I don't own these characters or profit from them.


A little R&R
By, Clayton Overstreet


  Tenchi and the others looked around in awe. They had received an 
invitation in the mail to an anime character convention, but this was 
incredible. Characters from every anime show in the world had shown up. 
People from Pokemon were compairing notes with the kids from Digimon. Ranma 
characters were arm wrestling the characters from Tank Police.
  "Wow... this is so cool." Sasami said. "Hey, it's Sailor moon!" She ran 
off and began talking with the sailor scouts about her Pretty Sammy show.
  Ryoko held baby Mayuka close and looked around the room. A normal human 
walked up to them. "Clayton? What are you doing here?"
  I smiled. "Well this is my fic. You think I'd miss a chance like this? 
Anyway how are you two doing?"
  Ryoko smiled and showed off her engagement ring. "What do you think?"
  "Not bad. So Tenchi and you finally got together huh? What about Aeka?"
  Aeka glared at me. "Well since you're the one who got them together why 
don't you do something about it?"
  I rubbed my chin and looked around the room. "Hmm... let's see here. Oh, 
there you go. Talk with him."
  Aeka looked where I was pointing and saw Sakura's brother from card 
captors. "He's kind of cute." She walked over to him.
  Tenchi smiled, "Thanks, but what if she leaves our show?"
  I shrugged, "I'm not sure but everyone is pretty sure he's gay. I just 
figured he'd keep her out of my hair for a while."
  Ryoko laughed and slapped me on my back. "Good one!"
  Washu looked around. "Hey where did Mihoshi and Kiyone go?"
  Tenchi pointed. "They're over there. Mihoshi is in a card game with some 
guy."
  We all looked and Ryoko said, "Well that shouldn't last too long."
  "Oh I don't know about that. She's playing against Captain Tylor. He's 
just as lucky as she is." I said.
  We walked over to the table and watched the game go on. Yuriko stood 
behind Tylor's chair and cheered him on while Kiyone did the same for 
Mihoshi.
  Mihoshi put her cards on the table. "Royal flush! All diamonds."
  Tylor smiled and put his cards down. "Same hear, all hearts." Everyone 
stared in shock.
  Kiyone sighed. "That's the fifth hand in a row!"
  "Well maybe you two will have better luck in the fight. Anyone can 
challenge anyone else." I suggested.
  Tylor and Mihoshi looked at each other and said, "Nah."
  I shrugged and went off to see what else was going on.

  A-ko jumped forward and hit Goku across the face, knocking him unconsious. 
The crowd cheered. Despite her lack of powers, her speed and strength had 
been enough to take him down. Since the ring was indoors Goku couldn't even 
fly out of her reach or teleport far enough to make it matter.
  After I presented her with her trophy, the entire procression moved on to 
the android beuty contest. Ryoko stood in the first spot, followed by 18 
from Dragonball, Dorothy from Big O, Harumi from the Irresponsible captain 
Tylor, Mecha-Washu, Armitage, Angewoman, Ladydevimon, and Lilymon from 
Digimon, Ryo-oki, Black Arachnea from Beast Wars, Android 16... wait a 
minute! The huge android was wearing a tutu, had bows in his mowhawk, and 
had blush on his cheeks.
  "16, get your butt off the stage!" I yelled.
  He bowed his head sadly. "Cell made me do it."
  The villains all laughed and pointed... so did everyone else for that 
matter. Once he was off the stage I glanced over the rest to make sure they 
were all there. Several others I didn't recognize were up and Melfina from 
Outlaw Star ended the line. From the crowd I heard Aisha and Gene cheering 
her on. I'd arranged for the cast of Ranma to judge the contest.
  "And the winner is... Android 16?" I looked around confused. Ranma smiled 
and shrugged. "Oh well, should have known better than to put him/her on the 
panel."
  We put the crown on 16, then turned our backs while the other contestants 
beat the crap out of him and the judges. We were going to have a contest 
between the giant robots, but someone who shall remain nameless (Yugi!) got 
to play around with Big O and destroyed them. The spaceship contest was a 
tie between the Outlaw Star and Yagami.

  For the last event of the night was a dance contest. I took the podeum. 
"I'd like to take this time to thank the villans here on work release for 
building this place and for not using it to kill the rest of us or to take 
over the world." The crowd nervousely clapped while the bad guys laughed. 
"Also before you leave here tonight Little Washu has kindly traced the 
emails of every fan fic writer in the world and come up with their home 
addresses. The winner of the dance contest will be presented with them and 
is free to act upon them or sell them as they see fit. I am not on that list 
and am being protected by the crew of the Outlaw Star, Ryoko and Tenchi 
Masaki, Washu, and a great many others."
  Vegeta rubbed his hands togeter. "Finally, I can get those damn MSTers." 
As the music started he and Bulma began dancing.
  "The last one standing wins!"
  Hours later I walked through the people passed out on the floor. It was 
down to Ryoko and Tenchi, Vegita and Aeka (Bulma had quit and Aeka had given 
up on Tory), and Dorothy and Roger Smith. As I looked around the room I 
noticed Tokimi, Tsunami, and Washu were talking with some goddesses from 
other shows. Suddenly two of the couples fell down. The winners were...

  The doorbell rang and Bryan Weber went to open the door. Vegeta and Aeka 
stood there. Aeka's crown glowed blue and Vegeta's tail twitched as he 
tossed a glowing ball of energy into the air. His eyes turned while and fur 
began to spread over his face.
  "Oh crap..." was the last thing he said.

