I do not own Tenchi Muyo or any of its characters. This little 
story is for entertainment and not profit.



			A Moment Alone
				By joe


A young woman sits down on hilltop that allows her to get a nice 
view of the beautiful trees. The wind carries her long, purple hair on 
a journey that it refuses to take and forces her to hold herself just a 
little bit tighter to embrace her inner heat. She is princess and 
future successor to a great kingdom that stretches beyond the universe 
but today she is just Ayeka. A woman that was left a cast away with her 
sister on a small blue and green planet called Earth. But though she 
lost to her people now, she has found herself on her journey. Far away 
from customs and rules, she slowly develops her own feeling of joy and 
dislike for a certain pirate. This is a planet that allows her to find 
love that is necessary for her own emotional survival and not required 
to expand her father's kingdom. Whether she obtains this love or finds 
her strength within herself, is a matter for another day and not worth 
worrying about today. 
Today journey leads her to this hilltop to await a special 
moment. Her patience is soon rewarded by the sun coming down in a 
beautiful array of colors from orange to yellow to colors beyond our 
comprehension. And in the sun last moment of glory, it cast the autumn 
leaves in a color that causes her to shed a single tear over her lost 
Juria. A distant cheerful voice tells her that dinner is ready and she 
knows it is Sasami. Though she knows that she must get to the table 
before Ryoko grabs all the food, she waits patiently until the sun 
gives it last performance of the day before escaping underneath the 
curtain of night. Maybe one day, she will be able to share this 
experience with Tenchi and allow herself to be rock back and forth in 
his strong hand but today is not the day. 
"My journey is not at an endings but in its new beginnings 
everyday," Ayeka says to herself before leaving.   



This is my first fan fic and I have decided to start it with a 
small story before \attempting larger ones. Show some love or 
constructive criticism. Maybe a little bit of both.  Thank you.   

