     A dark room where a light suddenly appears above the hand of a tall,
lean man. He moves his hand in a slow arc ahead of himself and  a shimmering
large mirror appears in front of him.  He then throws the ball of light into
the air and it illuminates the small room.  The room is bare except for the
mirror and the person who created it, he looks outward and starts to talk.

     "An explanation is in order, wouldn't you agree?" he asks no one and
anyone. "My name is Psyche, and it is my job to preview incomplete thoughts
and ideas of my creator, JL."  "To put it simply, this is fishing of sorts,
testing of the waters if you please, a way to find out if an Idea will
interest or intrigue the reader before the full story gets worked on."

     The tall man then folds arms in front of himself and turns towards the
mirror in the corner and starts concentrating on it...

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

     Hey everyone, first of all I would like to let you know that Azusa's
scheme part three is on hold at this moment, working out some details and
all that...

     Second of all, as always, all the characters in this fic excluding
Psyche belong to Pioneer

or Viz.

     For those taking notes, this is another possible Tenchi series
depending on your response to the Ideas below.  So let's begin this fic and
see what happens.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

          A New Idea...  By JL

     The glass of the mirror becomes foggy as Psyche comes out of his trance
and uncrosses his arms.

     "Alright then, lets see the possibilities as they unfold."  Psyche
waves his hand in front of the mirror and color explodes behind the smooth
glass surface.

     An Image slowly appears in the midst of the tumult of color and we are
dragged into the

scene before us.

     The Masaki residence, more to the point the door to Tenchi's room, the
hour is late.

     Ryoko phases through the door looking disheveled, she leans against the
door for support.

A wide bittersweet smile and a single tear adorn her face as she catches her
breath.

     The image shifts, and we are now in the same room that Ryoko just
vacated. We are drawn towards the image of Tenchi who is sprawled out on his
bed wearing the exact same expression as Ryoko was just sporting.

     Clouds appear, and when they dissipate we find ourselves in an empty
clearing in the forest.  Seconds later Ryoko appears with Ryo-Ohki on her
shoulder, the cabbit jumps from Ryoko's shoulder and transforms into her
crystalline ship form. Ryoko slowly floats up to her awaiting ship staring
at the residence below her until she disappears and Ryo-Ohki disappears into
the night. A single tear catching moonlight is seen falling and gently
landing on a leaf where it disappears as the image fades again.

     A new Image appears, this one being a wedding scene. In the friends and
family seats in the front rows we witness Ayeka sitting with the same look,
and act, of Ramia when Pixy Misa failed and the balance was restored.

     The first two to emerge are Asahi and Gohgei, they walk down the isle
and take their places. Next come Mihoshi and her grandfather, the GP Grand
Marshal. Thankfully there is no incident and they take their places.  The
next two in line is Kiyone and Noboyuki, they also take their places.  Next
to walk the isle is none other than Hiwa and Amagasaki who also take their
places.  Next in line is the Maid of honer, Ryoko, and the best man
Umanosuke, who take their places as well.

     The vision slightly blurs, and when it clears we see a smiling Sasami
tossing cherry blossom petals as she skips down the aisle.  Ryo-Ohki in her
little girl form carries two rings on a cushion cautiously and makes it to
her place.

     The vision then pans over the gathering, and we can see some of the
people in the crowd. Azusa and his wives, Sakuya, the humans Azaka and
Kamadake, Seiryo, and even Tenchi's aunt among many others.

     Tsunami sends her wedding gift as from out of nowhere wedding music
floats into the

gathering.

     Tenchi takes his place as his wife to be appears next to Washu, who
leads her down the aisle.

     Katsuhito takes his place on the dias to preside over the wedding as
the couple approach,

Washu gives the bride away.

     The wedding goes well, and when the bride pulls back her Vail we see
Minagi, they kiss...

     The picture shatters and when it focusses again we find ourselves
staring into the raging

mirror.  A hand slowly waves before it and the calm is restored.

     "How interesting, wouldn't you agree?" Psyche asks as he takes a step
back from the now

plain mirror.

     He grins and his eyes light up, at the same instant the floating orb
flashes brightly, then

nothing but emptiness...

          End?  What do you all think?