                                A Tree of Jurai

Version 1.0
by Bryan Neef

Tenchi and characters owned by Pioneer

Washu sat at her terminal, drumming her fingers.  <I've got to finish this
tonight.>

"Watcha doing, Washu-chan?"

Washu jumped from her seat, clutching her chest.  She stared at Mihoshi's
calm, inquisitive face.  "Don't do that!"

"Do what?"

"Never mind.  Follow me," commanded Washu.

Mihoshi shrugged as she followed the self-proclaimed genius out one of the
many doors.  It exited onto the edge of the lake, near the Masaki home.  She
almost ran over Washu as the elder woman stopped.

"Your assignment, Mihoshi, is to blend in with your environment.  This
should
be easy for you, since you are a Detective First Class in the Galaxy
Police."

Mihoshi smiled, her gaze drifting skyward.  Her attention returned to Washu
when she cleared her throat.

"Yes, well, you are to stand here, and imagine yourself to be a tree.  ONLY
when I tell you to leave can you return to the house."

"Um, why?"

"Camaflage training."

"A tree?"

"A tree."

"Okay.  I AM A TREE!" shouted Mihoshi as she struck a pose.

Washu shook her head as she headed back to the house.  "I'm such a genius."

***

The setting sun framed Mihoshi's stiff figure perfectly.  Kiyone walked past
her partner.  "Evening, Mihoshi."

She stopped when she received no response.  A hopeful look covered her face.
Racing back to the blonde alien, she waved in from of her face.  Mihoshi
still didn't respond.

Kiyone was about to celebrate when a squirl ran up her partner's leg and
into
her hair.  Kiyone began to panic, until she heard Mihoshi's soft breathing.
Shrugging, she continued her walk to the house.

<A squirrel?  Who would have thought she'd stand still for a squirrel?>

"A squirrel?  MIHOSHI!!!  Do you know you have a squirrel in your hair?"

The squirrl leapt from Mihoshi to Kiyone.  Screaming, Kiyone fell on her
butt.  Her face twitched as she stared at her partner, the squirrel running
for a better tree.

***

Tsunami watched the moon rise over the lake.  Something caught her eye as
she
looked down from her balcony.  She strained her human eyes, but couldn't
make
out what the object was.

Frowning, she went to investigate.  She approached Mihoshi.  Concern crossed
the ancient entity's face as she got closer.

"Mihoshi?"

No response.

"Mihoshi?"

Still no response.  The woman looked at the space detective in the face and
shuddered.  "By the Trees, no!  Mihoshi, stop!  You have no idea what you're
doing!"

Tsunami shook Mihoshi violently.  "Stop pretending to be a tree!  Stop it!
You're scaring me!"

Mihoshi remained stiff and silent.  Tsunami stopped when she heard wood
breaking.  Letting go of the frozen woman, Tsunami watched as Mihoshi
returned to an upright position, though slightly tilted.  Tsunami fainted as
another snap was heard and Mihoshi leaned a little more to the left.

"All right, Mihoshi.  The exercise is finished.  I'm done with my
invention."

Mihoshi yawned and stretched.  She bent over and put her shoe back on.
"That
was fun!" she exclaimed.  "What's my next lesson?"

Washu shrugged as she took a drink from her glass.  "We'll review this
tomor-
row.  I need some rest."

"Okay!"

Both women walked off towards the house.  Neither saw Tsunami laying on the
ground, twitching.

                                The End

Acknowledgements --

Tenchi Muyo! owned by Pioneer.  Borrowed without permission.

(C) 1999 Bryan Neef

This story may be freely distributed, unaltered.

Special thanks to Thad Landis and Becky Spencer for sparking (and fanning)
this idea.

Feedback is encouraged and welcomed at amaranius@yahoo.com.
