  I don't own these characters or profit from them

Quote fromt he Pojo EZ Board:
Ash: (Goes into Yugi's grandfather's shop) Hey can I buy some Pokemon cards?
Yugi's Grandfather: (Pulls his shotgun from under the counter and points it 
at him) Get... out... NOW!!!


Another day at the Toonami lunch room
By, Clayton Overstreet


Vegeta: (looks across the table at the man and woman sitting with him. With 
a growl he slaps his cards down and smirks) Straight Flush! In spades!
Mihoshi: (Lays her hand down) Royal flush. Hearts
Captain Tylor: (Lays his hand down) Royal Flush. Diamonds
Vegeta: (Slams the table aside) That's the fifth hand in a row! You're 
trying to con me out of my merchandising money! (Extends his hand) Final 
Flash! (DBZ type smoke fills the room. Everyone glares at him, not that he 
cares)
Tylor: (As the smoke clears) Missed me
Mihoshi: Same here. Pay up now please
Vegeta: (Mumbling under his breath he pulls out his wallet and pays them 
off) My wife and daughter are going to kill me. Damn it they said the next 
time this happened I'd have to let them cut my hair like it was in GT
Mihoshi: (Ignores him) So Tylor, want to take Yuriko out with me and Kiyone 
for dinner?
Tylor: Sure

Rini: You know Trunks, I'm from the future too...
Trunk: Really Rini you're too young for me
Rini: Here's a picture of what I'll look like in eighteen years. (Holds up 
her wallet)
Trunks: (Looks at the picture, then at her, and then at the picture again) I 
see... Well the rumor was that when you grow up you're going to look like 
Serio
Rini: Those bastard fic writers
Trunk: That and you were dating Sailor Saturn
Rini: She was turned into a baby
Trunks: And the horse?
Rini: He's dating Sakuya. They're both dreams...
Trunks: Well when I go back to my own time I'll see what happens

A lawyer: (Walks up to Bit Cloud) I represent Mysteries Inc. We're suing you 
for the destruction of the mystery machine and the squashing on one Scrappy 
Doo.
Bit: Look Liger was just after a Scooby Snack. He wanted to see what they 
tasted like.
Lawyer: Reguardless...
Bit: Fine, take it up with my lawyer (Snaps his finger)
Washu: (Appears and shakes the lawyer's hand) Hello
Lawyer: I see. Never mind (Turns and walks away)
Washu: (Turns to Bit) I'll take my retainer now
Dr. Tauros: No you won't. I spent all of Bit's money on Lina's new partical 
cannon
Bit: You did what?

Yugi: I am so board
Joey: Why don't you pick some little dweeb and duel him?
Tristan: Like you?
Joey: Watch it pal!
T'ea: (Points at Sakura) How about her?
Yugi: No way!
Mai: Okay how about that kid over there? (Points at a small unfamiliar boy 
sitting in the corner looking at Duel Monster cards with interest)
Yugi: Hmm, that could be fun (Walks over to the boy) What's your name?
The boy: I'm Lusche. Aren't you Yugi?
Yugi: Yeah. I was wondering if you might like a quick game of duel monsters?
Lusche: Really? That's be so cool! Can we play in the Shadow Realm?
Yugi: You want to go to the Shadow Realm?
Lusche: Yeah! I know I don't have a millenium item or anything but it might 
be fun...
Yugi: Well alright. (Waves his hand and his millenium item glows and they 
are in teh shadow realm) Yu-gi-oh! (Transforms into Yami Yugi)
Lusche: (laughs) I can do that too (His eyes begin glowing and his shoulders 
heave)
Yami Yugi: Uh oh...
Lusche: (Grows to seven feet tall and had white hair billowing down his 
shoulders. New clothes magically appear in him as he smiles at Yami Yugi 
showing off fangs)
Yami Yugi: Who are you?
Dark Schneider: I am Dark Schneider! The most powerful wizard in the world. 
And you are in deep shit!
Yami Yugi: Oh crap (The millenium puzzle stops glowing) Yugi, you're on your 
own (Shrinks again)

Twelve minutes later

Ninja Master Gara: Oh that was great! Did you see what I did to that stupid 
elf?
Thunder Empress Arshes Nei: Hey watch it. Anyway I'm the one who took down 
the dark magician
Dark Schneider: Well I'm the one who blasted Exodia to dust. (looks back 
over at Yugi) Do you think he's going to be alright? After his monsters 
actually started bleeding he seemed to snap
Yugi: (Sitting in a corner sucking his thumb and rocking while his left hand 
is slapping his face to snap him out of it)

Takato: Digimon!
Ash: Pokemon!
Takato: Digimon!
Guilmon: (Gulps)
Ash: Where's Pikachu?
Guilmon: He tasted like peanut butter!
Terriermon: I find Meowth tastes good
Guilmon: Less filling
Terriermon: Tastes good!
Guilmon: Less filling!

Ryoko: (Runs into the room and hides behind Tenchi) Help!
Tenchi: What's wrong?
Ryoko: The collectors for the lemon writers and hentai artists are here 
again! Hide me!
Tenchi: Can't you just blast them?
Ryoko: No, they shot me with one of their damn darts! My powers are out for 
the next day. You know that!
Tenchi: Look Ryoko, I think I can help but...
(Just then a bunch of humanoid apes riding on horses and carrying nets 
bursts into the room)
Sakura: Run for it! (Get's the fly card and grows wings. Flying over the 
room she swoops down to grab Madison and slies out the skylight, narrowly 
avoiding a net)
Li: Avalon you jerk! (He and Meilin get hauled away)
(The apes round up Sasami, Botan, Tsunami, Rei, and Nagi easily and with 
apparent glee. One of them mentions the bonus he'll get for this)
Ape: (Stops infront of Tenchi when he see's Ryoko hiding behind him) Stand 
aside boy, unless you wish to join her. You aren't on the list this time but 
I'm sure they could find some work for you with... Mayuka again
Tenchi: (Glares at him) You can't use Ryoko without me
Ape: (Laughs) Oh yeah? What's stopping us?
Ryoko: Tenchi no, if it's between me and you I'll go...
Tenchi: (Whips a small book from behind his back) I was saving this for a 
surprise, but here. Take a look (Ignores the screams for help from the 
captured Aeka and Yosho)
Ape: (Takes the book and looks at the cover)
Ryoko: (Tries to get a look)
Ape: (Opens it to the back and reads the last few pages while around them 
other anime characters are taken away) I see... this real?
Tenchi: (Nods)
Ape: Damn... so you're a package deal now. A lot of my bosses aren't going 
to like it
Tenchi: (Grins) Feel free to tell them what they can do about it
Ape: (Gives the book back and rides away. Captures Azaline from Captain 
Tylor)
Ryoko: (Snatches the book away and reads the cover) No need for endings... 
(Flips to the pages the ape was reading. As she does her eyes widen and she 
looks at Tenchi) You mean it's over? I mean for real? No more me and Aeka in 
Yuri fics... no more polls... It's over? (Kisses him before he can answer)

Author's note

  Feel free to continue this sort of thing as you see fit. Just tell me 
about it at clayton_n@hotmail.com
