Aeka's Decision

A short fic by me Katsuro (Archangel1176@yahoo.com)

I dont own these characters. AIC and Pioneer and other folks do. If their lawyers 
are reading this, Dont sue me. I dont have any money anyway.

This fic is set in the TV continuity a little before No Need For a Conclusion.


	Aeka sat in her room in the Jurai royal palace combing her hair and 
thinking back on the events of the last few weeks. The journey across the 
galaxy. The revelation that Katsuhito was really the lost prince of the royal 
house. Discovering that there might be a chance for her to be with the one she 
loved. And then having that hope dashed when she found that he was determined to 
return to Earth.

	"Why should he wish to give up his rightful place as the ruler of Jurai to 
go back to the earth?" she asked herself.

	"I dont know." another part of her answered.

	"But here he could have anything he wanted, and he would have me, 
forever."

	"But what if he doesn't want you?" The words echoed in her mind for a 
moment and she felt a cold sick lump form in her gut. But as it did, she turned 
her mind away from that thought. She knew the end of that road. Despair. 
Hopelessness. Death.

	"Even if he doesn't love me as I love him, he would never be cruel. He 
cares for me, I know that much of him. Even if it is only as a friend." 

	"But there has to be a way you can make him stay."

	"Maybe there is, but that is not what I want. I wish him to stay because 
he wants to not because he is forced to. If I forced him to stay when he wanted 
to go, he would be unhappy and he would hate me for it. And I would rather have 
him be far away and happy than be here and have him be miserable."

	"Do you really love him that much?"

	"Yes." As she said this she looked toward the clock, which indicated that 
it was time for her to meet with Tenchi before he left. She knew she would not 
be able to see him off. It would just be too hard to watch him fly away. But she 
would see him before he left.

	"Are you really going to go through with this?" 

	"Yes," she said as she rose and headed for the great hall. "I will ask him 
to stay but if he won't, well I might have an idea for that.

					FIN


Well thats It just a little soliloquy that I wrote to consider Aeka's thoughts 
before Tenchi left Jurai. Hoped you liked it. Send praises, flames, or just a 
little note saying you read it to <Archangel1176@yahoo.com>.

	



	
