    Yet another brain burp.  I'll take C&C on Rye bread, please hold the
flames.  ;o)
------
 All the Girls

 Disclaimer:  Eat the Rich belongs to Aerosmith, Tenchi Muyo belongs to
AIC/Pioneer.

Well I woke up this morning
She was hanging over my head
Yeah how I got to thinkin
About things I just ain’t said.
Bout extraordinary women
And how they make me glad
And if fighting games kicks back on them
Then I hope this does the trick.

Cause I’m sick of my complaining
About how many thrills
And I’m sick of all the bitchin
Bout their battles and the bills.
And I’m startin to see the humor
‘bout our way of life
And I think I could do more for them
If I weren’t scared for my life

All the girls: Wish I knew what they want me for
All the girls: Take one fight now - come back for more
All the girls: Really hope Ryoko’ll get off my back
All the girls: Love one girl now, then all the rest

So I called up my grandfather
And I asked him what to do
Said you better start learnin fast
Bout how to treat them gals
And go ‘head an’ burst a bubble
When Kagato comes to town
Cause they’ll be getting you into trouble
Just for a little, tiny crown.

Now their starting up another fight
Cause my neck’s too dang stiff
And their blowin apart the house
With kicks and super flips
And you should see what happens
When there’s just one slice of pie
Those atomic bombs may be real bad
But at least they explode in the sky!

All the girls: Wish I knew what they want me for
All the girls: Take one fight now - come back for more
All the girls: Really hope Ryoko’ll get off my back
All the girls: Love one girl now, then all the rest

Well there are many good things
And I’m a lucky guy
Somehow I got all the luck
Would someone tell me why?
I believe in blue-haired demons
And flying cabbit ships
So trust me on this one my friend
And never enter a cave in a shrine!

All the girls: Wish I knew what they want me for
All the girls: Take one fight now - come back for more
All the girls: Really hope Ryoko get off my back
All the girls: Love one girl now, then the rest

All the girls: Wish I knew what they want me for
All the girls: Take one fight now - come back for more
All the girls: If this don’t stop I’ll go crazy
All the girls: That’s their idea of a good time maybe

---
The Platinum Dragon
Dragon's Masaki Shrine of Tenchi Muyo - http://dragonsanime.com
"The rising sun will eventually set,
  A newborn's life will fade.
  From sun to moon, moon to sun,
  give peacefull rest to the living dead." - Zelda64
Proud Member of the Ryoko Forever Fan Club
