                                 AMITYVILLE
              (Crazed anime characters singing this by the way)
                          By: Smooth Criminal Ohtaku

                                                               

Cue opening music...

 

Chorus (Ryoko):

 

(She's) Mentally ill from Amityville (She'll)

Accidentally kill your family still

Thinkin' she won't, God dammit, she will (she's)

 

Mentally ill from Amityville

 

Verse 1: 
I get lifted and spin 'til I'm half-twisted

Feet planted and stand with a grin full of chapped lipstick

Hand full of power, thinks sinful and rapes Tenchi sick

Washu, pencil me in for my last visit

Drink Sake 'til my chin's full of splashed whiskers

Hash sake and ash 'til I slap Ayeka

Ask Gene; he's been here the past 6 years

Mash with me and again and imagine this

 

Chorus 2 x2 (Gene Starwind)

 

(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville (He'll)

Accidentally kill your family still

Thinking he won't God dammit, he will (He's)

Mentally ill from Amityville

 

Verse 2 (Gene):

 

Fuck Melfina in her asshole, slit McDougal's throat

Hehe, guess who Ryoko just signed to Interscope

Hanmio's episode, she'll remember me

For a gift I had my boy Jim take her virginity

And bitches know me as a horny-ass freak

Suzuka wasn't raped; I ate her pussy while she was asleep

Aisha drunk throwing up in a urinal (YOU FUCKING HOMO!)

That's what Jim said at Fred Lou's funeral

 

Chorus 3 x2 (Shinji Ikari)

 

(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville (He'll)

Accidentally kill your family still

Thinkin' he won't, God dammit, he will (He's)

Mentally ill from Amityville

 

Verse 3 (Shinji)

That's why the city is filled with a bunch of fuckin' idiots still (Still!)

That's why the first motherfucker poppin' some shit here gets killed (Kill!)

That's why we don't call it "Tokyo" we call it "Amityville"

You can get capped out after just having a cavity filled

Ahahahahaha, That's why we're crowned the murder capital still (Still!)

This ain't Tokyo, this is motherfuckin' Hamburger Hill!

We don't do drive-bys; we park in front of Angels and shoot

And if the Army comes, we fuckin shoot it out with them too!

That's the mentality here, that's the reality here

Did I just hear somebody say they wanna challenge me here?!

While I'm in an Eva wit' a gun this many calibers here?!

With some permission, it made the shit valid this year?!

'Cause once I snap, I can't be held accountable for my actions

That's when accidents happen, when a thousand bullets come at your house

And collapse the foundation around you when they found you and your family in it

God dammit, admit it when he told you

 

Chorus x2

 

Author's Notes:

 

Hilde: Umü?YSmooth?

SCO: Yeah Hilde?

Hilde: Someone named Marshall Mathers is here to kill you.

(Smooth Criminal Ohtaku panics)

SCO: Umü?YHilde tell him I'm dreadfully sick

Hilde: He doesn't care he wants you dead

SCO: Aw dammit to hellü?Yoh well, let's try to make a run for it out the backü?Y

Eminem (from outside): I'm going to fuckin' kill you for taking my lyrics!

SCO: Well Hilde before we go it's disclaimer timeü?Y

Hilde: Yesü?YI'll tell them while you pack our bags

SCO: Right! 

(SCO runs off to gather the stuff)

Hilde: Gene Starwind, Jim Hawking, Melfina, Suzuka, McDougal, Hanmio, Aisha, 
Fred Lou, and myself are property of Sunrise and Sotsu
Agency; Ryoko and Ayeka are property of AIC and Pioneer; and Shinji Ikari and 
his Eva belong to GINAXü?Y I think. Anyways don't sue
him or he will hate all of you like he hates End of Evangelion. Oh yes and 
Eminem belongs to Interscope and Shady Records.

SCO: Hilde come on!  Our plane to Tijuana leaves in thirty!

Hilde: Right! Well ü?~til next time (considering we get the entire West Coast 
off our asses), bye- bye!

(Hilde and SCO dive out a back window and make a mad dash for the Airport with 
Eminem, carrying a .357 Magnum, close behind.
