Subject: [Tenchi Spamfic] And there was much rejoicing
Date: 26 Jan 99 22:54:30 PST
From: Shade <rowan-phoenix@usa.net>
To: GenSao@geocities.com

And there was much rejoicing
   -A Tenchi Spamfic
   by Shade

   Once upon a time there was an evil pedophile.

   One day this most evil pedophile decided to visit the
   house of one Tenchi Masaki.

   Upon breaking into the house the reviled one
   grabbed the cute and innocent Princess Sasami
   of Jurai. So intent on the doing of vile deeds
   was he that the pedophile forgot that the Princess
   was not the only one in the house.

   A fact that was immediately made clear when Azaka
   and Kamidake proceeded to capture him in their
   forcefield and bombard him with 10,000 Gigawatts
   of electricity.

   The quite singed pedophile managed to stumble outside,
   where Ryoko and Ayeka were waiting, having come to a
   temporary truce.

   Ayeka summoned her royal forcefield and demonstrated how
   to make a naughty tentacle attack on a male.

   Ryoko settled for good old fashioned high intensity
   energy beams.

   The now rather beaten and much burned pedophile then
   discovered that Ryo-ohki was rather peeved at him for
   attacking her friend when she appeared overhead in her
   battleship mode and let loose a full broadside.

   A Giant Tanuki Statue that crushed the mangled
   pervert a moment later let him know that Little Washu
   wasn't pleased either.

   Tenchi summoned forth the Wings of the Light Hawk
   and got medieval what was left of the pedophile.

   When Mihoshi finally arrested him the remains
   of what had once been a abnormal human being
   started thanking his lucky stars, believing
   that the hurting would stop.

   That stopped when the Detective First Class
   accidently shot him with her giant laser bazooka.

   Whimpering in agony the much abused pedophile
   wondered how things could get any worse.

   That's when he found out that he was being sent to
   Funaho and Misaki, Sasami's mother.

   And the one soon to be experiencing a fate much
   worse then death started to scream and scream.

   And there was much rejoicing.

   -The End

   Disclaimer: The Tenchi OAVs are Pioneer's. Everything else goes.

   -Shade (Who really enjoyed writing that)
