Except for Turbo Magnus and the Anime Star, nothing used in this story is my
property. I'm not paying to use the characters, nor am I making money from
them. Thank you Chewy for agreeing to let me MST this.

Anime Star MSTs #8
By: Turbo Magnus

VEGETA! FIRST I WILL KILL YOU! THEN I WILL WISH YOU BACK TO LIFE WITH THE
DRAGONBALLS. THEN I'M GONNA MAKE YOU WISH I HADN'T BROUGHT YOU BACK TO
LIFE!!!!!!!! The voice of Jay Magnus echoed throughout the Anime Star.
Outside in the hall, two of the other AniMSTers, Trowa Barton and Leena
Tauros walked by in time to catch a quick glimpse of what had pissed him
off.

> Are you aware," Rei was saying, "That someone recently MSTed one of your
MSTs?"
Bryan yawned, "Yeah. Pretty funny stuff. Relena was there with her date,
and..."
"DATE?!" Zechs yelled, leaping up from his seat and grabbing his gun belt,
"Who is he? Where can I find him? Tell me the cretin's name, and surely he
will die by my hand!"
"Take a chill pill, Zechs," Bryan said, "He's a lot more stable than Heero
was."
Vegeta came into the room with a bag of popcorn, "Hey, Zechs, did you know
that some MSTer calling himself Turbo is banging your sister?"<

AND IT'S JAY!!! I ONLY GO BY TURBO WHEN IN AUTOBOT FORM!!!

Leena sighed, I pity Vegeta. Jok's STILL recovering from what Jay did when
he remembered the remark back in MST #6.

Trowa nodded, And that was just his lowest powered attack...

The next sound heard was that of a monitor being vaporized by a Dragon's
Rage Fire Fang.

I! WILL! KILL! YOU! NO ONE, AND I MEAN NO ONE, SPREADS RUMORS ABOUT ME! THE
DAY I'D TOUCH RELENA WOULD BE ONE OF TWO THINGS: OUR WEDDING NIGHT OR THE
DAY WEBER-SAN HAS SEX WITH REI!!! AND I DON'T GIVE A DAMN IF ANYONE IS
OFFENDED BY THAT SINCE I'M OFFENDED BY WHAT VEGETA INSINUATED!!!

Leena, did you hear what I heard?

Trowa, if you heard the words ‘wedding night', I did.

You don't think he's gonna...

Propose to her?

The two looked at each other, Naaaah.
-------------------------------------------

A couple hours later, having calmed down slightly, Jay slipped a small black
box in his pocket and walked out the door.

[[[Choose me. Marry me. Let me make you happy. Oh, that sounds like three
favors, doesn't it?]]]

MST Alarm?! NOW!?! Of all the %&*#%( worst times for a MST! Jay cursed as he
headed for the briefing room.
------------------------------------------

Relena, what's all this about?

Jay, we got a MST request, I had Hoag load it.

Door sequence:
Door 1: The line for Star Wars II: Attack of The Clones, with a flurry of
martial arts, Jay, Leena, and Trowa create a gap in the line which the
AniMSTers bolt through.

Door 2: A Terran Federation Corvette Transport's drop room. They load up
into capsules and drop.

Door 3: A mob of rowdy otakus. Thanks to the negotiation skills of Relena
they get through without a scratch.

Door 4: A Shakespeare play (Julius Caesar). Jay and Relena are the only ones
who don't fall asleep.

Door 5. A trebuchet. They all get thrown over the horizon and land in their
seats.

[fic starts]

HOAG(PR): AniMSTer Roll Call!
JAY: Ready to rock and roll for it.
RELENA: Ready.
JOK: Crank it up!
TROWA: Start.
LEENA: Mobilize!
CROW: Let...
TOM: The MST...
ALL: BEGIN!!!

Forever United.

TROWA(Dr. Arliss Loveless): The united, DIVIDED!

By Chewy

JAY(Han Solo): Get off me you furry oaf!

Billriddle1@home.com
Cross over: Evanglion fic with Tenchi Characters.

Disclaimer: I don't own any of this, Evangelion or Rei,

RELENA: She's over on the Brian Drummond.

heck I don't own the computer, I have no money, and I have no desire to have
money in gross amounts. No, I am not stoned. I will try to keep the all
people in character. I support the idea of Shinji and Rei being together.

LEENA: Me and Bit!
JOK: Me and Natasha!
TOM: Ryoko and Tenchi!

She did die for him that one time, kind of a hint. Disregard everything from
episode 23 and on, along with the movies, except for the part were Rei
realizes she really likes Shinji. Both ending were not worthy of EVA.
Chewy Productions is greatly honored to present for the first time in
recorded history:

CROW: The Spineless Wimps, Tenchi and Shinji make the big decision.

The Ayanami/Ikari Wedding. I would like to thank Jeffrey "Oneshot" Wong and
Jusenkyo Guide for this one. Thanks guys ^_^. I also don't own Tenchi or
Sasami or Tsunami. Kasami

RELENA: Isn't that Akane's sister?
JAY: No, that's Kasumi.

is the Child of Sasami/Tsunami and Tenchi. She has blue hair like her
mother. I made her up. No, I do not write lemons. They are usually in really
bad taste.

ALL: AMEN!!!

Deep in Terminal Dogma,

TOM: My Karma ran over your Dogma because it ate my Catma.

a ceremony was being held. A ceremony that's beginning had started seven
years earlier. On a day when a girl willingly put herself in front of a boy
whom she barely knew so that he could get a clear shot, A day when a boy had
opened that same girl's entry hatch alone to rescue her. It was the day of
Rei Ayanami's marriage to Shinji Ikari (and vise versa).

CROW: Nah, Rei was marrying Shinji, Shinji was marrying Ryoko, Ryoko was
marrying Ranma, and Ranma was marrying Rei.
JAY: Uhh, Crow, The Rei that works with Ksa DOES have an attraction to the
Ranma that works with Peter.

In a small room that had once been the meeting place where generals and
strategists had sat to

LEENA: Play poker.

plan for war now housed a small chapel. This chapel was where two souls were
soon to be united into one unit, the sacred unit of husband and wife, which
no angel or demon or any other being, cosmic or otherwise, could separate.
The people, whom had come from far and wide to witness this extraordinary
event, were seated. The lights lowered slightly and a Japanese wedding march
began to play. The crowd looked to the back of the room and watched in awe
as the bride walked down the aisle. Rei was dressed in a lavender dress that
caught the eye of all present, including the priest. She had grown in the
past seven years. She now wore her hair in a ponytail that went down to her
shoulders. She had grown about 10 centimeters and her figure had filled out
exceptionally well. She walked with a grace of a person who could be call
euphoric. The person escorting her down the aisle was none other than Maya
Ibuki. Maya had volunteered after Rei had not been able to find anyone with
the dig nity to be her escort down the aisle. As they reached the altar, Rei
looked into the eyes of her beloved and smiled. She had fought so hard and
waited so long for this day to come. She remembered when she had first
slapped Shinji for insulting his father.

TOM: Even then they were a normal anime couple.
JAY/RELENA/JOK/LEENA: Ah-hem.
TOM: Present companies excluded.

She remembered how after Gendo's disappearance, Shinji was there to lend her
his should to cry upon when for the first time in her life she had felt
grief. Shinji was always there for her and now he always would be her side,
night or day, well or sick, rich or poor, heaven or hell, for all eternity.

Her smile brightened at this thought. Shinji, he was the only boy she had
every loved, ever would love, ever will love! He had shown her that life was
very much worth living, that even in the darkest night, a candle still burns
for those who seek it.

JAY: Poetic... I like it...

Before she had Shinji, she had known no true emotions, only negative ones
and these were not the emotions that she was feeling now. They were of
hopelessness, sadness, anger, fear and depression. She knew that even with
Shinji by her side, life would not be perfect, but they would at least face
them together. She offered her hand to Shinji and clasped it gently but
firmly with his own. Rei then turned and faced the altar, a look of joy on
her face.

TOM: Rewind, P.O.V. switch.

Shinji watched as Rei walked gracefully down the aisle. She was beautiful,
the most beautiful woman he had ever seen in his life. Seven years ago, he
would not have recognized her. She had grown in so many ways; she was no
longer an emotionless little girl. She was now a vessel of hope and love;
she was what mattered to him most in the entire world. He prayed that he
would always be there to protect her, no matter how dark the world appeared.
She was his happiness, the only star in his sky. She was his little Rei of
sunshine;

JOK(British accent): Bad pun old bean.

she was all he would ever need. Shinji noticed her smiling at him and he
smiled back. He then gently took her hand when she offered it to him. He
then turned and faced the altar.

Hands clasped together, they turned and faced the altar as one. The priest
began to speak "Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today in the sight of
the almighty to see the holy union of these two young people", the priest
said with a smile. He could see the love that this man and woman had for
each other. That made him smile, he glanced over to his daughter who was
acting shrine maiden and winked. Tenchi was very proud of his daughter,
Kasami, who was a spitting image of her mother. Until he had met the bride,
he thought that she and his wife, Tsunami was only people on earth with blue
hair. He knew that the love that these two shared was probably equal to his
love for Sasami, or Tsunami as she to those who were not close to her. He
would do anything; give anything, he would happily give his life for either
of them, Kasami or Sasami. Now another couple could hopefully find the
happiness that he and Sasami had found, it was his duty as a priest to
perform this sacred rite.

Tenchi continued, "Marriage is an institution built on love, honor and union
of two souls, two souls that are at present standing before me. If there is
anyone in this room can give cause to why these two may not be wed, speak
now or forever hold they're peace." Several moments past and no one said
anything. "Good. Do you Rei Ayanami, take Shinji Ikari to be your lawfully
wedded husband, to honor and love, to have and to hold, in sickness and in
health, for richer or poorer as long as you both shall live?" Rei replied,
"As long as I draw breath from my body, I swear I will love Shinji Ikari
until my dying day. I do, with all my heart, I do." Tenchi then turned to
Shinji and said "Good, do you, Shinji Ikari, take Rei Ayanami to be your
lawfully wedded wife, to honor and love, to have and to hold, in sickness
and in health, for richer or poorer as long as you both shall live?" "Rei is
my world, I will do anything and everything to make her happy. I do." Tenchi
then motioned to Kasami to bring the sake. Kasami brought the tray over to
the waiting couple and poured them each a cup of sake. After reciting sacred
passages, Tenchi said, "Who has the ring?"

JAY: I do.
*The others look at him quizzically as he gets down on one knee in front of
Relena and pulls out a small box. He opened the box to a ring of white gold
with a diamond.*
JAY: Relena, through three years of working together as Senshi no Kami and
as AniMSTers, I've been trying to find the perfect opportunity to ask you
this, will you marry me?
RELENA(Taking the ring): H-hai.
*Hoag starts playing Congratulations over the speakers.*
RELENA/JAY: Now cut that out!
CROW: Yep, the two of you are just perfect for each other...
HOAG(PR): Ey, boss and bossette, want me to contact the Brian Drummond and
invite Zechs?
RELENA: Yes, I'd like for him to be the one to give me away.
JAY: First thing. Relena, could you PLEASE tell your brother that NOTHING
HAS HAPPENED?
RELENA: Let me guess? Zechs is in overprotective older sibling mode again?
JAY: Oh yeah. And Vegeta lying and telling him we slept together probably
isn't helping. And Hoag, while you're at it, contact the SOLuvvv and see if
Chewy could do the service.
RELENA(To Jay): The same Chewy who's married to Yokho? The author of this
fic?
JAY: The very same.
LEENA(To Trowa): I guess he DID.
TROWA(To Leena): I guess we were wrong.
TOM(To both of them): I guess you're sounding like Zorn and Thorn from FF9.

Little Yuki Suzuhara giggled as she brought the rings forward. Tenchi then
said " Rei Ayanami, repeat after me. 'With this ring, I thee wed.'" Rei
recited "With ring, I thee Wed." he then turned to Shinji and said "Shinji
Ikari, please repeat after me. 'With this ring, I thee wed.'" Shinji then
recited "With this ring, I thee wed." Tenchi smiled at Rei and Shinji and
said "It is my honor to pronounce you husband and wife, you may kiss the
bride." In the background, a very pregnant Hikari Suzuhara could be heard
bawling. The kissed, a kiss that united them, body and soul, of all time.
After this was done, Tenchi turned to all those present and said, " It is my
privilege to introduce to you, Mr. and Mrs. Shinji and Rei Ayanami." There
was applause that could be heard outside of the Geofront. Yui Ikari looked
down from heaven on to the young couple and smiled, She then turned to
Achika Masaki and said, "I told Shinji I was going to show him a bright
future." They both burst out laughing.
The End only of this story, but a true story never ends.

JOK: You know, we didn't get as many jokes out of this one as we normally
would...
JAY: It was serious.
HOAG(PR): Opinions?
JAY: Gave me the guts I needed, enough said.
RELENA: It got Jay to propose.
JOK: I speak for the rest of us when I say that we plead the fifth so as not
to have those two kick our asses.
[Fic ends]
[AniMSTers exit the theater and go their separate ways, Jay and Relena
remaining in the briefing room to plan the wedding.]
______________________________________________________________________________

About the rage at Vegeta, I get ‘put off,' as Prince Humperdink of Florin
put it in The Princess Bride, when insinuations are made or Relena is
insulted. Done in one night, this was my quickest MST EVER! Speaking of
MSTs, Weber-san has given me permission to MST any and all of his works, so
in a paraphrase of the immortal words of Ksawarrior, All you other MSTers
back off from Weber-san's fics. Responses to turbomagnus@excite.com as
usual.
