It's here, it's time.  Ladies, gentlemen, and lemon writers whose works 
are currently in use in torture chambers, I am, in some strange way, PROUD to 
present the first season finale of the Anime Star MSTs. Even in this I own 
only me, the Anime Star, and several attacks you might see. (Also, as far as I 
know, Jok doesn't stand for anything.) Zeall/Megiddo was jointly created by me 
and AJ Yeary. Chewy and his crew are either his property or that of their 
creator (Although in Yohko's case I'm not sure which) and are used with his 
permission. So without further ado . . . 

Anime Star MSTs #13
The Season Finale
"An Ending and a Beginning"
By Turbo Magnus

"We are gathered here today to join these two, Jay Magnus, Prince of the 
planet Zeon and Captain of the Anime Star, and Relena Darlien, Princess of the 
Sank Kingdom, in holy matrimony. If there is anyone in this room can give 
cause to why these two may not be wed, speak now or forever hold their peace." 
Chewy, who was preforming the long-awaited ceremony began, "No one has any 
objections?" He looked at the young man standing to Jay's left, Zechs Merquise 
and Jay had had their problems, but they had been sorted out.

Suddenly, a holo flashed into existence in front of Chewy, "Turbo, you 
gotta help me, I'm free, but just for a moment, he's after you! He's coming 
aft--" The transmission was suddenly cut off...

Jay didn't allow Chewy to finish, but instead turned to the assembled 
friends, family, and crewmates. Before he spoke he glanced at Relena, who 
nodded. "Everyone, we're truly sorry, but the wedding has been postponed until 
a matter has been cleared up. AniMSTers, briefing room, now."

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

The briefing room was simply arrayed. A picture of a supernova at one 
end, the door to the theater on one side, the door out on the other, and a 
large monitor and console at the second end. In the center of all this was a 
table at which all but three AniMSTers sat, Relena was standing at the 
console, Jay was walking around the room, and Trowa was leaning against the 
outer door's frame. Jay finally stopped in front of the supernova and began to 
speak...

"It's time you learned a little about my past..."

*NARRATIVE*



Not long after I was born, my parents and I went from Zeon to visit our 
closest allies and friends, the royal family of Talji. While we were there, 
Talji was attacked. Crono, one of the retainers of the Placid clan of the 
Talji royal family was able to get me and Aries Xanthus Jr. to a shuttle and 
to Earth. He died en route. On Earth, strangely enough, me and Aries, or AJ as 
his adopted family on Earth, the Yearys, named him, were almost always 
together. Except for one period of time when I was eight, after my dad died, 
then I ran. I ran until I didn't know where I was. I would have been killed by 
a gang called the Rebel Dogs if not for the intervention of a shootfighter 
named Zeall Maxwell. Zeall took me back to my house, and not long after, 
became my teacher in the martial arts. I learned everything from him, ki 
attacks, swordsmanship, long range fighting, how to defend, how to roll with 
the punches, it was great. Then one day four years later, the Rebel Dogs were 
after me again, this time to force me to join. Zeall was with me that day, one 
of the Dogs, a guy who would later become the leader of the pack and one of my 
best friends, Brick Johanson shot at me, Zeall took the bullet and told me to 
run. I followed his orders as I had done for four years. I honestly thought he 
died. Three years after that, the Senshi no Kami, a team Kami-sama put 
together made up of AJ, the goddess Skuld, Brick, Me, and the organoid Koeing 
Wolf, were in a fight against some drug runners whose dope contained something 
from Rei Kai and the boss wanted to know how and who. We were being beaten 
back when Zeall showed up and saved our hides. For six months after, he fought 
alongside me again, but then we learned he had been possessed by one of the 
dark gods, name of Megiddo. He defeated us and conquered Earth, but not before 
Kami-sama flung me and Koeing through a portal into an alternate dimension 
where I met Relena. Zechs wasn't there at that time, some mission or other. I 
quickly fell in love with Relena, but didn't say anything. She was kind enough 
to listen to what had happened and give help. I knew I couldn't return home 
yet, so I stayed there, ever present, ever silent. Over time I was allowed to 
join the Preventers, I took the nickname Zeall had had for me because of my 
speed in following up my attacks and made it my codename, I was Preventer 
Turbo, my mobile suit was a gift from Zechs, who at the time didn't hate me, 
of course, at the time I wasn't engaged to his sister, it was an Epyon like 
his except it had been built in such a way I could attack using my ki while 
piloting it. When a portal opened two years later that led back to my home 
dimension, I, piloting the Epyon, led an army of MS and the Preventers back to 
help retake it. Zeall/Megiddo was beat back, and with Skuld and AJ's help, I 
used an attack that Kami-sama had implanted in my mind to banish him.

*NARRATIVE*

"...and now it seems that Zeall was able to break the hold over his real 
self long enough to warn me that Megiddo was back."

[[["How will this end?""In fire."]]]

Relena blinked, "A MST? Now?"

Jay closed his eyes and looked down, "He must be trying to weaken us 
before the attack."

[AniMSTers enter the theater]

HOAG(PR): Roll call!
JAY: Turbo.
RELENA: Relena Peacecraft.
TROWA: Triton Bloom.
LEENA: No other name here.


JOK(Wining): Jonathan Oliver Kenneth. *Gets strange stares* Jay-oh-kay, it 
does stand for something, I just don't like it, it makes me sound like Nigel 
Battlebone.
JAY(Thinking): Ooo, blackmail...
TOM: Nothing.
CROW: Crow The Robot.
ROME: Negative.

[Fic begins]

And now,

JAY(Chewy): Chewy Productions is pleased to present for the first time ever: 
The Ikari/Ayanami Wedding!

because I've had a bad day.

TROWA: Omae o Korosu.

Tonight's Top 10.

RELENA: Ways for your wedding to be interrupted?

1

JAY: Is the loneliest number that you'll ever do. One is the loneliest number 
next to...

2

JAY: Damn I'm good.

3

TROWA: Hai?

4
5
6
7
8
9
TOP TEN!!



Tonight's Top 10, is;
THE TOP TEN "WORST CASE SCENARIOS" FOR TENCHI MUYO.

FEMALES: Oh...
MALES: ...Shit.

10. The strange love triangle of Yugi, Dr. Clay, and Seriyou.

ALL: *Spew*

9. Cyraqs vs. Misa:  The Lemon.

ALL: *Mega-Spew*

8. Yaoi Lemon featuring Tenchi with his grandfather.

JAY(Fighting to hold it.): Alienboy52 actually wrote that... (Loses it)
ALL: *Giga-Spew*

7. Tank Cop is the only person allowed to make Tenchi Muyo fics.

ALL: KAMI-SAMA ABOVE, NOOOOOO!!!
KAMI-SAMA(Heaven, Booming voice): HE WILL NEVER BE ALLOWED NEAR A COMPUTER 
AGAIN.
JAY: I wonder just what happened to ole T.C. downstairs...

*HELL*
In one of the fire lakes, Tank Cop and Hitler are talking.

"I'm just glad to have someone else getting pineapples up their ass."

*ANIME STAR*

RELENA: We did not need to know that...

6. Tenchi on a Plate of Sashimi 2.

ALL: *Tetra-Spew*

5. TENCHI(wearing Ayeka's S&M outfit):  OH-HO-HO-HO-HO-HO-HO!!!!



TOM(Tenchi as Kodachi, interrupting Aeka and Serio's wedding): I object, for 
Aeka shall not marry this peon in this worthless ceremony, I shall wed her in 
one far grander.
OTHERS: Shut up, Tom.

4. Tenchi Gay?! 2.

RYOKO/AEKA(Both Voice over): HE IS NOT!

3. Sasami Does Dallas.

LEENA: Who shot M.K.?
JAY: Mortal Kombat?
LEENA: NO! Mihoshi Koemitsu!

2. Peter Suzuki decides to go through his rejected fan fic ideas, and write 
them anyway.

CROW: PLEASE DO!
ROUGA FUUFUU KEN!
WHAM! WHAM! WHAM!
*SMACK!*
ZZZAP!


And the number ONE "Worst Case Scenario" for Tenchi Muyo,
1. The assimilation between Tsunami and Sasami requires a graphically detailed 
Lemon scene.

JAY: That's been done too...

The series "Tenchi Muyo" is owned by Pioneer LDC, AIC, and the original 
creators.  The other fan fiction series/characters/writers mentioned in this 
top ten list are owned by their respective creators.

ALL: DAMN YOU TANK COP'S PARENTS!

AUTHOR'S NOTES:
I decided to write this after I had a REALLY bad day.  

RELENA: Last time I had a bad day, a barren planet suffered.
*Sounds of the reader's sweatdrop are heard*
JAY: It's my fault, I taught her most of my attacks, including Starwave.



I pray that none of these things mentioned here are actually made (I can 
assure you that number 2 will NEVER happen, although I may post up the list 
itself one day, if anyone asks.), 

CROW: I'm asking!

and that all of you reading this will heed this warning; Nothing good would 
ever come from these listed things coming true.  Thank you, and good night!
Peter Suzuki.

HOAG(PR): No time for opinions, a second fic is coming in.
JAY: Data?
HOAG(PR): Let's just say I reinforced the Structural Integrity field in the 
theater.
JAY: Shit.

[Fic 2 Begins]

Aggressions 
- Gundam Wing 

JAY(Ki field manifesting in the form of his Zeojin form.): I'm beginning to 
understand why Hoag reinforced the SI Field...

((Authors Notes: This is my first lemon ever, so please be kind. I'd love to 
hear what you think of it. Drop me a line at: Trista_@hotmail.com)) 

Heero sighed. His Gundam was in need of repairs, and he was tired of pointless 
fighting. 

TROWA: Bull.

A feeling of rage boiled inside of him as he drove down the street, trying to 
clear his mind. He stopped in front of a large estate, his eyes narrowing. 

"Releena.." 

JAY(Beginning to revert to Zeojin form, Ki field even stronger): Oh Hell no, 
he better fucking not.
ROME: Jay swore.
LEENA: Blast bunker!
*Everyone except Relena, Trowa, Crow, and Jay retreats to a small reinforced 
bunker in the back of the theater.*

He growled, his eyes traveling to her window. She knew he was a Gundam pilot, 
and he was ordered to destroy all those who knew his secret. He had been given 
chances in the past, but he hadn't succeeded in that mission yet. He parked 
the ambulance he had stolen, hopping out of it. He went up to the large gate, 
climbing over it easily. He wanted to release some aggression, and she was 
close-by. She would have to do. 



JAY(As far as he'll go to Zeojin with wings and claws. Ki blazing): YOU. HAD. 
BEST. NOT.

Heero made his way into the house, careful not to set off any alarms and 
stalked slowly down the halls. He vaulted up a stair-case, taking two steps at 
a time, and paused at the girls door, testing the knob. Unlocked. Heero 
smirked.

TROWA: Heero is like me, a soldier, not evil. 

Heero turned the handle of the door, entering the room and shutting it behind 
him- making sure it was locked. 

RELENA(Getting angry): Good, leave yourself no place to go...

He approached the girls bed, looking down at her as she slept. He licked his 
lips, his eyes traveling over Releena's uncovered body. So, she slept in 
nothing but a bra and didn't leave the door locked? 

CROW: (Looks at Relena)
RELENA(Also emitting a ki field, a modest one, but not bad for a beginner): No 
I don't!
JAY(Mad, but smiling a little): That's a sight I won't be sad to see soon. 
*Relena blushes at the compliment. AND YES IT IS A COMPLIMENT!*

"Slut." 

JAY(The dam has officially broken, in other words: Calm of Impending Death, 
Destruction, and High School Sophmoreship): What did you just call Relena-
chan?

Heero mumbled, climbing onto the bed and straddling the girl. He looked down 
at her face as her eyes fluttered open, shoving his mouth down on hers before 
she could say a word.

RELENA: That word would have been calling the guards.

 Releena let out a muffled sound of protest, but didn't make a move to attempt 
to push Heero off of her. 

RELENA: No, I'd be introducing his 'little friend' to my kneecap.

Part of her knew who it was, and that same part wanted this. Heero shoved his 
tongue into Releena's mouth, his hands traveling down to remove his black 
shorts. He slipped them off, along with his boxers, tossing them aside. He 
moved away from Releena for a moment, ripping off his shirt. 

ALL: EW! HAIRY CHEST ALERT!



"Heero?" Releena asked, her voice barely above a whisper. 

TOM: How could she be speaking if his tounge is in her mouth?

Heero responded with nothing more than a mumble, ripping her bra off. 

JOK: Are you kidding? Most males couldn't get one of those off with one of 
Jay's Buster Swords.

Releena let out a startled gasp, opening her mouth to speak again, but found 
Heero's lips pressed firmly against hers again. She played her tongue against 
his as it found its way into her mouth

RELENA: More like I'd bite it off.
JAY: Have you been reading Silence of The Lambs?

 again, her body responding to his almost instantly as he began to roughly 
fondle her breasts. A small moan escaped her as she felt Heero align himself 
to her, the tip of his dick pressing against
her pussy. 

CROW: Leave her cat alone!

Heero smirked once more- she wanted this, did she?

RELENA: No.

 Heero growled deep in his throat, shoving his length into Releena until he 
made contact with a restricting boundary. He pulled away from Releena, glaring 
down at her. 

"Virgin?" 

RELENA(So loud the room shakes): YES!!!!

He asked simply, pulling away and preparing to break the boundary with his 
next thrust. Releena nodded, then almost screamed as she felt Heero shove 
himself into her again, breaking the small muscle. Heero covered her mouth 
with his hand as he began to pick up speed and motion,

JAY: Yuy, when I get ahold of you, you'll be thinking speed and motion, as in 
trying to get away before I cut your heart out with the BACK SIDE of my 
katana.

 groaning at the feeling of her inner muscles tightening and relaxing around 
him. She was soft, silky, and wet- it felt so good. 

Releena's back arched further with each thrust Heero made inside of her, her 
body moving to his own motion- developing a rhythm with him as he pounded her 
deeper, faster, and harder with each thrust. 



TROWA: Parry, block, lunge, retreat, thrust.

Releena scratched her nails down Heero's back, her body tightening and 
tingling as a feeling welled up inside of her. 

RELENA(Charging ki): That feeling being the ki for a Wind Wolf's Sword.

She moaned loudly, accompanying Heero's grunting. Heero let out a loud groan 
as he thrust himself inside of Releena one last time, almost crying out as he 
came deep inside of her. The warm feeling that was filling Releena up pushed 
her over the edge, causing her to cry out as well, almost shouting his name. 

TROWA: Followed by the word 'die.'

Heero felt so weak, like all of his energy had been tapped. As Releena 
collapsed onto the bed, he fell on top of her, breathing heavily. He looked 
down at her, smirking at the smile traced across her lips as her eyes closed. 

RELENA: For unbeknownst to Heero, 50 EAF troops were outside my door.

Releena's eyes opened slowly, the sun filtering through her window. She 
blinked, sitting up in bed, then crawling out and walking over to the window, 
gazing out of it. 

"It was a dream¬" Releena whispered to herself, walking back over to her bed. 
She blinked at the tiny red stain on her white sheets, gasping. "Or was it?"

LEENA: Nightmare.

 ______________________________________________________ 
Get Your Private, Free Email at http://www.hotmail.com 

*The AniMSTers who hid creep out again.*
JAY: When I'm through with Megiddo, I'm coming after YOU!
HOAG(PR): I was able to cut the feed, but one last fic still got through.
RELENA: Show it, I'd say we're all about pissed off enough for it to just make 
things worse... 
for Megiddo.

[Fic 3 Begins]

Disclaimer: This a very graphic lemon fan fic from a fairly sick mind. I do 
not claim responsibility for any listed charecters, so here I go.

The Revenge of the lemon writer aka MST THIS!!



LEENA: We are, just beware the revenge of the AniMSTers

It started out a normal day in the masaki household but as tenchi awoke and 
walked around the house, he saw that he was the only one there. he walked by 
the

TOM: Warning, total absence of grammar detected.

princesses room, knocked on the door, and had it opened slightly, when a hand 
pulled him inside, and a needle went into his arm, 

JOK(Pokemon trainer): Beedrill, poison sting!

knocking him out when he awoke, he was wearing only his boxers, and had an 
erection that could pop a rhino

CROW: 's eye out.
*Assorted sounds of pain being inflicted on Crow*
LEENA: NO REFERENCES TO TENCHI ON A PLATE OF SASHIMI!
JAY: Did you people actually confuse Sashimi and Sushi?

. when he awoke he saw sasami, of all people staring at him. 

JAY(Sasami): Tenchi, why do you just have a head and a penis? What happened to 
your body? *Other AniMSTers turn green*
ROME: That is... wrong.

"Aeka, he woke up!", she said, almost in a cheerful tone. when he went to 
speak, he noticed he was gagged. 

TOM: On Aeka's cooking.

when he swa aeka leaning over him, he noticed she was wearing a dominatrix 
outfit with a whip in hand, and a pait of crochless panties.

CROW: What do you know? She is a natural violet.

 he noticed sasami was wearing the same! 

JAY: No Rome, THAT is... wrong.

as he stared in horror, Aeka took his boxers off through the rip she had made 
and took his cock

JAY(Double D): My god Ed, give it some air man!
TOM(Ed): But I like chickens Double D.



 into her mouth, caressing it slowly, moving it more and more vigoresly tenchi 
felt like he was going to explode, and finally, did. 

JOK: Oh well, it's over, let's go fight the dark god... What the hell am I 
saying? I had a hard enough time when the Bioborg Handlers went up against 
Rosebud!

amazingly, he was instantly hard again. 

JAY: Ok, who stole my scroll on how to use the Blaster attack?

" a side effect of the ingection" sasami whispered in his ear. no sooner, 
sasami climbed onto the bed and positioned herself over his throbbing member. 

*Jay uses a Blind spell on the entire team*
JAY: Better than watching the lemon scene.

teasing him, she put his cock around her lips until finnaly sliding it in. 
sasamis wet and tight pussy felt so good as she rode him to their dual
climax. sasami dripped here juice all over him, and then removed his gag. 
tenchi did not contest, and wanted more, another side effect of the injection. 
as he wondered why sasami didnt pop like a baloon, aeka explained that 
juraians don't have hymens. 

CROW: I wonder if that's true...
TOM: I wonder how you can explain something with speaking...

lowering he pussy to his lips , aeka started to recive a toung lashing while 
sasami, barely able to fit it in her mouth started blowing him. after everyone 
climaxed aeka untied the bonds, thinking that enough adrenaline had activated 
the formula. then, tenchi started to drive into her like a piston,

JAY: V12 engine.

 rubbing her clit with his dick in and out until they both climaxed and lie in 
a heap of bodies. Tenchi then found himself in bed awoken at the same time 
that he normally woke up. as he went into the kitchen, he noticed that sasami 
had an awfully wide grin on her face...

*Jay uses DeSpell on everyone*
RELENA: A smile reaching around her entire head.

Finally, I have time to write a good fic. 

TROWA: Then why did you write this?

send any ideas for part 2 to me, and ill give you credit!

[Fics end! Thank you Kami-sama!]


JAY: I have a feeling I'm gonna be work for the Society for a couple hours 
after I beat the snot out of Meggido.
RELENA: You're confident, are you sure you should be?
JAY: I'm tired of this Relena. Tired of almost nothing but bad fics. Tired of 
peaceful moments being shattered. Tired of not being able to be with you. And 
I'm mad our wedding was interrupted, so I will win.

[AniMSTers exit theater.]

The AniMSTers exited the theater to find their mad lounging in a chair 
in the briefing room. Jay was the first to speak, "ZEALL!"

The being just smirked, "No, Zeall is dead," he began to glow and when 
the unholy light faded a Fallen Angel stood there, "Megiddo, The Omega God, is 
all that remains."

Jay knew that the time of which he had been warned had came. He 
shrugged off his vest and pulled his shirt off. He then undid his bandanna 
gauntlets and let them drop, he did the same to the strip of cloth that was 
holding his samurai ponytail at the base of his skull. Unencumbered, he 
assumed a stance of challenge, spreading his wings in a manner that showed 
this was between light and dark, shadow and star, him and the evil before him. 
Megiddo responded by taking a hovering position that showed he believed Jay's 
posturing to be idle threats. Jay responded by launching a Rouga Fuufuu Ken at 
Megiddo's right wing. The Fallen Angel responded with a Kamehameha Wave, 
prompting Jay to counter with the more powerful Dodon. It was easily blocked, 
but that had been planned, it was quickly followed through with Jay's personal 
Strike Spirit Fist. The Strike Spirit Fist began with Jay charging at Megiddo 
right after he launched the Dodon. His fists were in swinging position and 
they began to glow gold. When he was in range, Jay swung catching Megiddo off 
guard and landing his punch on the side of Megiddo's face with such force that 
the jaw and cheekbone of any human would have been broken. The follow through 
 took Jay past Megiddo and spinning around to face him.

"So... you truly have grown in power. I cannot defeat you here, you 
will soon fall." Megiddo fired an Aurora Wave at Jay which in his ki depleted 
state could kill him when a flash of St. Gabriel uniform and brown hair placed 
itself in front of Jay and took the attack for him as Megiddo faded away.

"RELENA!!!!" Jay ran to where the woman he loved, his Imazdi, his 
beloved, the first person he loved with his soul, had fallen and took her in 
his arms.

Relena's words forced themselves out painfully from her dying body, 
"Guess... your self-sacrificial streak... rubbed off... Imzadi."

With that, Relena Peacecraft, Princess of the Sank Kingdom, and Relena 
Darlien, the daughter of a Vice Foreign Minster, died. The one who loved her 
and she loved in return's voice echoed out across the stars, "NOOOOOOOO!!!! I 
swear Megiddo, I will kill you even if I have to die too!"



A memory of a time not too long ago, a time when someone he trusted 
had said something to him he hated, "To protect all, you must do that you most 
fear."

Jay's thoughts turned back to the future, "Lose my humanity..."

"God of time and tide, give me your power!
Shimmering life-light, be a tower of power,
Open the doors to where power lives,
Disaster cries out to destroy all.
Destiny lies in my hands,
The time has come...
Insanos, I, a son of your body
Call upon your power and spirit,
Assist me in vanquishing
The evil of all evils!"

Jay was engulfed in a holy light, and slowly became more Zeo-jin than 
ever. His wings became prominent and clawed. He grew horns and a tail, the 
claws on his fingers sharpened, his teeth became fangs, "Jay Magnus is no 
more. Now Megiddo, you face Jy'mg'ns, the Son of Insanos. The last face you 
will ever see. Have at you!" A flash of light took Jy away from the briefing 
room...

Rome, the scientific, analytical one has no idea what had just 
happened, "What IS he?"

Trowa responded with his characteristic nonemotion, "Pissed."

Hoag nodded in agreement, "Seriously pissed."

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

Jy and Megiddo faced off on the Anime Star's hull. Jy was the first to 
break the staredown, "You killed Relena. Not smart, now I am very put off. 
DODON!"

Megiddo dodged the attack easily, "You will soon join her, Son of 
Insanos, you cannot harm me with your old tricks."

"You first. Zeall was a fighter and a gambler, and he taught me 
something that applied to both: Keep an ace in the hole. SUPER DODON PA!"

Even with his ability and speed, Megiddo was unable to dodge the arm 
blast that was fired at him and was fueled by pure rage and hatred. He took 
the blast and staggered, then teleported away, followed quickly by Jy. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------



Exeter City was rocked by the force of the two titans' battle.

"Rei Kou Dan!"

  	Megiddo began to wonder how this weakling was able to be winning when 
the Spirit Light Bullet struck him. He teleported off, trying to buy himself 
time to regain his strength.

"Stop running coward!" Jy teleported after him.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

The clashing of the two shook even Heaven itself, Kami and Megami ran 
for cover as the two warred against one another.

"FALL! Ja Ou En Satsu Ken!" Jy's usage of the Evil King Fire Killing 
Attack stunned even the onlookers. Only one other person, the demon Hiei, had 
been able to master it. Even that powerful attack did not defeat Megiddo, but 
it succeeded in forcing him to retreat one last time, to the place it would 
all be settled.

"I will see you DEAD!" The oath was heard by Kami-Sama himself, but by 
that time, Jy was gone...

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

The Cave of Destiny was never entered, it was considered a shrine to 
Insanos. Now it was to be a battlefield between his descendant and the 
ultimate dark god. Megiddo himself was cowering on the ground, "Mercy, God of 
Zeon, Mercy, I beg of you!"

Jy allowed his ki to flow and focus into a powerful sword form, "How 
many people did you refuse mercy to? Hundreds? Thousands? Millions? Why should 
I give mercy to one?"

"Fool, it seems Zeall forgot to instruct you on BLUFFING! Dios 
Destructo!"

The attack known to many as 'God Killer' sent Jy to the brink of death 
in an instant, "I must survive, if only for Relena's memory..."

Suddenly he was encased in a glowing light.

"No! It can't be! The Creation Matrix!?"



The light faded from him and Jy looked older, wiser, and stronger. 
Embedded in his chest was an orange case which enclosed the power to create 
and destroy all life. The life of a million worlds. The life of a hundred 
universes. The Turbostar Jy wore as leader of Zeon had become part of the 
Matrix, they were one, they were the Creation Star.

When Jy spoke it was with a voice that could make grown men tremble at 
it's calmest, and he was not calm, "It ends."

The Creation Star responded to his command and flew away from him, 
without a trace left behind, and floated in front of him. Jy reached forward 
and took the handles of the Matrix and pulled it asunder. The Turbostar split 
into eight pieces, the points swirled around the core of the Matrix and 
stopped in the six directions, the two center diamonds hovering in front of 
the forward point. Jy placed the halves of the casing on each side of the rear 
point and began to speak...

"Power of light,
Power of life.
Power of shadow,
Power of death.
Weapon of creation,
Weapon of destruction.
Matrix of good,
Star of evil,
Shine the light of
hope and doom.
MATRIX CANNON!"

The energy of a million worlds focused and fired at Megiddo, wiping 
him out once and for all. Jy allowed himself to flow away into his human form 
and reached into the Matrix, grabbing one of the spirits, trusting his love to 
steer him right. Holding the spirit in his cupped hands, Jay willed the Matrix 
to return to it's resting state in the cave and for the Turbostar to remain 
with it until l he call upon the Creation Star again. But before it settled, 
he made one last request...

On the Anime Star, much to everyone's amazement and confusion, 
Relena's body slowly faded away...

Only to reappear in the Cave of Destiny, Jay placed the soul over her 
chest and let it sink in.

Relena's eyes fluttered and her chest began to slowly rise and fall, 
"Jay...?"

The warrior, MST Captain, prince, whatever title you wanted to use, 
shed tears as he helped her up and held her close, "I'm here, Relena, I'm 
here."

Relena shivered, "I died?"


Jay held her closer, letting the tears flow freely, "Yes, but you're 
alive now."

Relena basked in the closeness and wrapped her arms around Jay, just 
to make sure it wasn't all a dream, "I want to go home."

The soft brown of Relena's eyes met the starry silver of Jay's as he 
spoke, "I understand, I feel the same way."

The two of them began glowing as Jay teleported them away, leaving the 
past behind.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

The return of the duo to the Anime Star brought gasps of amazement. Of 
course, whether that was because Relena was alive or because the two of them 
were floating in mid-air without help no one knows.

The unflappable Trowa was the first to speak, "Relena, we thought you 
were dead."

"I was, I feel better now though." Came Relena's response, eliciting 
groans from all but her, Tom, and Jay.

"Guess my self-sacrificial streak isn't all that rubbed off on you." 
Jay sighed.

Relena nodded with a little smirk, "Maybe, but right now the only 
thing I want to do is take a nap, then get back to where we left off."

Jay had an exact copy of Relena's smile, "Right now, I'm just glad you're 
alive, my wife or not."

No one else quite understood why they were smiling. Finally, two weeks 
afterwards Rome asked Jay. His response was cryptic, simple, and 
Shakespearian.

"This day is called the feast of Crispian:
He that outlives this day, and comes safe home,
Will stand a tip-toe when the day is named,
And rouse him at the name of Crispian.
He that shall live this day, and see old age,
Will yearly on the vigil feast his neighbours,
And say 'To-morrow is Saint Crispian:'
Then will he strip his sleeve and show his scars.


And say 'These wounds I had on Crispin's day.'
Old men forget: yet all shall be forgot,
But he'll remember with advantages
What feats he did that day: then shall our names.
Familiar in his mouth as household words
Harry the king, Bedford and Exeter,
Warwick and Talbot, Salisbury and Gloucester,
Be in their flowing cups freshly remember'd.
This story shall the good man teach his son;
And Crispin Crispian shall ne'er go by,
From this day to the ending of the world,
But we in it shall be remember'd;
We few, we happy few, we band of brothers;
For he to-day that sheds his blood with me
Shall be my brother; be he ne'er so vile,
This day shall gentle his condition:
And gentlemen in England now a-bed
Shall think themselves accursed they were not here,
And hold their manhoods cheap whiles any speaks
That fought with us upon Saint Crispin's day. -- Henry the Fifth, act four, 
scene three."

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------
That's it, that's that! It's done! The first season of Anime Star Mystery 
Science Theater has ENDED! Tune in in a month of so (After I finish my break 
from MSTing) for the next season for more MSTs, hijinxs, adventures, and the 
wedding of the century! In case you're wondering what Jay meant by the 
Shakespeare quote, that was his way of saying that it was something that 
couldn't be told, but you had to had been there. Comments, criticisms, and 
requests for me to sponsor soft drinks, foods, and music to 
turbomagnus@excite.com
