Besides Jay Magnus and the Anime Star, nothing used in this story is my
property. I’m not paying to use the characters, nor making money from them.
The idea of a training scenario at the beginning was something I came up
with while reading X-Wing #6 Iron Fist. *A life-sized stuffed toy Ewok in
Rebel Alliance pilot garb appears out of nowhere. The Author plucks a note
out of its pocket. * [Lieutenant Kettch, reporting for duty, sir. Yub, yub
Author-boy!] Hmmm... I think I’ll put this to use. *Sends Lt. Kettch to the
Anime Star. *

Anime Star MSTs #11
By: Turbo Magnus

“Wraith to Sniper, target is heading your way.”

“Roger, Wraith. Cyber, do you see him?”

“Affirmative. Glitch?”

“Plain as an unmarked police car.”

The other three sighed, then Wraith spoke, “Focus, Glitch. Mess this up
and-”

Sniper interrupted, “Wraith, target is within range, shoot or no sho-”

Sniper was cut off by a burst of laser fire. The enemy known only as Turbo
ducked back into the night.

“Turbo to Venus, scratch one.”

On the other end of the comlink, Venus was watching Cyber, waiting for her
to make a wrong move. Venus signaled for Raven and Ozma to distract the
other team’s tech. Which is what they did if you could consider running
(Hovering in Ozma’s case) up to her and pulling her shirt open. Venus had to
stifle a giggle so she could draw a bead on Cyber, but the whine of a phaser
by her head stopped her from firing. She turned in time to see Glitch fall
from Turbo’s blast.

“Watch it, love.”

Venus nodded and the two dashed off to save Cyber from the perverted Raven.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

An hour later, Jay “Turbo” Magnus was clutching his ears in pain. On the
Kendra Spencer, Chewy complained of hearing loss. On the Thunderclap 8,
Scimitar was actually afraid. On the Brian Drummond, Zechs’ mask broke in
two. The cause of all these problems was simple, a collective scream of
“JOK, YOU DID IT AGAIN!!!” from the entire female contingent of MSTers on
every ship, Syndicate connected or not. It started because Relena “Venus”
Darlien and Jay were checking the ship’s Email when a message from Byooki
Desu, the author of Mayuka Gets It, came in stating that Jok’s comment in
their seventh MST had given her the idea for a story where Tenchi DOES get
Mayuka pregnant. Not to say that many male MSTers and Society Agents weren’t
also out to kill him as the girls were.

“TADSWORTH! GET BACK HERE SO I CAN HURT YOU REALLY BAD!!!”

Jay ducked to avoid Leena “Sniper” Tauros’ swinging mallet, then crawled to
a com station. Opening a channel to Zeall Maxwell, Jay said something he
never thought he would, “ZEALL, PLEASE, SEND US A FIC!!!”

“But why? It’s such fun seeing you tortured by such an angry mob.”

“If you don’t, I’ll tell the ladies that you sent those fics and thus caused
that comment.”

The evil pretty boy was taken aback, “You wouldn’t!”

Jay just smirked.

“You couldn’t!”

Jay’s smile just widened.

“You could and would.”

“Yep!”

“Sometimes I wonder why I was chosen by Megiddo when you’re the evil one.”

“Evil, no. Sadistic, yes. Crazy, definitely.”

[[[”What do you think I’m gonna do? I’m gonna save the fucking day.”]]]

“Yo! Yohko! Stop trying to castrate my MSTer!”

Chewy’s wife dropped Jok, who ran over to join Jay, “Thanks.”

“Don’t thank me yet, after this I’m going to disguise you as Happosai and
drop you off on a barren planet so they can kill you.”

“WHAT!?!”

“Kidding... Maybe.”

[Door Sequence]
Door 1: The Death Star trench. They strafe it in Y-Wings.

Door 2: Mandalia Plains, they fly over, blasting the Death Corps.

Door 3: The plains below Olympus Mons, Mars. They skim over them.

Door 4: Outside the Kendra Spencer, Jay breaks off and buzzes the bridge.

Door 5: The Anime Star’s docking bay, they exit the Y-Wings and enter the
theater.

HOAG(PR): ROLL CALL!
JAY: Most definitely crazy.
RELENA: Jay, could I borrow your Cybermantium Mallet? *Jay reaches behind
his back and pulls out a metal mallet with the Turbostar on one end of the
head, encircled by the words ‘Have a nice day!’ and hands it to Relena.*
Thanks. *Mallets Jok.*
JOK(Pancake mode on.): Ow.
TOM: You had it coming.
CROW: I don’t know, I thought it was a good idea.
LEENA(Introducing Crow to HER mallet): No, it wasn’t.
TROWA: Wraith.
ROME: Cyber.

[Fic one starts]

No Need For a Slumber Party

JAY(Rubbing hands together): Oh, goody-goody!
TROWA: What?
JAY(Half to Trowa, half to Weber-san): It’s hard for a fic to drive you what
you already are...

A silly x-over By Bryan Weber and Glyph Bellchime

RELENA: Yet another engaged couple of MSTers.

Disclaimer: With the exception of Glyph Bellchime and Bryan Weber, all of
the characters appearing within, or at least certain species such as
changeling and cybertronian,

JAY: (Transforms to Turbo)
TURBO: You rang for a Cybertronian? (Transforms back)
LEENA: That REALLY creeps me out!
RELENA(Unfazed): Just be glad he prefers his G1 Autobot form to his Beast
Wars or RiD forms when he does that.

are the property of their respective owners and are used without permission.
Please don't sue us. It's all in fun and humor, and we aren't making any
money on this.

Ryoga noticed that Akane was packing a bag for over night.

JOK(Ryoga): Tell me again why you’re going on a weekend long date with Kuno.
*From out of nowhere a mallet comes flying at Jok.*

Well, rather P-chan was, sitting on her bed. The little pig eyes could just
barely discern the smooth envelope on the bedclothes. It definitely smelled
funny though.

CROW: He just didn’t understand why it smelled like Akane’s crotch...
*A second mallet hits Crow.*
JAY(To thin air): Now cut that out, Akane!

"You about ready?" the female voice of Ranma drifted down the hall. P-chan
growled, but said nothing. Akane was going on a trip, and Ranma was coming
along, but why was he staying in his girl form?

TROWA: He had lost the ability to change back.
JAY: He was trying to understand girls by spending time as one.
CROW: So he and Akane could have hot lesbian sex.
ROUGA FUUFUU KEN! (Jay)
MOKO TAKABISHA! (Ranma)
WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! (Leena, Relena, and Akane)
*SMACK**SMACK* (Rome and Trowa)
HOAG(PR): Ey, boss, how did Akane and Ranma attack him?
JAY: Creative license.

"Now, you promised that--" Akane started.
"Yeah, yeah, I know, no HOT water this weekend. Jeez, I got invited too, so
they do know about that."
P-chan stared. Ranma was invited as a girl?

*Males snicker.*

Ryoga about giggled, if a pig could. But what was that about? So he decided
to try and come along.
"No, P-chan, you have to stay here," Akane picked the little black pig up
and out of the suitcase. "I still don't get why they invited YOU and Ukyo as
well."
"It's a party, that's all I know, and our parents are definitely NOT going
to be there."

TROWA: Deaths begin this way.

"At least, it's still going to be chaperoned, right?"
"Duh, You think I'd being going to it if it wasn't--I deal with too many
girls as it is--"

Speaking of having too many girls to deal with, Tenchi Masaki was looking
forward to the upcoming weekend. For once, he'd get the whole house to
himself.

CROW(Tenchi): Now I can look at my Mana and Maya Hentai without worrying
about the girls!
*A note appear in Jay’s hands.*
JAY(Reading): Jay, tell Crow he will pay for that, signed Chewy. Oh, he
will, MOKO TAKABISHA!
*Jay uses Ranma’s attack on Crow*
ROME: How-?
JAY: -Did I do that? I’m one of a few people in my home dimension that only
need to see something done once for them to know how to do it. AJ Yeary and
‘Brick’ Johanson are a couple others.
TOM: Couldn’t Rando also do that?
JAY: Yeah.

"So you got invited to a slumber party?" Tenchi asked Sasami.
"Uh-huh. Ryoko, Washuu, and Ayeka got invited too. It's just us girls,
Tenchi. Sorry."
"That's alright, Sasami," Tenchi said, trying not to show his enthusiasm.

TROWA: And failing, thus leading to brutal beatings from Washuu, Ayeka, and
Ryoko.
ROME: You are exceptionally dark today.

One whole weekend without Ryoko and Ayeka fighting over him. One whole
weekend where Washuu didn't try to...experiment...on him. Sure, he'd miss
them, but he felt he deserved a break. Even Mihoshi was going to be on
patrol, so he was free and clear.
"So who's chaperoning this thing, anyway?" Tenchi asked.
"A friend of Ryoko's and Washuu's named Glyph."

RELENA(Sasami as James Bond): “...Hiero Glyph.”

Bryan Weber turned on the dimensional oscillator, and then stepped into the
transporter, "Now remember, Ryoko, Rei, I want this ship to be in one piece
when I get back. Glyph, Ukyo, Washuu, make sure they don't mess up the ship,
please. I'll keep your crew in line as well. Hey! Vegeta! Zechs! You two
ready yet?"
Vegeta walked into the room carrying a duffel bag, "Why do we have to leave
OUR ship?" "Because the Brian Drummond is the only place big enough to hold
a slumber party this size,

SCOTTY(Miffed, over com system): The Anime Star is just as big as the
Drummond!
JAY: Calm down, Scotty.
ROME: Bigger I think...

and it's girls only, so we get to go cruising in the JEDRI. Glyph put me in
temporary command, and she has control of this ship for the time being."
Zechs Merquise came strolling into the transporter room, "I had to finish
installing the Club on Epyon. Didn't want to take any chances, you know."

JAY(Amused): What? Don’t have a Pilot Recognition program on your Epyon like
I do on mine?
RELENA: Jay, don’t go picking fights with Zechs...
JAY: Yes, Relena.
RELENA: AFTER we’re married and he’s your brother-in-law you can.

Rei signaled that the transporter was ready, and beamed the male crew of the
Brian Drummond over to the JEDRI. She then activated the connection between
the dimensional oscillator and the transporter. As soon as this was done,
Asuka Langley Sohryu appeared on the platform.
"It's about time!" She fumed.

Shinji Ikari, Tenchi Masaki, and P-chan were quite surprised to find
themselves on the transporter pads of the JEDRI.

JOK: Where DID that name come from?

"Heh. Ok, boys. You're free this weekend, so it's Guy's Night Out.

TOM: I’ll get the paints.
LEENA: What for?
TOM: To paint the town red, of course!

Zechs, bring P-chan some hot water, will you? Hey, Vegeta, you got the
signal yet?"
Vegeta nodded, "Cypher called it in already. I'm collecting the cash from
everyone now."
"Cash?" Tenchi asked.

CROW(Vegeta): Fool, how else are we going to hire the stripper?
TOM: I want to be there when Vegeta kicks your ass for that.

"$5.00, or 400 yen," Vegeta said, "Your share for the pay-per-view. We're
also taking bets on who will win the match. My money's on Kurt Angle."

JAY: Sergeant Slaughter would’ve kicked his fake-patriotic ass if it hadn’t
been a
*&%*(?$*(#&%#^%#&^%#&%*%#^#(&^#%(*^%?(%#^%#&^%*#%#^%^*#&@^#%^%*&$#^%*^@($*)^@#%*&@^
scripted fight!!!
OTHERS: (Sweatdrop)
HOAG(PR): Thus we discover that the boss is a closet wrestling fan. -_-

"Loser," Cypher smiled, "I'm betting on Triple H, man."
"Hey, I don't care as long as it's a good show," REBB barked up. Tenchi gave
a groan-but finally broke into a smile.
"Don't forget pizza," Pathos said.
"Glyph is gonna be pissed if we leave a mess," Andrew sighed.
"Got it covered," Bryan said, "We'll use the transporter as a recycler, and
dematerialize the trash.

TOM: Wouldn’t usage of Transporter Code 14 make more sense?

Ok, who's up for a round of 5-card stud?

JAY: Only with nothing wild and the sky as the limit.

And REBB, no hiding cards in subspace."
"Jeez. No respect, that's what I get."

TOM(Jabberjaw): No respect! No respect at all!
JAY(Rodney Dangerfield as Lucifer): Even as ruler of hell I get no respect!

"I just know they're messing up my ship," Glyph said, sitting in the command
chair of the Drummond. -how come this is so much bigger than MY chair?

CROW(Taunting baseman): Bryan’s got a big butt!
ROME: I’m not going to rebuild you when they dismantle you.

- --Waita minute, I don't wanna know the answer to that-bad joke in
progress.- But then I do have a bit of a mess in my room. Good, I hope they
don't brake the seal.

JAY(Checking his materia): Nope, still got my Destruct materia, and it
hasn’t gained AP or been mastered.

"Forget it," Ryoko said, breaking Glyph's train of thought. "Rei's finished
beaming everyone aboard. Sasami and that Skuld kid are playing in the rec
room, and we're finding rooms for Belldandy, Ayeka, Urd, Lain, Asuka, Ukyo,
Akane, Ranma, and Washuu. Rei and I have rooms already. So, what are we
doing for food?"

ALL(Pleading): FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, LET BELLDANDY, UKYO, AND SASAMI DO THE
COOKING!!!

"Let's see, we got at least two who can cook." Then Glyph remembered, "Hey,
get the replicator going on some snacks, then get to the meal stuff, later.
Anyway, get everyone to meet in the main theater-I'll get some volunteers
for the food, then we'll be ready for the fun."
Then she got "on the phone" to the local grocers...

There was a light yelp from a nearby room, then Ryoga peeked out from behind
a door. He seemed to be hiding from his shoulders down. He still had his
bandanna around his neck.

JAY(Holding up his arms to show his bandanna gauntlets): Mine are either on
my arms or hands depending on whether I’m defending or attacking..

"Uh, excuse me, gotta problem." The other guys looked up.
“P- chan-remember." The others didn't seem to catch on.

TOM(Ryouga): WHO ARE YOU CALLING P-CHAN?!?!?!?

"No clothes!"
"Oh yeah, here," Cypher had suddenly appeared. He carried what looked like a
copy of Ryoga's hiking pack, including umbrella. He also tossed a blanket to
the other boy.
"How in the?" Ryoga started, looking at the bag.

RELENA(Ryouga): ...world did I get HERE!?!?!?

"We remember the last time you were here."
"Oh yeah. . . bonzai, Washuu still got that good of a swing?"
"It's improved."
"Ouch."
"What are you two talking about?" Bryan asked.

TROWA(Cypher): Scythes.

"Don't ask," Andrew shifted his cards, then, " Call, raise you one."
"Full house," Bryan smiled.
Vegeta and REBB grumbled, putting their cards down.

JAY(showing his hand): Blunder: You drew to an inside straight.

"I got it beat," Andrew said, "Straight flush."
Bryan sighed. There went that DVD player he was saving for. Ryoga changed
into a set of clothes, the one that had his sleeveless shirt. He then
flipped a hand though his hair and joined Pathos at the TV set. Pathos
offered something from his sack of fish chips. But Ryoga shook his hand in
negation. He picked up a can of tea,

RELENA(Ryoga as Jean-Luc Picard): Earl Grey, hot.

then another with an orange pop. Opening it, he found it overflowing. Pathos
chuckled.

Glyph tapped the mike end as the others gathered into the theater. She
tested it and the girls tried to keep the comments down. Urd, Ranma-chan,

ROME: Either Little Wild Horse or female wild horse.

and Sasami had stopped playing,

CROW: With themselves.
JAY: That does it. Hoag, Focused EMP Blast.
HOAG(PR): Right, mate.
(What looks like a wave of blue energy shoots out from the projection room
and hits Crow, shutting down his systems.)

so they could hear it too.
"Hello everybody, glad to see you all got here with minimal trouble..." here
Glyph got yammers and catcalls.

RELENA: Here kitty, kitty, kitty.

"Right, okay, first business, we could some volunteers for some food stuff,
some snacks, for now and the rest of the grub when it gets here. Anyone care
to?" A few hands raised up. Glyph tried to keep from smiling as she brought
the mike back up.
"AKANE, put your HAND BACK DOWN. If you're not willing to TASTE it when
you're COOKING, don't BOTHER."

ALL(Relieved): THANK YOU, GLYPH!

Glyph also gave a hard look to Ryoko. Ryoko didn't volunteer anything. Ukyo
buried her face into her hand. Ranma-chan looked the other way. But Glyph
was talking to those who had volunteered, mainly Sasami and Belldandy.
"Okay, the next bit of business. After about an hour, maybe during the
movie, we'll break and have," here she paused for empathasis.

LEENA(Glyph): Target practice. Jok Tadsworth on the Anime Star will be the
target.

"THE TREASURE HUNT." Some laughed, others actually sounded interested.
Glyph explained, " Washuu and I came up with riddles to solve, the objects
are both on the JEDRI and the Drummond. Washuu has provided us with a little
gate..."
"You will have four chances to cross from ship to ship, it will be from both
directions. But the riddles are a little hard to figure..."
"Knowing you, Mom, they're impossible," Ryoko barked. Some giggles again.
"Not that hard," Glyph said in monotone. "We'll explain more when we set it
up. So what's the movie?"

RELENA: My Fair Lady.

"Titanic?" Ayeka ventured. Half the girls cheered. The other half moaned.
"NOT AGAIN!" they cried out.

Meanwhile, aboard the JEDRI, Bryan sat with Tenchi, Andrew, and Shinji. They
seemed to be the sanest people in the room.

JAY: Sanity on this ship is handled by Rome, Trowa, Relena, and Hoag.
RELENA: Well SOMEONE has to keep you in line.

"Hey, Bryan, we got another ship on the scope here," REBB said.
"On screen." A strange looking white ship appeared on the screen. It had two
protruding projections on both sides, and squat engines in the back, with
some sort of hood over the top. The insignia on the hull read Nadesico.
"Hail them," Bryan said.
"Assume standard hailing position," Vegeta barked. Before Bryan knew what
was going on, Vegeta, Cypher, and REBB were all pointing their suddenly nude
posteriors at the viewscreen. Even though the last two could only mimic
clothes. The screen came on. There was a sudden feminine scream, and the
screen went dark.
"Vegeta, tell me you didn't just moon the Nadesico."

LEENA(Vegeta): I didn’t just moon the Nadesico.

"Well alright, but I'd be lying."
Bryan sighed, "Shinji, from now on, you're in charge of communications."

JAY: Well, I know how to hail the Drummond from now on.

Aboard the Nadesico, all were in shock, save for Ruri Hoshino, who had only
this to say,
"And I thought everyone on THIS ship was baka."

Since the weekend was going to last three days, Ukyo decided that she might
want to acquaint herself with the kitchen. She strolled in to hear pans
banging around.

TOM: Sounds like War, Cisco Kid, 1973.

She quickly whipped out several of her spatula darts from her bandoleer, and
called into the kitchen, "Akane, that had better not be you in there!"
It wasn't that Ukyo disliked Akane, but to save life and limb from the
horror that was the other girl's cooking, she would do what was necessary.

TROWA: She would terminate her with extreme prejudice.
JAY: And the multiverse would rejoice!

Sasami peeked her head around the corner, "Oh, hi Uc-chan! How are you?"
Ukyo relaxed. Good anime cooks were so hard to find that their skill and
reputation proceeded them. Sasami Jurai and Belldandy were the only other
people on the ship that would be trusted in the kitchen. Of course, bad
anime cooks were plentiful, and their reputations also proceeded them. And
finding Ayeka, Ryoko, Urd, or, worst of all, Akane, in the kitchen, was
trouble with a capital T.

LEENA: And sickening with a capital S.

"I'm fine, Sasami-chan. Hey, what are you making?"
"Miso soup, of course. We've got a lot of people to feed."

On the bridge of the Brian Drummond, Rei Ayanami was playing 3-D Chess with
Lain Iwakura. Rei looked across at Lain, who seemed deep in thought.
"All people are connected," Lain said quietly.

RELENA: Someone once told me and Jay that each person held only half a soul,
and when they found the other half, that was what true love really was.
JAY: And I’m inclined to believe them. *Gives Relena a peck on the cheek.*
LEENA(Thinking): They’re getting mushy again...

"I could not have said it better," Rei agreed, "Check."
Asuka watched this exchange, and sighed, "Next time we have a sleepover, I
want Kaji to come with me. Not a pair of dolls like these."
Lain suddenly turned an angry glare on Asuka, "Who the hell asked you, huh?"

Asuka was taken aback by the sudden personality change, "Uh...that
is...well..."
Lain returned to her game, as if nothing had just happened.
"Weirdos" Asuka muttered, beating a hasty retreat.
Lain sighed, and pulled out her wallet, "You were right. She did freak out."

"Payment in yen, please. The dollar isn't worth much in my future."

It's been said that in space, no one can hear you scream. True. However,
even the laws of physics must give way to the power of the Infinite
Improbability Generator,

ROME: Our Fourth Wall Shields do that job.

which was now working overtime on the JEDRI. As the ship streaked through
space, one could have heard George Thouroghgood singing "Bad to the Bone."
at decibel levels never before calculated by rock musicians. Which is
incredibly odd, since inside the ship, all the guys were sitting on the
bridge, singing "Bohemian Rhapsody" by Queen.

ROME: If it’s anything like our setup, they have speakers on the ship’s
hull.
JAY: I prefer We Are The Champions.

"We will not let you go!" Vegeta, Bryan, Ryoga, and REBB sang.
"Let him go!" Shinji, Tenchi, and Cypher sang.
"Beelzebub has a devil put aside for me" Andrew chimed in. Pathos tried to
join him, but what came out was, "Beel-bub have devil put side me."
"For me, for me, for meeeeeeee!" they all sang at once.
"So you think you can love me and leave me to die!" Vegeta sang.
"So you think you can stop me and spit in my eye!" Shinji added.
"Oh, baby, can't do this to me baby!" Zechs came in.

RELENA: Not bad...

Unbeknownst to them (but knownst to us)

TOM: Spaceballs.

Bryan was recording it all for future blackmail purposes,

JAY: Ooo, blackmail...

and making a copy for Glyph. (Though Bryan had to admit that Cypher and
Ryoga did have rather good voices. If only they'd use them for actually
singing.)

Music was also being heard from the Drummond, but it was more of the dance
variety. Lou Bega, in fact. And Cherry Poppin Daddies. . . Glyph and some of
the others who weren't interested in the movie were fooling around, dancing,
giggling. The leader of the JEDRI was even pretty good at swing. She
attempted to show Washuu the steps to the Lindy Hop, except that she kept
laughing. When she laughed, she messed up. But actually everyone else seemed
to be catching on. . Akane laughed just as much when she got Glyph to
partner with her. It was only enough to the others laugh, but they had the
handle on it. Akane began to wonder where Ranma was.
"Man, can I sympathize!" the fluid voice suddenly came to Akane's ear. She
then turned to the large TV. Ranma-chan was piled with the other half of the
girls, hugging a pillow to her (his) chest. Ayeka piped up, asking the girl
what she meant.
"Nevermind," Ranma blurted, "What's with her fiancé‚? I'd like to punch him
for giving guys a bad name."

MALES: TRAITOR!

"Guys can do it all on their own," Asuka muttered. She didn't notice the
death- promising glare of Ran-chan.
"And how many do you actually talk to?" the martial artist blurted.
"Shh! This is my favorite part," Urd spoke up.
"Oh, yeah, the part where he saves her from falling off, " Ranma whispered.
"I like it too."
Akane giggled. "He never likes it as a guy."

TROWA: I like the part where everyone is drowning and freezing.
JAY: Doesn’t every emotionless killer, homocidal maniac, and any other form
of life-taker?

Glyph started to laugh again. Although she had brought her Anime
soundtracks, she found that when she asked, some of the international and
American bands were requested. Oh well. She switched CD's, to her Aqua one,
then began to sing to it as the verse went like this:
"I got feeling you could use a little smile, hoping it could stay there for
just a little while. Making allotta noise out there, throw your hands up in
the air. I don't wanna waste my time on simple little things, I'd rather
stay here overnight with everyone who sings. . . Happy boys and happy girls
we'll be, we are the happy boys and girls. . . So happy, yeah, I'm, I'm so
happy, yeah. . . Try with a giggle, it would make you look so nice, and if
you start to warm, it would further break the ice. . ."

JAY(To Rome): That reminds me, how’s that ICE-breaker program coming?
ROME: Slowly.
JOK: Icebreaker?
ROME: No, ICE-breaker. It’s a program to disable Intrusion Countermeasure
Electronics, or ICE. Thus the name ICE-breaker.

Sasami giggled, as she started the ice shaver. Ukyo was looking over a
recipe, then converted some of her okonomiyaki to make it more like a sweet
treat. This was actually fun. Sasami then looked wistfully at the older
girl. Belldandy paused, seeing the little girl get quiet. Uc-chan halted.
"Don't cry, Sasami-chan," Belldandy started.
"Is something wrong?" Ukyo asked, looking now puzzled. Sasami shook herself
out of the sullen mood.
"Sorry, just a thought that. . ."
"You wish this whole night could last forever?" Belldandy smiled. Then Ukyo
joined in. In fact, Ukyo got a rather surprisingly wicked grin on her face.
She pulled a small, green device from her bandoleer.

TOM(Recognizing the device): What’s Ukyo doing with a Romulan Star Empire
Tal Shiar-issue Subspace Disrupter?

"What's that?" Sasami asked, but had to stop when suddenly Ukyo dusted her
freckled nose with tempura flakes. While Sasami swiped at her face, Ukyo
brought the little device up to her eye, and a flash emanated from it. Then
a little blue disk appeared, Ukyo shook it then placed it on the table. A
small girl that looked like Sasami dusted tempura off of her nose as well.

JAY: AHHH!!!! IT’S A CLONING DEVICE!!!

"Wow! A hologram!" Sasami chirped.
"Washuu traded something to a local band of aliens for this little recorder.
It can only do a few minutes to each little disk. I wonder though. . ."
"About what?" Belldandy asked. She didn't want to pry into other people's
thoughts. Ukyo smiled that same wicked smile.

TROWA(Ukyo): If they survived the warp core overload brought on by the bomb
we traded them.

"If they ever figured that what Washuu traded them was a toaster. . ."
Sasami was now giggling. "Knowing Washuu-chan, it could have rivaled their
sun!" Then all the girls were laughing. Glyph stuck her head in at some
point.
"Almost done?" she asked, "We've got some hungry people out there."

TOM/JAY/LEENA(Doc/Bit/Herself, Tapping spoons against the arms of their
seats): Feed me. Feed me. Feed me. Feed me.

Pathos popped a fish chip in his mouth idly. He wasn't enjoying the
wrestling like most of the guys. He was a pacifist by nature, cat nature
really, and found that even though some of the

ROME: Cat composition is 33.3¯% matter, 33.3¯% antimatter, and 33.3¯%
it-doesn’t-matter.
JAY: And there’s that 0.1¯% that is god.

moves were impressive, he was getting bored by the show. He didn't want to
say anything, because he knew the others were into it.
"Psst." Pathos' ears tilted, yet he didn't move his head. He recognized
Ryoga's voice.
"You look bored. Can we do something while the other guys are into this? I
get in better fights with Ranma." Pathos popped another fish chip in his
mouth.
"Wait, fifteen minutes. Ask to use rest room. Don't eat before hand. Got
place I like."

RELENA: Down on the corner, under the boardwalk, or up on the roof, which is
it?

Ryoga finally looked at Pathos, seeing the cat-boy smile. The martial
artist's curiosity was piqued.

"OH, come ON!" Cypher yelped, then dropped his hands onto his knees.
"There goes my money."
"This is not real combat," Zechs said, "This is just a thin, predictable
script. Tenchi, you know how to fence. Fetch your Bokken."

JOK(Tenchi): What do I look like, a dog?
JAY(Zechs): No, I looks like this: ‘I’.

Bryan looked worried, "Hey, Zechs, the boy cut through a starship with one
stroke. You want to invite that kind of trouble?"
"That was when he was using the Light Hawk Sword. Without real mortal
danger, his Jurai powers won't activate."
Vegeta grinned, "Now this might be worth betting on."
They gathered in the holotheater of the JEDRI.
Bryan pulled referee duty. "Now remember, I want a nice, clean match.

TOM(Bryan as Mills Lane): A girlfriend, an infinite supply of money, and a
five pound package of Gummi Bears in the fridge, but I won’t get any of
that, so just kill each other.
JAY: Tom, Bryan DID have a girlfriend, Glyph, who is now his fiancé.

No dismembering opponents."

TROWA: Damn.

“Spoil my fun," Vegeta muttered from the sidelines.
"Do you know how to handle a Bokken, Zechs?" Tenchi asked.

LEENA(Zechs): Yes.
JOK(Tenchi): Do not!
LEENA(Zechs): Do too!
JOK(Tenchi): Do not!
LEENA(Zechs): Do too!
JOK(Tenchi): Do not!
LEENA(Zechs): Do too!
JOK(Tenchi): Do not!
LEENA(Zechs): Do too!
JOK(Tenchi): Do not!
LEENA(Zechs): Do too, times infinity!
JOK(Tenchi): ARGH!

Zechs, who had changed into fighting garb similar to Yosho's, nodded, "I'm
well versed in several martial arts. En garde!"
The two went toe to toe, matching each other stroke for stroke. Tenchi was
quickly discovering, however, that while he had the edge in training (Yosho
WAS his instructor, after all), Zechs made up for it with incredible
dexterity and physical might. Tenchi was being pushed to the edge of the
holographic ring, when he looked Zechs in the eye, "There's something I have
to tell you." "What's that?"
"I'm not left-handed," Tenchi switched the bokken to his right hand in a
deft spin. He began to repel Zechs' advance, and was even beginning to wear
the other man down, he felt. REBB, Cypher, Bryan, and Shinji all sighed.
They knew where this was leading.
"Funny," Zechs said, "I'm not left handed either!"

JAY: The Princess Bride.
RELENA: You called?
JAY: Now that was unexpected.

In a move even more impressive than Tenchi's, his sword was suddenly in his
right hand. He managed to knock Tenchi's Bokken from his hand, and his own
was suddenly at Tenchi's throat.

JAY(Tenchi as G1 Megatron): Mercy, please!
TROWA(Zechs as G1 Optimus Prime): You who are without mercy now plead for
it? I thought you were made of sterner stuff.

Vegeta smirked, "About what I figured."
"If this were real combat," Zechs said, speaking to Vegeta, but maintaining
his view of Tenchi, "I would have lost. His Juraian powers would have
activated, and the Light Hawk Wings would have parried all my efforts."
"That's about enough of that," Bryan said, "C'mon. I got a film for us. And
has anybody seen Pathos or Ryoga?"

CROW(Reactivated, Shinji): They were making out last time I saw them.
JAY: Hoag.
*Crow is hit with another FEMP Blast*

"Ryoga's probably lost," Cypher said.
"On a Defiant class ship? Is that possible?"
Andrew, REBB, and Cypher spoke as one, "Yes."

"Oh, how terrible," Belldandy said.
"What is it, sister?" Urd asked.
"I sensed a dark force in this room, and it emanates from that girl over
there. It seems that whenever Ranma-chan is splashed with hot water, she is
cursed to become a boy," Belldandy smiled, "Well, I'm a Goddess first class,
and I can help her."

TOM: That kind of assumption is what causes bad fics.
JAY: What gets me is that the Belldandy I met once could tell which was the
cursed form.

"She'll be so happy. I imagine she's getting tired of cold showers," Urd
said.

JOK: Actually I think Ranma actually WANTS to take cold showers on occasion.

Belldandy nodded, and began to summon her power, but was being very discrete
about it. She liked giving without unneeded praise.
"By the way, where's Keiichi?"
"Who?"
Glyph interrupted, "Because of the way the Yggdrassil works, we couldn't
bring Belldandy here for three days without brining Keiichi. So we had to
get Belldandy from before he made his wish. She hasn't met him yet."
"Oh," Urd sighed. How was she going to play matchmaker without Keiichi
around?

LEENA: Oh...
TROWA: ...Holy...
JAY: ...Shit...
RELENA: ...This...
ROME: ...Isn’t...
TOM: ...Gonna...
JAY: ...Turn...
RELENA: ...Out...
ROME: ...Well.
CROW(system spasm brings him online.): How do you do that? (Goes offline
again.)
ALL: Practice.

Well, they were going to be popping over to the JEDRI soon enough... Rei
popped into the kitchen. She was carrying Ryo-Ohki with her.
"I believe she was looking for you," Rei said, handing the cabbit to Sasami.

"Thank you, Rei," Sasami smiled, "I think Ryo-Ohki likes you."
Ryo-Ohki did indeed seem a bit sad that Rei was leaving the room again.

RELENA: It’s the blue hair and water related name, it has to be.

Ukyo smiled, "Say, Rei, why not hang out with us?"
Rei smiled slightly, but it warmed the room's temperature by several
degrees, "I...that would be nice."
Ryoko, in the meanwhile, was chatting with Lain about Ryo-Ohki, "So you see,
whenever Mihoshi gets aboard, the ship has a habit of flying under the
influence.

TOM(Skeptic GP Officer): Uh hun, so the SHIP was drinking and flying? Right,
I think that our tech division will have to handle that, in the mean time,
I’ll have to issue you a citation.

I was wondering if a firewall or something could be put up to block the
effects."
Lain shrugged, "That's a new one to me. I don't usually deal with computers
that turn into fuzzballs."

JAY: Try dealing with a robotic wolf that turns into a suit of armor, and
has several armors of it’s own.

Just then, they heard the voice of the Drummond's main computer, Zod, "What
are you doing, Skuld?"
"Oh, just ironing out a few bugs."
"Wait. You're not going to...>WHAPANG< I'M A SENSITIVE PIECE OF EQUIPMENT!
STOP HITTING ME WITH THAT MALLET!"
"Just pipe down. I'll be finished in a moment."
"Leave me alone. Stop it. Get away from my mother-board!" >WHAPANG<
Lain shrugged, "No worries. If she breaks it, I can rebuild it."

ROME(Lain): Make it better, stronger, faster. I can make it... The Sixty
Billion Dollar Starship.
JAY: Uh, they DO cost 60,000,000,000.

All the men aboard the JEDRI, watching the screen, were in a very emotional
state.
"Maya! Maya!" Captain Harlock was cradling the body of his lover onscreen,
"There were so many things I wanted to say, so many things I wanted to ask
you!"

*Jay begins snoring and gets elbowed by Relena.*

Shinji actually had tears streaming down his cheeks. Bryan, Andrew, and
Cypher were misty-eyed. Which seemed odd, since Cypher was a changeling, and
they didn't have tears. REBB, Zechs, and Vegeta were watching with looks of
sorrow on their faces. Bryan had unloaded Waga Seishun no Arcadia (Arcadia
of My Youth) on the others, and it was having a very, very disturbing effect
on them.
"That's so tragic!" Shinji wailed.
"The Tokargans, wiped out by their masters," Vegeta said, emotionally.
"Harlock has fought his battle, and lived as a true man," Zechs intoned.

JAY: What more can one ask of a warrior?
RELENA: That he live to come home to the girl, *hits Jay upside the head*
duh.

As for Ryoga, well..."WHERE ON EARTH AM I NOW!!!!!"
"You quiet now!" Pathos said, "We no lost! We right here!"
"Where's here?" Ryoga barked.
"Quit shout then, it hurt ears," Pathos then climbed a set of pipes, almost
vertically. Ryoga watched in surprise. Some things began to fly from the
pipes as apparently Pathos used this place as a place for privacy.

JOK(Glancing at a magazine that fell): Play Kat?

Ryoga caught one item as it floated down. It was some sketches of a female
cat, stuck inside of a comic. Then a piece of cloth landed on his head.
"Watch it, will ya?" Ryoga blurted out. But then he noticed Pathos sliding
back down, not looking. He held something in his teeth.

TOM: What’s he doing with the original Black Voltron Lion’s mouth dagger?

"That for you," Pathos muttered when he removed the item from his mouth. It
looked like some sort of key. He then put the key back in his mouth. Ryoga
then got a look at the cloth. Then he recognized it. It was a bathing suit.
"Ah good, they gone," Pathos whispered. Then he opened the door to the
holographic theater. He smiled. He clapped on for the lights.

RELENA(Ivana Humpalot): When did you get ze clapper?
JAY(Austin Powers): Shore leave, 1965.

"Feh, how lame," Ryoga snorted, but then he noticed the room. Pathos picked
up a geta, and tied it to his waist. Ryoga stared. Pathos went into a series
of flips, head over cat tail, er feet. Ryoga smiled.
"You've improved," Ryoga complimented. Pathos grinned, his blonde hair
falling back over his shoulders. The cat then popped the key into his
pocket. He called up to the computer to change the program. The room changed
into forest, and rock. Ryoga looked up.
"You wanna climb up?" he noticed the gear around their clothes. Pathos
laughed.
"No, down." Ryoga shook his head, so Pathos called the computer again to
change the program. Then a ball flew at him-Ryoga ducked, and caught it. He
saw that it was a dodgeball.
"Hey, mister, you want to give that back?" A kid about twelve looked at him
from around the wall. Ryoga started, then tossed it at the kid. Some called
to Pathos, but the cat-boy smiled to them, waving away. Ryoga glanced at the
boy.
"RPG-Crystalmage," Pathos smiled. Then he went up to a store window, and
tapped its surface. A computer screen came up, on the surface. Since Ryoga
wasn't protesting, he typed in a password. 'Password accepted, return to
character or new game?'
"New game," he spoke up. "Two character-newbie, reg, play, code 1."
"Code 1 accepted. Player 1 choose character now."
"That be you, Ree-yo-gahh," Pathos smiled.
Puzzled, Ryoga spoke up. "How?"
"Take a look on the screen, and choose your character." Ryoga then found
himself--walking on a tightrope in the middle of a circus! Ryoga steadied,
trying to keep his balance.
"I thought this was a fantasy game," he muttered. Pathos was signaling to
him from the other side of the rope.
"What the!" he yelped. "Chavane! You pick Chavane!"
"And that's important?!" he yelled.
"Chavane is acrobat! I Nedal!"

JAY: Did anyone understand that?
OTHERS: *Shake heads no.*

Glyph tilted her head, noticing Sasami getting ready to bang on a lid. Then
she signaled to Sasami to hold a minute. She picked up a remote.
"HEY!" those who were watching the movie yelped. The same thing happened to
those listening to the music. Both had shut off as Glyph pressed a few
buttons.

HOAG(PR): I’d’ve blared ‘em into attention.

Then Sasami began to bang on the lid, very loudly. Now everyone was paying
attention.
"Food's ready!" Sasami called. If there is any word that describes a group
of girls meeting together is, that word might be humming. Washuu smiled, as
she gathered her plate of food. "Hey, Washuu-chan, did you tell the guys of
the treasure hunt?" Glyph spoke up, then took a bite of the okonomiyaki.
"Yes, I did," Washuu nodded. She looked at her computer.
"At least, I think I did," she whispered. To Washuu's credit, she had
remembered to post the e-mail to the JEDRI. There were, however, two things
she had forgotten. First, Skuld had been...adjusting...the subspace
transceiver aboard the Drummond, and second, she had taken the automated
mail system off-line aboard the JEDRI anyway, to keep the guys out of
Glyph's personal mail. It wasn't that she didn't trust them...exactly. Well,
all right, she didn't trust them. They were a bunch of hormone driven
nutcases!

JAY: HEY! I RESEMBLE THAT REMARK!!!

Andrew had the passwords to get in, but that would only have been useful if
he were actually at the computer to notice that a message was incoming. As
it was, he was with the other guys, chowing down in the rec room.
"These burgers are great!" Shinji said.
"My own recipe," Bryan grinned, "I take a good dose of garlic and soy sauce
and douse the meat before cooking it."

JAY: Anything with garlic is good.
RELENA: Didn’t you say that about sour cream?
JAY: Well, uh...
JOK: And about cheese?
JAY: You see...
LEENA: And Chili?
JAY: OK, OK! So I like to eat, so what? I have a fast metabolism!

"Real beef, too," Tenchi said, "Beef costs a fortune in Japan!"

TROWA: Kill P-Chan.
TOM: In the first fic we MSTed, Peter Suzuki DID have Mihoshi kill P-Chan...
By turning him into pork chops!

"True that," Vegeta said, "But some of us aren't limited to shopping in
Japan."
"Got a point there," Andrew muttered.
Ryoga and Pathos had returned, having had a decent game, and now being drawn
by the enticing aroma of food. Pathos was leading, mainly because he was
hungrier. His nose told him where it was. He had to be hiding it somewhere,
because the boy was as thin as a wire. Actually, they both were carrying
towels and bathing suits. Ryoga laughed, very animated, talking about the
highwire save, then other things that happened to them. He grinned, letting
his fangs show.
"It feels great to go swimming without changing," he chuckled.
"Swimming? Changing?" Tenchi murmured, looking at the back of Ryoga's head.
As Ryoga sat to eat, he noticed Bryan looking at him.
"What is it?" he asked.
"I gotta give you credit, Ryoga. You have no sense of direction, you
constantly wander around lost, or are tormented as a tiny black piglet. Yet
for all the hardships you've endured, you never quit. You keep going,
determined to get somewhere. You have your problems, but man, you got MY
respect."
Surprisingly, Vegeta seconded the sentiment, "Mine as well. As humans go,
you've got a spark in you that refuses to quit. So you have problems with
the girls. Big deal. You've got it where it counts, kid."

JAY: Agreed, the true mark of a hero is his ability to go one dispite
adversity. That and knowing something might kill you and doing it anyway,
but that can also be stupidity, so...

Shinji looked depressed.
"Buck up, Shinji," Bryan said, "You're a great guy, too."
"I'm spineless," Shinji said, "I've read the files on the sites. People
think I'm a coward, a wuss!" "Hardly," Zechs spoke up, "You're a fourteen
year old kid. Most fourteen-year- olds have to deal with acne, cracking
voices, and girls. You have the fate of the world resting on your shoulders,
a father who makes Genma Saotome look warm and caring, and live with a girl
who would just as soon spit on you as look at you. And still, you haven't
broken. You're not a coward, Shinji. You're just a kid who's in the wrong
places at the wrong times."
"Definitely, and you don't have a water curse," Ryoga picked up his burger.
"This is beef, right?" "Hey, why are we so serious all of a sudden?" Cypher
asked, "This is supposed to be a party. C'mon. Let's get with the program,
huh?"
"Too right," Bryan nodded, "Any ideas?"
"Well," Tenchi said, "There's always Karaoke."

Glyph turned to Washuu as everyone was finishing their meals, "Ok, I think
it's time to let them in on the Treasure Hunt, don't you?"
"Aye, Cap'n," Washuu said in her best Scotty impersonation.

SCOTTY(Over com): Nae funny!

Glyph groaned. Ayeka and Ryoko were staring each other down over the last
okonomiyaki.
"It's mine!"
"Hands off, I saw it first!"

JAY(Remembering): Didn’t we do this joke a while back?
RELENA: No, ours’ was “Whoever eats the last okonomiyaki gets Tenchi.”

"What's with those two?" Akane asked.
"Geez, and I thought YOU were uncute," Ran-chan muttered. She received a
kick to the shin for the comment.
"They're both trying to win the heart of the same man," Sasami explained.
"Wow," Ukyo said, "I'm so glad you and I get along better than that, Akane!"

"I'll say," Akane nodded, "I'd hate to see you coming at me with that
spatula every morning!" Ranma shrugged, staying out of it. Glyph picked up
the pan lid, the same one Sasami had used to get the others attention. She
picked up the girl's spoon and banged on it. It was better than a gong. And
definitely gets their attention better than the mike.

HOAG(PR): I think that a nice force beam works better for that.

"Now that were all together, it's time for the Anything Goes Martial Arts
Treasure Hunt. I think that there's fourteen of us. . ."
"Miya!" Ryo-Oki interrupted. At the catlike call, Ranma flinched a bit.
"Fifteen if we count the cabbit,

TOM: Yeah, if you count the cabbit, YOU’D BETTER COUNT THE CABBIT!

so we'll divide into three teams of four. Here's the riddles after the teams
are assembled." Glyph held the lists.
"Okay, guys, LINE UP."

LEENA/RELENA(All the girls on the Drummond): EXCUSE US!!!

"AHEEMMM!" a group of the girls barked.
Glyph tried to keep her laugh down. "Okay, ladies, PLEASE, line up."
So they the girls lined up, but then two shrill voices were definitely
heard.
"What are you doing here, Ryoko?" Ayeka blurted
"I don't want to end up on the same team as you," Here Ryoko snapped.
"Princess."
Glyph rolled her eyes to Washuu, "She's your daughter."
She handed Washuu the lists. Sasami sat on the floor, Ryo-Oki on her
shoulder. Rei sat to her left, Akane to her right. Urd completed the circle.
They had commandeered a corner, and were looking over the clues.
"Any ideas?" Sasami asked.
"I'm still trying to figure out the rhyme. . ." Rei murmured.
"Let me read it," Urd volunteered. Then:
"The Oracle says for the first item: Watch for a band of yellow and black,
that circles this character's head, but if you speak, watch your attack,
because you're kind is the one he dreads."

HOAG(PR): We gonna try an’ figure out the clues?
JAY: Yeah. Let’s see, Oracle could be related to mythology, Final Fantasy
Tactics, or Beast Machines.
RELENA: A band of yellow and black? A halo maybe?
JOK: Watch your attack if you speak? Does it have to do with voices?
ROME: Your kind is what HE fears, that tells us it has a connection to a
male.
TOM: This male wears a bandanna of yellow and black and is afraid of girls.
ROME: How do you figure that?
TOM: He, Band around head, yellow and black, girls are doing the hunt and he
fears their kind.
RELENA: Who fits that criteria?
TOM/JAY: RYOUGA!!!

"Watch for a band?" Akane blurted.
"Yellow and black?" Rei added.
"Does that sound familiar to anyone?"

ALL: YES!

Ryoko paused with the paper, still letting Skuld, Ranma-chan, and Asuka read
over her shoulders. "Anyone got any ideas?" Ryoko asked.
"I say, we head over now and take care of business," Asuka said.
"But we still don't know what the clue means," Skuld said.
"Oh, yes we do," Ran-chan grinned, "Akane and Ucchan probably figured it out
too."

Ukyo, Belldandy, Lain, and Ayeka were looking at the rhyme.
"Well," Ukyo said, "I think the best plan will be to get where we're going,
before the others. We can figure this out on the way."
"Just one moment," Ayeka spoke up, "Who put YOU in charge? As the first
princess of Jurai, it should be me to lead us."
"We aren't on Jurai, Miz Princess, so anyone can speak up. Oh-Kay?"

JAY: GO UKYO!!!

Ukyo snapped, not letting Ayeka interject. "Besides I know the JEDRI, so we
won't be wandering around."
Belldandy interjected instead. "Please don't fight, we have to figure the
clues."
Lain blinked slightly, then spoke, "Who are aboard the JEDRI at the moment?"

"Let me think," Belldandy put her finger to her lip thoughtfully, "Well,
there's Bryan, Zechs, REBB01, Vegeta, Cypher, Shinji Ikari, Tenchi Masaki,
Ryoga Hibiki, Pathos, and Mew."
Ukyo's eyes went wide, "Of course! How did I not see it right away! It's
Ryoga!"

Ryoga sneezed.
"Hey, man, you got allergies?" Bryan asked.
"Not that I know of," Ryoga said, "I hope I'm not coming down with
something."
Just then, Mew came into the room.
"Hey, Mew. Where you been?"

JAY: If he’s anything like any of us, he slept in.

Mew held up his sign ## I slept in ##.

JAY: I’m good, very good.

"Oh well," Cypher shrugged, "You can join us. We're about to begin the
torture, also known as the Anything Goes Martial Arts Karaoke Contest."

JAY: Sounds like fun. *Glances up at the projection room and nods*
RELENA: Hoag, Jay, if the two of you do the Kung-Fu Fighting routine again,
I’ll turn Leena loose on you.
JAY: Then can you and I do that duet?
RELENA: Alright. (Singing) He looked down into her brown eyes
And said, "Say a prayer for me."
And she threw her arms around him,
Whispered, "God will keep us free."
They could hear the riders coming.
He said, "This is my last fight.
If they take me back to Texas,
They won't take me back alive."

There were seven Spanish angels
At the Altar of the Sun.
They were praying for the lovers
In the Valley of the Gun.
When the battle stopped and the smoke cleared,
There was thunder from the throne,
And seven Spanish angels
Took another angel home.

JAY(Singing): She reached down and picked the gun up
That lay smoking in his hand.
She said, "Father, please forgive me.
I can't make it without my man."
And she knew the gun was empty,
And she knew she couldn't win,
But her final prayer was answered
When the rifles fired again.

There were seven Spanish angels
At the Altar of the Sun.
They were praying for the lovers
In the Valley of the Gun.
When the battle stopped and the smoke cleared,
There was thunder from the throne,
And seven Spanish angels
Took another angel home.

JAY/RELENA(Singing):There were seven Spanish angels
At the Altar of the Sun.
They were praying for the lovers
In the Valley of the Gun.
When the battle stopped and the smoke cleared,
There was thunder from the throne,
And seven Spanish angels
Took another angel home.
LEENA: What was that for?
JAY: To waste time. ^_^

"I thought they did that on the show already," REBB said, scratching his
head.
"Hey, Bryan," Andrew spoke up, "Hate to rain on your parade, but we're
picking up a distress call from that planet over there. Designation LV-426."

"LV-426?" Bryan mused, "That sounds familiar to me. I wonder why.

HOAG(PR): I’ll check the star charts.

Oh well. Head on over. We'll see what we can see."

JAY: They make horror movies that start out like this.

Bryan had an excellent memory, but it wasn't exactly photographic. Anything
he read or saw on TV was permanently captured in his brain. Unfortunately,
that didn't mean he could always recall it when he needed to. Because if he
could, he would remember that LV426 was the site of a Sigourney Weaver film
with a very nasty little surprise waiting for them.

HOAG(PR, having checked the charts): Guess what that surprise is. They’re
black, insectoid, have multiple mouths, and hug faces and burst from chests.
TOM: ALIENS!

Oh well. Some things have to be learned the hard way...
"ACK! Watch the soda!" Ryoga yelled, a bit too late. Shinji Ikari tripped
over his own two feet, sending a pitcher of root beer spraying all over
Ryoga. The hapless young man emerged from the soda spray as everyone's
favorite black piglet, P-Chan. Upset, and fearful that the others would
laugh at him, Ryoga ran off into the halls.

JAY(Singing off key): Run, Run Ryouga, gotta get some hot wa-ter.

"Oh great," Bryan muttered, "Someone get some hot water and find him. And
Zechs, Vegeta, REBB, since it looks like we may be involved in a rescue
operation, I want you three to beam down. You're the muscle, after all.

TOM: What about brains?

Shinji, Tenchi, and I will look for Ryoga. Cypher, Andrew, Mew, you guys
know this ship best. Keep us from crashing."
"Okay, that's easy," Andrew then called. "Shara, we need the orbiting
auto-pilot on, NOW!"
"I am the auto-pilot, you dork!" a female voice spoke up. Andrew sighed.
Bryan looked at him quite puzzled. Who the hell was he having an argument
with? The ship's computer?
"Post on a few intervals for trouble. Look, I'm sorry about you having to
keep quiet, but this was supposed a Guy's Night Out, and essentially you're
a girl. I know the message board is our job."
"I am not your damn secretary." The female voice continued. "And I have been
quiet, so your guys could have some non-matronized fun, but this was more
than enough."
"Who?" Bryan finally asked.
"Shara, she's the ship's computer."
"Is she like Zod?" Bryan tried to find a comparison.
"She is more sentient than that. Shara, she's like a real person, REBB
created her. It's a little hard to explain.

ROME: Actual intelligence.

I'll tell, but we need to find Ryoga. Let's say for now, she's just like you
and me," and here Andrew dropped his voice. "And has the personality of a
nattering mother-in-law."
"I heard that!" Shara snapped.

The dimensional gate between the JEDRI and the Drummond opened up in three
spots, allowing all three teams to march right at different locations.
"Keep your eyes peeled," Akane said, "We still don't know what we're looking
for."
Just then, a little black piggy came running up behind Akane.
"P-chan? How did you get here? You must have been hiding on the Drummond the
whole time, and followed me here!"

LEENA: When it involves P-Chan/Ryouga, Akane is very dense, isn’t she?
OTAKUS(Jay and Tom): Yes.

"Now remember," Ranma said, "Our target can change himself into a piggy if
he wants to hide, so be real careful on your approach."

ROME: Are they really this dense?
OTAKUS: As we said about Akane, Yes.

"Got it," Ryoko said.
"I wonder how this ship works," Skuld said, tapping at a panel with her
mallet.
"SKULD!" A voice spoke into a radio in her ear, "If you damage just one of
my pretty little gadgets, I promise you, I'll tan your hide but good!"
Skuld sighed, "Hai, Washuu-chan."
"And if you get anywhere near MY motherboard, Washuu-chan won't be the only
one using you for hides," a very motherly voice piped up.
"Who the heck was that?" Ryoko barked.
"I'm the ship's computer, call me Shara. But don't expect any help from me
though."

RELENA(Shara): God helps those who help themselves and on this ship, I AM
GOD!
KAMI-SAMA(Booming Voice, Heaven): JAY, TELL YOUR FIANCÉ NOT TO MAKE JOKES AT
MY EXPENSE.
RELENA(Sweatdrop): Sometimes I miss the little sanity I had before I joined
this crew.

Tenchi was looking for P-chan when he was suddenly grabbed by a pair of very
delicate, soft hands.
"Lord Tenchi!" Ayeka cried out, hugging him from behind.
"Miss Ayeka?!" Tenchi gulped, "Wh-what are you doing here!?"

LEENA(Ayeka): Raping you.

"Didn't Glyph tell you?" Ayeka nuzzled into his back, but... >WHAPANG<
"Can't you do that on your own time?" Ukyo barked, then realized that Tenchi
and Ayeka were kneeling on the floor rather than standing anymore.

JAY(Admonishing): Ukyo, don’t you know you’re supposed to hit them on the
head, not the back of the knees?

"Whoops!" she said under her breath.
"Pretty birds, pretty birds," Tenchi muttered before shaking out of it.
"Would someone stop ringing that bell?"

JOK(Ringing a bell): Sanctuary! Sanctuary!

Ayeka muttered, putting her hands finally on top of her head.
"Heh, sorry guys, Washuu knows when to duck, and I'm used to people with
harder heads!" Ukyo blurted. Lain and Belldandy both gained sweatdrops. They
wanted now to be a little more careful around that large spatula.

TOM: Don’t think that the LITTLE spatulas are any safer.

"So why are you here again?" Tenchi asked, rubbing his neck and head. Man,
had that hurt!

Cypher went to his own quarters first, before joining the search party. He
wanted to find Fuzzy, his pet. Whatever she was. No one knew what she was,
but she had excellent sense of smell. A blue-green creature came at his
call. It was shaped much like a cat, but had a tail like a banded raccoon,
only chunks were taken out. The whiskers were luxurious, shaped much like a
moth's antenna. The ears resembled Ryo-Oki's.
"Ah, Fuzzy, come on, we got to find us one little pot-bellied pig in a
bandanna," he murmured.
She pucked, pucked in reply.

Skuld sighed, how in the world were they going to find someone who gets lost
on a regular basis?

RELENA: You get lost yourself.

Ryoko seemed to know where she was going, so the others followed her lead.
Not that they were having any arguments between themselves.

Cypher bumped into Sasami and the rest of her group. Fuzzy had climbed
around his neck, into the pleasurably warm spot under his over shirt. It was
the only piece of clothing he owned. "Cypher!" Sasami called, giggling.
The surprised changeling was suddenly hugged by the little princess. He
about blurted a reply when he saw Akane.

TOM(Cypher): AAAH! IT’S THE FLAT CHESTED TOMBOY!!!
(Gets hit by a flying mallet with “I am NOT flat chested! Signed - Akane” on
it)

And the other two... And P-chan.
You just HAD to make this difficult, Cypher mentally growled.

JAY: Nothing worthwhile is ever easy.

"Cypher, can you help us?" Rei asked, very nicely. She now held the list.
"We want to find this first item, but we have no idea what the riddle means.
Oh!"
She jumped as a very confused creature jumped onto Sasami and looked at the
list. "Oh, its Fuzzy."
Here Akane laughed. "She wants to figure the riddles, too."
"She looks to be the same size as P-chan," Urd pointed out. It gave Cypher
an idea. But now he had to pay attention to their question.
"It says that were supposed to be looking for a band- bandanna- and it's
ACHOO!" Sasami abruptly sneezed as Fuzzy's tail tickled her nose. She then
dusted it away from her face. "Waitaminute, what did you say Sasami?" Akane
blurted. The other two girls looked quite puzzled.

JOK: Then they looked riddled, then mazed, then-
LEENA: Gag yourself, Tadsworth.

"I sneezed, but was trying to say. . . a band and, oh, I see!"
"A band worn around the head, a bandanna," Urd caught on. "So who wears a
yellow and black bandanna that we know of?"
Akane knew. "Ryoga, but would he be here?"

TOM(Sarcastic): And no one notices the bandanna around P-Chan’s neck?

Here P-chan made a little confused bwee. Cypher tried not say anything, but
mentally he muttered. Well, yeah, but you don't know how close. . .
"Cypher, can you help us look for Ryoga?" asked Rei, smiling at him. That
gentle smile seemed to unnerve anyone, including one very nervous
changeling.
"F-funny you should ask, I was doing just that, " here his tone dropped,
making the point across to P-chan.
"But it could mean that everyone else is looking for him as well," Urd
sighed. Cypher was frantically trying to think of something to get P-chan
out of Akane's embrace without blurting out that the little pig was Ryoga.
Only one thing came to mind. Oh, gods, no way, it's the oldest trick in the
cartoon book. They won't fall for it.

JAY: Two things: Everyone will fall for something, it’s just a matter of
what. *Smiles* In my case it was Relena. And the second is something a
sniper taught me: “Always bet on stupidity.”

Cypher shook his head, trying to make it unnoticeable. But...
"Hey! What's that over there?" Cypher pointed. The older girls looked...
"Where? Where?" Urd asked. And they fall for it, Cypher groaned, but moved
quickly.
"Hey! There was nothing there!" Akane snapped when she turned around. They
all stared in surprise. Cypher was gone! Then the bundle in her hands moved.
Akane looked, then yelped. "Puck? Puck?" a very confused Fuzzy asked. She
looked a little stunned to have been so suddenly displaced.

JAY: Robin Goodfellow isn’t here.

"Uhm, where's Sasami?" Rei asked. The little creature started to preen her
whiskers.

"You...owe...me...BIG," Cypher growled with each step. The little pig gave a
faint grunt. "I'm not lettin' you argue that thought, Ryoga. I'm gonna
change you back."
He found a bathroom on the guest level. Cypher turned on the hot water
faucet, then dropped the little pig into the water.
"Oh, yeah, I forgot your clothes," Cypher responded, then put a hand over
his face. "Put that towel on, I'll go get 'em."
Ryoga picked up the white fluffy towel on and wrapped it around his waist.
Cypher had started to open the door when he suddenly shut it back.
"Whatsamatter?" Ryoga asked.
"She followed us!"

RELENA(Akane): Cypher, did I just hear Ryoga?

"Cypher?" Sasami's voice carried across the door.
"Duck in here!" Cypher hissed, giving Ryoga a shove into what looked like a
washroom. "I'll get her outta here." He slammed the door shut.
"Uh, Cypher," Ryoga called. "Light?!!!!"

JAY: Shouldn’t you just have to order the computer to turn on the lights?

Sasami entered, seeing the changeling shut the other door.

CROW(Reactivated): Yay! Sasami/Cypher sex!
HOAG(PR): Y’want me to, boss?
JAY: No, I’ll handle this one. UNSETTLING MENTAL IMAGE ATTACK!!! Rei with a
tan!!!!
(Crow’s and Tom’s heads begin to spin around until Crow’s explodes.)
TOM(Head stops spinning): That was VERY unNERVing.
(Jay winces from the pun.)

"Hi, Sasami, uhm, I'm trying to take a bath here. . ." he quickly shut off
the hot water.
"I'm sorry, but I wanted to know, why you needed P-chan for?" she got
closer. Cypher finally had a blank moment.
"Damn," Ryoga whispered, hearing the changeling trying to talk his way out
of the little princess's questions. The problem was. . . he was in the dark.

TOM: Isn’t he always?

Literally. Ryoga put his hands out to feel for the light switch. He
stumbled.
"YEEOUCH!" he yelped.
"What was that?" Sasami asked. Cypher tried to act innocent.

JOK: And failed miserably

"What's what?"
"That sound."
"What sound?"
"Cypher, are you trying to hide something?"
Ryoga got back up to his feet. Damn, damn, that had hurt, so he had to have
fallen pretty hard. On what though? He walked further into the room, finally
touching a wall. And a latch! But when he opened the door, he realized it
led to the hall on the other side. Great. He didn't see anyone coming, but
there didn't seem to be a door on the other side.
"Cypher, what are you hiding in there?" Sasami grabbed the door before
Cypher could react. Then the light came on. The washroom was empty! Cypher,
if he had caught his breath, would have exhaled right then in relief.
Now I know why you're called Ryo- you're one lucky SOB! Cypher thought.

JAY: Ran is wild, Gen is dark, Ma can be magic or horse, ko is female.
TOM: If you go by that, Ranma could be either Wild Horse or Wild Magic.
JAY: No, I think that Ranma is Wild Horse and Genma is Dark Magic...

"Nothing." He said aloud.
Ryoga moved quietly in the hall, keeping his back to the wall. It was cold!

Tenchi and Ayeka's set of girls met up with Akane in the hall. Urd and Lain
were nearby. Tenchi gave an excuse that Bryan would need his help. And
Andrew.
"Well, yes, they would be expecting you," she sighed. He waved good-bye and
headed towards where he had assumed the lifts were.
Ukyo shrugged. "Akane? Where's Sasami, wasn't she with your group?"
"She went after Cypher, but we can't seem to find either of them," She
looked a little upset. "But she probably was going after him because he took
off with P- chan."
"Hmm, I thought you left P-chan at home, Akane," Ukyo spoke up.
"So did I," Akane murmured. Then: "Maybe he was going to take him home!" she
looked relieved.
JOK(Ukyo): CLEAN UP THAT PISS PUDDLE!!!

Ryoko grumbled. "If only Mom had let me have a look when she was modifying
this, I could just phase around until we find the little twerp."
"He ain't that bad," Ranma spoke up, then, "Whoop! I forgot who we were
talking about."

Ryoga felt along the wall. Wait, was that voices he was hearing? Girl
voices! And they were coming this way! For once, he let the "get lost" sense
take over, hoping it would let him lose them. He held the towel, then closed
his eyes. He gave a half spin, and ... Found a door!
Damn, maybe I should use that more often!

TOM: If ya got it, use it.

He muttered, ducking for the door. It was locked. Maybe not. He
reconsidered. Then he spied one further down. He did a mad dash, hearing the
footsteps now echo in the hall.

"I'll try this way," Asuka called. Ryoga pulled the door open, and darted
in. But instead of shutting the door, he found it to be another washroom.
This one had though a strange creature resting in the sink. It started to
make a loud racket.
"J-just passin through," he stammered, then he found the next door. He threw
it open, then swung through. He braked, his bare feet skidding. All the
girls from two of the treasure hunt parties were staring at him, just as
surprised as he was! Ran-chan had just turned the corner. Ryoga gave a
surprised hiss, then squeaked a phrase that needed no translation into
English. Even though it was spoken in American.

ROME: Hold it, American and English? The only way that would make sense
would be if the English is British English and the American is American
English.

"Oh shit."

JAY: Japanese translation: “Ah, kuso.”

Then he bumped the door. It closed, catching on the latch and locking.
"Hey, nice bod!"
"Wheet, those are great legs!"
"You just get out of the shower?" some of the ruder girls started
catcalling.
Though Ranma kept quiet. So did Ukyo, they both slunk around the corner.
Akane, though, turned her head. Ryoga wanted to die. He wanted the ground to
swallow him up; he tried to move. Ut oh. Apparently, when the door had shut,
the towel had gotten lodged in the latch! Ryoga tried to pull, ignoring the
comments. It was stuck!
"Aw, CRAP!"
"Do you think we should help him out?" Ranma-chan asked.
Ukyo slightly smiled. "Ida know, I'm kinda enjoying the show."
Ryoga was panicking. For several reasons:
1) Shinji Ikari, in a bout of clumsiness, spilled cold pop on him, changing
him into P-chan, and he tried to hide.
2) Cypher had found him, changed him back, but had forgotten his clothes.
3) when Cypher tried to retrieve his clothes, he was stopped by a very
curious Sasami, who was eight.

JAY: I did some research, legal age for intercourse in Japan is 13.
RELENA: I’m going to let them hurt you for letting lemon writers know that.

4) Ryoga, clad now in only a towel, had somehow escaped Sasami, only to end
up in front of practically all the other girls.
5) the towel had gotten stuck in the door!
“ohshitnonononononono, aw come on, let go you," Ryoga kept jerking on the
towel. He pulled hard, putting his foot on the door.
Ukyo called from somewhere in the back. "Uh, Ryoga, you might not want to
pull that hard or it's gonna..." RRRR-RRIIPPP!!!
"Nevermind," Ranma muttered.

Vegeta, Zechs, and REBB were wandering the dark wreckage of an alien vessel.
It was the evident source of the distress call, though it was beginning to
look more and more like it was a recording, rather than a live signal.

ROME: Duh.

"I still wish we could have used instantaneous movement," Zechs said,
"Rather than a shuttlecraft."
“Instantaneous movement only works when I have a ki source to lock onto, and
there wasn't anything. And your transporters were fouled by the weird
ionization of the atmosphere. So we had to use a shuttle. "
"This part of the ship looks different," Zechs now noticed,
"More...organic...than the rest of it." "Keep your eyes peeled, boys,"
Vegeta said, "Something is very wrong with this place."
REBB looked at the structure of the walls, and suddenly realized something,
"Oh, geez. This is a hive!"
"A hive?" Zechs asked.
"Yeah. And not just any hive. We're talking some of the most vicious
creatures around.

TOM(REBB): You don’t mean...?
JAY: (Transforms to Turbo)
TURBO: Yes, not just any hive, The Hive. *Reverts to Jay*
RELENA: No, I think he mean hybrid clones of Aeka, Naga, and Kodachi.
JAY: You mean there’s a difference?

Their skin is incredibly tough. I think they're silicon based, and they have
concentrated molecular acid for blood. That stuff will eat through anything.
They have retractable jaws, and they're very good at blending into a
background like this. We're probably surrounded as is."

LEENA: Isn’t that when the fight is the best?

"Now there's a cheerful thought," Vegeta muttered, "I don't think they can
hurt me, and I can cover you two. So let's just get back to the shuttle and
get off this rock."
They all marched back outside, paying close attention to the walls, watching
for the slightest hint of motion.
"Um...where is the shuttle?"

Andrew watched on the screen as the shuttle came in on auto-pilot.

[BLAAAR!!! BLAAAR!!!]
JAY: Hoag, what the hell is going on?
HOAG(Bridge, yes BRIDGE, not Projection Room): Ya best get up here, boss.
[Fic stops]
[Jay exits the theater]

On the bridge, Hoag relinquished the center chair as Jay entered, “Report.”

“Hirogen hunters, three ships, Talon class.”

“Damn. Captain Control Interface, online.”

A semi-circle rose from the floor around the captain’s chair, then a form of
steering column raised to fill in the gap in front of Jay. He reached over
and hit two buttons, one brought the GP-03 style viewer that allowed him to
see all around the ship up around the CCI and the other activated the ship’s
ablative armor. “Scanners, nearest planetoid?” The answer flashed in the HUD
part of the steering column, Ceti Alpha V at 500km. Jay put the entire power
of the ship’s Quantum Drive into the flight...

“‘Ey, what’re you doing mate? Trying to bloody well get us all killed?”

“Trust me.”

“‘Trust me’ the bloke says.”

“Just ‘Hold onto ya drawers and don’t piss in ‘em!’ as Cid Highwind said.”

Ceti Alpha V loomed in the viewer as the Anime Star jinked left to avoid
another proton blast. As the Star swooped down into the atmosphere, followed
by two of the pursuers, Jay left a plasma mortar for the hunters.
“Five more seconds...” The first Hirogen ship barely missed the mortar, the
second didn’t.
“Four...” The Star jinked to the right to dodge a quantum torpedo.
“Three...” Jay reached over and press a third button that opened gaps in the
ablative armor for the six Speed of Heat engines Jake “Razor” Clawson had
installed during a brief stopover in Megakat City.
“Two...” A 180-degree turn brought the Star face to face with the second
ship at the same time Jay brought the Trans-Phasic torpedoes online and
extended the SoH engines.
“One, SPEED OF HEAT!” The ship accelerated to the speed of heat itself, and
flew at the Hirogen vessel with Trans-Phasics launching every half-second.
As it appeared that the Kirk and Talon class ships had collided, the Hirogen
ship exploded and the Anime Star returned to the stars from the fire like a
phoenix reborn. In space, the third Talon waited.
“Fun time, Havoc.” That voice command brought a personal system of Jay’s on,
the Apocalypse Run. The Anime Star charged at the Talon class ship with all
weapons firing, turning it into a ruin. When the ship came through, as he
disengaged and retracted the SoH Engines and ablative armor and deactivated
the Captain Control Interface, Jay smirked, “Like I said trust me.”
He then turned and left the bridge leaving us looking at a dedication
plaque.
At the top was a Turbostar, and under it was this:

Anime Star
Kirk Class • Naval Experiment 2992
Utopia Planitia Fleet Yards, Mars
Commissioned: 20022.19ZD
Zeon Principality • Starfleet

Then a new part had been added

MST Syndicate

Then the original plaque continued

“All’s fair in love, war, and MSTing.”

[Jay enters theater]

RELENA: What was that roller-coaster about?
JAY: Just some Jehovah’s Witnesses. ^_^
RELENA: We were being chased by a hostile alien race again, weren’t we?
JAY: Yep! ^_^
RELENA: You’re crazy, you know that?
JAY: Yep! ^_^ But would you want me any other way?
RELENA(Imitating Jay): Nope! ^_^

[Fic resumes]

He made a mental note to remind REBB to stick to procedures about hailing
later. As it was, he was trying to figure out why all the girls were
suddenly on the JEDRI. Bryan came onto the bridge, Urd trailing behind him.
"If you love her, you should just say so," Urd was saying.

JAY: From the time I spent working in the Senshi no Kami, I learned one
thing: Of the three deities of love, Urd has the thickest head.

"For the last time, Asuka is 1) Not my type 2) Dangerous, and 3) Way too
young. So get off my back. Besides, I'm a Rei fan."
Just then, there was a sudden jolt of energy, and the whole ship
reverberated under the force. Bryan and Andrew exchanged looks and sighed,
"Ryoko and Ayeka both found Tenchi."

Aboard the Brian Drummond, Washuu had discovered the laboratory, and
wandered in. There was a large case on the far wall, filled several dozen
vials of what looked like water. On the case, written in large red letters,
was a sign: WARNING. JUSENKYO SAMPLES. DO NOT OPEN. There was another jar on
a shelf, ANGEL TISSUE. EVANGELION PROJECT. UNIT 01 REGENERATION SAMPLE.
"Oooo, Bryan's gonna grow himself an Eva," Washuu giggled.

JAY: Your point? I had my Epyon custom-built, which is why it’s based off
the Epyon in Endless Duel and not the one Zechs has.

There was another case: ANIME COOK SAMPLES. STASIS LOCK. DO NOT OPEN.

JAY: Feeling...

Inside this case were several metal cases, each with a name and a bio-hazard
symbol. KOTOBUKI, C-KO.

RELENA(Continuing): Of...

KATSURAGI, MISATO.

TOM(Continuing): Impending...

TSUKINO, USAGI.

TROWA(Concluding): Dread.

And one case had a black paint job, with a skull and crossbones painted on
it. TENDO, AKANE.

ALL: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!

There were dozens of swords,

TROWA: Japanese Katana, Scottish Claymore, Narn Katak, Zeo-Jin Buster
Sword...

spell books, and gems, all locked under a system of utmost security. Washuu
felt like a kid in a candy store. The computer listed dozens of mech
designs,

JAY: I wonder if he has the plans to the white mech from Robotjox...

starship specs, and biology profiles. It was a library of meticulous
research and planning.
Washuu looked around, "Hmmm. I could use a few of these..."

Sasami stood at the door to the shuttlebay as it opened. She didn't know who
was coming in, but she waited to greet them. There was a soft hissing noise,
and then she saw something of utter horror. It was big, with a sleek, black
body, a domed, eyeless head, and an evil smile of cruel silvery teeth.

ROME: Maybe there’s a genetic link between the Aliens and the Shadows?

It's mouth opened as it issued forth a hideous squealing sound, revealing a
second set of teeth. Its retractable jaw lunged forward, intending to make
Sasami its next meal. It was stopped by Ayeka's force field, as the elder
princess of Jurai, complete with her team, came into the hall. "What is that
thing?" Lain asked.
"That Jackass is dead," Ukyo said with meaning, throwing several of her
spatula darts at it. They cut deep...unfortunately. Concentrated molecular
acid spilled on the deck, and bounced off of the force field. Fortunately,
the hull was duranium, which made it a bit tougher than most metals;
otherwise the acid would have eaten clear through the bulkhead to open
space. As it was, the thing was still alive, and what was worse was it had
now been joined by four more just like it. "Running would be a good idea,"
Ukyo volunteered.

JAY(Sasami as Lennier): Initiating the ‘Get out of Dodge’ maneuver.

The Juraian princesses, one goddess, and Lain didn't bother voicing an
agreement. They just turned and started running.
"HEY! WAIT FOR ME!!!!" Ukyo screeched, not turning her eyes on the hideous
things, and backpedaling as quickly as she could.

Shinji and Bryan were walking the halls with kettles of hot water, unaware
of the presence of the girls on the ship, or even that Ryoga had been found.

"We'll check in here," Bryan said. He opened the hall door, only to be
greeted by one of the Aliens.

JOK(Bryan): Uh... Wrong door.

"Um...sorry to have bothered you," he said, closing the door again, looking
a lot like George Applebee. Very surprised.
"Washuu and Glyph didn't say anything about any of those being aboard...Oh
hell, now I remember what LV-426 is!"
"I mustn't run away, I mustn't run away, I mustn't run away," Shinji
muttered over and over to himself.

JOK(Bryan): TO HELL WITH NOT RUNNING AWAY!

"Normally, Shinji, I'd be with you on that one. However, in this case, I
think running is a really good idea."
The door began to bulge.
"Running is fine," Shinji said, "I'm just fine with running."

JAY(Shinji): How did it go again? Oh yeah, SAOTOME SCHOOL OF ANYTHING GOES
MARTIAL ARTS FINAL ATTACK!
TOM(Bryan): TEKIZEN DAIGYAKUSOU!!!
LEENA: Trust the two of you to know and use the Japanese name for it.

Vegeta, Zechs, and REBB appeared on the bridge of the JEDRI.
"Well, at least Instantaneous Movement came in handy here," Vegeta said.
"Hey, weren't you guys on the shuttle?" Andrew asked.
"No. The auto pilot triggered," Zechs said.
"Andrew," REBB spoke up, "Big troubles. Aliens. Big, Sigourney Weaver
chasing Aliens. They may be on the ship."
"Ummmm, Mew? Ideas?"

HOAG(PR, Mew) ##Get me a clean pair of underwear.##
*Out of nowhere, Hoag gets hit by a Psychic attack.*

## Seal the bridge. ##
"What about the others?"
## Use the com system ##
"Attention, everyone! There are Aliens on the ship! Find cover!"

LEENA(Random crewmember): THERE ARE MANY ALIENS HERE RIGHT NOW, BE SPECIFIC!

Bryan, Shinji, Asuka, Ryoko, Skuld, and Ranma were running down the hall,
away from one of the beasts in question.
"So, how did you guys get here, anyway?" Bryan asked.
"Mom made a dimensional tunnel between ships," Ryoko said, flying.
"I have some things in my lab that can help us kill these things. Where's
the door?"
"Straight ahead!" Bryan and the others burst into the gateway, only to be
followed by the alien. Fortunately, they were right next door to the lab.
Bryan ran in.
"Computer, unseal case J-1!"
"Case J-1 unsealed."
Bryan grabbed several vials, and paced out onto the deck.
"Take this!!!" He lobbed a vial at the alien, and it was immediately doused.

"Bryan," Asuka said, "Not to question your intellect or anything, but what
the hell good will throwing acid on them do?"
"That wasn't acid. That was Jusenkyo."

JAY: Oh, shit.
ALL: Agreed.

They heard a hissing, spitting noise, and where the alien had been was now a
black rabbit. Bryan and Ranma grinned.
"Never underestimate the power of a cursed spring in China," Ran-chan said
in a philosopher's tone.

LEENA: None of us are that stupid. *Evil grin* Except Jok.
JOK: HEY!
LEENA: Is for horses and jackasses, which are you?
JOK: ARGH!
HOAG(PR): Sorry mate, but you left yaself wide open for that’un.

Rei watched as an Alien charged her and her group. It lunged, squealing as
it came. One of its clawed hands swiped at Rei...only to be repelled by an
invisible wall of force.
"Force fields in place," Shara's voice said, "The creature is contained."
"What is that ugly thing?" Akane asked.
"Looks like Ranma in the morning," Ryoga said. He'd managed to find a set of
clothes to change into. Somehow in all the confusion.
"Dangerous," Urd said, looking at the alien.
"Make way," they heard Bryan's voice, "Hazardous substance coming through!"

TOM(Bryan): BEWARE! AKANE’S COOKING!

In his hands he carried a black box with a skull and crossbones painted on
it.
"Open the force field, please, Shara," Bryan said.
"Are you nuts?"

JAY(Bryan as Cyrus “The Virus” Grissom): According to my last psych
evaluation, yes.

"Officially, yes," Bryan said, "But this is a sample from my lab."
The field dropped, and Bryan flung the case at the alien, which shot it's
retractable jaw at the case, impaling it. Suddenly, the alien lumbered to
one side, and keeled over. It was dead.
"W-what was that?" Urd asked.
"A sample of Akane's cooking."

JAY: Nail on the head Tom, nail on the head...

He never saw the mallet that got him.

They dragged Bryan into the sickbay on the Drummond, having once more
crossed ships. Glyph looked surprised, walking behind them.
"Computer," Rei said, "Activate the EMH."

BONES(Over com): Eh, whadda ya want?
JAY: Not you, McCoy, a different EMH.

Kasumi Tendo appeared out of thin air, "What seems to be the problem?"
"Bryan here may have a concussion." They turned to show Bryan to Kasumi,
only to find another mallet planted firmly on his head.
"And just WHAT is my sister doing as your EMH, you pervert?"
"It's nothing like that!" Bryan said defensively, and Shinji blinked,
hearing his line come from someone else,

JAY: If I heard someone else say “I’m gonna kick ass and take names, then go
back and kick any I missed” I’d be scared.
HOAG(PR): Or another ship with the motto “All’s fair in love, war, and
MSTing.”

"I have this natural fear of doctors, so I wanted someone with a pleasant
demeanor and that wouldn't talk down to me. Kasumi helped me with the core
personality."
"I think it's a compliment, she IS the nicest person I have ever found, next
to Belldandy," Glyph smiled. "Why does Bryan have a concussion, if I may
ask?"

TOM: He commited a major blunder: He insulted an anime female’s cooking with
her around.

Bryan pointed to Akane, then said one word, "Cooking."
"Oh dear," Glyph echoed in monotone. "Bryan, you're as bad as Ranma!"
Glyph tried to not smile. "It seems that REBB is the only one that likes
your cooking, hon. Too bad he can't eat it without problems."
Bryan looked at her wildly. "He LIKES her cooking?" then "What sorta
problems does he have with her cooking?"
Glyph sighed. "He gets gas."
"And that's a problem?" Urd asked.
"Flammable gas. Tendo-san had lit a cigarette when REBB burped, we had to
duck under a table to keep from getting burned."
"Huh?"

TOM/JAY(Glyph): With a lighter and Akane’s cooking, he’s a flamethrower.
(Themselves) Woah.

"Pardon the pun, it was a natural gas explosion, miniature size. Tendo-san
was a cinder for a few moments."
But then Glyph brought out her light bo, it was very similar to Ryoko's
light sword, but made for battle as a staff.
"Can Zod here take over for a while? I think you need my help over there."
She looked sternly at them.

RELENA(Glyph as Londo): Don’t give away the ship.

Tenchi, in the meanwhile, was looking at one of the aliens. He had changed
into Juraian royal armor, and he was holding sword Tenchi at his side, with
the blade extended. At least he had a little help. Ryoga was to his left,
and was getting ready to throw some bandannas like shriken. The other boy
had found him when the others had went to help deal with Bryan's injury.
Well, that's kind of what happened...
"What the?!!!"
Actually, he about had wandered into the creatures path, lost again, if
Tenchi hadn't sliced through the one, but still it had a partner. . . and
both boys were getting rather tired. Ryoga hated to admit he might owe the
Masaki kid. They had to hold them off until someone could. . .
"Don't these things quit?" Tenchi grumbled.

JAY: Both Alien and Arachnid Warriors are unable to surrender.

"Ida know," Ryoga paused as he threw two more. They struck the creature,
only to cut a little then fall. "They are way ugly though!"

RELENA: Ryouga’s a poet and he don’t know it.

They did hold off the creature. Which didn't seem to tire. But then Tenchi
saw someone with blue hair, no, two people gaining on the creature. He
recognized them! Ryoko was flying, carrying Glyph!
"Shara, forcefield!" Glyph shouted. She released her hold. She bounced off
of it, then slam-
dunked what looked like a small jar of water over the Alien. The forcefield
held it there for a few seconds as she got away.
"Shara, drop forcefield!"
Then she remembered. "Don't let it get on you guys!" she yelled.
Ryoga ducked, and pushed Tenchi out of the way. He knew what the water was.

TOM: I can see it now: the cat-like Ryoko and the Cat cursed formed Tenchi.
^_^

A little black bird suddenly paused, then took off into the corridors. Glyph
heaved for a moment, catching her breath.
"Are you guys okay?" she asked. Tenchi finally grinned. Then he put up a
thumbs-up sign. Ryoga brushed his hair back, grinning as well.
"Bout time some of that actually came in handy!" he smirked.

Pathos mewled in fright. What were they? Where was everybody? He kept hid
from a creature, as it moved down the hall. The pipes were slowing it down.
He spied Lady Ayeka, Sasami, Belldandy, Lain, and Ukyo pinned to one wall,
Ayeka's forcefield was up. Belldandy seemed to be enhancing it. Pathos held
his breath, then very carefully climbed one of the pipes. He balanced on the
pipe, scooting quietly along it. The creature moved further down, seemingly
not noticing the boy above its head.

TROWA: Begin bombing run.

"Ayeka, look!" Ukyo whispered. Ayeka did, and gasped. Pathos clung to the
pipe, abruptly afraid. He had closed his eyes, but then opened them again
and continued.
"Acrophobic, oh poor boy," Ayeka sighed.
"Nevermind that, we have to help him before that THING notices him!"
But then Pathos reached the end of the pipe. He slid off, not all that
gracefully, and landed. The Alien swung around. It hissed. Pathos shrieked,
making a mad dash for them.
"Ayeka! Let your force field down to let him in!" Ukyo demanded.
"But what about. . ."
"JUST SHUT UP AND DO IT!!!!" Ayeka dropped the forcefield. Pathos darted
into Ayeka's embrace.
"NOW. . ."
“DON'T! I GOT EM!!!!!!!" Shara snapped on the force field. The creature
halted, coming upon a crackling energy source. Pathos turned to the sound,
his ears flattened against his head.
"Who are you and why didn't you do that sooner?" Lain asked, her eyes alert.

"Lady Ayeka's forcefield prevented me from raising my own. I'm Shara, the
JEDRI's computer." Ukyo finally smiled. " At least you had a reason, Shara,
but what the hell do we do with these things?"

JAY(Shara): Saute them lightly in a butter sauce.

"Jusenkyo seems to work."
"WE AREN'T IN JUSENKYO, SHARA!" Ukyo snarled.
"Bryan has some samples of water on the Drummond, he had used them on at
least two of the creatures, if you guys find a rather nasty bird or bunny
later."
"I guess we're stuck here then," Belldandy murmured. Then suddenly they
discerned four people coming towards them!
"Lord Tenchi!" Ayeka crowed.
"Hey, Ryoga! Over here!" Ukyo yelled.
Glyph and Ryoko both were carrying small vials of water, ready to battle.
"Shara, lower the forcefield!" Tenchi jumped into the air, just behind the
bottle, and above it. It shattered when the sword went through it. Then he
made to the other side, almost running into Ukyo's legs. The water doused
the creature.
"Oh cool, a puppy!" Glyph laughed, then, "Shara, is that the last one?"
"Yes, I think." Glyph exhaled, then chuckled. "You think? Oh well, Whew!
That'll teach them never to attack a MST ship, oorrr the stars of anime
series! Great work guys, OMFPH!"

TOM: That blunder is only precluded by going up against a Sicilian when
DEATH is on the line and/or getting involved in a land war in Asia.

Pathos slammed into her, his hands outstretched over her shoulders. He then
nuzzled into her arm. She saw that his eyes were wide and watering, mainly
from fright.
"Hey, it's okay...they're gone now," Glyph comforted him. Ryoga though came
up to the puppy. "Well aren't you swee... YOW!" He jumped back as the dog
snarled, and then he checked his hand. That thing didn't find him friendly.
At least there were no teeth marks.
"Jeeeeeeeezzzzzzz! Talk about your junkyard dawgs!" Glyph muttered.

JAY: Alien Puppy, I hereby dub thee Leroy Brown.

"Let's put them in the brig for now, if we find more." Shara though did
something better. She called the dog, and flashed the smell of a steak. That
way she led the vicious ones away. Ayeka glanced at Ryoga, and then suddenly
smacked her forehead.
"Oh, the clue!" Everyone looked at her.
"In all the excitement. . . uhm," she turned to Ryoga. Her eyes were as big
and as innocent as a chibi kid. He glanced at her, looking very surprised.
"Hibiki-san, could you pretty-please, lend me your bandanna?"

TROWA(Ryoga): No.

"Nani?" This sounded weird to his ears, even if she was speaking Japanese.
Ayeka tried not to sound like he was stupid.
"Your bandanna. May I borrow it?"
"Which one?" Now she looked like she was in puzzlement.
"How many are you wearing?" she asked, sounding like her regular self.
"Y'know, I've never counted," here Ryoga removed one and handed it to her.
The others did look surprised as they saw he did have another one
underneath.
"Though I can't figure out either why they keep falling about my neck, or
losing them. . ." he abruptly looked at Ukyo and shut up. "Nevermind."

With the danger over, and the crews intermingling, Urd saw her chance to
spread a little romance.

JAY(Chief Hoxsley from Liberty Corps #5): Holy oh lord fuck a wild man.
RELENA: Crude, Rude, but fitting.

She was delighted to see that Tenchi and Ayeka...no, wait, Tenchi and
Ryoko...Tenchi and Washuu...
>Damn it, Tenchi, how many girlfriends do you have, anyway?< Urd sighed.

RELENA: Counting she-who-drives-all-Tenchi-fans-including-my-fiance-nuts,
seven.

Then she spotted sweet, cute Ukyo, and Vegeta. She went off to work her
charms.

Bryan, meanwhile, was taking several aspirin. The top of his head was
wrapped in gauze, and he had a splitting headache. Glyph winced in finally
seeing the injury extent. Andrew patted him on the back, then stopped as
Bryan grimaced.
"Akane has one hell of a swing there, don't she?"
"Well, at least we know about the Treasure Hunt now," Bryan said.
"Yes, but all that back and forthing you did was strenuous on the gateway,"
Washuu moaned, "I had to reset them. Do you have any idea what sort of time
that takes?"

ROME: 2.6 hours.

"Surely it can't be a problem for the number one genius scientist in the
universe," Glyph said, teasing. "Maybe, Bryan, you should ask Ryoga for one
of his bandannas to cover the bandage." Here Bryan groaned.

Lain, meanwhile, was getting to know Shara better.
"See, I started out as a program myself. I was created to destroy the
barrier between the 'real world' and 'the Wired'."
"But you have a body now?"
"Yeah. The guy who programmed me needed me to be human for it to work."
"Sounds like some other dolls I could name," Asuka sniped, walking by. Then
she spied the cutest guy she'd seen in along time. He looked to be about
seventeen.

TOM: Make that eight girls for Tenchi.

In typical Asuka fashion, she walked over to introduce herself, "Hiyeee! My
name's Asuka. Asuka Langley Sohryu. And you are?"
"Tenchi. Tenchi Masaki," he offered his hand.
"HEY!" Ayeka piped up, "Just what do you think you're doing? Lord Tenchi is
with me!"
Rei watched. If she were the sort to show emotions, she might have sighed at
that point. Instead, she walked over to where Pathos and REBB were eating,
and made herself a plate.
"You should try the burgers," REBB informed her, "They're really good."
"I'm a vegetarian," Rei said simply.
Belldandy walked over, "Have any of you seen a tall woman with blue hair in
flowing robes?" Tsunami appeared out of thin air, materializing before the
Norn Goddess.
"Oneechan!" They both cried out and hugged.
"I didn't know you guys were related," Bryan said.

JAY: Kamis and Megamis don’t have to be related by blood, or even by power
or realm for that matter.

"Oh, we're not. We just call each other that. But we Megami tend to run into
each other a lot. We know most of the same higher plane entities and such,"
Belldandy explained.
Ranma turned to Akane, "It's getting late. I'm going back over to the
Drummond to take a shower and get some sleep. We can finish the Treasure
Hunt tomorrow."
"Ranma! You promised!"

TOM(Ranma): I lied.

"Relax. I'll throw cold water on myself after I shower, Ok?"
Akane sighed, "All right. I'll join you in a minute."
"For the last time, I don't want to date him!" Ukyo was heard above the
crowd, "He's a short guy with really bad hair! Besides..."
Here Ukyo grabbed a hold of Ryoga's arm.
"I already got a fiancé."
Ryoga started to say something, but then Ukyo jabbed him in the ribs.

JAY(Ukyo as Y-Wing pilot): Stay on my wing Six, just stay on my wing.

It was one signal he knew how to read. She'd explain later, just shut up.
"Well at least no one ever confused me for the wrong gender," Vegeta said.
Urd must have thought pairing the two of them was a good idea. Glyph winced,
hoping to not have a scene. "That's right," REBB said, "Vegeta's never been
mistaken for a man...I mean...Oops!"

RELENA: Hoag, the fic/theater seperation system IS working, right?
HOAG(PR): Fine as a crossbow, Bossette.

Vegeta had a vein on his forehead that seemed to be throbbing at an unusual
rate, "REBB, I hope your insurance is paid in full!"

Ryoko had come to the Brian Drummond to get some quiet time. She was sitting
in the hangar bay, lying on the Epyon, when she felt a hand on her shoulder.
She turned to see Zechs looking at her.
"Anything wrong?" He asked.
"Nah. It's just late. We've still got a bit of partying to do. I'm just
beat. You?"
"All right. I'm heading back over to the JEDRI."

Zechs was aboard the JEDRI once more, and he removed his helmet, to reveal
his long, flowing blonde hair and platinum blue eyes. Suddenly, he seemed to
be surrounded by beautiful young girls, all of whom looked at him with big,
innocent kaleidoscope eyes.

*Rome and Leena are also doing so.*
RELENA: What? You expect me to be affected? One, he’s my brother, and two: I
prefer the black haired, silver eyed type.
JAY(Blushes slightly): Hoag, Tactic 835.
*A torrent of water crashes down on Rome and Leena, snapping them out of
it.*

The only ones unaffected were Glyph, who was holding onto Andrew, and Rei.
Bryan sighed.
"Surely you're not jealous, Mr. Weber," Glyph asked, a smile on her face.
"Jealous, no," Bryan said grinning, "Dateless, yes. Hmmm. Urd's fond of
match ups. I wonder if she's looking for a date herself..."
"I don't get it. What's he got that we ain't got?" Vegeta asked.

RELENA: Height, style, Aura of Smooth...
JAY: And one big damn transforming robot!

"Shall I list it to you alphabetically, or by a measure of standard?" Glyph
chuckled.
"He's got long hair, a smooth voice, piercing blue eyes, and stands over
five feet tall," Bryan said to Vegeta.
"Besides, I always liked the red- or dark-haired kind," She whispered over
to Andrew, then finally spoke to Vegeta. "And the fact that if you ever got
turned on your head, you'd look like a paintbrush, nothing personal."
And here she asked a long thought about question, in the weirdest sense of
the word, "How does that stay up like that anyway?" she ran her free hand
over the top of his hair.
“Saiya-jin hair is naturally springy," Vegeta intoned.

TROWA: So you can turn a Saya-jin upside down and use them as a pogo stick?
JOK: Trowa just made a joke, the end is at hand!

"So what were you guys gonna do anyway, before all the ruckus?" Glyph asked
of Bryan when the others separated for the night.
"Karaoke, I suppose. We were just hanging around really. But why didn't you
guys mention Shara, before?"

LEENA(Glyph): But then how could we get nude pictures of you?
JAY: LEENA! Not you too?!

"A girl has to keep some secrets," Glyph smiled, but added, "Seriously, we
wanted you guys to think that there was no girls around, and just let you be
yourselves-which I suppose for Shinji and Tenchi, that doesn't happen very
often."
"What the hell was that all about?" they heard coming down the hall. Glyph
sighed. Ryoga sure had a voice that carried. It seemed to do that now.
"Well, it would have looked pretty funny to her if I had grabbed Ran-chan
right about then. Urd thinks of herself as some damn matchmaker. He was
still a girl at that point!" Ukyo snarled back. An argument seemed to be
starting. Bryan winced again, holding the side of his head.
"It's gonna be a loooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnggggg night," both Glyph and
he muttered together. Then she laughed, kissed Andrew, then walked through
the gateway.
"Hold your ears. HEY, UC-CHAN! MOVE YA ASS! WE GOTTA GO!" she yelled back.
"You have the most perfect timing," Ukyo fumed, running down the hall.

Glyph had ducked in, and steadied herself in front of those that had gone
through. Then she got a look at her watch. It was set for her own time, so
when she yawned she paused. That can't be right, that would have to mean it
was almost four in the morning! She started to head for the quarters she was
using for the night. It just the whole ship had a smell that she wasn't
familiar with-it was a thing she had picked up from Pathos.

HOAG(PR): He’s not the only one who gets unnerved by new places.

It felt a little weird when she realized she was doing it. She pulled her
shirt over her head, and changed into her nightshirt. Glyph started to brush
her hair out, then rebraided it. She giggled, then got her roll. And her
toothbrush...she began to brush her teeth. She would miss Pathos being at
the foot of the bed. Somehow even yet, his kitten tendencies still came out
in his sleep. If only she could get him to stop sucking on his thumb. Glyph
bumped into Ryoko in the hall.
"Something wrong, Ryoko?" She asked, trying to keep from spitting toothpaste
on the former space pirate.
"Ready for the big late night?" She asked, finally smiling.
"As soon as I can get my mouth rinsed out," Glyph slurred around the paste.
"Then I think we'll..." A shriek came down the hall.
"AKKKKKAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNEEEE!!!!!!!"

JOK: I guess Akane and Ranma really ARE having hot lesbian sex...

Glyph and Ryoko stared at each other before running down the hall. Why was
Ranma yelling? Was the martial artist in trouble? "AKKKKAAAAAAAANNNEEEEEE!"

Akane jumped up from where she was rolling out her bedroll. Ranma! All the
other girls were starting to stare in that direction. Akane darted in the
direction of the bathroom. Ran-chan was panicked. She ran the water as hot
as she could get it without boiling in a pan. She had done this so many
times now she couldn't remember it being cold. Akane had to catch herself on
the doorframe.
"Ranma! What's wrong?"
"Akane, check this for me! PLEASE!" Ranma handed her the ladle bucket. Akane
about dropped it; the water was Hot!
"It's hot! It's hot!" Akane yelped.
"Thanks!" Ranma threw it on herself.
"YOW!" Akane let out a surprised hiss herself. Ranma was still a girl!
Glyph and Ryoko came in the room at about that point, "What's going on?!"
"EEEEEK!!!" Ranma covered herself with a towel, "Knock, will you!"
"Geez, you're as much of a prude as Ayeka," Ryoko muttered.
"That's what you think," Akane whispered.
"Who's yelling?" Ayeka's voice came.

RELENA: A gender mixed fighter.

"Ranma's stuck in girl-type," Akane said to Glyph out of Ryoko's earshot.
"HE'S WHAT?! You can't be serious!"

JAY: No, I can’t be serious. This however, is.

"He who?" Ryoko asked.
"Nevermind," Akane said, "Glyph, this is serious!"
Glyph thought about it, "I'm going to the bridge to talk to call Bryan. Keep
Ranma calm, and don't let any of the others in here."

"No," Bryan said from his temporary room on the JEDRI, "I don't have any
agents in my lab that would undo the effects of Jusenkyo, or any that would
make them permanent. Did Ranma have any of Shampoo's Water-Proof Soap?"
Glyph shook her head, "No. And if it wasn't your lab..."
"Ask Washuu if she was fooling with any of my stuff," Bryan said, "And I'll
talk to Ryoga and see if he knows anything about Jusenkyo curses becoming
permanent."

Belldandy met Glyph as she was coming out of the bridge, "What was all that
yelling just now?" Glyph had resolved herself to keeping Ranma's secret, but
if anyone could help, then it was Belldandy, "Ranma isn't really a girl,
Belldandy. He's a guy who got a curse put on him. He turns into a girl when
he gets splashed with cold water. Hot water usually undoes it, but at the
moment, it's not working."
"Oops."
"Oops? Belldandy, anything that follows after 'Oops' is not a good thing."

RELENA(Belldandy as Cpt. Steven Hiller - ID4): Uhh, let’s try that again.
JAY(Glyph as David Levinson - ID4): Yes, yes, without the oops this time.

"Well, I thought that the evil energy I sensed was the male form, and that
the female form was the proper one, so I took away the effect of hot water."

Glyph sighed in relief, "Great. That explains it...You can fix it."
"Um, not exactly. You see, if it was a curse, then I don't
exactly...well...I can't cast a curse. I'm a Goddess, not a Demon."

JAY(Glyph): Guess I’ll have to have Shara call Keiko and have her ask Kurama
or Hiei to come here to help.

Glyph tapped her comm badge, "Bryan, you're never gonna believe this..."

"She did WHAT?"
Bryan had been sharing a room with Andrew, who woke up groggily, "Was goan
on?"
"Belldandy cured Ranma of his male form."
ROME/RELENA/LEENA: *Snicker*
MALES: IT’S NOT FUNNY!!!

Andrew blinked, "You're kidding."
"He's not kidding, Drew," Glyph said, "And some of the others are beginning
to ask questions we don't exactly want to answer."
"What about the Dragonballs?" Andrew said. "Didn't you guys have them at
some point?"
"That's right," Bryan snapped his fingers, "Vegeta has them in his quarters.
Shen-Ron can undo it."
"Will Vegeta mind that we use his wish?"

TOM(Bryan): Did I say we were going to ask or tell him?

"Are you kidding? I've been trying to get those away from him before he
figured out how to summon Shen-Ron and grant himself immortality."

Shen-Ron was an impressive sight, to be sure. Especially cramped in the
shuttle bay of the Drummond.

JAY: Why the Shen-ron balls and not the Porunga balls?

"I will grant any wish. It shall be only one. Name thy request."
"Shen-Ron," Ranma yelled, "I wish for hot water to turn me into a guy
again!"

TOM: He’s become so used to that, that he didn’t use a chance to become a
male full-time again. ^_^

"So be it." Shen-Ron's eyes flashed, and then the Dragonballs scattered.
Akane poured the teakettle over Ranma, and he turned into his male form
again.
"I'm me again!"
"Um, Ranma," Bryan clapped his hand to his forehead, "Why didn't you ask the
dragon to permanently return you to normal?"
Ranma let out a "D'OH!" that would have made Homer Simpson proud! Some of
the other girls looked up from what ever they were doing.
"What the heck was that?" Asuka blurted.

JAY: Ranma letting out a “D’OH!” that would have made Homer Simpson proud,
didn’t you hear?

Tenchi and Shinji were starting to lie out some blankets that Cypher had
commandeered from his storage on the JEDRI. Since he never slept in a
regular bed like a human, he just kept them in the fire closet.
"Okay, for the bed, who's gonna call it?" he said, taking an American
quarter from his desk. "Don't matter to me," Shinji offered. A call of
'tails' came up, just as an odd sound about drowned it out.
“What in the world?" Cypher stopped in mid-motion. He paused, waiting.
Shinji got the bed. Tenchi started to cover a nearby beanbag chair.

Glyph sighed. At least, it was a problem that they had solved in time. She
tried to smile, and then whispered to Bryan, "It would have ruined the
series, anyway, sheez."
Then she spoke up to Ranma, "You would have had to move your stuff. No way
Asuka or any of the others would have let you back on board. But, hey, you
aren't the kind that likes the easy solution, remember?"
Ranma finally let out a sigh. "You got some points there. Oh well, back to
bein' a girl, I guess."

While aboard the Drummond, Bryan stopped by the Arboretum. He invited Glyph,
Rei, and Ayeka with him. Ranma went back to the bathroom to finish his
shower. Akane, this time, stood over the door!
"What is this place?" Glyph asked, surveying what looked like a rainforest
in the middle of the ship.

JOK(Bryan) The Garden of Eden.

"Great, isn't it? I have all sorts of alien trees here. This one here,"
Bryan stopped at what looked like a magnificent pine, "is a cross between a
fir tree and a Juraian space tree. Ayeka, if you would, please."
Ayeka nodded, and touched the tree with the key to Ryu-oh. It began to
shimmer with all the colors of the rainbow.
"A Christmas tree," Rei noted.
"Not quite. It's Startica Festival on Jurai, and I thought we could all
celebrate together."

LEENA: What the hell is Startica?

Aboard the JEDRI, Bryan, after he had returned, and the others engaged in a
game (since guys never sleep until they're about to drop anyway.)

MALES: Guilty as charged!

"Alright, who am I?" Vegeta said, and then slipped into an impersonation,
"'Fair ones, no! Lacking suitable male companionship, you have, no doubt, in
your innocence, turned to each other!' "

TOM: Kuno Tatewaki.

REBB and Ryoga chortled. Andrew rolled his eyes. Cypher and Bryan sighed.
"Too easy. That's Kuno."
"Hey, how about this one," Bryan said, " 'Take your Kiss of Death like a
man.' "
JAY: Ryouga.

"That brings back such memories," Ryoga sighed.
"Okay, here's one," Andrew got up, then assumed a hunched over position and
made a very squeaky tone to his voice...
"It's rude not to peek."

JAY/TOM: Nabuyuki.
JAY: I think he and Happosai are related.

This time Tenchi groaned. "Good one on my dad."
"I got one," Shinji said, grinning, " 'Don't get me wrong. I'm not here to
save you. It's my sworn duty to kill you.' "

TROWA: Sounds like me or Heero, but I know it’s niether of us, so I’ll go
with another like us: Vegeta.

Everyone in the room groaned, "Prince Vegeta."
Vegeta sniffed, "I'm not THAT bad."
"Oh yeah. Anyone else know someone who kept threatening to kill someone, but
never getting around to attempting it?" Ryoga asked.

TROWA: That’s next on my list of things to do today.
JAY: Do you keep that list under an old brass paperweight?
*Rimshot*

Bryan, Andrew, and Zechs rolled their eyes and exchanged knowing glances.
"Here's one," Zechs said, " 'Let's shake the dew from this lily!' "

TOM: Washu. If lily was replaced with black rose, it could almost be Kuno
Kodachi.

Everyone in the room shuddered. An electronic shiver could be felt coming
from Shara.
"Washuu at her worst," Tenchi said.

Now finally some rest, Glyph thought. Yeah, right.
Ryoga gave a snort. He and REBB were decidedly bunked together. Well, the
big cybertronian slept in his griffin form in a tight ball while Ryoga had a
spot near the wall.
"Why do I," here he plunked a thick cord attached to an easily matching
ankle bracelet, "gotta wear this for?" It attached to the wall.
"You gotta ask that?" REBB kept his head down. "You're the one with the
nickname of 'houkou baka'!"
Direction less idiot. Ryoga growled. "What if I have to pee or something?"

JOK: Hold it.
REBB didn't even move. "It stretches. I'll take it off in the morning."
"You didn't have to hit me so hard to get it on, though."
"Not the way you fight. And I wasn't about to use water on you, would have
been too large for P-chan." Ryoga settled down. He soon heard the big rumble
of the griffin's sleeping breath, then snoring.
"Damn," Ryoga muttered, putting the pillow over his head, "Should have
thought of ear plugs."

Ryoko ran a finger in the dip pile she had one her plate. She noticed the
other girls, chatting, reading, eating, doing each other's hair. Typical
girl fare. Ryoko was getting a little bored. After Glyph had told her that
she didn't want her along to help Ranma, she had threatened to show off that
baby picture Washuu had stashed.

JAY: The greatest weapon against any teen/young adult.

Ryoko growled. She was trying to stay on her best behavior... But this was
getting boring. Ayeka paused, sitting up with a laugh.
"If only she knew how annoying that laugh was..." Ryoko thought.
Ukyo paused for a moment, then sighed in relief, "Whew. For a moment, I
thought Kodachi had made her way here."
But then Ryoko saw her chance. She swiped up a small hair restraint, turned
onto her back, and flicked it like a rubber band. It zinged into the back of
Ayeka's head.

JOK: There was a hollow sound when it hit.

"OH!" Ayeka yipped, spilling her drink. She turned, noticing the vacant
stare of Ryoko's to the far wall. For someone who had extreme power, Ayeka
calmly walked up to Ryoko. She carried her fluffiest pillow.
"Ryoko, I'm warning you. Glyph doesn't want any fights tonight, so I suggest
you stop..." Ayeka suddenly found a pillow hitting her in the face. Ryoko
though, hadn't moved.

RELENA: Jay...
JAY: It wasn’t me!
*Trowa slips a second pillow behind his back.*

"You were saying something, AWKK?" she asked. Ayeka swung, smacking the
pillow into the space pirate's face. Now the fight was on!
"Please, stop this!" Belldandy started, "Or ..."

RELENA(Belldandy): I shall be forced to attack you with many pillows.

She didn't have time to finish. Both Ayeka and Ryoko fopped her with their
weapons of choice, pillows! Everyone had started to duck.

ALL: QUACK! QUACK!
Ukyo blurted, "Hey! PILLOW FIGHT!"
Rei sat on a couch, reading a book. She dodged the occasional stray pillow
without looking, until she felt a tapping on her shoulder.
"Guten Abend, Wonder Girl," Asuka smiled, bringing down her pillow. Rei
threw herself backwards, unintentionally pushing Ayeka off course, away from
Ryoko and into Washuu.
"Oh, so it's a fight ya want, eh?" Washuu pulled out two large pillows,
"Prepare for the awesome might of my super-dimensional pillows, then."
"You are the greatest, Washuu," Yes Doll A said.
"You are a geniu...skwark!!" Yes Doll B was hit with a pillow wielded by Rei
Ayanami.

ALL: THANK YOU REI!!!

"I had to do it!" Rei said defensively, receiving cheers from all present.
Everyone looked at each other and started throwing pillows. Sasami giggled
as she swung up another one. Then Belldandy joined in. By then, all but the
missing trio were making feathers fly everywhere. Glyph sighed. She had met
the two martial artists in the hall, and they were sharing over a joke. She
actually felt great. Maybe a little rest and then...
"What in the world?" Akane blurted. Glyph saw the feathers flying from the
doorway. What happened, Skuld or Washuu had tried to explode a chicken? Was
it any one of the Megami sisters? Skuld's laugh was very loud. Glyph banged
open the door. Everyone halted. Feathers started to settle over the scene.
"What are you guys doing? I said no-fippmPHHHHHH!" >From somewhere, a pillow
banged her in the face, causing her to fall back out of the door. A
collective gasp came from the room. Who had thrown that? Ranma-chan bent
over her, looking very alarmed. Glyph sat up, holding her head.
"Ow!" she grated out. Everyone held their breath. But the young woman stood,
walked into the center of the room. Akane and Ranma stayed in the doorframe.

"All right guys," Glyph ground out. She sounded mad!

JAY(Glyph, pulling out Mega Pillow Launchers): Now it’s my turn. :>

"HAVE AT IT!" she yelled, laughing. She threw the pillow at Rei. Then they
all were back to swinging pillows and laughing. The two martial artists at
the door shrugged, and then jumped in. "See? I told you this would be fun!"
Akane yelled over the screams.

Tenchi reawoke when the door slid open. He jerked further awake, when he
heard the slight patter of feet. Shinji was also started waking, but by
something landing softly on his feet. He felt the thing settle, and then he
sat up.
"Tenchi?" he hissed, "You awake?"
"Yes," Tenchi blurted. Only to be hushed by Shinji.
"What is by my ankles? Can you see?" Tenchi sat up as well; he stared at the
end of the bed.

RELENA(Ryoko): Ohayo, Tenchi!
"Well?"
"Can't tell, it's got its face covered. And in a blanket." Tenchi got closer
and whispered.
"Wait, ah, it's Pathos!"
"Pathos?! But doesn't he have his own room?" Pathos gave a cat-like stretch,
then curled up with a thumb in his mouth. Shinji almost wanted to finally
laugh. Except that his left foot was going to sleep.
"Apparently, he sleeps where it's warm, and safe," Tenchi broke into a
smile. They watched as the cat-boy snoozed.
"Umm, are you thirsty, by any chance?" Shinji asked. They both slipped out
into the corridor.

Ryoga finally had had enough. He also had to get a drink of water. Where in
the world was the bathroom, anyway? He got up, and walked to the door. The
cord responded accordingly, and he stopped.
"I wonder how far this will stretch?" he smiled. He started to walk. And
walk. And walk.

Shinji and Tenchi had found the Mess Hall, and had replicated themselves
some drinks. Tenchi picked up a mixture of milk, honey, and a little
vanilla. Shinji had what looked to be Kool-aid. "This is rather nice,"
Tenchi murmured.
"Do you think Cypher would mind if we took this back to his room?" Shinji
asked. Tenchi shrugged. They had walked a few feet down the hall when they
spotted Ryoga coming towards them. He seemed to be all right, but what was
the bit about the ankle? Tenchi wondered.

JOK: Don’t wonder too far, with Ryoga around you might get lost.

"Hi guys, where did you find those?" he asked, starting to smile.
"Back there, Mess hall." Shinji looked down.
"What is with the bracelet? They don't trust you?" Ryoga sighed.
"Apparently not with directions."
"Beg pardon?"
"Never mind. Do you guys mind if I hang with you for a while? REBB snores
like a badly tuned chain-saw!"
"Well, we weren't ready to sleep yet, either," Tenchi chuckled, remembering
Pathos. "We were going to watch one of those movies upstairs. Care to join
us?"
"Do you think you guys can remove this first?" Tenchi bent over the ankle
bracelet. What sort of writing was this? He noticed the marks and circles.
They didn't fit any Japanese structure, or roman.

JAY: Of course it doesn’t, it’s Cybertronian. Let’s see, it shows ‘stretch’,
‘lock’, and ‘retract’.

But then he spotted one single 'R'.
"I don't recognize the other lines, but there is an 'R', do you think it can
stand for 'release'?"
Ryoga shrugged. "Ida know, try it."

TROWA: Famous last words.

Those four words sealed his fate. Tenchi had blinked. One minute Ryoga had
been standing next to him, the next...there was a sharp twang, a weird
thump, a surprised yelp, a rush of wind, and the sound not unlike a Great
Dane trying to stop on a slick linoleum floor! (Ryoga's fingernails!) Even
Mihoshi could not have planned it better!
Shinji gasped, "Uhm, could that also have stood for 'retract'?"

ALL: Yes.

They both watched helplessly as two of Ryoga's bandannas and his left house
slipper landed (the ankle bracelet had been on his right foot) on the
corridor floor. Ryoga let out a yell as his thigh slammed into a floor
grate. Shinji finally brushed the shock away.
"Uh, Tenchi, when he stops, you'd better hide."
"Why?"
"Because he's gonna kill you."

TROWA(Shinji): Slowly and painfully.

Shinji suddenly winced as Ryoga let out another yelp, and then tried to hold
onto the corridor wall as the cord zipped around a corner.
"That's going to leave a mark!"

Bryan had decided to get some more painkillers from the infirmary aboard the
JEDRI. Sleeping with a headache didn't help. And he had to get up in the
morning to repair the damages the Aliens had caused, or Glyph would be very,
VERY upset. He noticed a thin, taunt cord in the hall. It was red in color,
and was about a couple of inches off the floor. This was curious! Was it
some sort of alarm system? He stepped over it.

LEENA: BIG Mistake.

Nothing happened.
"Shara?" Nothing.
"Hey, Shara!"
"What do you want?"
"You wouldn't happen to know what this is about?"
"What is?"
Bryan suddenly stopped as the cord started to move, very fast, zipping down
the corridor past his nose.

JOK(Shara): Bryan...
TOM(Bryan): Yes?
JOK(Shara): MOVE!

"Bryan, I wouldn't stand there." Shara abruptly blurted. Bryan didn't hear
her. He just started to recognize the shape. >WHAMMM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!< He was
dragged for a few feet, and then dropped.
"Sorrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!" he heard before blacking out.
"Bryan, Bryan!" Shara attempted when he didn't move.
"Yoo-hoo, Weber-san! Up an'attem, babycakes!" He didn't respond.
"Boy, that's gonna hurt when he wakes UP!" she muttered.

WHAP! Fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffftttttttttttthhhump! Ryoga
hit the wall, and fell onto his sleeping bag. He paused for a moment, then
moved.
"OW!" he turned his neck. "OW. Ow. Owowowowowowowowowowowowow!"
"You found the 'retract' button, didn't you?" REBB yawned as he rolled over.

ALL(Ryoga): Yes.
TOM: Wait a tick, Ryoko, Ryoga, Vejito, Kagato.
JAY: I think I see it. Although then it’d be Kogato.
VEGETA(Over com from the Drummond): Do not remind me of merging with
Kakorotto!

Shara was getting worried. Bryan wasn't waking up. She called one of the
scutters over. Scutters were an idea REBB and Washuu picked up from another
ship. Some were shaped like little cranes, others like insects. Shara called
one cleaning scutter up, it clung to the wall with all eight section cupped
feet. It moved quietly down the wall. And it climbed over Bryan to his face.
When he felt the water, Bryan blinked. One of his glasses lens had popped
out of the frame, intact. What was the number of that freight train? He then
stared down at his chest. It looked like a
reeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaallllllllllllllllllleeeeeeeeeeeeeeee big spider.
"S-shara?"
"Yeah?"
"Did I drink or eat anything tonight that would be causing me to
hallucinate?"

ROME: No, but you did suffer a blow to the head.

"Nope."
"Right. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" The spider skittered away.
"It was only a robot, Bryan," Shara said soothingly, "You're ok."
"If it's alright with you, I think I'm going to go to sickbay and pass out
now."
"No, it's not all right."

The Kasumi hologram was tending to several bruises and bumped heads. She
placed a bandage over Sasami's nose.
"It's all in fun until someone gets hurt," she intoned

TROWA: Then it REALLY gets fun.
.
"She started it!!" Ayeka pointed at Ryoko.
"Did not!" Ryoko responded, sticking out her tongue.
Just then Lain came in the room, "Zod's working again."
"And not a moment too soon," Zod said, "Glyph, I've been trying to warn you
guys since Skuld took me offline! I'm reading a bio-signature in the
transporter logs that arrived in Ranma's baggage! My files on his world are
incomplete, but something tells me that..."

TOM: It’s either Tatewaki, Kodachi, or... (Trails off)
JAY(Picking up): The Ultimate Evil Pervert: Happosai.

"Hey, has anyone seen my...um...delicates?" Asuka asked, "I was going to
take a shower and change into my nightie, but my stuff is missing."
A few other girls were starting to complain that some of their stuff was
missing, too. The bad part was...it was the undergarments. Glyph, Akane, and
Ranma exchanged a knowing glance.

JAY: Sometimes I hate it when we’re right...

"We dumped P-chan," Akane muttered.
"But the freak made it," Ranma finished.
"I take it we're all thinking the same person."
"He wouldn't pass up an opportunity like this," Ranma nodded, "How he found
out is beyond me."
"He must have overheard me talking to Nabiki about it," Akane said, "That or
he just saw us packing, and decided to tag along."
Rei came in the room wearing a pair of flannel pajamas that had little
dancing Pen-Pens on them. Held in one hand at a distance by the scruff of
his neck was the founder of the Anything Goes School of Martial Arts,
Happosai.
"I found him trying to peek at me," She said in her usual monotone.
"Aw, c'mon, Rei. Just a quick cry on your...>WHAPANG<"
"Thank you, Washuu," Glyph said, looking at the large Tanooki that Happosai
was now buried under. A few cheers started.

ALL: *Cheer*

"No sweat. Shall I vaporize him now?"

FEMALES: PLEASE!

"No, I have a better idea," Ranma said, and then whispered in Glyph's ear.
"Ranma, I don't like it when you get that look on your face," Happosai said,
tears welling up in his eyes, "You're gonna be mean to me, aren't you?"

JAY(Ranma): Hell yes.

Somehow, Washuu grabbed him by the collar. Her smile, the one she gets when
she sees the words 'test subject' on their forehead, made Happy a bit
nervous.

RELENA: The horror...

"Oh REBB," Glyph contacted her ship in a sing-song tone, "I have a favor to
ask of you."

Vegeta, REBB, Andrew, a very sore Ryoga, and Bryan were waiting when
Happosai arrived through the gate. From the trajectory, it seemed like
several of the girls had decided that he would make a great soccer ball.

JOK: Please tell me they used the Blitz Ace on him!

"And I thought the old man on MY show was a hentai," Vegeta shook his head
and crossed his arms, clucking in disappointment.
"Nice one...Happy," Ryoga snarled.
"You've been very, very bad," REBB said, his flame thrower clicking for
effect.
"If you had peeked at my sweetheart, I'm gonna beam you into a supernova,"
Andrew said, cracking his knuckles.

JAY: Going easy on him?

"Happosai," Bryan started, "I have a headache. I've been hit by Akane,
twice, and flattened by Ryoga."
"That wasn't under my own power!" the martial artist interjected. Loudly.
And not looking at Bryan.
Bryan continued, "I haven't slept in nearly twenty-four hours. I'm a bit
cranky. Give me an excuse, and I'm shoving you out the airlock."

JAY: Path-etic. He did that on this ship, he would know fear...
RELENA: He would know pain...
LEENA: And then, he would die.

Amazingly, the rest of the night passed without incident.
"You sure that's enough rope?" Bryan asked sarcastically of Ryoga.

ALL: No.

"Ida know," the martial artist tugged, tying down hard the knot, "Do you
know where a few more meters are at then?"
Andrew finally gave a smile.
"Well, I had figured you'd be the one that knew how to tie knots, with all
the camping you do. I was only in the Boy Scouts for two months."
Happosai had no comment. But then it's a little hard to talk through a
gag... Ryoga sat back, wiping at his brow.
"Whew!" Andrew sighed.
"You sure that he'll be okay in here with you?" The large griffin settled on
the floor. The beak snarled.
"Yeah, the littl' perv will find it hard to sleep with the lights off anyway
in here."
"Do you mind sleeping with us then?" Andrew asked of Ryoga. Bryan looked a
little concerned.

JAY(Bryan): REBB, don’t eat him, you might get sick.

Aboard the Drummond, the girls were sleeping in groups of two. Leaving Old
Happy to the boys sure had made it an easier night. Glyph stretched before
tucking her blanket closer to her head. She listened to the other girl's
comments. Ayeka and Ukyo, Sasami and Skuld (with Ryo-Ohki), Belldandy and
Urd, Ryoko and Akane, Ranma and Lain, Rei and Asuka, and Glyph and Washuu.
Each match up seemed to work fine.
"Hey, Ukyo, are you asleep?"
"No."
"How is it that you and Akane get along so well?"
"We have our moments, but for the most part, we don't really feel we have
anything to fight about."
"Even though...you are engaged to the same person?"

RELENA(Ukyo): It will be his choice in the end, so why should we?

"Well, they were set up by agreement of our fathers...then there's the other
nutcases that keep barging in, so we don't fight between us as often. That I
had been Ranma's friend for years, I hate to lose hi-I mean-her friendship
first." Here Ukyo paused. "They're cousins, I think." she lied.

TOM: I thought ‘Ranko’ was supposed to be AKANE’s cousin!

"Rei, do I snore?"
"No."
"You're sure."
"Yes."
"Absolutely sure?"
"Asuka, go to sleep, or I'm setting off Third Impact ahead of schedule."

JAY(Opening a com channel): Hey CHEWY, I thought Rei didn’t want to cause
Third Impact anymore.
CHEWY(Over com): She doesn't, she says that to get people to shut up.
({[AUTHOR(To reader): You’d had to have heard/seen a conversation between me
and Chewy to get that joke.]})

"Glyph, have you ever thought about participating in an experiment as a test
subject?"
Glyph sighed, "Washuu, if you continue with this line of questioning, I'm
going to have to bop you one in the head. How many times do I gotta say NO?"

Ranma was already snoring.

Sasami flipped the blanket over her head to read the manga she had borrowed
from Glyph. She muffled her giggle.

TOM: Why is she reading a Gundam Wing manga?
RELENA/JAY: DO YOU HAVE A PROBLEM WITH GUNDAM WING!?!

"Where on Earth am I now?" Ryoga muttered, keeping it down since the others
were sleeping. "GET OUT OF OUR ROOM, YOU PERVERT!" Ryoko yelled, throwing
things at Ryoga.
Then she growled. "How did he do that? We sealed the gate after we sent the
old man through."

LEENA: His Lost Sense.

Ryoga mumbled, just as he had his back to them. "I'd like to know, too!"
Then Ryoko clocked him with a clock!
"Ow! I'm going!" he barked, then yelped.
"Hey, watch it with the lighting bolts, lady!" He paused out in the
corridor, but not for long. Oddly, he was wearing the bracelet, over his
wrist.
Glyph giggled, then started to hum softly... it sounded a little like "Kimi
No Carrot Cake".

JOK: Where’s that from?

"Hey, why didn't you wait till I got here?" Andrew sighed when he found
Ryoga gasping for air. "And from the singed look of your pants, you must
have walked in on Ryoko at some point."
"Didn't remember she could go through doors," he finally gave a half-smile.
Andrew then let out a yawn, to which Ryoga followed suit.
"Well, Radar, let's get to bed," Andrew stretched as he opened his door.
Bryan seemed to be already snoring.
"What's with the Radar bit?"
"All clear, Hawkeye," Bryan muttered in his sleep.

TOM(Trapper John): Hot Lips has left the building, you got the skeleton?
JAY(Hawkeye, holding a med school skeleton): Right here.
HOAG(PR): Would you two not use jokes not ev’ryone’ll get?
JAY(Hawkeye): Go away Frank before I rip out your intestines and strangle
you with them.
TOM: Good one!

Ryoga shrugged, and unrolled his sleeping bag. Andrew was thankful that he
didn't have to answer the question. Everyone knew that Ryoga's sense of
direction was anything but. Still, he was a bit sensitive on that subject.
That was why he called him Radar, Ryoga's was really messed up. In no time
at all, they were all sound asleep and snoring.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
HOAG(PR): Opinions?
JAY(Evil smile): Hmmm......
RELENA: He’s got that Look-Of-Approaching-Chaos in his eyes again...
JOK: PLEASE!!! ANYTHING BUT THE HAPPO-CHASE PUNISHMENT!!!
CROW: *Still offline*
TOM: It contained many movie scenes.
LEENA: Let me hurt those Crow and Jok, PLEASE!
ROME: Interesting technology...
TROWA: Please people, don’t compare UC to AC.

[Fic ends]
[Crow is reactivated and the AniMSTers exit the theater.]

“Jay, I’ve been around you long enough to know that when you get that look
one of two things happens, either you wreak havoc or you have something up
your sleeve besides your arm. Right now I’m thinking it’s both.” Relena said
as they left the theater.

Jay didn’t reply immediately, but instead picked up a stuffed Ewok dressed
in the Sank Kingdom uniform Relena and Millardo/Zechs wore at times and
tossed it to Relena, “It is.” He walked over to the communications station
and began typing out a text message.

---
To: All MST Syndicate Members
From: Anime Star NX-2992
Subject: Mega MSTer Party

Since the Syndicate is entering it’s second month and summer is coming up, I
figured we should have a party. Glyph, REBB, Bryan, sort of along the lines
of the sleepover you had. And don’t worry about space, the Anime Star holds
almost fifteen hundred, so bring guests if you want.

Jay Magnus,
Captain, Anime Star, NX-2992
---

Relena peeked over his shoulder, “Possibly two dozen ships of MSTers and
their guests? It’ll be chaos, it’ll be havoc-”

The sounds of Jok and Crow being beat up by Leena echoed throughout the
ship, and the two finished the thought together, “It’ll be a normal day.”
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

That night as Jay was pulling the night shift, a being of light appeared on
the bridge.

“It will soon happen.”

Jay sighed, “I know. The question is, ‘Will anyone survive?’”

“Perhaps.”

“Just... Just go, old friend, I need time to think.”

“Very well. But once the current flows, only the rock can change it.” The
glowing figure disappeared from the bridge.

Jay pondered this a moment, then spoke, “Yes, the rock changes the river,
but the river also changes the rock...”

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

This one took awhile, but it’s the perfect lead-in to the Mega MSTer Party
and the upcoming season one finale of the Anime Star MSTs. Oh well, I’d best
get started on starting the MMP. Before I go, two things. One: Thank you to
everyone who has said I’m a good MSTer. Two: I have a SWAT Kats fic by Tank
Cop (Doing with Ksa’s blessing) in the queue. Then I’ll be doing the
S1Finale, so NO REQUESTS FOR AWHILE. (That means YOU Chewy. ^_^) “I expect
the best and I give the best. Here's the beer! Here's the entertainment! Now
have fun! That's an order!” -- Jean Rasczak, Starship Troopers (The movie).
Comments, Criticism, Flames to turbomagnus@excite.com

Whiplash:

RELENA: What was that roller-coaster about?
JAY: Just some Jehovah’s Witnesses. ^_^
RELENA: We were being chased by a hostile alien race again, weren’t we?
JAY: Yep! ^_^
RELENA: You’re crazy, you know that?
JAY: Yep! ^_^ But would you want me any other way?
RELENA(Imitating Jay): Nope! ^_^