Except for Turbo Magnus and the Anime Star, nothing used in this story is my
property. I'm not paying to use the characters, nor am I making money from
them. Something I should clear up is the Relena in my MSTs isn't exactly the
Relena from Gundam Wing. I write a bi-weekly fanfic series, Senshi no Kami:
Eien no Ai (Warriors of God: Eternal Love)(Formerly Warriors of Peace:
Lonely Love, but I hated that title.) for a friends newsletter and Relena is
one of the characters in the series. Hope this makes parts easier to
understand. (I.E.: The school line in MST #2.).

Anime Star MSTs #3
By: Turbo Magnus

Between the Author, Turbo, Relena, Washu, Jok, Hoag, Tom, Crow, Trowa, and
Lena, the lounge on the Anime Star was bursting with activity. A party was
going on to celebrate the first fanmails received about their MSTs. The
Author read the emails.

"Let's see, Jim-Ohki of the Millennium Eagle wants us and a few others, the
crew of the JEDRI, the crew of the U.S.S. Brian Drummond-"

"Didn't he do the voice of my brother in the English version of Wing?"
Relena interrupted.

"Yeah, and Vegeta's voice as well. Both of whom are on the crew. The inmates
on the Starship Teacup, Clayton Overstreet, Quatre's captives on the Winner
Queen, the crew of the H.M.S. Zap Rowsdower, and the crew of the turtlecraft
Thunderclap 8-"

"The what Thunderclap 8?!" Others exclaimed.

"Ksawarrior's ship, it's shaped like a giant turtle." Turbo supplied.

"Anyway, he wants us and some others to join a MST Syndicate to protect the
rights of authors and MSTers..."

"Are we?"

"Maybe, Trowa, I don't know. Next is one from Ksa: Congrats on a good MST,
Hopes we do more. Turbo, Relena, Washu-chan, he says good job with the end
of Tank Cop."

"Coming from the sworn enemy of the sicko, that's high praise for us
beginners..." Turbo said.

"Speak for yourself, Tom and I were two of the ORIGINAL MSTers on the SOL!"
Crow popped off, in response Relena introduced him to a frying pan.

"You're right Lena, it DOES keep you relaxed!"

The Author and Turbo sweatdropped and as one spoke, "‘Riiight...'"

"Last one is from Yakuza, he likes our MSTs and... Oh. My. Goddess."

"IT'S MEGUMI-SAMA!!!" Turbo said, malleting the Author.

"My apologies to Ksa for the use of that joke..."

"Whatever, now what is it?!"

"Yakuza wants us to MST one of his fics."

"A request?" Jok asked.

"That's what it says."

"Loading random Yakuza fic into system, better get ready..."

[[[Don't play dumb with me, you're not as good at it as I am.]]]

"AHHHH!!! WE'VE GOT REQUESTED MST SIGN!!!"

Door Sequence:
Door 1: A hill in Vietnam, they charge and take it.

Door 2: M*A*S*H 4077th in Korea, they make it through a long session in OR
thanks to the jokes of Hawkeye, Trapper, and Turbo.

Door 3: A waterfall, Turbo and Relena walk very close as the AniMSTers go
under the falls.

Door 4: A gauntlet of mallet wielding maniacs, Akane and Skuld among them,
the AniMSTers make it through by using Turbo and Crow as shields.
CROW: Oh sure! Pick on the perverts!

Door 5: A horde of Backdraft Zoids and Zeon and OZ mobile suits. Trowa,
Lena, Relena, Turbo, and Washu-chan lead the charge in Heavyarms, Gunsniper,
Noble, Epyon, and Shield Liger.

[Fic Starts]

HOAG(In Projection Room): ROLL CALL!
TURBO: Captain in the theater!
RELENA: Peace can be achieved!
WASHU-CHAN(Dexter): Today is a great day... FOR SCIENCE!!!
TOM: TOM SERVO!
CROW: AND CROOOOOOOOW!
JOK: Quicker than you can say ‘Jackie Gleason'!
TROWA: .......
LENA: WILD WEASEL TOTAL ASSAULT!

Disclamer : Neither Tenchi Myou or Tenchi Universe are mine goodbye.

WASHU: Good!

Ryoko lay in her bed turning uneasily. She saw herself running in her sleep
through a fild.

JOK: Bad spelling alert.
TOM: Fild, is that some kind of fish?

The flowers sayed in the wind.

TURBO: What did they say?
RELENA: In the wind, didn't you read it?

She spotted a dark figure with bright long wings. She ran towards hm.

TURBO: So it's HM02 Fly?

Embracing together she felt his warm hands on her face. The two of them
kissed gently. The sky went black she looked at who she was kissing.

CROW: Looks like the crisp "Mr. Sinister Writing Style"...
WASHU(Looking at Sarcasm Meter): Off the scale!

The Angel ad gone and now there was no one there. She looked down to see the
Tenchi sword

WASHU: It's Tenchi-ken!!!
TURBO: Ken can be used for attack or sword. But if you're using Tenchi
Sword, you need to capitalize sword or call it The Sword, Tenchi.
RELENA: Heaven and Earth Sword? Or maybe The Sword of Heaven and Earth?
TURBO: Hmmm... I never thought of it THAT way...
RELENA: I'm the brains, you're the brawn.
TURBO: But Brawn is a whole different Cybertronian then me in Autobot form!
*Rimshot*

through her stomach. With her last breath she fell to the floor.

WASHU: SHE DOESN'T NEED TO BREATH!!!!
TURBO: No need for air, super strong, so she's a ki using Neo-Sapian?

Ryoko woke up from her nightmare and sat up in her bed. What a strange drea
did it mean anything? It was probabley just because of what se had the night
before.

TOM: THE SPELLING!!! THE SPELLING!!! *Faints*
TURBO: Great, lost one already!

Tenchi crept along the floor silentley. Just a few more steps and he
wouldn't have to go through the morning routine. He made a run for it.

ALL(Southern accents): Run, Tenchi, run!

At least he thought he did he looked behind himself and saw Ryoko olding his
shirt.

"Where do you think you're going Tenchi dear?," she asked materilising in
front of him.

TURBO(Tenchi): The bathroom...

"Ryoko leave Tenchi alone let him go to school in peace."

TROWA: No period...
RELENA: But I thought he went to school in Okayama?
*Rimshot*

Ayeka ordered entering the room. Ryoko turned to face her and then back to
Tenchi.

"Why if it isn't the old bat." Ryoko sniggered.

LENA: Don't insult bats like that!
*A bunch of logs appear, one has a note on it.*
AEKA(Voice over): Animeport gets a copy of this, too. So don't insult me or
Tenchi-Sama!
KAZAKAKAKAKAKA!!!
*The AniMSTers do the Swim due to the shocking."
TURBO(Extra crispy): Don't... you... know... the best way... to make
someone... do something is to tell them don't?
(AUTHOR: Sorry Peter and Ketran.)

"What did you call me?" Ayeka snaped at Ryoko.

TURBO: SHE CALLED YOU AN OLD BAT!!!
KAZAKAKAKAKAZAZAKAZAKAZA

"You heard me little princess." Ryoko taunted.

The two were face to face now and Tenchi saw his move he darted for the
door.

LENA: Bulls-eye!

He dove through it and ran down the path till he had managed to get out of
sight. Tenchi was about half way to his school when he saw three bullies
older than himself surrounding a boy about Tenchi's age.

CROW: He's dead. The wuss can't resist a chance to help people, that's why
he hasn't kicked Aeka out yet.
KAZAKAKAKAKAKA

They were taunting him getting ready to attack him. Tenchi ran over and
entered the middle of the circle to protect the boy.

LENA/JOK: CROSSFIRE!!!
CROW: Not... you two, too...

"Pick on someone your own size," he called with a defiant tone.

RELENA: You're SMALLER than them, I don't think the "Intimidation Tactic"
works like that.

The tallest boy took a couple of steps forward.

"What you?" he suddgested.Tenchi smiled.

"Bring it," he gestured.

TURBO: Don't steal from The People's Champ!
LENA(Tenchi as The Rock): Don't sing it, just... Bring it!

The boy took one step forward but was cutoff

*Trowa, Turbo, and Jok cover their lower regions.*

when Tenchi kicked him the face. He then spun and punched the second boy.
Ready for the third he span to face him but found he was already down. Above
him stood the boy. The boy had pale skin and not just normaly pale skin it
was almost like a ghost. He had dark purple eyes and long blue hair. The boy
turned to face Tenchi.

JOK: Sounds like a male version of Rei Ayanami.
LENA: Except he has emotions...
TURBO: Oh, Rei has emotions...
TROWA: ???
TURBO: End of Eva...?
TROWA: Ah.

"You ok?" Tenchi asked.

CROW(boy): Duuuuh... No? Me be bozo, Me be Tank Cop.
TURBO: Riiight...

"Yes i'm fine," the boy answered

"What's your name?" Tenchi questioned. The boy smiled walking away.

JOK(boy): Yuy, Heero Yuy.
RELENA: I don't understand what you mean.
JOK: You know... How he leaves at the end of Wing?
RELENA: Now I get it.

"Call me Jace," he called back.

TURBO: I recognize that name. *Taps com-badge* Anime Star to U.S.S. Brian
Drummond, Magnus to Vegeta. Wasn't Jace one of the Ginyu Force?
VEGETA(Over-com): Fool! You bother me over THOSE pathetic weaklings?!
TURBO: I thought so, arigato. I owe you one. *Shuts off com.*
(AUTHOR: And also, my apologies to Weber-san for that.)

Tenchi sat in class looking out the window. He always ignored his teacher
and watched the outside till real work started.

WASHU: Sounds like what Ranma does.

"So Jason is our new student. Why dont you sit behind Tenchi?" He continued.

CROW: Thus, no longer accepted in Angel Grove, the former Red Mighty
Morphin' Power Ranger moved to Japan.
TURBO: With all the new Power Ranger serieses, It's rare for a Morphin'
reference...

Tenchi looked up his name was mentioned. He saw the boy from earlier sit
behind him. They smiled at each other and nodded "hello".

"Jason will be staying with you Tenchi as long as you agree," his teach
blabbed.

Tenchi choked at this. There was already a whole load of people there and he
would have trouble hiding their powers too. But he could hardly refuse where
was the boy to stay?

LENA: GROW A PAIR!!!

Family didn't look like he had one and not many friends.

RELENA: How do you know?

Tenchi would keep him their for a while but mostly out of sight from the
girls.

WASHU: Hiding something from me? Naughty, naughty...

Any way it would be nice to have someone to talk to about the girls except
for his father and grandfather who always mentioned marrying them.

JOK(Nabuyuki as Soun): But someone has to carry on the family name and take
over the dojo! WAHAHAHA!!!

Tenchi turned to face the teacher and began working.

"Another guest and this one's aboy," Nobuyuki called, "well I was glad for
you when you brought girls home but a guy what has become of you Tenchi."

CROW(Tenchi): I'm gay. *Gets a colony dropped on him by Washu.*
KAZAKAKAKAKA!!! *and shocked by Aeka*
HOAG(PR): If it wasn't for Mayuka, I'd agree with you...

Tenchi's face went a bright red color Jace sweat dropped.

"Dad I'm not going out with hi he's a friend from school,"

CROW(Tenchi): A VERY close PERSONAL friend *Wink wink*
KAZAKAKAKAKA!!!

Tenchi answered back ashamed.

TURBO: No, he didn't, he answered that he was a friend from school.

"Okay Tenchi but you decide where he sleeps,"

TROWA(Tenchi as mobster): With the fishes...

his grnadfather answered.

Tenchi nodded to JAce

LENA: One-handed typing?
JOK(Bob from ReBoot): This is bad...
TURBO(Ditto): REALLY BAD!

and the two of them left the room to go look for the other members.

RELENA: Tifa, Aeris, Yuffie, Rinoa, Selphie...
TURBO: Cloud, Zell, Zidane, Amarant...
HOAG(PR): NO MORE FINAL FANTASY FOR EITHER OF YOU!!!

"So you've met Yosho

WASHU: Tenchi calls him Kasuhito still!

and Nobuyuki my father and grnadfather now meeet the rest of the gang,"

TURBO(Brick from Senshi no Kami: Eien no Ai): Honda, Serio, and Rev...
RELENA: Turbo... Jay, don't use references to the series since not everyone
gets to read it.
TURBO: Ah, but if I didn't do that, you wouldn't be here.
RELENA: ...Good point.

he took Jace into the living room and pointed out each fo the girls.

"So this must be your mother huh," he said pointing to Ayeka.

LENA(Tenchi): No, great-aunt and girlfriend.
JOK(Jason): Isn't that incest?
LENA(Tenchi): Yeah, why?
JOK(Jason): IT'S WRONG AND PERVERTED!!!
LENA(Tenchi): So?
*Logs appear again, again one carries a note.*
AEKA(Voice over): Tenchi-sama is not dense.
KAZAKAKAKAKA!!!!

Ayeka's face went bright with angry and she grabbed hold of Jace's shirt and
lifted hi in the air.

"What did you say," she snapped. Jace scrambled to get down.

LENA(Ayeka): HOW DARE YOU GET AROUSED BECAUSE OF ME!!!
*Hoag provides some electricity.*

"ok my mistake," he answered nervously. The rest of the group giggled as
Ayeka dropped jason.

"I'll be in my room," called Ayeka as she walked upstairs. Jason was
introduced to the others and explained about how they got here leaving out
anything that was unordinary.

WASHU: Meaning that everything was left out.

"Tenchi is there anywhere to change," he asked. Tenchi nodded and took his
out towards the bath house.

CROW: Yaoi sex in the bathhouse!
KAZAKAKAKAKAKA!!! (Aeka)
WHAM! WHAM! (Relena and Lena using mallet and frying pan)
ROUGA FUUFUU KEN! (Turbo doing Yamcha's Wind Wolf Attack )
WHAM! (Washu dropping a statue)
ALL: IIE YAOI!!!
TURBO: Yuri ok!
WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! KAZAKAKAKAKA!!!

"The bath house will have to do as your changing bit for today but I'm sure
you'll have a bedroom soon," Tenchi mummbled.

The two of them talked all the way there and back. Jason has put on a black
t-shirt and black jeans.

TURBO: HEY! Dark clothes are one of my shticks!

He looked dark and depressing.

TROWA: And that is mine...

Tenchi noticed a small silver chain hung around his neck. There was an
emerald on the end.

"What's that," Tenchi curiously asked.

JOK: It's an emerald on a small silver chain, didn't you hear?

"It's just something to remember my mom and dad," he answered ,"they died
while I was little." He seemed to be uneasy on the subject.

RELENA: So did mine, but I've accepted that.
TURBO: Well, you DID have Zechs...

"You dont have to talk about it if you like," Tenchi whispered, "my mom died
too while I was young aswell."

The two of them returned to the house from the bright outside with grim
expressions on.

TOM(Revived): You mean like the grim clown here? *Indicates Trowa*

Why was it always hard to be happy while Jason was around. Ryoko watched
Jason uneasily. He had only one small back pack on him and that had only
clothes in. Didn't he have any stuff.

TURBO: Where's the dope?
JOK: You mean Jason?
TURBO: No, cocaine.
GIRLS: Shut yo mouths!
JOK: But we just talking bout da stuff!
GIRLS: We can dig it!

"While Mihoshi and Kiyone are away you can have their room," Tenchi carried
on with a smile.

CROW(Tenchi): I'm right next door. *Wink*
KAZAKAKAKAKAKA!!!

Jason nodded appreciatley. "They're doing business somewhere else and they
have their own apartment so they rarely stay here,"

Tenchi answered. Jason pushed all of his stuff into a small draw. The
bedroom was bright and Jason would hate it.

TOM: Is he a vampire?

Ryoko didn't like this new kid he was diffrent uneasy confusing he was just
strange.

WASHU: To us, normal IS strange.

"I like it," Jason reported after inspecting the room.

TURBO(Singing): I love it, I want some more of it. I've tried so hard, but I
can't rise above it.

"Dinner will be done soon," Tenchi continued, "come on Ryoko

RELENA: Where did Ryoko come from? She wasn't there a moment ago...
leave Jason alone with his new bedroom." Jason lay on the bed with a smile
on his face.

CROW(Jason): Damn, that Ryoko is HOT!
*A red ball of energy comes flying out of nowhere and hits Crow.*

"I'm going to like it here just so long as Keiro doesn't show up."

JOK: WHO?

Jason lay back trying to get the name Keiro out of his head.

Sasami sat talking with Jason about Ryo-ohki she explained what Ryo-ohki is
and then the tricks she taught Ryo-ohki.

TOM: How do you explain being able to become a spaceship?

They all had to pretend everything was normal so they told Jason it was a
cat that wanted to be a rabbit. Washu sat next to Jason. She was looking for
the right time to get a piece of hair skin anything she could get DNA from.

WASHU: He's left Deoxyribonucleic Acid samples all over the house!
TURBO(Muttering): Trust Washu-Chan to use the proper name for DNA...

"Jason how about a hug to cheer you up you seem a litte unhappy," Washu
butted in to the conversation.

LENA: I'd expect Sasami to say that...

Jason and Sasami sweat dropped but Jason agreed. As they hugged Washu took a
small hair that fell and let go of Jason. She skipped away to her
laboratory. Sasami carried on talking. Tenchi walked in then looking for
Jason.

RELENA: Still list style.

"Jason I need your help," he asked quickly. Jason nodded.

"Sorry Sasami I need to help Tenchi," he called back.

"That's ok," Sasami answered. She ran back into her kitchen carrying on
cooking dinner.

Tenchi dragged Jason along. They skidded to a halt a while away from the
house.

"Jace do you train at all," Tenchi asked. Jace nodded.

TROWA: ....Off to sleep.

"A bit," he answered "why?". Tenchi smiled passing him a long wooden sword.

WASHU: It's a bokken!!!

"I want to see how good you are," he replied hlding hiis up ready to fight.

Tenchi took a step forward as Jace readied himself. He swung his sword at
Jace's head but Jace ducked. This was bad everytime he was in a close battle
his wings popped out and he flew away to safty automatically

TURBO: Puh-lease! Even Koeing knows better than to try and pull me out of a
fight!

but if he gets hit here then Tenchi would know about him being an Angel.

RELENA: Call Rei, Asuka, and Shinji!

He would have to take a dive.

TROWA: Except he misjudged the depth of the pool, cracked his skull open,
and died.

The two had attacked and blocked and attacked and blocked or quite a while
and it had beeen even matched. Tenchi swung his sword just missing Jace but
Jace dropped to the floor. He pretended it had hit him. Tenchi quickly
dropped his sword and helped Jace up.

TURBO: PATHETIC!!! FINISH HIM OFF!!! DO IT NOW!!!

"Sorry about that I thought you'd block that one." he said sympathetically.

"It's ok it happens." Jace answered dropping his sword. The two of them
walked back to the house. Jace stoppd a second.

RELENA: That's like a CD skipping.

"I'll get the swords," he called running back to where they had been.

He stopped and picked them up but when he looked up he saw something that
scared every part of him.

CROW: Even scared his manhood stiff...

A 6ft deamon girl

CROW(Continued): ... Or that could be why he's stiff.

,taller than Jace by far, with long black hair and red eyes stood before
him. She stretched out her dark wings. She was wearing a white t-shirt and
blue jeans. She was human liek in complexion but had certain deamon features
like her wings an eyes.

TOM: Not scary.
RELENA: Jay in Zeo-jin form is spookier.
LENA(to Relena): Why do you keep calling Turbo Jay?
RELENA: Habit, I guess. That's what he used to go by before...
TURBO: Before I died.
WASHU: What?!
TURBO: I took an energy blast...
RELENA: Meant for me.
TURBO: But I got orbed away at the last second by Kami-Sama.

She took a step forward and smiled at Jace.

JOK: SHE HAS FANGS!!!

"Long time no see my little Angel," she smiled.

TURBO(To Relena): Funny, that's one of my nicknames for you.

"Keiro," was the only word Jace could speak.

TROWA: Then two more words came to him, "Kill me."

TO BE CONTINUED

next episode : The angel and The Deamon - chapter 2 :"The truth"
In this episode The gang find out the truth about Jason and his connection
with Keiro the Deamon.

WASHU: It's either Demon or Youma!

Author note : Well that concludes my first fan fic ever. Please rate and
review and e-mail any comments. Also if you would like to be a preereader
than e-mail to me.

TURBO: Or it could be along the lines of you asking a team to MST you.

[Fic Ends]
[The AniMSTers exit the theater]

The Author is waiting when they get out, "Everyone, we are now members of
the MST Syndicate. Now get some rest, you'll need it."

Every one turned to leave. "Turbo, wait a second."

"You all go ahead, I'll catch up. What is it?"

"I'm no longer going to appear in the MSTs, so you will have complete
control over everything on the ship, CAPTAIN Magnus."
______________________________________________________________________________
Took me long enough. I had a vacation pop up in the middle of writing this,
so I got slowed down. If you want to receive the SMN and Senshi no Kami:
Eien no Ai, E-mail AJ Yeary at ajyeary@yahoo.com. Any response related to
the MSTs needs to go to turbomagnus@excite.com.

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
