Except for Jay "Turbo" Magnus and the Anime Star, nothing used in this story
is my property. I'm not paying to use the characters, nor am I making money
from them. Although things might change a little considering I'm engaged to
Relena... Well actually that would mean I/Jay would belong to HER. ^_^ Not
that I'd mind.

Anime Star MSTs #9
By: Turbo Magnus

[[["Kindness, nobler ever than revenge."]]]

Jay Magnus rolled off his futon, "A MST now? I just got to sleep five
minutes ago!"

If you weren't with us last MST, Jay had popped the question to Relena
Darlien, who said yes. As for our Not-Quite-Beloved Captain's sleepy state,
the two engaged were up until oh-three-hundred making plans.

Walking out the door, Jay paused, "As You Like It, act IV, scene III if I
remember my Shakespeare."

--------------------------------------------

[Door Sequence]
Door 1: A field of Pikachus. Jay blasts all of them with a Super Dodon-Pa.

Door 2: South Gate from FFIX, Jay rides a Gold Chocobo over it.

Door 3: An asteroid heading for Earth, Jay just pulls a pulse cannon out
from subspace/hammerspace and blasts it.

Door 4: An ocean, Jay changes to Zeo-Jin form and flies over it.

Door 5: Korea, the former site of the 4077th M*A*S*H, Jay pauses and
salutes.

Door 6: A trebuchet. Jay gets thrown over the horizon and lands in his seat
with the others already there.

JOK: What took you?
JAY: Respect.

[Fic Starts]
In the depths of space, the USS Brian Drummond patrols, looking for that
which should not be. The crew, none of whom are owned by me, please don't
sue as I'm not making any money on this and it's out of love of the
characters, are enjoying a little down time.

"Are you aware," Rei was saying, "That someone recently MSTed one of your
MSTs?"

RELENA: And we're doing it again.
TROWA(To Leena): Does this look familiar to you?
LEENA(Worried, To Trowa): Yes...
JAY(Ki blazing white, Calm of Impending Doom): I recognize this.

Bryan yawned, "Yeah. Pretty funny stuff. Relena was there with her date,
and..."
"DATE?!" Zechs yelled, leaping up from his seat and grabbing his gun belt,
"Who is he? Where can I find him? Tell me the cretin's name, and surely he
will die by my hand!"

RELENA(scolding): Zechs! Jay is NOT a cretin!

"Take a chill pill, Zechs," Bryan said, "He's a lot more stable than Heero
was."

JAY(Calm of Approaching Death): Only when a certain Saya-jin prince doesn't
make insinuations.

Vegeta came into the room with a bag of popcorn, "Hey, Zechs, did you know
that some MSTer calling himself Turbo is banging your sister?"

RELENA/TROWA/LEENA(Ducking): IT'S JAY!
JAY(Ki charged and the storm has hit, arms out to each side and looking up):
TETRA HOMING MISSILE!!!!!! *Energy shoots out of Jay's mouth, eyes, and
hands, merging into one big beam that disappears.*

(On the U.S.S. Brian Drummond...)
>A beam of light flashes into existence and comes crashing down on Vegeta.

"That tears it!" Zechs began to march off to the shuttle bay.
"He won't get far," Radical Edward appeared on the ceiling, hanging upside
down from the pipes, "Ed took the thingy from big red robot that makes it
go."

RELENA: Epyon is black and purple...
JAY: Or in the case of the OZ-13-MSED, black and silver.
RELENA: ...Not red.

"How did she know we'd need to dismantle Epyon's core?" Ryoko asked.
"Probably didn't," Bryan sighed, "Ed, have you been building contraband
mecha again?"
"If Ed says ‘yes', what does she get?"

JOK: A cookie.

"WARNING. INCOMING FIC. WARNING. INCOMING FIC."

"She gets to sit in an MST," Bryan sighed.
"Ed didn't know it was that bad!!!" Edward said, "Ed is sorry! Don't make Ed
MST any more naught lemons!"

CROW: BAD FRUIT!!!

Ed curled up in a ball on the floor and began shaking.
"Think she's faking it?" Ryoko asked.
"Probably, but if I make her MST it, and it turns out to be a lemon, the fan
guild will flay me a new one," Bryan said.

Roll Call:
Bryan: "Engaged and loving it."

JAY/RELENA: Yes we are!
CROW: The ‘saying the same thing at the same time' thing can only get worse
now...

Ryoko: "Engaged and loving it."
Bryan(whispering to Ryoko): You are not!
Zechs: "If he lays a hand on Relena, he's going to be staring down the
barrel of a beam cannon."

JAY: Zechs, I've been there, done that, then ripped it out of the guy's
hands and blasted him with it.

Vegeta: "So...I'm the sane one this time out?"

TROWA: Who said there would BE a sane one this time?

Rei: "Stan Lee is soooooooo dreamy."
Vegeta: "That tears it, I'm the sane one this time out."

I don't own these characters or profit from them.

Bryan: Where have we seen these inadequate disclaimers before?
Vegeta: Like you have room to talk.

Heroes vs. Villains
By, Clayton Overstreet

JOK: With his using cabbit in most of his titles, I wonder just how close he
is to cabbits...

Vegeta: HIM? AGAIN?
Bryan: We may end up having to hit more Overstreet fics than Suzuki ones...
Rei: >shudder<

The banner

Bryan: "Doctor David Banner, physician, scientist..."
Ryoko: Not that Banner, twit.

above the entrance reads 'Cartoon Superhero and Villain Debate'.

Zechs: Don't those usually evolve into city-wide melees?
Vegeta: Try planet-wide in my case.

JAY: I've seen a few system wide ones.

I walk in and take my place at the podium as cartoon characters and people
move into the auditorium.

Bryan: This from the guy who got on my case about anime characters realizing
they were anime characters?

I nod to you, the reader, as you take your place behind Olive Oil from
Popeye and next to The Professor from Power Puff Girls.

Ryoko: Why in God's name would I want to sit there?
Vegeta: What, are you kidding? Next to them, you'd look like the most normal
person in the room.

Finally all of the seats are full and I begin the discussion. On my left are
the villains and my right are the heroes.

RELENA/JAY(Duet): I need a hero
I'm holding out for a hero 'til the end of the night
He's gotta be strong
And he's gotta be fast
And he's gotta be fresh from the fight
I need a hero
I'm holding out for a hero 'til the morning light
He's gotta be sure
And it's gotta be soon
And he's gotta be larger than life
TOM: You know, he actually sounds better when he's singing with her...

Bryan: (Singing): "They say a hero will save us. I'm not gonna stand here
and wait."
Ryoko: (covering ears): Do that again, and I will have to make Glyph a
widow.
Bryan: We're not married yet.
Zechs: Don't bother Ryoko with trifles. Just stop singing.

Clayton: Welcome to the debate. I am the host Clayton Overstreet.

TROWA: God help us, he's not using just one form of writing...
*There is a flash of holy light and a piece of paper lands in Trowa's lap*
TROWA(Reading): Request denied!?
JOK: Amazing! He showed emotion!

Bryan(Clayton as Troy McClure): You might recognize me from such fan fiction
as "Negotiations with a fan fic Writer." and "Sequel to Negotiations with a
Fan Fic Writer."

I took a break from my fan fics and MSTs

JAY: And it led to your feeling you weren't being MSTed enough.

All: HURRAY!

to be here to moderate the discussion.

All: BOO!

You may ask any questions you wish starting now.

Bryan: Why are we here?

JAY: Because you gave me permission to MST all of your works.

Vegeta: Who wrote the book of love?

CROW: We answered this in our first MST.

Ryoko: What would you do for a Klondike Bar?

JOK: MST a fic.

Zechs: Who's been sleeping in my bed?
Vegeta: Shouldn't you be asking who's been sleeping in Relena's bed?
Ryoko: I disagree. I think he ought to ask whose bed Relena's been sleeping
in. This week.

JAY(Very ‘put off', THM position): TETRA HOMING MISSILE, take two!!!!!!
*Energy shoots out of Jay's mouth, eyes, and hands, merging into one big
beam that disappears.*

(On the U.S.S. Brian Drummond...)
>A beam of light flashes into existence and comes crashing down on Ryoko
this time.
Vegeta: Do you think we've upset someone?

Rei: Who am I? Who are you? Who am I?

JOK: You're Goofy.

Zechs: If you two don't stop it right now...
Bryan: Who is Cartman's father?

JAY: His name is Vegeta...
TROWA: You are evil, Magnus. But you already know that.

Vegeta: What are you gonna do about it, mecha jockey?

JAY: Which one? The pilot of OZ-13-MS Epyon or the pilot of OZ-13-MSED
Epyon?

Zechs: Don't test me, Monkey.
Bryan: Vegeta, Ryoko, chill! Or I will make you sit through an entire season
of Cardcaptors. WB version.

JAY(Evil): I prefer a modified version of Lady Dementia's TV Room. I put
them in a holodeck with cutesy kid's show characters like Barney, the
Teletubbies, Lamb Chop, the Smurfs, etc.
*Everyone except Relena moves a seat away from Jay.*

A dweeb in the audience raises his hand.

Ryoko: Bryan, put your hand down.
Bryan: My hand is down. It's...It's...FANBOY!!!

ALL(Minus Tom): Tom, put your hand down.
TOM(Putting hand down): That's not fair.
JAY: All's fair in love, war, and MSTing.

Dweeb: Why don't the heroes ever completely kill the bad guys?

Vegeta: I DO!
Bryan: He said hero, not anti-hero!

Clayton: Excellent question. First we'll hear from the heroes and then the
villains can give their opinion.

Vegeta: I do kill them!

MST Vegeta: See.

Goku: Well I find that almost all the bad guys I run into will join your
side if given the chance.

Bryan: He has a point. Yamcha, Piccolo, Black Cat, the Thunderbolts. They're
all villains who went straight.
Ryoko: You mean they were gay before?
Bryan: Actually, I have a funny story behind that. During the brief time
that the Overpower card game was popular, there was a card called "Unlucky
at Love, Black Cat spurns your advances. Hero is minus two to defense for
remainder of battle." To save my bacon, I'd pull that card in a fight. And
I'd usually, for kicks, play it against female characters.
Zechs: I'm sure Felicia Hardy enjoys you sharing this with the whole world,
too.

Sailor Moon: That happened once with us but he was killed right after.

JAY: Does that mean Mars and Jupiter are here too?
LEENA(To Relena): You're engaged and you still let him look at other girls?
RELENA(To Leena): Would Jay be Jay without the semi-perversion?
LEENA(To Relena): Good point.

Bryan: GET OFF THE STAGE!
Vegeta: Hey, is Mercury here?
Ryoko: Hentai.

Superman: I personally think killing is only as a last resort.

Zechs: Has Superman ever killed?

TOM: In the animated series he destroyed Brainiac, except for the orb
containing all the history and information of and about Krypton.

Bryan: Two occasions that I can think of. Once, when he had to take out
three Krytonian criminals who'd wiped out an alternate Earth, and when he
had to fight that Doomsday creature. But yeah, for the record, it was always
the last resort.

Cell: (Bangs a fist on the table) Bullshit! The second you spandex wearing
losers come up against an alien or monster, you kill them without a second
thought!

JAY: "Exsqueeze me? Baking powder?" Me, Zeo-Jin, alive. AJ, Taljin, alive.
Thus, that has been debunked.

Bryan: Usually, the aliens or monsters aren't sentient when they're killed
outright. They're usually animals, like the Brood or the Aliens. The Skrull,
Kree, and others sentient races are usually spared the killing.

Clayton: While he is out of order he has a point.

Bryan: But I just counterpointed his point.

Spiderman: Look the spandex is aerodynamic...

Vegeta: SPIDEY ROCKS!
Bryan: Of all the heroes I know, I always thought he had the coolest powers.
That sticking to walls thing, the spider-sense, and, of course, his
spider-strength. Plus...YOU CAN'T KILL HIM BY LOCKING HIM IN A ROOM WITH A
LITTLE GREEN ROCK!

JAY: Not only that, he was married to boot and while the Mary Jane he
married WAS a clone, she did have powers as ‘Hydro-Woman'.

Clayton: No I mean about the aliens and monsters. I have seen almost all of
you kill of one species or another.

JAY: Hey, in my case, it was either the humans, Zeo-jins, Taljins, and
Aerithians or the Arachnids and I'd rather have four semi-peaceful races
than one that wants to conquer the universe.

Zechs: Probably as a last resort, like Superman said.
Bryan: I don't think I've ever seen Spidey kill anyone. I mean, he didn't
kill the Green Goblin.

TOM: Not that he didn't want to. I mean Goblin killed the first girl he
loved.

He didn't kill Doctor Octopus. He didn't kill the Scorpion. He didn't kill
the Rhino. He didn't even kill Venom or Carnage. If his foes do die, it's
usually by their own hands or accidents of their own creation.
Vegeta: I'm sure some fanboy will find an instance where you're wrong and
post it.

JAY: Yes, we are. What about the time he caused the Vulture to be infected
with the Man-Spider virus? What about the time Spiderman used Uncle Ben to
drive Spider-Carnage to the point of jumping into limbo? What about when he
pushed Green Goblin into limbo in rage because the real Mary Jane had been
trapped there? Fanboys: 3, Overstreet: Zilchero. But still, even with all
this, I do agree, Spidey is the coolest.

All the heroes: (cough and look around quietly)

Venom: Well I think another problem they have with us is that they all hang
around with morons. I mean how hard is this? (His face turns from a black
monster to Clark Kent's) Clark Kent (The glasses vanish) Superman

Bryan: Actually, it's not a matter of stupidity. People don't recognize me
without my glasses, either. Comb your hair a bit differently, or shave, or
lose the glasses, and you can look like an entirely different person.

RELENA: If I wore jeans, a tee-shirt, and had my hair combed straight down
would you recognize me?

>From somewhere to the left Lois Lane stands up and glares at Superman.

Lois: What the fuck?!?

Rei (as Lois): You mean to tell me all this time that I've been married to a
man who revealed his secret identity years ago when he proposed to me, and I
still didn't realize?
Vegeta: To be fair, this might be cartoon Lois, who never was told.

Superman: Lois I can explain! (Glares at Batman as he chuckles) Watch it
Bruce.

Vegeta: Now, cartoon Lois does know that Bruce is Batman. The World's
Finest.
Bryan: Now THAT was a great comic film.

Clayton: Explain later. Stick to the topic.

Sailor Mars: Well you have to admit most of the time in these costumes
people don't stare at our faces.

Vegeta: Those are costumes? I thought they were school uniforms gone
horribly awry.

JAY: And I thought I was hentai.

Bryan: Ryoko is right. Hentai.
Zechs: Amen.
Vegeta: I don't have to take that from a guy who banged a fifteen year old.

JAY(Clint Eastwood): You talkin' ta me... punk? (Normal) Because if you are,
that will get you another THM because I, unlike you, have a sense of honor
and would never do such a thing.

Zechs: I DID NOT!

He-Man: And we aren't the only ones.

Bryan: He-Man? Where have you been all these years?

JOK(He-Man): Under the sofa.

Cat Woman: Oh please. Most of us at least have masks and we get found out at
least by the time we make our fifth appearance.

TOM: That's not true. We never found out the real identities of the
Brotherhood on X-Men.
JAY: And on Batman Beyond, Terry didn't find out that Powers was Blight
until the radiation was uncontrollable, making it a lot more than five
appearances.

Bryan: That's usually because the hero busts you by then, duh!
Vegeta: And then, some of us cosmic players don't NEED secret identities.
Me, Thanos, Silver Surfer, Darkseid, Freeza.

Skeletor: If you Earth heroes were serious you'd abandon those silly secret
identities and testify in court.

Zechs: They probably would, if they wanted to endanger their families and
put their friends at risk. Look what happened to poor Spider-Man. The Green
Goblin learned who he was, and bang, Gwen Stacy, the most innocent girl in
Marvel Comics, is tossed off a bridge.

TOM: Gee. I think I mentioned that earlier.

And Daredevil.. When Mysterio learned who he was, he had Bullseye kill Karen
Page and a whole bunch of nuns in the church his Mom worked in.

JAY: TV version of Spiderman, the Green Goblin finds out Peter is Spiderman,
Mary Jane goes to Limbo.

Bryan: Yeah, in an arc written by Kevin Smith himself.
Vegeta: Great going. You got him on Kevin Smith again.
Bryan: You know, he's writing a Black Cat series, too.

Kingpin: (Laughs.) They can't. As vigilantes they would be instantly guilty
of several felonies.

Zechs: Now if that isn't the pot calling the kettle black.

Wonder Woman: I am not subject to man's law.

RELENA: Actually you've been banned from ever returning to Thymiscira ever
again because you took Flash, Superman, and J'onn there to defeat Hades and
Faust, thus I would think that since you are permanently part of ‘man's
world' you'd be subject to man's laws.
JAY: Note to self: Keep Relena away from Justice League tapes, she's
starting to retain information about the show.
RELENA: Only if you don't want to watch Adult Swim on Saturdays ever again.
JAY: Yes dear. Never mind.
CROW(Snicker): She's got you wrapped around her little finger, Jay.

Rei: No, but as a divine entity, you do answer to me. So stifle it, Wondy.

Mojo Jojo: Stop giving them ideas, for if they were to go to the police many
villains would be arrested so that they could no longer commit acts of
villainy and thus would be locked away or otherwise imprisoned in some
way...

Zechs: Not likely, Mojo. If they operated within the bounds of the law, then
their super powers would mean nothing. They would still be constrained to
the same legal technicalities, such as use of deadly force, no searches
without a warrant, and can you imagine the sorts of civil fines Xavier would
get slapped with if he were to just read someone's mind and say, "Hey, this
guy committed these crimes!"?

JAY: In Babylon 5 and Crusade, the laws that govern telepaths do allow
information gathered from light/casual scans to be admissible in court.

Clayton: Next question!

A girl in the back raises her hand.

Clayton: Yes?

Girl: Don't you think that it's a little weird how some of you get your
powers and how you use them?

Bryan: Hey, don't go messin' with the origin stories! True, being caught in
the brunt of a gamma bomb would probably vaporize someone instead of imbuing
them with incredible strength, but...

TOM: Thanks to that stupid X-Men: Evolution, we now have conflicts in their
origins. *Grumble grumble*

Mighty Max: (Adjusts his centuries old magic baseball cap) What do you mean?

Vegeta: Can I kill Mighty Max? Please? At least the owl he hangs with?

JAY: Now the Viking type dude was cool.

Girl: Well like when you get your powers from jewels buried in caves nobody
has ever been to before. Who drew the maps you followed to get there?

Bryan: Map? I thought he fell in by accident.

Juggernaut: Stan Lee

Girl: Oh (Sits down.)

JOK: Must have been Rei.

Vegeta: That's right, she sits down. Don't mess with Stan. He's a legend,
man.

Clayton: Yes, you in the corner?

Huckleberry Hound: How much do ya'all cost every year in property damage?

Bryan: Probably a lot less than if some of these people actually got to
destroy the world, I'd imagine.

Bit Cloud: (Groans.) Next question! He's just moping because Liger
accidentally stepped on his car.

Bryan: Bit isn't a super-hero! He's a competitor in an arena.

LEENA: SO!?! THE BLITZ TEAM STILL STOPPED THE BACKDRAFT AND BERSERK
FURY!!!!!!!!!!!

Huckleberry: He rubbed his foot back and forth!

Villains: (Chuckle.)

JAY/TROWA: (Join in)

Clayton: Please remember, that this isn't a forum for personal discussions.

Professor Untonium: Are you sure that people without actual superpowers
should be considered superheroes or villains?

Bryan: Damn straight! Superman considers Batman a hero, and Supes' opinion
is good enough for me.
Rei: Batman's strength is that he IS a normal human. He has to work that
much harder to defeat the bad guys. And he's taken down some big league
people, too.

Batman: Well I was turned into a vampire once...

TOM: I remember that! Then a girl you knew became the Man-Bat!

Joker: (Fake cough.) Zorro rip-off. (Cough.)

JAY: No, Zorro has a sense of style and an aura of smooth Batman doesn't

Beetlejuice: That guy has a point. (Crunches a beetle between his teeth.) I
mean what's the point of letting people into the club just because they have
a few toys?

Roger Smith: Hey, if you fight super villains...

Iron Man: Or other superheroes if necessary...

Roger Smith: Then you have earned your place.

Everyone in the audience cheers.

Bryan: When did we hit Jerry Springer?

EVERYONE(Minus Jay, Leena, and Relena): Magnus! Magnus! Magnus!
LEENA(Stereotypical white in-bred trailer trash that appears on Springer):
You better back off my man, you *BEEP*!!! *Lunges at Relena*
RELENA(Ditto): Oh no you don't Ms. Thing!
*A fake brawl ensues with the others getting louder in their chanting.*
JAY(Jerry Springer): "If everybody would just calm down, we could discuss
how the audience feels about this..."

Gizmo Duck: Thank you.

Dexter: So have any of you guys read the Evil Overlord list on the Internet
yet?

JAY/TOM: I have a printout of it!
JAY: You too?
TOM: Weird...

Bryan: Oo! Oo! I have! I have! And I'm doing my best to follow all of the
rules, too!

All the heroes: (Make various cut off signals and grit their teeth.)

Vegeta (snicker): Let ‘em read it. I let Cell power up before fighting him.
No biggie.

Lex Luthor: What is that?

Clayton: A list of things for the bad guys to do. (Looks at Cell.) Like
skipping the small talk if you plan to blow the planet up anyway.

TOM: Or not letting your enemies live because you're secure in your power.

Vegeta: STOP GIVING HIM IDEAS!

Green Lantern:

Bryan: Which one? There have been like...dozens. Are we talking Guy
Gardener? Or perhaps Kyle Rayner? Or maybe, just maybe, the real green
lantern, the man who deserved the ring, the first and truest, Hal Jordan.

JAY: AMEN TO THAT!!!

Hey! If they start that crap then we'll follow that hero list. You know the
one about taking shots to the back and not having any problem about
poisoning the bad guy.

Bryan: But, doing that stuff gets you out of the super-hero classification
anyway.
Vegeta: Oh, please, here comes the speech.
Rei: What speech?
Vegeta: The speech the hero gives right when it looks like he's going to
kill the villain, the one where he throws his weapon down or relaxes his
fist and says "NO! If I kill him/her, then I'd be no better than he/she is."

JAY: Yeah right. When Zeall became Megiddo and I defeated him, it was
"Goodbye old friend" and a Starwave to the Omega Crystal wiping him out of
existence and banishing him from time and space. *Zeall's holographic head
appears*
ZEALL(holo): Except it only worked for THAT dimension, ‘Old Friend'.
JAY(Smirking): Yeah, But eventually I'll wipe you out of every dimension,
‘Old Friend.'

Bryan: You have a problem with morals and ethics?
Vegeta: Only when they're stupid.
Bryan: You read a lot of Punisher as a kid, didn't you?

Space Ghost: I already do that

Bizzaro Santa: I say we just get down to the business of killing the tooth
fairy...

CROW: Who was that?

Zim: Forget the rest of you! I will conquer you squirming humans in the name
of the mighty Urkan home world!

Vegeta: Hey Zim, I already destroyed the Urkan Empire. It wasn't even a
challenge.

Clayton: Next question.

Zorak: (In a big fake moustache, hat, and sun glasses) In your own words
what are all of your weaknesses and how best would someone be able to kill
you and take over your evil empires?

TROWA(deadpan): You must keep a big vat of Jell-O by your bed, have your
alarm set to go off every hour, and when your alarm does go off stick your
head in the Jell-O and scream "I will rule the world" ten times.

Bryan: Like anyone is going to fall for that bit.

Clayton: (Prepares to take notes and grins when he sees you doing the same.)

Mihoshi: Well you could take over my evil empire by...

Kiyone: (Slaps a hand over her mouth.)

Zechs: She has an evil empire?
Bryan: It's always the quiet ones.
Rei: AHEM!

TOM: Case in point.

Bryan: You did wipe out a world, Rei.
Ryoko: Hey, I took down Jurai once.
Bryan: Okay, so sometimes it's the noisy ones, too.

Heroes and Villains: (Get up and blast Zorak with everything they've got.)

Clayton: Next.

Sasami: Who has the best sword?

JAY: I'd say me. I mean I destroyed the ultimate source of all evil with it
and a Starwave attack.

Vegeta: Clayton, don't think we're fooled for an instant about the phallic
subtext behind that question.
Ryoko: Shame on you, having Sasami ask that.

Tenchi: Well I can control spaceships with one of mine and the other can cut
through them...

Thundar: (Holds up his lightning sword) My might blade is made of
lightning...

Liono: My sword has all sorts of magical powers.

TOM(Lion-o): Eye of Thundara, give me sight beyond sight!

He-Man: Same here.

Skeletor: Ditto

Bryan: Actually, I have to state, for the record, that the greatest sword of
all time is Excalibur, and it's at rest with its owner.

JAY: The Once and Future King.
RELENA: Have you ever noticed some of the parallels between the New
Testament of the bible and the legends of King Arthur?
JAY: Yes, and I just KNOW we're gonna get flamed for that.

Dark Schneider: Mine killed itself to protect me.

Twilight Suzuka: Mine are made of wood and can cut through buildings.

Bryan: Sadly, Kuno can make the same claim.
Others: >Shudder<

JAY: Ah, but Tatewaki has never defeated Ranma, whereas Suzuka has killed
many people.

Sarah Pezzini: Mine can rewind time.

Bryan: YOUR SHOW SUCKS!

JAY: Agreed. The movie rocked though. "Justice." *smirks*

Captain Caveman: Screw swords! Me have magic club!

It is at this point a fight breaks out and it is necessary to evacuate the
surrounding area. The villains take the chance to try to steal a few of the
weapons while the heroes are stuck trying to stop them and the fights.

Clayton: See you next year.

JAY(Agent Jay): No, you won't.

The End

Bryan: That was a pointless debate. Nothing got solved at all.

RELENA: In other words, your typical debate.

Zechs: Just like a politician.
Ryoko: So...can we eat now.

I thought this would be fun. Email me at clayton_n@hotmail.com or meet me at
the Anime Debate room at http://mercury.beseen.com/chat /rooms/g/16807

Bryan: It's over. We can eat now.
Ryoko: Great. I'm starved.
Zechs: What do we want, though?
Vegeta: I want something warm and juicy. He, Zechs, what was your sister's
phone number again?

JAY: Pray that there is never a team-up between me and Weber-san, because if
there is you will pay for that remark with your life.

Zechs: You are going to wake up one day and find out that I poisoned your
dinner.
Bryan: Will all of you just shut up!?

CROW: And remember. Have safe Zechs, use a Gundam.
JAY: Crow, that was bad.

HOAG(PR): AniMSTer Opinions?
JAY: This was more of a fanboy MST...
TOM: So? I finally got more screen time!
RELENA: Vegeta and Ryoko got what they deserved when Jay blasted them.
LEENA: Bit... haha... had Liger... hehe... step on Huckleberry Hound's
car... !?!? HOHAHEHOHAHE!
JOK: It is scary when Leena laughs like that.
CROW: I know it was bad, that's why I made it.
TROWA: Who says I don't have a sense of humor?
[fic ends]
[AniMSTers exit theater]

"Let's see, we have you and me. Leena, Trowa, Jok, Hoag, Chewy, Yohko,
Kasami, Shampoo, Maya, Mana, AJ, and Ellone... And I think Zechs said he was
bringing Noin and a fusion beam rifle..."

"Sounds like your brother all right."

"Don't forget, in a couple days he's going to be your brother too."

With that the two lovebirds broke down laughing...
______________________________________________________________________________

Making good on MSTing Weber-san's work and getting in a little revenge at
those who have impuned the honor of both my self and Relena. "Impuned?
What's that mean?" Slander! They slandered our honor! If you've seen
McClintock you'll get the joke. Thank you and goodnight! "Remember to try
tonight's drink special: Stolen Vodka Surprise. We stole Vladikov's vodka.
Surprise!" -- Lt. Cmdr. Quinton McHale, McHale's Navy. Responses to
turbomagnus@excite.com as usual.

Whiplash:
Vegeta: I'm sure some fanboy will find an instance where you're wrong and
post it.

JAY: Yes, we are. What about the time he caused the Vulture to be infected
with the Man-Spider virus? What about the time Spiderman used Uncle Ben to
drive Spider-Carnage to the point of jumping into limbo? What about when he
pushed Green Goblin into limbo in rage because the real Mary Jane had been
trapped there? Fanboys: 3, Overstreet: Zilchero. But still, even with all
this, I do agree, Spidey is the coolest.