Author: Kenny 'Acidbuk' M'comic
Authors email: acidb@postmaster.co.uk

Summary:  A letter from once of the girls to Tenchi, but who is it from? Can you 
guess?

Disclaimer: The Tenchi Muyo/Universe theme and its characters do not belong to 
me, they belong to AIC/Pioneer please don't sue me. However the characters that 
I have created and this story DO belong to me.

Shout-outs A big thank you once again to the time and patience of my Proof-
reader GrayCie

Warnings: None.


Anonymous love 


Tenchi had just got home from training and working in the carrot patch, he was 
greeted by the usual sound of Ayeka and Ryoko fighting. "What are those two 
fighting over NOW"?,  he summed in his mind, as he gripped the front door handle 
and opened the door.

When he walked through, a scene of Ryoko gripping her hands around Ayeka's neck 
greeted him,

"RYOKO, what are you doing? Let go of Miss Ayeka", Tenchi snapped in anger.
"Sure, Tenchi, anything for you", Ryoko purred, letting go of Ayeka.
"Thank you Lord Tenchi, it's all her fault anyway!", Ayeka stammered out 
catching her breath.
"Why, you!", Ryoko powered up an energy ball but Tenchi intervened before she 
could use it.
"Ok, what's going on", Tenchi asked.
"Wel,l this Demon woman was trying to teach Sasami to fight!", Ayeka blurted.
"What's wrong with that?", Tenchi said confused.
"WHAT'S WRONG, A JURIAN PRINCESS HAS NO NEED TO FIGHT, THAT'S WHY WE HAVE THE 
IMPERIAL JURIAN FORCES", Ayeka yelled.
"I was just trying to teach her to defend herself, princess", Ryoko grunted 
between clenched teeth.
"I have to agree with Ryoko Miss Ayeka, with the number of times we get attacked 
its important to be able to defend yourself, you can't always be there to 
protect her", Tenchi replied calmly.

Ayeka nodded in agreement with Tenchi, after all it did make sense, he was 
right, she wouldn't always be here to protect her, but Ryoko's methods of combat 
just seem wrong. 

"Why do you always pick fights with Ryoko, Miss Ayeka, you know she is far 
stronger than you", Tenchi asked sternly. Ayeka did not respond, she simply 
turned and walked off. Ryoko threw her arms around Tenchi in a huge hug almost 
crushing Tenchi's ribcage. "What you say we go somewhere and...", the rest of 
Ryoko's sentence was only audible to Tenchi. 
"Please not tonight Ryoko, I've had a real bad day, I'm just not in the mood for 
---", Tenchi was cut off.
"Sex", Ryoko blurted out.
"NO, I'm not in the mood for messing around", Tenchi was cut off again.
"So you are in the mood for sex?", Ryoko purred. 
"RYOKO!", Tenchi shouted.
"Ok, ok I'm sorry", Ryoko said batting her eyes, she knew that Tenchi could 
never stay angry with her when she did that.
"I'm sorry I yelled at you Ryoko", Tenchi caved.

The rest of the way to his room was pretty uneventful, he passed Mihoshi and 
Kiyone in the hallway but nothing was said, he knew Kiyone had been pretty down 
lately as Mihoshi was worse the last few weeks than usual and it was driving her 
nuts. He finally arrived at his door, breathing a slight sigh of relief and 
entered his room.

Tenchi looked around the room, and on the bed was a small white envelope with a 
single word written on it  "Tenchi". He walked over and picked up the envelope 
examining it, there were no other markings on it except his name, he opened it 
and pulled out its contents an A4 sized piece of paper. He started to read it.


"To my Tenchi", the letter began.

"I can't believe I can call you that, 'MY Tenchi', I wish you were but you're 
not and probably never will be MY Tenchi, but a girl can dream can't she. I 
guess that's why I'm writing this letter, a dream, a dream that I can no longer 
keep to my self, a dream that haunts my sleep. I don't know why or when it 
started but it did and now it's like an inferno inside my head. All I can think 
of is you, ok, that's not entirely true, I DO think of other things but you are 
predominately there. Gods this isn't going well so far is it, you're probably 
standing there thinking what on earth is she trying to say, right! Well what I'm 
saying is that, that I love you, I love Tenchi Masaki. Man it's a lot easier to 
write that than to say isn't it? I'd had relationships before but nothing 
serious, and love, there was never any love, but when I'm with you, there's 
something deep inside of me that bubbles its way to the surface until I can 
almost not stand it any more. It makes me want to grab you and kiss you right 
there in front of everyone but I know if I did that I'd lose you for good". 
Tears started to roll down his cheeks hitting the paper as he continued to read.

"Ok, I promised myself I wouldn't cry when I wrote this but I can't help it, 
thinking of you always make me cry. I don't know why, but when I see you, it 
always brightens my day, even if we don't actually speak, just being near you 
make's it worth getting up. Some mornings I find that you're the only reason I 
bother getting up at all, the others probably wouldn't notice me if I left but 
you would and that's why I stay, the only reason I stay. I fell in love with 
you, heart and soul, Tenchi Masaki, heart and soul. 

With love from...", Tenchi Finished reading, his tears had soaked that area of 
the paper so much that the name was now unreadable. Tenchi lost his grip on the 
paper and it went floating down to the floor.

Authors notes: Ok who do you think wrote the letter? I know who I was writing 
from but I'm not going to tell you, as I want you to draw your own conclusions, 
as always. Comments to: -
acidb@postmaster,co.uk as per usual flames will be ignored :-)

