A long time ago, in a vast multiverse of Anime far away..... 
 
(Star Wars Theme starts up) 
 
Scimitar's Voice: OOKAMI RECCA HA!! *BLAST!* 
Priss' Voice: Aw, hell no! *RATTATATATATATATATATATATA!* 
 
Nevermind...... 
 
Somewhere in the vastness of the multiverse, there is a certain focal point 
of the worlds. A place where our reality and those of our favorite comic 
books meet, and are able to cross. Where worlds collide, some good, others 
bad. 
FANFICTION. 
Two men, one a goofy college student, the other an SI incarnation of a  
teenager, have dedicated themselves to MSTing these horrible stories. 
 
The goofball was Peter Suzuki, and he worked with Ranma Saotome, Priss  
Asagiri, Ayeka Jurai, Rachel T. Mecha (Ratchet), and B-ko Daitokuji. They 
worked aboard the  
spacestation AnimePort #9. 
 
The teenager was codenamed Ksawarrior. He served with Scimitar Tenshin,  
Rei Ayanami, Ryoga Hibiki, Lime, Xelloss Metallium, Filia Ul Copt, and Wasabi  
Qutami, on the spaceship Thunderclap 8, AKA The Turtlecraft. 
 
Also in this vast multiverse, there is an author, born of pure idiocy, evil,  
and perversity. He carries with him an urge to disgust, and an ability to do 
so,  
through lemons. He is Tank Cop. His stories are known for their horrible  
grammar, bad characterization, and for just being plain sick. 
 
Both MST groups have faced his work before. But now, when his fiction  
multiplying, only together can they stop it. 
 
AnimePort #9/Ksa and the MSTers  
Crossover Special #1: 
Tank Cop 
 
 
Space is quiet. A little too quiet at times. 
Strangely, for a place where there isn't sound, a noise similar to Kid Rock's  
"Bawiddabawng" was playing. 
A small alien on an asteroid looked up...... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The suspense is killing you, isn't it? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
....... only to nearly have its head knocked off by a large turtle going  
faster than the speed of light. 

"/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\!!!" Said the alien's head.  There could be a 
translation for this, but it would violate censorship laws.

Anyway, the music was originating from the turtle shaped ship. 
The craft was going faster than usual, mostly because the Ksawarrior was  
pulling it, while flying as a Super Saiya-jin/Juraian. 
On top of the Turtlecraft's head, Scimitar Tenshin was wearing a spacesuit,  
and holding on to what appeared to be a large fishing rod. The rope from the 
rod was tied  
around Ksa's waist. 
"You guys sure about this?" he asked through the communicator in his helmet. 
On the bridge of the Turtlecraft, Wasabi Qutami responded. 
"Yes, we're sure. The transmissions from Dr. Wheelo are coming from this  
direction." 
"He's quite determined when he wants to be, isn't he?" Filia Ul Copt asked as  
she drank her tea, regarding Ksa. 
"Whenever Lime's involved, he can be." Rei Ayanami responded. She sat in the  
captain's chair in Ksa's absence. 
"He's going to tear the ship apart at this rate!" Ryoga yelled. "Why don't we  
just use our normal thrust-*SPLASH!* UWEEEEEE!!" 
The little black pig bounced around, rather upset at its situation. 
"Because," Xelloss responded cheerfully, dropping the bucket of cold water,  
"we save fuel this way." 
Wasabi suddenly gulped. 
"Something wrong?" Rei asked. Wasabi showed her where they were heading. 
If it was ever possible, Rei became more pale than before. 
"Scimitar, reel him in!" Filia and Ryoga (who was holding a tea kettle at the  
time) began yelling. 
"Why?" the half-god asked. 
"Let's just say that you're about to make the wrong impression on B-ko again  
if you don't." Rei stated. 
"Wait, I got a better idea." he responded. 
He let go of the rod, then slid down until he was in front of the  
Turtlecraft's face.  
"OOKAMI RECCA HA!" he yelled, as he fired his ki blast to slow them down. 
"We've reached a safe speed." Xelloss announced. 
"What about Ksa?" Filia asked. 
"Oh, was I supposed to include him in the equation?" Xelloss asked, still  
smiling. 
When they arrived at the giant clam that was AnimePort #9, they noticed a  
rather human-shaped hole that was made in its side. 
After docking, the doors opened to reveal Ayeka Jurai glaring at them. Ranma  
Saotome, Priss Asagiri, and B-ko Daitokuji were standing behind her, looking 
slightly  
distressed. 
"Eeeeep." Scimitar stated. 
"We appreciate the visit," the Juraian princess sighed, "but we are rather  
tired of you denting something in the process." 
"My bad." Scimitar decided to add. 
"Where's Peter?" Rei asked. 
"The better question would be, 'Where's Ksa?'" Filia said. 
"Peter's probably saved the idiot by now." Priss answered. 
"From what?" Ryoga asked. 
The Anime Port crew sighed, then said one word. 
"Ratchet." 
Just then, Ratchet walked in, wearing only a towel. And like clockwork... 
"GAAH!" Ryoga yelled as he covered his nose. 
"Rei," Scimitar said simply, "we've met your match for paleness." 
Rei promptly elbowed Scimitar, while still keeping a straight face. 
"I didn't know that it was an accident! He should have said something!"  
Ratchet yelled. 
Behind her Peter Suzuki, the other leader in this rather large gathering, was 
dragging a  
rather badly beaten Ksawarrior to the lounge. 
"I think when he was yelling, 'I'm sorry, I never wanted to see a chest that  
flat' over and over again, he was saying it was an accident." Peter said, 
after dropping Ksa. 
Scimitar ran over to Ksa.  
"Ksa, how many fingers do you see?" he asked, holding up three digits. 
"Who's that Saiya-jin hanging upside-down? It's me, it's me." Ksawarrior said 
rather  
oddly. 
"He's okay." Rei said.
"Or a reasonable facsimile of being okay." Said Ayeka.
"What happened, anyway?" asked Wasabi.
"He flew into the bathroom, while I was waxing myself!" explained Ratchet.
"I never realized you could grow leg hair, let alone need it to be removed." 
Said Rei.
Ratchet pulled out a can of 'Turtle Wax' out of nowhere, and said.  "You mean 
this stuff removes leg hair, too?"
"Anyhow!" interrupted Peter.  "I know when you left here the last time, we 
said you could come over for a visit anytime you wished, but we were hoping 
you'd use the door this time.  Now what are you doing all the way out here, 
anyway?"
"We could ask you the same thing." Said Ksawarrior, getting up off of the 
ground.  "Isn't this place supposed to be in the reality nexus?"
"Well, normally we are." Said Peter.  "But that was before the class C 
alert."
"Class C?" asked Ksa's group.
"I'll explain." Said B-ko, going into her 'Beautiful Female Professor' mode.  
"The alert classes are classified by the letters A, B, and C.  A is a combat 
alert, for when a physical entity is trying to destroy the station itself.  B 
is for a direct send of a bad fan fiction, such as the incident with our 
ninth MST.  And a class C alert is when there is a constant source of bad fan 
fiction being broadcast from a single source, and the Anime Port is sent to 
quiet the problem, with us as the first line of defense.  Any questions so 
far?"
Ksawarrior and his friends were seated at classroom style desks.  Scimitar 
raised his hand.  "Yes, teacher.  May I look up your dress?"  *KA-WHUD!!!*  A 
large anvil dropped from the ceiling, and flattened Scimitar.
"Anyone else?" asked B-ko.  The rest of Ksawarrior's group shook their heads 
'no'.  "Good.  Peter, will you please read the notice?"
"Why soitenly!" said Peter, as he took a scroll out of his jacket pocket.  
"At the point of late April, the year 2000, AD, a large quantity of Tank Cop 
lemon fan fiction was discovered somewhere in sector N of the interplanetary 
null zone.  In response to this growing threat to the fan space continuum, 
the heads of the MIB, the holy council of Jurai, the Galaxy Police, and 
certain parties in the sponsor council of the Anime Port, have hereby decreed 
a class C alert.  The fan fiction research team of port nine of the Anime 
Port is now assigned to locate the source of the Tank Cop hoarding, and 
either kill the parties responsible, or issue them a cease and desist letter, 
whichever is deemed appropriate for the situation."
"I vote kill!" said Priss, holding her B.A.R. gun at the ready.
"Okay, that explains why we're here." Said Peter, putting the scroll back 
into his jacket.  "Now why are you here?"
"Well," said Ksawarrior.  "As you may have heard, one of my favorite crew 
members was kidnapped not to long ago."
"Yeah, Lime from 'Saber Marionette J'.  My condolences on what happened." 
Said Peter.
"Thanks.  We've traced the scumbag who kidnapped her to here, by his 
transmissions.  When we find him, I'LL RIP HIS SPINAL CORD FROM HIS CER-"
"WOAH!  Hey!  Calm down, Ksa!" said Peter, being lifted off the ground by 
Ksawarrior's hand.  "Friend, Ksa!  Friend!!"
"Oh, sorry about that." Said Ksawarrior, as he set Peter, down.  "Okay, from 
the sound of things we're probably after the same guy."
"Right." Said Peter.  "And lucky for you, we've been working out a plan to 
find this jerk.  We figure by riffing one of his fics, and thereby draining 
it from his archive, we'll gain his attention, and get him to reveal his 
location."
"Hey, that sounds like it might actually work!" said Ksawarrior.
Ayeka, Priss, and Ranma all stared at each other with confused looks on their 
faces.  "Hey, how come WE weren't told about this plan of yours?" asked 
Ranma.
"Because we just came up with it a few minutes ago." Said B-ko.
"Sounds like a good plan." Said Ksawarrior.  "Let's use the theater on the 
Turtlecraft for it."
"Um, forgive me for asking, but why not use the theater we already have on 
the station?" asked Ayeka.
"Uh, because I accidentally, um, flooded it when I tossed Ksa through the 
bathroom wall." Said Ratchet, embarrassed.
"Oh no!" exclaimed B-ko.  "Please tell me it wasn't through the septic tank 
in the wall!!"  B-ko dashed into the theater.  Ratchet winced at the mention 
of the septic tank.
"I was wondering why I smelled '2000 Flushes'." Said Ryoga, edging away from 
Ksawarrior.
"In more ways than one." Said Filia, holding her nose.
"Deodorant?" asked Peter, pulling an industrial strength bottle of 'Anti-
Skunk' odor remover out of his jacket.
"Yes, thank you." Said Ksawarrior, as he took the spray bottle, unscrewed the 
cap, and dumped the entire contents over his head.

B-ko's scream was heard from inside the theater.  
*RAAAAAAAAAAAATCHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET NOOOOOOOOO 
BAAAAAAAAAAAKAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!*

"Oh look, there's the fan fic sign!" said Ratchet, pushing everyone toward 
the Turtlecraft.  "Let's get going!"
"I don't know." Said Scimitar.  "I'd kinda like to see how this turns out."
"NOW!" said Ratchet, dragging Scimitar behind her by his ear.
"OW!  OW!  OW!  Cut it out!  I'm moving!  I'm moving!!" said Scimitar, as he 
was dragged along.

B-ko exited a moment later, muttering something about "Vacuum attachments" 
and "Making her clean it up herself".

	(The MST group enters the theater, and takes their 
seats.)

AYEKA: I do NOT have a good feeling about this. 
PRISS: What's the worst he can do to us?! He's already 
bombarded us with bad 
spelling, poorly written sentences, and the worst Sasami 
lemon we've ever 
seen! How could he make something worse?!? 
KSA(solemnly):  Ask, and ye shall recieve. 
 
>A Digimon lemon.  
 
ALL(staring horrified up at the screen): . . . . . . . . 
. . . . . . . . 
PRISS: Everyone . . . The next time I say something like 
that, please stop 
me . . . 
OTHERS: Okay, Priss. We will. 
PRISS: Thank you. 
KSA: Told ya. 
 
>Waring:  
 
RANMA: So a war is going on? 
PETER: Probably about Tank Cop's fics.  
SCIMITAR: Or his actors decided to revolt. 
FILIA: About time. 
 
>This story involves the very graphic rape, torture, and 
group sex with a 
>minor.  
 
ALL(meekly): help. 
 
>If you are offended by this in anyway  
 
ALL: WE'RE OFFENDED!!!! 
 
>then please read no further.  
 
PRISS: If only we could. 
 
>You have been warned.  
 
AYEKA: At least he is not telling us that we "have to 
learn, sometime". 
XEL: I'll say. And Filia says I'm a bad influence on 
Val. 
FILIA: You are. (hits him with the mace) 
RYOGA: They do remind me of Ranma and Akane. 
 
>by Tank Cop  
 
PETER: May you get thumbtacks caught in your underwear! 
KSA: And teleported in the firing range of Gundam Wing 
Zero! 
 
>Mimi's Nightmare  
 
RATCHET: Soon to be OUR nightmare. 
REI: Amen, sister. Amen. 
 
>-------------------------------------------------------
---------------------- 
>------ 
 
>This takes place when all the digidestions have 
reunited.  
 
RANMA: Who? 
PETER: I think he means the eight kids. 
RANMA: Oh. 
SCIMITAR: Either that, or he's self-inserting. 
KSA: GAH! Don't say that! 
 
>-------------------------------------------------------
---------------------- 
>------ 
>All the kids were having a good time telling each other 
about there 
>adventures in Mile Island.  
 
AYEKA: I thought they were on FILE Island. 
RATCHET: Tank Cop's not paying attention to the series. 
This is a bad 
thing. 
KSA: Actually, it'd be a lot worse if he did pay 
attention. That'd mean he  
actually watches the show, and has disgraced it. 
 
>Then Sora said, "Dinners ready," and then everyone 
rushed to eat.  
 
SCIMITAR: I thought that Joe was the one who cooked. 
KSA:(Tank Cop) Details? BAH! I'll rewrite it. 
 
>They all dined on fish, grapes, appels and other kinds 
of food they could 
>find in the area.  
 
PRISS: Phone booths, trolley cars, telephone poles . . . 
RANMA: And eggs! Don't forget the eggs! 
 
>But Mimi was  
>eating something that no one else was.  
 
PETER(Tai): Where's Agumon? 
RATCHET(Mimi): *burp!* Uh-Who's Agumon? 
 
>She was eating some mushrooms she had found in a field.  
 
PRISS(Mimi, stoned): The colors . . . . . . 
 
>No one liked them but here.  
 
AYEKA: And why did they like them here, instead of any 
place else? 
PETER: For the same reason people like cheese from 
California, more than any 
place else. 
RANMA: Amen. 
XEL: I shall not eat them over there. I rather like them 
over here! 
FILIA: You read Dr. Suess? 
XEL: Not really. I lost a bet with Scimitar, and had to 
read it. 
 
>Joe noticed Mimi eating them and got scared!  
 
PETER(Joe): GET BACK!! SHE'S GONNA BLOW!!! 
RATCHET(ditto): GET IN CLOSER!! SHE'S GONNA BLOW!!! 
(The other group members glare at both of them.) 
SCIMITAR: Why would he be scared anyway? 
RYOGA:(reading a tree) "Tank Cop was here"? I think 
THAT'S why! 
 
>"Mimi stop eating those now!"  
>Joe ran up and took the bowl away from Mimi.  
>Mimi was very pissed off.  
 
PRISS(Mimi): Fine then! I'll just go lick toads! 
 
>"Give it back Joe."  
>Joe was not going to do that. "Mimi these could give 
you nightmare or be 
>poison!"  
 
RANMA(announcer): The part of Joe, shall be played today 
by Shampoo. 
RYOGA(ditto): As well as Sora, Tai, Matt, T.K., Izzy, 
etc. 
 
>Mimi looked as if she might start laughting!  
 
PETER: Oh . . . And what's "laughting"? 
 
>"No way Joe, these will not give me nightmares and 
poison,  
>HA! If they were poison I would be dead now. Seeing as 
I have been eating 
>them for over a week now,  
>and as you can see I'm just fine. Now give them back to 
me."  
 
AYEKA(announcer): And the part of Mimi, shall be 
portrayed by Mojo Jojo. 
FILIA(ditto):  As well as many action scenes, in this 
story.
 
>Joe was still not sure. "Well ok, here's your mushrooms 
back." Joe hands the 
>bowl back to Mimi. "But don't get mad if you start to 
have bad nightmares 
>Mimi."  
 
PRISS: As if there were such a thing as GOOD nightmares. 
XEL: Actually... 
OTHERS(glaring at him): -_-x 
XEL: Never mind. ^_^;; 
 
>Mimi was not impressed with what Joe siad.  
 
RATCHET: But what about what Joe "said"? 
 
>"Oh please!" So she finished the whole bowl.  
 
PETER(Joe): Uh, we're going to need that! It's camping 
gear! Oh, never mind 
. . . 
 
>-------------------------------------------------------
---------------------- 
>------------------ 
 
>Later that night the kids went to sleep and had nice 
dreams. The same can't 
>be said for Mimi, who was 
>rolling back and forth in her sleeping bag. Having one 
hell of a nightmare.  
 
RATCHET(Mimi, having one hell of a nightmare): No . . . 
I don't want to be 
in a Tank Cop lemon . . . 
SCIMITAR: Does anyone? 
REI: I never wanted to, but he did anyway. (gets a pat 
on the shoulder from  
Ksawarrior) 
 
>-------------------------------------------------------
---------------------- 
>------------------ 
 
>Mimi was dreming  
 
ALL: What's "dreming"? 
 
>that Ogermon is after her. "HELP ME! SOMEONE, ANYONE, 
HELP ME!"  
 
PRISS(Mimi): I'VE BEEN HAVING THE SAME NIGHTMARE FOR 
OVER A WEEK NOW! WHY DOES THIS KEEP HAPPENING?! 
 
>Then Mimi saw her Digimon, Palmon yelling at her.  
 
AYEKA(Palmon, yelling): YOU SHOULD NOT HAVE EATEN THOSE 
MUSHROOMS!! 
 
>"MIMI OVER HERE. YOU'LL BE SAFE IN THIS CAVE. HURRY 
UP."  
 
RANMA: I think T.C. forgot how to type an exclamation 
mark. 
PRISS: Just wait until the lemon scene. 
 
>Mimi runs into the cave.  
 
PETER(Mimi): *WHUMP!* OW! 
 
>Then Palmon using her vine attack, grabs some rocks on 
top of the cave and  
>brings them down, keeping Ogermon out, but trapping 
Mimi inside.  
>Mimi was scared that it was to dark in the cave.  
 
AYEKA(Mimi): I think it may be too dark in this cave. 
RATCHET(Palmon): Who said that!? 
 
>Then she saw a blast of fire, then she saw a flaming 
torch walking towards 
>her.  
 
ALL(chanting): Burn the witch . . . Burn the witch . . . 
We shall cleanse 
the Earth with fire . . . 
 
>It was Agumon. With a torch to keep Mimi warm and safe. 
Agumon walks  
>over to Palmon. "Are you ok? We were worried that you 
won't be able to get 
>her in here."  
 
PRISS(Mimi, annoyed): Oh, don't worry about me. I'm just 
fine! 
 
>Palmon just smiled. "No need to worry Agumon I got her 
here now we can 
>proceed with the paln. 

KSA(Agumon):  Okay . . .  What's a "paln"?

>Is everyone here?" Agumon shock his head.  
 
PETER(Pikachu): PIKA-CHUUUU!!! 
 
>"No Tentamon,  
 
RATCHET: Who's "Tentamon"? 
REI:  The warped cousin of "Tentomon".
RATCHET:  So he digivolves into Kuwagamon?
 
>Gatomon, and Biyomon didn't get here in  
>time,  
 
SCIMITAR: They will be known as "the lucky ones" from 
now on.
 
>but everyone else is here." Palmon shurigged.  
 
RANMA: How do you "shurigg"? 
OTHERS: No idea. 
 
>"Well they we can't wait for them, so they will just  
>have to miss out. Well lets get going."  
>As they walked threw the cave  
 
PRISS(football player): Go long! 
(Peter pretends to fall of a cliff.) 
PETER(falling): AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
. . . . . . . .  
PRISS(football player): Oops. 
 
>Mimi was wondering what they meant by, got her to come?  
>Then they reached there destination, Mimi saw that the 
rest of the Digimon 
>were there. Ptamon,  
 
PETER: Who? 
 
>Gabumon, and Gomamon. Then Agumon and Palmon took 
>Mimi by the hands and led 
>her to a small room in the cave where there were four 
lit torches on ether 
>side of the room.  
>There was also a flat, long stone on the round that 
looked like a bed!  
 
AYEKA: Uh-oh, there is the exclamation mark. 
KSA(whipping out a shinto ward): GET READY! 
 
>Mimi was tired of not knowing. "Allright, what's going 
on here?" Mimi 
>demanded.  
 
PETER(Gekomon): Well prinshess, you're in thish lemon 
shene. 
 
>Agumon gave her an answer. "Were all going to fuck you 
Mimi, whether you like 
>it or not!"  
>Mimi nearly went into shock!  
 
RATCHET('Pokemon Stadium' announcer): The move failed! 
 
>"I won't let you even touch me. So there's no way in 
hell that you will get  
>my clothes off let alone have sex with me!"  
>Al the Digimon shock there heads.  
 
RANMA: A Digimon named "Al"? 
FILIA: Is his special attack, "Hands in pants Blaster"? 
PRISS: Let's take off his mask, and see who he really 
is! 
AYEKA, KSA, RATCHET, REI, RYOGA, SCIMITAR, & XEL(doing 
the "Who's that Pokemon!?" eyecatch):  IT'S PIKACHU!!!
PETER(Pikachu as an old man): And I would have gotten 
away with it too, if it 
weren't for you meddling Digimon, and your darn kid!! 
 
>Palmon walks over to Mimi. "Mimi dear, we don't need to 
take your  
>clothes off, because your on even wearing any!"  
>Mimi looked down at her body and see that Palmon is 
right she is completely 
>naked!  
 
PRISS: Oh, come on! We all know she's a ditz, but she's 
not THAT stupid! 
KSA: I dunno, she can be at times. 
(A voice yells out "Flower cannon!" and Ksawarrior is 
blasted into the ground) 
All: O_O;;
(Ksawarrior gets up, looking like hell and smelling like 
roses, and sits back down in his seat.)
KSA:  Let's pretend that never happened, okay?
OTHERS:  Right. 
 
>"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!" Mimi screams and trys to cover 
herself.  
>Then Palmon shot her vines for her right hand out and 
grabs Mimi in a tight 
>hold.  
 
ALL: Huh? What? Where? When? How? 
 
>Mimi falls on the stone  
>bed and struggles to get free, but with no success. 
"LET ME GO!" Mimi 
>screams.  
>Then the Digimon have a little meeting. "Well we have 
to decied who fucks 
>what?  
 
PETER(Digimon): Are you sure about that? 
 
>So to be fare we will  
>have a drawing to see who gets to fuck what." Agumon 
said.  
>The others had no problem with that.  
 
AYEKA(Mimi): Uh, excuse me! _I_ have a problem with 
that! 
REI:  As do we.
 
>So Agumon takes Mimi's hat and ripes some paper,  
 
RANMA(Agumon): Paper! Get your nice ripe paper, here! 
 
>writes a sexual place of Mimi's body on each piece.  
 
PETER(Agumon): Hey Gabumon, is 'earlobe' a sexual place? 
RANMA(Gabumon): What's a sexual place? 
RATCHET(Palmon): What's an earlobe? 
XEL:  That, is a secret. (Hit by Filia.) *WHAM!* . . .  
Ow . . .
 
>Then he dropped them in the hat and shacks the hat 
around.  
 
PRISS: The first person to even hum "Love Shack" dies. 
SCIMITAR: Damn. 
 
>Then each Digimon took a turn.  
>Patamon took the first pick. "Damn, I got her right 
breast. I wanted her 
>pussy."  
 
AYEKA: Suddenly, I feel sorry for little TK. 
 
>Mimi was shocked that they were going to rape her and 
they just acted like it 
>was a big game!  
 
ALL: WHEEL! . . . . OF!! . . . MIMI!!! 
 
>Then it was Gomamon's turn. "Please let it be her 
butt." He takes out the 
>paper. "Darn it, I got her left breast. Oh well."  
>Then it was Palmon's turn. Using her free hand she 
reached in.  
 
RATCHET(Palmon): Come on boxcars! 
 
>"Well I got her mouth. Lucky me."  
>Mimi was to scared to even move, now! She started to 
cry.  
>Then it was Gabumon's turn. He looked at the paper and 
he got the biggest 
>smile on his face. "YAHOO!  
 
ALL: GEOCITIES! 
 
>I got her pussy!"  
 
(Ranma nervously looks around, for any sign of a cat. 
This is a Tank Cop 
lemon. You never know.) 
 
>Mimi just went all white when she heard that.  
>And lastly it was Agumon's turn. He got the second best 
prize?  
 
PETER(to Tank Cop): You mean YOU don't even know!? 
KSA: Be afraid. Be VERY, VERY afraid! 
 
>"Looks like I'll be going to fuck Mimi for behind,  
 
AYEKA(Mimi): You are going to rape me under contract!?! 
WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE!? 
 
>I got her butt!"  
>Mimi was now using the last of her strength to make a 
last desperate attempt 
>to break free for Palmon. It was no good.  
>Then Palmon told them how they were going to rape her.  
 
PRISS(Palmon): In whatever way nauseates the audience 
the most. 
 
>"All right guys. Here's what we're going to do.  
>We will fuck her in the same order that we did the 
drawing. So Patamon goes 
>first then after five minutes Gomamon can go and so 
on."  
>They were all ok with that.  
 
AYEKA(Mimi): I beg to differ. 
RYOGA: So do we. 
 
>Then Patamon walks over to Mimi and is about ready to 
begin raping her.  
>Mimi with tears in her eye's try's one last time and 
begs for them not to do 
>this. "Please don't. I haven't done anything!"  
 
ALL: Neither have we! 
 
>Patamon answers her. "Oh you will do something soon 
Mimi, you will make this 
>good for me or I will hurt you!  
 
PETER: Let's see . . . Missing quotation mark, Patamon 
out of character . . 
. Yup, it's a Tank Cop lemon. 
 
>Then Palmon shots out the rest of her vines from her 
other hand and gets 
>Mimi's body into position.  
 
RANMA: Assume the position! 
(The MST groups take out their vomit bags, and place 
them just under  
their mouths.) 
 
>Her  
>arms are stretched out and her legs are spread out as 
far as they can go! 
>Making sure that Mimi has  
>little to no movement. So she won't spoil there fun.  
 
PRISS(sarcastically): Thank you Mojo Jojo, for clearing 
that up. 
 
>The Patamon took his turn. He walks up and licked 
Mimi's right breast!  
>Mimi's body shivered with fear and excitment as Patamon 
licked all over 
>Mimi's breast. Then after a minute Patamon got bored 
and  
 
AYEKA: left. 
 
>moved to sucking on her breast.  
 
AYEKA: Rats. 
 
>He sucked hard!  
 
RATCHET: Just like this fic! 
 
>Moving  
>his tongue around the whole time. Then after another 
minute he got really 
>mean.  
 
PETER: He started demanding her lunch money, and 
everything! 
KSA: The big jerk! 
 
>Patamon bites down  
>on Mimi's nipple wit all he's got!  
 
RANMA: Wit all his what? 
 
>Mimi was horrified! "NO PLEASE DON'T DO THAT!"  
 
ALL: We agree! 
 
>"I told you not to give me any trouble Mimi. Now I have 
to hurt you!" With 
>that Patamon bites down hard on Mimi's breast and pulls 
it with all his 
>might!  
 
PETER: Considering the fact that Patamon is basically a 
throw pillow with bat 
wings, and Tokomon is the one with teeth, that's not 
saying much. 
FILIA(hits Peter with her mace): DON'T GIVE HIM ANY 
IDEAS! 
PETER:  OUCH!  I didn't give anybody ideas!  And watch 
it with that thing, will ya!  _I_ can't regenerate like 
Xelloss!
 
>He pulls it up and down, left and right. He pulls it so 
hard  
>that her nipple starts to bleed! Patamon pullson Mimi's 
breast as a dog would 
>pull on a piece of rope!  
 
PRISS(wincing): Okay, we got the point already! 
 
>Mimi just screams and cries out to be let go!  
>Patamon counties to pull on Mimi's nipple. After 
another minute Patamon 
>starts to bite all over Mimi's breast, leaving deep red 
bite marks all over 
>her right breast!  
 
(Ranma doubles over in sympathy pains, and falls over.) 
ALL THE GIRLS: Ouch . . . 
PETER: I don't even have breasts, and _I_ think that's 
painful! 
 
>Then it was Gomamon's turn to have some fun and join 
Patamon.  
 
RANMA(getting up): I'm never going to be able to watch 
this show again, 
without thinking about THIS scene. 
 
>Gomamon starts right off hurting Mimi  
>by grabbing her left breast with his hands  
 
RATCHET: He's a SEA ANIMAL DIGIMON! He doesn't have 
HANDS! 
 
>and squeezing it hard! So hard in fact that his claws 
started to  
>cut threw her skin!  
 
AYEKA: If Tank Cop does get a girlfriend, heaven forbid, 
I hope she reads 
this and then kills him. 
KSA: He actually did, and e-mailed me about his break-up 
with her. 
XEL: Could you blame her? 
OTHERS:  No.
PETER:  I wonder if she left him because of his 
personality, or because of his writing.
KSA:  I think it was a combination of both.
 
>"OH GOD JUST KILL ME NOW PLEASE!" Mimi cries!  
 
ALL: US TOO! 
 
>"Shut up you slut!" Gomamon then slaps Mimi acrossed 
the face!  
 
PETER: So far Tank Cop has shown he thinks that the 
Digimon are sex crazed 
perverts, Patamon's psychopathic, and Gomamon thinks 
he's a pimp. Once again 
I say to Tank Cop, I hope something REALLY bad happens 
to you. 
AYEKA: I feel that the worst part is that this is NOT 
his worst work. The 
simple fact that "Sammys Little Secret" is worse than 
this, makes me feel sick 
to my stomach. 
RANMA: I feel sick to my stomach too, but it's not 
because this isn't his 
worst work. 
XEL: I'd feel sick to my stomach, if I actually had one, 
seeing as I'm an  
astral plane creature. 
PRISS:  Then how come you throw up along with the rest 
of us?
XEL:  I . . .  I don't know!
PRISS:  What?  No "that, is a secret", again?
XEL(clutching head):  WHAT HAS THIS FIC DONE TO ME!?!?!
 
>With Gomamon's claws now deep into her breast and blood 
coming out! He licked 
>the breast and the blood off her breast. "Such a sweet 
little slut you are!" 
>Then it was time for Palmon to start her turn. "All 
right honny, I'm going to 
>put a vine in your mouth, now if you don't want me to 
hurt you like Patamon 
>and Gomamon are, then you will be a good little slut 
and do a good job." With 
>that Palmon shots a vine into Mimi's mouth.  
 
SCIMITAR(convulsing): Tank Cop's using tentacles.... 
Oyaji-sama, WHHHYYYYY!!?? 
AYEKA: I think I shall start a women's group, just on 
the basis of hating 
this story. 
FILIA:  Well, you already have four members to start 
with.  Five, if you count Ranma.
RANMA:  Yeah, that's r-HEY!
 
>She move it in and out. Making the  
>vine nice slimy! "Feels just like a cock in your mouth, 
right slut?"  
>Mimi can't talk so she just nodded her head.  
 
PETER: I'm not even going to dignify this with a 
response. 
KSA: I, on the other hand, will. (deep breath) SHE'S 
NEVER HAD SEX BEFORE IN HER LIFE YOU STUPID PERVERT! 
*cough!* *wheeze!* Thank you. 
PETER(to Ksawarrior):  Feel better now?
KSA:  Much.
 
>Palmon was not going to hurt Mimi as much, but she was 
moving the vine in and 
>out pretty fast!  
 
RATCHET(Mimi, muffled): Air . . . Need air . . . 
 
>After five minutes it was Gabumon's turn.  
 
RANMA: At least the poor detail means we don't have to 
see much. 
RYOGA(trying to pinch off his nosebleed):  Thank 
goodness for small favors.
 
>"Now for some real fun slut! I am going to fuck you 
hard!" Gabumon said with 
>a smile on his face.  
 
PRISS: I'm never going to watch this show, again. 
 
>Mimi just wanted this to end.  
 
ALL: SO DO WE!!! 
 
>She couldn't belevie this was happening.  
 
AYEKA: Well, what did she "believe"? 
 
>Then Mimi felt Gabumon's dick on the tip of her pussy!  
 
RATCHET(Mimi): Leave my cat out of this! 
RANMA(shuddering): Don't mention the "C" word! 
SCIMITAR(ditto): And we mean as in both Ranma's fear, 
and the actual idea. 
KSA: Makes you happy that Gatomon was spared, don't it? 
OTHERS: Amen! 
 
>Then he rammed it in hard, ripping her virginity apart!  
 
PETER: How? He's barely two feet tall. How long can his 
dick possibly be? 
PRISS: This is a Tank Cop lemon, remember? Knowing that 
pervert, Gabumon's 
penis is ten feet long. 
PETER: No, it can't be THAT long. He'd die of blood 
loss, just from his 
erection! 
REI: You mean like Ryoga is, but without the erection? 
(Ryoga has passed out with a large nosebleed at this 
point) 
PETER:  And without the blood running down his face.
 
>Mimi screamed as much as she could with a vine in her 
mouth!  
>Gabumon shoved his dick in and out and shoved it in as 
deep as it could go.  
 
RATCHET: All two inches. 
 
>Mimi's pussy leaked with cum and blood!  
 
RANMA(Gabumon): Uh, we need some bandages over here! 
 
>Gabumon was just loving it and gets into a good rhythm.  
>Mimi was just so weak that she couldn't fight back 
anymore.  
 
AYEKA(to Mimi, in the fic): WAKE UP, DAMNIT!!! WAKE 
UP!!! 
RYOGA(getting up):  Oh, God.  I had the most horrible 
dream!  I dreamt that we were watching this horrible 
Digimon lemon where-(Looks up at the screen.)  
GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!
 
>Then to her shear horror it was Agumon's turn!  
>"Raise her up for me will you Palmon?"  
 
PRISS(Palmon): No I won't, Agumon. I'm not your damn 
slave! 
 
>Palmon lifts up Mimi's back side and Agumon slides 
underneath her and places 
>his dick into her little asshole!  
>Mimi's eye's became like big ovals!  
 
PETER: Considering the character designs for this Anime 
series, I can believe 
it. 
KSA(deep voice): Digimon: Giant gloves, perverted 
monsters. 
RATCHET(ditto):  Plus the great taste of chicken.  
(Everyone else stares at her, nervously.)  What?
 
>As the pain of being ass fucked hit her hard!  
>Agumon was loving it! "Oh God your so tight Mimi!" 
Agumon said as he jammed 
>his dick all the way up her ass!  
>Mimi just cried. For it was the only thing she could 
do.  
>The horrorable rape lasted for hours!  
 
(The MST group vomits silently into their barf-bags.) 
 
>Then everyone stopped!  
 
AYEKA(Palmon): Oh my god! What have we done!?! 
RANMA(Gabumon): I feel unclean! 
PRISS(Patamon): The dirt! It won't wash off!!! 
RATCHET(Gomamon): I'm going to throw myself into a tuna 
net! 
PETER(Mimi): Um, could you let me go now? 
KSA(Agumon): Hey! Let's go get that perverted author. 
SCIMITAR(Gabumon): Yeah! 
XEL(Tank Cop): What!? You slaves get back to screwing 
that minor! 
KSA(Agumon): Agumon, warp digivolve to.... WARGREYMON! 
SCIMITAR(Gabumon): Gabumon, warp digivolve to.... 
METALGARURUMON! 
FILIA: You guys do those voices too well. 
PETER(Gomamon):  Gomamon, warp digivolve to .... 
MARINEANGEMON!
KSA:  Peter, Gomamon doesn't have a MEGA level, yet.
ANIME PORT #9 CREW(holding up their Digibattle card game 
decks):  Oh yes he does!!
 
>Each one of them let go of Mimi.  
 
PETER(Mimi): Thanks. 
 
>Mimi was a hurt, sad, cring mess! Mimi would have run 
away but she  
>didn't even have enoght strength to stand up.  
 
RATCHET: But did she have "enough" strength? 
 
>Then she hear something that shocked her?  
 
RANMA: Shampoo's narrating again. 
 
>"All right Ogermon its your turn, she's all yours." 
Palmon says and Ogermon 
>walks in.  
 
PRISS(game show host): Ogremon, Mimi Tachikawa says 
"Make me laugh"! 
PETER(Ogremon): Me and Leomon have been best friends for 
ever, and ever. 
RATCHET(Mimi, laughing): WAH-HA-HA-HA-HA-HA-HA-HA-HA-HA-
HA-HA-HA!!! 
PETER(Ogremon): Wait, I haven't told the joke yet! 
 
>Mimi wass just to scared to even scream!  
 
AYEKA(Mimi, unhappily to Ogremon): I thought we left 
you, outside of the 
cave. 
RYOGA(Ogremon):  I got better . . .  No, wait.  That's 
not my line!
 
>Ogermon was naked with the biggest dick she had ever 
seen. It was far to big 
>to fit in her!  
 
RATCHET: He then fainted from the amount of blood needed 
to sustain the 
erection. 
 
>"All right you slut, its time for my fun!" Ogermon 
grabs Mimi by the legs and 
>rams his huge dick into her small and sore pussy!  
>Mimi screams out in pain. "AAAAAAARRRRRHHHHHH!"  
 
ALL: WE AGREE!! 
 
>Then to Mimi's surprise Ogermon's voice started to 
sound like Joe's?  
 
RANMA(to Tank Cop): You mean YOU don't even know? 
AYEKA: So Ogremon has become very whiny, and complains a 
lot? 
RATCHET(Ogremon as Joe): This isn't as much fun as I 
thought it would be. 
XEL(ditto):  I think I'm gonna barf.
PRISS(ditto): It's YOUR turn to carry the bag, today! 
PETER(ditto): I'M STUCK!!! I'M STUCK!!! GET IT OUT!!! 
(The other group 
members stare at him nervously.) What? 
 
>Then Mimi wakes up 
 
PETER: to only find herself sleeping on a Plate of 
Sashimi. 
XEL: *PLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT!!!* (headless body falls 
over) 
KSA: Not again. 
 
>!  
>"Mimi are you ok, you were screaming in your sleep?" 
Joe said as he held her 
>tightly.  
 
PRISS(to Tank Cop): YOU PUT THE QUESTION MARK IN THE 
WRONG PLACE, YOU IDIOT!!! 
 
>Then she looks at herself and sees no scares, cuts, or 
bruise any 
>were on her.  
 
AYEKA(narrator): Unfortunately the bad spelling and 
grammar told her she was 
still in Tank Cop's story. 
 
>It was all a dream. Then  
>she gives Joe a big hug.  
 
RANMA(Joe): My SPINE!!! 
XEL(finally regenerated):  Is it over?
KSA:  Almost, I think.
 
>"Oh Joe you were right those mushrooms did give me 
nightmares. I never want  
>to eat them again! Just hold me please Joe."  
 
RATCHET: This would actually be touching, if it weren't 
T.C.'s fic. 
 
>"Ok Mimi. Man that must have been some nightmare?" Joe 
said.  
 
PETER(Joe): Is that my line? 
 
>"Joe I hope you never know.  
 
SCIMITAR: If he ever finds out about it, I think he'd 
kill himself. 
PRISS(rapping with the fic): Now we really got to go. 
(The other group members glare at her, but do not say 
anything.) 
 
>It was horrorable."  
 
AYEKA(Mimi): It was as "horrorable" as Tank Cop's 
spelling! 
 
>The End. 
 
ALL: FINALLY!!! (The MST group gets up, and starts to 
leave.) 
RANMA: What? No poorly written taunt to Ksa? 
PETER: Don't push it, Ranma. 
KSA: No, let's see him try to insult me! COME ON YOU 
ILLITERATE PERVERT! I'M RIGHT HERE, SO TAKE YOUR BEST 
SHOT! 
(Something lands in front of Ksawarrior on the way out) 
KSA(picking it up): Oh sweet god... 
PETER: What is it? 
(Ksawarrior turns the package around, which happens to 
be a script, with the words,  
"Sammy's Little Secret 5")
ALL BUT KSAWARRIOR:  KSA NO BAKA!!!!!!
	(Everyone finally exits the theater.)



	"Honestly, Ksa.  I thought you'd know better than 
to provoke him, by now." Said Peter.
	"Oh, like I knew he was listening in on us!" said 
Ksawarrior, as he inspected the package.  "Wait a minute 
. . .  This thing looks like it's supposed to hold a 
tape . . .  But it's empty!"

	*Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha* A slightly bland 
voice sounds from the viewing monitor.
	
	"Oh hell." Mutters Ksawarrior, as he puts down the 
package.  "Hey guys!  Get in here!  Brain-In-The-Box is 
calling!"  The MST groups stop whatever they were doing, 
and join the two leaders, on the deck.
	"Greetings Ksawarrior.  Hello Mr. Suzuki.  I trust 
the empty package arrived there where you could see it?" 
said Dr. Wheelo, as he appeared on the monitor.
	"Hey, I know you!" exclaimed Peter.  "You were the 
villain who got his hypothalamus kicked by a five year 
old."
	"An error in the final print, I assure you." Said 
Dr. Wheelo, perhaps a little too quickly, but then again 
you can not really tell with him.  "At any rate, the 
tape that Tank Cop so graciously included in that 
package has been beamed to your ship, as your next fan 
fiction."
	"Aw, DAMN!" exclaimed the MST groups.
	It was at this point that Peter realized someone 
was missing.  "Hey, where's Ratchet?!"
	"Ah, yes.  Thank you for reminding me." Said Dr. 
Wheelo.  "Your little friend is up here with me, along 
with Ksawarrior's potential girlfriend, Lime.  I can't 
be having people potentially in love ruining the 
experiment, now can I?"
	"Well, what about them?" asked Ranma, pointing to 
Filia and Xelloss, the former trying to reduce the 
latter to mace mush.
	"Please, take my unsurpassed knowledge into 
credit, Mr. Saotome."  Said Dr. Wheelo.  "At any rate, 
you can just give up on seeing either of them, ever ag-"
	"Ratchet!" called out B-ko.
	"Yeah?!" said Ratchet, from somewhere to the left 
of Wheelo.
	"What the?" exclaimed Dr. Wheelo.
	"Implement escape program 'P'!"  said B-ko.  
"Escape program 'P'!  Understand?!"
	"Got it!" said Ratchet, as the sound of computer 
equipment being severely damaged echoed though Dr. 
Wheelo's lab.
	"Stop that!" Said Dr. Wheelo.  "That is a highly 
important piece of machinery!"
	"I know!" said Ratchet, as said important piece of 
machinery went flying past the camera, and landed 
somewhere else with a loud *CRASH!*
	"Ratchet!" said Peter.  "If you happen to see 
Lime, from Saber Marionette J anywhere, rescue her too!"
	"Eeyukae!" said Ratchet, as another piece of delicate machinery could 
be heard going bye-bye.
	"Now see here!" said Dr. Wheelo, in an authoritative voice.  "Put that 
down, right this minute! . . . Oh-no." With a sound *BONK!* said piece of 
delicate machinery was thrown into Dr. Wheelo, causing the encased brain to 
topple over.  "Help!  I have fallen!  And I can't get up!"
	
	"So Peter, just what is 'escape program P' anyway?" asks Ksawarrior, as 
Ratchet causes mass destruction and mayhem in her search for Lime.
	"Basically it means 'destroy all important looking pieces of machinery, 
saving the transporter to escape, and leave behind lots of explosive 
things'." Said Peter, looking at his watch.  "Five, four, three, two, one."
	"I'm back!!" announced Ratchet, as she entered onto the deck.
	"What took you so long?" asked Scimitar.
	"Voyager was creating transporter traffic on the way up here." Replied 
Ratchet.
	"Where's Lime!?!" asked Ksawarrior.
	"She's in here." Said Ratchet, holding up a Master-Ball type Pokeball.
	"YOU STUFFED HER IN A POKEBALL!?!?!?!" exclaimed Ksawarrior.
	"It's okay, trust me.  S'all right in there?" Ratchet asked the ball.  
A faint scream of *let me out of here!* could be heard from inside.  "S'all 
right."
	"Give me that!!!" said Ksawarrior, as he grabbed the Pokeball from 
Ratchet, and pushed the button.  It opened up, and released a very tired 
looking Lime.  "Lime-chan!!"
	That perked her up right away.  "KSA!  DAI SU-"*whump!* Lime fell over, 
completely worn out.
	"I think she's a little out of it." Said Rei.
	"That brain guy had her eyes hooked up to a television, and was forcing 
her to watch PBS all the time." Explained Ratchet.
	"That monster!" growled Ksawarrior, as he clutched Lime protectively to 
himself.

	"You have not won yet, my little lab rats." Said Dr. Wheelo, who 
somehow got upright again.  "The damage is repairable, and I still have the 
robot girl stealer.  You will never win.  BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"
	"BWAHAHAHAHAHA!"
	"WUHUHUHUHUHUH!"
	"EHEHEHEHEHEHEH!"
	*beepeepeepeepeepeep!*
	Dr. Wheelo looked (?) behind himself, to see an Electrode Pokemon, a 
Weezing Pokemon, a Golem Pokemon, and a Bob-bom all standing behind him, 
imitating his laughter.
	"Pokemon!  And you Bob-bom, EXPLOSION ATTACK NOW!!!" shouted Peter.
	"I hate you." Dr. Wheelo managed to say, just before the explosions 
occurred.
	*BOOM!!!!!*
	*BOOM!!!!!*
	*BOOM!!!!!*
	*VA-BOOM!!!!!*
	And the screen now showed only static.

	"Way to blow his brains out, Ratchet!" said Priss.
	"Great job!" said Peter.  "Mission accomplished!"
	"Aw, shucks!  It was nothing." Said Ratchet.
	*You've got death threat!* sounded a computer nearby.
	Wasabi went over and checked what was up.  "Hey, it's from Doc Wheelo!  
He survived!"
	The MST groups went over to see what was up.

Dear valued resources,
	Despite your futile attempts, I am not dead.  While you have 
momentarily destroyed my camera, and completely destroyed my "Steal the 
potential robot girlfriends of the MST group leaders" device, I still have my 
fan fiction sending device, and will be sending you bad stories until 
doomsday.  I hope you die.  Sincerely; Doctor Wheelo.  PS:  Somehow, some 
way, I shall have my revenge!

	"Oops." Said Ratchet.  "I guess I missed the fic sender."
	"It's okay, Ratchet." Said Peter.  "You did good anyway."
	"No more . . . please . . ." muttered Lime, causing Ksawarrior to hug 
her more protectively.

	Suddenly, the klaxons blared.
	"WE GOT TANK COP SIGN!!!"  The MST groups shouted, as they all rushed 
into the theater, and the recorders rushed into the control booth.

(The MST groups sit down, with Ksawarrior 
trying to comfort a still slightly dazed 
Lime.)

>I'm so tried of disclaimers and warnings, 
so I am not going 
>to do them anymore in this series. 

AYEKA:  We would prefer it if you just left 
out the series, and kept the disclaimers and 
warnings.
SCIMITAR: You don't get it! He can be sued 
now! (starts making calls to his lawyer)
AYEKA:  I would still rather not have to 
watch this.

>This is it people, the last chapter in the 
best Tenchi Muyo 
>Lemon series of all time. 

RANMA:  So this is NOT "Sammys Little 
Secret"?

>I'm very sad that after this series it will 
be over. 

PRISS:  You're the only one.

>But all good things must come to an end. 

PETER:  But what does that have to do with 
this series?
XEL: If that's so, then T.C. will live on 
forever.

>So 
>here we go with the last chapter of the 
finest Sasami lemon 
>series in the world. 

RATCHET:  Isn't "Union" already over with?

>by Tank Cop 

PETER(to Tank Cop):  May you have acne till 
you're a hundred!
LIME(beginning to come around):  Oh Ksa, I 
had the most horrible nightmare.  I dreamt a 
brain in a fish bowl forced us to watch a 
terrible lemon by . . . (Looks up at the 
screen.)  OH NO!!  Not THIS author again!!!  
(Starts crying into Ksawarrior's arms.)  
Make it go away!  Make it go away!!
KSA(blushing a bright red): Don't worry... 
I'm here.

>Sammys Little Secret 

PETER:  She's the 252nd Pokemon!
PRISS:  The truth to why her mother and 
brother haven't appeared in this story.
SCIMITAR(Tenchi): What? Stay in a Tank Cop 
lemon? Nope, I'm going to Mexico!
ALL: SPRING BREAK! (do a little dance)

>5: Secrets No More 
>-------------------------------------------
------------------------------------
>--------- 
>The group walks into the thrown room of the 
Magical 
>Kingdom of Juria. 

RATCHET:  They threw the room?
SCIMITAR: The most convenient giant robot 
was nearby.
REI:  Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't 
that supposed to be Juriahelm?

>Sasami in dressed in full Sammy gear, 

KSA: The world's shortest minor mini-skirt.

>Misao in her Pixy Misa outfit, 

REI: The probable influence for all these 
Pretty Sammy lemons.

>and Ryo-Ohki and Rumiya 

RATCHET(narrator):  in matching leather 
halters.
OTHERS:  RATCHET!
RATCHET(smiling sweetly):  What?

>were also dressed 
>for a fight if need be to convince Ramia 
and Tsunami into 
>ending this war. 
>"Ok Rumiya were are they?" Sasami asks. 

XEL(Rumiya):  I'm afraid THAT, is a secret.  
^_^
FILIA(Sasami): -_-x
XEL(Rumiya): Second door to the left.

>Just then Tsunami and Ramia suddenly appear 

PETER:  to a sold out crowd!
ALL(bored):  Yaaay.

>infront of them. "What do you kids want?" 
Ramia asks. 

ALL:  OUT OF HERE!!!

>Rumiya steps forward. "Its over sister. 

PRISS(Rumiya as a Chicago mobster):  The jig 
is up, scarlet.

>The war ends here." 
>Rumiya said with a determind voice. "A bold 
statement for 
>a littel loser like you!" Ramia said with a 
laught. 

RANMA:  What's a "laught"?
RYOGA: Better question. What is "littel"?

>Rumiya 
>gets angry. Then Misao steps forward. "Misa 
is gone. You 
>will no longer control me. I will never 
fight for you again." 
>Misao says 

PRISS(Ramia):  Did I say you could talk?!
RATCHET(Misao, cringing):  S-s-sorry mam.

>as she throws her baton on the ground. 
Sasami 
>walks over to Tsunami. "I quit too. 

PETER(Sasami):  Hell no!  I won't bl-
OTHERS:  NO!!!

>I no longer want to fight 
>for a causew that will cause me to hurt my 
friends

AYEKA(Sasami):  and add extra 'w's where I 
should not.

>." Sasami also throws her baton on the 
ground. 
>Tsunami looks at 
>Ryo-Ohki. "Your still with me right Ryo-
Ohki?" Tsunami 
>asks. "No!" Ryo-Ohki said. 

AYEKA(Ryo-Ohki):  It is YOUR still, now!

>"We have all rejected you. 

RANMA(Ryo-Ohki):  We're just not compatible.

>How 
>can you two have a war when no one will 
fight for ether of 
>you?" Ryo-Ohki said with boldness. 

RANMA:  Who's "boldness"?

>Rumiya second that saying. 

RATCHET(Shampoo):  Who third it?

>"We refuse to fight in this stuiped war of 
yours. Now 
>make a truce or you two can keep on 
fighting, but with out 
>us, we quit!" 

PETER:  You'd think that with all the times 
we've called him stupid, Tank Cop would have 
learned to spell that word by now.

>Then to there amazement and shock both 
Ramia and 
>Tsunami started to laugh? 

PRISS:  You mean YOU don't even know?
AYEKA:  That would not surprise me.

>"HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!" 

PETER:  Oh great!  Just when I thought 
things couldn't get any worse, MANDARK from 
'Dexter's Laboratory' is in this!!
LIME: The World's largest head, on the 
skinniest body.

>"Whats so funny?" Sasami asked. Tsunami 
stops 
>laughing to answer her. 

PRISS(Tsunami):  HA!  You guys actually took 
us seriously!
SCIMITAR(Ramia): It was just a lure to keep 
you all from finding out about our little 
"games"!
OTHERS(glare hatefully at Scimitar): 
.........
SCIMITAR: Bad idea. Sorry. (sweatdrops)

>"We knew that you where coming. 

RATCHET:  They've already done that, several 
times.
LIME(sourly): THANK YOU so much for 
REMINDING US!
RATCHET:  Sorry.  I can't help myself.

>Infact 

AYEKA(Tsunami):  this story has no plot 
whatsoever!

>we have been watching you both for the past 
week! 
>We know everything! You kids sure have a 
lot of stamina!" 
>Ramia also stops laughing. "Rumiya i never 
thought you 
>know so much about forplay!" Ramia said. 

RANMA:  AAAH!!  Ramia's really Shampoo!!
RYOGA(faints): *THUNK!*

>All the kids 
>faces had turned bright red! "You saw 
everything?" Ryo-
>Ohki asked. "Yep, Everything." Ramia said. 
"I feel so 
>embarrassed!" Misao said. "So your going to 
make a 
>truce?" Sasami asked. 

PETER(Tsunami):  No, we're going to make 
quiche, but that's a good guess anyway.

>Of course we will, why have a war 
>when no one will fight for us." Ramia said. 

PETER(checking a list):  Seven.  Priss is 
the winner.
PRISS(jumping up and down):  Yes!  Yes!  I 
won!  I won!
KSA:  Uh, Peter . . .  What was that all 
about?
PETER:  Oh, we were holding a bet to see how 
many paragraphs into the story it would take 
for Tank Cop to kill off the only plot of 
this story.  I thought he could at least go 
for ten.

>-------------------------------------------
------------------------------------
>------------------------------------------ 
>Later that same day Ramia and Tsunami made 
a truce and 
>agreed to share teh power and postion of 
the Queen of the 
>Magical Kingdom. That evening there was a 
great party in 
>the Kingdom, to celebrate the truce between 
Ramia and 
>Tsunami, plus the ending of the war between 
them. 

AYEKA:  It would appear that the Department 
of Redundancy Department is hard at work, 
once again.
FILIA: With Tank Cop around, they're 
actually overworked.

>The 
>same night the kids deiced to celebrate in 
there own ways. 

PRISS:  Get out the Pepto!  Here it comes!

>-------------------------------------------
------------------------------------
>------------------------------------------ 
>Rumiya and Misao were in Rumiya's bedroom. 
Misao was 
>handcuffed to the bed posts. 

PETER:  His bed doesn't HAVE bedposts!
XEL(suspecious): How do you know?
PETER(holding up a manga):  Read the comic.  
(Holding up a videotape.) Watched the anime.  
(Gestures toward Ratchet.)  Pulled Ratchet 
out of that universe to keep her from 
putting mayonaise in Ramia's sock drawer.
XEL(large sweatdrop on the back of his 
head):  Sorry I asked.
KSA: I don't even think he has his own room. 
Doesn't he board with his sister?
RYOGA: ACK! (headbutts the chair in front of 
him) DIE EVIL PERVERTED THOUGHT!

>She was wearing a black 
>leather outfit that made her breasts stick 
out! 

KSA: There's that exclamation mark again.
PRISS:  SHE DOESN'T HAVE BREASTS!!!
XEL(tour guide): And here, you can see Misao 
wearing the "Nahga" selection of Lina's 
Secret.

>She was not 
>wearing any panties or anything else to 
cover her bottom 
>half. She had a red colored ball gag in her 
mouth. The only 
>thing not tied down was her legs. 

XEL(Rumiya): Muahahahahahahhahahahaha!
FILIA(Misao, angrily): 
Mphpmmphphmphmphmmphphmph! BANG!
XEL(Rumiya with a higher voice): 
Owwwwwwwwwwwww......

>Rumiya was getting ready in the bathroom. 
"Ok you 
>naughty girl, here i come." 

RATCHET:  That jerk!  He's starting without 
her!
PETER:  Ratchet, cut it out.  This thing's 
bad enough as it is.

>He walks into the room with a 
>long paddle with six holes in it. 

RANMA(Rumiya):  Were you the one who punched 
these holes in my cricket bat?!
KSA(enraged): SHE HURT A CRICKET BAT!? (goes 
SSJ/J, then speaks as Inferno)
SHE WILL BURRRRRRRRNN!!
OTHERS: O_O;;
SCIMITAR: He kinda has this passion for 
cricket.
AYEKA(Misao, muffled by the ball gag):  Is 
this a good time to be honest in our 
relationship?

>Wearing his every day 
>clothes (whatever people where in the 
Magical Kingdom 
>wear every day). 

PRISS:  Knowing Tank Cop, he thinks they all 
run around naked.
REI: GAAAAHHH!! (eyes go white) Thanks 
Priss. I'm blind now. (thinks about it) I 
can't watch this anymore! YES! (eyes go back 
to normal) DAMN!

>Misao saw the paddle in Rumiya's hand 
>and started to cry. 

PETER(Misao, crying):  I don't wanna be in 
this lemon, anymore!

>"Now, now. I'll have none of that. I saw 
>you masturbating at the party! 

ALL: ..........................
LIME: I have the scariest idea about what he 
does at parties now.
ALL: ACK!

>Infact I think everyone there 
>saw you masturbating at the party! Do you 
know how 
>embarrassing that is for me to have people 
looking at you 
>then looking at me like they think I told 
you to do it? 

RATCHET(Misao, muffled by the ball gag):  
But you did!
PETER(Rumiya):  That's not the point!!

>Did you 
>really think that doing it at a table with 
just your long party 
>dress covering your hands would be enough 
cover? You 
>were a complete embarrassment to me Misao! 
I bet you 
>were thinking of Ryo-Ohki again, weren't 
you?" 

PRISS(Misao):  And Sasami, and my left hand, 
and my right hand, and those male models in 
the magazines, and the movies, and some 
people I've never even met before, and ...
RANMA(Rumiya as Dilbert):  I think I just 
felt a small dip in my relationship 
satisfaction.

>Rumiya's 
>voice gets louder. Misao shacks her head, 
no. "You lying 
>little whore! Now for that I'm going to 
spank you twenty 
>extra times! Now I will give you fifty 
swats with the paddle!" 
>Rumiya said 

RANMA:  So is he giving her seventy swats 
with the paddle, or was he originally only 
going to give her thirty?
AYEKA:  Do not think too hard about it, 
Ranma.  It is not worth the effort.

>with a grin on his face. Misao just bursted 
into 
>tears and sobs, and trying to protest as 
best she could with 
>a ball gag in her mouth. She was scared of 
the pain her 
>poor bottom would soon be in, 

PETER:  You know, I like cuddling, but you 
don't see ME putting that into ninety 
percent of my lemons, do you?
PRISS(staring nervously at Peter):  You LIKE 
cuddling?
RATCHET(glomping onto Peter):  Hugs!! ^_^
PETER:  ACK!  Ratchet! . . .  I can't 
breath! . . . Gack!
KSA(hears something): Uh oh....
LIME(glomps onto Ksa): KSA, DAI SUKE! ^_^
KSA: Neeeed..... aiiiiiirr......!

>yet she was very turned on 
>by the excitement and the sex that would 
fallow after the 
>punishment was over. 

RANMA:  What's a "fallow"?
AYEKA(reading a dictionary):  Fallow; a plot 
of cultivated land, left idle during growing 
season.
REI: "Yet she was very turned on by the 
excitement and the sex that would be left 
idle"?
FILIA: Great. That means no sex at all. ^_^

>-------------------------------------------
------------------------------------
>-------------- 
>After 20 minutes Misao was a sad, crying, 
red bottomed 
>girl. 

RATCHET:  And after Misao got a hold of the 
paddle, Rumiya was a sad, crying, red 
bottomed mess.  (Everyone else snickers.)

>-------------------------------------------
------------------------------------
>---------------- 
>"You were very brave Misao. Now for some 
fun!" Rumiya 
>said with a smile. 

PETER(Misao):  I can't.  I got a "Tank Cop" 
headache.
KSA:  A Tank Cop head- . . . ache?
PETER:  Well, it's what I think HE thinks 
with.

>Rumiya takes off his pants and starts to 
fuck Misao's 
>pussy! He fucks her hard! 

RANMA:  INTENSE NON DETAILED ACTION!!
RYOGA: At least we're not seeing any of 
this! I never thought you'd be THAT 
perverted Ranma!
RANMA: This from the guy who uses his curse 
to sleep in someone else's fiancee's bed!
RYOGA: RANMA, PREPARE TO-
FILIA(idly turning her mace): Go on, you 
two. I dare you.
RANMA & RYOGA(large sweatdrop): Nevermind.
	(A few seconds pass by.)
RYOGA(quietly to Ranma):  Weirdo.
RANMA(quietly to Ryoga):  Hamdinger.

>She whimpers as Rumiya fucks her harder 
then she has 
>ever been fucked before! 

PRISS:  I don't know what's worse; the 
story, the grammar, or the lousy use of 
exclamation marks.
SCIMITAR: Is there a "D) none's worse, 
because they're all equally bad"?

>He shoves his dick in all the way! 
>"Do you like that Misao? Do you want me to 
stop?" Rumiya 
>asks. 

PETER:  All those in favor of wanting him to 
stop, please raise your hands.
	(Both MST groups raise their hands, 
and so does a painting of Ramia in the fan 
fiction.)
ALL: . . . . . . . . . . . . .

>Misao nods her head telling him that she 
wants him to stop. 

PETER:  And there was much rejoicing!
ALL:  YAAAAAAAAY!!!

>Rumiya is stunned! "What? You really want 
me to stop? 
>Why? Did I hurt you Misao?" Rumiya asks. 

PRISS:  She's been hurt by him every single 
time she's been in this series!!
SCIMITAR: Her pride at least.

>Rumiya takes off the ball gag from Misao 
mouth so she can 
>answer him. "No Rumiya I want you to keep 
going, but 
>there is something I need to tell you." 
Misao said. 

AYEKA(Misao as Shampoo):  I being possessed 
by evil spirit of Shampoo!

>Rumiya was getting anches. "Can you tell me 
after i have 
>fully fucked your brains out Misao?" Rumiya 
asked. 

RANMA(Rumiya as Shampoo):  As you see, me 
possessed by Shampoo spirit, too!
KSA: Tank Cop, the only guy I know who would 
use the same actress for all the roles in a 
porn.

>Misao sees no harm in that. "Sure you can 
Rumiya. What i 
>have to say can wait." Misao said. 

RATCHET:  And thus her brain was knocked 
out, and all she could say afterwards was 
"dah!"
PRISS(to Ratchet):  I do the dark parts, 
remember?
RATCHET:  Sorry.

>Then they got back into it. With Misao 
still chained up and 
>Rumiya fucking away at her now wet pussy! 

PETER:  And the MST groups threw up! 
(Snagglepuss impersonation.) With our faces 
over vomit bags, even!

>It takes another five minutes to make 
Rumiya cum. 

AYEKA:  And another three seconds for him to 
fall asleep.
ALL THE GUYS:  Hey!

>Then 
>another three to minutes for Misao to cum. 

RATCHET:  If you expect us to believe Rumiya 
lasted for another three minutes, you're 
crazy!

>Rumiya removes his dick for Misao's soaking 
wet pussy, 

PRISS(Rumiya):  See that Misao's soaking wet 
pussy?  I'm becoming a eunuch just for you!
ALL THE GUYS(crossing their legs):  PRISS!!
FILIA(Rumiya): Well, actually, I'm planning 
to go elope with Ryo-Ohki.
OTHERS(including Xelloss, whose mouth is 
wide open in shock):  FILIA!!

>then unties her. 

RANMA(Rumiya):  Go now Misao, and run free 
with the rest of your kind!
XEL: Take my advice kid. RUN FOR THE HILLS, 
AND NEVER RETURN TO THIS SERIES!

>After the handcuffs are off Misao, Rumiya 
asks Misao what 
>she was going to tell him. "So what the big 
secret Misao?" 
>Rumiya asks

KSA: In Shampoo-talk, that is.

>. 
>"I'm pregnant!" Misao says. 

KSA: I beg your pardon?!

>Rumiya was as white as a ghost. "Are you 
serious?" 
>Rumiya asks witha tremble in his voice. 

REI(Misao): No. APRIL FOOLS!

>"Yes, I'm serious! I'm going to have a 
baby." Misao said 
>witha smile. 

AYEKA:  Oh, that is nice-SHE HAS NOT EVEN 
REACHED PUBERTY YET!!!!

>"How long until..." Rumiya asks unable to 
finish the 
>sentence. 
>"Nine Months." Misao said. 

AYEKA:  AND YOU CAN NOT TELL OF PREGANCY 
UNTIL AT LEAST TWO MONTHS INTO IT!!!!

>"How? I thought you were to young?" Rumiya 
asks still in a 
>trance like state. 

RATCHET(Misao as a hypnotist):  I am not too 
young.
RANMA(Rumiya in a trance like state):  I am 
not too young.
RATCHET(Misao):  Close enough.

>"Ramia told me its a side effect of mixing 
magic with sex! 

ALL:  What magic?

>Are you ok with this Rumiya? Because I 
really want to have 
>this child. I hope you do too?" Misao said. 

PETER(football referee):  Misplacement of 
question mark, ten yard penalty!
KSA(ditto): Just existing, twenty yard 
penalty!

>Rumiya was feeling a bit hurt by what Misao 
just said. "I will 
>admit that I'm very surprised, but if you 
think I don't want 
>this child, then you really don't know me 
every well Misao. 

PETER:  If Tank Cop uses the "sexual 
education" incest bit, I'm going to find a 
way to strangle him through E-mail!
PRISS:  How many times must we tell you?  
"Don't give the author ideas, Peter!!!"
PETER:  Oops!  Sorry.

>Of course I want this child. I'm very 
happy, I'm going to be a 
>father! SO is it going to be a boy or girl, 
and do you have a 
>name for the child yet?" Rumiya asked. 
>Misao nodded her head. "Yes, its going to 
be a boy, 

RATCHET(Misao):  I can predict the future, 
that's how I know.

>and I'm going to call him, Reiko." Misao 
said. 

RANMA:  Uh, correct me if I'm wrong, but 
Reiko is a girl's name, isn't it?
REI: Hey, Tank Cop's a sexually confused 
individual. I would never have guessed!
FILIA(to Rei):  Sarcastic?
REI:  Yes.

>"Reiko...I like it. Oh I love you Misao.

PETER(Rumiya):  I almost forgot to say that.

>" Rumiya and Misao 
>both embrace each other with a kiss and a 
hug. 
>-------------------------------------------
------------------------------------
>----------------- 

PETER:  STOP USING THE SAME PAGE BREAKS AS 
KSA DOES!!!
KSA: YEAH! People are actually starting to 
buy the crap that I started this horrible 
lemon series!

>Mean while, in Ryo-Ohki's room. Ryo-Ohki 
and Sasami are 
>having some of there own fun. 

AYEKA(Sasami):  Got any twos?
PRISS(Ryo-Ohki):  Go fish.

>-------------------------------------------
------------------------------------
>----------------- 
>Ryo-Ohki was sitting on the side of the bed 
while Sasami 
>was giving him a blow job! 

	(The MST groups dry heave.)

>She was doing a very good job 
>at it too! Both of them were naked! 

ALL(sarcastically shocked):  YOU'RE 
KIDDING!?!?

>Ryo-Ohki was munching on some carrots in 
his room while 
>talking about the party to Sasami. 

AYEKA:  And the lows just keep getting 
lower, and lower . . .

>"Well I must say it was a 
>fun party. Hey Sasami did you see Misao 
masturbating at 
>her table? 

AYEKA:  and lower, and lower, and lower.
KSA(Scientist from "The Mole Men): Down, 
down, down.

>I mean she was really going at it! It was 
enough 
>to get me all hot!" 
>Sasami counted to suck on Ryo-Ohki's mighty 
oak! 

RANMA(Count Von Count):  One!  That's one 
sucking mighty oak! 
Ah-ha-ha-ha-haaaaaa . . .
PETER(ditto):  And that's five!  Five really 
sucky chapters to this series! 
Ah-ha-ha-ha-haaaaaa . . .
KSA(ditto): And that's 20,000! 20,000 ways 
I'm going to kill Tank Cop.
Ah-ha-ha-ha-haaaaaa . . .
PETER(whispering):  Ksa, the characters on 
'Sesame Street' can't count that high.
KSA(whispering):  I don't care.

>Making 
>sure not to stop until he cums full force 
in her mouth! 
>Ryo-Ohki was just about to climax when he 
got an idea. 

RATCHET(toaster):  *DING!*
PETER(Ryo-Ohki):  Woah!  That hurt.

>He 
>took out the biggest carrot in sight and 
began to lick it? 
>Making it nice and wet. 

PRISS:  EEW!  He's writing yaoi again!
ALL(throwing up into their vomit bags):  
*HUUUUUUUUUUUUUGH!!!!*

>Sasami stopped sucking on Ryo-Ohki, and 
looked up at 
>him quires as to what he doing. 

RANMA:  What the heck is a "quire's"?
SCIMITAR(Sasami 'quiring'): Ryo-Ohki, do you 
know where my commas went?
KSA: Oh no, we're not starting that joke 
again!

>"What are doing Ryo-Ohk? 

RYOGA: Shampoo strikes again!
FILIA: Ryo-Ohk, evil twin of Ryo-Ohki, plots 
the death of Sasami!
Ah-ha-ha-ha-haaaaaa !!!!
XEL(sweatdrop): Filia, you lost it.
LIME(pointing at Filia):  Xel-Chan, who is 
she?
XEL:  Ah, she's-
FILIA(jumping to conclusions):  XEL-CHAN!?!?  
XELLOSS YOU TWO TIMING BASTARD!!!  
(Transforms into a dragon, and uses a 
dragon-sized mace on him, before turning 
back to normal.)  *WHAM!!!*  Jerk!
XEL(2D): . . . just . . . a . . . friend . . 
.
LIME:  Ksa!  Why did she hit Xel-Chan?
KSA:  I'll explain after the fan fic is 
over, Lime-Chan.
LIME(cheerfully):  Okay Ksa!!
RANMA(strained):  Not one word, Ryoga.  Not 
one word.
RYOGA(trying hard not to laugh):  Wouldn't 
think of it.

>Waht are you going to do with that carrot?" 
Sasami asks. 

AYEKA:  Inquiring magical girl parodies want 
to know.
REI: Particulary what a "waht" is.

>Ryo-Ohki got a big grin on his face. 

KSA & PETER(old geezer):  EVIL!

>"I'm going to shove it 
>up your pussy and make you cum with it!" 

KSA: ACK! MikeForever is co-writing this!

>Sasami was not 
>to happy with that idea. 

ALL:  NEITHER ARE WE!!!

>"No Ryo-Ohki, I won't let you put 
>that in my pussy. It might hurt and it 
could do damage to 
>my pussy, and its to big and long!" Sasami 
said. 

RATCHET(Sasami):  It's larger than anything 
I've had in me before!  (Everyone else but 
Lime snickers.)
LIME: Ksa, what does she mean?
KSA(turns a bit red): I'll tell you when 
you're older.

>Ryo-Ohki 
>was not to happy with Sasami words. "You 
will let me fuck 
>you with this carrot Sasami or I won't let 
you suck me 
>anymore and I won't fuck you for a week! 

ALL(cheering):  YAAAAAY!!!!

>Now all I want to 
>do is fuck you with this carrot while you 
suck on me. That's 
>all." Ryo-Ohki said in a calm voice. 

SCIMITAR(to Ryo-Ohki): Kid, that's too much 
to ask for.
RYOGA: Haven't we suffered enough?

>Sasami was upset. She didn't want to lose 
having sex with 
>Ryo-Ohki for a week. She saw how the other 
young girls at 
>the party looked at him. 

PRISS(young girl):  EEW!  What's that 
hideous thing draped over Sasami!?
AYEKA(young girl):  Her boyfriend.

>She was afraid that one of them 
>would be in bed with her Ryo-Ohki. She 
wouldn't let that 
>happen. 

PETER:  She was having enough problems 
sharing time with Misao.
OTHERS:  PETER!!
PETER:  Sorry.
XEL: And her brother, mother, and Tsunami.
OTHERS: XELLOSS!!!!
XEL: Still the best! ^_^

>"All right Ryo-Ohki. I will do it your way. 
Just be 
>careful. Also there's sopmething very 
important I have to 
>tell you." Sasami said. "Later Sasami. Talk 
later, sex now." 

AYEKA:  Have I mentioned yet that that the 
lows just seem to be getting lower, and 
lower?
KSA(sweatdrop): Does "constantly" answer it 
enough?
PRISS:  If a guy ever got away with doing 
that to me, I'd toss him off of a building.
RANMA(to Priss):  Why would you do that?
PRISS:  Because if he can get away with 
doing that, he might as well be able to fly, 
too!

>Ryo-Ohki said. "All right Ryo-Ohki, I'll 
tell you later." Sasami 
>said. 
>Sasami got down on all fours and let Ryo-
Ohki slowly 
>shove the carrot into her tight pussy! He 
gets the carrot in 
>half way when Sasami thinks its enough. 

RANMA:  And we agree!
SCIMITAR: It was enough when she let him 
have his fun as a cabbit!

>"Ok Ryo-Ohki 
>thats far enough, now take it out." Sasami 
said. But Ryo-
>Ohki counties to shove it in deeper! 

LIME(hick daughter): What're "counties", Pa?
KSA(hick father): That's where rich people 
live, pumpkin.
SCIMITAR: Obscure points for the newlyweds.
(Ksawarrior and Lime both turn red)
RATCHET(Jeff Foxworthy):  You may be a 
redneck if your honeymoon includes animals 
and vegetables!
PETER(ditto):  You may be Tank Cop if you 
think that's a way of life!
EVERYONE ELSE(turning green):  *URP!*
	(Peter and Ratchet give each other 
high-fives.)

>"Ryo-Ohki I said that's 
>enough!" Sasami starts to get mad. Ryo-Ohki 
didn't like 
>Sasami's tone of voice. "Sasami this is my 
most thought 
>about fantasy. So please don't tell me to 
stop again!" Ryo-
>Ohki said as he moves the carrot in more. 

RATCHET(Sasami as Dark Helmet):  BULL 
SH*********T!!!  STOP IT NOW!!!

>Sasami just explodes! 

REI: After five chapters of this fic, who 
wouldn't?
KSA: The Mojo Jojo wannabe who sent this to 
us, apparently.
DR. W'S VOICE: I heard that!
KSA(Crow T. Robot): Bite me!
PETER(Ryo-Ohki):  EEW!  I got Sasami all 
over the walls!

>"BUT IT HURTS SO MUCH! MY PUSSY CAN'T 
>STRETCH ANYFURTHER! IT WILL START TO BLEED 
>AND YOUR SHOVING IT IN SLOW ONLY MAKES IT 
>WORSE!" Sasami yells. "Ok Sasami. 

(Everyone but Xelloss starts cheering)
XEL: It'd be funny if he decided that 
shoving it in fast would be better.

>If going in slow 
>makes it worse then I will make it 
easierand shove it in fast 
>and all at once!" Ryo-Ohki said. 

	(The MST groups go pale, as they hear 
that.)
XEL: How the-? *WHOMP!*
FILIA(putting her mace back under her 
skirt): You had to ask for it, didn't you?
PRISS:  Didn't we just go through this, with 
me and the last fic?

>Sasami went pale as she 
>heard that. "NOOOO! RYO-OHKI PLEASE DON'T 
DO IT!" 
>Sasami begged. 

ALL:  WE AGREE!!!

>She was a little to late! 

PETER:  Really?  I thought she was the 
"Magical Girl Pretty Sammy". (The other 
group members stare at him, nervously.)  
What?

>Ryo-Ohki took his hand and hit the back of 
the carrot with 
>all he's got. Ramming the carrot deep into 
Sasami's pussy! 
>Sasami screamed out in pain. 
>"AAAAAARRRRRRHHHHHH!" 

RANMA(Stan):  OH MY GOD!  HE KILLED SASAMI!!
PRISS:  It was a mercy killing.

>After a minute or two, Ryo-
>Ohki rubs Sasami's head. "Its ok now 
Sasami, its all the 
>way in. It must have hurt a lot, but I just 
want to thank you 
>for helping me fulfill one of my fantasies. 

PETER(Ryo-Ohki):  Sasami?  Sasami!?  Quick!  
Call 911!  Call 911!!  Call 911!!!
AYEKA(singing):  Nine, one, ooooone!
PRISS(ditto):  Nine, one, oooone!!
RANMA(ditto):  Nine, one, ooone!!!
RATCHET(ditto):  Nine, one, one!!!!
KSA'S CREW(flatly):  Nine, one, one.

>I have somthing to 
>tell you about the carrot?" 

RANMA:  Well do you!?!
LIME: Is it me, or is the spelling getting 
worse?
RYOGA & SCIMITAR(deadpan):  It's not just 
you.

>Ryo-Ohki said with a grin. Sasmi 
>still tried and shacking from the pain 
looks at Ryo-Ohki. 

SCIMITAR(singing): Love shack! Baby, Love 
shack! (gets pounced by Priss)
PRISS: NEVER *BAM* EVER *BAM* SING THAT 
AGAIN!
KSA(thinking outloud): Hmm, a Scimitar/Priss 
bondage lemon.

(Scimitar and Priss beat the living 
daylights out of Ksawarrior.  Please note 
that due to the scevere acts of violence 
enacted upon Ksawarrior, we are unable to 
even give sound effects.)

KSA(badly beaten): Note to self: Never open 
mouth for lemon ideas.
PETER(writing down what Ksawarrior is 
saying): . . . for . . . lemon . . . ideas.  
There!  (Puts notepad back in pocket.)

>"What about the carrot, Ryo-Ohki?" Sasami 
asks. "Its not a 
>real carrot!?!" Ryo-Ohki said with a 
giggle. 

LIME:  If Ryo-Ohki said it, then why is he 
asking a question?

>Sasami si confused? 

RATCHET(Spanish accent):  Si, Sasami very 
confused.

>"Then what is it?" Sasami demanded to know? 

SCIMITAR: Well, did she?
PETER(Ryo-Ohki as a salesman):  It's an ACME 
foam rubber, imitation carrot!  Nine out of 
ten magical girls stuck in lemons, can't 
tell the difference!

>"Its really a carrot shaped dildo and a 
viberating one too!" 
>Ryo-Ohki said with a smile. 

RANMA:  I thought he said-
AYEKA(stopping Ranma): Please do not repeat 
that line.
RYOGA(putting down his umbrella): Aww.
REI(Ryo-Ohki):  Oh wait.  This IS a real 
carrot, so I must've eaten the . . . Oh 
dear.
	(Everyone else laughs, and Scimitar 
shakes, pretending that there is something 
vibrating in his stomach.)

>Sasami was very pissed. "Why 
>didn't you tell me it was a dildo in the 
first pleace?" Sasami 
>asked. 

RATCHET:  Would it have really made a 
difference?

>Ryo-Ohki start to laugh. "What, and miss 
the look 
>on your face? No way. Now i am going to 
turn the dildo on 
>while you cna finish sucking on my dick!" 
Ryo-Ohki said as 
>he turns on the dildo to its highest level. 

KSA: One-handed typing again.
PETER(Sasami):  Wait, I-*KA-BOOM!*
PRISS(Ryo-Ohki):  Oops!
SCIMITAR(ditto):  Paper towels!  I need LOTS 
of paper towels!

>Sasami felt like Ryo-Ohki's dick was 
vibrating inside her 
>pussy! The dildo was incredable! Sh could 
barley 

AYEKA:  "Barley"?  I believe that is what 
they use to make certain types of alcoholic 
beverages.
FILIA: That explains ALOT!

>concentrate on sucking Ryo-Ohki's dick, but 
she kept 
>licking as best she could. It took Sasami 
just two more 
>miuntes of sucking to make Ryo-Ohki cum in 
her mouth! 
>Then she just fell to the floor and curled 
up into a ball just 
>like a little kitten. 

RANMA(fearfully):  DON'T SAY THAT!!!

>She moved her hands to where the dildo 
>was and held it tighly in pleace until she 
could cum! "Oh 
>Ryo-Ohki this is so amazing! I never knew 
that a dildo 
>could make me feel this good!" Sasami 
moans. "Well, if you 
>like the dildo so much Sasami you can keep 
it." Ryo-Ohki 
>said. "Really, I can? Thanks Ryo-Ohki." 
Sasami said. 

PRISS:  So she went from fully hysterical, 
to completely deadpan in two seconds?

>"But 
>remember Sasami you have to ask me if you 
can use it. I 
>don't want you to use it twenty-four hours 
a day and not 
>have time for me. This is only to be used 
when I am away 
>or if we have sex and Isay you can use it." 
Ryo-Ohki said. 

PETER(Ryo-Ohki):  Have I emphasized my point 
enough yet?
KSA(Sasami): Were you saying something?
PETER(Ryo-Ohki): D'OH!

>"You have a deal." Sasami said. Just then 
Sasami cums! 
>"OH YES!" Then Ryo-Ohki turns the dildo off 
and takes it 
>out of Sasami's pussy. He then carries her 
to the bed and 
>lies her down to rest. 
>"Now Sasami you told me there was something 
important 
>you wanted to tell me?" Ryo-Ohki asks. 
>Sasasmi was nervous. "Yes Ryo-Ohki. I don't 
know how to 
>tell you this so I will just come strait 
out and say it. 

RATCHET(Sasami):  I'm a lesbian.
RANMA(ditto):  I am on a Plate of Sashimi.
AYEKA(ditto):  I really think we are too 
young to be doing this any longer.
PRISS(ditto):  I don't really feel any  LOVE 
in our relationship.
PETER(Sasami as Dark Helmet): I am your 
father's, brother's, cousin's, best friend's 
former room mate.
FILIA(Sasami): I'm actually a hermaphodite.
OTHERS: GYAAHH!
XEL(Ryo-Ohki): I thought something felt a 
bit odd.

>I'm 
>pregnant. I'm going to have a baby, our 
baby!" Sasami 
>said. 

PRISS(sarcastic):  Wow, what a surprise.
REI: Seriously, who wasn't expecting this?
(No one raises their hands)
REI: Thought so.
LIME:  Yay!  She's gonna have a baby!  I 
like babies!  (Thinks about it.)  Wait a 
minute . . . Is that a good thing in this 
story?
RATCHET:  Nope.  I doubt it's a good thing 
in ANY of Tank Cop's stories.
LIME(about to cry):  Oh no!  (Rushes into 
Ksawarrior's arms.)  WHAAA!!  Hold me, Ksa!
KSA(glaring at Ratchet, while comforting 
Lime):  There, there.  It'll be all right, 
Lime.
RATCHET(mouthing):  What did I say?

>Ryo-Ohki was stunned. "Sasami are you sure 
its my child? 
>Its not Rumiya's is it?" Ryo-Ohki asked. 
>"No its definitely yours, Tsunami told me. 

AYEKA(Sasami):  She is wise, and all 
knowing.

>Its going to be a 
>girl and I'm going to call her Naori." 
Sasami said with a 
>smile. 

PETER:  Let's see; Misao's going to have a 
boy, and Sasami's going to have a girl.  
Gee, who's surprised!?  (No one raises their 
hands.) I thought so.

>Ryo-Ohki was overjoyed. "You mean I'm going 
to be a 
>father?" Ryo-Ohki asks. 
>Sasami samiled. 

LIME: She what?
RATCHET(childish voice): Mommy, Tank Cop's 
re-writing the English Language again!

>"Yes Ryo-Ohki, in nine months you will be 
>a father. Your not surpised, why?" Sasami 
asks. 

RANMA(Ryo-Ohki):  At the amount of crap in 
this series so far, I'm incapable of shock.

>"Most magical girls have always given birth 
at a young age. 

ALL:  Huh?  What?  Huh?
AYEKA:  Say that again.

>I just never thought you would till you 
were older. But its not 
>uncommon. Infact my mother was just twelve 
years old 
>when I was born. 

PETER:  Yeah, but she wasn't human.
SCIMITAR: It's official. Tank Cop has 
issues.

>Most people in this Kingdom know about 
>early child birth, except Rumiya. He just 
never understood." 

PRISS(Ryo-Ohki):  That's because he's 
stupid.

>Ryo-Ohki said, then he gives Sasami a good 
night kiss on 
>her lips. Then gets into bed, turns off the 
lights and goes to 
>sleep with his lover and mother of his 
future daughter in his 
>arms. "Good night my love. In the morning 
we will tell the 
>entier Kingdo of this great news." Ryo-Ohki 
said. "I guess 
>there will be another party, 

RATCHET:  We can only hope it doesn't end up 
like THIS party.

>well until then, good night Ryo-
>Ohki." They both drift off to sleep. 

RYOGA: I can't take this anymore! I- I have 
to end it all!
(Ryoga runs out of the theater.)
KSA'S CREW: Uh oh.
AYEKA: Honestly, what is the worst that he 
can do?
SCIMITAR(completely serious): Jump out the 
airlock in a suicidal rage.
PRISS(laughing): As if he could find it!
SCIMITAR: Priss, I've lived with Ryoga this 
long. Trust me, when he's drunk, or 
suicidal, his sense of direction is perfect.
PETER'S CREW: Uh oh.
RANMA:  Quick!  We got to get to the south 
bound exit, now!
KSA:  Why the south?
RANMA:  When Ryoga runs off all desperate 
like that, he always runs south!  Don't ask 
me why, just go!

(They all exit the theater.)

 
Peter and Ksawarrior assemble the others on 
the bridge of the Turtlecraft. 
"Okay, Ryoga, as stated, when either drunk, 
or suicidal, as he is now, has amazing 
directional ability, and heads in a southern 
direction." Ksa said, laying out maps of the 
Turtlecraft and the AnimePort. 
"Okay, we'll split into teams of four." 
Peter tapped Ksawarrior's shoulder. 
"Ksa?" 
"Yes, Peter?" 
"He's over there."  Said Peter, pointing 
behind Ksawarrior 
Ksawarrior face faulted as he realised that 
Ryoga was right there, at the airlock. 
"Don't try to stop me!" Ryoga yelled. 
"Ryoga, buddy, pal," Ranma said. "If you 
jump out, Wheelo wins!" 
"I DON'T CARE ANYMORE!" Ryoga screamed, 
reaching for the door. 
"Plan B?" Peter asked. 
"Yep." Ksawarrior replied. 
*KLONG! BANG! EXTREME HURT!* 
Ryoga dropped to the floor, having been hit 
with Ksawarrior's Nyoibo staff, Filia's 
mace, and a large P-Chan statue that Peter 
was carrying in his jacket. 
Ratchet walked over to Ryoga's fallen form, 
and began counting.
"One, two, ten!  The winners, by total 
knockout!" Ratchet pointed to Ksawarrior, 
Filia, and Peter, who were being flanked by 
Lime, opposite of Ratchet.
"Ksa, Peter, and some blond hared lady!" 
said Lime, cheerfully.
"Yaaay." Cheered Ayeka, Priss, Ranma, Rei, 
Scimitar, and Xelloss, in a rather bored 
tone.
" 'Blonde haired lady'? I'm Filia Ul Copt, 
Priestess of the Fire Dragon King's Temple!" 
Filia declared.
"Hi, I'm Lime. Nice to meet ya!" Lime said 
cheerfully.
"Guys, we've re-wired Wheelo's broadcast." 
B-ko said. 
"YES!" 
"It's another T.C. Digimon fic." Wasabi 
added. 
"We hate you." The teams deadpanned. 

Suddenly, the signal to start was heard from 
the Anime Port.
*I love you. You love me. We're a happy 
fami-* 
*BANG! BANG! BANG!* 
*Shut the F**K up!* 

"Oh, and you guys still have to finish the 
rest of Sammy's Little Secret, after this is 
over." Said B-ko.
"AW, DAMN!!" Exclaimed the MST groups.  They 
all then ran back to the theater. 

(The MST groups reenter the theater, and 
take their usual seats.  Ryoga chooses that 
moment to wake up.)

RYOGA(rubbing one of the many bumps on his 
head):  You didn't have to hit me so hard.
SCIMITAR(to Ryoga):  Like you'd feel it 
otherwise.

>This lemon was requested by doyte7.  
 
RANMA(Ryoga): Damn you doyte7!!! Because of 
you, we've seen Hell!!! 
RYOGA: No Ranma, I'd do it like this. 
(Hispanic accent) doyte7, you killed our 
spirits. Prepare to die.
OTHERS: . . . . . . .
PETER(to Ryoga):  Okay, I'll bite.  Spain, 
or south of the border?
RYOGA:  Both, actually. 
 
>Warning: his lemon involves the sex and 
rape of a minor.  
 
PRISS(sarcastically): It wouldn't be a Tank 
Cop lemon, if it didn't. 
KSA: Technically, he hasn't done that much 
rape as just sex.
AYEKA:  That is STILL not a good thing. 
 
>If you don't want to read that kind of 
stuff then go no 
>further.  
 
ALL(monotone): If only we could. 
 
>You have been warned.  
 
RATCHET: Abet a very small, and useless 
warning, but a warning none the less. 
 
>By Tank Cop  
 
PETER: May you, Kermit, and Miss Piggy 
become embroiled in a deadly love triangle! 
KSA: Ewww! 
 
>Matt's Revenge  
 
AYEKA: I can only hope it is upon Tank Cop. 
REI: If it involves Kari and tentacles, I'm 
going to worry. 
LIME & FILIA: Huh? 
SCIMITAR(groans): Long story. 
 
>-------------------------------------------
---------------------------------- 
>-------- 
 
 
RANMA: I think T.C. secretly wishes he was 
Ksa. 
KSA(proud): YOU BETTER BELIEVE IT! (Vegita)  
AHA-HA-HA-HA-HA-HA-HA-HA-HA-HA-HA!! 
 
>The digidestions where walking threw the 
wood and as they 
>walked  
 
AYEKA: they noticed the bad grammar, and 
realized that meant only one thing.. 
RATCHET(Mimi): Oh no! We're in a Tank Cop 
lemon!!! 
ALL(Digidestined {THAT'S how it's 
spelled!}):  
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!! 
 
>Tai  
>noticed that Sora was always trying to keep 
a big distance 
>from Matt?  
 
RANMA: Well is she!?! 
 
>Every  
>time Matt got close to her she moved faster 
to get away 
>from him.  
 
FILIA(Sora): Ewwww, a boy! 
 
>So Tai  
>decided to talk to Sora. "hey Sora, whats 
up with you and 
>Matt? Why are you trying to aviod him?" 
Sora just turned 
>her face away for Tai.  
 
PRISS(Sora): Matt stole all the grammar from 
our sentences, and won't give it back! 
PETER(Matt): If I'm going to be in this fic, 
I'm going to need all the grammar I can get! 
 
>"Its nothing Tia 
 
RANMA: "Tia"?! Oh no! She thinks Tai is a 
girl, now!! 
KSA(shudders): I just got a horribly wrong 
idea. 
RYOGA: Like what? 
KSA: A Digimon/Ranma x-over. 
RANMA & RYOGA: 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!! 
PETER:  What if it's made by me, instead of 
Tank Cop?  (Ranma and Ryoga glare at him.)  
Sorry.  Dumb idea.
 
>....its nothing." Sora said in a low voice. 
So Tai deciedes to 
>let it go.  But Sora and Matt know why they 
Sora was keep 
>her distance.  
 
RATCHET: Is it because the story is being 
narrated by Shampoo? 
 
>The reason  
>is because one week ago Matt raped Sora!  
 
PETER(Tank Cop): And that's the story. Thank 
you, and goodnight!! 
OTHERS: We wish. -_-;; 
 
>-------------------------------------------
---------------------------------- 
>-------- 
 
 
PETER: Damnit! It's still going!!! 
AYEKA: Has anyone else noticed that Tank 
Cop's page breaks resemble the perforations 
of toilet paper, more than Ksawarrior's page 
breaks? 
KSA: I'm going to overlook that remark, 
Ayeka. 
 
>I happend one week ago (scene flash backs 
to a week ago)  

PRISS(sarcastically): Thank you, last minute 
technical correction! 
KSA(to Tank Cop): No, you happened waaaaaay 
before that!  
 
>when the kids were having a nice time out.  

FILIA:  Because they did something bad. 
PETER: Normally this is where I'd point out 
that this wouldn't be in the Dark Master's 
miniseries, but knowing Tank Cop, it 
wouldn't make any difference. 
SCIMITAR: When have those kids actually had 
a nice time out? They've been chased by 
Devimon, Etemon, Myotismon, the Dark 
Masters..... 
 
>No one knew, not even TK knew that today 
was Matt's birthday.  
 
RANMA: Hey, Peter. 
PETER: Yo. 
RANMA: Doesn't time in the digital world 
pass by a lot quicker, than in the 
real world? 
PETER: Yes. 
RANMA: And none of the kids brought a 
calendar with them, right? 
PETER: Right. 
RANMA: So wouldn't that mean that the 
Digidestined have no way of knowing what day 
it really is, let alone when their birthdays 
are? 
PETER: Yup. That's about it, right there. 
RANMA: Oh. Just checking. 
 
>Matt was mad that no one remembered or 
cared.  
 
RATCHET(to Matt, in the fic): Well, maybe if 
you TOLD them when your birthday was, that 
wouldn't have happened! 
LIME: Well, don't get mad, get even! 
(Everyone glares at Lime) 
KSA: Hey, she's only a kid! Give her a 
break. ^_^;; 
 
>-------------------------------------------
---------------------------------- 
>-------- 
 
 
AYEKA: Fly specks. They have been aiming. 
 
>That night night after everyone was asleep 
Sora went to the lake >to have a night time 
swim.  
 
PRISS: Don't you mean a "night night" time 
swim? 
 
>Unknown to Sora was that Matt was not 
asleep and  
>watched Sora leave camp and headed to the 
lake after her.  
>Matt followed behind Sora very quietly.  
 
PETER(Elmer Fudd): Be wewy wewy quiet. He's 
hunting Sowa. Wuh-huh-huh-huh! 
 
>But before Sora got to the lake she  
>could hear someone behind her. "Who's 
there? Why are you >following me?"  Sora 
said in a scared voice. Mat stopped and hid 
>behind a tree.  
 
PRISS(Cherrymon): Hey kid, watch it with 
those hands! 
 
>At first he didn't know what to do.  
 
RANMA: Then why was he following her? 
 
>Then he remembered how everyone forgot it 
was  
>his birthday today and how mad he was 
because of it. SO he >decied that he 
deserves a birthbay present  
 
RATCHET(to Peter): I thought people normally 
gave birthDAY presents, during birthdays. 
PETER: Normally they do. I don't know about 
Tank Cop, though. 
 
>and Matt wanted Sora!  
 
PETER: Well just wait another couple of 
months, for the action figure to come out! 
RATCHET: I like my Andromon plush toy, 
better. (Hugs it to herself.) It's so cute! 
(Everyone else stares nervously at her.) 
What? 
PRISS(quietly to Peter): Where did you get 
that thing, anyway? 
PETER(quietly back to Priss): I found it in 
my jacket somewhere, and thought it would 
make a nice gift for her. 
RATCHET(quietly to both of them): Why are 
you two whispering? 
PETER(quietly to Ratchet): I don't know. 
LIME: Oooooh, Ksa, can I have one? 
KSA: Sure. (whips out a Pikachu plush toy) 
Here! 
LIME: KSA! DAI SUKE! (hugs him) 
KSA(blushing): 'S alright. 
 
>So Matt creeps behind Sora and grabs her. 
"Don't move or scream >Sora or I will hurt 
you!" Matt told her. Sora was froze with 
fear.  
 
ALL: Huh? 
 
>"Matt what are you  
>doing? Let me go." Sora struggled and 
kicked, then Matt throw >her to the ground.  
 
RANMA: Shampoo's narrating again. 
 
>Mat looked at Sora with a evil grin.  
 
KSA & PETER(old geezer): EVIL! 
AYEKA: "AN evil grin"!! Not "A evil grin"!! 
 
>"Your not going anywhere Sora.  
 
PRISS(Sora): Well help me catch it, and 
bring it back here! 
 
>I have had it with all of you ignoring me 
and laughing at me >behind my back. You all 
think I'm the bad guy here do you?  
 
PETER: Uh, excuse me! I'm an avid fan of the 
show- 
PRISS(under her breath): More like 'rabid' 
fan. 
PETER(continuing): but I don't recall Matt 
at ANY time during the series, having a 
persecution complex. 
KSA: Hmmmm.... I think T.C. heard about the 
little Matt vs. Tai episode, and took it 
that Matt was evil at the time. 
 
>Well then I will do what a  
>bad guy does then Sora. I'm going to rape 
you!" Matt said.  
>Sora was shcoked to say the least.  
 
PETER & WASABI(the latter in the control 
booth): PI-KA-CHUUUUUUUU!!! 
 
>She then got up and tried to run back to  
>camp, but Matt grabbed her by the hair  
 
FILIA: What hair? All she's got is something 
that fits under that bucket of a hat! 
XEL: Well, that's a secret! ^_^ 
 
>and forced back to the ground on  
>her back. "Matt please don't do this. 
Please don't rape me. If you >care at all 
about me you won't do this." Sora begged.  
 
RANMA: Shouldn't she be screaming, instead? 
You know, trying to get the attention of 
everyone else, and all. 
 
>But Matt didn't care. "It was my  
>birthday today but did any of you guys 
care? No. Did anyone get >me a gift?  No. So 
now I will have my birthday gift, it will be 
me >fucking you whether you like it or not 
and if you try to runaway >or scream I will 
cut you! 
 
PRISS(Matt): And I'll remove the spaces in 
between words, too! 
SCIMITAR(singing): My little runaway! My 
run-run-run-run-runaway! 
 
>" Then  
>Matt pulls out a hunting knife he had 
brought with him to camp.  
 
AYEKA: He brought a HARMONICA to camp with 
him! A hunting knife was not one of the 
things the kids brought with them! 
REI: What kind of security do they have at 
this camp?! 
 
>He had it  
>under Sora's neck! Sora closed her eyes and 
cried, her whole >body was shacking with 
fear.  
 
SCIMITAR: Love Shack, baby! Love Sha- 
PRISS(being held back by Peter and Ranma): 
Let me at him! Let me at him!!  I'll ring 
his scrawny little neck for that!!! 
AYEKA(trying to calm Priss down): Look at 
the bright side! At least he did not sing 
anything from the Spice Girls! 
 
>"Now I don't wan tto cut you Sora so you 
will make this  
>good for me or I will cut you. Now don't 
move." Matt said.  
 
RANMA(narrator): We've secretly replaced 
Matt with Mojo Jojo. Let's see if Sora 
notices. 
FILIA(Sora): Hey, Matt, why is your brain 
under a jar? 
LIME: AAAAAAAAAHHH! (grabs Ksawarrior) 
KSA: ACK! 
 
>Then Matt took his knife and started to cut 
off Sora's shirt. Sora >was trying her best 
not to move or she knew she would get cut. 
>Final after ten minutes Matt cut off Sora's 
shirt and pants.  
 
PRISS: It took him TEN minutes!? 
 
>Then he took hold of sora's bra and  
>ripped it off her body. "OOOOOWWWWWW!" Sora 
screamed >as her bra was torn from her. "I 
TOLD YOU TO SHUT UP >SORA!" Matt yelled  
 
PETER(Tai): Hey, what's going on over 
there!? 
KSA(Matt): Uh, nothing!! 
PETER(Tai): Really!? It sounds like you're 
trying to rape Sora, or 
something! 
KSA(Matt): I said it was nothing!! 
 
>as he  
>slapped Sora in the face. Sora cried 
harder. Matt then puts the >knife and placed 
it on top of Sora's right breast.  
 
SCIMITAR, XEL & FILIA: What's wrong with the 
left? (they all stare nervously at each 
other) 
 
>"One more scream like that and I 
>will cut you right here. Understand?" Matt 
asked. Sora was >horrified 
 
AYEKA: at the horrible lemon she got stuck 
in. 
 
>. She  
>nodded her head. "Good." Matt said then he 
ripped off Sora's >panties. Sora was now 
only dressed in her hat, shoes, and socks.  
 
RANMA: Hold it! If she's wearing her hat, 
how'd Matt grab her by her hair? 
REI: Better question. Why didn't she hit him 
with the damn hat, since it's hard enough to 
bang with a stick? 
AYEKA(to Rei):  Disgruntled?
REI:  A bit. 
 
>The cold air made her breasts hard  
 
RATCHET: It must be REALLY cold out there, 
to do THAT. 
 
>and she wass shacking from the cold.  
 
PRISS(holding her assault rifle): Anyone 
want to even TRY to mention "Love Shack"? 
SCIMITAR: Um, not really? ^_^;; 
 
>Then Matt unzipped  
>his pants and pulled then and his 
underpants down.  
 
AYEKA(looking a little green): I can not 
tell what is making me more nauseous; the 
plot, or the run-on sentences. 
 
>His massive cock was in full attention.  
 
RATCHET(narrator): Sora took one look at it, 
and started laughing 
uncontrollably. 
XEL(Ryoko as Sora): It's so small! 
RATCHET(to Xelloss):  Actually, that goes 
"THAT'S THE SMALLEST ONE I'VE EVER SEEN!"
XEL:  Ah, I see.
 
>Matt was still holding onto his knife with 
his right hand.  
>"Now Sora its time to make me happy!" With 
that Matt rammed >his cock into Sora's 
pussy! "AAAAAAAAAA!" Sora screamed >as Matt 
shoved into her very hard. Matt didn't even 
care that he >had ripped Sora's hymen apart. 
So Matt was not aware of the >blood that was 
leaking from Sora's pussy.  
 
(The MST groups can not comment on this, as 
they are all throwing up.) 
ALL: 
*BLEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGH!!!!!! 
(See?) 
 
>Matt was pumping into Sora hard. "God this 
is great. I never >knew you could be so 
fucking wet Sora." Matt then using his left 
>hand grabs Sora's hair and forces her to 
kiss him open mouth. >"You taste so sweet 
Sora." Then Matt slaps Sora in the face 
>again.  
 
PETER(wiping vomit off of his face, with a 
towel): Matt really has to do something 
about his mood swings. 
 
>Sora just cried out of fear and  
>embarrassment. She Just wanted to die.  
 
ALL: SO DO WE!!! 
 
>"Why arn't you enjoying this Sora?"  
 
PRISS(very angry): Oh, how I would just love 
to see a women's group show up, right then 
and there! 
 
>Matt asked as he grabbed her left breast 
and squeezed it hard!  
>"Start having a good time. Tell you you 
love this, teel me you >have always wanted 
this, tell me you want more!" Matt ordered.  
 
RATCHET(Sora): How about I tell you I feel 
sick, and that I'm going to throw up if you 
keep this up, instead? 
 
>Sora fearing that Matt  
>would cut her if she did do it obeyed him. 
"Oh Matt you don't >know how long I have 
waited for this. Please fuck me hard, fuck 
>me please, pla with my tits, just like I 
have always wanted you to. >Please keep 
fucking me!" Sora said in 
 
AYEKA: a wooden monotone. 
 
>her best sexy voie with tears still falling 
down her face.  
>Matt got a smile on his face. "Now see was 
that so hard to say?  
 
ALL: Yes. 
 
>Now I will  
>cum in you then I will cover you with cum!"  
 
PRISS(angrily): I hope she uses the knife to 
castrate him, after he's 
recovering from the first one! 
ALL THE GUYS(wincing): Ouch . . . 
 
>Matt then moved faster and  
>faster. He squeezed and twiste her left 
breast with his left hand >while still 
holding the knife in his right hand.  It 
didn't take long >for Matt to reach a 
climax. "OH FUCKING...YES!" Matt's cum 
>exloded into Sora's pussy.  
 
RANMA: What does "exlode" mean? 
XEL: That- 
RANMA: From someone OTHER than Xelloss. 
FILIA(Xelloss): That, is a secret. ^_^ 
OTHERS(including Xelloss): . . . . . . . . . 
 
>Then he pulls his cock out quickly and cums  
>all over her body 
 
PRISS: and then died from dehydration. The 
End! 
 
>. Sora  
 
PRISS: ARRRGH!!! 
 
>was now cover in Matt's cum.  
 
AYEKA: Shampoo, I implore that you remember 
that you are also of the female gender, AND 
CEASE NARRATING THIS LEMON WHILE YOU STILL 
CAN!!! 
 
>Sora just lied there  
>and cried. Matt then put his pants back on 
and looks at Sora. >"That wass fun Sora.  
 
RATCHET: I hope that's not implying that 
he's turned into a snake. 
KSA: Not the snake spell again... 
 
>I only wish you had cummed as well." Matt 
said. But Sora did >cum at the monent that 
Matt pulled his cock out.  
 
RANMA: But what about the "moment"? 
AYEKA: Peter, may I please borrow your 
bullhorn for a moment? 
PETER(tosses 'Mr. Bullhorn' to Ayeka): 
Catch! 
AYEKA(catches the megaphone): Thank you. 
(Through the megaphone.) WOMEN OF THE WORLD 
UNITE, AND DESTROY TANK COP!!!!!! 
B-KO, FILIA, LIME, PRISS, RATCHET, AND REI: 
RIGHT ON!!!!! 
ALL THE GUYS: AND LET US HAVE A CRACK AT HIM 
TOO!!!!! 
AYEKA(passes the megaphone back to Peter): 
Ummmm . . . Okay! 
 
>Matt never looked down to see  
>Sora's cum coming out of her pussy, which 
made Sora feel even >more ashamed.  
 
PETER: That he didn't look? 
OTHERS: PETER!!! 
PETER: Sorry. 
 
>Then Matt bends down to wisper in Sora's 
ear 
 
RATCHET: But falls flat on his face, 
instead. The End! 
 
>. "Now  
 
RATCHET: Rats. 
PETER(to Ratchet): Nice try, though. 
 
>I think you  
>better go get cleaned at the lake. It will 
be dawn in a hour and i >you ever tell 
anyone what we just did I will make you 
reget it for >the rest of your life, I 
promise you. 
 
PETER: I'm not sure if I should be happy or 
annoyed that we can't understand that. 
KSA(visor set to translate Tank Cop): Hmmm, 
if she says anything, he'll make her regret 
it. (to Matt in the fic) YOU DO REALISE THAT 
YOU'D BE OUTNUMBERED THEN! 
PETER:  Uh, Ksa.  This would be written by 
TANK COP, remember!?
KSA(thinks about it): . . . . . .  Ah, crap.  
That WOULDN'T be good, would it.
PRISS(rubbing the sides of her forehead):  
Stop giving him ideas.  Stop giving him 
ideas.  Stop giving him ideas. . . . .
 
>" Matt said as he put his knife back in his pocket and walks  
>back to the camp with a smile on his face.  
>As soon as Sora was sure Matt was gone she ran to the lack 
>crying the whole way.  
 
RANMA: She then ran into the "lack", and was knocked unconscious. END!!! 
 
>She then washed off  
 
PRISS(Sora): The dirt! It won't wash off!!! 
 
>al the cum  
 
PETER: The perverted member of the Mafia. 
OTHERS(excluding Ratchet, who just starts laughing): PETER!!! 
RATCHET(recovering): Ah, that cheered me up, a bit. 
 
>and then hurried back to camp  
>where Matt was sitting on a log watching her getting some 
>clothes on.  
 
RANMA: Didn't he cut them off of her? 
 
>Smiling at her the whole time.  
 
ALL(old geezer): EVIL! 
 
>----------------------------------------------------------------------------
- 
>---------------- 
 
>(scene changes back to the kids walking in the woods)  
 
AYEKA: Thank you poorly installed scene change! 
 
>----------------------------------------------------------------------------
- 
>---------------- 
>So there was a reason that Sora keep a distance from Matt. There 
>was a reason, very good reason indeed.  
 
ALL(dull monotone): A very, very good reason indeed. 
 
>End.  
 
ALL: FINALLY!!! 
 
>----------------------------------------------------------------------------
- 
>---------------- 
>I hope you all liked that lemon.  
 
ALL: No. 
 
>I sure did.  
 
PRISS: You would. 
 
>I would like to tahnk doytee7 for your support of my work and 
>your devotion to this site.  
 
PETER(Tank Cop): Unfortunately my spelling will be too terrible for you to 
understand what I'm saying. 
 
>I wouls also like to thank Anothy, my parter and best friend at 
>Digifuck for making pictures to match my stories 
 
AYEKA: In turn, "Anothy" requested that his name not be spelled correctly, so 
he can not be linked in any way to Tank Cop. 
KSA: Actually, I got an e-mail from this "Anothy" guy. 
OTHERS: And.....? 
KSA: Let's just say that he and T.C. go to the same English class. 
(Everyone else pales) 
 
>.  
>Thank you all. 
 
ALL(getting up to leave): DAMN YOU TANK COP!!!!! 
 
(The MST groups exit the theater.) 

	Cue to the bridge of the Anime 
Port/Turtlecraft temporary base.  Ksawarrior 
and Peter were laying out an attack strategy 
to stop Dr. Wheelo's transmissions; Ayeka, 
Priss, and Rei were listing all of the 
painful, and potentially deadly things they 
wanted to stick up/into Tank Cop; Lime was 
plugged into an electrical outlet, for 
recharging; Ranma and Ryoga were in a fight 
over something; Xelloss and Filia were in a 
fight over Ranma and Ryoga's fight; Wasabi 
and B-ko were comparing ideas and opinions 
on how to keep MSTers in check; and Ratchet 
was discussing something with Scimitar.

"So, let me get this straight," Ratchet said 
to Scimitar. "This game is like 'Six degrees 
of Kevin Bacon', but it's with Anime 
characters and Heero Yuy?" 
"Yeah, but due to the Fourth Wall rupturing, 
it's been banned throughout the Universe." 
"Why don't you try one?" she asked. 
"Okay, but just one." he replied. 
Ratchet thought for a little bit. 
"Okay, Ryo of the Wildfire from Ronin 
Warriors." 
Scimitar thought about it. Then he grinned. 
"Easy. Ryo's English voice is done by Matt 
Hill, who played the villain in 'Fatal Fury: 
The Motion Picture'. Terry, the hero of that 
movie, was played by Mark Hildreath, who 
also plays Heero." 
"You have no life, you know that?" Ratchet 
said coyly. 
Scimitar opened his mouth for a comment, 
but... 

*THE POWER OF CHRIST COMPELS YOU!* 
*All right, I heard it the first time!* 

The groups returned to the theater. 



(The MST groups reenter the theater, and 
take their usual places.)

PRISS(disgruntled):  Here we go again.

>-------------------------------------------
------------------------------------
>---------- 
>The next day the four of them meet ad tell 
of the up coming 
>events. 

KSA:  Uh, anyone got a translator handy?
PETER(tuning his translation device):  Just 
a minute . . .  Apparently it's supposed to 
say "The next day, the four of them met with 
each other, and told one another of their 
respective pregnancies."
OTHERS:  Oh.

>-------------------------------------------
------------------------------------
>---------- 
>"So your going to have a baby to Misao?" 
Sasami asked 
>with joy. 

RANMA:  Who's "joy"?

>"Yes. Me and Rumiya are going to have a 
boy. I'm so 
>happy to hear that you and Ryo-Ohki are 
having a girl." 

SCIMITAR: Don't go there. Please, don't go 
there!

>Misao said. "But there is a problem 
Sasami?" Misao said in 
>a low voice. 

REI(Misao): Is that my line?

>Sasami was confused? 

LIME: I dunno, was she?

"What's wrong Misao? This is a day 
>of joy and happiness, not a day of 
problems. What could be 
>wrong?" Sasami asked. 

KSA: Sasami has gone Kuno on us.

>Misao looked at her friend with a 
>unsure look on her face. "We have to tell 
our parents and 
>familys about this Sasami. We need to tell 
them everything. 
>They deserve to know." Misao said. 

FILIA: Well, they could just keep it a 
secret.
REI: Wouldn't their families notice the 
pregnancy?
XEL: In a Tank Cop fic, I wouldn't be 
surprised if their folks don't notice if 
their kids are missing their heads.
RATCHET(Sasami's mother):  Didn't you hear a 
word I said?  Honestly, you'd loose your 
head if it wasn't screwed on!

>Sasami was a littel surprised, but knew 
that this had to be 
>done. "Your right Misao. 

PETER(Misao):  What?  Is it turning?

>Ryo-Ohki and I will go back to 
>Earth and tell out family the truth. 

SCIMITAR(Ryo-Ohki): Since when were they my 
family?

>As I am sure you will do 
>the same with your parents?" Sasami asked. 

REI(Misao): I have parents?

>Misao nodded 
>her head. "Yes this must be done." Misao 
said. Ryo-Ohki 
>puts his hands on Sasami's shoulders and 
hand a good 
>idea. 

RANMA:  His "hand" had an idea?
PETER:  Well it does seem smarter than the 
rest of him.  It always knows exactly where 
to go.
AYEKA(clutching headband):  CLEAR!!!
	(Ayeka's shield units instantly 
surround Peter, and electrocute him for a 
split second.)  *KA-ZAAAP!!!*
PETER(burned):  Owie.

>"After we tell your families about 
everything then they 
>can come to the Magical Kingdom for the 
celebration. I 
>think then we can all get to know each 
other better." Ryo-
>Ohki said in a joyful voice. 

ALL(staring at the screen, horrified): . . . 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PETER & KSA:  Get . . .
AYEKA & REI: . . . to . . .
RANMA &RYOGA: . . . know . . .
PRISS & SCIMITAR: . . . each . . .
RATCHET & LIME: . . . other . . .
XEL & FILIA(with "Psycho" shower scene 
musing playing in background):  
BETTER!?!?!?!

>"Great idea Ryo-Ohki, we will do 
>that." Sasami said. "Then I guess we should 
all be off to 
>Earth and to see our families. Good luck to 
us all." Sasami 
>said. 

PRISS:  God help us all.

>-------------------------------------------
------------------------------------
>------------ 
>So the group parts and heads to Earth and 
to there 
>families. 

	(Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, Misao, and Rumiya 
appear mysteriously in the theater.  The MST 
groups are too transfixed on the screen, to 
notice.)
SASAMI(confused):  Huh?  Who are all of you?  
And where are we?

ALL(in a creepy monotone, not looking away 
from the screen):  We are dead, and this is 
Hell . . .

SASAMI(backing away with her friends):  Is 
that so?  Well, we must've made a wrong 
turn, so we'll be going now.
	(And just as mysteriously as they 
appeared, the four lemon characters 
disappeared.  The MST groups still did not 
notice what had happened.)

>-------------------------------------------
------------------------------------
>------------ 
>Sasami arrives at her house and walks in 
with Ryo-Ohki at 
>her side. Her mom greets them both with 
consurn. 

PETER:  I didn't know she had another kid 
why Sasami was away.

>"Sasami where have you been? 

AYEKA:  Hell.

>Your teachers say you weren't in school 
today? 

RANMA:  Well did they?

>And who is this handsome boy with you? 

PRISS(Sasami):  He used to be my pet cat.

>Is he your boyfriend? 

RATCHET(Sasami):  No, just a sex toy.
OTHERS:  RATCHET!
RATCHET:  What?!  It's the truth!

>Why didn't you tell me you had a boyfriend 
Sasami?" 
>Sasami's mom asked. Sasami's face 
>turned red a bright red. 

RANMA:  Wow!  The color of her face, turned 
color into a brighter color!

>"Mom can you get the others to 
>come here, I need to talk to them right 
now." Sasami said. 

PETER:  How many others can there possibly 
be?  Just Tenchi is left, and maybe the 
mysterious Mr. Kawai who never appears in 
the series.
KSA:  Maybe she want's Ryoko and Ayeka to be 
there too.
PRISS:  Knowing Tank Cop, they're in another 
lemon scene.

>After a few minutes the rest of the family 
comes into the 
>living room and then Sasami tells them the 
whole story. 
>"Now don't freak out ot nothing." Sasami 
said. 

RATCHET(Sasami):  But I've decided to 
replace "or" with "ot", and I'm marring the 
family pet, who is in fact my mystical 
sidekick, and I'm a somewhat cheesy magical 
girl rip-off, oh, and I'm pregnant to.
LIME(Sasami's mother):  Can we freak out 
now?

>Sasami dear, 
>we promise we will not freak out." Sasami's 
dad said

PETER:  from an intercom, in a shoe-box, 
across the room, under a lamp shade, dressed 
in camouflage.
XEL:  I take it you're not too pleased with 
his role in the series.
PETER:  What role?  And besides, I have a 
bet going with Ayeka and Priss that he has 
blue hair, and pink eyes, meaning Sasami 
takes after him.
AYEKA:  The eyes maybe, but the mother's 
hair has to be a dye job.
PRISS:  Word.
RANMA:  My hair changes to bright red with 
cold water, so I'm not taking sides on this 
one.
RATCHET(stroking one of her tendrils):  
Peter would know more about hair than me.
KSA(going Super and showing off his blonde 
hair): Maybe Sasami's mom is an abstract 
group of Saiya-jin.
(The others glare at Ksawarrior with 
lightening coming out of their eyes.)
KSA(LARGE sweatdrop on the back of his 
head): Nevermind.

>. "Ok 
>here i go. 

SCIMITAR(Mario as Sasami): Here I go!

>This is my boyfriend and lover Ryo-Ohki." 
>Sasami points to Ryo-Ohki. 

ALL(Sasami's family):  Hello Ryo-Ohki.
SCIMITAR(Ryo-Ohki):  Get me out of here!

>"Ryo-Ohki...but thats your pets name." 
Tenchi says. 

PRISS:  Wow!  And you realized that all by 
yourself!?  (Ayeka reaches over, and slaps 
Priss on the back of her head.) *thwap!* OW!

>"That's rightm that's because he is or was 
my pet." 
>Sasami said. 
>Everyone gasped when they 
>heard that. 

KSA & PETER(Wayne and Garth):  No way!
LIME & RATCHET:  Way!

>"Thats a good joke Sasami, now really who 
is 
>he?" Sasami's mom asks. 

AYEKA, FILIA, PRISS, & REI(singing):  Who's 
that cabbit! . . .

>Sasami looks at Ryo-Ohki. "Do it 
>Ryo-Ohki." 

ALL(with varying degrees of nausea and 
fear):  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!

>With that Ryo-Ohki transforms into his 
cabbit 
>form, 

	(Ratchet makes the Autobot/Decepticon 
transformation noise.)

>then changes back to a human again. 

PETER(Ryo-Ohki):  I am transformed!

>The entire family were stunned! 

KSA: I was too after reading the FIRST PART 
OF THIS FIC!

>-------------------------------------------
------------------------------------
>------------------ 
>Later after some more chatting the family 
started to 
>understand. 

RATCHET(Sasami):  You see, when a mommy and 
a daddy love each other very much . . . 
(Everyone else snickers.)

>-------------------------------------------
------------------------------------
>---------------- 
>"So your what your saying Sasami is that 

PRISS: some bastard with a keyboard is 
forcing you to commit disgusting sexual 
acts, and is taking away all proper grammar 
and spelling in this story?
REI(Sasami):  Yes.  Sad, isn't it?

>you are Pretty 
>Sammy the Magical Girl and have been having 
sex with 
>Ryo-Ohki and you are now pregnant with his 
child?" 
>Sasami's dad asks. 

SCIMITAR: HER DAD ISN'T EVEN IN THIS 
VERSION!!

>"Yes that's the whole story." Sasai said. 

AYEKA:  Oh, if only that were true!
RANMA(Sasami's dad):  And who are you, 
"Sasai"?
XEL:  That-
EVERYONE ELSE(Xelloss):  "-is a secret."  We 
know.
XEL: . . . . . . .

>"Now what do we do now?" Tenchi asks. 

PRISS(crossing her fingers, and chanting):  
Don't have sex.  Don't have sex.  Don't have 
sex . . .

>"You are all going 
>to come to the Magical Kingdom with us for 
the party that 
>will take please tonight to celebrate for 
the coming births." 
>Ryo-Ohki said. 

RANMA(Tenchi):  Do we have a choice?
PETER(Ryo-Ohki, with a German accent):  No!  
You veel do as you are told!

>Then others had to think about this. Then 
>they decided to go

SCIMITAR:  after being threatened at gun 
point.
PRISS(Sasami):  Don't make me use this, mom.

>. 
>-------------------------------------------
------------------------------------
>------------------ 
>On the other side of town in Misao's house. 

RANMA:  The other side of town is in Misao's 
house?

>-------------------------------------------
------------------------------------
>------------------ 
>Misao and Rumiya where talking to Misao's 
mother and 
>father. 

PETER(reaching into jacket):  This looks 
like a job for . . .
OTHERS(excluding Ratchet, and in a dull 
monotone):  Superman?
PETER(pulls out megaphone):  Mr. Bullhorn!
RATCHET(holding up a sign):  [Mr. Bullhorn 
3:16!] (Flips sign over.) [Wacky 24:7!]
PETER(through megaphone):  IN THE FIRST 
EPISODE OF THE SERIES, IT IS PLAINLY SHOWN 
THAT MISAO'S PARENTS ARE DIVORCED, AND THAT 
MISAO'S MOTHER IS NOT INSIDE OF THE HOUSE 
MOST OF THE TIME!!!!!!!
FILIA(holding up a sign):  [Does he do this 
often?]
AYEKA(also holding up a sign):  [About once 
very other story.]

>Went different then they expected. "Mom why 
are 
>you not surprised by what i just told you? 
I just told you that 
>i was the evil Pixy Misa, I had sex with 
Rumiya, and some 
>times when he was a bird, and i am pregnant 
with his child! 
>So why aren't you surprised?" Misao asked. 

FILIA(Misao's mother):  Oh, that's nothing 
compared to what your father and I used to 
do.
ALL(shocked):  FILIA!

>Her mother 
>just shrugged. "Well honey that night when 
I told you I 
>would be late coming home? 

RANMA:  Which one?

>Well I got home early and 
>then came into your room to kiss you good 
night, when I 
>saw you and this Rumiya boy in bed with you 
and you 
>where both naked! 

AYEKA(Misao's mother):  I was so horrified, 
I threw up for days.

>At first I was about to beat the hell out 
of that kid, 

PRISS:  Well why didn't you?!

>then I saw a smile on your face and I just 
gave you 
>and him a kiss on the checks and covered 
you both up. 

XEL(Rumiya):  Hey, I remember that night!  I 
dreamt that a giant Misao was towering over 
me, threw me into a flesh washing machine, 
and rocked me like a jukebox!  (Filia hits 
Xelloss repeatedly with her mace.)  *WHAM!* 
*WHAM!* *WHAM!* *WHAM!* *WHAM!* *WHAM!* 
*WHAM!* *WHAM!*
FILIA(standing over Xelloss' mashed form):  
Why aren't you helping!?
RYOGA:  Um, because you're doing a fine job 
on your own?  *WHAM!*  OW!  What did ya do 
that for?!  And not one word out of you, 
Ranma!
RANMA(trying not to laugh):  I didn't say 
anything.

>SO 
>i am not that surprised." Misao's mom said. 
"Then I guess 
>the last thing to do is ask you both to 
join us in the Magical 
>Kingdom for the party." Rumiya said. "We 
would be 
>honored." Misao's mom said. 

AYEKA:  "Honored" is not a word for this 
story.
REI:  What is a word for this story?
AYEKA:  "Fertilizer" comes to mind.

>-------------------------------------------
------------------------------------
>---------------- 
>Later that night both Misao's and Sasami's 
failies went back 
>to teh Magical Kingdom for the party to 
celebrate the 
>coming of Sasami and Misao's children. 

RATCHET(looking at the sentence):  What the 
heck?
PETER:  Conceived by an imbecile, written by 
an imbecile without spell-check.

>-------------------------------------------
------------------------------------
>---------------- 
>Everyone was enjoying the party. Tenchi was 
having quite 
>a time chatting and dancing with almost 
every girl at the 
>party. 

	(Steam begins to pour out of Ayeka's 
ears.)
PRISS:  *cough* *cough* *bulls#;+* *cough*
REI: Utterly unlikely is more the phrase.

>Misao and Sasami parents where chatting 
with 
>Ramia and Tsunami about all the stuff that 
is to be 
>expected of there daughters, and future 
son-in-laws, and 
>there upcoming grand kids. 

PRISS(Misao's mother):  How many more 
sickening lemon scenes?!  Does this idiot 
ever write anything worth reading?!
AYEKA(Tsunami):  Not yet.  This is his 
longest series so far, and even now it is 
mostly setups for lemon scenes.  The lemon 
portions themselves are too small to 
constitute the length of the setups.

>But it was Ryo-Ohki and 
>Rumiya that where having a little trouble. 

RANMA(Rumiya as Chong):  Dave's not here, 
man!
PETER(Ryo-Ohki as Cheech):  No man, I'M 
Dave!  Now let me in, I got the stuff!
AYEKA:  I am getting more and more concerned 
that the "stuff" may have had more influence 
for this story than we first considered.

>After a long 
>dance with each of there lovers, Sasami and 
Misao, 

RATCHET:  Really?  And here I thought they 
would have danced with their lovers "Starsky 
and Hutch".
OTHERS:  RATCHET!
RATCHET:  There's nothing like hearing your 
own name like that, to make you feel proud 
about yourself.

>they 
>both said needed to take care of something, 
then they both 
>left and have not been back for a hour? 

RANMA:  Well have they?

>"I wonder where 
>they are Ryo-Ohki?" Rumiya asked. "I don't 
know Rumiya, I 
>don't know?" Ryo-Ohki said. 

RATCHET:  I wonder why Tank Cop put a 
question mark there?
LIME:  He must've run out of periods.

>-------------------------------------------
------------------------------------
>---------------- 
>In Rumiya's bed room was where the girls 
where. Finishing 
>something they needed to finish. 
>-------------------------------------------
------------------------------------
>--------------- 

PRISS:  Thank you useless scene that does 
absolutely nothing for the story!

>They where both in Rumiya's bed room and 
where kissing 
>and hugging each other. 

LIME:  Ksa, what are they doing?
KSA(blushing):  Uh, they're wrestling.
LIME:  Really?!  Can I wrestle too?
KSA(now with a nosebleed):  GAH!  No!  I 
mean . . .
LIME(now upset):  But I want to wrestle!
RATCHET(smiling sadistically):  Yeah Ksa, 
why can't she wrestle?
LIME:  See!  Ratchet agrees with me!  Let's 
wrestle Ratchet!  (Picks up Ratchet.)
RATCHET(being grabbed by Lime):  Ah!  No, 
wait, I- eeep!
	(Lime drags Ratchet to the row of 
seats in front of them, and tries to re-
enact the scene she just saw.)
KSA(major nosebleed):  Urk!  (Faints.)
	(Ryoga also has a nosebleed and 
faints.)
RATCHET(struggling):  Ah!  D-don't do that!  
Okay, if THAT'S how you want to play it!!
PETER(mumbling to himself):  Don't look . . 
. Don't look . . . Don't look . . .  (He 
looks.)  Urk!  (And has a nosebleed, while 
fainting.)
AYEKA(looking mildly horrified):  I never 
thought I would see the day where Peter 
would do that old nosebleed gag.
PRISS(flinching):  Well this is ALMOST as 
disgusting as the lemon scene.
LIME(struggling with Ratchet):  EEE!  That 
feels weird!
XEL(looking):  If this is wrestling, then 
doesn't that count as bringing a foreign 
object into the ring?  (Hit by Filia.)  
*WHAM!* OW!  What?!  You're looking too! 
(Hit again by Filia.)  *WHAM!*  OW!
RANMA & REI(chanting):  Ignore it.  Ignore 
it.  Ignore it.  Ignore it . . .
KSA:  En . . . ugh . . . nah . . .
PETER:  Oo, ee, oo, ah, ee, ie . . .
	(Ayeka gets up, and walks off screen.)

>After five minutes of opened 
>mouth kissing, Sasami broke free and 
started, without 
>asking to take off Misao's party dress. 
After taking it off she 
>backed away to see her young childhood 
friend in her white 
>cotton panties, white socks, and a cute 
white bra with a 
>little red ribbon in the middle of it. Then 
Sasami also started 
>to remove her own clothes. 

	(Ayeka wanders up, and covers the 
camera with a blanket, thus leaving us with 
only audio feed for the time being.)

LIME:  Wai!  I gotta try that!
	(Sound of strap buckles forcefully 
coming undone.)
RATCHET:  AAH!  Don't do that!
LIME:  Why do you have a little silly ghost 
face on your panties?
RATCHET:  That's a Damashi, and it's none of 
your business what I have on my panties, now 
give me back my dress!!
LIME:  But Sasami didn't give Misao back her 
dress.
RATCHET:  YOU are not Sasami!  Now ah-! . . 
.  I'm giving you three seconds to get your 
hand off of my panties.  One . . .
LIME:  Wow!  You have a little slit thing 
between your legs like I do!  Here, I'll 
show you!
KSA(getting up):  Lime stop it!  You 
shouldn't to things like that to . . . 
(Notices that Ratchet is naked, and is under 
Lime who is almost naked.)  GAH!  (Has a 
nosebleed, and faints again.)
PETER(pulling himself up):  R-Ratchet?  
What's going on?  (Sees Ratchet and Lime.)  
Hoooooo . . .( Has a nosebleed and faints as 
well.)
RATCHET:  Two . . .
LIME:  I feel funny when I touch my slit 
thing.  Does it feel funny to you to?
RATCHET:  Thr-EEEEEEP!
PRISS:  Okay, let's stop this now, before 
Peter and Ksa bleed to death.
RATCHET(shakily):  Oh!  Oh!  P-Peter!  Oh!  
Ah!  AAH!
LIME(also shakily):  K-Ksa DAI SUKEEEEEEE!!!
PETER(trying to speak, with a very bloody 
nose):  Gah-*gurgle*-niff . . .
KSA(unconscious):  Haaamina-hamina-hamina-
hamina . . .
FILIA:  *WHAM!*  You were thinking it!!!
LIME:  Wait!  We're not done wrestling yet!
RATCHET(a bit distant):  Yeah, we're not 
done yet . . .
	(At this point the blanket falls off, 
revealing Ayeka, Ranma, and Priss pulling 
Ratchet away from Lime, who is being lifted 
up by Rei, Filia, and Scimitar.  Filia's 
mace can be seen sticking upright from 
Xelloss' seat.)
AYEKA(noticing the camera):  Ah great, the 
blanket fell off.  B-ko!  Pause the story, 
turn off that dang blasted camera, and send 
one of those cleaning robots in here!  We 
have a lot of spilled blood!
B-KO(next to Wasabi in the control booth):  
What the heck happened?!
SCIMITAR:  Don't ask!  Just turn off that 
camera!
WASABI:  Okay, but you'd better explain why 
those two are nak-

(Camera off.  Camera on.)

	(The MST groups are all in their seats 
again.  Peter has several sheets of paper 
towels rolled up under his nose, while 
Ksawarrior opted for the more traditional 
box of tissues.)
PETER(nose slightly clogged):  Interesting 
girl you have, Ksa.
KSA(tissues up his nostrils):  Nike you're 
one noo nalk!
LIME:  That was fun!  It was really, really 
exciting!  I wish you could've felt it, Ksa!
KSA(tissues knocked out of nose by renewed 
nosebleed):  Ah!  Ah-hah . . .  Ahgah . . . 
(Quickly uses a handful of tissues to stop 
off the bleeding.)  Ah, I kind of wish I 
could have felt it to, Lime.  (Notices that 
Filia, Priss, and Rei are glaring at him.)  
Kind of . . .
LIME:  When can I do that again, Ksa?
KSA(noticing that Ayeka, Scimitar, and Ranma 
are also glaring at him now):  A long, LONG, 
long, long time from now, Lime.
LIME(a little disappointed):  Oh . . . 
(Perks up.)  Ratchet-Chan!  Thanks for 
wrestling with me!  Can I keep your 
panties?!
RATCHET(smiling, and leaning a little closer 
to Peter):  Only if you let me keep yours in 
return, Lime-Chan!
LIME:  WAI!  Thank you Ratchet-Chan!
RATCHET(flirting):  That's okay with you, 
isn't it Peter?  ^_^
PETER(pulling out another paper towel, to 
help hold off his nosebleed):  Ah.  I guess 
. . . it's all right . . .
PRISS(disgruntled):  Let's just finish 
watching the fic, already.

>After about three minutes they where both 
naked and 
>felling each other up! 

RANMA(unhappily to B-ko and Wasabi):  
Couldn't you two skip till after all of this 
was over?!
B-KO:  No we couldn't!  You're not getting 
out of this THAT easily, and besides, we're 
going to be watching it with you this time 
in case of any more problems.
WASABI(to B-ko):  We are?
B-KO:  Yes we are.  And stop whimpering like 
that.  It's annoying.

>"Mmmmmmmm Sasami!" Misao 
>moaned. "Ooooooh Misao!" Sasami moaned. 

KSA, PETER, & XEL(singing):  Aaaaaaay 
Macarena!

>Misao was 
>licking Sasami's breasts with gentle licks, 
almost teasing 
>her naked friend. 

PRISS(to Tank Cop):  GET IT THROUGH YOUR 
STUPID SKULL!!!  EVEN IF SHE COULD LACTATE, 
IT WOULD BE MONTHS BEFORE SHE EVEN HAD 
ANYTHING RESEMBLING BREASTS!!!!

>Sasami returned the favor by putting her 
>hand down and gentle rubbing Misao's outer 
pussy lips. 

LIME:  Why is she rubbing a cat's lips?
RANMA(shaking in fear):  DON'T SAY THE "C" 
WORD!!!
LIME:  What was THAT about?
KSA(exasperated):  I'll explain later.

>"Mmmmmmmm oh so good!" Misao says. 

PETER:  I'd sue for plagiarism, but then I'd 
have to do the same for almost fifty other 
lemons to come out in the last year or so.

>After another few minutes it started to get 
more intense. 

RANMA:  Intense!  Obscure!  Action!
PRISS:  Good.  We don't have to see much.

>Sasami made Misao lie on the bed with her 
head dwon on 
>the pillow and her pretty ass sticking out. 

AYEKA:  Oh look at the pretty donkey!  (The 
other MST group members stare nervously at 
her.)  I can make silly comments if I want 
to.

>"Your going to love this Misao." Sasami 
said 

RATCHET(Misao):  Really?  Why thank you, 
it's just what I've always wanted!  It will 
go great with my left, and anything else 
following something that should be shown 
with a "You are" or "You're"!

>as she gave Misao's ass a 
>few playful swats, then bent down and 
opened her ass 
>checks and started to lick Misao's asshole! 

ALL:  EEEEEEEW!!

>"Hmmmmmm!" 
>Misao moaned as she was over taken with 
pleasure. Then 
>after Sasami gets her friends ass all moist 

PETER:  That's the most disgusting thing 
I've ever seen, and I wrote a fic where 
Ayeka had Ryoko's love-child!
AYEKA:  WHAT!?!
PETER(to Ayeka):  Don't worry, It's nice and 
waffy in some parts.
AYEKA:  That does not help my feelings, any.

>Sasami moves 
>down to her young friends tender pussy. "Oh 
my godness. 
>Misao your pussy is just so wet and it 
smells like sweet 
>perfume!" Sasami said. 

XEL(salesman):  Try Sasami's new "Sweet 
Fish" scented perfume!   (Slapped by Filia.) 
*slap!* Hey!
FILIA(Exile from "Road Rovers"):  Don't be 
weird boy.
XEL:  Like you're one to talk.  (Buffaloed 
by Filia's mace.) *BONK!*  Ow!

>Misao was blushing. Then Sasami 
>puts two fingers into Misao's pussy and 
opened her pussy 
>lips a little so Sasami can get her mouth 
to fit around her 
>friends now exposed pussy. 

PETER:  Her mouth can already fit around it!  
Read an anatomy chart, Tank Cop!

>Sasami gave Misao's outer 
>pussy lips a little teasing lick, then went 
to the main goal. 
>She licked very slowly up and down Misao's 
pussy and clit. 
>"Oh yes, oh Sasami please don't stop! 
Please make me 
>come!" Misao begged. 

RATCHET:  Unfortunately for Misao, Sasami 
thought she said "Finish quickly and have a 
snack".

>Taking her time Sasami moved 
>slowly as to make it more intense for both. 

PRISS:  Intense!  Redundant!  Action!

>Later on after Misao's second climax. 

RANMA, RYOGA, & SCIMITAR(Singing fish from 
"Eureka's Castle"):  A few hours later!

>She wanted to help 
>to do something for Sasami too. So Misao 
turned on her 
>back and got Sasami to lie on top her with 
her face in her 
>pussy. They where going to 69 each other. 

	(Lime is paying a little too much 
attention to what is going on now, and 
Ratchet is alternating between watching the 
screen, looking at Peter, and glancing from 
time to time in Lime's direction.)

>They got into 
>postion with Sasami on top and Misao 
underneth her. Then 
>they got started. 

AYEKA:  Well here is why Tank Cop always has 
to substitute his periods for question 
marks!  He used up all of his periods in 
this paragraph, when he really did not need 
to!

>Sasami keep licking on Misao's pussy and 
>taking nibbles on Misao's clit from time to 
time. While Misao 
>was using a different way of pleasuring her 
firend, she was 
>using her two fingers to make her young 
friends love box 
>get all wet! "Ooooh Misao!" Sasami moaned. 
"OooooH 
>Sasami!" Misao moaned. 

PETER(actually singing on key for once):  
Ooooooook-lahoma! . . .

>This counties for another hour or so

PRISS(hick accent):  Then the counties goin' 
be blowed up by that dern nuclear reactor!
SCIMITAR(ditto):  Dern fool kids.

>. They had multiple 
>climaxes over that period. Misao alone had 
four and 
>Sasami had three. 

RANMA(sports announcer):  But wait!  Sasami 
gains another climax, and now it's neck and 
neck as they pull into the stretch!

>They where near there next climax when 
>the door opened! 

RATCHET(dramatic close up music):  Dunt-
dunt-dunn!!

>They both looked to the door and froze 
>when they saw both Ryo-Ohki and Rumiya 
starring at them 
>with stunned looks on the faces, no to 
mention the drool 
>coming out of there mouths! 

PETER & RANMA(Ryo-Ohki and Rumiya):  We're 
brain dead!
RYOGA: No kidding. (gets whapped by both 
Peter and Ranma) *WHAP!-WHAP!* OW!

>"Tsk, tsk, look at these two 
>bad girls Ryo-Ohki." Rumiya said. "I see 
them Rumiya. 
>What do you think we should do with these 
naughty girls?" 
>Ryo-Ohki asked. 

KSA: OH MY GOD! He actually managed to put 
"asked" in the right form!
AYEKA(Rumiya):  How about we send them to 
bed with no supper!
RATCHET (Ryo-Ohki):  Oh wait.  They're 
already IN bed, and they've already had 
their supper . . .

>"Well they did make a complete mess of 
>my bed, but I think a good and very hard 
fucking will teach 
>them a lesson." Rumiya said with a big 
smile on his face. 

RANMA:  Well if he just said "with a big 
smile on his face" then why did you put the 
rest of that stuff in quotation marks?

>"I total agree with you Rumiya." Ryo-Ohki 
said 

PETER(Ryo-Ohki as Ed Grimly):  I like 
totally agree with you, I must say.

>then they both 
>went towards there two pretty and cum 
covered girls with 
>the intent on making hard love! 

PRISS:  Ouch!  Tough loving.

>*Ten Years Later* 

KSA & PETER(Rumiya & Ryo-Ohki):  This 
marriage is suffocating me!

>It has been ten years since Misao and 
Sasami gave birth to 
>there kids. 

AYEKA:  They now spend all their free time 
going to schools, telling of the dangers of 
premarital preteen sex, using their own 
lives as examples.

>Sasami and Ryo-Ohki's daughter look a 
little like 
>both of them. Naori has her mother's hair 
color and style, 
>and her mothers looks. Her dad's ears and 
his eyes. 

ALL:  Uh-oh.
AYEKA:  I wonder if that raised any 
questions at the hospital.
REI: I'm surprised they didn't call animal 
control.

>She 
>has kind of a tail that looks very cute, 
for a ten year old! 
>She is a very curious girl with a love for 
life. 

LIME:  Does that mean she's like me?
RATCHET:  Only in personality.
LIME:  Oh . . . Is that good or bad?

>Misao and Rumiya's son Reiko has his dad's 
looks and hair 
>color. He has his mothers strength and lust 
for life. 

	(Both MST groups fall out of their 
seats, in uproarious laughter.)

>He is a 
>strong willed kidwith a great sense of 
kindness. 

PRISS:  How?

>It has been a great ten years. 

ALL(sarcastically):  Sure it has!

>In that time the Magical 
>Kingdom of Juria 

REI:  I believe that it is supposed to be 
"Juriahelm".

>has fluoresced under the joint control of 
>Tsunami and Ramia, 

PETER:  Well, when they're not fighting, 
plotting against one another, forcing young 
girls to take on magical powers, and 
potentially anthropomorphic side-kicks who 
inspire horrible lemons such as this one . . 
.

>peace on Earth is nearly at hand. Yet 
>there are still forces that threaten peace 
and love. 

RYOGA:  RANMA THIS IS ALL YOUR FAULT!!!
RANMA:  Prove it.
RYOGA: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  IT'S 
ALL YOUR FAULT FOR REASONS THAT WILL COME TO 
ME AT SOME OTHER POINT IN TIME, BUT IT'S 
STILL ALL YOUR FAULT!!!

>Now that 
>both Sasami and Misao are in college and 

AYEKA:  trying to raise a family, as they 
continuously wonder if other wives have to 
change their husband's litter boxes.

>Rumiya and 
>Ryo-Ohki are members of the Jurian Council, 
they have 
>little time to deal with that, but there 
kids can do it. 

RATCHET(Naori):  But mommy!  I don't wanna 
be a superhero!  That outfit sucks on toast!
PRISS(Sasami):  I know it sucks dear, but 
I'm in college now, and why would I want to 
risk my life to save the world, when my ten 
year old, inexperienced daughter who goes to 
the vet instead of the pediatrician, can 
handle the job now?
PETER(ditto):  Now take that wand, go out 
there, and stop peeing on the rug damnit!  I 
just cleaned that spot up!

>As is 
>custom, Sasami and Misao have pasted there 
powers 
>down to there kids, 

AYEKA:  Traumatizing Misao's son, for the 
rest of his life.
RANMA:  Poor guy didn't have that far to go.
RYOGA(Reiko):  Feathers!  I have feathers!!  
AIIIIEEEE!!!

>yet keep a little power to themselves if 
>they ever need it. 

PRISS:  Oh yeah, their kids would only need 
it for dire life or death emergencies, 
anyway.

>Now it is up to Naori and Reiko to fight 
for 
>love and justice, not to mention having 
some good sex 
>when there not to busy! 

PETER:   Oh no!  No, no, no, no, no!  No 
sequel setup!  PLEASE!!!

>End 
>-------------------------------------------
------------------------------------
>-- 

PETER:  Come on.  Say it's over.  Say it's 
over . . .
AYEKA:  We want this to end, once in for 
all.
RANMA:  Stop the insanity.  Stop the 
insanity.
PRISS(praying):  Please, oh please stop it 
now.
RATCHET:  End, you wretched piece of toilet 
trash.
KSA'S GROUP: End, dammit!
B-KO & WASABI(chanting):  End.  End.  End.  
End . . .

>Well that's it....its over. 

ALL(partying):  
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
	(Streamers, balloons, and confetti 
rain down from the top of the theater.)

>Well I had a lot of fun doing this 
>series. I hope you all, my fan's enjoyed it 
too. 

AYEKA:  I have no idea who your fans are, 
but we enjoyed you telling us that it was 
over.

>I only hope 
>my future fics are just as good. 

PRISS:  Actually I hope that your future 
fics are better than this one!  In fact, I 
KNOW they will be better, because YOU CAN'T 
POSSIBLY MAKE ONE THAT IS WORSE!!!
OTHERS:  PRISS!!!!!!!
PRISS: . . . . Oops . . .

>But none will compare to 
>the joy I had making this one. 

RATCHET:  Weeee'll just ignore that line, 
thank you very much.

>If anyone would like a picture of Naori or 
Reiko please E-
>mail me. I am the only one who can give you 
those 
>pictures. 

SCIMITAR:  Thank Oyaji-sama for that.

>I would like to thanks you all my fans for 
your support of my 
>fics 

PETER(Tank Cop):  Unfortunately my spelling 
will be too terrible for you to understand.

>and I will continue to do my best to bring 
great fics to 
>this site. 

RANMA(to Tank Cop):  Why are you bringing 
other people's fics to this site?

>I would also like to invite everyone to 
vist my 
>Digimon web site at 
>http://clubs.yahoo.com/clubs/tanktonydigimo
nmangas 
>Its a Yahoo club site. 

PETER:  Most likely deleted by now, for 
content.

>Free membership and a lot of super 
>cool Hentai Manga made by my good friend 
and co-owner 
>Anthony. 

AYEKA:  Anthony despises humanity, and takes 
out his frustrations by helping Tank Cop.

>He also makes my Digimon lemons into 
Manga's. 

RATCHET:  We've seen them.
PRISS:  They suck.
SCIMITAR:  Like a black hole.

>Well until the next Tenchi Muyo lemon. 
>Farewell and always fallow what you beleive  
in no matter 
>what. 

PETER:  Quick-Fire, everyone!
AYEKA:  I believe that Tank Cop should learn 
how to spell words such as "straight", 
"strength", "stupid", and "believe".
RANMA:  I believe that Tank Cop should be 
ostracized by anyone, and everyone who reads 
his fics.
PRISS:  I believe that Tank Crap should 
print out every one of his fics, crumple 
them up into a big ball, and cram them up 
his-
PETER:  I believe that my Sasami lemon is 
better than your Sasami lemon, T.C.
RATCHET:  I believe that TV shows DID air 
last night, and no one can say otherwise.  
(Everyone glances at Ratchet, nervously.)  
What?
KSA: I believe that Tank Cop is actually a 
perverted five-year old with dreams of 
conquest.
LIME: I believe Tank Cop should be thrown to 
Hanagata for this.
SCIMITAR: I believe that there should be an 
8th deadly sin. Thou shall not actually think 
Tank Cop is a good person.
REI: I believe that Tank Cop is actually an 
AI spawned from the bad fiction on the net, 
ala the Puppet Master from Ghost in the 
Shell.
RYOGA: I believe we can all say we've seen a 
preview of hell, thanks to Tank Cop.
XEL & FILIA: I believe that Tank Cop would 
taste good raw. (they both stare at each 
other nervously)

>Tank Cop ^_~

PETER(to Tank Cop):  May you buy a Ford 
Explorer!!!
KSA:  Peter, that's being a little harsh.
PETER:  Sorry.  He gets on my bad side.

(The MST groups exit the theater.)


	Cue dramatic orchestra music- oh wait, 
this is text.  Never mind.

	The linked crafts of the Anime Port, 
and the Turtlecraft approach the rather 
large asteroid, that has been found to be 
Dr. Wheelo's base.

	On the Anime Port, a side bay door 
opened.  All the members of both MST groups 
stood, facing the asteroid.
	"You sure that's where he is?" asked 
Ranma.
	"It's where he took Ratchet and Lime." 
Said B-ko.
	"And all of the transmissions came 
from this area." Said Wasabi.
	"You ready to go 'Super-Saya-Juraian', 
Ksa?" asked Peter.
	"Yes." Replied Ksawarrior, charging up 
his powers.  "Scimitar, you ready to do some 
damage?"
	"Always." Said Scimitar.
	"Priss, you know the plan?" asked 
Peter.
	"Yeah." Said Priss, loading her 
assault rifle.  "Ayeka provides shielding, 
while Ranma, Ryoga, and me take pot-shots at 
bubble brain's base, over there."
	"Popcorn?" asked Ratchet, passing a 
bag of popcorn to Lime.
	"Thanks!" said Lime, ready to watch 
the show, and stuffing a handful of popcorn 
into her mouth.
	"B-ko." Said Peter.  "The radio-sonic 
microphone, please."  B-ko hands Peter what 
appears to be an ordinary microphone, but 
when Peter speaks through it, the sound is 
broadcasted outside of the station.  "HEY, 
'DR. SKIDMARK'!!!  WE KNOW YOU'RE IN 
THERE!!!  PUT DOWN THE TANK COP FICS, AND 
COME OUT WITH YOUR BRAIN UP!!!"

	Much to everyone's surprise, the upper 
third of the asteroid separated from the 
rest of it, and transformed into a very 
muscular bipedal form.  And right where a 
Cyclops-like eye would have been, was the 
brain of Dr. Wheelo.

	"I'M HUGE!!!!!!!" said Dr. Wheelo, his 
voice containing more volume than emotion.

	And somewhere . . . a rimshot was 
heard.

	" . . . . Maybe we should try again, 
when he's in a better mood." Said Priss, 
looking a little pale.
	"Well, I don't care how big he is!" 
said Scimitar, clutching his ki-weapon.  
"The bigger they are, the more pieces they 
make!!!"

	"WHAT'S THE MATTER?!!!!!!!  ARE YOU 
SCARED OF THE BIG-BAD-BRAIN, ALL OF A 
SUDDEN?!!!!!!!" taunted Dr. Wheelo.  "I'M 
DISSAPOINTED!!!!!!!  I THOUGHT YOU WOULD 
HAVE MORE GUTS THAN THAT!!!!!!!"

	"Let's look at your own guts, 
first!!!" shouted Scimitar, as he shot off 
toward Dr. Wheelo, like a speeding bullet.
	Ksawarrior went SSJ/J, and followed at 
about half of the speed Scimitar was going, 
having the unnerving sensation that this was 
too easy.

	"FOOLS!!!!!!!" said Dr. Wheelo, as a 
panel in his stomach opened up, revealing 
what looked like a crystal dodecahedron, 
with mystical runes carved into its surface.
	A transparent shield appeared around 
Dr. Wheelo, which Scimitar ran into like a 
bug on a windshield, with a loud splat.

	Ksawarrior stopped just short of 
ending up like Scimitar.  The half god was 
currently floating around like a piece of 
paper, muttering curses under his breath.
	"A shield!?" exclaimed Ksawarrior.

	"HA-HA-HA-HA-HA!!!!!!!" said Dr. 
Wheelo.  "ALLOW ME TO INTRODUCE YOU TO MY 
CROWNING ACHIEVEMENT!!!!!!!  BEHOLD; THE 
PLOT CONTRIVANCE GEM!!!!!!!  THIS LITTLE 
WONDER DEFIES ALL BOUNDRIES IN EVERY 
REALITY!!!!!!!  EVEN A LEVEL XII SUPER 
SAYIAN COULD NOT PENETRATE THIS 
BARRIER!!!!!!!  AND YOUR FLIMSY SELF 
INSERTION POWERS ARE USELESS AGAINST 
IT!!!!!!!  TREMBLE IN FEAR, YOU PATHETIC 
FOOD CHAIN JUNKIES!!!!!!!  HA-HA-HA-HA-HA-
HA-HA!!!!!!!"

	"Oh yeah!?" said Scimitar, fully 
healed.  "Well you forgot one thing!"

	"OH?!!!!!!!" said Dr. Wheelo.  "AND 
WHAT IS THAT?!!!!!!!"

	"That's just a shield!" said Scimitar.  
"You can't attack, with it up!"

*BE-TWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!*  
Without even lowering the shield, Dr. Wheelo 
shot a beam from the gem, sending Scimitar 
flying back toward the Anime Port.

	"INCOMING!!!!" shouted Ayeka, as 
everyone aboard the Anime Port ducked to 
avoid being hit by Scimitar's flying body.

*WA-PANG!!!!!*  *whud!*

	Xelloss prodded Scimitar's charred, 
and unmoving form, with a fork.
	"Ow." Said Scimitar.
	"Hmm . . .  Only medium rare.  He's 
still alive." Said Xelloss.

	Ksawarrior was flying circles around 
Dr. Wheelo, trying to find a weak point in 
the shield.  He found none, and so decided 
to try hit-and-run tactics to wear Dr. 
Wheelo down.
	"You can't keep this up, forever!!!"  
Shouted Ksawarrior, launching chi blasts 
toward the seemingly invincible shield.
	"ODD!!!!!!!" remarked Dr. Wheelo, idly 
playing 'Chessmaster' on an oversized 'Game-
Boy'.  "I WAS ABOUT TO SAY THE EXACT SAME 
THING TO YOU!!!!!!!"

	It was then that Peter made a bold 
move.
	"I didn't want to use this if I had 
to.  But it looks like I have no other 
choice." Said Peter, as he got up, and 
walked toward the open bay door.
	"Peter, what the heck do you think 
you're doing?" asked Priss.
	"I have one last trick I haven't used 
yet." Said Peter.  "One that will hopefully 
save the day."
	"Oh wonderful." Quipped Ayeka.  "Our 
fate rests in the hands of Peter Suzuki."
	"We're doomed." Said Rei.

	Peter stood at the bay door, took off 
his glasses (What?  You didn't know I wore 
glasses?  Well shame on you, then! - - Peter 
Suzuki.), and pointed toward Dr. Wheelo.  
For one brief moment, the fight stopped.  
And all eyes turned toward the fan fiction 
writer.
	Peter took in a deep breath, and said 
his three mystical words . . .

	"Pull my finger."

###

	In a world beyond comprehension, Lady 
Tokimi was startled out of her daily bubble 
bath, by the sounds of several people face-
faulting at once.  Hard.

###

	Everyone but Peter had fallen face 
first into their respective floors.  Dr. 
Wheelo's shield was still up, though.  Peter 
chuckled to himself, and scratched the back 
of his head.
	"Heh.  Sorry about that.  Just wanted 
to get in one last joke, before I used my 
last trick."  Peter took in an even deeper 
breath, and began to glow as he spoke.  "I 
summon the light within me!  To punish the 
chaos, and bring order back to where it 
should be!  PERSONAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!"

	Peter's body became shadowed out of 
view, and an astral form appeared over him.  
A form consisting of many different things, 
from many different Anime and RPG worlds.
	The body from the neck down looked 
like silver Dragoon armor from "Legend of 
Dragoon", but the helmet resembled something 
of a "Gundam" nature.  At one side was a 
laser pistol, with a skull-and-crossbones 
carving on both sides of its wooden handle.  
On his other side rested a sword hilt, with 
no scabbard.  It did not need one.  Light 
brown eyes glowed from the helmet, as 
Peter's now booming voice spoke.

	"I AM BAHAMUT:  LORD OF ALL GOOD 
DRAGONS, AND PUNISHER OF THOSE WHO DARE TO 
DEFILE WHAT MUST BE!!!!!!!"  

	The group members aboard the Anime 
Port, watched this all, amazed at what was 
happening.
	"I always thought Bahamut would look a 
little more dragon-like." Said Filia.

Peter/Bahamut pointed toward Dr. 
Wheelo.  "THOU HAST CHOOSEN TO BUILD 
SOMETHING INTENDED TO STOP THE ULTIMATE RULE 
OF ALL ANIMATION OF ANY GENERE!!!!!!!"

	"AND WHAT MAY THAT BE, INSOLENT 
WHELP?!!!!!!!" said Dr. Wheelo, unimpressed.

	"THE ONLY BOUNDRY IN ANY STORY, GREAT 
OR SMALL, IS THE AMOUNT OF SPIRIT ITS 
CREATOR IS WILLING TO PUT INTO IT!!!!!!  NO 
SOUL HAS THE RIGHT TO ATTEMPT TO CONTROL 
THAT ONE SIMPLE TRUTH, BE IT SELF INSERTION 
OR OTHERWISE!!!!!!!  THY ASS SHALL BURN IN 
HADES FOR THINE ATTEMPTED BLASPHAMY!!!!!!!"  
Peter/Bahamut pulled out his weapons.  
"DEFEND THYSELF!!!!!!!"

	"MEDDLESOME INSECT!!!!!!!" said Dr. 
Wheelo, launching another blast.  "YOU WILL 
BE THE FIRST TO DIE!!!!!!!" *BE-
TWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!*

	"I CALL THE LIGHT!!!!!!!" shouted 
Peter/Bahamut, swinging the sword handle, 
which suddenly flared to life with a blade 
of pure light.  Dr. Wheelo's blast was 
deflected into the neither regions of space.  
The Persona was not done there, as he took 
careful aim with his laser pistol, and 
fired.  *ZA-POW!!!!!!!*

	"CAN'T YOUR UNDEVELOPED BRAIN 
UNDERSTAND?!!!!!!  NOTHING CAN PENETRATE MY 
SHIE- *kra-WABANG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!* WHAT THE 
HELL!?!?!?!?!?!?!?"  The laser blast not 
only pierced through the shield, it crashed 
through the PC-gem, and through the other 
side of the shield before it shattered 
completely.  "IMPOSSIBLE!!!!!!!  NOTHING 
COULD PENETRATE MY SHIELD!!!!!!!  
NOTHING!!!!!!!"

	"PERFECT SHOT!!!!!!!" said 
Peter/Bahamut.  "THE 'COSMO-DRAGOON' PEIRCES 
ANYTHING!!!!!!!"

	The Persona suddenly disappeared, 
leaving in its wake a very tired looking 
Peter.  Blood trickled from his mouth, as he 
collapsed to the floor.
	"Peter!" cried Ratchet, as she rushed 
to Peter's side.

	"Now we'll see how tough you are, 
without your stupid shield!!!" shouted 
Ksawarrior, fully powered, and ready to take 
on anything.
	"I AM MORE THAN CAPABLE OF HANDLING 
YOU!!!!!!!" said Dr. Wheelo, quickly 
recovering from the shock of having his 
plans crumble before his very cerebellum.  
"I DON'T CARE HOW POWERFUL YOUR SPIRIT 
IS!!!!!!! YOU'RE IN MY WORLD NOW, NOT SOME 
SILLY STORY OF YOURS!!!!!!!"

	"Ksa!" shouted Peter, coughing up a 
bit up blood in the process.  "You can take 
him!  You're more powerful than anything 
that piece of nerve endings could come up 
with!  Use something more powerful than 
you've ever used before!"

	"Gotcha," Ksawarrior said. "Alright, 
let's do this!!!" With those words, 
Ksawarrior took off, making a beeline for 
Dr. Wheelo's head. Suddenly, the shoulders, 
thighs, and arms of the mad brain's machine 
opened up, revealing enough missiles capable 
of making a pilot from Macross/Robotech 
blink. *FWIISH!!! FWIISH!!! FWIISH!!! 
FWIISH!!! FWIISH!!! FWIISH!!! etc!!!"
"Eeeeep!" Ksawarrior cried as he swung 
upwards and ducked back under, dodging a 
volley of rockets. They all swung around, 
following him. 
"KAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA." he began, 
putting his hands together at his right hip.
Dr. Wheelo looked down as Ksawarrior lead 
the missiles up his leg.
"MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE."
Wheelo placed his hands in front of his 
forehead.
"HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA."
A ball of blue chi began to build between 
Ksawarrior's palms.
"MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE- Huh?!" 
Ksawarrior noticed something odd.
"MASENKOU!!!!!!!" Wheelo yelled, as a 
bolt of yellow chi shot down towards the 
Saiya-jin.
"HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!" Ksawarrior 
yelled, firing his blast..


..which was dispelled by the Masenkou. It 
collided into him, sending him backwards 
towards the missiles that were following 
him. 

* BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* 
*BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!*
*BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* 
*BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!*
*BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* 
*BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!*
*BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* 
*SHAKA-LAKA!!!* *BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!*
*BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* 
*BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!*
*BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* 
*BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!*
*BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!* *BOOM!!!*

Ksawarrior crashed into a small asteroid, 
bloody and beaten.
"*COUGH! HAAK!*" he coughed, spitting 
up some blood. His visor was shattered, and 
his eyes were flickering between bright blue 
and light brown, as he kept fluctuating 
between his regular and Super forms.
	"Since when could you do chi 
attacks?!" he asked.

	"FOOL!!!!!!! YOU THINK I DON'T PAY 
ATTENTION TO WHAT YOU CAN DO?!!!!!!!" 
Wheelo's voice boomed. His hand came 
crashing down onto the asteroid..

..however, Ksawarrior had jumped off, going 
Super again. "Well, time for some tricks I 
don't use!" he yelled. He shot up along the 
robot's torso, his right fist pulled back.
"SHORYUKEN!!" he cried, striking the 
chin with Ryu's infamous uppercut. As the 
large form rose upwards from the hit, 
Ksawarrior twisted around, his foot on fire 
with blue ki.
"CRACK SHOOTER!!" he yelled, his foot 
connecting, causing Dr. Wheelo to spin from 
Terry Bogard's kick. 
The Super Saiya-jin/Jurain pulled back, 
spirit energy gathering around his index 
finger.
"REI GUN!!!" Yusuke's attack from Yu 
Yu Hakusho fired at the face, cracking the 
glass that Dr. Wheelo's brain was hidden 
inside.

	"I think I got him," Ksawarrior 
panted. Suddenly, both hands clapped on him 
from both sides, as if they were squashing a 
bug. Blood shot upwards as Ksawarrior felt 
some ribs crack. Wheelo then punched him, 
sending him flying towards the Anime Port. 
He hit his head on the hull, and just began 
to float. Almost lifelessly.

	"NOW, TO FINISH YOU ALL IN ONE 
SHOT!!!!!!!" the insane brain yelled out, 
both giant hands charging up to fire.

*KA-ZMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!!!*

	A large red beam shot out, heading 
towards the joined ships. 
	"Holy." Ranma gasped.
	"Here it comes!" Scimitar yelled, 
powering up in an attempt to try to block 
it.
	"I shall assist you." Rei said, her AT 
field powering up.
	"As will I," Ayeka added, her shield 
units already sparking under the sheer 
amount of energy emanating from the beam. 
Ryoga and Ranma began charging up their chi 
attacks.
	"Xelloss," Filia said, her hand 
reaching to the Mazoku, "I have something to 
tell you."
	"Shhh," Xelloss hushed, his hand 
gripping hers, "I know."
The beam barreled down on them, about to 
obliterate the first thing in its path.
The first thing, at this rate, would be 
Lime, who looked at Ksawarrior's limp body.
	"KSA!!!" she screamed.

	Suddenly, a golden blur shot down 
before it could do serious harm.
	"NEVER!!" Ksawarrior yelled as his 
fist connected with the beam, redirecting it 
upwards.
	"EVER!!" 
His fist began to glow as his rage reached 
its peak.
	"THREATEN MY FRIENDS!!"
Suddenly, his arm exploded in golden light, 
and he flew forward, his right fist first. 
Punches and kicks were flying as the street 
fighting author from the Middle East [You 
didn't know that? What do you think KSA 
stands for? - Ksawarrior] unleashed the 
ultimate can of whoop-ass on Dr. Wheelo.
	"This is for fanfiction readers!!!"
*KA-BAM!!!* A right hook.
	"This is for Ratchet!!!"
*ZA-POW!!!* A right roundhouse kick.
	"This is for Peter!!!"
*ZA-SAAASHHH!!!* A chi empowered double 
strike with both hands.
	"This is for Lime!!!"
*KRACK!!!* A back-flip kick.
	"And this," he yelled, ascending above 
Dr. Wheelo, "THIS IS FOR ME!!!" Suddenly, 
beams of light began to stretch out towards 
him, absorbing into his body.

"KSA SCHOOL OF MARTIAL ARTS FINAL 
ATTACK!!!" he yelled. "CHOU DENSETSU HOUOU 
KEN!!!!!!! [translation: Super Legend 
Phoenix Fist]
Ksawarrior's battle aura took on the shape 
of a fiery bird, his fist leading the way as 
its head. 

	"OH SHIIIIIIIIIIIII-!!!!!!!" Dr. 
Wheelo screamed out as the Ksawarrior tore 
through the upper torso of his robot. The 
head snapped off, while the body exploded. 
Ksawarrior didn't stop there, as he flew 
straight through Wheelo's asteroid base, 
causing it, and the Tank Cop fics inside, to 
blow sky-high.

### 

	Lady Tokimi lowered herself into her 
bubble-bath, content with the sound of 
countless fanfiction fans celebrating.

### 

	"I'LLLLLLLLLLLLL  BBEEEEEEEEEEEEE 
BAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa . . . . ." said Dr. 
Wheelo's mechanical head, as it, and the 
brain inside of it, went flying into the 
unknown territories of the universe.

	Ksawarrior breathed a sigh of relief, 
and flew back to the Anime Port.  Peter was 
now unconscious, but otherwise okay, what 
with Ratchet caring for him and all.
	And there was someone who was really 
happy to see that Ksawarrior was alive and 
well, too.

	"KSA!  DAI SUKE!!" *GLOMP!*
	"AAK!  Good to see you too, Lime." 
Said Ksawarrior, returning the hug.

@@@

	Hours later, all repairs are made, all 
bones are mended, and the two MST groups are 
ready to once again go their separate ways.
	But.
	Just as they were about to separate 
the two vessels, Wasabi's computer started 
beeping, as if the phone was ringing.
	"Don't get that." Said Rei.
	"It could be Dr. Wheelo, again." Said 
Ayeka.
	Not hearing either of them, Ranma 
walked over, and picked up the phone.  
"Hello?"
	"Meow!" chimed the phone.
	"GAH!!!  C-C-C-C-CAAAAAAAAAT!!!!!" 
Ranma fainted on the spot.
	"No, that means we have a voice mail 
sent to us!" said Wasabi, as he pressed a 
few buttons on his keyboard.
	Much to everyone's unhappiness, Dr. 
Wheelo's voice was heard, with ocean waves 
and seagulls in the background.  *Greetings, 
uneducated miscreants.  As you may have 
guessed by now, I have survived.*

###

	Dr. Wheelo's brain case is in a lounge 
chair, on a sunny beach, with several 
expensive looking hotels in the background.  
The brain jar has a small stripe of sun 
lotion on the front, a small table with a 
glass of pink lemonade by its side, a 
cellular phone right next to the glass, and 
an oversized pair of sunglasses on its 
front.  All of this is under a big umbrella 
that has "Beach Brain" printed on it, in 
bright red letters.
	"Although my unexpected crash landing 
on an inhospitable, and unknown planet has 
left me detained for the time being, you can 
be assured that I am going to continue to 
send you terrible fan fiction stories, as I 
had previously stated.  Your powers in 
spirit may be impressive, but I can break 
that same spirit with these experiments, and 
conquer you all.  I have waited for many 
years, and I can wait quite a few more."

###

	*You will all bow down before my 
superior intellect.  Sincerely; Wheelo.*  
Finished the voice mail.
	*You have been charged $3.45, for 
accepting this collect call.* announced a 
computerized operator's voice.  *Have a nice 
day.*

	"Somehow, I don't think we came out on 
top." Said Ryoga.

@@@

	As the MST groups flew away, to their 
respective destinations, Ksawarrior flipped 
on the radio, hoping to take his mind off of 
what transpired that day.

	*click* "And in other news, a 
hurricane unexpectedly hit Florida earlier 
this afternoon.  Scientists are puzzled 
about this phenomenon, as there was very 
little indication of the storm, before it 
hit.  Witnesses to the devastation claim to 
have seen an Unidentified Flying Object, 
resembling a brain inside of a glass 
container of some sort, flying about 
aimlessly in the strongest winds.  Further 
reports claim that this UFO, was somehow 
screaming for help, as it flew by on a 
number of occasions."

	Scimitar smiled, looked up at the 
ceiling, and quietly said,  "Thanks Oyaji-
sama."

	Rei turned toward Lime, and said, 
"Would you take those off of your head!  You 
look ridiculous!"
	"But they're a present from Ratchet-
chan!" Lime argued.
	"Still, Lime, they look rather silly 
on your head." Scimitar said.
	"Maybe Ksa can show you where to put 
them." Xelloss commented with a smirk.

*KA-BONG!* 

	Ksawarrior and the others sweatdropped 
as Filia started cackling, while wearing a 
Zorro-like outfit, and swinging a large 
guitar.

	"I'll phone the guys in white coats." 
Said Wasabi, leaving to find a phone.

End of the document.



ANIME PORT'S REVIEWS:

PETER:  Finally, it's over!  Now I can get 
back to reading ACTUAL work!

RATCHET:   It's over!  It's over!  YAHOO!!

PRISS:  It sucked.  All of it.

RANMA:  There!  You're done!  Now go away, 
and leave us alone!

AYEKA:  Get!  Scat!  Go away!

KSAWARRIOR'S GROUP REVIEWS:

KSA: I'll be honest. There is one good thing 
about your fics. When they finish.

SCIMITAR: May your hands be incapacitated 
for several months, eliminating all chances 
of you writing for awhile.

REI: Alright, you've finished it. Now hurry 
up and die.

RYOGA: You do understand, if I meet you on 
the street, only one of us will walk away 
breathing.

LIME: I've looked at it from different 
angles, and I still think you should jump 
out a window.

XEL: To sum it up, you're a plague on this 
dimensional realm.

FILIA: Trust me, you don't want to know my 
opinion.


Author's notes:
Ksawarrior: Wow! I didn't actually think I could pull this off. Thankfully, 
due to my determination, (and constant
heckling from fans who want Tank Cop "very dead", as one said) I managed to 
stick with Peter through to the end. Also, a little message for Tank Cop. 
STOP E-MAILING ME IN AN ATTEMPT TO TRY TO MAKE ME THINK YOU'RE A GOOD 
WRITER!! IT'S NOT GOING TO WORK!! EVER!!!

Peter Suzuki:  If you're wondering why I haven't been MSTing lately, there's 
several very good reasons for that. 1)  I've been very busy with college.  2)  
My dad stepped on my computer disk during summer vacation, making it 
impossible to retrieve the MST I've been working on.  3)  I've had writer's 
block in the MST department since September.  And 4)  I'm working on some 
Ranma  fan fiction stories.  I hope this clears up all of your questions 
about me and my work.  And please stop harassing me to MST something.  I'm 
working on it!  Also, keep in mind this work contains my first purely NON 
Tenchi MST.  What do you think?

Eyecatch aka the Stinger:
(We kinda felt it'd be good to take a few bad sentences, along with our 
comments from every Tank Cop fic we've
both MSTed. Here we go!)

Sammy's Little Secret 1:

>"Thanks for coming.  I thought for a while you wouldn't come."

PETER(waving towards the readers): Goodnight everybody. 

Kain's Revenge:

>"Sasami its me the bad dream of
>yours, its time to die!"

Rei: Who introduces themselves as, 'the bad dream'?

A Matter of Life and Death:

>"When I find the
>Son-of-a-Bitch that did this to Sasami, I will rip his or her Fucking head
>off and stick it on a poll outside the house!  

(The MSTers all chuckle at the thought of Tank Cop's head on a pole)

Sammy's Little Secret 2:

>This was a very big turn on for the
>little Cabbit. It was so intence the he also masturbated!

ALL: . . . . . . . .

Sammy's Little Secret 3:

>"Birdy why aren't you singing?  If there's 
>anything else you want to do you can do it."  Misao said.

ALL(singing): Bad joke! Bad joke! Whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do when 
they pun for you?! . . . 

Sammy's Little Secret 4:

>They rang the bell.  The door opened, then to there 
>surprise they saw Ryo-Ohki in human form dressed only in a pair of white 
underpants!

PRISS(throwing up into a vomit bag): *UUUUUUUUGH!* 
AYEKA(Ryo-Ohki): Has anyone seen my clothes? 

Mimi's Nightmare:

>Ogermon was naked with the biggest dick she had ever seen. It was far to big
>to fit in her! 

RATCHET: He then fainted from the amount of blood needed to sustain the
erection.

Matt's Revenge:

>"I TOLD YOU TO SHUT UP SORA!" Matt yelled 

PETER(Tai): Hey, what's going on over there!?
KSA(Matt): Uh, nothing!!
PETER(Tai): Really!? It sounds like you're trying to rape Sora, or
something!
KSA(Matt): I said it was nothing!!

Sammy's Little Secret 5:

>"I'm pregnant!" Misao says. 

KSA: I beg your pardon?!
