Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo is the property of AIC/Pioneer


                             Autumn Leaves

	Ryoko sits in her command chair after leaving Tenchi on Jurai.  She has 
done what she promised, got him safely to Jurai.  Only now does she truly submit 
to the pain of the evil would in her side.  
	Her face is serene while the images and thoughts that are her memory flood 
through her mind almost too fast for her to catch hold.

	"I would love to go on a trip with you Ryoko." It was a warm memory even 
though the events that followed could hardly be called 'happy'.  The memories 
continued to spin inside her head.



	-You looked back.  Was that regret or pity in your eyes? -
	Kamadake had paid respect to her sacrifice, "Not even one thousand 
knights..."



	-One thousand nights, basking in your warmth.  I wanted so much from you, 
but what you gave me was better in a way. - 
 
	"Well Ryo Ohki, seems like it's just you and me again.  All alone."

	-For the first time in my life I knew what home was. -  

	"It's been fun though.  We've had a blast since we fell on the Earth.  
Haven't we?"

	-I have seen the far corners of the galaxy.  I have seen sights that would 
leave anyone speechless.  But on that tiny backwater planet I had more than I 
ever hoped for.  I finally felt like my life mattered.  I lived, and fought, and 
felt alive for the first time in a long time. -

	"I'm lonely.  I sound silly, don't I?"

	-Home... I can almost feel the wind carrying the scent of cherry blossoms.  
No it isn't cherry blossoms; it is the scent of Startica bells.  
	Autumn leaves falling in a sweet summer breeze.  I can see the colors 
swirling above me. Summer and autumn, coexisting peacefully.  So peaceful, I 
want to rest a while here. The leaves whisper and tell me that it is all right 
and that I don't have to fight anymore. -  
	Ryo Ohki tried to hold on to Ryoko's fading presence, desperately wanting 
her to return.  <So, where shall we go next?  What do you think Ryo Ohki?>
	Ryo Ohki screamed as she felt her mistress slip away.

	Three translucent figures, shining with inner power and light appeared on 
Ryo Ohki's bridge.  "It has been a long time sisters."  Blue light swirled 
around the figure of Tsunami.
	"It is ironic that we meet here and not where are true selves are."  Red 
light that was the power of Washu surrounded her. The green light radiating from 
Tokimi flared but she said nothing.  Washu seemed to be the only one who was 
amused by this meeting.  
	Washu approached the lifeless body before her.  "I suppose it had to be 
this way."
	"Of course.  She required it more than I do.  This way she is freed from 
her past life.  She will not be able to do what is required of her if she is 
weighed down by guilt and doubt."  Tsunami looked at Tokimi, "You will assist 
us?"
	"I know very well the consequence of failure."  She sneered, "If Kain is 
not stopped here he will keep absorbing matter until there is nothing left."  
She sneered, "And we will be powerless to stop him, because of your promise."
	"We cannot risk battling him ourselves, too much would be destroyed.  That 
is the reason that we do not fight each other openly." Tsunami's patience with 
Tokimi only went so far.  "The opportunity to destroy Kain will only come once, 
and only here.  We must hurry, we have very limited power here and soon we will 
revert to our original dimension."
	The three goddesses stood, forming a triangle around Ryoko's body.  Each 
placed their left hand on the next person's shoulder and their right over 
Ryoko's head.  Their energies met and twisted while they covered Ryoko.  When 
the wave of light came to her wound the dark energy was dissolved and her flesh 
was restored.
	
	Blue, green, and red formed the sky and trees.  Countless leaves and 
endless skies seemed to define eternity.  Ryoko breathed in the refreshing air 
and watched the leaves swirling and dancing to the ground.  The peace was not 
just around her but inside her as well.  Every sound she heard, everything she 
saw seemed to be telling her that all was well, that she had been forgiven.  In 
the last moments of her life she had been selfless and had finally shown that 
her love was real.
	The leaves started swirling faster, alarmingly fast.  They were closing in 
on her.  The sky, summer and fall leaves were all closing in on her.  Blue, 
green, and red, no longer the sky and leaves, engulfed her.  She felt a yanking 
sensation, then the even less pleasant sensation of being squeezed into a small 
container.
	
	Ryoko's eyes opened and were greeted by the sight of the three goddesses.  
Her vision and mind were bleary.  Who were these people?  Two of them she was 
certain that she had never seen before.  -Washu?- The familiar child genius did 
not stand before Ryoko but even in this adult form, there was no mistaking 
Washu.
	"Wake child, your time is not up." Tsunami's face was kind, almost belying 
the immense power she wielded.
	"You have much still to accomplish," Washu smiled.  "Go to him, when he 
has returned from his holiday on Jurai.  They will need your help." The three 
goddesses vanished.
	-My time has not yet come. - 
	"Let's go home, Ryo Ohki."
	-Dead and risen again, like the fallen autumn leaves that return every 
spring to enjoy another summer. -



Author's notes:  I would like to thank Nathan and Jaf for their invaluable 
comments and suggestions. 
Any and all C&C is greatly appreciated.
