AYEKO AND RYOKA
By N.D.M.Z.W.
Nicknetnak@aol.com
Regular fanfic
Synopsis: Washu's experiment causes the girls bodies to be switched.
I hope this plot hasn't been done yet! Anyway, these characters belong to
Pioneer and AIC.

    It was another bright day at the Masaki home. Summer had just come and
Tenchi was at home.
    “Sasami!!! Where is our food!” a hungry Ryoko yelled into the
kitchen
door.
    “It’s coming” Sasami yelled back, “just a few more minutes!”
Ryoko’s head turned back to the people sitting at the table. Ayeka was
staring back
at her,
    “Miss Ryoko! You should really not treat Sasami that way!”
    “If I need your opinion I’ll ask for it!” sneered Ryoko. Ayeka
glared at
her,
    “Sasami is my sister and I won’t stand for you insulting her that
way!”
Ryoko
stood up,
    ”If its a fight you want, than it’s a fight you’ll get! The winner
gets
to have
Tenchi!” Now Ayeka got up,
    “Fine! And if I win then you have to leave Earth!”
    “Yeah?! Well, you have to go back to Jurai and...” Ryoko never got
to
finish
what she was saying for Tenchi had interrupted her.
    “Stoppit!” he yelled but it was too late.
    Ryoko started forming a bolt in her hands. The house went quiet except
for
the faint sounds of Sasami cooking in the kitchen. Ryoko fired. A giagantic
explosion ran through the house (nobody got hurt because Tenchi characters
never
do). Everything and everyone was toppled over onto their sides.
    “I think you burned the toast.” Sasami squeaked from the kitchen
with a
pile
of pans on top of her.
    Washu returned to her lab to finish an experiment she had been working
on
for the past weeks. By nighttime she was done.
    Washu sneaked up the stairs into Ryoko’s room. Ryoko was snoring
loudly
(as usual) so Washu didn’t need to be too quiet. She carefully put a probe
onto the
wall of Ryoko’s room and tiptoed out.
    Next, Washu walked to Ayeka’s room. Ayeka was a little more quiet than
Ryoko but Washu was able to plant a probe in her room too.
    Washu walked downstairs and back into her lab. She turned her experiment
on.
    “Brainwave transfer...   ACTIVATE!!!”The probes in both Ayeka’s
room and
Ryoko’s room turned on...
    Ryoko woke up in Ayeka’s room.
    “What! why am I here! Well, anyway, I have to go wake up Tenchi!”
she
thought to herself as she casually walked out of her room.
    Ayeka woke up in Ryoko’s room. She yawned. Her breath smelled like
alcohol.
    “That’s funny, I don’t remember drinking!” she thought to
herself. “And
why
am I in Ryoko’s room! It’s disgusting in here!” She walked to the
mirror...
    “Wake up, wake up Tenchi!” Ryoko said as she shook Tenchi. Tenchi
opened his eyes.    “Ayeka! What are you doing here!” he said.
    “Whaddya mean?!” Ryoko said.
    Ayeka looked in the mirror “AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!” she screamed in
Ryoko’s voice, “I... I’m... Ryoko!”
    “AAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!” Ryoko screamed in Ayeka’s voice, “I’m in
Ayeka’s body!” She looked back at Tenchi. He was just staring at her
with
his head
tilted to one side.
    “Huh?” was all he managed to say.Ryoko (in Ayeka’s body) ran out
of the
room.
    Ayeka (in Ryoko’s body) ran out of her room.
    They collided into each other in the hall.
    “What’s the big idea, Ayeka! Oh, I know! You could tell that Tenchi
was
falling for me so you switched bodies to make Tenchi like you!” said Ryoko
(in
Ayeka’s body).
    “Thats absurd!” stammered Ayeka (in... well you know!) “if
anything he
was
falling for me!”
    “Yeah, you wish your royal dorkiness!” said Ryoko.
    “Stop it please ladies! I switched your bodies!” said Washu who had
just
come upstairs. Both Ayeka and Ryoko looked at her.
    “WHY I OUGHTA!” said Ryoko and Ayeka at the same time.
    “Stop it girls!” said Washu. “I’ll only switch you back if you
stop
fighting
with each other and learn to respect one another!”
    “Well, how are we supposed to do that might I ask?” said Ryoko.
    “Wouldn’t you like to know!” said Washu! “You have to find out
on your
own! And... oh yeah, I put what you have to do on my desk in my lab. Well,
seeya!”
    “Wait!” Ayeka said as Washu walked away. “This is all your fault
Miss
Ryoko!”
    Everyone was at breakfast that morning. Tenchi kept quiet about what he
had
heard that earlier because he himself  was trying to figure it all out. Both
girls
finished their food quickly and hustled into Washu’s lab. Washu laughed.
    “OK” said Ryoko, “I want my body as badly as yours so we’ll just
go our
separate ways to find it, capeesh?”
    “Capeesh.” replied Ayeka. They split up to look for Washu’s desk.
    At first they found a whole bunch of nothing. Only a few of Washu’s
failed
experiments and a container of a few alien plants or animals. Actually,
there
were
quite a few plants and animals where Ayeka was.
    One cage was broken. Its label read: IN HERE CONTAINS MASSES, FOR
YOUR SAFTEY, I ADVISE YOU NOT TO COME TOO CLOSE. ^_^ Ayeka
realized that the Masses must have escaped. She froze because a brown hand
had
just wrapped around her waist and was crawling up her.
“RRRRRRYYYYYYOOOOOKKKKOOOOO!” she yelled.
    Ryoko had been investagating some piles of scrap metal when she heard
Ayeka’s call. She tried to fly but just then she realized that she
didn’t
have the
power to fly and Ayeka was too wimpy to use her jems. “I’m coming!”
said
Ryoko
as she ran to Ayeka’s rescue.
    Meanwhile, Ayeka was cornered by the Mass. Ryoko ran behind the Mass
and teased it   “Hey, brownface! I think you overdid it on your last
tan!”
The
Mass turned around to Ryoko. “Quickly Ayeka, use your powers!” said
Ryoko.
Ayeka formed a lightsaber thingy in her (Ryoko’s) hand. She stabbed the
Mass.
The
mass was uneffected. Despite that, it crawled away into the depths of the
labratory
and left them alone. They stared at each other.
    Ryoko looked behind Ayeka and said, “Look there’s the desk! It
appeared
out of nowhere. They ran toward it. There was one peice of paper there. They
walked to it but there was a glass bubble over it. Ryoko started to punch it
with her
(Ayeka’s) fists to no avail. Then Ayeka shot a bolt at it and that
didn’t
work either.
Then, they both punched it at the same time. It opened. Everything went
blank.
    They woke up on the porch at the Masaki house in their own bodies. They
looked at themselves. They figured that what they had to do all along was to
find the
paper as a team.s
    “Yeah! It was all me! I saved us!” shouted Ryoko.
    “I beg to differ Ryoko. I was the one! You’d be me if it wasn’t
for
me!”
    “Don’t brag Miss Butthead!” said Ryoko.
    Washu looked at them from inside.
    “Boy, I guess they will NEVER LEARN!" She said with a smile.

THE END