Subject: <TM!><Spamfic><Humor> Ayeka and Tenchi
Date: Thu, 14 Jan 1999 21:50:19 +0000
From: "Trakal" <Trakal@map.com>
Organization: Galaxy Police
To: Trakal@map.com, gensao@geocities.com

        Ryoko sat upon the roof of the Masaki home caressing the engagement
ring Tenchi had given her just a few hours before.  She smiled,
quietly, to herself.

        "Now Tenchi is truly mine at last." She told herself. "I don't have to
fight Ayeka anymore. I can relax in the knowledge that Tenchi belongs
to me."  She considered this. "Of course, if Ayeka still wants to
fight, I'll happily oblige her. Anything for a friend, right?"

        "Mind if I join you?" Tenchi asked, rather pointlessly since he was
already there.

        Ryoko patted the spot next to her and Tenchi sat next to his intended.

        "Ayeka's planning on leaving right after the wedding." Tenchi told
her. "I think she's returning to Jurai. She said something about
joining the Galaxy Police, but I think that might have just been a
sarcastic remark since she was talking to Mihoshi at the time."

        "Pity." Ryoko replied. "She'd make a great operative. Overly
suspicious, overly self-confident, and extremely irritating."

        "You liked him, didn't you?"

        Ryoko raised an eyebrow.

        "That guy in 1970 I mean." Tenchi suggested.

        Ryoko almost slugged him off the roof. But now that she thought about
it. "Well... I don't think I could ever go for him as a boyfriend...
him being a cop and all." she looked to the stars for a moment. A
feeling akin to longing came over her. "But I do wish he was here
sometimes. I thought he was Kain at first, and he was so full of
himself I wanted to take him down a few pegs when I learned that he
wasn't. But now that he's gone... well..."

        "You miss him."

        "I wouldn't say I miss him. I never got to know him well enough. But I
sometimes regret not being able to spar with him again. The guy fought
me to a standstill and that's not easy to do." Ryoko turned to Tenchi.
"How did we end up having this conversation anyhow? Here we are, newly
engaged, sitting under the stars with the moonlight glowing down on us,
and we're talking about a dead cop."

        "Not the best topic under the circumstances." Tenchi admitted. He put
his arm around Ryoko and drew her close. "It's going to be very
different for you living as a housewife." He told her.  "Just think, in
a few years you won't even remember being a notorious space pirate.
We'll have a couple of children. You'll organize bake sales, join the
local PTA and go to meetings," he didn't notice the look on Ryoko's
face as he continued, "you'll learn to drive a station wagon and join a
carpool, get a job to help support the kids, probably something in a
fast food restaurant at first and then..." He turned and saw that Ryoko
was gone. "Ryoko?"

        Ryoko slipped quietly into Ayeka's and Sasami's room. She quietly
removed the ring from her finger and placed it,quietly, on Ayeka's.
Then, she wrote a quick note and stuffed it into Ayeka's cleavage,
because she knew how much that was annoy Ayeka.

***

        "Tenchi!" Ayeka cried out, joyfully, as she ran down the stairs, her
steps lightened by her happiness. She threw her arms around him and
kissed him on the cheek.

        "Ayeka..." Tenchi looked around, hoping Ryoko wouldn't come in and see
this. "That's odd. Where's Ryoko?"

        "Ryoko's gone." Ayeka replied. Then she began to wonder why Ryoko had
fled when Tenchi was assuredly hers. "Um, Tenchi?" She asked, almost
fearfully, "What's a PTA meeting?"
