Bad Dream/new princess

        One day on planet Jurai, the princess Ayeka woke up. She found
everything normal as usual, a breakfast was laid on her vanity, probably
made
by her sister. Ayeka, had all the attention, and mostly everythng she
wanted.
But then awhile ago, she left, and went back to planet earth, to be w. the
love of her life Tenchi Masaki. When she got there however, Tenchi Masaki,
had chosen ot go to tokyo, pretty far away from where she was now. Some of
the other females on the household were also quite disturbed by this news.
But Tenchi left. Ayeka had happened to see him in tokyo through a portal,
but
it wasn;t what she expected. He had met another grl, Sakuya. One morning,
she
decided to sneak into tokyo, alone, she couldn't stand it anymore. When she
got there, which was around 12, she went straight to tenchi's apartment.
When
she got there she found a note: i ran away to jurai to be w. my princess. "o
tenchi, that's funny, i kinda wish it were true, but that;s really funny."
She waited 4 another 2 hours, Tenchi never came home. She went back to the
masaki residence. There she saw Ms.Washu. "ms.washu, i was wondering u know
that portal u built, well i was wondering could you get that to make a
connection to jurai?" "sure but y?" "i have forgotten my hairbrush there, a
very special hairbrush" "hmm, okay" an hour later washu fixed her portal.
Ayeka, climbed through. She came out in Jurai's royal ball room, obviously
where a ball was being held. <it feels so good to be back> she thot. She
walked around and then she saw him, tenchi. She ran towards him. "Tenchi! U
really have come back" Tenchi turned around. "huh? o, ayeka, what r u doing
here?" "This is my planet you silly person" Tenchi looked at ayeka
strangely.
"what do you mean, how dare you say that this planet belongs to the princess
of jerai, princess sakuya" Ayeka, froze in action, her mouth dropped open
wide. "wha--at?" how cna this be!?" Tenchi ayeka, you better return 2 earth
b4..." "guards please remove that women form my ballroom" Sakuya's spunky
ligter then air voice rang through her ears. Ayeka stepped 4ward. "this is
my
planet, who do u think you r!" "princess sakuya, and you r interfereing i
must have you leave" Ayeka, was furious, and scared" What was happening,
would her whole life come ot an end, tenchi hated her, and no longer wnated
her in his life. She couldn't go home, this was her home. The only person
she
could go to was...."ryoko, i must find ryoko" Ayeka, dashed away from
tenchi,
and slipped through the porthole,and arrived in the masaki house. "where
have
you been" the familiar voice of her worst enemy said. "Ryoko!" "hey ayeka,
what;s wrong w. you"  "o ryoko, sakuya, and tenchi, they are the rules of
jurai!" "what? ayeka, are you okay? We've been watching tenchi on washu;s
spy
camera and he;s in tokoy, not jurai" "wha?" Ayeka stood up. "it must have
been a dream" She sat donw and sipped some tea. <a bad dream> ayeka pinched
herself hard. she winced she felt the pain. this is no dream, i was in no
dream. This was no dream. Ayeka, climbed back up the porthole, her head was
in the middle of jurai;s ballroom. But it was empty. <somethng is wrong
here.
i know it, maybe ryoko is playing games w. me, maybe sakuya is not what i
think she is>
                                        and that is how the suspicion of
sakuya being evil came about
