Subject: fanfic
Date: Mon, 21 Dec 1998 15:42:41 EST
From: Ryoko39655@aol.com
To: gensao@geocities.com

dear gensao hearis our latest fanfic hope you like.

Max Gilliand & Rhys Doyle

Best Friends

I started packing my bag.  I was going to leave the career block that was held
in front of me for so very long.
" I will always remember you, Mihoshi" I said as I gave her a light kiss on
the forehead. Mihoshi slowly started to nibble on her pillow as I withdrew my
head from her forehead I started to giggle as a memory sufuced of a time when
she ate so much at a wedding that she looked as if she was pregnant. I giggled
even more when I thought about the time we were karyoke singing in the bar and
you could see the happiness in Mihoshi dense eyes. Or how about that time I
took that vacation time and Mihoshi was hiding in my luggage. Ha. And there
was that time at the waterpark she was so scared to go down that waterslide so
she spent the whole day in the kid's section. I slowly slid the door and
softly shut it and thought about the time Mihoshi gave up a raise because I
couldn't go with her that's when I realized I loved Mihoshi as a sister. I
dropped to my knees and started crying, "I love you Mihoshi."

Disclamer: As god is my witness I will not make a funny disclaimer,….., God?
God? Are you there , Helloooooo, Dammit well anyway these character belong to
AIC and Pioneer Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah
Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah
Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah
Blah Blah Blah That's it

Dear readers,
       Thanks to our new sponsor Earl Grey Tea it keeps us up all night to
keep us making these wonderful Fanfics . So if you want to write Fanfics and
write them well drink Earl Grey Tea. Ah now that shit is done we would like
you comments to see how we are progressing so PPPPPLLLLEEEEAAASSSEE mail us at
Blugoon@aol.com (don't tell the IRS) or Ryoko@Aol.com

Your worshipers
Rhys Doyle

Max Gilliland

