Best I Ever Had

Hello felllo readers! First of all to the people who made Tenchi Muyo and to
Vertical Horizon please don't sue me all I have is pocket change. Anyway I
thought this song would be best to use for Tenchi's feelings for Ryoko. Plus
it is one of my favorite slow songs. I hope you enjoy it. Also I do these
little kind of movie things at the middle or ending of the songfic to make
it better. If you like it tell me. If you don't help me figure out what I
did wrong because it will help me out on my other stories. The song is
suppose to take place When everybody leaves Tenchi on Tenchi Universe and he
misses Ryoko the most.



So you are so far away
Into the deep reaches of space
Now I'm here to stay
Being alone is so boring

Every thing is so quiet now
I just think of you now

It feels so bad
Because you could have been the best I ever had
I want you back so bad
Because you could have been the best I ever had

So I could have had your world
Now I'm just loser
Remebering Ryoko
Leaves me down and lonely

I wish I could see you again
So I can make myself feel better

It feels so bad
Because you could have been the best I ever had
I want you back so bad
Because you could have been the best I ever had

And it may take some time to patch me up inside
But, right now I can't take this pain from losing you
So I run away and hide
And I may find in time that
You could have been always mine
Just always mine

( God Ryoko I miss you so much. I wish I knew where you were so I can tell
you what I just figured out. That you could have been the best I ever had.
You could be with me right now if it wasn't for my stupid actions. Every
time I turn around I see images of you. They look so real every time I see a
image of you I run to hug you but, it is not you. Tenchi. Huh that voice?!
It sounds like Ryoko's voice. Tenchi it's me. Ryoko! I missed you so much.
I've missed you so much Ryoko. I've missed you to Tenchi. Where have you
been all this time Ryoko? That doesn't matter right now Tenchi all that
matters is that were together again. Yeah your right. Ryoko what I'm about
to tell you is what I should have told you a long time ago. What is it
Tenchi? Ryoko over the past months I've been thinking since the time you
have been gone and all that time you were gone My life was so lonely without
you and it made me relize that you were the best I could have ever had and
what I mean by that... well what I'm trying to say is... that I love you.
Oh! TENCHI! I LOVE YOU TO! I knew it when I first met you Tenchi that you
were only the best I would have in my life some day in my life).

So you came back
Into my lonely heart
Now you are here to stay
Life now is not boring

Now what is left now
Is to have a better chance to love you again

But, it's not bad at all
Because you are the best I ever have
Now that your back
You will always and only be the best I ever have
The best I ever have
The best.

End.



