The Best Kind of Friends
A Fanfic by EmpressGalaxia
Aw, hell, I still don’t own anybody.  Wassup wid dat?
This is after the episode "Ryoko Muyo".  Praise, flames, and crib notes for 
the latest Mass Media exam can be sent to fluffywoodchuckqueen@hotmail.com.

	So this is it; this is death.  I always thought I would go gloriously in 
the middle of battle.  Maybe a suicide right before the Galaxy Police arrest 
me.  Just something grand.  Unfortunately, it’s not happening like that.  
I’m dying alone in my spaceship.  No one will probably find me, and no one 
will care.
	Hopefully Tenchi will wonder what happened to me.
	But probably not.  He’ll most likely think that I ran away because he chose 
Aeka.  I’ve spent my life running; what would change that now?
	But now there’s no more time for thinking.  Every part of me feels heavy: 
my arms, my eyelids, my entire body.  Coldness rushes over me...I wonder if 
there’s an afterlife.  If there is, where would I go?  I’ll find out soon 
enough.   Goodbye everyone...
	I feel warmth.  Immense heat.  My forehead is soaked; I’m sweating.  My 
eyes slowly open and I see fire.
	So I’ve gone to Hell.
	I’ve handled myself in other situations, I suppose I can handle myself 
here.  Maybe I’ll take over.  From now on, children will be frightened by 
the monster Ryoko, and all the books will be rewritten so Hell will be ruled 
by me.  Not so bad.
	Right?
	I open my eyes further.  The fire is coming from a fireplace.  There’s a 
wet cloth on my forehead.  I look around and see a grand home.  I’m not in 
Hell; is this Heaven?  Who screwed up and sent me here?  I prop myself up on 
my elbows.  Pain.  I’m still alive.  This isn’t an afterlife; it’s life.  
But how did I get here?  And where is here?
	"You’re in a lot of pain.  Stay down or you’re just going to hurt yourself 
further."
	I know that woman’s voice, but it puzzles me that she’s my saviour.
	"Nagi?"
	"You guessed it."
	"Where are we?"
	"Although it’s probably stupid to bring you here, we’re at my home."
	"This is your home?"
	"You’d be surprised at how much money you can amass acting as a bounty 
hunter."
	"Maybe I should try it."
	"Absolutely not.  If I didn’t have a mortal enemy, where would I be?"
	Although I hate to take orders from her, I lie back down.  It hurt too much 
to try and move, anyway.
	"That’s better."  She walks into the room.  Yup, there’s the woman who has 
been my enemy for so many years, now handing me a cup of tea and a bowl of 
rice. "Here, you need this."
	"Thanks."
	It hurts to use my left arm for anything, even holding a bowl; I’d rather 
suffer than ask Nagi for help.  The food has given me a little strength, and 
I feel slightly better.  She trades the cloth on my head for a new, colder 
one.
	"How did I get here?"
	"Ken-Ohki heard a distress signal from Ryo-Ohki.  Like I said, I don’t want 
anyone else to have the honour of killing you.  So we found your ship and I 
decided to fix you up."
	"You’re saving me so you can kill me?"
	"That’s about right.  Plus, you’ll have the shame of knowing that I saved 
you."  She smiles smugly.  I’d like to hit the smile right off of her face, 
but doing so would hurt me more than her.  She’s right, I am ashamed right 
now.
	Dying alone in the expanse of space now seems like an attractive option.
	"Where are Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki?"
	"They’re somewhere around the house being small, cute animals.  Too bad 
we’re not friends, or they could spend more time together."
	I smile at the thought.  "Yeah, too bad."
	What are we?  We’re enemies with a respect for each other.  This is 
something very rare, in every stretch of the galaxy.  We’re enemies who save 
each other from dying at someone else’s hand, because we want to kill each 
other ourselves.
	Simply put, we’re the best kind of friends.
	Nagi just doesn’t know this yet.  Or maybe she does, and that’s why she 
saved me.
###########################################
	Days, weeks, months, I don’t know anymore, but time has passed.  I’m better 
than I was, and Nagi knows this because I refuse to let her help me in 
things that I can do by myself.  Pride, like always, has gotten me into 
trouble again.  Nagi will want to fight and try and kill me again now that 
she knows I’m in proper fighting condition.
	If I die, there’s someone I want to see first.
	Early in the morning, I hunt down Ryo-Ohki, and find her sleeping next to 
Ken-Ohki.  Poor thing.
	"Hey, Ryo-Ohki, kiss goodbye, because we’re out of here."
	She opens her eyes and gives me a sad, pleading look.  "Mow?"
	"Yeah, c’mon, we gotta go now."
	She stretches and licks Ken-Ohki on the head.  We sneak out of the mansion 
and I board Ryo-Ohki, now in spaceship form.
	"Let’s go to Earth, babe.  There’s someone we have to see!"
	"Mow!"
	We soar through space.
	Don’t worry, Nagi.  I know you’ll find me.  Or maybe I’ll hunt you down 
this time.  You know, we have to let our kids play together while we fight 
to the death.
	Too bad you never got to know Tenchi really well; I would have enjoyed 
fighting you for him.  It would have made a spectacular show.



