I don't own or profit from these characters.


The Blair Cabbit
By, Clayton Overstreet

  This is the story of a group of people who went into the woods for a 
weekend camping trip. Two days later they came home. This is their story. 
(At this point the author wishes to apologize. I've been watching Blair 
Witch 2 and decided to do a camping fic, figuring that you would think this 
was funny. I've been doing fan fics so long I have lost the ability to tell 
what's funny and what's stupid any more so please, ignore this and the title 
and enjoy the rest of the fic).

  "Lord Tenchi, could you please explain one more time why we are doing 
this?" Aeka asked as she walked through the woods with a huge back pack.
  Tenchi sighed. "Because we do it every year. Come on Aeka it isn't so bad 
once you get to the camp grounds."
  Ryoko smiled from beside her. "You could have stayed back at the house 
princess. I know how much hard work is detested by you royal types."
  Sasami looked up at Ryoko. "Hey! Tenchi, Yosho, and I aren't complaining 
Ryoko."
  Ryoko smiled. "No you aren't Sasami. In fact the only whiner in the group 
is grape head over here."
  Aeka's face turned red. "Why you insolent..."
  Tenchi cut her off. "Now come on you two. We still have five miles to go 
before we get there so why don't you both just focus on walking?"
  Ryoko smiled. "Alright Tenchi." She picked up her pace to walk besides him 
and whispered. "I think this could be fun. You and me... alone in the 
woods... We could have alot of fun."
  Tenchi's face turned red and a drop of blood dripped dowen his lip. "Well 
um, why don't we um just walk for now. O.k. Ryoko?" He looked at her 
nervously.
  She smiled at him and nodded. "O.K. Tenchi." She picked up her pace and 
passed him, trying to catch up with Yosho, Noboyuki, and Mihoshi, who were 
up ahead.
  Next to Sasami Washu smiled and shook her head. "That girl is just 
hopeless. What do you think Ryo-oki?"
  Ontop of Sasami's head Ryo-oki meowed and winked at her. From up ahead 
Ryo0ko turned around and yelled back to them, "I heard that Washu!"
  Aeka frowned watching the entire exchange. It bothered her that for a 
while now Ryoko had been the only one who could make Tenchi's nose bleed 
like that. She began mumbling to herself, "I don't like it, she's getting 
him to like her better. It's not fair OW! I hate these stickers and I can't 
stand this dirt that's gettting on my robe."
  Tenchi didn't hear her unfortunately, but Sasami did. "Aeka, we told you 
to wear pants."
  Aeka shook her head. "I would never stoop to wearing such common clothes." 
Stummbling she tried to catch up with Tenchi.

  When they arrived at the campgrounds Kiyone was already there, setting up 
her tent. When they others came around the bend in the road she waved and 
called out.
"This is great Tenchi. It reminds me of my survival training in the GP."
  Tenchi smiled and set his pack down. "Glad to hear it Kiyone."
  Noboyuki, Yosho, and Mihoshi began setting up their tents.
  "Gosh Kiyone, you look like you haven't even broken a sweat." Mihoshi 
said.
  Kiyone smiled. "Well I try to keep up on my training. Unlike some people 
who sleep whenever they have a free moment."
  Mihoshi blushed. "But didn't you say I look cute when I sleep?"
  Kiyone blushed and mummbled something about Mihoshi also not blabbing so 
much in her sleep. Mihoshi hugged her, then got back to setting up her tent.
  The other girlss came around the corner next, looking tired and sweaty. 
Aeka had her nose curled in disgust, but the others, though tired, seemed in 
good spirits.
  Tenchi looked around. "Hey, where's Ryoko?"
  Kiyone smiled. "She popped in a while ago. If you really want to knwo 
where she is..." Her gaze moved up into the trees.
  Tenchi looked up and saw Ryoko dozing in the trees. He smiled fondly. "I 
should have guessed."
  Aeka saw the look on his face and growled in her thoat. "Rotten demon..." 
Just because Tenchi had told everyone that he liked Ryoko didn't mean Aeka 
had accepted it.
  Tenchi and the other guys set up their tents and then began to help the 
other girls set theirs up too. Sasami smiled up at Tenchi. "This is fun. And 
it's so beutiful around here. Why do we need these tents Tenchi?"
  Tenchi smiled. "Well it get's cold at night Sasami. And there could be 
predators in the woods at night so you can't be too careful."
  Sasami looked around worriedly. "Predators?"
  Tenchi smiled. "Don't worry, they usually don't come near the camp site." 
He looked over at his dad. "Will you put the video cammera down for a while 
dad? Washu seems to be having trouble with her pup tent."
  Washu was struggling to figure out the small tent, but she didn't want any 
of the others to know that. "I'll get it in a second. I am the smartest 
person in the universe after all." After a while though she gave up and 
threw it on the ground. "Oh forget it. I could probably make a better one 
anyeway." As the tent hit the ground it popped open. Washu smiled. "That 
works too."
  Yosho grinned and began the camp fire. "Tenchi, find some branches."
  Tenchi nodded. "All right grandpa." Turning he walked into the woods.
  Aeka looked around. "So what are we eating tonight? We didn't bring any 
food with us except a few sandwiches and snack food."
  Sasami looked up at her. "That's why we brought the fishing poles Aeka. 
Tenchi says there is a stream around here where we can catch some fish to 
eat."
  Aeka curled her lip. "You mean we have to catch and gut them and there 
isn't even a sink to wash up in?"
  Noboyuki smiled at her. "Don't worry. We can wash up in the stream. It's 
fresh mountain water."
  Aeka sighed and sat down on a log. "I don't know what's so great about 
this nature stuff."
  Kiyone looked at her. "Um... Aeka you really shouldn't sit there."
  Aeka looked up. "Why not?"
  "Because there are ants living in it." Kiyone said.
  Aeka looked down and saw tiny insects crawling up her dress. Her lip 
twitched slightly and then she let out a long scream. "Ahhhhhhhh!"

  Tenchi looked up. "Was that Aeka?" He listneed again and heard Aeka's 
voice. "Ew! Get them off! Get these nasty little bugs off of me!"
  Tenchi smirked and shook his head. He had almost suggested that she stay 
behind, but she had insisted on accompanying them and he hadn't had the 
heart to turn her down. Especially with how upset she'd been when he had 
told everyone he had chosen Ryoko.
  Sighing he leaned down to pick up another branch when he heard a new 
sound. A soft laugh from somewhere to his left. He looked over and saw 
nobody there. That meant only one thing. "Hello Ryoko, finished your nap 
already?"
  Tenchi felt invisible aroms wrap around him. "You know me so well Tenchi." 
She kissed his cheek. "So what are you doing?"
  Tenchi blushed at the kiss and her closeness to him, "I am getting some 
wood for the fire later."
  Ryoko looked around curiously. "Well there is plenty of wood. I'll just 
blast down one of these trees."
  Tenchi shook his head. "No! We can't do that. The trees are what we come 
here for. Think you could help me gather up some more of these dead 
branches?"
  Ryoko sighed, then nodded. "All right Tenchi. That shoudl kill some time."
  He smiled at her. "Well we'll be fishing a little later. That should be 
fun, right?"
  Ryoko smiled and nodded. "Right. You know Tenchi for the years I saw you 
growing up in the cave, all I ever really wanted to do was play with you."
  Tenchi picked up another stick and looked at her. "What do you mean 
exactly Ryoko?"
  She smiled gathering up a stick of her own. "I don't know. Growing up I 
never really had the chance to play any games. Even hide and seek would have 
been fun. That's why I tease you so much..." She looked down. "But I'm just 
being silly."
  Tenchi walked over and looked into her eyes. "It's not silly Ryoko. I 
wouldn't mind playing those kind of games with you."
  Ryoko smiled at him evily. "I could probably think of some more 
interesting games Tenchi." She ran a finger down his cheek getting a slight 
blush from him.
  "I'm sure of it Ryoko, but lets wait on that." Tenchi said.
  Ryoko smiled and stepped back. "O.K. Tenchi. Anyway we should probably 
hurry up and get the wood we need before Aeka starts storming through the 
woods looking for us and screaming about us doing inappropriate things."
  Tenchi smiled. "You don't actually think she'd do that do you." Ryoko 
looked him right in the eye and he nodded. "We'd better hurry up just in 
case."

  After they got back with the wood Noboyuki suggested that they all go 
fishing.
  Ryoko started to call Ryo-oki over but the cabbit hid in Sasami's arms. 
Sasami laughed. "Looks like you are going to have to use bait  like the rest 
of us Ryoko."
  Ryoko groaned and grabbed her fishing pole. "Fine!" She stuck her tongue 
out at Ryo-oki and the cabbit did the same to her. Everyone laughed and 
walked to the stream.
  Noboyuki sat down and opened his tackle box. "Alright, I have worms, 
cheese, trout eggs, and lures. Who wants what?"
  Sasami smiled. "I think I'll use the cheese." Noboyuki handed her the 
small container.
  Yosho rubbed his chin. "I'll use that shiny lure there."
  Tenchi got the eggs, Washu got the worm shaped lure, Mihoshi and Kiyone 
each got a bell lure, while Noboyuki took the last one for himself.
  "I think I'll just use my hands." Ryoko said and waded into the stream.
  Noboyuki smiled and handed Aeka a styrophome container. "Looks like you 
get the worms Aeka."
  Aeka opened the top. "What are worms?" She looked inside at the coffee 
ground. Suddenly a huge nightcrawler peeked out and tried to crawl onto her 
hand. "Ah!"
  Tenchi smiled. "Here you go Aeka, let me show you how to do this."
  While the others started fishing Tenchi showed Aeka how to put the worms 
on the hook and cast. When he was sure Aeka had it he turned to pick up his 
own pole. He cast it into the water. After a minute he felt somethign 
tugging on the end of his line.
  He began reeling it in, but it felt like it was hooked on something. 
Tugging with all his might he suddenly felt it come loose and reeled it in. 
When he did there was a bra hanging on the end of his hook.
  "Ahem." Tenchi looked up and saw Ryoko covering herself. "Tenchi if you 
wanted it that badly all you had to do was ask."
  Tenchi blushed and handed her her bra. As she took it two trout flopped 
out and landed in the stream. Ryoko laughed and smiled at him. "I think I 
should move upstream a bit."
  Tenchi nodded. "Good idea Ryoko."
  From behind him Aeka made a startled noise. "I think I caught one!" She 
began reeling it in and on her hook was a big fish. It flopped around on the 
hook while she pulled it in. Aeka was trying to unhook it when she saw blood 
coming out of it's gills. "Oh, gross!"
  Noboyuki helped her unhook it and put the fish away in the bucket. After a 
while the bucket was full and they headed back towards the camp grounds.
  Yosho had volunteered to do the gutting while Noboyuki cooked. Sasami had 
tried to volunteers but the others had totally refused.
  "This is supposed to be a vacation Sasami. you do so much for us you 
deserve a break." Kiyone said.
  Mihoshi nodded. "Right. And anyway it's too late now, right."
  Sasami nodded and hugged Ryo-oki. "I guess you're right."
  When theyfhis were done Yosho passed them out to everyone and they all 
began eating.
  "Mmm, this tastes great grandpa." Tenchi said.
  Yosho smiled and ate his without Saying a word. After a minute Ryoko 
turned to Tenchi, "Look at that sunset Tenchi. Isn't it beutiful?"
  Tenchi smiled and nodded. "It sure is. I always like coming out here. But 
wait until the stars come out tonight, that's really something."
  Aeka sighed and picked at her food. Sasami looked over at her and asked, 
"What's wrong Aeka?"
  Aeka looked at her sadly. "I feel kind of left out. Sasami. I mean Yosho 
and Noboyuki have eachother to talk to, you have Ryo-oki, Mihoshi has 
kiyone, and Ryoko has Tenchi..." She bit her lip. "I just feel like I'm not 
as imortant as I used to be."
  Sasami put a hand on Aeka's knee. "Don't worry Aeka. You're still my 
sister and I couldn't get along without you. None of us could."
  Ryoko smiled and nodded at the princess. "Yeah. I mean if you and I didn't 
fight so much what would we do all day?"
  Aeka smiled at the others. They all smiled back and she felt alot better. 
"Thank you... all of you."
  Together they all sat back and watched as the sun sank below the horizon. 
When the last bit of orange disapeared from the sky Noboyuki taught everyone 
how to make smores.
  After a while Tenchi and the others dedcided to call it a night. Each 
going to their own tents they curled up and went to sleep. Ryoko went to the 
tree where she set her things up and lay back staring at the stars.
  "Tenchi was right, they really are quite beutiful." Ryoko whispered.

  That night Tenchi was awakened by the sound of the zipper of his tent 
opening, Looking up he saw two glowing yellow eyes. "Ryoko what are you 
doing?"
  Ryoko held out her hand and summoned an energy ball. Tenchi's eyes widend 
in shock, then slowly, ever so slowly he started to laugh.
Ryoko stood their dripping wated from her soaked hair and pouting slightly. 
"It's not funny! I was laying up in my tree and suddenly it started 
raining."
  Tenchi managed to stop snickering and said. "yeah, this time of year we 
get those occasional showers."
  Ryoko frowned. "I just wanted to see if I could sleep in here with you 
tonight. I won't do anythng."
  Tenchi smiled and opened his sleeping bag. "All right Ryoko. Take off 
those wet clothes and hop in."
  Ryoko smiled and phased out of her clothing letting it and the water drip 
to the ground. Tenchi looked away until she was in the sleeping bag with 
him. "Thank you Tenchi. But you know eventually you are going to have to be 
able to look at me naked."
  Tenchi blushed. "I'm working on it."
  Ryoko sighed. "You are going to make me feel like I'm not attractive."
  Tenchi turned and looked into her eyes. "Of course you're attractive 
Ryoko."
  Ryoko smiled and leaned forward. "Then how about a kiss goodnight my 
Tenchi?"
  Tenchi smiled and kissed Ryoko on the lips. She kissed him back, wrapping 
her arms around him. Finally they broke apart and Ryoko lay her head against 
his chest. "Thank you Tenchi. I love you."
  "I love you too Ryoko." Putting his arm around her Tenchi closed his eyes 
and lay his head against her soft hair. Within a few moments they were both 
asleep again.

  Yawning Tenchi opened his eyes. The first thing he noticed was Ryoko still 
asleep next to him. Smiling he kissed her on the lips. "Wake up Ryoko."
  Ryoko's eyes opened and she smiled at him. "Good morning Tenchi."
  Both of them got up. Ryoko put her now dry clothes back on while When they 
went outside most of the others were already up and eating breakfast. When 
Aeka saw them she was stunned. "Lord Tenchi, you didn't..."
  Tenchi blushed and Ryoko smirked. "Now come on Aeka. This is Tenchi you're 
talking about."
  Aeka thought about it, then nodded. "I apologize. I should not have jumped 
to conclusions."
  "Yet..." Ryoko said. Aeka shot her a wicked glance but when the others 
laughed she decided to let it drop.
  The rest of the morning went by fast with everyone enjoying themselves. 
Tenchi had suggested a game of hide and seek, much to Ryoko's delight. The 
others had been uncertain at first, but then decided to give it a try. Ryoko 
actually volunteered to be it the first time, then took her turns at hiding. 
Finally at about four o'clock Noboyuki announced that it was time to walk 
back.
  "What? After we spent half the day yesterday walking with these packs on 
our backs?" Aeka complained.
  "We have to Aeka. Dad and I have work in the morning." Noboyuki said.
  The others ignored her and began packing up their things. The walk home 
took well over four hours and the sun had set again by the time they saw 
their house. As they started towards it Ryoko appeared behind Tenchi. "You 
know Tenchi, now that I've proven I can behave myself do you think I can 
sleep with you from now on? It get's so lonely on that beam."
  Tenchi smiled. "I guess it would be alright. Just don't try pushing it 
o.k.?"
  Ryoko nodded and hugged him. "No problem Tenchi."
Together they turned and walked back towards the house.

The End

Author's note
  So what did you think? It was just something I wanted to do. If you liked 
it email me at clayton_n@hotmail.com If not then you don't have to read it.
