                        Blowing Up The House

                A Tenchi Muyo! Spamfic with a message

                          by Bob T. Mi-go
                    C&C to fanfics@bobtmigo.com


            Tenchi Muyo! and its characters, in all their
               incarnations, are created and owned by
                          AIC and Pioneer.


        Mihoshi and Aeka held the wooden pillar vertically while Ryoko,
screaming "Hii-yaaa!", flew down and hammered it into the ground with a
single double-fisted blow.
        Aeka stretched wearily. "Nobuyuki, how many more of these are
there? We could really use a break, you know."
        Nobuyuki looked up from the stack of planks he was planing.
"Just 2 more, then we can start on the walls. Hang in there. I know
it's hard work, but you never know when the next one's going to turn
up."
	"I'd like to know how we got into this mess," Ryoko said.
"Seems like these days we have to rebuild the house twice a day or
more. It's getting tiresome."
        "We wouldn't have to if you two didn't spend all your time
fighting," Tenchi said, startling the others.
	"What are we supposed to do about it?" Ryoko said. "We don't
write the stupid stories. I mean, this isn't even in our contract! Blow
up Tenchi's school and crash a few spaceships, sure. But nothing about
trashing the house! That's Mihoshi's department."
        "Hey, I only did it once!"
        Aeka leaned against the newly-positioned pillar. "Honestly,
this is ridiculous. Through all thirteen OAV episodes, the TV series,
three movies, and--as far as we know--all of Shin, Ryoko and I never
once destroyed the house. Well, maybe a couple of broken windows and
things in the early episodes. Yet every time a fanfic comes along
KABOOM! the house is in pieces and Tenchi is threatening to throw us
out."
        "It's okay, girls," Tenchi said, "you know I wouldn't do that
to you for real. Honestly, it's getting to the stage where you can't
find a new fanfic where the two of you haven't trashed the place at
least once. Where on earth do these writers get their ideas?"
        "Not from watching the show, that's for sure," Ryoko said.
        Katsuhito came running down the path, binoculars in hand. "Look
out! Incoming fanfic!"
        Ryoko threw aside the wooden pillar she was carrying. "For
goodness sake, that's the third this morning! Sheesh...Aeka, are you
ready for the worst?"
        "Let's see. Logs, charged and ready. Azaka and Kamidake, ready
to pounce. Forcefield, ready. Corny, worn-out, cliched dialog, ready.
Yes, I'm all set, Ryoko. Let's hope that this time we won't need them."
        "Yeah. You know, I hope AIC make the third OAV series soon.
It'll be nice to get back to normal and not be at each other's throats
all the time."
        "Right."

                                END





