Okay dude... I've gotten nothing but positive feedback from each of my
prereaders.  Each of them, as well as myself, think that aside from a
good story, this is a remarkably original concept.  But then again, if
you'd prefer to not use it, that's cool, too.  I just think that a lot
of people would find the idea intriguing.  Heh, besides... if you let
"What the Hell is This?" and "Washu's Name is Spelled with One U,
Dammit!" be on your site, you should let anything on.  Man, was I upset
when Washuu-chan was killed... but anyway, here we go.  And hey, if you
feel like giving me some feedback on this, my first fanfic, yourself...
go right ahead.  I would consider it an honor to be critiqued by the
site owner :)

“Instant MST”

by Buckeroo

Disclaimer:  Aside from the two main MSTers, Buck and Tyler, I do not
own any character contained within this fanfic (and technically, I’m
only a co-owner of Tyler.  I didn’t create the character, but I have
been granted carte blanche by his official creator).  They are owned by
their respective companies, be it AIC/Pioneer or Toei/Funimation.  Of
course, if I had the ability to pay those companies for use of their
characters, I wouldn’t need this disclaimer.

I’m going to assume that most of you have no idea what this concept is.
 And with good reason.  The concept is mine, and has not been explained
to very many thus far.  This story is what I like to call an “Instant
MST.”  It is so named because the fic that is being given the treatment
is one that I have written myself.  As the fic was being written, I
MSTed it.  Hence it has not been seen before, and would be MSTed
instantly.  “Instant MST.”  Enjoy!  Well, I hope you’ll enjoy,
anyway...
------------------------------------------------------------------------
(The scene before you is a very familiar one indeed.  There are many
scientific instruments and methods of data collection sitting around an
extremely large room.  There is also a rather short figure in a lab
coat sitting at a holo-top computer, wild pink hair cascading down her
back.  Suddenly, the figure whirls around to face the camera and
proffers her hand to its operator.)

Washuu:  Ah, welcome to my lab, Mister...
Cameraman:  Tyler.  Tyler G. Dunning.  Might I ask why I’m here?
Washuu:  Well, I needed a cameraman to document this experiment.  At
least for a few days until I can repair the damage Mihoshi did to my
surveillance system.  Why are you, specifically, here?  You came highly
recommended by my test subject as the best cameraman in the business.
Tyler:  You don’t mean...

(Washuu pushes a button on her holo-top.  A door opens which leads to a
small room.  In this room is a 25-inch color TV with VCR, a beat up
leather sofa, and a man with electrodes attached at strategic points on
his body.  As the door opens, this man turns around.)

Man:  Well, hey there Tyler!  Long time no see!
Tyler:  Buck?

(That’s right.  Some of you may recognize this man, but most of you, of
course, will not.  This is Buck “The Hustler” Floyd, icon of the
e-wrestling world.)

BF:  You’re darn right, Detached Narrator Thingy.  But since I retired
from a back injury, I’ve been on the lookout for things to keep me
occupied.
Tyler:  And you just happened to stumble upon this.
BF:  Stumble, hell.  I had to beg Washuu-chan to let me do this.
Tyler:  I don’t understand.  Isn’t Washuu always looking for test
subjects?

(Tyler gets smacked in the back of the head by Buck just before Tyler
gets a violent electric shock courtesy of Washuu.)

BF&Washuu:  That’s Washuu-CHAN!
Tyler (who coughs up smoke):  Point well made.
Washuu:  Now, ordinarily I am, yes.  But Mr. Floyd here has an
endurance level that far exceeds that of normal people.  It took some
convincing on his part for this arrangement to come about.
BF:  Luckily I’ve always been a master debater.

(Tyler snickers.)

BF:  What?
Tyler:  Nothing.
BF:  Right.  Well you see, the only argument I needed was that, if she
was able to break my will, then others should pose no problem.
Washuu:  He made a lot of sense, so I went along with it.
Tyler:  Okay.  So I have one final question.  What kind of experiment
is this?
Washuu:  I love using a tried and true method just as much as I like
using new and bizarre ones.  He will be subjected to fanfiction.
BF:  Bring it on!
Tyler:  Well, good luck with that...
Washuu:  And you’re going to join him.
Tyler:  What?
Washuu:  You’re a cameraman.  That’s why you’re here, to record the
experiment.  Didn’t we go over this?
Tyler:  I didn’t think I would be forced to participate.

(Tyler, you dolt.  When was the last time you saw a fic MSTed by one
guy?)

Tyler:  But don’t we get a ship, with a theater, or something?
Washuu:  That all depends on how well you three do in there.  If we get
enough positive feedback and good results from this, you will be
rewarded.  Until then, here’s the tape.

(Washuu pulls out a videocassette and slides it into the VCR.)

BF:  Hold it... a second ago, you said “you three.”  There are two of
us.
Washuu:  Oh, I almost forgot!  To sweeten the deal, every time you
watch a fanfic, you get to invite a special guest.  Buck, since you’re
the official guinea pig here, you can choose the first one.
BF:  We’ll obviously need someone with experience.  And for this first
time, I can only think of one person.  Prince Vegeta!
Washuu:  Done.

(A column of light appears on the beat-up sofa next to Buckeroo.
Slowly, Vegeta materializes in this position.)

Vegeta:  What the...
Washuu:  Welcome, Vegeta.  You’re here because...
Vegeta:  Let me guess... I’m watching fanfiction, aren’t I?
Tyler:  Wow, he does have experience with this.
Vegeta:  *sigh*  I knew it.  Well, let’s go then.
BF:  About time.  It took us too long to just get the fic started.
Washuu:  Don’t worry.  Subsequent experiments will have no use for this
much exposition and back story.

(Washuu presses play on the VCR, checks Buck’s connections, then leaves
and seals the room.  As if anybody cares, the seating arrangements from
left to right are Buck, Vegeta, and Tyler.)

Double Date

Vegeta:  Hey, there’s no lemon warning.  We got lucky.
Tyler:  Speak for yourself, Vegeta.
Washuu (on intercom):  This being your first fic, I thought it would be
appropriate to take it easy on you.

        The day started out as any other in the Masaki household.

Vegeta (Ayeka):  Demon!
Tyler (Ryoko):  Priss!
BF:  Ladies, please!  Stop it!
Tyler:  Why weren’t you impersonating Tenchi?
BF:  Because I really want you two to stop it.

Basically, Ayeka and Ryoko were blowing up small portions of said
household while loud explosions and cackling sounds were coming from
Washuu’s lab.

Tyler:  Washuu’s name is spelled with one “u” dammit!
(Buck slaps Tyler in the back of the head.)
Tyler:  Hey!  What was that for?
BF:  Two reasons, really.  First of all, two “u”s is an acceptable
spelling and the one being used by our very own author.  Two... I don’t
EVER want to be reminded of that particular fanfic ever again.

Tenchi was still in bed, struggling to stay asleep amid all the
commotion.

Vegeta (Tenchi):  Damn commotions, how many times have I told you to
stay out of my room?

It was no use, however.  So he got up, got dressed, and headed
downstairs.  As he came to a spot where the two bickering women could
see him, he was immediately ambushed.
        “Tenchi...” Ryoko said seductively,

Tyler:  I thought she said “Tenchi.”

“You’ve been stringing us along for far too long now.  Both of us think
that you should choose, and choose now.”
        “Yes, Tenchi-sama.  For once, the monster woman and I are in
agreement.”

BF (Ayeka):  We preferred the fat Elvis on our postage stamp.  Sure he
wasn’t as attractive, but we’d rather not sugar-coat the truth.

        And with the amazing brand of logic that one perceives themselves as
having at that age, Tenchi could only respond, “I don’t know how you
expect me to choose either of you.  First of all, you’re always
fighting over me.  That is not the way to capture my heart.  Besides, I
never have the opportunity to spend enough time alone with either one
of you to really get to know you.  Either Ayeka is barging in and
interrupting Ryoko and I together, or vice versa.”

Vegeta:  Did that whole thing make any sense to either of you?
(Buck and Tyler shrug.)
Vegeta:  I didn’t think so.

        “But Tenchi, why is it my fault that this snobby princess is always
spoiling our time alone together?” cooed Ryoko.
        “No Ryoko, you’re just as bad.  You can’t stand to see me with
Ayeka,
can you?” replied a slightly-upset Tenchi.

Tyler:  And if she can’t, what’s the big deal?  I can’t stand to see
him with Ayeka either, and I’m not even trying to get into his pants.
BF:  AHRLI...
Tyler:  And proud of it!

        Ryoko was crushed

Vegeta:  Splat!

to hear this and was just about to plead her case when suddenly and
without warning, Washuu came through the door under the stairs.

Tyler:  Without warning?  Isn’t that always how she shows up?

        “Good morning, everyone!” greeted Washuu cheerily.

Vegeta:  I thought her last name was Hakubi.
BF:  Depends what continuity this is.  Could be Kobayashi, too.
Vegeta:  Coming from under the stairs of the Masaki home, it couldn’t
be.
BF:  Good point.

“As you know, I’ve got monitors all over the house.  Well, I couldn’t
help but overhear your dilemma, Tenchi, and I believe I have a
solution.”

Vegeta:  Of course you do.
Tyler (Tenchi):  This isn’t another ploy to juice me, is it?

        “We’re all ears, Ms. Washuu,” said Ayeka.

BF:  That’s Washuu-CHAN!
Tyler:  Relax.  I think Ayeka can get away with that for some reason.
BF:  But if anybody deserves to get smacked around to correct that
glaring oversight, it’s Ayeka.

        “It’s only a suggestion, of course, but if you each set up a private
date with Tenchi, he’ll get to know each of you as you really are when
you’re not fighting over him.”
        “Mom, that’s brilliant!” cried Ryoko.

BF:  Of course it’s brilliant, it’s Washuu-chan’s plan, isn’t it?
Vegeta:  Well, we know what continuity we’re working in now.
Tyler:  But what does Ryoko have to be sad about?
Vegeta:  Are you kidding?  Look who her mother is.
BF:  Vegeta, if you weren’t a Super Saiyan I’d smack the hell out of
you for that comment.

        “But how do we decide who goes first?” queried Ayeka.
        “Oh, that’s the easy part.  We’ll just use an ancient Earth custom.
Ryoko, make a fist.  Ayeka, you do the same.”
        “All right, we get to fight it out!” exclaimed Ryoko.
        “Don’t jump to conclusions, dear.  Ayeka, Ryoko, put your fists out
in
between yourselves.  Good.  Now then, this is how it’s going to work.
I’m going to give you a signal, and you’re either going to keep your
fist as a fist, hold out two fingers, or open your hand completely.

Vegeta:  Oh kami, they’re on the Ginyu Force!
Tyler:  Oh, don’t tell me what’s coming...

The open hand beats the fist, the fist beats the two fingers,

Tyler:  Ha-ha!  Ah-hah, that’s hilarious!
BF:  Hentai...
Tyler:  And again, I’m proud of it.
Vegeta:  Since when does an open hand slap beat a closed fist?

and the two fingers beats the open hand,” Washuu explained.  “That is
because each hand signal represents a common object... a sheet of
paper, a rock, or a pair of scissors.  Scissors cuts paper, paper
covers rock, rock smashes scissors.  Get it?”
        “Yes,” the two girls and Tenchi replied in unison.

Tyler:  Aren’t they in Japan?

        Washuu continued, “Whoever wins the throw gets to go out with Tenchi
first.  Sound fair?”
        “I like it, let’s go!” said Ryoko eagerly.
        “Yes, let’s,” agreed Ayeka.
        “Don’t I get a say in this?” asked Tenchi.
        “Let me put it this way,” responded Washuu.  “You can either go
along
with this and choose based on the girls’ true personalities, or you can
continue letting them fight over you.”
        “On second thought, let’s do this thing,” Tenchi said.
        Ryoko and Ayeka each put a hand out.  Washuu called out “Jan...
ken...
pon!” then signaled the girls to make their choice.

BF:  Either somebody’s played Parappa the Rapper a few too many times,
or he knows more Japanese than he’s letting on.
Vegeta:  Parappa.
Tyler:  Parappa.
BF:  That’s what I thought.

Once they did, it was observed that Ayeka had chosen paper and Ryoko
had chosen rock.  Ayeka laughed demurely

Vegeta:  As is her way. *rolls eyes*
Tyler (Ayeka):  You shall bow to my power and know my name!  I am the
great white serpent!
BF:  No!  No quoting Naga in this... um, theater.

and said, “Looks like I won.  Tenchi-sama, I’ll expect you to be in
your best clothes by 8:00 tonight.  I’m taking you to the opera.”

BF (Tenchi):  Okay, black jeans and sandals it is!
Tyler:  The opera?  Pff, figures.

        “The opera?  You’re joking, right?” said a worried Tenchi.
        “I never jest, Tenchi-sama.  The opera is perfect for people with
our
social standing.  Just think... all those lucky opera-goers will get to
associate with Juraian royalty.  I won’t take no for an answer, just be
ready by 8:00.”
        “Swell...” sighed Tenchi.

Tyler:  Correct me if I’m wrong, but uh... aren’t most humans oblivious
to the fact that Jurai even exists in this continuity?
BF:  No need for corrections.
Vegeta:  That should be the title of most fics I’ve seen...

        Ayeka walked off to make preparations for the night, while Ryoko
excused herself to make plans for the following evening.  Tenchi
sighed.  “It’s going to be a looooong weekend,” he was heard to remark
on his way to the carrot fields.  Washuu shrugged and went back to
something far more important... well, to her anyway.

BF:  Hey now, everything Washuu-chan does is important, if only because
she’s doing it.
Tyler:  Well, you’re not obsessed by any means of the word, are you?
Vegeta:  I was wondering why anybody would be begging Washuu to
experiment on them.
BF:  That’s Washuu-CH...
Vegeta:  You slap me in the head and it will be the last thing you ever
do.
BF:  Actually, if I slapped you in the head I’m pretty sure I could eke
out a laugh before you fry me.

        At eight o’clock that night

Tyler:  And it’s the amazing format change!

Tenchi and Ayeka left the Masaki residence decked out in their most
expensive finery.

BF:  Tenchi is basically a farmer, how expensive can his clothes be?

Ayeka had somehow managed to snag them a pair of box seats to Carmen.
Since Tenchi could not understand French, Ayeka explained the story to
him... about how a beautiful Spanish woman had two suitors, Don Jose
and a handsome toreador, requesting her hand.

Vegeta (Tenchi):  Gee, this sounds a little familiar.

Because of his infatuation with Carmen, he flew into a jealous rage
when he saw her with the toreador.

Vegeta (Tenchi):  Now, I KNOW I’ve heard this story somewhere before...

The climax of the opera comes when Don Jose kills Carmen, then himself
as well.

Vegeta (Tenchi):  Well, I don’t know where I remember this from, but I
hope it doesn’t end up like this opera.

Though it is a wonderfully fascinating story, Tenchi was not paying
attention.

Tyler:  So Attention sent two goons to break Tenchi’s thumbs.

He was lost in thought, contemplating what a future with Ayeka would be
like.

BF (Tenchi):  Nooooooooo!!!

He honestly could not see himself doing this kind of thing on a regular
basis.  Born and bred a country boy, he felt uncomfortable around the
upper-class society he saw everywhere he looked at the opera house.
        Finally, the opera was over.  Tenchi breathed a sigh of relief as he
and the princess rose from their seats.  His relief was to be
short-lived, however, as Ayeka immediately confronted him with the
question he’d dreaded hearing since day one.

Tyler (Ayeka):  Does this kimono make me look fat?
Vegeta (Ayeka):  Do you like my new hairdo?
BF (Ayeka):  How would you like to meet my parents?
All:  Brr... Azusa and Misaki... what a combination.

        “Tenchi-sama... do you love me?”
        “I beg your pardon?”
        “Do you love me?” Ayeka repeated.
        “Well, uh... sure.  But I love all my friends... Mihoshi, Washuu,
Sasami...”

BF (checking watch):  Well, at least Mihoshi and Sasami were MENTIONED
in the fic.

        “You know what I mean, Tenchi.  There’s no need for that monster
woman
to have her chance with you tomorrow night, is there?” asked Ayeka.
        “Now Ayeka... we have to be fair about this.  No matter which of you
I
choose, you each deserve a chance,” defended Tenchi.
        “But...”
        “I don’t want to hear another word about it, Ayeka.  Let’s just go
home.  I have a lot of work to do at the carrot patch tomorrow.”

BF:  Number one, since when did Tenchi grow a spine?
Tyler:  And secondly... yeah, he has a LOT of work to do “At the Carrot
Patch,” heh heh...
Vegeta:  You’ve been begging for this since we got here, and bringing
up that fic is the straw that broke the camel’s back...
Tyler:  Would it help if I said I’m sorry?
Vegeta:  Not a bit!
Tyler:  Um... Buck?  Help?
BF:  I would, but I don’t think Vegeta needs much help beating the hell
out of you.
Tyler:  Thanks a lot...
Vegeta:  Final Flash!
(There is a bright flash and the camera feed is suddenly cut.  It comes
back a few minutes later.  The fic has been paused, and Washuu is seen
through a cracked lens.)
Washuu:  Well, I finally got it working again.  Vegeta, the next time
you feel like blasting this pervert, at least make sure he’s not
holding the camera at the time.  This is delicate equipment, and I need
this recorded.
Vegeta:  Consider it done.
Washuu:  We’ll just pick up where we left off, shall we?
(Washuu un-pauses the fic and again leaves the MSTers on their own.
Minus Tyler, who is currently unconscious and embedded in the wall.)

        “Very well, Tenchi-sama,” Ayeka agreed as they started on their way
home.  All the while, Ayeka was thinking, “I have shown Tenchi-sama his
destiny tonight.  There is no doubt that he shall choose me.  It was
clearly meant to be.”

BF:  And one and one and one is three.
Vegeta:  Got to be good looking ‘cause he’s so hard to see.
Both (singing):  Come together... right now... over me.

        Once they arrived at the front door of their home, Tenchi kissed
Ayeka’s hand and said, “Thank you for a lovely evening.”

BF:  What?  No!
Vegeta:  I’m sure he’s just being a gentleman.  Calm down, Buck.

        Ayeka’s heart fluttered as she blushed a deep crimson and promptly
excused herself from Tenchi’s presence.  “I knew it!” she thought to
herself.  “I knew Tenchi-sama loved me!”

Vegeta:  Vanity, they name is Ayeka Jurai.

        As Tenchi wearily walked into his bedroom mumbling something about
the
plot to the opera seeming very familiar,

BF:  Well there you go, Vegeta.

he noticed a small envelope lying on his pillow.  Opening it, he found
this note:
        Tenchi,
                I know it’s a little early yet, but I have already made
preparations
for our date tomorrow night.  I just thought, to add a little element
of fun to it, that I wouldn’t tell you where we are going, or where to
meet me.  Think of this as a little challenge... I know everything
about you, but how much do you really know about me?  I will only tell
you that the date starts an hour before sunset.
                                        Ryoko

Vegeta:  Could she have made that any easier?  She wants him to meet
her in the cave.
BF:  Spoil it, why don’t you.
Vegeta:  Come on, where else would she want to be alone with him?
That’s where she first met him, and where she fell in love with him.
BF:  Well, I don’t know.  Tenchi’s been so out of character already,
standing up to Ayeka and such... if that’s any indication, Ryoko is
going to be out of character and have the date start somewhere else.
Vegeta:  Let’s just wait and see.

        Tenchi smiled.  “Tomorrow night is going to be very interesting,” he
said to no one in particular.

Vegeta (No one in Particular):  I would expect nothing less from Ryoko,
Tenchi.

Tenchi lay down and drifted off to sleep.
        The next morning he woke up and looked at the wall clock.  “10:30,”
he
thought.  “They let me sleep in today.”  He got up, got dressed, and
walked downstairs to get a little early lunch before he headed for the
carrot patch.

(Tyler slowly regains consciousness.)
Tyler:  He’s heading for the carrot patch?  Well, we all know what he’s
going to do there, don’t we?
(Vegeta glares at Tyler and powers up another blast.)
Tyler:  He’s, uh... he’s going to pick carrots for Ryo-Ohki.  What else
can someone do at a carrot patch?
(Tyler warily sits back on the sofa, never taking his eyes off Vegeta.)

“It’s quiet,” thought Tenchi.

Vegeta:  Cliche alert!

“A little too quiet.”

Vegeta:  Can I call ‘em or what?

        “Good morning, Tenchi!  I hope you slept well!” greeted a cheerful
Sasami.  “Your breakfast is a little cold.  Sorry, but we didn’t want
to disturb you.”

Tyler (Tenchi):  Remember that!

        “That’s all right, Sasami, I’ll just have a banana or something
before
I go to the fields.”  Tenchi said.

BF:  Ah yes, the native Japanese banana.

“Um... Sasami?  Have you seen Ryoko this morning?”
        “No, Tenchi.  No one’s seen her since yesterday afternoon.” came the
reply.
        Ayeka, sitting at the table and sipping on some tea, piped in, “Well
good riddance.  If I said I miss her, I would be lying.”  While putting
on this indifferent air, the only thing Ayeka could think was, “Perhaps
she has given up her pursuit of Tenchi.  She knows she
cannot compete with me after last night.  Ooh, this is so exciting!”

Tyler:  Ryoko?  Give up?  She’s got to be out of her mind!
Vegeta:  That would get on the nerves of most of the Tenchi fans I
know.

        “Why do you ask?” Sasami asked Tenchi.
        “Oh, never mind,” came the reply as a slight grin came across
Tenchi’s
face.  He already knew where he could find Ryoko but, as her letter
instructed, he would not meet her there until an hour before sundown
that night.  He grabbed a light snack and his gardening tools, then
headed out the door.
        Later that day as Tenchi was working hard at the carrot patch,

BF:  Not a word out of you, Tyler.
Tyler:  What?  I wasn’t going to say anything.

he noticed that the sun was getting a little lower in the sky.  After
checking his watch, he realized that he was running out of time, so he
decided to call it quits for the day and headed straight for the cave
near the shrine.

Vegeta:  I’m on one heck of a hot streak tonight.
BF:  You’re the man, Vegeta.
(Buck and Vegeta high five and Buck is knocked off of the couch.)
BF:  You may want to be a little more careful next time, though.
Washuu-chan would have nailed us both to the wall if you would have
severed her connection.
Tyler:  Why do I think that you would enjoy that?
BF:  Hey, I may be a willing test-subject, but I’m not a masochist.
Vegeta:  And yet you’re letting Washuu experiment on you?  That seems
paradoxical to me.

Once he entered the cave, he saw Ryoko sitting on a rock looking down
to where she was once held captive.  As she heard footsteps
approaching, she looked up and smiled.
        “Tenchi!  You came!

Tyler:  I did?  Uh, let me go change, then... OW!
Vegeta:  Knock it off!

Just like I knew you would.  How long did it take you to figure out
where I would be?” she asked.
        “Not long at all.  I got your note, and immediately thought of the
cave.  After all, it is where we first met.”
        “You remembered... you’re so sweet!”
        “Heh heh... um, thanks,” a blushing Tenchi replied.  “I really do
appreciate this gesture, Ryoko.  I can tell that you want this date to
actually mean something to both of us.”
        “Well, it is our first.”

BF:  In all fairness, if you take into account the multiple
continuities as well as other fanfics, it’s not.
Tyler:  Leave the analysis to Washuu... er, Washuu-CHAN, Buckeroo.

        “So where are we going?” asked Tenchi.
        “That’s a surprise.  Just walk with me.”

Vegeta (Xelloss):  That... is a secret.
BF:  Oh, please...

        Ryoko took Tenchi by the hand and led him out of the cave and
through
the woods,

Tyler:  To grandmother’s house we go!

stopping every once in awhile to just enjoy the feeling of being with
him, as well as to admire the beautiful scenery.  They talked of their
history together as they walked into the village.  Across the street a
tall, heavyset man wearing a shirt that says, “I WROTE THIS!” in big
red letters waves like an idiot and then goes on his way.

Vegeta:  What the hell was that?
BF:  I’m assuming that was the author.
Vegeta:  Hmm... well, if you’re going to do SI, I guess that’s the way
to do it.

Suddenly, Ryoko said, “Stop.  We’re here.”  Tenchi looked around and
noticed that they were oceanside.  The sun was low in the sky, making
for a beautiful sunset.  “Isn’t it lovely?” she asked.
        “Ryoko... I never knew you appreciated these kinds of things.”
        “There’s a lot about me that you don’t know,” replied Ryoko.  “That
whole badass space pirate routine?  It’s just for show now.  Ever since
I met you, new feelings have arisen within me.  Being with you, I don’t
feel like a monster...”
        “You’re not a monster,” Tenchi interrupted.
        “Thanks, but let me finish.  I don’t even feel like the genetic
creation I really am.  You make me feel like a person, Tenchi... you
complete me.

All (singing):  Just the two of us.  We can make it if we try...

I... I love you, Tenchi.  Not just because of who you are or what you
can do, but... I love you because you treat me as an equal.  You make
me feel good about who I am.  You...”
        “Shh...” Tenchi interrupted again, wiping a tear from Ryoko’s cheek.
“You should feel good about who you are, Ryoko.  You’re a wonderful,
beautiful person.  Not a monster at all.”  Tenchi stared deeply into
Ryoko’s eyes and felt something he’d never felt before.

Tyler:  Himself?
BF&Vegeta:  Tyler!
BF:  Boy, don’t interrupt this tender moment with your perverted
attitude.
Tyler:  You’ve sure changed a lot since I first met you.
BF:  And always for the better.  Now shut up.

He felt love... true love.  He felt that someone truly needed him.  At
that moment, he knew where he would be for the rest of his life.  He
tenderly placed a hand under Ryoko’s chin and brought her face closer
to his.  He paused momentarily,

BF:  Do it, wimp!

just a little afraid of what would happen, never having done this
before.
        “Tenchi...” cooed Ryoko.  “Why did you sto...” but her lips were
silenced by those of Tenchi.  Now, since the invention of kissing,
there have been five kisses that are widely considered to be the purest
and most tender.  This one left them all in the dust.

Tyler:  Somebody’s seen The Princess Bride recently.

        Ryoko was no longer on Earth.  She was in heaven.  Tenchi was no
different.  They were both lost in the moment.  The kiss seemed to last
forever, but when it was finally broken, it seemed as if it was over
too soon.

Tyler:  That doesn’t make any sense.
BF:  To you, it wouldn’t.  You’ve never experienced something like
that.
(Tyler hangs his head sadly.  You can almost hear the other people
reading this saw, “Aww...”)

        “You’re so beautiful, Ryoko.  I’ve always thought so.  I love you.”
        “Oh, Tenchi... I’ve waited so long to hear you say that... I’ve
loved
you since I used to play with you in the cave when you were just a
boy,” confessed Ryoko.

Vegeta (Ryoko):  Forgive me father for I have sinned...
BF:  I’m sure she has, but it’s not like you’re any better, Vegeta.

        “So that WAS you.  I always knew that you and I had some kind of
important connection.  But there’s only one problem,” said Tenchi.
        “What’s that?” asked Ryoko.
        “How to tell Ayeka that I’ve finally made my decision without her
zapping me.”
        Tenchi and Ryoko laughed

Tyler:  I wouldn’t laugh if I were them.  I’ve seen the show, and Ayeka
is very likely to do just that as soon as she finds out about this.

and then watched the sun set over the ocean.  They would do this many
more times in their long life together, and every time would seem just
as magical as their first.

                               The End

(Pause.)
Vegeta:  No request for feedback?  No explaining why he wrote this or
how long it took?
BF:  Considering that the same author is writing this whole thing,
watch for it at the end of our segment.

(The door to the room slides open and in steps Washuu.)

Washuu:  So, how was it?
BF:  I liked it.
Vegeta:  Except for a few confusing parts, it was pretty good.
Washuu:  And you doubted my compassion for the first-timers.
Tyler:  I didn’t like it that much.  No lemon scenes, plus Ayeka
actually got a chance at Tenchi.
Vegeta:  Which is actually what made it better.  In most of these
“Ryoko gets Tenchi” stories, it’s a pretty unfair conclusion.
BF:  Well, now that the fic is over, could you get these off.
Washuu:  Sure.  Vegeta and Tyler, you can leave now if you like.
Vegeta:  Thank kami.

(Vegeta and Tyler leave the room and the door closes behind them.
Washuu then turns to The Hustler.)

Washuu:  Well Buck, I have to say that I’m flattered, but not really
interested.

(Buck sweatdrops.)

BF:  What are you talking about?

(Washuu begins removing the electrodes from Buck’s head, arms, and
other assorted areas.)

Washuu:  These things monitor more than just your reactions to the fic,
you know.  I noticed that when I showed up in the fic, your brain
released a significant amount of endorphins.  You endlessly defended me
against both the other two people on the sofa, and even the characters
in the fic.  There’s no use hiding it... you’re in love with me.
BF:  I should have known I couldn’t hide anything from the greatest
scientific genius in the universe.  You’re amazing, Washuu-chan.

(Washuu smiles and gives Buck a quick kiss on the cheek as she removes
the last electrode.)

Washuu:  Sorry I’m not interested.  But I do believe you can do
anything you set your mind to.  So, maybe someday... you’ll get what
you want.

(Washuu leaves.  Buck remains in his seat, just thinking.  Eventually,
he speaks to himself.)

BF:  She will be mine... oh yes, she will be mine.

(Then Buck gets up and leaves the makeshift theater, turning off the
lights and closing the door on his way out.)
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Well, that’s it for the very first Instant MST, as well as my own first
attempt at fanfiction.  As if you can’t tell, ol’ Buckeroo there is my
avatar.  He’s everything I want to be... strong, confident... I created
this character as a fantasy wrestler two and a half years ago, and he
had some great success.

Also, I’ve projected most of my own personality into the character,
right down to the fascination with Washuu-chan.  Tyler, he’s been
Buck’s smart-ass cameraman for most of his career, and I would like to
thank Mr. Patrick G. Allain for having the original idea of giving a
cameraman personality.  Now, Tyler is still a smart-ass like I am, but
he also represents my hentai side.  Don’t worry, he’ll get a private
screening of “At the Carrot Patch” at the beginning of my next MST,
that should cure him for a good, long while.

Speaking of that fic... you will notice that throughout the MST, I made
references to fics written by others.  Those are also used without
permission, and I hope that the authors see the mentions for what they
are... jokes, and nothing more.  I do not pass judgment on the authors
themselves.  To each his own.  Besides, as they say, “Any publicity is
good publicity.”

My goal is to become as well-known in the Tenchi MST world as Cav and
Thomas “009” Doscher, Brian Weber, Peter Suzuki, Loden Taylor, and
others who I don’t hold in as high a regard but have talent
nonetheless.  Cav & Doscher and Loden are my personal favorite MST
authors if anybody gives a damn.

The actual story that was MSTed came about basically as a larf.  The
Instant MST idea I had for awhile, and I needed to write a story to go
along with it... something bad enough to be MSTed, but not bad enough
to really deserve it.  I decided to go with the old “Ryoko gets Tenchi”
formula.  While I do believe that Ryoko is his only logical choice
(Who wants to get with their grandfather’s half sister?), a lot of
people have a problem with those stories being written because, nine
times out of ten, there’s really no reason that it happened.  The term
“AHRLI” has taken a negative connotation that I hope to someday
alleviate, starting with “Double Date.”  You see, as much as I don’t
like Ayeka, everyone deserves a chance with the person they love,
something that I have never had.  I’m hoping my efforts are
appreciated, as it has been a labor of love working on this off and on
for the past four days.

Any C&C will be appreciated, good or bad.  As long as people actually
sit and read my first attempt, I’ll be happy.  Send any feedback to
buckfloyd@yahoo.com if you would, please.  And if you'd like to see
"Double Date" as a story by itself, by all means, just ask me.  Thank
you, and good night.

BF:  See Vegeta?  I told you it would show up eventually.
Vegeta:  So that’s what?  Five bucks we agreed on?