Disclaimer: Aside from the two main MSTers, Buck and Tyler, I do not
own any character contained within this fanfic (and technically, I'm
only a co-owner of Tyler. I didn't create the character, but I have
been granted carte blanche by his official creator). They are owned by
their respective companies, be it AIC/Pioneer (Washuu), Toei/Funimation
(Vegeta) or the company that owns today's special guest, which will be
given at the end... don't want to spoil this surprise. Of course, if I
had the ability to pay those companies for use of their characters, I
wouldn't need this disclaimer, and I more than likely would be doing
something more useful with that money than giving it to THEM.

"Dirty Cops" is property of Sunrise and ADV Films... no sorry, that's
Dirty PAIR. This steaming pile is intellectual property of Dojin
Diaster (ShinobiYuffie@aol.com"), who graciously allowed me to do this
MST... though he/she's probably forgotten about it by now, judging by
the fact that I started this like three months ago. Damn college work
taking time away from what's REALLY important ^_^
----------------------------------------------
(Buck "The Hustler" Floyd and Tyler G. Dunning, MSTers
extraordinaire...)

Tyler: You're awfully confident of your own writing abilities, aren't
you?

(Based on the fact that I have received literally no negative feedback
thus far, I have every right to be. Come on, somebody take me down a
peg or two! Anyway, they are standing in front of the Masaki residence.
Buck, who has removed all traces of the blond hair dye he had applied
before the last experiment, knocks on the door and it is answered by
Sasami.)

Sasami: Oh, welcome back you two. Washuu is waiting for you, and
Vegeta's already down there.
BF: Thanks, Sasami.

(The two men make their way to the dimensional doorway and enter what
many people consider one of the most dangerous places in the universe,
the laboratory of Washuu Hakubi. She greets them enthusiastically.)

Washuu: Great to see you again!
BF: You can't possibly be as happy to see us as I am to see you,
Washuu-chan.
Washuu: That's true. But regardless, it's been a long time since you
were here last.
BF: You worried I'd forgotten about you? Never happen.
Tyler: Oh, of course not... *coughEDcough*
BF: Are you gonna be all right there, Tyler? You seem to have a cold...
Tyler: Never mind. I think it was lost on you.
Vegeta: Some of our readers as well, I'd imagine...
Washuu: Well, I hope you guys are ready to tackle another round of what
passes as fanfiction these days.
Vegeta: What is it this time? Wait wait, I think I can guess... it's
another lemon, isn't it?
Washuu: That's a pretty good guess. The last one you had was rather
mild, but...
BF:  Mild isn't even the word... what little lemon content there was
wasn't even shown.  Not that I'm complaining, mind you...
Tyler: But it was very, very long. Though I suppose the non-lemony bit
was there purely for back story?
Washuu: Exactly. And since the sheer boredom of sitting through a
lengthy series of bad fic didn't sap your wills, this time we're going
for shock value.
Tyler: Don't talk to me about shock value. I've seen enough porn to
know what to expect from anything.
BF: I wouldn't say that... remember "At the Carrot Patch"?
Tyler: *shudder* I stand corrected. This doesn't involve animals,
vegetables, and children like that one did, does it? Because if it
does, so help me...
Washuu: No, nothing that severe. This one is about Mihoshi and Kiyone.
Tyler: Well what are we waiting for? Let's bring on the special guest
and get this thing started!

(Tyler runs toward the Allain and begins to bang on the hull.)

Washuu: Hey, that's delicate equipment!
BF: Yeah! Stop making things difficult for our gracious host!
Vegeta: I'd like to think that a gracious host wouldn't torture her
guests.
BF: Ah, but any torture is like heaven on earth when in the presence of
such genius, such beauty, such...
Vegeta: Such a waste of your time?
BF: Exactly... huh? No! Well at least, I certainly hope not.
Washuu: So, Buck, who do you want accompanying you on this trip? It is
your turn to pick, you know.
BF: Well, gee... I really can't think of anyone I'd rather have with me
than y...
Tyler (from near ship): Just say Urd!
BF: Urd? What?
Washuu: Urd it is.
BF: But I didn't...

(Buckeroo doesn't have time to protest as the goddess of love from Ah!
Megami-sama appears in the typical flash of blue light that accompanies
these transports. She looks only slightly confused, as compared to
Jinnai and Vegeta before her.)

Urd: Hold on one second... I'm used to going from place to place at a
moment's notice, but... where's the TV screen that I was supposed to
come out of?
Vegeta: What's she jabbering about?
Tyler: The three goddesses from that series have different modes of
transportation... Belldandy uses mirrors, Skuld uses hot water, and she
uses a television. It was kind of interesting to see her squeeze
through the 13-inch that Keiichi had.
Urd: He most certainly does NOT have a... oh, the TV, right. Wait a
minute, are you saying I'm fat?
Tyler: Lord no. But you have certain protrusions that made it appear
rather difficult to get into his house from there.

(Urd turns sideways to show off those "protrusions.")

Urd: You noticed, eh?
Tyler: How could I not?
Urd: I like you already. You're a lot more forward than most of the
other people I know. Now why am I here?
Washuu: Well, you're here to watch a bad fanfic with these three
gentlemen, and hopefully throw in a witty comment every now and again.
Urd: Please tell me it's a good lemon.
BF: You're half right.
Urd: Oh... well, how bad could it really be? Sex is meant to be fun and
a little dirty, so why should writers sugarcoat that?

(Vegeta takes Tyler aside.)

Vegeta: She's the goddess of LOVE, you say?
Tyler: Well... not quite. She's A goddess, and she professes to be the
Cupid of Love. Her methods are a little inscrutable, but she usually
she gets the job done.
Vegeta: Wait one damn minute... are you telling me that the reason you
suggested bringing her here is...?
Tyler *whispering*: Shh! Yes! Now keep it down!

(Washuu calls from near the table with today's author strapped to it.)

Washuu: Hey! If you people are about finished, I think we should get
started soon. Science is ever-advancing, and if we don't get a move on,
it's going to pass us by. Well, not ME, of course, but... just get in.

(The crew meander toward the ship. As they file in, Tyler can be seen
whispering something to Urd. She looks back toward Washuu, then quietly
enters the ship, and the hatch is closed.)

Washuu: Wonder what that was all about...

(Washuu commences the shrinkification process on the MST Allain. Once
the ship has gone through said process, Washuu picks it up and carried
it toward a long metal table with today's fanfic author strapped down
to it.)

Washuu: Experiment #MST004: "Dirty Cops" by Dojin Diaster. Are you
ready, Dojin?
Dojin: No, but let's get it over with anyway.
Washuu: That's the spirit! Oh, I just have to know one thing. Do you
work for Sega or Squaresoft? I mean, based on your e-mail address, I
would think at least one of them...
Dojin: What?
Washuu: Never mind.

(The ship is gently placed into the author's mouth and swallowed.)

Urd: How positively Freudian...
BF: You just find everything sexual, don't you?
Urd: And the problem is?

(The ship travels through the mind of Dojin, passing through childhood
memories, secret recipes, and forgotten freshness [Forgotten Freshness
is a registered trademark of the Insane Clown Posse... yeah, I'm a
juggalo, so what?]. It finally comes to rest in the part of the
author's consciousness responsible for creativity.)

Urd: So now what?

(A translucent screen rises up out of the gray matter the ship is
sitting on.)

Urd: Oh.

---------------------------------------------------------------------
Alrighty people its time for a decent Mihoshi/Kiyone lemon. But as
always I'll take a new twist to this =B so har har if your into the
regular lesbo acts.

Tyler: All RIGHT! This should be good... no Tenchi to louse things up.
BF: I must say that, as a general rule, I find scenes like this between
two women to be much more stimulating both emotionally and... well...
anyway, the problem I have is the characters they're using. After all,
there are three Tenchi girls that should never be seen in a lemon
scene...
Vegeta: Sasami, Yugi, and Achika?
BF: Okay, five Tenchi girls that should never be in a lemon scene... I
forgot about Achika, and I tend to block the fact that I ever saw Shin
from my mind. But in addition to those three, there are Washuu...
mainly for personal reasons... and Mihoshi, just because she's so damn
innocent. Taking this into account, Kiyone should, as a general rule,
not be in one either. Mainly because it just plain doesn't make sense
to put her with any of the others. So this fic is off to a bad start
already.
Urd: Heh heh... personally I PREFER the traditional scene, but this may
prove good as well.
BF: I will say that women usually tend to be much more tender with each
other... that's the kind of lover I want.
Tyler: Well, notwithstanding the girl-girl scenes in most adult videos,
which are primarily for men anyway, you're probably right.
Vegeta: You three seem to be forgetting one important thing.
BF: What's that?
Vegeta: The "new twist." I'm worried about that.
BF: Hmm...

Oh ya I do not own these people and this is a mature fanfic but eh you
will read it anyway!

BF: Not by choice...

X.x so lets get going!

Dirty Cops
        No no Mihoshi, don't! I can just get it fixed!" But as always, the
bumbling GP had

Tyler: Already gotten to her wayward puppy with a pair of tweezers.
BF: Ouch...
Urd: Real do-it-yourselfer this guy...

now come across something that needed help. This unlucky victim this
time was Kiyones' new laptop especially useful for work. "Don't worry
Kiyone, I'm sure I can fix it!"

Tyler: With...
Vegeta: You say it again, and you're in trouble.

squealed the tanned detective as she fooled around with more adhesives
and tools in Washus' lab, convinced in her abilities. "Now where is it?
It has to be around somewhere" Mihoshi flicked back a strand of blonde
hair and set to work.

BF: She was looking for a strand of her hair?
Tyler: Must have been... after all, once she moved it, she got right
down to breaking... I mean, fixing Kiyone's laptop.

Now that headache grew once more in Kiyone's temple as she growled
angrily again. "You wouldn't need to fix it if you listen to what I
said" How could Mihoshi know eating, cooking, and typing all at the
same time couldn't be done without some tragic accident?

Urd: I don't see much of a problem with that as long as... wait, who
keeps a laptop in a cooking area?
Tyler: Apparently Mihoshi...
BF: Don't you dare say that that makes her stupid. Or do I have to
bring out my KOME card again?
Tyler: No, that's okay.
BF: Just give me an excuse... it's laminated now, it looks great.
Urd: What's KOME?
Tyler: The Knightly Order of Mihoshi Enthusiasts.
Vegeta: Completely overprotective of that ditz too, might I add.
BF: Well, she needs it! Being constantly bombarded with insinuations
that she's some kind of mental inferior... it's sad, really.

        Well hard did Mihoshi try as her partner was secluded from the lab
room. "What's she doing down there anyway?" Asked the mad genius Washu

Tyler: She does seem a little upset with Mihoshi today...

as she walked to Kiyone and the door, which loud thinking was heard
from within.

Urd: So is it Washuu or Kiyone who can hear what other people are
thinking, then?

Kiyone sighed, "She's trying to fix something for me EVEN when I told
her not to touch the laptop at all." "Well I suppose it must be
serious, what with that dumb blonde not even paying attention to the
sign,"

BF: She's not dumb, dammit! It's not like this is Shin or anything...
Tyler: Do we know this for sure?
BF: Uh... no, but I'm giving the author the benefit of the doubt here.

Kiyone gave a questionable quirk then looked to the sign with the GP
detectives face on it, and over it a big red circle with a red line
going through it, instantly having a few sweatdrops pour out in
frustration.

BF: Much as I love Washuu, no matter WHAT continuity this is, perhaps
Mihoshi would have paid attention to the sign if it wouldn't have been
insulting her intelligence. Try using English on your "Keep out" signs
next time, o beauteous one.
Washuu (intercom): You do mean Japanese, right?
BF: Uh... yes, of course. That's what I meant, all right.
Washuu (intercom): I'll remember that if you remember that these fic
authors aren't exactly authorities on what goes on in the Masaki
household.
(Buck slaps his forehead.)
BF: D'oh! Right... it just seems like it's so real...

As the time pass Kiyone temper rose. As she was now banging onto the
hard wood door with her fist "MIHOSHI GET OUT THE BASEMENT NOW BEFORE
I..." The next few words were muffled bye a swinging door in Kiyone
jaw, Causing her to hit the floor in a instant with a wail of pain.

Vegeta: Mm... yeah, I think my words would be muffled if I had a
swinging door in my jaw, too. Just go on talking, all of a sudden your
jaw-door swings open and bleah... it's babble time.
BF: We're lucky John's not here.
Urd: What?
Tyler: Inside joke... very inside. In fact, if anyone outside of the
three mailing lists we belong to understand that, I will personally
come to your front door and perform a striptease.
(Rest of crew sweatdrops.)
Vegeta: I think it would be a better incentive if Urd made that
promise.
Urd: Forget it. Why do something as a reward that I would have no
qualms about doing regardless?
(Tyler frantically writes something down and hands it over to Urd.)
Urd: What's this?
Tyler: My home address, what else? I'll keep the TV on for you.

And out step Mihoshi with the damaged electronic looking good as new,
well if you looked around the masking tape here and there on the
screen. "Finished Kiyone!" beamed Mihoshi with a near idiotic grin on
her face.

BF: That's INNOCENCE, not IDIOCY! For God's sake!
Urd: Is he always like this?
Tyler: Gets even worse if Washuu is slighted, trust me.
Urd: A bit overprotective, is he?
BF: OVERprotective? No no, everybody else is UNDERprotective, that's
the problem.

This was too hard to believe, or focus on as Kiyone shook her head a
bit from the hit. "What? Let me see this." Kiyone stood up and yanked
the laptop from Mihoshi's hands with a sneer of doubt. "Hm, Well the
crack doesn't show.."

Vegeta: So THAT'S it!
Tyler: What's it?
Vegeta: People are getting crack from crooked Galaxy Police offers
smuggling it in their laptops! I'm beginning to believe your assertion
that Mihoshi isn't stupid, Buck... it's all a clever front. Brilliant
idea to BREAK the computer... nobody would have thought anything was
different at all when she went to "fix" it.
BF: Uh... I think I'd rather you think her stupid than that she and
Kiyone are crooked. Stupidity is more forgivable than dishonesty.

Kiyone looked more closely as well Washu , who was amazed at the fact
that of all people Mihoshi did something right for a change. "Yep Yep!
All it took was a few spare parts, glue, and a shiny rod thing for a
battery!"

Tyler: It's the employee of the month!
Urd: The who?
Tyler: The inanimate carbon rod! Employee of the month at the
Springfield Nuclear Power Plant, as well as a national hero for saving
the crew of the space shuttle by bravely wedging itself into a hole to
jerry-rig the hatch closed. I salute you, carbon rod!
BF: I'd like to be able to fix a computer with glue... my soldering
skills are far from l33t...

Mihoshi spoke on. Kiyone was indeed impress for once. Her partner
finally fixed her own mistakes "Well..sorry for yelling at you earlier
on Mihoshi, you're pretty competent"

Urd: There's a compliment worth getting...

She apologize as Kiyone looked for the on switch. "Wait a
minute...shiny rod?" Washu interrupted. "Where did you get that from
Mihoshi?" The blonde girl only gave a small shrug of honesty. "I saw it
in that huge tube with the skull and crossbones on it?" "AHHH!!!
MIHOSHI THAT ISNT A BATTERY THAT'S!"

BF (Washuu): That's the death rod!
Vegeta: The first guy to be killed in Outlaw Star?
Tyler: That's Death ROB.
Vegeta: Right.
BF (Washuu): Do you have any idea what that death rod is going to do?
Here's a hint... it involves DEATH!!!

Kiyone flicked on the switch as Washu was about to finish. "Ha?"

Vegeta (Kiyone): I don't really know if this is funny or not... it's a
tentative "Ha."
Tyler: Doesn't know if it's funny? She must be listening to our jokes,
then...
Urd: I haven't heard anything really bad just yet...
BF: Wait for it... it'll come...

"DANGER! DANGER! CDHDAOPBHOEHOA GOBBLES!!!"

Crew: TIMMY!!!

KA-BLAMMO!

Tyler: Tsk... somebody's misusing the highly sophistimicated dowhackey
that is the matter transportation device again. After all, one wrong
move and KA-BLAMMO!
Urd: Though Tyler does seem to rely on relating things to The Simpsons
a bit too much...

".uranium." Washu coughed out the last word, as she began to peel her
self off the wall she was blasted into.

(Buck is staring at the screen in abject terror.)
BF: It's only a fanfic... this didn't REALLY happen... Washuu-chan is
FINE... only a story... bwee...
Urd: Would resting your head on my chest make you feel any better?
BF: Actually, it would make me feel worse, but thanks for the offer
anyway.
Tyler: Does that offer stand for any of us?
Urd: No.
Tyler: Aww...

Kiyone was in a state of tears as she noticed the lab that self
detonated itself now disintegrate into dust."
MIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHSOSHI!!!!!" On hearing her name yelled in rage Mihoshi
stared on the from the blast, her face covered in black soot like
Kiyone and Washu.

Vegeta (Mihoshi): Santa?
Urd (Kiyone): Uh-oh... please don't sit on my lap, Mihoshi...
Tyler:  Yeah, that'll come later... OW!
BF:  Don't remind me.

"um...heh heh. Kiyone I had no idea that was- EEEEE!!" And off The
detective went sprinting down the hall like a scared puppy.

BF (Jim Ross): Oh my! She's taking off like a scalded dog! This has
been a real slobberknocker, says good ol' JR!
Tyler: What, no Sooners references? No "educated feet" or "young stud"?
BF: Even JR himself can't cram all of his catch phrases into one
exchange. Besides, we're watching a lemon... I'd rather not mention a
young stud, or one just might show up.
Urd: You mean Tenchi? That's rich...
BF: Point...

"MIHOSHI GET BACK HERE!" Kiyone also took off in pursuit after Mihoshi
in a burst of rage and with a head of steam.

BF: After Kiyone's head turned into steam, it quickly dissipated
throughout the room, leaving Kiyone headless, and the story over.
Urd: You want this to end? We haven't even gotten to the juicy parts
yet.
Tyler: A woman just as perverted as most of the guys I know? Did I ever
tell you that I love you?

"Cmon Kiyone it was a accident!!" Cried the bronzed girl as she took a
sharp turn flailing and slipping the way out.

Vegeta: You'd think that after someone has been bronzed, they wouldn't
be able to be so mobile.

"YA THE LAST ACCIDENT YOUR GONNA EVER HAVE, MIHOSHI!!!" Having put up
with her partners' accident too long Kiyone finally leaped forward and
grasped tackled Mihoshi into a two-gal tumble.

Tyler: *blows whistle* Two-gal tumble! Five yards and loss of down!
Rest of crew: Boooo! You suck, ref!

Slip and slide went the GP tornado into the living room, screaming and
arguing increasing each second. As it, ended Kiyone pinned Mihoshi to
the floor still in her semi madness.

Tyler (Kiyone):  *breathes rasply*  Now you listen to me, Mihoshi... we
are going to go down to the truckstop and take a look at those
18-wheelers... they're so... big and... stuff.
Vegeta (Mihoshi):  You know something, Kiyone?  Your semi madness is
starting to get the better of you... I'm here to help.

"GOT YOU! YOU BUTTERFINGERED KLUTZ!" As they slide more forward until
the rug stopped them. "Er...Kiyone?" Mihoshi looked up to the
detective's face a bit concerned "You should get off me. people might
think were well.." "WELL WHAT!" Kiyone interrupted Mihoshi shouting,
causing the girl to wince a little

BF (Mihoshi): Well, fighting... and we really don't want to enforce the
stereotypes any more than we already have, you know...
Urd (Kiyone): You have a point... okay, I'll get off of you...
afterward...
BF: No! Bad Urd!
Urd: Hey, you invited me.
BF: Dammit, I was tricked!
Urd: So you don't like me, then? *Urd sulks*
BF: No, it's not that, it's just... *pause* You're just trying to lay a
guilt trip on me, aren't you?
Urd: *stops sulking* Indeed I am!
(Urd glomps Buck, who promptly panics.)
BF: Hey, leggo!
Tyler: Calm down, lucky bastard.
BF: No calm down... other woman arms on me... no good, don't like...
why talk like caveman?
Vegeta: She's awfully hands-on for a self-professed Cupid of Love.

"Well.funny." If they already did not seem strange to most, Sure enough
Aeka and Ryoko actually peeled their eyes off the T.V screen long
enough to see Kiyone ontop of Mihoshi. Numerous sweatdrops poured out
of the blue-hair girl.

Tyler: That's teal. Blue would be Sasami.
Vegeta (Ayeka): Oh, never mind... they're just having lesbian sex
again, nothing out of the ordinary. And now back to the TV... no no,
buy a vowel!
BF: Please let go of me...
Urd: *laughs*
BF: I'm not kidding. Get off.
Urd: Is that an invitation?
BF: NO!!! Look, Tyler would welcome this sort of thing. Why are you
torturing me when he would enjoy it?
Urd: I think you just answered your own question.
BF: *pause* Right... Buckeroo no baka...

"Ahh! Screw it!" Kiyone released Mihoshi wrist and threw the fist down
at the girls' face.

BF: What?
(Buck stands up quickly, breaking Urd's grip suddenly.)
BF: Hmm... well, that's taken care of at least... but no! Don't
threaten to harm Mihoshi, and don't have Kiyone so out of character!
She may get angry at her partner a lot, but she would never do
something like that. I demand justice! Fire torpedoes!
Tyler: We don't have any...
BF: Vegeta? Vegeta: Aye-aye, cap'n!
(Buck opens the hatch. Vegeta flies out and fires a ki blast toward the
screen. The blast goes right through the screen and ends up hitting
some brain tissue. Flash frame to Washuu at her laptop next to the
author, who convulses wildly.)
Washuu: Huh?
Dojin: Bubblegum cures cancer! Why haven't I ever thrown a bowling ball
at Mercer Mayer? Slide, slide! For the love of God, SLIDE!!!
Washuu: Damn! I've warned them about this kind of thing before... *gets
on intercom* All right guys, you're going to have to come back here
temporarily while Dojin here regains some sanity...

(Time passes... Tyler and Urd are seen sitting at a small table
drinking coffee.)

Tyler: Now you're sure this is going to work?
Urd: Hey, I'm the Cupid of Love, remember? Of course it will work, as
long as she drinks that tea she was making.
Tyler: Good... I'm sick of seeing him endlessly fawn over her. Maybe if
that love is reciprocated, he won't be so unbearable at times.
Urd: I understand. But will he go for this?
Tyler: Trust me... anything that gets them together will be better for
all of us.
Urd: *shrugs* All right...

(Buck walks into the room.)

BF: Hey, coffee! Where's the pot?
Tyler: Over there. BF: Thanks.

(Buck pours a cup of coffee just as Washuu appears on the scene.)

Urd: Here we go... just watch...
BF: Huh? Just watch what? What are you talking abou...

(He is interrupted by Washuu attaching herself to his waist.)

BF: Whoa, watch the coffee there. I would NOT want to see this spilled
on you. Anyway, what brought this on?
Washuu: Mmm... I can't believe I never realized how handsome you are
before. I could stay like this forever.

(Urd and Tyler give each other a thumbs-up under the table.)

BF: Well, huh... it's just kind of sudden, is all. Not unwelcome by any
means, but...

(Suddenly, as if he just had an epiphany, Buck jerks his head around to
look at Urd. His eyes narrow into a menacing glare before looking back
down at the object of his affection.)

BF: Washuu-chan...
Washuu: Hmm?
BF: Let me look in your eyes...

(The former wrestler cradles the beautiful scientist's face in his
hands and looks deeply into her emerald eyes. They shimmer with
excitement, but that's not all that's there. Buckeroo slowly removes
Washuu's arms from around his waist and takes a few steps back.)

Washuu: Wh... what's the matter?
BF: Not like this...

(He turns toward Urd and Tyler.)

BF: What the hell is the matter with you two? Did you think I wouldn't
notice?
Tyler: I have no idea what you're talking about...
BF: And you expect me to believe this? I knew you were up to something
when you tricked me into calling Urd into this mission. Why did you do
this to me? And more importantly, why did you do this to HER? Do you
think this is funny?
Urd: No, we just thought you'd appreciate...
BF: What? Appreciate you screwing around with the emotions of the most
perfect being the world has ever seen?

(Washuu can be seen smiling slightly.)

BF: Look... it's as simple as this. I know what you're capable of,
woman... and I have to say that I am not pleased at what you've done
here. You treat love as just another plaything... it's so much more
than that. You almost ruined Keiichi's life with a misdirected love
spell, and now you're setting out to ruin OUR lives with a PROPERLY
directed one? I'm not having it.
Urd: But... you love her, don't you?
BF: Yes, I do. And it's because I love her that I'm not letting this
continue. If she ever loves me in return, I want it to be from
emotion... from feeling... from choice... but NOT from chemicals!
Tyler: She is a scientist... I think the use of chemicals might
actually pique her interest.
BF: You've got a point, but I don't want to let this happen. Love is
far too precious to play with like this. Urd, I want you to call this
thing off right now... don't do this to her. Please...

(There is so much emotion in this speech, that you could swear Buck was
going to break into tears at any minute. Somebody does shed a tear
however, and it's not who you'd expect...)

Washuu: Buck, I'm... I'm touched...

(She hugs Buck again, but this time for a different reason.)

Washuu: I knew you wouldn't accept something that way... you never
disappoint.
BF: You mean...
Tyler: You were never...
Urd: It didn't work?
Washuu: Darned if I know. Never drank the tea. I was making that for
someone else.

(Zip-pan to Katsuhito drinking some tea.)

Katsuhito: Ahh... even better than usual. I must thank Washuu for
her...

(A glazed look comes over Katsuhito's eyes a second before Mihoshi
brings the broom back into the shrine.)

Mihoshi: I've finished sweeping the steps, honorable father. What
should I do now?
Katsuhito: I have a few ideas...
Mihoshi: Why are you looking at me like that, sir? Sir?

(Back in the lab, the group is still discussing the "love potion"
attempt.)

Washuu: I do usually take a cup myself, but luckily, I'd been warned
that the two of you had something brewing... no pun intended.
Tyler: I'm confused... Urd and I were the only ones in on... wait a
minute...

(Vegeta floats down from the rafters.)

Vegeta: Hi there, Tyler!
Tyler&Urd: Vegeta?
Vegeta: That's right... you really should learn to keep your mouth shut
about your plans. "She gets the job done," indeed.
BF: Vegeta, do you realize what you've done?
Vegeta: Screwed over Tyler, isn't it great?
BF: No! You've righted a wrong!

(Everyone stares at Vegeta.)

Vegeta: Uh... well, I'm not a really bad guy, you know. I did sacrifice
my life in an attempt to kill Buu.
Tyler: He's got a point.
Vegeta: Whatever... when do we get back to work?
Washuu: Right about...
Dojin (off-screen): Wha... what happened?
Washuu: Now.

(The description of reentry has been foregone. I never do more than one
of those scenes in a single MST. That would get real repetitive, real
quick. Suffice to say that they are back in the author's mind, and the
fic has restarted.)

Mihoshi let out a yelp and moved her head before the blurred punch
reached her button nose. Kiyone retracted her hand in pain having it
nail a dent in the floor.

BF: Or put a dent in the floor, either way you look at it.

"AHHHH!!" The bronzed girl took the time to push over Kiyone and take
off once more. Kiyone picked her self up and chased after her once
more, now being lead back into the basement again. "hey..stop.you two"
Washu had now crawled out of the hole towards the door. But now Kiyone
was going to end this cat and mouse game as she corned Mihoshi on a
wall.

Vegeta: So would that make Washuu the mouse? She did just crawl out of
a hole and all that...
Tyler: And how can Mihoshi be cornered on a wall? You can be backed
into a wall, but you're only cornered in a corner.
BF: Hey! As Sergeant Semantics, I must object to your stealing my
schtick.

"Oh no...eee! Kiyone don't hurt me!" Mihoshi begged as she looked
around for an exit "Great. Now this headache I've been having ever
since I met you is going to go away" Kiyone walked forward with her
eyes burning a hole in Mihoshi "Headache?.." The clumsy GP though as
she looked to her left again seeing a couple pills.

Crew: G-54!

Bingo!

Tyler: That game was worth a piddling $7.00. We're a very small church.

"I can fix your headache Kiyone!" she latched her palms onto the spare
pills on the shelf. "Ha? No I don't mean a re-HEY!" Kiyone mouth was
soon shoved of the green tinted pills Mihoshi made her swallow down.

Urd: So Kiyone swallows unidentified pills... I don't like what this is
teaching the kiddies at home.
BF: I don't like what you and Tyler are teaching them, either...
honestly, how could you?
Urd: Look, it's over, and we're sorry, okay?

Kiyone gave a sick face and gulped them. "There. You feel better now?"
Asked her partner who had the innocent face on once more. "Um.yes for
some reason." Kiyone could actually smile having those pains go away
but now her body was reacting funny. Soon she made the dreaded. "pee
dance"

BF: Oh, wonderful... a lemon written by a six-year-old...
Vegeta:  There seem to be more of those than you might think.
Tyler:  Pff... you call that a pee dance?  I've been taking lessons
from a little guy named "Winner"...
(Tyler cues up some techno music.  The lights flash from red to blue to
green and back again several times as Tyler grabs his crotch and
thrashes around like a mackerel in a mosh pit.  After a few seconds, he
sits down.)
BF:  That sucked, really.
Tyler:  I said I was taking lessons, not that I was a grand master.
Urd:  Hmm... with the way you were touching yourself, I'd say you WERE
a grand master... or at least a grand masturba...
BF:  Enough!

"AHH DAMNIT MIHOSHI!" was her last words as she ran out the room biting
her lip so hard it could bleed.
        "Wonder if that worked?" though the blonde girl as she stepped out
as
well. Kiyone reached the bathroom in seconds and shut the door. "Oh
damnit what's wrong with me now?" she unzipped her white jeans and just
closed her eyes, calming down a bit.

BF: We don't need this... we REALLY don't need this...
Tyler: I'm inclined to agree on this one.

"What am I going to do with that ditz? She is so lazy, incompetent,
noisy" Oh the words went on and on as she kept going. "She needs
discipline.she needs to be useful.She..hey why am I standing up?"

(The crew sweatdrops.)
BF: I don't like where this is headed... I REALLY don't like where this
is headed...
Tyler: I'm inclined to agree on this one.
Vegeta: And to take your previous line, Buck... we REALLY don't need
this.
Urd: Er... it's different, that's for sure...

That and the slow dripping sound woke Kiyone up and forced her to look
down. Okay. She was going in the toilet.
"But.im..not...sitting.dooowwnnn OH MY GOD I HAVE A DICK!!!"

Male crew members: NNNNNOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
(Urd just makes a rather revolted face.)
Tyler:  Aw man... well, there goes any desire I may have ever had to
get into Kiyone's pants.
BF:  Well, at least SOME good came out of it.

Kiyone mentally roared out confused holding the 9inch in her palms all
this time "What the fuck happened!? IM A FREAK!? THOSE--PILLS!" Of
course, Mihoshi had caused Kiyone another gray hair, but this one was
running way down to her pubics. . Staring at urine come out two ways
was becoming a bit disgusting.

BF: Hearing about it, equally so.
Vegeta: Definitely...

So she just pressed it back in, but now she could stare at the huge
bulge forcing her fancy panties to expand. "oh god this is too much why
me?.IM going to get her this tim-- EEP!" At the thought of Mihoshi the
new girl penis stretched out in Kiyone's jeans. "Ahh jeez! What's with
this thing."

Tyler: Excuse me a second, I just happen to have a little something in
the back of the ship...
(Tyler leaves his seat and rummages around for a second before coming
back with a book.)
Tyler: Merry Christmas, Kiyone!  This sixth grade biology book should
explain everything.

She spoke under her breath, if anyone knew of this they would be scared
out of their minds of it. Now the erection was beginning to cause a
small twinge of pain.

Tyler: Now that just... don't... happen. Unless you're wearing tight
pants at the time...
Vegeta: Nobody wants to hear about your boner problems, Tyler.
Urd: Mmm... well...
(Urd takes a good look at Tyler.)
Urd: No... you're right.
Tyler: Aww... kinda got my hopes up there, Urd.
Urd: I know. I'm cruel like that.

"oh well.." Kiyone thought,"Until I tell Washu about it...why not make
a negative a positive?"

BF: There's no positive here... there's no positive at all...
Vegeta: Unless you're counting the blood type that will be spilled out
of the author by the bucket if this gets much worse.

In small chance of succeeding this, Kiyone decided to keep quiet about
it until late at night, so she closed her door when entering it and
whipped out the new organ once more, giving it a few looks over.

Tyler (Kiyone): Wow, this is a nice organ... I'll bet I can get some
great sound out of it once I replace a couple of the tubes...
BF: Play "Baby Elephant Walk," Kiyone!

        "zzzzzz....zzzzz" Mihoshi dozed once more infront of the TV, near
slipping off the couch. Kiyone sneaked out the area into the living
room quietly, noticing the static on the T.V set. Creeping to her
partner The officer wanted to make sure she was knocked out.

Vegeta: From what I've read so far, even if she isn't, Kiyone will
promptly remedy that.

"Mihoshi?...Mihoshi are you awake?" No answer. Good. Kiyone watched as
each breath made the bronze girls breasts heave up each time, waking up
her new body part in no time.

Urd (Kiyone's erm... new appendage):  *yawn*  Morning, everybody.
What's up?
Tyler (Kiyone, quietly):  You are!  Now calm down, people are staring!

Without a flinch, Kiyone worked her hands onto Mihoshi's shirt flipping
it up easily. Carmel mounds bounced out without any imprisonment of a
bra, instead of a normal confused look, Kiyone stared in awe.
"Wow...these are massive.."

BF: This is bad, and I don't like it. She's taking Mihoshi's innocence!
Tyler: You'd think she was Haruna or something.
Urd: Who's Haruna?
Tyler: Gave Tenchi a bit of a mind-f***, essentially raping him
mentally.
Urd: That's sick even by my standards. The mind is private.
BF: And yet that's exactly what your spells and potions and stuff screw
around with... hypocrite.
Urd: Actually, my spells just amplify the feelings that one person has
for another. The emotion has to actually exist, at least in some small
way, for them to work.
BF: I still don't like it...
Tyler: Give it a rest, already. We tried to help you.
BF: And a fine job you did, too, jackass.
Tyler: Okay, would it help if I said I was sorry?
BF: I honestly don't know...

Without a second thought she snaked her hands under the left one and
begin to rub it, a small moan emitted from the bronze GP, but increased
her breathing a bit as Kiyone began to rub both of them at the same
time.

Urd: So upon snaking her hand under the left breast, she began to
rub... WHAT, exactly? The ribcage?
Vegeta: You also have to wonder what happened to the gold and silver
GPs...

The blue tressed Kiyone saw her partners' nipples also stiffen as a
result, she slowly placed one leg over Mihoshi side now sitting on her.
Bending down she cupped the erected pink nub into her mouth and licked
it without hesitation. All the treatment on the top heavy Mihoshi
caused her to stir and moan a little more, but was still sound asleep.

BF: This ain't right...
Urd: I know... if you're going to take advantage of someone, at least
let them be awake enough to enjoy it.
Tyler: I dunno... she seems like she's enjoying it enough as is.
BF: You're both so wrong...

Kiyone now had a grin on her face as she released the nipple from her
mouth, having excess spit still keeping them together, and progressed
lower. A few seconds and Kiyone found her partners' button on her
pants, which she quickly ripped off.

Tyler (telemarketer): Hello, button on Mihoshi's pants? I'd like to
make you an incredible offer! You can become a Tier One member of our
organization, and all you have to do is pay us money for four weeks.
The amount you pay on the first day shall only be one penny, and each
subsequent day after that you shall double the contribution of the
previous day. Ergo, on the first day one cent, on the second day two
cents, third day four cents, and so on. Interested? (*author's note...
by the end of the four weeks, the button will owe $2,684,354.56*)
BF (button): Well, sign me up! This IS a great deal! (*author's note...
the button does not HAVE $2,684,354.56*)
Tyler: And that's how people are suckered... er, RECRUITED into
Scientology.
(Buck and Tyler bow.)

The hint of white under them made The police girls smile near Cheshire
like, pushing Mihoshi pants right off to show her bare legs and the
white panties she wore. Kiyone index poked onto the top of the panties
on the head of the small penguin on it,

BF: Beware of the penguins!
Vegeta: A beer commercial reference? That's so lame...
Urd&Tyler: WAZZAAAAAAAAPPP?
Vegeta: But not as lame as that one.
BF: No, you don't understand... I'm giving a fair warning that if this
continues, bad things will befall the author.

Making another moan gasp from Mihoshi. "She is such a child"

(Buck stands up, pointing his finger at Kiyone in a violent rage.)
BF:  PEDOPHILE!
(Buck is pulled back into his seat by Urd.)
Urd:  It's a figure of speech, for crying out loud...

Thought Kiyone about her cute undies, which she pulled to her left to
show Her partners pedals, now slick with wetness.

Tyler: That's one dangerous bicycle... your feet could slip off those
pedals quite easily, and then BAM! Wall.

She must really be enjoying this as much as Kiyone was, as she knelt
off Mihoshi and stuck her face onto the pussy. She wonder what would
happen if she were too. Up came a long...torturous lick on the
lovetunnel, causing an instant shriek of surprise in return from
Mihoshi, who soon grabbing out to nowhere, latching on some of the
couch. Kiyones' pink muscle traveled around inside Mihoshi,

BF: Ewww... they could have reworded that SO easily...
Urd: You know, the tongue is the strongest muscle in the human body.
Tyler: You care to test that later?
Urd: No.
Vegeta: Besides, I can provide proof against... oh, you said human
body. Never mind.
BF: I'd think the tongue would be YOUR strongest muscle too, Vegeta...
after all, your bragging is a lot better than your fighting.
Vegeta: Grr...

coming out once and again over the top and diving in. Even the pokes of
her fingers Mihoshis' rather shocking, true blonde pubic hair, cause
the girls' legs to sprawl around with almost loud whimpers.

Tyler: Don't touch it, Kiyone, you'll get electrocuted.
BF: You know, that's not such a bad idea at this point... electrifying
private parts will keep these things from getting so horrendous.  One
touch and ZAP!  Oh, how I love conditioning...
Vegeta:  Me too.  It's not every guy who can pull off this hairstyle,
and it takes time and painstaking effort to get it to...
(Everybody is staring at Vegeta.)
Vegeta:  What?

"zz ..,Oh..ooooh!" That did it. The blonde hair Mihoshi had her limit,
one loud moan and she gushed helplessly in orgasm, spraying in Kiyone's
face with her liquids."

BF: I think I'm going to be sick...
Urd: It's a natural fact, relax...
BF: The least they could do is be a bit less descriptive about it...
for me, it's all about the romance. Besides, it's Mihoshi! The second
most innocent character in the series!
Tyler: Sasami being first, I'm assuming. Just be thankful she's not in
this.
BF: I wouldn't let it continue if she was...

Huh? mmmph!" Kiyone was caught off guard by the mess her partner just
made, but let it all splash on her face, or catch whatever she could in
her mouth letting it gulp down happily. "Well.Wakey, Wakey, Mihoshi.
"The quiet utter Kiyone spoke as she looked over to see her coming too.

Urd: Coming TOO? I didn't think Kiyone had yet.
BF: You are SO lucky I don't hit women.
Urd: And I'm going to take advantage of that at every opportunity, you
realize.

"Wha..What??" Half-naked and all Mihoshi feel right off the couch at
the sudden look of Kiyones' face in a thud. "KIYONE!?"She shouted, but
through mid-word Kiyone's hand clasped around her mouth. Kiyone was
silent with a grin on her face as she replaced Mihoshi spot on the
couch with herself. "No sleep for you 'Hoshi"

Tyler: I think she just called her a 'ho...
Urd: I think you're right.
BF: I think it's clobberin' time...
Washuu (intercom): Save it for later. We don't want a repeat of
earlier.
BF: Sorry...

Kiyone than grabbed the back of the blonde girl's head in a grip,
pressing her bronze face into the crotch of her shorts. "Kiyone? Kiyone
what are you talking about? What...Why" She wanted to scream, muffled
between Kiyone's legs. ".Undo them with your teeth.now." Silent, but
stern as well, a voice Mihoshi knew too well that Kiyone was serious.
She made a gulp and pressed her teeth onto the metal zip, slowly
pulling down.

Tyler: When teeth meet teeth.
Urd: Argh...
Tyler: We warned you they'd get really bad eventually.

What she got in reward was Kiyone's new harden length pressed into the
side of her face, almost poking out the left eye.

(Buck gives up all pretense and gags, doing all he can to keep from
outright vomiting.)
Urd: Uh... you okay there? It's not like this is that bad or
anything...
BF: No, but what that sentence reminded me of was.
Vegeta: What's that?
BF: Think about it... poking out an eye with...
Vegeta&Tyler: AHHH!!!! NOOOO!!!!
Tyler: You can't mean...
BF: I do mean... Tenchi on a Plate of Sashimi. Most repulsive thing
I've ever had the displeasure of reading. I mean, At the Carrot Patch
was bad, but... it was just child's play compared to what happened in
that story.
Tyler: No pun intended.
BF: Hmm?
Tyler: At the Carrot Patch was child's play?
(Buck slaps Tyler upside the head.)
BF: Sicko.
Tyler: You SAID it!

Mihoshi was in silent terror,

Tyler:  Silent scream!
(The crew open their mouths and wave their arms around, but don't make
a sound.)

breathing becoming a bit rapid at the site. "K..Kiyone!? Kiyone grin
came back again, as she pushed her waist up a bit to let her meat slide
on Mihoshi's face.

BF: So Kiyone is a butcher now, that's fine.
Tyler: No, she has a... *mmph*
BF: Tyler, I'm only going to tell you this once... I have an excellent
defense mechanism built up when it comes to denying things ever
happened... you don't want to break through that defense, it wouldn't
be pleasant.
(Tyler nods and Buck removes his hand from his mouth.)

"Thanks for giving me those pills, Mihoshi. They got rid of my
headache, but look what I got in return."

Vegeta (medical commercial voice-over): And these new green pills will
cure headaches, make muscles grow, help you lose weight, fix your
relationship, AND babysit your children! *much faster*

Sideeffectsincludebutarenotlimitedtodrymouth,incontinence,diarrhea,
pinkeye,emphysema,full-blownAIDS,andasudden,painfuldeath.Askdoctor'
spermissionbeforetaking.
*back to normal* These pills will help you enjoy life again!
(Rest of crew applauds Vegeta's performance.)

Her grip tightened around the back of her partner's head, right in
those blonde strands of the quivering GP. ".Remember that tape I made
you watch? Of the guy and the girl back in the Yagami?"

BF: So Kiyone's a porn freak now... well, that's what happens when you
stress over the little things too often.
Vegeta: Why aren't YOU a porn freak, then?
BF: Because I've seen what that kind of obsession has done to Tyler.

Mihoshi was still a trembling a little, keeping her mouth shut tight as
Kiyone began to probe her lips with the cock, hesitantly nodding.
"Good. Guess what your gonna do?"

Tyler (Mihoshi): Go back to sleep and forget this ever happened?
Please?

The Cyan tressed police girl

Urd: Ah, a police girl AND a space pirate. Ryoko's working both sides
of the fence now, I see.
Tyler: In more ways than one, apparently.
Urd: I like this guy!
Tyler: Thank you! I don't hear that very often.

knew a little secret to get her mouth open, even though Mihoshi kept it
closed. Her hand traveled down her chest a bit, getting to her natural
tanned massive globes.

Vegeta: Which she had received for her uncommonly believable portrayal
of the typical "hooker with a heart of gold" on last season's finale of
CSI.
Tyler: Golden Globes, I get it...
BF: You apparently don't think our audience did, or you wouldn't have
explained the joke.
(Buck turns to face the audience.)
BF: I would like to apologize right now for insulting your
intelligence, for being blatantly self-serving in most of my scenes
with Washuu-chan, and above all, for subjecting you to the crap that is
"Dirty Cops." Usually we save these kind of things for the end, but it
just fit so well here, don't you think?
(And then turns back to the screen.)

In a split second, she squeezed one playfully hard, forcing a yelp out
of her. "ee!-mmph!" A confused daze replaced the look of fear on
Mihoshi's face. Inches of Kiyone being crammed into her mouth.

BF: Yes, Kiyone-brand foot-long submarine sandwiches. Let's not think
about what else they could be talking about.
Tyler: It's not quite a foot-long, but it certainly is Kiyone-brand...
(Buck slaps Tyler again.)
BF: I SAID "Let's not think about what else they could be talking
about."

A moment passed, numerous thoughts swirled in her head.what could she
of done?" Kiyone looked down in Mihoshi's sincere eyes, submissive
maybe. She could see blonde strands bob near her and back slowly with
sloppy audible sounds of sucking.

Urd: So they replaced the boy band album with something better.
BF: Ooh, multiple levels of humor! I likes!

She let out a breathy pant and took that hold off her partner's head,
placing them lightly on the top.

Urd: So let me get this straight... by removing its hold, she removed
Mihoshi's head, that was already being used for...
BF: Don't finish that...
Urd: ... and then placed it on top of something else? This is getting
awfully kinky...
Tyler: I think we passed "kinky" in the bathroom scene.
BF: GAH!!!
(Buck violently launches Tyler toward the rear of the theater.)
Tyler: Ow...
Vegeta: Nice toss.
BF: Used to be a bouncer.

Mihoshi tried to keep up the rhythm of pleasing her partner, sliding
her tongue around the meaty flesh, trying hard not to bite down. She
let the whole thing come out her mouth, holding the rod carefully in
her hands as she serviced the head better. Kiyone moaned lazily with a
wider smile "That's...pretty good Mihoshi" But it changed to a smirk.
"I guess you watch that tape more often.don't you..." she stopped with
a breath. "Slut?"

Crew: Booooo!!!
BF: That's a blatant lie!
Vegeta: That's despicable!
Tyler: That's a tad excessive!
Urd: That's ME!!!

those words made Mihoshi pick up her pace, feeling the head of it bulge
in her slippery mouth. All the sounds and attention on her made Kiyone
grit her teeth with wincing eyes. "Uwhaaa.going to..!"

BF (Kiyone): Finish watching this garbage wrestling and then go take a
shower. It's kinda late.
Vegeta: I don't get it.
BF: *rolls eyes* Japanese wrestling fans, when watching a hardcore or
"garbage" match, say "Uh-waaa" when a devastating blow is landed.
Sorry, but as an ex-pro wrestler myself, it was just something that
leapt into my mind.

With a sharp moan, she splurged out onto Mihoshi face with hot gushing
semen. Mihoshi nearly gagged on what shot into her mouth, pulling out
Kiyone's tool from her mouth.

Tyler (Kiyone): Oh, THAT'S where my pliers went!
Urd: Is this almost over? I don't think I could take another bad pun
like that...

More of it spluttered onto her cheeks and button nose, dribbling down
onto her breasts. Sky blue eyes looked right into Kiyones' with a mouth
full of cum, showing her gulp hard the salty goodness down her buttery
throat.

Urd: And that butter in her throat must have made it all the more
sal... dammit, now you've got ME doing it!
Vegeta:  Buttery throat, butterfingers, carmel mounds... with the kinds
of descriptions the author is giving of Mihoshi, I'm getting hungry for
popcorn.
BF:  You're lucky... I completely lost my appetite a long time ago...

"Its.very warm" She made a small, hiccup of shock, embarrasing her self
a bit.
        Seeing Mihoshi's cute face blushing was all Kiyone needed to get
hard
again.

Urd: A lot more stamina than normal guys.
Rest of crew: Guess I'm not normal, then...
(The three guys look at each other, then quickly back at the screen.
Urd just laughs.)
Urd: Ah yes, male posturing... where would this world be without it?
BF: At peace, most likely.

"Now Mihoshi..." Kiyone dangerous grin returned. "Get up...and go to
the couch" Kiyone pointed to where she wanted Mihoshi to go, which she
did. Kiyone followed, tossing Mihoshi over the end on the side of the
couch,

Vegeta: Another impressive throw... and from a woman, no less.
Urd: You come from a very patriarchal society, don't you?
Vegeta: The Saiya-jin?

Yeah. now leaving her ass up infront of Kiyone. Mihoshi shuddered like
she was cold "K-Kiyone?...are you?" "You bet Mihoshi!" She answerd,
placing her phallus ontop of the tan butt cheeks of her parther."This
is going to be too good. Kiyone was almost salivating at the beautiful
body infront of her...letting the penis slide down Mihoshi's crack and
down to the hot area that awaited it.

BF: Yeah, HELL!!! It's about time the people who write this stuff get
their comeuppance!
Tyler (Trey Parker as Satan): Welcome to my dominion. I have such
delightful horrors to unleash upon thee.
Vegeta (Saddam Hussein): Hey, shut up bitch, this is my show now!
Welcome to Hell, sit down, you need a rest. Just relax, guy...
BF: And, just because 'tis the season...
Crew: *singing* String up the lights and light up the tree, we're
damned for all eternity, but for just one day all is well, it's
Christmastime in Hell!

"Nice and soft...Mihoshi?..hm?" She teased. Mihoshi's face rubbed the
couch as she turned her head. "Please Kiyone!..yessss.."
        "How about..."Kiyone hand reeled backward..and landed onto the right
cheek of her tan friend, making a small *thwap!* sound, causing Mihoshi
to moan out.

BF: Bah... I've never figured out what's so erotic about spanking.
Urd: You ever try it?
BF: No, and I have no intentions of doing so, either.
Urd: You really don't know what you're missing.
Tyler:  Can I find out?
Urd:  No.
Tyler:  I'm in such a rut tonight...

"I give it to you the way you want it, slut?" She drove the cock into
the small area, causing excess wetness to slip out in the tight slit.
Mihoshi.Went.Beserk.

Tyler (dark, foreboding voice): Coming this Christmas to a theatre near
you, the most horrifying film to hit the screen! She was just your
typical Galaxy Police officer with a hermaphrodite for a partner,
until... something went wrong...
Urd (Kiyone): I'm going to f*** your brains out, Mihoshi.
Vegeta (Mihoshi): Too late! *giggle* Oh my God, is that what I think it
is?
Tyler (dfv again): This single incident pushed her a little too far,
and she was going to take it out... on the WORLD!
Vegeta (Mihoshi): My partner has a... has a... *laughs insanely and
fires a machine gun.*
Tyler (dfv): How many would have to die before the siege was over? Just
why did it have to happen? We all knew that we were in trouble when...
"Mihoshi Went Berserk."
Vegeta (Mihoshi): What are you laughing at, punk?
Tyler (dfv): Life would never be the same again. Rated R.
BF: That was wrong on so many levels...

        "Aah..aaaah!!" she wailed, her hands tighting on the side of the
couch
cushions with her face down into it, smelling her own musk of sweat and
body fluids from her breasts.

Urd: Okay, I'm not exactly a biology scholar here, but... should she
really be lactating right now?
Tyler: I don't think so, no... unless Kiyone's soldiers are a lot
faster than...
BF: She doesn't HAVE soldiers!
Tyler: Right... then I can't explain it.

Kiyone also let out a moan of gratifactation now pumping wildly into
her. gripping onto Mihoshi's ass cheeks tightly. "oh..OH Mihoshi!" The
sound of flesh smacking wet flesh filled the living room,

Vegeta: And now for a dramatic recreation of that very scene!
(Vegeta throws a nearby bucket of water on Tyler and slaps the shit out
of him.)
Tyler: Ow! Hey, what are you... stop that!
BF: Now THIS is entertainment!

Mihoshi's song of extacsy drowing it out. "oh gawwwwd Kiyone!" She
forced her legs to keep apart for Kiyone as she pumped, teeth gritting
hard. "Your so tight!..ooooh!" The blue hair Kiyone wanted more,
leaning her self even more inside her parther, she snatched her left
hand around Mihoshi's shoulder and giving more thrust. "KIY-*hic*ONE!
Oh..*hic* *hic* KIYONE!"

Urd: It gave her the hiccups?
Tyler: I uh... I can't explain THAT, either.

The twisted love making had forced hiccups in Mihoshi's throat, her
babbling cut short with a choke.

Tyler: Tsk tsk... Kiyone's getting violent again. And after all that
Mihoshi has done for her today...
BF: This "love making," if you want to call it that, is twisted all
right. That's the most honest thing the author put in this entire
story.

The pounding increaced, placing the blonde girl onto her tan tippy
toes, her whole body aching in spasms.

Urd: Now that's some rough sex...
Tyler: I've always wondered what that was like...
Urd: Sex?
Tyler: No! No no no no, ROUGH sex. If you happen to know anything about
it, I'd be glad to learn from...
Urd: No. But keep trying, you may succeed yet.

Kiyone did slow down however, feeling her limit arise,turning Mihoshi
onto herback Mihoshi was even more back and continuing to fuck her to a
quivering mass of sweat.

BF: Which then collapsed with a resounding splash. The end.

Mihoshi was even more insanly on that brink."AAAAAAAAAH *hic* KIYONE
ITS GONNA HAPPEN! DONT SLOW DOWN!" "Me too,Mihoshi!" Kiyone grabbed for
her partner shapley legs, clinging on for dear life as she was about to
pump her "love semen".

BF (John Cleese): Love don't enter into it, my lad. It's pure sex.
Tyler (shopkeeper): No no, it's love.
BF (John Cleese): All right then. If it's love, let's just see what
happens afterward.

"oh GAW-*hic* Mihoshi finally had a pleasure overload, springing up to
latch her arms around Kiyones neck and screamed her lungs out in
release, over and over...it seem to last a whole 3 minutes. She finally
gave out, collapsing in a mass of quivers and twitches in Kiyone's
arms. Kiyone also gave into the pressure, spraying her "semen" onto the
pedals

Tyler: There's those pedals again... this author must really love
bicycles.

of the near unconcious girl and onto her body. "K-Kiyone.." Mihoshi's
cute face bunched up as she was still recovering. All Kiyone did was
smile, locking her lips onto her partner...lover's lips.
        "Sleep Tight. Lovely."

BF (John Cleese): Hello, Kiyone! I got a nice cuttlefish for you when
you wake up, Kiyone Makibi!
(Tyler grabs Buck's head and turns it back and forth a few times.)
Tyler (shopkeeper): There, she moved.
BF (John Cleese): No she didn't, that was you shaking my head about!
Tyler (shopkeeper): I did not!
BF (John Cleese): Yes you did! Hello, Kiyone! Lovemaking involves
cuddling afterward! Kiyone! Wake up and cuddle! *pause* Now that's what
I call a sleeping beauty.
Tyler (shopkeeper): She's not sleeping, she's just a little tired and
shagged out after a long squall.
BF (John Cleese): Look, my lad, I've had just about enough of this.
That woman is definitely asleep. She's catching forty winks. She has
fallen into slumber and entered the Land of Nod. She's copping some
z's. Getting some shuteye, she shall soon be as good as new after
replenishing her body's energy.
Vegeta: I've had about enough bastardizing of Monty Python, you two.
BF&Tyler: 'kay...
Urd: I think she's copping more than z's, too.

        "K..Kiyone...?"
        "H..hey!?" It was morning already and as if Washu was like a robot
that never slept, she was toiling around her work shop.

Tyler: Ha ha, you're in love with a robot...
BF: Shut up... it says she's LIKE a robot. I mean, Tipper Gore doesn't
seem to mind that kind of thing.

"I knew I had them on this shelf!" Kiyone, who was a morning person
time to time, Was making her way over to the kitchen. "Watch'ya looking
for Washu? "These pills...Aeka and Ryoko wanted me to make, Once Tenchi
came back from Tokyo

All but Urd: AAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!
Urd: What?
BF: You remember how I was saying that Mihoshi wasn't dumb earlier,
because this wasn't Shin?
Urd: Yeah?
BF: She has just become dumb.
Tyler: As did everyone in that series.

they wanted him to drink something with these pills I created, to send
his sexual agression into overload"

Urd: Sending Tenchi's sexual aggression into overload would put him at
about the same level as, oh... a celibate priest.

        "Ooh Really?"
        "Yeah. But they where still an expiriment...Im not sure what would
happen if one of us took It"

Tyler: But we do!
BF: All too well...
Tyler: Aw, come on... you really shouldn't put it down like that. I'll
try anything once.
(Urd rests an elbow on Tyler's shoulder.)
Urd: Anything?
Tyler: That's what I said.
Urd: Well, congratulations. You've found the winning combination. I
have so much I can teach you...
Tyler: YES!
(Buck looks cautiously over at Tyler and Urd, and then looks a little
crestfallen.)

        Kiyone giggled as if she was guilty. "Well who knows? Have you seen
Mihoshi"
        "Thats another thing!" Washu blurted. "What in the world is Mihoshi
doing up so early? The lazy thing went straight to the Yagami to go get
something." Kiyone had a good idea what it was...videotapes, maybe?

Vegeta (Mihoshi): Oh, I forgot I got a new one the other day! I can't
wait to see what happens to that sexy Vegeta when he...
(Vegeta stops amid stares from the other MSTers.)
Vegeta: What?

whoo! im so sorry for getting this out so late X Xand if it seems a bit
rushed Im sorry!

Urd: You mean it's over? Just like that?
BF: I think I've been scarred...
Vegeta: A BIT rushed? It's as if you put every fanboy fantasy into a
blender, added an extra appendage, and typed out the results with your
forehead.
Tyler: At least they apologized for it...

coming soon: 3 times the action!

(Buck sweatdrops.)

BF: Lord no... there was only one other character that appeared in this
dung pile...
Urd: When they say "3 times the action," are they referring to three
people, or six? I mean, there were two people that got busy in this
one... so six in the next is logical.
BF: Kindly shut up, Urd... you're not helping...
Vegeta: *yawns and stretches* Well, let's get this thing back up to the
surface and see what the analysis is, shall we?

(This thing is brought back up to the surface to see what the analysis
is. Buck is leaning back in an office chair with a cold compress on his
head. Vegeta is still reveling in the fact that he messed up Tyler's
plans. Tyler doesn't seem too upset by this, however, as he and Urd are
exchanging phone numbers...)

Tyler: Next time you get banished from the heavens, we should hook up.
Urd: I'd like that, actually. You seem like a really... fun guy.
Tyler: Maybe next time we meet, I'll show you just how "fun" I can
be...

(Urd just grins and moves some hair out of her eyes. Without moving,
Buck speaks up.)

BF: Mark this day on the calendar, Vegeta... Tyler's got a girlfriend,
and she's just as perverted as he is.
Urd: And what, may I ask, is wrong with enjoying sex?
BF: At the risk of editorializing, nothing... so long as there's a
very, very long-term commitment involved. If not marriage, then at the
very least a steady relationship that has been going on for several
years.
Urd: You're such a prude.
Tyler: That's just the thing... he didn't used to be.
Urd: Oh, really?
Tyler: Nope. This guy used to a real player. They didn't call him "The
Hustler" for nothing.
BF: I play pool, Tyler...
Tyler: Yeah, but that wasn't all that earned you that nickname, you
know. See, Urd, the deal is that he changed dramatically when he first
saw Washuu-chan.
BF: For the better, might I add.
Tyler: If you say so. Hey, if you're interested in a full story here,
let's go get a drink before you get called back up.
Urd: That should give us plenty of time...

(Tyler and his new-found "love" interest walk away discussing things.)

Vegeta: Look, weakling, this overreacting has got to stop.
BF: I'm not overreacting...
Vegeta: If you say so... hey look, some anti-Washuu graffiti!

(Buck jumps up from the chair and looks around with anger and
determination in his eyes.)

BF: Where? I'll kill the bastards!
Vegeta: There, you see?
BF: I see wh... *sigh* There is no graffiti, is there?

(Suddenly, Mihoshi runs into the lab and hides behind the two men.)

BF: To what do we owe this pleasure?
Mihoshi: You'll find out soon enough.

(Katsuhito comes in seconds later.)

Katsuhito: Mihoshi, darling! Forget Tenchi, he could never give you the
love that I can!
Mihoshi: Get that crazy old man away from me!
BF: Sir? Is there something wrong? You don't seem like your usual calm,
cool self.
Katsuhito: That's my girl holding your arm! I demand vengeance!

(Katsuhito draws an energy sword. He swings it wildly, but in the
altered state that the former prince of Jurai is in, Buck is able to
dodge the blows with minimal effort.)

BF: Whoa there, buddy... *ducks* could you maybe calm down *bobs* a
little bit? *weaves* Hold on, I think I can *jumps* fix this.
Washuu-chan, we need your *parries blow with a nearby coatrack* expert
assistance.

(Washuu walks in with her customary... well, in this series it's
customary... clipboard.)

Washuu: What is it, Buck? I'm very...

(She looks up to see the goings-on.)

Washuu: ... busy. Okay, I can handle this. Vegeta, knock him out.
Vegeta: Can do.

(Vegeta chops Katsuhito between the shoulder blades. The old man falls
limp to the ground.)

Vegeta: Now what?
Washuu: We're going to strap him down until Urd gets back so we can
have her reverse this. I'd find a cure myself, but I have more pressing
matters to attend to. Come, you can use the table that Dojin Diaster
was on.
Vegeta: You mean you let the author go without letting us get some
small measure of revenge?
BF: Now now, Vegeta... if we just went about killing every author that
writes bad fanfics, eventually they'd cease to be written.
Vegeta: I'm failing to see the down side here.
BF: And then we wouldn't get to spend as much time with Washuu-chan.
Vegeta: Again, I'm failing to see the down side here.
Washuu&BF: I'll pretend I didn't hear that.
Vegeta: Very well... come on, old man...

(Vegeta walks off, dragging Katsuhito with him.)

Mihoshi: Oh, thank you all so much! I don't know what got into him!
Washuu: Any time, Mihoshi.
BF: Glad to be of service, especially after what I saw you put through
today.
Mihoshi: You're not making people watch bad fanfics again, are you?
Washuu: As a matter of fact...
Mihoshi: Oh God... let me guess, Kiyone and I are lesbians again?
BF: Something like that.
Mihoshi: Typical.
BF: Wait a second... is Kiyone HERE?
Mihoshi: No, actually. I haven't seen her since the ultra energy matter
case. Why?
BF: *breathes sigh of relief* Thanks, Mihoshi. Just checking.

(Mihoshi leaves the lab.)

Washuu: What was that all about, Buck?
BF: I was just making sure we were in the proper continuity here. I'm
not about to stay in a world where the lot of you are so out of
character.
Washuu: You know, you could have just asked me months ago what universe
this was. As the greatest scientific mind of all time, do you honestly
think I don't know what parallel worlds there are?
BF: Oops... sorry. It just never entered my mind until today.
Washuu: Speaking of entering minds, I think it's safe for you guys to
go back to America for awhile. When I need you again, you'll know it.
BF: Gotcha.

(Buck turns to leave, but Washuu stops him.)

Washuu: Wait... I just wanted to tell you how moved I was by your
handling of Tyler and Urd earlier.
BF: Yeah, about that... it's just...
Washuu: Shh... I've never heard anybody say things like that about
me... you really do care about me, don't you?
BF: Like no other. What, you thought this was purely a physical
attraction?
Washuu: At first, yes... it took a few meetings for me to realize
otherwise.
BF: Jeez, Washuu-chan, I'm not some freak who chases after 12-year-old
girls, you know. Personality is everything for me in terms of those I
love, just as romance is everything for me in terms of how I work
relationships.
Washuu: I know, I know... and that's very refreshing. I think I'm
beginning to rediscover a deeper emotion that I thought was long gone.

(Buck's eyes light up like Atlanta on fire.)

BF: Could it be lo...
Washuu: Let's not go nuts.
BF: Sorry. I got a little excited.
Washuu: But you've made me feel better today than I've felt in several
thousand years. All thanks to my side experiment in deferred
gratification.
BF: So that's why you wanted to make them think that their plot had
worked.
Washuu: That, and Vegeta thought it would be really funny to wave that
carrot in front of Tyler's face before yanking it away.
BF: He had it coming.
Washuu: Speaking of Tyler, he and Urd just met. Why are they wandering
off together already?
BF: Tyler's a horn-dog, Urd's pretty much a slut. Need I say more? I
have to admit that when he finally hit on something that attracted her
to him, I got a little jealous.
Washuu: Why? You want Urd, too? *laughs*
BF: *laughs* Stop messing around. No, it's just that, well... he got
the woman he was after in less than an hour. I've known you for... how
long, exactly?
Washuu: Let's see... you answered my ad back in February... so almost
ten months.
BF: There, you see? But, it's like you brought up... deferred
gratification. Nothing good will come to those unwilling to wait for it
and work for it.
Washuu: My thoughts exactly.
BF: Well, if I'm going to get back to the States anytime soon, I'd
better drag Tyler away from his new girlfriend and see what I can do
about plane tickets. I'll see you next time.
Washuu: Indeed you shall.

(Buck backs toward the transporter that takes you directly to the main
floor of the Masaki house. As the white ring encapsulates him, he waves
good-bye to the beautiful genius, who waves back. He then disappears.
Washuu sighs contentedly.)

Washuu: He's almost there... he's admitted to having feelings for me,
he's demonstrated intelligence, he's shown that he's willing to work
diligently for something that he desires... and now he's proven beyond
all doubt that his feelings are pure and that he loves me too much to
take the cheap way out... or in, if you prefer. I think one more time
through the wringer should bring him over that final hurdle and get him
what he truly wants... and deserves.

(Washuu smiles, then goes to enter today's data into her files. Fade to
black.)
-------------------------------
Urd is owned by Animeigo, and, much like Washuu-chan, is used without
permission. Please note that Urd is not really a slut... she's
originally a little shady, but by the end of AMG, you find a certain
level of respect for her. But you know, why not magnify certain
characteristics for the aspect of continuity in the MST itself?
Besides, you kind of need someone like that for the first real lemon
that you work with, and Tyler... well, he needed someone to identify
with.

You know, one time, I'd like to obtain permission from an anime company
to use a character. I don't care who it is, just so I can say,
"so-and-so appears courtesy of this company. I thank them for allowing
me to use one of their characters." Wouldn't that just be so cool?

Anyway... as always, I'm being blatantly self-serving at the end. It's
kind of a way to escape. Considering that Buckeroo is, for all rights
and purposes, ME. Just stronger, more charismatic, and better-looking
is all. Oh, and shorter. Can't forget that, not that it matters. But I
did make full stats on him when I created him for the FFWA over three
years ago.

I'm digressing again. Anyway, being self-serving is a privilege of all
fanfic writers, good and bad. I just hope that I'm not abusing said
privilege too much. But the fact remains that, even if I am, the
psychology behind such a practice is fascinating. Sometimes I'd like to
have a psychological profile done on myself... if anyone out there is
interested...

So, in conclusion... whether you liked this MST and want me to do more
(they're coming, one sooner than you think), hated it and want me to
stop writing entirely (sorry, won't happen), are interested in me doing
one of your fics in the future (always open to suggestions), or want to
do that psychological profile I mentioned above, you can just e-mail me
at buckfloyd@yahoo.com with any comments you may have. Guten bye-bye!