Subject: [FFML] [fanfic] [Tenchi Muyo!] [Halloween] [spam] "Cabbula"
Date: Tue, 20 Oct 1998 19:33:14 -0500 (CDT)
From: Andrew <c621358@showme.missouri.edu>
To: Anime Fanfiction Mailing List <ffml@fanfic.com>

        It was dark and stormy night. Ryo-ok-hi hopped around looking for
Tenchi. She grinned as she saw him laying near the fireplace, reading a book. As
she crept around to ambush him, she noticed the cover of the book, "Dracula."
She grinned again. She loved that story.
        Tenchi felt something. He didn't know exactly what it was. But, it
wasn't a good nor a bad feeling. Ryoko and Ayeka were not at home. Ryoko was at
a convention explaining the virtues of corporate pirating and Ayeka had gone
with Sasami to the Opera to give her an education on how to act at the opera.
And Washu was upstairs, watching television. And his grandfather was out
hunting, which struck Tenchi strange since he never said what he was hunting.
All Tenchi hoped he wasn't hunting for rabbits.
        The cabbit manouvered around like solider, always checking to see if
anyone was going to ambush her position. She was now peering around the sofa,
seeing Tenchi's long and graceful neck in view. She grinned in a cutely evil
kind of way.
        Tenchi felt a jolt as he felt Ryo-ok-hi pounce him. He looked behind his
shoulder to see the grey cabbit purring and grinning on his neck. He smiled.
        "Ryo-ok-hi, you look so cute like that," Tenchi smiled.
        "Miyaa!" She snuggled her head on his neck.
        "Aww, you're purring even louder, how cute!" he chuckled.
        She rubbed the neck with her paw and some rubbing alcohol swabs. Then
she butchered his neck with her two sharp fangs and bucked teeth. Tenchi
shuddered and moaned.
        "Ryo-ok-hi...what...are...you doing?" He felt paralyzed, not knowing
what to do. His world started to spin, and he felt dizzy.
"Must...get...up...warn...Washuuu..." He couldn't get up. He felt tired. Half
dead.
        Ryo-ok-hi drank up his blood as much as she could. Then she returned the
favor. She spilled her blood into him. Tenchi felt a pain in his mouth. His gums
started to sting. Tenchi dazily saw a cabbit finish up her drink of blood.
        She smiled. The red blotches of blood looked cute on her face. Real
cute. And with that, Tenchi fainted. With a thud.
        Quickly, Ryo-ok-hi teleported to a spot above the hallway in the living
room. She guessed that Washu would be downstairs within 2.3 minutes, figuring
that it would take a moment for her to find a nice stopping point to go
downstairs.
        About three minutes later, Washu stomped downstairs.
        "Well, it's about time for break. Say, Tenchi...Tenchi? Tenchi!" Washu
saw the proned boy laying down. He was hardly breathing at all.
        Dispite eons and eons of existance, the world's greatest scientist
wailed out like a Sailor Moon wanna be before she powered up.
        "Nooooo! Tenchi! Don't die on me! You know how much I loved you! I loved
you even more than my daughter does!" Washu tried to use every ounce of her
knowledge to revive the boy.
        "Nothing seems to be working...but I AM the world's greatest scientist!
And I will do everything in my power to revive my dear Tenchi to...urk!"
Ryo-ok-hi wasted no time to bite into her creator.
        Washu glanced down to see her cabbit fiercely chomping down on her
neck...sucking out blood like she drank that carrot juice she had for breakfast.
Washu succumbed to the same fate as Tenchi, her eyes rolled back. She slumped
over while Ryo-ok-hi continued to drink from Washu massive arteries.

        A few hours later, Sasami and Ayeka trudged home.
        "Why were you snoring through the aria, Sasami? Honestly, you should
have more manners than that."
        "Ayeka, it was boring! Truly boring!"
        "B-b-but I thought you'd like the Magic Flute, Sasami."
        "It was boring. Next time, take me to some rock concert. I hear that
DoCo is doing a reunion tour."
        Sasami entered into the house. Ryo-ok-hi pounced on Sasami.
        "Waii! Ryo-ok-hi! You look sooo cute tonight. Too bad you couldn't come
to the opera tonight with me. You would have at least kept me company."
        Ayeka shook her head.
        "Hello, is anyone home?"
        Tenchi walked in slowly from the dining room. His clothes were a mess.
        "Tenchi! Boy, I'm glad to see you. Uh, Tenchi, you look somewhat pale.
Are you okay? What's with the blood?"
        "My dear Ayeka, I had an accident eariler tonight. But, Washu fixed it,
and I will be fine soon. How was the opera?"
        "It was not very good. Sasami snored half-way through it!"
        "I couldn't help the fact it was boring!" she replied. "I like a lot of
things, but listening to a bunch of overweight women singing isn't one of them."
        "Sasami!"
        "Well, I can't help but be bored hearing people speaking in a language
that I can't understand!"
        "There's a libretto that you could have read!"
        "It was in English!"
        "Perhaps you can settle your argument later," said Tenchi in a smooth
manner. "Ayeka, you look rather ravishing tonight."
        Ayeka looked down at her dress and back at Tenchi. She blushed. "Oh,
Tenchi. It's nothing. Is this attractive to you?"
        "Very attractive." He slid over next to her. Something about the way he
was acting didn't make sense to her, and she was about ready to react when
Ryo-ok-hi bit Sasami's neck.
        "Ieeeee!" screamed the little girl.
        "Ryo-ok-hi! What on--" she couldn't finish the sentence as Tenchi
roughly grabbed her and punctured her white neck with his newly shaped fangs.
The two girls moaned and thrashed as the cabbit and boy swallowed up the fresh
blood. Sasami looked to see Ayeka's face already turning pale.
        "No...Tenchi," she breathed before she passed out. Ayeka followed suit.
        Tenchi and Ryo-ok-hi finished their drinking and transfering of blood.
As soon as the cabbit was finished, she turned and looked at Tenchi finishing up
his work on the Jurian Princess.
        "Miyaa?" asked the cabbit.
        Tenchi looked up. "Yes, I believe I could go for a carrot right about
now. I believe I had left some in the refrigator. But, I must finish drinking
Ayeka." Ryo-ok-hi nodded, as she staggered her way towards the kitchen, leaving
Sasami to twitch on the floor. Then she changed her mind and pounced on Ayeka to
suck on her a while.

        Ryoko came home in very good spirits. She had gone to a tarot reading
after the conference, and she learned that she would quickly improve her
relationship with her mother, Washu. After floating through the doorway, she
looked around.
        The place was now much darker.
        "Ryoko," said Washu. Ryoko turned and looked at the world's greatest
scientist as she slowly walked in from the kitchen. Instead of her usual pink
science labsuit, Washu was dressed in a long black robe that slithered on the
floor like an amobea. Her pink hair was now a darker pink color and had gone
from a punk to a very frilly and curly look. She nearly didn't look like the old
Washu herself.
        "M-m-mother. Y-yyou look different tonight."
        "I watched Addams' Family Values tonight. I loved Mortia's dress and
decided to make a dress for myself. Don't you think I look volumptous,
daughter?"
        "Um...you've been playing around with omega compounds too much, haven't
you? And what's this daughter stuff? You've haven't called me 'daughter' in
years. And what's with the curly hair? And what does 'volumptous' means?"
        "Can't I change my hair style everyone once in a millennium, daughter?"
        "I suppose so."
        "Well, I am." She slid closer and closer to Ryoko. Ryoko started to
sense something was wrong.
        "So, daughter, how was the convention?"
        "G-g-g-good. It was a productive session. I'm thinking about changing
careers and become a hacker."
        "Excellent. I always knew that you had excellent intelligence.
Eventually, you will see a purpose and use for that brainpower."
        Ryoko's face started to flush white.
        "Um, Mom, are you okay? I mean, you've never complemented me like that."
        "Have I ever?"
        "N...no. Say, where's Ryo-ok-hi?"
        "Miyaa!" The cabbit jumped from her hiding place on the bookshelf and
tried to stab Ryoko's neck. Ryoko grabbed the cabbit just before she struck
blood.
        "What in Kami-sama...fangs?"
        Washu pounced on her daughter and hit her aorta. Ryo-ok-hi squirmed out
of the doomed pirate's grasps and started to pierce an artery. The arms stood
there, but eventually floated to the ground.
        Ryoko tried to focus her vision, it was starting to blur. She focused
enoughed to see her mother feverishly drinking away at her daughter.
        "M-m-mother...why? W-wwhat are you doing?"
        "I'm drinking your blood, my daughter. You must join the others." And
with that, Ryoko's vision blackened.

        Later on that night, the Galaxy Police arrived at Tenchi's house. Kiyone
and Mihoshi crash their ship into Tenchi's front porch.
        "Come on! Tenchi's hurt!" shouted Mihoshi. "It's a good thing Sasami
called us before she called the regular police!"
        Kiyone nodded, figuring that if anything else, this was well worth the
police training.
        "Hiyaa!" screamed Mihoshi as she tried to bust the door down, only to
hit the door and fall over to the ground. Kiyone sighed and opened the door.
Both detectives pulled out their laser guns as they entered.
        "Okay, Mihoshi, set your phasers on stun. We don't want to kill anyone,
okay?"
        "Look, Kiyone! Blood!"
        Kiyone pulled out her electronic scanner, and examined the blood.
        "I think it's Tenchi's blood, but there is a lot of other people's blood
there too. It's hard to see who's blood is it," she said.
        "But, Tenchi's blood is mixed in this, somehow, right?"
        "I'm not sure."
        "Where is Tenchi?"
        "I don't know...I can't read any vital signs anywhere."
        Mihoshi gasped.
        "Nooo! Don't tell me that Tenchi's dead!!!"
        "Mihoshi! Don't jump to conclusions like that!"
        "But Kiyone, if you...you're not reading any vital signs...then he isn't
alive!"
        "Well, I-I-I mean this unit might need to be repaired. Have you ever
thought of that?"
        "Well...no." There was a pause while Mihoshi tried to think."Sh...should
we c-c-ccontinue, then?"
        "Well, don't you want to see Tenchi?"
        Mihoshi nodded. They explored the place some more.
        As they turned the corner, the duo bumped into Sasami. Her blue hair
looked a bit darker. She wasn't smiling either.
        "Sasami? What's wrong?"
        "Tenchi's dead!"
        "No!" screamed Mihoshi. "Not Tenchi! H-He...he meant so much to me!" She
started to bawl.
        "He meant something to YOU?!" screamed Kiyone, "what about ME!!!"
        "Don't worry, Mihoshi," calmly said Sasami, "I'll make it all feel
better." And with that, she gently moved her head to the right, sniffed her
neck...
        "Um, Sasami...what are you doing?"
        Suddenly, Tenchi appeared and clasped Kiyone.
        "She will do what I will do, right Ryo-ok-hi?"
        "Miyaa!"
        Kiyone glanced upward to see the cabbit floating up her, smiling. Her
eyes, her eyes was a dark red.
        Mihoshi glanced upward, her eyes much more dazed than normal. "Tenchi!
I...I thought you were dead!"
        "Technically, I'm dead. And you will be too."
        "MIYAA!" screamed the cabbit. Tenchi and Sasami immediately stabbed the
two Galaxy Police. Kiyone smiled a bit, but that smiled faded. If she had to
have her blood sucked to death, she was glad it would be by Tenchi. However, she
never thought her life would end quite like this...

        The rain had started to pour heavily when Kashushito Masaki came home.
His clothes were all a mess. What started out a white suit was now mostly pink.
He held up a stake. It wasn't even his. But, that was all that remained of the
girl he only knew as Buffy. She saidHe looked up at his home. It was totally
dark. And was really a shame, he didn't have it in his heart to kill the cute
panda.
        He opened the door, and walked into the house. The living room looked
sparkling clean, as it should be. Sasami was always bit of a stickler for
cleanliness. He poked around. Everyone was in bed, sleeping. But, something was
wrong. Then again, there was always something wrong when it comes to Tenchi and
his friends.
        He sighed figuring whatever happens will happened tomorrow morning.
After all, he reasoned, nothing could possibly be worse than what happened
tonight.
        Ten minutes later, he felt a cold chill. He stood up in his futon. He
saw Tenchi, Washu, Sasami, Ayeka, Mishoshi, Kiyone, Ryoko, and Ryo-ok-hi looked
at him with cool, smoldering eyes. They were all dressed alike in 17th Century
black European garments with very curly hair. If he didn't know any better, he'd
say, "So, where did you get these costumes from? Anne Rice?"
        However, Kashushito grabbed the stake and cried, "My dear Tenchi! Who'd
turned you into such a hideous beast! If you knew the problems that I and Buffy
went through."
        "Miyaa!" the cabbit replied. Tenchi threw the bloodied remains of Buffy
onto the bed.
        "Our Master, Ryo-ok-hi, says that she was always a sucker for someone
cute. And personally for me, I must agree, Ryo-ok-hi is as cute as you can get
for a vampire," said Tenchi, who smiled a little bit, but not much.
        Tenchi's grandfather looked at the cabbit. "You're a vampire?"
        "It's a forced mutation," said Washu. "Apparently, some cabbits
naturally become vampires. It is the cat part of the cabbit that is coming
through."
        "B...but vampires get killed if attacked by sunshine...they have to have
blood all of the time...I mean..."
        "Not with cabbits that become vampires," added Ryoko. "All they need is
blood or carrots. Besides, they taste very much alike."
        "Carrots?" blinked Tenchi's grandfather.
        "Yes. But, my dear grandfather, it is time for you to go. Ryo-ok-hi
considers you a threat, being a vampire slayer and all."
        "No, grandson, I will not. I will not!" And with that he grabbed the
stake that was next to the bed and frantically tried to stab Ryo-ok-hi. The
cabbit giggled like a pokemon character and lighted the gem on her forehead. A
beam of light hit the stake and it disintegrated. Tenchi's grandfather's hand
was burned badly.
        "Owwowowowowwww!" he screamed. "Wait...there must be something else here
I can use...something!"
        Ryo-ok-hi giggled again and hovered over the slayer.
        "Tenchi! Ryoko! Sasami! Snap out of it!" Alas, it was no use. The group
looked unfazed as they slowly walked towards Tenchi's grandfather. Then they got
to a point, and waited.
        Ryo-ok-hi smiled and then said in a deep and demonic voice, "MIYAAAAA!"
And with that the feeding frenzy was on. After they discarded the body and
buried it in the ground, the troup floated to a huge coffin created by Washu.
        "Miyaa?" asked the cabbit as she examined the structure.
        "Yes, Master Ryo-ok-hi, it's designed to be fireproof. And there's no
way anyone from the outside can open the coffin once we're in it. I determined
that with all of us joined at your command, that a single structure would work
better than seperate containers."
        "Miyaa!" nodded Ryo-ok-hi. And with that, everyone piled into coffin,
Ryo-ok-hi the last to enter.
        ******
        Meanwhile, at a Dojo nearer to Tokyo, a very sleepy red-head pig-tail
girl is awakened by slurping sounds.
        "Pops, it's two o'clock in the morning! What ya want?" She turns around
to see a panda sucking blood out of an unconscious Akane. Near the floor, he
already sees the passed out body of P-chan.
        The panda holds up a sign saying, "I'm hungry. I need a transfusion." He
flips the sign over. "You're next."

