Disclaimer: The characters of Tenchi Muyo are the property of AIC, as are the characters of
Lost Universe. The characters of Ranma 1/2 are owned by Viz Video, the characters of
Cowboy Bebop are owened by Bandai entertainment and Emotion. The characters of
Irresponsible Capitan Tylor are the property of Right Stuff international. The characters of
Patlabor are the property of U.S. Manga incorporated. The characters of Rurouni Kenshin
are the property of Anime Works.  The characters and concepts of Dragonball Z are the
property of TOEI animation.  All these characters are belong to them. So please don't sue
me, as I have no money.

Aknowledgements: I'd like to thank Rurouni-Ken-ouki for his joke suggestions and pre-reading.

The Canal MSTs Chapter four: The Return of Kagato
By Paul"IrrCapT" Bernard

(In the Theater of the Canal)
Kane Blueriver: (activates screen) Hi guys!
Sgt. Ota: GO AWAY! Haven't you tormented us enough?
Spike: NO, DON'T GO AWAY!.  SEND US A GIRL, PLEASE!
Kane: ... Starving for company, are you?
Lt. Yamamoto: That's nothing.  Look at Ryoga.
Ryoga Hibiki: (sits in a fetal position, glowing with yellow energy)
Kane: What's with him?
Yamamoto: He's stuck in such a deep depression he is exuding a Chichi Hokodan aura
continuously.
Kane: (Sweatdrops) Eep.  Well, you'll be happy to know that my next MSTer is a woman.
Spike and Ryoga: THANK YOU!
Kane: But you have to MST another Tenchi/DBZ crossover.
Entire Cast: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Ota: I think I'd rather have no girl...
Spike: WHAT ARE YOU SAYING!
Kane: Anyway, here's your new MSTer.  It's......Dr. Megumi Takani!
Yamamoto: Here she comes....Miss Cursed MSTer.....
Megumi Takani: (Falling out of a portal) What the?  Where am I?
Kane: You are here to do MSTs with this cast.  And keep them from being sick during a
Tenchi/DBZ crossover.
Megumi: That's beyond my powers.  I have no ability to cure the mind!
Kane: (sweatdrops again) Anyway, Let's start the Fic!

Seating order is Lt. Yamamoto from Irresponsible Captain Tylor, Ryoga Hibiki from Ranma
1/2, Megumi Takani from Rurouni Kenshin, Spike from Cowboy Bebop, Sgt. Ota from
Patlabor

The Return of Kagato
by the masked maniac writer

Spike: Oh god.  The fic is KOKIRI too! 
Ota: Huh? Isn't that the guy who was here before?
Spike: NO, it means Kagato Or Kain Inevitably Resurrected Indiscriminately.  It applies to all
fics that resurrect one of these two without explanation.  
Megumi: But how do you know that that will happen.  
Spike: My cliche plot sense is going off.  

Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters that appeared on any of the Tenchi series or
movie, or any other shows, I'm just using them for this story. The only character I do own is
my own.

Yamamoto: Does that mean what I think it means?
Spike: If you think It means an SI, lets hope not.

Summary: Kagato makes his return and is still after Tenchi's power. But when somebody
who may be even MORE powerful than either of them shows up, madness, chaos, and pure
insanity ensues. Please read and review.

Spike:....It means SI.  God, this is the fic from hell!
Ota: Only if the characters are portrayed badly.
Spike: Ota, the thing is a DBZ/Tenchi crossover with a dumb Kagato resurrection and SI. 
Do you think that the characters are going to be treated well?
Megumi: Kami save us!
Ryoga: Son of a BI-
Yamamoto: (smacks Ryoga) PG rating!
Ryoga: The kid isn't here anymore!
Yamamto: Right.  Force of habit.

It was a late night at the Masaki household and everybody was asleep.

Ota: Kagato came and slit all of their throats in their sleep.  The End!
Kane: Ota, you aren't getting off that easy.

Well, almost everybody. Poor Sasami was lying awake in bed, unable to fall asleep, for the
past hour or so, Sasami had been lying awake in bed, and trembling.

Yamamoto: And thinking in run-on sentences.

"Oh why can't I get to sleep, what's wrong with me," Sasami thought.  Suddenly Sasami felt
sick 

Ota: We feel sick too.
Spike: No kidding....I'm being overwhelmed by cliche plot sense.

she got up and tiptoed down the hall to the bathroom and shut the door behind her. She
turned on the light and looked at herself in the mirror. Sasami's reflection was pale; her eyes
were a little lighter than usual too.  

Ryoga: And to get a Doctor's opinion, what disease does she have, Megumi?
Megumi: None that I know of!  First case I saw that had the eyes lighten as a symptom.

And her whole body was shaking uncontrollably. "Oh no, am I sick? I can't afford to be sick
I've got too much work to do," Sasami said to herself. Then, a thought came to Sasami.
"Washu, maybe she can help me," Sasami said to herself, 

Yamamoto: While Washu is a logical choice.  Sasami should at least have the courtesy to tell
AEKA.

she shut off the lights and walked downstairs, making sure to be as
quiet as possible.

Ryoga: (doing a VERY good Sasami impression) Sneak, Sneak, Sneak!
Megumi: What the?
Spike: Don't ask.

In the laboratory, Washu was working diligently at her holotop, working on yet another
experiment of hers. "Whew, I thought finding out the truth of a fast food restaurant's secret
sauce would be easy, but this is more difficult than I expected," Washu said to herself 

Spike: Not to mention more disgusting!
Ota: Yeah, Why would you WANT to know what's in Secret Sauce?
Yamamoto: It would make a great vomit inducer.
Megumi: Hmmmm....that's an interesting idea....
Entire Cast: (Sweatdrops)

and continued to work hard, and then there was a knock at the lab door. "I'm busy, come 
back tomorrow," Washu replied. 

Ryoga: (doing a Sasami Impression) Okay Washu!  I'll just curl into a corner and die here!

"Washu, please, can't I come in, I don't feel too well," came Sasami's voice
from the other side of the door.

Spike: You know, Sasami, there is a viewport you can use, instead of trying to shout through
the door....
Yamamoto: As well as you sort of need to form that in the phrase of a question
Ota: Come on, Yamamoto.  This isn't Jeopardy.
Yamamoto: I don't think that the author has quite grasped the mechanics of writing dialog.  

"Huh, okay Sasami come in," Washu told her 

Ryoga: I'd be just a BIT more concerned if Sasami was so sick she couldn't sleep.
Megumi: Yeah.

and saved the data that she had deciphered, this was more important than
find out the secret sauce's secret,

Ryoga: Secret sauce's secret sauce's secret sauce's secret...... @.@.  Dizzy.

Sasami was her friend. Sasami opened the lab door and stumbled in, she almost fell on the
floor. "Easy Sasami, don't worry, I'll try and find out what's wrong with you," Washu
reassured her, she picked Sasami up

Spike: At this point, Washu isn't much larger than Sasami.  How is she picking her up?

And carried her over to a lab table and laid her down on it. "All right Sasami, I'll run some
tests and see just what's wrong with you," Washu reassured her and walked over to her
console. "Now hold still Sasami, this won't hurt,"

Megumi: The stinging that you will feel is just the 20,000 volts of electricity coursing
through your body....

she added and began to type in several commands.

Suddenly, a bright red and thin light appeared over Sasami,

Yamamoto: How is light THIN?  Do you mean a thin BEAM of light?

 it started at the bottom of her feet and slowly moved up to the top of her head and slowly
went back down to feet and repeated this several times.

Yamamoto: (doing a Washu Impression) Price check, Aisle five on Sasami Jurai.

 Washu carefully read over the data that was begin displayed on her computer and soon came
to a conclusion.  

Ryoga: Sasami is preganant?
Entire Cast: (SMACKS Ryoga) That's disgusting!

"Oh my," Washu said in a concerned tone. Sasami became very nervous when she heard this.
"W-w-what is it Washu? Am I sick," Sasami asked nervously. Washu  turned her chair
around and walked over to Sasami. "You're fine Sasami, you're just growing that's all.

Spike: By growing, do you mean growing, or maturing?
Megumi: I think growing.  She's a bit too young to mature, bad lemon plots to the contrary.

 Go back to bed and you'll be fine," Washu reassured her.  Sasami was glad to hear this, but
something was still bothering her.

"Washu, could I please stay here for tonight? I can't sleep and I'd feel better if I was here
with you then I'd have someone to talk to," Sasami told her. "Well, okay Sasami, for tonight,
but only if you behave so I can get my work done," Washu told her. 

Yamamoto: It's SASAMI.  She might pull a prank once or twice, but not while she's sick!

"I'll be good, I just hope I can sleep," Sasami told her. 

Spike:....Didn't she just say that she couldn't sleep and wanted to stay up talking?  
Yamamoto: Maybe she hopes that Washu will start to explain something boring like the
history Galactic Movements....

"I'd mix you up a sedative Sasami but I don't like to give out drugs unless
it's absolutely necessary,"

Ryoga: (imitating Washu) I need them to carry on my drug dealing sideline.....
Spike: Ryoga, shut up!

 Washu told her as she typed something on her holotop, and on the lab floor appeared a
single mattress, a pillow, a sheet, and a comforter incase she got chilly. "Thanks Washu,"
Sasami said and hugged her. "It's no problem Sasami, now remember, you said you'd be
good," Washu reminded her. 

Ota: Sugar...overdose....need......insulin......

"I'll try my best Washu," Sasami told her before crawling into the bed
and pulling the sheet over herself.

Washu worked for hours, trying to figure of the secret of the secret sauce,

Megumi: But that (holds up one finger)....is a secret
Spike: Please don't do that....

 Sasami had fallen asleep a while ago, the poor girl couldn't stay awake any longer. "Poor
Sasami, she's a sweet kid," Washu thought and continued to work diligently. And then,
success. "Yes, finally, the secret to the secret sauce is..."

Entire Cast: BUCKET!

 but before Washu could say anything,

Entire Cast: Whew!

 her computer screen went blank. "What, oh how could this be," Washu asked no one in
particular.

"My dear Washu, still the same old klutz," came a man's voice from inside the lab. Washu
turned around and saw a tall man with long, ash white hair and a pair of very small glasses on
his nose. "*Gasps* Kagato," Washu said in surprise.

Ota: Washu is a genius scientist, but she can't tell that KAGATO is in her LAB!?!?

(Author's Note: Allright, I'm sorry but I have no idea what the OAV Tenchi series is but the
Kagato I'm using for this story is the one who had the ship called Souja, if that's how you
spell it. He's also the same Kagato who had Washu imprisoned, hope this clears things up).

Yamamoto: Huh? You don't know what OAV Kagato is, but you can define him perfectly?
Spike: You know what that means?
Yamamoto: What?
Spike: Cartoon Network Newbie!
Ota: Kami preserve us!

"Yes Washu, I'm back.

Spike: (imitating Kagato) And I'm here to pump *clap*....You up!

 And guess who I've got," Kagato said and held up a crystaline object, containing what
appeared to be Sasami, only miniaturized.

Spike:.....Okay, this strains credibility....Not only does Washu not know that Kagato was in
her lab, but she doesn't notice that Sasami has disappeared?!
Yamamoto: Washu must REALLY get lost in her work......

"Why you monster, let her go!" "No, I think not, she's my bargaining chip, 

Spike: (imitating Kagato) I bid a Sasami!
Ota: (imitating Tenchi) I'll see your Sasami, and raise you a Light-Hawk Wing!

Tenchi will be more than willing to give his power to me to get her back," Kagato told her.

Yamamoto: HELLO!  You are in OAV universe!  Tenchi can barely SUMMON his power,
let alone GIVE it to you!

  Washu was really mad when she heard this, she took a fighting stance and began to holler,
power surged from her body, her hair glowed bright blond and went gravity defying, even
more than usual. 

Spike: Washu is a Saiyan.  RIIIIIIIIIIIIGHT!
Megumi: The only thing less believable than that is NOBIYUKI is a Saiyan.
Yamamoto:....Don't go there.  We already MSTed that fic.

"We'll see about that," she replied and flew at Kagato and landed a punch to his jaw and
knocked him back.

Ota: Oh yea! I haven't seen a good fight in a long time!

"That's just one trick I have up my sleeve Kagato. I've used the DNA of an extinct race
known as the Saiyans

Spike: Ummm, since DBZ happens in Earth's future, and Tenchi about ten years
ago....Saiyans aren't extinct.

 on myself and this is what happened, I became even stronger. And now I'm going to take
you down," Washu yelled and tried to punch him again, but this time Kagato grabbed her fist
and started to crush it. "I'm not stupid Washu, I won't fall for the same trick TWICE,"
Kagato told her and threw her to the floor and then gave her a swift kick to the ribs,
knocking her against a wall and unconscious, making her return back to her former self.
"Stupid Washu," Kagato said again, but then he could feel a stabbing pain in his foot,

Ryoga: (Imitating Washu) Hotfoot!

 he looked down and saw a mechanical object (a Farscape DRD look a like of course).

Spike: A what?
Yamamoto:...Never make comparisons to an object in a series other's might not have seen. 
Just describe it.

 "Stupid inventions," he said and crushed it before disappearing into thin air and back to his
ship.

Ota: well, since Kagato respects Washu as a scientist, He'd probably STEAL the invention
first, rather than destroy it.
Spike: Whatever the hell it was supposed to be.

The next day, everybody was awake and going about their normal routines,

Megumi: *blink* I think at least AEKA would have noticed Sasami MISSING!
Ota: No DUH!

 Ayeka and Ryoko were watching a soap opera,

Spike: (imitating Tenchi) Hey Aeka.  Where's Sasami?
Ryoga: (imitating Aeka) Huh, wha?  Don't bother me now, Brad is about to propose to
Marsha!
Spike: (imitating Tenchi) OOOOOOOH! Let me watch!

 Ryo-Ohki was munching on her carrots, Tenchi was tending to his chores, and everybody
was waiting for breakfast. They all thought that Sasami had gone to the store to get some
ingredients. 

Yamamoto: Except Aeka, who hadn't seen her all morning an thought that she had been
kidnaped.  She'd deal with that after lunch.

"I wonder what's taking Sasami so long," Ayeka asked. Suddenly the sound of running could
be heard in Washu's lab, then the door burst open and Washu ran out, gasping for air.
"K-K-Kagato, he, he kidnapped Sasami," Washu managed to say.

Megumi: And no one seemed to care, since they didn't care that she had MYSTERIOUSLY
DISAPPEARED!

 Everybody ran over to her when they heard this. "What! Are you sure about this," Ayeka
demanded to know.

Spike: No, she dreamt it, Aeka.  That's why Sasami is missing.

"I'm sure of it. Sasami came to my lab because she wasn't feeling well and she asked if she
could stay with me until she fell asleep. Being to nice gal that I am I told her she could. I lost
track of the time but after she fell asleep, Kagato appeared in my lab and took Sasami as a
hostage so he could get Tenchi's power. I tried to stop him but I just wasn't powerful enough
to do it," Washu explained and tried to catch her breath again. 

Ota: (imitating Ryoko) Washu, stop trying to be like Riff!

Nobody could believe their ears upon hearing this, it was outrageous. 

Ryoga: No duh!

"Ooh, Kagato has gone too far, he could've taken one of us, but Sasami's just a child, he had
no right to do this," Ryoko said angrily 

Ota: (imitating Ryoko in a babyish voice) Ooooh, Kagato's so mean!

as her outfit became her red and black skin tight outfit and face makeup.

Ryoga: That's BATTLE ARMOR, idiot CN author!

 "Here, here, I'm going to take Kagato down for good this time," Tenchi said as he and
Ayeka's clothes transformed to their Jurian battle suits. "But wait, before we go gun hoe,

Spike: That's right! Gun the hoe down! And shoot Tenchi too, while your at it!

 how're we going to find Kagato's location," Ayeka asked. Nobody answered, this didn't
occur to them. 

Yamamoto: WHAT didn't occur to them?

"Just before Kagato left I made sure a tracer was planted on him, we can find him easily, and
I can input the location into the trans dimensional door so we can go there in an instant," 
Washu told them.

Megumi: And you couldn't track the Souja, since it's HUGE!

 "Well why didn't you tell us this in the first place," Ayeka demanded to
know.

"Simple, this story wouldn't be so funny if I did," Washu reasoned with them.

Spike:...That was just STUPID!
Megumi: Washu wouldn't joke at a time like this.

 "Oh forget it, let's just go there and kill him," Ryoko yelled. "Yes," they all yelled and ran
into the laboratory.

Meanwhile, on the Souja, Kagato was laughing like a maniac and playing his enormous pipe
organ,

Spike: (sings) The Phantom of the Souja.  He's here, the Phantom of the Souja!

the ominous music echoing in all of the corridors of the ship. And near him was Sasami, back
to her original size but still stuck in the imprisonment crystal. "Let me go you mean old man!
Tenchi will never give you his power to you in exchange for me," Sasami told him. 

Spike: (imitating Kagato) Why not?
Ryoga: (imitating Sasami) Because he can't, you moron!

"Ah but you are wrong little Sasami, Tenchi loves you, and so do all the
other girls, they all care for you so much. And they'll do anything that they need to do to get
you back," Kagato told her. "Warning," the ship's computer sounded, "invasion by five life
forms has occurred."

Yamamoto: (imitating Kagato) Oh no!  It's the gang from Scooby-Doo!

"Well, well, well, quicker than I had expected. But how could they've tracked me so easily,"
Kagato asked himself, "no matter, I have a little challenge in mind for them," he added.

"Allright everybody, we've been here before, I just hope this place hasn't changed.

Spike:...Right, I can see Kagato redecorating his ship
Megumi: Dr. Kagato, how do you feel about the color Ochre.
Ota: (Imitating Kagato) But wouldn't that clash with my Chartreuse Barca-longers?

 We'll have to split up we'll cover better ground that way," Washu told them. All of the
sudden, an image of Kagato appeared on one of the walls of the ship. "Well it appears that I
have unwelcome guests. No matter, I have a challenge for all of you.

Ota: (imitating Kagato) So, lets meet our new contestants on Save that Sasami! He's a
teenager from Okayama province, was suspected of destroying his school, and has a
confusing love life.  Here's Tenchiiiiiii Masakiiiii.

If you cannot reach my central chamber within ten minutes, I will kill Sasami," Kagato told them. 

Yamamoto: (imitating Kagato) Which will remove my leverage over you to get Tenchi's power
and make you all want to kill me....wait, that doesn't sound right!

"No," Screamed Ayeka. "You bastard," Tenchi cursed and pulled out his
sword. "The timer is ticking, only ten minutes," Kagato told them 

Entire Cast: (hums Jeopardy theme)

and disappeared.

Nobody wanted to waste any time, they all ran off in a different direction as fast as they
could, Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki went off in one direction, Tenchi and Ayeka went another, and
Washu took another direction. 

Ota: But, since their shoes were tied together, they all fell flat on their faces.
Yamamoto: (imitating Tenchi) Okay, who's the wise guy!

"Ha, if by some small chance that they do reach us in time, they still won't be able to defeat
me. Or save you Sasami," Kagato told his prisoner. "You'll never get away with this Kagato,
Tenchi and the others are going to give you the beating of a life time," Sasami told him.  "Let
them try Sasami, they won't have any luck," Kagato told her. 

Megumi: (imitating Aeka) but I only need a seven to discover your hiding place, Kagato!
Ryoga: (imitiating Ryoko) C'mon seven!

Over the next few minutes the group had covered miles of the ship and still
nothing.  Kagato looked at a stopwatch to see how much time they had left before they were
too late. 

Yamamoto: (imitating Kagato) They still have....SIX HOURS!  Okay, who's been tampering
with my stopwatch?

"Ten seconds left little Sasami. And then, you die," Kagato told her. All of the sudden a large
hole was blown in the wall and out from the cloud of dust stepped 

Spike: An annoying SI character!
Yamamoto: The REAL Phantom of the Opera!
Ryoga: Alex Trebek!
Ota: Scooby Doo!
Megumi: An interior decorator!

Washu, in her Super Saiyan form. "My, my, little Ms. Washu. Found a new experiment to
work on," Kagato causally asked and turned around in his chair. "I wouldn't be joking if I
were you Kagato, you knocked me out and kidnapped Sasami. So now I'm going to teach
you a lesson you'll never forget.

Ryoga: (imitating Kagato) What lesson?  Oh, you mean the one where I pretend to be a
schoolboy who's been bad and-
Megumi: (imitating Washu) THAT NOT WHAT I MEANT! AND NEVER MENTION
THAT AGAIN!
Rest of Cast: (Shudders)

Fight me," Washu demanded. "Fine, I'll have fun dealing with you while I wait for Tenchi,"
Kagato told him and walked over to her. "Bring it on," Washu told him.

In the blink of an eye Kagato and Washu were fighting DBZ style, fist to fist, toe to toe, knee
to knee. "This time I'm not going to fall for the same trick twice Kagato you bastard," Washu
thought to herself as she blocked or dodged every punch. Even though Washu had immense
power she still wasn't as powerful as Kagato was,

Yamamoto: There in the CHAPEL!  Of course Kagato's winning!

and he was really wearing her down. "Stupid little Washu, you still haven't learned, DO
NOT EVER OPPOSE ME!" Kagato backhanded Washu and knocked her against a wall
hard, causing an indentation to occur. 

Ota: That's less an indentation and more a GAPING HOLE!

All of the sudden Kagato could feel a stabbing pain in his side; he looked and saw Ryoko's
energy sword sticking out of his side.

Ota: (imitating Ryoko) Hi Mom!  Nice hairdo!

"So, you've finally found us eh," Kagato said as he pulled the sword out of his side and
tossed it aside, not caring to turn around.

Spike: And so was unprepared when TENCHI stabbed him in the back!

"Nice going Washu, you bought us enough time so we could get here and save Sasami,"
Tenchi told her. "N-no problem," Washu weakly replied. 

Megumi: (imitiating Washu) I get backhanded through walls every day.  Now if you guys
would stop swaying and resolve into one body....

"A touching show of affection, but it won't help you," Kagato told them. "We'll just see
about that," Tenchi replied and charged at Kagato, his sword ready for battle. "Stupid boy,"
Kagato muttered under his breath, his green energy sword appeared in his hand and he
blocked Tenchi's attack. "You don't charge strong or fast enough for your own good,"
Kagato told him, he was suddenly charged from behind by Washu 

Spike: Why is Washu attacking Tenchi?
Yammamoto: I dunno.  To resolve him into a single image?

and was pinned to the wall. "I'll teach you to mess with me Kagato. Take this," Washu told
him, her right fist glowed with power and she smashed it into Kagato's back, causing a huge
explosion.

"While she keeps Kagato occupied let's free Sasami," Ryoko said to Ayeka. "Right," Ayeka
replied and they charged at the crystal structure. As they tried to touch the crystal they were
both electrically shocked. 

Spike: Anyone not see THAT coming? (Listens to the sound of silene.)  I thought so.

"Oh no! Please Ryoko, Ayeka, get back," Sasami pleaded as the two tried to back off. "Oh,
did I forget to warn you.  There's a defense barrier around the crystal. If anyone goes near it,
well, let's just say the effects can be shocking," Kagato told them 

Megumi: As can the effects of my bad puns!

and threw Washu against Tenchi, knocking them both backwards. "Miya, miya, miya,"

Ota: Translation: I'ma gonna get you, sucka!

Ryo-Ohki screeched and leapt at Kagato and bit him on the wrist. "Gah, stupid creature,"
Kagato said and threw her against the defense barrier to the crystal. "Oh no Ryo-Ohki,"
Sasami yelled and banged on her imprisonment, trying to get out.

Megumi: (imitating Sasami) Must...get out....wait, I'm Tsunami!  Why the hell am I staying
in here?  Oh, right, I'm working on my damsel in distress thing.  Go, Tenchi!

"Now Tenchi, surrender your power or else your friends will suffer even more," Kagato
warned. "No Kagato, as long as there's breath in my body I won't give up the fight," Tenchi
told him and charged again. "You never learn you foolish boy," Kagato told him 

Ota: I'll learn ya good!
Spike: What is it with this fic and learning?

and easily dodged Tenchi; he then gave the boy a hard kick in the butt,
knocking him against the wall. "I've grown tired of this game, I think I'll just destroy Sasami
first so you can all watch, and then you can be next," he told everyone 

Yamamoto: (imitating Kagato) And then I'll never get your powers....wait a sec, that isn't
right!

and walked over to Sasami. "N-no, I won't let you," Ayeka told him and
weakly stood up, Kagato backhanded her to the side and continued to walk forward. "Oh no
you don't Kagato, here's an attack I haven't shown you," Washu told him 

Megumi: (Imitating Washu) Doll strike!
Spike: (imitating Washu) Greatest Genius Punch!
Yamamoto: (imitating Washu) Sucky Fic Attack!
Ota: (imitating Washu) Super-mecha Destructo Shot!
Ryoga: (imitating Washu) Breast Peek Nosebleed Attack!
Yamamoto: Ryoga!

and took a battle stance of some sort, her power level raising to an
unbelievable point. "Try this out for size Kagato. KAMEHAMEHA!"

Spike: Translation: "I suck at writing fics with original ideas!"

Washu put out her hands and out came a huge beam of immense power, hitting Kagato dead
on. This stunned everyone; it was hard to believe that Washu had this much power in her
little body.

Thirty seconds later the attack had faded, Washu had completely drained her energy, making
her return to normal.

Spike: Damn no-set hair dye!

But everybody was shocked to see Kagato still standing there, not even phased by the blast.
"You're so pitiful Washu you're not even worth destroying," Kagato told her and continued
walking forward. 

Yamamoto: Anyone else think the author changed the target of Kagato's "waste product"
mood from Ryoko to Washu?
Rest of Cast: Yes.

As Kagato reached out to touch the crystal, something happened, out of nowhere, somebody
appeared and landed a kick to Kagato's jaw and knocked him against the wall, causing an
indention to occur in the shape of his form.

Spike:......An indentation in the shape of his form.  Kagato can DENT? O.O
Yamamoto: He was trying to convey that fact that the wall has an indentation in the shape of
Kagato.
Spike: (sarcastically) THAT'S a big help.
Ota: There's a Kagato shaped hole in the wall.
Spike: Oh.  Why didn't he say so?  

 "Huh, now who did that," Ryoko asked. "I did," a voice replied. Everybody looked and saw
something they never expected to see. 

The person who had done the K.O. to Kagato, was just a boy. 

Spike: Oh god, here comes the SI.  I'm think I'm going to be sick.

The boy looked like he was around sixteen years old, and he had a very unusual hairstyle, like
a Super Saiyans, not measuring in his hair he was about 5' 10", he was wearing black boots,
black pants, and a grey tank top.

Megumi: Ooh! Black Leather!

But this was no ordinary kid he had lots of muscles, he looked like the definition of muscles,

Yamamoto: His boy was shaped into these words: Muscle n. A ligament within animals that
enable movement. Muh'sull

the muscles in his legs, arms, chest area, and shoulders were twice their normal size, his
waist wasn't much bigger than a normal sixteen year olds'. But his skin and hair, was silver in
color, his hair had white lightning bolts and his face had them too.

Ota: This is because he had been hit by lightning as a kid, and was now a drooling
idiot....Spike, you okay?
Spike: Blearggggg (vomits on Ota's lap)
Ota: Oh god!  Kane, We need a break!

(Screen turns off)
Ota: Spike, you couldn't throw up somewhere else?  Like on the floor?
Spike: Sorry, my bad plot sense was getting so bad I got nauseous.
Yamamoto: You sure that wasn't the fic?
Megumi: Let me examine you Spike.  Yes, he's rather ill.  I think I'm going to need to do
surgery.
Spike: SURGERY!
Megumi: Yes.  (Smacks Spike on the head with a mallet from hammer space) Anesthetic has
been applied.  Yamamoto, could you assist me?
Yamamoto: (sweatdrops) Umm, shouldn't you get permission-
Megumi: (hefting the mallet) You want a piece of this?
Yamamoto: (sweatdrops again) No.  (Picks up Spike and carries him to another section of
the theater)
Ota:...Should she be doing this?
Kane: That is an unequivacable NO.
Ryoga: The why don't you stop her?
Kane: The fic isn't over yet.
Ota: You'd throw us to the wolves if it meant the MST would continue, wouldn't you?
Kane: Is that a problem?
Ota and Ryoga: YES!
Kane: Oh, well.  This might take a while, so get some sleep.

(Two hours later)
Spike: What the hell just happened?
Megumi: We did some neurosurgury and removed the part of your brain that had the bad
plot sense.
Spike: You did WHAT?
Megumi: It stopped your head from hurting, didn't it?
Spike: (opens his moth for a sec, then pauses) Your right, the pain is gone.  Thank god!
Kane: Back to the fic!
Spike: Ota? (Sees Ota and Ryoga sleeping) WAKE UP!
Ota: OW! My ears! What the?
Spike: I was having non-elective surgery, and all you did was SLEEP!?
Yamamoto: Yes, but the surgery cured you of something you hated.
Spike: I don't care...or maybe I do.....YOU"RE CONFUSING ME!
Kane: BACK TO THE FIC!
(Screen turns on)

By now Kagato had managed to free himself and saw who had decked him on the jaw. "So,
somebody new to play with, he doesn't look like much of a challenge," Kagato told him. 

Ryoga: (imitating New Guy) Hey! I play a mean game of checkers! So there!

"Then prove it Kagato, my whole life I never backed down a challenge,
and I'm not about to start now,"

Spike: Please do.  
Ota: C'mon Spike.  It's the SI character.  OF COURSE he won't back down.

the boy told him in a low voice. "Oh really, and just who are you boy," Kagato asked him.
"My name is Thompson, Justin Thompson, remember that when I'm beating the living tar out
of you," Justin told him.

Spike: That confirms the SI.  No author would give his most powerful character such an
ordinary name.
Ota: I thought we had already established that he was SI.
Spike: That was before SOMEONE TOOK A PIECE OF MY BRAIN!  I can tell by sight
anymore.
Yamamoto: I'm sorta glad we did do the surgery.  You whine about that sense ALOT.

"Well then, show me what you've got," Kagato told him and formed his energy sword again.
"I have a better idea than that, show me what you can do with that toothpick," Justin taunted
him. "So be it," Kagato said.

Megumi: And with that, Kagato opened Justin's mouth and performed the more painful
operations of dentistry upon him.
Ryoga: And there was much rejoicing
Rest of Cast: Yay.

Kagato disappeared and appeared right in front of Justin, he swung his sword and hit Justin
on the shoulder. Everybody was surprised to see how the sword, on contact with Justin's
muscles, shattered into millions of green bits.

Yamamoto: (imitating Kagato) Never fails.  The 3000 year warranty on this thing expired
yesterday.
Megumi: (imitating Washu) I told you not to buy that piece of junk.  But NOOOOOOOO, "I
know what I'm doing," you said.  You ignore the greatest genius in the universe-
Spike: (imitating Tenchi) Washu, aren't you glad that his sword broke?
Megumi: (imitating Washu) Oh, right.

"Not bad Kagato, but I think it's supposed to go, something like, this," Justin said and gave
Kagato a quick knee right to his gut. Kagato gasped for breath and doubled over. Then Justin
kicked Kagato upside the head and against another wall. "Wow, that guy is something else,"
Ryoko said.

Ota: Notice she didn't say what.
Spike: Yeah, something else from the bad writing in this fic.

 "I think that we should let them fight it out and we save Sasami," Washu told them. "Good
idea," Tenchi said and raced over to Sasami, but he was shocked as well by the defense
barrier. 

Entire Cast: Baka.

"Such idiots," Kagato remarked.

Spike: (imitating Tenchi) Actually, I LIKE being shocked!  This is fun!

 "Well let's see how that defense barrier likes you," Justin told him, he grabbed Kagato and
ran at the barrier with him in front of him. Upon impact Kagato was shocked worse than any
of the others were, he screamed in pain as he was continually shocked. "Let's see how you
like this big and ugly,"

Yamamoto: (imitating Kagato) Actually, I like this just fine, since I can turn the shield off.

Justin grabbed Kagato by the face, everybody wondered what was going on, when he
blasted Kagato in the face with a surge of power, this completely shorted out the barrier, and
it wasn't too good on Kagato either. 

Yamamoto: (imitating Kagato) The energy blast clashes with my robe!
Ota: (imitating Justin) How about a BLUE energy blast?
Yamamoto: (imitating Kagato) That would be perfect.  It would match my couch!

 "Now, get Sasami and all of you get out of here, my fight is with Kagato," Justin told them.

Megumi: (imitating Aeka) How do you know our names?
Ota: (imitating Justin) I watched the DVDs.
Spike: No, he watched Cartoon Network!

 "Right," Ayeka said as she tried to smash the crystal, but it proved to be too strong for her
to break. "Stand aside princess, lemme have a try," Ryoko said and shoved Ayeka to the side,
she began to try and smash the crystal casing harder but it didn't even crack. 

Ryoga: God, the author can't even let the cast rescue Sasami alone!
Megumi: What did you expect?

"Ha, you'll never break that crystal you stupid weaklings," Kagato told them, everyone was
surprised that he had Justin by his throat. "Let me go," Justin demanded as he tried to crush
Kagato's wrist. Kagato just smirked and turned Justin to stone and dropped him like a rock
(A/N: I know that's a pun. Intended or not? I'm not telling).

Ota: (in whiny voice)But I wanna know!  Tell me! (Continues in a sarcastic tone) pu-leese.

"Well, that's that," Kagato told them. But as soon as those words left his mouth, the stone
figure of Justin started to crack and then exploded, and Justin was standing there, unscathed.
"You'll have to do better than that Kagato, I'm a lot stronger than you think," Justin told him.

Yamamoto:(imitating Justin) I can hold twice the liquid that Bounty paper towels can!

"Oh really, you think you're fighting me at my maximum power? Well you're wrong, I'm only
fighting at one percent," Kagato told him. Everybody became terrified when they heard this,
Kagato was almost unstoppable when they dealt with him, and that was only at one percent,
they could only imagine how powerful he'd be at a hundred percent. 

Spike: Riiiiiiiiiiiight.  Kagato sees the Light Hawk wings last battle, the most powerful force
in the universe that he wants, and he didn't fight at full power. *groan*

"Oh yeah, well I dare you to go to one hundred percent, then we'll see who's the strongest
one is," Justin told him.

"WHAT! Are you crazy," Tenchi yelled. "No, I know what I'm doing. Now Kagato, do it
you weakling," Justin barked.

Yamamoto: I double dog dare ya!

 "Very well," Kagato told him and began to glow bright green. Ten seconds later, the glow
faded away. "It's done," Kagato told him. "That's it," everybody asked in unison. Justin just
stood there with his arms folded and smirked. "I don't believe it. Every other villain I've
fought has been so melodramatic, but this guy has a melodramatic deficiency," 

Megumi: Don't worry, you make up for it.
Spike: This fic has an intelligence deficiency!

Justin mocked. "Oh really," Kagato replied and then suddenly vanished. Before anybody
could tell what happened, Kagato appeared behind Justin and kicked him to the floor. "What
I lack in dramatics, I make up for in the quality of my work," Kagato told them.

Ota: (imitating Kagato) Look at this table I made.  See the quality?

"Make up for this you monster," Ayeka yelled and charged Kagato. Kagato just smirked,
Ayeka punched and kicked him and Ryoko, Washu and Tenchi joined in as well, but he just
knocked them to the side like they were nothing but insects. 

Ryoga: (imitating Kagato) Gnats to be specific, although Washu is a Preying Mantis.  

"You pitiful weaklings are no match for me," Kagato told them. "Match this," Justin said and
kicked Kagato upside the head. Kagato was dazed from this, so Justin began to series of
punches and kicks, but even in his dazed state Kagato still blocked all of them. "I must say
I'm impressed boy. You're still a challenge even when I'm at my maximum power," Kagato
said, and then surprised Justin with a sneaky sucker punch, sending him flying backwards.

Spike: Blah blah blah blah blah Geez, when will this guy stop stroking his ego!
Megumi: Never.  That's what this fic is about.
Spike: Right.

Justin smashed into the crystal imprisoning Sasami, and it was with great force. "Justin, are
you okay," Sasami asked him. "Don't worry Sasami, I'll protect you," Justin told her 

Spike: And now for the Sasami Lemon portion of the fic.
Ryoga:.....Those disgust even me.
Yamamoto: Then why do you still QUOTE THEM!

and slowly stood up, but as he did Kagato came flying at him, Justin rolled to
the side just in time as Kagato smashed his fist into the crystal. "It's hammer time,"

Spike..(sings) Can't touch this, no, you can't touch THE STUPIDITY OF THIS FIC!

 Justin told him and dropped down. A major two point landing, right on Kagato's head.
"That's for taking sweet little Sasami as a hostage Kagato," Justin said as he got off Kagato

Ryoga: And that was the end of the hidden Kagato gay lemon section of this fic.
Megumi: *shudders*.  I didn't need that mental image.

and picked him up, "and this, this is just for the hell of it," he told him and threw Kagato
against the wall. Just as Kagato was about to crash into the wall, he stopped a few feet short.

Spike: BRAKES, BRAKES, BRAKES!

"Spoiled brat," Kagato told him, "I can't be defeated by the likes of you, I'm too strong,"
Kagato told him, he glanced over at Tenchi and the other girls, and then they disappeared in
a flash. "No! What did you do to them," Sasami asked.

Yamamoto: (imitating Kagato) I atomized them, making it impossible for me to obtain my goal 
of getting Tenchi's power....wait, that's not right!

"I simply sent them back to Earth, they were to much of a distraction. I'd much rather fight
this brat, he's much more of a challenge than they were," Kagato told her.  

Spike: Little does Tenchi know, but we've replaced his regular brand Kagato, with TOEI 
decaffinated  Veggito.  Let's see if he can tell the difference.

"You're getting me mad Kagato, I think that it's time to crank it up some 
more," Justin told him and then took a fighting stance. At first nothing happened, but in 
his low voice, Justin started to yell loudly, 

Spike: Copying off every power buildup in the history of Dragonball.....

it was so loud and with a voice as low as his, all of Souja began to shake. Power erupted
from Justin's body, the walls, ceilings, and floors cracked and broke, even the crystal prison
Sasami was in started to crack. Suddenly, Justin's muscles increased in size again until they
were triple what there normal size would be, they became so large the legs to his pants
ripped, and the seems to his shirt tore as well, they were just barely holding together.

Spike: Then he pulled of the shirt, revealing tights with a big S on them.
Ota: It's a bird, no it's a plane, no it's SI MAN!
Megumi: Here to bore villains to death with his annoying eclipsing of the main characters!
Ryoga: To fight for ego, bad writing, and the Tenchi Talk way!

 And then Justin's skin and hair started to change in color, his hair turned orange and his skin
turned purple.

Megumi: Those are two colors who really look bad together.  Ugh!

 Soon after, Justin's voice became quieter until he stopped yelling totally and his power
became more controlled.

Spike: Is this something original, or did the author screw up the colors that Super Saiyans
change into?

"So Kagato, impressed," Justin asked him. "Not in the least boy, you look even stupider than
before," Kagato told him. "Well then prepare to be impressed," Justin told him, before
Kagato knew it, Justin appeared right in front of him and punched him in the stomach.
Kagato doubled over in pain and coughed as he tried to gasp for air.

Spike: Then, he threw up on Justin, because he had just eaten.
Ota: Don't remind me.

 "I'm much stronger than ever Kagato, you should've given up while you had the chance,"
Justin told him and kicked Kagato across the room and into his pipe organ, which resulted in
a very sour note.

"Don't worry Sasami, I'll deal with Kagato and I'll find a way back home for you," Justin
reassured her. "Thank you Justin, I'm glad you're a good guy," Sasami told him. "You bet I
am, I wouldn't hurt you for anything,

Ryoga: (imitating Justin)I need you to be part of my Anime girl stable.
Ota: I thought you said you didn't like those fics!
Ryoga: I don't, this just is reminding me of them too much!

 but Kagato is another story.

Spike: You mean he ESCAPED to another story, one that's more belivable.

 Justin cracked his knuckles and walked over to the remains of the pipe organ and pulled
Kagato out of them.

For a minute, Kagato's body was limp, like he was dead. "I guess I beat him already," Justin
said to himself. Suddenly, Kagato's body sprung to life and he put his hand to Justin's chest.
"I don't think so boy," Kagato told him and blasted Justin, causing a blinding bright light all
throughout the room.

Megumi: We've been blinded!  HOORAY!   We can't read this fic anymore!

 When the light faded, Justin was lying on the ground, almost unconscious and Kagato's foot
on his back. "Spoiled brat, you need to learn how to respect your elders," Kagato told him 

Yamamoto: (imitating an old Kagato) You young whippersnapper.  Why in my day, when we
had to fight people, it was in ammonia snow, uphill both ways....

and then kicked Justin across the room. Justin smashed into the wall,
causing yet another indention.

Spike: What is this? A fight or an episode of Looney Toons?

 Justin stood up and then dusted himself off. His shirt was ripped up badly, and his pants legs
were tattered, he was going to need a new set once this bout was over.

Ota: (imitating Justin) I bought those at the Gap! You'll pay for them, Kagato!

"Like to play rough eh Kagato, well try this on," Justin told him, he disappeared and then
reappeared behind Kagato and kicked him in the head and into another wall. "Kagato
groaned as he got out of the wall and stood up. "Obviously you still haven't learned your
lesson Kagato," Justin told him and threw the tyrant against the crystal.

Yamamoto: Tyrant?  What system did he conquer?

 The sheer force of the impact cracked the crystal even further, but it was still strong enough
to keep Sasami imprisoned.

Ryoga: You'd think that a chamber that can't take having someone thrown at it couldn't
withstand Ryoko.

Kagato somehow managed to stand up, but his left arm was badly injured and bleeding, it
was hanging uselessly. "So, that's how you want to play huh boy? I'm not so easily
destroyed," Kagato told him and somehow managed to throw an energy ball at Justin, but
Justin just swatted it to the side like it was nothing. "Then I guess I'll just have to play hard
ball," Justin told him and kicked Kagato into a wall. 

Spike: And that's about the third time you've said that.

Kagato was smashed into the wall hard, he tried to get free but Justin was already there and
punching Kagato even harder. "Oh man, Justin's so mean and strong, I just hope he's not a
new evil who wants to eliminate the competition," Sasami said to herself.

Spike:.....I thought we already established that he wasn't?
Yamamoto: Yeah, but the author ran out of things for Sasami to say as she watched this
boringly long fight.
Megumi: Long fights are a Dragonball specialty.

  Justin grabbed Kagato and slammed him against the ground, smashing a hole in the floor; he
then turned to look at Sasami. "Sasami, cover your ears and close your eyes at tight as you
can, I don't want you to see or hear this," Justin told her. "Okay Justin," she told him, she
covered her ears and shut her eyes tight and turned around.

Ryoga; (imitating Sasami) Peekaboo!

 Justin smirked and then turned back to Kagato. "And now Kagato, time to die. Have a taste
of my Supernova," Justin told him and flew about ten feet above Kagato. He put his hands on
his head like he was about to fire a solar flare attack, within seconds; a swirling ball of energy
appeared in front of Justin. Then he took a stance like he was going to fire a kamehameha,
and then he fired a beam of unbelievably strong power right at the ball, and forced it all right
at Kagato.  The second the blast hit Kagato he screamed in agony, and then, in the blink of
an eye, Souja and everything within fifty miles was eradicated, nothing survived.

Yamamoto: What else was there?  The Souja was in SPACE!
Megumi: Wouldn't that include Justin and Sasami?
Spike: Oh my god, He killed Sasami!
Ota: YOU BASTARD!

For the next three days at the Masaki household, things had slowly started to spiral down
into a hellhole. Washu was chewing herself out for not being able to do more and tried to
find the location of where Sasami might be, but nothing had been found. Ayeka hadn't been
able to sleep at night, and when she did manage to get to sleep, she had only achieved it by
crying for hours. Even Ryoko was upset, she had tried to get drunk to forget but it didn't do
any good, and Ayeka had turned to her for moral support. Mihoshi and Kiyone had pulled
multiple sweeps of space but found nothing. Noboyuki had nothing to do but go to work,
Tenchi did his chores, and Yosho meditated. Even Ryo-Ohki was upset; she had quit eating
her carrots and did her best to search for Sasami, but found nothing but empty space.

"EUREKA," Washu yelled and ran out of her lab. 

Ryoga: (imitating Aeka) You found Sasami?
Megumi: (imitating Washuu) Even better, I've struck gold!

"Everyone, I've found out where Sasami is and she's alive," Washu told them all. Within 
seconds everyone was there to hear this. "Washu are you sure about this? Are you sure 
it's Sasami," Ayeka asked her. 

Spike: No Aeka, it's another little girl with Tsunami within her!

"I'm positive! In fact she's..." but before Washu could finish her sentence
there was a knock at the door of the house. Everybody ran to the door and almost ripped it
off its hinges as it was opened.

Yamamoto: Hinges?
Megumi: They're in JAPAN!  It's a sliding door!

 There, standing in the doorway was Justin in a new set of clothes and holding Sasami.
Sasami had her legs under Justin's arms, her arms around his neck, and resting her head on
his shoulder;

Spike: Woah, I never thought Sasami was that flexable!
Ryoga: You've never read Sasami lemons!

 Justin was supporting her by keeping his arms around her lower back.

But Justin looked different now, he wasn't muscled up or looked like a Super Saiyan, instead
he looked just like a normal teenager, his hair with a blackish brown and his eyes were blue
and he had a nice tan color to his skin as well.

Spike: (imitating Justin) I'm really attractive! I can't understand why I can't get a date!
Could it be that I really don't look like my idealized self?

 "Sasami," Ayeka yelled. "Hey be quiet, the poor girl's exhausted. Save your excitement for
when she wakes up," Justin told them. "Oh sorry, come in and sit down," Ayeka offered. "I'd
rather not, I can't take off my boots right now and this little girl has a good grip on me, she
doesn't wanna let go of me," he told them.

Ryoga: (imitating Justin) Not after last night....(hums porno music)
Megumi: (imitating Aeka) You bastard pedo! I'm going to kill you!

"Well tell us what happened, my instruments read a massive explosion where the Souja was
and no life forms anywhere, what happened," Washu asked. "Well I'll explain it to you.
During the battle with Kagato I decided to play hardball, so I transformed to my Cyborg 13
form,

Yamamoto:...............How does an organic being have a form OF A ROBOT!???!!!

 my muscles were triple the size, my skin was purple, and my hair was orange. It was easy for
me to overpower Kagato.

Megumi: (sarcastically) Of course, It all makes sense now! All of his power came from his
costume changes!

 I beat him up, threw him into his pipe organ, then against the crystal that had Sasami
imprisoned, then against a wall, and then the floor of the ship. 

Spike: We read this a page ago! You don't need to do a Recap!

Then, I powered up my Supernova attack and blasted Kagato to bits, killing him for good.
Everything within fifty miles was destroyed, but I was able to save Sasami and myself by
transporting the both of us on board before we were hurt. 

Yamamoto: On board what?
Ota: (imitating Justin) A passing Vogon ship picked us up.  Good thing I had my towel 
with me.  I am one hoopy frood!

We then spent the next three days trying to find out where you all were, we just recently 
found you. But Sasami has been suffering the whole time, she's been suffering from horrible 
nightmares," Justin told them.

Spike: (imitating Justin) Nightmares of how clashed my coloration was!

"I can understand the part about the nightmares, the experience with Kagato would scare
anyone, but how'd you get to be so strong, even with all my power I still couldn't hurt him,"
Washu told him. "I'm not sure how I got to be so strong, but I definitely like it, all that power
feels great, and as far as I can tell, it's unlimited. I've won a lot of battles and the more I win,
the more powerful I become," Justin explained. 

Spike: (imitating Justin) For as my ego swells I become more unbearable!

"Wow, I'll definitely need to run some experiments on you," Washu told
him.  "Oh no Washu, you're not experimenting on anybody," Tenchi told her.

Spike: (imitating Washuu) Look, I'm gonna experiment on SOMEone, it's your choice.
Ota: (imitating Tenchi) Have fun with Washuu, Justin!

 "Spoilsport,"
she replied. "Oh get out of my way," Ayeka said and pushed them aside, "thank you, for
saving my dear little sister," she told him. "It was no problem Ayeka, I had to save her, I
couldn't live with a little girl's blood on my hands. Here, take care of her," Justin told her and
handed Sasami to Ayeka. Ayeka held Sasami tight, tears running down her cheeks.

Sasami slowly began to wake up and then she saw everyone standing around her, she looked
up and saw Ayeka, and then turned her head and saw Justin. "Justin, am I back home,"
Sasami asked in a tired tone.

Yamamoto:.......Sasami just got home, and all she can do is tell JUSTIN that?!  What about
hugging Aeka, or Tenchi, or some other non-author created character
Megumi: What can I say, Justin has to horn in on everyting.

 "Yes Sasami, you're back home," Ayeka choked out, despite her best tries she couldn't hold
her tears back, so she gently put Sasami down and ran off back into the house. "What's
wrong with Ayeka," Sasami asked. "She just didn't want you to see her cry Sasami," Ryoko
told her. 

"But Justin I don't understand it. Why did Kagato send us all back here when the reason he
wanted us to come was so he could get my power," Tenchi asked.

Spike: Yes, please do!

 "He sent you back because you guys were a distraction from the fight. And he realized that I
was much stronger than you were," Justin told him. "I don't believe it," Ryoko told him.

Ota: You said it, sister.

 "Well believe it, Justin destroyed Kagato," Sasami told them.

"Well, I guess it's time for me to hit the road," Justin told them and turned and walked off.
"Justin wait," Sasami said and ran up to him. "What is it Sasami, somebody here pestering
you," Justin asked. "No Justin, I just thought you were going to stay for a while," she told 
him. 

Ryoga: Okay, this author now has Sasami going after Justin?  Oh god!

"Sorry kiddo but I've gotta get going," he told her. "Oh, well will I ever see
you again," Sasami asked him. "I don't know, maybe if my there's another super villain or
something like that here on Earth, then yes you'll see me again. Now I think I should get
going before Washu gets her hands on me. Knowing her she'll lock me in a giant test tube
and see what makes me tick," Justin told her. 

Spike: This is one time I wouldn't be sorry if she did.

"Oh she won't do that. She gave that up a long time ago. But she does have a
giant butterfly net that she uses," Sasami told him. "In that case I've gotta go, no I really
don't feel safe around here. I can handle the most dangerous villains in the universe but I can't
beat a twelve year old girl," Justin told her.

"Hold it Justin, I've got a question for you myself," Washu told him as she tried to hide the
large butterfly net behind her back, "when we were all on Souja how'd you know our
names?"

Yamamoto: Warning, Kancho!  Another lame-ass explanation of the port bow!

 "Well Washu, I'm not going to tell you that, then I'd spoil the surprise," Justin told her, 

Spike: Oh, god, he's going to make a sequel.  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Megumi: (sobs)

he then threw a small ball on the ground and then a huge puff of smoke block
everyone's vision. "Hey no fair, that guy cheats," Ryoko said as she waved the smoke away,
but when she did, Justin was nowhere in sight. "Ah nuts he got away," Washu complained
and threw her net down. "Yep," Sasami told them. "Well I suppose we should better get back
in, Ayeka's going to go insane once she calms down," Ryoko told her. "Okay," Sasami told
her and they began to walk back to the house. "Sasami, what do you know about Justin
anyway and what surprise was he talking about," Washu asked her. "*Giggles* well, that's
for me to know and not for you Washu," Sasami told her. "Spoilsport," Washu grumbled.

Like it?

Spike: No.

Hate it?

Spike: Hell yeah!

Whichever, please review.

(Screen turns off)
Spike: IT's over!  Kane, NEVER do that again!
Kane: What?
Spike: Give us a LOOOOOOOOOOG boring SI fic.  I'll kill you for it.
Kane: I'll need to take Tales of Adam off my list then
Yamamoto: Don't joke about that.
Kane: Who's joking?
Ryoga: What's this?
Spike: Prey you never find out.
Ota: Anyway, It's been a pleasure, Megumi.
Megumi: Right.  When?
Ota:.....Point.  It's been a horrid time, hasn't it Megumi?
Megumi: Yeah.
Spike: ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU TOOK A SECTION OF MY BRAIN!
Megumi: You still harping on that?
Spike: It was rather dear to me.
Yamamoto: Anyway, nice meeting you.  If you ever get near Kane, kill him for us?
Megumi: That's a promise! (Ryoga and Spike sneak up on her)
Kane: (sewatdrops) See ya! (Opens a portal below Megumi, just as Spike and Ryoga pounce)
Spike and Ryoga: OW!
Spike: You couldn't have left her for 5 more seconds, could you?
Kane: Nope!

(The end.  Hope you liked it!)