Disclaimer:  The characters of Tenchi Muyo are the property of AIC, as are the 
characters of Lost Universe.  The characters of Ranma 1/2 are owned by Viz 
Video, the characters of Cowboy Bebop are owened by Bandai entertainment and 
Emotion.  The characters of Irresponsible Capitan Tylor are the property of 
Right Stuff international.  The characters of Patlabor are the property of U.S. 
Manga incorporated.  The characters of Dragonball are the property of TOEI 
animation.  All these characters are belong to them.  So please dont sue me, as 
I have no money.

Aknowlegements:  I'd like to than Cav and Dav for giving me the idea to MST in 
the first place tTAN for prereading, and I would like to REALLY thank Masa for 
helping me with some of the jokes and concepts and helping me polish it.  Thanks 
again.

The Canal MSTs:  Chapter one:  "Power of the Princess" & "No need for Super 
Sayians"
By Paul "IrrCapT" Bernard

(A dark cloaked figure sat at Washu's lab station at the Galactic Science 
Academy.)  
Dark Figure: AT LAST! I found it!  The key to my evil scheme!
MUWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH (The other students inch away from the figure)
Now using the demensional wormhole creator, I shall...oh screw the evil bit!
(Tosses off the cloak to reveal a man with red hair and a tattered mantle. He 
then activates the dimesional communicator)
Kane Blueriver: Hey Ota, wanna do something fun?
Ota:  Sure.  They've taken away my Labor's gun, so there is no point in staying 
around here.  What do you want to do?
Kane: MST a fic.
Ota: count me oooooooooooouuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuut! (Ota falls into a dimensional 
portal
below him)
Kane: (switches the communicator to another dimension)  Yamamoto?  Wanna MST a 
fic?
Yamamoto : No.
Kane: Too Bad! (opens a portal below him.)  (Switches the communicator to yet 
another
dimension) Hey, Spike!  Wanna MST a fic?
Spike: Hell no!
Kane: What was that?  The transmition's fuzzy.  Did you say yes?
Spike: No!  I said No!  N O!  NO!
Kane: What?  You'd love to?  Okay, I'm bringing you in.
Spike: I said-(falls through a dimensional portal)

(meanwhile, on the Canal.  Three dimensional portals open up and deposit, Ota, 
Yamamoto, and Spike.)
Spike: -no!  (Punches Ryoga into a bulkhead.)
Ryoga: Ow!  What'd ya do that for?
Yamamoto: Ryoga?  What are you doing here?
Ryoga: Well, I was chasing Ranma...
Ota: Of course.
Ryoga: And the coward ran off to America, allegedly to fight in some big 
tournament.
I followed him...somehow, and he tricked me into a space shuttle.  So then I
was taken to the international space station.  After being interrogated by men
in black suits, I broke free and commandeered an escape pod.  However, I got 
lost
on the way down to Earth.
Spike: Okay, you couldn't find your way to the largest planet in sight, with 
gravity
pulling you that way.
Ryoga: Look!  Just cuz you know how to fly a space pod doesn't mean I do!
Spike: Point.
Ryoga: So I activated my distress beacon and Canal picked me up.  And now I'm 
her slave.
Canal: That's indentured servant!
Ryoga: Tomato, tomato.
Kane: (appears on screen) Now!  Get in that theater or I'll put you in the 
kitchen while 
Milly is cooking! (An explosion is heard offscreen)^^;;;;  The OTHER kitchen.  
Now move!
All: (bolt for the theater)


>From left to right: Lt. Yamamoto from Irresponsible Capitan Tylor, Ota 
from Patlabor, Ryoga Hibiki from Ranma 1/2, and Spike from Cowboy Bebop.  

Power of the Princess
by CrystalHorse72
You Will Be My Bride

Spike (in evil voice): You WILL be my bride.  MUAHAHAHAHAHAHA...(all look at 
him) sorry.

episode 1

Ryoga: The fanfic menace!

    It was a bright, sunny day. 

Spike: (opens his mouth)
Yamamoto: You do realize that every single possible joke for that has been 
already said,multiple times.  Even the bad ones!
Spike: (closes his mouth)

Everyone in the Masaki household was happily doing their chores. Everyone 
enjoyed their winter house. 

Ryoga: They have a winter house?
Yamamoto: The one that Nobiyuki bought with the money left over after rebuilding 
his house,
paying for the repairs at the hot springs, buying topsoil for the fields, and 
feeding six
freeloaders.
Ryoga: Oh, THAT winter house.

Sometimes it snowed and they could have fun, but other times, it was bright and 
sunny. 

Yamamoto:What, you can't have fun when it's sunny?
Spike: I don't think the author meant that
Yamamoto:  Thats what they said.

Even though it was cold, a warm breeze blew through the trees.  Ayeka was just 
finishing sweeping. Tenchi was repairing the damage Ryoko had caused. She had 
drank a little to much and went nuts.

Ryoga: Well that's what you get for spiking her drink with anti-deperessants, 
Tenchi.

Sasami was inside, cooking (what a surprise).

Spike: What, that you couldn't find anything else for Sasami to do?
 
Ryoko was helping Washu create another door below these stairs that would lead 
to her secret lab. 

Ota: Why do they need another door?  It's not like they are getting alot of 
traffic
through the previous one.
Ryoga: Well, Washu's Pedophilic escort service might be increasing the 
traffic...
Ota: (Whispers to Spike) Ryoga is a Hentai?
Spike: (Whispers to Ota) Think of where P-Chan sleeps every night...
Ota: Point.
Ryoga: What was that?
Spike&Ota: Nothing.  ^^;;
Yamamoto: Putting aside the question why they need another door, why is Ryoko 
helping?
  
Mihoshi and Kiyone were helping Tenchi. Everything was going fine. But suddenly, 
things changed. Dark clouds moved in quickly. It was dark. 

Ota: Hense the term "Dark clouds".
Spike: (wavy lines eminate from head.)  B-movie sense...tingling!
 
Everyone was gathered together.

Yamamoto: How?  Mass Teleportation?  Or do they just gather together when it 
looks like rain?
Ryoga (Doing a Tenchi Impression): Daddy, I'm scared of the dark...
Ota (Doing a Southern Famer Impression): Looks like rain.
Spike (Doing a Southern Famer Impression): Yup.  Sure do.
Ota: Spike, is your B-movie sense still going off?
Spike: Yep, and if it is one, there should be a bolt of lightning right 
about...Now

 A flash of lightening shot across the sky.

Spike: (blinks).....I guess it is a B-movie
Ota: Nice call!

There, standing twenty feet from them, was a giant, black lizard like thing.  It 
stood on two legs. It's arms had huge claws on them as well as the feet. It's 
tail was huge and clearly powerful. It's teeth were huge and they looked like 
tiny knives. 

Ota: So the teeth are HUGE, but they look like TINY knives...
Ryoga: That costume looks like it's made out of rubber....
Spike (Imitating bad Japanese dub): Look...It's Godzilla....Flee....In terror.

After the lightening had passed and all was dark while the rain poured down, no 
one moved. 

Ryoga (Doing a very good Sasami Impression): Red light!  Green light!
Ota: Whoa.  I didn't think that Ryoga's voice could go that high!
Spike: Does any one else find that disturbing?

Another flash. Two more stood behind the first. They were only a bit smaller.    
"Prepare to die," hissed the first.

Spike: Cued lightning, cliche evil dialouge.....it's official, this is a B-movie 
of Epic proportions!

Though none of the Masaki household knew what to do, Tenchi and Ryoke prepared 
to fight. 

Ota: Sounds like THEY knew what to do....

Ryoko had her sword out in two seconds.
    "Give it up," laughed Ayeka nervously as Tenchi pulled out the light hawks 
sword. But, as usual, it didn't work.

Yamamoto:If it didn't work, how did he take it out?  If it forms, it works.....
Spike: A piece of advice to the author, check your facts before you post....

So he just used his regular sword. Everyone else kinda sat there and watched. 

Ryoga (doing a Sasami imitation): Who wants popcorn?
Ota: Not to change the subject, but wouldn't AEKA at least use her shield to 
protect 
Sasami and wouldn't Mihoshi do something as well, like pull her gun? 

Ryoko and Tenchi jumped up into the air at the same time. There were two 
slashes. 

Ota: And now, Tenchi Masaki and Ryoko Hakubi in Olympic synchronized swordplay!

The leader of the black lizard thingys fell back.

Yamamoto: Thingy?!  THINGY?!!?
Spike: Yeah, you know, what you put in the doohicky with the thigamajiger!  

 Ryoke jumped up into the air again.

Ryoga: Ryoko must be doing her impression of an rubber ball.  Boingy, Boingy, 
Boingy!

    "We will be back," hissed the leader. Then, he and the other two left.

Ota: THAT'S IT?!!?  That's ALL?!??  Where is the sword play, the epic battle, 
something
 to make the leader retreat?  C'mon, give me a REAL battle!

The clouds cleared and it was as if nothing happened.
    "Ok, I'm completely clueless," said Ayeka. 

Spike: Ryoko must have a REALLY bad hangover for her to miss that setup

Everything went normal for the rest of the day. In fact, everything went normal 
for six days.

Yamamoto: Okay....We have transited a week in two sentinces....what is this? An 
outline or a fic?
Ryoga (Doing a Sasami Impression): Tenchi?  Shouldn't we be preparing for the 
lizard thingys return?
Spike (Doing a Tenchi Impression): What makes you think they'll come back?
Ryoga (Doing a Sasami Impression): Because they said they'd be back.
Spike (Doing a Tenchi Impression): Okay, I'll do it at the end of General 
Hospital.
Ryoga (Doing a Sasami Impression): That's what you said about E.R.

On the seventh morning, 

Yamamoto (In preacher voice): God rested.
Spike: Which explains why the author wasn't smote for this fic.

it began to rain again. Sasami was inside cooking. She was deep frying.
    "Ryo-oh-ki, quit begging. Your supposed to stand back when I'm deep frying, 
and you know it," Sasami sighed. But Ryo-oh-ki wouldn't stop. Sasami said it 
several times, but Ryo-oh-ki just stood their, being cute. Then, Sasami hurried 
to the soup she was making. Ryo-oh-ki jumped up on the counter, not knowing that 
Sasami was getting angry. Sasami began to stir.
Ryo-oh-ki put it's paws on the spoon to help stir. Sasami couldn't take it 
anymore.

Yamamoto: We can't take the endless jumping of this fic anymore either

    "Ryo-oh-ki, get out of here!!!" she yelled.

Ryoga: I think Aeka needs to give Sasami the talk
Yamamoto: What talk?
Ryoga: You know, THE talk.  About birds and bees...
Yamamoto: Why do you think she needs THAT talk?
Ryoga: Well, it's obvious that Sasami has got some form of PMS
Spike: He's got a point.

Then, she realized what she just said. But it was too late. Ryo-oh-ki had 
already began to cry and shot out of the room. Sasami ran after Ryo-oh-ki. 
Sasami then ran into Ayeka.
    "Ayeka, Ryo-oh-ki got out. I made her sad. Now, I'm gonna have to catch her 
and my cooking will be ruined. But I'm worried about Ryo-oh-ki," she said.

Spike: Not to detract from your sorrow Sasami, but if you are worried about Ryo-
Ouki, then why are you complaining about the rest of the stuff?

Ayeka sighed.
    "Well, I finished my chores, so I'll go look for her, you keep cooking," she 
said.
    "But Aye..." started Sasami, but Ayeka stopped her.
    "It's not your cooking being ruined I'm worried about, it's Mihoshi. She 
loose in the house without Kiyone. 

Spike: What, Mihoshi is a mental patient now? She can't function without Kiyone?
Ota: KOME will have this author's hide for that remark.
Ryoga: Like everybody ELSE won't be after this author.
Ota: Point.

You better go watch you cooking or it's gonna be everywhere," laughed Ayeka.

Spike: So what, are you saying that Mihoshi is a messy eater?
Yamamoto: What is this facination with cooking?

Sasami smiled and nodded. She then ran back into the kitchen. Ayeka then saw 
Ryo-oh-ki get outside. Ayeka followed into the pounding rain. She heard Sasami 
crying in the kitchen and she knew Sasami was worried about Ryo-oh-ki. Ayeka 
picked up her pace and dashed after Ryo-oh-ki. Ayeka followed Ryo-oh-ki into the 
forest. It was dark in there and the rain was soaking Ayeka to the bone.

Spike: Whoa...Shin Flashback...
Yamamoto: Hasn't the author ever heard of pronouns?

    "Ryo-oh-ki, where are you!?!?" she called. Ayeka then tripped. When she got 
up into a sitting position, she could tell some life form was near her. 

Spike: (Takes out a Tricorder) There are no signs of intelegent life, Captain.  
Only
rubber lizard thingys.

There was a flash, and Ayeka found herself serounded by the black lizard like 
things.

Entire Cast: Thingys!!!

    "You can call us the Aurews," said the leader. 

Spike: How do they know that Aeka doesn't know their name?
Ryoga (doing an impression of the lizards): Because we are Telepatic, as well as 
weather 
controling and utterly Evil MUWAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!

Ayeka screamed. Everyone inside the Masaki winter house ran outside and followed 
Ayeka's screaming into the forest. 

Spike: Damn, Aeka has a good set of lungs.
Yamamoto: Yeah, I know. Who are they rescuing, Aeka or Faye Wray from King Kong?

Sasami, running next to Tenchi, suddenly felt something on her head. Ryo-oh-ki 
was back. 

Spike: Attack, Ryo-ouki!
Yamamoto: So much for any development on THAT subplot.

The Aurews were crowding around Ayeka. The leader took Ayeka. 

Ota: And she didn't activate her shield why?
Yamamoto: Because that would ruin the helpless maiden image she's working on.
Spike: And interfere with the B-movie plot.

It's wings spread.

Ota: I don't remember it having wings....
Ryoga: Niether do I....But all rubber lizard thingys have to have wings.
It's a rule in B-movies.
Spike (doing an impression of a bad japanese dub): Oh no...they have...Aeka!

The other two followed. Tenchi and gang reached the clearing just as the leader 
Aurew took the back of Ayeka's kamono in his teeth.
    "Ayeka!!" screamed Tenchi.
    "Ayeka, don't go!! Please don't go, please don't go, don't go," cried 
Sasami,

Ryoga (doing an Aeka impression): LIKE I HAVE A CHOICE!

 falling to her knees crying. She cried as hard as it was raining. Ryoko tried 
floating up toward Ayeka, but the rain was falling to hard. It forced her down. 

Yamamoto: You'd think that if Ryoko couldn't fly, neither could the rubber 
lizard thingys.
Ota: I'm still wondering why she just doesn't become immaterial and let the rain 
pass through her. or fire a energy bolt, or....

Suddenly, the leader dropped Ayeka from his teeth.

Yamamoto: For no apparent reason.
Spike (Dramatically): No, for Dramatic Tension!
Ota: If that's dramatic tension, Then *I* name my labor Alfonse!

Ayeka screamed as she fell.  It then grabbed Ayeka's wrists with it's feet.  
Ayeka cried as she watched her sister fall to her knees. She cried as she saw 
the sadness she had never seen before in Ryoko's eyes.

Yamamoto: Even when she was pleading for Tenchi's life with Kagato?  
Ryoga: Is there something between Aeka and Ryoko that they aren't telling us?
Ota: UGH!  I really didn't need that mental image!

She cried as she saw everyone else in great sadness because of her.
    "Good-bye," she whispered as she was flown away.

Ota: GOOD BYE?!!! How about HELP ME, or LET GO OF ME YOU RUBBER LIZARD THINGY!
Ryoga (doing a Aeka impression): Now don't forget to bush your teeth and wash 
behind your ears Sasami

    The rain was now only a small sound on the roof. But the gloom outside did 
not clear. 

Yamamoto: Wha?  Oh, I was disoriented due to the lack of scene transition
Ota: Here, take my motion sickness pills.
Yamamoto: (blinks) Why do you have motion sickness pills?
Ota: Well, I get vertigo whenever I get into my Labor...
Cast minus Ota: (Blinks)

Dinner was on the table. Though everyone was around the table, dinner was 
untouched. Everyone just stared out the window at the rain. It was now becoming 
louder. 

Spike: What, they are coming back again?  Did Aeka forget her toothbrush?
Yamamoto: Why do you say that?
Spike: Every other time the weather intensified, the rubber lizard thingys came.
Why not now?

Ryoko tried to hold back the tears. Mihoshi wasn't just flooding like usual, but 
letting silent tears run down her cheeks while she stared at the ground. Washu 
worked on her computer, trying to figure out Ayeka's location. Kiyone had her 
arm around Mihoshi and was letting only a few tears escape as she stared into 
the rain. The only two people who's
faces weren't blank were Tenchi and Sasami.

Yamamoto: Ummm, if they are crying, they don't have blank expressions.  Stupid 
ones maybe, but not blank.

They had a picture inbetween them.It was a picture of Sasami, Tenchi and Ayeka. 
Everyone missed Ayeka. Sasami, however, missed her the most.

Yamamoto: can we get some plot development here?

    "AAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!" yelled Ayeka as she fell through darkness. 

Spike (Doing a Tenchi Impression): Oh, Ayeka!  You're back!
Yamamoto: No, that's just a scene transition.
Spike: You mean a LACK of scene transition.

She woke up to a cold floor. She was in a cell. She heard footsteps coming near 
her.
A shadowed figure began to speak.
    "So, you finally came. 

Ryoga (doing an Aeka impression):Came, no.  Forcibly accosted and dragged here, 
yes.

Now, I can kill your friends without a worry of harming you. You can basically 
forget
 you ever knew your friends," the voice cackled.
    "Who are you??" asked Ayeka as she moved to a sitting position.

Yamamoto: Better question.  Why do you want to kill Tenchi and company?
Spike: Because he is the leader of the evil rubber lizard thigys!  
Yamamoto: Oh, right.  B-movie rule, try kill the heroes for no real reason 

    "I am the man you will wed. My name is Muremono. You will be my bride," it 
cackled. "I understand that you care deeply for Tenchi. He will be captured and 
brought here. The rest of your friends will die at home. Tenchi, however, will 
be killed at the wedding." Ayeka was puzzled.

Ota: Hey, wasn't that stolen from Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves?
Spike: No, this is just the standard cliche evil wedding, including 
sacrificial wedding gifts.  It happens when ever a evil person marries the 
heroine
Ota: Oh.

    "Step into the light," she ordered. As the light fell upon the man, Ayeka 
gasped, then fainted onto the cold floor.

Yamamoto: It's Seryo!
Ryoga: Amagasaki!
Ota: Strom Thurmon!
Spike: A ripoff of Beauty and the Beast!
Yamamoto: Wow!  The author's ripped off a lot.

    "She will have to get used to me," laughed the man.

Ota: Or kill you in your sleep.

    It was dark out when Ayeka awoke. It was about 11:00 PM.

Ryoga (Doing an Ayeka Impression): Judging by the position of the sun, I'd say 
it's
eleven PM.  Wait...that's not the sun, that's a light fixture.

    "Tenchi," Ayeka mumbled. She imagined Tenchi being brought into the wedding 
room, his hands tied behind his back. He was pushed down onto his knees. A man 
rose a sword up so that it's shadow was on Tenchi's neck. Just as it was being 
brought down, Muremono pulled Ayeka into a kiss after saying I do. Ayeka was 
forced. She heard a painfull yell, a gasp, and then a thud. Before going any 
further, Ayeka snapped herself out of the day dream.
    "Tenchi," she mumbled again. Ayeka then yelled "Tenchi!!"
Somehow, millions of miles away, Tenchi woke up while sitting straight up in 
bed.
    "Ayeka.

THE END

Yamamoto: Thank god that's over with.
Ota: Yeah, I have to get back and clean my Patlabor for inspection.
Ryoga: And I have to kill Ranma Saotome.
Canal: But you still have seven years of indentured service.
Ryoga: Can't I kill him first?  I promise I'll come back.
Spike: I have to catch the next episode of "Bounty Hunters"
Ota: Bounty Hunters?
Spike: It's like Cops, only they shoot a lot more people.
Yamamoto: I have to make sure the kancho hasn't surrendered the entire 
fleet...again.
All: (turn to leave.  The door locks.  Another door closes, locks, and bars 
itself.
A porticulis slams shut over it.  Finally, with a hiss, the blast doors close.)
Kane: (on screen) We're not done yet.
All: NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!
Ryoga: Oh well, at least I'm working off my service.
Canal: Actually, this is Kane kidnapping you and forcing you into labor.  It's 
slavery
on his part, and does not detract from your indentured servitude.
Ryoga: Damnit!  Chi Chi Hokoden!  (Summons energy, frying the others as he tries 
to kill
Kane)
Kane: You realize that I'm twenty light years away, right?
Ryoga: Well, uh, yeah, but...Damnit!
Kane: The next one is...A DBZ/Tenchi crossover!
Ota: NOOOOOOOO!
Spike: That's even worse than a Ranma/Tenchi crossover!
Ryoga: What's wrong with a Ranma/Tenchi crossover?
Yamamoto: Let's pray you don't find out.

****No Need for a Super Saiyan

        In the middle of nowhere, 

Spike: Alaska.

Tenchi finds him self training with Yosho.

Spike (Doing a Tenchi Impression): What?  When did this happen?

  Yosho had just defeated him for the 25th time.
  Tenchi was on his back.  "Ow, that hurts!"
  "Get up Tenchi.  Are you resting?"
  "Grandfather, I can barely stand!"
  "Excuses, excuses. When will you learn that in a real battle, they don't let 
you lie on your back and rest?  Get your ass off the ground."  

Yamamoto: When did Katsuhito become the embittered veteran?
Ryoga: Better question, When did he start to swear?

Yosho helped Tenchi get up and took a swig of his canteen.  

Spike: I wonder if it's filled with vodka or scotch.
Ota: (Takes a swig from a canteen, swishes it in his mouth then swallows) 
Scotch.
Spike (Doing a Tenchi Impression): Grandpa, I wish you wouldn't drink so much.
Yamamoto (Doing a drunk Katsuhito Impression): I *hic* fight better when I've 
had a dwink.

Tenchi and Yosho fought again.
Tenchi accidentally slammed his boken onto a huge rock because Yosho had dodged 
it.  Suddenly, the rock exploded!

Yamamoto: as oposed to the boken breaking because it's made of wood...

"Wow, Tenchi, I didn't know you were that strong!"

Ota: I know he ISN'T

"Wow, I'm glad I didn't hit you grandpa." Suddenly, a hand stuck out of the 
rocks.

Ryoga (imitating the newcomer): I am Moses, splitter of the Red Rock!

Tenchi jumped back.  A boy with black hair got up out of the rocks.  He wasn't 
even bleeding. He looked fine.  A man with yellow hair came out of the air and 
landed. The man started to talk.  "Trunks, how many times do I have to tell you, 
train with someone that is as good as you.  I'm to strong for you."

Yamamoto: Ummm, isn't Trunks's hair white?

  The man noticed Tenchi and Yosho.  He asked them, "Who are you?" 
  "My name is Tenchi and this is my grandfather Yosho."

Spike: We don't have last names! We're coctail waiters!
Yamamoto: And give out family secrets to passing strangers!

"Whatever.  Why don't you fight this Tenchi guy, Trunks.  I'm gonna go train 
with Kakarot."
He flew off.  Trunks sat up.  "This sucks."  Tenchi helped him up to his feet, 
"Who is that 
mean guy?" "He's my dad.  Whenever he becomes a Super Saiyan, he gets an 
attitude and is a bitch."

Ryoga: Well, actually, he is a bitch all the time, but...
Spike: Don't you know?  Super Saiyan is the male version of PMS.

"What is a Super Saiyan?"

Yamamoto (Doing a Mr. Rogers Impression): The word of the day is "Super Saiyan."  
Can you say Super Saiyan?  Sure, I knew ya could.

"A Super Saiyan is stage

Yamamoto: THe world is a stage!  And we are but players upon it!
Ota: Have pride in your Japanese heritage!  No Shakespeare!

when a Saiyan becomes stronger and his or her hair turns yellow.

Spike (Doing a Trunks Impression): As opposed to Ultra Saiyan when their hair 
turns green, or Mega Saiyan when it turns chartruse.

I'd like to become a Super Saiyan."

Ota: (Doing a Child Trunks Impression): I wanna be a Super Saiyan when I grow up

"Wow, that's cool."

Spike (doing a stoner Tenchi impression): Cool, man.  Far out!

Yosho stepped up, "Your planet Vegita was destroyed wasn't it?"
"Yes, it was sir.  How did you know?"

Yamamoto (doing a Katsuhito Impression): I saw it on the news.

"Tenchi and I are from space also.  We are from the planet Jurai.  

Ryoga (doing his Katsuhito Impression): I'm telling you this because I have had 
truth serum 
administered to me

Tenchi is part Saiyan."
"WHAT!!?!?!?!?!?!"  

Ota: ummm....what he said...

Tenchi and Trunks both looked at Yosho.  "Tenchi, Noboyuki was part Saiyan.

Ryoga: Was?
Spike: Why do I get the feeling that Nobiyuki was killed off?

His grandfather was a full blood Saiyan.  He told me before he died."

Spike: What of? "I can't be here to explain the ludicrus plot point" Syndrome?

Noboyuki died in a car accident. Tenchi was puzzled because he couldn't even 
fly.

Yamamoto: Ummm, what do car accidents and flying have in common?
Spike: I dunno.

Trunks looked at Tenchi, "This is so cool, can I train you Tenchi?"  

Spike (Doing a Tenchi Impression): Seeing as your dad just said you suck, NO!

"Actually, my grandfather is training me.  He may not look strong, but he most 
certainly is."
"I just want to see one thing Tenchi.  Power up."
"Say again, Trunks."

Ryoga (doing a Tenchi Impression): Tranmission fuzzy, repeat.  Over

"Power up."
"Power up, how?"
"Just.uh.I don't know, power up."

Spike (Doing a Peter Pan Impression): Think Happy Thoughts!

"Uh, ok, I'll try."
Tenchi stood there not knowing what to do.  Yosho looked at him, "Tenchi, 
remember how you activate the sword."

Ryoga: (opens his mouth)
Ota: That Hentai joke is old!  Don't say it!
Ryoga: (Closes his mouth)

  "Ok, grandpa."  Tenchi started to glow. Suddenly, his hair stood up and turned 
yellow colored.  Tenchi was already becoming a Super Saiyan.

Spike: Somehow, I think that becoming Super Saiyan is a LITTLE harder than that.

  He started to glow.

Ota: Again!!  What is he, a light bulb?

Trunks looked up, "Wow, that's the calmest transformation into super saiyan I 
have ever
seen." 

Ota: (Takes a drink from his canteen) You and me both, brother

 Trunks powered up, but couldn't change into Super Saiyan.  Just then, Vegita 
came over and was shocked at what he saw,

Cast: So are we.

 "What's this.  That Tenchi guy, he's a super saiyan!"  Vegita flew down to 
Tenchi
and changed back into a regular saiyan.  Vegita paused and looked at Tenchi.  
Suddenly, Vegita went over to Trunks, slapped him over the head, and said, "That 
guy over there turned into a Super Saiyan before you did! You are pitiful! Do 
you know what I did just a second ago?  I killed Kakarot."

Yamamoto: And we resolved a central point of Vegita's life in a sentince....what 
is wrong with that picture

Tenchi turned around, "Leave him alone."  Ignoring Tenchi, Vegita went on, 
"Trunks, you are weak! You are a disgrace!"

Spike (Doing a Drill Sargent Impression) You are a disgrace to this uniform, 
maggot!
Ota: (Takes another drink) Jesus, who put a burr up his ass?
Ryoga: Give me that canteen!  I need it!
Ota: (Whaps Ryoga on the head with the canteen) No!  I need it!  Besides, your 
too young.

"I said leave him alone."
"You stay out of this, Tenchi!"
Vegita changed into a Super Saiyan and punched Trunks. 

Ryoga: and he needed to go super saiyan why?

Trunks fell out cold.  Vegita laughed and said, "What are you gonna do about 
it?" He turned around and Tenchi wasn't there.  Tenchi appeared behind him and 
punched him.  Vegita fell down.

Spike (Imitating Pebbles): Vegita fall down go boom!

Tenchi extended his arm down quickly and his beam sword appeared in his hand.

Yamamoto: what, the master Key or the light hawk wings?

Vegita got up and ran at Tenchi.  Tenchi quickly disappeared and reappeared 
above Vegita.  For some reason Vegita could not sense Tenchi. Tenchi activated 
his beam sword and he flew at Vegita with his sword up.  Vegita backed up just 
as Tenchi got to him.  Vegita laughed. Suddenly, he noticed a whole bunch of 
cuts on his arms his face and all over his body.
  Tenchi deactivated his sword as Vegita passed out.  Tenchi's hair grew short 
and black again.  He walked over to Trunks and gave him some water from his 
canteen.

Ota (Doing a drunk Trunks Impression) Shay!  That'sh shome good water ya'sh got 
there. *hic!*

  Trunks woke up.  He was mad at Tenchi for beating up his dad.

Spike (Doing a child Trunks Impression): My Dad's the greatest!  My dad could 
beat up your dad!

  Trunks challenged Tenchi.  Tenchi did his weakest blast, but it killed both 
Trunks and
Vegita. Tenchi and Yosho swore not to tell anybody what he killed Trunks and 
Vegita.

Yamamoto: Sheesh, can we get at least a TOKEN description of the events flying 
past?
Spike: with the way this author writes, this is a blessing!

        Tenchi and Yosho were walking home when all of a sudden, Ayeka runs up 
to him.  "Hey, Ayeka, what's up?"  "Oh nothing Lord Tenchi.  I just want you to 
carry me."
Tenchi carried Ayeka on his back.  They walked about a mile to get back home.

Ota: Tenchi was then taken to the Hospital and treated for a hernia

  At home, everyone wanted Tenchi like usual.  Secretly, Ayeka had seen all of 
what happened
in the mountains while Tenchi was training.  She knew that Tenchi was strong so 
she wanted 
Tenchi even more.  Tenchi went to sleep. Ayeka went into his room and walked 
over to him.  She leaned over and kissed him on the lips.  Tenchi woke up.  
Ayeka jumped back, "I am very sorry Lord Tenchi, I will leave now."  "No, Ayeka.  
Come here."  Ayeka walked to Tenchi.  Tenchi grabbed her and kissed her.

Yamamoto: No wonder the author was in a rush to get to this point.
Ryoga: Are they gonna have passionate sex now?
Ota: Wouldn't that be good?
Spike: No.  It would be a refreshing change in the choice of characters, but it 
would be 
just as stupid!

They kissed for a long time.  Just then, Ryoko came in.  She saw them kiss.  She 
immediately killed herself.

Yamamoto: Ummm, why?  True she loves Tenchi with all her heart, but suicide is 
not something I see Ryoko doing.
Spike: It is when the author is a RHALI

Washu swept her body parts away while Ayeka and Tenchi were still kissing.

Ota: What, she fell apart as she died?

  Washu dumped out Ryoko's parts into Ryohoki's dish and the cute little cabbit 
ate them.

Entire Cast: (Blinks) WHAT!!

  Sasami washed out Ryohoki's mouth, which was stained with blood.

Spike: I can just see that in a commercial for the next Fox special.  Cabbits: 
Cuddly or Menace? When Cabbits attack!

  Everyone was happy that Ryoko was dead, even Tenchi.

Spike: Thats refreshing.  Instead of making Aeka a bitch, Now the rest of the 
cast is one too.
Yamamoto (sarcastically): It's so nice when they can do something as a family.

Kiyone took Ryohoki's droppings to headquarters.

Ryoga (Doing a Mihoshi Impression): Kiyone?  Why are we taking cabbit droppings 
to headquarters?
Spike (Doing a Kiyone Impression): Because, I want to put them in a flaming bag 
on Mitsuki's doorstop!

It was scanned as Ryoko.  Kiyone and Mihoshi were promoted, but decided to stay 
on Earth.

Ota: Gee, how nice.  I think I speak for Davner and us all when I say NO 
FRIKKIN' WAY, CUPCAKE!

  During all of this Tenchi and Ayeka were still kissing.  After about a week 
they stopped
kissing.

Yamamoto: Because they had died of Asphyxia
Spike:  A week!  A kiss doesn't count after Rigor Mortis!

  Sasami made them good food and everyone lived happily ever after (except for 
Ryoko, that is).

The End

Author's notes: I was really bored when I wrote this so don't get mad.

Yamamoto: I hate that type of justification.  If you think it is bad DON'T POST 
IT!

  If you do get mad, e-mail me at royalteardrop@yahoo.com.  If you liked it also 
e-mail
me.  If you have any comments about it e-mail me.  If you just want to talk to 
me e-mail me.

Ota: If you want to arrest me and beat the crap out of me, e-mail me.
Yamamoto: If you want to draft me and put me in Calcutta so I can't get online 
and write more fics e-mail me.
Spike: If you want to omni-taser supreme me...repeatedly...e-mail me.
Ryoga: If you want to knock me out, drag me to China, take me to the Jusenkyo, 
and drown me in an un-cursed spring to make the Spring of Drowned Bad Fanfic 
Writer...e-mail me.  (everybody stares) What?

Well, seeya****

Spike: Not if we see you first.

Well, that's my story.  I hope you like it.  I think
it goes in Crossovers.  

Spike: D'uh!

Thanks

People call me,
Masaki

Spike: Noooooooooooo, people call you RHALI!
Ryoga: Gee, In both of these fic's I'd hate to be the supporting Cast's Voice 
actors, since they get NO LINES!

Yamamoto: Is it over now?
Kane: Yes, Canal, open the doors.
Canal: (singing the theme from Smurfs) La la la la la la la la la...
Kane: Um, Canal?  Can you open the doors?  Yes, it's a lovely impression of 
Smurfette,
but please open the doors?  Hello?...Oops!
Spike: Oops?!  Whaddaya mean oops?!
Kane: Well, she seams to have busted a mental circuit, and gone into a psychotic 
loop.
The bad news is she's totally deranged and being on her ship is extremely 
dangerous.
All: What?!
Kane: The good news, is that I can fix her.
All: Whew!
Kane: The worse news is that I need to expose her to the same stimulus in order 
to determine
where the break is.
Spike: What's the stimulus?  Ryoga's eerie impression of a woman?
Ryoga: Bakusei Tenketsu!  (taps the ground.  Nothing happens)
Spike: You do realize we're on a metal ship, right?
Ryoga: Chi Chi Hokotan!  (Blasts Spike into the wall)
Kane: Ahem!  The cause is the bad fanfics.  So you'll have to MST some more.
All: 
Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooo...
(cuts to outside the theater)...ooooooooooooooooooooooooo...(cuts to outside the 
ship)
...ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo....(cuts to outside the 
galaxy)....ooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooo-
(everybody passes out from lack of breath.)
Kane: Guys?  You okay?


Thanks for reading 
Paul "IrrCapT" Bernard
