Chewy productions MST
My first MST attempt.

Chewy 

Billriddle1@attbi.com

Disclaimer: I don't own MST3k, Best Brains and others own this wonderful show, 
nor do I own any of the Anime Characters, except Chewy, my author Avatar. No, he 
is not super-powerful, just strong enough to survive. Please forgive me, but I 
like Yohko Mano, and just for fanfictions sake, had my Author Avatar and her be 
wed. I'm sorry, I really am. Besides, I'm not at all serious, this is for fun. 
Also,  I have brought one or two people from my own fics here.
(Author's Note: Hey, we all need alittle self-insertion, this is mine, it's not 
nearly as bad as some peoples. hey, we all have to have a little disillusions of 
grandeur.)

(Theme song,)
In the not too distant future,
how far, I'm not really sure, there was Karate student (Hi, I'm Chewy),
who met pretty girl (Yohko, you beat me fairly, lets get married), this girl had 
a cousin, who's name was Gill,
A jealous lass, who wanted this student's butt on the grill (ouch!), but she 
didn't like some other Characters, so she tricked into getting on the shuttle to 
The Satellite of Luvvvvv.
 She sends them fanfics, not the worst she could find (Yohko's my cousin, I just 
don't like the rest of them)
They have to sit and watch them all, until Yohko changes her mind! (No, I will 
not go back on my wedding vows!), But now they get a lot of help from their 
Anime friends, roll call please:

Chewy: I'm really sorry I dragged you all into this.
Yohko Mano: Chewy's not just my husband, he's my best friend.
Maya Ibuki: The reports of my turning into a puddle of LCL are extremely 
exaggerated. 
Shampoo: Why I here?
Kasami Misaki: Mom will rescue us. (Author's note: Think Sasami lookalike)
If your wondering how they eat and breath, and other sciences muff, remember, 
Tsunami is the ship of Jurai and sends them plenty of stuff, and sit back and 
relax, for MINOR CHARACTER THEATER 3000.5 (Quack) 

(Interior of SOL, with Yohko and Chewy)
Chewy: Hi, folks. It's just Yohko and me at the moment.
Yohko: (giggles) Yep, just us. The rest are off loading supplies from Tsunami, 
and we just want to thank you all for coming here tonight. Tsunami was kind 
enough to deliver food to us since we're up here and we can't get our own food.
Chewy: Yohko dear, you were the one who got us up hear.
Yohko: (sweatdrops) I didn't mean to...
Chewy: That's okay, (turns and looks into her eyes) I get to spend more time 
with you. (Gives her a kiss on the cheek).
Yohko: (nervously) Chewy, um, people are watching.
Chewy: (looks up and scratches back of his head) Oh, Uh, your still here. Sorry, 
where are my manners...
Chewy: You probably want to know who we are and why we are here. Well, to start 
off, my name is Chewy and this is my beloved wife, Yohko from Devil Hunter 
Yohko, We have with us Ms. Maya Ibuki from Evangelion along with Shampoo from 
Ranma 1/2 and Kasami, Daughter of Tsunami and Tenchi, from my fic, "Forever 
United".
As for why we're here, I wanted to marry Yohko, she agreed but her evil cousin, 
Gilko didn't want us to. So she and I are stranded here until Yohko takes back 
her wedding vows. The rest are here because Gill didn't like them but didn't 
want to kill them, so she did the next best thing.
(Large Crashing sound off screen, Maya yelling, "Alright, who put the goldfish 
tank on top of the egg cartons?!")
Chewy: (sighs) My valiant crew. 
Yohko: anyway, Gill made Tsunami promise not to free us, but since her daughter 
is with us, she brings us our supplies whenever we need it.
(Evil laughter is heard in the background, We see the viewscreen come on and 
Gill and Asuka sitting there in anticipation)
Asuka: I'll get you, chewy, for writing that fic where Rei get Shinji. You just 
wait, I'll show you how much more I deserve Shinji than that little bitch-doll 
Rei!
Chewy: Nice to see you too, Asuka.
Gill: alright everyone, today's fanfic is a Sasami lime, so I hope you all have 
reinforced titanium stomachs.
Chewy:(Goes pale) Sasami lime?
(Chewy catches Yohko as she faints.)
(others enter.)
Maya: Alright, everyone into theater.
Shampoo: What this one about?
Yohko: Sasami Lime.
(Shampoo faints.)
Kasami: what's that about my mom?
Maya: Nothing.
Kasami: Hey Maya, did you ever find out who put the cherry bombs in the Women's 
bathroom in NERV?
Maya: Yeah, It was Rei of all people! Who would have spected her?
(Explosion in the background)
(Shampoo, then Yohko, goes running by)
Yohko: Shampoo! Give me back my conditioner! Don't make me call grandma! I'll 
get you for this! I don't know when or how, but I swear I will.
Chewy:(sighs lovelingly)my lovely wife. 

Everyone enters the theater

Shampoo: I could be with Ranma, but you drag me here.
Maya: Sempai said I shouldn't have gone to my class reunion, but did I listen to 
her? No!    
Kasami: Mom said I shouldn't go to Iaido camp but dad just had to take me on a 
training mission.
Chewy: could we get on with the story, please?

Genesismindworks presents....

Kasami: Oh, I like presents!
Maya: Sorry kid, it's not Christmas yet.
Yohko: I know what I'm getting you for Christmas, Honey.
(Chewy blushes) 

Sasami, a lime

Chewy: Oh bugger.
Kasami: Mom?
Maya: Back when she was a lot younger, before she married your dad, but these 
stories are just sick.

, and tea

Shampoo: Tea good, help with colds.
Yohko: I could go for some tea.


I don't own the stuff pioneer does, enjoy.

Maya: Your trying to tell me that settlers own this series?

Her cheeks flushed

Shampoo: Sploosh....
Maya: I think the author means they're red.
Yohko: Please, let's keep the bathroom humor to a minimum.

 as she stumbled down the hall 

Maya: (Sasami) Ouch, oof, zoinks, plot, bam, biff, mint, 
bongongongongongongognogn, etc.
Yohko: (cheerfully sarcastic) Very graceful princess, real acrobatic 

Throwing her self into

Chewy: (sports announcer) and it's a high fly Sasami out into left field and it 
looks like, yes, it is! It's a Grand Sasami!
Other: (bored) Yay.
(Chewy faints when he sees Yohko in a cheerleader outfit.

Tenchi's lap her blue hair toubling

Shampoo: Toubling?
Yohko: I think the Author means tumbling.
Maya: Her hair's tripping over her?
Chewy: Wow, trippin'!
Others: ^_^;;
Yohko: Dear, I think you shouldn't listen to anymore Wolfman Jack.

 around her. "Tenchi-niisan!"

All the Girls: KAWAII! *_*
Chewy: OY!

 she
moaned. "I've been thinking about it all day, I can't get the thought out of
my head.

Chewy: Out damned thought!
(Others groan)

 I want to put it in my mouth and as much as I can, over and over
and over again."

Chewy: (Richie Valens singing) And again and again, and again and again...
Maya: Chewy, that song was old before I was born.
Shampoo: Shampoo like Richie Valens!
Yohko: Chewy, dear, please don't sing.

Tenchi turned to look fearfully at Sasami. "Sasami-chan!!! C..calm down!"

Yohko: Jeez, get the girl some Prozac!
Chewy: I can get a tranquilizer dart from the weapons locker if you want.
Yohko: Maybe next time.

She looked at him, her eyes shining with want. "I want it now!! Please
Tenchi-niisan give it to me!!"

Shampoo: Is stickup, give Shampoo all your money!
Yohko: EEK!!! (Jumps onto Chewy's lap)
Chewy: You were just waiting for a chance to do that, weren't you?
Yohko: But of course ^_^!
Maya: Oh no, Tenchi, don't be an idiot, don't be an idiot!
Kasami: Dad, don't do it! Wait eight more years, please!

She began to grasp around in his lap, she knew what she was searching for,
and as Tsunami as her witness she would have it! Tenchi sighed and shook his
head. "Okay, okay, i can do it myself." he reached down... and pulled out
the pack of gum in his lap.

Everyone: (relieved) Fehh!

He pulled out a piece and gave it to Sasami. "There, now go just laydown and
relax, this will help the pain in your jaw. And was Ryoko's last piece of
gum, you owe her a new one!!"

Kasami: I knew mom never was like that!
Yohko: She wasn't.
Shampoo: Despite what some author say!

Sasami smiled. "Hai, Tenchi-niisan!!" Hajamari shook his head. "You and your
sister are so strange when you have a fever! How are the body aches doing?"
She looked up slowly looked up. "It hurts a bit, but I'm okay.
Tench-niisan?" "hai?" "The gum is nice...but i want something else of
yours....." Tenchi looked
down fearfully.

Yohko: Ah Nuts!
Chewy: Ah Crab!
Maya: Oh My!
Shampoo: Ayiaa!
Kasami: What the heck?

 "..H...Hai?" Sasami brought herself closer to Tenchi
resting her head on his chest. She licked her lips then spoke softly. "I
want a sip of your tea as well, the heat makes my throat feel better...."
Tenchi nodded then sighed. "Sasami-chan i hope you get better soon!"

Chewy: So do we!
Yohko: (fearfully) Chewy?
(Chewy turns to Yohko)
Chewy: I only have eyes for you dear.
Others: (roll their eyes and sight with resignition)
Author snickers widely. In the tradition of Sasami's lemony revenge.
Yohko: GRRR. I hate people who write Sasami lemons! You and me buddy, right 
here! Right now!
Chewy|:(Gulp) Yohko, honey? Beloved? are you okay?
(Yohko turns to him with fire in her eyes, and an insane look on here face which 
dispears when she recognizes who is talking.)
Yohko:(High Pitched super-happy voice) CHEWY!!! ^_^)
(Yohko Glomps on to her husband)
Chewy:(Gasping) Yohko-dear, I can't breath.
Yohko: (lightens grip) Oh, sorry ^_^;
Chewy:(Now breathing) S'all right, honey ^_^.

Seriously folks if you gotta lemon the darling, Let her grow up a bit first!

Maya: Yeah, she's just a kid, she doesn't deserve that!
Yohko: Amen sister.
Shampoo: Shampoo tired of seeing little girl treated like dirt, she good girl!
Kasami: Yeah, stop hurting my mom!

Or shag Tsunami. *Author drools* Oh...Tsunami.... Um anyway..hehe...

Chewy: And people think I have my mind in the gutter.
Yohko: Yeah, at lease it isn't Sasami. Tsunami is at lease of legal age, and she 
doe's get Tenchi in your Fanfics, Chewy. By the way, What happened to Ryoko, 
anyway?
Chewy: Well, Tenchi chose Tsunami, but Tsunami saw the grief that Ryoko had over 
this decision that she created a copy for her, more than a clone, actually part 
of the original Tenchi, a perfect original.
Kasami: That's why mom and Ryoko get along so well. Ryoko lives with dad's twin 
while sharing our house with us three. Fortunately, dad and his twin have 
distinct hair styles and dad's hair is darker than his twin's.
(Tsunami appears in the theater)
Tsunami: Kasami?
Kasami runs over and embraces her, Tsunami embraces her daughter.
Kasami: Momma! I've missed you so much!
Tsunami: I've missed you too, little one. I couln't help but overhear that you 
were talking about Your father, yourself and I. I have wonderful news for you! 
You're going to have a little brother and sister soon! 
(With the exception of Kasami and Tsunami faunt)
Tsunami: What's with them? Oh well.
(Tsunami revives them)
Tsunami: I love you, sweety, but I got to go.
Kasami: I understand. I love you too.
(Tsunami dissipears as the others wake up) 
Yohko: What?
Chewy: Huh?
Shampoo: Shenme?


Send the c and c to Genesischan@hotmail.com. Please flame me, it means you
read the fic!

Shampoo: Napalm or thermite?
(Everyone exits)

(Bridge)
Yohko: Chewy! We just picked up a person on scanners!
Chewy: What? No human can survive in a vaccum!
Yohko: She can't and she won't for long unless we get here inside now!
Chewy: Kasami, ready the medical suite! Shampoo, get down to the airlock! Maya, 
get a tractor beam locked on to her!
Maya, Shampoo, Kasami: Right!

(Hours pass as the desperate patient is brought onboard and the medical computer 
treats her)

Chewy: It looks like she's going to make, thank God.
Yohko: I recognize her. She was that extra from "Project A-ko: the College 
Years), after having sex, she was shoved out the airlock.
Maya: Good thing we just happened to pass by.
Chewy: My heart broke when I read that chapter.
Kasami: Shhh, she's reviving.
(Unknown individual): hmm? What happened? I was shoved out an airlock and then I 
passed out... Where am I?!
Maya: It's alright, your safe now.
(Unknown individual): (Starts to sob) I trusted her! I trusted her! Then she 
tried to kill me! (Balls for a long time)
Yohko: (Puts a hand on her shoulder) There, There, your safe now. It's going to 
be alright.
Kasami: I'm going to give you a sedative for you to recover. You'll be alright, 
I promise.
(Unknown individual): (Sniff) Thanks.

End part one.

I like to MST, if you want it MSTed, just ask. Also, all MSTs are welcome and 
even encouraged.
Chewy
billriddle1@attbi.com
