Disclaimer: I think you know.  It aint mine.  But what if it were...
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


	Tenchi wiped the sweat from his brow, as he tended the fields.  He
stopped, as a familiar song, sung by a familiar voice, echoed between the
trees.  <That voice!  It can't be...>
	The young lady emerged from the folliage.  Her long black hair,
was tied in a topknot, that flowed down her back.  Her skin was tanned by
the suns golden rays, and her eyes seemed to soak up all the beauty and joy
of the world and reflect them back.  She wore a long black dress.  Strapped
to her back, was a baby boy, who giggled at everything he saw.
	"Oh, hello!"  She smiled upon seeing Tenchi.
	"Uh, hi..." Tenchi responded, not believing what he saw.
	"Are these your fields?"
	"Well, my father's actually, but I take care of them."
	"Mind if I help?" She smiled.
	"Well..."
	"Great!" She giggled, as she let her child off her back.  "My name's
Achika.  What's yours?"
	"It's..." Tenchi had no idea what to say.
	"Waaah!"
	"Tenchi!" Achika laughed.  Tenchi was about to say something, 
when he realized she was talking to her child.  "We'll continue our walk in a bit, 
kay?"
	The little boy nodded, and proceeded to chase a butterfly.
	"It look's like we'll be neighbors." She said as she picked up a hoe
and began working the row next to Tenchi.  "My husband just bought some land
here.  He's gonna build our dreamhouse."
	"Husband?"
	"Yes.  Nobiyuki.  He's such a wonderful guy.  He's finalizing the
plans and getting the construction permits now, he's an architect, but I just had 
to see this place.  It's so beautiful."
	"It is very beautiful." Tenchi smiled.
	"Are you married?" She asked, giggling.
	"Uh, no...well, not yet."
	"So there's someone special in your life, isn't there?"
	"Um, actually, two of them.  That's what makes it so hard."
	"Oh, quite a ladies man, aren't you?" She laughed, elbowing him in
the ribs.  "Well?  Tell me about them.  What are their names?"
	"Ryoko and Ayeka."
	"And what are they like?"
	"Ayeka is a wonderful woman.  She is kind and graceful, full of
beauty and pride.  She is intelligent, refined and warm.  But she's rather full
of herself, and gets rather dangerous when she doesn't get her way."
	"And Ryoko?"
	"Ryoko is, well, Ryoko.  She's rather violent and pushy, but behind
that, she has a heart that surpasses her beauty.  She will leap to anybody's 
defense, even if she doesn't get along with that person.  She may be a bit
overzealous, but her love and spirit will never die."
	"Sounds like a close race.  Well, let's try this.  Have you thought
about what your life would be like if you married one or the other?"
	"Hmm." Tenchi thought about it.  "With Ryoko, I'm sure my life
would be full of non-stop action.  We'd be constantly doing things.  Going to
carnival's, touring the world, anything we haven't done before.  Life with Ayeka
would be great as well.  Her warmth and kindness would give me strength to
face any problem, and her graceful nature is a beauty I will never tire of."
	"Well, that didn't get us very far.  Have you thought about either of
them as a mother?"
	"I think they both need to learn a lot before they could be a mother."
	"Well, you have a tough choice in front of you."
	"Yeah.  But how can I chose.  Ayeka looks at me as a life she has
never before experienced.  One where the heart rules over the mind, and beauty
and life abound.  But Ryoko, Ryoko's past is full of darkness and pain, until she
came into my life, and my family and I treated her with a respect she never had
before.  How can I chose, when whoever I don't chose will have to go back
to the cold world they lived in before."
	"Will they?  If you spend your entire life looking at the ground, and
then somebody makes you look up and see the light of the sun, will you look
at the ground again just because they aren't there?"
	"No, but..."
	"Your choice still lies in front of you.  But chose for yourself, not
for them.  Chose the life which will make you happy.  If they truly love you, then
they will continue the lives you started for them, whether you're a part of it or
not.  Chose not in haste, but chose quickly, because you never know how long
your time with them will last..." Young Tenchi's butterfly flew past Tenchi,
distracting him for an instant.  When he looked back, Achika, young Tenchi, and
their harness were gone.
	Tenchi walked back towards the house in slow motion, his mind
realing from the conversation he just had, or at least thought he had.
	"Chose not in haste, but chose quickly, because you never know 
how long your time with them will last..." her words echoed through Tenchi's
mind.  But how.  How could he hurt one of them like that?
	"If they truly love you, then they will continue the lives you started 
for them, whether you're a part of it or not."  But which one?  
	Ryoko: A beautiful demon, who's heart and kindess are hidden 
behind a veil of violence from her dark past, in fear that if she let down that
guard, then the darkness would sieze her yet again.
	Ayeka: A magestic angel, who's gentle spirit tries so hard to break 
past her shell of pride and anger, taught to her by her life, and created by herself
as the only way she knew to survive the cold reality of the life of a Jurian Princess.
	Tenchi broke out into a run, as he sped towards home.  He had made
his decision.
	He slowly slid the front door open.  There she was, sleeping on
the sofa, waiting for his return.  His touch woke her, and she smiled at him.
	"We have to talk, my love..."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I don't know if this kind of idea has been done before, but I've always thought
the "decision without a decision" ending was one of the best.  If you say "Tenchi
should marry Ryoko" then you are right.  If you say "Ayeka is the only one who
Tenchi truly belongs with" you're right too.  Well, kill me if you want, but send all 
idea's, opinions, etc. to okuhn@ucsd.edu