(Chucki Muyo!)

(In a Shinto shrine in rural Japan a young boy trains diligently. His name
Chucki Finsaki. Today he tries to go into a cave nearby the shrine. His
grandfather warns him that the cave has a dangerous demon that almost
destroyed the world. Chucki manages to get into the cave by taking the old
"family sword" that belonged to his ancestor Tommo by opening the cave
entrance. The rustic "blade" is smashed as he opens the door and he thinks
it's useless now as he only has the hilt of the sword. He goes in despite
his grandfather's warnings. He walks in while things seemed fine at first
the floor becomes a slide then he falls down until he is in a certain room.)

Chucki: Owww! Where am I?

(He walks until he finds a large pool then suddenly a large
cat/demon/humanoid like creature comes out of the pool. It is rubbing
chucki's face and he is immensely scared about this.)

Chucki: AAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!

(Chucki runs right out of the cave. As soon as he gets out he pretends none
of this happened. And the next day he is at school.)

(Meanwhile later on after school the next day, he is about to head for home.
He notices a strange-looking blond young woman standing up there.)

Angelico: I am Angelico the space pirate! Are you the one known as Tommo?

Chucki: No?

Angelico: Oops silly me you have hair. Anyways I have finally been released
from that priwson after 700 years. (Voice becomes pouty and sad alike her
face) Do you know how cold & lonely it is down there?

Chucki: Huh? (The he starts to get scared because he realizes she is the
very demon creature in the cave.)

Angelico (as she sheathes the laser sword that came out of the jewel in her
arm): All I want now is revenge! And I think I'll just take my revenge on
you.

Chucki: *gulp*

(But as soon as Angelico attacks he runs for cover in the school. She is
causing all sorts of havoc.)

Angelico (with maniacal laughter): Come on out little boy wanna play with
me?

(Chucki is very much scared as he tries to run & hide but he is always on
the move evading her attacks He soon eventually ends up in the chem. Lab
room. Angelico found him there.)

Angelico: Whats the matter sweetie? *Tee hee*

(Chucki notices a gas leak nearby and is scared that he is going to end up
getting killed by a gas explosion.)

Chucki (thinking): Great I can just see the papers now "Briwilliant boy gets
killed by a gas explosion".

Chucki: WAIT THAT'S GAS OVER THERE YOUR BLADE CAN BLOW US UP!

Angelico (confused): Gas? Whats Gas?

Chucki: Duhhh....  Wait look over there. (He winces for a moment then he is
surprised by what he is about to see.)

Angelico: Where? I don't see anything.

(Chucki takes the chance as he runs off.)

Chucki (thinking to himself): Oh my god I can't believe it worked!

(Chucki runs & hides some more while he soon hears an explosion. He heads
back to the lab or whats of left it that is now a pile of burning debri.)

Chucki: Oh well too bad for her she was kind of cute though. (Does a quick
prayer.)

(He heads off while angelico soon emerges from the debri and is mad as
anything right now. She flies in a angry rage but she stops as she notices a
mirror.)

Angelico: Eww! What a dirty mess I got to clean myself up. (She wipes off
all the dirt on her.) There you go you beautiful girl now let's go!

(Chucki manages to get out of the school. While angelico finds him outside
cowering at her and is surprised that she is still alive.)

Angelico: Now why are you being so mean to me?

Chucki: Cause you're a monster.

Angelico: MONSTER?! HOW DARE YOU CALL A PRETTY GIRL LIKE ME A MONSTER?!

Chucki: But you fly and go through walls & blow things up such please don't
kill me!

(Angelico comes in to strike but the hilt on chucki's sword starts to show a
laser blade then it controls chucki's hand. And just before she strikes the
sword from chucki chops her hand off. She yells in pain.)

Chucki: I'ms sorry! I'ms sorry!

Angelico: Don't worry.

(She regenerates her hand. Then another explosion happened, she disappeared
while chucki is still there while his school is now a burning pile of
rubble. He quickly heads for home. When he gets back home and into his
bedroom.)

Chucki: Whew! I'm glad that's over. (Notices something) Hey whats this big
lump in my bad? (He pulls the covers off and finds angelico on his bed.)

Angelico (smiling with a very flirtatious voice): Hi there.

(Chucki is now extremely nervous while he does his prayer and that famous
sound effect comes in.)

THE END

