Disclaimer:  Pioneer and AIC owns these characters, and I am not taking
credit for them, since I am not a raving lunatic who wishes to get sued.
Thank you.

This poem features Sasami showing her "violent side."  She's just sick and
tired of being ordered around, and I thought this would be fun to make.
Sorry to all the Sasmi fans, and all you others too.  Again, I'm sorry, and
please don't visit my house wielding pitchforks.

"Mommy, can you tell me a story?"
"Sure darling, which one do you want?
"I want to hear one about a little girl!"
"OK, here goes.  Once upon a time, there lived a girl named Cindersami.
Want me to read you the poem?"
"Sure!"
"All right..."

"CINDERSAMI!" yelled a voice from the lab.
" I need more MSG for my crab!"
"Bring it for me!" said the little smarty.
"I'm tired and I still didn't have my coffee."
Cindersami smiled, and shoved the MSG,
right through Little Washu's knee.
She then took the coffee pot,
which was still boiling hot,
stood up on a chair,
and dumped it in Washu's hair,
leaving the genius screaming in her lair.

"Cindersami," a tired voice yawned.
It came from the direction of the dumb blonde.
She sat on the sofa with her head in her hands,
watching her fave show, Purple Policeman.
"I want some cookies please--"
But before she could finish, Cindersami squeezed
Mihoshi's neck, and out popped her eyes.
"There," Cindersami said.  "are your precious cream pies."

"CINDERSAMI!" Ayeka shrieked.
As she sat there, painting her feet.
"Bring me my wrinkle lotion,"
My mascara, and my youth potion."
"I need it now!" she screamed.
So Cindersami got the cream
and shoved it in her sister's face
Spraying her eyes out with mace.
She also got the mascara brush,
And put it on for her with a grizzly bear's touch.
Last but not least, the youth drink,
Well, Cindersami poured that down the sink.
Not only that, she shoved Ayeka out the window,
her sister's screams growing to a high cresendo.

"Cindersami," a voice cooed.
"You know, I'm in the mood,"
"To get a date with Tenchi, my favorite man."
"Would you mind getting me a kimono and a fan?"
"I want to look pretty in a dress,"
Wearing only my winter best."
Cindersami got the dress,
Tearing the pretty lace to a mess.
She got the fan, and ripped it in three,
And punched Ryoko as far as the eye can see,
Screaming, "What are you talking about, Tenchi's for me!"

"Cindersami!" a deep voice yelled.
"I need my tie, I have houses to sell!"
"Or else our bank account is going straight to hel-- I mean heck."
So, Cindersami wrapped it around Nobuyuki's neck,
Pulled too tight, I'm rather afraid
As she sent Nobuyuki to his untimely grave.
Left his corpse, took his money,
Saying, "That will be the last time he messes with Cindersami."

"Cindersami!" shouted Katsuhito.
The only one, the last to go.
"I need my glasses, and hurry."
"Everything is starting to get blurry."
Don't question me what happened, please don't ask.
Let's just say that he didn't last.

Cindersami wasn't sad, she was quite gay.
"Well, it was time they left anyway."
" I couldn't stand them, they were like fleas,"
"I think I'll live the rest of my life with Tenchi."

"Mommy, that story was kind of sad."
"Oh, I'm sorry."
"Mommy, can you get me a glass of water?"
BAM!
"I'm not Cindersami, I'm Cindertsunami!"