Dont sue us disclaimer:  We do not own this fanfic neither do we own any of 
the
charicters (Except Carl and Katy) they all belong to their respective owners
(well duh) so please dont sue us, we're broke.

Attention: a sentance or word surrounded by *s is an action and one 
surrounded
by <>s is a thought.

Carl was laughing insanely and dancing round the living room. Katy walked in
from the kitchen with a can of diet cola in one hand.
Katy: What is it? Did you finally manage to get that gumball out of your 
nose?
Carl: I do not have a gumball up MY NOSE! Besides, I hooked the TV up to the
wall and the computer. * He grinned *
Katy: So?
Carl: So! SO! So I can download fanfics from the internet and show them in
picture form on the wall. AND... * his eyes glinted madly *
Katy:<oh god, here we go again!>
Carl: And this *he indicated a cupboard with buttons on the door* can 
teleport
any three people from anywhere in the universe to watch the fanfics with us.
Katy: *puts her arm round his shoulders and starts to lead him away* Yes I'm
sure it does, why dont we go have a nappy bye. * searches through pockets * 
<Now
where did I put that key>
Carl: It works I'll show you. * He runs over to the cupboard and hits some 
of
the keys, the door starts banging and shaking then blows open Revealing a 
rather
dazed Duo Maxwell *
Duo: Where the hell am I?
Katy: * her jaw drops * It accualy worked!
Carl: Well duh! Im only the third greatest scientist in the universe!
Katy: Who's the second?
Carl: Uhhhh.... Well......... Me!
Katy: * laughs * In your dreams you are the stupidest scientific mind in the
universe.
Carl: Well, who are you gonna chose to watch the fanfics with?
Katy: Uh, hes already here.
Carl: Who, me?
Katy: No you idiot! I chose Duo!
Carl: Realy? well then I choose Vegeta! *He pushes some buttons and Vegeta 
comes
out of the cupboard*
Vegeta: Lemme guess, MST?
Carl (to katy): Catches on pretty quickley, dont he?
Katy: Is that what we're doing?
Carl: Yeah, were MSTing a fanfic Katy
Katy: Ya could have told me.
Carl: Wasnt it obvious?  Oh yeah, Duo, Vegeta, you two are gonna be regulars
here, k?
Katy (Carl): I hooked it up to the wall so we can watch fanfics and made a
cupboard that teleports people.
Carl: HEY! No imitating me unless I'm in the fanfic were watching!
Katy: Well ya could have made it clearer exactly why you were teleporting 
people
into cupboards. Of all the brothers in the world trust ME to end up with 
this
one! * sighs *
Vegeta (to Duo): I think were in for a rough ride
Duo (to Vegeta): Yeah, I hope they don't do this all the time!
Carl: Ok, I'll be right back with popcorn * steps into the kitchen, and 
makes
popcorn with his "Instant Cook" microwave he invented * ok, sit down, im
starting the fanfic.






Do NOT pick the flowers


Duo: What? No Disclaimer?
Katy: Someone's gonna sue his ass!
Carl: I cut it out, wastes space
Vegeta: Why? Their usualy the best part in some fanfics!


(Or: "Don't do things that you shouldn't do in certain places, where there
usually are signs

saying you not to do it and..." Well, you get the idea...)

Katy (Carl): duhh I don't get the idea, please explain it to me.. duhh
Carl: I thought I told you not to do that
Katy: Yeah well I'm ignoring you * smiles *
Carl: Vegeta, I think you know what to do when she does that again
Vegeta: Yeah, I know, Gallic Gun, anything to shut you two up


By Vincent M. 'Max Raven' Eskilsson.



------------------------------------------ <---The LINE (Meaning either the 
end
or the beginning)


Carl (Katy): I never knew that coz I'm a dumbass.
Katy: At least I'm SLIGHTLY beleivable
Vegeta: SHUT UP!
Carl: Yes
Katy: Aye, aye Cap'n
Vegeta: I'll let you off for that one, but don't think I will again later!


We may think to ourselves sometimes,

"This is not the reality i want, itïs to boring!
No danger, no adventure, no elves running around in woods
or dwarves living in caves, creating faboulus treasure!

Katy: That's what he thinks!


No evil Empire and no heroic Rebellion!

Why do I live such a boring life?"

Carl: Because you deserve it!

The answer to this, is, of course, that we live in a real world,

not a world created in a book or in someones imagination.

Yes, some might have a miserable existence,

and others think they have a miserable life, but are not even close to it.
In many of the rich countries, many of the real adventures in life have
disappeared
due to the level of technology. Sure, there is bungee-jumping, sky-surfing,
bank-robbing,
and all those other expensive fashion-sports,
but where lies the adventure for an ordinary person?
There always is computer gaming, of course, but sometime the game has to end 
and
you wake up
back in the boring Reality. Reading books is an option, and it is now close 
to
impossible to
read every book ever created, given you skip the cheap novels,
that takes the writer of the book about three days to make.
Many other options are available, but many of these still leave the the 
person
with limited
choices and a feeling of not being THERE, where everything happen.
This doesnït count the persons with very broad imagination, who probably 
find
their adventure
hunger satisfied in the squared things with pages or as a greatly boasted
character on the
computerscreen, but sometime must come when they look up from their
screens/books
and think to themselves:
"Iïm bored."
School is the final, and most terrifying, solution for all of this(hmm, 
well,
you are FORCED to
go there, but anyway), where your mind is kept busy by the French 
Revolution,
equations and such.
Still, the most intesified moment many experience today in a world as 
advanced
as this, is when
they drop the soap in the bathtub and, under a lot of movement and gestures, 
try
effortlessly to
pick it up.
Maybe this is why roleplaying games are so popular among young people?
This is a story, not about dropping the soap in the bathtub, although it has
some elements of it,
but about a situation caused in an imaginate borderworld between imagination 
and
reality.

Duo: I'm asleep already!
Katy: * snores loudly *


Welcome to:
(As large drums are heard in the background, a road appears, with a car 
driving
on it.
Right behind the driver, the title is displayed)
*(Ok, just put in any title you like here)*

Vegeta: Okay how about, "This Fanfic Blows!"
Carl: "The Adventures of Puma Man"


(Or put the title of the fanfic there, whatever you prefer.)

As the car drove along on the road, the engine suddenly began to studder,

Duo: The car did what now?
Katy: It st-st-st-started to st-st-st-studder


causing a reduction of speed. Not completely surprising the driver, the car
stopped.
The driver exited the car.
It was a green-haired female, about 17, wearing sunshades, blue jeans ,
a white shirt and a black leather jacket.
Her hair was a mess.
She opened the front of the car, and took a look at the engine.
"Great,",she said to herself,"the car broke down."

Vegeta: Now there's a shocker!


She took a short look at the car, a chevriolet(not that it matters, it still
broke down)

She sighed and started walking towards something that looked like a house in 
the
distance.

Meanwhile, halfway across the globe, two persons were jogging in the woods,
discussing what
seemed like an important subject. A closer contact, however, showed that 
this
was not the case.
"So.",Vincent, a blonde 16-year old guy, wearing a red jogging dress,
appearently not using it properly, said to his friend,"If the entire Tenchi
Muyo! cast
would appear in front of you, what would you do?"

Duo: Does everyone else think its obvious what happens next?
All: Yes


>Oh, god, another one of his dumb questions!< his friend thought to himself.
"Uh..." he began,

but before he had a chance to answer a strange distorsion caused by the 
question
spit out

the entire Tenchi Muyo! cast in the bushes to the front and left of them.
Tenchi & CO quickly ran past them.

All: Cheers


"Uhhh?" Vincent managed to say before another group of odd-looking 
characters
passed by,

consisting of what Vincent knew had to be: 2 mad scientists, 1 long with 
grey
pale skin and
grey hair, dressed in green robes, carrying a huge green sword,
and one with a haircut which made him resemble an octopus
(no need for further distuingishing detailing about him, eh?),
1 black, floating mist, with a white, rather evil-looking face,
1 small goblin looking kid (Ok, HOW do you explain Yezhua's appearance?) and
1 floating goddess, who were shouting at the others to run faster
(something like:"Come on! Get them!").
The two friends stared a couple of seconds after them.
Then they started jogging again,

Katy: Hey, a bunch of ca... umm never mind

and Vincent slipped on a carrot left behind and got a

nasty bruising.



To some people this may seem odd.

Vegeta: No really?


Not the part about the whole Tenchi Muyo cast appearing in bushes,
but the whole part in it self. They will start to ask questions like:
"What has this to do with the story?" and "Why am I reading this crap?!"

Katy: What has this got to do with the story?
Duo: Why am I reading this crap?


This will eventually end up in the 'great' mysteries:

Katy: Why black olive come in cans and green olives come in glass jars?


"Why am I here?" and "Why was I born?"

Katy: Oh those great mysteries.
Vegeta: I know why me and Duo are here?
Carl: Why?
Duo: Because you brought us here!
Carl: oh har dee har har!


The answers to these great questions have not yet been discovered.

Some may think, suspicously, that itïs because noone has managed to utilize

enough energy to find the answer.

This is of course completely wrong. The answers are, right now:
"You are here to read this story" and "To live... and to read this story."
The answers to the two first questions, or at least the very first one, is:
"Read and ye shall see."

Not knowing of this (obviously) was the green-haired girl.
She herself was walking towards the house.
She was just a couple of metres from it when she noticed how quiet it was.
She knocked on the door.

Katy: Knock knock.
Carl: Who's there?
Katy: Orange.
Carl: Orange who?
Katy: Orange you glad its not a lemon?
All: YES


"Anybody home?" she asked quietly.

There was no answer for several minutes.

She knocked again, harder this time.

"Hello! Anyone there?!"

There was still no answer. She pressed the handle down and noticed that the 
door
was open.

Vegeta: Well you would if you pushed the handle down


She opened the door slowly, and took a peek inside.

Carl (girl): Ahhh, that's better
Katy: a peek not a pee
Carl: Oh sorry
Vegeta: * shakes his head muttering something about next time he was 
transported
anywhere it'd be blast first ask questions never *


"Hello?", she asked once more.

Still no answer was heard.

She took a quick look around inside, and entered.

A few minutes later she hung up the phone after being told for the

fifth time to wait until the line was cleared.

Carl: I never knew how much junk was on the lines anyway?
Katy: * moans * It's going to be a long day
Duo and Vegeta: Amen to that


She noticed a photo standing on the table next to the phone.

She picked it up and observed it slowly.
It was a photo taken on some sort of picnic.
The only male on the picture was a rather uncomfortable-looking boy.
He was standing right next to a cyan-haired woman, who seemed to be 
attracted to
him.
For some reason, the green-haired girl got the feeling that the woman in the
picture was standing
next to him, and not the other way around.
Behind the cyan-haired woman stood a girl dressed in a kimono.
Her face was all red.
To front and right of the picture stood a 12-year old girl with long red 
spiky
hair.
She was making a victory sign. Sitting on the grass was a blue-haired young 
girl
with a
picnic-basket in front of herself. She seemed to have some sort of rabbit
sitting on her head.
Right behind her a black haired woman sat to the left of a blonde one.
The blonde girl was sipping on something that seemed to be soda.
The green-haired girl put down the photo.
<Large family>,she thought to herself.
"Looking for something, miss?", a voice behind her said.

Carl: Yeah the bathroom I need to take a peek
Vegeta: * hits him in the face * Next time It'll be the gallic gun
Carl: what it was only toilet humor
Vegeta: * starts powering up *
Carl: Okay, Okay I'm sorry!



To get the answer to who it was asking the question, we can rely on pure 
logic.
It obviously wasnït Tenchi, because he and the rest of the cast
was halfway across the globe being chased by villains.
It was absolutely not anyone of the villains, because they were busy chasing
Tenchi and CO,
unless it was somekind of new villain, deviced solely for this story,
and I promise you I havenït made any of those.

All: Cheers


We can therefor make a quick propability check on whom might be behind her.

If we take away all villains and Tenchi & CO, we are left with noone.
Of course, this is not the case. Noone wouldnït say anything.

Katy: Run that by me again?
Carl: he said "Noone wouldn't say anything" like always.
Katy: That has never, ever been funny

Now, of course Nobyouki wasnït with Tenchi

Duo: and here was me thinking that the WHOLE cast was with Tenchi

and the others, but he wasnït at home either.

He was away, working to pay off last monthïs repair bills.

Fortunately for him, but maybe not for the girl,

Yoshou hadnït been transferred when the others were.
This was because of a state called SCRIPTUS TOOLD,

Carl: WTF?
Katy (to author): That wont work you know
Carl: What the F***?
Katy (to author): Much better!


i.e. he was to old to run away from any villains.

All: Ahhhhhhhhh



As they continued jogging, the two friends heard distant explosions and
fighting.
Not too far away you could see pillars of smoke rise to the skies.
Also, some parts of the woods seemed to have caught fire.
Of course, persons with supernatural powers fighting werenït as usual on 
this
part of the globe,

Vegeta: Remind me to put a holiday to wherever this is on my itinerary


and they did attract attention, not only by normal people, but also by the 
fire-
department and

the police. The fire-department made quick emergency extinguishing, while 
the
police made futile
attempts to arrest the persons fighting, all to the enjoyment of a quickly
growing audience.

Carl: They better keep away from Kagato!  He might suck their blood!
Katy (to Vegeta and Duo): We should unplug his computer sometimes
Vegeta and Duo: * nod *


Ryo-Ohki had hid away under a bush.

Katy (to Carl): Not one word out of you.
Carl: * Smiles and nods *

There was a sweet smell emerging from it.

A quick glance proved the bush to be a berry bush.

Carl: What, Conker's girlfriend?
Katy: * slaps him *
Carl (to Vegeta): a bit of help here please?
Vegeta: Sure! Gallic gun! *fires his gallic gun at katy making a katy shaped
hole in the wall *
Katy: Since I'm in the kitchen anyway, does anyone want a drink?

She took a look outside the bush.
Wandering around, muttering to herself, was Lady Tokimi.
She said something like: "I am surrounded by idiots."

Vegeta: So am I!


Ryo-Ohki didnït like the situation. It wasnït the thought that she was only 
a
few metres away
from a goddess that was most disturbing, although it did trigger some 
nervous
feelings. The thing she found most disturbing was that she lost her carrot.

Carl: And her bag of marbles. She wanted to build a snowman
Katy (to Carl): Carl,
Carl(to Katy): yes Katy?
Katy (to Carl): Shush!


She quickly estimated her chances of beating a goddess in combat, which 
seemed
like almost zero.

Then she leaped out of the bushes, aiming for Tokimi.



Mihoshi and Kiyone were running as fast as they could. Hunting them was 
Kagato,

Carl: Mihoshi and Kiyone, hunted by a vampire!
Katy: * smacks him * You can stop quoting that damn fic now!
Duo: Uh, Carl, your starting to scare me now!
Vegeta: I think he's scaring everyone.

blasting at them with green energy beams.
Clumsy as she was, Mihoshi fell, pulling Kiyone with her in the fall.

Carl: Why did she wait till fall?


<Thatïs it, weïre done for>, Kiyone thought as she hit the ground.

She closed her eyes and awaited the unavoidable end.

It never came. Looking up, Kiyone saw Kagato

Carl: or Vampy as I call him
* Kagato teleports in *
Kagato: DAMNIT! HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO SAY IT! I'M NOT A VAMPIRE! *
teleports out *
All: Ummmmmmmmm...

being taken away by some police officers.

Or at least they were trying to take him away. Kiyone stood up and pulled
Mihoshi on her feet.
"Are we dead?", Mihoshi asked.
"We will be soon if we donït get moving.", Kiyone answered.
They resumed running away from the rather confused Kagato, watching as they 
ran
away but being
much to busy to follow.
<Why did I slow down to finish them off?>, he thought as he hurled a police
officer
50 metres into a bush.

Duo: If they were in a forest, he wouldn't have to throw someone that far to
throw them into a bush.
Carl: yeah


Fortunately the bush was soft, so the policeman just got a little bit hurt.

Vegeta: a soft bush?
Katy (to Carl): Carl, don't even think about it.



The ones with the largest group following them must have been Tenchi, Ryoko 
and
Aeka.

The rather nasty-looking Kain was right behind them, and Yezhua didnït 
improve
the situation.
Ryoko avoided a large energy blast from Kain, making it hit an 
innocent-looking
tree,
which immediatly caught fire.
The not-so-fully innocent Kain fired once more, this time at Tenchi.
Ryoko flew into Tenchi, pulling him with her, saving him from almost certain
death.
Unfortunatley, this meant they flew into one of the trees which cluttered 
the
forest.
Kain followed Aeka, and left Yezhua to alone with Ryoko and Tenchi,

Katy (to Carl): No.........

currently lying helplessly on the ground.

Yezhua grinned much like death as she summoned up energy to destroy the two.

This was about the time the burning tree collapsed and fell onto Yezhua,
lighting her clothes.

With a loud scream she ran away into the forest, leaving Tenchi and Ryoko
completely unharmed.
As the other trees were lit, Ryoko woke up.
She pulled Tenchi out of danger and sat down on a grassy hill, laying Tenchi
beside her.
<I was sure we were going to get killed.
I wonder what happened to the Kain and Yezhua.>, she thought.

Carl (Tenchi): They ...
Katy (to Carl): Don't even think it, bub!
Carl (tenchi): ... died, I hope!
Katy (to Carl): well, that's better than what I though you would say



Kain was for the moment busy chasing Aeka, which he found quite annoying.
Aeka herself didnït have an opinion for the moment,
she was to busy running away from the villain.
As Kain fired another bolt of energy at her,
Aeka couldnït stop herself wondering what had happened to Tenchi and Ryoko.

Duo: Didn't he just say she was too busy to think?
All: Yes


And Yezhua, she added after a couple of seconds thinking.

<That monster-woman alone with Tenchi?>

She shuddered at the thought. Quickly she turned left, ran for a while, and
turned left again,
heading for the place where she had left Ryoko and Tenchi behind.
Kain lost Aeka when he turned after her to follow, and fell victim for a 
jogger,
i.e. the jogger ran into him.

Tenchi woke up.
<What happened? Uhhhh?>, he thought as he saw a pair of feline eyes staring 
into
his.
"Ryoko? What happened? Where is everyone?", he asked her.
"Nothing to worry about Tenchi... We're safe, right?"
"I suppose so Ryoko..."
"Do me a favor Tenchi... Just close your eyes and let go.",
Ryoko said as she leaned over to kiss him.
"Ryoko... Stop that... Really Ryoko, we shouldn't be doing this...", Tenchi
stuttered.
"Why Tenchi?"

Katy: Because this isn't a lemon and it might set Danny Dirty-mind here off
again.
Carl (to Katy): Who?
Katy (to Carl): You!


"Uhmm... Because... I'm sure I had a very good reason for it...."

"Miss Ryoko!", a voice from behind said.

"Well, well... Princess Aeka. Care to join us?", Ryoko said with a grin.

Katy: * smacks carl * I'm not even letting you get started this time
Carl: Tuf, ooh! A threesome!
* Vegeta fires another gallic gun, leaving Carl out in the back yard *



I guess everyone can imagine what followed that perfect comment.

Over to more serious matters.



Sasami and Washu were obviously being chased by Dr. Clay,
a rather uncomfortable situation for all parts involved.
An uncomfortable situation for the two girls, because they didn't seem to be
able to figure out
why they were being chased by this idiot, and an uncomfortable situation for
Clay, because
he didn't know when the two girls would realise this.
Suddenly, they did, and turned around and jumped him, knocked him 
unconscious
in a mere
thousenth of a second, and Washu used one of her ingenius devices to get him
tied up.

* Carl staggers back in *
Carl: Owch!


The whole situation was rather discracing

Katy: and it's the CD first
Duo: followed closely by the vinyl LP
Vegeta: and trailing in last place the floppy
Carl: Awww, that was really something I wanted to do!


for Dr. Clay, who would have trouble explaining to his
superiors how he managed to get knocked out by two kids, though one of them 
was
a goddess and

the other one assimilated

Katy: We are the Borg you will be assimilated!

with one.



As Ryo-Ohki flew through the air, she noticed she wasn't.

Carl: she wasn't? she wasn't what? Wasn't human? Wasn't on the ground?
Vegeta: She isn't human she's a cabbit


She was just hanging in the middle of the jump, not being able to go 
anywhere.

"Fool", Tokimi said while grinning towards the cabbit, "I knew of your 
presence
even before you
ended

Katy: Ryo-Ohki's ended?
Duo: Yes they all ended and so the fanfic was no more
All: YAY!

hid in those bushes. There's no way you could possibly have surp..."

Something hit Tokimi in the back of her head, disrupting what she wanted to 
say.
She hit the ground with a small "ounf".
For the moment, Tokimi was out cold.
Ryo-Ohki landed on the ground again, and looked up at her saviour.

Katy: Jesus?
Carl: Satan?


"My suggestion is that we get our asses out of this place.", John said, as 
he
and Vincent dropped
the log they had been carrying, "Because when she wakes up, she's going to 
be
pissed."

Katy: Did she land face down in a pool of tequila.
Duo: American english to English english translation. Pissed means Pissed 
off
Katy: Ahhhhhhhhhh that explains it.
Carl: Awwwwwwwwww I wanted her to puke.


"Miya? Ninjin?",

Carl: Whats Ninjin? My cat doesn't say Ninjin
Duo: Ryo-Ohki's a Cabbit.
Vegeta: and Ninjin's the new Jedi in Star Wars
Katy: Isn't that Qui-Gon Jin?
Vegeta: Close enough

Ryo-Ohki asked as Vincent bent down to pick her up.

"I'm sure we can manage to find some carrots.", Vincent replied.

"Yeah yeah yeah!! Let's get going!!", John said nervously.

The three of them headed away from the spot at high speed.

If anyone by any chance wonders how the _HELL_ someone could knock a
goddess out with a log, the answer would be that because this is in the
borderworld between
reality and imagination (SI dimension ^^), the goddess couldn't sence the 
SI-
characters' presence
and hence they could, to put it in simple words, knock her out.

Sasami and Washu decided to find Tenchi and the others.
They left Clay on the ground, as they really didn't feel like carrying 
around
the rather worthless villain.
As they found the place where the tree had fallen, they were... shocked...

Hahaha! Here I could write what they saw, but I'm going to leave you to 
roast
for a little
while longer. They say writing fanfics is not fun

Vegeta: Watching them isn't that great either

(you know... _they_), but it's moments like

this that makes it all worthwhile.

Well, before we return to what Washu and Sasami saw,

let's check out what happened at Masaki household... And while we're at it,
let's see
how Mihoshi and Kiyone are doing. I can't quite hear your agonised screams?

Duo: At what? This awful fanfic?


Ah... Better. ^^


* Carl opens his mouth to speak *
Katy: she said better not butter
Carl: Awwwwwwwwwww, you ruined that
Vegeta: Yes she did and I'm thankful she did
Duo: Me to, we don't need you to turn it into a lemon it's bad enough 
already


The woman turned around to face the person.

"No... Not exactly... It's just that my car broke down and...", she started.

"Oh, I see. Care for some tea?", Yosho interrupted her.

Carl: Is that tea in the cartoon network sense?


"Thank you very much... Do you live here alone? Isn't this house a little 
big
for you?",

she said as she followed him into the kitchen.

"No, my my son-in-law and and my grandson live here, along with some other.

Vegeta: Some other what?


I myself live over at the shrine."

She sat down, as Yosho started making tea.

"Oh, the girls in the photo.", she said, as she recieved a cup.

"Yes...", Yosho said as he started pouring the tea into her cup.
"I'm really sorry to barge in here like this, but noone answered."
"Nevermind that miss. It's nothing."
"I tried to call a towing company to get the car, but the line was busy."
"Oh. Well, I'm sure my son-in-law can help you with your car and getting 
into
town."
"That's all too kind."
"Not at all. After all, it's not everyday your car breaks down, is it?"
"I'm not too sure about that, it's happened everyday up until now."
The two started laughing.

"Let me see... Was it this way or that we came from?", Mihoshi asked.
"Argh! Mihoshi!!", Kiyone replied.
"Ok ok... Hey, what's that cloud over there?"

Duo: Strangly enough, it's a cloud


"Well I'll be...", Kiyone said, "Trouble. Guess we'd better find Tenchi and 
the
others."
They started running towards the site from where the smoke rose.

Katy: a smoke rose, how pretty, but what was it doing?
* Carl hits Katy with a baseball bat he conveniently found down the side of 
the
sofa *



The audience was beginning to look a bit disappointed,

Vegeta: Yeah we're disappointed coz this is shit

as the police towed away a man with

octupus beard and stuffed him into a police car.

This was the second person they managed to bring in, along a strange mist

with a white face in it.
Both of them had been unconscious when they were brought in.
The fire department had succeeded in putting most of the fires out, and were 
now
tending to a few
smaller ones.
Also, the police had found a lady lying on the ground, and they had got her
brought to the local
hospital, along with some goblin-like kid with 3rd degree burns.
The final element of distorsion

Katy: Distortion what was distorting?

was Kagato, and when the police _finally_ managed to subdue and

handcuff him, most of the audience sighed out in mixed boredom and relief, 
and
headed home.

When Mihoshi and Kiyone finally found Tenchi and the others they were very
surprised.
The first persons

Katy: The first person singular is I
* Duo snores *

they saw were Sasami and Washu, both shocked by something.
As they came closer, and finally came up next to the two girls, they also 
froze.
They stared, shocked, at the scene in front of them.
On the ground, Ryoko and Aeka were lying, kissing and hugging a helpless 
Tenchi,

Carl: Ha! Told you!
* Everone else nods *

who actually

seemed to quite enjoy his situation.

* Vegeta and Duo facefault *
Carl (to Katy): good thing we cant do that!


Mihoshi and Kiyone just stared, they didn't seem to be able to stop staring.



Vincent and John never saw them standing there.
They just ran straight into Mihoshi and Kiyone, ending up in a pile just a
couple of metres
from Tenchi, Ryoko and Aeka.
"Ouch...", Vincent said.
"Ouch...", Mihoshi added.
"Why don't you look where you're going?!", Kiyone yelled at John.
"Err...", was John's reply.
"Miya!", Ryo-Ohki said as she happily jumped down from Vincents head and 
started
jumping around.
"Ryo-Ohki!!", Sasami yelled happily.
Tenchi quickly got to his feet, well as fast as he could, yelling:
"What's going on?"
"You tell me...", Washu replied.
"Err....", he wasn't quite able to answer, his mind messed up by a myriad of
feelings.
Vincent got to his feet, then tried to help Mihoshi get up.
John and Kiyone were already standing up, John brushing his clothes from 
dirt.
Washu was about say something, then noticed John and Vincent, the latter 
helping
Mihoshi get up.
"I recognise you... You were there when that portal opened, right?"
Vincent pulled Mihoshi to her feet, then answered, carefully choosing his 
words,
because he was afraid that what he answered might put both John and himself 
in
trouble:
"Yeah, I think so... But it looked like a dimensional distorsion to me."

Katy: again with the distorting


"Well, I guess I will have to explain some of the physical laws of the 
Universe
to you, so
that you may understand what the difference is."
"Please don't, we've got it...", John quickly replied.
"Alright, I won't... But only if you do _one_ thing..."
"And what exactly is that?", John asked.
"Call me _little_ Washuu!"
"Err....", Vincent said.
"Now, what were you doing just before and when the portal appeared?"
"Let me see... Vincent slipped on a carrot...", John started.
"That was _after_", Vincent pointed out.
"Miya? Ninjin?"

Carl: Take care Obi-Wan

Ryo-Ohki asked.

"Don't worry Ryo-Ohki, we'll get you another carrot.", Tenchi said.

"After we've returned home, that is.", Washu added.

"Well, what did you do?", she asked again.

"Let's see, I was walking with my friend here...", Vincent said, pointing at
John.
"That's what _you_ think.", John said.
"And then I asked him what he would do if the entire Tenchi Muyo! cast 
appeared
in front of him.
And then...", Vincent continued.
"And then I thought, 'God, not another one of his dumb questions', and you
popped up.",
John finished.
"Aha! That's it!", Washu said, quickly tapping away on her sub-space 
computer.
A portal opened, and on the other side everyone could see...
"The bathroom?!", everyone but Washu exclaimed.
"Hey, give me a break, it's the best I could do at the moment.", Washu 
answered.
Vincent gazed into the portal. He thought he could see something on the 
other
end.
It looked like someone was taking a shower.
Female, Vincent could make out by the image on the shower curtain.

Carl: HA! Told you she was looking for a bathroom.


"It looks like someone is showering in there...", he started.

"Grandpa never showers in the bathroom, he baths at the Onsen.", Tenchi 
said.

"Uhm... It looks like someone female...", John added to Vincent's comment,
as he too saw the image.
"Nonsense, who could be showering? All the girls are here.", Washu said.
"Alright, if you say so Washu.", Tenchi said.
"Uhmm...", Vincent began.
"Well, let's go.", Washu said.
Everyone said goodbye to John and Vincent, and left.
The last one to leave was Washu.
"I'll have to examine you two later.", she grinned towards the two.
"Eheh...", John and Vincent said, sweatdrops forming.
"Until then.", Washu said, as she went through the portal, and it closed.
"Hopefully not...", John said.
"Yeah...", Vincent agreed.

The green haired woman was standing in the shower.
Tendrils of water ran down her body, moving down over her bare skin.
<It was a lovely idea>, she agreed.
When the old man had advised her to take a shower and get all that dirt off 
her
body,
she had at first been sceptical about it.
"You can always borrow some of the other girls clothes. I'm sure they don't
mind.",
he had answered her when she had said that she didn't have any change of
clothes.
And with so many girls in her age in the house, there had got to be someone 
with
her size in
clothes.
She picked the soap, and gently rubbed her skin with it, cleaning away every
little bit of dirt.

Katy: * covers her eyes * I don't want to see this
Carl: * Stares and drools * You think this is bad wait till we do a lemon!
* Vegeta, Duo, and Katy shudder *


The door to the bathroom closed.

<Funny, I thought it already was closed>, she thought to herself.

Suddenly she dropped her soap, it sliding out under the shower curtain.
She stepped out to grab it, when a black-haired boy bumped into her.
Tenchi's eyes immedietly got the size of saucers, and his nose started 
bleeding.
"Uhhh...", he said.

The End

* Everyone cheers *


------------------

Flames,

Vegeta: YES

comments, ideas, yadda yadda, and requests for more

* Everyone screams *

are to be sent to:



_8thlegion_max@mail.bip.net



Hope you had a nice fic. ^^

All: NO



-Vincent M. 'Max Raven' Eskilsson, signing off.




Carl: well that's over!
Duo: We don't realy have to do this again, do we?
Carl: Yes!
* everyone moans*
Carl: I guess its time for you two to go * Shoves Duo and Vegeta into the
cupboard, shuts the door, and presses the "return" button *
Katy: Well that was pointless
Carl: Just search the TMFFA for another fic to MST, ok?
Katy: No, screw you, you do it. It was your idea. Anyway I need to go put 
some
cream on these burns.
* Carl sits at the computer and starts typing while Katy shakes her head and
leaves *



Well that was our first MST of a fanfic. So send any comments to
missy_k_4eva@hotmail.com, and send any flames to satan@gotohell.com

>From your two writers, BYE!

