Disclaimer: Vegeta or any other characters used do not belong to us.  We are 
not
making any money off this, nor do we have any, so don't sue us. It would be 
a
waste of time.

(Note: a sentence or word surrounded by *s is an action, and sentances or 
words
surrounded by <>s are thoughts)
(Note 2: Last time, we forgot to mention we MST any fic, unlike others who 
only
do bad fics)

Katy was in the kitchen, chopping vegetables and humming quietly to herself 
as
wonderfull smells filled the room. From the room next door there was a 
strange
tapping sound and some disjointed comments.  Then something rumbled and 
banged
loudly.  Katy dumped the chopped potatoes into a pan and opened the door.  
"Aww
shit!" she exclaimed, standing next to her brother Carl was an annoyed 
looking
man with spikey black hair and sat on Carl's head was a cabbit.  "You could 
have
told me. You're lucky I made a lot of food. It'll be ready in 10 minutes." 
Katy
said. She then turned and walked back into the kitchen.
* 10 minuites later *
Katy walked back into the room with four plates full of food (and a bowl of
carrots for the cabbit) and said "Hey Carl, where's Duo?"
"Right before he left last time, he said he wouldn't be able to come 
anymore,
fightin OZ and all that."
"Oh, well who's gonna help us MST the next fic?"
"Can we just stop talking and get on with the fic?"
"Carl, why'd you say that?"
"I think that was Vegeta. You know Vegeta, you should emote after starting 
to
talk in a conversation, like this." Carl said quickly
"Okay then, just start the fic!" Vegeta said angrily
"But we need a 4th MSTer!" Katy said.
"Okay, choose someone! Anyone!" said Carl.
"Okay, I choose..." Katy was cut off in mid sentence by Carl's head spinning
around slowly, and then his eyes turning red
"Uh oh!" Vegeta and Katy said. Carl then pulled a remote control out of his
pocket and pressed a big red button, suddenly the world around them 
shimmered
and dissapeared replacing it was a large room with green carpet and 
expensive
furniture.  Down a hall was a kitchen and some teleporters and at the front 
of
the room was another teleporter with a sign above it with the word 'Bridge' 
on
it. And instead of a ceiling, there was a glass roof with a view of outer
space.
"Okay Carl, where the hell are we now?" Katy said angrily
A voice over the speakers in the corners of the room said "Welcome aboard 
the
H.M.S. Hades Void, your new spaceship! The fanfic will be starting soon, so
finish whatever your doing and head to the main room! Thank you!"
"Well who were you gonna choose then Katy?" said Carl who was back to normal
"WHY DID YOU PUT US ON A SPACESHIP!  I THOUGHT YOU SAID WE WEREN'T GETTING
ONE!" shouted Katy
"Well, I decided to visit the Tenchi Muyo universe, but Washu-chan put me 
under
mind control, and making me use this ship she made." Carl replied
"Well I guess that makes sense." said Katy "I choose My friend, Libby!"
"Fine, whatever." Said Carl as he pressed some buttons on what looked like a
pocket calculator, and Libby teleported in. "Whoa! Where am I? Oh, Hi Katy! 
What
are you doing here?" said Libby
"Would you belive we're here to MST Tenchi Muyo fanfics?" said Katy
"Well alright the... WHA?  WHO THE HELL... You're the Veggie dude from 
Dragon
ball Z aren't you?" said Libby eyeing Vegeta curiusly.
"Yes and my name is Vegeta." Vegeta growled
"I teleported him here, he helped us with our first MST and is helping with 
the
one starting about... now!" replied Carl as a door appeared in front of them 
and
sirens started blaring.
"I THINK I SHOULD TURN DOWN THE VOLUME ON THOSE THINGS!" Carl shouted as 
they
all ran into the door to the theatre.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

geosword@usa.net (Brian Navy)

Carl: DIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
Katy: * Closes eyes and moans *
Libby and Vegeta: What the...

A VERY TENCHI CHRISTMAS

Katy: Holy mother of stew.
Carl: WHAT?
Katy: Holy mother of stew. You gotta problem with that?
Everyone else: YES
Katy: Fine, be that way.

Written by Brian Navy (geosword@usa.net)
Copyright (c) 1997
All characters are Copyright to their creators.  You know who you are!

Vegeta: Like the creators would read this ****
Libby: Hey we're being ******* censored.

A NOTE FROM THE AUTHOR:  Perhaps my most loved series of all, Tenchi
Muyo has made me laugh to death and cry when it counted.

All: "cough" SAD "cough"

The
characters are beautiful people that I have come to love like a
family.

Libby: ewwww incest
Carl: * Shudders * Just be glad this ain't no lemon
Katy: if it were I'd be in desperate need of Lemon-aid * Laughs but everyone
else just looks at her weird *
Carl: Vegeta
Vegeta: sure *fires a Gallic Gun blast at Katy *
Katy: * Black and extra crispy * Owwie

  They have helped me get through some rough times in my own
life and so I have written this fan fiction for Tenchi and the rest of
his wacked out group of space girls

Katy: * sitting in her seat but still a bit crunchy * If ya wanna be my 
Tenchi!
Carl: And I thought I was the only one who was gonna do that.

and family members.  I know the
season is off (I had planned to release during Christmas of 1996 BUT
those ROUGH times in my life I mentioned sprung up, but Tenchi was
there to help me through it.

Vegeta: He suddenly appeared at his door and gave him a hug.

     This 4 part fanfic is based in the TV series universe and occurs
during the Christmas following the movie; Tenchi Muyo in Love.  I hope
you enjoy it as much as I did writing it.  I had a really hard time
writing the ending of this story.  It's hard to type when your eyes
are tear filled.

All: Oh My God! * Look at readers * Help us!!!
Carl: Maybe I could ask Washu to let us out...
Washu (from control booth): Not a chance, bub!  And that's LITTLE Washu!
All: * Anime sweatdrop * uhh...
Katy: How'd she get here?
Carl: When she put me under mind control, she made me let her be the
projectionist.
* all roll eyes *
Washu: I saw that!
All: Sorry Washu
Washu: Ahem!
All: Sorry LITTLE Washu

  I hope I can get some emotion out of you too.  Thank
you for reading.

Katy: Thank you for writing... NOT
Libby: Is it finished? Usually people leave that to the end?
Vegeta: We'd never be that lucky.
Katy and Libby: Awww poo
Please send me E-mail regarding this work.  Let me
know if I did okay or if I should hang up my word processor.

Vegeta: Do it now.
Katy: Yes Please!
Libby Go on, stop now, stop now
All Chanting: Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop!

PART ONE:  THE GATHERING

Carl: Isn't that a video game?
* all except Carl shrug and look blank *

     Tenchi sat the box down on the coffee table and wiped his brow.
That was box number six.  All done.  Well, at least with getting the
stuff down from the attic.  The real work was to begin soon.

Katy: Is this a Lemon?
Vegeta: Don't think so. I hope not anyway.

Where
was Nobuyuki?

Katy: * squeals in pain * Lord NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Libby: Lemons is where people have sex right? * all nodd * I hope this aint 
one
eeew, incest.
Carl: It isn't a lemon
All: Phew

<He was suppose to help me!>

Katy: And I suppose he supposed that he wasent SUPPOSED to help. Get a
dictionary for god's sake!

Tenchi grumbled.
Upstairs, Nobuyuki snored loudly from the safety of his bed.

Carl: The supposed safety, at any minute a woman or, god forbid, a man could
enter and start ******* his brains out.
Katy: You just told us this wasn't a lemon, please say your joking, YOU'RE
JOKING RIGHT, TELL ME YOU'RE JOKING.
Carl: I'm joking, and don't do that dumb lemon-aid joke again.  Knock Knock.
Katy: There one good thing bout this. Who's there?
Carl: Orange.
Katy: Yes I am glad this isn't a lemon. * smiles sweetly *
Carl: YOU RUINED MY JOKE!
Katy: I belive you're right. * Katy and Libby laugh *

     Tenchi suddenly felt the sensation of someone rubbing his chest
but there was no one there.

Katy: The Ghost Molesters are back.
Carl: I don't think I wanna know.
Libby and Vegeta: Me neither.

Tenchi knew however that there was.
Ryoko materialized behind him, her arms slid under his and around to
his chest where her hands were playfully exploring.
     "Good morning Tenchi." The gray hair beauty said in a singing
voice.  She noticed the boxes littering the floor.  "Watcha up to?"
     "Today's the day we get the tree and decorate the house." Tenchi
said.
     Ryoko floated around to Tenchi's front, never quite letting her
hold on him go.  "Tree?  Decorate?  For what?"

Katy(Tenchi): I don't know, we're all Japanese, we live at a Japanese 
shrine, we
follow the Japanese religion. Why are we celebrating Christmas?
Vegeta: Plot hole.
Carl: I betcha that's where they got the attic too, it just turned up in the
plot hole.

     "It's Christmas time."
Libby (singing): Mistletoe and wine.
Katy and Libby (singing): Something, something, Christmas time!
Carl: * Runs over to the door but hits his head trying to escape * You two 
are
REALY scaring me!

He said opening up the box on the table.
     Ryoko peered into it curiously with her catlike yellow eyes.  She
pulled out a white box with a clear front.  Inside, various colored
orbs rested with hooks on the ends of them.
     "I don't get it.  What is all this junk?"

Vegeta (Ryoko): You cant buy this **** in Japan.

     "Ornaments for the Christmas tree."
     "Christmas tree?" she said, opening up the box and pulling one of
the brightly colored balls out.

Carl:* laughs * someone with a mallet caught Noboyuki peeping at them in the
shower.
* Vegeta crosses his legs and cringes, Libby and Katy laugh *
Vegeta: Women are vicious.
Katy and Libby: We know * Laugh again *

  Her reflection in it's shiny surface

Carl: She shaved and polished them too!

was distorted from the concave effect, her left eye much larger than
the right.
     "Yes.  You get a pine tree and decorate it with lights, garland
and ornaments.  It's an American tradition but we celebrate it too."

Vegeta(Tenchi): The question why, springs to mind. The Answer is...
All: PLOT HOLE!

     "I still don't get it."

All: Neither do we.

     Ryoko let go of the fragile ball and it smashed on the table's
edge.

Katy and Libby: * giggling * Owwie
* Vegeta and Carl both cross legs and cringe *
Vegeta: Don't let them near anything sharp or heavy.
Libby: Oh we can hurt you more without any implements of torture * she winks 
at
Katy *
Katy and Libby: GRAB * hold their arms out and clench fist * TWIST * 
Turntheir
hands over and pull them towards themselves * AND PULL
* Carl squeals and Vegeta looks worried *

  "Oops."  Ryoko smiled innocent
  "RYOKO!!!" Tenchi scowled.
     "What a hideous word to hear first thing in the morning." Came a
proper sounding voice from behind.

Carl: It's the Queen of England
Vegeta: That could happen, she probably climbed out of the plot hole.

  Ryoko's eyes narrowed and she spun

Katy(Ryoko): Like my new dress your majesty
Carl: * Ignores what Katy said * around on her head really, really fast 
breaking
her neck!
Vegeta: What's with the Queen thing?
Katy: * speaking as to a small child * We're English we have a reigning 
monarch
called a QUEEN!
Vegeta: You're English?
Carl: * sarcastic * No we just speak with and English accent for fun.

around to face the long purple hair woman standing in the entryway,
still dressed in her sleeping robes.
     "Oh look.  It's the walking grape princess." Ryoko grinned.

Libby: It's Ryoko, the Queen of all insults.
Katy: * rolling on the floor with laughter * That's almost as bad as Nadine.
* everyone looks at her weird * Private joke.

     "Are you making fun of me!?" Aeka growled.

Vegeta(Ryoko): Yes but I'm doing it very badly.

     "I don't have to do that at all little princess.  There's no real
challenge in it." Ryoko's grin widened.
     "Why you little-"

Libby: **********
Katy: ******
Carl: *** ****
Vegeta: ********* ******* **********************
Everyone else: Wow!


Aeka started to shout out.
     "You two cut it out!  Not this early!  I have work to do." Tenchi
interrupted with a sigh.
     Aeka simmered down and noticed all the boxes.  "What are you
doing Lord Tenchi?"
     "Getting ready to decorate the house up for Christmas then me and
dad have to go get the Christmas tree."
     "Oh yes.  Christmas.  I know of this Earth holiday.  We have a
similar one on Jurai.  It is the exchanging of gifts between loved
ones, right?" Aeka said, sitting down on the couch next to Tenchi.
Ryoko floated over to the other side and sat down as well.
     "Well that's part of it."
     "Lord Tenchi, I would love to assist you in the decorating of the
family house and tree!" Aeka said enthusiastically.
     <Oh no you don't little princess!> Ryoko thought, her eyes
narrowing.
     "I'll help too Tenchi!" Ryoko said, trying to match Aeka's
enthusiasm.  Tenchi cringed slightly at Ryoko's offer.  He couldn't
say no to either.  Somehow he knew he was going to be doomed to a day
of disaster.  If he was lucky, the house would be left standing at the
end of the day.

     "I don't understand why we are putting lights on the roof dad."
Tenchi said, lifting the box of lights up on to the roof that his dad
was holding while on the ladder.
     "Well son, it's simple, if we get visited by more pretty space
girls I want them to see where to land." Nobuyuki laughed at his joke,
climbing on to the roof.
     "I don't think they have any trouble finding this place anyway
son." Youshou

Carl: WTH?
Katy(to author): You did this last time!
Carl: Who the hell is he?
Katy(to author): Good, now you better stop that!

said, climbing on to the roof next.
     "That's true!  My boy Tenchi just has that natural Masaki charm
that attracts women like magnets.

Vegeta: That's never happened to either Noboyuki or Yosho

  Right son!?" Nobuyuki laughed,
nudging his son.  Tenchi grumbled.
     Nobuyuki handed Tenchi and Youshou each a staple gun.

Katy: * as commentator * Welcome to the national nut stapeling compotition.
Libby: * as commontator * I'd be hard to beat last years record of 236 
staples
in the srotom set by Noboyuki last year.
Katy: But he's back again this year trying to break that record and his 
bought
his Father and Son with him too.
Libby: Impressive.
Carl: THAT'S IT! * He explodes and then goes back together* Damn!
Vegeta: My thoughts exactly

     "Okay.  We have to get creative here.  I want people in orbit to
see this house!  Now, what to design..." he trailed off in thought.
     "Can't we just, you know, push him off the roof?" Tenchi
whispered to his grandfather.

All: DO IT! DO IT!

     "You could but it wouldn't stop him." Youshou whispered back.
All: YEAH RIGHt.
Katy: Super Noboyuki to the rescue

     "I've got it!  We'll design a Christmas mosaic of lights!

Vegeta: He means he'll just criss cross the lights over the roof and see 
what
happens.

  A snow
man here standing next to a tree there.  Santa Clause riding his slay
above it all!" Tenchi's dad said, pointing to the locations.  "Let's
get started!!!"

     "Exactly what are we doing again?" Ryoko said, tangled in several
strands of lights.
     Aeka and Sasami sat across the room with their own lights neatly
laid out on the floor.
     "We're checking for burnt out lights." Sasami said cheerfully.
     "You should know about burnt out has beens Ryoko." Aeka chuckled.
Ryoko glared, thinking up another use for the strands but she knew
murdering Aeka would be bad for her relationship with Tenchi.
     From the corner of the couch the head of what was a cat... a
rabbit...  both, stuck out curiously.  The large cute yellow eyes
peered at something on the floor nearby.  The half rabbit, half cat
creature hopped over to a blue Christmas ornate ball cautiously.
After several tense seconds of no motion the cabbit batted at the
ball.  It rolled.  The creature "meowed" in a questioning tone.  The
cute animal hopped over to the ball and batted it again.

Katy: Ryo-Ohki bought the "Bed Snake Bat!"
Libby: D'ya think she bought the furry handcuffs aswell?
Carl: I don't know, and I don't wanna find out!

Again, the
blue ball rolled.
     "MEOW!" the cabbit said happily, having found a new toy to play
with.
     She hopped over and batted the ball around, chasing it where ever
it tried to escape.
     "Way to go Ryo-oh-ki!" Sasami giggled, her pink eyes watching the
cabbit with amusement.
     At one point the ball got the better of the cabbit, rolling
underneath the big hind feet.  Ryo-oh-ki tried to watch it and ended
up falling over.  Sasami giggled at the cabbit's antics.  Aeka smiled.
     "OH!  These damn lights are driving me crazy!" Ryoko growled.  "I
know how to check them out real quick!"
     Ryoko grabbed the plug ends of all the strands.
     "WATCH THIS!" she said with a grin.
     The red gem on her right wrist glowed brightly as she sent a
surge of energy through the strands.  All at once the lights glowed
with a bright light and all at once they exploded.  When it was done
Ryoko sat tangled even worse, black soot marks on her face and
brightly colored clothes.  Sasami let out a giggle and Aeka out
right laughed.
     "I liked that Ryoko!  Do it again!" Aeka teased.
     "Shut up!" Ryoko growled, trying again in vein

Vegeta: Yes Ryoko had shrunk to the size of a blood cell and was now 
coursing
through Aekas veins.

to untangle
herself.
     "There!  All my lights work!"

Vegeta: The lights are on but nobodys home.

Sasami smiled happily.
     "Very good Sasami." Aeka said, plugging her strands into the
power strip.  All the lights lit up except one.  "Oh.  Looks like I
have a burnt out one.  I'll just replace it."
     Aeka fished out a new bulb and took out the bad one.  She screwed
in the new one and it lit up.  However, all the other lights on the
strand went out.
     "That's odd." She frowned.  Aeka unscrewed the bulb and the
others came back on.  "Perhaps it's a bad one."
     She grabbed a different new bulb and screwed it in.  It lit up
but every other bulb on the strand started blinking.
     "That's not right either."
     Fifteen minutes later Aeka's frustrated screaming voice echoed
through the house.  "I've had it with these stupid lights!!!  They are
evil!

Carl: EVIIIIIIIL!

  You probably made them Ryoko!"
     Ryoko cackled in the background.  "Incompetence just runs in the
family I guess!"
     "You are just as bad you freak!" Aeka glared.
     "You take that back!"
     "The truth hurts doesn't it Ryoko!?"
     "Why you stuck up---!"

Carl: Finger!
Katy: *****
Libby: *********
Vegeta: ************** ***************
Everyone else: Wow!
Cabbit: Miya!
Carl: Language!

     "Come on!"
     "Gladly!!!"

     Washuu's green eyes scanned the holoscreen readouts with
interest.

Vegeta: As a difference to her usual blank stupid look

  She picked up her crab decorated cup and sipped the tea
inside still focusing on the screen.  With a free hand she typed on
her keypad and the data on the screen changed.
     "I think I can do it with no problem." She smiled.
     Punching a few more keys she brought up more strange diagrams and
data.
     "My present to you three will be the best you will ever receive.
I swear it."
     Two small Washuu puppets appeared on her shoulders.  The one on
her left shoulder had a red letter A on it's chest while the other had
a B.
     "You're a genius Washuu!" Washuu A said.
     "You're the greatest Washuu!" Washuu B cheered.

Carl( C ): You're Sadistic Washu
Vegeta, Carl, Katy and Libby(A,B, C and D): Washu, Washu You're an ass , If 
you
cant do it... GREAT
Carl(D): Get a haircut Washu!
Washu: That's it I've just destroyed the transporters that were going to 
take
you all home!
* all scream *
Carl: DIEEEEEEEEEE! * Somehow makes a Galaxy Police blaster appear and 
shoots
at Washu*
Washu: * Tapping on glass of projection room * Re-enforced glass, designed 
it
myself tee hee.
Vegeta: Damn

     Washuu nodded.  "It's so true!" She said, tapping a few more
buttons.  The screen flickered out of existence.  "Time to get
started."

     Tenchi stood next to Youshou

Katy: what the hell is yo shoe doin there Carl

gazing down at the roof.  Nobuyuki
stood up next to them with a satisfying smile.
     "There!  All done." He said proudly.
     Tenchi looked at the design his dad had constructed out of
lights.  He looked again, harder, rubbing the back of his head.
     "It's... great... dad." Tenchi said.
     "It's lame actually." Youshou commented.

Vegeta: Yeah because Yosho's always calling things "lame"
Libby: I thought we'd agreed that this was Carl's shoe?
Carl: At least Youshoe isn't calling it "Llama"
Katy: * Hits Carl * Grow a brain!

     "What do you mean dad?  It looks just how I pictured it."
Nobuyuki said, studying his handy work.
     The snowman next to the tree looked more like a snowman tree,
Picasso style.  Santa Clause had made a crash landing through both the
tree and the snowman.
     "Then you pictured a jumble of lights all mixed together?"
Youshou smirked.
     "Well... It has a few problems in the design but not bad for an
amateur designer."
     "Architect you are, lighting technician you are not." Youshou
patted Nobuyuki on the shoulder.
     "Hello?  Is anyone home?" came a voice from below.
     Tenchi left his father and grand dad to discuss the intricacies
of light designs to look over the edge of the roof.  Below stood a
very attractive blonde with dark brown skin and pretty light blue
eyes.

Katy: I've arrived
Vegeta: Since when was Mihoshi atractive

Her ears were slightly longer than a normal persons.  The woman
next to her was just as pretty with long greenish hair and blue eyes
as well.  Her skin was much lighter.

Katy: * grinning * Carl's with me.
Carl: HEY!

     "Up here guys." Tenchi called down.
     Mihoshi and Kiyone looked up, Mihoshi waving happily.
     "Hello!  What are you doing up there Tenchi?" she asked.
     "We're decorating the roof with Christmas lights."
     "Wow! Neat!" Mihoshi smiled.
     "Go on inside.  I'll be down in a moment." Tenchi said.
     Mihoshi and Kiyone made their way into the house and were met by
Aeka and Ryoko tangled together on the floor in strands of broken
lights.  Both were soot covered, their clothes torn in places, hair
sticking up in a wild mess.
     "Are you two fighting again?" Mihoshi asked with a smile.

Katy: * sarcastically * No we're just trying the punk look for a change.

     "No!  We're playing!  Get us out of this stupid mess!" Ryoko
yelled.
     "How did you wind up like this anyway?" Kiyone asked, trying to
help them out of the tangled web.
     "It's all Ryoko's fault!" Aeka accused quickly.
     "My fault!?  It's your fault!" Ryoko accused back.
     After a moment Mihoshi and Kiyone managed to get the two
untangled.  At that moment Sasami entered the room holding a tray with
a pitcher and three glasses on it.

Vegeta: * sarcastically * Don't you just love stereotyping?
Carl: Hey just be thankful she's in charicter.
Katy(to Libby): I wouldn't have put up with that when I was 8
Libby(to Katy): I was still running round screaming like an idiot when I was 
8
Katy(to Libby): You still do that.
Libby: Oh yeah

     "Break time!  Oh!  Mihoshi!  Kiyone!  Hello!  When did you get
here?" Sasami asked, setting the tray down.
     "We just got here." Kiyone replied.
     "Would you like some tea?" Sasami asked, pouring some of the
refreshing drink into the three glasses.
     "That would be wonderful." Mihoshi smiled and sat down.
     "Sure." Kiyone sat too.
     Sasami bowed and ran back to the kitchen while Aeka and Ryoko got
up off the floor, glaring at each other.  Aeka regained some of her
composure.
     "I have to go change my clothes." she growled, spinning about and
storming up the stairs.
     "Don't hurry back." Ryoko mumbled under her breath, brushing her
hair back with her hands.
     The front door opened and Tenchi walked in, closing the door
behind himself.  He waved with a smile as he entered the room.
     "How's everyone doing in here?"
     Ryoko was instantly latched to Tenchi, snuggling into him.
Tenchi grumbled and tried to pull himself free without success.
     "Aeka blew up all the lights, Tenchi.  She's so clumsy and
dangerous." Ryoko said, snuggling in closer, smearing some black soot
on Tenchi's face.
     "What did you get me for this Christmas Tenchi?" Ryoko cooed.
     "I'm not telling!  So don't ask!" Tenchi said.
     "We were just in the neighborhood, thought we'd drop by.  It's
been a few weeks.  We've really be busy at our part time job." Kiyone
said.
     Sasami returned with three more glasses.  "I thought I heard you
come in Tenchi.  I'll make you a glass of tea." She said, quickly
filling those three glasses.  She passed out the full glasses to
everyone in the room then took a sip.  Tenchi took a long drink of
his.
     "This is good tea Sasami." Tenchi smiled.
     "Thanks."
     "Meow?"
     Ryo-oh-ki leapt up on Sasami's shoulder and peered at her drink.
She sniffed above the glass.
     "It's tea.  Want some?" Sasami smiled at the cabbit.

Vegeta: Ryo-ohki's never seen tea before? That's out of charicter, they dink 
it
like water in that house.

     "Meow." She replied.
     Sasami brought the glass up so the cabbit could get at it.  She
tipped it slightly bringing the tea to the rim.  Ryo-oh-ki lapped at
the liquid a few times and meowed in approval.  Sasami giggled then
took another drink from her glass.
     "I am glad you two came by.  It saves me the trouble of having to
call you.  We are going to be having a party here and you two are
invited.  You can make it I hope?" Tenchi said, sitting down on the
couch with them.
     "Really!?  Thanks!" Mihoshi cheered.
     "We will try our best." Kiyone smiled.
     "A party?" Aeka said from the stairs.  Her hair was back in
place, her face clean and pretty again.

* Carl bursts out laughing and everyone looks at him very strangely, he 
stops
laughing *
Carl: What? It said Aeka was pretty!

     "Yeah.  On Christmas Eve, the 24th."
     "All right!  Party!" Ryoko cheered.  "Going to have sake!?"
     "You don't drink sake.  You drink eggnog."

Katy: POO!
Vegeta: What now?
Katy: I severly doubt you can get eggnogg in Japan, you can't buy it in 
England.
I have to make my own!
Libby: What's eggnogg?
Katy: You'll see in three months don't worry.

     "Eggnog?  What kind of a weird drink is that?" Ryoko said,
snuggling Tenchi again.

Libby: Yeah!

     "You'll find out." Tenchi said, trying to scoot away.

Libby: Does eveyone say that?
Katy: It's hard to describe.
Carl: I know how, one word, disgusting.

     Aeka's left eye twitched slightly and a second later she forced
herself into a sitting position between Tenchi and Ryoko.  Ryoko
glared at her but Aeka just ignored her.
     "Lord Tenchi, we tested the lights.  They worked, up until Ryoko
got a hold of them."
     "HEY!"
     "We'll just buy new ones.  Dad and I have to go into town

Vegeta: Town? What town?

to get
the tree anyway." Tenchi said, defusing the situation before it had a
chance to get ugly.
     "Can I go with you into town Tenchi?  I want to buy your
Christmas present." Aeka asked, leaning against him.
     "Sure."
     "Me too!  Me too!  I want to pick up your present as well!" Ryoko
said, having suddenly appeared on Tenchi's other side, leaning on him.
     "We'll all go into town."
     "Yippee!" Sasami shouted.

     The group huddled together on the street corner.
     "All right.  It's 2 o'clock.  Let's meet back here in two hours.
Okay?" Tenchi said.
     Everyone nodded then split up.  Tenchi and Nobuyuki headed for a
Christmas supply store

Vegeta: Well isn't that handy a Christmas Supply Store in Japan and just a 
few
steps from the house.

to buy some more lights and a tree while
everyone else headed off in other directions to find presents.

     Ryoko walked down the crowded street, looking at the signs above
the various shops she was passing.  Nothing looked like a good idea so
far then she noticed a little shop stuck between two larger ones.
     "Koki's Art and Photos.  Hmmm." Ryoko said, reading the sign.
She smiled to herself as a thought crossed her mind.  "What better
present than myself?"

Carl: * drooling * Nothing!
Katy, Vegeta and Libby: Anything!

she giggled and headed into the shop.

                        *          *          *

All: Stars?

     "What to get?  It must be something special.  My Tenchi deserves
the best." Aeka said to herself as she walked along the street looking
at the multitude of shops.  One sign suddenly caught her eye.
"Yakoto's Custom Shirt Shop."
     Aeka smiled.  "Perfect!"  She entered the shop.

Katy: Nothing says I love you like a Customised Shirt


                        *          *          *

All: STARS!

     "I don't know what to get him.  What should I get him?  I really
don't know." Mihoshi said, gazing in the window of the shop Kiyone and
her were standing in front of.  It was a thrift shop, full of odds and
ends, A to Z.

Libby: Tee hee, they're poor!

     "Don't ask me.  You know him better than I do.  What does he
like?" Kiyone asked with a shrug.

Vegeta: He likes Rakes!
Katy: an hoes!
Carl: * drooling * I wanna hoe
Libby(to carl): You disgust me

     "I don't know." Mihoshi frowned.
     "Well I'm sure we can come up with something.  Let's go in here."
     "Okay."

                        *          *          *

     Sasami peered at the item sitting in the window.  "Wow!  I bet
Tenchi would love that!" she said.  It was a purple crystal sculpture
of a unicorn rearing up on it's hind legs.

Libby: Tenchi's a POOF
Everyone else: We know!

  Ryo-oh-ki meowed in
approval.  Sasami snuggled the cabbit then ran into the store.

                        *          *          *

     Tenchi stared in disbelief at the tree his father was suggesting.
It was a pretty tree, full and trimmed into a perfect triangle.
However, it stood 18 feet tall.
     "It will never fit dad.  Let's get a shorter one." Tenchi said.
     "But this one is the prettiest in the lot.  It will fit.  We just
have to trim it a bit."
     "Yeah, by four feet."

Carl: How will he hold the shears in his toes?


     "Show some optimism son!" Nobuyuki said to Tenchi then turned to
the attendant.  "We'll take this one.  Can you have it delivered to
this address?"
     "Not a problem sir." The attendant bowed.

     Two hours passed and the group gathered at the same street
corner, each with shopping bags slung over their shoulders.

Katy: That's a new way to carry shopping bags.
Libby: We'll have to try that
Vegeta: If you ever get off this stinking ship

The
shopping done, they all headed for home and each headed to their rooms
with their secret gifts to begin wrapping.

Vegeta: Don't Ryoko, Sasami and Aeka share a room?


Washu: Well that's the end of part one everyone out

* all scramble to exit theatre Washu is standing in another room and becons
them in*

Washu: what did you think.
Katy: My brain is numb
Vegeta: What you'res is still there mine ran away about halfway through that
monstrosity.
Libby: I hated that, it was so awful.
Carl: Golly, that was so.. so.. so bad I cant find the words.
Washu: wait till you see what I cooked up while you were watching.

* she leads them to two rooms across the corridor from each other one with a
big silver "G" on it the other with a "B" *
Washu: take a look
* Katy opens the door with the "G" on it and gasps, the room is all gold and
red with two huge 4 poster beds and lit by candles *
Katy: It's beautiful Washu thanks. Is that a bathroom? * she runs into the 
room
and you hear a squeal of joy followed by the slamming of a door and a minute
later a splash *
Washu: Theres a whole other bathroom for you Libby * Libby dashes into the 
room
*
Washu that one's yours lads. Enjoy * she walks of and Carl and Vegeta open 
the
door the room is grey and dirty with two camp beds and one tiny smelly
bathroom. Their screams on anger can be heard throughout the ship as they 
chase
after Washu*



That's it the second MST, by the new passengers of the H.M.S. Hades Void
Any criticise what so-ever can be sent to missy_k_4eva@hotmail.com. Ta 
Muchly
Luv Katy, and Libby buh bye

Bye from Carl! But before you go, CAN YOU GET ME OFF THIS DARN SHIP?!?!?!

