"Clash of the Concubines!"
by OniFactor

DISCLAIMER: "Any and all Tenchi and Tenchi-related characters and material
are official property of Pioneer, NOT me!  Do not sue me, I am deep enough
in trouble as it is!  Oh, by the way, there is explicit profanity, so you
have been fucking warned, plus this is a juicy LEMON, so all you little
hentai monsters out there rejoice!"

    A quiet, peaceful morning in the Misaki Family Residence, until-
    "Fuck you!" Ryoko growled, assuming her fighter's stance.
    "Same to you!" Aeka retorted, summoning her magic powers.
    "Here we go again..." Sasami sighed as she helped evacuate the area of
innocent bystanders, namely an absent-minded Mihoshi.
    "I have tolerated your immoral methods far too long!" Aeka said
matter-of-factly with the extreme haughtiness of most supreme princesses,
"Trying to rape Lord Tenchi has called for desperate measures!  Prepare for
death, you demonic whore!"
    "Listen here, you uptight little bitch!" Ryoko snarled, waves of energy
converging into the palms of her hands, "I am Ryoko, and I can fuck whoever
I want, whenever I want, wherever I want, so just piss off!"
    With that Ryoko launched a beam of raw energy at Aeka, who was well
prepared for her move.  The magic shield of Jurai energy surrounded Aeka,
deflecting Ryoko's laser shots.
    "You bitch, thinking you're all so safe in your damn shield," Ryoko
spat, this time multiplying the amount of power in her energy blast by 10!
    "EAT THIS!!!"
    An enormous shaft of crimson light raged towared Aeka, who merely
snapped her fingers, summoning her two most trusted guardians, Hazaka and
Kamadaki.
    "Initiate energy absorption mode!" Aeka calmly commanded, as the two
guardian logs shifted their plates of armor, revealing a plethora of
shimmering gem-like spheres.  Ryoko's super attack was sucked into the gems
quickly, nullifying the entire energy blast.
    "I'd say your prayers right about now," Aeka grinned, "Initiate energy
absorption countermeasure mode!"
    Hazaka and Kamadaki suddenly began to glow, or rather, the gem-like
objects that had sucked up all the energy did.
    "Malfunction!" the guardians said, "Excess energy level has surpassed
designated tolerance levels, emergency evident!  Malfunction!  Malfun-"
    Suddenly they exploded, filling the whole house up with smoke.
    "Ryoko!" Aeka coughed, "You... you destroyed my Hazaka and Kamadaki!
Those were Jurai Class SS Royal Guardian models, and they cost a fucking
fortune!!"
    "Well, well," Ryoko grinned, "I guess you're not so tough after all
without those wooden toys hanging around with you!"
    "FUCK IT!!" Aeka screamed, and ran into her room.

    Later that evening, after dinner...
    "That stupid, stupid bitch Ryoko," Aeka growled, her fingers gliding
across the keyboard.  She heard the distinct sound of her computer
connecting on-line, that electronic buzzing noise.
    "Finally!" Aeka said, and started typing in a website address.
    "Let's see... www.ebay.com..." Aeka smiled, clicking the 'Enter' button,
"Search... 'royal equipment'..."
    Aeka's eyes widened as she saw the number of active auctions under
'royal equipment'... over 10,000!  She clicked down the page, checking out
the auctions, looking desperately for a new Hazaka and Kamadaki to replace
her destroyed ones.
    After about an hour of unsuccessful searching, Aeka just about gave up,
and then a wicked little idea entered her head.
    "Search... 'erotic equipment'..." Aeka's slightly trembling finger hit
the 'Enter' button as she nervously awaited the results.
   A whole list of assorted sexual gadgets appeared on the screen, and then
Aeka felt a little naughty.
    "Let's see... new strap-on set... currently $50... buy it now or
auction?" Aeka clicked on 'buy it now', went through all the legal crap, and
returned to the main screen.
    For the next few hours Aeka was burning her credit card, which held
quite an exorbitant amount of money in it, purchasing and auctioning (and
winning) dozens and dozens of strange sex appliances, from $20 dildos to
$5,000 ultra-realistic girlfriend dolls that you can fuck.  By the time Aeka
was finished, she had spent over $25,000's worth of naughty props.

    Some business weeks later...
    The doorbell rang, and Sasami cheerfully answered it.
    "Misaki Family Residence, how may I help you?" Sasami smiled happily.
    "Special delivery for a Miss Aeka," the tall, muscular man with a
'Dave's Delivery' jacket grunted.  Aeka heard the commotion and rushed
downstairs.
    "Thank you Sasami, I'll take it from here!" Aeka said nervously.
    "Okay!" Sasami smiled as she trotted back to the kitchen to finish her
new batch of cookies.
    The delivery guy grinned.
    "So you're the infamous 'super whore' everybody's been talking about,
huh?" he chuckled.
    "Wh... what?!" Aeka stammered, shocked by this man's extremely rude
bluntness.
    "Yeah..." he whistled, "I'd never heard of somebody buying so many
'toys' in my whole life!  Over $25,000!  That's more than what I make in a
year!"
    "Uh... I... well..." Aeka mumbled, wondering if she should run away or
kill this dick.
    "Well, well, well," an all-too-familiar and hateful voice whispered,
"The perfect princess has a dark side after all!"
    "Ryoko!" Aeka gasped, anger boiling in her body.
    Ryoko appeared out of thin air, hovering above Aeka with a frighteningly
wide grin.
    "The hell?" the delivery guy said, a little bewildered at the floating
woman.
    "Ryoko you sneaky little bitch!" Aeka hissed, "You better not so much as
breathe a word about this to anyone, or else I'll-"
    "You'll what," Ryoko said, her grin as lecherous as ever, "You fuck me
with one of those dildos or something?"
    "Why you-" Aeka was cut off by the delivery guy's laughing.
    "Wot a coupla sluts!" he howled, climbing into his truck, "You two
oughta be on Jerry Springer!  You must be the biggest fucking whores in
Japan!!"
    "Who the hell is Jerry Springer?" Aeka said.
    "FUCK YOU!!" Ryoko screamed, hurling a bolt of electrical energy at the
trunks, leaving nothing more but a crater.  The pain-in-ass delivery guy was
now in the next dimension, wherever the hell that is.
    "So..." Ryoko giggled, "Mind sharing your mother lode with me?  It's
been a while since I've used those things..."
    "Uh... well... er..." Aeka was dumbstruck at Ryoko's confession.  She
knew she was a slut, but not a super slut!

    Midnight...
    "H-holy shit, hooollllyyyyy shit!!" Aeka gasped as she bent over, her
hands and legs tied to the four bedpost corners of her futon with chains.
She was naked, save the tight black leather bands with silver spikes around
neck, tits, and ass.  Ryoko, donning a black leather mask and pantyhose, was
holding a big throbbing vibrator, shoving it up Aeka's asshole.
    "You like that, don't you?" Ryoko grinned, pushing the vibrator deeper
into Aeka's ass, "You like the big, mighty throbbing!  It rages within you,
don't try to resist it!"
    Aeka just screamed, her anal passage was naturally very thin, she
couldn't even get her pinky finger up there (not that she had tried, I
guess), but somehow Ryoko had managed to shove a giant cucumber-sized
vibrating dildo up there!
    "Shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit..." Aeka moaned, her ass aching with pain and
pleasure as Ryoko pushed it down harder and harder.
    "Whoa," Ryoko grinned, "I've pushed it as far as it can go now.  Let's
wait for you to loosen up in there before we continue.  Now, what to do as
we wait?"
    Ryoko picked up some pins as a perverse grin stretching across her face.

    "Ryoko," Aeka whimpered, "What are you doing?  What are you-SHIT!!"
    Ryoko has pierced each of Aeka's pink plump nipples with the sharp pins,
causing warm milk to spray out uncontrollably.  Ryoko just licked and sucked
at her heavy tits, while massaging the one she wasn't suckling with her free
hand.
    "More, Ryoko, more!" Aeka commanded, gasping for air, "Suck me fucking
dry!"
    Soon Ryoko was lying on the bed, with a chained-up Aeka with a vibrator
shover up her ass on top of her, smothering her face with her huge
watermelon-sized tits.  Soon Aeka's punctured nipples became sore and just
shot out milk in all directions, soaking Ryoko.
    "Oh, Aeka," Ryoko moaned, feeling her body press against hers, her
massive breasts engulfing her face and drenching her with her milk, "It's so
warm... so wonderful..."
    Aeka smiled, but suddenly felt something funny.
    "Oh fuck..."
    Aeka felt the vibrating dildo stuck halfway up her ass slowly slide
down, her anal passage now loosened up greatly.
    "Got to pull it out, but my hands-" Aeka struggled as her hands and legs
were firmly chained to the four bedposts, and Ryoko couldn't do anything,
buried under her titanic tits.
    "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck..." Aeka winced as she felt her asshole
swallow the dildo whole.  She felt it traveling down her anus, vibrating
like mad.
    "Shit..." Ryoko moaned as she slid off the bed, her whole body soaked
with milk, "Hey, where's the dildo?"  Ryoko then saw Aeka's buttocks
jiggling involuntarily.
    "You didn't..." Ryoko said, trying her best to suppress her laughter.
    Aeka nodded in shame, and Ryoko howled.
    "Sh-shut the fuck up!" Aeka moaned, "Just do something, anything!  Fuck
me now!!"
    Ryoko grinned again and pulled a strange, deflated kind of thing out.
    "Oh yes... the sex doll!" Aeka smiled.  Her smile faded as she saw Ryoko
grin again, this time more devilishly than ever.
    "Wh-what are you going to do?" Aeka whimpered.
    "Just watch me!" Ryoko giggled.
    Aeka let out a long, painful scream as Ryoko violently jammed the
deflated sex doll up Aeka's widened asshole, with only the plastic air hole
sticking out.
    "Oh no... you wouldn't!" Aeka gasped.
    "I would, and I am!" Ryoko laughed as she plugged the air pump into the
little bit of the doll that was sticking out of Aeka's ass.  She then began
to push down hard of the air pump, sending air to the doll insider Aeka's
ass and causing it to inflate a little.
    "Shit!  Shit!  Stop it!  Stop it!" Aeka cried.
    "Jesus, don't worry, Aeka!" Ryoko rolled her eyes, "It's hurts now, but
soon it will feel great, trust me."
    Ryoko then pushed the air pump up and down, up and down, up and down,
causing the doll to inflate and grow bigger.  Aeka just screamed in erotic
paina as she felt the body of girl taking form inside her anus!
    "You-you sick, twisted FUCK!!" Aeka screamed, but a look of horror
appeared on her face as she saw Ryoko pumping the pedal with her foot as she
searched through the big box of pleasure props.
    "Know what these are?" Ryoko whispered menacingly.
    Aeka shook her head, tears streaming down her eyes.
    "These, my little helpless princess, are tweezers, used for gripping
things!" Ryoko grinned viciously as she suddenly grabbed one of Aeka's
pierced nipples with the tweezers, an then pulled harshly.
    "SHIT!" Aeka gasped, the pain and pleasure hitting her immensely as she
felt Ryoko stretching her tit across the bed to the other side of the room.
    "Here, let's do the same with the other," Ryoko smiled, firmly grasping
Aeka's other nipple with the tweezers and yanking her tits violently,
stretching them greatly.
    "STOP!" Aeka moaned.
    "Anything you say, princess," Ryoko grinned, letting go of the
tweezers.  Aeka's huge sloppy tits flew back like a rubberband, slapping her
in the face hard and nearly knocking her out cold.
    "Why... why are you doing this to me?" Aeka cried, her cheeks bruised
where her own huge tits had hit her.
    "Why?" Ryoko laughed, "So it can take your mind off the pain that you're
about to feel in a couple of minutes, that's why!"
    Aeka moaned as Ryoko shoved her hand in her pussy, and pulled something
out...
    "The magic orbs?" Aeka mumbled.
    "Yeah, the source of my power.  I managed to steal all of them off the
Masaki Family eventually, they should know better than to take my strength
away like that in the first place!" Ryoko grinned.
    "So what are you going to do with them now, you fucking bitch?!" Aeka
snarled.
    "Hey now, you're the one who burned over $25,000 on this shit, not me,"
Ryoko said, "And as for these babies, let's just say they'll act as the
grand finale of our little game tonight!"
    Aeka gasped as Ryoko then shoved the three red magic orbs up her ass,
which was already near bulging from everything else stuck inside it.
    "If you thought you hurt then," Ryoko sneered, "Wait until these things
hit ya!  You won't be able to move for a week!"
    "That's it..." Aeka cried, "I've tolerated your little sex games too
long, Ryoko!  It appears that you are so completely interested in shoving
things up my ass, why don't I show you what it feels like?"
    With that Aeka focused all her Jurai magic power and combined it with
the magic orbs, rather than work against them.  She could feel them getting
very warm in her ass, and beginning to glow.
    "Hey, what the hell are you doing?" Ryoko scowled, "That's not a part of
the plan!"
    Suddenly, a stream of crimson energy leapt out of Aeka's asshole and
wrapped around Ryoko's body, completely immobilizing her.
    "Hey!  I... can't... move!  Let me go!" Ryoko cried, struggling to break
free, but to no avail.
    The energy then acted as a vacuum, sucking Ryoko closer and closer to
Aeka's asshole.
    "No!  Wait!  Stop!  Don't do it!  You'll kill us both!" Ryoko yelled.
    "Oh, I'm afraid not," Aeka grinned, "Neither of us will die.  We'll both
live, except you'll be a little... inconvenienced for a while."
    Ryoko screamed as she plunged head-first into Aeka's asshole, the
crimson energy pulling her in with tremendous force.  Aeka did her best to
hold her own while the wild demon woman was strugglin violenlty, but she was
already halfway up her ass by now.  She shivered as she felt Ryoko's legs
kicking desperately, sliding into her asshole.  Muffled cries could be heard
faintly in Aeka's huge ass.
     "Come on... just a little bit more..." Aeka winced as the last of
Ryoko's body was swallowed up by her asshole, trapping her inside.
    "Damn, you don't know when to quit..." Aeka smiled as she felt Ryoko
pounding away inside her, stuck in the position she had forced her into.

    The next day...
    Aeka had gained nearly 100 pounds since last night, mostly in her ass.
She walked around, her huge buttocks bouncing up and down, and a rare
distant cry could be heard.  (Aeka eventually shit out Ryoko and everything
that had been shoved up there after a month or two, and she never went on
the internet again)!

So... Was that extremely fucked-up or what?  I didn't mean it to turn out
that way, but Ryoko kept on being such a bitch I felt that she needed to be
punished somehow (and Aeka gets hardly as much attention as Ryoko today)!
Uh... I'll try to be more... uh, normal in future fanfics... wow, that was
really fucked-up...
