
I consider it a challenge to MST stories I enjoy. Anyone can take a sucky 
story and make fun of it. But when you do it with a good story like this, 
then you have something people will read and enjoy. -----Clayton Overstreet

MSTers
Clayton Overstreet
Ryoko Masaki
Tenchi Masaki
Aeka Jurai
Aisha Clan-Clan
Gene Starwind

Gene: What's Aisha doing here?
Clayton: I needed a girl you wouldn't hit on
Aisha: So what do we do again?
Ryoko: Don't worry, you'll pick it up
Aeka: Sadly that's true
Tenchi: I did this before. It get's kind of fun



A Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-ohki Fanfic

Ryoko: This isn't that 'In the carrot patch' thing is it?
Clayton: No, this guy has taste
Aeka: Not if this is another 'Ryoko gets Tenchi' story
Tenchi: But she did get me
Aeka: Still I can dream

The Ball
By Ryan Anderson

Clayton: (The guy from the Matrix) Hello Mr. Anderson

Disclaimer: I don't own these characters, AIC does. This
is a story written for non-profit, so don't sue, I don't
have any money anyway.

Aisha: So we can't get in trouble for this?
Gene: Well... only if we piss Aeka or Ryoko off
---

Tenchi was walking back from the carrot fields when he
first caught sight of the ship. He stopped for a second,
admiring it. This one was much larger than the Jurai
ships which seemed to appear hovering over his house
almost daily as of late.

Tenchi: One of these days I need to send pictures of those to the newspaper

He had long since stopped being
freaked out by the phenomenon, ever since word had
spread on Jurai where Aeka and Sasami were, messengers
had shown up almost daily, along with suitors for Aeka,
and officials coming to consult with the princesses.

Aeka: My, that was a long sentence
Ryoko: And many commas

All in all, it was just one big pain in the butt. But by
unspoken agreement, they had all decided to keep
Tenchi's true status as heir-apparent from the Jurai
royals, but he still had to act the part of the dutiful
commoner welcoming a noble into his home. Tenchi
couldn't for the life of him figure out how Aeka was
able to put up with the treatment constantly.

Clayton: (As Tenchi) Please stop killing me, I don't know how she does it!

Giving a sigh, Tenchi continued his trek toward the
house. Today was going to be a long day, he had a
feeling.

Gene: (Sings) Feelings, nothing more than feelings...

Idly, he wondered as he walked why in the world
such a large ship had come this time.

Gene: (As E.T.) We come for your women
Tenchi: (Mumbles) You can have them
Ryoko: (Hits him)

He shrugged the
question off though, it was probably just one more
suitor from some far-off world looking to impress Aeka.

Aeka: As if I would go for that

She always refused them, of course, which was making
Tenchi more and more nervous. It was like he was
becoming obligated to marry her just because she'd
refused everyone else in the galaxy.

Aeka: (As Snidely Whiplash) Curses they've discovered my fiendish plot

Well, whatever Aeka thought, he still had quite a wait
before he was ready to get married.

Clayton: Judging by the length of the story he has atleast 12 pages befor he 
needs to choose

It was kind of fun
having all the girls lavish attention on him,

Gene: Lucky bastard

and he
considered them all to be his good friends. Of course,
they were his loud, violent, and overly destructive
friends, but over the past few months the fighting had
lessened a bit as Tenchi had made it clear that he
didn't want his house being constantly damaged.

Tenchi: Bob Vila costs a ton

That,
and the Zero incident seemed to have mellowed Ryouko out
a lot.

Ryoko: That 'incident' was when I fell asleep and Zero licked a wall socket
Aeka: Bit of Freudism there

She no longer seemed to go out of her way to pick
fights with Aeka, and the intensity of her battles
seemed to have gone down too.

Well, anything that brought a little peace into his
household was okay by him. He finally reached the house
and placed today's load of carrots in the storage shed,
then steeled himself for confronting whatever dignitary
had arrived.

As Tenchi approached the front door, he said a silent
prayer to whatever Kami

Aisha: Isn't he on Dragon Ball?
Clayton: I think that's Dende now

would care to listen that it
wasn't Misaki. Please, please, please let it be anyone
but Misaki!

Aeka: And what is wrong with my mother?

He prayed. He'd had to put up with Aeka and
Sasami's "eccentric" mother for a whole week last time
she'd drop by to visit, and he didn't think his rib cage
could take another one of her bear hugs. Well, there was
no more putting it off. Reaching out hesitantly, Tenchi
opened the door.


He found the crew, minus Ryouko and Washu (who had
learned that to make themselves scarce during visits by
Jurai royalty, as some of the royals would spontaneously
decided upon seeing them to "Rid the Princess's house of
those vile creatures." Which Aeka would always
support...)

Ryoko: (Sticks her tongue out at Aeka)
Aeka: Oh get a life
Ryoko: Get a date!

sitting around the table along with two
visitors, Funaho and Misaki.

Tenchi let his shoulders slump. That was it, he was
doomed and all the gods hated him.

Gene: Washu seems pretty fond of him
Aisha: And Tsunami

Shaking his head
sadly, he approached the two queen's and gave them both
a deep bow, bracing himself for the onslaught of
Misaki's hug. It wasn't long in coming. Straining under
the remarkable force the woman seemed to be able to
summon, Tenchi stoically

Aeka: Is that a word
Tenchi: Beats me

put up with her fawning over
him. Finally, after a much briefer period of time than
usually past before he was released, Funaho tapped her
"sister" on the shoulder and silently drew her back to
her side.

Tenchi shot his great-grandmother a thankful look.

Ryoko: (As Funaho) Ah, I've been shot!

He
really did enjoy Funaho's presence, but she seemed to
only come by with Misaki... and he didn't enjoy her
presence _that_ much. Still, he was awfully glad that he was her descendent 
and not Misaki's...

Aeka: This author shall die painfuly
Clayton: (Smirks) You sad the same about me
Aeka: Oh yeah (Hits him hard)
Clayton: OW!

Taking his seat at the table, next to Aeka,

Aeka: Yay!

attention
once more turned to the two matriarchs. Both sipped
their tea for a moment, then Funaho began.

"We apologize for intruding like this upon your home,
but a matter of some importance has come up..."

Gene: The entire universe insists you have sex with SOMEONE! It's not 
negotiable
Ryoko: (Grins at Tenchi) You heard the man
Tenchi: (Gulps)

"It's no bother, really, Funaho-sama. You are always
welcome here." Replied Tenchi.

Funaho nodded, and continued. "You see, in a scarce week
is the centennial Mul'lack ball, which is the largest
and most prestigious high-brow event held anywhere in
the galaxy,

Aisha: Gene, were we invited?
Gene: Nope

and for the last seven of them, the Jurai
royal family has lacked a presence there. Now normally
this sort of thing would be beneath us, but you see, the
ball is more than just a dance, it is a showing of

Clayton: Cars?
Gene: Bikinis?
Aisha: Food?

power. Although traditionally only the younger members
of a household are invited, it still serves as a chance
for the younger generation to meet their fellow ruling-
class, and establish valuable friendships and allies.
Our absence from the ball has greatly hurt our political
position in the galaxy, although we still maintain our
status as a galaxy leader because of our military might,
over the last few centuries we have become practically a
war state, scaring all of our neighbors into submission.

Clayton: Seems like a plan
Aeka: Agreed

This situation cannot continue."

All: Awww

Aeka seemed lost in thought as her other-mother related
the situation. "The Mul'lack ball is coming up again so
soon? I remember attending one just before... before I
left...."

Now it was Misaki's turn to speak up. "Yes dear, and it
is you who needs to go to this years as well. Although
Yousho may one day return and sit the throne of Jurai,

Tenchi and Ryoko: He'd better!

you, being of the true, pure, Jurainian bloodline, carry
the most political weight amongst your peers." Misaki
smiled warmly at her daughter. "Besides, think of this
as another wonderful opportunity to meet some eligible
noble boys!"

Ryoko: I knew you could be seeing other people
Aeka: Oh shut up. Stop rubbing it in
Ryoko: Then stop trying to get him!

Aeka seemed frozen in stone at that last statement, her
eyes going blank. "I... remember the last ball... All
those men asking me to dance, pestering me for
dates...."

All: (collective snort)
Aeka: (Zaps them)

"Aeka-san...." Tenchi said, concerned. She sounded so
disturbed by this, wasn't that how it was suppose to be.
Aeka looked back at Tenchi and immediately loosened up.

Aeka: I am not a loose woman!
Ryoko: (Kisses Tenchi) I am
Tenchi: (Blushes, but hugs her)

"None of them were _half_ the man Tenchi-sama is! If I'm
to go to this dance, I'm going to need an escort! Please
Tenchi, please come with me!"

Aisha: That's just sad
Aeka: This from someone who is dating a twelve year old?
Aisha: And how old is Tenchi compaired to you? I'm immortal I can wait

Tenchi nearly leaped back, stunned at the sudden
reversal.

Gene: It's a reversal to Tenchi! He reaches the thirty, the forty...

"Yes Tenchi, that is the other matter we came
here to discuss. We at the Jurai royal court feel it is
time for you to be introduced to the universe at large.

Tenchi: (Extends his hand to the universe) Hi

We insist that you fulfill your duty as a Jurainian
prince and escort the princess Aeka to the Mul'lack
ball."

As Funaho finished, Tenchi's shoulders slumped in
defeat. He was trapped and he knew it. Funaho always seemed to be able to 
get him to do anything she wanted,

Ryoko: I can do that too (Runs her hand up his leg)
Tenchi: Yes master... I mean Ryoko

and he knew from the week she had spent here that any
attempt get out of it would only lead to an argument with which he was 
doomed to lose. "I suppose if I have
no choice then...." he said sullenly.

Gene and Aisha: Wuss!

Aeka, however, didn't seem to notice his less-than-
enthusiastic tone. "Oh Tenchi-sama! I knew that you
really did care for me! We'll go to the ball and be the
perfect couple, you'll see!" Aeka beamed at him, hearts
in her eyes.

Clayton: My, Juraian physiology is odd

Tenchi was already hoping that something
would come up and let him get out of this, judging by
the look in Aeka's eyes, he'd just landed himself in a
heap of trouble.

Ryoko: Not to mention what I would do to you
Clayton: Don't worry, I wrote one where you went to a ball with him

***

Preparations for their departure were made surprisingly
quickly.

Tenchi: Dad knows a good travel agent

They were to take Misaki and Funaho's ship, and
they had to leave the next day in order to arrive on
time. As this was to be Jurai's re-entrance to the ball
after 7 centuries of absence, the preparations on board
the ship were overly lavish, with a million different
outfits for both of them,

Aeka: Apparently we had time to count them

ranging from gaudy to just
plain ludicrous. The ball usually lasted only 2 days,
but had been known to run to 3 or 4, so three weeks were
estimated as their time away from earth when travel time
was added.

Three weeks of just him and Aeka, Tenchi thought.

Aisha: Oh the humanity
Aeka: (Zaps her)

He
wasn't sure if he was happy about that or not. On one
hand,

Tenchi: I had six fingers

that would mean none of her fighting with Ryouko,
and she _had_ shown that without Ryouko around she was
usually pretty nice,
if a little aloft. Tenchi could
tell that this was probably a plot on the Queen's part
to get him to fall for Aeka, but he honestly couldn't
see it working,

Aeka: Curses, foiled again

he just didn't feel it was right to
commit to a relationship at this time.

Ryoko: He has to wait a couple days

However, the trip without Ryouko had a definite down
side too -- they would have to come back, and when they
did, Ryouko was _*NOT*_ going to be happy that they'd
left her alone for three weeks... and she was going to
even less happy about the fact that he'd been _alone_
with Aeka for that period of time.

Ryoko: (Forms an energy sword and growls)
Others: (Scoot away)

Still, as Misaki
pointed out, only royalty were allowed at the ball, and
not even servants were suppose to accompany the junior-
sovereigns. This was suppose to be their chance to show
just themselves off, and how well they could stand on
their own without their court of followers.

Clayton: Most tripped

No, facing Ryouko once they returned would definitely
not be fun, but facing her before they left was bound to be just as bad. 
Tenchi sighed. The others had tried to
convince him that he should just leave without telling
her, but Tenchi had quickly vetoed that idea.

Tenchi: After all, I didn't have a deathwish

As much as
he wasn't looking forward to it, he just couldn't go off
and leave her without saying *something*, Tenchi liked
to think he had a little more honor than that.

Gene: It wasn't true, but he'd like to think it was
Ryoko: (Hits him)

Now he was waiting for her up in his room. It was
getting late, but he was rather sure that she'd come to
see him before he went to bed, she usually did whenever
she'd been forced to go into hiding and not be around
him when the royals visited. However, usually she came
in as soon as he had his door shut and turned out his
light out, sometimes even before he got that far.

Aisha: Sounds like a prison movie

Tonight, however, there was no sign of her, a fact that
was beginning to worry Tenchi.

Aeka: I'm sure he can live with it

Oh well, he decided finally, she wasn't coming.

Gene: (Is hit as his mouth opens)

He just
hoped he'd be able to catch her tomorrow before they
left.

***

Tenchi gazed down at the planet they were circling. It
was a truly breath taking place, the oceans so crystal
blue it was unbelievable. Aeka had informed him after
they awakened from deep sleep that Mul'lack was a
specially protected resort world, basically left
completely untouched and in all its natural splendor; a
truly royal vacation spot.

Still, Tenchi couldn't bring himself to look upon this
event with anything but trepidation.

Clayton: hmm, somebody got a thesaurus

Aeka had been giddy
with joy ever since they got on the ship together and
took off alone

Aeka: I think we may have an oxygen leak
Tenchi: Where was Mihoshi durring all this?

... but Tenchi still couldn't get over the
fact that he hadn't been able to find Ryouko before they
left.

All except Aeka: Awwww

Washu had assured him that Ryouko was merely busy
somewhere else, and that she would explain everything to
her absent daughter, but it just wasn't like Ryouko to
disappear for days at a time, and she was going to be
really upset when Tenchi got back. Still, he had already
been gone a whole week now, so any damage had
undoubtedly already been done.

Ryoko: Not quite yet, just give me a second to aim at the ship

It felt strange to Tenchi
to think that over the course of what seemed only one
night's sleep to him had been an entire week back
home... and not only that, but he was half-way across
the universe! Living with Aeka and Ryouko had somewhat
accustomed him to seeing space ships, and even taking
short jaunts into the surrounding solar system, but this
traveling to another planet... Tenchi's mind just
boggled at the concept.

Tenchi: I love that game (Rolls the dice)

Yet here he was, decked out in the finest Jurainian
gentleman's get up, and preparing to go and mingle with
beings from all over the galaxy as one of the most
influential republics' prince!

Clayton: Little did he know one would lay its eggs in his chest

It was all so
Inconceivable

Aeka: (As the guy from the Princess Bride) Inconceivable!
Tenchi: (As Inigo Montoya) You keep using that word. I do not think it means 
what you think it means

... Aeka have assured him that all he had
to do was be himself and he'd charm the whole assembly,
but this just seemed too much. He didn't know anything
about politics, and now he was expected to play such an
important role? What was he going to do??

Gene: First he'll pee his pants

"Tenchi-sama..." Aeka called

Looking up from the peaceful planet below him, Tenchi's
gaze found the princess he was "escorting."

Tenchi: Why is that in quotation marks?
Ryoko: Because you're really taking her to a mental hospital

Truly, Aeka
was in her element,
bedecked in the latest fashions, the
demure princess was absolutely stunning, though her
dress was still modest as ever. She _was_ beautiful,
Tenchi realized, but he just couldn't love fall in love

Clayton: Ah he has a thesaurus, but no grammar and spelling checker

with her just because of her looks, he wanted more out
of a relationship than something that superficial.

Aeka: I hate this author. All Clayton ever did was drive me insane
Clayton: Short trip

"Yes,
Aeka-san?"

"We'll be landing shortly. The festivities don't begin
for another day, but these before-ball meetings can be
very important. I know you must be nervous about this,
Tenchi-sama, but please, just be yourself and mingle,
I'll handle all the political aspects, okay?"

Tenchi: Oh I feel special
Ryoko: Want me to conquer their worlds
Tenchi: Maybe later

Tenchi nodded. Aeka was standing at the helm of the
ship, actually having to fly it without Azaka and
Kamidake along to take care of that. Sure, just let Aeka
handle all the political stuff... easy for her to say.

Aisha: Well it wasn't exactly a tongue twister

She was used to this sort of thing, while Tenchi would
have to learn how not to offend everyone and be rendered
a nervous wreck.

Gene: Which is why I offend almost everyone

Not to mention the fact that he would
be effectively useless in the negotiations and
festivities. He barely knew how to dance, he'd likely
make a fool of himself.

Clayton: Sucker bet

He'd tried arguing a bit with Funaho just before they
left, trying to impress upon her how useless he would be
if he went, and how likely it was that he would end up
making enemies for Jurai with incidentally offenses, but
Funaho had only smiled, assuring him that it was the
same when she had first gone to the ball her first year
as Azuza's bride.

Ryoko: I'd like to see what happens when I go

Tenchi had wanted to ask her for
advice, what had happened, anything to both stall his
departure and get to know his great-grandmother better,
but she had only waved off his questions told him to get
moving.

Turning back to the window, Tenchi shook his head sadly.
Why were all of his family so close-mouthed?

Ryoko: (Looks at Aeka and snickers) Yeah right

Yousho was
so cryptic at times it made it nearly impossible to hold
a conversation with him, and Funaho was even worse.
Idly, Tenchi wondered if his mother had been like that,
then decided against it. If his mother had married his
father, she would probably be as outspoken as him.

Tenchi: Apparently it's a cycle
Clayton: First you are attractive to alien women
Gene: Then you turn into a pervert due to the attention
Aisha: Then you become a cryptic old man
Ryoko: I'll have to have Washu fix that

The crypticness in his family must come from their
extreme old age. It still made Tenchi's mind balk a bit
to think that his grandfather was actually well over 700
years old,

Aeka: Older since she was long married to father when Yosho, Sasami, and I 
left Jurai

but at least he _looked_ old. To think of
Funaho as his great-grandmother, even older than Yousho
yet looking younger than his father was even stranger.
And now to think that maybe, if one of his adventures or
one of the girls didn't end his life prematurely, he
might live that long... It just didn't seem possible.

Tenchi: Especially since I married Ryoko
Ryoko: (Kisses his cheek) You'll be around forever

Tenchi was shaken out of his reverie though as the
planet below them suddenly began rising up to meet them
at a frightening pace.

Gene: Friendly world isn't it?

In a matter of moments the ship
had dropped out of orbit and was cruising just above the
ocean, heading toward a monstrous yet strangely
beautiful ship that cruised along the deep blue ocean.
The ship, which looked more like a floating city than a
ship, seemed like a beehive of activity as ships ranging
from amazingly beautiful to hideously sinister landed on
dozens of concealed landing pads.

Tenchi looked back to Aeka, and found her a mask of
concentration as she struggled to land their ship
without incidence. Finally touching down on one of the
more prominent and decorated landing pads, Aeka looked
up from the control console and smiled at Tenchi.
"There, we're down. Are you ready Tenchi-sama?"

Aeka: Just then the ship slipped into the ocean

Tenchi felt anything but ready. His stomach was a mess
of butterflies,

Clayton: I told you Juraians had weird physiologies

but he nodded anyway. Deciding that it
was best to just get through this as quickly as
possible.

The open, fresh air of the sea was pleasantly warm and a
surprising shock to Tenchi as he breathed in the sea-
scented air upon stepping out onto the docking platform.
Before him and the princess was arrayed a full
compliment of honor guards, dressed in Jurai's colors,
though not carrying weapons and obviously not from Jurai
themselves.

All: Obviously

He stood side-by-side with Aeka as the
guards led them into a wide, lush, patio area, where
there where a dozen or so other nobles standing around
talking. The other nobles were also lavishly dressed,
some more than others, and Tenchi was surprised at the
vast verity of people gathered in the room.

Ryoko: (Waves) Hey Vegita!

>From almost-
exactly human to almost-exactly insect, the assembled
nobles covered every category.

Tenchi: (as Alex Trebec) Our final category is, 'Human eating aliens'

Finally a very road
little man

All: Ooookayyyy

with pointed ears and a long, black beard
standing on a raised balcony bellowed out to the
assembly, "Princess Aeka and Prince Tenchi, of the Jurai
empire. Welcome honored guests! Too long has it been
since last the great Jurai empire deemed to send its
fair people to our humble halls! Thank you for
attending. I am lord Osteval, if there is anything I can
do to make your stay here more comfortable, all you must
do is ask. The entire resources of the Mul'lacks is at
your request."

Clayton: (Covers his ears) He's loud

The Mul'lackian lord gave them a deep bow, which Tenchi
and Aeka returned.

Aeka: It's lovely really, but we already have one

The formal greeting out of the way,
conversation seemed to leap up around them, twice as
loud as before.

Aisha: I just hope they have food

Aeka smiled at him demurely, "Come
Tenchi-sama, let us go meet the others."

The next 3 hours became a whirlwind of names and faces
for Tenchi, as he struggled to answer a million
questions from a million different people, all the while
slowly become aware of a subtle undercurrent running
though all the royalty he was introduced to.

Ryoko: I take it you were drunk?
Tenchi: I guess

It was strange, but after a while it seemed like he was
becoming the focus of attention at the informal
gathering. It seemed like the nobles had picked up
quickly on his social ineptitude and were having an
uproariously good time with him because of it.

Gene: This is why I don't associate with royalty
Aeka: I thought it was the other way around

Finally,
Aeka came to his rescue, hauling him back off to the
ship.

Aeka definitely did not seem to be in a good mood as
they returned to the ship, but Tenchi was really almost
too tired to care.

Clayton: How insensitive

He felt like he'd been poked and
prodded by half the galaxy,

Ryoko: (As bug-like alien) Not quite old enough

and it was not a sensation
he enjoyed. More than that, the stress of having to
constantly be on guard against offending anyone had made
the day absolutely exhausting.

Tenchi: I do that all the time at home. Especially at the end of the month
Gene: I'm just glad Melfina doesn't do that. And Aisha and Suzuka always 
leave
Tenchi: Now who's lucky?
The girls: (Hit the guys)

As Aeka released his arm, Tenchi slumped heavily into a
nearby chair. "Well Tenchi, so far so good. But today
was just the preliminaries. The real fun begins
tomorrow, when *everyone* will be there."

Aeka: It is a very big ship

Tenchi's reply was a pain-filled groan. "Go through that
again? Are you crazy?

Ryoko: Do you need to ask?

How do you put up with it, Aeka-
san?"

"Oh come now, Tenchi-sama, it's not _that_ bad... Just
try to relax and enjoy yourself!"

Ryoko: By a strange coincidence I used those exact words on our honeymoon

"Sure Aeka, sure... and the first time I say the wrong
thing, I accidentally start an intergalactic war!"

Aeka tried unsuccessfully to hide a smile, but then
finally burst out laughing.

"What? What so funny?" Tenchi asked, in completely
bewilderment.

Aeka, still trying to stifle her giggles, gasped out

Aeka: No air!

"Oh
Tenchi... it's not like that at all! Everyone here knows
you don't know what you're doing! No one would take
offense. They all already know you're from a backwater
planet! They're just having fun with you."

Tenchi's face went beet red as he realized she was
right, he was the laughing stock of the ball.

Ryoko: I promise swift and blinding vengence!
Others: (Back away slowly)

Imagine,

Gene: (As Rod Serling) Imagine if you will the case of Tenchi Misaki

some boy who'd spent the majority of his life on some
back-country farm trying to act like a prince of the
largest and most influential empire in the galaxy!
Tenchi's face burned with the indignation of being
forced into coming here.

Aisha: Is this that spontanious combustion thing you humans do?
Ryoko: We can only hope

Aeka's laughter finally stopped as she noticed Tenchi's
obvious embarrassment.
Sitting down next to him, she
took his hand in hers, forcing him to look into her eyes (though she 
blushed, as a lady should, when took his
hand).

All(even Aeka): (Snort)

"Now Tenchi don't be angry. It's not so much that
they're making fun of you as it is that you are a
refreshing change from the norm here. I, too, have
received some of this attention, due to my extend stay
with you, I'm not quite as "up" on my court manners as I
should be. Try not to let it worry you."

Aisha: Hakuna Matata

Aeka's words had a soothing effect on Tenchi, and he
managed to give her a wry smile. "Ah, it's okay Aeka-
san, I'm not really angry, it's just... I don't think
I'm cut out for this kind of life."

"Nonsense! You're a prince of Jurai! It can really be
quite fun, if you let it.

Tenchi: Ryoko said that too
Gene: (Pats him on the back) Melfina has a surprisingly dirty mouth in bed 
too

Anyway, Mul'lack is renown for
its breathtaking sunsets... would you care to join me
for dinner? As some of the more important nobles here,
we rank some of the best seats...."

Tenchi was tempted, especially seeing Aeka still looking
rather lovely in that gown of hers...

Ryoko: (glares at him)
Tenchi: She is cute
Ryoko: (Sighs) Maybe, but keep it in check

but he just didn't
feel up to it. "I'm sorry Aeka-san... How about tomorrow
night, okay?"

Ryoko: Never said that

Aeka looked disappointed, but nodded her head. "Okay, Tenchi-sama. Sleep 
well, we have a big day ahead of us
tomorrow. The party begins around lunch, and the formal
ball starts as the sunsets. We'll be expected to be at
the head of the procession once the ball begins, so I'll
meet you back here before then, alright?"

***

The next seemed a complete blur to Tenchi,

Gene: Drunk again

the
procession and the events leading up to it were just one
big conglomeration of faces. During the course of the
day Tenchi had been surrounded by a constant group of
dignitaries who seemed to hang on his every word. Aeka
had tried to stay by his side as much as possible, but
she had gone off to speak with other people many times.

Aeka: Ok, maybe I can get a date

It completely amazed Tenchi how she was always able to
keep everyone's names straight as well as what they did
and where they were from.

Finally the processional had begun. Tenchi, with Aeka on
his arm,

Aisha: Princess want a cracker?

had entered into the main ball room first of
the royalty present, and it seemed like a palatable

Aeka: Doesn't that mean delicious?

force slammed into him with all those stares.

Clayton: (As Obi-wan) These are not the droids you're looking for
Gene: You know, I'll be Asuza's dad was the emperor in that movie

After
having their names announced to the assembled
dignitaries, they were led forward to greet Osteval
again, who returned their deep bows.

Aisha: He had some too

After that,
however, they were pretty much on their own, or so
Tenchi had thought.

Ryoko: I know the feeling. Between Ryo-oki and Washu I am never alone

Aeka told him otherwise, however,
and he was soon forced to stand next to her and watch
and say hello to each of the members of royalty that
came through the door in a seemingly never-ending
stream. Aeka made comments to him about each of them as
they greeted them,

Aeka: Can you believe that outfit?

about what Jurai's relationship to
their world was or some personal observation, but Tenchi
really wasn't able to pay much attention.

However, just as Tenchi was sure that he was going to
fall asleep on his feet, the women who next walked in
captured his attention like none of the other beautiful
women had, and, indeed, not just his attention, but that
of every man in the room, it seemed.

Tenchi: (Screams out) It's just a fic!
Ryoko: (Lowers her sword) Oh yeah

She was absolutely stunning, wearing a form-hugging red
dress that was just barely decent, and made of some
material that seemed to shimmer as she moved, providing
hints of the assets that lay underneath.

Ryoko: I like her style
Aeka: You would

It was matched
perfectly by her blood-red hair which cascaded free down
to the middle of her back.

Gene: Was Washu there?

It was all Tenchi could do to
rip his eyes away from her, and catch her name.
"Princess Ceredwin, of the planet Neo-Vesper." The page
said.

Conversation died as every eye in the house watched her
progression up to Osteval, and her deep curtsey.

Gene: (Whistles)
Aisha: (Hold up Melfina's picture) Remember your wife?
Gene: (Blushes) The girl in the fic isn't that good looking

He
heard Aeka mutter something about Neo-Vesper being some
out-of-the-way back water planet not much better than
earth who had never had a representative invited to the
ball before, but Tenchi couldn't bring himself to care
as she began moving toward them, greeting each of the
lords and ladies (the former of whom were trying to keep
their tongues in their mouths, the latter of which were
staring in thinly-veiled envy).

Aeka: I hate this fic
Clayton: I like it
Aeka: You would

Then she did the
unthinkable, and stopped right in front of Tenchi and
Aeka.

Ryoko: How could she!

"My lord, My lady, I am honored to be in your presence
tonight." She said, giving a deep curtsey. As she got
back to her feet, she looked Tenchi right in the eyes,
and he found himself sinking into those golden, cat-like
orbs

Tenchi: (Rolls his eyes to his wife) Oh gee, I wonder who she really is
Ryoko: (Smiles) I have no idea
All: (Fake cough) Bullshit!

that seemed to drink in the world around them.

Gen: Ah yes the world, now with fewer calories

Tenchi tried desperately to think of something he could
possibly say to the vision in front of him,

Aisha: (As Tenchi) You got a perty mouth
Aeka: How about 'I already have a date'?

but try as
he might he simply couldn't seem to make his mind work.
Finally, Aeka came back with the proper response for a
princess. "As we are to be in yours. I didn't not get a
chance to meet you at the party earlier, please forgive
me."

"Oh, not at all. I just got here." Tenchi, still trying
to regain his composure, noted with some foggy part of
his brain that still worked that her voice was soft and
husky

Ryoko: (Whispers in Tenchi's ear)
Tenchi: (Blushes)

... but most of his mind was still focused on her
eyes, her gaze having never left Tenchi's.

Aeka was beginning to get quite miffed that she was
being ignored,

Aeka: Miffed, yeah that's the word

but then the graceful sounds of an
orchestra began filtering into the room, and couples
started making their way to the dance floor. Smiling
smugly, she grabbed Tenchi's arm, dragging him away from
the new girl.

Tenchi, feeling himself being ripped away from those
bewitching eyes, turned to find himself being led to the
dance floor, and started panicking.

Tenchi: I apparently have a deepseated fear of polished floors

"Aeka-san! Wait! I
don't know how to dance!"

There was a small titer of laughter from the nearby
couples at this, but Aeka shrugged it off. "Just follow
my lead, Tenchi. We're expected to dance at least this
first dance together."

Aisha: I'd think a princess could ignore peer preassure

Tenchi did his best, but it wasn't very much. Finally
the song finished, and both Tenchi and Aeka politely
clapped and tried not to look too embarrassed at their
less-than-wonderful dancing. Aeka was beckoned away
after that, and Tenchi was finally left on his own.

Tenchi: Freedom!

Seeing that, for the moment at least, everyone was
leaving him alone, he made his way over to the huge
buffet table laid out with delicacies from every planet
imaginable.

Aisha: (Drools)

Not knowing where to begin, Tenchi decided
that if he was going to remain inconspicuous, he'd just
have to make like everyone else, and everyone else
seemed to be heading directly for the punch.

Ryoko: My kind of party
Gene: Same here

Getting a small glass for himself, Tenchi tried to fade
back into the shadows, but it was no use. As soon as he
backed away from the punch bowl, he was beset by two
young men.

Clayton: Please don't let it be a lemon like that (Prays)
All: (pray with him)

"Hey, you're that Tenchi guy, right?" the first one
said, apparently a bit drunk already.

"uh, well, yeah..." Tenchi replied, a bit lamely.

"Ah! I told you so Hiroshi! He's the guy who came in
with Princess Aeka!" Said the second.

Hiroshi looked back at Tenchi. "So, you're the one with
the princess? Man are _you_ lucky! She's sssooooo cute.

Aeka: My torture of this Author will be less severe

I'd give anything to be in your shoes!"

"No way! He's lucky because he actually got to talk to
that _goddess_ that came in last! What was her name...
Ceredwin? She's the greatest! I'd give anything to meet
her!"

Aeka: Ok, maybe not

Tenchi was looking quite nervous at this point, and took
a big drink from his punch, trying to find some way to
get away from these two, but he just couldn't seem to
find a polite way to brush past them.

Gene: See where rudeness is important?

In fact, as the
two debated the finer aspects of both females, more
guys, mostly royalty that had come in unattached (of
which their were far more males than females), came over
and joined the conversation. Tenchi tried to stay out of
the conversation as best he could, but after awhile (and
a couple more glasses of punch) he couldn't help but
interject comments on both sides... He knew Aeka better,
so was better able to defend her, but then even he had
to admit that Ceredwin looked much better, and judging
by the way she kept approaching lucky men and asking
them for dances, she had as fiery a personality as her
hair fire-red hair.

Ryoko: I love this story!

It was at about this point that Tenchi finally realized
that the "punch" was alcoholic...

Aisha: Took you long enough

He had just assumed
that this was a high-brow enough party that that sort of
thing wouldn't be a problem, and now he was feeling more
than a little bit giddy, but he was starting to enjoy
himself a bit more as he loosened up.

Then it happened.

Aeka: The story ended?

With amazing suddenness, all
conversation stopped dead among the young men, as a
foreigner invaded their space.

Clayton: I'll call the border patrol

Forcing her way through
them, Ceredwin pushed her way right up to Tenchi, and
grabbed his hand.

Tenchi: Thank you, I was afraid it might get away

"Would you like to dance?" she asked
with a smile.

Tenchi's mind was rather fogged at this point, but
seeing her right before him sobered him with remarkable
speed. Gulping, he looked around, trying to spot Aeka,
wondering if he should... but taking a look back at the
girl before him, he suddenly realized it didn't matter
whether Aeka cared or not. With a sheepish grin, he
replied, "s... sure..."

Ceredwin's smile was simply beatific as she dragged him
back through the crowd of boys. Grinning from ear-to-ear
at his good-fortune, Tenchi shrugged off their envious
glances as he stepped on to the dance floor, then
suddenly his doubts returned. "ah... but... wait... I, I
can't dance..." Tenchi said blushing with embarrassment.

However, Ceredwin just smiled sweetly at him, and echoed
Aeka's words. "It's okay... just follow my lead."

The dance that followed seemed like something out of a
dream for Tenchi, as the two of them whirled and turned
on the dance floor.

Gene: Oh I see, it's like that Jackie Chan movie. Get a few drinks in him 
and he's excelent

Ceredwin seemed to glide
effortlessly, as if she wasn't even touching the ground.
Tenchi hardly noticed though, it all seemed so magical.
As the first dance ended, Tenchi started to turn to go,
but Ceredwin wasn't through with him yet. Before he
could even begin to protest, she dragged him off for
another dance.

And so the night went, the two of them making the
perfect couple as they danced dance after dance.

Ryoko: You know if it were anyone else I'd have to kill you (Lays her head 
on Tenchi's shoulder)
Tenchi: I know Ryoko, I know

As the
night dragged on, the orchestra turned to much slower
music, and Ceredwin pulled him in close.

As they danced Ceredwin whispered into his ear.
"Tenchi... let's go out on the balcony and get some
air."

Tenchi could only nod in reply.

Gene: Duh, pretty girl

He knew he should
refuse, go find Aeka... but he just couldn't bring
himself to.

Aeka: Oh sure you could!

As they stepped out into the cool night air, Ceredwin
walked over to the balcony, leaning over and taking a
deep breath. Tenchi just stood by the doorway, uncertain
what he should do, or if he should even be there.

"Oh Tenchi, isn't it a beautiful night?" Ceredwin began,
looking out over the endless ocean, the twin moons of
the planet circling overhead.

"Yes, it certainly is... though I suppose they wouldn't
have chosen this planet for the ball if it hadn't been
perfect."

Aisha: Good point
Gene: Let's go there on our next vacation
Clayton: This message brought to you by the vacation bureu of this planet I 
can't pronounce

Ceredwin gave a light laugh, her laughter loud and
genuine, just like the rest of her. "No, I suppose they
wouldn't have, would they, Tenchi?"

Tenchi: Nope

Tenchi slowly walked over to stand next to her. "Tell me
of the world where you come from." Tenchi asked feeling
he needed to know more about her... He felt like he'd
known her forever for some reason,

Aeka: Subtlety abounds here huh?

but he knew that was
just his own subconscious's wish. He felt a craving to
know more about her though, even if ever seeing her
again after this once-in-a-century ball was an
impossibility.

Ceredwin gained a far away look, then turned back to
face him. "My home? My home...

All: (Sing) Home on the range

I'm not sure if I've ever
really had a home. The place where I was born was cold
and lifeless, and I grew up far from there. You might
say I've never really gotten to lead the charmed life
that most of the royalty here has."

"I'm sorry to hear that. Still, maybe that's why I feel
like I know you, as I'm in pretty much the same boat you
are.

Tenchi: They said that when we arrived

I feel like I just don't belong with these people.
I may have been born to royal blood, but I grew up in a
relatively small town in the middle of nowhere. Still,
it had its pleasant times too, when the cherry blossoms
would fall... and summer's spent at my Grandfather's
shrine. It was always so nice and peaceful... But lately
everything has been turned on its ear. I suddenly
discover that I'm a prince of some far off planet I've
never even been to, and all these strange aliens keep
popping up at my house, destroying everything. I never
get a chance to just relax anymore."

Ryoko: (Nods) That's about the size of it

Ceredwin studied him intensely for a moment, then
smiled. "Oh surely its not that bad... Isn't it more fun
to have things always happening around you, rather than
just sitting around all the time?"

Tenchi shrugged. "Not really. I mean, everything keeps
happening *to* me, its never of my choosing. It's like I
have no control of my life anymore... you just wouldn't
understand. I mean, look at you, you're royalty, anyone
could see you're born to it,

Ryoko: (Giggles)
Aeka: (Sighs and gives up) Well she does look good

yet you have this sense of
being so in control of your life... you take charge of
situations, when you wanted to dance with me, you just
walked up and asked, even though boys are usually
suppose to ask girls... I just can't seem to do that. I
don't want to hurt anyone's feelings, and it seems that
no matter what I do, someone gets hurt."

Aisha: If you do it right that could be fun

Ceredwin placed a hand on his shoulder, causing Tenchi
to look up at her. "You are a good man, Tenchi, you care
about what other people think, and that's what draws
people to you. It's that quality that people admire in
you and you feel that you can't let down their
expectations. Well, I've got news for you, Prince. It's
all well and good to not want to hurt people, but what
about yourself? Anyone can see that you aren't happy
about some of the things you are forced to do, and
you're letting yourself get hurt rather than hurting the
others."

Tenchi and Ryoko: (Pat Aeka's back)
Aeka: (Sniffles)

"Yeah? Well, when does the hurting stop? I'd rather take
the pain myself than hurt anyone else."

Aeka: I forgive you both

Ceredwin looked at him in sympathy. "Maybe, but those
who really care for you are going to be even more hurt
by watching you do this to yourself. This course you're
on is ultimately only self destructive, and you are only
making people happy in superficial ways.

Aisha: When did she get a psycological degree?

If you don't
stand up try to make yourself happy, you're never going
to make anyone else truly happy."

Tenchi pulled away from her. "But how do I know what
makes me happy?"

Behind him in the darkness, Ceredwin shimmered and
changed, growing a few inches, and her hair color
changing from red to cyan. "Tenchi... the only way to
find out what truly makes you happy is to try and find
out." Ryouko said.

Clayton: (As Gomer Pile) Well surprise surprise surprise
Gene: (As Red Fox) Elizibeth, I'm coming to join ya hunny!
Aeka: I need my heart pills

Tenchi spun back to face her, his eyes opening wide in
shock. Slowly Ryouko walked toward him. "Unless you tell
us what you want, we have to keep guessing..."

Ryoko: Um... a new bike?

and she
began lowering her head toward his, drawing him in for a
kiss....

Clayton: (As Scotty) The lip's tractor beams are at full power capt'n!

Tenchi's mind was locked up at this point... How could
this be possible? Ryouko was Ceredwin? What was going
on? Suddenly the small part of his brain the was still
paying attention to Ryouko kicked the rest of his mind
to get him to pay full attention to the fact that
Ryouko's face was now about two inches from his own and
closing in.

All: (Hum the theme to Jaws)

His initial response would have been to pull away, but
something, whether it was the alcohol or what Ryouko had
said, caused him not to.

Tenchi: I'd like to think it's what Ryoko said
Aeka: This is kind of romantic

Here was his chance, he
thought, to discover what a relationship was really
like. If he accepted the kiss, he could take control of
his life again, he could stand up as his own person
again...

In the darkness of Mul'lack, the warm sea breeze blowing
across the balcony of the luxury liner with the twin
moons racing over head, Tenchi's lips met Ryouko's.

Tenchi: Hi hows it going?
Ryoko: Fine, you?

For
Tenchi the experience was like nothing he'd expected, as
a feeling of electricity seemed to arch through him,

Clayton: Once again theres that Jurai physiology
Ryoko: I know, it's like kissing a battery (Grin) I love it

the
feeling of her lips and her warm body pressed against
him seemed ready to overload every synapse in his brain,
yet somehow he hung on, savoring the experience.

"T... T... TENCHI-SAMA!!!!!" the cry broke both out of
their kiss, as Ryouko and Tenchi looked over to see Aeka
standing at the doorway, her cry drawing more and more
on lookers.

Aeka: (Shakes her head) Just let it go...

"Aeka-san..." Tenchi started, struggling for an
explanation.

Tears welled in Aeka's eyes, then she whirled and ran
back through the crowd. Tenchi started to chase after
her, but Ryouko held him fast.

Aisha: Wow that was quick

Damn his thoughtlessness, he thought, all the reasons he
had allowed the kiss falling from his mind. Only the
image of Aeka standing there, the hurt plain in her
eyes, pain and betrayal her eyes had read....

Ryoko: (Flips through the dictionary) best... bet... ah betrayal

"Ryouko! Let me go!"

"No Tenchi, not this time..." Suddenly their was a
wrenching sensation as Tenchi and Ryouko teleported, and
when Tenchi opened his eyes again, he found himself
hovering hundreds of feet directly above the ship,

Tenchi: Think happy thoughts!

tightly held in Ryouko's grasp.

"Now Tenchi, I'm not going to drop you, but don't
struggle, its hard enough to hold you.

Ryoko: Ok, I can pick up a mountain, but I can't hold up someone who weighs 
145 pounds?

I'm not going to
force you to do anything, but I am going to stop you
from doing something you may regret."

Tenchi froze upon seeing where they were,

Aisha: Actually he looked down her shirt and it was like a deer in 
headlights

but Ryouko's
words seemed to penetrate the haze of fear and force him
to calm down. Once Ryouko felt him go limp in her arms,

Clayton and Gene: (Chuckle and nuge Tenchi's ribs) Limp... yeah right

their was that gut-wrenching sensation again, and he
found himself on the landing deck of the cruise ship,
just across from Aeka's ship. Ryouko set him down
gently, then took a step back.

Tenchi looked at the ship, then looked back at her,
confused. What was Ryouko doing?

Clayton: The hokey pokey

Ryouko had tears in her eyes as she watched him standing
confused at what had happened, fear welling up within
her that she had been wrong, that he would go back to
Aeka... but she had to give him the choice. "Tenchi...
I've forced you into this position, but the choice is
yours."

Gene: Will he pick Ryoko, Aeka, or the brand new car?
All: (Cheering) Go for the car!

Behind her Ryo-ohki suddenly sprang into
existence, hovering just off the side of the platform,
waiting.

Aeka: You're supposed to stay on the platform waiting for the subway

"Aeka is in her ship, all you have to do is go to her,
tell her that I tricked you or forced you, and she'll
forgive you, and everything will go back to the way it
was. However, if you come with me... nothing will ever
be the same again. If you come with me I'll never force
another thing on you, you'll be able to make your own
decisions, even if all you want is just me to take you
back home, I'll do it if that's what you really want."

Ryoko: Ok, so I lied (Pinches Tenchi's arm)

Tenchi felt horror dawning on him as Ryouko's words sunk
in, the weight of the world came crashing down on his
shoulders. Now he was forced to choose, Aeka or Ryouko,
royalty or criminal, a nice, safe life of living up to
everyone else's expectations, or a short, hazardous life
of making his own choices, watching his decisions hurt
those around him, and having no one to blame but
himself.

This choice had been inevitable, he knew, from the
moment he had set Ryouko free.

Gene: (As Tenchi) I pick Mihoshi!
All: (Hit him)

It was almost as if her
entire purpose was to give him this choice, to show him
that the possibilities of a life of his choosing
existed. Setting her free had been the one choice he
could remember he had made completely on his own, with
no other outside influences forcing him to go one way or
the other. And now, on this far off world, nearly a year
later, he had to choose between accepting that action
and reveling in it, or forgetting about it, and going
back to the way things were before....

He started to take a step toward Ryouko, but then
stopped,

Tenchi: I think mostly because she was floating in the air off the edge of 
the platform

seeing again in his mind's eye the look of pain
on Aeka's face as she caught him with Ryouko.

Aeka: It's ok, I forgive you

He had
hurt her badly, and if he left her for good now, what
would become of her?

Gene: Queen of the universe isn't a bad consolation prize

How could he be so cruel? This was
his choice, if he spared Aeka that pain, how much more
would he cause Ryouko?

Ryoko: How much would I cause?

No matter what he did, he was
doomed to hurt someone. It wasn't a choice of good or
evil, black or white, neither side was any better than
the other... or was it?

All: Nah

Hadn't he always wanted to live
his own life? Wasn't that why he hadn't chosen Ryouko or
Aeka, because both of them had always just assumed he
had would choose them, and hadn't given him the choice?

Tenchi: Not really, no

No, that wasn't it. He had been afraid, afraid to take
responsibility for hurting either of them as badly as he
knew making a decision would. Ryouko's words came back
to him though, "those who really care for you are going
to be even more hurt by watching you do this to
yourself."

Aeka and Ryoko: (break down crying. They hug Tenchi, then eachother)
All: (Group hug)
Aisha: Get your hand off my ass Gene
Clayton: (Moves his hand) Sorry

Those words held a ring of truth to them that
Tenchi had been denying for the longest time... although
he had wanted to spare Aeka and Ryouko pain, all he had
done was cause more. That's why Aeka and Ryouko had
fought over him so much, they had both tried to dull the
pain of his uncertainty by claiming him as their own and
hoping to spare him the pain of choosing by resolving
the matter themselves.

Aeka and Ryoko: Uh, yeah... that's why we did it. Sure

Tenchi shook his head, how much hurt had he caused these
two?

Aisha: Let me check the readings

Well, it had to end, right now. It would be better
to make a clean break, stop the cycle of hurt cold. But
who should he choose?

All: (roll their eyes like Sigfrede and Roy's tigers do when they leave a 
room)

Should he choose either of them?

Clayton: Nah, go for Mihoshi

Ryouko embarrassed him so badly sometimes, but she had
also shown that she was willing to change, and she'd
been embarrassing him a lot less lately, since Zero.

Ryoko: Sure, give her all the credit
Tenchi: (hugs her)

But
Aeka always been such a moderating force, although she
occasionally made him nervous with all her formal
manners, he felt like he could never relax around her.

Aeka: Is that true
Tenchi: (very stiff) No, of course not

The immensity of the choice he was about to make chose
that moment to overwhelm him. Which ever decision he
made, it was going to impact every part of his life! He
felt panic rising up within him, but something else
Ryouko had said that night came back to him. "Tenchi...
the only way to find out what truly makes you happy is
to try and find out." It was odd, but that thought
seemed to quell the panic rising inside him, seemed to
make the haze of confusion and panic clear inside his
mind, leaving him with a strong sense of resolve.

Gene: About damn time

He couldn't go back. And he never wanted to. What was
life without change?

Clayton: Life without change is not life, but mere existence

He realized then that he had made
his choice already, made it long ago when he had opened
the cave and let Ryouko free. He had chosen at that
moment, though he didn't know it, to live a life bigger
than just a farmer, or an architect, or indeed, anyone
on earth.

Tenchi: Actuall I just wanted a cool story to tell at school

Perhaps he had made the choice even before
that, when he went to the cave to play, even though he
knew he shouldn't, when he felt the presence of the Oni
that slept there and _wanted_ to see it, _wanted_ to
live in a world where demons and monsters were real.

Ryoko: And what makes you call a pretty thing like me a monster
Aeka: (Pulls out the list)

And
now it was time for him to grow up and live his dreams.

With confident steps, Tenchi walked to Ryouko, seeming
to her eyes to come of age with every step, maturing
into the man she knew he was right before her.

Aisha: Then he fell to his death, once again having forgotten that Ryoko was 
floating in the air

The light
of love shone in Ryouko's eyes as she gave him a bone-

Gene and Clayton: (Laugh their asses off)

crushing

All: (laugh harder)
Tenchi: (crosses his legs)

hug when he reached her at last.

Tenchi: Tag, you're it

Crying tears
that were a mixture of relief and joy

Gene: Mmm, just the perefect mix

into his chest,

Aeka: (As Tenchi) Ah! They're burrowing into my skin!

and she felt him return her embrace for once. Together,
they boarded Ryo-ohki.

-------------------------------

Author's note:
Ok, so this is a real departure from everything else
I've written, as it takes basically only Tenchi's
perspective throughout the whole story. Also, its only
meant to be one, complete story, although writing those
last few paragraphs I thought up a couple story ideas
that I could expound upon...

Clayton: Think he means 'expand'?

well, let me know if you
think I should.

Aeka: Oh hell, why not?

Also, a note about how OOC Ryouko is. I know I made her
overly-insightful,

Ryoko: (Sniffs)I thought it was dead on, don't you?
Others: (Innocently whistle and look around)

and basically not her usual self, but
I just felt if fit. I can always just say she was way
OOC because of Zero (since it never really shows what
Ryouko acts like once assimilated with Zero, other than
that 5sec clip of her running out to find Tenchi.) So if
you think its too out of character, my response is 1)I'm
sorry, 2)Maybe her character changed drastically after
assimilating with Zero, and 3)it was all based on a
dream I had so ppptttttthhhh!!!! ;)

All: Shut up ya loser!

Also, I wrote all this in one day, which is something
I've never done. Usually with my other stories I write a
few pages a day, off and on, then spend days editing and
mailing it out to pre-readers, but I don't think I'll do
that with this one. The idea for this actually came to
me in a dream I had this morning, where I dreamed all
the events that took place in the ball-room, and I just
had to write it (You KNOW you've been reading too many
fanfic when you start dreaming about new ones...)

Clayton: He's got a point

Anyway, I woke up and could still remember the dream and
just felt possessed to write it, so let me know what you
think of it.

Gene: 9.0
Aeka: 7.5
Ryoko: 10.0
Tenchi: 9.5
Clayton: 9.7
Aisha: I'm hungry

Oh, and as a last note, no, this does not have ANYTHING
to do with my other Tenchi fanfic, Love's Labor Lost,
which I'm still working on but have taken a short break
from as I've been rather obsessed lately with writing my
Ranma fic, Purple Haired Destiny,

Aeka: I'd better not be in that!

(from which I took a
break from working on chapter three to write this.)

Anyway, let me know what you think. I LOVE C&C of all
kinds, so send any and all comments to me!

Thanks for reading!

Ryan Anderson
andersor@cs.colorado.edu
http://ucsu.colorado.edu/~andersor/tenchi/ryoko.html






