DISCLAIMER: I do not own any of these characters.  Smolken belongs perhaps
to Roger Corman, Zap Rowsdower belongs to a guy who comes from a long line
of great anuses, and Garlic Junior belongs to the evil forces behind
Dragonball Z.  Washu and all the Tenchi Muyo! characters in the fic being
MSTd belong to Pioneer/AIC.  The Garlic Press is a ripoff of King Siva's
Crushing Press from Dragon Half, which I'm sure belongs to somebody else
as well, but I'm too lazy to do my research.

INTRODUCTION:
     Based on the growth in Tenchi's courage when faced with powerful
villains and nasty situations, Washu developed a hypothesis that exposure
to really terrible fanfics could cause Tenchi to grow a pair of balls.
Some preliminary calculations indicated that in order to test the
hypothesis fully, she needed to subject a wide range of personalities to
said fanfics: a hero, a madman and a demon.  These did not take long to
find.  In order to have a small and relatively easy-to-manage demon, she
offered Garlic Junior a sort of work-release program from his eternal
prison (the terms, unluckily for him, include a prohibition on killing,
enslaving or physically harming the other MSTers, and will be enforced by
Washu's tentacle monster).  The madman is the digger Smolken, and the hero
is Canada's greatest, Zap Rowsdower.  Washu tricked these two into losing
bets with her (something to do with the relative durability of carrots
and skulls), then used her dimensional transporter to bring all three
to her lab.  A simple explanation, but simple ones are often best...
     Having thus begun, Project Corpseflower's experiments now continue
with "Throwing Up" by Yvone.

THE CAST will be introduced by puppets:

Washu
Washu puppet A: She is Washu!
Washu puppet B: She is a genius!
Washu puppet A: She is the greatest!
Washu puppet B: She is the cutest!
Washu puppets: Hooray for Washu!

Zap Rowsdower (ZR)
Rowsdower puppet A: He is filthy!
Rowsdower puppet B: He is a drunk!
Rowsdower puppet A: He used to be a lawyer!
Rowsdower puppet B: He is a nice person!
Rowsdower puppets: Hooray for Rowsdower!

Garlic Junior (GJ)
Garlic Junior puppet A: He is evil!
Garlic Junior puppet B: He is a demon!
Garlic Junior puppet A: He is a wannabe Kami!
Garlic Junior puppet B: He is on a work-release program!
Garlic Junior puppets: Hooray for Garlic Junior!

the digger Smolken (DS)
Smolken puppet A: Rat coffin filth corpse!
Smolken puppet B: Rat coffin filth corpse!
Smolken puppet A: Rat coffin filth corpse!
Smolken puppet B: Rat coffin filth corpse!
Smolken puppets: Rat coffin filth corpse death!

And now, let's just get straight to the MST, shall we?

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Throwing Up

     ZR: That's the second sign that this is going to be really bad.
     DS: What was the first?
     ZR: That Washu is making us watch it.
     DS: Oh, right.

By Yvone (Darla) InocentBystandr1@msn.com

     GJ: Yvone or Darla?  Make up your mind!
     ZR (author): OK, my name is Bobby and I'm a ten year old boy.

Disclaimer: These aren't my characters made from my perverted
imagination. No,

     GJ (author): ...I lack the imagination to make up my own
       characters.
     ZR (author): I also lack the brains to keep someone else's
       characters in character.
     DS (author): I also lack basic social skills, and a life.
     ZR: Oh, you're one to talk about lacking social skills...

these belong to someone else. But the actions and
words are mine. -=laughs evilly=- that's right bitch. Charles In Charge.

     DS: Charles?  In charge?  It it Charlemagne?
     GJ: Ray Charles?
     ZR: No, no, it's a reference to an idiotic American TV show.

Um and don't sue me because I'm not making any money off of this.

     ZR (author): Just tell me what a horrible writer I am, and what
       my shortcomings as a person are.
     GJ: Oh, we'll do that, and more!

The
only thing I'm getting out of this is :

A.) The chance to make people laugh

     DS: At you, perhaps.  With you, no.

B.) The chance to make people cringe

     ZR: Try us.  We've probably read far worse.
     GJ: The only thing that makes them cringe is my comments!

C.) The chance to encourage people to send hate mail about how their
favorite character was verbally abused

     GJ: How about we just verbally abuse you right here instead?

D.) All of the above

And the answer is.... D. Too bad I'm not a millionaire... (Damn you Regis
>_<)

     DS (enraged author): DAMN YOU, REGIS!  DAMN YOU STRAIGHT TO HELL!
       I HOPE YOU BURN AND SUFFER FOR ALL ETERNITY!  I HOPE THE WORM THAT
       DIES NOT TORMENTS YOU AND EATS YOUR FLESH FOREVER!
     ZR: What the hell is wrong with you?
     DS: Just trying to get into the spirit.

It was was lovely day out. The palm trees waved to the sailors

     ZR: Great... first throwing up, now sailors... this is going to be
       a very disgusting gay lemon, isn't it?
     GJ: I hope so!

as the
magenta sunset led the sun below the glossy blue ocean. Tenchi,
Yosho, and Noboyuki's glances were fixated on the languid beauty of
nature....

     GJ (Noboyuki): Ooooh, breasts...

not to mention the scantilly clad young women in their bikinis

     ZR: I thought that's what "the languid beauty of nature" was
       supposed to be?
     DS: Me too.
     GJ: Me too.

running around frantically, their breasts like jelatin in an earthquake.

     DS: Ah.  I see.  "The languid beauty of nature" refers to the
       women who are standing still.  The ones who are running are
       the non-languid beauty of nature.

Then their attention came over to the men,

     GJ (Tenchi): Oooh, men!  I like those better!

as they ran after the
women squirting them with water guns. Yoshi licked his lips

     ZR: Who the hell's Yoshi?
     DS: Probably just Yosho with a typo.
     GJ (Yosho): Mmmmmm... men!
     ZR: I don't like where this is going...

at the site of
the women running, mumbling some naughty things not meant for little
children's ears.

      ZR: Oh.  Well, at least there's hope this will be a hererosexual
        lemon.

Tenchi raised an eyebrow as he looked up at his
grandfather.

"I'd like to get a piece of that ass." Yosho let slip as he watched a
brown haired girl, wondering if she had brown hair....everywhere.

      DS: Yes.  Everywhere.  Especially on her back, ass, and breasts.
        Lots of it.

"I didn't know you were into celulite, Grandpa."

      ZR (Yosho): I did not know you were into getting your ass kicked
        for disrespecting your elders, young fool!

Tenchi smirked as he
made the comment, standing and dusting himself off.

      GJ: He'd have to, after Yosho kicked his ass.

Clad in blue shorts
and nothing more.

      ZR: Thank goodness for small favors.  At least he's not wearing
        a pink leather thong.

Just then Ayeka and Ryoko showed up, beside
Tenchi, both having a hold of a limb.

      DS (Ayeka): We brought you some pine limbs, Tenchi.  Do you like
        them?

Pressumably his arms. Ryoko in a
red bikini and Ayeka in a blue one piece. "Figures" Tenchi thought as he
looked them over.

      ZR (Tenchi): Ayeka's figure is nice, but I like Ryoko's better.

He soon found himself quite excited and felt he
needed to "release" some tension, and quick.

      GJ: Enter the lemon logic!
      ZR (Tenchi): There are girls here!  Oooh!  That makes me so horny!
        I cannot contain myself and must masturbate!
      GJ: You do that too well... remind you of your own life, perhaps?
      ZR: Shut the hell up.

So he got loose of their
claws and casually walked to the bathroom, conviently placed smack
dab in the middle of the beach, where no one could hear him.

     DS: ...however, thanks to the glass walls, everyone could see him.

He walked
into a stall, closing it behind him and stood facing the door. He unzipped
his pants and wrapped his hand around his average sized manhood,

     ZR: Why do all lemon authors need to tell us how large Tenchi's
        penis is?

sliding up and down repeatedly, with an occasional look for "intruders".
After some while he began to get excited,

     GJ: I thought he already was...
     DS: You can't expect these authors to remember what they wrote a
       paragraph ago.

feeling his fluids building up,

     ZR: Well, my bile is building up from being forced to watch this
       garbage.

like Mount St. Helens ready to spill it's contents out to the world. He
figured that Mount St. Helens was too much of a girly name to name a
penis.

     ZR: He figured correctly!

So he stuck with Old Faithful. He begin to moan loudly as his hand
movements got quicker by the second, his impatience really showing. He
gave a finally squeal

     DS (Tenchi squealing): Finally.

as his cum spilled all over the bathroom floor, in a
little puddle on the tiles.

     ZR: Good - the lemon scene was over quickly.
     GJ: I hope there's more than this...

"That'll leave a stain." he said to himself as he gently massaged his dick
after his orgasm. Just then Ayeka and Ryoko walked into the bathroom,
looking around.

     GJ (Ryoko): Let's see... we saw him walk into the bathroom in the
       middle of the beach... we've spent five minutes looking for him
       everywhere else...
     ZR (Ayeka): I know!  Let's look in the bathroom!

"Tenchi!?" they called out in harmony as they began looking under the
stalls. He peaked through the crack seeing this

     GJ: Digger Smolken - do you care to translate?
     DS: I will try.  There was some crack cocaine which was seeing Ayeka
       and Ryoko as they were looking under the stalls.  Through smoking
       this crack, Tenchi reached the peak of his athletic ability, which
       gradually declined in the later seasons.
     ZR: Wait... how can crack see?  Crack does not have eyes!  Have you
       been smoking some?
     DS: That I cannot know, for I am mad!
     ZR: I think you are on crack...

and stood crouching on
the toilet seat. He slowly zipped his pants up not to make any sound.

     ZR: Note to author... he's on a beach.  Why is he wearing zippered
       shorts?  Salt water rusts metal zippers.
     DS: I fear pants with zippers.  Too modern for me.

Then Ryoko and Ayeka looked under his stall, he could tell. Just the
warmth of Ryoko's body heat filled the air, making him horny all over
again.

     GJ: Warm air is enough to make this guy horny?
     DS: This is a lemon.  Carrots are enough to make characters horny
       in these stories.

Ryoko examined the white puddle on the floor and looked to
Ayeka as she scooped a little with her index finger. She sniffed it and
made a disgusted face at Ayeka.

     ZR (Ryoko): He could have me and look at what he's doing instead!

"Either one of three things. Someone had a VERY old cupcake and
detests frosting,

     GJ (Ryoko): ...though I just sniffed it and frosting smells
       quite different...

they accidently spilled a little sour milk while eating,

     GJ (Ryoko): ...though I just sniffed it and sour milk smells
       quite different...

or

     DS (Ryoko): ...they intentionally spilled a little sour milk
       while eating, or they accidentally spilled a little sour
       milk while not eating, or they intentionally spilled a little
       sour milk while not eating, or...

we've struck gold." Ayeka stood back knowing it was #3 and Ryoko
kicked the door open, revealing Tenchi, crouching on the toilet seat.

     GJ (Confucius): Man who crouch on toilet high on pot.

"Um, wow what great educated guesses. Yep you got me. Darn
cupcakes." he laughed nervously, hoping they'd believe him.

     DS (Ayeka): I don't believe you!  I know very well you do not
       detest frosting!

"Tenchi you look a little tense..." Ryoko said smirking

     ZR (Tenchi): Well, I am being stalked in the bathroom by a space
       pirate demon and an alien princess... I've got reason to be
       tense!

as Ayeka and her
pulled him out of the stall and dragged him onto the floor. They ripped
his shorts off revealing Old Faithful, limp and pleased. "Ha! Old
Faithful...
looks like the Leaning Tower of Pisa to me!" Ryoko thought.

     DS: And how does she know what he calls his penis?
     ZR: We don't want to know, do we?

Then Ryoko
and Ayeka quickly stripped off their clothes. Ayeka got ontop of Tenchi,
sliding it into her.

     GJ: "It" being limp and pleased?  There's something very, very wrong
       with this picture.
     ZR: Yet another author who has no understanding of human sexuality.
       What else did you expect?

He was so very grossed out,

     DS: We are so very confounded...

now appreciating clothes
on Ayeka a lot more than he did before. Along with the inventor of the
bra.

     ZR: Wait... is Tenchi appreciating clothes on the inventor of the
       bra along with appreciating clothes on Ayeka, or are both Tenchi
       and the inventor of the bra appreciating clothes on Ayeka?
     DS: I do not know, for I am mad!

Ryoko watched, mad that Ayeka got to "ride" first.

     GJ: Now that sounds like the Ryoko we all know.  Standing and watching,
       but keeping her anger contained.  After all, it's only Ayeka having
       sex with Tenchi.  No big deal to Ryoko.

By the look of
Tenchi's face, he was still grossed out.

     ZR (Tenchi): These girls make me horny but sex with them is gross!
     GJ: That makes about as much sense as... well... a typical fanfic,
       I'd say.
     DS: I am getting the idea that the author is ten years old and has
       heard about masturbation, but still thinks girls are icky.

He didn't want

     GJ: ...to get cooties.

his pride and the
only thing that identified him as a TRUE man to be swallowed up into her
abyss...or what seemed as deep as one.

     GJ: Don't worry about it, Tenchi.  It's not a big deal - you're not
       a true man anyway.
     ZR: Can you leave humiliating the characters to the author?

Even the thought of Ryoko
made him shudder. Both of them, all over him. I mean, when he thought
about it,

     ZR: ...girls are icky!

Ayeka was

     ZR: ...a girl, and that makes her icky!

this stuck up alien bitch who was supposed to be
the poster child for decent exposure, and Ryoko was

     ZR: ...also a girl, and also icky!

some space demon
clone of Washuu who was probably older than grandpa Yosho and still a
virgin! After an orgasm Ayeka got off

     DS: So she had two orgasms?
     ZR: How can she have even one raping a guy who's limp and pleased?
     GJ: Anything can happen in fanficion...

and Tenchi ran out of the
bathroom, frightened like a 5 year old on Halloween.

     GJ: ...and Ryoko just stood there and let him escape.  Right.
     ZR: That's not really any more out of character than a typical
       character in a fanfic, is it?
     GJ: It goes against everything Ryoko is and everything she's ever
       desired.
     DS: So, a little more out of character than average, I'd say.

He ran back to Yosh
and Noboyuki who were watching the sunset. They looked at the naked
boy, covering his manhood.

     ZR (Yosho): Hey!  You're blocking the sunset!
     GJ (Noboyuki): I see your pubic hair still isn't growing much.
       I am ashamed to have such a son!

"Tenchi, what happened to you? I didn't think fish were that fiesty."
Yosho said shifting his glasses upon the bridge of his nose.

     DS (Tenchi): Actually, the Mexican fish are having a fiesta today.
       I suppose that would make them "fiesty", if "fiesty" were a real
       word.

"Actually once I went skinny dipping and --"

     DS (Noboyuki): ...I told this fish that looked like Bart Simpson
       to eat my shorts, and it did, even though I wasn't wearing any!
       Later, it turned out I was trapped in a moronic crossover fanfic!

"No no no!" Tenchi yelled cutting Noboyuki off in the middle of his
disgusting sentence that he did not....COULD not, fathom in his mind.

     ZR: Apparently, however, the digger Smolken's mind can and did fathom
       something... whatever it was...

"Ayeka and Ryoko mugged me in the bathroom, then Ayeka raped me!"

     ZR (Tenchi): And they're icky, icky girls!  They gave me cooties!

he said, shivering. Just then a couple of guys from his school walked by
laughing and pointing and whsitling.

     ZR: Whsitling... is that one of those new extreme sports that kids
       are into these days?
     DS: I haven't heard of it, so it probably is.  The kids today...

"Nice ass Masaki!" yelled one as the clamored about the naked boy on
the non-nude beach. Tenchi looked back at them to see what they had
to say about what happened.

"Well?" he said wondering why they were silent. And for a while they did
remain silent. Then they finally spoke.

     GJ (guy from school): Very nice ass, Masaki!

"How were you able to look at Ayeka while she was raping you without
throwing up?" Yosho asked.

     ZR: Well, I certainly did not see that line coming...
     DS: There's your one line of unpredictablity and originality.
       It's still moronic, of course, but enjoy it... it's all we're
       going to get.

"Well I DID throw up sorta..." Tenchi said embarressed.

"I mean through the mouth you dick head." snapped Yosho, wanting to
know his "secret".

     GJ: Damit!  I'm disappointed!  I thought this fic was going to
       have tons of vomiting in it, and it turns out it's about NOT
       throwing up!  This sucks!
     ZR: I can't say I feel your pain.

"I just imagined it was my own hand, only larger and wetter." Tenchi
said proudly.

     ZR: How is that something to be proud of?
     GJ: Note to author... do not write stories about sex until
       you've at least hit puberty.

Noboyuki and Yosho mumbled and whispered among
themselves.

     ZR (Noboyuki): Who wrote this crap?
     DS (Yosho): I don't know, but whoever it is can't be older than
       ten.
     ZR (Noboyuki): The writing is on about a third-grade level.
     DS (Yosho): But the sex scenes are more first-grade.

"This is why the boy will never get laid by a REAL woman." Noboyuki
stated.

     ZR (Tenchi): Of course not!  Girls are icky!  Yvone told me so!

The End

     GJ: Good.  It's over.

Hehe that really kind of sucked.

     GJ: Not "kind of".  That really sucked.
     ZR: All together now...
     All MSTers: That really sucked.

Oh well maybe I'll

     ZR: Sit on a porcupine!
     DS: Drown in a cesspit!
     GJ: DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE!

try harder next time,
eh?

     ZR: Please don't try, eh?
     DS: Eh!
     GJ: Extremely eh!
     ZR: What?
     GJ: Nothing, you're being Canadian again...

Thus, Washu's fifth experiment is complete, the characters return
to their own separate realities, and Rowsdower is still Canadian.

AUTHOR'S NOTES: Direct any comments, ire or raven skulls to
smolken@spacemoose.com.  Thans to ryu??? for suggesting this fic
as a good target, and to countless MSTers (at least the good ones)
for inspiration.  I've decided to give up on having micro-fics at
the beginning and end, and just stick to the MSTing.  But I've
retained the moment of Zen, and here it is:

He figured that Mount St. Helens was too much of a girly name to name a
penis.