Project Corpseflower MST #2: "Nobuyuki's Secret"

DISCLAIMER: I do not own any of these characters.  Smolken belongs perhaps
to Roger Corman, Zap Rowsdower belongs to a guy who comes from a long line
of great anuses, and Garlic Junior belongs to the evil forces behind
Dragonball Z.  Washu and all the Tenchi Muyo! characters in the fic being
MSTd belong to Pioneer/AIC.  The Garlic Press is a ripoff of King Siva's
Crushing Press from Dragon Half, which I'm sure belongs to somebody else
as well.

INTRODUCTION:
     Based on the growth in Tenchi's courage when faced with powerful
villains and nasty situations, Washu developed a hypothesis that exposure
to really terrible fanfics could cause Tenchi to grow a pair of balls.
Some preliminary calculations indicated that in order to test the
hypothesis fully, she needed to subject a wide range of personalities to
said fanfics: a hero, a madman and a demon.  These did not take long to
find.  In order to have a small and relatively easy-to-manage demon, she
offered Garlic Junior a sort of work-release program from his eternal
prison (the terms, unluckily for him, include a prohibition on killing,
enslaving or physically harming the other MSTers, and will be enforced by
Washu's tentacle monster).  The madman is the digger Smolken, and the hero
is Canada's greatest, Zap Rowsdower.  Washu tricked these two into losing
bets with her (something to do with the relative durability of carrots
and skulls), then used her dimensional transporter to bring all three
to her lab.  A simple explanation, but simple ones are often best...
     Thus, Project Corpseflower's experiments continue with "Nobuyuki's
Secret" by a certain Mr. Sinister.

THE CAST will be introduced by puppets:

Washu
Washu puppet A: She is Washu!
Washu puppet B: She is a genius!
Washu puppet A: She is the greatest!
Washu puppet B: She is the cutest!
Washu puppets: Hooray for Washu!

Zap Rowsdower (ZR)
Rowsdower puppet A: He is filthy!
Rowsdower puppet B: He is a drunk!
Rowsdower puppet A: He used to be a lawyer!
Rowsdower puppet B: He is a nice person!
Rowsdower puppets: Hooray for Rowsdower!

Garlic Junior (GJ)
Garlic Junior puppet A: He is evil!
Garlic Junior puppet B: He is a demon!
Garlic Junior puppet A: He is a wannabe Kami!
Garlic Junior puppet B: He is on a work-release program!
Garlic Junior puppets: Hooray for Garlic Junior!

the digger Smolken (DS)
Smolken puppet A: Rat!
Smolken puppet B: Coffin!
Smolken puppet A: Filth!
Smolken puppet B: Corpse!
Smolken puppets: Death!

[in Washu's laboratory, the cast is seated around a small table near the
theater doors]
     Washu: I think Smolken's puppets need a little adjustment... they have
too much of his personality in them.  That is not important right now,
though.  I have another fic for you to MST, and I also have the Garlic
Press ready.
     ZR: I'm looking forward to this...
     GJ: I'm not!
     DS: I do not know, for I am mad!
     ZR: How does it work?
     Washu: It is a non-lethal hentai stun device in the form of a large
        block of stone.  You two have to yell "GARLIC PRESS!" and pull
        these ropes which will mysteriously appear when they are needed.
        Both of you have to do it at the same time, to keep the Garlic
        Press from being overused.
     DS: Can we try it now?
     Washu: Certainly, but I must warn you - I need to have good readings
        from Garlic Junior, so if you two whack him on the head too much,
        I'll have to run some other experiments on you as punishment.
     ZR: OK... well, let's try it!
     ZR and DS (pulling ropes): GARLIC PRESS!
     (A huge block of stone with the words "YE OLDE GARLIC PRESS" drops
        from the ceiling on Garlic Junior's head.)
     GJ (from beneath the stone): I hate all of you.  But probably not
        equally.
     Washu: That works, so into the theater, you three!
     ZR: Can we test it more thoroughly?
     Washu: No.  It's time for today's MST experiment.
     (Garlic Junior grumbles and squeezes out from beneath the stone block,
        Washu places metal discs on the MSTers foreheads, they enter the
        theater and she locks them in.)

Hey this is my first lemon.

     GJ: Ah, first lemons... so tender, juicy, easy to rip into...

Please enjoy. Ohh and I dont own any of
that copy right junk,
BLAH BLAH

     ZR: Translation: don't sue.
     GJ: Just smash his teeth and shove the pieces up his urinary tract
        instead.
     ZR: Was that really called for?
     DS: I suspect very soon we will see that it was.

Nobuyuki's Secret.

     DS: Is he?
     ZR: If he's supposed to be secret, they're not concealing him very
        well.

By
Mr. Sinister

     ZR: Well, it rhymes, but it's not very original.
     GJ: Perhaps he should change it to Mr. Canister.

This takes place after the girls hear about Tenchi's new girlfriend in
Tokyo

     ZR: AARRGH!  SHIN TENCHI CONTINUITY!
     GJ: A note to all you intentionally bad authors out there: all you
        have to do to annoy most readers is imply Shin Tench continuity.
        Have Ryo-Ohki turn into a giant robot, or just say "dimensional
        tunnel".
     ZR: AARGH!  DON'T SAY THAT!
     GJ: See?
     DS: But don't kill Sakuya.  If you do, at least half the previously
        annoyed Shin-Tenchi-haters will cheer instead.

and they want
to visit him, but they need to get money so they are trying to steal
Nobuyuki's money.

     DS: Let's recap: they need money, to have money they need to get
        money, to get the money they are trying to steal money, the money
        they are trying to steal is Noboyuki's money, which being
        Noboyuki's money is money which belongs to Noboyuki, so they are
        trying to steal Noboyuki's money from Noboyuki who has Noboyuki's
        money, which being Noboyuki's money belongs to Noboyuki.
     ZR: Thank you.  You're more annoying than the author.

The
scene is the living room.

"WHERE IS IT??!!" Ryoko screamed into Nobuyuki's ear.

     DS: Did Mr. Sinister see the episode in question?  Ryoko was not
        interested in finding the money or taking a train to Tokyo,
        because she could fly there anytime she wanted.
     ZR (Mr. Sinister): Continuity is for the weak and stupid!  I am above
        such foolish things as continuity!

"Where is what? Replied Nobuyuki

     DS (Ryoko): Your missing quotation mark.

"THE MONEY" Said Royko

"Please tell us where it is, we want to see Tenchi" said Sesami

     GJ (Sasami): Don't call me Sesami!  I'm turning evil and changing my
        name to Susami!

"Yeah and we want to see him with Sakua. Tenchi belongs to me, and only
me" said
Ryoko quietly

     DS: Doesn't he belong to Pioneer and AIC?
     ZR: Well, he may, but don't tell Ryoko that... she wouldn't handle the
        news very well.

"Look I'm getting sick and tired of you girls always taking my money.

     ZR: Right.  How often do they take it, exactly?

IT'S MINE. If you
want to see Tenchi go get a job and make your own money. I work day and
......"
Nobuyuki suddenly stopped while he felt a hard fist into his stomach
coming from Ryoko.

     DS (Noboyuki): Hold on here.  I have a fist to feel... this is gonna
        take a while.
     ZR: Perhaps the author meant "when", not "while".

"No why did you do that?" Mehoshi said looking really worried.

     DS (Kiyone): Yes why didn't you do that?
     GJ (Ryoko): Maybe why did I didn't that?
     ZR (Ayeka): No eh why is we all talkin like idiots huh?

She had
one tear coming
from her left eye while she ran and grabbed Nobuyuki before he fell to
the floor.

"That was a bit harsh, but it was acceptable. Since we do need the
money to see Lord
Tenchi" Aeka said, with her snotty nose up high.

     ZR (Ryoko): Let me wipe that snot off for you.

"Yeah please let us have the money to see Tenchi, we only care for him"
Kyone said with
a little worried look on her.

     ZR (Sasami): Hey, did you know there's a little worried look sitting
        on your shoulder?

"And if you don't give us the money I can use you as a ginney pig"

     DS (Noboyuki): But I hate gin!  I can't stand the smell of juniper
        berries.

Washu said with an
evil grin on her face.

     DS: That would be Washu, who also had no interest in finding the
        money.
     ZR: What I wouldn't give for a little continuity right now...
     GJ (Mr. Sinister as the continuity Nazi): No continuity for you!

"THATS IT!!! I HAVE HAD ENOUGH OF YOU GIRLS. I ACCEPTED YOU ALL TO
LIVE IN MY HOUSE BUT THIS IS HOW YOU REPAY ME. BY BEATING ME !!!!"
Nobuyuki said extremely angry.

     GJ (Noboyuki): And you don't even let me peep!

"What are you gonna do about it?? Hahaha old man your only human,

     ZR: What about his only human?  And why does he have a human,
        anyway?
     DS: He shouldn't - I thought slavery was outlawed in Japan.

NOW
GIVE US
THE MONEY" Ryoko said, clenching her right fist together.

"GET OUT NOW, LEAVE OR ELSE......" bam another punch right into
Nobuyuki's
stomach. Blood came out of his mouth and nose.

     DS: Yes, bad grammar can cause severe injury.

"No please stop Ryoko' said Mihoshi, she was crying as she held
Nobuyuki once again.

"Shut up, you stupid idiot" Ryoko said while Kyone grabbed Mihoshi.

     ZR: Standard Galaxy Police procedure to be applied when your partner
        is attempting to prevent a known space pirate from beating and
        robbing an innocent man.
     GJ: Unless she grabbed her by, say, the breasts, in which case we're
        in for the lemon scene a little faster than usual.
     ZR: GARLIC PRESS!  Hey, Smolken, you with me on this?
     DS: I do not know why I should be.  What Garlic Junior said is quite
        reasonable.  If Kiyone did grab Mihoshi's breasts, an impending
        lemon scene is, indeed, likely.
     Rowsdower growls.

Then  Ryoko
slapped Mihoshi and she fell onto the ground crying and holding her
left cheek.

     GJ (Mihoshi): Kiyone, don't grab my ass-cheeks so hard!  They're very
        sensitive!

Nobuyuki looked at Ryoko with fire in his eyes and said " THATS IT.
YOUVE HIT THE
LAST STRAW"

     GJ (Ryoko): No, I hit Mihoshi.
     DS: I've heard Mihoshi called a lot of things, but "the last straw"
        would be a new one.

"HAHAHA I WANT TO SEE WHAT YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT" said Ryoko

Nobuyuki stood up, removed his glasses and started to scream
'AHHHHHHHHHH' .

     ZR (Noboyuki): I CAN'T SEE!  MY GLASSES!  WHERE ARE MY GLASSES?
     DS (Ryoko): Uh, in your hand.
     ZR (Noboyuki): Oh.  Right.

Then his eyes started to burn with fire

     DS: Ouch.  That must hurt.

and his hair slowly started to
raise into the air.

     ZR (Noboyuki): I feel a draft.  Do you feel a draft?

He
started the twitch as his muscle started to grow and grow, his shirt
ripped showing his
muscles as they where still growing.

     DS: And growing and growing and grow and grow.
     ZR: And thesaurus and thesaurus and thesaurus and thesaurus, damit!

Nobuyuki's hair stood at and end
as it slowly started
to turn blonde, then slowly his eyes started to turn into a blue ish
green while his eyebrows
turned yellow, the same hair color as his hair.

     GJ: Noboyuki - the fat, lumpy, flabby Super Saiya-jin!
     ZR (Ryoko): Are you superdeformed, or just that badly out-of-shape?

He stood up strait with
his fists at chest
height. At the end of his transformation, he was absolutely huge.

     GJ: Is author saying he got an erection, too?
     ZR: This is a lemon, isn't it?  That figures to be the most important
        part of the whole SSJ transformation here.

All
the girls looked at
him in fear except Ryoko and Washu.

     DS: Perhaps they were terrified by his flabby mass.
     ZR (Ayeka): Oh no!  He'll keep growing and crush us all!

"Nice trick" said the calm Washu, "But you're not doing much."

     ZR (Noboyuki): Oh, come on.  I spent ten minutes twitching and
        screaming.  That's a lot of hard work!

The transformed Nobuyuki looked at Ryoko, then he grabbed her and threw
her outside of
the house to the large lake.

     ZR: Oooh, big man, picking on Shin Tenchi Ryoko.
     DS (Kain from "Tenchi Muyo In Love"): Hey, why don't you pick on an
        equally ridiculously overpowered character?

Nobuyuki flew after as the other girls
followed."

     ZR (Washu): Let's not do or say anything, just follow!  That makes
        sense!

Look I gave
you a warning but now it's too late, I'm gonna teach you all a lesson,
and especially you
Ryoko for hitting Mihoshi."

     DS (Noboyuki): I'll pound your skulls in with a carrot!
     ZR: Right, that's what "teaching a lesson" means in bad fic parlance.

As he hovered over Ryoko, she flew up and
hit him in the
stomach again, but the new and extremely powerful Nobuyuki didn't even
move an inch.

"WHAAAAAAAT!!" said the confused Ryoko

     GJ: Dragonball Z standard procedure, that's what.  Weaker characters
        can hit more powerful characters in the stomach with no effect.
        However, they will never pick up on this and will be surprised
        every time.

"It's my turn!" Nobuyuki said. Then he punched Ryoko in the face. She
flew strait into the
lake. He looked and turned at the other girls. He flew towards them and
he grabbed
Kyono before she was able to get her lazer gun out of her gun holder.

     ZR: Right.  Never, ever have your weapon drawn and ready for battle
        when you're in the middle of one.
     GJ: More GP standard procedure according to Mr. Sinister.
     ZR (GP Commissioner): Get me this Mr. Sinister who wrote our new
        standard procedure manual!  I'm personally going to stomp his face
        in!

He flew up around
30 feet into the air and started to slap her hard. He didn't stop until
she was bleeding and
out cold. After a couple of hard slaps, she was out and he dropped her.
Then he started to
power up a blast ,

     DS: ...while, in the meantime, everybody else stood around doing
        nothing.
     GJ: Having more than one person doing something at the same time would
        be too much for Mr. Sinister's already overtaxed brain.

then he shot it at Aeka. The blast ripped through
her shield and hit Aeka
in the chest, she went flying into Sesami and Ryo-Ohki, she hit them
out cold.

     ZR: A convenient plot hole, isn't it?  Sasami and Ryo-Ohki haven't
        done anything, so we'll "accidentally" hit them with Ayeka.
     DS: What are they, pro wrestling referees?  Somebody runs into them
        and they're out cold?

"You said it
was fake Washu.

     DS: Fake Washu?  Is Noboyuki pretending to be a little girl or making
        voodoo dolls of Washu?  I do not know, for I am mad!

Now you can feel how fake it really is. HAHAHA"

"I'm not done with you yet.." said a Ryoko as she flied out of the lake
with blood all
around her.

     DS: Flying with blood around her?  I'm trying to imagine that, but I
        cannot know what it would look like, for I am mad!
     GJ: Is she in a halo of blood, a blob of blood, or a Saturnesque ring
        of blood?
     ZR: Is the author too stupid to write "blood all over her"?
     DS: It would seem that way, but I do not know, for I am mad!
     ZR: Uh, right.  We know.
     DS: You may know, but I do not, for I am mad!
     ZR: You're annoying, that's what you are!
     DS: I do not know whether I am annoying, for I am mad!
     (Rowsdower shakes his head and sighs.)

"Becareful Ryoko, He's very powerful but you might have a chance" said
Washu, then she
thought * She's doomed*

     ZR: As opposed to thinking "run away" or "find some invention to take
        this guy down" or "why are we all stupid all of a sudden?" or
        something else intelligent.
     DS: Well, you know, the characters can't act any more intelligently
        than the author is capable of writing them.  Therefore, logically,
        everyone will act like a moron for the entire fic.
     GJ: You know, you're making a lot of sense for a supposedly insane
        person.
     DS: I do not know whether I am making sense, for I am mad!
     ZR (to Garlic Junior): Don't provoke him, OK?  Unless you want to
        spend the next half hour listening to "I do not know, for I am
        mad!"

Yosho heard all she shouting, screaming and the blasts from the shrine.
So he got up and
ran towards the house. He looked at Nobuyuki, laughed and said " Well
Raditz it looks
like your up to your old tricks again"

     ZR (Yosho): Killing girls and whatnot.  That's funny.  Hahahaha!
     DS: So Noboyuki's secret is that he is Raditz?  That would explain
        the strong resemblance between the two, except that there isn't
        one.

At the battle Nobuyuki started to beat on Ryoko until she was out. He
kept on giving her
the old Jab-Punch-Jab, he kept it simple so that Ryoko could block it,
but she was too
slow and he was way too powerful.

     ZR: So could she block it, or could she not?
     DS: I do not know, for I am mad!

He gave her another jab then a final
uppercut to finish
her off. She was out, in another dimension but not dead.

     ZR: Great.  Now we've got a censored Robotech crossover, too.
     GJ: Gotta love these censored lemons that won't "kill" anyone, but
        will give you sex in lots of detail.

Then Nobuyuki
pointed his finger
at Washu an gave her a little blast that would knock her out. Yosho
looked the girls and
wondered why Nobuyuki didn't get Mihoshi. "Ahh I see now. It looks like
he may have
feelings for her"

     GJ: Yes.  He really hates her, so he saved her for the slow torment of
        the bad lemon part.

Then he turned around and walked back to his shrine.

     ZR: He's a Shinto priest - surely, he won't mind a bunch of corpses
        rotting around his house.  He definitely wouldn't attend to the
        wounded.

Nobuyuki landed on the ground and he changed back to him old self. Back
into his human
form,

     ZR: So he's no longer "absolutely huge"?
     DS: He'll have to go SSJ again for the lemon scene, then.

he walked towards the house and picked up his glasses. "Ahh come
on this was my
favorite shirt, but now it's all torn up".

     GJ (Noboyuki): And my pants.  And my underwear.

He put on his glasses and he
saw Mihoshi running
towards him.

     DS (Noboyuki): Oh.  I didn't see you without my glasses.
     GJ (Mihoshi): Put a shirt on, for God's sake!  Nobody wants to see
        your flab!

"WOW!!! That was amazing Nobuyuki, I never knew that you were one of
those special
guys.

     ZR (Noboyuki): I'm not special, I'm just retarded!
     GJ (Mr. Sinister): I'm not just retarded, I'm extremely retarded!

You know the guys that their planet got blown up by Frieza.."
Mihoshi said.

     DS (Noboyuki): Yes, I know those guys.  But why the sudden change of
        subject?

"Ehh you mean a Sayin? Yes thats right I am a Sayin" Nobuyuki replied
to Mihoshi

     GJ (Noboyuki): Yo, know what I'm sayin'?

"Does anyone know?" Mihoshi said looking confused

     GJ (Noboyuki): Yo, know what I'm sayin'?

"My old wife and Yosho. Look I don't want people to know beacuse of my
past.

     ZR (Noboyuki): You know, killing girls a few minutes ago.  That's a
        nasty past to have.
     GJ (Noboyuki): Yo, know what I'm sayin'?
     ZR: All right, that's getting old real fast.

Hey let's
go inside and do into the hot springs pool, and relax"

     DS (Mihoshi): You might want to finish off some of these girls...
        they're not quite dead yet.
     GJ (Kiyone): Actually, I'm getting better.

"Hehehe ohh you, eh ok" Mishoshi said blushing

Nobuyuki replied "Are you alright?"

     GJ (Mihoshi): Yes, but I must reveal to you that I, too, have a
        secret!  I am Android 16!
     ZR: What the hell?
     GJ: Hey, it makes as much sense as Noboyuki being Raditz.
     DS: That, it does.

"Yeah thank you, thanks for saving me back then" Mihoshi said still
blushing

     DS (Mihoshi): Thanks for killing everybody, too!  That was really
        sweet!

They walked inside and went to their rooms to get their swimming suits.
Mihoshi got her
2 piece Bikini. It was dark blue with yellow lacing. Nobuyuki got his
black swimming
trunks.

     DS (Mihoshi): What a coincidence... you have trunks and my secret is
        that I actually am Trunks!

Mihoshi went into the pool while Nobuyuki went into the kitchen
and got a special
bottle of Sucke.

     DS: He had to go all the way to the kitchen to get a special bottle,
        because the rest of the fic is all regular "sucke".
     ZR: I don't know... seems pretty "special" to me.
     GJ (Mr. Sinister): I'm not special, I'm just retarded!
     ZR: We did that line already...
     DS: Yes, but in the case of Mr. Sinister, it bears repeating.

Then he ran to the pool. He saw Mihoshi there and he
slowly walked
towards the pool. Her back was turned at the door so she didn't know he
was there.

     DS: Oh, come on.  All the girls should be used to Noboyuki sneaking
        around to catch a peep and always be looking out for him.

Nobuyuki slowly got into the pool and he put his hand on Mihoshi's
shoulder.

"Ohh I didn't hear you come in" she looked at him with a surprised face
and said " Is that
sucke?"

     ZR: Really, really sucky!  The whole fic is - you should have noticed
        by now.

Nobuyuki said " Yes thats right, but here I see your a bit tense let me
give you a message"

     DS (Noboyuki, handing Mihoshi a piece of paper): This came in the
        mail for you.  It appears to be some sort of message.
     GJ (Mihoshi): Oh look - this message says that I'm not really Mihoshi,
        I'm Funaho!

Mihoshi nodded her head. Then Nobuyuki poured 2 glasses of sucke and he
handed one to
Mihoshi. Mihoshi got up while Nobuyuki opened his legs signaling
Mihoshi to sit down.

     GJ: An interesting method of communication.  Perhaps some Japanese
        custom I'm not familiar with.

She sat down between his legs with her back turned at him. He started
to message her
shoulders

     DS (Noboyuki): Noboyuki to shoulders!  Noboyuki to shoulders!  Come
        in, shoulders!

"Hmmmm this feels soo good" Mihoshi looked up at the celling and she
closed her eyes.
"So will you tell me you past story now? PLEASE?"

     ZR (Noboyuki): Only if you say "pretty please with sugar on top".

"Mishoshi I feel like I cant trust with anything. Ok well about 20
years ago. I came to this
earth to find my brother Kakarot. I came here to tell him to come back
or to kill him.

     DS (Noboyuki): Either tell him to come back or kill him... can't
        remember which, though.
     GJ (Mihoshi): Ah, what's the difference anyway?

But
he was too power full for me and he had 2 power full allies, his son
Gohan and a Namek
named Picolo.

     ZR (Mihoshi): So, you got your ass kicked by a four-year-old?
     GJ: HEY!
     ZR: Oh, what's the matter?  Sorry... I forgot... you got your ass
        kicked by the same little kid when he was only three...
     GJ: SHUT UP, DAMIT!
     ZR: Oh, and we all know how well you managed to get your revenge,
        don't we?
     GJ: I'M GONNA KICK YOUR ASS!
     ZR: Tell me, how is your eternal prison?  Is it nice?
     (Garlic Junior roars and transforms into his big battle form.)
     ZR: Oh, what are you gonna do?  Make Washu send the tentacle monster
        after you?
     (Garlic Junior turns pale, reverts to his normal form and sits down.)
     GJ: I really, really hate you.
     ZR: I assure you, the feeling is mutual.

I was winning until Kakarot held me back and Picolo shot
at me, but at the
last second I was able to dodge the shot.

     GJ (Mr. Sinister): Ignore Piccolo gloating over the fallen Raditz and
        finishing him off.  Ignore the corpse on the battlefield.  Ignore
        Yama-ou subduing Raditz in the afterlife.  These are insignificant
        little details, not enough to break continuity with the DBZ
        storyline.

I had to fly out as fast as I
could, while I had to
lower my power so they couldn't sence me.

     GJ: Raditz was not familiar with the techniques, or even the
        possibility of lowering one's ki, prior to his arrival on Earth.
        He couldn't do this even if he wanted to.

I realized that I wasn't
powerful enough, and
that I had to stay low.

     GJ: Of course, if he did dodge the shot, then Piccolo would be drained
        of all ki and missing an arm, Gohan unconscious, and Kakarotto
        either dead or (if he avoided the shot as well) seriously injured.
        In this situation, running away is what every brave Saiya-jin
        warrior would do.
     ZR: OK, you've made your point... the crossover is ludicrous,
        and extremely poorly handled, yes?
     GJ: Yes.

I came here and met with a beutiful woman, her
father Yosho knew
about my powers and

     ZR: ...immediately contacted Goku and Piccolo.
     DS: Or just kicked Raditz' ass himself.

he helped me train. I hit SuperSayin level but then
I stopped training

     GJ: Anyone who's watched DBZ knows that Super Saiya-jin is reached by
        training, training and only training.  That's how Goku, Vegeta,
        Trunks and Gohan all did it.

because I had a newborn son.."

     GJ: Right.  A very Saiya-jin thing to do.  After all, Kakarotto and
        Vegeta immediately ceased all training when they had children.
     DS: If Tenchi is seventeen, he would have been born three years after
        Raditz arrived on Earth.  That would mean that Raditz continuted to
        lay low while Vegeta and Napa arrived on Earth, and perhaps even
        when Freeza returned.
     GJ: He'd certainly be the most powerful being on Earth while Goku was
        off in space, especially considering he reached SSJ before Vegeta.
     ZR: Forget it, guys.  I think this is a "one tenth of a Shin Tenchi
        episode and the first three and a half episodes of DBZ" crossover.
        After that, continuity went to hell... or at least Edmonton!

"Oh oh I know, thats Tenchi right?" Mihoshi said all excited

     ZR (Noboyuki): No, it's Gene Mesaki, from Mr. Sinister's other crappy
        lemon!
     GJ (Noboyuki): Tenchi has no balls!  He is not my son!

"Yes thats right Mihoshi, well you know the rest of the story.

     DS (Mihoshi): Yes, I did watch the series, but your story doesn't
        seem to have much to do with it.  If we were in the DBZ
        storyline, you'd just "lay low" while Buu destroyed the Earth.

My wife
died and I had to
raise Tenchi myself" Nobuyuki said sounding a bit sad " I never thought
that would meet
any one as beutyful as my wife, but then you came into my life Mihoshi"

     ZR (Mihoshi): Unfortunately, I must confess that "Mihoshi" is only
        a disguise field.  I am, in fact, the mighty Damaramu!

"You mean me? You have had feeling for me all this time?

     DS (Noboyuki): Yes - feeling.  But only one.  Certainly not
        "feelings".

Why didn't you
tell me
anything?" Mihoshi said all confused.

"Well I always thought that you loved Tenchi like the other girls" he
replied

     DS (Mihoshi): Actually, I love the other girls a lot more than I love
        Tenchi.  Especially Ryoko!  She's hot!

"HA?! I dont love Tenchi, I love you" Mihoshi said while she turned
around and sat on his
right lap. She looked at Nobuyuki shile a tear ran down her eyes.

     ZR: Way to go, Mr. Sinister!  That's what I call well-done character
        development!  Showing us how the characters who seemingly have no
        feelings for each other - beyond Noboyuki wanting to peep at all
        the girls - fell in love!
     GJ: And that is what I call sarcasm.

"I love you Mihoshi and I have from the first day I saw you"  Nobuyuki
said while he
looked into those beutyfull blue eyes.

     ZR: So is she "beutyful" or "beutyfull"?  Make up your fucking mind!

Nobuyuki and Mihoshi drew their head towards each other.

     ZR: They only have one head?
     GJ: I thought between the two of them they should have three.
     DS: Maybe they're drawing one on a piece of paper.
     ZR: Hm... that would make a lot more sense.

They lips meet
in a passionate
kiss. They felt like it lastest for eternity.

     DS: Even laster than last - lastest!

Mihoshi slowly put her
tongue into Nobuyuki
mouth, he returned the favor.
Mihoshi broke up the kiss and said " I love you, but this is my first
time, please be gentile"

     GJ (Mihoshi): I hope you're not Jewish!  I fucking hate Jews!
     ZR: Saiya-jin can be Jewish?
     DS (Mihoshi): I must tell you that I am not Mihoshi - I am really
        Adolf Hitler!

"Don't worry my love, you will never be hurt around me"
Mihoshi knelt down on his lap so she can face him and be close. She got
close enough to
feel his hard cock about to rip out of his trunks.

     DS (Mihoshi): Your rooster isn't tender yet.  You should roast it at
        least another 20 minutes.

Nobuyuki had a giant
smile on his face

     DS (Mihoshi): Yaaah!  You have a giant smile on your face!  It looks
        freaky!
     ZR (Noboyuki): Chill out... I'm just being superdeformed.

as
he felt her pussy in her bikini rubbing agains his hard dick.

     ZR: While she's kneeling on his lap?  She's some contortionist!

She put
he hands behind her
back and she started to unravel her bikini, she took off her top and
reveled her beutyfull
light tanned brests with pink nipples.

     ZR: Thank God for small favors.  I was worried she might have green
        nipples or something of that sort.

They are perfectly sized, every
mans dream, perfectly
round, and her tan was amazing, you can see little triangles around her
breasts. You can
see all her tan lines.

     ZR (Mihoshi): Don't get too excited - those breasts aren't real.  I'm
        actually Lina Inverse.

Nobuyuki couldn't belive what was inches from his face. His eyes
widened in shock.

     DS: What is he - an atittist?
     ZR: WHAT?
     DS: You know, like an atheist, only instead of not believing in God,
        he doesn't believe that breasts exist.  Then it would make sense
        that he couldn't believe what was inches from his face.
     GJ: Of course, considering she is Lina Inverse, he'd be right.
     ZR: Oh, forget it...

"Is there something wrong?" Mihoshi said looking worried, " Is there
something wrong
with my figure?"

"No, no, no, Your amazing Mihoshi, your even beutifuller than my last
wife,

     ZR (Noboyuki): You know... my last wife... what the hell was her
        name, anyway?  Ah, guess it wasn't important enough to
        bother remembering.

Im just so
amazed at how beutifull you are"

     ZR (Mihoshi): Oh!  Is that how it is?  Then I will reveal to you my
        secret - I AM ACHIKA!  And you can sleep in the garage!
     GJ: Hey, look - another novel spelling of "beautiful".  This author
        does have original ideas, at least as far as spelling that word
        goes.

Mihoshi looked at Nobuyuki and she had an amazing smile on her face.
They shared in
another passionate kiss. Nobuyuki put his hands on Mihoshis breast and
he started to
message them.

     DS (Noboyuki): Dear breasts... do you really exist?  I don't believe
        in you!  If you are real, give me some sign!

He moved his left hand up higher at Mihoshis neck. He
broke up the kiss
and he started to kiss down the left side of her neck. He went lower
and lower until he got
in between the valley between her breats.

     GJ (Noboyuki): Mmmmmphhpfff!  I can't breathe!

He gave little kisses and
started to kiss her right
breast while he messaged her left breast with his right hand.

     ZR (Noboyuki): Hi... this is right hand... I'm trying to reach left
        breast.  My number is 555-2385...

He
lowered his left and he
grabbed Mihoshis ass, and he started to message it.

      GJ (Noboyuki): Dear ass...
      ZR: All right, that's getting old... let's just assume Mr. Sinister
         meant "massage" and get on with it.

He was kissing and
liking her nipple ,

      GJ: That does make a lot more sense than kissing and hating her
         nipple would.

they thought that they were in totaly extacy, but the best was just
about to come.

      ZR: "Best?"  No, I suspect the story's about to take a downturn
         straight into a lemon-scented toilet.
      DS: Look on the bright side - we'll definitely get to test the Garlic
         Press.
      GJ: Damn you.
      ZR: Well, don't make sick comments!
      GJ: I think it's still worth it!
      ZR: All right... I think we've all reached some sort of understanding
         here.

"Hmmmm this is too good, but I think its time" Mishoshi said, she got
up of Nobuyuki's
lap.

     DS (Noboyuki): Time for what?
     ZR (Mihoshi): Teatime!  I'm not Mihoshi, I'm Queen Elizabeth II of
        England!

She turns over as she bent over.

     GJ: Pick a tense and stuck with it!

Her gorgeus ass was inches next
to his face.

     DS (Noboyuki): Uh, you might want to wipe your ass better.

Then she
slowly lower the lower part of her bikini.

     ZR: ...as she upper the upper part of her bikini.
     GJ: ...as the author lower the lower quality of his grammar.

She lowered it so slowly
that Nobuyuki was
gonna go mad,

     GJ: Yeah, go mad - start having delusions that he's Raditz, viciously
        attacking girls...

his cock just raising again, becomming the biggest he has
ever had.

     DS: So, Noboyuki has a chicken farm with a large young rooster?

She
slowly revelead her asshole. She bent over even lower, her head was
nearly in the water,
then she stepped out of the thong part and threw it aside.

     ZR: OK... if she can do that without falling over... she is an
        acrobat!
     GJ: All right!  Acrobatic lemon scene coming up!

Nobuyuki took of his trunks as fast as he could. He took them off then
Mihoshi looked at
him , and nodded.

     ZR: With approval?
     GJ: I guess so.
     ZR: At least she didn't say "it's sooooooo big".

"I'm ready" she said

She slowly lowered herself on Nobuyuki monster dick. She had seen a
dick before but
only in those love comics and she never thought that Nobuyukis would be
soo big.

     ZR: Right.  Real-life dicks are so much bigger than in "those love
        comics".
     GJ: At least have him go SSJ and be "absolutely huge" so it'll be
        a bit more believable.

His
dick was slowly going into Mihoshis cunt, as she lowed,

     DS: She lowed?  Is she a cow now?
     GJ (Mihoshi): Moooooo!  I'm not really Mihoshi - I'm the cow that
        jumped over the moooooooooooooooon!

she moaned "
HMMMMM"

     DS: That's not what I call a moan!  I call that a "hm".

then
Nobuyuki felt Mihoshis barrier.

He put his hands on her hips, and he brought his waist upwards . With
Mihoshis help he
pushed her downwards onto his dick, while he ripped the barrier, and
pushed his cock
further and further into Mihoshis beutifull pussy.

     ZR: Hey, he's used that "beutifull" spelling already.
     DS: Mr. Sinister's just run out of the only original ideas he had.

"Ouch, that hurts" She yelled , but she was starting to enjoy it " In
and out . In and out,
OHHHHHH"

     DS: Does she need to give him instructions so he doesn't get "in"
        and "out" confused?
     ZR (Mihoshi): In and out, OHHHHHH.  In...
     GJ (Noboyuki): No, wait, we're on "out" now.  You got lost on the
        "OHHHHHH".
     ZR (Mihoshi): Right.  Sorry.  Out... in and out...

*Geez its been nearly 20 years that I have had sex with a woman*
Nobuyuki was thinking.

     GJ: "Geez, sex with a woman would be nice but I'll never get any"
        Mr. Sinister was thinking.
     DS: He'd never think that.
     GJ: What would he think, in your opinion?
     DS: Perhaps something such as "I need my diaper changed but I'm too
        retarded to do it myself".
     GJ: You may have a point.

"I can't belive this Mihoshi, I LOVE YOU" He screamed

     ZR: That's OK.  We can't believe anything that's happened in this
        poorly written piece of garbage so far, either.

Mihoshi started to bounce up and down on his dick,

     ZR: Boingy, boingy, boingy...

and Nobuyuki felt
her ass until he saw
Mihoshis breats starting to bounce up and down. He grabbed her breasts
and started to
message them again...

     ZR (Noboyuki): Noboyuki to breasts...
     GJ: I thought you said that's gotten old.

"OHHHH MY GOD" Mihoshi screamed

     DS (Mihoshi): A MOUSE!  I SAW A MOUSE!

with pleasure nearly getting to her
climax.

"I'm hitting my climax" Nobuyuki said while looking at Mihoshis face.

     GJ (Mihoshi in bored monotone): I'm hitting my climax too.
     DS (Noboyuki in bored monotone): I'm looking at your face.
     ZR (Mihoshi in bored monotone): We don't need exclamation points.
        We can just say what we have to say calmly.

Mihoshi grabbed his hands of her breasts and she started to squeeze
them, he under stood
that she was reaching her climax by squeezing back.

     ZR: What the hell?  Is this author some deaf-mute who communicates
        with others by opening his legs and squeezing their breasts?
     DS: No.  She was apparently squeezing his hands with her breasts, as
        "Mihoshi grabbed his hands of her breasts" seems to indicate.
        In that case, the author is probably just on acid.

She closed her eyes
and tightened her
face muscles. They both yelled at the same time while Nobuyuki cummed
into Mihoshis
pussy.

     ZR (Noboyuki): WHY ARE WE YELLING?
     GJ (Mihoshi): I SAW THE MOUSE AGAIN!
     ZR (Noboyuki): DON'T SCARE ME LIKE THAT!  I ALMOST HAD A HEART ATTACK?
     GJ (Mihoshi): OK, BUT CAN WE STOP YELLING NOW?
     ZR (Noboyuki): SURE, WHY NOT?
     GJ (Mihoshi): GOOD!  MY THROAT IS GETTING SORE!

"Ahhhhh" he said in relif.

     ZR (Noboyuki): Thank you for the throat lozenges.

Mihoshi stayed on his dick, but she layed her head on Nobuyuki
shoulder. While they were
both gasping for air.

They rested for about 30 minutes.

     ZR: They just sat there for a half-hour?
     GJ: Well, it is a Dragonball Z crossover.  You can expect things
        to spend a whole lot of time not happening.
     DS (Mihoshi): Can I get off you now?  I'm getting cramps and my
        leg's falling asleep.

Nobuyuki looked into Mihoshis
beutyfull blue eyes. She
had 2 tears on either side of her face. One for the pain and one for
her new love.

     GJ: How fucking sweet.
     ZR: Rofuckingmantic.

Nobuyoki got up and sat at the edge of the hot springs pool.

     ZR (Noboyuki): Hey, look, it's my friend from work - Nobuyoki!
     DS (Mihoshi): Pleased to meet you, Nobuyoki!
     GJ (Nobuyoki): Let's have a threesome!
     ZR and DS: GARLIC PRESS!
     ("YE OLDE GARLIC PRESS" lands squarely on Garlic Junior's head.)
     GJ: Ow.

He opened
his legs.

     ZR: Signaling Mihoshi to sit down?
     DS: Probably.
     GJ (crawling out from beneath the Garlic Press): Ow.

With a
few flicks of his wrist he go his dick hard again. Mihoshi understood
what happened , she
nodded and lowered her head on Nobuyukis dick. She kissed the tip of
his dick. Then she
opened her mouth and started to put his dick into her mouth.

     ZR: Impressive.  Four sentences with the word "dick" in a row.
     GJ: A pronoun!  My kingdom for a pronoun!

She sucked
fast and slow.

     ZR: Wow.  That must be really difficult.  Just how can she suck both
        fast and slow?
     GJ: Well, the fic is sucking fast, slow, and everything inbetween,
        isn't it?
     ZR: Oh.  Right.  She must have learned it from Mr. Sinister.

She sometimes even took it out of her mouth to lick the tip.
Nobuyuki was in total extacy, he laid back and looked at the celling.

     ZR (Noboyuki): Look, the paint's drying... isn't that interesting?

While Mihoshi
sucked faster and faster and faster.

     GJ: While the fic sucked slow and boring and boring and boring.

He couldn't take it anymore, he
was gonna explode.

     DS (Noboyuki): EVACUATE THE AREA!  I'M GONNA EXPLODE!

He cummed right into Mihoshis mouths.

     GJ: How many mouths does Mihoshi have?
     ZR: Well, more than one, anyway.
     DS (Mihoshi): I now reveal my true identity - Shub-Niggurath!
     ZR: Say, that would explain how she could suck both fast and slow at
        the same time.

She was shocked and didn't know
what to do so
she swallowed it and started to lick it off his tip.

     ZR: Riiiiight.  Every woman's instinctive reaction.

"AHHH that was too good Mihoshi"

She looked up and smiled with joy " Thank you very much"

"Its time to swtich" he said. but Mihoshi was kind of confused.

     GJ (Noboyuki): Go revive Kiyone and have hot lesbian sex with her!
        I'll take pictures!

She sat up on the egde while Nobuyuki went into the water. He slowly
opened her legs
reviling her beutifull pussy.

     DS (Noboyuki): I revile, despise and abhor your pussy!  It may be
        beautiful, but I'm gay!

He slowly opened her pussy lips with his
fingers and he
opened them.

     DS: Then, he opened them, after which he opened them and he opened
        them.

He slowly lowered his head, and he put his tongue into her
clit.

     ZR: Uh... you can't put anything into a clit, unless it's sharp enough
        to cut a hole in it.

He started
to lick faster and slower. Mihoshi grabbed the back of his head and
arched her back trying
to get his entire tongue into her clit.

     ZR: ...while the author took ignorance of the human anatomy to new
        levels.
     GJ (anatomy lesson Nazi to Mr. Sinister): No anatomy lessons for you!

Nobuyki liked faster and
faster.

     DS (Noboyuki): I like faster, and I like faster.  I can't decide which
        I like better, though.  Do I like faster better than faster, or
        faster better than faster?

Mihoshi shut her eyes
shut and screamed in happyness. She reached her climax and started to
scream.

     DS (Mihoshi): AAAAH!  A SPIDER!  I SAW A SPIDER!

"AHHHHHHH- OHHH-UHHHH-MMMMMMMMM"

     ZR: Wow.  Must be a big spider.

Then she started cummin right
into his mouth.
"MMMM this tastes soo good" He said with a mouth full of Mihoshis
semen.

     GJ: Mihoshi's... SEMEN?
     ZR: Holy shit!  She really did "switch" like he told her to!  She's
        a man now!
     GJ: All right!  Hot yaoi action!
     DS: I must admit, a Noboyuki-male Mihoshi lemon is fairly original.
     GJ (Mihoshi): I will now reveal my true identity - Dick Sausage!
     DS (Mink from "Dragon Half"): That's SAUCER!  DICK SAUCER!

"It's sooo
thick. It's soooo white. It's sooo salty" he just loved Mihoshis
flavor. It was truly a taste
of Heaven, maybe even better.

     ZR: Maybe.  Depends how well cooked Heaven is.
     GJ: I like oven-roasted Heaven stuffed with peppers.

"Hmmm There is only one more position I cant think of Mihoshi" Nobuyuki
said with a
delight look on his face.

     ZR (laughing): I thought these authors got their sexual experience
        watching bad porn, but this guy doesn't even have that!

Mihoshi looked at him and nodded " Yes I understand, this one might be
even more fun
then the others"

     DS: Then again, it might not be.  I cannot know... for I am mad!

Nobuyuki saved some of Mihoshis cum as he scooped it into his right
hand. He turned her
around and started to lubricate her asshole.

     ZR: Yeah, a Mr. Sinister lemon must have anal sex.  He apparently
        thinks that women have prostates and thus find anal sex pleasant.
     DS: No, Mihoshi is a man now.
     ZR: Oh.  Right.  I forgot.

"Now Mihoshi, you must understand that you have to relax in this
position. If you don't
then you will hurt your self and me" Nobuyuki said calmly.

     ZR (Noboyuki): I, being a Super Saiya-jin, am easily hurt.
     DS (Noboyuki): Oh, and that "Don't worry my love, you will never be
        hurt around me" thing I said earlier?  Never mind about that...

"Ok" Mihoshi said with excitement.

     GJ (Mihoshi): But there's a suppository you should remove first.
     ZR and DS: GARLIC PRESS!
     (Garlic Junior gets pressed.)
     ZR: That was just wrong.
     GJ (slurred, from beneath the block of stone): Hey, at least it's
        a suppository, not a wine glass!
     ZR and DS: GARLIC PRESS!
     (The Garlic Press flies up into the air and slams down on Garlic
     Junior again.)
     DS: Hey, that worked!
     ZR: That's why we're testing it - to find things like that out.
     DS: Washu will be so proud of us.

He lowered her into the hot spring water once again until she was ready
to kneel down in
the inside step that people sit on in the pool. She knelt down as the
water was up to the
bottom part of her breasts. Nobuyuki got one last feel of Mihoshi
breasts

     DS (Noboyuki, sobbing): Goodbye, breasts!  I'll miss you!

and he felt her
hard nipples that he adored so much. Mihoshi straightened her arms, and
put her hand on
the ledge

     ZR: I love it when authors spend several sentences describing a simple
        action like bending over in excruciatingly slow, painfully boring
        detail.

knowing that this might hurt more than before, but she was
even readier than
before.

     GJ: Yes, after a few pages in an idiotic lemon, one learns to be ready
        for anything.

Nobuyuki took his right hand and put it on his erected hard
cock. Then he guided
it into Mihoshis asshole.

     GJ: Maybe his rooster needs a guide dog.

Slowly inch by inch he went deeper into her,
until her got in 3
quatres of the way.

     ZR: Uh, "inch by inch" is very far from "slowly" when going into a
        virgin ass.
     GJ: And you know this... how?
     ZR: Never mind.

"Thank you for relaxing Mihoshi"

     GJ: Thank you for holding.  This is Mihoshi's ass.  How may I direct
        your call?

he looked at her while her eyes were
shut close , with a
wide grin on her face.
After a minute. Nobuyuki felt her asshole was as loose as her pussy ,

     GJ: Uh, if he has a "monster cock" bigger than in "those love comics",
        that would take weeks, maybe even months, of gradual reaming.
        Certainly more than a minute.
     ZR: True.
     GJ: Unless he just violently and bloodily ripped her wide open.
     ZR and DS: GARLIC PRESS!
     (Garlic Junior dives forward, and "YE OLDE GARLIC PRESS" falls in just
     the right place to smack into the back of his head.)
     ZR: True, I suppose, but I'd rather not think about that!
     GJ (moaning): Well, dodging was worth a try.

then he started to
take thrusts into Mihoshi.

     DS: Thrust, and parry, and feint, and thrust... parry... parry...

She yelled with please and pain. But she
said "Ohh DEEPER,
DEEPER NOBUYUKI DEEPER"
He understood that he had to fuck her harder and harder, deeper and
deeper.

     ZR: Oh, what a sensitive, understanding fellow!
     GJ (Noboyuki): I wonder why the water is turning blood-red...
     ZR and DS: GARLIC PRESS!
     (Garlic Junior gets duly pressed.)

He was
grabbing Mihoshis tits while they where boucning up and down.

     ZR: Hey!  Hold still!  I can't grab you!

You can
hear Mihoshis
butt checks slap against Nobuyukis thighs.

     ZR: A truly romantic moment brought to you by Mr. Sinister.
     DS: She has a checkered butt?
     GJ: Well, she is an alien, right?

SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK - YELL- SCREAM

     GJ: The sound of Mihoshi and Noboyuki bitch-slapping the author for
        putting them in this moronic scene?
     ZR: You wish.
     DS: We all wish.

They both reached their climax and cummed at the same time.
Nobuyuki sat on the inside step while Mihoshi sat on his lap.

     ZR (Mihoshi as Beavis): I'm bleeding...

"I love you Mihoshi, I always want to be with you Mihoshi" He said as
he looked into her
deep blue ocean eyes

     ZR (Mihoshi as Beavis): I'm bleeding...

"Are you saying what I think your saying?" she said

     GJ (Noboyuki): Yo, know what I'm sayin'?
     ZR (Mihoshi as Beavis): I'm still bleeding...

"YES MIHOSHI MARRY ME, BE WITH ME FOR EVER!" he yelled

     ZR (Mihoshi): Sorry, I can't, I'm about to bleed to death.  Why,
        exactly, are we just sitting here talking while I'm bleeding?

"YES I WILL" as she looked at him with tears comming from both their
faces.

Then they shared in a final passionate kiss.

     DS (Mihoshi): But I must reveal to you my terrible, dark secret - I AM
        NOBOYUKI!

THE END???

     ZR: We hope.

for now

     ZR: And the point of the story was?
     GJ: That Shin Tenchi Muyo! characters aren't ridiculously overpowered
        like Dragonball Z characters.
     DS: And Mr. Sinister thinks Mihoshi would be pretty hot if she was a
        guy.
     ZR: Hmm... right.  That's what I thought it was, too.  Just checking.
___________________________________________________________________

Please tell me how I did on that lemon,

     DS: Not bad...
     GJ: NOT BAD?  WHAT THE HELL?
     ZR: He is as mad as he says he is...
     DS: ...for a retarded fourth-grader whose sole sexual experience
        consists of having watched scrambled porn once.
     ZR: Oh.  Well, I have to agree, there.
     GJ: Me too.

I would appreciate any kind of
reply, I know that
it might be boring for somepeople to log into their e-mail and then
write one for me, but
please do so.

     ZR: Nah.  We'd rather use the TMFFA as a convenient forum for public
        flogging.

It's the only way I can get better.

     GJ: I would suggest you would get better if you quit writing fanfics
        and instead strung yourself up by your own balls.  However, I
        doubt whether you have any balls, so... if you really want to
        get better, quit writing fanfics and try eating your own shit
        instead.  Surely, a much more constructive activity for the likes
        of you to engage in.

My Email Is
CMDR_DUFF@YAHOO.COM

     ZR: And mine isn't.

Hmm I'll think about it and maybe I'll do a lemon with Tenchi and
Sakua.
Or anyone you all can think of.

     GJ: Sasami after a sex change and... uh... Sasami after a sex change!
     ZR: You know, that's probably too stupid to be disturbing.
     DS: Perfect for Mr. Sinister.
     ZR: Yes.

Next time I preoberly wont to a cross

     GJ: WHAT?
     DS: Next time he preoberly wont to a cross.
     GJ: Thank you.

over like this one, they will all be Tenchi Muyo characters

     ZR: Of course, it will be idiotic and badly written like this one.
     DS: Look on the bright side - at least he preoberly wont to a cross.
     ZR: Good.  I was hoping he'd preoberly wont to a cross.
     GJ: Preoberly wonting to a cross is always a good idea.
     DS (hoarsely singing): Preeeooooberly wont to a croooooooossss!
     (The screen fades to black, the doors click open, and the MSTers
     exit the theater.)

     (Outside the theater)
     ZR: Washu, you said you need a "madman" for your experiment.  I don't
        think Smolken is half as mad as he says he is.  Maybe you need to
        swap him out for somebody less annoying.
     GJ: Yeah.  Somebody who's not going to use the Garlic Press,
        preferably.  Smolken seems pretty sane to me, he just likes to say
        "I do not know, for I am mad" to annoy us.
     ZR: Do you really think he is mad?
     Washu: That, I cannot know, for I am mad!
     ZR: Oh, please, not that!
     DS: She is the greatest mad scientist in the Universe, after all.
     GJ: I think you two are in this together.
     Washu and DS (together): We do not know, for we are mad!
     ZR: Never mind... just send us home, OK?
     Washu: I will, but first, how did the Garlic Press work?
     GJ: Annoyingly stunning.
     ZR: Not well enough!  He kept making sick comments!
     DS: Maybe you need to turn it up.
     GJ: I disagree strongly.
     Washu: I'll have to look over Garlic Junior's readings from this
        experiment and make adjustments as necessary.  I think you three
        have achieved some sort of detente, anyway.  Well, I have data
        analyses to run, so home you go!  And remember to preoberly wont
        to a cross!
     (Washu types something on her holo-laptop, and the MSTers vanish into
     thin air, off to peroberly wont to a cross in their own realities...)

     So, Washu's second experiment is complete... time for author's notes.
     Direct any ire, comments or raven skulls to smolken@spacemoose.com.
I have very little interest in "normal" fanfics, but I like good MSTs, so
I may have a warped perspective on fanfics in general.  To clear up any
confusion, the digger Smolken doing the MSTing is the "original" one
from Roger Corman's brilliant movie "The Undead", not a self-insertion.
In other words, he's a fat, ugly, middle-aged insane gravedigger, not my
youthful, handsome, clever, well-paid self.  Also, Zap Rowsdower is the
original one from "The Final Sacrifice" (a fine Canadian film), not Cyrus
"Rowsdower" Marriner, who's an MSTer that stole a spaceship named after Zap.
     Thanks to countless MSTers (especially Peter Suzuki, Bob and Jerry,
Loden Taylor, Ksawarrior and Cyrus "Rowsdower" Marriner) for inspiration.
     And now, your moment of Zen:

You can
hear Mihoshis
butt checks slap against Nobuyukis thighs.
SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK - YELL- SCREAM
