DISCLAIMER: I do not own any of these characters.  Smolken belongs perhaps
to Roger Corman, Zap Rowsdower belongs to a guy who comes from a long line
of great anuses, and Garlic Junior belongs to the evil forces behind
Dragonball Z.  Washu and all the Tenchi Muyo! characters in the fic being
MSTd belong to Pioneer/AIC.  The Garlic Press is a ripoff of King Siva's
Crushing Press from Dragon Half, which I'm sure belongs to somebody else
as well, but I'm too lazy to do my research.

INTRODUCTION:
     Based on the growth in Tenchi's courage when faced with powerful
villains and nasty situations, Washu developed a hypothesis that exposure
to really terrible fanfics could cause Tenchi to grow a pair of balls.
Some preliminary calculations indicated that in order to test the
hypothesis fully, she needed to subject a wide range of personalities to
said fanfics: a hero, a madman and a demon.  These did not take long to
find.  In order to have a small and relatively easy-to-manage demon, she
offered Garlic Junior a sort of work-release program from his eternal
prison (the terms, unluckily for him, include a prohibition on killing,
enslaving or physically harming the other MSTers, and will be enforced by
Washu's tentacle monster).  The madman is the digger Smolken, and the hero
is Canada's greatest, Zap Rowsdower.  Washu tricked these two into losing
bets with her (something to do with the relative durability of carrots
and skulls), then used her dimensional transporter to bring all three
to her lab.  A simple explanation, but simple ones are often best...
     Having thus begun, Project Corpseflower's experiments now continue
with "Dirty Cops" by Dojin Diaster.

THE CAST will be introduced by puppets:

Washu
Washu puppet A: She is Washu!
Washu puppet B: She is a genius!
Washu puppet A: She is the greatest!
Washu puppet B: She is the cutest!
Washu puppets: Hooray for Washu!

Zap Rowsdower (ZR)
Rowsdower puppet A: He is filthy!
Rowsdower puppet B: He is a drunk!
Rowsdower puppet A: He used to be a lawyer!
Rowsdower puppet B: He is a nice person!
Rowsdower puppets: Hooray for Rowsdower!

Garlic Junior (GJ)
Garlic Junior puppet A: He is evil!
Garlic Junior puppet B: He is a demon!
Garlic Junior puppet A: He is a wannabe Kami!
Garlic Junior puppet B: He is on a work-release program!
Garlic Junior puppets: Hooray for Garlic Junior!

the digger Smolken (DS)
Smolken puppet A: Rat coffin filth corpse!
Smolken puppet B: Rat coffin filth corpse!
Smolken puppet A: Rat coffin filth corpse!
Smolken puppet B: Rat coffin filth corpse!
Smolken puppets: Rat coffin filth corpse death!

[Washu working in her laboratory, with the superdeformed mechanical
puppets of the MSTers laid on a table in front of her]
     Washu: I'm not going to give up on getting these Smolken puppets
        working right... I'm not going to give up...
     (The two Washu puppets suddenly appear on her shoulders.)
     Washu puppet A: You can do it!
     Washu puppet B: You are the greatest!
     Washu puppets: Hooray for Washu!
     Smolken puppets (singing hoarsely yet squeakily): Hey diddle diddle,
        the rat and the fiddle, the corpse...
     (Washu flips a giant Mad Scientist Switch and the Smolken puppets
        fall silent.)
     Washu: Later... I've got other experiments to run now, so I'll get
        started and bring the test subjects here.
     (Washu types something on her holo-laptop, and the MSTers appear
        from thin air.)
     GJ (noticing the puppets on the table): Say, could you get rid of
        these puppets... they creep me out.  I mean, the very idea of a
        chibi-Rowsdower is just wrong!
     ZR: Hey!  We can't all be cute like your little, round, big-eyed
        self!
     GJ: What?  How dare you call me cute!  I am an evil demon!
     ZR: Face it, you are cute!
     GJ: AM NOT!
     Washu: Well, I think I'll keep these puppets around!  They seem to
        get you guys all riled up and ready for the MST!  Speaking of
        which... I've got an especially absurd one for you today.
     DS: We find out that Noboyuki is Raditz, and Mihoshi is Noboyuki?
     Washu: No... you'll find out, though... you'll find out all right...
        Bwahahahahahahahahahaahahahahaahahahaahahahaahahaahahahahahaaha!
     (While Rowsdower and Garlic Junior still glare at each other, Washu
        places metal discs on all the MSTers foreheads, they enter the
        theater, she locks them in, flips a few giant Mad Scientist
        Switches, pulls a chainsaw out of a pocket dimension and walks
        ominously slowly towards the table with the puppets...)

    ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Alrighty people its time for a decent Mihoshi/Kiyone lemon.

     ZR: Is it?  I very much doubt that...
     GJ: I very much doubt this is going to be decent.
     DS: I very much doubt this guy knows what "decent" is.

But as always
I'll take a new twist to this =B

     GJ: A really, really stupid twist!

so har har if your into the regular lesbo acts.

     GJ (with enthusiasm): Har har!
     DS: So we're getting irregular lesbo acts instead, I suppose.
     GJ: I hope there's lots of lesbian anal fisting!
     ZR and DS: GARLIC PRESS!
     (A huge stone block with the words "YE OLDE GARLIC PRESS" falls from
     the ceiling, landing squarely on Garlic Junior's head with a thud.)
     ZR: Great.  He's starting already...

Oh ya I do not own these
people

     DS: Yes, like we've said before, you can't own people because
        slavery is outlawed in most countries.

and this is a mature fanfic but

     ZR: "Mature" and "decent" are words that lemon authors should not
        be allowed to use... I doubt any of them have any idea what they
        mean.
     GJ: Their idea of "mature" is South Park.
     DS: Their idea of "decent" is going down the stairs.
     GJ: WHAT?
     ZR: No, that's just their spelling of "descent"...

eh you will read it anyway! X.x so lets get going!

     DS: We don't have a choice...
     ZR: Damn stupid skull-piercing carrots...

Dirty Cops

     ZR: In this story, Mihoshi learns the importance of washing behind
        her ears.
     DS (Mihoshi as Eeyore): I don't hold with all this washing.  This
        modern behind-the-ears nonsense.
     GJ: I doubt this is about that sort of "dirty"...

"No no Mihoshi, don't! I can just get it fixed!"

     GJ (Kiyone): Please!  It's my only vibrator, and I don't want you
        ruining it completely!

But as always, the
bumbling GP had now come
across something that needed help. This unlucky victim this time was

     ZR: ...Timmy, who had fallen down the well.
     DS: ...a kitten stuck in a tree.
     GJ: ...an evil demon who needed a virgin sacrificed to him!

Kiyones' new laptop especially useful
for work. "Don't worry Kiyone, I'm sure I can fix it!" squealed the tanned
detective

     GJ: You mean "defective", don't you?
     DS: Be nice to Mihoshi!
     GJ: But I'm evil!  It's not my job to be nice.

as she fooled around
with more adhesives and tools in Washus' lab,

     DS: First Kiyones' laptop, then Washus' lab... they must be
        multiplying!
     GJ: How many of these Kiyones and Washus are running around the
        house by now?
     DS: I do not know, for I am mad.

convinced in her abilities.
"Now where is it? It has to be
around somewhere"

     ZR (Mihoshi): Where is that duct tape?

Mihoshi flicked back a strand of blonde hair and set to
work. Now that headache grew
once more in Kiyone's temple

     ZR: Ah.  Yes.  The Temple of the Teal-Tressed Goddess.
     GJ: Let me guess - you make frequent pilgrimages there to worship
        Kiyone.
     DS: They grow headaches there?  In a garden or something?
     GJ: In a greenhouse.
     ZR: Well, that makes more sense than the author.

as she growled angrily again. "You wouldn't
need to fix it if you listen to
what I said"

     DS (Kiyone): Which was DON'T FIX IT!

How could Mihoshi know eating, cooking, and typing all at the
same time couldn't be done
without some tragic accident?

     GJ: She should know from experience... all those disasters...

Well hard did Mihoshi try as her partner was secluded from the lab
room. "What's she doing down
there anyway?" Asked the mad genius Washu as she walked to Kiyone and the
door, which loud thinking
was heard from within.

     ZR: We've seen some real crap before, but that has to be the most
        awkward sentence yet.
     DS: I don't know (for I am mad!)  Perhaps it is poetic.  "Asked the
        mad genius Washu as she walked to Kiyone and the door, which loud
        thinking was heard from within" - doesn't that sound
        Shakespearean?
     ZR and GJ: No!
     DS: But it has to be some kind of metaphor - it makes no sense
        literally.
     ZR: No, it reads more like a horrible Babelfish translation.  It's
        merely atrocious English.

Kiyone sighed, "She's trying to fix something for me
EVEN when I told her not to
touch the laptop at all."

     ZR (Kiyone): She said that if she can't touch the laptop, she'll
        just fix something else instead.

"Well I suppose it must be serious, what with
that dumb blonde not even paying
attention to the sign," Kiyone gave a questionable quirk

     ZR: What?  How?
     DS: She gave a questionable quirk - in other words, maybe it was a
        quirk, but then again, maybe it wasn't.
     ZR: And how the hell can anyone "give" a quirk?
     DS: I do not know... for I am mad!
     GJ: I think the author meant "a questioning look".
     DS: No, it quite clearly says "a questionable quirk".
     ZR: Again I ask: how the hell can anyone "give" a quirk?
     DS: That, I cannot know, for...
     ZR: Shut up!
     DS: ...I am maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad!

then looked to the
sign with the GP detectives face
on it, and over it a big red circle with a red line going through it,
instantly having a few sweatdrops pour
out in frustration.

     GJ: Where did the sweatdrops pour out?
     DS: The red line, I think.
     ZR: No, the face on the sign.
     GJ: Uh... I think it was the big red circle.

As the time pass Kiyone temper rose.

     DS: No, no, no.  All wrong.  If you want to sound like Shampoo,
        you should write "As time pass Kiyone temper rise".
     GJ: A writer who can't even get Shampoo-speak right is truly a sad
        case.

As she was now
banging onto the hard wood door
with her fist "MIHOSHI GET OUT THE BASEMENT NOW BEFORE I..."

     DS (Mihoshi): But it's really heavy!  I'll need lots of help to get
        the whole basement out!
     ZR: Does the Masaki house even have a basement?
     GJ: I don't think so... Washu's lab is in hyperspace, and is
        entered through the broom closet.  So she couldn't mean the
        lab when she says "basement".
     ZR: The more we analyze this, the less sense it's going to make...
        let's just quit now.

The next few
words were
muffled bye

     All MSTers (waving): Bye!
     DS: But isn't that only one word, not a few?
     ZR: Can we leave now?
     GJ: I don't think so...
     ZR: But it just said "bye"...

a swinging door in Kiyone jaw,

     GJ (Washu): Oh, I put a little swinging door in your jawbone,
        Kiyone.  I hope you don't mind.
     ZR (Kiyone, muffled): Buth itfh mufflefth me wffen I tawk.

Causing her to hit the floor in
a instant with a wail of pain.

     DS: Of course, she wasn't hurt by the door, just by the accumulation
        of horrid grammar.

And out step Mihoshi with the damaged electronic looking good as new, well
if you looked around the
masking tape here and there on the screen.

     (Rowsdower snorts with contempt.)
     DS: What?
     ZR: A true handyman would use duct tape!
     GJ: Great... Damn Canadians...
     DS (Mihoshi as Red Green): And remember, if the women don't find
        you handsome, they should at least find you handy!
     ZR: Look, my truck is held together by duct tape and coat hangers,
        and it works OK.
     GJ: Frequent breakdowns aside...

"Finished Kiyone!" beamed Mihoshi
with a near idiotic grin on
her face.

     GJ: That's out of character!  She shouldn't be looking that
        intelligent!
     ZR: Hey!  Leave the Mihoshi-bashing to the 100% complete and
        genuine idiot who wrote this!

This was too hard to believe, or focus on as Kiyone shook her head
a bit from the hit.

     ZR (Kiyone): Whoa... the drugs are really kicking in...
     GJ: The author's drugs, on the other hand, kicked in a while
        ago...

"What? Let
me see this." Kiyone stood up and yanked the laptop from Mihoshi's hands
with a sneer of doubt.

     DS: Did Kiyone yank the laptop and a sneer of doubt from Mihoshi's
        hands, or did Kiyone just yank the laptop from Mihoshi's hands
        which had a sneer of doubt on them?
     ZR: Uh... I don't know.
     DS: Are you also mad?
     ZR: No!

"Hm,
Well the crack doesn't show.."

     DS (Kiyone): But the heroin is still clearly visible.

Kiyone looked  more closely as well Washu ,

     GJ: ...as opposed to ill Washu...

who was amazed at the fact
that of all people Mihoshi did something right for a change.

     ZR: You might want to test it before you declare it fixed right.

"Yep Yep! All
it took was a few spare parts,
glue, and a shiny rod thing for a battery!" Mihoshi spoke on.

     GJ (Kiyone): Wait... that "shiny rod" looks like Tenchi's penis,
        only chrome-plated!  What the hell did you do in there?

Kiyone was
indeed impress for once.

     ZR (awe-filled Kiyone): Look at that rod... it's so big... so shiny.

Her
partner finally fixed her own mistakes "Well..sorry for yelling at you
earlier on Mihoshi, you're pretty
competent"

     DS (Kiyone): Taping a laptop together more than makes up for
        getting us fired from several jobs, causing me to lose numerous
        promotions, destroying everything you've ever destroyed...
        Especially considering I haven't even turned it on yet, and it
        is highly doubtful that it will work!

She apologize as Kiyone looked for the on switch.

     DS: Given that it's Kiyone's laptop, she shouldn't have to look
        for the on switch...
     GJ: Don't worry... I'm sure she'll find it any day now.
     ZR: Maybe she's somehow related to Ryoga.
     DS (Kiyone as Ryoga): Where on the laptop am I now?

"Wait a
minute...shiny rod?" Washu
interrupted.

     ZR (Washu): That's Tenchi's penis!  I just finished chrome-plating
        it!

"Where did you get that from Mihoshi?" The blonde girl only
gave a small shrug of honesty.

     DS (Mihoshi): I didn't think Tenchi would need it... I mean, look
        at how he reacts to Ryoko's attentions...

"I saw it in that huge tube with the skull and crossbones on it?"

     ZR (Washu): Oh, Ryoko drew a pirate symbol there, to mark Tenchi's
        penis as her property.

"AHHH!!!
MIHOSHI THAT ISNT A
BATTERY THAT'S!"

     ZR (Washu): TENCHI'S PENIS!

Kiyone flicked on the switch as Washu was about to finish.
"Ha?"

     All MSTers: Ha!

"DANGER! DANGER! CDHDAOPBHOEHOA GOBBLES!!!"

     GJ (Cdhdaopbhoehoa as a turkey): Gobble gobble gobble!
     ZR: Cdhdaopbhoehoa gobbles and Cthuthlu calls...

KA-BLAMMO!

".uranium."

     ZR: Nuclear explosion?  Well, that's the end of this story, I guess.

Washu coughed out the last word, as she began to peel her self
off the wall she was blasted
into.

     GJ: Note to author... please look up the effects of nuclear
        explosions if you're going to put one in your story.
     DS: Uh... wouldn't it be better if the author quit writing stories
        entirely?
     GJ: Yes, I suppose you're right.
     ZR: But ideally, he should research the effects of nuclear
        explosions on his own person.

Kiyone was in a state of tears as she noticed the lab that self
detonated  itself

     DS: When things self-detonate, they usually self-detonate
        themselves.  I mean, if the lab self-detonated the kitchen,
        now *that* would be strange.
     ZR: Ideally, the author should learn that by self-detonating.

now disintegrate into
dust.

     GJ: Self-detonate itself, then disintegrate?  I guess Washu
        engineered some redundancy into the redundant self-detonation
        mechanism.
     ZR: Ideally, the author should disintegrate before he writes
        another sentence...

"MIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHSOSHI!!!!!" On hearing her name yelled in rage
Mihoshi stared on the from the
blast, her face covered in black soot like Kiyone and Washu. "um...heh heh.
Kiyone I had no idea that was-
EEEEE!!"

     DS: I did not know that was EEEEE, either.  But then again, I cannot
        know, for I am mad!
     ZR: So it was an "EEEEE" battery cell, as opposed to "AAA" or "D".
     GJ: I suppose so.

And off The detective went sprinting down the hall like a scared
puppy. "MIHOSHI GET
BACK HERE!" Kiyone also took off in pursuit after Mihoshi

     DS: Did I miss something?  Did anyone else take off in pursuit
        earlier?

in a burst of rage
and with a head of steam.

     ZR: ...while poised on a precipice over a powder keg full of
        time bombs.

"Cmon Kiyone it was a accident!!" Cried the bronzed girl as she took a sharp
turn flailing and slipping the
way out.

     DS: Poor way out... getting flailed and slipped like that...

"YA THE LAST ACCIDENT YOUR GONNA EVER HAVE, MIHOSHI!!!" Having put
up with her partners'
accident

     ZR: What?  She doesn't seem to be putting up with it at all in this
        story.

too long Kiyone finally leaped forward and grasped tackled

     GJ: ...grabbed held tripped threw...

Mihoshi
into a two-gal tumble. Slip
and slide went the GP tornado into the living room, screaming and arguing
increasing each second. As it,
ended Kiyone pinned Mihoshi to the floor  still in her semi madness.

     DS (Kiyone): I semi do not know, for I am semi mad!

"GOT
YOU! YOU
BUTTERFINGERED KLUTZ!"

     GJ: The least Japanese insult ever.
     DS (Mihoshi): Oh yeah? You airheaded putz!
     GJ: I stand corrected.

As they slide more forward until the rug stopped
them.

     DS (the rug as a Nazi border guard): Halt!  Papers, please!

"Er...Kiyone?"
Mihoshi looked up to the detective's face a bit concerned

     ZR (Mihoshi): Are you going to kill me?  I'm a bit concerned about
        that.

"You should get
off me. people might think
were well.."

     DS (Mihoshi): I want people to think we're ill!  That way we get
        chicken soup and stuff!

"WELL WHAT!" Kiyone interrupted Mihoshi shouting, causing the
girl to wince a little
"Well.funny."

     ZR (Kiyone): So what?  Everyone already thinks we're lesbians
        anyway!
     GJ (Mihoshi): Yeah, but Noboyuki's already filming us!

If they already did not seem strange to most, Sure enough Aeka
and Ryoko actually
peeled their eyes off the T.V screen long enough to see Kiyone ontop of
Mihoshi.

     GJ (Ryoko): Hand me the potato peeler, Ayeka!  I want to see this
        and I need it to peel my eyes off the screen!
     ZR (Ayeka): Ow!  I'm almost... ow! done... ow!  Ah, damit!  Peeling
        my eyes really hurts!

Numerous sweatdrops
poured out of the blue-hair girl.

     ZR: I guess that would be Ryoko... her hair is bluish, though it's
        really more cyan.
     DS: No, I think it's Sasami... she must be in the room as well,
        the author just hasn't mentioned it yet.
     GJ: Maybe he can't remember her name.

"Ahh! Screw it!" Kiyone released Mihoshi
wrist and threw the fist down at
the girls' face.

     ZR: What girls?  How many?
     DS: I do not know, for I am mad!
     ZR: Will you stop that?
     DS: You did ask...

Mihoshi let out a yelp and moved her head before the
blurred punch reached her button nose.
Kiyone retracted her hand in pain having it nail a dent in the floor.

     GJ (Kiyone): Ow!  Damit!  I thought we had tatami mats around here!
        Who put the hardwood floor in?
     ZR (Noboyuki): It was me... sorry... I was getting tired of the
        house being all Japanese.

"AHHHH!!" The bronzed girl took the
time to push over Kiyone

     DS: Oh, so nice of her to take the time...
     GJ: Yes, if people are going to push you over, you'd hope they
        take the time.
     ZR: I hope someone would take the time to push the author off a
        tall building.

and take off once more. Kiyone picked her self up
and chased after her once
more, now being lead back into the basement again. "hey..stop.you two" Washu

     GJ (Washu): You can't go into the basement!  The house doesn't
        have one!

had now crawled out of
the hole towards the door.  But now Kiyone was going to end this cat and
mouse game as she corned
Mihoshi on a wall.

     ZR: I don't mind corned beef, but corned human?  Bleargh!
     GJ: I agree!  I may be a demon, but I don't like human flesh, either.
     DS: And making corned meat on a wall?  That's unsanitary!
     GJ: Oh, look who's talking... Mr. Filth himself...

"Oh no...eee! Kiyone don't hurt me!" Mihoshi begged

     ZR (Mihoshi): I have no eee, but that's no reason to hurt me!

as
she looked around for an exit
"Great. Now this headache I've been having ever since I met you is going to
go away" Kiyone walked
forward with her eyes burning a hole in Mihoshi

     DS (Mihoshi): ARGH!  YOUR EYES ARE REALLY HOT!  I'M ON FIRE!
     GJ: Smolken, do you realize just how sexy that sounds?
     DS: I do not realize, for I am mad!

"Headache?.." The clumsy GP
though as she looked to her
left again seeing a couple pills. Bingo!

     ZR (stunned): ...bingo?
     GJ: Now there's a word I've never heard in any anime, ever!
     DS: I suppose the author is somewhat original, then.

"I can fix your headache Kiyone!"
she latched her palms onto the
spare pills on the shelf.

     ZR: ...bolted her oaks onto the spare capsules, and tied her pines
        onto the spare tablets.
     DS: Wouldn't it make more sense to latch the pills to the palms,
        and so on, rather than the other way around?

"Ha? No I don't mean a re-HEY!"

     DS (Kiyone): I mean a headache!  Not a re-HEY!  Those are re-HEY
        pills, not headache pills!

Kiyone mouth was
soon shoved of the green
tinted pills

     GJ: Yes, there is no friendly gesture equal to shoving random
        pills into somebody's mouth.

Mihoshi made her swallow down.

     ZR: Uh... how?  Forcing someone to swallow something isn't that easy.
        It deserves some description, detail...
     DS: The more detail this author skips, the better off we all are...

Kiyone gave a sick face and
gulped them. "There. You feel
better now?" Asked her partner who had the innocent face on once more.
"Um.yes for some reason."

     ZR (Kiyone): Say, are these Nurse Ratchet's big happy pills?

Kiyone could actually smile having those pains go away but now her body was
reacting funny.

     DS (Kiyone): I feel funny... but the colors, man, the colors...

Soon she
made the dreaded. "pee dance"

     ZR (Washu): Oh no!  We can handle Kagato and Kain, but we dread the
        "pee dance"!
     GJ (Ryoko): Run away!  It's too dreadful!

"AHH DAMNIT MIHOSHI!" was her last words

     GJ: Ah, such famous last words, surely among the greatest in history.
     DS: If you're going for memorable last words, at least spell "damit"
        right...

as
she ran out the room
biting her lip so hard it could bleed.
"Wonder if that worked?" though the blonde girl as she stepped out
as well.

     DS: Doesn't the author mean "thought", not "though"?
     GJ: No, I think he's one of those Mihoshi-haters who couldn't
        admit that her brain could hold a thought.

Kiyone reached the
bathroom in seconds and shut the door. "Oh damnit what's wrong with me now?"

     ZR: You're in a story written by Dojin Diaster.  That's horribly
        wrong!

she unzipped her white
jeans

     GJ: Well, black, from the "soot" after the "nuclear explosion".

and just closed her eyes, calming down a bit. "What am I going to do
with that ditz?

     ZR: Let's see... this is fanfiction... probably have sex with her.

She is so lazy,
incompetent, noisy" Oh the words went on and on as she kept going. "She
needs discipline.she needs to
be useful.She..

     GJ (Kiyone): ...needs lesbian sex.

hey why am I standing up?" That and the slow dripping sound
woke Kiyone up and
forced her to look down. Okay. She was going in the toilet.

     DS: That's generally the right place to do so.

"But.im..not...sitting.dooowwnnn OH MY
GOD I HAVE A DICK!!!"

     GJ (Kiyone): This fucking rules!  I get to pee standing up now!
     ZR: Many authors have sick sexual fantasies about cartoons... this
        one is just silly, though.

Kiyone mentally  roared out confused holding the 9inch

     DS: Yes, Kiyone's gender confusion is now almost equal to that of
        Dojin Diaster.
     ZR: Uh... is that nine inches limp?
     GJ: I hope so!

in her palms all this
time "What the fuck happened!?

     GJ: The story just went down the toilet, too.

IM A FREAK!? THOSE--PILLS!"

     DS (Kiyone): Now I'm a freak with a penis but no balls, just like
        Tenchi!
     ZR: I bet that turns the author on, though.

Of course,
Mihoshi

     ZR: Of course, it's all Mihoshi's fault.  It must be the pills.
        I mean, if I grew an extra penis tomorrow, I'd be instantly
        certain it was the pills.
     GJ: I think Kiyone blames Mihoshi for everything out of habit.
     DS: Don't blame Mihoshi!  Blame the moron who thought this is a
        worthwhile premise for a story!

had caused Kiyone
another gray hair, but this one was running way down to her pubics. .

     DS: Ah.  There's an unpleasant mental image.  When Kiyone starts
        going gray, she'll have a mixture of teal and white pubic
        hair.
     ZR: That is extremely unappealing.
     DS: That would look like mold.
     (Rowsdower glares at Smolken but says nothing.)

Staring at urine come out two ways
was becoming a bit disgusting.

     ZR: A BIT?!  And just what the hell would it take to be really
        disgusting?
     GJ: Pubic hair that looks like mold!
     ZR: Oh, fuck you!
     GJ: Hey, you asked...

So she just pressed it back in,

     DS: Uh, you might want to finish pissing first.

but now she
could stare at the huge bulge
forcing her fancy panties to expand.

     GJ: Oh, I'm sure she could think of something else to do instead
        of just staring...
     ZR: GARLIC... hey, Smolken, doesn't that call for the Garlic Press?
     DS: I don't see why... I'm sure she could think of something else
        to do, such as going out for sushi, or going skiing, or...
     ZR: Never mind...

"oh god this is too much

     GJ (Kiyone): I mean... nine inches limp?  That's ludicrous!  Who's
        writing this crap?

why me?.IM
going to get her this tim--
EEP!" At the thought of Mihoshi the new girl penis stretched out in Kiyone's
jeans.

     ZR (TV commercial): It's the new girl penis!
     GJ (TV commercial): It stretches out!
     DS (TV commercial): It's the must-have product of the year!

"Ahh jeez!  What's with
this thing." She spoke under her breath, if anyone knew of this they would
be scared out of their minds of
it.

     GJ: I don't know... Tenchi would probably like it.
     ZR: Are you one of those "Tenchi is gay" conspiracy theorists?

Now the erection was beginning to cause a small twinge of pain. "oh
well.."

     GJ (Kiyone): I wonder what I should name it... Spike?  Ramrod?  Hmm...

Kiyone thought,

     ZR (Kiyone): I'll just go find the author who did this to me and
        stick it up his ass!  That'll make me feel better!

"Until I tell
Washu about it...

     GJ (Kiyone): I'll have to tell Washu!  I'm sure she'll like it!

why not make a negative a positive?"

     ZR (Kiyone): Peeing standing up is great!
     GJ (Kiyone): And now I can get Tenchi to have sex with me!
     ZR and DS: GARLIC PRESS!
     (The Garlic Press makes a thunderous landing on Garlic Junior's
     head.)
     GJ (moaning): What?  Tenchi could be gay!
     DS: Perhaps, but the image of Kiyone with a giant penis humping
        Tenchi...
     ZR: All right, all right, shut up!

In small chance of
succeeding this, Kiyone decided
to keep quiet about it until late at night,

     GJ: Horrid, utterly meaningless grammar.
     DS: Wait, maybe it makes sense.  Maybe Kiyone is a member of a
        royal family and the author meant that she has a small chance
        of succeeding the current ruler to the throne if many other
        members of the family die off.  But she didn't want to tell
        everybody until late at night, when nobody would be awake to
        listen to her, anyway.  That way, she could get it off her
        chest, but nobody would actually hear it, so her secret would
        be safe.
     ZR: Well, you do make more sense than the author...

so she closed her door when
entering it and whipped out the new
organ once more,

     ZR: It was a huge pipe organ!
     GJ: Hmm... yes.  In a way.  Especially if that's nine inches limp.

giving it a few looks over.

     DS: Shouldn't Washu be playing with the organ late at night?  I mean,
        she is the mad scientist... and playing organ late at night is
        definitely a mad scientist thing... she could play some Bach
        fugues.
     ZR: I definitely hope Washu won't come anywhere near Kiyone's new
        "organ".

"zzzzzz....zzzzz" Mihoshi dozed once more infront of the TV, near
slipping off the couch.

     ZR: Let's see... in front of the TV... near slipping... off the
        couch...  I think she's somewhere between the TV and the couch,
        and near slipping, wherever that is.

Kiyone sneaked out the area into the living room quietly, noticing the
static on the T.V set. Creeping to her
partner The officer wanted to make sure she was knocked out.

     GJ: ...so she whacked her upside the head with a sledgehammer.
     ZR: Oh, I hope this doesn't turn into one of those
        "everybody dies" fics...
     DS: Don't you mean "feces"?
     ZR: I guess you're right.  With this sort of fanfiction, the
        plural is "feces".

"Mihoshi?...Mihoshi are you awake?" No
answer. Good. Kiyone watched as each breath made the bronze girls breasts

     DS: First a chromed penis, and now bronzed breasts... what is this?
        Some metal fetishist?
     ZR: Probably.  Maybe the author thinks Rob Halford is cute.

heave up each time, waking up
her new body part in no time.

     GJ: Boioioioioing!

Without a flinch, Kiyone worked her hands onto
Mihoshi's shirt flipping it up
easily. Carmel mounds bounced out without any imprisonment of a bra, instead
of a normal confused look,
Kiyone stared in awe.

     ZR: Do breasts normally confuse her?
     DS (Kiyone): What are these strange mounds?  I'm confused... I've
        never seen anything like them before...
     GJ: I don't know... that sort of grammar should confuse any normal
        person.

"Wow...these are massive.."

     ZR (Kiyone): I wonder why I've never noticed that all these years.

Without a second thought

     DS: That goes without saying.  If any character was allowed second
        thoughts, there'd be no lemons.

she snaked her hands under
the left one and begin to rub it, a small moan emitted from the bronze GP,
but increased her breathing a bit
as Kiyone began to rub both of them at the same time.

     GJ: "Both of them" being Mihoshi and the small moan, right?
     ZR: I think so.

The blue tressed
Kiyone

     DS: As opposed to the teal-tressed Kiyone, who is a character in
        Tenchi Muyo!  The blue-tressed Kiyone is a new and completely
        unrelated character, whom the author has introduced in an
        attempt at further confusion.

saw her partners' nipples

     ZR: Multiple partners?
     DS: Yes.  Mihoshi and the aforementioned teal-tressed Kiyone.

also stiffen as a result, she slowly placed one leg over Mihoshi side now
sitting on her.

     GJ: Let's go over that again.  Mihoshi's side is now sitting on
        Kiyone...
     ZR: ...so where's the rest of Mihoshi?

Bending down she
cupped the erected pink nub into her mouth and licked it without hesitation.

     ZR: Hesitation?  In a lemon?  Never!

All the treatment on the top
heavy Mihoshi caused her to stir and moan a little more, but was still sound
asleep.

     GJ: Nobody sleeps like that.
     ZR (Kiyone): The chloroform is really doing its job!

Kiyone now had a grin
on her face as she released the nipple from her mouth, having excess spit
still keeping them together, and
progressed lower.

     DS: I doubt any of this is "progress".

A few seconds and Kiyone found her partners' button on her
pants, which she quickly
ripped off.

     ZR (Kiyone): I know there's a button on these pants somewhere...
        I just need a few seconds to look for it.
     GJ (Kiyone as Ryoga): Where on Mihoshi's pants am I now?

The hint of white under them made The police girls smile near
Cheshire like,

     GJ: ...you could only see their smiles, then they vanished
        completely, ending this idiotic garbage.

pushing Mihoshi
pants right off

     ZR: Pulling pants off is more effective than pushing them off.
        Dojin Diaster would do well to remember that the next time he
        shits in his.

to show her bare legs and the white panties she wore. Kiyone
index

     DS: And in today's stock market news, the Kiyone index rose by 1.3%.

poked onto the top of the
panties on the head of the small penguin on it,

     ZR: Mario Lemieux?
     GJ: Damned Canadians... all they can think about is hockey...
     DS: And duct tape!

Making another moan gasp
from Mihoshi. "She is such a

     GJ (Kiyone): ...Canadian!

child" Thought Kiyone about her cute undies, which she pulled to her left to
show Her partners pedals,

     DS: Mihoshi keeps pedals in her underwear?
     GJ: Perhaps bicycle pedals.
     ZR: Uh...

now
slick with wetness. She must really be enjoying this as much as Kiyone was,

     ZR: We're not.

as she knelt off Mihoshi and
stuck her face onto the pussy.  She wonder what would happen if she were
too. Up came a long...torturous

     DS: ...dreadful boring idiotic sex scene.

lick on the lovetunnel, causing an instant shriek of surprise in return from
Mihoshi, who soon grabbing out
to nowhere, latching on some of the couch. Kiyones' pink muscle traveled
around inside Mihoshi, coming
out once and again over the top and diving in. Even the pokes of her fingers
Mihoshis'

     ZR: Apparently, when he gets turned on, the author loses all sense
        of grammar.
     GJ: Not that he ever had much to lose...

rather shocking,
true blonde pubic hair,

     GJ: That's not shocking!  Public hair that looks like mold would be!
     ZR: Will you two shut the fuck up about that?

cause the girls' legs to sprawl around with almost
loud whimpers. "zz ..,Oh..ooooh!"
That did it. The blonde hair Mihoshi had her limit,

     GJ: Is there a non-blonde Mihoshi now, too?
     DS: Yes.  And she has no limit.

one loud moan and she
gushed helplessly in orgasm,
spraying in Kiyone's face with her liquids." Huh? mmmph!"

     DS: Did she just say "hump"?
     ZR: We're in trouble now...

Kiyone was caught
off guard by the mess her
partner just made, but let it all splash on her face, or catch whatever she
could in her mouth letting it gulp
down happily. "Well.Wakey, Wakey, Mihoshi. "The quiet utter Kiyone spoke

     ZR: WHAT?
     GJ: Perhaps the author meant "The quiet otter Kiyone".
     DS: Or "The quiet udder Kiyone".  I do not know which, for I am mad!
     ZR: I think this is that "blue-hair Kiyone" the author introduced
        earlier.
     DS: Hmm... udders aren't very hairy, so she must be a blue otter.
     GJ: I'm glad we managed to make sense out of something this idiotic
        author babbled forth.

as
she looked over to see
her coming too.

     GJ: Is anybody else coming?
     ZR: I don't think so, just Mihoshi.

"Wha..What??" Half-naked and all Mihoshi feel right

     ZR (Mihoshi): I'm half-naked and being molested in my sleep, but
        it feels right!
     GJ: The author has some serious sexual problems...
     DS: That and he's the world's soundest sleeper.

off the couch at the
sudden look of
Kiyones' face in a thud. "KIYONE!?"

     DS (Mihoshi): Your face is in a thud!  It looks really weird!

She shouted, but through mid-word
Kiyone's hand clasped around her
mouth. Kiyone was silent with a grin on her face as she replaced Mihoshi
spot on the couch with herself.
"No sleep for you 'Hoshi"

     ZR (Kiyone): Because, you know, an orgasm won't wake you up, but
        a few whispered words will.

Kiyone than grabbed the back of the blonde girl's
head in a grip, pressing her
bronze face into the crotch of her shorts. "Kiyone? Kiyone what are you
talking about? What...Why"

     DS (Mihoshi): I keep telling you I'm not a lesbian!  I don't care
        how much you want me!  Quit waking me up like that!

She
wanted to scream, muffled between Kiyone's legs. ".Undo them with your
teeth.now." Silent, but stern
as well, a voice Mihoshi knew too well that Kiyone was serious.

     GJ: Nothing says "I'm serious" like waking someone up and asking
        her to pull down your pants with her teeth.

She made a
gulp and pressed her teeth
onto the metal zip, slowly pulling down. What she got in reward was Kiyone's
new harden length pressed
into the side of her face, almost poking out the left eye.

     ZR: Unzip pants, hardened penis instantly leaps out.  Only in porn.

Mihoshi was in
silent terror, breathing becoming a
bit rapid at the site.

     DS: ...while, at a remote location, she was breathing slowly.

"K..Kiyone!? Kiyone grin came back again, as she
pushed her waist up a bit to let her
meat slide on Mihoshi's face. "Thanks for giving me those pills, Mihoshi.
They got rid of my headache, but
look what I got in return."

     ZR (Mihoshi): Uh, I can't see very well, could you turn the lights
        on?

Her grip tightened around the back of her
partner's head, right in those blonde
strands of the quivering GP. ".Remember that tape I made you watch?

     ZR (Kiyone): ...that roll of duct tape?  You stared at it for hours.

Of the
guy and the girl back in the
Yagami?" Mihoshi was still a trembling a little, keeping her mouth shut
tight as Kiyone began to probe her
lips with the cock, hesitantly nodding. "Good. Guess what your gonna do?"

     DS (Mihoshi): Watch the tape again?
     GJ (Kiyone): No, you idiot!
     DS (Mihoshi): I'm gonna do the guy part?
     GJ (Kiyone): ARGH!  WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU, MIHOSHI?

The Cyan tressed police girl

     ZR: Who?  Is this a new character?
     GJ: Must be.  Mihoshi's hair is blonde, Kiyone's teal, and Mitsuki is
        red.  Those are the only female GP officers I can think of.  The
        blue Kiyone, being an otter, is probably not GP.
     DS: Well, there's Sasami in the Mihoshi Special, but her hair isn't
        cyan, either.  But I guess she's closest.
     ZR: Wait... Ryoko's hair is cyan.  Maybe she's an undercover
        operative?
     DS: Can't be.  Ryoko's hair is definitely not in tresses.
     GJ: Ah, the ancient and eternal mysteries of bad writing...

knew a little secret to get her mouth open,

     ZR (mysterious cyan-tressed police girl): I lower my jaw and there!
        My mouth is open!
     DS and GJ (Mihoshi and Kiyone, impressed): Oooo!

even though Mihoshi kept it
closed. Her hand traveled down her
chest a bit, getting to her natural tanned massive globes. In a split
second, she squeezed one playfully hard,
forcing a yelp out of her.

     GJ: Which her is which?
     ZR: No idea.
     DS: I do not know, either, for I am mad.
     GJ: Ah, lost in a hopeless maze of utterly ambiguous grammar...

"ee!-mmph!" A confused daze replaced the look of
fear on Mihoshi's face.

     ZR (Mihoshi): Which her is her?  Whose hands and whose breasts is
        all this about?  Who's yelping?
     GJ: For once, her confusion does not reflect poorly on her
        intellectual capacity.

Inches
of Kiyone being crammed into her mouth. A moment passed, numerous thoughts
swirled in her
head.

     GJ: Like: next time you stick it in my mouth, wash it first!
     ZR and DS: GARLIC PRESS!
     (The Garlic Press presses and crushes Garlic Junior.)

what could she of done?"

     GJ (moaning): ...bite?
     ZR and DS: GARLIC PRESS!
     (The Garlic Press slams down on Garlic Junior's head.)
     GJ (moaning loudly): Owwwwww... but it was worth it...

Kiyone looked down in Mihoshi's sincere eyes,
submissive maybe. She
could see blonde strands bob near her and back slowly with sloppy audible
sounds of sucking.

     ZR: Is that the fic sucking, or the author?
     DS: Both.  Notice it says "sounds", so there must be multiple ones.

She let out a
breathy pant

     DS (Kiyone): Go free, breathy pant, go free!

and took that hold off her partner's head, placing them lightly
on the top.

     ZR: Let's not try to make sense of that...

Mihoshi tried to keep
up the rhythm of pleasing her partner, sliding her tongue around the meaty
flesh, trying hard not to bite
down. She let the whole thing come out her mouth, holding the rod carefully
in her hands as she serviced
the head better.

     ZR (Sasami): Hi!  Don't mind me, just going down to the kitchen to
        get a midnight snack!
     GJ (Kiyone): ARGH!  You really killed the mood!

Kiyone moaned lazily with a wider smile "That's...pretty
good Mihoshi"

     DS (Kiyone): ...you incompetent idiot!  You can't do anything right...
        Oh, sorry, just yelling at you out of habit.

But it changed to
a smirk. "I guess you watch that tape more often.don't you..."

     ZR (Mihoshi): Yes.  Duct tape fascinates me.
     GJ (Kiyone): Damn Canadian!

she stopped
with a breath. "Slut?" those
words made Mihoshi pick up her pace, feeling the head of it bulge in her
slippery mouth. All the sounds
and attention on her made Kiyone grit her teeth with wincing eyes.

     DS: Wouldn't sand or gravel be more effective for gritting your
        teeth?  I mean, wincing eyes just don't have much grit...
     ZR: You're taking this garbage far too literally.

"Uwhaaa.going  to..!" With a sharp
moan, she splurged out onto Mihoshi face with hot gushing semen.

     GJ: She has no balls, yet she can produce semen.
     DS: Very observant!

Mihoshi
nearly gagged on what shot
into her mouth, pulling out Kiyone's tool from her mouth. More of it
spluttered onto her cheeks and button
nose, dribbling down onto her breasts.

     DS: ...while some more of it covered her kneecaps, half the sofa,
        most of the walls, and a few gallons landed in the kitchen.
     GJ: Mass quantities of semen, apparently.
     ZR: Nah.  Just typical porn quantities, really.

Sky blue eyes looked right into
Kiyones' with a mouth full of cum,
showing her gulp hard the salty goodness down her buttery throat. "Its.very
warm"

     ZR: Probably the nicest thing she can think of saying.
     GJ (Mihoshi): It sure tastes... interesting.

She made a small,
hiccup of shock, embarrasing her self a bit.

     ZR: A BIT?  Going down on a woman's penis is A BIT EMBARRASSING?
     DS: That's still a lot more sense of shame than most characters in
        lemons have.
     GJ: Going down on a woman's penis is probably the author's greatest
        fantasy.
     ZR: Going down on a cartoon woman's penis.
     DS: Going down on a cartoon woman's chrome covered penis.
     GJ: ...who just molested him in his sleep...
     ZR: ...as part of a threesome also involving a blue otter...
     DS: ...with bronzed breasts...
     GJ: ...and pedals in his underwear.

Seeing Mihoshi's cute face blushing was all Kiyone needed to get
hard again. "Now Mihoshi..."
Kiyone dangerous grin returned.

     DS: It's the Cheshire Kiyone again!  Expect the rest of her to
        reappear any second now!

"Get up...and go to the couch"

     ZR (Mihoshi): We are on the couch!

Kiyone
pointed to where she wanted Mihoshi
to go, which she did. Kiyone followed, tossing Mihoshi over the end on the
side of the couch,

     GJ (Kiyone): Ooooh, she's lighter than I thought!

now leaving her
ass up infront of Kiyone. Mihoshi shuddered like she was cold
"K-Kiyone?...are you?"

     ZR (Mihoshi): ...as fucked up as the author?
     DS: I doubt that's possible.

"You bet Mihoshi!"
She answerd, placing her phallus ontop of the tan butt cheeks of her
parther.

     GJ: Her panther?
     DS: No, her part her.  It says that quite clearly.

"This is going to be too good.

     ZR: Lesbian anal sex?  Let's hope not...
     GJ: Nothing in this story has been good, and I doubt anything will
        be, either.

Kiyone was almost salivating at the beautiful body infront of her...letting
the penis slide down Mihoshi's crack
and down to the hot area that awaited it. "Nice and soft...Mihoshi?..hm?"

     DS (Mihoshi): Yes.  Your penis is nice and soft.

She teased. Mihoshi's face rubbed the
couch as she turned her head. "Please Kiyone!

     ZR (Mihoshi): Go find Dojin Diaster and fuck him up the ass instead!

..yessss.."
"How about..."

     DS (Kiyone): ...we just shoot him in the ass instead?

Kiyone hand reeled backward..and landed onto the right
cheek of her tan friend, making
a small *thwap!* sound, causing Mihoshi to moan out. "I give it to you the
way you want it, slut?"

     GJ (Mihoshi): Then give me the author's head on a silver platter!

She drove the
cock into the small area, causing excess wetness to slip out in the tight
slit. Mihoshi.Went.Beserk.

     ZR: William.  Shatner.  Was.  Narrating.
     GJ: Readers.  Got.  Tired.  Of.  Overused.  Shatner.  Joke.  That.
        Recurs.  In.  Every.  Damn.  MST.
     ZR: But.  Author.  Was.  Really.  Asking.  For.  It.
     GJ: All.  Right.  Enough.

"Aah..aaaah!!" she wailed,

     GJ: ...instantly waking up everybody in the house.
     ZR (Ayeka): RYOKO!  WHAT ARE YOU DOING WITH LORD TEN-  Oh, never
        mind.  Can I watch?

her hands tighting on the side of the
couch cushions with her face down
into it, smelling her own musk of sweat and body fluids from her breasts.
Kiyone also let out a moan of gratifactation
now pumping wildly into her.

     GJ: The moan of gratification was pumping wildly into Kiyone, right?
     DS: If you love a moan of gratification, set it free.
     ZR: If it comes back and pumps wildly into you, feed the author
        rusty razorblades.

gripping onto Mihoshi's ass cheeks tightly.
"oh..OH Mihoshi!" The sound of flesh
smacking wet flesh filled the living room, Mihoshi's song of extacsy drowing
it out.

     GJ: Or, as Mr. Sinister might put it, "SMACK SMACK SMACK - YELL
        SCREAM".
     ZR: Now there's a true poet.

"oh gawwwwd Kiyone!" She
forced her legs to keep apart for Kiyone as she pumped, teeth gritting hard.
"Your so tight!..ooooh!"

     ZR: Uh... tightness is relative.  Unless Kiyone's got experience
        fucking other people with her penis already, how the hell could she
        make that judgement?
     GJ: She's probably humped Tenchi a few hours ago.
     ZR and DS: GARLIC PRESS!
     (What else do you expect but the Garlic Press thundering down on
     Garlic Junior's head?)
     GJ: Owww...
     DS: If you quit repeating that, you would no longer continue to get
        pounded.

The blue hair
Kiyone wanted more,

     ZR: ...but the teal-haired Kiyone didn't.
     GJ (teal-haired Kiyone): Damn nymphomaniac otter.

leaning her self even more inside her parther, she
snatched her left hand around Mihoshi's shoulder
and giving more thrust.

     ZR (Kiyone piloting the Yagami): Engines are at 80% thrust...

"KIY-*hic*ONE! Oh..*hic* *hic* KIYONE!" The twisted
love making had forced hiccups in
Mihoshi's throat,

     ZR: The twisted writing, on the other hand, is giving me
        indigestion.
     GJ: Do you really find it that disturbing?
     ZR: The sex is merely idiotic, but the massive amounts of bad
        grammar are sickening.

her babbling cut short with a choke. The pounding
increaced, placing the blonde girl onto her tan tippy
toes, her whole body aching in spasms. Kiyone did slow down however, feeling
her limit arise,

     ZR: Yes.  We're sure Kiyone is somehow already very familiar with
        the limits of her new sex organ.
     GJ: Well, I guess she's been masturbating all evening to find out.
     ZR and DS: GARLIC PRESS!
     (The Garlic Press, as expected, falls down on the head of Garlic
     Junior, who definitely does not seem happy about it.)

turning Mihoshi onto herback
Mihoshi was even more back and continuing to fuck her to a quivering mass
of sweat.

     ZR (Tenchi, to Katsuhito): So now how do we settle our bet about
        whether they're lesbians?
     GJ (Katsuhito, to Tenchi): Silence!  I am watching!  I must
        concentrate!

Mihoshi was even more
insanly on that brink."AAAAAAAAAH *hic* KIYONE ITS GONNA HAPPEN! DONT SLOW
DOWN!"
"Me too,Mihoshi!"

     GJ (Ryoko): Me three!
     ZR (Mihoshi): Ack!  Where'd you come from?

Kiyone grabbed for her partner shapley legs, clinging on
for dear life as she was about to pump
her "love semen".

     GJ: As opposed to her "hate semen"?

"oh GAW-*hic* Mihoshi finally had a pleasure overload,

     DS: Nothing like a GAW-*hic* with a missing quotation mark to give
        one a pleasure overload.

springing up to latch her arms around Kiyones neck
and screamed her lungs out in release, over and over...it seem to last a
whole 3 minutes.

     DS (Mihoshi): AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
        AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
        AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
        AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
        AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
        AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
        AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
        AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
        AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
        AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
        AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
        AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
        AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
        AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
        AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGH!
     ZR: Impressive lungs, but CAN YOU SHUT THE FUCK UP?

She finally gave out, collapsing in a
mass of quivers and twitches in Kiyone's arms.

     GJ (Noboyuki): No!  Don't stop!  I have at least 20 more minutes
        of film left!

Kiyone also gave into the
pressure, spraying her "semen" onto the pedals of

     ZR: What's with this guy's pedal fetish?
     DS: I don't know, for I am mad!  Pedals in underwear, bronzed
        breasts, chrome penises, girl penises, threesomes with otters...
     GJ: There's something seriously wrong with our author, that is
        certain.
     ZR: There are some sick fucks writing lemons out there, and Dojin
        Diaster may not be the sickest, but he certainly has the largest
        quantity of laughably idiotic problems.

the near unconcious girl and onto her body.

     ZR: Wait... if she has no balls, where's this semen coming from?
     DS: Maybe it's not real semen... that's why it's in quotation marks.
     GJ: I assume it has to be some sort of liquid which is available
        near her groin... probably either urine or blood!
     ZR and DS: GARLIC PRESS!  GARLIC PRESS!  GARLIC PRESS!
     (The Garlic Press slams down on Garlic Junior three times in rapid
     succession.  He looks definitely dazed.)
     ZR: Cool!
     GJ (moaning): Owwwwwwwwwwwww...

"K-Kiyone.." Mihoshi's cute face

     GJ (moaning): Owwwwwwwwwwwwww...

bunched up as she was still recovering. All Kiyone

     GJ (moaning): Owwwwwwwwwwwwwww...

did was smile, locking her lips onto her partner...lover's lips.

     GJ (moaning): Owwwwwwwwwwwwwwww...

"Sleep Tight. Lovely."

     ZR (Kiyone): ...so I can molest you in your sleep again!
     GJ (moaning): Owwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww...

"K..Kiyone...?"

     GJ (moaning): Owwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww...

"H..hey!?" It was morning already

     DS: Morning already?  Did that lemon scene take hours?
     ZR: It was so boring and stupid it felt like years...
     GJ (moaning): Owwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww...

and as if Washu was like a robot

     GJ (moaning): Owwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww...
     ZR: Damit... we might have overdone it... as much as I like to see
        Garlic Junior suffer, this moaning is annoying!
     GJ: Oh, I'm better now.  I was just moaning to annoy you.
     ZR: Fuck off and leave annoyance to the authors.  They're much better
        at it anyway.

that never slept, she was toiling around her work
shop.

     GJ (Kiyone): Hey, Washu!  I've got something to show you!  I'm sure
        you'll like it!

"I knew I had them on this shelf!" Kiyone, who was a morning person
time to time, Was making her way over to the
kitchen. "Watch'ya looking for Washu? "These pills...Aeka and Ryoko wanted
me to make, Once Tenchi came back from Tokyo

     ZR: Well, no wonder this was such a piece of garbage.  It's the Shin
        Tenchi continuity!
     GJ: Oh, come on.  You may not like Shin Tenchi, but not even La Blue
        Girl is this bad.
     ZR: All right, all right, you got a point... I still have to bitch
        about Shin Tenchi when I get the chance!

they wanted him to drink something with these pills I created, to send his
sexual agression into overload"
"Ooh Really?"

     ZR (Washu): Really.  What else do you expect me to be inventing in a
        lemon?
     GJ: You have to give Dojin Diaster credit, though.  He took an
        overused and idiotic plot device and took it to new levels of
        stupidity.
     DS: Hear, hear.

"Yeah. But they where still an expiriment...

     ZR (Washu): Of course, everything I do is an experiment.

Im not sure what would
happen if one of us took It"

     GJ (Washu): That will be my next experiment!

Kiyone giggled as if she was guilty. "Well who knows? Have you seen
Mihoshi"
"Thats another thing!" Washu blurted. "What in the world is Mihoshi
doing up so early? The lazy thing went
straight to the Yagami to go get something."

     ZR (Washu): She muttered something about a "dojin diaster", "heavy
       weapons" and "blood murder death kill".

Kiyone had a good idea what it
was...videotapes, maybe?

     DS: No.  She was going to fly away and flee the land of lemons.
     ZR: ...and flee the Shin Tenchi continuity!

whoo! im so sorry for getting this out

     DS: You should be!  But then why submit it?
     GJ: At least it's over... I hope!

so late

     ZR: It's never late enough, with this sort of worthless trash.

X Xand if it seems a bit
rushed

     GJ: A bit rushed?  Most lemon writers seem to shit these things out,
        but yours reads like you drank a bottle of laxative beforehand.

Im sorry!

     ZR: Yes, your ass is sorry indeed.

coming soon:

     All MSTers: NO!

3 times the action!

     DS: Kiyone gets three penises!
     ZR: Let's hope not!
     GJ: Fortunately, this appears to be the only lemon this dolt wrote.
     (Smolken and Rowsdower sigh with relief.)

     (The screen fades to black, the doors click open, and the MSTers
     exit the theater.)

     (Outside the theater.)
     (Washu, breathing heavily, and holding a chainsaw, is standing over
        a table full of puppets.)
     ZR: Noooo!  What are you doing!
     Washu: Making final adjustments!
     (Washu swings the chainsaw at the mass of puppets, and while
     everyone else stares in shock, delicately grazes one of them.)
     Washu: There!  Finished!
     (Washu sets the chainsaw, which the MSTers only now realize was not
        running, down, and flips a Giant Mad Scientist switch.)
     Smolken puppet A: He is Smolken!
     Smolken puppet B: He is mad!
     Smolken puppet A: He does not know whether he is mad, for he is mad!
     Smolken puppet B: He does not know how it is that he knows that he
        does not know whether he is mad, for he is mad!
     Smolken puppets: Rat coffin filth for Smolken!
     Washu: Good enough!  Now, as for you two overusing the Garlic
        Press...
     (Smolken and Rowsdower try to look innocent.)
     DS: I plead insanity, for I am mad!
     Washu: I knew you'd attempt to overuse it.  Fortunately, I adjusted
        its charging circuit so that repeated blows have no further effect.
     GJ: Ha!
     Washu: I need good readings for my experiments, after all.  But...
        maybe they're not as important as demon control.  I'll have to
        make further adjustments.  Perhaps I'll have to borrow Inu-Yasha
        for a special demon-control experiment... now leave me alone so I
        can work...
     (Washu types something on her holo-laptop, and the MSTers vanish into
        thin air, off to NOT grow extra penises in their respective
        realities...)

     So, Washu's fourth experiment is complete... time for author's notes.
     Direct any ire, comments or raven skulls to smolken@spacemoose.com.
     Thanks to countless MSTers (especially Peter Suzuki, Bob and Jerry,
Loden Taylor, Ksawarrior, Cyrus "Rowsdower" Marriner and Shane Insane) for
inspiration.
     And now, your moment of Zen:

At the thought of Mihoshi the new girl penis stretched out in Kiyone's
jeans.
