Disclaimers: Nothing here belongs to me except for the idea of the
story.

The song "You Don't See Me" is used for this fanfic. I got the song off
of the "Josie and the Pussycats" soundtrack CD.

The song "When Your Eyes Say It" is used for this fanfic. I got the
song from Britney Spear's sophomore album, "Oops!...I Did It Again"

"..." talking
'...' thinking
=...= lyrics

@--->----

Title: Could You Love Me?
Author: Ayumi-chan
E-mail: AyumiTsukino@aol.com
Rated: PG13
Tenchi Muyo Site: http://www.geocities.com/littleryoko16

@--->----

Night was always the worst. Ryoko stared out through the wavy glass
panes that distorted the darkness, saw only her weary reflection, and
wondered how much longer she could stand it.

As far back as she could remember, every day ever since her release
from the cave, Ryoko had done everything in her power, from the first
gray hint of dawn till blackness curtained the mullioned windows of the
Masaki house to get Tenchi to at least acknowledge her existence.

'Would you like someone to talk to, Ryoko dear?' Washu, the greatest
scientist in the universe and also her mother asked telepathically.

Ryoko frowned. 'Get out of my head.'

'Are you sure?'

'Get out!' Ryoko screamed through the link before blocking it off from
Washu.

"Damn that Washu!" Ryoko mumbled, teleporting out of her room. "And
damn that Zero too, for making me feel this way." She added.

Ryoko appeared on the roof of the house, just above Tenchi's room. She
glanced up at the sky as tears began to cloud her vision.

'Tenchi.' Ryoko silently cried out.

In Tenchi's room, Tenchi opened his eyes. He felt like someone was
calling out for him, but he didn't have any idea who it would be.

"I probably dreamt that whole thing up." Tenchi muttered, getting out
of bed to open his window. "That's better." He sighed and got back into
bed.

As a breeze blew in his window, he heard something that sounded like an
angel singing. Curious, Tenchi got up again and leaned out the window a
bit. That's when he heard it.

=This is the place where I sit
This is the part where I love you too much
Is this as hard as it gets
Cause I'm getting tired of pretending you're tough
I'm here if you want me
Yours you can hold me
I'm empty and taken and tumbling' and breaking'
Cause you don't see me
And you don't need me
And you don't love me
The way I wish you would
The way I know you could=

"Who is that singing?" Tenchi whispered. 'It sounds like it's coming
from the roof... I better go see."

Tenchi quietly crept out of his room to get up onto the roof.

Another tear fell from Ryoko's eyes as she began singing the next verse
of the song.

=I dream a world where you understand
That I dream a million sleepless nights
But I dream of fire when you're touching my hand
But it twists into smoke when I turn on the lights
I'm speechless and faded
It's too complicated
Is this how the book ends
Nothing but good friends
Cause you don't see me
And you don't need me
And you don't love me
The way I wish you would=

Tenchi stood on the roof in shock. There in front of him was a
cyan-haired angel... Ryoko. He watched silently as tears kept falling,
unable to will his body to move towards her... to comfort... to love?

=This is the place in my heart
This is the place where I'm falling apart
Isn't this just where we met
Is this the last chance that I'll ever get
I wish I was lonely
Instead of just stoney
Crystal and see-through and not enough to you
Cause you don't see me
And you don't need me
And you don't love me
The way I wish you would

The way I know you could=

"One day I'll tell you Tenchi Masaki." Ryoko whispered, not noticing
that she wasn't alone.

'Tell me what?' Tenchi wondered.

"One day, I promise you'll know that I love you... I love you with
every breath that I take, every beat in my heart, every tear that I
shed." One last tear trailed down her pale cheek as she teleported
herself off of the roof.

Tenchi stared at the spot that Ryoko had just occupied. 'She loves me
that much? But I don't even know who I love.' He sighed and slowly
walked back into his room. To preoccupied to sleep, he stayed up all
night, coming to terms what he always tried to avoid. Which of the
girls did he love.

'I know it now. I've always loved you... Ryoko.' Tenchi sighed. Now he
just had to figure out a way to tell Ryoko and not hurt Ayeka in the
process.

"It won't matter. Ayeka will get hurt by my decision anyway." He
whispered.

As morning arrived, the smell of food preparing in the kitchen slowly
woke the Masaki household up until everyone was seated, waiting for
a grab at the food.

"Okay... you can begin." Sasami giggled.

Everyone dug in.

"Wow! All this food is great Sasami." Ryoko happily attacked her plate.

"Thank you Ryoko." Sasami beamed.

"Yes. It's very delicious." Ayeka praised, taking another bite.

"I agree." Tenchi replied.

"Me too."

"Me too."

"Right on!"

"Delightful."

"The best."

Sasami blushed. "Thank you."

Stuffing the last bite into her mouth, Ryoko placed her fork on the
table. "Well I'm done." Ryoko clapped her hands together and stood up.

Everyone stopped eating and stared at her.

"What?" Ryoko asked, getting a tad annoyed.

Sasami asked sweetly. "Wouldn't you like another plate Ryoko? You've
never turned down a second helping."

"I'm sorry Sasami. I guess I'm not as hungry as I was yesterday."
Taking one quick glance at Tenchi, she disappeared.

=I love to hear you say that you love me 
With words so sweet 
And I love the way with just one whisper 
You tell me everything 
And when you say those words 
It's the sweetest thing I've ever heard=

"Excuse me. There's something I need to do." Tenchi stood up and was
about to walk away when Ayeka stopped him.

"L-Lord Tenchi?"

"Yes, Miss Ayeka?" Tenchi turned to face her.

"Is something wrong?" Ayeka looked worry.

"I need to go find Ryoko, that's all." Tenchi turned and continued on
his way.

'That demon woman!' She fumed inwardly. "But why?" Ayeka replied,
clearly angry at his sudden concern for the space pirate. "She's just a
lying thieving monster! Just leave her be!"

Tenchi stopped once again and turned back to Ayeka, very angry. "Ayeka.
I know there's no other way around it." He sighed. "I love..."

Ayeka interrupted him immediately. "Oh, I knew it. You've always loved
me." 

"Ayeka, you don't understand."

"Of course I do. You want to spend the rest of your life with me." She
grinned and stepped forward, enveloping him in a hug. "Well, I lov..."

"Ayeka. I was trying to tell you that I love Ryoko... not you." Pushing
her away a bit.

"What?!?" Shocked, she took a couple of steps back.

"I love Ryoko." He sighed and looked at the ground. "I'm sorry."

Tenchi took his eyes away from the ground to look at her, and realized
that she was gone. He sighed in defeat.

"It was eventually going to happen one day."

Tenchi set off again to find Ryoko.

=But when your eyes say it 
That's when I know that it's true 
I feel it 
I feel the love coming through 
I know it 
I know that you truly care for me 
'Cause it's there to see 
When your eyes say it=

Ryoko sighed as she entered the mouth of the cave that imprisoned her
for 700 years. "Back where we first met." A tear fell. "I love you
Tenchi."

Ryoko fell to her knees as the sobs her soo longed to hide broke free.

=I love all the ways that you show me 
You'll never leave 
And the way your kisses, they always convince me 
Your feelings run so deep 
I love the things you say 
And I love the love your touch conveys=

"Why do you torment me so... I'd give up everything, just to hear you
say you loved me back." Ryoko hugged her knees.

=But when your eyes say it 
That's when I know that it's true 
I feel it 
I feel the love coming through 
I know it 
I know that you truly care for me 
'Cause it's there to see 
When your eyes tell me 
I know they're not telling lies 
They tell me 
All that you're feeling inside 
And it sounds so right 
When your eyes say it, say it=

"I love you too."

"Tenchi!" Ryoko gasped and stood up, rapidly drying her face to cover
the tears. "What are you doing here?"

"Looking for you." Tenchi stepped closer.

"Why?"

"Because I love you."

"Don't lie Tenchi. Not about that." Ryoko looked down, kicking the dirt
around her feet.

"Why would I lie about that?" Tenchi asked.

"Because... you couldn't love a monster like me. I've done bad things
in my past..."

"Under the control of Kagato."

"But I still did it anyway."

"You can't change what's in the past." Tenchi walked until he was
standing face to face with her. He gently lifted her face up.

Ryoko averted her eyes until Tenchi spoke again.

"Ryoko... look at me."

"What?" Ryoko mumbled.

"What does my eyes say to you?"

Ryoko slowly glanced up as another tear fell down her cheek and saw
love shining through them. Not pity, not hate, but love.

"I..."

=When your eyes tell me 
I know they're not telling lies 
They tell me 
All that you're feelin' inside 
And it sounds so right 
When your eyes say it=

"I love you... my Ryoko." Tenchi pulled her into his embrace. "I've
always loved you. I was just too stubborn to admit it."

"I love you too."

This time, Ryoko shed a tear not out of sadness, but of joy as Tenchi
captured her lips in an earth-shattering kiss.

Minutes later.

"But what about Ayeka?" Ryoko whispered.

"I all ready told her who my heart chose."

"Oh... okay." Ryoko slowly smiled.

"So where will I be sleeping tonight?"

Tenchi blushed and felt a nosebleed coming on, which did. Ryoko laughed
outloud.

"You're soo cute when you do that."

This only caused Tenchi to blush more.

FIN.

.:Edited 09/22/01:.