Our Tittle: The MST ship #CR-1956 The Battleship Raid

                        Story title: Craeyst's Ruins

Raid: an Alpha Strike cruiser. A ship both vast and powerful, an Alpha
Strike easily earns the GP Classification of Omega Type. But Raid is more
than a ship. Raid is a living entity, the human component that makes up the
massive central computer of the cruiser.

For all of his size and complexity, though, Raid requires one crucial
element: a mobile being. This being is needed for both companionship and
off-ship missions. And so, Raid journeyed to Earth to find this being.

He found Craeyst Raygal.

Raygal, an author and romanticist, was sitting in his parlor one-day
sketching images of his three most beloved women. All was well in his world,
his stocks were up, his cholesterol was down, and his wine cellar was filled
to the rafters. It was a blissful day in Monaco. His maid had just come by
to clean up the penthouse and do his laundry. As usual, she wore that skimpy
black dress he liked so much. Life was good.



Raid: "Raygal"

Craeyst: "Hullo? What’s all this then?" (ties his crimson silk robe shut as
he stands up)

Raid: "Craeyst. You have been chosen out of thousands to be my only link to
the outside world."

Craeyst: "Might I suggest going with Sprint PCS instead. They have fabulous
rates, old boy."

Raid: (Slight pause) "No. Now look outside of your window and see where you
are."

Craeyst walked over to his balcony and threw open the blinds. He found
himself in what appeared to be a park, contained inside of what might be a
starship, with a large metal column that rose straight up to the ceiling.

Craeyst: "Bloody Hell?" (walks out onto his balcony and leans on the
railing. He hears a humming sound behind him. He turns to see a holographic
image of a creature, part man, part cat, with angelic wings sprouting from
its back) What the devil are you?

Raid: (activating all speakers for effect) I AM RAID. (cat creature points
to column and disappears)

Craeyst: (looks to column with one eyebrow raised) That explained absolutely
nothing. (Leaves penthouse and walks to the column, seeing it as the only
logical move)

Raid: (speaking from column) I am Raid, Cruiser #CR-1956. The R stands for
my name, which is Raid. The C, if you choose to accept this, will stand for
Craeyst.

Craeyst: One bloody moment. What exactly is it that I’m not or am agreeing
to?

Raid: You are agreeing or disagreeing to become the partner of one of the
most powerful cruisers in the galaxy, a cruiser that has a wine cellar that
completely dwarfs your own.

Craeyst pauses at the words ‘wine cellar’. This middle-aged Monacan
transplant is intrigued at this offer. Voyage across the galaxy. See sights
unseen by man. Meet exotic women unmet by man. Taste wines as yet un-tasted.
But still, Sylvie was bound to come by later on that day to attend to him at
his bath. She did this wild little thing with her hips that was simply
irresistible. How could he leave that behind?

Raid: (believes that the pause must be woman related) By the way, if there’s
anyone you’d want to bring along for companionship, I can arrange that.

Craeyst: Are you daft man? Sylvie can be most unpleasant on long trips. I
drove with her once to Brittany and it was unbearable.

Raid: You don’t seem to realize that I’m the size of a Small Moon, do you?

Craeyst: I’m only saying that she only comes by twice a day for the purposes
of cleaning my pad and keeping me relaxed. She’s a bleedin’ maid, not a
wife. Now what is my task supposed to be here?

Raid: Quite simple. Keep me company and………

Craeyst: Yes?

Raid: when necessary…

Craeyst: (somewhat worried) What?

Raid: Handle the acquisition of supplies when at port. (Craeyst facefaults.)

And so it came to pass that the author and gentleman Craeyst Raygal came
aboard the Alpha Strike cruiser Raid. Life went along quite swimmingly,
actually. Although he missed that crazy little thing that Sylvie did with
her hips, Craeyst rather liked life shipboard. It was comfortable, clean,
generally sane, and everything he had hoped for until one day…

Raid: (cat creature hologram walks up to Craeyst, holding a sheaf of papers,
while the Monacan is reclining in one of his easy chairs, smoking his pipe.)
Craeyst, I’ve been reading some of your work and I’d like to invite a group
of my friends over to critique it.

Craeyst: (sits up in easy chair and raises an eyebrow) Critique? Why would
you say that is necessary?

Raid: When you get to be over a millennia old, you pick up some weird
hobbies.

Craeyst: (a bit startled) A millennia? I’ll be dipped.

Raid: Shells tend to be a couple thousand years old due to the processes we
go through. The only reason none of us have made it to a million is that
things get so boring out here. Especially when your friends keep dying on
you.

Craeyst; (remains silent and walks over to his wardrobe) I suppose I’d
better get dressed before our guests arrive, then. (begins dressing in
classic 17th century noble’s clothing)

Raid: (dropping bombshell) Actually, they’re already on the bridge waiting
for you.

Craeyst: (shakes head as he adjusts his ascot) You really need to develop a
sense of timing, Raid old boy. (runs a comb through his graying hair and
leaves his penthouse)

Craeyst begins his long walk to the bridge. It didn’t really help that the
corridors were too narrow for most of the sports cars that were in his
basement garage. Nor was it at all helpful that the bridge was nearly
fourteen miles away from the cargo bay. When he did arrive at the bridge, he
found a rather surprising group of individuals there. A group he never had
expected to see at all.

Raid: Well, these are my friends. (Cat creature hologram points out each
person as Raid introduces the three guests, although they truly didn’t need
any introduction) I’d like you to meet Miss Ryoko, Prince Vegeta of the
Saya-jinn, and Miss Relena Peacecraft, Princess of the fallen Sanq Kingdom.

Craeyst: (quite speechless, his pipe falls out of his mouth as his jaw
dropped) The bloody hell? I am not seeing this. Princess Relena, here?
Vegeta: one of the strongest fighters in the known universe. Ryoko: space
pirate extraordinaire and highly popular pin-up model. I’ve written stories
with all of them as characters. How can this be?

Raid: When you get to be over millennia old, you pick up some weird hobbies.
(mumbles) Especially when an esteemed super-genius opens an
inter-dimensional rift on your ship.

(Craeyst shakes his head and reaches down to pick up his pipe, only to find
that one of the clean-bots had already gotten to it.)

Craeyst: In any case, why do we need this many people to critique one of my
stories?

Raid: Ohhhh. Did I say critique? I meant (lightning strikes and booming
thunder surround Craeyst and the guests) MST!!! BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!

The doors slam shut as Raid’s laughter fades. Another door opens behind
them, with many special effects as accompaniment. All of a sudden, a body
that looked a lot like Raid’s holographic cat creature stepped through it.

Raid: (cat creature speaking) Meet my prosthetic body. Fully functional and
capable of doing anything you can.

Craeyst: That’s all well and good but that doesn’t mean you had to lock us
in here.

Ryoko: Yeah! What’s the big idea, huh?

Raid: Well, you guys usually get stuck with MST’s of really bad lemons. I
was worried you might run if I asked you.

Vegeta: Even so, I should rip you limb from limb and then burn your remains
with the heat of my rage.

Raid: I hate to break to you, Vegeta, but Washu gave me a few features in
exchange for opening that vortex. Including one that cancels out all of your
powers and can give them to whomever I wish. So, stick to picking on Ryoko.

Ryoko: Hey!

Craeyst: My dear, do not be offended by my associate. He means no harm.

Relena: I hope this won’t take to long.

And so, with his MST crew assembled, Raid set out to ‘break them in’ with
one of Craeyst’s very own fics, Gold & Silver.

-It Begins-

Ryoko: Oh No!

Vegeta: Why must we be subjected to such torture?

Relena: Please. I have done neither of you any harm.

Craeyst: My stories are neither offensive, nor poorly crafted. This MST is
futile.

Raid: Just because I went over the first few parts with spell-check doesn’t
mean it’s perfect. Mihoshi is completely out of character after the first
part and you have a lot of repeating phrases.

Craeyst: AND? People aren’t so original that they never say the same thing
twice.

Raid: Like I said, when you get to be over millennia old, you pick up some
weird hobbies.



Before we begin this venture into the world of the Tenchi Muyo OAV universe,
my team of incredibly high priced bloodsuckers, er lawyers

Raid: Was it wise to call your lawyers ‘bloodsuckers’?

Craeyst: They are a very understanding group of gentlemen. Of course, with
their fees I might as well being paying in blood.

tell me that unless I want to pay their fees I must tell all of you that I
do not own Tenchi Muyo and its related characters. I also do not own Frank
Herbert's novel Dune. I simply used the name of a planet within the Dune
universe, Calaban because the name is so perfect for the home planet of a
noble.

Ryoko: Craeyst I read this book once and if I do recall that planet’s name
is Caladan not ban.

Craeyst: Yes it is but I liked Calaban more.



I do own Trinth Milodon and would be forced into severe action if someone
used him without my authority (not to say I wouldn't grant his use if it
were requested). Thank you very much for listening to this rant

Relena: You are not welcome.

Craeyst: It’s not my bloody fault Raid is doing this to us.

Vegeta: You made it. You take responsibility for it or I will tear your head
from your shoulders so you can watch as I incinerate your body.

and enjoy part 1 of....

Gold & Silver Part 1- A Discovery of the Past

Raid: Craeyst I have a question for you.

Craeyst: Yes?

Raid: I have scanned this and the other stories and no mention is ever made
of the two elements in the title.

Craeyst: It’s rather simple, really. Take one look at Trinth’s hair. Then,
look at Mihoshi’s hair. That, my friend, is from whence the title is
derived.

Others: Ohhhhhhh…

It was another one of those routine spring days at the Masaki household.
Sasami was cooking, Ryoko was sleeping,

Ryoko (offended): I do NOT sleep all the time!

Craeyst: My dear young lady, I only referred to you as doing such because it
is such a pleasant image.

Vegeta: Besides, it would have taken you out of character to do otherwise.

Ayeka was tending to Ryu-Oh, Washu was in her lab doing lord knows, and
Mihoshi was at the shrine sweeping.

"I'm finished!" Mihoshi called out in a joyous voice. She looked around
herself to see no sign of Katsuhito. "That's odd." she stated. "He usually
strolls out of the shrine and comments on how I've done. This is really
strange."

Relena: She talks to herself?

Vegeta: She could possibly be talking to someone she thinks is there, you
know.

Raid: We are talking about Mihoshi, here. C’mon, think about it Relena.

Craeyst: You two should really give the girl more credit than that. I mean,
she’s a sweetheart, she is.

Raid: Tell that to Washu. What’s the running tab on lab damage caused by
Mihoshi?

Vegeta: Close to the cost of that get-up Raygal here is wearing.

Craeyst: That was uncalled for!

Relena: I shouldn’t have opened my mouth. (whispers to Craeyst) Do you know
where I can find an outfit like that for Heero? Milliardo won’t tell me
where he shops.

Mihoshi dropped the broom and announced in her best detective voice "I'll
find Grandfather!"

Raid: This I don’t get. Why do all you girls call Yosho ‘Grandfather’? You
aren’t even related.

Ryoko: It’s an honorary title sort of thing. Read up on Japan sometime.

Raid: Oh.

and with that she dashed into the shrine office. Her search was short-lived
as in her mad dash she tripped over a box of odds and ends. "Oww!" she
wailed as she rubbed her now sore shin.

"Now, now. What's all the fuss in here?" a mello voice spoke. Mihoshi looked
up to see a concerned, and somewhat amused, Katsuhito gazing down at her.

Vegeta (as Katsuhito): From this angle, I can tell you wear black lace
underwear. I also suggest you switch to underwire.

"Ohh, umm, I was kind of worried when you didn't come outside when I called
so I came inside to look for you and I sort of fell over this box." she
stammered a she pointed to the overturned container.

Ryoko: How do you sort of fall over a box? I thought that falling over was a
fairly you did or you didn’t deal.

"Mihoshi? You didn't forget that I said I'd be training Tenchi today, did
you?" Grandfather questioned. "I, I, I, uh, um.." Mihoshi squeaked as she
broke into tears. An exasperated look flashed across the old man's face.

"No need to cry about it, child." he said mildly, "We'll just clean this up
and forget the whole thing." Mihoshi's eyes brightened as she nodded eagerly
in agreement to the elder's plan.

The clean up was just about over. Most of it had just been old junk like
broken bokken

Raid: Hey. That rhymes.

and unraveling robes. Mihoshi was about to cast yet another object into the
box when a particular article caught her eye. There, in the corner of the
room, lying face down, was a framed picture. She picked it up and looked at
the image contained in the simple, silver and wooden frame. The picture was
of two young men. One was standing very straight wearing Juraiin robes and a
serious expression. Mihoshi recognized him as Yosho. The other, whom Mihoshi
never had seen before, was a sharp contrast to Yosho's grim appearance. The
man had shoulder length, wavy, silver hair and dark blue eyes. He was
obviously very athletic and, judging by the pair of daggers in sheaths
across his chest, a fighter of some mettle. His clothing consisted of a
midnight blue tunic, white breeches and black boots that flared at their
tops. Finishing the outfit was a black cape draped from his right shoulder.

Relena: He dresses like Treize and has hair like my brother.

Raid: and Craeyst is wearing something similar, too. Mere coincidence? I
think not.

Relena: Truth be told though, he is rather handsome.

Raid: (face fault) You’re kidding right?

Relena: (gives him Heero’s death glare) No.

All men: (back away in fright)

His stance and expression all seemed to reflect elegance and a bit of
danger. Mihoshi was breath-taken by the sheer beauty of this unidentified
nobleman.

"Katsuhito, could you please tell me who this is with you? Please?" she
asked softly. He looked at the picture, then at the dreamy look in the young
blonde's eyes.

Ryoko: That look is always there. It comes from the short attention span.

"That, young lady, is Trinth Milodon. The Archduke of Calaban and my
brother-in-arms from the old days... the days when I was both a prince and a
knight of Jurai." Katsuhito's eyes misted over as he remembered his comrade.
"We went on many quests together. I was logical and reserved. Always trying
to be tactical and efficient in our missions. Trinth was red-blooded
passion. He had a brilliant mind, you must realize, but he preferred to rely
on his extreme skill and his legendary charm. He was always the gentleman,
always the life of parties. He was well versed in the study of the finer
things in life. Trinth once said that he was just acting according to the
old code. He was truly a knight of old."

"He sounds wonderful." Mihoshi whispered longingly. "Do you know where he
is?"

"He lived on Earth for a time, 1947 to 2010 as I recall." Katsuhito replied,
"He had come to visit me. He stayed those years and then left to tell my
mother I was doing fine. I haven't heard from him since."

"Oh..." Mihoshi said disappointedly. "Grandfather, please tell me more about
Trinth Milodon."

Four hours later:

"Grandfather! Mihoshi! Suppertime!" called Sasami's voice from the house.
Mihoshi looked outside and found that darkness had fallen. It was indeed
suppertime. She had been listening to Grandfather's stories about Trinth for
hours.

"I'm coming Sasami!" Mihoshi replied as she stood to leave.

"Mihoshi.... before you go... I want you to have something." Katsuhito spoke
as he walked over to a large cabinet. Mihoshi's eyes opened wide as he
opened a small metal box. He reached inside and retrieved a framed
photograph similar to the one Mihoshi had found earlier except Yosho was
missing from the shot. "I have a feeling that you might want this." he said
as he handed her the picture. Mihoshi bowed deeply with gratitude and ran
off, clutching the portrait tightly to her chest as if it were Trinth
himself.

"Trinth you scoundrel." Katsuhito thought to himself as he watched the girl
run off, "Even when you're not present you can charm any girl ever created."

Vegeta: As if it takes much to charm Mihoshi.

Raid: Yeah, I get the impression she’d jump in your lap if you looked at her
right.

Relena & Ryoko: Hmmph. Men.

Craeyst: I don’t care to be lumped into the same group as those two.

After supper, Mihoshi decided she would turn in for the night. Once in her
room she began to undress for bed. Halfway through the process, she caught a
glimpse of her picture of Trinth. She had placed it next to the body-length
mirror Ayeka had given to her as a birthday present.

Ryoko: Since when does Ayeka give birthday presents? She never gave me
anything.

She sat down on her bed facing the portrait and thought about Katsuhito's
stories about the Archduke. Stories about noble quests into deep space.
Stories of battles and races that Trinth and his battle- cruiser, the mighty
Gilded Talon had entered and won. Stories of Trinth at royal balls and
sporting events. She sighed wistfully as she wished she had been a part of
those times. She turned her gaze from the picture and stood in her black
lace undergarments in front of her mirror.

Ryoko: Hey! That’s my stuff!

Vegeta: Can’t be. She’s got twice the tits you have. (Ryoko smacks Vegeta
and Relena kicks him.)

Craeyst: This is what happens when I write what I see in my mind?

"Would he want me?" The thought echoed in her mind as her eyes traversed the
vision that was displayed upon the looking glass. Her scrutiny went from
golden blonde hair to pointy, elven ears to big, bright blue eyes to her
tiny fangs to ample bust

Raid: Damn straight!

Craeyst: (as Ryoko and Relena attack him) Unwise decision, my friend.

Raid: (unhurt and smiling) But I like the attention.

to well-tanned stomach to long, flowing legs. "People say that this is what
the average guy dreams of, but Trinth, you're not average, are you?" She
said lovingly to the portrait. "I do wish you could answer. I want so much
to hear you, to touch you, to know you. Please Trinth, come to me."

Relena: The girl has fallen in love with a photograph?

Raid: Craeyst, even you have to admit that that’s a little odd.

Craeyst: Not necessarily. Is it any more odd than having an affinity for a
car you’ve never driven? Or, for that matter, wanting to go somewhere that
may not even exist?

Relena: I think it may just be a bit more odd than that, Mr. Raygal.

Several days later:

"Mihoshi!" Washu was yelling at the top of her lungs. "Mihoshi. Thank God I
found you!" Washu was panting as she ran up the shrine steps to catch up to
Mihoshi. "Mihoshi, I need you and your spaceship right now. Normally I'd ask
Ryoko, but that daughter of mine has run off somewhere and Ryo-Ohki went
with her."

Raid: Wonder what they’re up to?

Vegeta: Probably trying to come up with another way to kidnap and molest
Tenchi.

The girls: (completely maul Vegeta and Raid)

Craeyst: Miss Relena, I must admit that that behavior is most unbecoming of
you.

Raid (looking pleased and still unhurt though Vegeta looked worse for ware
): I didn’t even do anything this time!

Mihoshi was a bit confused by the actions of the scientist. "Umm, Washu what
do you need me and Yagami for?" Mihoshi asked politely.

"Fair question." quipped Washu, "I was testing a new piece of scanning
equipment when it picked up an unidentified ship's distress signal.
Naturally, I would like to respond to that cry for help. Now come on!" With
that Washu grabbed Mihoshi's arm and ran towards Yagami's hangar. Within
five minutes, the Yagami and its crew of Washu and Mihoshi were speeding
towards the Mars region where Washu said she had detected the signal.

"Ship detected at three o'clock approximately forty parsecs." reported
Yagami's computer.

"Thank you Yukinojo." Mihoshi replied. They had been searching for hours and
it was starting to wear her down. Washu was fussing with her scanner, trying
to get it to work. "Change course to intercept detected ship." Soon a
battered ship came into view upon the vidscreen. Its hull was charred soot
black and had several large holes in it. Miraculously, the ship's ID number
was still scannable from the rear vertical stabilizer. "Yukinojo, please
tell me port of origin, class, name and captain of ship #1184XJN." Mihoshi
asked her ship. "Washu, do you know if this is the ship?"

"It's near where I detected the signal so it probably is." was the
scientist's answer. "Ship identified." Yukinojo stated, "

Ship #1184XJN

port of origin- Calaban

class- Calab experimental battle cruiser

name- Gilded Talon

captain- Archduke Trinth Milodon"



Raid: Crayest, this is starting to get a little sappy.

Vegeta: Yes, its tedium is indescribable.

Relena: I’m surprised at how much passed before anyone came up with anything
to say, actually.

Ryoko: I’m surprised anyone is conscious at this point.

"This ravaged hulk was the once grand Gilded Talon? It COULDN'T be and if it
is…" Mihoshi trembled as the information sank into her mind. Tears were
welling up in her eyes as she asked Washu in a broken voice to scan for life
signs. Washu solemnly agreed.

"I found someone. It was kind of hard to scan though. There's a lot of
subspace interference. I think that ship has subspace containment fields
like the ones in my lab. I'll want to study that ship." Washu sounded eager
to inspect the vessel.

"Washu" Mihoshi said in a severe tone, "we're going to board that ship and
rescue the survivor right now." Once aboard the Talon, the women found
themselves walking down a dark corridor.

"Main power's down." Washu stated.

Vegeta: Such wonderful grasp of the obvious.

She was scanning everything. Washu was a bit perplexed by this ship. "
Subspace containment, anti- plasmic weaponry, this ship seems awfully
familiar."

Mihoshi, on the other hand, wasn't concerned with the ship in the least. It
was the captain that filled her thoughts with worry and dread.

"This isn't happening." she thought

Raid: Of course. None of it is real. It’s just a fanfic.

Craeyst: Your sarcasm is lacking, old sport.

Raid: I find the word ‘old’ very offensive. (a few large cannon drop from
the ceiling and aim at Craeyst)

Craeyst: Oh come now, this is hardly necessary. (cannon retract) There, much
better.

"Oh Trinth don't die, don't let me love a portrait and a story for the rest
of my days. God, please take me to him. I want to see him, hold him, help
him, please."

A large, elaborate, metal door

Raid: You just can’t go halfway when it comes to doors, can you?

finally halted their forward progress with odd writing on a plaque next to
it.

"Calab writing." Washu remarked as she read it, "It says that this is the
bridge." Washu held her scanner to the door. "There's good news and bad
news. Good news is that our life sign is behind this door. Bad news is that
with the power down we can't open it."

Raid (speaking over the snores of Vegeta and Ryoko as Relena puts in
earplugs and also falls asleep): Yes that would be very bad because then
Craeyst wouldn’t be able go on with this snore fest. Me I’m just sad I can’t
sleep.

Craeyst (looking pissed): Oh come on now. It can’t be that boring. Can it?

Raid: Yes…(a cannon lowers from the ceiling and targets Ryoko) and if I
can’t sleep no one will (cannon fires)

Ryoko (slightly fried): What the F&^#$@#@ hell was that for? (Cannon targets
Vegeta and fires again)

Vegeta (really fried): I’ll get you for this one Raid MARK MY WORDS I WILL
GET YOU.

Raid: Just Shut Up (Fires three more times)

Craeyst (notices Raid beginning to target Relena taps Raid on shoulder): Let
me handle this one chap. (Raid shrugs and retracts cannon under glares from
Ryoko and a toasted Vegeta. Craeyst taps Relena on shoulder) Wake up please
my dear.

Relena: Unh Wha?? Oh all right.

As soon as the word was out of Washu's mouth, Mihoshi leapt at the door and
ripped it open.

Ryoko: Since when has Mihoshi been that strong?

"Hmmn…" Washu thought, "Cyrn women only have that kind of strength when
they're under extreme emotional distress. There might be something going on
here"

Vegeta: Yes It is called a fan fiction Run while you still can.

Meanwhile, Mihoshi had walked into the dark bridge to find whoever was in
there, praying with every step that it would be whom she was seeking.

"Who goes there?" a weakened but clear and beautiful voice rang out.
"Computer, initiate auxiliary power and put some lights on up here
immediately." Once those words were spoken, the room filled with bright
light. Revealing a blood spattered room

Relena: Sounds like someone needs a new interior designer.

and the point from which the voice was emanating. The voice was coming from
an easy chair that had its back facing her. Not knowing what to do, Mihoshi
answered the question.

"I am Galaxy Police Detective First Class Mihoshi Kuramitsu, with me is
Doctor Washu Hakubi. We're responding to your distress signal." The chair
swiveled around and Mihoshi finally caught a glimpse of the owner of the
voice. It was he, the Archduke Trinth Milodon and he was wounded.

His mane of silver hair was caked with blood that was leaking from a
three-inch gash on his right temple. His left arm appeared to be broken and
he was clutching his cape around his side tightly. He was apparently trying,
and failing, to conceal the worst of his injuries; a section, roughly the
size of half a bowling ball, had been cut from his right abdomen.

Vegeta: He cannot possibly be conscious even I’d be out cold from blood
loss.

"I am sorry I do not stand to greet you." He said through gritted teeth that
tried to withhold incalculable pain and agony, "I am Trinth Milodon of
Calaban. My ship and I have experienced some damage and require assistance."

"That's the understatement of the century!"

Raid (as Trinth sarcastically): No really it’s just a scratch.

Washu said flatly as she gazed quizzically at the injured man. "Your ship is
bordering on scrap and it looks like you've taken a hit from a
disintegration ray." she said while pointing to his right side.

"We'll be taking you with us to Earth so that you can receive medical
attention and so that your ship can receive repairs." Mihoshi added. She
couldn't stop looking at his mutilated figure.

"How could anyone do this to such a beautiful man. Who could be so cruel.
Washu can heal him but it's still not fair to put someone in that much pain.
It would have been kinder to have killed him than to leave him like this"
Mihoshi was snapped out of her thoughts as, much to her horror, Trinth
attempted to stand up to offer his thanks. He got a few inches upright and
crashed to the floor of the bridge, unconscious.

Raid: Your main character is somewhat lacking in the commonsense department.

Craeyst (mumbles):<@$^$&@ ^*&^^$% #%$#^% $^**&% #&* **%&% @%% !!!

Raid (Sarcastic): My such language.

Relena: Craeyst really I’d thought better of you . -_-

His cape fell from his side, fully revealing his abdominal wound. Mihoshi
rushed over and knelt at his side. She removed his cape from its shoulder
clasp and wrapped his stomach with it.

"I won't let you die." she whispered, "I can't allow you to, not until you
know..." With that, she and Washu transported the three of them back aboard
the Yagami . Washu took Trinth to the sick bay to tend to his lesser
injuries. Wordlessly, Mihoshi put a tractor beam on the Talon's wreckage. It
was time to return to home.

Raid (sounding alarms causing members to jump to their feet in supprise):
Attention. The MST is over.



Notes from the author: I would like to take this opportunity to thank you

Vegeta: You are most definitely not WELCOME

For reading this obviously long fic.

Ryoko: You got that right.

I will appreciate comments and criticism. Please tell me what it is you
liked/disliked about this my first Tenchi fic if anything at all. I wish you
to know that your response will decide if part 2 sees the computer screens.
Also, I'd like you to help me decide on the content of part 2, I have two
incomplete versions: one regular, one lemon.

Ryoko (Really Pissed off): Raid if He has a lemon and YOU make us MTS it I
will find a way to kill you.

Raid: Don’t worry I didn’t let him finish the first one and he hasn’t posted
his second one.

Craeyst: So that’s why my file kept disappearing! Bloody Hell was my first
try really that bad.

Raid: YES!!!

Please give me feedback as to which one you desire.

Signed Craeyst Raygal

Raid (doors whir then open): The MST is over you may leave Ryoko and Vegeta.
Relena I find you to be quite an interesting person. Your quarters are on
deck 17 section 2 area C. your wardrobe has already been transported over
and.. How the Hell did you get in here Heero……..Ohhhh!!! Oh all right you
can stay too. BUT NO GUNS!!!!!!!!!



All right my turn. I do not own any of these characters except for Raid. The
idea for what Raid is comes from a book by Anne McCaffrey called "The Ship
who Sang." Craeyst belongs to Craeyst and I thank him for his help in this
venture and the permanent use of his character. This F-Fic was probably a
bad choice for a first MST but he was asking for it. I will most likely not
do the rest of this series save for the lemon. I also have a plan to use my
character in a crossover fan-fic that will be done soon. (I’m bouncing ideas
off Craeyst like he did to his friends when doing this fan-fic (the reason))

Please send all attacks to Craeyst for making such a boring story.

Send all compliments to me via E-mail

The Cruiser #CR-1956

Raid