Hilde: Oh dear god no, Smooth just changed his name and has decided to start out 
his new life as a fanfic artist with a Songfic Mega X-over. You have been warned 
(Run away, please
run away!)

Airstrike: Hey Hilde! What are you saying to the readers?<?xml:namespace prefix 
= o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" />

Hilde: Oh um.nothing.

Airstrike: Damn well better, make me a steak.

(Hilde growls and goes to the kitchen)

 

 

Cuz' I Got High

                                                     A Mega X-over Songfic 

                                                               

                                                               

(Cue opening music)

 

Tenchi: It's like I don't care about nothing man...roll another blunt.

 

(Tenchi takes the joint from Gendo and begins to blaze away)

 

Matt and Tai: Oooh oooh ooh (Tenchi blazes away) La-da-da-da-da-da la-da-da-
daaaaaaaa! (Coughs) La-da-da-da.la-da-da-da. la-da-da-daaaaaa! 

 

Vegeta: Damn that's some strong shit.

 

Tenchi: I wasn't going to go to that cave, until I got high (ooh ooh), I wasn't 
gonna release Ryoko, but then I got high. (Uh La-da-da-da-da-da-da) Now
I'm living with six girls and I know why! 

 

Tai, Matt, and Davis: Why man?

 

 

Tenchi: Yeah-ah!  Because I got high, because I got high, because I got 
hiiiiigh.La-da-da-da-da-da-da!

 

Heero: I wasn't going to blow myself up, before I got high.

 

Kari: Come on y'all check it out.

 

Heero: I wasn't gonna Self Destruct, but then I got high (Uh-Uh La-da-da-da-da-
da-da)

Now I'm laying here in traction and I know why! 

 

Tai, Matt, and Tenchi: Why man?

 

Heero: Yeah-ah! Cuz I got high, because I got high, because I got hiiiiigh. 

 

Shinji: Go to the next one go to the next one go to the next one.

 

(Kari makes an obscure chicken noise)

 

Gendo: I was going to try to be nice, but then I got high (Uh ooh ooh), I was 
going to respect my son, but I got high (S'Yeah, Uh-uh La-da-da-da-da-da),
Shinji caused the Third Impact, and I know why! 

 

Tai, Heero, and Tenchi: Why man?

 

Gendo:  Yeah-ah!  Because I got high, because I got high, because I got 
hiiiiigh.La-da-da-da-da-da-da!

 

Davis: I was going to win Kari's heart, before I got high (ooh ooh), she woulda 
been my girlfriend, but then I got high.

 

Kari (wasted): No you wouldn't.

 

Davis: Now Kari's fucking T.K, and I know why!

 

Matt and Tai: WHAT?

 

Davis:  Yeah-ah!  Because I got high, because I got high, because I got 
hiiiiigh.La-da-da-da-da-da-da!

 

(Davis laughs his ass off while Tai and Matt beat the shit out of T.K)

 

Ayeka: I wasn't going to sleep with Tenchi, but I was high (Uh, I'm serious 
man), I was going to back off and say no, but I was high.

 

Tenchi, Gendo, and Shinji: La-da-da-da-da-da-da!

 

Ayeka: Now I'm a mother of twins, and I know why!

 

Ryoko and Kari: Why Girl?

 

Ayeka: Yeah-ah!  Because I got high, because I got high, because I got 
hiiiiigh.La-da-da-da-da-da-da!

 

Suzuka: I knew Gene wasn't going to win, before I got high,

 

Davis and Shinji: Say what say what?

 

Suzuka: (ooh ooh) I wasn't going to bet on the OLS, but then I got high (Uh-Uh 
La-da-da-da-da-da-da).

 

Suzuka: Now I'm giving lap dances for cash, and I know why!

 

Davis and Ryoko: Why Su?

 

Suzuka: Yeah-ah!  Because I got high, because I got high, because I got 
hiiiiigh.La-da-da-da-da-da-da!

 

Shinji: Hey bitch bounce on my lap! I got a twenty!

 

Shinji (while receiving lap dance he sings to Asuka): I was going to make love 
to you, but then I got high (mumbles randomly), I was going to nail Rei too, 
(receives
howls of laughter from others) but then I got hiiiiigh, now I'm whacking off, 
and I know why!

 

Asuka and Rei (who are unusually close): Turn this shit off!

 

Shinji: Yeah-ah!  Because I got high, because I got high, because I got 
hiiiiigh.La-da-da-da-da-da-da!

 

Vegeta (While hearing cheers of "Go" from Gendo and Tenchi): I was going to kick 
Cell's ass, but then I got high (go go!), I was going to finish him off,
but then I got high, he ascended and kicked my ass, and I know why!

 

Tenchi and a revived T.K: Why man?

 

Vegeta: Yeah-ah!  Because I got high, because I got high, because I got 
hiiiiigh.La-da-da-da-da-da-da!

 

Tenchi, Shinji and Gendo: We're gonna stop singing this song, because we're 
high.

 

Everybody else: Raise the roof, baby! Yeah!

 

Heero, Ayeka and Suzuka: We're singing this whole thing wrong, because we're 
high.

 

Everybody else: Bring it back bring it back baby!

 

Kari, Daisuke and Ryoko: And if we died on the spot right now, we'll know why!

 

Asuka, Matt, Tai and Rei: Why is that?

 

Everybody: Yeah-ah!  Because we got high, because we got high, because we got 
hiiiiigh.La-da-da-da-da-da-da!

 

(The songs end with everybody making loud random noises)

 

 

(Hilde looked at the script and sighed while Airstrike ate his steak, then her 
eyes widened)

 

Hilde: Smooth, I mean Airstrike, why did you write this?

 

Airstrike (with mouth full): Cuz I wanted to, why?

 

Hilde (sweatdrops): Never mind, and don't talk with your mouth full.

 

Airstrike: Oh, sorry babe, can you do the Disclaimer for me?

 

Hilde: Yeah, and don't call me babe. (Faces the reader, yeah you) This is a long 
one, but I'll try, Tenchi, Ayeka, Ryoko are all proudly owned by the
almost god-like AIC and Pioneer; Heero, Suzuka, the OLS and myself are owned by 
the greatest Anime Company of all time, Sunrise; Gendo Ikari, Shinji Ikari,
Asuka Langley, and Rei Ayanami are property of the third greatest Anime Company 
Gainaxx, Yamato (Matt), Taichi (Tai), Hikari (Kari), Daisuke (Davis), and
Takeru (T.K) as well as Vegeta are property of the second greatest Anime company 
Toei; and lastly, the song "Cuz I got high" is property of  Afro Man and
well, whatever record label owns his ass.

 

Airstrike (finishes his steak): Good, thanks Hilde take a break. (Looks at 
audience) Yo, if you have flames, compliments, ideas, or if you want to kill me 
for my
purposeful T.K bashing, email me at Sawdust28@hotmail.com, L8er. 

 

Hilde: One more thing! (Slaps Airstrike upside the head) Don't do drugs.
