(mst) name:Brian the Dark Lord
Disclaimer:I only own me, liquid goku, catarl-catarl brian, prince death
jari, and ROBO shadow.
Scene:Ragnarok,cockpit

Brian: It has been 2 days sense i went on my MST joruney.
Liquid goku: (enters the cockpit by the platform elevator) Brian we have
a sasami lemon.
Brian: Uhggg get the barf buckets (gets on the platform elevator and
goes down)
(Liquid goku goes striaght brian goes right into a room with chairs and
a screen. Liquid goku enters with buckets)
Brian: Alright lets get started.
Roll call:
Brian: Let's get this over with
Liquid goku: (loads sub-machine gun) Ready
Catarl-catarl brian: Oh no
Prince death: (gets out jarian scythe) I'll kill him
ROBO Shadow: lets end this
Brian: What? No disclaimer.
Prince death: uh oh he's in trouble

SASAMI SURREALISM
       Tenchi finds himself awake on a cold and rainy morning.  The
dawning sun casts an odd yellow glow through the windows.

ROBO Shadow: i thought it was rainy
Brian: in a lemon anything is possible

 He rubs his eyes, and slowly pushes the blankets from his bed. Ryoko is
already waiting for him.
       "Good morning, Tenchi." she says cheerfully. Tenchi doesn't
reply, but instead tackles Ryoko, pressing his fingers deep into her
temples. "Tenchi!  Oh, yes!  That's how Ryoko likes  it"  The blood
running over Tenchi's hands doesn't weaken his grip, and he slides his
hands deeper into her face.  As her skin peels off her head, Ryoko
climaxes, flooding the floor with a combination of cum and her blood.

All ex ROBO Shadow: SSSSSSSSSPPPPPPPPEEEEEEEEEWWWWWWWWWWW.

        "'Mornin, Ryoko."  Tenchi answers, as he stepped over Ryoko's
pulsating form, gnawing on her face.

Liquid goku: how can he be gnawing on her face and walking.
Brian: Don't evn go there

  He made his way to the stairs, which he quickly plummeted down,
breaking his neck.  A shocked Ayeka looked on in horror.

Prince death: Hooray end the fic
Brian: Sorry it's not over yet.
Everyone ex. Brian: BOOOOOOOO!!

        "Lord Tenchi!  Are you all right?"  Tenchi jumps from the floor,
letting his head flop onto his shoulder.
        "I'm fine Ayeka....wait..." He reaches to his head and tears off
his ear, so he can breathe easier. "There, now I feel great."
Catarl-catarl brian: (Throws up)
Brian: (as kyle) dude you had wffles for breakfast huh?
        "Oh, good!  Say.."  she pulls an ice-cream cone out of her ass.
"Are you hungry?"

Brian: (throws up)

        "Nah..." he replies, "besides, I'd better wait for breakfast."
Ayeka places the cone back in her ass, but she begins to melt anyway.
        "Oh, drat!  Tenchi, could you help me with this?" "Sure."
Tenchi quickly rips off Ayeka's clothing, throwing it onto the
couch behind him.  He places his hands on her breasts, and squeezes the
left, then the right. Each time he pumped, her right eyeball grew.
After about 30 pumps, her eye is too large for her head to support, and
it quickly falls to the floor, breaking open with a brittle crack.

Everyone: GROOSSSSSSSSS.

        Ayeka breaks her way completely out of the egg, and stands to
her full height. "Thanks, Tenchi!"
        "Don't mention it!"  Tenchi whips the molten Ayeka off his hands
and break dances into the kitchen.  "Good morning, Sasami!"  Tenchi
gives Sasami a big slap on the back, breaking her head off.  "SASAMI!"
he bends down to the broken form on the floor.  "Sasami!  How many times
do I have to tell you not to leave this dummy standing around?"

ROBO Shadow: there is no dummie except the aurthor.

The oven door opens, revealing a naked Sasami rotating slowly on a
rotisserie.
        "Sorry, Tenchi."
        "Ah..thats okay..when's breakfast?"
        "I should be done in about a half hour!"

Everyone: That's not tenchi that's hanibal.

        "Cant wait!"  He shuts the oven, and starts off to the living
room, so he can catch some replays of him watching TV yesterday.
However, Kiyone and Mihoshi were already up, and rubbing their naked
asses on opposite sides of the bigscreen.

Brian: they have some issues to workout.

        "It's mine, Kiyone!" Mihoshi whines.
        Kiyone replies with an angry "No way, Mihoshi!"  Their asses
start engulfing  the TV, sliding slowly toward each other, and finally
meeting down the center.
        Now, everyone knows that Kiyone's pussy is very territorial, and
when provoked by Mihoshi's pussy, bared it fangs and gave a loud barking
call.  Mihoshi's soon replied in kind, and soon they were locked in a
life or death struggle.
        Tenchi thinks to himself "Damn, now what am I gonna do?"

Brian: Run. Run faraway

  Deciding that it would be best to just take a morning crap, he walks
into the bathroom and locks the door.
        And he shits.

        He shits long into the night.
        However, he isn't alone in his quest.  He is soon joined by the
elf wizard Zyxlor and brave warrior Junato DeLoren.

Liquid goku: when were they in the picture
Brian: there not. it's a figure of speech.

  Though their journey is long and arduous, they eventually find their
way to the base of mount Olympus, where they battle the Great White
Dragon of the north, returning the Queen to power.
*FLUSSHHHHHHH*
        Noboyuki waits outside the door as Tenchi steps out.  "Gee
Tenchi, you were in there a long time.  You fall in?  Hahaha."  Noboyuki
walks past Tenchi into the bathroom. He dunks his head into the bowl,
and pulls his wife's rotten corpse from its watery hiding place.  "Oh,
how I've missed you!"

Brian: SPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPEEEEEEEEEEEWWWWWWWW. (gasps for air)

        Achika's unmoving lips offer a voice heard by Noboyuki alone.
"And I you, my love."

Liquid goku: (pukes).

        "Make love to me, darling!" Noboyuki screams.  He hangs his wife
upside down from a towel rack, and notices her bush.  Even after so many
years, he was still aroused by it.  The smell was actually not as bad
now.  He can wait no longer, and thrusts his face between his wife's
rotting thighs, and pushes his tongue deep into her vagina.

Everyone: SPPPPPPPPPPEEEEEEEEEWWWWWWW.
        Tenchi was never a stranger to his mother, and possibly visited
her even more frequently than Noboyuki.  But for now, he can only think
of a pleasant trip to the shrine, and how much he wishes he hadn't
missed breakfast.  He finds an empty house at the bottom of his stairs.
Tenchi is unnerved by the gray, and wonders why all the lights had been
turned off.

Brian: they left you hanibal.

        "I wonder where everyone went..." Tenchi remarks to himself.
"Hey!  Little Washu!".  She stood in front of the door to her lab.
Tenchi wonders why she wouldn't reply.
        As he draws closer, he sees her face.  A gaze of untold horror
was locked on her immobile form.  The two "chibi's" stood mockingly on
her shoulders.
        Tenchi looks on, puzzled at the odd situation.  "Which one was
it..." he says to himself, "A...or was it...B?"  He stares into the eyes
of the open mouthed puppets, not quite understanding what is happening.

Liquid goku: you already killed her man.

        He looks deeper into the black orbs of the dolls...he feels
himself overcome with the darkness of a torture he couldn't understand.
        Now in an unlit room.  Searching desperately for an exit.  He
locates a door, and soon finds his eyes burning with the light of the
noonday sun.  As he steps from the shrine into the courtyard, his eyes
focus on the forms of his companions.  He moves to his grandfather, and
looks at him.  Yosho knows that Tenchi is worried, and he has an answer
for all of the questions.

Brian: i hope death
Prince death: you called.
liquid goku: not you.

        "Pregnant."
        Tenchi falls to his knees.  That is the word he had hoped he
would never hear.  He was so preoccupied, he can't even hear the garbage
truck tearing its way through the forest.  Only when he is crushed
beneath the tires did he even notice it was there.

ROBO Shadow: YYYYYYEEEESSSSSS!

        Tenchi wakes for the second time that day, being wheeled through
the white hallway of a hospital.

Everyone: BOOOOOOOOO!!!!

  He remembers the truck, but is very surprised at the lack of damage to
his body.  In fact, he only feels pain at the pit of his stomach.
Brian: Yeah For Eating raw body parts.
        "Don't worry, Tenchi!  Everything will be all right!"  Tenchi
turned his head to find Ayeka and Ryoko running along with the gurney.
He was very glad they were with him.  Suddenly, Tenchi realizes that his
breathing is more rhythmic than usual.
Brian: (goes super saiyin) he knows i'm here.
Prince death you were there?
Brian: no (powers down)

        They speed him into what looks like an operating room.  Tenchi
is still quite oblivious to what is going on, but is reassured by the
team of qualified medical practitioners surrounding him.

Liquid goku: Don't worry tenchi soon you'll die

        "Don't worry, Mr. Masaki," one of them says "we'll bring that
new life into the world."
        New life?  Tenchi wondered what the hell they meant by that.
"Sir, could you please put your legs here?  Good, and now, would you be
so kind as to move your dick out of my way?"

Brian: Oh sorry that's mine.
Everyone Ex. Brian:..........

        "Oh, that's not mine." he replies.  A burst of pain erupts in
Tenchi's abdomen again, and he realizes that he is being instructed to
push.  He doesn't know what they meant, but he tries his best.

Brian: a chest buster bust out of his stomch the end.

        Suddenly, Tenchi realizes that he can no longer see.  The pain
has ended, and he is surrounded by darkness again.  Soon, he finds that
light is filtering through his eyelids.  There is pain, and Tenchi
cries.  He knows he shouldn't, but he can't seem to help it.  He feels
something on his face, and soon he can open his eyes.
        Though he can only see straight ahead, he recognizes the room in
the hospital.  Tenchi is confused by the form of a mumified old man on
an operating table.  Tenchi closes his eyes for a while, he was already
tired.  Before he can fall asleep, he feels soft hands holding him up.
He looks up into the large eyes of a purple haired woman.  Was this his
mother?

Brian: No it's the angel of death

  Then who was the white haired woman next to her? Tenchi was confused
again.  He was also sleepy.
         So sleepy.  His eyes shut again, but he knows that he's safe.
He lets unconsciousness take him in its warm grasp, and begins sucking
his thumb.

Brian: Oh how cute.
                                        THE END
Everyone: HOOOOOOOOOORRRRRAYYYYYY. (Runs out the door)

AFTERWORD:  Thank you for reading my fic, I would appreciate your
reviews (but if you review, try not to ruin it for the next reader).  My
first attempt at a non strictly humor fic.  Was it an ingenious symbolic
parable, or the ravings of a madman?  You tell me.

Author's Word: this is my first MST please don't say nothing ad about it
-Brian the Dark Lord