I really love to watch Tenchi Muyo and I love to read
stories that other people have written about the
characters.  I spend lots of time at tmffa.com.
However, i stumble across a very disturbing fic called
"Kanasii no Imi".  I was so disgusted that I could not
even finish reading it.  I was happy to see the work
of Bryan Webber though, when he and Glyph Bellchime
teamed up against jeff in 'No Need For Grief".  At
Bryan's suggestion I am writting a fanfic about Jeff
and sick little mind.

All Characters belong to their respected owners

PS: This is totally out of my character but this is
something that I feel should be done.

PPS:  Assume that there is only one anime universe and
assume that all characters live within said universe.
Also that Jeff lives in a parallel universe.

Death of Jeff

        One day Tenchi was walking outside towards his
grandfather's shrine.  Nothing was out of the ordinary
as he started up the long set of stairs that led to
the Masaki Shrine.  He was halfway up the stairs when
he stopped to take a breather.  He sat on the steps
and looked out towards the lake.  Suddenly a
holo-screen courtesy of Washu  appeared in front of
him.  Washu's face appeared on the screen and relayed
a very urgent message.  Sasami had gone into shock and
needed attention fast.  The screen faded out and
Tenchi was left standing on the steps.  He wasted no
time and broke out into a run as he flew up the stairs
to the shrine.  Before he got there, however,
Katsuhito met him and said he knew what was going on.
Tenchi did a 180 and ran down the steps towards the
house with his grandfather.
        When they got to the house they ran straight to
Washu's lab.  When they got there, Washu filled them
in as well as the rest of the crew.  "Apparently
Sasami was surfing the interdimensional web and came
across a site for people to post fanfics on.  I then
went to do something in another part of my lab for
just a second when I heard a loud scream and a thud.
I rushed back to find Sasami on the ground and this
site on the holo-screen."
        Washu enlarged the screen so that everyone could take
a look at it.  When everyone was done reading there
was not a dry eye among them.  Everyone looked at the
unconsious Sasami and then at each other and uttered
one word in unison, revenge.
        The first order of buisness was to erase Sasami's
memory.  The next order was to find a fitting way to
punish the purpotrator named Jeff.  As they were
thinking,  Ryoko sprung up and shouted,"I got it !"
        Without wasting time she told her plan to Washu
through their mind link.  Washu smiled and opened a
portal.  Through the portal came 13 figures.  Washu
gathered the Tenchi crew and introduced them to the 13
characers.  Treize Kushrenada, Heero Yuy, Goku, Gohan,
Vegeta, Trunks, King Kai, Cell, Freeza, Zechs
Marquies, Emeraldas, and Captain Harlock were all
assembled in front of the Tenchi gang.
        Washu explained her and Ryoko's plan to the bunch and
after a bit of convincing forCell and Freeza, they all
agreed to go on with it.  The plan was simple enough,
capture Jeff, torture him, and then kill him.  The
first part of the plan was easy enough, Washu just
transported Jeff on to a barren planet in subspace.
Then Washu transported all of them to the same place.

        Jeff was totally lost on all this and wanted to know
what was going on.  Aeka grimly informed Jeff of his
fate and Jeff turned a pale white.  All of a sudden
there was a loud bang and Emeraldas and Harlock rushed
Jeff.  They proceeded to beat the living snot out of
Jeff and beat him to within an inch of his life.
Washu then revived Jeff and signaled the gundam
pilots.  They each entered their respected suits,
Tallgeese 2, Wing Zero custom, and Tallgeese 3.  Jeff
found himself in a primitive Gundam Mobile suite.  The
three pilots then converged on Jeff and started to
methodically pick him apart.  When he was about to
die, Washu revived him again and then all the Z
Characters started to pummel him.  After he was
revived a final time Washu paralyzed him and put him
into a coffin without a lid.  Then everyone started to
power up.  Washu and Kiyone readied 25 Dimensional
Cannons, Goku and Vegita formed Gogita super saiya-jin
4 and started to power up a universal spirit bomb,
Gohan went super saiya-jin 2 along with Trunks and
they bothe started charging attacks.  A kamehameha for
Gohan and a burnig attack for Trunks.  Ayeka and Ryoko
were forming a combination attack with the gems and
the Jurai power.  Tenchi was forming an energy ball
with the light hawk wings and the Gundams were
readying their cannons and buster rifle.  Emeraldas
and Harlock were on their ships, the Queen Emeraldas
and the Arcadia, and were preparing to release massive
salvos.  King Kai was forming his own universal spirit
bomb and Katsuhito was doing the same as Tenchi.
Tsunami had appeared and was copying Tench and
Katsuhito and Cell was charging a Kamehameha.  Freeza
was verbally abusing Jeff while he formed a death
ball.
        Jeff looked on with fear and heard a countdown.  When
it ended, Everybody launched their attacks.  A split
second later, everyone except Jeff was teleported back
to the lab, where they watched the beams and energy
balls collide with the form that was Jeff.  After jeff
was reduced to nothing, Washu erased everybodies
memory including her own and sent them back through
her portal.  After that, she deleted that story and
that was the end of it.

I have nothing against the author of Kanashii noImi,
just that particular story.  Sasami is a wonderful
Character and I feal that she should be left out of
these dark fics.
