** Side notes : This takes place at the end of Tenchi Universe or TV Tenchi.
I do not own any of the characters mentioned in this nor am i getting any
money for this, so ha! you can't sue me.

    Tenchi has just said good-bye to Sasami and was on this way to the
palace
by requested of Aeka. Ake was standing there in the royal outfit, looking at
the floor. Tenchi stopped a few feet in front of Aeka.
    'I am now the offical Empress of Jurai. I mustn't be weak,' Aeka
repeated
over and over on her head.
    The last few weeks has  been like for Aeka. Running away from the Galaxy
Police, fighitng with Rokyo, sneaking into the palace, discovering new
powers
and... al of this with Tenchi.Aeka had grown quite fond of Tenchi.... maybe
even in love. She wasn't quite sure of this, yet one this she didn't want to
be was away from Tenchi, actually away from everybody she's grown so fond
of.
But now she was an Empress, not just any empress but the empress of Jurai
she'd never have that again, she knew this yet duty before anything else.
Her
whole life has centered around this one phrase 'duty before anything else.'
Aeka choked back her tears and decided she should address Tenchi.
    "I guess there isn't anyway to get you to stay?" Aeka asked with the
last
bit of hope she had left. Her eyes never left the ground.
    "I'm sorry.... but no." Tenchi answered.
    "I see," Aeka said with the last bit of hope gone from her body. Aeka
took a second to reposition herself. The tears in her eyes seemed so
delicate, like with a blink of the eye they would come falling to the ground
to be soaked up and forgotten about. Aeka tried as hard as she could to make
sure Tenchi didn't see her tears. She had to be strong.
    "Then i wish you a safe journey." she continued.
    "You won't be showing me off?" Tenchi asked.
    "I wish i could, but i have a universal meeting in a few minutes," Aeka
answered, her eyes never leaving the ground.
    "Oh..." Tenchi said.
    'Lier!' Aeka thought to herself, 'You're just afraid and weak. There's
no
meeting. You just don't want him to see you break down.... he almost sounded
sad.... almost.'
    Aeka finally built up the courage to tera her eyes way from the ground
and to Tenchi. There was a small trickle of tears on her face, yet her voice
never broke. It looked as if Aeka was going to embrace Tenchi for a split
second, but in the end she turned away.
    "I would like to thank you," Aeka said her eyes returning to the
ground,"
I've never had a better vacation and i'll forever cherish the time i had
with
you and the other's."
    Aeka turned to walk away but Tenchi stopped her and gave her a big hug.
    "No thank you." Tenchi asked.
    Aeka didn't return the hug, she just stood there, she didn't even cry.
There was no more room for tears in her eyes. Tenchi finally let her go,
wondering if she'd ever say anything again.
    "If you'll excuse me," Aeka said finally with no emotion on her voice,
"I
have a meeting to tend to."
    Tenchi stood there staring at the place she once stood, wondering what
happened to the Aeka she once knew, then left after a few seconds.
    Aeka stood in front of the door to the meeting room... to her new life.
She opened the door and in there was no one. SHe sat down in her seat at the
end of the table and finally said good-bye.... to Princess Aeka...

~ Fin ~