A Writeup of Washu For the 3rd edition of
Dungeons and Dragons

by Paul "BigRed" Shannon,  pjshanno@yahoo.com

Both Washu and D&D are the property of their
respective owners. I make no claim to them. This is
done out of admiration of the character and my long
time infatuation with Dungeons and Dragons.  This may
not be exchanged for any form of compensation.

Acknowledgements: I would like to thank the following
people for their comments, criticisms, and
suggestions. Bruce Grubb bgrubb@zianet.com , Nargun
louisrp@student.unimelb.edu.au , and William
wlit0613@postoffice.uri.edu. I would also like to
thank. Brian “The Red Writer” Cheek
TheRedWriter@cs.com  who coauthored my write-up of
Washu for Ad&d 2nd edition, which this is based on.

Washu

Gender: Female
Age: 20000+ years
Size: Medium (height 4’10” weight 95 lbs)
Description:  A cute little girl with large green eyes
and spiky Reddish pink hair. She has a decidedly
exotic look to her. (She also can appear as a
stunningly beautiful woman but rarely does)
Race: Special (The best way to describe her is a type
of Avatar)
Alignment: CG (with neutral tendencies)
Class: 20 Expert/3 Wizard (Diviner)
CR: 21
Hit Dice (20d8+4)+(3d4+4)
Hit Points: 190
Movement: 30 ft

Abilities (score, modifier)

Str 19, +4
Dex 20 +5
Con 18 +4
Int 50 +20
Wis 16 +3
Cha 16 +3

Saving throws (total, (base, modifier))
Fort +11 (+7,+4)
Ref +12  (+7, +5)
Will +17 (+15, +3)

Combat
Initiative +5 (Dex)
AC 21 (base 10 +6 (natural) +5 (Dex modifier)
Base attack bonus +16/11/6/1
Melee +21/16/12/6 (base +4 (str modifier) +1 (master
work weapon))
Ranged  +21/16/12/6 (Base +5 (dex modifier))

Weapons (name, attack bonus, damage, critical, Range
(if needed) type, size, Special (if needed), magical
(if needed))

Melee

Wakizashi (short sword), +21/16/12/6, 1d6+4, 19-20/x2,
Slashing, small, Masterwork weapon +1 to hit,


Energy Sword (see Special attacks) +22/17/13/7,
1d10+10 (+6 special, +4 Str), 18-19/x2 20/death ( due
to decapitation or mortal wound., if opponent is huge
or larger x4 damage instead) , slashing, small,
special:( +2 to hit, +6 damage;  ignores first 10
points of natural and/or nonmagial armor; damage
reduction increases target’s AC by enhancement bonus
needed to bypass the Damage Reduction.)

Ranged

Revolver, +21, 1d10, x3, 100 ft, Piercing, small.

This is a pistol of Washu’s own design.  She usually
carries 39 rounds of ammo. If she runs out she needs
an Alchemy/chemistry lab to make more (difficulty
Class 30 for alchemy and 23 for chemistry). the cost
is 5gp a round.

$Energy bolt (see special attacks), +23,  5d6+10,
death (fort save dc15 for normal damage),100ft, Type:
special,  only needs to make a ranged touch attack to
hit.,

Notes on weapons.  Washu is trying to keep a low
profile,  so she will only use her energy sword and
energy bolt as a last resort. She prefers to not fight
at all or use spells (preferred) or her Wakizashi and
revolver (A shot into the air would probably scare off
most street toughs).

Armor

None. Washu dose not want any armor that will
interfere with her magic (with her energy shield, she
really dose not need any).  When she gets the skill
however, she will probably craft magical protection
(If just for practice).

Energy shield (see special  attacks)

Special Attacks. (DM note, I have based this write-up
on Washu as depicted in the OAV, and Mangas.  She is a
VERY powerful character.  If you want to limit her
power and depict her as she is only in the OAV’s. I
suggest you remove the abilities with the ($) in front
of them

Energy sword (Ex)  Washu can generate this as a
standard action at will.  This weapon is a beam of
intense energy and can effortlessly slice though metal
and stone (not to mention flesh)  if it hits it
destroys an opponent’s armor or shield. It also
destroys any weapon that it hits (magical Items can
make a  fort save (DC20) to not be destroyed)

$Energy Bolt. (Ex)  can only be used one every 3
turns.  Washu can control the power of this weapon.
(the damage above is at full power)  if she dose, she
can reduce the number of dice of damage if inflicts.
She can also use it to subdue an opponent (in that
case the damage becomes subdual damage and a critical
hit stuns an opponent for 1d4 rounds.).

(Alternate Energy bolt, +21 1d6+4,  x3, 50 ft,  Type:
Special, only needs to make a ranged touch attack to
hit. Can be used once every other round. This is more
like what she used in Oav # 12)

Turn or destroy undead (Ex).  Because of the divine
power within her, Washu can turn/destroy undead as a
15th level cleric.

$Energy shield. (Ex) Washu can generate this as a free
action at will. This shield surrounds washu and up to
two other medium size or smaller beings in contact
with her.  As long as it is up, it takes all attacks
directed at her.  It has the following qualities:  120
hp, AC 35, damage reduction +3/ 15 and  regenerates
5hp per round.  If it is destroyed  washu takes 1d20
hp of damage and is stunned for 1d4 rounds. Also, she
then cannot generate it again until the next day.

Spell like qualities.  (Ex) Even though these act like
spells they are extraordinary abilities  possessed by
washu and thus can’t be  dispelled and are not subject
to an antimagic field or spell resistance.

Teleport/ 5 times a day, $cure serious wounds/1 a day.


Special Qualities

Toughness. (Ex)  Whether due to the divine power
within her or due to genetic manipulation, Washu is
much tougher that an ordinary humanoid. This is
evident in the following extraordinary abilities. +6
to AC, Fast Healing, (1hp.) can’t be charmed, $immune
to all poisons and non-magical diseases. $Immune to
energy drain, $and her soul cannot be trapped.

Immortal.  Washu is effectively immortal. Therefore
she does not age.

Skills. Because of her intelligence, Washu has almost
1000 skill points.  The following skills are only
those that would have some affect in the D&D world.
She has many other skills besides these. The below
skills include ability modifiers.

Skills acquired as an Expert.  (* means class skill (
a lot of these are of only limited use in the Ad&d
world, ^ means see below)

Bluff +14,climb +13, *Craft (Engineering and design)
+43, *Craft (assembly and construction) +43, Disable
device +31, *escape artist +28, forgery +31, *
knowledge (Genetics)+43, *Knowledge (Physics) +43,
*Knowledge (Biology) +43, * Knowledge (Electronics)
+43, listen +14,  *Profession (Scientist) +26, sense
motive, +14, Swim +15, *Chemistry^  +43,  *Medicine^
+43.

Skills acquired as a Wizard

Appraise +23, balance +8, *concentration +11,
*Decipher Script +27, diplomacy +6, disguise +6,
Gather information +6, Handle animal +6, Hide +6,
Innuendo +6, *knowledge (Arcane) +27, jump +7, pick
pocket +8, Read Lips +23, ride +7, *scry +27, search
+23,  *Spellcraft +27, spot +6, tumble +8, use rope +8

New skills.

Chemistry (int),  This skill is like alchemy but
represents a much more fundamental understanding of
substances.  Therefore, somebody with this skill can
make an alchemy check at 75% of the listed DC.  A
chemist needs a chemistry kit  (washu had to put hers
together herself).  The costs associated with doing
Tasks are twice as much as the cost if for an
alchemist.  A chemistry lab give a + 4 circumstance
bonus to a chemist.  The cost of putting together  a
lab is 5 time the cost of  an alchemy lab. If you only
have alchemist equipment you have to make the alchemy
check at 110% of the DC.

Medicine  (int) This skill is like Healing but
represents a better understanding of the body.  A
person with this skill can make a healing check at 75%
of the listed DC.  But to use this skill you need a
medical kit. Washu had to make one from scratch and
the cost of assembling it was 5 time the cost of a
healing kit. If you don’t have a medical kit you can
still make a healing check but at the full DC if you
have a healing kit.

Feats

Expert feats,  skill focus (for craft, profession, and
knowledge)  Martial weapon proficiency (short sword),
Exotic weapon proficiency (firearms and futuristic).

Wizard feats,   1st spell mastery(Div),  3rd  Craft
wondrous Item

Languages.  Washu knows dozens of languages from our
reality but these are useless in the Ad&d world,
except for English, which happens to be 50%
intelligible with common. So far she has learned
common, eleven, gnomish, dwarven, draconic, halfling,
and celestial, and infernal.

Spells per day.  4+1/7+1/6+1

Spell book.  Washu has specialized in Divination. This
school is perfect for her inquisitive nature. Washu’s
prohibited school is Necromancy (she prefers to tamper
with the forces of life and death with science and
finds the dark nature of some of the spells in this
school distasteful).  Since she has powerful natural
attacks, her spells tend not to be attack spells.
Beside her prohibited school though, every thing else
is fair game. When she has the skill, she will
probably study more spells in the Conjuration and
Transmutation schools since these both have spells in
them that promote dimensional travel. (Gate,
planeshift and such).  With no doubt, she will also
invent some totally new spells (I have given some
possible ones below). Her diligent research has
resulted in a spell book that has all 0 level spells,
23 1st level spells and 10 second level spells.

Suggested spells.  (If marked with & replace with
alternate spells below)
0th all/ 1st alarm, endure elements&, hold portal,
mount&, summon monster I, obscuring mist&, unseen
servant, Comprehend languages, detect secret doors,
Identify, detect undead, true strike, charm person,
Hypnotism, sleep, Tensor’s floating disk, change self,
animate rope&, enlarge, feather fall, jump,
ventriloquism, erase/  2nd arcane lock, web, detect
thoughts, locate object, see invisibility, knock,
levitate, continual flame, Tasha’s hideous laughter&,
daylight&.

(Alternate spells. If you chose not to give Washu the
powers marked above with $. I suggest substituting
these spells with the ones marked above.  If Washu did
not have the above powers, she would have to rely more
on her new magical knowledge to defend herself.

1st shield, mage armor, magic missile, burning hands /
2nd Melf’s acid arrow, resist elements. )

New spells.  (This is for the DM’s reference. As she
is now, Washu dose not have the skill yet to invent
new spells. But eventually she will. These are named
after her of course, since she would want everybody to
know who developed them. Most of these spells were
developed by her to save time her time in studying
materials and assembling her inventions).

Washu’s instant peruse.
Divination.

Level: Sor/Wiz 3.
Components: (S) (F).
Casting time: 1 action.
Target: 1 book.
Duration: instantaneous
Saving throw. None
Spell resistance. Yes.

This spell allows the caster to understand any book as
if he/she had taken time to quickly read though it.
The caster gets the general concepts that are in the
book but nothing that would require careful study of
its contents.  If the object is a spell book, the
caster gets a general description each spell inside
but not nearly enough to add any of them to her/his
own spell book. If the book that this is attempted on
has any kind of magical protection, the spell
automatically fails (though you can deal with that
beforehand).  The focus of the spell is a pair of
silver reading glasses that the caster must look
though as if reading the book.

Washu’s instant copy.
Transmutation.

Level: Sor/Wiz 3.
Components: (S) (M) (F)
Casting time: 1 round
Target: 1 sheet of paper or page of book.
Duration: instantaneous
Saving throw: none
Spell resistance: Yes

This spell allows the caster to make an instant copy
of the writing on a sheet if paper or one page in a
book. A 1st level spell can be copied but the spell
still must be studied as in the player’s handbook for
the caster to add it to his spell book.  If a page or
sheet has any sort of magical protection the spell
fails. A copy of a 1st level scroll can be used to try
to lean the spell but dose not have any magical
properties like the original.  The focus of the spell
is a silver fountain pen and the material component is
the ink in the pen and a blank sheet of paper.  When
the spell is cast the caster places his hand on the
page she/he wants copied and touches the pen to the
blank sheet.

Washu’s greater instant copy
Transmutation.

Level: Sor/Wiz 4.
Components: (S) (M) (F)
Casting time: 10 minutes
Target: 1 book, scroll, or stack of engineering
drawings.
Duration: instantaneous.
Saving throw: none.
Spell resistance: Yes.

This spell is identical to the above except that a
whole book, scroll, or set of blueprints can be
copied. A spell book can also be copied, but the
spells in the book must be studied to add them to your
own spell book. You can copy your own spell book but
you must pay the same material cost as if you were
copying it the normal way. You can copy any spell
scroll and use the copy to try to lean the spell, but
the copy dose not have the magical properties of the
original. The focus of the spell is a silver pen and
inkwell. The material components are a blank book,
scroll, or sheets of paper of at least the same size
as the book or drawings being copied and  the ink in
the inkwell.

Washu’s Instant analysis.
Divination

Level: Sor/Wiz 5.
Components: (S) (M) (F)
Casting time:  1 Hour
Target: 1 object.
Duration: instantaneous.
Saving throw: none but see below.
Spell resistance: Yes.

This spell allows the caster to make a detailed set of
engineering drawings for a mechanical object.  However
the caster must have the skill Craft (engineering and
design) and must make a skill check as if she was
analyzing the object and making the drawings normally.
If the object is magical or has any magical protection
the spell fails if the caster that made or protected
the object has a higher caster level that the person
casting the spell.  The focus of this spell is a
platinum engineers scale that is encrusted with gems.
This must be worth at least 1000 gp.  Also the caster
must have the same material components and focuses as
Washu’s greater instant copy.

Washu’s Elemental Portal.
Conjuration

Level: Sor/Wiz 6.
Components: (V) (F) (XP)
Casting time:  5 minutes
Target: Spell focus.
Duration: permanent.
Saving throw: none.
Spell resistance:  no.

This spell open a 6 “ diameter permanent one-way
portal from the elemental plain of your choice (though
opening one from the elemental plain of earth is
pointless). If the plain is  the Elemental plain of
water, 100 gallons a minute of pure water flows out
the portal. If the portal is from the plain of air,
Enough fresh air flows out to exchange the air in a
1000 cubic foot space in 1 minute. And if the portal
is the plain of fire, a 10 foot gout of flame shoots
out which is hot enough to melt soft metals like
copper or gold.  Washu created this spell to supply
her devices that need one of these elements.  The
focus of this spell is a pure platinum valve that
weighs at least 50 pounds. The spell is cast by
speaking the vocal component and then throwing open
the valve. The flow of the portal can be controlled or
stopped with the valve.  For every day the valve stays
open there is a 1% chance that a small elemental will
be sucked thought the portal unless preventive
measures are taken. The spell can be dispelled and is
suppressed by an anti-magic field.   Experience point
cost: 250.

Washu’s instant construction.
Transmutation

Level: Sor/Wiz 7.
Components: (S) (F) (M)
Casting time:  2 hours
Target: area.
Duration: instantaneous.
Saving throw: none.
Spell resistance: no.

This spell allows the caster to instantly construct
any mechanical device. This spell is similar to
Fabricate but the object that is constructed can be of
any size and number of materials as long as the other
prerequisites of the spell are met. However the caster
must have the skill to build it or be holding the hand
of a volunteer that has the skill.  The focus of this
spell is an exact 1/20 (at least) working scale model
of the device to be constructed that has been made by
the castor or the volunteer. This model must be made
with the same materials as the finished object.  When
this model is constructed, the builder must make the
same skill check as if he was making the real thing.
If the check fails then the model has some defect. If
this is not noticed then the finished construction
will have the same defect.  The material component of
this spell is all of the refined raw materials
(Timber, sheets of glass, bars of metal, etc. if the
technology is not available to refine the materials
than the object can’t be constructed with this spell)
required to make the object. This is transformed by
the spell into the finished construction.

Washu’s greater instant construction.
Conjuration

Level: Sor/Wiz 9.
Components: (S) (F) (M, optional) (XP)
Casting time:  1 hour.
Target: area.
Duration: instantaneous.
Saving throw: none.
Spell resistance: no.

This spell is the culmination of all of Washu’s
research into magic. It finally allows her to create
High technology devices even though she dose not have
the technology to build them conventionally (when she
develops this spell she will have taken a great step
in getting home). This spell is similar to the one
above except where noted below. This spell also needs
no raw materials and the spell focus is a complete set
of blueprints (Either printed on paper on stored on
electronic medium) for the object to be constructed.
However the caster must have the skill to construct
the object or hold hands with a volunteer that dose.
The caster or the volunteer makes the skill check when
she/he draws up the blueprints.  If the plans are
flawed the finished device will be also. This spell
costs the caster 5000 experience points for any device
below 1000 lbs and 20 more experience points for every
100 lbs the device is over this weight. (This won’t be
much of an obstacle for Washu because she has hundreds
of thousands of experience points as an expert that
she can burn). If this spell is cast with a volunteer,
the experience point cost is split evenly between
them. If the caster of the spell has acquired the raw
materials (which don’t need to be refined in this
case) needed to make the object, then the cost in
Experience points is cut in half.

Equipment:  Washu has both a chemistry lab and a
medical kit. For magic items and other equipment refer
to DMG for a 3rd level wizard.  She also runs a new
company called “Solutions Incorporated” (she lost
everything in sigil during the faction war) in the
city that she is in.  But otherwise this company is
the same as “Progress Unlimited”. Her partners would
depend on which world she is on (probably Gnomes or
Dwarves) The revenue from this company is good. So she
can afford the materials she needs for both her
technical research and arcane studies.

Notes on technology. One thing that I have noticed in
writing up washu for D&D is that differences in
technology are not addressed very well in the rules.
So based on what I have heard from other people. I
have decided to come up with some rules to address
that.  I have decided to do that by giving the person
dealing with technology a curcumstance   based on the
Tech Level of the person attempting it as compared to
the TL of the task that he is attempting. For this I
will use the tech levels given in the Alternety .
There are 9  tech levels here (0:stone age, 1: iron
age, 2: middle age, 3: age of enlightenment, 4:
industrial age, 5: information age, 6 fusion age, 7:
gravity age, and 8: energy age.) washu is at TL 8 most
D&D world are at 2 or 3.

First of all, I will deal with The DC of craft and
knowledge tasks in the same tech level. In the players
handbook the DC of a complicated task is 20. But this
is assuming that the person is crafting something that
is familiar to him, Say a lock.  But I think that
attempting to build something totally new (even if
this is at the same tech level) should be much harder.
 I think that the DC class of doing something totally
new should be 45.  This makes it just doable by a 20
level expert who is maxed out in the required craft
(and assuming he has decent ability modifiers and gets
some circumstance bonuses (from working in a lab with
several colleagues.))   Then as the technology becomes
more common the DC would drop progressively. (40 for a
rare object, 30 for uncommon, and 20 for common.)

Now to address tasks that  are above or below the
general TL of the world that they are attempted on (or
in Washu's case, has access too).  First of all while
a device that is below the tech level of the society
can be done, The fact that the technology is out dated
would make the task more difficult. I am thinking that
for each TL below the General TC the person attempting
it should get a circumstance penalty of -1. So washu
would always have a penalty for  attempting a task
that is below her TL (which would 8) as compared to 2
or 3 for the average D&D World.

I think that attempting a task that is above you tech
level (or in Washu's case the tech level of the
equipment that you have access too in the D&D
world).should be harder than doing something below
your TL.  Maybe a better approach would be to give a
person a –10 circumstance penalty for every TL that
the object of the task is above 1 tech level over your
tech level. Where Washu is different from the other
people in the world that she is trapped on is that she
would only get a circumstance penalty for trying to
built something more that 1 tech level above the
technology she has access to. Somebody that is native
to the same world would be penalized for trying to do
ANY task that is more that 1 TL higher that his level.
 I don't think there should be a penalty for just
going up one tech level because the people that would
be trying to create a new object of a higher tl would
be at the cutting edge of available technology.

Notes: Since Washu is so formidable; she should
probably be used as a NPC only. Even then, her unique
knowledge and skills would make her a disruptive force
wherever she is.  This is intentional.  A whole
campaign could probably be based around her. I leave
it up to you to fit her into your campaign world. Just
remember that Washu is one of the most intelligent and
creative beings in the universe. Play her as such.  I
suggest that anybody that uses her watch the Tenchi
OAV’s. This will give you a good Idea of her
personality and what she is capable of. The Tenchi
mangas are also a good reference.

History (I have kept this vague on purpose because the
DM will have to incorporate Washu into the landscape
of their campaign world.)

 This starts out the same as my write-up of washu for
Ad&d second edition (which is on The Many Faces Of
Washu web site at
http://www.fortunecity.com/victorian/kingston/196/ ),
but two years later.  Washu has found her way out of
sigil in the chaos following the Faction war.  She is
now on one of the campaign worlds (DM’s choice).
Before she left, Washu realized that the accident that
brought her into the D&D Multiverse was an interaction
between magic and technology. So now while she is
still trying to build up her technology (she is about
at the same technology level as last time since she
had to start from scratch on the new world she is on.
), she has also immersed herself in the study of magic
and is very quickly picking it up.  Her High
intelligence makes her a natural for wizardry.

Washu has been away from her family and friends for 3
years now.  On top of that she had all of her work in
sigil destroyed during the faction war.  She is now
trying to get home as quick as possible. She is hoping
that her research in magic will enable her to find a
way home without having to recreate all of her
technology.  She has become active in the local scene
of her new home and has tried to make new friends, but
her intelligence and knowledge of strange and
wonderful things makes it hard for her to fit in.  she
really misses her family and friends and thinking
about all the things she has missed at home is
starting to really get to her.  A possible adventure
hook would be that washu has heard of a powerful magic
device that allows the user to shift between
realities, and is financing a campaign to recover it.

Previous history (from my second edition write-up of
Washu)

HISTORY:

All this starts about 3 years after the last OAV.
Tenchi is about ready to start
college in Tokyo (nothing to do with shin Tenchi) and
is getting ready to move.
Naturally this distresses all the women in his life
except Ryoko (who can teleport
there at will). So Ayeka approaches Washu and asks her
to build a portal between the Masaki house and
Tenchi's new apartment. Washu agrees (after all she
would get instant access to her favorite experimental
subject) and builds it. [Cut to the PlaneScape
universe] at the same time that Washu is activating
her portal, two mages in Sigil are trying to change
the destination of one of the many Portals in the
city. (Note; in Sigil the portals are maintained by
the lady of pain, she takes a dim view of anybody
messing with them hence what will happen next) They
are casting their spells at the same time Washu is
powering up here own portal. About this time the Lady
of Pain appears and interrupts the mages. The spells
are miscast: this causes a freak interaction of magic
and technology that reaches into the Tenchiverse and
pulls Washu though her own portal into Sigil. She
arrives just in time to watch the lady flay alive the
two would be portal-jackers. After observing this
bloody scene, Washu decides to flee the area but it is
too late. The lady believes (actually correctly) that
she has something to do with the disturbance of the
portal and attacks her. Washu is able to hold her off
for a little bit but the lady is too powerful, and
smashes though her shield. Then in desperation Washu
attacks the lady with her energy bolt but this has no
effect. The last thing that she remembers before
losing consciousness mercifully takes her is the image
of her on hands and knees trying to keep her internal
organs off the ground.

The next thing that Washu realizes, she wakes up in
small room with just a bed and chair. She is still
gravely injured but she heals fast. Turns out she is
in the Bleak cabal's Insane asylum. When she asks how
she got there, they tell here that they just found her
gravely injured in the city. Washu quickly determines
that this is a lie (no two people can agree where she
was found) but decides to stay in the relative safety
of the asylum until she learns more about the strange
place that she is in. Once she has recovered enough
she tries to call up her laptop computer and bring
some equipment in from subspace but finds out that in
this place she is cut off from her lab and her
technology. This is when she realizes that she is
alone in a world that is really low tech. If she is to
find a way back home, she will need to rebuild her
technology from scratch.

The present time is a year after Washu arrived in
sigil. She has set up a company in the lady's ward
called Progress Unlimited. Her business partners are a
group of Tinker Gnomes that came from Krynn (Other
wise known as the world of "DragonLance".) They were
expelled from Mt. Nevermind because they made
inventions that worked too often (you can't tinker
with an invention that works the first time.) and
later immigrated into the multiverse. Progress
unlimited provides high tech (relatively) solutions
for parties in sigil that have the need and the money.
 Washu is very careful to only provide assistance that
will not be used to victimize innocent people. For
example, her current projects include using a punch
card machine to solve statistical problem and process
tax records for the Guvers and building steam engines
for various factories in the city. She is also trying
to electrify parts of the city. She also teaches
people how to use her inventions. It is her sincere
hope that while she is here, she can help improve the
living conditions in sigil.

She is doing this to finance her research in finding a
way home. She is trying
to build her technological base up to make a portal
like the one she had in her world. But she has a long
ways to go (she predicts 15 years) before she has the
technology to build it. She also has the problem in
that as she gets closer to her goal, she will attract
more and more attention. She is currently looking to
hire people to find the elements (tungsten for light
bulbs and vacuum tubes; silicon for transistors and
Integrated circuits: and uranium or plutonium for
power) so she can jump to the next technological
level. She also needs somebody to show her around the
city and put her in contact with knowledgeable people.


Right now Washu is living in the warehouse that is
occupied by Progress Unlimited. However she has made a
point of exploring the city that she is trapped in and
is often seen on the streets.  She dresses about the
same way she did at home, but she has made a few
changes to her outfit to fit in more with the general
population. She still maintains her cheerful
disposition and her sense of humor but the pain of
separation from her friends and family at home and the
poverty and desperation of some parts of the city are
starting to get to her.

THE DARK: (This information is for the DM ONLY!)

The lady of pain did not kill Washu because she sensed
the Divine power buried deep inside her. If she did
kill her, this power would be released with unknown
consequences for sigil (the Lady is in constant battle
to keep the Divine powers out of sigil, the last thing
that see needs is to release one in the city). Washu's
power is different from the might of the powers in the
multiverse and the resident gods would love to get
their hands on it. For this reason the lady has closed
all portals to Washu. The best solution to this
problem would be for Washu to find a way home. As a
matter of fact the lady tried to open a portal back to
Washu's world while she was Recovering at the Asylum
but she couldn't. So she'll just has to wait to see if
Washu can do it herself.

After she discovered Washu's secret, she had her
servants "The Dabus" take Washu to the Bleak Cabal.
They left her in their care with explicit instructions
not to tell anybody how she got there. Now she keeps
an eye on Washu from a distance but will only
intervene in order to keep here from dying.

The encounter with the Lady disturbed Washu more than
she will admit to her self and while she is not
terrified of her, she has done her best to avoid
another encounter. She has not even done any research
on her even thought she thinks that the Lady is the
key to sigil and therefore a possible way to get home.
However as she gets more desperate to get home she
might throw caution to the wind.