Disclaimer: I don’t own Tsunami or Tenchi Muyo, and I am not making any
profit besides the images that fill my head as I write this. Therefore, I
cannot be sued.

Author’s notes:  This story was origionally going to be posted only to
fanfiction.net, but I have decided to post it here as well.  I composed this
on a quiet night a few weeks ago.  (The date of my posting this is here is
08/06/2001.)  I thought up the concept after reading some Card Captor Sakura
fan fics on fanfiction.net, and I decided to put it on "paper" so to speak.

                                                    Dreams of an Author

                                                           By Leeman

Joshua Lee, a pathetic Tenchi Muyo fan fiction author, sat at his desk
musing over his current project. For some reason, he just couldn’t phrase a
key paragraph of his story right. He sighed in frustration and went into the
kitchen to fetch an apple from the refrigerator. He sat down and bit a big
chunk out of the shiny red apple’s surface and cursed as the juices
splattered his glasses and the picture of the most beautiful goddess in the
universe, Tsunami, that he had taped to the wall beside him. Ignoring the
numerous spots on his glasses, he carefully wiped away the liquid from the
picture gazed at it for a few minutes. Finally, he tore himself away and
went back to the kitchen to clean his glasses. When he returned, he stuck
his glasses in their case and turned his back on the picture as he wolfed
down the apple. Once the apple had been consumed down to the core, he wiped
his hands on his boxers and went back to work on his story. It was 5:00
a.m., and he could feel fatigue setting in. It was not unusual for him to be
up this late, or early in this case. In fact, he spent every night on his
computer, and he would never go to bed before daylight.

Josh laid back in his chair and pondered how he could fit in the important
paragraph without it interfering with everything else that was currently
happening with his story. He closed his eyes and began to run pictures of
the characters through his head, and how they would react to the new
development. He yawned loudly, and smiled as new images of his lady ran
though his head. He called her his lady because he had claimed the title,
"Tsunami’s Knight" for himself long ago. He loved it when people on various
mailing lists that he was a member of would refer him by that name. It made
him feel warm inside to know that others considered him Tsunami’s most avid
defender. Recently, some perverted jerk posted, to one of the mailing list,
an inquiry of where to find good Tenchi Muyo hentai. Josh had been furious
about such a request and immediately flamed the poor soul with a page long
rant that constantly insulted him and also explained in great detail how
much hate Tsunami’s Knight had for risque pictures of his lady. The poor
baka promptly sent in a long, vivid letter of apology which Josh had read
with a satisfied smile on his face. As the images of the most beautiful
being in the universe clouded his thoughts, Josh slowly slipped off into the
land of dreams.

Josh awoke to find himself standing in the middle of a large room with fine
red carpeting. The walls were a cream color, and Josh was barely able to
make out elegant designs carved into it due to the lack of light. Josh
looked up and was surprised to find himself gazing at the moon and a sky
full of stars. He reached up to scratch the back of his head, but he
discovered much to his surprise that he was wearing a hat. He looked down at
his clothing and discovered that he was wearing a fine black suit with a
blue tie. *What’s going on here?* He thought as he continued to look around
the room. He could hear "Truly Madly Deeply" by Savage Garden playing in the
background, and he smiled as he thought about how romantic this was. *Am I
dreaming?*

"Yes, you are dreaming my gallant knight." Josh quickly turned around only
to be rendered utterly speechless by the unmeasurable beauty that filled his
eyes and heart with wonder. His mouth hung open, and all he could do was
stare at the loveliest of goddesses who stood before him. She smiled so
brightly that the depths of hell could have been purified by her grace, and
she walked towards him with a fluidity that far surpassed that of angels. As
she walked up in front of him, she leaned forward and touched her forehead
to his and the room filled with a brilliant blue light which vanished after
a few moments. Josh found that he had the ability to move once again, and he
battled the urge to take Tsunami in his arms and hold her tightly.

"How is this possible? You’re an anime character." She smiled sweetly, and
he felt his knees begin to shake and his body go numb. She reached out and
grabbed his arm before he could fall backwards.

"You are dreaming. All of this is what’s going on in your mind as you sleep
peacefully in your computer chair." Realization struck him like an artillery
shell, and he looked down at the ground as a wave of sadness washed over
him.

"Then I guess that we don’t have a lot of time, do we?" He said in a voice
barely above a whisper.

"I’m afraid not, but we can make the most of the time we have together." She
tilted his chin up, and he melted under her warm gaze. The music playing
filled his ears, and a smile crept up on his face.

"If this is a dream, then I can do this." He snapped his fingers and a blue
rose appeared in his hand. He handed it to his beloved and bowed. "A pretty
flower for the most beautiful goddess who has every graced time." Tsunami
blushed and smiled at him once again. He could feel himself going numb, but
he fought it this time and won. Josh extended his hand. "May I have this
dance?"

"You most certainly may." She took his hand, and he gently pulled her close
to him. She wrapped her arms around his shoulders, and he wrapped his arms
around her waist. They slowly swayed to the music as Tsunami laid her head
on his shoulder. Josh took in her scent and combed over every part of her
with his eyes. He wanted to etch every one of her heavenly features into his
mind. Her body pressed against his gave him a sense of euphoria, and her
intoxicating scent made his heart flutter. For the first time in his life,
he felt complete. He had his other half, his reason for being, in his arms,
and it was the greatest feeling he had ever experienced in his entire life.
All of the happiness he had felt in the past combined couldn’t even come
close to the joy he was experiencing in this moment. Tsunami lifted her head
from his shoulder and pink met brown as they gazed into each other’s eyes.
All Josh could do was smile as he beheld the love that filled those
wonderful pink eyes. This was better than heaven. He would give anything to
stay here with her in this moment forever, but he knew it was destined not
to be. Before he could wake up, he had to tell her what his actions had
already confirmed in volumes.

"Tsunami. I love you more than anything in this universe and beyond. I would
give my soul to stay here with you for all eternity."

"I love you more." Josh started to utter a protest, but he was cut off by
her finger on his lips. Her hand slid behind his head, caressing his check
in the process, and she pulled him closer to her. Both of them closed their
eyes, and Josh tilted his head slightly to the left. When their lips met,
both of them felt shivers down their spines. Passion, yearning, sadness,
love, anger, and frustration all went into that furious kiss. They were hit
by a tidal wave of euphoria as the feelings they shared were nothing less
than perfection. Finally, they had to pull away from each other due to a
lack of oxygen, and both of them sighed in dismay about having to be
separated. The song was nearing its end, and Josh spun her around slowly
they separated from each other. Then, he led her back to him and leaned her
over with his arm securing her tightly behind her back. He leaned forward
until their faces were inches apart. Josh lost himself in pools of pink, but
the desire to join his lips with hers overcame him, and he kissed her with
such immense passion that she moaned in pleasure. She kissed back with even
more passion, and Josh felt lightheaded as the feelings coursing through his
being were overwhelming. She tilted her head more to the left and deepened
the kiss. This brought on even more waves of pleasure for both of them as
they explored each other’s mouth with their tongues. After several minutes,
Josh pulled away and gently lifted his love back up. His breathing was even
more rapid than hers partially because of going without oxygen for so long,
and mostly because of the wonderful feelings he experienced. Words could not
describe the amount of love he felt for his goddess as he caressed her
cheek. She stepped forward and wrapped her arms around him and gazed up at
the clear night sky. Josh also gazed up at the stars as "I Don’t Want to
Miss a Thing" by Aerosmith began playing in the background. They stayed just
like that for hours. They were content just to be in each others arms and
share the beauty of the glorious sky above them.

Tsunami finally broke the serene silence. "Josh. You’re going to awaken very
soon." Her words sent daggers of ice through his heart, and a tear ran down
his cheek.

"I don’t want to leave you. I refuse to wake up." She just smiled and wiped
away his tears.

"You don’t have a choice, but don’t worry. I’ll be here when you fall asleep
tomorrow."

"You will? Do you promise?"

"Yes. I promise you that I will be here every time you fall asleep for the
rest of your life."

"I love you so much that I don’t want to ever leave you, though."

"You have to, but someday we’ll be together forever. I swear it."

"I look forward to that day." Josh leaned forward and kissed her more
intensely than he ever thought possible. Josh snapped his fingers behind his
back a magnificent fireworks display commenced above them. They reluctantly
pulled away, and gazed upon the bright flashes that filled the night sky.
"Hanging by a Moment" by Lifehouse played in the background as the final
boom crackled in all its glory and faded out of existence.

"Aishiteru, my knight."

"Aishiteru, my lady."

Josh awoke with a start, and the memories from his dream began to rush
though his mind. Despite the terrible pain that he felt because of being
separated from his soulmate, he couldn’t help but smile. He knew that her
promises to him would ring true. Suddenly, sleeping took on a whole new
meaning to him as he brought his computer back to life by moving the mouse.
He moved the cursor down to the bottom of the screen and brought up the task
bar. He glanced at the clock in the system tray. *Wow, it’s already 7:00
p.m.* He opened up Winamp and played "Amazed" by Lonestar and sang along
while looking at the picture of Tsunami on the wall beside him with pure
love reflected in his eyes. A low rumble from his stomach alerted him to the
need to eat, and he left the computer room and walked into the kitchen with
thoughts of his lovely goddess that he was blessed beyond measure to be able
to hold her in his dreams.

Author’s notes: I hope you’ve enjoyed reading my little story as much as I
did writing it, but that would be impossible. I have taken more pleasure in
writing this story more than any other story I’ve written thus far. What I
wouldn’t give to have a dream like that!!!!! My life would be complete if I
were to have such a dream, but it’ll never happen. (sighs sadly) This is the
shortest prose fan fic that I’ve ever composed, but it is also the most
heartfelt. I thought about making the ending a bit depressing, but I
couldn’t bring myself to do it. I love happy endings, and I think that
perfectly good stories can be ruined by depressing conclusions.  Until we
meet again, minna-san...which will probably be after I finish my Tenchi
Muyo fan fiction novel.  Oh, btw, please send me all of your comments,
flames, criticism, etc.  I enjoy reading it all, and it would please me
greatly to recevie some feedback.  Domo arigato.






