
This came about in a discussion I had with a fellow author about the hidden
ecchiness of a certain Tenchi Muyo character. Heh...enjoy. ^_^

Ecchi Level?!

   Vegita was a lot of things.  Prince of the Saiyan, husband to Bulma,
father to Pan andTrunks, and quite argueably one of the most powerful
beings in the universe.
   One thing he could never get over was the fact that he, the prince of the
Saiyan...theone that was bred for centuries to be the pinacle of Saiyan
perfection, was only thesecond strongest saiyan.  He hadn't reached the
mythical state oftransformation known as the super Saiyan first, he hadn't
reached level 2 first...hell, until recently he couldn't even reach the level
4 transformation without help.
   Damn him!  Damn you Kaka...Goku!  He raged silently.  What is the point
of even trying to compete against you, if I don't have a prayer of beating you
for once?!
   In contrast to his musings, the familiar half mocking grin began to form
on his lips.  Becuase he hadn't quit his quest to be the strongest.  No, not
by a LONG shot.
   He had heard of this place from what was left of the Kaiyos, a place that
could subject him to forces that would push him past every conceivable limit he
had...no matter his present power level.  In fact this information was passed on
to him by his wayward son, before Trunks himself had gone ahead of his father to
see what this place could do for him.
   Funny though...as he approached the building on foot he swore he could
hear some strange sharp and loud snapping sounds.  No...more like a *crack* of
some sort.
   He wondered what could possibly be making those sounds, before he heard
something so evil...so frightening, so increadibly horrifying, his already spiked
hair, was standing on end.
   "Oh HO HO HO HO HO HO HO HO HO HO HO!"
   Dear Kami-sama! He exclaimed to himself, and reflexively transforming
into his Super Saiyan form in response to the petrifying fear that sound evoked
in him. What in the entire universe could emit such a dreaded sound?
   Then admist the aweful...laughter, for that is the only description he
could give to what he was hearing, he kept hearing those strange cracking sounds
mingled with crys of...pain, like one would hear within the bowels of hell itself.
   No worse...for he had been to hell.
   And even hell didn't sound so terrible as that.
   The front door of the building creaked open, and what he saw would scar him to
the end of his days.
   His son, Trunks at a Super Saiyan level of 4, a level Trunks had only fantasized
about reaching before, was being dragged roughly at the side of a well formed
leather clad female.  His limp and unresponsive form a testament to the shear power
of the beating he must have taken inside.
   Trunks' head tilted up, and eyes long since glazed, made the attempt to
focus on Vegita.   "Run." Trunks sputtered weakly.  "Save yourself father!  It's
too horrible to comprehend!"
   Vegita then turned his attention to the one who had put his son...a Super
Saiyan level4...into such a state.
   "Oh ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho!"  The sound the female uttered
chilled his very soul.  And then his pierceing green eyes met those crimson ones, framed
by that long purple hair of the monster that has broken his son.  He was held fast by
the shear evil and unholy gleam of near orgasmic pleasure in those eyes...that
pleasure she had obviously received by putting his son in such a state.
   She smiled then...very seductively, and dropped Trunks beside her.
Slowly she brought her whip up and carresed it sensually...never taking her
eyes off of Vegita for a second.
   "So..." Aeka breathed hotly, "You're next?"
   Vegita was aware of  a new sound then.  It took him a moment to figure
out what it was.
   It was the sound of his own terrified scream.  And despite it all he
could still hear that horrible sound she made.
   "Oh ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho!" *KER-SNAP*

------------------

Heh. ^_^

K'thardin
