I don't own these characters or profit from them


Tenchi Proposes
By, Clayton Overstreet


  Ryoko smiled as she lay back on the warm rocks above the cave. Her body 
was designed to handle light directly from a sun without problem, but she 
still enjoyed basking in the afternoon sun. Especially when that pushy 
princess couldn't complain about her chores. Tenchi was busy at this time of 
day so she just took the time to relax. Which was why she was so surprised 
when a shadow passed over her and when she looked she saw Tenchi sitting 
above her.
  "Am I interrupting anything?" He asked.
  Ryoko smiled softly and shook her head. "Of course not Tenchi. You know 
I'm always ready for you." She arched her back and winked at him. "Any 
time."
  Tenchi blushed but sat back, allowing the sun to hit her again. "Actually 
I got something today and I was wondering if you wanted it. It looked to be 
your size." He held up a tiny white box.
  Ryoko sat up and grinned. "Oh, so you brought me a present?" She reached 
out and took the box, quickly opening it. Inside was a smaller black box 
covered in velvet. She grinned and wrinkled her nose a bit as she opened the 
lid and saw the ring inside. "It's very pretty."
  Tenchi watched anxiously as she it out of the box and slipped it onto her 
finger. It fit perfectly, just like he knew it would. "I hope you like it. 
It's kind of a tradition."
  Ryoko smiled and kissed his cheek, expecting him to back away. She was 
pleasantly surprised when he didn't. "It's lovely Tenchi. What is the 
tradition?"
  "Well you see on this planet we give this kind of ring to someone when..." 
His words were cut off as a mumble.
  She looked at him curiously then back at the ring. "What was that Tenchi?"
  He took a deep breath and his fingers dug a bit into the dirt. "You give 
it to someone when you want to ask them to marry you." It took a moment for 
the words to sink in while Ryoko admired the ring. Tenchi watched her face 
as she blinked, then frozen, and finally began moving her face back to him 
in complete shock.
  "It's not much I know." He babbled. "I saved up for it for the last few 
months. If you want I could take it back and get another one. It could take 
a while but I might be able to get a better..." He trailed off as Ryoko 
stuck her face in his.
  She shook her head back and forth before saying very seriously; "You will 
get this ring back when you pry it from my cold dead hands." They sat there 
staring into each other's eyes for a very long time. "But what about Aeka? 
You don't love her even a little?"
  Tenchi stared back into her eyes like a deer caught in the headlights. "Of 
course I love her. She's family after all..." He was cut off as Ryoko pushed 
her face a bit closer, her lips brushing his. He swallowed and kept looking 
at her eyes.
  "So you're telling me that for the past few months while I've been 
fighting tooth and claw with Aeka..." Her fangs gleamed in the bright 
sunlight and she brought a sharp nail up and ran it along his jaw. "... 
You've been trying to work up the backbone to ask me to marry you?"
  He nodded, his breath catching in his throat as her nail poked him 
slightly. "Uh, yeah."
  Ryoko smiled and slid her hand behind his head. Without another word she 
pulled him into a deep kiss, slipping her tongue into his mouth. Tenchi 
closed his eyes, kissing her back and hoping he didn't get a nosebleed. 
Suddenly she pulled back and pushed Tenchi backward onto his butt. "Of 
course I'll marry you dope! I love you. I've been telling you that almost 
since the day we met."
  He smiled up at her. "Well I love you too. I always have really."
  "Then why didn't you say so?"
  Tenchi rolled his eyes. "Would you like a complete list or the short 
version?" She smirked and waited for him to continue. "Well there was the 
attempts on my life. The constant fighting, the super villains, the 
experiments, you trying to seduce me, Aeka trying to get me to be king, 
Mihoshi's temporary crush on me, my dad and grandpa pushing me at all of 
you, and the fact that I rarely got to spend any time alone with you."
  Ryoko sighed and lay back down, pouting prettily. "Well if that's all true 
then how do I know you really love me?"
  Tenchi laughed. "You mean aside from the fact that Aeka is going to kill 
me for this? Why don't you test me then?"
  She stretched on the rock, obviously making sure he got a look down her 
shirt. "I'm just playing Tenchi. But now I have no idea what to do."
  "What do you mean?" He asked.
  "All of my fantasies involved getting you to ask me to marry you and then 
skipped to the honeymoon." He hand shot out and grabbed his wrist, pulling 
his hand to her chest. "Well there was one other thing I imagined."
  Desperate for anything to take his mind off the fact that Ryoko was 
pressing his hand into her chest he stuttered out, "Wh-what would that be?"
  Ryoko smiled. "I pictured you and me at the ceremony while Aeka was 
trussed up in the background in a straight jacket and face mask while Sasami 
tried to feed her some cake."
  Tenchi was using every ounce of will he had to focus on her words and not 
the realization that Ryoko was slipping his hand into her shirt. "Uh 
Ryoko..."
  "Yes Tenchi?" She opened one eye and smiled as she pressed his hand over 
her breast. Her smile grew when she noticed that he was sweating slightly. 
"Is something wrong?"
  He shook his head slightly, but his face was becoming increasingly red. 
"It's just that you... I mean you're..."
  "I'm what Tenchi?"
  Tenchi took a ragged breath and closed his eyes. "You are probably the 
single most beautiful woman I have ever seen and I can't believe you'd want 
a skinny kid from the middle of nowhere. I mean you didn't even know that I 
was a prince."
  Ryoko let his hand go and was rewarded when it stayed where it was. 
"Tenchi, its all destiny. You're the brave prince chosen to wake me up and 
save me from a dark cave." She arched her back, pressing against his hand. 
"And I have loved you since you were a baby."
  Tenchi smiled and moved his fingers a bit, getting a small hiss from 
Ryoko. He couldn't believe he'd just done that. "So I just lucked out?"
  Ryoko ran a finger along his collarbone, causing goose bumps. "I'd say you 
hit the jackpot. And out of all the pretty girls in you house you picked 
me." She laughed a bit. "Most men would kill to make a choice like that. Now 
if you think you can, I'd like to have a little fun."
  Tenchi gulped as she ran a hand over the front of his pants and 
involuntarily squeezed his hand, causing her to moan. Taking slow breaths 
Tenchi moved his hand in a small circle. Ryoko licked her lips and blushed 
slightly. "Tenchi you know I've never done this either." Tenchi's eyes 
widened. "Oh don't look so shocked. I was a prisoner for two thousand years, 
ever since I was born. All I know about this stuff is what I read over your 
shoulder when you used to bring Noboyuki's comics up here."
  Tenchi grinned. "That explains a lot! You know Ryoko, people don't 
generally crawl over each other like that."
  She sat up, dislodging his hand and letting cool air hit her where it used 
to be. "Well I know that now, but when Aeka keeps hitting on you I get 
jealous and... I get carried away." She shrugged.
  "Aeka is my aunt Ryoko. She even said as much when she first got here. 
Then you two started fighting and things got confusing." Tenchi reached out 
and took her hand, holding the ring up where she could see it. "But you 
don't have to be jealous any more. And you don't need to rub it in."
  "Take away all my fun." She said with a smile. Wrapping her arms around 
him she whispered into his ear. "I guess you and I will just have to find 
some new games."
  Tenchi slipped his arms around her waist and held her close, rocking 
slightly. "I do not deserve you."
  Ryoko closed her eyes and laid her head against his shoulder. "Probably 
not." She nuzzled his neck as Tenchi kissed her forehead and rubbed his 
cheek against her hair. "Then again neither of us deserve to have our skin 
ripped off, but I doubt Aeka cares."
  "We'd be a lot safer if we eloped." He said and lay down on the rock with 
Ryoko draped across his chest.
  She just yawned and said, "I can handle the princess." They both smiled 
softly and fell asleep.

The End

Author's note

  I was watching Scream 3 and I realized nobody has done a fic just on 
Tenchi asking Ryoko to marry him. Sure, it's been a part of some fics, but 
not the whole fic. As for Ryoko making him grope her, which was all her 
idea. When I do a fic I just provide the incentive and let the characters 
respond. It's easier that way. Tell me what you think at 
clayton_n@hotmail.com

