The MST files of the Event Horizon #3
J.P. Gibb

Disclaimer: The characters, events, places, vehicles, and most, hell, all of the jokes 
all belong to their respective owners (AIC/Pioneer, Bandai, etc.).
 I OWN NOTHING!!! 

Dramatis Personae:

Merek Steele: Ex-Imperial. Captain of the VSD (Victory Class Star Destroyer) 
Event Horizon. Author Avatar. "The Force is strong with this one. That one, however, is a wuss!"

Leena Toros: Zoid warrior. "Harry, get a life!"

Gene Starwind: Outlaw. Captain of the Outlaw Star. "I save reality, and this is the thanks I get?"

Waspinator: Ex-Predicon. Projectionist and monitor. "Wazpinator ztill locked in booth!"

And our guest MSTer:
That...is a secret!  ^__^ (No, HE will not be here!)

Captain's Log
050602
The ship is still in orbit over Earth, as we are recovering the detachment of Serpents we grounded earlier. 
The Americans are welcome to his body, if they can find it. The crew is a little put off that I decided to cancel my rematch 
with Leena, but the author is too much of an ass to write another fight scene. (HEY!) Otherwise life aboard the Event 
Horizon is going well.
End Log
(I'll get you for that, Steele!)

[Begin Record]

EXT: The Theater. The MSTers are gathered for the day's fic.

Leena: So what are we waiting for?
Gene: Steele's not here yet.
Steele (Running down corridor): I'm glad this is a Vic Class ship. If it was an Imperial Class, the MST would be over before 
I got there!
Leena: Ah, here's our fearless leader now.
Gene: What, behind Steele?
Steele (Out of breath): Ha...ha...funny...Gene...
Leena: So, what have we got today?
Steele: It's another odd one I pulled from the Misc. section.
Gene: Great. Another kid story?
Steele: Not quite.
Gene: So who's our guest MSTer?
Steele: Oh, crap.
Leena: You forgot, didn't you?
Steele (Hangs head): Yes.
Suddenly a portal appears and out steps....Lady Washu. (In adult form)
Washu: Sorry for dropping in unannounced, but I heard you're doing a fic starring little old me!
Steele: How'd you know? I don't even know what's in this one!
Washu: I _am_the Greatest Scientific Genius in the Universe, you know.
Gene: And a Babe!
Washu: How'd you like to be a kappa for the fic?
Gene: No thank you, Little Washu.
Washu: He learns fast.
Steele: It's from all the other fics he's done. This is what, your third of fourth group, Gene?
Gene: I've lost count.
Leena: This is all so fascinating, but can we get in there? I have things to do today.
Steele (British accent): Righto, luv.

(Over loudspeakers <Beka Valentine>): Uh, weirdness ahead!

All: We've got fanfic sign!!

INT: The theater. From the back: Leena, Steele, Washu, Gene.

<CAUTION...THIS FIC IS AU....CAUTION>

Leena: Great, an alternate universe fic.
Steele: I guess it's universES now, Washu.
Washu: Yes, I am great, aren't I? Well?
All (Sweatdrops) You are the Greatest Little Washu!
Washu: I've trained them well.

[The fic begins]     

>Practice Makes Perfect

Gene: No author, no disclaimer?
Steele: Waspy, get me AIC's lawyers.
Waspinator: EVIL!
Leena: Not you too. (Buries her head in her hands)
Steele: Site says the author is...Evil Asian Genius.

>    They were making excellent progress through the sea of stars;

Steele (Jaques Cousteau): How I hate the sea. These damn birds...

>navigation was optimal, and the ship was running at maximum efficiency.
>The more mutinous members of their treacherous, lecherous crew had been
>purged via the usual dimensional gate, 

Gene: Been making modifications to the Souja, huh Washu?
Steele: Better question: what crew?

>as good as a pleasant stroll
>off a wooden beam into Splugorthian-infested waters.

Steele: I do huh?
Leena: Beats me.

>    Expectedly, the proximity alert went off with a muted pinging,
>and the image of a Royal Jurai Cassia-class cruiser flipped onto the
>monitor. Washu glanced over at the seat beside her on the central
>command bridge of their pirate ship, the Souja and realized Kagato
>was still asleep. She gave him a shove, and he woke with a start.

Leena (Washu): Your turn to walk the cabbit, dear.
Washu: THAT"S NOT FUNNY! And I'll do my own voice from now on, 'kay?
Leena: Yes ma'am.

>  "They're finally here. 

Washu: My order from Adam & Eve?
Others: TOO MUCH INFO!!!!!

>It's your turn today; I'm not wearing my
>good cloak. Besides, you need the practice," she said to him, as she
>casually entered in command sequences that would initialize the ship's
>multi-cannon array.

Gene: Does make your GS look like a toy, doesn't it Leena?
Leena: Little Washu, if you please?
(A medium-sized statue drives Gene into his seat, WHUMP!)
Steele: Thank you.

>   Glancing at her, he nodded, and stood up, moving toward the center
>of the room.

>    "Whenever you're ready," Washu called out from behind him.

Steele: Behind every dumbass...
Washu: Is a genius!
Others (Sweatdrop)

>He took a moment to take a deep breath, and mentally went over his
>lines. At the last moment, he realized something 

Gene (Kagato): Uh, football practice!

>and dug into the
>pockets of his dark violet uniform. Finding his scouter (or as Washu
>liked to call it, his "eye-patch"), 

All (Pirate voice): Arrrr!

>he quickly fitted it over his left
>eye.

>    "Ready."

>    Suddenly, the image of the bridge of the cruiser appeared, and the
>captain of the ship stood at its helm, dressed in a Juraian battle
>uniform with the extra poofy cotton-balls that signified his high rank.

Washu: Now we point and laugh!
All: (Laugh hysterically at the Juraian)

>His crew was arrayed around him at their different command posts,
>controlling the various units of the organic ship from living wooden
>terminals.

Steele (Juraian crew): Damn Macs.
Washu (To Steele): Windows user?
Steele: And proud of it!

> "Greetings, gentlemen. Allow me to introduce my companion and
>myself. 

Steele (Austin Powers): Allow myself to introduce...myself.

>We are the dreaded space pirates Hakubi. I am Kagato and this
>is Washu." 

All: That's LITTLE Washu!

>Kagato turned, bowing toward his master, the irrevocably
>brilliant Washu, who flashed her trademark smile, winked, and made a
>v-sign with her fingers. This sign, according to dimensional
>xenologists, was supposed to mean either peace 

Gene (Stoner): Peace, man! Whoa!

>or victory in some
>foreign devil's belief system. In truth, it meant something else
>entirely, but that explanation takes hours, if not days, and the
>infusion of many a so-called 'danishi.'

Washu: The hell?
Others: (Shrug)

>"W...What do you want?" 

Gene (Kagato w/British accent):Do you have any Grey Pupon?

>The Juraian captain stuttered, and became
>increasingly flustered as he realized exactly whom he was dealing
>with. He started making some surreptitious signals to his crew,
>ordering them to ready the ship for battle.

Steele (Wildly signing captain): No! I said arm the cannons, idiot! Uh, can he hear that?
Gene (Random Juraian crewer): And see you too, sir.
Steele (Captain): Oh, poopies!

>    "Ah, but you are terribly mistaken. It is not what we want...it
>is what you want." Kagato paused with calculated flair, taking a few
>measured, predatory steps, his heavy cloak swirling menacingly
>around him. The translucent blue scouter he wore over his left eye
>gleamed in the dramatic lighting as he turned his attention back toward
>the Juraian captain.

Washu: Unfortunately, he walked into a computer unit because it diminished his depth perception.
Others: (Snicker)

>    "For you see, though you may not have realized it, at this
>moment..." 

Steele (Kagato(frustrated actor)):Uh, line?! 

>Kagato paused, trying to remember his line. Those last few
>steps threw his timing off, and he couldn't remember his carefully
>rehearsed banter. 

Gene (Kagato): Cut, Cut! Washu, can I start that again?
Washu: No idiot, this is live! Damn! (Disconnects from Jurai ship)
>Mentally, he cursed Washu for putting that in the
>script...

Washu: Don't blame me for your mistakes, buddy boy!
Kagato (In fic): I'll get you for this!

>he was terrible at these things, coordinating movement and
>talk. 

Leena: He can't walk and talk at the same time? (Laughs)

>If he had his way, next time he would just stand still, and let
>the dialogue speak for itself. "At...at this moment...uh...at...at
>this moment...All your base are belong to us!"

(The sound of four people and one Cybertronian facefaulting can be heard several parsecs away)

>The ship's captain blinked at him in astonishment, and then nearly
>fell over in a hysterical fit of laughter. Laughing, he signaled
>to his officers, and suddenly the visual communication signal broke
>apart.

Gene: Dammit, someone hang up the phone, my modem lost the signal!

>    "Damn it all, I almost got it right this time!" Kagato fumed,
>turning to Washu. But before he could say anything further, she
>dismissed him with a motion of her hand.

Washu: You're dismissed young man. Try better next time.

>    "Don't worry. I'm way ahead of you," she said, bringing up the
>visual screen. A giant glowing shard of green energy enough to vaporize
>a small planetary system blasted relentlessly toward the Cassia-class
>cruiser that was slowly turning away from them...

Leena: How do you have a shard of energy?
Washu (Going into 'Professor Mode'): Well you see...
All: Never mind!
Washu: Hmph!


>Characters belong to AIC and Pioneer, as well as to their respective
>creators.

Gene: Oh, There's the disclaimer!
Steele: It must have Ryoga's sense of direction
All (Ryoga): WHERE IN THE FIC AM I NOWWWWWWWWWW?

>Thanks to all those who should be thanked (you know who you are).
Leena: Hey, no prob.

>C&C can be sent to cori_ohki@hotmail.com. Thank you for reading.

Washu: No, thank you for writing. No, really. No thank you, we don't want any more!

[Fic ends]

Steele: Rather than head to the ready room, let's do the wrap up here.
Gene: You're the boss.
Leena: But first...(Leena goes over to the Projection Booth and unlocks the door. Waspinator charges out, almost 
knocking her over)
Waspinator: Wazpinator trapped in ztupid booth for two MSTz!
Gene: Ah, yeah. Sorry about that. I might have bumped the lock going in last time.
(Waspinator starts to pull his Stinger Gun, but Maximillian retrains him)
Steele: It's only funny in the theater, Waspinator. Put it away.
Waspinator: Later, Outlaw. (Walks away)
Leena: Guys, wrap up?
Steele: Right, right. I kind of liked it. I have a thing for AU fics so I'm biased.
Washu: I was a Pirate! That's Ryoko's thing, not mine!
Leena: It was pretty good, actually. The ending though...
Gene: Cliffhangers. I hate 'em. Otherwise it was good.
Steele:...Waspy?
Waspinator: Wazpinator thinks it waz an ok fic. 
Steele: all right, everyone resume normal lives.
Leena: I think I'll go beat your crew in another match, then.
Steele: Don't humiliate them, please? I may need them for a mission some day.
Leena: Sure, sure.
Gene: Mmmm, dinner time. I wonder what Mel's cooking tonight? (Walks off)
Washu: Well, time to get back. I need to see if my daughter killed the princess yet.
Steele: Hmmm, I wonder if she would come on the ship...
Washu: I'll mention it when I get there. Later (Opens portal, walks through)
Steele: (Puts one arm around Waspinator's shoulder, the other around Leena's) Come on, you can help me an' 
Leena beat up on the crew. 
Waspinator: (Perks up): Wazpinator thinkz that iz a great idea! (All three head to the firing range)

End record

Captains log
050602
After successfully beating the crew in several matches (with the added bonus of a battle in which Waspinator was 
NOT blown to scrap) the MST Team settled back down to our day to day lives. 
Gene has not been seen since the end of the fic, I hope Melfina doesn't hurt him too much...
End Log

Author's Notes

Ah yes, another MST down. This is one of the stranger fics I've read in a while.
 'All your base are belong to us' heh. I've been chuckling at that since I first read this,


Comments, criticism? Send to jgibb@adelphia.net. Flames? Use 'em to burn terrorists!

NEVER FORGET 09/11/2001!!!

MSTs FOREVER!!