Authors note: I only own one of these charicters, so please don't sue me. The 
letter part of this story I got out of an email, and the reason I reproduced it 
as a fanfic is to show that gun violence really does matter. Thank you for 
reading this, and when you do, you will understand what I am trying to say.

Washu sighed. It had been a month since her middle child, Maiaka, had been 
killed. But still, for some reason, It felt like only yesterday that Maiaka's 
school called, and told her the news. And it was later that day that Jen had 
found the note that Maiaka had wrote in her last few minutes alive. Washu still 
carried the letter around, for it was very important to her. Washu could feel 
the tears brimming in her eyes again and she pulled out the note and read it 
again and again, as if she had just received it. Maiaka's smooth hand writing 
glimmered as the light reflected on the pencil marks. Washu had got to spend 
Maiaka's final minutes with her, and what surprised her was that when she came 
in it was Maiaka crying instead of her. Washu glanced at the note again, a deep 
hatred for the boy that had done this to her daughter. The note had read:     

Mommy.. 
   
     Johnny brought a gun to school, 
     He told his friends that it was cool, 
     And when he pulled the trigger back, 
     It shot with a great crack. 
     Mommy, I was a good girl, I did 
     What I was told, 
     I went to school, I got straight A's, 
     I even got the gold! 
     But Mommy, when I went school that day, 
     I never said good-bye, 
     I'm sorry Mommy, I had to go, 
     But Mommy, please don't cry. 
     When Johnny shot the gun, 
     He hit me and another, 
     And all because Johnny, 
     Got the gun from his older brother. 
     Mommy, please tell Daddy; 
     That I love him very much, 
     And please tell Andrew; my boyfriend; 
     That it wasn't just a crush. 
     And tell my two sisters; 
     That they are the only ones now, 
     And tell my dear sweet grandmother; 
     I'll by waiting for her now, 
     And tell my wonderful friends; 
     That they always were the best; 
     Mommy, I'm not the first, 
     I'm no better than the rest. 
     Mommy, tell my teachers; 
     I won't show up for class, 
     And never to forget this,
     And please don't let this pass. 
     Mommy, why'd it have to be me? 
     No one deserves this, 
     Mommy, warn the others, 
     Mommy I left without a kiss. 
     And Mommy tell the doctors; 
     I know they really did try, 
     I think I even saw a doctor, 
     Trying not to cry. 
     Mommy, I'm slowly dying, 
     With a bullet in my chest, 
     But Mommy please remember, 
     I'm in heaven with the rest. 
     Mommy I ran as fast as I could, 
     When I heard that crack, 
     Mommy, listen to me if you would, 
     I'm not coming back. 
     I wanted to go to college, 
     I wanted to try things that were new, 
     I guess I'm not going with Daddy, 
     On that trip to the new zoo. 
     I wanted to get married, 
     I wanted to have a kid, 
     I wanted to be an actress, 
     Mommy, I wanted to live. 
     But Mommy I must go now, 
     The time is getting late, 
     Mommy, tell my boyfriend, 
     I'm sorry but I had to cancel the date. 
     I love you Mommy, I always have, 
     I know; you know it's true, 
     And Mommy all I wanted to say is, 
     "Mommy, I love you." 

Washu's eyes filled with tears at her daughters sweet words of love. It was then 
she relized that her husband was standing behind her.
	"I miss her too, Washu." Tenchi said, his gaze on the note. Jen, who was 
at his feet, gave a whimper in agreement.
