Tenchi Muyo! is owned by AIC/Pioneer and was created by Masaki Kajishima and 
Hiroki Hayashi. All other characters are copywrite their respective owners. This 
is my first (unofficial) Fan-Fic.

Ben Jonas reluctantly presents:

----------------------------------The Expendables-------------------------------
			  Rejected ideas for the author's first fan fic.

Title: You've Got Questions, We've Got Questions 

Summary: My answers to some of the questions presented in the Tenchi-Verse (like 
what Washu's puppets are made out of and why Kiyone always wears a red bandana).

Why It Didn't Work: There was a part where I was going to mention what happened 
to Mayuka after Daughter Of Darkness (hint: it would've involved Mihoshi and one 
of the engines of the Yagami; draw your own conclusions from there). Also, it 
was really going nowhere, so I decided to scrap the idea. 

Title: Catch The $$60,000,000,000 Man 

Summary: A Tenchi Universe/Trigun/Cowboy Bebop/Sol Bianca: The Legacy/Iria mega 
crossover that would've climaxed with the biggest chase scene in all of Tenchi 
fan-fictiondom (the idea for a chase scene was inspired by a song from an 
episode of Cowboy Bebop).

Why It Didn't Work: Even though I've seen every episode of Tenchi Universe, 
Iria, and most episodes of Cowboy Bebop, I still don't know enough about Trigun 
or Sol Bianca. Plus, it would've gotten too complex after awhile (however, I may 
write a Tenchi Universe/Trigun crossover in the future, just to keep things 
simple). 

Title: Another Tenchi Muyo!/Ranma 1/2 Crossover

Summary: N/A

Why It Didn't Work: Has anybody ever heard of over-doing it? There are WAY too 
many fan-fics dedicated to Tenchi Muyo!/Ranma 1/2 crossovers. 'Nuff said!

No Need For A Vision 

Summary: A Tenchi Muyo!/Escaflowne crossover. It would've been a silly, light-
hearted tale about Hitomi Kanzaki accidentally winding up in the Tenchi-verse 
thanks to Mihoshi playing with Washu's Inter-Dimensional Beach Ball (patent 
pending).

Why It Didn't Work: Much like my idea You've Got Questions, We've Got Questions, 
the story wasn't really going anywhere, so I decided to dispose of it (for now).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Well, that's it for my rejected ideas. If you think you have the guts to write a 
fan-fic out of any one of the ideas presented here, please let me know at 
insaneben@yahoo.com. And now, for your viewing pleasure, here's a preview of my 
first OFFICIAL fan-fic.

PREVIEW

Hello! My name is Trunks. 
Wondering why I'm providing the monologue for a Tenchi fan-fic? Well, Cell has 
just finished his rampage through Gingertown and Nickytown, but before deciding 
to take on the Androids, he's decided to make a little stop over in Tokyo, with 
the intent of consuming a power unknown to him. That power being Tenchi Masaki! 
Meanwhile, Tenchi, Sakuya, and friends are celebrating the Cultural Festival 
over at Tenchi's high school, unaware of what's about to happen. And where do I 
fit into all of this? Well, you'll see.

A special Dragonball Z/Shin Tenchi Muyo series crossover episode:
CELL-OUT!
