<unnecessary, but necessary legal stuffing>
Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-ohki and its characters are copyrighted by AIC/Pioneer.
Please don't sue me.... I'm broke. And please don't use my story (thou I doubt
anyone would ^.^*) w/o my permission. Oh, and this is my first attempt at a
fic, so bear with me.

Fear

What am I afraid of?

Do I fear that the second I glance away, another dark force will show itself
and attempt to tear him away from me once again? Am I terrified that upon
closer inspection, his chest will have ceased its calming rise and fall, and I
will be doomed to a life of emptiness and despair, the life I once led under
another?

What am I afraid of?

Am I frightened for him, or myself? Why do I shiver at the thought of him
rejecting me, pushing me away, demonstrating his repulsion while I desperately
try to convince myself he loves me? That he merely is not aware of it yet?
That he could not possibly know how much his words wound me, injure me, tear
me to shreds?

What am I afraid of?

Is this fear rational, or even necessary? Why do I tremble when that innocent,
blue-haired angel steals the laughter and warmth that I have been longing for
seventeen years? That I have been denied my entire life? Why does my heart
pound in my ears when that cunning heir to the Juraian throne cloaks her
burning desire with gentleness and elegance, delicately sinking her claws
deeper and deeper into his unknowing heart?

What am I afraid of?

Even as I float silently above him, guarding his sleep, staring at those
beloved features, the endless questions plague my mind, threatening to eclipse
the love flowing through my veins with logic and reason. And even as I gently
touch those dark strands of hair, I feel the kind, selfless smile that fills
my heart day in and day out, and those beautiful, warm brown eyes I first
witnessed seventeen years ago melt all doubt and hesitation.

What am I afraid of?

Perhaps the sensation of fear itself, a feeling as alien to me as love used to
be. Not one billion bounty hunters and Juraian generals could cause the pain
and terror harbored in my soul now. But if I can see him every day, witness
him living in relative peace and enjoying all the things I could not, hold on
to the hope that perhaps one day, his friendly, compassionate gaze will be
filled with half the unconditional love I feel for him.... then ...

I will not be afraid.
