TENCHI GOES TO THE BIG CITY

Ryoko:  Get me a glass of water on the rocks!

Ryoko:  There's no little umbrella in this!(throws it in guys face)

guy:  I'm very sorry ma'am, I'll get you another one right away.

(secretary Sasami through intercom): Tenchi's here, and he says he wants to
speak to you.

Ryoko:  Not again, send him up.

(enter Tenchi)

Tenchi:  Hi Ryoko!

Ryoko:  I hope this isn't more poetry idolizing me.

Tenchi:  It's not Ryoko, it's just that since you've become the owner of a
super successful law firm and are making millions of dollars a month and
have
been named most beautiful woman in the world and are entertaining several
offers to turn your best selling autobiography into a movie that is
estimated
to rake in more money at the box office than Titanic, I feel like I never
see
you any more and I realized how much I missed you.

Ryoko:  Uh-huh.(yawning and filing her nails)

Tenchi:  What I really mean...what I really wanted to say... Ryoko, I love
you and not Ayeka, you're the only one for me.  (getting down on one
knee)Will you marry me?

Ryoko:  Sorry Tenchi, I'm already engaged to someone that never fell in love
with the shadow of a demented little devil child that wanted to take over
the
world, has a six pack, can actually make a living instead of just training
and doing chores, is actually my height, and never felt that he couldn't
choose between me and an annoying princess with a pole up her ass.

Tenchi:  Bu...

Ryoko:  Bubba, remove this man from my presence.

Bubba:  Right way ma'am.

(back at the flat Tenchi is sharing with Ayeka)

Ayeka:  Tenchi, I'm tired of being a crack whore, why won't you marry me and
let me be the perfect little stereotypical housewife that I've always wanted
to be.

Tenchi:  Sorry Ayeka, we need some form of income to pay rent here in Tokyo
after I got fired from Mcdonald's.  They really blew things out of
proportion.  I was just trying to impress this really cute chick at the
counter, so I asked her if she wanted to see my sword.  I can't understand
what got her so upset.  And then when I actually made my sword and was using
it to heat a burger, I didn't read the warning label on it that said some of
the chemicals in this burger flavored pig byproduct are flammable and I blew
up the entire Mcdonalds.  And I can't marry you because I love Ryoko and she
is my soulmate, so I'm just going to watch Dawson's Creek and pine for her
for the rest of my life.

THE END

Disclaimer:  I don't own any of these characters, no really I don't, so
don't
even try thinking that I do.
