Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns these characters.  I'm just using them to get
a laugh!

Author's note:  OVA!

=-=-=-=-=

Tenchi Muyo!:  Food Fight!

Brian Burke

Tenchii@hotmail.com

=-=-=-=-=

        It's been a peaceful summer day at the Masaki home.  Considering
how rare they are, the various occupants take full advantage of it.

        On such a day, Sasami steps outside with a small paper bag in her
hand.

        "Whatcha up to, Sasami?" Ryoko asks from the tree above.

        "Oh, hi Ryoko!  I was just going to feed the birds."

        "Feed them what?"

        Opening the bag, Sasami pulls out a portion of the contents.  "I'm
just going to put out some bread crumbs."  She then proceeds to
sprinkle the handful on the ground.  After emptying the bag on the
ground, she heads back inside the house.

        Moments later, several birds of different species land and eat
away at the birdy smorgasborg.

        Ryoko is watching this from her position in the tree.  "Bread
crumbs, huh?"  Smiling, she takes off into the distance.

=-=-=-=-=

An hour later.

        Sasami is washing dishes when she looks curiously into the
afternoon sky.  Although seeing birds fly around is nothing new,
watching them do loops certainly is.  "What in the world?"  Sasami puts
down the dish and walks outside.  Ryo-Ohki follows, curious.

        As she stands outside, she just watches the birds do tricks in
mid-air.  Then, she sees a small object fly from the nearby tree.
Looking to the source, "Ryoko?  What are you doing?"

        "Oh, hi Sasami!  I'm just feeding the birds."

        "With what?"

        Ryoko tosses one of the projectiles down to Sasami.  "I figured
they'd like these better."

        Looking at it, "a donut ball?"

        Ryo-Ohki's ears perch upwards at the thought.  "Meow!"  She then
takes to the air after the sweet treats.  "Meow!  Meow!" she says,
trying to grab at one of them.

        Ayeka walks out of the house.  "What is going on out here?"

        Ryoko hears her rival and sends a donut ball towards her, but only
grazes the top of her hair.  The bird that followed, however, did not
miss.  Laughing hysterically, "there's no reason to eat crow yet,
princess!"

        Rubbing her face, Ayeka walks into the house for her own
projectiles.  Picking up a few vegetables, she uses her power to shoot
them at her enemy.  "Take that!"

        Ryoko uses her gem power to slow and redirect the carrot portion,
sending them to Ryo-Ohki.  "Now, let's see what you can really do!"

        Seeing the carrot fly at her, "MEOW!"  Her eyes glued to the
veggie, she takes off after it.  Power diving, she turns up just as she
misses Ayeka, sending the princess to her rear.

        Walking out, Tenchi sees an interesting sight.  The birds are
doing stunts in the air, and Ryo-Ohki is chasing a flying carrot.
"What's going on out here?"

        Ryoko gently tosses down a treat.  "Hello, Tenchi.  I'm just
having a little fun with the birds."

        Walking out of the house, Washu has her usual calm look to her.
"It figures."

        "That's enough, Ryoko," Sasami says.  "They don't like to be
teased this long."

        "Oh, alright."  She lets her donut balls get eaten by the birds,
and Ryo-Ohki gets her carrot.  Finally, she sends out a shower of
rolled up sweets into the woods, sending the birds away.

        "It makes sense that you'd do this, Ryoko," Washu states.

        Ryoko looks down at them, smiling, "and why is that?" she asks,
juggling a few more spherical pastries.

        "Mrm mrm," is heard next to Ryoko.  Looking over, she sees Ryo-
Ohki eating Ryoko's ammunition.

        "Part cat," Ryoko says, "part rabbit."  Looking closer, "all pig."

        "Meow..." she whines, dropping her ears.

        Ryoko takes a donut ball, "well, Ayeka?  Would you like a treat?"

        Ryo-Ohki jumps down with one of the bags, knowing what's coming.

        "Hey!  Give those back!"

        Ayeka moves into the cabbit's path, taking the bag, "thank you,
Ryo-Ohki."

        "Meow?"

        "You wouldn't dare."

        Ayeka just smiles as she sends five donut balls at Ryoko, courtesy
of her Jurai power.   "Have a ball!"

        Deflecting the treats, Ryoko takes a few more in her hand.  She
then launches them at Ayeka, who shields herself.

        "Food Fight!" Sasami yells.

        After a few minutes, every donut ball has been impacted, whether
on the ground, or on someone.  Ayeka seems to have taken the most, for
she is covered in crumbs.  Ryoko on the other hand, only has a few
squashed pastries on her body.

        Ryo-Ohki walks up to the sitting Ayeka, and takes a halfway
squashed ball off her kimono.  Eating it, she just relaxes and meows
contently.

        Sasami walks out from behind the tree, crumb free.  "Is the war
over?"

        Tenchi walks out of the house, crumb free as well.  "It seems so."

        "Well, Ryoko," Washu says, "did you enjoy yourself?"  A second
later, a donut ball gets mashed into her.  "I guess so."

:::-!end!-:::

-Can anyone guess what I'm munching on?