                              For My Sister

                                By: Zylle

Author's Notes:  This is a touching story for all Sasami fans.  It's really
short, I know, but it's sweet.  Enjoy.

        "Washu, is she gonna be okay?"  Sasami asked in worry as she gazed
at her
older sister as she lay on the bed in Washu's lab.
        "To tell you the truth...I don't know, Sasami, I just don't know,"
the
genius scientist replied in distress as she realized she couldn't help the
young woman in any way.  Sasami's big, rose-colored eyes filled with tears
as she stroked Ryo-Ohki's small head to comfort herself.  The cabbit rubbed
her head against the girl and mewed in
concern as she looked up at her.  Tenchi put his hand on Sasami's shoulder
and first looked at her, then Ayeka's still body.  His hands squeezed
Sasami's shoulder slightly as he gritted his teeth in helplessness.  Sasami
looked up at him as he did this and he led her
out the door of the lab.  Mihoshi and Ryoko were sitting on the couch as
they came out and they both looked up to hear news of Ayeka's position.
Tenchi and Sasami sat down on the couch as well and looked at the two women
in sorrow.
        "Well, is she gonna be all right?  Huh?"  Mihoshi asked quickly.
        "We don't know, Mihoshi," Tenchi said after Sasami didn't answer.
Tenchi
glanced at Ryoko and she looked away.  He could tell she was very troubled
by the whole situation, but she was trying very hard not to show it.  Tenchi
guessed she cared deeply about what happened to anyone in the house, even
though they may be her rivals and may dislike her.  But then again, all
ANYONE could do was guess what was going on in the former space pirate's
mind.  Tenchi looked back at Sasami and saw she was fighting tears as she
sat beside him and looked at the floor in despair.  She didn't want to talk
about it at all.  And even if she did, she would probably explode in a fit
of sobs if she
tried to speak.  Tenchi decided to just leave her be.
        "Is there anything we can do?"  Mihoshi tried again.
        "No -- no, I don't think so," Tenchi sighed and held his head in his
hands.
        "What are we gonna do?"  Mihoshi questioned further as her voice
became
almost a squeak.
        "I'm not sure."  Tenchi replied.  They all sat in silence for a
moment.
Minutes passed, but it seemed like hours to the foursome in the room.
Suddenly Sasami stood, and without saying a word went into the kitchen and
began chopping a vegetable on the table.  Ryoko got up as well.
        "I have to do something with my hands to get my mind off of all this
mess,"
she said and went to the kitchen as well.
        Tenchi sighed and looked at Mihoshi expectantly.  "Well?"
        "Well -- well what?"
        "Aren't you gonna go help them too?"
        "Oh, no, I couldn't.  I'm too nervous," Mihoshi responded and began
rubbing
her hands together vigorously.  Tenchi looked up in surprise as the door to
Washu's lab suddenly flew open.
        "Hey, you guys, come here a second, I have something to tell you."
Washu
said.
                                    ***
        "So you're saying the only way to save Ayeka is to have a blood
transfusion?"  Tenchi asked.
        "Yes.  Ayeka's very sick and needs the blood right away.  Sasami is
the
only one with a match to Ayeka's rare blood type because: one, they're
sisters, and two, they're both Jurains.  Also, Sasami is the only one who
has had this sickness recently.  Will you do it, Sasami?"
        "I --" Sasami hesitated a moment as her eyes wandered to her
unconscious
sister.  After a moment she furrowed her eyebrows in a determined manner.
"-- Yes.  I'll do it, for my sister."
        "All right, then if you would please sit here we will begin," Washu
said as
she led Sasami to a chair and put a cotton ball with a cleaning medicine on
her arm as if she was getting a regular shot, "oh, and you guys can leave if
you want."
        Ryoko and Mihoshi left the room to wait in the living room.  Tenchi
hesitated as he looked at Sasami and then the door.  He was unsure whether
to leave or not.
        "Tenchi, stay here with me, I want you here, please?"  Sasami
pleaded.
        "Uh, okay, Sasami," Tenchi replied as he stood by her.  Washu was
flicking
the shot she was about to give her to see if it worked.  Sasami felt for
Tenchi's hand and grasped it tightly as Washu came over to them.
        "Okay, Sasami, now this might sting a little..."
                                   ***
        "What'll we do, what'll we do?"  Mihoshi shrieked as she shook her
head
back and forth.
        "Oh, quit your whining, everything's gonna be fine," Ryoko retorted
in
annoyance, staring at the wall.
        "You really think so?  Oh, Ryoko, I'm scared!"  Mihoshi said as she
grabbed
Ryoko around the waist and began sobbing uncontrollably.
        "Get off me, get off!  Sheesh, you are one big pain in the neck,"
Ryoko
said as she pushed Mihoshi away.  They both looked up as the door to Washu's
lab slowly opened.  Washu walked out, Tenchi close behind with Sasami in his
arms.  Ryoko and Mihoshi got up to make room for Sasami to be layed down on
the couch and observed as she was
lowered on to it.  They all watched as the young girl's eyes slowly opened.
        "It'll take a while for you to start feeling less sore, so don't
move
around and let us do all the work, Sasami," Washu said to break the
uncomfortable silence.
        Sasami, acknowledging Washu, looked at Tenchi and asked, "Tenchi,
when --
will I...die?"
        Tenchi looked shocked at this question.  "What do you mean, Sasami?
From
what?"
        "From this," Sasami replied as she pointed to the bandage on her arm
where
they had taken the blood.  She winced form the effort.  Tenchi gasped as he
took in her words.  Now he knew why Sasami had hesitated in saying yes.  In
thinking she would die, she had given her life for her sister.  She gazed at
him with tears in her eyes as she waited for his answer.  Tenchi's vision
became blurry as he also began to cry.

Author's Notes: This was based on a true story, if you wanted to know.
Well, obviously a blood transfusion never kills you.  But Sasami didn't know
that.  She thought that, having done this, she would die instead of Ayeka.
But that wasn't the case.  So that's a very touching thing to think that
your brother or your sister would do that for you.  I don't know about MY
brothers -- but anyway, any comments are welcome at:
zylles_place@hotmail.com
