"Tenchi Muyo" and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC.  
"Forever" is by Paul Stanley and Michael Bolton.


Forever


	The gang was sitting around the Karaoke machine they had purchased in 
outer space.  Tonight was the one-year anniversary of their return, and they 
threw a grandiose party to celebrate.  At the end of the evening they retired to 
the den to relive old memories.
	
	Ayeka went first singing a song about how graceful princess' are.  Ryoko 
went on to sing a heavy metal anthem and so on.  Finally it came down to Tenchi.  
He had been flipping through the CD book the whole time looking for something to 
sing.

	'I hate this,' he thought.

	"Come on Tenchi," begged Ryoko, tugging at his arm.  "It's your turn."  

	'Ryoko.' thought Tenchi.  

	"I agree," seconded Ayeka.  "In fact I have never heard you Karaoke before 
Lord Tenchi."  Every one agreed and pushed Tenchi towards the stereo.

	"Alright, alright," he pleaded.  "Just give me a second."  He decided for 
the last time and popped a disk into the player.  As the soft guitar strains 
began a stringed quartet joined in.  Tenchi looked towards everyone and began to 
sing.


I gotta tell you what I'm feelin' inside
I could lie to myself but its true
There's no denying when I look in your eyes
Girl I'm out of my head over you
I lived so long believin' love is blind
But everything about you is telling me this time

Its forever
This time I know and there's no doubt in my mind
Forever
Until my life is thru, girl I'll be lovin you forever

I hear the echo of a promise I made
When your strong you can stand own your own
But those words grow distant as I look at your face
No, I don't wanna go in alone
I never thought I'd lay my heart on the line
But everything about you is telling me this time

Its forever
This time I know and there's no doubt in my mind
Forever
Until my life is thru, girl I'll be lovin you forever

I see my future when I look in your eyes
And it took your love to make my heart come alive
Cos I lived so long believin all love was blind
But everything about you is telling me this time 

Its forever...

Its forever...


	As the music faded out Tenchi looked towards his family.  There was not a 
dry eye to be found.

	"That was beautiful Lord Tenchi," said Ayeka running up to him and giving 
him a hug.  Tenchi looked over her shoulder to see Ryoko sitting on the couch.  
Her bottom lip quivered before faded away.  Tenchi sighed and gently pulled 
Ayeka away from him.  

	"Lord Tenchi?" she asked.

	"I just need some air," he said slipping out of the back door.  Ayeka held 
a hand to her mouth and ran up stairs leaving everyone else wondering what they 
had just witnessed.


	The sound of muffled cries wafted up from the path by the lake.  Tenchi 
peaked out from a tree to find Ryoko crying against an old gray stone.  Tenchi 
recognized the spot.  It was the same spot where she had returned to him a year 
before.

	"Ryoko," he said softly, trying not to startle her.  She looked up at him 
briefly only to return to her tormented tears.  Sighing heavily Tenchi walked 
over to her and kneeled.
	"Ryoko, please."

	"That was cruel of you," she sobbed.  "I guess you're here to tell me that 
you've chosen Ayeka?  Right?  You can't love a space pirate.  Just say it 
Tenchi.  Tell me that that was for her."

	"Alright," began Tenchi.  "I'll tell you.  It was for you."

	"See what." she stopped mid-word.  "For me?"

	"Yep.  And I meant every word of it."  

	"Tenchi." She stopped again, but his time it was due to his lips pressing 
against hers, in a deep, passionate kiss. 
	
	"I love you," She whispered through the tears.

	"I love you too.  Forever."


The End


Notes:  Just a quick fic using one of my favorite KISS songs of 1989's "Hot in 
the Shade."  Check it out, you'll like it.  Thanks to all who read this and 
please send feed back to William Nichols, e-mail: vette1701@eartlink.net or 
nichowr@auburn.edu.  Thanks and have a happy holidays.  12/14/01.
