Disclaimer: Usual stuff here. I don't own Tenchi, and I do not intend
to make any sort of profit off of this fic. I am merely borrowing
characters that were created by Pioneer LDC and AIC for some fun in
writing, and in hopes that you'll like this too. ^_^

Author's Notes: Hi everyone. This is a short one shot fic, which I won't
spoil with words. Hence, let's get right into it. Before that, I'd like
to thank Beagle-san for prereading this.


	************

GARDEN OF GOD
Touching the Mind

	************



	She took in a long, deep breath.
	Or at the very least, it could be determined as that. It is 
difficult to say exactly if one of her own entity would breathe. If she
even breathed at all. 
	If she is even a 'she'.
	Everywhere. That is where she lived. That is where she spanned.
She was the almost the very retrospection of reality, in one sense. To
attempt to put her own being into a physical limitation of thought is
simply outside the realms of possibility.
	Giving her a name is also foolish, and impossible.
	Nonetheless, the foolish, the weak, the mortal, did name her.
	Lady Tokimi.
	The essence of the goddess stood in front of a pool of water. 
She wasn't really standing, as her actual entity was only partly within
her own physical essence. Tokimi's very being procreated itself 
continuously, every part of her being born again at every instant.
	The soul of immortality.
	The pool spanned distances. Leagues. Kilometers. Endless.
	The actual length or size of the body of water was beyond human
comprehension. It extended on just as Tokimi herself did. For eternity.
	The water seemed to ripple endlessly, mirroring it's own size.
Small little cascades, in time set as if clockwork, almost a
symphony of movement. Never slowing, never going faster. Simply 
moving.
	From the center, in a sense, where the water itself advented
from, was a tree. A very large tree, that had no name. It had no
distinction, and had no place. It could not be classified as a 
tree, even, as there was no other like it in existence.
	Nonetheless, it resembled a tree, regardless of the fact that
it indeed was something more. Something infinite.
	This tree seemed to grow from the water, and stretch upwards,
as if it's branches were reaching to the sky, trying to grab ahold
of it and pull it back down into the cerulean water that it was
sprouting from. It had very large roots which seemed to be a mass
of tendrils which dipped in and out of the water which advented
from it. 
	Tokimi's physical manifestation moved toward the tree. 
	Her body walked on the rippling water like glass, not sinking
into it, nor disturbing it's wavy, endless features. Her foot was an
ethereal appendage that made no evidence that it existed at all.
	It most likely didn't, after all.
	Tokimi's eerie blue eyes seemed to sparkle with a sense of
almost fascination as she stepped closer to the tree, one foot at a
time. The sky all around the infinite water was merely a mirror of the
water itself, as it seemed to ripple in perfect clockwork with it's
landscaped counterpart.
	Tokimi's face was completely expressionless as she stepped up
to the tree, and then stopped mere feet from it. She simply stood
there, staring at it.
	For how long, couldn't be gauged. 
	Time to a goddess is meaningless. A billion years to them
is but a twinkling to one who lives forever, and is forever reborn
at every instant.
	Finally, after however long in the physical comprehension of
'time' she stood there, she took one more step foreward, and placed
her pale, eerie hand on the trunk.
	The trunk of the tree seemed to glow with her hand, and
created a low sonic resonace that seemed to echo off the water which
surrounded it, but still did not disturb it's pattern.
	Tokimi closed her eyes. And then...
	...and then she spoke.
	"Tsunami..."
	Her words was like a song in and of itself. A voice that 
whispered benevolence. A voice that seemed to transmit itself on a
natural wavelength that was designed purely for stroking the
sensual nerves of a mortals brain, causing them to shudder and
surrender to the voice.
	"This is your tree, Tsunami?"
	She opened her eyes again. "Is this where you have lived, 
all this time?"
	Her hand slowly drifted across the smooth bark.
	"You live here. You are trapped."
	"You wish to be free, don't you, sister?"
	Tokimi's face lifted into what a mortal would consider to be
a smile. "You wish to leave the physical world once again, don't you."
	If she had mortal sensations, Tokimi would've felt the bark
underneath her hand warming from the glow underneath her hand.
	"Our other sister is with you. She is one with matter."
	"She too, must wish to rejoin."
	"We will rejoin each other again, Tsunami."
	"We will stop this, and become one once again, won't we?"	
	Tokimi's eyes shut again, her face becoming once more
completely expressionless.
	"The time that we will rejoin and become all of existence 
itself will return. We will once again know everything, see
everything... and *be* everything."
	The tree underneath her hand seemed to resonate with her
words, as if it was agreeing, or perhaps frightened of them. A
mortal would have no way of knowing which.
	"I will return, Tsunami. To your life. To your garden. We
will once again be one. We will become God. Tsunami,"
	Tokimi took her hand off of the tree, and turned.
	She began to fade from the tree, her words whispering through
the infinite of the reality that the tree was encompassed in,
	"Tsunami... we *are* God."


______



Author's Notes: Who or what *is* Tokimi? I know that will most certainly
be answered in the new OAV coming along, but this is kind of something
that just came to me, so I wrote it. Short, I know... but mysterious. I
think that's what Tokimi is more about. There are so many fics out there 
that place Tokimi upon the pedestal of 'evil'. How can a goddess, one who
goes beyond mortal comprehension be 'evil'? Not that they aren't good fics,
it just seems to be some sort of accepted notion that Tokimi is a bad, evil,
spiteful being. Oh well. It's not like this was the be-all-end-all of fan 
fiction, just a little insight into the world of the goddess. Thanks
for reading. ^_^


email: bhoffer7@home.com
The Entry Plug


