I don't own these characters or profit from them.

Give into the dream
By, Clayton Overstreet


  Tenchi yawned and stretched in his bed, expecting at any moment to bump 
into Ryoko. When that didn't happen he got up and headed to the bathroom 
expecting her to pop up while he brushed his teeth. He was vaguely 
disappointed, but also relieved when she didn't. Of course the only time 
something like this happened was when she and Aeka started fighting early.
  Once he was dressed he headed down the stairs listening for the sounds of 
explosions and indignant insults. He was really surprised when Aeka and 
Ryoko were not only sitting at the table, but they were talking to each 
other without insults.
  "This is a pleasant surprise," Tenchi said. "You two are finally getting 
along."
  They both glanced at him and said, "Good morning Tenchi." Then turned back 
to their talk like he wasn't even there. Tenchi looked at the others but 
they didn't seem to notice anything wrong so he just sat down out of the way 
and began eating.
  Kiyone and Mihoshi were talking with each other and Sasami seemed to be 
talking with Washu. Tenchi ate quietly wondering what was going on. He 
always complained that they all seemed to focus on him, but now that they 
weren't, he felt somewhat put off.
  Oh well, at least they weren't fighting. Standing up he smiled at them and 
said, "I'm off to the fields, and I'll be back later." None of them tried to 
hug him goodbye not even Ryoko.
  Tenchi shrugged and left to get to work.

  When he got home that afternoon he had written it off as a fluke. He 
walked through the door smiling, expecting to be mauled by at least Ryoko at 
any second. When nothing happened he walked into the living room. Ryoko and 
Aeka were sitting on the couch watching a soap opera.
  "Are you two alright?" He asked.
  Aeka looked up. "What do you mean Tenchi?"
  He rubbed his head. "Well you've both been acting weird. Usually you two 
are either all over me or you're fighting by now. And usually you call me 
Lord Tenchi."
  Ryoko looked up at him. "What are you talking about? When did you get so 
full of yourself Tenchi?"
  Tenchi shook his head. "Something weird is going on here."
  "Just because we're not all over you? I mean come on Tenchi, you're cute 
but not that cute." Ryoko said smirking.
  "I know that. It's what I've been telling everyone since the day we met. 
Why would you suddenly listen to me now? And why would you two stop 
fighting?"
  Aeka looked at him and shook her head. "What is it with me wanting to 
watch cat fights?"
  "I don't know, but this is getting annoying. He's acting like Noboyuki." 
Ryoko said and vanished. Aeka got up and walked out. Tenchi stood there dumb 
founded. Ryoko and Aeka always fought. The only time they hadn't was when 
they had landed in Sasami's world during the incident with the... "Washu!"
  Washu stuck her head out of the lab door. "Yes Tenchi?"
  "Have you been experimenting on everyone again?" He asked.
  Washu looked at him innocently. "No, no of course not... well yes. But I 
thought you'd like it."
  Tenchi sighed. "What did you do this time?"
  "Well you never got the chance to use the dimension tuner so I plugged in 
all the things you complain about. It should be over in a week. Just give it 
a chance Tenchi."
  "One week and you'll put everything back to normal?" He asked.
  She nodded and disappeared back into the lab. Tenchi thought about it for 
a minute. A week wasn't so bad. What could happen?

  "You're leaving?" Tenchi asked.
  Aeka nodded. "I am needed on Jurai and have been on vacation far too long. 
Sasami may stay. But I have to go." She turned and walked up the plank to 
her ship. Tenchi almost stopped her, but was reminded of the day that he had 
left her on Jurai.
  "I understand Aeka. I wish you the best of luck." He said quietly.
  Sasami hugged her sister just before she got onto the ship. Aeka smiled at 
her, then turned to leave, waving goodbye to the others. When the ship rose 
into the sky and disappeared they stayed and watched for a long time.
  Ryoko looked at Tenchi for a minute, then turned and vanished. Before she 
was completely gone Tenchi noticed a tear on her cheek.
  "Washu, I think this has gone too far." He said.
  Washu nodded. "I agree, but since I wasn't in the machine we have to wait 
for the timer to wind down."
  "Then could you please talk with Sasami? I have something I need to do."
  Washu nodded. "Tenchi about Aeka..."
  "It's alright Washu. I never wanted to keep any of you here if you really 
didn't want to." He said, walking away.
  Washu started to follow him but stopped. He had asked her to see to Sasami 
and that's what she would do.
  Tenchi found Ryoko sitting on the dock. He walked next to her and sat 
down, staring out at the water. Neither of them said a word for a long time.
  Finally Tenchi asked, "Do you want to talk about it?"
  Ryoko looked up at the sky. "I think maybe I should go too."
  Tenchi was startled. "But Ryoko I..."
  She looked at him. "The way you just let Aeka go like that Tenchi... would 
you do that for me? Even if I wanted to go back to piracy?"
  Tenchi looked at the water for a minute in silence. Then he said, "No."
  Ryoko's eyes bugged out of her head. "What!" She couldn't believe it. 
Tenchi was supposed to say 'Yes, if you wanted to go I wouldn't stop you, 
but I would want you to stay.' But 'No.'? This made no sense. "What do you 
mean 'no'? After all my fighting with Aeka and..." Her jaw clicked shut.
  Tenchi smiled. "So you know what Washu did huh?"
  Ryoko nodded and looked down. "Why do you think I was always after you in 
every world? I mean do you think any of the others would have allowed that?" 
She looked up at him. "So what did you mean 'no'?"
  Tenchi blushed, but managed to look her in the eyes. "I meant that I 
wouldn't just stand there and let you leave, even if you wanted to." He 
turned back to the lake. "I couldn't stop you Ryoko, but I wouldn't just let 
you go."
  "But... but you just let Aeka leave, just like you told me you left her on 
Jurai. You said you wouldn't make someone stay where they wouldn't want to 
be and wouldn't yourself."
  "That's right, I cared about Aeka enough to let her leave."
  "So you don't care about me that way?" Ryoko asked, tears falling from her 
eyes.
  Tenchi shook his head. "No, I don't." Ryoko started to disappear again. "I 
care about you more than that."
  Ryoko stared at him in shock, her see through image staying where it was. 
"But I thought..."
  "I do love Aeka like a sister Ryoko. It may seem selfish to you, but I 
haven't done anything for myself since you came here." He turned back to 
her. "I will never leave you Ryoko. I won't let you leave me behind. You 
would have to kill me. I love you Ryoko."
  Ryoko resolidified and threw her arms around his neck. "Oh Tenchi, I love 
you too! I'd never leave you either, even if you had let me go."
  Tenchi choked out, "Uh Ryoko, when I said you could kill me, I didn't mean 
right now."
  Ryoko noticed his face turning red. "Oh, I'm sorry." She looked at him 
suspiciously. "You aren't just saying this because this is a temporary 
universe are you?"
  Tenchi coughed a bit then looked at her sheepishly. "It helped."
  Ryoko smirked. "So when the universe returns to normal, do you plan on 
telling Aeka what you just said to me?"
  "Well I..." He began.

  "You what?" Aeka yelled. She grabbed Washu around the neck and shook her. 
"You made a whole different universe and now that we're back here Tenchi and 
Ryoko are in love? I will not allow it!"
  The others began sneaking out of the room. "Tenchi, you know that trip we 
were going to take?" Ryoko asked. He nodded. "I think now would be a good 
time for it."
  Kiyone nodded. "Agreed." They all ran outside.
  "Oh no you don't!" Aeka screamed, tossing Washu aside. "Get back here!"
  Tenchi and the others ran for it. Ryoko transformed Ryo-oki and they all 
sped off into space.
  Aeka quickly followed after them. Her face appeared on Ryo-oki's screen. 
"Give up now and I may go easy on you!"
  "Not a chance princess!" Ryoko yelled and pushed Ryo-oki to go faster.

The End

Author's note
  This story went by fast. I got the idea while watching that dimension 
tuner episode again. Not much time for a story, but having Tenchi refuse to 
step aside and let Ryoko go should be enough to give any hardcore fan a 
heart attack. While I won't pay your medical bills, if you are still capable 
of typing, email me and tell me what you thought at clayton_n@hotmail.com

