Goodnight sweet prince


Tenchi Muyo is copyrighted by AIC * Pioneer LDC

"Come to me boy and spill your foolish blood," beckoned Kagato.

A thousand thought ran through Tenchi's head. Had he not defeated
Kagato in their previous battle? How then was it that he managed to
stand less than ten meters from him? Tenchi was prepared to fight to
the death. His words rang in his head <I would rather die than forsake
any one of them>.

As if to answer Tenchi's question, Kagato began "You're probably
wondering how I escaped you sword? Simple really I teleported at the
last nanosecond leaving my shadow to die." Kagato couldn't help but
laugh at Tenchi's confused face. "Did you truly believe you could
defeat me? I have wiped out warriors ten times as strong as you. But
enough talk. Now you die." Continued Kagato coldly.

"I might have underestimated you before, but that mistake won't be
repeated," cursed Tenchi summoning the Light Hawk wings.

An evil smirk crossed Kagato's face as ten Tenchi-clones dressed in
full Jurain battle gear rose out of the floor of the Soja II. Tenchi
could do nothing but stare in awe. "Recall tasting my blade. Eh,
Tenchi," was all Kagato said as the first Tenchi-clone attacked.

Yosho's training had never seemed as precious as it did that second.

< How did these clones know how to fight like him? Clones were supposed
to just look like him in a way.  Did Kagato manage to produce an exact
replica? Training and all >

Having fought his way through three of the Tenchi-clones his heart sank
when he heard Kagato calling him. <What else could he throw at him? >

"I've got a surprise for you. Want to see it? Well I'll show it to you
anyway". Teased Kagato. Just then Kiyone, Mihoshi, Sasami, Washu,
Ayeka, Ryoko and Nobuyuki rose up from the ground. They were each bound
and gagged, unable to break free they looked to him for help. "Think
you can save them?"

Another Tenchi-clone cut down.

WHACK! Nobuyuki.

"Father!" cried Tenchi

Another.

WHACK! Mihoshi.

"AHHH! You sick bastard!" roared Tenchi still fight the Tenchi-clones

Another…. Kiyone.

Tenchi could not say anything but watch in horror as those he loved
were cut down as he drew nearer to Kagato. < Six down four to go. >

*Don't fight. You're going to lose another friend*

<I have to. He'll kill them all if I stop. >

*Are you so sure? He just wants revenge on you*

Another…. Sasami

"Why?!! They had nothing to do with this let them go," argued Tenchi
but to no avail.

Another of the Tenchi-clones down….. Washu!!
<No… please… why…>

*because you had to. You said he would still kill them if you hadn't
fought or would he.*

<No… I have to save her… have to tell her…>

*Tell her what? You love her and so let your entire family die to save
her. But can you save her?*

The pain rose so strongly now that he began to be blinded by the tears.
He had to wipe them but the Tenchi-clones were advancing. "Aghh!"
suddenly he was aware of a sharp pain down his left calf and his right
forearm. <No! get up fight it off. You must save her!> Not knowing
where else to pull energy from, Tenchi unconsciously summoned three
more light Hawk wings and attacked. In a blinding flash both
Tenchi-clones were down.

WHACK…Ayeka!!

WHACK…BLOCK

"No, not her!" Tenchi spoke as he pushed Kagato back.

"Ha! Ha! How truly heroic and idiotic. You could have struck me down if
only you had let her die," mocked a surprised Kagato. "Do you really
love such a worthless experiment such as her?"

"With all my heart" spoken Tenchi through clenched teeth.

"Well then I'll make you an offer. Drop your sword and I'll let her
live. Raise it and after I'm through with you, she'll be next. After
I've had my fun with her of course"

"You'll never have her!!" cried Tenchi. <Can I defeat him? I thought I
could last time and now look what happened.>

"Well lets get started shall we." Just as he finished speaking he threw
off his cape and attacked with ferocity Tenchi had never seen before.
The fight was over before it had begun. Kagato quickly sliced of
tenchi's right hand and elbowed him in the stomach, forcing him to his
knees. "Just as thought. Your nothing… Your pathetic. Did you even
try." Before tenchi could reply, Kagato kicked him in the face and
threw him toward the far wall. The last image tenchi saw as he fell
into oblivion was that of kagato  decapitating Ryoko.

"NOOOO!!" Tenchi screamed as he awoke. It was a nightmare. <Why did I
dream such an awful thing. He's been dead for two years. Or is he.>
After a momentary pause he realized Ryoko wasn't in his room. Still
distraught over his nightmare he ran out of his room to look for her.
<Ah man why have I waited so damn long to tell her.>  As he ran down
stairs he saw her asleep on the couch watching tv. He slowed his pace
as he crept near her. <Man! is she gorgeous or what> After he reached
her, he kneeled and just stared at her. He remained motionless, but yet
he managed to somehow wake her.

"Tenchi…what's wrong? Why are you staring at me like that." Ryoko said
still groggy from sleep.

"No reason. Nothings wrong. I just thought it would be nice to watch
you for once." Tenchi said with a smile on his face as he stared into
the golden eyes of his one true love.

"Okay now I now somethings wrong. 'fess up."

"Lets just say I'm tired"

"Well go back to bed"

"Not that kind of tired…I've realized something."

"What" She said a bit anxious.

"I have always loved you, but was too much of a coward to admit it. I
was afraid I wouldn't be what you wanted, and then you would leave me.
In remaining indecisive I could at least keep you close to me…but I
realize that was not the way."

"I Love you too, my tenchi" She said with tears in her eyes as she
pulled him toward her. They shared a passionate kiss of lovers that
have been separated for ages. Just as they parted, they sighed a sigh
of relief and were startled as Washu ran out of her lab. She searched
frantically and upon seeing Tenchi she spoke with fear in her voice
"He's back."