"Tenchi? Have you ever felt it?"

"Felt what?"

"The feeling in the pit of your stomach when she touches you?  The natural
high when you sense her presence around you?"

"I don't know, I don't know what I feel"

"When she is near you can you sense your soul is whole?  Can you feel her
pain? Can you feel her existence?"

"I'm not sure, how do I know?."

"Tenchi next time you are near her pay attention to the details, her smile,
her laugh, the depths of her eyes, and if you can see into her soul tell
her."

"Thank you Tsunami"

"Goodnight Tenchi, may you know happiness."


   "Good morning Tenchi"  Ryoko said hovering above Tenchi's bed.

"Good morning Ryoko" he said staring into her eyes.

"What? What are you looking at?" she giggled.

"I'm not sure." he stated still staring deeply into her golden eyes.

"What's that suppose to mean, huh?" she said with a big smile on her face.

"Did anyone ever tell you that you have a beautiful smile?" he said not
realizing exactly what he was saying.

"No, no one has ever told me that"  she stammered her eyes wide with
surprise.

"I'm surprised to hear you say that because you have such a beautiful smile,
do you know that Ryoko?" he said reaching up and tracing the line of her
jaw.

"Ten..Tenchi?" she said her voice cracking.

"Yes Ryoko?" he said still caress the side of her face.

"Do you know that I love you?" she said while a single tear rolled down her
cheek.

"I know you do Ryoko, I know."  he answered wiping the tear away from her
face.

"So why do you say such things when you know how much they will mean to me?"
she said while another tear streamed down her face.

"I say them now because I mean them and I want you to know hoe beautiful you
are." he said this time sitting up and kissing the tear off her face.

"Tenchi I know that you can't..." Ryoko never got to finish that sentence
because Tenchi had kissed her, a deep passionate kiss.  That kiss showed him
everything he needed to know.  That morning he had looked into the depths of
her eyes and he had seen her smile and had heard her giggle and he realized
he could never live without those things.  That morning he had gotten that
feeling in the pit of his stomach and he had received a natural high from
her being.  That morning he had felt her pain and he had felt her
existence.  That morning he had felt whole for the first time in his life.

"Thank you Tsunami, thank you for showing me"
