    She arose slowly, carefully dodging the sunlight streaming in through
the
window.  Many had asked her why there was that window; the only one
remaining
that had not been boarded up, or painted over.  They had all received the
same answer.  She missed the sunsets of her mortal lives.  So she sat back
and watched them through the window.  They were never the same, but they
were
always beautiful.  So much so, that she could not help but weep.
    But today she could not. Though it pained her to miss even a few minutes
of any one, she had made plans.  Important plans, she had met him.  After
waiting all this time trying not to become discouraged at the fact that it
had taken five hundred or so years.  That was all in the past now.  They
were
going out to dinner.  And all she hoped for is that he would remember her f
rom before, for he was still mortal.  She wished for him to be as she was,
to
know all in his past, as she did hers. The clock chimed four and it was time
to begin getting prepared.
    Now in front of her enormous wardrobe, she stood in her nightgown, long
and black as always, now becoming tattered rags from continuous use.  She
would have to get a new one soon.  She thought of her dream, and realized it
wasn t a dream at all, just a remembrance of what was.  Hell, what was she
going to wear?  She was always bad at making decisions.
    She quickly chose her favorite strapless gown.  She dressed quickly, not
wanting to be late.  She sat in front of the mirror for what seemed like
hours, braiding her long, satin black hair.  When she finished she pinned it
up in a bun.  She added her favorite blood red lipstick; it accentuated her
pale complexion quite well.  Now she would wait.
    She paced back and forth along the tile floor, listening to the click of
her heels with each step.  The clock struck five.  The sun would be setting
soon.  But she could not watch it for fear of being unprepared when he came.
She curiously peered out the window.  There she saw the purple, red, and
gold
streaks just beginning to creep their way across the cerulean sky.  Almost
unable to, she tore her eyes away from the sight.  The body of the servant
girl, her trusted companion Seariyah, had brought herself to her: last night
s feed.  Dead, her life s fluids that were left over draining onto the
luscious white carpet in the bedchamber.  Just another stain adding to the
story of her life, if one could call it as such.  The one thing that did
bother her was that the smell of fear still lingered in the air.
    She walked up to the body contemplating whether or not she should move
it
in case anything ended up progressing as the night went on.  But she soon
decided against it, if he were to accept her, he would have to take
everything that came along with what she was.  She could not even attempt to
say she was a  who  anymore.  She still had a soul, but nothing except for
the figure she took on, had any meaning of human life anymore.  She had
thrown in all away for him.  She promised him she would live for him.  Not
to
die for him.  While in all actuality she had done neither, she had waited
for
him.  Which was better than both.  She had the look of someone who was in
their early twenties, not something that was the age of 537.  She laughed
when people asked her how she had acquired so much knowledge of the past.
Its easy, she told them, you just have to live it.   For some unknown reason
this was humorous to those who asked.  While tears were streaming down their
faces and they were complaining about their sore cheeks, she would usually
slip out unnoticed.
    She stepped in front of the more, a quick check up although she knew she
looked flawless, as always.  Her pale skin was nearly translucent in the
candlelight. It was lighter it seemed, due to the deep red tone of her lips.
She looked at how the black corseted gown displayed her best assets and
flowed around her thin body eerily.  She sat there for a few moments, and
ran
to her jewelry case to pull out the ruby hairpins she had received for her
nineteenth birthday from him.  Why had she not thought of them before?  She
loved them dearly and wore them whenever she had made plans to do something
special.  She fixed the little roses around the bun so they were even, and
then stood back once more, silent.  She was strikingly beautiful for her
age,
and she could attract men and women alike.  None of them suit her, for they
were not the one she had been waiting for.  And now that he was here, that
wait would be over and they would embrace eternity together, as one.  Or so
she hoped, it was still to be shown to her whether or not he would be ready.
    The clock struck six and the chimes penetrated the silence.  She was
startled by the sudden sound and dropped her handbag, sending her vials of
blood in every direction but towards her.  She dropped to her knees and
began
to pick them up hoping none of them had broken.  She had retrieved all
thirteen of them, her lucky number, and replaced them in their holders when
she heard the doorbell ring.  He was here.
    She stood up and did a quick check in the mirror.  Human vanity she
supposed.  She looked fine, as always, no surprise.  She laughed aloud
nervously; living this long had supplied her with an amazingly large ego.
Normal, maybe and maybe not, but still it was there.
    She took careful steps descending the spiral staircase, holding up her
skirt in front of her in a sort of half curtsy.  She did not want to fall.
Walking down this set of stairs was never her specialty; she enjoyed sliding
down their banister much, much more.  But not tonight, tonight was supposed
to be a formal occasion.  She reached the bottom and shook the folds out of
her skirt.  She avoided looking into the mirror for fear that miraculously
something would be out of place.
    She used all her strength to pull back the heavy wooden door.  And then
all of the sudden, there he was.  He stood leaning on the corner of the
stone
entryway, a cigarette clasped between his fingers.  He was nervous; she didn
t even have to tell by the scent.  He, well he couldn t sit still.  he
looked
handsome in his black suit with a silk burgundy undershirt.  He looked so
familiar.  This was the man she loved.  Unmistakably.
    She stepped out and stood beside him.  She placed her hand in the crook
of his arm, and they walked down the drive together.  She reminisced about
old times to her self and asked him about the future.  She would wait no
longer, for tonight, he would be ready.

so what did you guys and gals think? please e-mail me and tell me!!!
