Tenchi and the six girls MST
Chapter 1



Graffito Tag-And here it is, an MST of this...thing.
AAA Phucknut-What's so bad about it?
Graffito Tag-You'll see.
Sir J-Woopdy shit, lets get started.


Disclaimer: I own none of the characters I use, unless it's Tornado, whom I made 
myself.

SJ-Out of steak and car parts.
GT-Who the hell is Tornado?
AAA-Zorro's horse, dummass.
GT-Oh yeah.

Otherwise, I want nobody claiming copyright infringement, cause I DON'T own 
these characters. REMEMBER, I DO NOT OWN THE CHARACTERS OF TENCHI MUYO, TENCHI 
UNIVERSE OR TENCHI IN TOKYO. NOR DO I OWN ANY OF THE CHARACTERS IN ANY OF THE 
TENCHI, FEATURE LENGTH FULL MOTION PICTURES!!!

AAA-I'm confused...so does the author OWN these characters or not?


Warning: This is a lemon fiction, which means it contains graphic sex and nudity 
scenes.

SJ-As well as other ingredients that prevent waxy buildup and keep your 
furniture smelling fresh.

Read on if you are 18 or older, or you are responsible for any damage caused to 
your mind a psyche.

AAA-PSYCHE!

Let me remind you, that this is rated NC-17, for those of you who don't know, it 
means

GT-Naked Chicks 17?
SJ-Nut Cream 17?
AAA-Nightmare Creatures 17?

No Children through 17.

All-Oh yeah...
AAA-Damn, I thought it was gonna be Nightmare Creatures this time..fuck!
SJ-It's never going to be Nightmare Creatures.

Well, be careful and don't abuse this lemon, good luck on your lemon reading and 
goodbye! 

GT-Just dont poke out an eye or something!

-Tornado Koushiro Masaki


Tenchi and the Six Girls
Chapter 1: Catching Sasami

SJ-An instructional video, produced by Steve Irwin
AAA-<Steve Irwin>-The wiley Sasami injects a powerful venom into her prey, so 
we'll have to be careful!

It was a bright, sunny day, Tenchi had finished his chores and it was getting a 
little late.

SJ-Resulting in a decrease in bright sunniness

He had gone down to the house and entered in his normal fashion, removing his 
shoes. Then, like always, he had gone up to his room. Unlike always, he found 
Sasami, her clothes strewn on the floor, looking at a dirty magazine, fingering

GT-A perp

herself. 

GT-Oh yeah...that makes sense, now that I think about it.

Tenchi immediately let out a deep blush.

AAA-<Tenchi>-BLUUUSSHHH!!

Those magazines had been hidden under his bed, for who knows how long.

SJ-Tenchi, I'd suppose.
AAA-Tenchi doesn't pay enough attention to his porno.

He looked on, as Sasami, who hadn't noticed him, moaned and came onto his bed. 
She grabbed his sheets as she came and let out someone's name under her breath.

GT-<Sasami>-...Rosebud...

"Mmmm... Tenchi..." She said a little louder. She laid back on his bed, and took 
in a deep breath. Her back had been towards him the whole time, so she had no 
way of knowing he was in the room.

AAA-Unless she had some sort of hearing ability.
GT-Yeah, he blushed the hell out of himself over there.

He stepped towards her as silently, and sat on the edge of the bed. 

"Tenchi?" Sasami sprang into a sitting position. She looked at him scared. "I 
didn't know you'd be home so soon."

"It's okay, Sasami, I saw it all."

SJ-Gee, that's comforting as hell.

Tenchi put his hand on her shoulder. "But, one thing, if you were looking at 
those magazines... are you lesbian Sasami?"

GT-That one's kinda easy...
SJ-Yeah, I wouldn't..
AAA-Of course she's not a lesbian, Tenchi only reads Playgirls..
SJ&GT-.....
AAA-What?


Sasami almost slapped Tenchi, then and there, but he touched his lips to hers. 
She moaned into his mouth, into the kiss, and he pulled away.

"Guess not, by the way you just took that kiss." Tenchi laughed, and slipped off 
his shirt.

"Yeah, I guess so."

GT-Now that's casual sex.
AAA-<Tenchi>-So..naked huh?  Well, we might as well fuck.
SJ-<Sasami>-Yep.
AAA-<Tenchi>-Hey, you -unh unh- catch that Athletics/Mets game last night?

Sasami put her hands to Tenchi's chest, letting her hands roam across his 
pectoral muscles.

GT-I think that action is called 'searching'

Tenchi brought his lips to hers again, lingering longer on her lips then the 
first time. Sasami drew his tongue into her mouth, and explored his mouth with 
her tongue.

AAA-Exploring huh?
GT-Indianna Tongue and the Temple of Doom.
SJ-I cant wait to see when Sasami's tongue gets chased by the boulder.

Tenchi unbuttoned his pants and pulled them off, showing his newly washed

GT-ass

boxers,

AAA-It's like Tenchi to have ass boxers.

courtesy of Sasami. He pinned her to the bed and lightly laid on her, making 
sure not to let his full body weight onto her body.

<God, Tenchi, I have him right where I want him.

SJ-<Sasami>-I'll just jam this icepick into his back and...

Tenchi, I've waited so long, I want you in me Tenchi....> Sasami thought. She 
licked near his ear, and then in return felt his dick against her bare thigh.

GT-<Tenchi>-Sasami, I noticed you licked my ear.  In return, here's a dick.

She hadn't noticed, but Tenchi had removed his boxers in the time she had 
thought about him. He was hot, and long, and the feeling went up into her inner 
thighs. She began to sweat, in anxiety, of having him so close to her.

SJ-Is she fucking Tenchi, or a bare wire?
GT-It seems as though it's impossible to tell.

He moved in and she stared at his manhood.

<He's about a good seven and a half inches...> Sasami thought.

AAA-Sasami must have those laser range finder eye implants, specially designed 
for dick measurement.
SJ-Does that mean that if I had those I'd know how tall the author of this fic 
was?

Tenchi moved closer then stopped, to knead her small breasts.

AAA-What does that mean?  Ryoko has huge boobs.
SJ-Uh..yeah, and Tenchi's fucking Sasami.
AAA-Yeah, but I'm "imagining" that it's Ryoko.
GT-I'm imagining Tenchi as a psychotic lawn gnome with a strapon bratwurst.
SJ-....why?
GT-It's less unpleasant that way.

She twitched with anxiety, and kissed his chest.

<Enough with this, Tenchi... fuck me> Sasami thought

SJ-thinking-This fic is way out of character and totally unbelievable!  
GT-thinking-This is gay..I wonder what's on tv?   Hey, Smurfs...cool.
AAA-thinking-What the hell DID ever happen to the other two Cinnamon Toast 
Crunch chefs?

at the same time Tenchi placed the tip of his cock into her slit.  She let out a 
small gasp and then looked up at him when he stopped.

"Tenchi? What's wrong?" She looked up at him with her pink eyes.

GT-Watch out!  It's Gargamel!
SJ-Hey, pay attention!

"This is gonna hurt, Sasami, but be strong." Tenchi refered to her virgin 
barrier, which she still had, only looking like a small child. "I'm gonna break 
through your hymen... okay? Be strong Sasami."

GT-How strong does he want her to be?
SJ-Yeah.  Does he want to fuck Sasami or a bodybuilder?
AAA-I think we all know the answer to THAT question.

"Okay." Sasami responded quickly as she winced. She could feel her barrier 
break, and Tenchi's manhood reaching deeper into her cunt. She also felt herself 
bleed for about five seconds, as he broke her barrier, but it soon stopped. She 
moaned as he went into her all he could on his first thrust.

GT-Did he break some sort of..barrier just now?
AAA-I think he might have.

"You're so tight Sasami, it'll take a few tries to get into you completely."

SJ-He's giving her a lecture too.
GT-Educational.
AAA-<Tenchi>-Now Sasami, you may be noticing an increase in blood pressure.  
This is to be expected.  Also, the levels of lactic acid in your body...

Tenchi explained, passion entwined in his voice. He flashed her a smile and slid 
his erectness out of her slowly.

GT-Shouldn't that probably be 'erection'?
SJ-Yeah, he slid out his descriptive word.

"No! Tenchi! Don't come out!" Sasami panicked, thinking Tenchi was going to 
totally come out of her cunt. She latched her hands onto his waist, pulling him 
back into her, slowly. Tenchi took this as an invite, and slid himself deeper 
into her then before, his hands grazing across the little hair she had located 
above her inner petals. She let out a deep moan, and grabbed his pushed his 
waist away, then back to her.

GT-You know, they're just following instructions to 'da dip'.
ERROR: JOKE HAS TIMED OUT
GT-SHIT!
AAA-Try to control/alt/delete it.

He picked up his pace, after finally getting into her all the way. He began to 
not care about how she felt, and started to slam into her pussy time after time, 
like an animal.

SJ-Tenchi slams into her pussy, much like George 'the animal' Steele slams his 
opponent to the mat.
GT-Yeah!  Give her the clothesline!
AAA-Uh...I think you're getting off track, man...

She screamed and moaned loudly, gasping every now and then for air. He felt good 
inside her, the pressure of an orgasm rose

SJ-And shot Tenchi through the wall.

as her juices trickled down her legs and into Tenchi's blanket, which she 
grasped tightly in her hands.

GT-Sasami juices, fresh squeezed from the finest Sasami.
AAA-I prefer mine from concentrate.

"T-Tenchi... I'm gonna come..." Sasami told him quietly, her voice shaky. He 
pounded into her relentlessly, giving her pussy no mercy.

GT-<Tenchi>-Mwahaahahaha!  Take that pussy!  *smack smack*
AAA-<Pussy>-Stop it!  You monster!

"Yeah, I can feel myself almost there to." Tenchi answered, as he bent low and 
passed his tongue over her breasts, taking one of her nipples into his mouth.

<This is it... m-my first climax...>

AAA-Since the beginning of the fic.
SJ-Yeah, except for that other one...
 
Sasami thrusted back against Tenchi, whom thrusted harder, deeper, and faster, 
hoping to make her come soon. She let out a deep moan, from within her chest, 
and came.

"TENCHI! OH GOD! TENCHI!"

AAA-<Sasami>-DID YOU ACTIVATE OUR AMERITRADE ACCOUNT?

Sasami came, more of her fluids dripping onto the blanket. She wrapped her legs 
around his waist and her nails dug into his shoulder as she became lost in her 
pleasure.

"God! SASAMI!" Tenchi went over the edge. Her orgasm made him come.

GT-That made the bed come, then the wall saw that and it started to come...

He shot his hot load deep into her depths,

SJ-That's usually where something goes when it's deep...

still thrusting into her. He licked his lips, lost in the orgasm as Sasami had 
been.

SJ-If they had taken a flashlight, maybe they wouldn't BE lost in all those 
orgasms.

It had been his first with a real girl,

GT-As opposed to a Barbie doll.

as he couldn't have avoided getting off before, not with six women after him in 
his own home. Tenchi let out the last of his seed into her, only to find some 
seeping out of her opening, onto her legs, onto his bed.

AAA-He decided not to let any go to waste and started scooping it back in.
GT&SJ- o.O?
AAA-Again, what's the problem?

He looked up at her, she moaned again.

"Mmmmm, Tenchi!" She felt herself coming again, succombing to his thrusting. 

"TENCHI!" She grabbed the sheets, the pleasure so great, her juices gushed out 
of her. Her girl cum seeping into Tenchi's bed, and splashing the hair around 
his cock. Tenchi grabbed her waist, and pulled himself out of her, slowly. 
Sasami passed out from the pleasure, a smile on her face.

AAA-She would have to be the fuckin Joker to be smiling after that.

Tenchi smiled and wrapped her in his arms. With difficulty, with her in his 
arms, he pulled the blanket off of his bed and set her down on it, gently. Then 
he pulled the blanket back on the bed, covering her.

<Looks like I'll have to avoid that spot.... where our cum soaked in....>

GT-Yeah, if someone comes into his room and sees a sweaty, naked eight year old, 
AND a wet blanket, they might suspect something.

Tenchi thought, being careful not to place that part of the blanket onto 
Sasami's little, naked body. He opened the door, looking for someone in the 
hallway. Nobody in site,

SJ-<Tenchi>-Well, nobody's visiting the website, I wonder if anyone is in the 
hall...

he grabbed a towel from the closet a little down the hall, wrapped it around 
himself and returned to the room. He opened a drawer and grabbed some of his 
"home" clothes,

AAA-What the fuck are 'home' clothes?
GT-Probably meant his homo clothes.

and closed the door. 

<I'll take a light bath, and then come back to her.> He planned in his mind.

SJ-I don't think a 'light bath' would help much.
AAA-<Tenchi>-Damn heat lamps!  All they do is dry the cum onto me!

<Simple, enough, he'd go in, come out, he and Sasami would eat dinner that she 
made for everyone, and then they would come back here... a perfect plan.>

SJ-Perfect...except that its what he would have done anyway...
AAA-Does Tenchi have to plan everything?
GT-<Tenchi>-First I'll go to the bathroom and remove my dick from my 
pants...then I'll aim it at the toilet bowl, release the urine from my bladder, 
then I can reinsert my dick back into my pants!  It's the perfect plan.

He stepped into the hall, and before he could close the door, his father, 
Nobuyuki was upon him.

AAA-<Noboyuki>-Oh son, I hope you saved some juicy shit for me!
GT-*shudder* that's definately unpleasant...

"Why are you going to the bath in a towel son? You usually change there. Do you 
have one of those women in there, Tenchi?" His father poked questions at him 
left and right.

SJ-More poking, I see.
GT-<Noboyuki>-Hey son, is that a boner under that towel? Huh Huh?  Fucked any 
good children today?

"No, I've just decided to walk there with my towel on instead, to save time from 
changing when I get there." Tenchi quickly made up an excuse, sounding dumb as 
he paused a little before he answered.

AAA-The answer was fine, it was the PAUSE that made him sound dumb.
GT-My ass.

"Hmmm, are you hding something Tenchi? Like maybe.... " His father

SJ-ripped off his towel.
AAA-<Noboyuki>-Ah ha!  You DO have a penis!

pushed open the door.

"Sasami... I would've never guessed you would have gotten together with Sasami 
first. Congratulations on your first time Tenchi! I'm so proud of you!"

AAA-<Noboyuki>-Another crime for your long list of sexual offences!  Good job 
son!

His perverted father slapped him on the back, throwing him forward. Tenchi 
almost dropped the towel, but luckily hung onto it.

"Dad, don't tell any of the girls, okay? I don't need them moping around or 
trying to kill Sasami.... okay?" Tenchi put faith into his father.

SJ-I'd like to say that was his first mistake...

"Sure, I won't but I'll be very one very estatic father, Tenchi!" A huge smile 
over took Nobiyuki's face,

GT-Then it took over France, and used it as a base for its blitzkrieg attack.
AAA-Sieg Smile!

it was a wonder his glasses stayed on his face.

"Thanks, Dad. I owe you one." Tenchi disappeared down the hall, a load off of 
his mind.

SJ-So that's where Tenchi's load came from.
GT-....that was low dude.
SJ-Well, that was because....fuck you.


Author's Notes: 
There will be many chapters in this fiction, so check back to see them.
My first lemon! Hope it's good!
Sasami and Tenchi first, next I think I'll have Tenchi and Ryoko! 

AAA-Yaay!


GT-So how about that fic huh?
AAA-It was uh...
SJ-Yeah...
AAA-I'm just kinda wondering what Tenchi's gonna do with all the children he's 
gonna end up with.
GT-He'll probably start a baseball team, like that Casey guy from the poem...



CREDITS

DIRECTED BY: GRAFFITO TAG

MSTED BY:Graffito Tag, Sir J, AAA Phucknut 
OFFICIALLY MSTED BY-GRAFFITO TAG

DEVELOPED BY: Joel Hodgeson, Best Brains Corp.

GUEST CAMEO: Norm McDonald (Keep looking, I'm sure you'll find it..heh heh)

KEY GRIP-Joe Hansonballs

BEST BOY-That one guy...


THE END


