Tenchi and the six girls MST
Chapter 3




Graffito Tag-Back again for even more MST freakiness.
SIR J-Will it never end?
GT-No.
AAA Phucknut-Too bad.  OH NO, WE'VE GOT FANFIC SIGN!
GT-Quiet dude, this isn't one of those kinda fics, and you know it.
AAA-Well then, lets just get down to business.




Disclaimer: I don't own any Tenchi Muyo, Universe, or In Tokyo characters. DON'T 
SUE ME!

SJ-*writes up legal documents*

Warning: This fic is rated NC-17, only those over 18 should read this, remember, 
I am not responsible for damage to your psyche.

GT-I doubt these fics could cause permanent psychological damage.
AAA-Are you SURE?
GT-...no...

This fic will be rated about PG-13 after this chapter, as there will be no more 
random pairs.

SJ-SHIT!
GT-Dammit, that takes all the fun out of it!
AAA-*Punches Sir J*
SJ-Damn!  What was that for?
AAA-Sorry, Im just so fuckin mad!

A letter to readers: If you actually read this far, I apologize for the Sasami 
and Tenchi part. It made alot of people call me bad things, which I didn't like, 
and I am sorry if it offends you or anyone. I am truly sorry, and this is why 
I'm writing this apology.

GT-That makes sense.
 
Sorry- Tornado Koushiro Masaki

Tenchi and the Six Girls
Chapter 3: Awakening

GT-waking up-Holy shit!  Slugworth works for Willy Wonka!

Tenchi licked the Juraian princess' lips.

AAA-Whoa!  Gettin right into it eh?

He passed his tongue into her mouth, exploring it.

AAA-Oh..mouth.
GT-Why does Tenchi have to explore every mouth he sees?
SJ-<Tenchi>-Hello, Arabian Tiger.  Say, can I explore your mouth?

Ayeka let out a low moan into his mouth, and Tenchi felt it, and raised his 
hands to her waist. Ayeka responded to his movement, and move her hands around 
his neck, continuing to play her tongue against his.

AAA-Tenchi's tongue goes to the hoop, OOOHH but its rejected!
SJ-Damn, I bet all my money on the Knicks!

Ayeka made the first move, she pulled the bow on her dress, making the folds of 
it fall, touching the floor. Tenchi felt the fabric touch against his baggy 
jeans and ran one of his hands through her violet hair. Ayeka looked up at 
Tenchi, her eyes filled with tears.

SJ-<Ayeka>-What the fuck is wrong with me?  Why would I ever want this loser?
GT-<Tenchi>-Ayeka, I'm standing right here!

"Tenchi, I know I'm not your first... but, this makes me feel so special." Ayeka 
spoke gently, and Tenchi watched her lips form every word. He smiled, and she 
shed a tear. It ran down her face, and Tenchi lowered his face to her's again. 
But this time, he didn't kiss her, he licked up her tear, tasting the salt on 
his tongue.

AAA-Wait, I've found a pattern!  

FIC STARTS
Tenchi moves his hands to her waist, places them there, they explore each others 
mouth for a while, liquid comes from somewhere, and Tenchi licks it up.
GT-Yep..thats how it's been so far.

He licked near her ear and heard her giggle.

SJ-Damn, Tenchi is hearing things from Ayeka's ear.

She smiled and her tears spilled down her face, smoothly, flowing like a stream. 
She hugged Tenchi, and he hugged her back. They embraced until Ayeka went into 
Tenchi's closet.

AAA-There's only enough room for Tenchi in the closet!
GT-And maybe Kiyone.
AAA-Oh yeah.

"What the hell are you doing? Getting off?" Tenchi joked. He laughed until Ayeka 
came out of the closet

GT-And had gotten off.

in a tight, leather one piece bathing suit type thing.

SJ-Wow, one of those things!

His jaw dropped.

AAA-the soap

"No.... getting ready for torture....."

GT-<Tenchi>-We're going to listen to the Backstreet Boys?

She tossed Tenchi a whip, and pulled some chains out of his closet.

"Oh, I was keeping those in there for the next time Grandpa wanted some fun- 
er.... time to cope with his dick, while being hit on his ass......"

GT-You would expect him to say the incriminating thing first then try to cover 
it up, but the author has switched it up on us.
SJ-Thats why I love these fics so DAMN much.
AAA-<Tenchi>-I have fun with grandpa..I mean, I fuck him..I mean, right in the 
ass.

Tenchi caught the whip, and cracked it in the air. Ayeka giggled and closed her 
eyes.

"I gotta idea..." Tenchi opened a drawer pulled out some pills, and slipped one 
into Ayeka's mouth. "Swallow."

Ayeka gulped, and soon fell to the ground unconsious.

AAA-<Tenchi>-Haha, I can't believe the dumb bitch actually did it!

~*~ Hours later ~*~

Ayeka awoke, and shook her head. She succeeded in finally getting fully awake, 
then looked around. It was pitch black.

"Tenchi?" She hastily looked around for him. Then tried to put her hands out in 
front of her, but couldn't move them. Chains clanged next to her ears. She 
struggled, but to no avail. Tenchi had chained her to the wall.

SJ-Bum bum buummmm

"Ayeka, good girl, you woke up." Tenchi's voice was low. "About time, it's 1 
AM."

GT-I'm confused..why did Tenchi drug her?  She was just about to fuck him 
anyway.
SJ-The harder you think, the worse it gets.
AAA-Yeah, so stop thinking.

"Tenchi, I can't see you, where are you?" Ayeka let out a cry as the whip 
cracked next to her. "Tenchi, are you going to..." She couldn't finish her 
sentence, as the whip connected to the back of her thighs. She cried out, but 
not in pain, in pleasure. He cracked the whip again, but against her ass.  She 
cried out again, in pleasure.

AAA-Then she paid her taxes..in pleasure, and took a shit..in pleasure.

"This is fun... " Ayeka panted after a few minutes of whipping.

"You love this whip, huh?" Tenchi slammed the whip against her ass another time, 
then threw it to the floor.

GT-<Tenchi>-Im bored with this.  Lets have spagetti-o's.

He moved in and her feet only.

AAA-Then he ran up and...the face with his dick.

"Unlock my arms, Lord Tenchi." She giggled as she said it, and Tenchi saw the 
other, wilder side to Ayeka.

GT-What's so wild about wanting your arms unlocked?
AAA-For Ayeka ANYTHING nonsexual is wild.
SJ-<Ayeka>-Lord Tenchi, lets...NOT FUCK!
GT-<Tenchi>-Your so damn kinky!

"No." Tenchi simply said, and unzipped the leather suit from her chest, down 
over her mound,

GT-I guess almond joy does have nuts, but...
AAA-If you finish that, I'll kill you.
GT-....

and unzipped from her back to the other zipper. Then he quickly undressed, 
throwing his clothes, any and everywhere, without a care.

SJ-He saw her pubic hair, then took a flight to Bel Air, and found his balls 
there.
GT-Poetry sucks.

He pushed his erection to her opening then watch her squirm.

"Plz, Tenchi...."

AAA-<Ayeka>-Plz Tenchi, I Dont w4n7 U to Phuck M3!

She pleaded with him. She didn't want to have sex like this. But Tenchi forced 
her. "Rape...." She let out in a low voice.

"But, you like it... and you're okay with it, so... it's still rape..."

GT-That won't hold up in any court.
AAA-I'm still trying to figure out what Tenchi was arguing about.
SJ-I think he was saying that even though it's consentual that it's still rape.
AAA-Yeah, that sounds like a Tenchi argument.

Tenchi laughed as she slipped one leg around his waist, giving him a view of her 
inner petals.

GT-Odd, considering its still pitch black in the room.
AAA-<Ayeka>-Tenchi, I'm trying to show you my 'inner petals'!"
SJ-<Tenchi>-Where the fuck are you?  *Clunk*  OUCH!  Shit!
AAA-<Ayeka>-Why don't you turn on a damn light?

He smiled, she seemed to be the only girl so far that hadn't just accepted him, 
but had wanted to play with him.

"Tenchi... I have a spare key in my hair... somewhere..." She bluffed, but 
Tenchi couldn't see through it. He stupidly decided to unlock her. Ayeka 
laughed. "It was a bluff!"

GT-<Tenchi>-Hahaha! Oh, Ayeka, we have fun with sex dont we?
AAA-Why the hell would Tenchi unlock her?  Wouldn't he have just tried to take 
her key away?
SJ-Youre thinking again!
AAA-Oops!

"Yeah, but we can have more fun this way." He sat on the bed and she sat on his 
lap, his hard-on pressed against her anus, it throbbed with pain.

GT-*Floomp*
SJ-What hurts?  His dick or her ass?
AAA-The bed, obviously!

"Ayeka, you're squashing my dick!"

She got up then moved so she couldn't sit on it, and sat.

AAA-Kind of like how I just opened my mouth to say something, then I did.
SJ-But actually..you didn't!
AAA-Hold on, you're freakin me out!

She reached her hand down, and jerk him off. Tenchi gasped at the

GT-Ripping sound he heard from his crotch.

amazing knowledge she had of how to go about doing this, and wondered how she 
knew.

"Ayeka? 

SJ-<Tenchi>-What's 'the clap'?

How do you know?" Tenchi gasped again as he realized he was about to come.

"On Jurai, they have sex with their family to keep the bloodline going as far as 
possible. My father taught me." 

GT-Maybe that explains why Tenchi is retarded.
AAA-One of these days that planet's gonna incest itself out of existance.

She stroked his cock in such a way, he came and splurted his cream onto her 
stomach. Ayeka whipped the hot cream

SJ-Lemons...whipped cream...juices...I get it!  It's a cooking show now!
AAA-<Ayeka as Emerill>-I refuse to kick it up a notch!

off of her stomach with her hand, making it sticky, and then whipped that hand 
onto the bed. 

"That was, okay." Tenchi said, leaving out all the parts of how good she had 
made him feel. Ayeka smiled, knowing he was leaving out a mass of details.

"I know you left out so many details,

SJ-<Ayeka>-as was stated previously.

 but it doesn't matter to me. All I want is you." Ayeka smiled and her head left 
Tenchi's view as she slid lower on him.

SJ-What, does she need to floss or something?
GT-Huh..Oh, I get it.  You were making a humorous comment about Tenchi's lack of 
testosterone based genital growth during puberty.
SJ-...yeah, but it's no good if you say it like that.

<WAIT! Ayeka wouldn't do this...

AAA-Do what?  She hasn't actually done anything yet.
GT-Yeah, she could have just been bending down to tie a shoe.
SJ-Or clean up the carpet a little...


is it a dream?> Tenchi's awakened from his dream sweating. His chest heaved up 
and down.

AAA-<Tenchi>-Dad, I just had a weird dream where I had sex with girls!
SJ-<Noboyuki>-Don't worry, Tenchi.  That could never happen.  Now roll over here 
and give me some lovin!

"Just a dream, I knew it..." Tenchi's hoped it was a dream, not just with Ayeka, 
but with Sasami and Ryoko to. He got up and walked up to his window, then opened 
the curtains. He saw Tsunami, not Sasami in the yard, talking to Ayeka.

GT-Wait a minute...it might have been a dream, but Tenchi still admitted that he 
fucked his Grandpa!  Here, let me bring it up...

::"Oh, I was keeping those in there for the next time Grandpa wanted some fun- 
er.... time to cope with his dick, while being hit on his ass......"::

SJ-I'm not surprised, but still horrified.
AAA-Tenchi's gonna need a bigger closet to hide all this shit.

<Tsunami? When did that happen?> Tenchi dressed quickly and ran down the stairs.

"Tenchi!" Ryoko teleported in next to him when he exited the door. She hugged 
him. "Hey, Tenchi, choose me over that Ayeka."

Tenchi smiled. It had all been a dream, a wet dream,

GT-Thank you fic, for even more information I could have lived without.

but a dream none the less. He sighed and jogged over to Ayeka and Tsunami.

"Hello, Lord Tenchi, Sasami, I mean, Tsunami 

SJ-Who in the FUCK is she talking to?
GT-If she doesn't know, why should you?

has something to tell you." Ayeka greeted Tenchi warmly, with a smile.

"Tenchi, Lord Tenchi, last night, in a dream, I dreamt of myself and Tsunami 
assimilating

AAA-<Tsunami>-First she moved her hands to my waist and explored my mouth 
then...wait, I'll just write it up in a fanfic for you...

... and when I awoke... I was Tsunami." Tsunami's voice was deeper than 
Sasami's, making Tenchi believe she had actually assimilated.

GT-The fact that she's Tsunami wasn't proof enough I guess.

"Do not be alarmed Tenchi, but I must leave for planet Jurai soon, to my father, 
and show him my true form." A tear rolled down her cheek, and she sniffled.

SJ-<Tenchi>-If it bothers you that much, you could just email him a picture or 
something.

She wasn't as grown up as she looked. She got up and walked into the house 
crying, as Ryoko teleported in, hovering a good 20 feet in the air.

"Tenchi... " She called down. Tenchi looked up and Ayeka did also.

GT-Hey, if I poured Kikoman teriyaki on this fic, would it turn into a juicy 
steak dinner?
SJ-What the hell are you talking about?
GT-I dont know..my mind was wandering.

"I have something to ask both of you." Tenchi looked serious so both of them 
kept quiet. "Did I have sex with either of you in the last day?"

AAA-<Ryoko>-What's sex?
GT-<Tenchi>-NOOOOOOO!

"Tenchi, I only wish!" Ryoko said. "But why would you ask that?"

"Tenchi, is something that matter?"

SJ-<Tenchi>-Oh, THAT matter...No, nothing that matter.

Ayeka stood from where she had been sitting.

"I had a dream that I had sex with both of you, Sasami, but I knew you weren't 
that easy."

SJ-What's this author on?
AAA-Whatever it is, its got a long lasting effect.
GT-and leaves your breath smelling minty fresh.

Tenchi confessed. A smile formed on Ayeka and Ryoko's lips. They didn't fight 
for once.

"So, Tenchi, you know you will have to do more than just try and have us? Now 
don't you?" 

GT-<Tenchi>-Hell no!  Fuck me now bitches!
SJ-<Ryoko>-Okay!

Both girls said. Tenchi nodded, and they went into the house.

Author's Notes:

I know it got a little crazy,

SJ-It still hasn't stopped!
GT-Im scared!

but I got tired of writing the lemon and making all the girls seem easy. So 
instead, I'm going to bring in a villian, so they can all fight.

GT-Now dammit, how am I supposed to MST that?
AAA-It's not my problem.

What did you think of this one? Plz, R&R!

Oh yeah, it might still be rated NC-17, but not for sex. But for blood, gore, 
violence and language. Hmm... sex would seem to fight right in there..... but 
it's not gonna!

SJ-He just keeps rubbing it in!
AAA-It's not a real lemon series until Azaka and Kamidake fuck, or Ayeka rapes 
Sasami!
GT-Yeah, I dont think Tornado here has any future in lemon writing.
AAA-Its almost a shame.

THE END...or is it?

GT-I dont know.
AAA-Stop MSTing, man.  The fic's over.
GT-Oh...
