Tenchi and the six girls MST
Chapter 2




AAA Phucknut-What the hell?
Sir J-Whats goin on?
AAA-I was playin Tribes 2, and the next thing I know, I'm 
sitting...where the fuck is this anyway?
Graffito Tag-Dont ask questions or I'll have to make up some kinda stupid story!
AAA&SJ-GRAFFITO TAG!
GT-Yeah...whats the problem?
SJ-It just seemed like the right reaction...
GT-Whatever, lets just get to MSTing.


Disclaimer: Yet again, I don not own any of the Tenchi Muyo! characters.

SJ-Don Notz is in this fic?
GT-<Don Notz>-We got to nip it in the bud, Andy!

I do not own any of the Tenchi Universe, nor any of the chracters in Tenchi In 
Tokyo. I also don't own the characters of any of the Tenchi movies or spinoff 
movies.

AAA-Oh, I had forgotten that he wasn't a multinational corporation for a minute.
SJ-Dont worry, its a simple mistake.

Warning: This fiction is rated NC-17, meaning it contains graphic sex scenes and 
harsh language at times.

GT-Yes..harsh.
AAA-I know 'fuck' could be considered harsh, but what about 'me'?

Be forewarned that only people older than 18 should read this, and if they are 
mature.

SJ-Well, lets get out of here.

I am not responsible for any damage to your psyche if your under 18 and read 
this. -Tornado Koushiro Masaki


Tenchi and the Six Girls
Chapter 2: Hot bath and hot girl

AAA-Iteresting title.
GT-Not as interesting as 'Cunnilingus, the barbarian!'
SJ-True.


Tenchi quickly ran into the bathing room to avoid further questions from his 
father. He past by the changing room, not bothering to stop, as he was already 
in a towel. He swept into the bathing room,

GT-I cant stand so much damn sweeping!  They sweep EVERYTHING!  
SJ-Crazy Japanese customs...

and submerged himself, waist deep, into the hot water. He sighed, feeling 
relaxed. He let himself soak, after his recent encounter with Sasami and didn't 
notice when a certain, silver green haired, demon girl, walked in front of him.

AAA-Fucking Sasami must have caused him to go blind.
SJ-Nah, just everyone who read the fic.

Ryoko, in the nude, grabbed Tenchi around the neck.

"Ahh! Ryoko!" Tenchi let out a yelp 

SJ-<Tenchi>-EEEEK!

as he opened his eyes from there relaxed state. Ryoko hugged him tight, and he 
could feel her breasts against his sweat covered chest, as he had been sweating 
from the heat of the water.

AAA-And lets not forget the acid trip Tenchi's on.
GT-It's a psychobilly freakout!

"Mmm, Tenchi, choose me, leave that mean Ayeka in the dust."

GT-<Tenchi>-Dont worry Ryoko, she'll never beat me around dead mans curve!

Ryoko said happily, noticing they where alone the room. Sweat dropped from the 
tip of her nose, hit Tenchi's cheek and 

SJ-Broke his jaw

ran down his face. He shuddered,

AAA-Tenchi always shudders when a hot naked chick is around.

then shifted his body weight so Ryoko fell from her hugging position into the 
water.

"ACK! Tenchi!" Ryoko's voice trailed off as she hit the water, went under and 
came back up spitting water from her mouth.

GT-This techniqe is called 'ironic foreshadowing'.
AAA-How do you mean?
GT-Lets just say that's not the only thing she's gonna spit out.

She hugged against Tenchi until he put his left hand onto her shoulder, at which 
she looked up at his action.

"What, Tenchi?" She let go of him, not expecting the look he gave her. She fell 
deep into his brown eyes, seeing what he wanted to do with her.

SJ-Is Tenchi watching a porno behind Ryoko?

She leaned in closer to him, and then stopped, quivering.

GT-Did she stop quivering?
AAA-No, she stopped, quivering.  Meaning she just started.
GT-Freaky.

"Nothing, Ryoko, I want you, for now I just want you." Tenchi touched his lips 
to her quivering ones, and then Ryoko pulled back suddenly.

"Really? You just want me, Tenchi?" She looked happy, almost crying.

SJ-This is confusing, is she happy or what?
GT-It says so...but I'm not to sure.
AAA-<Ryoko>-Tenchi, you JUST want me?  You stupid prick!  I'm so happy!

She hugged him and slipped her lips to his again. He slid his tongue into her 
mouth, hearing her moan into his lips. She replied with the same, she slid her 
tongue into his mouth in return, exploring him.

GT-Is everyone making mouth maps or something?
SJ-They're searching for the lost Nazi gold!

Tenchi rose his hands to her waist, placed them there, then continued to kiss 
her. She wrapped her arms around his neck, slowly taking his tongue deeper into 
her mouth from where it had been, at her lips.

SJ-Ryoko's mouth, now with 12 amps of sucking power!
GT-Wow, that's the most you can legally get!
AAA-And I bet it'll come in handy later too, heh heh.

She claimed his tongue for her's mate.

GT-Watch closely as Tenchi's tongue does a complex ritual to attract Ryoko's 
tongue.
SJ-Isn't nature amazing?

Their tongues wrestled until Ryoko pulled the loose knot on Tenchi's towel, 
making it float away, absorbing hot water. 

AAA-Oh, towels don't absorb water until they're removed!
SJ-I've always wondered about that.  *takes out a list and marks off 'towels'*

"Do you wanna do this, Ryoko?" Tenchi used her name again, as he spoke to her.

SJ-What does he usually call her?
AAA-Ayeka...that pisses her off pretty bad too.

In response, she lowered her hand to his erection, sliding her hand up, down, 
and over it, feeling every part.

GT-Something doesn't seem right about that sentance...
SJ-I know!  It says 'erection'!
AAA-Of course!  It should be erectness.  What was the author thinking?

Tenchi let out a slight moan, and kissed her neck. She leaned her head back and 
pressed herself onto him, then brought her head forward, and gave him a 
passionate kiss. He lifted her out of the water, and brought them both to the 
tile outside of it.

GT-You'd be surprised at how many people forget to write that part in.
SJ-They just have them fuck under water?
GT-Yep.  By the end, they'd probably be dead.

Tenchi placed her lightly onto the tile, and descended upon her, planting a kiss 
on her lips.

GT-Now that it's planted, he'll have to fertalize it.
SJ-Dont worry, he will.

Their hips grinded together, Ryoko feeling his cock against the hair she had 
above her sex organ.

AAA-I wonder if Ryoko's organ is as big as Kagato's..
SJ-I dont know, it was pretty big.
GT-Yeah, it filled up the whole room, and he could play it pretty good too.

She smiled and motioned her head downwards, giving Tenchi a signal to begin as 
she spread her legs. He took the invite seriously,

SJ-No shit.
AAA-<Ryoko>-Tenchi, I want you to fuck me right now!
SJ-<Tenchi>-I think I should take that statement seriously...

and slid himself to the opening of her clit. She was already wet,

GT-Maybe the bathwater has something to do with that.

and thrusted her hips up unto his manhood.  Tenchi slid himself deep inside of 
her.

"Mmmm, yes, Tenchi." Ryoko caught Tenchi's motions quick and began to move with 
him, her breasts beginning to bounce lightly against her chest. Tenchi lowered 
his head, and began to suckle on one of her breasts, which he predicted as being 
the biggest of all the girls.

AAA-He can see into boobfuture.
SJ-<Tenchi>-I predict that Kiyone will get implants, and Mihoshi's implants will 
mysteriously disappear.

He switched to the other breast and clinched her nipple in his teeth gently, 
feeling it become erect on his tongue.

GT-Thats not the only thing Tenchi's felt get erect in his mouth.
SJ-That goes without saying.

She gasped and moaned, then reached a hand up to keep his head on her chest. 
Tenchi began to thrust into her harder, and she moaned louder, obviously 
enjoying it.

"God, Tenchi, I'm gonna come..." She screamed and she thrust back against him 
harder, trying to force herself over the edge. Tenchi pushed himself to the max,

SJ-With all this going over the edge and to the max, I dont know if I'm reading 
a Tenchi fic or the transcript to 'Over the Top'.
GT-According to my notes, its still Tenchi.
AAA-Are you actually taking notes?
GT-Hell no.

feeling her juices dripping from her cunt. He pumped in and out as hard, deep, 
and fast as he could muster. He felt Ryoko buck under him, coming.

AAA-Who the hell is Ryoko Buck?
SJ-Thats that dude John Candy played.

"YES! TENCHI!" She clutched onto his shoulders, as Sasami had done. Her girl cum 
slipped from her pussy, and Tenchi moaned loudly as he came.

"Ryoko! Oh, yes!" He latched his hands to her waist, shooting his life seed deep 
into her

GT-Life seed?  Oh yeah, he's Juraian or whatever.

watching her scream. A little of his own cum slipped onto the tile, but he payed 
no attention to it, just finished fucking Ryoko with a few light thrusts.

"Mmm, Tenchi." Ryoko finally escaped her pleasure. She got up and slid herself 
back, pulling Tenchi from deep inside her. Then she got in to a sitting 
position, pushed Tenchi onto his back, and straddled his waist.

SJ-Try the new Pilsbury Toaster Straddle.
AAA-Huhuhu..straddle.

"Ryoko? What are you doing? Um, Ryo-- Mmmmm...." Tenchi moaned as Ryoko sucked 
his cock into her mouth.

GT-Freaky, considering she was sitting on it just a minute ago.

She came up and licked all of his sperm from his manhood, bringing Tenchi close 
to another orgasm. She then sucked on him again, but this time, she went slowly, 
torturing him.

SJ-<Tenchi>-Ryoko, you're sucking my cock!  NOOOOOO!

He reached down and grabbed her head, then forced her down on him. She moaned 
onto his dick as she deepthroated him,

SJ-Haven't they cleared up Watergate yet?
AAA-<Richard Nixon>-I am not a dick!

flicking her tongue across his tip. Tenchi bit his lip, almost coming into her 
mouth.

"Ryoko, I'm gonna..." Tenchi warned her. Ryoko came up and whispered to him.

"I know, just go ahead."

GT-<Tenchi>-Too late.

She went back down, licked his tip, then slid down on him. He let out a low 
moan, just as she began to deepthroat him again. He let out a final grunt, and 
came deep into her throat. His cum hit the back of her throat and slid down, 
Ryoko swallowing most of it.

AAA-And choked on the rest.

The little that escaped her trickled down Tenchi's erection, as she came up then 
used her tongue to lap it up. All the while Tenchi came down from his orgasm and 
smiled. She smiled back, having entirely pleased him, him and his cock to be 
exact.

AAA-<Tenchi's Cock>-Thank you, Ryoko.  I am quite pleased.

She gave one final lick across the tip of his hardness,

GT-There it is!
AAA-I knew Tornado wouldn't let us down.

sending him into yet, another orgasm. He released his seed onto her face and 
hair, moaning.

SJ-<Ryoko>-Well, now I'm blind.  Thanks a lot, Tenchi!

"Mmmm... Ryoko, yes!" He saw as his cum trickled down her face, down the grooves 
of her neck, and onto her breasts. He smiled and she knew what he was thinking.

"If you wanna taste yourself on me, go ahead, but I have to warn you, Tenchi, 
it's salty!"

AAA-<Tenchi>-Oh I knew THAT already, Ryoko. Tee hee.
SJ-Whats more disturbing?  That Tenchi was thinking that, or that Ryoko knew he 
was?

Ryoko laughed. Tenchi pulled her up to him, so her tits were at easier access to 
him and lowered his head.

"Don't be afraid Tenchi! I won't bite or anything." Ryoko said and laughed, as 
Tenchi licked her nipple.

"It's a little late to say that, isn't it?" Tenchi went on, biting on that 
nipple, gently, the licking all the cum from that breast. He moved on slowly, 
letting his tongue linger between her breasts for a bit, then bring himself to 
her next breast, the one he hadn't treated yet.

GT-So he's buying them drinks now?

She moaned and he sucked on each inch of her tit, cleaning the cum off and 
swallowing it. 

"You're doing a really great job."

SJ-Thats because he's had practice.

Ryoko smiled and ran her hands through his short, black hair, then played with 
his short rattail.

AAA-Didn't she just finish playing with..oh, it's still talking about his hair.

He finished off her tit by sucking on her nipple like a baby, then played his 
tongue over it forcefully. She gasped as he withdrew then blew on one of her 
nipples, a cold, deep breath. Then he pinched the other and passed his warm palm 
over it. He kissed her then got up, winked, then walked into the changing room.

SJ-That was unexpected.
GT-<Tenchi>-Oh damn, no time to suck your boobs now, Ryoko, I'm late for an 
appointment!

"God, Tenchi... don't leave!" Ryoko followed him into the mens' section, but he 
stopped her.

"Hey, it's the MENS' section here, ya know. I don't just walk into the womens' 
section do I?" Tenchi argued.

GT-Yeah, they just fucked, now Tenchi wants some privacy.

"But, ya know Tenchi, we all wish you would..." Ryoko gave him a new found 
reason to unexpectingly walk in before everyone took a bath.

EVERYONE-Huh?
SJ-Unexpectingly?


He laughed at the comment, then pushed her out of the door. He pulled on the 
clothes he had brought with him. His "home" clothes were his regular street 
clothes, the ones he had worn when he had been hanging out with Sakuya.

AAA-So that's what they were.
SJ-Well, atleast now the mystery is solved.  *takes out a list, marks off 'home 
clothes'*
GT-Hey, give me that!  *grabs list, sets it on fire*
SJ-...asshole.

He knew some of the girls wouldn't like it, namely Ayeka and Ryoko, but he 
didn't care at the moment. He was still high from fucking Ryoko as he left the 
room,

GT-The hell?
SJ-I guess that means that Ryoko is a Columbian or something.
AAA-<Tenchi>-Whoa!  Thats some good fuck, man!

into the hall, as his father yet again, bombarded him with questions.

"So... Tenchi? Get any in the bath?" His perverted father first shot this 
question out to Tenchi.

"Yeah, happy Dad?" Tenchi foolishly spilled the beans to his father, the effects 
of the post-fuck high.

EVERYONE-Hahahaha!

"Really? With Ryoko, huh? I saw her mighty happy as she left the bath!" Nobiyuki 
slapped Tenchi on the back, HARD!

GT-<Tenchi>-No, dad, Im not.  I just finished fucking remember?

"WHOA!" Tenchi stumbled forward, but was caught by Ayeka, who smiled at him. Her 
smile being all to kind, Tenchi had an immediate hard on, as he realized his 
face was just above her bossom.

AAA-Is Tenchi addicted to viagra now?
SJ-Yes...that and fucking.

He inhaled through his nose deeply, and smelled a faint Juraian perfume on her, 
probably made of the Juraian Royal Teardrop Flower.


"Are you okay, Lord Tenchi?" She asked sweetly. Her gentle voice appealed to 
him, and he forgot his father was watching them for a second.

<God... I want to fuck her so badly right now...> Tenchi told himself. He came 
back to reality as his father clicked his tongue and walked away, leaving him 
alone in Ayeka's arms.

SJ-Wait..so Tenchi won't even think about fucking anyone if Noboyuki's around?
AAA-Well, you can never be to careful around that guy.

<I want Lord Tenchi, right now, and yet, it is possible because he is a 
descendant of Jurai's royal family, as am I. But he is getting heavy and I fear 
of dropping him to the floor, enraging him.> Ayeka's thoughts flooded her mind.

GT-And this whole damn fanfic.
SJ-<Ayeka thinking>-And then, with it being Tuesday and Alf comes on UPN at 
3...uh...FINAL ANSWER!

Tenchi brought himself standing again and started to walk away.

<This will have to wait...> He thought.

"Tenchi... I have a favor to ask. I can't find Sasami anywhere,

AAA-<Ayeka>-So will you fuck me instead?

can you help me find her?" Ayeka thought up an excuse to be with him longer, 
rather quickly. Tenchi nodded and led her up the stairs. He opened his bedroom 
door and Sasami exited fully dressed, smiling and humming.

Ayeka then stepped in, Tenchi followed. Ayeka took control, closing the door and 
beginning to kiss him.

Authors' Notes: 

Wanna see the rest?

GT-Uh..
SJ-Not really.
AAA-Yes...wait...I mean, no.

Tune into the next chapter of Tenchi and the Six Girls, which will be up 
luckily, later this week.

Looks like Ayeka is going for Tenchi next! Whoo hoo! I'm doing great for my 
first fic!

I'm happy I had a Ryoko and Tenchi part, it really fit in well!

AAA-We'd have to ask Ryoko about that. heh heh

Please R&R!

GT-Rest and Relax.
SJ-Reading Rainbow.
AAA-Nightol helps you get your Z's.


 
