Disclaimer: I own none of the characters from Tenchi Muyo, Sailor Moon, Dbz,

Rayearth, or Slayers. Nor is the plot idea mine (I got it from a children's
book I read when I was a kid) so no one sue me okay?

Authors Note: As I said, I got the idea for this from a children's book and
I
have no clue what the title was. If you know, could you tell me? Thanks.
Enjoy and as always, e-mail me your comment

The Hakubi Trio of Witches
By Ryoko-Himesama

Something terrible was about to happen in the little village of Anime.
Ayeka,
Rumia, Rumiya, Mihoushi, Kione, Tsunami, and Tenchi stood on the sidelines
as
Pixy Misa and Pretty Sammy did battle. A little ways off, the humanoid
Ryo-ohki watched also.  Suddenly, from the sky three forms swooped down.
"Look!" cried Mihoushi, "It's a bird! It's a plane! It's Super-" ::CRASH!:
"It's only those three crazy Hakubi witches that live in that old mansion!"
screamed Kione.
(Author: RRIIGGHHTT.......Anyway . . .)
The witches swooped down.  The first witch, a redhead who looked 12 named
Washu, grabbed Pixy Misa around the waist and took off with her.  The second

witch, a cyan haired girl with yellow eyes named Ryoko, flew off with
Ryo-ohki.  The last witch, also cyan haired with yellow eyes and named
Minagi, grabbed Pretty Sammy.  The crowd of people below just stared, then
ran screaming for all they were worth.
        Time and time again this happened.  Soon no girls walked the streets

for they were either in hiding among the missing.  From Sailor Moon Street,
Rini, Diana, Hotaru, and Melissa vanished.  From DBZ lane, Marron and Pan
vanished.  From Rayearth Avenue, Hikaru was kidnapped.  From Tenchi
Boulevard, Mirei, Mayuka, Yugi, and Azagi vanished.  They even went so far
as
to uncover the hiding place of Princess Amelia from Slayers Court.  Of
course, the found the infamous Lina Inverse that same day and got a fireball

in the face for trying to take her with the other "Little Girls."  They
quickly returned her.
        Finally, the good people of Anime decided to do something.  (
Actually, Lina threatend to fireball them if they didn't help her punish the

witches) So, a group of angry and brave (stupid?) villagers walked up the
mountain to the Hakubi Mansion.  They searched every room for any girls or
witches they could find.  Finally, they opened the tiny closet door at the
base of the stairs and stared in shock.  For there, were all three witches
and all the missing children.
        The place they were in looked like a big meadow.  Washu could be
seen near a batch of flowers, giving a group of kids( Mirei, Marron, Misa,
Diana, Hotaru, Yugi, and Azagi) a science talk (several of these kids had
large objects on their heads).  Minagi was listening to Amelia talk justice
and Rini (or Minimoon) and Sasami (or Pretty Sammy) give their speeches.
 The
rest of kids stood in a line to wait their turn for a flight, curtisy of
Ryoko.  It was currently Mayuka'a turn.
        The stunned adults just stood there with their jaws hanging down and

sweatdrops on their face.
        "And here we were worried about them." said Kione.
        Lina reached out and closed the door.
        "Anyone else hungry?" she asked.
        "I am!" said Serena, Goku, Gohan, Gohan, and Mihoushi at once.  The
said people ( plus Kione who was dragged by Mihoushi) followed Lina as she
raced to the nearest restaurant.  Those that remained sweatdropped.
"I guess they'll be okay." said Bulma. "But we'd better hurry after those
guys before they cause some damage."
         The rest of the group considered this and were gone a moment later,

leaving a puff of smoke behind them.  The activities continued in the
"closet" with all the children and witches unaware of what had taken place.
