	In composing my Fanfics, I scatter a number of
experimental story fragments among my notes. This is a
glimpse of the OVA Ryoko, designed to play with just how
alien it might be possible for her to be, within the
framework of the OVA character, which would necessarily be
left off of AIC's story-boards.  Even the freedom of OVA
production is forced to draw back from the obvious extremity
of Ryoko's condition, in order to keep her sympathetic.
(Well, they didn't even exploit obvious elements like all
the girls' unfamiliarity with our toilet fixtures, heh, heh. 
Though they did show, in OVA 8, that OVA Washu's idea of
bath modesty is to cover her shoulders and upper arms, B-)
	Ryoko had lived with the original Ryo-ohki for over
five thousand years.  In her prolonged and humiliating
childhood under Kagato, Ryo-ohki had been her only friend,
her only companion.  In their moments of flight, moments of
freedom, Ryoko had actually lived within her Ryo-ohki,
sharing all things.
	When the original Ryo-ohki died, did she understand her
death?  Did she understand that her regeneration would
result in a new creature, a new consciousness?  That her
mistress would be left ignorant and alone with an innocent
Ryo-ohki that could not comprehend?  That the new Ryo-ohki
would have a new bond, a new imprint as child rather than
companion?
	Part of Tenchi's dilemma with the girls is that he
isn't sure how human anyone is, even himself.
	Hmm, I wonder how much of the feline Washu put into her
perfect child? (hint, there is an "official" art drawing of
Ryoko as a cat-girl, at the beach with Sasami and the
humanoid Ryo-ohki)

                   HATCHLING
	Ryoko sat on the couch, spinning her yarns about the
egg; impressing little Sasami-hime.  Soon, the egg would
hatch, then everyone would know the truth.  For now it was
pleasing that Aeka seemed so utterly naïve as to believe
that she could lay an egg. That the Princess would believe
that Tenchi could be the father was astounding beyond
reason.  
	Ryoko saw her chance, leaping off the couch she sidled
up to Tenchi and handed him her egg, proclaiming his
paternity, the proof of their posited intimacy.  It was
puzzling, the boy seemed excessively confused, displaying
none of the telepathic, empathic insight that she knew was
his potential.  The heated cracking and hissing of the
hatching egg, so full of Ryo-ohki's life, should have clued
him in: At least she thought so, ignorant that some of her
nurturing instincts had been grafted from other species by
the dispassionate Washu, for her creation's survival.  He
flung that precious life away from him, to the floor.
	With a cry of dismay, she intercepted the hatching egg. 
Pieces of egg-shell fell away from the struggling, sticky
wet hatchling Ryo-ohki. A sigh of relief escaped her lips as
she sat on the floor flicking the remaining bits of shell
away.  Then instinct took over, and she began licking the
birth-fluids from her precious hatchling.
	A five minute tableau of stunned silence ensued, broken
only by the soft crackle of tongue on sticky fur.  Tenchi
and Aeka allowed the minutes to slip away in queasy
fascination.  Sasami accepted the scene with the natural
curiosity of a child.  Having finished the cleaning of her
hatchling Ryo-ohki, the young woman began purring like a
giant kitten, as she stroked and cuddled her precious one. 
Suddenly she paused in her purring and looked up at the two
rather green-gilled young humans who were still staring in
disbelief.  "Doshite?"

Text Copyright 1998, Gregory W. Matteson, <matteson@jps.net>
Characters Copyright and/or Trademark AIC and Pioneer LDCA.