Helping with love

Notes:

This story takes place after all of the OVA episodes are done.  This is just
a continuation.  Anyone is allowed to take parts of my story without having
to e-mail me about it.  Please e-mail me if you have any comments.
Otherwise, enjoy!



Disclaimer: The characters in this story are owned by AIC and Pioneer
Animation. Only Mayumi and her spaceship is my character. I do not mean to
cause any kind of trouble so please don't sue me. I want people to just
enjoy my story. The OVA series is also owned by AIC and Pioneer Animation.



            A mysterious figure rose out of the ground. It howl menacingly,
I will have revenge on the boy with the lighthawk sword and his pathetic
group!" with his eyes gazing at his past defeat. Around the same time a girl
in a frozen chamber awoke saying, The crowned heir is in trouble and I must
protect her."

It was a clear night. Tenchi looked out at the stars. Then a dark figure
diverted his attention. It was a young girl gazing at him.

"Are you lost? he asked. The girl would not respond. All she did was stare
at him.  He asked if she would like to come in and she nodded. He let the
girl stay for the night. Before she went off to sleep she mumbled to him,
Good night."

The next morning he introduced her to his friends. Afterward, she replied to
their hellos, I am Mayumi." She spent a lot of time with Ayeka and Ayeka
enjoyed her company. Soon after she introduced herself, Ryoko began to tease
Ayeka about Mayumi.  She taunted," Mayumi is following you around so much
it's like we have two snobby princesses."   Mayumi was angered because she
did not like being taunted so Mayumi held out her palm so that it faced
Ryoko and fired a large ball of energy at Ryoko. At the last second Ryoko
pulled away amazed that a little girl could have that much power. Ryoko the
said, Your pretty good," and vanished.  Later on Ayeka asked Mayumi, "Who
are you really?" The girl replied, I am Jurian. I was the heir to the throne
of Jurai about three generations ago, but my jealous brother imprisoned me
in a freeze chamber where I floated in space for thousands of years."One day
she found Tenchi harvesting carrots and asked him, "Who do you love Ayeka or
Ryoko?" He blushed a bit because the question was so personal, but he
eventually responded, "I don't know." The girl had a small grin on her
face.  She then said, "When you find your true love come and tell me," and
with that walked away, and afterward left Tenchi thinking about the two
candidates until he went to sleep that night.

It had been a few weeks since the girl came. Then what she heard earlier
came true. The man Kagato returned to get his revenge on Tenchi and the
others. "You tried to destroyed me and now I am back to destroy all of you!"
screeched Kagato. He began to shoot out angry blasts of energy. Sasami and
Mihoshi yelled in fear and hid in a corner of the house. Tenchi quickly
summoned the Lighthawk sword and with Ryoko went off to fight. Washu was
recovering from an accident that Mihoshi caused a few days ago. Tenchi tried
his best to fight Kagato but it seems that he was stronger than before and
he couldn't summon the armor that he had last time. Boom! A shot hit Ryoko
in the stomach. She soon fainted because of the loss of blood and fell to
the ground. Tenchi couldn't get to her because of Kagato's attacks. Ayeka
tried her best to make sure that none of the blasts harmed Sasami and
Mihoshi. Then boom! A shot hit Tenchi in the arm and he fell to his knees in
pain. Ayeka began to run over to him when another shot was zoomed at an
incredible speed at Tenchi. There was no time to think about it. Ayeka
jumped in and took the shot head on. Next thing she knew she was in so much
pain she felt like she could die. Tenchi was surprised when Ayeka fell into
his lap after the shot. He never thought that she would ever do something
like that for him. Kagato laughed because she had sacrificed herself.  In
the distance Mayumi's anger built up because of the blast.  She released it
in a great rage of light. Soon she had on a Jurain kimono instead of earth
clothes. The sleeves were a light pink that were triangular shaped. When it
got to her hands it was down to her feet. the rest of her outfit was made
out of pastel colors too. The end of her kimono was trailing behind her
because it was very long though the kimono fit her perfectly. She quickly
aimed her own attack and fired. He laughed at her and tried to deflect it.
Instead it electrified him and knocked him out. She summoned her spaceship
named Tenchi (go figure) and took the frozen chamber from her ship. She then
encased Kagato and locked him in there. Meanwhile Tenchi was begging Ayeka
to hold on. Mayumi knelt by Ayeka and transferred some energy into her.
Ayeka slowly opened her eyes and stared into Tenchi s soft, worried brown
eyes saying, "I'm glad your safe Lord Tenchi."

Everyone who was hurt during the battle was recovering.  Meanwhile, what
Ayeka did left Tenchi  thinking do I love Ayeka or Ryoko?    He thought
about how Ayeka had just saved him from the attack and about how Ryoko
always seemed to be there for him.  Tenchi then made his decision and got
up. He slipped into their room and she looked at him saying,"What is wrong
Lord Tenchi?" He walked up to the purple haired Jurain and kissed her right
on the lips. She blushed a very dark Crimson on her cheeks.  He told her, "I
love you because you are a kind, caring, and a very brave person. Mayumi
stood at the doorway while the couple kissed and said happily, "Another
wonderful couple."








