"Author's note:Since we are MSTing a Tenchi fic and the Tenchi cast are
MSTing The:
sign are the MST characters.

In the very distant future where demons run amok,
There was a man, Tenchi Masaki, who was a real shmuck.
Forced to read fics by doctor clay,
Who has a stupid beard that's really gay,
So he threw his curlers in a purse, and persued him in a
Rocket across the universe.
I'll send him crappy fanfics,
The worst I can find
"la la la"
He'll have to sit and read them all to torture his puny mind
"la la la"
Keep in mind he can't control when the fics will be sent
He'll try to keep his sanity with the help of his horny friends
Stalker roll call!!
Ryoko:Hey babe
Washu:I'm a genius
Ayeka:TENCHI
LBJ:I want root beer!
Sasami:Sammy Davis what?
Ryo-ohki:MEOWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
If you are wondering how they eat or breathe, or other science facts,
Repeat to yourself it's just a fic and you really should relax,
For Tenchi-Muyo theater 4000
TTTTTTTTTTWWWWWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGG
(Inside Starship-Ryo-Oki)

::Tenchi wakes up inside a chamber within the ship. He had fallen asleep
with a copy of
volume 2 of "The Dream of the Red Chamber" on his face.::
Tenchi:Gee, guess I must have taken longer with this book than I thought.
::Suddenly Washu walks in.::
Washu:Hey, Tenchi, you got to hear about my new-
::Tenchi suddenly jumps up and looks really pissed::
Tenchi:WASHU! No more inventions! Arrgh! Give us a break already!
Washu:I was just going to tell you about my new sweater. Here, look.
::Washu holds up a maroonish sweater::
Washu:Well? What do you think?
Tenchi:Um. . . .are you really going to wear that?
Washu:Of course I am, what else would I do with it?
Tenchi:Well, hahah (sweatdrops)
::Suddenly Sasami runs in screaming::
Sasami:Run!
Tenchi & Washu:Huh?
::Lyndon Johnson enters the room, chasing after Sasami::
LBJ:Hey, you, little girl! You didn't ask for my autograph! Ah, forget about
it anyway.
Tenchi:Huh! What's going on here! WASHUUUU!!!
Washu:Hey, what did I do?
Tenchi:Sorry, it's a habit.
::Ryoko enters::
Ryoko:Sorry, Tenchi, I borrowed the dragonballs and tried to wish you a big
Johnson, but
instead I got some guy named Lyndon B. Johnson.
Tenchi:Oh. Well, what are we supposed to do with him now?
LBJ:Hey, fuzzy haired fellah, you want my autograph? I used to be president,
you know.
Tenchi:President of what?
LBJ:President of the button factory.
Tenchi:Really?
LBJ:OF COURSE NOT YOU FOOL!
Tenchi:Oh. Um, whatever guy.
::Just then a light flashes::
Washu:We're being called by Clay.
::A screen appears with Clay on it::
LBJ:Woah, what the hell is wrong with that fellah's head?
Washu:So many things. . .
Clay:I got sick of reading these things before I send you them, so think of
this as a grab
bag. I hope it sucks. Later. What the fuck is LBJ doing there?
Washu:Um, he's a mistake.
Clay:Oh. Well, you should probably fix that. Bye.
::Clay disappears::
Ryoko:We have fanfiction sign!
::In the chaos, LBJ, Tenchi and Ryoko go into the theatre::

Legal Stuff I do not own any characters of trademarks of Tenchi Muyo or any
part of it.
So don't sue me anybody! Thank you.

LBJ:Who are you people, by the way? What's going on here?
Tenchi:Um, just go with the flow, man.
Ryoko:And try not to start any unwinable wars while you're at it.
LBJ:Hey! Ixnay on the ietnamvay!

Enjoy Setting: The day after Sakuya sees Tenchi and Ryoko together int he
park and
Ugi sheads a single tear because of this, if you have seen the episode you
will understand. Tenchi stares at the ceiling quietly, he looks over at the
pictures he and
Ryoko took and sighs thinking about the night he had spent with Ryoko and
how Sakuya had reacted to this.

LBJ:So this guy can't pick between two girls? Um, why doesn't he just do
what I do?
Ryoko:What's that?
LBJ:Fool around with anyone you want! I was giving it to five of my eight
secretaries at
one point!
Tenchi:Thanks for sharing.

Tenchi mentally kicking himself for not
remembering about Sakuya, how much he would love to hold her, and just be
with her. Tenchi drifts off to sleep thinking of

her...............................................RRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNGGGGGG!!!
!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Ryoko:As if phones ring anymore in this day and age.
Tenchi:Yeah, they all buzz or beep or something messed up like that.
LBJ:McNamera would be happy. You should have seen that kid jump whenever a
phone
rang.

Tenchi jumps at the should of the phone, he looks over at the clock and
wonders who in the fuck is calling him at 4:30 in the morning?!! He answers
grogily, "uuuuhhhh Hello?" "Tenchi this is Sakuya can you come to my house
right now?" "Uh sure, I'll be there in about 15 minutes?" Tenchi hangs up
thinking what
the ................???!!? I wonder what she wants? Tenchi gets dressed and
heads out to Sakuya's. Its winter, and cold as hell(I know its not really
winter with my stroy, thanks), the whole way over to her house he is still
thinking what she wants, when he finally gets there.

Ryoko:Heading out there at 4:30 in the morning?
Tenchi:I must have been really feeling bad about this.
LBJ:Or really horny, boy!
Tenchi:Um. . . maybe a little.
Ryoko:Talk about misdirected energy. Sakuya isn't even real!
Tenchi:Um. .. let's not go there. Please?
Ryoko:Ok.
LBJ:When do we get to the luvin in this here fic?
Ryoko:When do you shut up?
LBJ:Hey, you summoned me, gal, so this is your doing I guess. You know how
the word
Johnson ended up meaning a guy's little friend?
Ryoko:Let me guess. You.
LBJ:Right-a-roni!
Ryoko:Nevermind. God, why does all this weird stuff keep happening to us?
God:I don't know. And call me by my last name.
Ryoko:Where did you come from? And what's your last name?
God:I'm everywhere silly. And my last name is zilla.
Ryoko:Ok.
LBJ:Hi god, just hanging out with some folks here.
God:You aren't really LBJ, you're just a cross between Austin Powers and
Foghorn
Leghorn.
LBJ:Well, you aren't really God, you're just some silly thing that is here
so that that stupid
zilla joke could work.
God:Well, touché.

She is standing out on
the balcony. "Tenchi, come up here pease." Tenchi abides and goes up, he
gets a full
glimpse of her from behind in her robe, and feels his member stiffin he
tries to hide it hehind his coat. He goes up to Sakuya, "What did you want
with me?"

Ryoko:Member?
Tenchi:We've already been over this member crap. Member of what, exactly?
LBJ:They should call it by the proper word! JOHNSON!
Ryoko:Settle down there, pal.
LBJ:Ok.

I want to say that I am going to quit chasing you Tenchi and trying to get
you for myself, I see that you already have a love. Tenchi feeling like
someone has just stabbed him through the heat. From somewhere he got this
sudden
courage, Tenchi grabs Sakuya be the
shoulders and goes into a deep long hard passionate kiss which seems like an
eternity to both of the, their tounges intertwine with each outer as they
explore each other's mouths. They break from the kiss, Sakuya starts to
speak,
"OOOOhhhh Tenchi

Ryoko:Boo! Boo! (throws popcorn at the screen)
LBJ:Here we go! Yeah baby this is finally getting good!
Tenchi:Where the hell did that come from?
Ryoko:You're horny, remember?
Tenchi:Yeah sometimes like everyone else, but since when do I do anything
about it?
Especially without any warning or even asking if it's ok?
Ryoko:This is fanfiction, usually by people who know nothing about how this
really
works, remember? This is the literary equivalent to a letter to penthouse,
for crying out
loud.
Tenchi:Oh.
LBJ:Hey! I sent plenty of letters to Penthouse and they were all true
stories!
Ryoko:You must be so proud.
LBJ:I am.

I........" But is only silenced by Tenchi's finger pressed gently against
her lips. "Sakuya, I love you, I have longed to tough you and hold you,
since the
first day we met int he middle of the square, and until today I have loved
you, and have longed for you like something was missing, like, like." "Like
a part of your soul", Sakuya finished. Exactly! Tears fled from Sakuya's
eyes down here cheeks, "Tenchi, I have waited for you to say those words to
me since I met you.

Ryoko:Bah! (throws tons of random stuff at the screen, including the 1990
New York Yankees Yearbook and a
sega megadrive)
Tenchi:Wow, you really hate this stuff, don't you?
Ryoko:You noticed?

The pair kisses and Tenchi and Sakuya slowly lay down on the floor and
Tenchi slides his hand down and opens Sakuya's robe and cups her small, yet
well formed breasts, tugging and carressing the nipples he sticks one nipple
in his mouth and sucks gently, Sakuya moans in pleasure. Tenchi takes due
time to give each nipple proper attention. He then slowly slides his hand
and slides his hand underneath her little cotton panties, and feels the lips
of her pussy. Tenchi can feel her reaction to the touch, Sakuya shivers in
extasy.
"Tenchi, please, I want you in me now!" "Yes, my goddess." Tenchi inches her
little panties off with his teeth.

LBJ:Oh my god, this is so damn hot.
Ryoko:Well, I'd prefer if it was me, but I guess compared to some of the
love scenes we've
had to get through this is ok.
Tenchi:You wish it was you doing Sakuya?
Ryoko:No stupid, that it was me and you!
Tenchi:Oh, yeah, you and Sakuya is a different fic altogether!
Ryoko:Um, are you smoking crack?
Tenchi:No, really, I've done some research. I think there's a fic out there
that has Azaka
hooking up with Amagasaki.
Ryoko:I guess we'll be seeing that one soon then.

Then moves to the bra and struggles just
a bit with the snap but it eventually gave way. Tenchi now over the
completely naked
Sakuya marveled at her beatiful body, a
cold breeze came from the winter night and Tenchi sees Sakuya's discomfort,
she shivers, "This is no place for our first", Tenchi says picking up Sakuya
and taking her to the bed in his arms Sakuya rests her head upon Tenchi's
strong chest. Tenchi lays Sakuya down on the bed and goes under the warm
blanket on
her
bed, Sakuya gets on top of Tenchi, now its my turn to undress
you,(allthough he only has a pair of silk boxers on), Tenchi with an almost
painful ahrd on can't wait until she gets it out. Sakuya takes off his
boxers and stops for a minute and gasps and Tenchi's
size!!!!!!!!!!! "Tenchi, your so, so, big!"

Ryoko:He isn't that big.
Tenchi:Whaaat!!! You've seen my. . . um. . . .little Tenchi?
LBJ:IT'S A JOHNSON DAMMIT!
Tenchi:Oh shut up already!
Ryoko:Who hasn't? There are a billion girls on the show who are hot for you,
what do you
expect?
::Ayeka sticks her head into the theatre::
Ayeka:I HAVEN'T SEEN IT!!!!
Ryoko:It's true, Ayeka. Everybody's seen him- EXCEPT APPARENTLY YOU!!!!!!
Tenchi:WHAT?!?RRRRYYYYYYOOOOOOKKKKOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!
Ryoko:Sorry, but we just can't help ourselves!
Ayeka:I COULD!
Ryoko:Bet you're sorry about that now.
Ayeka:YES I AM!
Tenchi:By the way, Ayeka, this is Lyndon Johnson, president of, um,
something.
LBJ:Howdy.
Ayeka:Um, hello. (sweatdrops)

Tenchi blushes. Sakuya takes
Tenchi's hard cock and rubs the head around her lips, teasing him. "Oh
you naughty little girl." She then puts his cock in her pussy and pushes
down. Sakuya cries in pain, tears come from her eyes. Tenchi wipes away the
tears. "There will be nothing but pleasure now, I promise." Sakuya starts
moving up and
down on Tenchi's rod and all the pain turns to
pleasure and she starts moving faster and faster, Tenchi grips Sakuya's hips
and grinds his cock in her. Tenchi thinks to himself how tight she is,
Sakuya groans in please. Tenchi pumps harder and neither of them can take it
anymore and they both cum at the same time. OOOOOOOOHHHH
TENCHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!! SAKUYAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They both lay there
motionless only the rising and falling of their chests, Sakuya rests her
head on Tenchi's chest and they hold each other. "I love you, "Sakuya, and I
love you too, Tenchi my love. They stare out the window watching the snow
fall and drift
off to
sleep.......................................... Hey, this is Krackhead420
hope you enjoyed my little
lemon and give me some
feedback, ideas, improvements. Peaceout for now and look for me Sequal
"Wrath of Ryoko"

Tenchi:Good thing that's over. I gotta go.
LBJ:Me too. Seeya (poofs away to nothingness).
Ryoko:At least we got rid of Mr. "I invented penises" over there.
Tenchi:Ha ha, yeah. Excuse me for a second.
::Tenchi leaves to go to the bathroom. When he gets there he has a
surprise::
Tenchi:Holy crap, it worked after all!
::Ryoko phases through the wall::
Tenchi:Wha!?! RYOKO!!!!!
Ryoko:Hm, so it did. (awkward silence) Um, sorry. (leaves)
Tenchi:Hey, wait a second, there's no toiletpaper in here! Come back! Ryoko!
Anybody? Arrgh!

This fic was written by Krackhead420,it is not my property,so please,no
flames.

MST comments by Hellknight

StingerClip:Sakuya shivers in extasy. "Tenchi, please, I want you in me
now!" "Yes, my
goddess." Tenchi inches her little panties off with his teeth

THE END!


