My first MST.  Not much else to say about it, except Rainbow Bright got a
credit mention only because a fic by that author, "Ayeka is Stupid" was
mentioned in the MST.

I give most credit,to sailor cancer/neesh and Rainbow Bright.Enjoy.

Author's note:Since we are MSTing a Tenchi fic and the Tenchi cast are
MSTing,The <> sighns are the actual
fic.The MSTing of the characters will end in a : Thank you.

In the very distant future where demons run amok,
There was a man,Tenchi Masaki,who was a real shmuck.
Forced to read fics by docter clay,
Who has a stupid beard that's really gay,
So he threw his curlers in a purse,and persued him in a
Rocket across the universe.
I'll send him crappy fanfics,
The worst I can find
"la la la"
He'll have to sit and read them to torture his puny mind
"la la la"
Keep in mind he can't control when the fics will be sent
He'll try to keep his sanity with the help of his horny friends
Stalker roll call!!!
Ryoko:Whatever
Washu:I'm a genius
Ayeka:TENCHI
Sasami:I'm so cute
Ryo-ohki:MEOWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
If you are wondering how they eat or breathe, or other science facts,
Repeat to yourself it's just a fic and you really should relax,
For Tenchi-Muyo theater4000
TTTTTTTTTTWWWWWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGG
(Inside Spaceship-Ryo-Oki)
::Washu is in her lab,when Sasami asks "what are you doing?"::

Sasami:What are you doing?
Washu:Something that will make us all very,very happy.
Washu:I'm cloning Tenchi,now we all can have one!
Sasami:Washu,cloning is wrong,now when will you be finished?
Washu:In about an hour.
Ryoko:Hey guys,captain stupid is calling us again,by the way Sasami,whats
that
thing on your forehead,is that where the modchip goes in?
Sasami:Whats a modchip?
Ryoko:I'll tell you later.Not.
::Sasami,Ryoko,and Washu come running out of the lab,to be joined by Tenchi
and Ayeka::
Washu:We're being called by Clay.
::Washu opens a big screen to see none other than Docter Clay.
Ryoko:Hey,it's that idiot,with the stupid beard!
Dr. clay:So, Sonic the Hedgehog hair!
Ryoko:Hey sonic was the original pimp!
All:WE DIDN'T NEED TO KNOW THAT!!!!!
Ryoko:oh, yeah, oops.
Dr.Clay:That brings me to your fic for today, it's a plotless piece of
fluff, that is based on a Brittney Spears song
enjoy.MWAHAHAHAHA!!!
All(besides clay):WE HAVE FANFIC SIGHN!!!!
::Usual fanfic sighn chaos::

Oops I did it again:the tenchi fic:by Sailor Cancer/Neesh

Oops! Oops!
yeah, yeah,yeah,yeah,yeah,yeah
Oops! Oops!
yeah, yeah,yeah,yeah,yeah,yeah
I think i did it again
I made you belive
We're more than just friends
o baby

Ayeka:Because when you have nothing at all to say, rip off a crappy song.
Ryoko:This brittany spears thing is an even bigger scam than I am.
Tenchi:At least brittany doesn't hog the whole bed.
Ryoko:What! I don't. . . HEY!
Ayeka:We'll talk about this later.
Tenchi:Relax, I was just kidding.

Tenchi is in a room with all the girls except Sakuya she got blown up
(by Ryoko)

Ryoko:When did that happen?
Ayeka:We would never tolerate a fic that started in the middle on Jurai.

<Tenchi>LISTEN I NEVER LIKED ANY OF YOU!!!!!! NOW LEAVE ME
ALONE!!!!!!!!!!

Tenchi:Hm, I wonder if that would work.
Ryoko:As if!

Oops it seams like a crush
But it doesn't mean
That I'm serious

<Ryoko>But Tenchi, we were ment to be.

Ayeka:Oh, I forgot to tell you, we're all going to be on Jerry Springer next
week.
Tenchi:Oh crap.
Ryoko:I can see it now. "Stop Stealing My Boyfriend, Stupid Incestous Space
Princess"
Ayeka:You say incest like it was a bad thing.
Ryoko:I guess when you're royalty...-
Ayeka:There is nothing wrong with the way of the royal family!
::at this,Ayeka and Ryoko start bitch slapping each other and Tenchi gets a
giant Sweatdrop::

<Tenchi>Listen I don't trust you. I haven't since you blew up Tokyo when
I came home!

Ryoko:What?!? When did that happen? Half of this fic is over before it even
started!
Ayeka:It's the backstory, I guess.
Ryoko:But it's just me blowing stuff up!
Tenchi:I guess the writer decided to have all of that before the story
actually started because their authorial skills
are so lousy they couldn't have possibly described an explosion.
Ayeka:Either that, or just art imitating life I guess.
Ryoko:This is art?

<Ayeka>:But sweet Tenchi that's her what about me?

<Tenchi> ok your just a bitch who noone likes!!!

Ayeka:I like me.
Ryoko:The author of "Ayeka is Stupid" doesn't.
Ayeka:I thought we agreed never to talk about that one.
Tenchi:Hm. . . . hey, I just realized, you really are a bitch!
::Ayeka falls out of her seat and starts crying madly::
Ryoko:That figures.

But to loose all my senses
That is just so typacly me
Oh baby Oh!
Oops I did it
I played with your heart
got lost in the game
Oops you think I'm in love
That I'm sent from above
I'm not that inoccent

Ryoko:I'll have to remember those lyrics to torture people with.
Tenchi:What was this again?
Ayeka:I think Dr. Clay said it was from some Marilyn Manson album. He went
mindless 90's pop at some point for some reason.
Ryoko:Is there air in your little world? Or is it all in your head?

::All three leave the theatre:
::Washu comes out of the lab triumphantly::
Washu:I've done it!!! Well, sort of.
Ryoko,Ayeka,and Tenchi:What????
Washu:I tried to clone Tenchi and I thought It was going well, but I
accidently flipped a chromosone
and made girl Tenchis.
Ryoko:We better not tell Kione about this one ::Starts giggling::
Tenchi:WWWWWWAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHUUUUUUUUUU!!!!
Washu:Relax,Tenchi this is your chance to get in touch with your feminie
side.
All(besides Tenchi):And for us to get in touch with, uhh, that side.
Tenchi:You guys are sick, leave the woman-mes alone!!!!
Sasami:Hehehe . . . . . no.
Ayeka:Ryoko, look at the impression you have on her!
Ryoko:Hey, why not be a lesbian incestous space princess??
Ayeka:WHAT!?!?!?!?!
Tenchi:Washu, get rid of these female mes now!
Washu:Fine, I'll name them after planets, give them stupid hair, and send
them to Earth.
Tenchi:::Gives out a sigh of relief::okay!
Ayeka:WE GOT FIC SIGHN!!!!!!
::Usual fic sighn chaos::
::Ayeka, Tenchi, and Ryoko re-enter the theater

<Yosho>Tenchi watch your language.
<Whatever Tenchi's dad's name is>Uh he's got a point.

Tenchi:Yeesh! Read the faq!

<Washu>True, true

Tenchi:WHASSUP?!
Ryoko:Wheres dukey?
Ayeka:Watching the game, drinkin' a bud
All:AHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
Tenchi:Glad we got that out of our system
Ayeka:Anyway, as if anyone would take advice from a woman with a large
lobster for hair.
Ryoko:I'm hearing that.
Tenchi:Mmmm. . lobster.

<Sasami>Hey even though it's true you shouldn't rub it in! Tenchi what
about
me?

<Tenchi> *sweatdrop* uh your to young!

<Sasami> WHAT!!!!!

Ayeka:Actually, in Juraian years she isn't.
Ryoko:Tell me, is everyone on your planet a complete perv?
Ayeka:You are not to speak of Jurians that way, but to answer your question,
yes.

You see my problem is this
I'm dreamin away
Wishin that heros so truely excist
I cryed watchin the days
Can't you see I'm a fool
In so many ways

Ryoko:Why the heck does this stupid song have anything to do with anything?
Ayeka:It's setting the mood.
Tenchi:I thought that was what writing skills were for.
Ryoko:Nah, that's silly. All writers do this. Remember the time Piers
Anthony quoted all of
"Hit me baby one more time" in, um, that book he wrote?
Ayeka:Or when Danielle Steele-
Tenchi:So this fic writer isn't the only mediocre author out there. Big
deal.

After a long time of arguing Mihoshi and Kione go back to the Galexy
Police,

Ayeka:Ryoko tell me what a galexy is
Ryoko:A typing error

Ryoko goes to space somewhere, Ayeka and Sasmi go back to Jurii,and
Washu goes with Ryoko to help her destroy things.

Ryoko:Someone needs to tell this author I'm not some mindless destroyer!
Tenchi:Why don't you?
Ryoko:Because as soon as I find him or her, I'm going to destroy them!

But to loose all my senses
That is just so typacly me
Oh baby Oh!
Oops I did it
I played with your heart
got lost in the game oh baby
Oops you think I'm in love
That I'm sent from above
I'm not that inoccent

Tenchi:What?
Ryoko:She's pissed.
Tenchi:Oh.

After a month

<Tenchi>*sigh* I really did like Ryoko

Tenchi:Um, this wasn't really much of a story.
Ryoko:But I've got your happy ending right here
::Ryoko grabs Tenchi and starts kissing him::
Ayeka:Hey!::grabs Tenchi and pulls him into the aisle::
Ryoko:Huh?

Oops I
Did it again
To your heart
Got lost
In this game o baby
Oops you think I'm sent from above
I'm not that innocent

Ayeka:Azaka! Kamidake! Cigarette!
Ryoko:Hey!
Tenchi:Wait. You need both guardians to get you a cigaratte? And give me my
gum back!
Ryoko:It lost it's flavor!!
Tenchi:oh,you could keep it then.
::Ryoko takes out gum and puts it under a theater seat::

::All three leave the theater::

Original fic created by sailor cancer/neesh.

Ayeka is stupid created by Rainbow Bright.

I hope I won't get flamed,this is just a joke we did on our spare time,do
not take seriously.

MSTing by Bugzy and Hellknight

Stinger Clip:<Tenchi>You're just a bitch who no-one likes.


