(A Stardestroyer apears out of know were inside the Cargo bay Stormtroopers
gather to watch there new commanders arrive a screen appears outer Know were
on it is the Mug of the Sasami rapist Jeff)
Jeff: there hear.
(A huge flash on the floor wearing his White Armarni suit minus the tie.
With
Black shows gloves Zorro hat and cape the pissed Ctarl Ctarl stands up
waving
his silver tail maddly)
Tseng:OI Jeff take me back to Phoenix chat NOW!!!
Jeff:<cackle insanely>No.
Tseng:<sweatdrops>Im...on..a STAR DESTROYER!!!!
(There is more flashes,Kiyone,Mihoshi,Duckman , Wicked lady and a Chris
Redfeld khaki suit wearing man)
Paladin:ow!!! <blinks>Tseng cuz?
Tseng:Yeah Paladin...Cuz
Mihoshi:Ow i think i broke something.
Jeff: who cares
(Paladin Glares at Jeff as he help Mihoshi up,Kiyone get up and brushis her
self down)
Tseng:Lets see? my crew
Jeff:right,This is your ship..you may command it if you MST the fic...if you
say no and Resist you Troopers will kill you.
Paladin:<Flips Jeff off>Well im Paladin...This is Tseng....
Wicked lady:hey get this thing off from underneaf me!
Tseng:cousin Wickie!!!!
Duckman:<Muffled>Im dead and gone to Heaven
(Wickie stands up and kicks Duckman )
Kiyone:<sigh>Allright what Fic is it...
Jeff:My Baby cabbit by Tankcop
Paladin:.....
Mihoshi:....
Duckman:whoo Henati *WHAM* <Gets hit on the head by Tsengs whaping shovel>
Kiyone:......God help us!!!
Wicked lady:AHHH not Tank cop...
Tseng:The Moor of two Evils
Paladin:wich ones?
Tseng:AAA phucnuck and Peter Suzuki
(The whole bay shudder troopers, crew..well exsept Jeff)
Tseng:Memo...kill Jeff when this is over.
Kiyone:You have to beat me
Jeff:ill leave you to get fammiler..*The screen vanishes*
Tseng:Hello *bows at Kiyone*
Duckman:A Tank cop oh boy!!!
*Tseng grabs Duckman by the Throat with his Silver Ctarl Ctarl Tail*Okay
here
MY rules.No comeing on to the Girls.No Henati.And now instead of the MST
your
Going to paint the Name of the ship...
Duckman:Crap....
Paladin:what shoud we call the ship...
Kiyone:i can feel my Sanitey reduceing.
*Threepo walks in*
Mihoshi:Ohhh a Robot...
Threepeo:I am the programmer of the ship...
Wicked lady:Well it just got worse...
*Duckman walks out  and Jeff screen come back*
Jeff:ready
Paladin:Noooo...
Jeff:Tough...pick you Speachel Guests....
Tseng:I choose...Bender from Futurma...
Kiyone:And i choose......Leela.
Jeff:Fine.
*Screen is replaced with a laser cannon it shoot and creates a 3D structere
of Leela and Bender...Colour is added then a message downloading minds
apears
then if finishes..the Ray disapears fast*
Leela:what the??
Kiyone:wellcome to Hell...
Bender:I thought i payed that Vader guy off......
Tseng:Your MSTing a Tenchi fic with us...
Leela:<fearfully>Aurther......
Mihoshi:Tank cop.
Bender:were boned.
Jeff:P/A:get your asses in the Theatre...Kiyone,Tseng ,Mihoshi,Paldin
,Bender
and Leela.Wickie report to gally for meal.
6
5
4
3
2
1
(The crew enters the theatre creepy music from RES 2 pumps out the speakers)
Leela:Cut that out...
(Music stops)
============================================
Bender:EVILL!!
Leela:The horror begins
Tseng:im scared Kiyone hold me...
Kiyone:Get off

This is one of my most  oddest fics i have yet made,

Mihoshi:yet all his fic seem odd.
Tseng As Tank cop:I will make you watch it OR sudden Death.
Kiyone:Death Please....

But i feel like

Bender:A pile of crap
Tseng:.... Margret Thatchers Sex toy

Doing it so you the fans be my judge

Bender:He has fans
Paladin:Insane Postmen....
Kiyone:He has A fan
Mihoshi:Who?
Leela:Nobody
(silence)
Time note:This take place arfter....

Kiyone:Ryoko seduced Tenchi
Leela:I grow a 2nd eye
Tseng:....Ayaka goes on a killing spree and kill Tank cop
Mihoshi:And there was mutch Rejoiceing
(The whole crew wave flags of Briton Japan and America)
...Ryo-ohki is blamed......

Bender:For makeing love to Nobuyki
(The whole crew apart from Bender Hurl in there sick bags)
Paladin:Thanks for the Image (!)
Tseng:Shhh Tank cop still is alive...he might make a note of that.

...for breaking Yoshos Statue,In the  "Tenchi in Tokyo,Moon Mission
episode.By Tankcop

Leela:AKA..Satan
Bender:AKA the Insane guy at the car wash...
Tsneg:AKA tony blair
Mihoshi:AKA Hitler
Kiyone:AKA AAA phucknuts evil brother
(The crew Shudder)

My Little baby cabbit

Tseng:My Little Kiyone
Kiyone:My Little stress toy *WHACK* ,*Thump*
Tseng:owie....

>---------------------------------------------------------------------
>--------

Bender:Uh oh somebody started a spiting contest.
Tseng As first hillbilly:Mah spit can hit ah Truck....
Paladin As second Hillbilly:Mine can go even further....look right off the
page
(Everyone snickers)

Ryo-ohki runs from the Masaki house in tears...

Bender:As Washu:what wrong Ryo-ohki?
Leela:as Ryo-ohki:I descovered i cant make love to carrots!!!
Mihoshi:pardon??
Kiyone:SHHH Leela Idea thing
Leela:whoops

and cries as she runs into...

Paladin:A 40ft Truck heading for her,it then crushed her killing her and
ending this fic....
Tseng:That was Dark...
Mihoshi:Poor Ryo-ohki

..the deep forest.she jumps from log to log,From Bush to bush,from tree to
tree.

Bender:Must....resist....Hentai comments

Running farther and Farther away from home...

Leela:Because she relised she was in a Tankcop fic
Bender:As Fratic Ryo-ohki:Must...get...away.....

The fact that she was hated by......
Bender:....Ayaka because she got Sasami more time in the sack...*WHAM*
Tseng:*hefts his whamer shovel over his sholder *Bender no Hentai
Kiyone:*Throws up*there sisters damnit....

by everyone.she soon finds a....

Leela:...gun and puts herself out of misery...
Mihoshi:As Ryo-ohki:BANG..whoops i missed...SPLAT...score...
Tseng:Dont say score Mihoshi....
Mihoshi:Why??
Tseng:........

Small cave were she take refuge ......

Kiyone:From the Hentai fic Authers
Mihoshi:As Paranoid Ryo-ohki:There gonna get me!!!

in.She lies there Shacking.....

Bender:A Rock....*Gets balsted into the wall by White fire*
Leela:Can i say??
Tseng:*Nods*You May........
Leela:Bender no Hentai
(Bender crawls back to his seat)
Tseng:what does he mean by Shacking....
Kiyone:I think he ment shakeing....
Paladin:Tanks cop is such a Dumb assed Retard

and cold as she cries herself.....

Bender:To El Hazard....

sleep.

>--------------------------------------------------------------------->-------

--

Leela:There back!!!!!!
kiyone:Oi you two no spitting in public *Gets her GP blaster out*
Bender:For such buck teethed Morons they sure can spit....

At the house the entire Famly now aware........

Bender:That Tenchi was gay.....
Leela:That Ryoko was naked
Tseng:That they were in a Tankcop fic....
Kiyone:That i was abducted

of there mistake they made,> goes looking for Ryo-ohki

Leela:AHHH a Hillbilly looking for Ryo-ohki......
Paladin:As Hillbilly 2:Im agoona have cabbit stew for mah din-er
Tseng:Shouldn't Sasami be looking for Ryo-ohki?
Kiyone:She must of been kidnapped

"oh Ryo-ohki.......

BenderAs Sasami:Faster yes yes *CRACK*
Leela:Bender No Hentai
Kiyone:Dont make fun of Sasami-chan

......where are you?" Sasami yells

Tseng:wait!! were is the exclamation mark?
Leela:It probably ran like hell when it found it was in a Tank cop.
Paladin:Tseng you used two i think that the missing Exclamiation mark.
Mihoshi:No need for an spare Exclamation mark
(The crew hum the TV seris Themetune of Tenchi)

"Ryo-ohki.were sorry,Please comeback.Aeka Says.

Bender:who??
Leela:Prahaps Ayakas Clone
(Paladin hums the Twilight zone theme)

"Come on out Ryo-ohki,its to late and cold to be playing games like
this"Ryoko says.

Leela:what??
Tseng:i think he ment Ryoko said
Paladin:This is tray nutso
Kiyone:Tank cop is A Moron....Washu coud just go to her lab and beam her
back
or ask her to come back through there mindlink.
Paladin:Like i said Tank cop is a moron from hell.

The whole famly look for the lost......

Bender:.....Gambling IOUs
Leela:......Tenchis dads Henati
Tseng:Tenchi Spine
Paladin:.......Ayaka...

............cabbit with no luck finding her.Aeka holds her....

Bender:Breasts....*WHAM CLANG BAM*
All but Bender:Bender no Hentai!!!!

........little sister tight in her arms as Sasami cries for her lost
pet.....

Leela:I thought Ryoko owned Ryo-ohki??
Tseng:So did I....

....and Freind ."oh Ryo-ohki  were are you Boo hoo"....

Bender:That Boo Hoo make me think she realy does not care...
Kiyone:Remeber Bender this is TANK COP Sasami.She been through pedophiliac
Fic allready.
Mihoshi:*Shudder*Dont remind me...

Sasami said with tears in her eyes......

Leela:were elase woud they go??
Bender:i know a few places...*Gets whacked by Tseng silver tail*Ow!!!

"come on Sasami its late and its very getting cold....

Leela:So put you Kimono on and stop flashing Tenchi
(Bender falls off his seat laughing)

......we will look for Ryo-ohki tommow,i promise......

Tseng:Little did the famly know Aeka was going to kill them all in there
sleep.....
(The Girl hum the Psycho theme the Guys make stabbing motions)

".Aeka tells her sobbing sister.

Leela:how the hell did you know it was Ayaka
Tseng:will Ryoko and Tenchi talk Like that
Paladin:No

They all go back into the House and get some Rest...

Tseng:Selfish Idiots leaving a poor Cabbit to die alone in the forest
(Mihoshi sobs while Paladin comforts her)

.So they coud get up eary to look for Ryo-ohki.

Leela:Corpse...
Bender:Lawer

>--------------------------------------------------------------------->-------

----

Bender:If those Hillbillys dont get im gonna brake there spines....
Tseng:Ill shock them first

Ryo-ohki wakes up to find herself in a completey different place.....

Tseng:As Ryo-ohki:Damn prostitute i told him to leave me there...

...then she was yesterday.She yawned something fall out her mouth.

Bender:..it was a Carrot with white stuff on it..
(The crew apart from Bender throw up)
Leela:Bender were trying to reduce the henati...
Kiyone:Hence the name of the ship

It was a pacifier.SHe felt something on her head....

Bender:were the normal h?
Leela:Hmm must of owed some debts to get a cap to kill it...
Tseng:what a Pacifier...
Kiyone:.....
Tseng:Im from Briton ok??
Mihoshi:*Looking through an American-english dictionary*I think they call a
Pacifier a dummy.

She then took it off to see that it was a bonnet!She then looked around and
saw Bars all around her.

Bender:*Gasp*She in the completey cute but Deadly Animals Asylum.
Leela:Hmm probably Next to Pikachu...

she thought for a Moment that she was in a cage.She looked up to see there
was no top to this cage.Then looking around again released she was not in a
cage,But a crib....

Bender:Jeeze what was your first clue (!)

She took a closer look at her surroundings.She was in what apeared to be a
little girls room,...

Leela:what else Petnaps cute little Animals and take them to there home.
Tseng:Jeff
Jeff:P/A I heard that!!!
(The crew Laugh)

there where stuffed animals,dolls,and Little Girl cloths all over the floor.

Leela ,Kiyone and Tseng:So...untidy

Ryo-ohki then stands up and decides to try and escape,but as she moves she
hears a crunching sound and feels something in-between her Waist.....

Leela:The Prostitute was back and he was a Midget..
(The whole crew falls out there seats laughing)

She looks down to see she is wearing a Diaper! Ryo-ohki blushes all over!.

Leela:you coud not see because of her fir
Tseng:Diaper??
Mihoshi:Nappy..
Tseng:ohhhh

Ryo-ohki tries to jump over,But the Diaper she was wereing made Jumming
hard.

Leela:what the hell is "Jumming"
Kiyone:And why does not Ryo-ohki turn into a space ship and fly her way out
of there?.
Bender:I think Tank cop ment Jumping.
Mihoshi:I can Spell Jumping....

and made her move slow,And unsteadily.So Ryo-ohki only managed to get her
paws to touch the top of the crib before falling down on her Diapered butt!

Leela:Butt...Thats a childish word....
Tseng:He coud of used Ass,Behind or bottom but butt
Mihoshi:..Tank cop is an Moron
Kiyone:Good Mihoshi...have Gum piece.
Mihoshi:Yay
(Kiyone hands Mihoshi some Gum)

Ryo-ohki was so unhappy with hows things were that she started to cry.>Just
then a  Little girl in a blue dress comes into the room.

Bender:A Hillbilly is  carrying a Just??
Paladin as Little Girl:Master Jeff awaits you for his pleasures...
(The whole crew laugh there heads off)
Jeff:P/A :hey!!!!
Tseng:Shut up Molester..

"What the matter?? Baby Hungrey??"

Kiyone As Ryo-ohki:no i live in Japan

The Little Girl picks up Ryo-ohki and holds her in her arms,....

Paladin:In other words.....
Tseng:...She touching herself...
(The whole crew including Bender throws up)

Like a Mother  woud hold her baby."My names Nilly...

Leela As Nilly:Hi and im a Creation of that Moron called Tank cop i come to
Molest you!!
Tseng:Leela no Hentai...next time the Shovel

>.I live in America,but my parents have to come to Japan once a Month For
Business and i have to go with them.

Tseng:An Hillbilly is carrying a . ...god the letter and Exclamation marks
are so damn lazy in Tank cop fics.

your a funny looking bunny.

Paladin as Ryo-ohki :No Shit Sherloc

My Mommy and Daddy told me i coud keep you.So now Your my baby and i am your
Mommy!"Nilly said with a smile.

Bender As Nilly:So i can hug you and kiss you and test my experimental
cosmetics on you.
Tseng:Let me get this straight....her parents allow her to take strange
meowing Rabbits?
Mihoshi as Nilly: mommy can i have this red stick thing with a  lit fuse?
KiyoneAs Nillys Mom:Of course Dear
(The whole crew make a BLAM Soud effect)

Nilly seemed a sweet Girl,age 5 or 6 from Ryo-ohki coud guess.

Leela:Despite being  a Tank cop creation

All though Ryo-ohki was not ok being her baby thing.

Tseng:Well DUH nobody wants to wake up finding themselves in baby gear in a
crib...

"Here Mommy will feed you now.Baby must be Hungrey."Nilly takes a Baby
bottle
full of....

Brender:Puke...
Leela:Carrot juice
Kiyone:Blood of Tank cop...

..Milk and Sticks it it into Ryo-ohkis mouth! Ryo-ohki once again Was
blushing.She found being bottle feed was very embarrassing,

Leela:what the hell does he mean by feed??
Kiyone:Fed i think the dumb assed Writer ment fed

but she was thirsty and the Milk did taste good.

Tseng:Milk is the elixir of Life!!! or course it tasted good!!!
Mihoshi:What about Water??
Tseng:Waters ok...

Arfter Ryo-ohki drank all the milk,Nilly takes Ryo-ohki over her shoulder
and
pats her on the back until she burps! "Burp"

Bender:wow Ryo-ohki first word!!! Burp
Leela:Aint that cute and disgusting....

Ryo-ohki goes with a Red face.....

Paladin:My god that sentence made not sence
Mihoshi:Ow my head hurting guys.....

Arfter Nilly Started to play with Ryo-ohki,Bounceing her on her knee.

Paladin:..Ryo-ohki threw up all over Nilly..
Kiyone:Gross AND Dark Paladin
Paladin:I try

They where both haveing a good time.It was so much fun that Ryo-ohki even
lost control of her bowels,and wet her Diaper

Mihoshi:eww Gross
Paladin:My God Tank cop needs a Lobotomy
Kiyone:is it me or can we smell it....
Jeff P/A:This ship has Smell- o -vision
Tseng:Jeff you a sick Basterd *Coughs and covers his nose*

Ryo-ohki was so Ashamed and embarrassed of what she did she started to cry.

Tseng:id cry to if i WET myself
Leela:Amen..

Nilly carried Ryo-ohki over to the Changeing table.Shhh its okay baby,there
no need to cry,Mommy will change you Diaper"

Tseng:AHHHH missing quotation marks!!!
Leela:Why woud she WANT to change a kid...
Mihoshi:Im haveing Taro flashbacks.....
Bender as Nilly:...By sticking my hand up your.....*Blam a Beam of light
hits
bender sending him hurling over the Front row*
Kiyone:Thank you Tseng
Tseng:No probs Kiyone-chan

Nilly lies Ryo-ohki  on the table and Removes her wet Diaper and puts it in
the trash.She then takes some talcum powder and Powders Ryo-ohkis crouch

Leela:what the hell did he mean by Crouch??
Tseng:I think Moron Cop ment Crotch
Mihoshi:That was wrong on so many levels

And Butt.She then rubs some baby oil over her Crouch and butt.

Paladin:Crotch you Dick-head!!!!
Tseng:Why do i have the doom feeling...
Leela:uh oh...

Ryo-ohki purred as Nilly rubs her  Fingers over her oiled Pussy and
bottom.she creased and Rubbed over Ryo-ohki most sensitive spot for a few
Minutes.

(The whole cast goes green Mihoshi covers her eyes the rest apart from
Bender
go for there Barf bags)
Kiyone:forget an Asylum..GP death row is were Tank cop shoud be...
Tseng:Damn you Tank cop and Jeff...
Paladin:Get a Girlfreind!!!!
Mihoshi:<Groggy>.is...is ist over....

Nilly goes to get a fresh Diaper,lifts up Ryo-ohki legs and slide the diaper
under her butt.

Leela:Is Ryo-ohki or Nilly wereing the Diaper...
Paralax:<urp>Tank cop doesnt care....

she floods it.

Leela:Oh god dont say she did it on purpose...*Vomits*

over her waist and and Crouch,and tapes the sides up nice and tight.Then she
picks picks up Ryo-ohki and puts her in her arms and sings and Rocks
Ryo-ohki
back and Forth,Until Ryo-ohki falls asleep in her Arms.

Bender*sits up and rub his head*What happend why am i down here...who
cares..
*Walks back to his seat between Tseng and Leela*
Tseng:Let me get this straight......a 6 year old Girl just molested
Ryo-ohki.......SICK!!!!!

That Night as Nilly was sleeping in her bed  Ryo-ohki took the chance to
escape..

(The crew hum the Mission impossible theme tune)
Bender:This cabbit will self destruct in shame arfter the fic...

She tried to jump over and over again,But failed.....

Leela <To Ryo-ohki>:Try turning into a space ship.....

The she looked around the crib to find something to help her get out.She
found some Reading blocks and started to stack them,untill they where hight
enough.

Leela:what the hell did he mean where??
Mihoshi:I think Tank cop ment were...
Paladin :*Stands up*You Dumbassed moron were reading your fic and you cant
spell were *Flips the Movie screen off*

Ryo-ohki then got on top of them and stretched her little arms over tothe
top
of the crib and Managed to pull herself out.

Tseng:*Glares at Bender*Any Hentail comments and your Deactivated.
Bender:what a Moron..he think tothe is one word...
Kiyone:Tank cop NEEDS a lobotomy

She then moves out of the house  as quicil as possible....

Leela:what the hell did he mean by "quicil"
Kiyone:I think Dumbassed cop ment Quick

As Ryo-ohki walks out the House she can hear the sound of Nilly crying.

Bender as crying Nilly:i...i wnated to show this one the hot poker *WHAM*
Tseng:Bender no Hentai!!!
All:Run Ryo-ohki dont turn back!!!!!!

Ryo-ohki walks back into the House and to the door wya of Nilly room  and
sees her crying her sad eyes out.

Paldin:Moron..Doorway is one word......

Ryo-ohki made a hard dection....

Leela:Oh God!! is Decision moron...This guy is worse as Fry....

she walks behind Nilly and goes "Meow" behind her

Bender as Nilly:Ohh my little sex toy is back *CRACK*
Kiyone:Bender No Hentai

Nilly then looks back to see her little baby "OH your back your Realy back"

Leela As Nilly:Because i got this new Lip stick that melts fir....

Nilly yells as she picks up Ryo-ohki and Hugs her tight..

(the crew make a crunch Sound)
Mihoshi as Nilly:ewwww Cabbit guts on my night shirt

"well i will just stay here for a while,its alot better than Being cold and
Hungrey in the woods."Ryo-ohki thought.The next day Ryo-ohki went through
more bottle feeding and baby food....

Leela:God that must be degradeing....
Kiyone:Try being her partner *Points to Mihoshi*

...eating as well.She allso Endured the Diaper changeing too.Everey thing
was
Going great until later on that day at dinner time.

Leela:I Fell hungry..
Bender:i got some Twinkies....

At Dinner Nilly family was haveing carrots as a side dish.Ryo-ohki coud
smell
them and of course escaped her crib....

Tseng:*Make an ARP siran Sound*Aerrrnnnnn
Paladin as Germa guard:Zee Cabbits escaped sound the alarms

...to try get some.Ryo-ohki was able to get under the table and coud smell
the sweet......

Bender as Homer Simpson:Sweet sweet Carrots *Drolls*
Tseng:ok....THAT was creepy......

.........Carrots that were above her.She took the table cloth and Started to
pull on it Hopping to pull down a carrot or two.Instead Ryo-ohki pulled and
the entire Dinner came crashing to the floor.

(Kiyone winces And Tseng goes Bug eyed)
Tseng:My god...what a waste..that chicken looked so good to.
Leela:what the hell did he mean Hopped??
Paladin:Tank cop meant Hoped...
Mihoshi:Silly Tank cop ^^

The the Nilly family looked down to se Ryo-ohki staring back at them.

Leela:Stareing NOT Staring idiot
Tseng:PAUSE FIC!!! <to all>Guys my feline Instinct tell me this is were the
sick bits starting.
Paladin:Your right cuss....Bender beer me...
(Bender chucks a beer at evreyone thay all catch it*
Kiyone:we cant drink this!!!!
Bender:why??
Leela:its robot beer.
Tseng:Computer  REAL beer please.
(In the corner of the screen a box opens and Holly from red dwarf Seris 1 to
3 appears*
Paladin:Holly???
Tseng:it said you had a sex change...
Holly:No i was devorced by Hily and shoved into a harddisc...Jeff found the
disc and sent it here to be installed.....
Kiyone:Just give us 5 beer please...
Paladin:.......Buds
Holly:Gotcha, Dudes
*5 beer apears in the crews hands while bender atkes back the robot beers*
Bender:what a Smeg head
(the fic restarts)

Nilly takes Ryo-ohki back into  her room."now look what you did you bad
baby.My Mommy and Dddy are mad at me now.I will ahve to punnish you.

Mihoshi as Sailor Moon:In the name of the moon i shall punish you
Kiyone:I dont like were this is going..
Tseng:Ditto...

Nilly then Sits on her little Rocking chair and puts Ryo-ohki over her
lap.She then takes the back of Ryo-ohkis Diaper down exploseing her bare
bottom to the world.

Tseng:She Shaved Ryo-ohkis Behind!!!
Paladin:Ryokos gonna be pissed....
Kiyone:My god this is it were going into Lemon teritory....

Nilly then raised her hand and spanks Ryo-ohki hard!

(The whole crew but Bender and Tseng Wince)
Tseng:You Hatless Bitch what did Ryo-ohki do it was an Acident...My mon
nipped me on my ears but this is pain..
Kiyone:Its gonna get sicker
Bender:I DON NOT like were this is heading!!!

Poor Ryo-ohki just cries in pain as Nilly keeps Spanking her now veary red
and sore bottom.

Leela:To mutch information
Mihoshi:Moor that we wanted to know!!!
(The crew throw there emptey beer bottle  at the scren)
Holly:Ill get the skutters then....
Kiyone As Obiwan Kenobi:I ahve a bad feeling about this
 as it starts to get wer
Arfter a while Ryo-ohki start to get a weried feeling in her pussy,as it
starts to get wet.

(The crew goes green including Holly who is at the movie scren)
Paladin:its Weird one braincelled Cop *Heaves*
Leela:Im gonna be sick
(chain reaction the whole crew including Holly are throwing up)

Nilly then Moved from Hand Spanking to using a wooden hair brush!

Tseng:The sick pissed off 20001 year old ctarl ctarl demon Tseng walked in
killed Tank cop and got rid of his evil spirit in the girl and brought
Ryo-ojki back home.
Bender:You wish (Hurl)
Jeff P/A:Suffer MWHAHAAHAH
Mihoshi:is it me or can you smell a Weird smell??
Kiyone:Im gonna kill that Jeff when this is over

With made the spanking stink like crazy

Leela:My god!!!!! the horribel torture!!! *Throws up*

And made Ryo-ohki more loud.But as  the heat in her Ass was Building,so was
the heat in her pussy.

All:I WANT OUT!!!!!
(The whole crew run and try the wrench open the door)
Bender:Its stuck...
Leela:Damn you jeff!!!!
Stormtroopers in the Theatre:Back the seats now sir and madams.
(The Crew walk back to the seats sobbing)

Ryo-ohki then rubbed her hips against The softness of her diaper

Leela:Against Moron *URP*
Mihoshi:were gonna die Kiyone

Rubbing her pussy and clint

Kiyone:iM not correcting that!!!!
Tseng:I feel REALY sick...

Over the Diaper bringing her closer to a climax.Nilly give Ryo_ohki tem more
good swats with the brush Ryo-ohki cums full force at the last swat.

(The whole crew throw up Bender grabs a Stormtrooper helmit while Tseng has
a
buckit Leela ,Kiyone,Mihoshi and Paladin have there sick bags)
Leela:WERE IN HELL!!!!

As Both the pleasure and the pain hits her at once

Benderas Nilly:Ewww i got white stuff on my dress
(Tseng falls out of his seat Groaning)
Kiyone:Are you *Urp*Okay Tseng??

Ryo-ohki then lies there Tired on Nilly lap,as Nilly rubs her hands over her
fiery bottom,

Paladin:STOP IT!!!
Tseng:My poor cat brain!!!
Mihoshi:My eyes i think im blind!!!

Saying how sorry she is.

Leela:Apologise to US!!!!
Tseng:And all the other MSTers who had to suffer in this fic....
Bender:...i hope i dont have to pay for the Helmit......

Later on that day Ryo-ohki was again given a fresh Diaper,Nilly parents
talked to her and told her That Ryo-ohki was to Dangerous to keep,that she
coud break more of there things,and that she shoud be set free to the woods.

Leela:Nilly or the Cabbit....
Paladin:Both....

where she found.Ryo-ohki coud hear poor Nilly cry....

(The crew cheers)
Leela:Cry Bitch we dont care....
Kiyone:<singsong>Its allmost over....

As she walked in and told Ryo-ohki "My Mommy and Daddy,say your no good.

Bender as Ryo-ohki:Ditto to them....
(Paladin laughs and falls out his chair)
Tseng:Good one Bender....

And i have to set you free.They Promised to buy me a new Bunny,But i dont
want a new one i want to keep you " Nilly picks up Ryo-ohki....

Paladin;..who turned into a space ship and impaled her on the spike she then
Blew up Nilly house and flew back home the end *Gets up*
Stormtroopers in Theatre:Please sit down...
Paladin:easy guys dont shoot *Sits back down*

......... and carrys her outside ,were

Kiyone:A pissed off Ryoko stood...
Tseng:were i grabbed Ryo-ohki and ran for it...

Nilly parents were waiting.Nilly give Ryo-ohki one last hug and kiss...

All crew:Ewww she kissed a cabbit.....

...then put her on the ground lets Ryo-ohki run in the Forest.As Ryo-ohki
leaves the Area of Nilly home she can here Nilly cries growing less and
less.Ryo-ohki started to cry....

Bender as Ryo-ohki:yes im gone from the bitch...
Leela as Ryo-ohki:allright..now i can come back to being Ken-ohkis Bitch!!!!

too.She Will Miss Nilly,but knows she needs to go back home.It was late when
Ryo-ohki found her way back to the  Maskia house...

Tseng:Wich was the wrong house the Maskias were pissed and shot at Ryo-ohki
Paladin as Ryo-ohki:whoops wrong house......

AS she aproached the house.....

Kiyone:she ate the two normal a and s there cuzs took over

She heard cries comeing from inside,it was Sasami.Ryo-ohki ran in and finds
Aeka comferting her sad sister."its ok sasami,we will find Ryo-ohki no
matter
 what it takes"Aeka said.

Kiyone:Sasami was crying bacause seh descovered the REAL Ayaka was dead and
the clone was gonna kill her if she dident cry for Ryo-ohki...

...as she crossed her sister hair and Rubbed her head.

Paladin:Is that leagal???

Ryo-ohki walked through the door going "Meow"

Bender as a pissed Sasami:were the hell were you *Smack*
Mihoshi as a lucy like Ryo-ohki:WAHHHH!!!

Both of them staired at the cabbit.

Tseng as Ayaka:Errmmm Whats that white stuff under you tail Ryo-ohki???
Kiyone as Ryo-ohki:Ummmm Nothing

Sasami rushes to pick her up."Oh Ryo-ohki your back...

Leela As Sasami:And your front is here too

.Oh I missed you so Mutch.where all sorry we where so  mean to you!.

Leela:AHHHHH not speech Marks!!!
Paladin:its we are you dick ,Stupid Tank Cop......
Tseng:Its allmost over!!!!!!!!!

Sasami hugged Ryo-ohki until she felt something...

Bender as Sasami:eww Ryo-ohki whats this white stuff? *WHAM*
Paladin:Bender no Hentai!!!!

She looked at Ryo-ohki again and saw something very surprising.
"Ryo-ohki why do you have a Diaper on??"Sasami asked.

Tseng as Ryo-ohki:Medical reasons....

Ryo-ohki blushed all over...

All:we coud not see it because there was dirty fer aroud her.

                                The End

AllHurahhh!!!!!!!
>---------------------------------------------------------------------
>--------

Bender:Thats it Stormtroopers kill the Hillbillys...
Stormtroopers in Theater :At oncle sir.
(As the crew leave the theatre we see gren balster boldts fly around)
Leela:Uh oh we got to read the Auther notes
Mihoshi:Lets do it from here
Paladin:yes lets....

It is a happy fanfic with an sad  twist.

All:NO f*ck of TC

It is hard to tell how to feel

Leela:I feel pissed at the moment
Kiyone:Ditto

You decide...

Tseng:Gimme a C !!! *Wavers his Ctarl ctarl tail
Palladin:what does that spell
All:CRAP!!!!

Was it funny?

Bender:No..Tasteless yes...

Sad?

Mihoshi:And sick yes...

Ect?

Tseng:F*ck off TC

I hope you enjoyed this Lemon....

All:we did not....

Strange as it is.....

Kiyone:Ahhhh Go away!!!

I still dont know why i made this,

Mihoshi:Because you a sick S.O.B?

I just thought it was a cute Lemon to make,

Leela:Go back to downloading Porn....

You be my Judge...

Tseng:Guilty as hell

Write to me what you think....

Paladin:even better we can blow up your plannit with this baby!!!

Tank cop.

All:SMEG OFF!!!!!

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

----
(Back to the kitchen Kiyone and Mihoshi are waiting for food Paladin is
reading a penthouse and Tsengs is giveing his review to Jeff)
Tseng:......Its sucked good night *Blast the Moniter to pieces with White
Blast*
(Duckman walks in looking exsasted)
Duckman:There.......Done..on both sides......
(Wickie walks in)
Wicked lady:Dinnneerrrrr
(The crew sit at the table and talk we zoom out the revial the H.M.S Reducer
in all her Star Destroyer glory she has Her name painted on the left and
right sides we hear the Red Dwarf theme Music but it ben Animitized.Next Fic
a touch of insanity by Araca Jeth

Brentoki2887@aol.com Email me what you thought......


