
HOW I FELT a.k.a. Calling All Disilluioned Authors!

Disclaimer: I own the chracters of Mibosho and Chi-ono, but they are 
(if you want to know) alternate visions of Mihoshi and Kiyone who are 
owned by Pioneer and AIC.
The Author is, of course, me.

Dedication: This fic is dedicated to Craeyst Raygal (author of gold 
and silver)and any fan fic authors who 
may feel that they have been thwarted because someone has 
'mirrored' their ideas. 
It is my first fic and has very little to do with Tenchi, but it sums 
up how I thought when I felt thwarted.  

The Author punched through the wall in his anger.
"Noooooooo!!!" he screamed at the sky "NOOOOO!"
It was silly to get worked up, but still it happened.

A couple of blocks away in GP central, Chi-ono and 
Mibosho were in hot pursuit. Unlike their counterparts
In Tenchi's world, Chi-ono's hair was dark with just a
Hint of auburn. It shone almost red as the light from a 
street lamp in this built up district beamed down on it. 
Mibosho, her partner, had blue curls and glowing, golden eyes. 
They both looked determined. They heard the scream.

The Authors eyes filled with tears.
Here, as powerful as he could be when the tumult of rage 
and sadness blinded him, he was demolishing GP central. 
The bar in which he had drowned his sorrows was full of 
GPs, and when afterwards he started his rampage several 
had tried to follow. They were now littering the streets, 
their training made null by the super human power of cunning 
descriptiveness with the sharp pencil, the flowing pen and 
the computer keyboard.
"Why? Why can't anything be MINE?"
He ran to where the huge statue of His Rival stood, grostesque
in its grandure at the center of GP HQ, at the center of the 
universe.His Rival had crafted it accidentally, from the mere 
good ideas which sprang like fountains from their mind.
The Author read the inscritption on the plinth over and over.
'The contrast…good use of opposites…politeness…'
"Those are MY IDEAS! The bastard! He just GOT THERE 
FIRST! Why can't I be the one! Then people would respect ME!"
The tears flowed down the inscription, dissolving the floor, 
the metal, everything- but they could not wipe the inscription away.
"DREAM GUY? How DARE THEY! The bastard!"

Mobosho and Chi-ono ran through the lamp lit, futuristic streets 
of GP central. Darknesses reared up in front of them, but they were 
stronger creations- they had no time for petty enemies. Mobosho 
aimed her streamlined gun at one and blew it away. Chi-ono 
kicked at one, sending it into a twirling cloud of sparks and dust.
"Where did he go, Chi?"
"I didn't see. Use the sensor!"
Mobosho took from her pocket a small pyramid. A map lit up from 
it, in vivid greens and oranges, like landing lights.
"He's by the statue, and moving upward!"
"Not to the ebony?"
"Yes!"
"Quick, run!"

While everything else was set well into the future, the ebony 
was a shack. A toppling, wooden tower painted jet black. The
leaning steps were hard to climb, and the thing rocked from 
side to side as The Author raced up them.
"I know you're here! I could have charmed the world with him, 
but you GOT THERE FIRST!" he raced to the top.
Chi-ono was on the side of the ebony now, climbing on the 
outside, desperately trying to avoid The Author's confrontation.
"No!" she screamed as the tower lurched and The Author ran 
up the last flight.
"I will have me fic written, and SOMEONE WILL KNOW ME FOR IT! 
NOT CAST ME INTO A BACKSTREET WITH COPIERS AND RE-MAKERS!"
Mobosho ran after him, trying to grab his leg. She tripped, 
but got up again. Then The Author burst into the lair of His Rival.
"You! You going to pay for what you've done!"
His Rival turned round, and their melancholy face faded gradually into

...a mirror.

They were so much alike. But one got there first.
The mirror cracked and dusted before him. He fell to his knees.
Tears.
A hand to help him up. It was Mibosho.
Chi-ono came through the window.
"Author-chan! Stop it! Your just hurting yourself!" she cooed.
"Why is nothing I make ever good?" sobbed The Author.
"Nonsense, Author-chan! You are a great writer! You created us!"
"But your just reflections. Your copies of something already 
created!"
"Oh no. We're much more than that." Whispered Chi-ono, 
her black-red hair falling across her face.
"Come home with us, father."

They led him down the staires of the ebony. On the full moon there
was a silhouette- an extremely tall man, all greys and blacks now. 
His long hair, which had once been silver, 
blew in the harsh wind. He turned, his face sad at his colourlessness. 
Chi-ono nodded at him.
"You created him too." 
The K symbol which adorned the man's chest flickered in and out, 
the originality of his creation cruelly stolen.
"Will you let him die?"
"My son? No. He will have his fic, and I will be called on and 
harrassed by others, accusing me of copying...."
"Oh, Author-chan!"
"Mibo-chan?"
"You have a lot to learn."
And the three waited, as the grey man walked down to join them, in 
the center of GP HQ.

I know it doesn't make a lot of sense, but trust me- once you've been, 
you'll know what I meant. Still, I hope you enjoyed it- look out for 
more Mobosho ('alternate Mihoshi) in further fics, and also the 'K' figure 
mentioned above.
My lasting thanks to all of the TMFFA authors and readers.
Let me know what you thought.

Yours-
Jim 'Diabolo' Moore

comageddon@ntlworld.com
