Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo. AIC/Pioneer owns it.

A/N: The one I wrote before this, the re-write of OAV episode one, will 
not be continued and does not have anything to do with this fic. I am 
just portraying the big T/R moments in each series, which means that I 
am going to re-write the episodes where I think that they could have 
declared their love for one another. I am doing three episodes out of 
the OAV and Universe series and two episodes from the Tokyo series. In 
this one I am doing the tenth episode of the OAV, but what would have 
happened if Ryo-Ohki weren't in the room when Tenchi yelled at Ryoko? 
Read to find out!




I Love You


Ryoko was in tears. She looked at Tenchi with a shocked and horrified 
expression.

'He said that he hates me. I didn't mean to rip the kimono, Tenchi. It 
was an accident, I swear it!' Ryoko cried out mentally.

Tenchi had a very angry look on his face, but his expression softened 
considerably when he saw Ryoko start to shake, cry and fall down to her 
knees.

'Ryoko's crying. She hardly ever cries. The only other time that I saw 
her cry was when I went up against Kagato on the Soja. I didn't mean 
it, Ryoko! I'm so sorry!' Tenchi yelled out mentally.

Everything was quiet for a moment, with the exception of Ryoko's 
sobbing. She had her face buried in her hands as she continued weeping 
uncontrollably.

Tenchi just stood there looking at her, paralyzed. He wanted to rush 
over to her, hold her and soothe her, but this time it just wasn't the 
same. He had said the three most horrible words to her that had just 
shattered her heart into millions of pieces.

"Tenchi?" Ryoko said in a shaky voice.

"Yes, Ryoko? What is it?" Tenchi asked softly.

"I'll be leaving here today since you hate me so very much," she choked 
out.

Tenchi looked at the pained expression on her face. He didn't like 
seeing her in pain and this time it was his entire fault.

"Ryoko, I'm sorry. I didn't mean what I said. I was just angry, so I 
got carried away," Tenchi explained.

"Tenchi, you don't have to lie to me. You're too nice for your own 
good," she said.

"I'm not lying, Ryoko. When have I ever lied to you?" he asked her.

"I don't know," she replied, honestly.

"Well, actually, I can think of one time," he admitted.

"And when was that?" she asked, curiously.

"Just now," he answered.

Ryoko shot him an icy smile. "See? I knew that you hated me!"

"I wasn't lying about that," he said.

"Really? Then just what were you lying about?" she asked, impatiently.

"I lied about hating you," he said.

"You said that before," she told him.

"What else do you want me to say, Ryoko?" he asked, desperately.

'I want you to say that you love me!' she screamed, mentally.

"Ryoko, I truly am sorry," he said, sincerely.

"I don't know what to believe anymore," she said, sadly.

"How can I prove to you that I am sorry?" he asked.

"Just do whatever comes naturally to you, Tenchi. If you can do that, 
then I'll believe you. I just want you to believe yourself as well," 
she said.

"So, there can't be any doubts?" he asked.

"None whatsoever," she replied.

'This is gonna be tough!' he thought. 'But I need to prove it to her.'

"Well?" she prompted.

Tenchi looked over at Ryoko sadly. "Ryoko, I have no idea how I'm going 
to prove this to you."

"I knew it," she said, curtly.

"But I can try," he returned.

"I'm waiting," she said, annoyed.

"Umm.how about this? How about if I buy you something that you like?" 
he asked, hopefully.

"Nice try, Tenchi," she replied, sarcastically.

"Well.what if I take you out on a picnic later today?" he asked.

"Nope," she replied.

"What if I give you a kiss?" he asked.

Ryoko gave him a smug look and said, "Don't even try it."

Tenchi sighed. "Okay, I give up. You win, but please don't go."

"Why should I even stay here, Tenchi? There's nothing left to keep me 
here!" she spat out, angrily.

"Not even what you feel for me?" he asked, quietly.

Ryoko looked at him in silent shock and then asked, "What exactly do 
you know of my feelings for you?"

"I'm not blind, Ryoko. I admit that I may be dense at times, but I'm 
not blind to how people feel," he said.

"Well then, enlighten me. How do you think I feel about you?" she 
asked.

"You love me," he replied, simply.

"So what. It's not like I'm gonna get any of that love in return," she 
said, venomously.

"You never know, Ryoko," he said, quietly.

"Well, I know that you hate me, so what kind of love could you ever 
possibly return to me?" she asked.

"Ryoko, I don't hate you," he said.

"Then why did you say it?" she asked, angrily.

"Because I tend to snap at the people whom I." he lost his place 
because he knew what he was going to say.

"At the people that you what?" she asked, curiously.

"Never mind, Ryoko. Just forget about it," he said, trying to quickly 
cover up his true feelings for her.

"No, Tenchi! I want to know, so tell me!" she begged, fiercely.

"Ryoko, it's not a big deal," he said.

"Well, it is to me! So, spit it out already!" she growled.

"Fine, Ryoko. I tend to snap at the people whom I love. There, are you 
happy now?" he asked, annoyed.

Ryoko just looked at him. She opened her mouth to say something, but 
shut it immediately.

'He loves me. He said that he loves me,' she thought, almost in a daze.

Tenchi sighed. "Ryoko, I'm sorry I snapped at you again."

Ryoko shook herself out of her daze and flashed him a brilliant smile. 
"That's quite alright, my Tenchi."

Tenchi smiled gently at her and asked, "So, do you forgive me for what 
I hastily said earlier?"

Ryoko nodded. "Yes, Tenchi. I do."

Tenchi sighed happily and said, "That's good."

"Tenchi?" she said.

"Yes, Ryoko?" he asked.

"I'm ready for that kiss that you were so willing to bestow upon me 
earlier," she giggled, lightly.

Tenchi's face flushed. "Umm.are you sure that you want a kiss? I mean, 
I can give you flowers instead."

Ryoko pouted. "You wouldn't be trying to back out of it? Now would 
you?"

Tenchi looked at her nervously and said, "I suppose not."

"Good," she said.

"Umm.Ryoko?" said Tenchi.

"Yes?" she asked.

"Who's going to fix my mother's kimono?" he asked.

Ryoko looked at the ripped sleeves and said, "Washu could probably do 
it. Wait.scratch that. I know she can do it."

Tenchi let out a sigh of relief and then asked, "Umm.do you want me to 
kiss you now?"

Ryoko grinned slyly. "Now's a better time than ever."

Tenchi walked over to her and sat down next to her on the floor. He 
pulled her into a gentle embrace, whispering these three words into her 
ear, "I love you."

Ryoko looked up at Tenchi and said, "I know. You told me before, but I 
love hearing you say it because I love you too."

Tenchi looked at her and smiled even wider than before. He gently 
cupped Ryoko's face in his hands as they both kissed each other for the 
first time, but certainly not the last time.




End




A/N: I hope you guys enjoyed this. I have writer's block for the story 
To Rule Or To Love right now, so I'm doing this in order to keep me 
busy in the mean time. Ja ne!



