
Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo! and all original characters therein belong to Pioneer 
and AIC.  Intergalactic is copyright The Beastie Boys and Grand Royal Records.  
I have no original musical talent, so I must parody.  Thank you, drive through.

Author's Notes: I have decided to take a break from "Tenchi Muyo!: War and 
Peace" to do this here songfic.  It is, obviously, a parody of the already goofy 
Beastie Boys "Intergalactic", off "Hello Nasty".  So sit back and enjoy.  Oh, 
and Diabolo, I await your challenge.

I also HIGHLY suggest you play the actual song in the background while reading 
this, it works very well.  Having seen the video for it also helps.

"INTERGALACTIC"

A SONGFIC BY: IAN SAGAT

(NOTE: All words in caps are louder and yelled by all three characters)

A giant monster rockets down from the sky and lands in the streets of Tokyo.  It 
begins to destroy everything in sight! Enter Giant-Mecha-Washu and her crew, 
Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka, dressed in bright yellow and green Japanese 
construction outfits!  Let the battle begin, and let the bass kick!

(Giant-Mecha-Washu in a distorted robot voice):

Intergalactic, Planetary, Planetary, Intergalactic
Intergalactic, Planetary, Planetary, Intergalactic
Intergalactic, Planetary, Planetary, Intergalactic
Intergalactic, Planetary, Planetary, Intergalactic 
Another dimension, another dimension, another dimension, another dimension
Another dimension, another dimension, another dimension, another dimension

(Tenchi, while busting robot-dance moves in a subway station)

Well, now, don't you tell me to CHOOSE, 
You've never lived a single day in my SHOES,
Got girlfriends that like to hit the BOOZE,
Maybe it's because I act like a SHMOOZE,
LOSE MY MIND, I said, it always makes cringe when I hear those FIVE,
>From the Seto Bridge out to JURAI,
I'll run away from them 'till the very last MILE!

(Ryoko, in slow motion)

Well if you battle me then you'll get FRIED,
People always say my hair is WILD,
I've got GALL, I've got style (STYLE),
Too bad Nobuyuki's a pedo-PHILE!

(Ayeka, pushing her aside)

If you wanna battle you're in DENIAL,
Blowin' up Jurai, that got me RILED,
Gonna put your blue-haired ass on TRAIL,
And cast your tail into EXILE!

(Giant-Mecha-Washu in a distorted robot voice):

Intergalactic, Planetary, Planetary, Intergalactic
Intergalactic, Planetary, Planetary, Intergalactic

The battle continues, Giant-Mecha-Washu taking a bad hit from the monster and 
falling into a building.  Just then a spaceship flies by and strafes the 
monster, knocking it to the ground!

(Tenchi again)

Mihoshi and Kiyone, that's our TEAM,
Crash into the planet disrupt the whole SCENE,
One is ditzy and the other is KEEN,
The blonde likes her sugar with coffee and CREAM!

(Ryoko)

When I'm goin' after Tenchi, well I'm goin' FULL STEAM,
I'm sweet and I'm sour, I'm nice and I'm MEAN,
On the weak girl style I'm not too KEEN,
To get my love, I'm gonna plot and SCHEME!

(Ayeka)

Ryoko likes to think that she's the queen (QUEEN),
Gonna shoot her ass with a laser beam (BEAM),
Gonna marry Tenchi 'cause that's my dream (DREAM),
Gonna do things in leather that'll make him SCREAM!

(Ryoko)

When it comes to envy, y'all is GREEN,
Jealous of my breast size, 36 D,
I've got the best bod in the GALAXY,
INTERGALACTIC, PLANETARY!

(Giant-Mecha-Washu in a distorted robot voice):

Intergalactic, Planetary, Planetary, Intergalactic
Intergalactic, Planetary, Planetary, Intergalactic
Intergalactic, Planetary, Planetary, Intergalactic
Intergalactic, Planetary, Planetary, Intergalactic

The battle continues, Giant-Mecha-Washu firing missiles at the stunned monster, 
who then explodes into a million bits.

(Tenchi)

>From the family tree Earth and JURAI,
All these women love me but I don't know WHY,
Ayeka has logs and Ryoko FLIES,
Kiyone just yells and Mihoshi CRIES!

(Ryoko)

I am known to hate the cops (COPS),
But I think those G.P. chicks are tops (TOPS),
Tenchi works on the carrot crops (CROPS),
And Sasami is known to make her meals...hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ROOOCK!

(Sasami, dressed as Pretty Sammy, comes out of nowhere)

When I am Tsunami I can't be STOPPED,
When I cook soup I use dry STOCK,
At the dinner table I start to CHOP,
I'm a super cook I am on TOP!
If you try to top me you'll get MOCKED,
I'll stir fry you in my WOK,
The world will start shakin' and it won't STOP,
When Tsunami decides it's time to ROCK!

(Giant-Mecha-Washu in a distorted robot voice):

Intergalactic, Planetary, Planetary, Intergalactic
Intergalactic, Planetary, Planetary, Intergalactic
Intergalactic, Planetary, Planetary, Intergalactic
Intergalactic, Planetary, Planetary, Intergalactic

Our four weird-looking superheroes jump aboard the triumphant Giant-Mecha-Washu 
and blast off into space, as the music scratches and comes to a halt.

(All)

Screw it!















 



