All "Tenchi Muyo" references are copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer LD. 
This is an amateur, non-commercial story which is not produced, 
approved of, or in any way sponsored by the holders of the 
trademarks/copyrights from which this work is derived, nor is it 
intended to infringe on the rights of these holders. And so it goes.

I SCREAM, YOU SCREAM
By Jeff Morris (jeffreysmorris@aol.com)

The minute Katsuhito Masaki saw his grandson approaching the shrine, he 
knew that there had been trouble, most likely with the girls. The droop 
of Tenchi's shoulders, the tired, reluctant dragging of his feet, and 
the expression on the boy's face were unmistakable clues that once 
again he'd been caught in the middle of the never-ending catfight for 
sole possession of his heart. Katsuhito hid his smile and sat down on 
the steps, waiting. 

"Grandpa," Tenchi said, flopping down beside the old man.

"Tenchi." Katsuhito nodded politely. "Is everything all right?"

"I wish." The boy sighed audibly. "Grandpa, why is it, whenever I try 
to do something nice for those two and be fair about it, it always ends 
up in a huge mess?"

"Why don't you tell me what happened?" Katsuhito had a feeling this was 
going to be one of the better ones.

"Well…" Tenchi began. "You know how hot it's been. I thought that ice 
cream sounded really good after working in the fields this afternoon, 
and so I asked Ayeka and Ryoko if they'd like to go into town with me. 
I wanted to be fair." The way he said the last sentence was a pretty 
desperate plea for consent; Katsuhito nodded sagely and let the boy 
continue. "Well, they kind of glared at one another, but I guess they 
figured that it was better than me asking one over the other, so we got 
into the car and drove into Kurashiki.

"Everything was fine. It was a nice day for a drive, and the girls were 
being pretty civil for a change. I mean, I've told them repeatedly that 
I don't appreciate the fighting and arguing, and they've both been 
working hard at it—especially Ryoko. I haven't had to fix the roof or 
walls in two weeks, you know?"

"Go on," Katsuhito said.

"Okay, so we get to the store and go in. Being a gentleman, I let them 
choose first. Ryoko chose Rocky Road like always, and Ayeka wanted some 
mint chip, which is pretty standard for her. So then the girl behind 
the counter asks me what I want, and all of a sudden I feel two pairs 
of eyes on me.

"I'm looking at the ice cream, trying to decide. Ryoko says, 'Tenchi, 
you should pick something exciting and original. Try Rocky Road or Pink 
Lemonade.' And then Ayeka jumps in and goes, 'I'm sure Tenchi would 
prefer something gentle and pleasing.' Meanwhile, I've pretty much 
narrowed it down to vanilla or chocolate, and I say something along 
those lines."

"I see."

"So then Ryoko starts bugging me to select chocolate, that it's dark 
and mysterious and all that. Ayeka gets mad and growls at Ryoko to back 
off, that she thinks I should pick vanilla, which is soft and delicate 
and pale, not harsh and brutish like chocolate. And the next thing I 
know, they're squaring off, arguing over which I'd like more, chocolate 
or vanilla."

Katsuhito coughed politely, the better to cover an escaping chuckle.

"Ryoko makes this snide comment about vanilla being bland and prissy. 
Ayeka comes back with something about chocolate being disruptive and 
unrefined. Ryoko yells that vanilla is stuck-up and fit only for old 
maids, and Ayeka screams that chocolate is the product of dried up old 
demon women, and then…"

"Yes?" Katsuhito asked.

Tenchi sighed and rolled his eyes. "And then Ryoko smashed her cone 
into Ayeka's forehead. Right smack on the tiara. The next thing I know, 
Ayeka's using her guardians to immobilize Ryoko, and before I can stop 
her Ayeka's opened Ryoko's blouse and has smashed her scoop of ice 
cream right between….uh…" Tenchi blushed furiously and looked away 
before continuing. "And then she closed the blouse back up and pressed 
her hand down so that the ice cream would smear…"

"I get the idea."

"I was so embarrassed I left without getting anything," Tenchi 
confessed miserably. "I made them get cleaned up and drove them back 
home, and then I came up here. Grandpa," he said, looking up at 
Katsuhito, "why did they act like that? Over ice cream, of all things?"

God help me, Katsuhito thought. Tenchi is either more innocent or more 
clueless than I'd ever suspected. "Tenchi," he said carefully, "perhaps 
you should consider the subtext of the conversation."

"Huh?"

"Ayeka is very proud of her skin. What words have you heard her use to 
describe it?"

"Uhh…soft, pale, delicate…oh."

"Exactly. And Ryoko is rather exotic, exciting and original, you must 
admit. If nothing else, there's rarely a dull moment when she's 
around." Katsuhito allowed himself a small smile. "Tenchi, right or 
wrong, perhaps Ayeka and Ryoko were comparing your selection of ice 
cream to a decision you must someday make between the two of them. Do 
you understand?"

"But…but it was just ice cream!" Tenchi protested.

"To you, perhaps. To them it was a symbol of the rivalry between them. 
Now, what can you do to show them a better way?"

"I could stop taking them for ice cream," the boy muttered. 

Katsuhito cuffed the boy upside the head affectionately. "Think again, 
Tenchi." When no answer was immediately forthcoming, the old man sighed 
and shook his head. "The next time you take them for ice cream…pick 
chocolate with vanilla ribbon."

"I don't like that flavor," Tenchi said.

"That's not the point!" 

"Geez, Grandpa, you don't have to yell."

Katsuhito coughed and regained his composure. "My apologies, Tenchi. 
What I am saying is, by choosing a combination—a merging—of the two 
flavors, perhaps the girls will understand that you appreciate each of 
them in different ways, and that when they work together, the sum is 
far greater than the parts."

"You really think so, Grandpa?"

"I'm sure of it, Tenchi."

"Okay. I'll remember that. Thanks, Grandpa!" As the boy ran to the 
stairs leading back to the house, Katsuhito nodded to himself, pleased 
with the wisdom of his advice. Perhaps Ryoko and especially Ayeka, who 
was raised with two mothers, would see the wisdom in a symbol such as 
chocolate with vanilla ribbon…

On the other hand, he thought worriedly, they might just see it as 
another manifestation of the boy's indecisiveness.

"Oh well," Katsuhito said to himself as he rose to his feet. "Time will 
tell."

* * * * *

Four days later, Katsuhito spotted Tenchi approaching, again with the 
despondent, hangdog look that was associated with the Ayeka-Ryoko 
battles. "Tenchi," the old man said in greeting. "What's wrong?"

"Well, I offered to take them for ice cream again, provided they didn't 
make a mess like last time," the boy said miserably. "And everything 
was going fine, and I was just about ready to order chocolate with 
vanilla ribbon like you suggested, when I saw something I liked better. 
So I ordered it instead, and they yelled and screamed at me all the way 
back home.

"Really? What did you select?"

Tenchi looked down at his feet and sighed. "Blue raspberry…"
