I just can't leave this one alone! ^_^

Disclaimer:  If I owned these characters they would probably tear 
down the fourth wall and kick my ass.  As it is, I'm still 
looking behind me for fear they are going to be coming for me any 
time soon.  May I present:

It Just Keeps Getting Worse and Worse

Rumiya arose from the rubble, his hair charred, his clothes 
fried.  He clutched his left arm, blood flowing freely from a 
deep gash, yet not his only wound, as various cuts and burns were 
quite evident all over his body.

He blinked some blood and crud out his eyes and surveyed the 
battlefield of Mars around him.

The others had begun to struggle weakly to their feet, not one of 
them unscathed from the battle with Lord Zed's monster.  
Apparently he had not deigned fight two magical girls and the two 
boy protectors himself, figuring they were of no real threat to 
him.

He'd be hard pressed to argue with right at this moment.  Still, 
they wouldn't go down without a fight, oh no, never without a 
fight.

"You alright, Misao?"

Pixy Misa returned to an en guard position and glanced at him.  
"Never better."

Her bravado, though admirable, wouldn't be enough to carry this 
day.  He could see that she knew this, as she looked into his 
eyes...for quite possibly the final time.

<Damn, so little time.> he thought to himself in regret.  Yet he 
wouldn't regret fighting with her, and to die like this...with 
her, he wouldn't have it any other way.

Though to be honest he'd rather not die at all.

He saw Ryo-ohki, his long time friend rise unsteadily to his feet 
and lash out with a beam of power at the walking monstrosity?  
Well, even though she looked like she was based on a 
scorpion...she was certainly one hot looking lady.

Damn Zed, that he could pervert even this beautiful woman into an 
instrument of evil, was unforgivable!  Though he really didn't 
hold out the hope that they could do anything about it.

As he expected, it didn't even phase her.  In the background, 
enjoying the show, Lord Zed laughed at so weak a defense.  "You 
pitiful fools.  Is this the best your worlds could send against 
me?"

<Can't any of these bad guys come up with any better dialogue?>  
Rumiya wondered.  Though Zed did have a point.  Unless a miracle 
happened, they were all screwed.

"Feh!  I'm bored with this." He snapped irritably, in that 
synthesized voice of his.  "Finish them off Scorpina!"

Her cruel smile deepened at the command, and her sword was 
brought to ready, to deliver the final blow to the defenders of 
justice.  But before she even managed to move to enact her 
dreaded deed, a red blur slammed into her, knocking her on her 
back with enough force to cause her to skid several feet and 
imbed her into a nearby hill.

And you could almost hear the background music done by The Mighty 
Raw.

Pretty Sami blinked, trying to focus on the shock of spiked Cyan 
hair the person that had saved them, sported.  "Oryo-san?"

She chuckled and addressed Lord Zed, who gave her a slightly 
approving nod.  "So you are the one causing all this trouble.  
And while you might have us on the ropes now, I think it's time 
we put you in your place!"

Lord Zed matched her with an evil laugh of his own.  "You were 
good enough to take Scorpina by surprise, but as you can see she 
will soon recover, and has already practically defeated the 
children you sent to stop us.  What makes you think your presence 
will affect the outcome any?"

Oryo smirked.  "Just this."  She turned to the children she had 
just saved, and tossed each of them something black and 
rectangular.  "Washuu and Tsunami made those.  It should help 
even these odds."

They looked at what they had caught.

Apparently forgetting his injuries, Ryo-ohki jerked and his eyes 
widened.  "No.  There is NO WAY I'm doing THAT!"  His companions 
looked at him imploringly.  "I don't care!  I'm not doing it!"

"Well, you could always just get killed if you want."  Oryo told 
him.

"I think I'd rather be kill..."

Sasami turned her ultra cute, near begging voice specifically 
designed to melt the resistance of any male pride...it was 
especially potent on him.  "Please?"  He looked on the verge of 
denying her outright, despite that.  "Pretty PLEASE?"

Ryo-ohki glared at her, then strapped it on his wrist.

And as one the five of them raised their wrists to the heavens.  
"It's Morphing TIME!"

"Pink!" was Pretty Sami.

"Yellow!" was Pixy Misa.

"Blue!" was Rumiya.

"Green!" was Ryo-ohki.

"And Red!" was Oryo.

"We are the champions of justice!"  Pretty Sami shouted, 
performing a perfect pose, arms outstretched both in front and 
behind her, one knee bent and the other in what would be a 
painful stretch for a male behind her.

"We will protect those we love!" Pixy shouted, arms en guard, and 
one leg raised vertically to her side

"Don't you mess with us!"  Rumiya yelled, crouched on the ground, 
left fist before him embedded in the Martian dirt.

"Or we'll kick your ass."  Ryo-ohki said quietly, his own pose 
being a simple horse stance.  "I'm going to kill Tsunami and 
Washuu." he muttered under his breath, eliciting a slight glare 
from Oryo.

"We are..." Oryo started.

"THE BLUE SKY RANGERS!"  And the obligatory explosions behind 
them followed their joined pronouncement.

Lord Zed paled.  "Please no...NOT AGAIN!"

END.

Heh, all C&C go to kthardin@geocities.com
