It was a lonely Saturday Morning…

 It was a lonely Saturday morning; the Masaki residence was quiet and
peaceful. That's why when Tenchi woke up, he was very surprised.
    "Hmm, that's strange, there's always something happening in this
house…."
    He walked down the hall, expecting to hear Sasami humming something
while
she cooked, but by the time he got to the kitchen, there was no one there.
Everything was clean and put away, just as Sasami had put it the night
before.
    "Now that's really strange, Sasami never forgets breakfast, and I'm not
up that early or late" He checked the time just to make sure, 7:24. He
always
got up around now, if not earlier. He went to go check Sasami and Ayeka's
room, just in case they were still asleep or something. He knocked on there
door, but got no response, he tried again…..Nothing.
    "Miss Ayeka? Sasami?" No answer. He cracked the door open just a bit,
but
didn't see anyone in the beds; he opened it all the way. When he looked
inside, the beds were made perfectly, like nobody had slept in them at all.
All there stuff was put away, as if they had just cleaned up.
    "Okay you guys…it's not funny any more….." He half-yelled,
still….absolute quiet.
"Ha…okay.. I get it….you can come out now!!" Once again…..nothing. Now
he
could tell, this was no practical joke being played on him, something was
seriously wrong. He was starting to get this feeling like he was being
watched, by someone…or something.
 "Okay, calm down Tenchi…take a deep breath, you're just being paranoid,
calm down" He went back to his room and got Tenchi-Ken out, just in case. He
also put on some different clothes on, he wouldn't want to go find everyone
in a T-shirt, sweat-pants, and slippers. He decided first he'd check the
Lab,
maybe Washu was conducting some sorts of Multi-Person experiment
or…..something.  But, just as he had expected, Washu didn't answer her
door
when he knocked, her door wouldn't budge either, which means she hadn't
unlocked it yet. "Danm!, Where the hell is everyone?!"
He checked every door and every room, he even checked the Onsen, everybody
was nowhere to be found.
    "Okay Tenchi, now what?" He wiped off the sweat that had gathered on his
face, not from anything physical, oh no. This sweat was here because he was
scared, worried, upset, and anxious all at the same time. He decided he
might
as well check the shrine, I mean you never know right? So off he was, he ran
to the shrine, and I mean RAN, he was to worried about what was going on to
care about anything else, all that mattered was finding everybody. It's not
easy running up all those steps either.
On his way up he tripped, fell, slid and got 4-inch gash along  the left
side
of his neck. That didn't stop him though, he didn't feel the pain, he just
got right back up and kept running. He got to the shrine and stopped,
expecting everybody to be there, waiting for him…. But all he saw were the
leaves blowing across the ground and the shrine. Not even that cat that
meowed at him constantly was anywhere to be seen.
    He walked up to the shrine door, telling himself this was all a dream,
he
would open the door and Grandpa would be waiting for him, and asks "Where
have you been? You're late! Go sweep the walk!"
He opened the door, and he didn't find grandpa, instead he found the cat,
dead on the floor…and a pool of blood under it. "What the hell is going on
here…" He closed his eyes for a second, walked out the shrine, and closed
the door. The wind whistled around him and the leaves made a slight
"skidding" noise, every time the wind blew them. Only then did he feel a
something sticking to his chest and oozing down on his shirt, he looked down
to see blood staining the white shirt he'd put on and the gash that let the
blood flow in the first place. He ripped off the left sleeve of his shirt
and
held the fabric to the wound until he concentrated his power on that spot of
his body, and the wound closed. He threw down the bloody sleeve.
    The wind continued to whistle and once again, he felt somebody watching
him, this time though, he was sure of it. "Show yourself! I'm tired of
playing your game! Where is everyone?!" He looked around, expecting someone,
or something to come out of the shadows. When nobody came, he collapsed to
the ground and started crying.
    "Tenchi?" Ryoko's voice came.
    Tenchi was up in a second. "Ryoko? Is that you?" he could see no one.
    "Tenchi?" The voice asked again. Tenchi looked all around him, but still
did not see Ryoko.
    "Ryoko, where are you?"
    "Tenchi" The voice was more desperate this time.
"Ryoko! I'm right here…." Tenchi cried. There was no reponse after that
though, Ryoko's cries did not come again. Tenchi cried out in frustration,
it
wasn't fair, being able to hear the desperate cries of someone he loved and
not be able to answer them!
"Why is this happening?!!" He cried out as he sunk to his knees. He screamed
so hard that the cut on his neck opened up again, the blood once again ran
freely. He didn't even do anything about it, he just let the lifeblood seep
from his body. Then he got back up and sulked his way to the steps leading
back toward the house…there was nothing he could do.
    Even though the wound didn't let too much blood out, by the time he had
gotten half way down, he had lost quite a bit, most of the blood had dried
on
his clothing, but now there was a "trail" of his blood leading down the
steps, he didn't notice.
    Tenchi felt like he was losing his mind, he had no control over what was
happening, It was all caused by some higher power. Tenchi didn't care, he
could feel his grasp on reality slipping away from him, he couldn't even
feel
it when his body got to exhausted to walk and he just fell down the steps,
tumbling over and over. If you had been near him you would have heard a
couple of bones snap. When he finally came to a stop, he was a
blood-encrusted mess with bruises all over him and a severely fractured
right
arm.
All Tenchi did was lie there, realizing that he was dying, more mentally
then
physically, he knew he could still get up and continue on, but he also knew
it wasn't worth it. He could feel his friends and family getting murdered
right now, and he was helpless to do anything. Tenchi also felt it as his
last bit of strength left him, and his heart decided to stop and he died,
alone on the steps to his Grandfather's shrine, were nobody would ever find
him…ever.
                                    *   *   *

Disclaimer: Do I really need to put a disclaimer? Haven't you people read
enough of these danm things just to skip them? You haven't? Oh well..then I
don't own any part of Tenchi Muyo and probably never will, AIC and Pioneer
on
the other hand do, so talk to them about it…..what ever it is you want to
talk about that is, I mean……….

*   *   *
    Dear readers,
          This is the first fic I have written with out the help of my
co-writer (Rhys Doyle) ever. In other words, I did this all alone at 2:00 in
the morning. ALONE is a very important word in this fic, as you may be able
to tell. So since I was so lonely, I had it go through to my fic, make
sense?
    Did I tell you I was in a good mood the whole time I wrote this fic? I
was lonely, that's true, but…..for some reason I even laughed when I was
writing this fic….creepy kid ain't I?
    Oh and I don't know who "They" are, they're just some really evil people
or something. When you really think about it though you may realize that I
am
"them", I mean, I was controlling Tenchi's life in this fic was I not? You
know, if I were Tenchi, I would be really upset at all us Fanfic writers,
controlling his life like that……oh well, too frickin bad, huh Tenchi?
    Anyway, tell me what you think of my Fic and send all C&C to
Foxanime@AOL.com  All you feedback is very important to me, so please take
the 5 minutes or less out of your life to tell me what you think! Thanks!


*   *   *