Note: Takes place in the OAV Universe, but has Kiyone. This fic probably
sucks so read at your own risk.

“It’s Too Much for One Man” (Tenchi Speaks After Death)

By Treize_Peacecraft@hotmail.com

Can love be divided among six women?

Yes.

Equally?

No.

Then, why did you do it?

What?

Marry all six?

Well, a Juraian Prince……..

C’mon, don’t give me that bullshit!

I didn’t want to hurt any of them

But you ended up hurting them.

Yes……..

You got killed too.

But I didn’t know they wanted to do an…..uh..

You can’t say ‘one big orgy’?

Uh……welll...uh....

Didn’t you think it would be too much?

Well, I thought that I could ‘take’ it.

My, aren’t we cocky? Look, you may have had the ability to perform the light
hawk wings…

Hey! Don't..!

Do you know what you did to Ayeka, Ryoko, Mihoshi, Kiyone, Washu, and
Sasami?

I……

They’re all widows!

But I…….

Look, maybe if you just picked one…..you wouldn’t have hurt so many people.

Well…..uh….

It was bad enough that you picked Sasami! C’mon, you are such a pedo!

What?!

You heard me! She was only eight years old! Pedo! Pedo!

Hey! I didn’t want to hurt her feelings!

She's like a sister to you! You are such a pompous ass!

But she said.......

That’s still sick. She’s now a widow at eight. Don't try to defend yourself
with how Jurarians age slower than earth people...you're still acting like a
pedo! Don’t get me started on Kiyone! How the hell did she become one of
your wives. It makes no sense!

Now, that you mention it…it didn’t make sense. Why did I marry Kiyone? We’ve
never shown interest in each other? We’re like brother and sister….

Geez, it’s like Star Wars all over again….you know when Leia and Luke kiss
each other, then find out they’re brother and sister.

What?

Nevermind. And  what’s the deal with Washu? Man, she’s Ryoko’s mother!

Uh….I……..

Weren’t thinking, huh?

Well, uh…

You should've known that polagamy just won't cut it! Man, you are thw worst
of the worst!

Nani?

Do you know where we are, Tenchi?

In my afterlife now?

Yeah, do you know which part?

Uh….a higher place of existence?

Welcome to Hell!

Nooooooooooo!!!!

You shouldn’t have married all six, died of a huge orgy, and almost defile
Sasami!

Have mercy on me!

Sorry, you only get one chance.

But doesn’t Shinto……

You’re too good for Shinto, prepare to roast in hell!

*****

        “Aahhhhhhhhhh!!!” Tenchi woke up with a sweat. All six girls were
surrounding and Tenchi sweat dropped. “No………it can’t …….be”

        “Tenchi, are you alright?” Sasami looked at Tenchi with concern.

        “Where…am …I?” Tenchi said carefully.

        “You’re in bed.” Aeka replied. “Lord Tenchi, we were…”

        “Wh…ere?” Tenchi was being more cautious now.

        “Uhmm…..in the Masaki Household? After Grandpa  hit you on the head,
you
fell unconscious. ” Tenchi’s eyes widened. He was okay! He didn’t marry
anyone yet! It was all a dream. He remembered the sparring practice with his
grandpa. His grandpa struck him when he wasn't paying attention!

        “Yes!” Tenchi jumped up in the air, surprising the girls.

        “Is something wrong, Tenchi?” Ryoko wrapped his arms around Tenchi,
which
caused Tenchi to be a little nervous. He didn't want any fights now. He
would have to fix it again like...ah..nevermind.

        “Uhmm..Ryoko…maybe you should…uh…ah…” Tenchi then froze. Shouldn’t
Ayeka
stop Ryoko by now? Usually, she and Ryoko would get into a right. He looked
at Ayeka, who looked back at him with a puzzled look.

        “Tenchi? Is something wrong?” questioned Ayeka who was now more
curious
about Tenchi’s health

        “Yeah, Tenchi. You seem more nervous than usual.” Ryoko loosened her
grip
and flew next to Ayeka.

        “Oh, I’m fine. It’s just that you guys usually fight all the
time….hahaha”
Tenchi started chuckling.

        “Well, since you married all six of us this morning, we decided to
resolve
our differences,” replied Ayeka cheerfully.

        “That’s just great, you two…I….what?” Tenchi froze for the second
time
today.

        “Oh yeah, remember? We had the wedding on Earth. Everyone came.
Afterwards,
you wanted to spar with grandpa, which lead to….you being in bed.”

        “Does that mean….that this is the honeymoon?” All six girls nod
curiously.
Tenchi slowly got out of bed and then ran out the door.

        “Oh my, look how fast he runs.” Ayeka commented as Tenchi ran out of
the
house, laughing hysterically yet screaming at the same time.

        “NOOOOOOOOOO!” Tenchi screamed as he ran out of the house.

The End?

        This is a fic I wrote up in my spare time. I remember reading
stories where
Tenchi gets all six girls and well, stuff happens. They were totally
unrealistic and I think Tenchi should just choose one or two girls at
most.This is actually my first Tenchi fic in a way if you haven’t read my
crappy Cowboy Bebop/Tenchi Muyo! Story called “New Bounty!”

My E-Mail Address: treize_Peacecraft@hotmail.com

P.S. Down with Sasami Lemons! Then again, most of us are.