Tenchi Clan  (f/ Goddess Seedz, Jurai Zoo, and Ten-Syndicate)
Jewel's Parts 1 And 2

Skit:
Ryoko, Aeka, Nagi, Ramia, and Achika have some guy in a Chinese uniform;
with a black hair in a pony-tail.  They're treatening to "blast him" when
Ryoko gets an angered Aeka's attention and...

Someone from down the alleyway walks toward them.  The girls start 
"panickin'" and runnin' for their lives.  And said person in the alleyway
is like...

Washuu:  HUH??!!

But then she finishes off the Chinese guy for them...  ^_^

-=**=-

Part 1

Aeka	Inspector Deck	Aeka The Highness

I bomb atomically, and my philosophy's like
Prophecy.  Wake you up like a cup of coffee
Behold, it's the finest when we multiply
Aeka the Highness, blessed to electrify

Ryoko	Method Man	Demon Caller

The dope rap singer, maybe second stringer
Demon Caller, still wave with her middle finger
The world-turn spreads like germ, I hard rock with the
Pestilence.  The hard-headed never learn

Tenchi	Eminem		TMD

I spread across the canvas with advancement
Hand sandwiches didn't like the way I planned it
You wanted to battle-rap, but you still couldn't handle
The large bag of Cannabis.  CHECK!!

Mihoshi		Ghostface Killer	Mihosh Face Killah

Eyo, for real dog.  Light me up another one of them
Tenchi Killah Bee singles.  My girl is like:
"Watch it with that bee stinger!"  I'll send ya
To ya death bed with the rose-red coffin.

Kiyone	Chef Raekwon		Chef Kiyone

Hey chill, don.  Powers that be empower me
Let the kids do better than the Earth and the God, boo.
Style is similar to cinema, screw being criminal
Pigeons and scrubs shout "Gimme Love!"

Washuu		Rza	Queen Crab

We Ten-soldiers move like "Green Hornets," Yellow Jackets
Make me wanna grab an axe, the lyrical lumberjack
Crab ya style when I dance with "Red Lobsters"
Wanna-be mobsters and pimps I turn shrimps

Sasami		Genius		Pretty Genius

The Sammy don't get mad 'cause it's a waste of time
Rather flip on some dope beat and hook 'em on the line
Broken hearts mended, no one's offended
As I attack with this style that I invented

Pixy Misao	Cappadonna	Pixydonna

I'm caught in the catalog, I'm international
Pixydon showin' you love, hon.  Actual
Fact state: "Ridin' the darts is like a norm."
Camouflage Ten-fashion is what they're askin'

Nagi	Master Killer	Bounty Killah

The track that surrenders to no one and hits with
Multiple stab wounds whenever I attack this hit
Specially trained for tight situations
So many nations under one Goddess

Sakuya		U-God	U-Goddess

The Japanese C.R.E.A.M. Team, rap's undisputed
Clean up the minds of those who were polluted
Make you get off you butt, run down the street
With the torch flaming.  We burn so sweet

Tsunami		Killer Priest	Killer Priestess

I'm burning the incense, my intent
Is to keep you in the distance in sixpence
My job is my infant, and if you step up
I'll smack you in an instant

-=**=-

Part 2

Mitsuki		La The Darkman		Lady Dark

The darkness slaughtered your team who had the rocket
I socked it, puttin' more money in your pocket
My motto is: "Money, men, lands, and lessons"
I blessed it, met Mr. Smith 'cause I'm Wesson

Trakal		Streetlife	Streetz

I'm mackin' at the staircase when I'm Scarface
Most think that "crime pays," but not on my case
Four blocks to the club, rockin' the pubs
While y'all wanna-be thugs get hit with the mugs

Achika		Prodigal Sunn	Prodigy

Your man's actin' up, I thought I'd smack 'em up
And use the same group that he thought back 'em up
Where ya weapons at?  Haven't seen 'em since
Wanna see some idols?  There it is!  I'm convinced

Mayuka		Hell Raiser	Heck Raizah

We keep 'em searchin', eternal lost lurkin'
Put you to workin', "Beam 'em up, Captain Kirkin'"
Keep you kids from gettin' hurt, then
Some bad Pokemon drove you beserkin'

Chihiro		60 Second Assassin	60 Second Singer

"It's been a long time."  It hurts what you done to me an' my
Birth-son.  Sixty Second Singer still the one
Who will be the next to go?  Is it Nadesico
Or will it be San Francisco?  Back to disco

Ramia		Buddha Monk        Shao Lynn Monk
     
It's cold in the city when I comes with the blade
I'll slash you delinquents who dropped before tenth grade
Start to lose focus like out-of-town locust
My "Fist of White Lotus" is somewhat of a bonus

Rumiya		12 o'Clock	Birda Prey

Strike on you stuff like a hawk, consider me gifted
I'll sendin' ya home before Christmas
An' you can tell the Fed-Ex man that Birda Prey sent 'em
I also went an' took his appendix

Haruna		Drunken Dragon	Lochness Monster

I "flame on," the fire-breathin' dragon sees your style saggin'
I dare you punks, continue braggin'
My new title is "cannibal," animal
From the Jurai Zoo, you don't have a clue

Matori		Mylansky	Matoransky

Me an' my crew lay low, layin' in the cut,  "What, sucka, what?"
Are you prepared to tear this club up?
So you're goin' where the shoe fits, you're holdin' your click
What ya got in your hand?  Yo, THAT'S MY HIT!!

Hotsuma		Joe Mafia	Hot Mafia

Suckers got two broke legs when they bootleg
Didn't learn the lessons of Earth, said it ain't worth
Plaque from bitin' the platinum.  Ask 'em
"Where they get the rap from, Jack?"  Then we smack 'em

Tsugaru		Napolean	Tsuuga

Those major "Chips Ahoy on Ice Capades"
He's goin' to Baha for some rays
But the cops rushed him, tryin' to go through US Customs
[HAA-HA-HA-HAA-HAA-HAA-HAA!!!]

-=**=-

Tenchi Muyo Universe by AIC/Pioneer
Wu-Tang Clan & Fam by Loud, Priority, Def Jam, Red Ant, Geffen,
Edel, Supreme Team, and MCA
Eminem by Aftermath/Interscope
Everything else by Shinji The 10 o'Clock Assassin