Just A Dream

A Tenchi Muyo! Fanfic by Keiichi Masaki

(Keiichi_dono@hotmail.com, Keiichi_dono@scifianime.com)



Tenchi and company are the property of Pioneer and AIC.





"Look! He's coming around!"

"Eh?" Tenchi Masaki sleepily opened one brown eye, to see a

pair of piercing blue ones staring down at him. "K… Kiyone-san?"

Kiyone snorted. "'Kiyone-san,' indeed. Is that anyway to

talk to your oldest sister?"

"Old--" Tenchi was confused for a moment, until reality

started to return. "So…" He looked up at Kiyone and grinned.

"Ohayoo, onee-chan."

Kiyone grinned and hugged him. "Welcome back, ototo-chan.

We were starting to worry." She gently knocked him on the back of

the head. "Don't you ever do anything that stupid again, not even to

impress a girl, d'ya hear me?"

"Onee-chan's right, Tenchi!" Mihoshi looked down at Tenchi,

her usual smile replaced by a stern expression (as stern as Mihoshi

can muster, that is ^^). "That car almost killed you!"

"All right, all right…" Tenchi grunted slightly as he sat up.

The door to the hospital room suddenly flew open. Sasami was

the first one through. "Onii-chan!" She literally threw herself onto

the bed and hugged Tenchi. "We were so worried!"

Ryoko and Ayeka were the next ones in the room, and, as

usual, took up positions on either side of Tenchi, starting to use

him in their neverending game of tug-of-war.

"Ne, onii-chan, you're gonna help me with baseball practice,

right?" coaxed Ryoko.

"He most certainly is not!" protested Ayeka. "Onii-sama will

be helping me rehearse for my play--right, onii-sama?"

Washu was the last one in the room, and she was doing her

best to look like the scientist she wanted to be. "Onii-chan, can I

take some blood samples?"

"Time to go, girls!" Nobuyuki entered the room. "Give your

brother a chance to recover a little first before dragging him back

into things!"

"Otoo-chan…" the six Masaki sisters whined as one.

"Listen to your father, my dears," Achika chided gently,

stepping up to her husband's side. "Your brother needs his rest. We

can come and see him after dinner."

"All right, okaa-chan," they chorused.

Nobuyuki looked slightly bemused. "How come they never

question you, Achi-chan?"

"Because, anata, I'm the mother, and mother knows

everything." Achika walked over to her son and kissed his forehead.

"Welcome back, Tenchi-chan."

"Arigato, kaa-chan, oyaji."

Nobuyuki patted his son on the shoulder. "We'll be back

after dinner, son. Relax till then." He grinned. "If you want, we

can even bring Sakuya-chan with us…"

Tenchi actually blushed.

"I thought you'd like that. We'll see you soon, Tenchi."

His parents left the room --and returned a few moments later to pull

their daughters out, who were taking their time saying "good bye" to

their brother.

"Ahh…" Tenchi relaxed into the mattress once more. "So…

everything was a dream…"

