Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
==========
Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns these characters, I don't.

Author's notes:  This was originally just a stupid idea that somehow
made its way into my mind.  Who knows my motto?  No idea is left
unattended.  So, here I am.  Someone shoot me.

Tenchi Muyo:  Just one?

Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com

==========

        It started like a day like any other for Ryo-Ohki.  Waking up Sasami,
and then going down to breakfast.  Unfortunately, that's where the usual
day ended.

        Today, Tenchi, Ayeka, and Ryoko are heading into town in order to sell
some of their home-grown produce.  With a variety of vegetables to sell,
including lettuce, tomatoes, potatoes, and other veggies, they think
they'll get a lot of money.

        Ryo-Ohki, yet to have a carrot, sees this array on the table.  Hopping
up, she looks for her breakfast.

        "Ryo-Ohki!" Tenchi says, "these aren't yours.  These are for the market
in town."

        Holding up a single digit, "meow?" she whines.

        "Not just one," Ryoko says.  "We can make a lot of money off these."

        Ryo-Ohki, upset, runs off.

        "That was a bit harsh of us, wasn't it?" Tenchi asks.

        "She's gotta learn," Ryoko states.  "She can't have everything she
wants."

        Depressed, and still hungry, Ryo-Ohki runs to Sasami.  Seeing her in
the kitchen, Ryo-Ohki sees a lone carrot stem hanging off the end of the
counter.  Jumping up to the counter, she just misses it as Sasami starts
to chop it up.  Ryo-Ohki just watches in horror as it's dropped into the
stew.

        Sasami, seeing her visior, "oh, did you want that?  I'm sorry.  I
didn't see you."

        "Meow?"

        "Sorry, that was the last one.  You'll have to wait until Tenchi gets
back."

        Hopping to the floor, the cabbit hops away.  Heading out into the
living room, she sees that Tenchi and the girls are gone.  Turning, she
sees the lab door next to her.  "Meow!" she says.

        Walking through her own door, Ryo-Ohki sees Washu typing away as usual.
"Meow?" she says.

        Turning, "oh, it's you," she says cheerfully.  Pulling out a carrot
from who knows where, "look what mama's got!"

        As Ryo-Ohki walks over to Washu, Ryo jumps from behind her and snags
the carrot in her jaw.  Bounding off, she leaves Ryo-Ohki and Washu
behind.  Ryo-Ohki just looks at Washu pleadingly.  "Meow?" she cries.

        Washu looks for another carrot, but to no avail.  "I'm sorry, Ryo-Ohki.
That was my last one.  Maybe Sasami has one for you."

        "Meow." she says negatively.

        "Tenchi?"

        "Meow."

        "Then, I don't know.  I'm sorry."

        Ryo-Ohki walks out of the lab, still hungry.  Sitting against the wall,
she starts to whine a bit.

        "Hungry?" says a familiar voice.

        Looking up, she sees Misa crouching down in front of her.  "Meow?"

        Holding up a carrot, "I saw what Ryo did.  That was just plain cruel."

        "Meow," Ryo-Ohki agrees.

        "So, here you go.  And don't worry about Ryo.  She won't try that
again."

         "Meow!" she says, graciously.  Taking a small bite, Ryo-Ohki decides
to enjoy this one.

-end-