"KiYo, Not the Life"
(This is the first of the song remakes im working on. Original lyrics by
KoRn, Tenchi cast by Pioneer.)

A huge stage stands before you. The background is a large metal cage,
stuffed
with screaming fans. The band files out on stage. Tenchi, in a "wife beater"
and black jeans, takes a seat behind the drums. Ryoko, in a basket ball
jersey and baggy pants, follows swining a bass. Mihoshi, hair all in braids
and wearing a prison jumpsuit, walks out with a guitar. And next to Mihoshi
comes Ayeka, dressed in a black button down shirt and pants slightly more
fitting than Ryokos.

Finaly comes the main attraction to the microphone. Kiyone, clothed in what
appears to be a kilt and jacket with pyramid studs on the sleves. She grabs
the mike, looks around, and signals for the band to begin.

The music rips thru the air like a knife, shaking the entire arena. KIyone
begins:

"Hate, that girl, all times, always,
someone to kick out the back door.
Her? A waste, inside.
I'll never ever follow.
So give.. me.. some.. one.. that.. is.. for.. real.
I'll never ever follow.
Get your boogie on...
Hate, that girl, always, each day, dealing with no no brain.
Why? This ditz with me.
Now lets hope the GP knows why.
So give.. me.. some..on.. with.. brains.
And better things will follow.
God pains me, the more I'm with the blonde, why is she with me?
God hates me, This is not the life, I asked for...
God pains me, the more I'm with this blonde, why is she with me?
God hates me, This is not the life, I asked for...
Each day her head is hollow, this bimbo that they gave to me.
I don't like her ditzy ways.
Each day her head so hollow, inside something,
You will never see, so come dance with me.
Dance with me
Rumbiddieboo
Rum bum dee dum dee bum diddie doo
WHY!
God pains me, the more I'm with the blonde, why is she with me?
God hates me, This is not the life, I asked for...
God pains me, the more I'm with this blonde, why is she with me?
God hates me, This is not the life, I asked for...
Not the life.
Not... the... life.

As Kiyone finishes she sinks to the ground, practicaly bawling with the rage
shes releeased. Mihoshi walks over, and examines the fallen officer,
"Kiyone?
Kiyone? Are you ok?".

Kiyone jsut gets up, pushes her away, and stoms off stage.

The crowd is going wild.

(Part one, complete. Look forward to other incarnations of familiar bands
and
songs in the near future)