				    The Song Says It All

		   A series of Tenchi-Muyo! songfics, by Keiichi Masaki
			       (keiichi_dono@hotmail.com)

	Tenchi and company are the property of Pioneer and AIC.

	Profile #1:  Kiyone Makibi
	Song:  “Sailing” by Christopher Cross
	(Music and Lyrics by Christopher Cross, from the album of the
	same name.  Copyright 1980 BMG Songs.)

	(Prologue:  It’s been a long day for Kiyone and Mihoshi.  They are on their futons
 in their little apartment.  Mihoshi is already asleep, snoring gently in her Mihoshi-ish way.  
Kiyone is curling up, trying to relax, for she and Mihoshi have to get up  
in seven or eight hours.  Finally, she snuggles into her pillow, closes her eyes, 
 and starts to dream.
	Change of scene to a calm sea, within sight of a tropical island.  
Kiyone, dressed for the climate (yum!), is lounging on the deck of a small sailboat.  
She has a small boom box propped up next to her, and the music starts playing.  
As she recognizes the opening chords, she starts to sing along:)	
	
	It's not far down to paradise
	At least it's not for me
	And if the wind is right you can sail away
	And find tranquility
	The canvas can do miracles
	Just you wait and see
	Believe me

	It's not far to never never land
	No reason to pretend
	And if the wind is right you can find the joy
	Of innocence again
	The canvas can do miracles
	Just you wait and see
	Believe me

	Sailing
	Takes me away
	To where I've always heard it could be
	Just a dream and the wind to carry me
	And soon I will be free

	(As Kiyone sings along with the song, she starts to feel a great sense of peace.  
The song is right, being out here, all alone, on the sea, is calming her nerves.
Her annoyance towards Mihoshi is ebbing.  Her fears of being trapped on this backwater 
globe for the rest of her career are, for the moment, shelved.  
For the first time in a very long time, she feels....content.  Happy.)

	Fantasy 
	It gets the best of me
	When I'm sailing
	All caught up in the reverie
	Every word is a symphony
	Won't you believe me

	Sailing
	Takes me away
	To where I've always heard it could be
	Just a dream and the wind to carry me
	And soon I will be free

	(During the instrumental break, Kiyone watches the sunset, a beautiful tropical sunset. 
Much to her surprise, she is filled with a childlike glee.  The quiet serenity of the setting is 
very soothing.  This is all I need to be happy, she thinks.  Just a little peace and quiet.
And now, I know how to get it....)

	It's not far back to sanity
	At least it's not for me
	And when the wind is right you can sail away
	And find serenity
	The canvas can do miracles
	Just you wait and see
	Believe me

	Sailing
	Takes me away
	To where I've always heard it could be
	Just a dream and the wind to carry me
	And soon I will be free....

	(Cut back to their apartment.  The clock reads 2:45 a.m., about four hours before 
they’ll need to get up.  Kiyone is hugging her pillow and sleeping--and smiling.)

	Author’s notes:  This is intended to be the first in a series of songs 
(non-anime songs) that reflect the characters.  I chose Kiyone first because 
she is my all-time favorite anime girl (if there was a real Kiyone, I would marry her) 
and because trying to think of the appropriate song for her kept me up till one this morning.  
Kiyone’s not very easy to write for where music is concerned.  
My original concept was "A Tenchi Muyo Tribute to Gershwin!", but after thinking it over,
 I couldn’t find songs of theirs that would fit each character.  
The reason this one fits Kiyone is because it’s about something 
that she longs for: peace, serenity.The person in the song found those things by sailing, 
by placing himself in a place of solitude and quiet, a place to gather one’s thoughts 
and relax, and let oneself regain the strength to face the world. 
It is my hope that the good people at Pioneer will one day see fit 
to send a little Kiyone’s way.

	Coming soon!  Washu’s profile (no, the song will NOT be "She Blinded Me With 
	Science!")
	
	"....there is no one who does not carry scars on his heart. If there were 
	such a person in the world, he would be a shallow soul."
	--Hiei, Poltergeist Report: Yu Yu Hakusho

	The address for C&C is at the top.
