Letters to the Future

Disclaimer:  Okay...lesse...I don't own the Tenchi
Muyo(!) charachters.  Obviously.  I co-own the
chibi-s.  And that's about it.  Thanks.

        It was a rainy day, but the Chibi-s didn't care.
They chose this day for training.  And so, as the
Chibi-s trained the others in their best skills (like
Chibi-Ryoko was training sword fighting) Washu decided
to take this time to find a little more out about the
albiet short visitors.
        She snuck through the hallways, untill she found the
right closet.  The same one that she had changed into
a room just yesterday.  She slipped through the door
and started to sift through the bags and the closets.
A piece of paper carrying sloppy handwriting caught
her eye.  She snatched it up and began to read-

Dear Washu-
        It's been months now and still no word from you.
Chibi-Washu says that if we don't hear from you, we
must find a way to get to you.  So, how is Tenchi?
        We've been doing as you said.  If we don't hear from
you in two days, Chibi-Washu is going to transport us
to the past.  Personally, it frightens me.  I don't
want to go to such a barbarous time.  But you will be
there, and I can fulfill my duties as guardian.  I'll
watch him, don't you worry.  Tenshi's safe with me.
        There was a reason for that, wasn't there?  A reason
that you asked me to watch him...?  I can see it in
your eyes.  You love him, don't you?
        Ah, it is no matter.  It is none of my business,
anyways.  Nope.  None at all.
        The Plasma are moving again.  But I needn't tell you
that.  They are always moving.  But a whole regiment
seems to have vanished into thin air.  Very
disturbing, don't you think?  Only I have worse news.
Chibi-Washu seems to have tracked them.  Seems they
have gone into the past.  That is where we are going.
        I'm writing this letter in my off time.  In a few
short hours, I must return to the battle field and
finght the one war that we may loose.  I won't
disguise it.  I don't believe that we can win.  But my
loyalty is, as it has always been, unwavering.
        The other Chibi-s are doing well.  We have our
differences, but we always work them out.
        Give my regards to everyone.

                                        Sincerely-
                                                Chibi-Kione

        Chibi-Washu smiled and placed the paper in her
pocket.  It was a valueble clue, but now she knew that
she had nothing to fear from the Chibi-s.