"Little Washu's Laboratory"
By jockomegane@cs.com

SUMMARY: Ryoko sings a little song about "The Draft".

LOCATION: Misc archive.

DISCLAIMER:  I don't own Tenchi Muyo, or the song this story is inspired by.

Pioneer and AIC owns Tenchi, and Arlo Guthrie owns "Alice's Restaurant
Massacre."  No copyright infringement intended.  This fanfic is an inspired
parody...or an uninspired rip-off of Mr. Guthrie's great song.  <shrug>  I
really don't know which.

AUTHOR'S NOTE: While reading it's probably a good idea to listen with your
mind's ear to the English dub voice of Ryoko provided by Petrea Burchard.

May the fatuous ass bless us!
_________________

<start smooth guitar music>

This song is called "Little Washu's Laboratory."  It's about Little Washu,
and the laboratory, but "Little Washu's Laboratory" is not the name of the
laboratory, that's just the name of the song.  That's why I call the song
"Little Washu's Laboratory."  But I am pretty sure that Washu calls her
laboratory simply thus...the laboratory.  And that's all right, seeing as
how
she's my mom.

You can get anything you want at Little Washu's Laboratory
You can get anything you want at Little Washu's Laboratory
Walk right in, it's just under the stairs
Just a few meters from my bedroom
You can get anything you want at Little Washu's Laboratory

Now it all started two Thanksgivings ago...two years ago, on Thanksgiving,
when my man and I went down to visit Washu in the laboratory.

Washu alternates between living in other parts of Tenchi's house and various

parts of the laboratory (which is located in another dimension) with her
creations, inventions, specimens, and her new boyfriend (did I mention
him?).

And livin' in the laboratory (sometimes) like that, Washu has got a lot of
room
all around, it's pretty much neverending!  So it's no surprise that Washu
decided that she didn't have to take out her garbage for a long time.

We got down there and found all the garbage in there (quite by accident) and

we decided that it'd be a friendly gesture for us to take the garbage out to

the local dump since we missed the garbage pick-up earlier in the week.

So we took half-a-ton of garbage, along with shovels and rakes and
implements
of destruction and I began phasing us back and forth between the laboratory
and the local dump.  Well, it was a lot of garbage, and we were pretty
occupied by it all...but after I phased in with the last load of garbage, my

man tapped me on the shoulder.  He pointed at a big sign on a chain across
the dump sayin' "This dump is closed on Thanksgiving," and we'd never heard
of a Japanese dump being closed on Thanksgiving before (it is, after all, an

American holiday) and with tears in our eyes, we phased-in-phased-out our
asses--with the garbage--into the sunset lookin' for another place to put
the
garbage.

We didn't find one till we came to a side road, and off the side of the side

road was a fifteen-foot cliff, and at the bottom of the cliff was another
pile of garbage.  And we decided that one big pile was better than two
little
piles, and rather than bring that one up, we decided to throw ours down.
That's what we did.

Phased back into the laboratory, had a Thanksgiving dinner that couldn't be
beat, went back upstairs, fell asleep, and didn't get up until the next
morning , when we got a phone call from Officer Oshii.  He said, "Mrs.
Masaki, we found your name on a envelope at the bottom of a half a ton of
garbage and I just wanted to know if you had any information about it."

And I said, "Yes sir, Officer Oshii, I cannot tell a lie.  I put that
envelope under that garbage."  After speakin' to Oshii for about forty-five
minutes on the telephone, we finally arrived at the truth of the matter and
he said that we had to go down and pick up the garbage, and also had to go
down and speak to him at the Police Officer Station in town.  So we flew
with
the shovels and rakes and implements of destruction (quite difficult, let me

tell you) and headed on toward the Police Officer Station.

Now, friends, there was only one of two things that Oshii could've done at
the Police Officer Station, and the first was that he could've given us a
medal for bein' so brave and honest on the telephone (which wasn't very
likely, and we didn't expect it), and the other things was that he could've
bawled us out and told us never to be seen phasin' garbage around in the
vicinity again, which is what we expected.

But when we got to the Police Officer Station , there was a third
possibility
that we hadn't even counted upon, and we were both  immediately arrested,
handcuffed, and I said, "Oshii, I don't think we can pick up the garbage
with
these handcuffs on."  He said:  "Shut up Mrs. Masaki, and get in the back of

the patrol car with your husband."

And that's what we did...sat in the back of the patrol car, and drove to the

quote scene of the crime unquote.

I wanna tell you 'bout the valley around the Masaki Shrine, outside of
Okayama, Japan, where this is happenin'.  They got three stop signs, two
police officers, and one police moped and one police car, but when we got to

the scene of the crime, there was five police officers and three police
mopeds, and two actual honest-to-goodness police officer automobiles; side
by
side.  This bein' the biggest crime of the last fifty years and everybody
wanted to get in the newspaper story about it.

And they was usin' up all kinds of Earth cop equipment that they had hangin'

around the Police Officer Station, collecting dust.  They were takin' finger

prints, footprints, dog-smellin' prints and they took twenty-seven 8 by 10
colored glossy photographs with circles and arrows and a paragraph on the
back of each one explainin' what each one was, to be used as evidence
against
us.  Took pictures of the approach, the getaway, the northwest corner, the
southwest corner...and that's not to mention the aerial photography!

After the ordeal, we went back to the jail.  Oshii said he was gonna put us
in a cell.

He said:  "Mrs. Masaki, I'm gonna put you in a cell.  I want your purse and
your gems."  I said, "Oshii, I can understand your wantin' my purse, so I
don't have any money to spend in the cell, but what do you want my gems
for?"
and he said, "Ma'am, we don't want any blastings."  I said, "Oshii, did you
think I was gonna blast myself for litterin'?"

Oshii said he was making sure, and, friends, Oshii was, 'cause he took out
the toilet seat so I couldn't hit myself over the head and drown, and he
took
out the toilet paper so I couldn't bend the bars, roll the toilet paper out
the window, slide down the roll with my man and have an escape.  Oshii was
makin' sure.  Which wasn't outside the realm of possibility, I could have
phased right out with my man--but I didn't feel like getting us in anymore
legal trouble.

It was about four or five hours later that Washu--(remember my mommy Washu?

There's a song about Washu.)--Washu came by and, with a few nasty words to
Oshii on the side, bailed us out of jail, and we went back to the
laboratory,
had another Thanksgiving dinner that couldn't be beat, and didn't get up
until the next morning, when we all had to go to court.  We walked in, sat
down, Oshii came in with the twenty-seven 8 by 10 colored glossy pictures
with the circles and arrows and a paragraph on the back of each one, sat
down.

Man came in, said, "All rise!"  We all stood up, and Oshii stood up with the

twenty-seven 8 by 10 colored glossy pictures, and the judge walked in, sat
down, with a seein' eye dog and he sat down.  We sat down.

Oshii looked at the seein' eye dog...then at the twenty-seven 8 by 10
colored
glossy pictures with the circles and arrows and a paragraph on the back of
each one...and looked at the seein' eye dog...and then at the twenty-seven 8

by 10 colored glossy pictures with the circles and arrows and a paragraph on

the back of each one and began to cry.

Because Oshii came to the realization that it was a typical case of blind
justice, and there wasn't nothin' he could do about it, and the judge wasn't

gonna look at the twenty-seven 8 by 10 colored glossy pictures with the
circles and arrows and a paragraph on the back of each one explainin' what
each one was, to be used as evidence against a husband and wife.

And we were fined fifty-thousand yen and had to pick up the garbage...in the

snow.

But that's not what I'm here to tell you about.

I'm here to talk about the G.P. Draft.

They've got a building on a planet in the Canopus system called The Galaxy
Police Draft Board...not the most creative name in the universe, but it gets

the job done...

There is where, if you've got an--shall we say--"interesting" record they
have you walk in, you get injected, inspected, detected, infected, neglected

and selected!  They don't care if you're (or were) wanted by the law!  Like
I
said, they're interested in the "interesting" ones.

I went there when I got a letter in the mail one day, and I walked in, sat
down (got good and drunk the night before, so I looked and felt my best when

I went in that morning, 'cause I wanted to look like the All-Humanoid Woman
from Planet Earth.  I wanted to feel like...I wanted to be the All-Humanoid
Woman from Planet Earth), and I walked in, sat down, I was hung down, brung
down, hung up and all kinds of mean, nasty, ugly things.

And I walked in, I sat down, they gave me a piece of paper that said: "Ryoko

Masaki, see the psychiatrist in room 604."

I went up there, I said, "Doc, I wanna arrest.  I wanna arrest!  I wanna see

handcuffs and cool guns like what Kiyone and Mihoshi have and galactic
speeders and villians!  I wanna put obnoxious motherfuckers in prison!  I
mean:  Arrest.  Arrest!"  And I started jumpin' up and down, yellin'
"Arrest!
Arrest!" and he started jumpin' up and down with me, and we were both
jumpin'
up and down, yellin', "Arrest! Arrest! Arrest! Arrest!" and the sergeant
came
over, pinned a medal on me, sent me down the hall, said "You're our girl!".

Didn't feel too good about it.

Proceeded down the hall, gettin' more injections, inspections, detections,
neglections, and all kinds of stuff that they were doin' to me at the thing
there, and I was there for two hours...three hours...four hours...I was
there
for a long time goin'  through all kinds of mean, nasty, ugly things, and I
was just havin' a tough time there, and they was inspectin', injectin',
every single part of me, and they was leavin' no part untouched!

I'm sure more than a few required hospitalization after I was through with
them, I'll tell you...

Proceeding through, and I finally came out to see the very last man.
I walked in, sat down, after a whole big thing there.  I walked up, and I
said, "What do you want?"  He said,
"Mrs. Masaki, we've only got one question:  Have you ever been arrested?"

And I proceeded to tell him the story of Little Washu's Laboratory
with full orchestration and five-part kazoo harmony and stuff like that, and

other phenomenon.

He stopped me right there and said, "Mrs. Masaki, have you ever been to
court?"  And I proceeded to tell him the story of the twenty-seven 8 x 10
colored glossy pictures with the circles and arrows and a paragraph on the
back of each one...

He stopped me right there and said, "Mrs. Masaki, I want you to go over and
sit down on that bench that says 'Group W.'"

"NOW, MRS. MASAKI!"

And I walked over to the bench there, and there's...Group W is where they
put
you if you may not be moral enough to join the Galaxy Police after
committin'
your special crime.  Stupid fucks, what do they expect by attempting to
draft
people who get at least 500 Galactic Wire service mentions and no more than
1000?

There was all kind of mean, nasty, cool-lookin' people on the bench
there...there was bank-robbers...drug
dealers...plea-bargainers...PLEA-BARGAINERS sittin' right there on the bench

next to me!  And they were just my types, all!  It reminded me of my
travels...before running a foul of Kagato...oh well.

The biggest one, a Elven Ranger from the planet Fatuous, came and sat down
next to me...
He said, "Lady, what'd you get?"

I said, "I didn't get nothin'.  My husband and I had to pay fifty thousand
yen and pick up the garbage in the snow."

He said, "What were you arrested for, Lady?" and I answered, "Well that's
kind of a hard question to answer, I've been on the Juraian Ten Most Wanted
list for a straight 700 standard years before finally getting arrested for
litterin' on Earth."

And they all moved away from me on the bench there, with the hairy eyeball
and all kinds of mean, nasty things, until I said, "And being an
exhibitionist..." And they all came back, shook my hand, and we had a great
time on the bench talkin' about crime, drug-dealing, bank-robbing,
plea-bargaining, and all kinds groovy things that we were talking about on
the bench, and everything was fine.

We was smokin' cigarettes and all kinds of groovy things, until the sergeant

came over, had some paper in his hand, held it up, and said:

"KIDSTHISPIECEOFPAPERSGOTFOURTYSVENPAGESTHIRTYSEVENSENTENCES
FIFTYEIGHTWORDSWEWANTTOKNOWTHEDETAILSOFTHECRIMETHETIMEOFTHE
CRIMEANDANYOTHERKINDOFTHINGYOUGOTTOSAYPERTAININGTOANDABOUT
THECRIMEWEWANTTOKNOWTHEARRESTINGOFFICERSNAMEANDANYOTHERTHIN
YOUGOTTOSAY . . ."

And talked for forty-five minutes and nobody understood a word that he said.

But we had fun filling out the forms and playin' with the pencils on the
bench there.

I filled out the Laboratory with the five-part kazoo harmony.  Wrote it down

there just like it was and everything was fine.  And I put down my pencil,
and I turned over the piece of paper, and there...on the other side...in the

middle of the other side...away from everything else on the other side...in
parenthesis...capital letters...quotated...read the following words: "Mrs.
Masaki, have you rehabilitated yourself?"

I went over to the sergeant.  Said, "Sargeant, you got a lot of god-damned
gall to ask me if I've rehabilitated myself!  I mean...I mean...I mean that
you send...I'm sittin' here on the bench...I mean I'm sitting here on the
Group W bench, 'cause you want to know if I'm moral enough to join the
Galaxy
Police, arrest Outlaws, Space Pirates, galactic jaywalkers, bank robbers,
betray my old friends in the field, my brethen...all after being a
litterbug."

He looked at me and said, "Mrs. Masaki, we do not like your kind!  We're
going to send your ID scans to HQ."

I looked straight back at him; said, "You really don't have a fucking clue
who I am, don't you?"

And folks he didn't.  So somewhere at Galaxy Police HQ, in my already
lengthly file, enshrined in another little ridulian crystal, is yet another
study of my beautiful identity.

And the only reason I'm singing you this song now is 'cause you may know
somebody in a similar situation.

Or you may be in a similar situation, and if you're in a situation like
that,
there's only one thing you can do:

Walk into the Shrink's office wherever you are, just walk in, say,
"Doc,...you can get anything you want at Little Washu's Laboratory", and
walk
out.

You know, if one person, just one person, does it, they may think he's
really
sick and they won't take him.

And if two people do it, in harmony, they may think they're both....well,
wait--no.  No, that wouldn't be a problem in the Galaxy Police.  Isn't
progress grand?  I keep tellin' Ayeka...

And if three people do it!  Can you imagine three people walking in, singing

a bar of "Little Washu's Laboratory" and walking out?  They may think it's
an
organization!

And can you imagine fifty people a day?  I said FIFTY people a day...walkin'

in, singin' a bar of "Little Washu's Laboratory" and walkin' out?  Friends,
they may think it's a MOVEMENT, and that's what it is:  THE LITTLE WASHU'S
LABORATORY ANTI-GALAXY POLICE MOVEMENT!...and all you gotta do to join is to

sing it the next time it comes around on the guitar.

With feeling!  We'll wait until it comes around on the guitar again...

Here it comes!

You can get anything you want at Little Washu's Laboratory
You can get anything you want at Little Washu's Laboratory
Walk right in, it's just under the stairs
Just a few meters from my bedroom
You can get anything you want at Little Washu's Laboratory

That was horrible.

You wanna end The Draft and stuff you have to sing it loud!

I've been singing this song for 25 minutes...and, hey, I can sing it for
another 25 minutes.  I'm not proud...or tired.

So we'll wait for it to come around again.  This time with five-part kazoo
harmony in the feeling.

We're just waiting for it to come around, that's what we're doing.

All right now?

You can get anything you want at Little Washu's Laboratory (excepting Washu)

You can get anything you want at Little Washu's Laboratory
Walk right in, it's just under the stairs
Just a few meters from my bedroom
You can get anything you want at Little Washu's Laboratory

At Little Washu's Laboratory!

THE END