                              Loony Muyo!

     This is just a short spamfic, hatched from an idea that I got
while watching Loony Toons the other day.  Tenchi, Ryoko and Ayeka
all belong to Pioneer Anime, and I don't want to be sued - they
aren't mine, I'm just borrowing them for a little while.

*****

     The sun beats down on Death Valley, as a couple of vultures
look down from their high perch.  Usually, things are pretty quiet
in this part of the world, and no wonder why - one of the vultures
accidentally fried her egg on the stone earlier that day.  Needless
to say, things are a little hot.
     "AHHH!!!  She's after me again!"  The silence is shattered
as a cloud of dust rises from the road far below them, following
the road as if forced there.  At the head of that cloud is a tall
boy, running for all he's worth.  He has black hair, brown eyes,
and an absolutely terrified expression.  He freezes for a moment,
and the following words appear before him.
     "Tenchi Masaki (Terrifiedious of Ryokous)"  He blinks, and
looks at the words.
     "I wouldn't say terrified, really, just...  alright, I guess
that I am terrified of her."  He flashes into motion again.  Not
far behind him, a beautiful girl with spikey cyan hair, golden
eyes, and playful smirk is flying after Tenchi.  She freezes in
place for a moment, and words appear below her.
     "Ryoko Hakubi (Desirous Tenchious for bedious)"  She grins.
     "I don't know what you're talking about.  Why use a bed, when
right out in the open will do just as well?"  The words disappear,
and she flashes off after Tenchi.
     Tenchi looks back to see that Ryoko is right behind him, and
yelps in terror, then starts running so fast that he leaves a trail
of fire behind him.  Ryoko blinks, and stares after the rapidly
disappearing Tenchi.  Not paying attention to the road, she doesn't
notice it curve off, and smacks into a stone wall.
     "Ouch."

*****

     Tenchi slowly approaches a small stand, where a bunch of
disgustingly cute stuffed animals wait.  They appear to be a cross
between a cat and a rabbit.  Not sensing any danger, he grins,
and looks at the stuffed animals.
     High above him, Ryoko giggles, as she looks down.  She's
standing next to an odd looking cage - Washu Inc's Patented 'Tenchi
Trap Cage,' which hangs over the cliff above Tenchi.
     "Just one more step, Tenchi..."  Far below, Tenchi steps
forward just enough, and Ryoko throws the switch that will drop the
cage and catch Tenchi for her.
     Instead of the cage dropping, the entire cliff she's on drops
out from under her.  She blinks, and looks down, then grins
sheepishly and waves, before plumeting to the ground.
     "Ouch."

*****

     Ryoko stands by the road, next to the giant Washu Inc Patented
ultra bow and arrow.  She looks down the road, at the telltale
cloud of dust, and grins, walking over to the bow.  Stringing
it, she carefully holds onto the handle, and stretches the
bowstring taut with her feet.  She grins mischievously,
as Tenchi flashes past, and lets go of the bow, expecting to be
launched.
     The bow throws her back wards, where she is implanted into the
stone side of a mountain.
     "Damn you Washu!"

*****

     Running as fast as she can, Ryoko actually manages to catch
up with Tenchi, and is about to grab him when a loud whistle blows.
     "LUNCH!"
     They blink, and then stop running, turning toward the open
side of the stage.
     "Why are we doing this again, Tenchi?  Not that I don't love
chasing you around, but still..." asked Ryoko, grinning.  He looked
at her, as they got into the lunch line.
     "Because when you and Ayeka fought last time, you destroyed
so much of the house we had to get jobs so we could pay for a new
one!"  Ryoko noded.
     "Oh yeah!  Gee, guess I shouldn't have called her an old hag."
Tenchi sighed.
     "Just consider it lucky that Warner Brothers needed some fill
ins for a couple of its characters this month."  Ryoko nodded.
     "Say, were is that annoying little princess, anyway?"  Tenchi
shruged.
     "I think she said that she got paired with some French toon."
Ryoko laughed.
     "She's probably loving that."  Tenchi shrugged, sighing.
     "Probably."

*****

     "Ah mon cherie, mwa mwa mwa, we were meant to be together
for ever!"
     "TENCHI!!!  GET ME OUT OF HERE!!!"