Tenchi Muyo-Mankind
by, Absolute Zero (absolute____zero@hotmail.com)
http://members.xoom.com/ABSOLUTE_ZE/index.htm

disclaimer: Tenchi is not mine this is merely a bad attempt at humor dont
sue me.

The battle ground is a wastland the two powerful being face off at eachother
in immortal kombat none getting the upper hand. "You cant stop me even with
the light hawk wings!" Tokimi mocked tenchi.
Puffing loud tenchi  retorts"We shall see evil one." The battle coninues for
several minutes until it seems the Tokimi is geting the upper hand She is
the most powerful of the sisters and therefor too strong even for for
Isunami's champion. Tokimi laughs "Ready to give up young one you simply
cant win". Tenchi bruised badly from the battle stands tall and shouts "You
may be stronger but I have one thing you dont have thing you dont have".
"which is ?" Tokimi askes with a grin. "This !" Tenchi points to his pants
Sweat drops on Tokimi's brow and on everyone elses since the rest of the
tenchi household had  been watching the long battle helpless to do anything.
Tenchi grins as he reaches into his crouch which causes tokimi to turn away
in disguiest. Tenchi removes his hand from is pants only to reveal.......MR.
SOCKO!!! The crowd been begins to cheer as Tenchi puts it on his right hand
winding up for the mandibul claw finally Tokimi turns around to see what
they were all cheering about only to be greeted by a sock down here throat.
Tokimi gaged thrashing about and generaly looking like she was going to
vomite. Finally Tenchi began to grin as Tokimi began to go down from the
lack of blood flow to the brain and finally in after one last desperate
gesture The goddess finally went out. All the girls cheered as at Tenchi's
victory and ran up to hug him. Then Tenchi held the hand with the sock still
on it to the sky as mankind theme music began to play in the backround
saying" Its not just a sock its an adventure!" Just then the nerator broke
in saying "Get your Mr. Socko t-shirts for only 20$ kids get yur parents
permission before calling." With that the seen fades as the we return to the
ring for the next sceduled match on Raw..........

Author's note: Just weired idea that just poped into my head while thinking
of my next fanfic in my Tenchi third season fanfic saga expect chapter one
in a day or so bye for now.

"If you smell La La La Where the SOCK........IS HIDING!!" Mick Foley from a
recent RAW IS WAR prematch interview.