Mission Impossible: Tenchi

All the fightin' in my house today
All the pretty girls fightin' in my house today
When the good fights the bad and the bad beats the good,
I can't live my life like I should
Now all the girls wanna hit me, they think I'm meant for them,
Just because they're so pretty
Oh what a pity, you ain't that pretty
Remember girls, I ain't from the city

Do we always gotta fight?
Do we always gotta fight to be alright?
I was just a guy that was as normal as could be,
Then you girls showed up and showed the crazy world to me

Come with me into my life.
Remember that door, but now it leads to a lab,
And I can't run from that bitch,
When I'm stuck to a wall in my boxers
Lookin' at Washu, that witch
Tenchi Masaki is running away, it's like a running race
So when you're running away from the guns,
Don't be upset when you're caught and dragged
Cause' Ima be the that outruns

I know why you wanna kill me.
I know why you wanna kill me.
I know why you wanna kill me.
'Cause good is all the world seems to see in me!
I know why you wanna kill me.
I know why you wanna kill me.
Now I know why you wanna kill me.
'Cause good is all the world seems to see in me!
And now you wanna kill me!
'Cause good is all the world seems to see in me!
And now you wanna kill me!
'Cause good is all the world seems to see in me!

Does anybody see the mystery
Of my horrific life and why I ain't history
It's kinda bad when I don't know the reason
'Guess I can't die in this season
I don't even if I should stay,
'Cause I'm an anime, an import, Japanimation's fall sport
I just can't keep goin' on like this,
Gettin' crapped on everyday that I exist

And everybody wants a gun
And everybody wanna gun to make me run
I can live a carnival of a life if I want
But I can't live normal when I want. No sir!
And now I want my old life back
But I'm denied cause a life is what I lack
And there is nothing I can do
Cause life is lesson, you can't start anew

(chorus)

Now I know why...  
Now I know why...  
(I know why you wanna kill me)...  
Now I know why...  
Now I know why (now I know why you wanna kill me!)   
[repeats 2x]  
  
Now I know why you wanna kill me!   
Now I know why you wanna kill me!   
Now I know why you wanna kill me!   
'Cause good is all the world seems to see in me [repeats 2x]!
