
Mihoshi's Past
by Mitch
wells17@gte.net

     It was Tenchi and Mihoshi's second date.  They both wantedç
to keep it simple so they just had a picnic in the woods near ç
the shrine.  At least Ryoko and Ayeka would not be too suspicious ç
of them that way.  Anyway, they were having fun, chatting between ç
snacking, when Tenchi decided to bring something up.
     "Y'know Mihoshi, you never really told us about your past..."
     Mihoshi was silent.
     "I'm...I'm sorry.  You don't have to talk about it if you ç
don't want to..."
     "It's okay," said Mihoshi, "It's just that...no ç
one's...asked.  Besides, sometimes I'm afraid that it ç
wasn't...normal."
     "If there's anything I've learned," said Tenchi, "it's that ç
there's no such thing as 'normal'."
     "I guess that's one way to say it.  Well, here goes..."
-----
     Mihoshi was born on a planet in the neighborhood of theç
seventh Galaxy Police Headquarters.  She was born to a singleç
mother who was an authority on antiques.  Mihoshi really lovedç
her mother.  She really wanted to be like her.  She never saidç
much about Mihoshi's father, only that Mihoshi had best chooseç
carefully when her time came.
     Mihoshi's childhood was not so easy.  It was not very ç
different from others except that she was clumsy and distracted ç
even then.  She was looked down upon by her peers, but she did ç
not mind.  She always looked at the bright side of things and ç
tried to help whoever she could when she could, just because she ç
wanted to be nice.  Still, part of her knew that no one was ç
really satisfied by her, so she wanted to prove herself somehow.
     One day, her mother took Mihoshi to GP Headquarters to see ç
her grandfather become Grand Marshal.  Mihoshi was very proud of ç
her grandfather, but this also stirred up something in her.  The ç
uniforms, the equipment, the very concept of the Galaxy ç
Police...her future was desided.
     After high school, Mihoshi told her mother that she would ç
apply for the Galaxy Police.  At first, her mother was shocked.  ç
Mihoshi's argued with the fact that she was no longer a child and ç
the blood for it probably ran in the family.  She did not wantç
any special treatment from the higher ranks because of herç
grandfather.  She wanted to do this so she could prove herselfç
and help others at the same time.
     The Acadamy days were tough.  Chief Instructor Bodai alwaysç
pushed her through her limits in her training.  The trouble withç
the GP is that they really wanted to hire the best.  Thisç
intimidated Mihoshi.  She feared that there was a whole galaxy ofç
recuits better than her.  On the other hand, she still wanted toç
prove herself.  At first, her awkwardness, lack of direction, andç
short attention span got the best of her.  This was her lowestç
point.  She was afraid that maybe the people in her life wereç
right about her being useless.  Sure, her mother always saidçäotherwise, but she was the only one.
     Everything changed one day in the cafeteria.  Mihoshi was ç
feeling low and could not eat her pickles.  She had a test later ç
that day and did not feel up to it.  She promised herself not to ç
quit the acadamy.  She would either graduate or fail, just to ç
see what she could do.  Right now, it looked like she would fail.    
     "This seat taken?"
     Mihoshi looked up to see a beutiful girl around her age with ç
teal hair and sapphire eyes.
     "Oh, no.  Go right ahead."
     "Thanks.  You seem less aloof than some of the others here."
     "I have less of a reason to be.  Oh, sorry.  I'm Mihoshi ç
Kuramitsu."
     "-You're- Kuramitsu?  I heard you passed up a chance to getç
in without training.  Oh, Kiyone Makabi."
     Mihoshi stopped breathing.
     "Makabi?!  You've been doing great!  I'm surprised you ç
haven't graduated yet."
     "There's always more to go."
     "I know," said Mihoshi, "I have an obsticle course test in ç
an hour.  I don't think I can do it.  I don't intend to quit butç
I don't like to fail either."
     "Look," said Kiyone, "I just finished it and it's not that ç
big a deal.  Actually, it's tough but only if you let it."
     Mihoshi thought for a second.  Maybe she was letting people' ç
perception of her get to her.  Maybe she should have blocked it ç
out and concetrate on what she knew she could do.
     "Thanks for the pep talk.  Good luck to you too."
     At first Mihoshi was frightened by the obsticle course, but ç
she swallowed and gave it everything she had.  She did ç
remarkably well much to Inspector Bodai's surprise.
     In the weeks that followed, Mihoshi did everything she could ç
to pass.  However, she relied on instinct, which was a mixed ç
bessing.  This is when people begain to suspect that she simply ç
had good luck.  They may have been right.
     On graduation day, Mihoshi couldn't be prouder.  At last, ç
she was in a position to help people.  Since then, Mihoshi had ç
started to feel comfortable about her life.                 
-----
     "Everyone said I got lucky to make it to Central Office, but ç
when they told me I had poor performance and demoted me..."
     "Sorry."
     "Don't be.  I'm happier as a First Class Detective.  I never ç
liked being behind a desk.  I got happier when I came here ç
and...met you."
     She looked at Tenchi with teary eyes.
     "Tenchi, do I...scare you?"
     "Scare me?  Why?"
     "Because...so many people are afraid of me.  I've noticed ç
that Ayeka and even Ryoko are.  Only Sasami isn't.  Gosh, I love ç
her.  But...am I dangerous?"
     Tenchi put a hand on her shoulder.  
     "Mihoshi, people aren't really afraid of you.  They're ç
afraid of your accidents.  For some reason, you cause unlikelyç
things to happen.  Sometimes, that's a good thing, but a lot ofç
äthe people around you only think of the dangerous accidents.ç
But, Mihoshi, there's nothing involving you in particular to beç
afraid of.  You're one of the most caring people I know.  I'mç
actually impressed of how you've kept that sunny attitude afterç
everything that's happened to you.  Actually, I'm...a littleç
jealous."
     "Why?"
     "Because,...you still have your mother."
     "...Oh."
     There was some silence.
     "Do you...remember her at all?"
     "Some.  She died when I was six.  There's an old saying on ç
Earth, 'life begins at three'.  I don't remember anything besides ç
three years.  But, yeah, I remember her.  I just wish...she got a ç
chance to meet you guys."
     "I'm...I'm sorry..."
     "Don't be.  I brought it up.  We should do this again, ç
Mihoshi."
     Mihoshi brightened.
     "Okay!"
     END
