
         I DO NOT own any of these characters, so no one sue me, k?  Also,
                                    this
                    is my first story, so bare with me.

Japanese words (In order of appearance)

Mirei- Future
Okaa-san- Mother
Hime- Princess
Oni- Demon
Hai- Yes
Ojo-Sama- Princess
Sama- Shows reverence
Arigato- Thank You
Minna-san- everyone
Ningyo- doll
Onee-san- Sister
Magami-sama- Goddess
Nani- What

                               Mirei Okaa-san
                             By Ryoko-Himesama

        From where she sat atop the cave, Ryoko saw a little boy heading
toward it.  Of course, she knew the reason.  It sat right beside her and had

for the past hour or so.  The two had yet to exchange words, but would grow
close in the years to come.

       "I knew he'd come here and now I know why." said the visitor.
 "He comes here all the time and sometimes you come with him." said Ryoko.

         The boy lay his head on a rock near the cave and began to cry.
 Instinctively, Ryoko flew down and put her ghostly hand on the boy's head.
 The child calmed down and eventually fell asleep.  Ryoko smiled and waited
the inevitable.  Soon, Yosho walked up to the cave, alerted by Funaho.  He
picked up his grandson and carried him home.

            Ryoko sighed and looked back up at the girl sitting there.
               So you're Tenchi's Okaa-san, ne Acheka-hime?"
                            "Yes, and you are?"
 "Ryoko, legendary oni of the Masaki Shrine and most wanted Space Pirate."
                           "And you love my son?"
                              "Hai Ojo-sama."

                           Five Years Later . . .

                  "Tenchi's growing up so fast!" exclaimed Acheka.
                       "Hai, he has Mirei Okaa-san."
                         "Why do you call me that?"
                   "Because of what Funaho-sama told us."
              "That you will be free before Tenchi turns 20."
             "When I get out of here, Tenchi and I will marry."
                    "You have my blessing, my daughter."
                         "Arigato, Acheka-Okaasan."
          "By the way, my daughter, you've put off telling me why your body
 lies in the cave below us and how it got there.  All you've ever said was
     that Funaho-sama exiled you here and that you are a Space Pirate.
                               Ryoko sighed.
 "Yosho-sama and Funaho-sama are either very wise or very stupid.  I owe my
  life to them for they are risking the lives of minna-san on this planet,
        including themselves, by confining me here with him alive."
                                   "Him?"
   "Kagato." said Ryoko with venom in her voice. "I am merely his puppet.  I

  have been alive for 2,000 years and until about 700 years ago, I was his
 ningyo.  A slave he would send to steal for him.  Then one day, he sent me
                                     to
Jurai, the greatest empire in the universe, to steal the Tsunami tree.  That

was where I first met Yosho-sama and Funaho-sama. He chased me off Jurai and

 to Sol III, Earth. There, he stole my gems, the source of my power and the
means of Kagato's mind control.  Since they're now locked within tenchi-ken,

he can' t use them as a beacon to find me.  He is probably still looking for

me, though.  After that, Yosho-sama imprisoned me in this cave.  He settled
  down, got married, and had a daughter, you.  You married, had a son, and
                  named him Tenchi after the master key."
                "Don't you remember anything before Kagato?"
       "As far as I know, I have always been like this.  I have no memories
before Kagato and have always appeared 16 or 17.  However, before Kagato use

   mind control he tried to mold me into a creature like him.  Something
 powerful interfered.  Two powerful somethings, in fact.  One claimed to be
                                     my
                      Okaa-san and the other my aunt."
                "You've led a very hard life, my daughter."

                           Seven Year Later . . .
      "He's coming!" cried Ryoko "and he has the keys!  I'll be free!"
                      "Congradulations, my daughter."
              "Just a moment, Ryoko and Acheka." said a voice.
                         "Who is it?" asked Ryoko.
         "I am she who Kagato seeks, the most powerful of all ships, the
original space tree, the second Megami-sama and your Aunt Tsunami who aided
you in tharting Kagato's plans." said a figure as she appeared before Ryoko.

  Then the woman turned to Acheka.  "And I am second princess of Jurai, the
               planet of your origins, and your Aunt Sasami."
                    "How can you be both?" asked Ryoko.
    "Tis the mystery of your kin, my niece.  Now listen to me.  Your release

  from this cave will trigger the arrival of many others.  Among them, my
 Onee-san, Ayeka-Himesama; my other self, Sasami-hime; and he who would see
Tenchi dead and you his ningyo once more.  Even after being trained for his
    entire life by Yosho-sama, his training is not complete until he can
                                  activate
   and control Tenchi-ken.  You must help him activate it Ryoko.  When he
                    releases you, you must attack him."
                             "But I love him!"
               "It's for his own good, trust me Ryoko-sama."
                                  "H-Hai"
       "The next step is for him to meet Sasami.  She is the other crucile
part in his victory.  You must allow Ayeka to capture you both so Tenchi and

 Sasami may meet.  Have no fear, I shall see to it that all four of you get
                           safely back to Earth."
    "Hai, Megami-sama." said Ryoko, "But you owe me big time for this."
             "Arigato, my niece." said Tsunami as she vanished.
                  "Are you okay with this Acheka-okaasan?"
                  "Give him your best shot, my daughter."

            Ryoko floated over Tenchi's bed, watching him sleep.
   "You've done it my daughter!" said Acheka as she appeared in the room.
  "I could never have helped Tenchi without Tsunami.  It was she who taught
                                    him
 the secret of the Lighthawk Wings.  I wasn't able to save him from Kagato,
                           but Tsunami-sama did."
                       "Do not give up!" said Acheka.
        "She's right, my niece." said Tsunami as she appeared. "You have a
                 future with Tenchi now, forget the past."
                "You mean Ayeka-himesama won't get Tenchi?"
                                   "Hai."
          "But she deserves him.  I'm just an oni of destruction."
                            "You must believe."
        "I guess so.  Anyway Tsunami-sama, how much longer will you have
                      Yosho-sama where that disguise."
                    "Nani? What disguise?" asked Acheka.
                     Tsunami and Ryoko merely laughed.

                           Two years later . . .

         Ryoko sat quietly on a rooftop staring at nothing when her mirei
                      okaa-san and her aunt appeared.
                "What's on your mind, Ryoko?" asked Acheka.
                           "Nothing." said Ryoko.
                  "Our new arrival is troubling you, no?"
 "Yes.  I cannot trust her.  There is something wrong with her, I feel it."
       "Then why did you catch her, Ryoko?" asked Tsunami, "Why not let her
                          fall to her own death?"
                               Ryoko sighed.
        "It's because . . . I can't explain it.  I guess it's that Mayuka
                                  reminds
                me of myself.  She doesn't seem in control."
                    "Hai, she is not." confirmed Tsunami
                         "Then I must destroy her."
 "That would be like Yosho-sama destroying you under Kagato, right Ryoko."
                                   "Yes."
             "Minna-san will be alright, Ryoko." said Tsunami.

                         Ryoko felt like screaming.
       "You lied to me Aunt Tsunami.  You said everyone will be alright, but

                              Mayuka is dead."
    "You underestimate your okaa-san, Ryoko, Washu will find a way." said
                                  Tsunami.
   Just then, Washu made her announcement and minna-san looked at Ryoko.
         "Nani? Do they really think I won't do it?" thought Ryoko.
       "You go right ahead Washu." said Ryoko and minna-san cheered.
   "I swear Acheka, I'll give you granddaughter the free childhood I never
                                   had."

                           Two Months Later . . .

    "Finally, All my dreams have come true Okaa-san!" said Ryoko as she held

                             a sleeping Mayuka.
               "I'm happy for you, my daughter." said Acheka.
        "In less then a month, I will marry Tenchi and May-chan will become
                                     my
                               stepdaugher."
                "I told you." said Tsunami as she appeared.
                           Ryoko laughed for joy.

                          Three years later . . .

       Ryoko stood near the cave where she had spent 700 years of her life.
    Beside her stood a three year old girl with purple hair and a set of
                     two-year old twins with cyan hair.
   "One day, I'll introduce you.  Your grandma is a great woman, my best
friend." said Ryoko. "Now, let's go home, okay May-chan, Himeko, and Tenko?"

          "It's fine with me Okaa-san." said the three in unison.
        Ryoko smiled and shifted the bundle in her arms to hold the hand of
her daughter.  The bundle that held her youngest daughter, the girl who bore

                    the name of her best friend, Acheka.
        From atop the cave, a young girl with black hair smiled down at her
                            ever-growing family.

                                  The End

                         I want feedback minna-san
