		Way on the far side of the moon, there is a small base 
where Chris Bozeman, convicted madman, has been imprisoned and forced 
to watch and review horrible fanfictions.  He is joined from several 
Anime characters to help him review the fics.  Last time, Chris began 
his sentence, by MSTing a fic which turned out to be an author's way of 
satisfying his boredom.  Chris ended up killing 6 people.  Now to 
introduce the MSTers for this one:
Chris Bozeman:  An insane madman who was sentenced to review all these 
fics.  In other words, me.
Gohan:  Son of Goku from Dragon Ball Z.  He's here because last time he 
was the only survivor.
Vash the stampede:  Also known as the "humanoid typhoon" he is from 
Trigun.
Washu:  The self-proclaimed greatest scientific genius in the universe.  
She's from Tenchi Muyo.
Special Guest:  To be announced..
	(The MSTers are in the closest thing to a rec room the base has.  
Cory is sitting in a chair staring at something unseen, Washu is trying 
to build a super pinball machine, Vash is wondering what the heck Washu 
is doing, and Gohan, being the only anime veteran of this, is wondering 
who will die this time..)
Vash:  Chris, what the heck are you staring at??
Chris:  Quiet!  I'm having a staredown with that freaky little yellow 
mouse Pikachu thingy.
Gohan:  What?
(Chris stares intently at the little yellow hellspawn, who just stares 
blankly back.)
Gohan:  Chris, that's not good for your eyes.
Chris:  Quiet I said! (eye starts twitching)
Vash:  um...
(Chris and Pikachu stare at each other for five more minutes, when 
Chris starts showing signs of breaking down)
Chris:  AAAAGH!  I can't take it! (blinks his eyes)  aahh.. that feels 
better..
Pikachu (in deep evil satanic voice):  MUAHAHAHAHAHA!! Now your soul is 
mine!! You will be forced to buy all my merchandise and spend every 
minute of your life worshipping me!! AHAHHAHAHAHA!!!
Chris:  AAAH! CRAP!  Wait!  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!! (turns into a 
brown haired blue eyed Ash Ketchum look-alike)  I choose you 
Pikachu..(drool)
Pikachu:  AHHAHAHA! Go forth, and bring me an army of Pokemon obsessee 
zombies!  AHAAHAHHAHAHAHA-(is shot in the head by Vash)
Chris: Huh? (snaps out of it)  AAAAAAAAHH! AAAAAHHHH!! AAAAAHHH!! 
(Washu slaps him to his senses, or at least as much sense as madmen 
have)  It was horrible..I dreamt there were little Pikachus with 
pitchforks all around me, poking me. (shudders and curls into fetal 
position.)
Vash: Are you okay?
Chris: (jumps up) never better!  Now then on to business.  Today's 
special guest is (looks at chart) um, I can't read this, It's in a 
different language.  Washu?
Washu:  (looks at chart)  it says "Aisha Clan-Clan"
Vash:  Aisha?  WHOOHOO!
Gohan:  You like cat-girls?
Vash:  Well, duh.
Aisha: Hi everyone!
Chris:  Ok, now that everyone's here, we can start!  (everyone enters 
theater)

>The Dimensional Crisis: Dragonballz / Tenchi / Ronin warriors 
crossover. The 
worlds of many Animes collide in a freak accident in Time and space.

Chris:  Hmm.. a three-way crossover.  No good, especially when it 
involves samurais with armor that equal the colors of the rainbow.
Washu:  What?
Chris:  You'll see.

>This is Rotnok this is for your Reading pleasure

Vash:  I dunno what Rotnok is, so I can't tell whether it will please 
me.
Aisha: I think that's the authors pen name.
Gohan:  Why'd he name his pen?
All but Gohan: (sweatdrop)

>(Takes a bow). I am so glad you  decided that you want to read this 
Fanfic.

Chris:  read?

 >I thank you (I'm a new writer so 
please give me ideas or Comment on my writing I thank you. (Comments, 
Threats, 
love letters, or for the hell of it write me at tonyja.... oh sorry 
Tony 
tddeyoung31785@cs.com that is the real one thx

Washu: that's odd. apologizing for an error, when they could just 
delete it..
Chris:  Newbie author, though.

>I have used some names and characters in this Fanfic that I am not 
able to use 
without having a disclaimer 
Dragonballz = Akira Toyama
Tenchi Muyo
And Ronin Warriors
are all owned by their respective owners not by me.  I however own the 
name of 
Rotnok is owned by me 

Vash:  How can someone own ownership.
Aisha:  Don't ask me.

>Any commentary e-mail tddeyoung31785@cs.com

Chris: We shall see..
>----------------------------------------------------------------------
---
Gohan: AAH!  Scene change markers!
Aisha:  The bane of existence.

>It was a sunny day in Tenchi's back yard. Tenchi was on a walk with 
Sasami and 
Ryohoki,

Washu:  I thought there was a hyphen in Ryo-ohki?
Aisha:  Maybe it's a different cabbit.

 >trying to escape the horrors of everyday life.

Chris:  He better not mean Ryoko..

>As he walks he looks 
around Thinking about anything that came to mind and looking at the 
lovely 
scenery.

Vash:  not just ordinary thinking..
All:  capitalized thinking!

>Tenchi "hummm what a beautiful morning"

Gohan:  Yay, script format!
All: Yippee.

>Sasami "Yeah I know look at all the red and blue in the sky"

Vash:  Hey wait, I thought it was daytime, not evening!

>Tenchi "RED?"

Vash:  Oh, ok.
Aisha:  Not just ordinary red..

>Then in the distance the Red

All: Capitalized red!

>light flashed and a large explosion was herd. 

Chris (as large explosion herder):  Giddyup you explosions!

>From 
behind Tenchi, Sasami and Ryohoki the little Cabbit ran up looking 
puzzled at 
the Red light.   

Aisha:  I told you there was another cabbit!
Gohan:  and not just any old cabbit.
All:  A capitalized cabbit!

>Sasami "what is it"
Tenchi "I don't know"
Washuu "Its a time portal/space portal it will suck anything in and 
send them to 
a new world"
Tenchi (Sweat drop formed) "Oh great jusdt what we need.  But why 
here."

Chris (as tenchi):  I don't need a question mark.  Or proper spelling.

>Washu "I would not know but all i know is that you should nbot go into 
it untill 
I anilize it"

Washu: AAAAAH!!! I'm a moron who can't spell or talk properly at all in 
this fic!  AAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!

>Just then Ryoko fazed from behind them also looking puzzled at the 
blue light 
radiating from over the ridge.  

Aisha :  I thought it was a Red light.

>Ryoko "Well Tenchi lets go look" 
She then grabbed Tenchi playfully and started Flirting with him

Chris:  Not just ordinary flirting..
Gohan:  It's getting old.
Chris:  Ok..

>then a voice 
came from behind them.

Vash:  Who could it possibly be?  Let's look at the situation. Ryoko's 
flirting with Tenchi.. Hmm.. Maybe Ayeka??

>Ayeka "Miss Ryoko let go of Tenchi...NOW" she said fury in her eyes

Vash:  I knew it.

>Then where the Blue light

Chris:  Not just ordin- never mind...

>came from a figure stood sword in hand and then 4 more 
jumped up behind him.

Tenchi "Who are they"
Ryo "HEY WHO ARE YOU?"

Aisha:  Who's Ryo?
Washu:  Definitely not my daughter.
Gohan (as Ryo):  No, Tenchi you're doing it all wrong, you have to seem 
as if you're accusing them of something!

>Tenchi "I have half a mind to ask you the same question you guys"

Chris (as one of the mysterious figures):  You just did a second ago.

>Ryo "Answer me now" he said jumping up

Vash:  apparently this Ryo person is not female.

 >Sage, Kento, Rowen, and Cye followed

Washu:  AAAH!  They look freaky-deaky!
Gohan:  Since when do geniuses say "freaky-deaky"?
Washu:  I don't know!  The fic's version of me is starting to wear off 
on me!!  AAAAAHHH!
Vash:  That's scary.  I'm glad I'm not in this fic.
Washu:  Must stop.mental..degradation! (produces a large blaster and 
shoots her head off and dies.)
Gohan:  (lifts one finger)  that's death number 1!
Chris:  But I didn't cause it, so it doesn't count!
Gohan:  damn..

>Tenchi "I don't think we are enemies"
Ryo "Me neither"

Vash:  Ok, at this point I'm going to assume that ryo is just short for 
Ryoko.  Lazy bastard.

>Cye "I approve you don't look like any of the dark Dynasties Lords"

Aisha ( as Cye):  However, I don't approve the lack of commas in my 
speech.

>They followed Tenchi and his Group

Gohan:  Ok, we were able to make it somewhat humorous in the beginning, 
but now the author's random capitalizations are getting annoying!
Chris:  At least he puts them at the beginning of the words and not in 
the middle.  That would be annoying.
Vash:  Indeed.

>to the house and the Ronin warriors told 
their stories to Tenchi.  Tenchi now speechless with the complexities 
of their 
world said.
Tenchi "Wow so you were fighting those lords and then a Red portal 
opened and 
yous were sucked in but where were those lords sent"

Vash:  God, those capitalizations are going to make me shoot myself 
too!

>Ryo "Probably to another world"

Chris (as Sage):  Or maybe you're wrong!  Maybe we're in an alternate 
universe!  Considering your and our planet is called "earth"!

>Cye "hummmmmm"

Vash (as Cye):  I'm a fly! Heehee! Hummmmmmmm...

>Kento "So all we have to do is go back through that portal and it will 
take us 
back home"
Washu "Nope, that portal will just take you Not to your world but a new 
one"

Gohan:  Boy, Washu is acting like an idiot. no wonder she killed 
herself.

>Tenchi "well we have to help them ill go into the portal with them 
maybe the 
next world will have a way to change all of this"

All:  (blink)
Aisha (sarcastically):  That's smart!
Gohan:  Well, since this fic includes DBZ, they'll most likely use the 
Dragon Balls. 
Chris:  Eh, what can you expect?

>They all went to the portal and Tenchi walked inside the portal the 
Ronin 
Warriors Followed closely behind him and Ryoko & Ayeka behind them.  
When they 
woke up they were in a New World they knew nothing about.  They walked 
around a 
bit then came to a small campsite out in the middle of nowhere and 
another about 
50 yards off from that.  A fire was going so they stayed but when 2 
warriors 
came back to find someone intruding on them they wanted answers.  One 
warrior 
was about to kick Tenchi's ass but Ryoko stopped him by punching him 
and then he 
looked over at Ryoko and laughed and then sat down.

Vash (as punched warrior):  Ahahahhahaha, my nose is bleeding!  Ain't 
that a kick in the head! Ahahahahahahahah!

>Tony "I did not think you were all to much of a threat to us"
Rotnok "Well what the hell is going on here did you make a few new 
friends here"

Chris:  AAHH!!! A DBZ, Tenchi Muyo, Ronin Warriors, and self-insertion 
fic!!
Vash:  Dear God...
Aisha:  Not to mention the fact that the author seems to be putting his 
imaginary friend in this fic.
Gohan:  Waita second, Chris, you inserted yourself into this!
Chris:  Eh, I like being a hypocrite.

>Tony "No just met these people and they have a nice story to tell us 
before we 
kick their asses for being in our camp"
Tenchi and Ryo told Rotnok the story frankly Rotnok and Tony were 
speechless.
Tony "SO YOUR FROM A DIFFERENT WORLD"

Chris (as Tenchi):  Yea, that's pretty much it.  Why are you talking 
like that?
Gohan (as Tony):  EVERYBODY IN THIS WORLD TALKS IN CAPITALS, WHY DO YOU 
ASK?
Chris (as Tenchi):  No reason..

>Rotnok "Cool"
Ryo "Yeah Cool" He said sarcastically

Chris:  This author better not be calling Ryoko a man on purpose.

>Cye "Now we have to find a way to get out of this pickle"

Aisha (as Cye):  This pickles starting to rot and smell bad..
Vash:  That could be applied to describe the plot of this fic.
Aisha:  You're right!

>Tony "Yeah I bet"
Rotnok "Its too bad we cant help but I know someone who can"
Then Rotnok and Tony took the warriors to go see Goku in the hospital 
(He had 
just been in the battle).

Gohan:  What battle?  I don't remember a battle!

>Rotnok "Hey Goku these people are from a different world they need are 
help to 
get them to their own worlds"
Goku "Id love to help but if you have not noticed Rotnok IM IN A IRON 
LUNG HERE"

Chris (as Goku):  SORRY GUYS, I FORGOT TO TALK IN CAPS FOR A SECOND 
THERE.

>Gohan "Maybe the Dragonballs could help but Piccolo has been killed by 
Nappa and 
Vegeta we just fought them and won"

Gohan:  Dear God, I'm still a kid in this fic!  And I'm not even that 
strong of a kid yet!  I can't stand this, I must get out!   (starts 
powering up to shoot himself with a power beam)
Chris:  Hey, no I wanna kill you!  (pulls out an Uzi and paints Gohan's 
head with lead..heheh.. I rhymed..)
Gohan:  (dies)

>Tony "Yeah but Goku looks a little beat up"

Vash (as Goku):  IN CASE I WASN'T TALKING IN BIG ENOUGH CAPS THE FIRST 
TIME, I'M IN A FRICKIN' SUPPORT SYSTEM, YOU DUMBASS.

>Rotnok "Yeah, hey then how are we going to wish the Piccolo back if 
the 
Dragonballs are gone?"
Krillin "Bulma and Mr. Popo found a space pod by Yamsibet Heights out 
in the 
middle of nowhere it seems like it was Kame's ship that he got when he 
came here 
as a kid"

All:  AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!!!  Altered storylines!!! 
Aisha:  save us..(whimpers)

>Rotnok "AHhhh so that's how it is done"

Chris (as krillen):  what's done?

>Tony "Then we ask that you take these guys with you to Namek to get 
new D-balls"

Aisha (as Rotnok):  Yea, forget the dragon balls, we're going to get d-
balls instead, whatever the heck those are.

>Ryo "Where?"
Cye "Sounds like a place called N...Namek or something like that"

Vash( as Mr. Popo):  No, you misheard me.  I said Hades.
Chris:  That's where this author deserves to go.

>Kento "I new I should have had another hamburger"
Doctor "You can go get some food in the Cafeteria"

Aisha (as Doctor):  No, wait, I'm sorry, you can't.  We line our 
cafeteria food with sedatives so our patients will be calm all the 
time.

>Tony "Cafeteria food ewwwww"
Rotnok "Ditto"
Sage "How can you think of food"

Chris:  Actually, they're thinking about cafeteria food, which can't 
really be called food.
Vash:  It's more like chalk in various forms resembling food.

>Tenchi and the Girls "Were all hungry.  What's so bad about Cafeteria 
food"
Goku leans out to Rotnok "They must be out of Towner's hu"

Vash:  Hey, the author forgot Goku was in a big metal tube bed where 
only his head sticks out.  I mean, how could Goku lean over to Rotnok 
when he's like that?
Chris:  I don't know..
Aisha:  What's hu mean?

>Rotnok "Hehe that's funny"
Tony "What?"
Rotnok "Ill tell you later"
Cye and Sage "What's so funny?"

Chris (as Rotnok):  I said that I'd tell you later dangit!

>Rotnok "Nothing I...ummm...Look a naked chick in the window"
Unfortunately the only one he tricked was Tony and he was forced to 
run.  On the 
way he ran into Bulma and used her as a shield.

Aisha:  Um. is eveyone mad because he wouldn't tell them what was 
funny?
Vash:  Actually, I'd be pissed if someone told me there was a naked 
chick in a window when there wasn't

>Bulma "What the hell are you doing?"
Rotnok "Hide me"
Cye "Stop playing around let's just get going"
Rotnok and Cye told the story and Tony told them that they needed to 
look for 
the Namek Dragonballs to wish them to their other world and back to 
normal.  
Bulma wide mouthed (What else is new) was shocked and tried to gather 
up all of 
the stories.  She was happy to oblige and showed them all around until 
they 
reached the Capsule Corp. Building they went inside and went strait to 
where Dr. 
Briefs was rebuilding the ship.

Chris:  My head hurts, how could he already be rebuilding the ship?

>Bulma "There it is the ship we will be flying in"
Cye "It looks like a monster"

Aisha:  An orb looks like a monster?

>Ryo "Ditto"
Dr. Briefs "My dear who are your friends??"
Bulma "Friends from another world.  Hey guys I have to go visit Mr. 
Popo to 
learn how to operate this ship can yous all stay here my mom will get 
you some 
food and a room to stay in until we lift off"

Chris:  Bulma seems to be talking like someone from the mafia, saying 
youse.
Aisha (as Bulma):  Youse all stays here while I go steal- I mean, buy a 
spaceship!

>Cye "Happy to"
Kento "Very happy to"
Sage "Quit sucking up to her for food"

All: ...
Vash:  That sentence could be taken in a very perverted way..
Aisha:  (hits Vash on the head)  you're the perverted one!

>Kento "Shut up"
Ryo "Thank you"
Tenchi "I'm honored"
Ryoko "Tenchi hey hey hey" obviously under the impression that they 
were 
flirting "What the hell you doing?"

Chris:  That last sentence confused me.  A lot.

>Bulma just walked away and paid them no attention.  They all slept 
well at night 
and in the morning it was time to go the ship was rebuilt and it was 
time to go 
to Namek.  They all met at Master Roshi's house and that is where the 
girls met 
Master Roshi first hand (When I say hand I mean hand)
Ayeka "ahhhhh Hentai" She then slapped Master Roshi 

Vash:  Is she sayong 'ahhhhh' as in that's relaxing, or 'ahhhhh' as in 
get away from me?
Chris:  Don't ask me.

>Master Roshi "I......It..... It was a joke yeah that's it a joke"
Bulma "YOU DIRTY OLD FART"

Aisha (as Bulma):  YOU FORGOT TO SPEAK IN CAPS.
Vash (as Roshi):  I'M SORRY PLEASE ACCEPT MY APOLOGIES.

>Tenchi got into the ship and was not there for the hysterical moment 
of Gohan's 
arrival.  But of course the girls Ryoko and Ayeka thought it was cute 
and got 
praised by Chi-Chi and then it was time for lift off. Master Roshi 
shook 
Krillin's hand Gohan said good-bye to Chi-Chi.  The other 9 got on the 
ship and 
got settled in.  To say the least it was a little cramped in there.  If 
you 
walked through you always stepped on someone's feet. 

All ( as all of the people in the fic):  Ow Ow Ow Ow Ow Ow Ow Ow.

> It was not long before 
they were in the black outer space it was so quiet and then Bulma got 
up and 
went into the other room to sleep and left the 9 other people in there 
to fend 
for themselves. Krillin and Gohan just mentally fought

Chris:  yay, they're having a staring contest!

> and the rest slept then 
in the morning Bulma got up and they were being attacked by the drone 
ships.  It 
was intense but they ended up getting inside of a mirrored ship. 

Vash:  Mirror, Mirror, on the wall..

>They all got 
out and had a look around and were frankly surprised they were alive.
Krillin and Cye "Maybe it is an alien filled ship"
Bulma "n...no its not its deserted"
Gohan and Ryo "They why are the lights on"
Bulma and Kento "Good question"
Kento "Jinquies''

Chris:  AAAAAAHHH! The cursed word!
Aisha:  and he misspelled it too.
Vash:  everyone knows its jinkies!
Chris:  AAAAAAHHH!  Stop saying that!

>Ryo "Kento stop that"

Chris:  yes, please do!

>Bulma "Ooops forgot to put pants on"

Vash:  Huh?  Bulma with no pants on?  Where?

>Group "We noticed"
Krillin "Where is everybody if it is occupied"
Gohan "If I knew id tell you"

Aisha( as Gohan):  But id's not here, so he couldn't really tell you.

>Krillin "Ok then find out"
Ryo "....."
Cye "haha"

Chris:  What's so funny?  Did Rotnok tell him what he was laughing 
about earlier?

>then they all walked into a room where four places were set with a 
plate of food 
Kento sat at the foot of the table.  Ryo at the head and Bulma and 
Gohan at the 
sides.  as Ryo sat a knife flew out of the fruit that was set at the 
table and 
as he herd it he caught it. 

Chris(with a large vein developing on his forehead):  That is SO 
fucking it!  This author is calling Ryoko male for sure!!!  Guys, I'm 
afraid I must terminate this session. (turns off fic)
Aisha:  What?  Did you think we were going to disappointed?
Chris:  Eh..not really.
Vash:  So we're done?
Chris:  Yup.
Aisha:  Actually, this wasn't that bad.  Well, except for when those 
two died (points at Washu's headless body and Gohan's corpse).
Chris:  Well, Aisha, I guess you'll want to go home (teleports Aisha 
back to her own universe)  You Vash, must stay here until you die.
Vash:  Awww fuck!
Chris:  (grins) sucks for you!

Fin

(Author's note:  Really, I only ended this one early because it was too 
long, and I didn't want to make a two parter of a single MST.  Eh, 
Disclaimer. I don't own Aisha, Vash, Washu, Gohan, or (shudder) 
Pikachu.  They are owned by various animation companies or whatever.  
But I do own myself.)


