Out in space, on the far side of the moon, there is a small 
underground faculty which is home to volumes of horrible fanfictions 
written by authors of equal quality.  Here, Chris Bozeman has been 
sentenced, for undiscussable reasons, to watch and review each fanfic.  
He is joined by several anime characters to help him in his task.
Now, to introduce the MSTers for this session.
Chris:  The madman living in this hellhole of an excuse for a spacebase 
(heheh.. that rhymes.).  But in other words he is me!
Suzuka:  The sword slinging bounty hunter from Outlaw Star.
Eddie:  The little girl (or boy?) from Cowboy Bebop.  Kindof childish.
Quatre Rebarbae Winner: The blonde little rich boy with a middle name 
that just needs saying.  He's from Gundam Wing.
Special Guest:  To be announced..(it always is, dammit!)
(Everyone is standing outside the theater door, which has a sign with 
"reconstruction completed" hastily scribbled on it.)
Quatre: Um..where am I
Chris: Now then, I finally repaired the theater, so no more shorties.
Eddie:  Movies movies!
Quatre:  Hey.someone tell me where I am.
Suzuka:  Sorry, no can do!
Eddie:  Chris person says no person supposed to know where this place 
is!
Quatre: ..why?  I can tell we're on the moon by looking outside.
Chris:  Because, dammit!  Now then.our special guest is...R-Ryoko!
Suzuka:  This should be interesting.
Eddie:  Why cuz?
Quatre:  It appears he has an obsession with Ryoko.
Chris (with paper bag over head):  Don' let her see me, 'kay?
Ryoko:  Too late, fanboy.
Chris:  (whines)
Ryoko:  I also happen to know what you've been doing here.(her eye 
twitches)
Chris:  W-whaddaya mean?!?
Ryoko:  Let's just say I've come to collect Tenchi's body.. And YOURS!!
Eddie: Why Ryoko person angry?
Chris:  AAAAAAAAAHHHH!!
Ryoko:  Come here you monster!
Chris:  Heyheyheyhey!  I didn't kill him!  No..wait..yes I did...
Ryoko:  I'm gonna kill you!!-Ugh! (is hit over head by the hilt of 
Suzukas sword.)
Chris:  Uggh.thanks Suzuka.toss her in the cargo bay and eject it...
Suzuka:  Sure..(drags off Ryoko's unconscious body, and returns)
Quatre:  Um..you don't do this often, do you?
Chris:  Pretty much, yea.  Why?
Quatre:  I fear for my future.
Chris:  Oh, that.  Whatever, let's get started. (everyone goes into the 
theater and the fic starts)

>Washu's Schoolgirl Experience

Suzuka:  What, are they going to tell about Washu going to an Earth 
school?
Chris:  I.doubt it.
     
   >Tenchi Muyo and all related characters are property
of, well, whatever company it is that owns Tenchi Muyo
(aka: not me)  Don't sue me for using these
characters; 1. I'm not the only one using them, 2. I'm
not profiting off of them, 3. It's free advertising
for whoever owns them.  So get off my back!!  (unless
of course you're really hot, then by all means, be on
my back.  :)

Suzuka:  As long as I get to break it.

       >This fan fic contains adult themes, and if you find
sex insulting, offending, or such, do not read this
story.  If you are offended by this story, don't wine
to me-

Quatre (as author):  unless it's fine wine.

>I warned ya'
Now, here's the story. . .
        'Tenchi, where are you?' yelled out the little Sasami
as she added the finishing touches to the expectedly
great dinner.

Eddie (as sasami):  Muahahahahaha.this is my greatest dinner of all!!! 
Eat, and despair!!!
Chris:  That was an eerily accurate imitation Ed..
Eddie:  Thank you, Chris person.

       >Tenchi, walking into the kitchen, smiled at Sasami
and said, 'I'm right here Sasami.'  He reached over
the little girl to get a taste of the food, but all he
got was a smack in the hand from a wooden spoon.

Quatre (as Sasami):  No food until you be my bitch and let me thrash 
you with this spoon!
Suzuka:  You're.going a bit too far there...
Quatre:  Dammit no I'm not!!! (starts to spasm)

        >'You'll spoil your appetite,' chided Sasami.  "Now go
fetch Washu from her lab for dinner."  Tenchi walked
away chuckling to himself, so he didn't hear Sasami
tiptoeing behind him.

Chris:  With a bloody knife in her hand..

  >After Tenchi walked through the
door into Washu's lab, the little princess reached up
and slid the bolt into the 'locked' position.

Quatre:  I don't like where this is going...

      >'Well done Sasami,' came Washu's voice from a
floating computer console that had just appeared.
'Your reward for helping me is

Suzuka (as Washu): to be my eternal slave!! HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!

 >sitting in your bedroom
twiddling his thumbs as we speak."

Chris:  That's confusing.who is it.
Eddie:  Be gross is it was Yosho person..
Quatre:  Or Noboyuki..
Chris:  That's not possible..I killed 'im.

        >Sasami ran off to her room, yelling back to Washu,
'Don't hurt Tenchi, or I'll stop doing your
dirty-work!'

Quatre:  E-ew.that could be taken several ways.. ( Ed wanders out of 
the theater with no one noticing)

  >Washu just giggled as the computer
console flickered into nothingness.

Chris:  Washu giggling.that's new..

 >~~~
        'Washu, where are you?' called out Tenchi as he
wandered aroung the maze-like lab. 

Suzuka:  Hey, aroung!  The author made a word!  Hurray for him!
Quatre:  I wish I could make up a word..

 >All of a sudden,
adult-Washu stepped out in front of Tenchi wearing a
sexy Catholic Schoolgirl uniform.  'Oh no!  Washy,
No!'  Tenchi , blood streaming from his nose, ran off.
 However, all he could find were locked doors.
Chris (as Tenchi):  Must get.to.bathroom.find .Viagra..get..HORNY!!!
Quatre:  That's not right.

        >Without warning, a swarm of snakelike metallic
tentacles shot out and caught ahold of Tenchi.

Suzuka:  Oh god not tentacle sex!
Chris:  Um.I don't think you can do that with a man.
Quatre:  Unless you stick them up his a-
Chris:  Do NOT finish that sentence!  I don't want bad dreams!
Suzuka:  Hey...where's Eddie?
Chris:  I dunno.  Now's a good time to stop the movie and look for 
her/him.
(they leave the theater and start looking in all of the places Ed would 
hang out.)
Quatre:  Um..I found something.. (looks at a message sprayed in red 
paint on a wall by the exit.)
Suzuka:  It says "ed is tiyurd uv moovies.  Went home."
Chris:  Oh dear god.don't tell me she/he went outside.
Quatre:  Um. (looks out the window) yup, she/he did.  Without a 
spacesuit, too!
Chris:  Eh.mystery solved.  Back to the fic. (Everyone goes back into 
the theater)

  >Tenchi
soon found himself standing in a small room that
looked like a schoolroom, with the only differences
being the complete lack of doors, and the hot tub
where the teacher's desk should have been.

Quatre:  A hot tub.?

        >A clear tone rang out and Washu walked in through a
hidden door on one of the walls.  She walked over to
one of the desks.  The desk she walked to had several
large textbooks (Nuclear Physics for Mad Scientists,
World Dominators: Caesar to You, and such)

Suzuka:  Some author didn't do their homework.  Caesar wasn't shooting 
for world domination.  Or domination at all for that matter.

 >stacked on
it.  'Washu, tell me what's going on,' pleaded Tenchi.
 'Please let me go.'  Washu dropped a small pencil on
the ground, and it rolled over to where Tenchi was
standing.

Chris:  Does the small pencil has a meaning?  'Cause I can think of a 
few.

        >'Look what you made me do.'  Washu strode over to
Tenchi and carresed his cheek with her finger.  She
spun around and leaned over to pick of her pencil.
>From underneath her short skirt flashed her plain
white underwear.  Tenchi felt himself grow, and his
hand slowly reached forward, as if with a mind of its
own.  It got closer and closer to Washu's perfectly
rounded ass.  As he was about to firmly grab the ass,

Quatre:  Notice, he's grabbing it firmly, not loosely.
Chris:  Absolutely.  If he were to grab it loosely, it would slip out 
of his grip and he would never see it again.

>Washu stood up and spun around to see his hand.

        'Oh, you like that, do you?' said Washu in a highly
seductive voice.  'How about this?' she said, grabbing
Tenchi's hand and thrusting up the from on her plaid
skirt.

Suzuka:  anyone know what a from is in this context?
Chris:  No clue.

 > Gasping, Tenchi felt the coarse fabric of the
skirt and the smooth silky panties.  He started
rubbing his hand over Washu's womanhood through the
silk, but when Washu started to moan, she pulled his
had away.

        'Folow me.'  Washy walked over to the hottub, pealing

Chris:  Ok, two questions: who the hell is 'Washy' and what does 
'folow' mean?
Quatre:  I think 'folow' is a typo, like "pealing".
Chris:  Don't be too sure..these authors are tricky.  I know!  Let's 
play that last segment backwards!

>gnilaep, buttoh eht ot revo deklaw yhsaW '.em woloF'

.yawa dah
 sih dellup ehs ,naom ot uhsaW nehw tub ,klis
eht hguorht doohnamow s'uhsaW revo dnah sih gnibbur
detrats eH  .seitnap yklis htooms eht dna triks
eht fo cirbaf esraoc eht tlef ihcneT ,gnipsaG <

Chris:  There!  'But' backwards is 'tub'!  The author is obviously 
trying to hypnotize us into buying hot tubs!  It all makes sense.the 
hot tub.the backwards message.this author is really a salesperson!  Now 
we need more evidence..let's rewind it some more and play the whole 
thing back-(is hit on the head by the hilt of Suzuka's sword)
Chris: .ow.I needed that.

>off the top of her uniform as she did.  Underneath was
a small skin-tight t-shirt with a crab picture over
her large breasts.

Quatre:  Wait, do school girls usually wear crab shirts underneath 
their uniforms?
Chris:  In the case of Washu.probably.

>  As she and Tenchi lowered
themselves into the hottub, an exact replica of Washu
walked in through the hidden door wearing a skimpy
tank-top and a thong. 

Suzuka:  Well, considering Tenchi saw the same hidden door before, it 
isn't really hidden anymore, is it?

 >'Meer Washy2,'

Chris:  This author needs to install like 50 spellcheckers into his 
computer, if his current one is missing all these horrid mistakes..

 >said the
Washu's.  'She is an extension of me, and exact
replica; we even have a combined mind,' they
continued.  Washu2 jumped into the tub.
        Tenchi stared back and forht at the two pairs of
breasts sandwiching him in (Hmm, lunchmeat doesn't
sound like quite as bad a profession now, doesn't
it?). 

Quatre:   I dunno..something about being pressed between two slices of 
ground wheat with yeast in them and being devoured alive for and hourly 
fee of $4.00 makes me think twice about that choice for a career.

 >The wet fabic covering them revealed almost
all.
    Washu1 slowly dove underwater and pulled off Tenchi's
boxers. 

Suzuka:  Wait, when did the author mention that he only had boxers on 
in the first place?  Or had he just been wandering around a house full 
of desperate women with only his boxers on?

 >She started to lick his balls, and then
placed his penis in her mouth.  She slowly slid back
and forth as she constantly tantalized his head with
her tongue.
        Washu2, wanting in on the action, sat on Tenchi's
stomach, placing her breasts right in Tenchi's face.
He quickly reached up and removed her tank top, then
stared her perfectly shaped firm boobs. 

Quatre:  It sounds like it would be hard to take off someone's top 
while it was mashed in your face.

>He starting
rubbing and licking Washu2, bringing up moans from
her.

        Washu1 released Tenchi.  She slid off her silk
underwear.  She slid onto Tenchi's penis, who, when he
noticed what was happing, started thrusting into her.

Chris:  Wait, does happing mean someone was getting happy?
Suzuka:  That's already happened, stupid!
Chris:  What? .oh.

>Every thrust he went all of the way in, and then came
almost entirely out.

Quatre:  The other end.
Others :  (gag)

  >Washu1 reached forward to finger
Washu2, which Tenchi also did at the same time.  The
pushed the thong aside and started in.  Washu2 reached
down with both hands, one to rub Washu'd

Suzuka:  I'm not going to bother pointing out that mistake.
Chris: Um.you just did.

 >breasts, and
the other to tickle Tenchi's balls.

Chris:  He has balls?  That's a revelation if I ever heard one! (All of 
a sudden Ryoko busts through the doors and starts choking Chris)
Ryoko:  You stupid fuck!!  My Tenchi has balls!!!  Or at least he did 
before you killed him!
Chris:  I (gak) was afraid this (choke) would happen!! (pushes a button 
on his armrest)
Ryoko:  What did you just do!?!?!?
Chris:  heh..I just set off the explosives set up all around this 
station.  It has a timer of 60 seconds before it takes out this station 
and the moon with it!
Ryoko:  NO!  I have to get out of here!! (runs off towards what she 
thinks is the exit)
Quatre:  Um...pardon my asking, but.did you really activate a bomb?
Chris:  No...just a built-in massager..(chair starts vibrating) 
aahhhhh..
Others:  (Facefault)
Suzuka:  What about Ryoko?
Chris:  Eh..the security drones will catch her.  In fact-(holds hand to 
ear)
Ryoko:  (being dragged away by big security drones)  AAARGGHH!!  The 
little bastard!!  Lemme go! I'll kill him!!
All: (turn back to fic)

        >Both Washus were immediately screaming and shouting
(After all, their mind was getting the sensation of
having two breasts being rubbed, one breast being
licked, one pussy being fingered by two people, and
one pussy being very energetically fucked.)

Quatre: Wait, Washu has three boobs and two pussies?
Chris:  (hits Quatre in the back of the head) Idiot!  The author is 
talking about both of the Washus!

        >All three of them came at once.  The Washus's juice
stained the water, while Tenchi's 'little soldiers'

Chris:  Unless the author means Tenchi's balls, Tenchi apparently has 
multiple dicks.
All:  Ewwww...

>filled Washu to overflowing.

Suzuka:  In fact, she was so overflowing, it welled up inside her, 
causing her to explode into gooey little pieces.
Others:  (barf)

 > The three of them just
laid there, resting.

Chris:  (sarcastically) nooo, they went and played an energetic game of 
tennis.

>~~~

Chris:  (shields his eyes) hissssss! Page breaks!  The bane of my 
existence!
Quatre:  Really??  (starts writing various page breaks on a sheet of 
paper, including the infamous 
!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*() from "DBZ Muyo")

      >  'Tenchi, Sasami sent you to get Washu and hour and a
half ago!' Ayeka yelled when Tenchi and Washu walked
out of the lab.  'What took you so long?!'  Tenchi and
Washu looked at eachother, then burst into laughter.

Suzuka:  Although it's pointless to complain, but, there's a space 
between 'each' and 'other' in each other.

        >This was my first lemon fanfic (it was actually my
first fanfic ever) 

Quatre:  (sarcastically) wow, I never would've noticed.

 >Please send comments to
eldar_14@yahoo.com  Please tell me what you thought of
this story.

Chris:  Unless this guy's old and misspelled 'elder', he must play 
Warhammer 40,000.
Quatre:  Um.what?
Chris:  Never mind. (everyone leaves the theater)
Chris:  So, what did you guys think of this one?
Suzuka:  Crap, like everything else I've seen here.
Quatre:  A change from the usual "Washu kidnaps Tenchi and performs 
random sexual experiments on him" plot most authors use when writing 
Washu-Tenchi lemons.
Chris:  Finally, I think that I will hunt this guy down for no reason.
Suzuka:  Why would you do that?
Chris:  Are you deaf?  I just said "for no reason".  I'm a psycho, what 
do you expect?
Quatre:  Y'know, a crazy person cannot know they're insane, or will 
admit it.
Chris:  Really?  Hmm..could it be I'm not crazy? ....Naaaa, if that 
were the case, the Digger Smolken isn't crazy either! (Shoots Quatre)
Suzuka:  Oh, great you killed another one! (thinks)  Wait, why haven't 
you killed me yet?
Chris:  I do not know, for I am mad!
Suzuka:  Stop stealing people's lines!!

End

Disclaimer:  I do not own Suzuka, Quatre, Ryoko, or Ed.  No suing.
On another note, should I stop killing anime characters and get a solid 
MST cast?
I doubt many people will let me know.

Death Count: 2 (I'm slipping, I know)

