     Deep within the vastness of space is a ship known as the Soja II. Why is
it called the Soja II you ask? Well the author was lazy and couldn't come up
with a decent name of his own. (A/N: HEY!!) ^_^; Anyway.....the beings on
this ship have been called upon by an all powerful entity known as Tokimi.

     She forces them to watch things that would make the bravest soul cringe
with disgust. Tokimi hopes to fill her victims with so much hatred, anger,
and loathing in a certain diminutive genius that it will lure her in like a
flew to a bug zapper.

     This is their story......

     (In the Entertainment Room of the ship Buu and Slim Shady(Eminem) are
playing Dead or Alive 2 on Sega Dreamcast)

Slim: Take that fat boy!
Buu: Awwwww!
Slim: Yeah! Zack is the shit! No one can beat him!
Buu: Best three out five!
Slim: Your on Pinky!
(The room trembles slightly)
Buu: (fumbling madly with controllers) You feel something?
Slim: (ditto) Nope.

(Just then Tsunami enters. Her face is red and her hair is damp. Its obvious
that she has just taken a shower)

Tsunami: Serves you right pervert!! That's the FOURTH time you've tried to
walk in on me in the shower!!

(A severely charred Bizarre staggers in)

Biz: ....ow.....
Tsunami: Next time I'll blast your nether region!
Slim: (focused on game) Peter I wish you'd cut that shit out. Its obvious
you
ain't getting none.
Biz: I can dream...heeheehee

(The sound of alarms blaring echoes throughout the ship)

Tokimi: (on intercom) Enough games! You've had plenty of time to rest up.
Get
in the theater!
Buu: (throws controller down) NO FAIR!! You cheat!
Slim: ^_~  Hey you got the fighting skills but when it comes to video games
I'm the champ!
Tsunami: *sigh* Ok Tokimi what is it this time.
Tokimi: A little something starring Washu. You'll find out the rest when you
watch. Oh and before I forget. You'll be receiving two guests.

(a flash of ligh and two people appear. The female is wearing hardly
anything. Tight yellow shorts that don't even reach her knees, white boots,
a
matching leather yellow blouse that just barely covers her 36C chest, and a
unzipped red jacket. Her skin is milky white and her violet hair runs down
to
her shoulders)

???Woman: What the hell is this!?

(The second is a young man with an almost sickly thin frame. His hair is
green and spiky. His eyes are an uneven shade of brown. He's wearing dark
pants with a matching jacket and a yellow shirt underneath)

???Man: Gee Faye, what have you gotten me into this time?
Faye: WHAT!? Why do you think this is my damn fault!?! I'm as clueless as
you!
Man: (lights a cigarette) Well it just so happens that it is usually always
your fault so don't get bent out of shape about it.
Faye: Spike! Your such a lunkhead!!
Spike: Wench!

(Before Spike or Faye can say another word the are both grabbed by Buu who
escorets them to the theater. The others follow closely and take their seats
in the following order.....Bizarre, Faye, Spike, Tsunami, Slim, and Buu)

Spike: So ya say we're gonna watch these fics? Ha! Sounds simple enough. I
needed a break anyway.
Biz: (rubbing Faye's thigh) So what's your sign baby?
Faye: (points the business end of her oozi at Biz's crotch) ....stop.....
Biz: 0_0;
Tsunami: Well Mr. Spike. This won't be as easy as you think.
Faye: Oh?

disclaimer:i do not own tenchi or any of the tenchi characters, blah,
blah,blah, blah okay......cool...^_^

Spike: What the hell kinda disclaimer was that?
Faye: The kind that the AIC and Pioneer lawyers simply enjoy. It makes the
lawsuit that easier to win.
Tsunami: He didn't capitalize any of the appropriate words.
Slim: Ya gonna nitpick aren't ya?
Tsunami: ^_^

(Washu’s lab)---------”Yes! it’s almost complete!” Washu says wiith
a sense
of completion in her voice.  “Those rotten good for nothin little brats!
they’
ll all be sorry. Aaaaahahahahaah!!!!!

Slim: (points at Washu on screen) (Old geezer) EVIL! *WA-PANG* OW! tha
hell!?
Faye: (picks up mallet that nailed Slim. It has a note attached to it)
Please
don't use jokes from our good MSTs to do your bad ones. Love Peter S.?

(dinner time, tenchi and the gang are all sitting around the dinner table
getting ready fora fabulous feast prepared by sasami)

Tsunami: Does this author even care about capitalization?
Spike: (taking another puff of his cig) Obviously not.
Biz: Well atleast he has the stereotypical beginnings of the story. Ya
know...with Sasami cooking and never doing anything else.
Tokimi: (on intercom) Oh she'll be doing alot in this...hehehehe....
All: 0_0;

-----”gee, i wonder why washu hasn’t come down for dinner.” said
yosho, in a
slightly dissapointed voice.

Buu: To stay out bad fic!
Slim: Hope not. It'll be hard to make fun of her if she isn't in this thing.

“i know, she’s been really busy lately,” said tenchi, “all cooped up
in
that dark cold lab.  i could’ve sworn i heard several different people
screeming in agonizing pain!”

All: uh-oh....
Spike: And everyone is ok with hearing the screams?
Slim: AIIIIIIEEEEE!!!
Biz: What was that?
Faye: Oh just someone's terrorfied scream....not important *yawn*
Tsunami: Scream is spelled wrong.

“oh, that was just me and aye--ow! ayeka that hurt!” screemed sasami.

Tsunami: (balling up fists) The author better not be implying what I think!

“uuhh, she doesn’t know what shes talking about, i think she has turets
or
something”
“Sasami!, i thought i told you not to mention what we do every night after
everyone goe’s to bed!” Ayeka whispered in sasami’s ear.

All: 0_o;

“oh, sorry Ayeka.”

“thats okay, just don’t let anyone find out, i’d hate to think about
how ten
chi would react if he found out that i’m a-a-a child molester!”

Spike: (Cig falls out of his mouth) WHAT!?
Slim: Jesus fucking Christ! Their sisters!

“its okay ayeka, your secrets safe with me.”

Faye: No you should be telling your family so your pervert sister can be
thrown in jail and you can seek psychiatric help. (Enter volley of logs) Eh?
KRRRZAAAPAPAPAPAPA!!
All: (charred) ...ow....

(flash-back)

Spike, Slim, Biz: ( a la Wayne's World) Doodley dooo doodley dooo!!!

<sasami walks into ayekas room>  “Ayeka.”

 “what is it sasami”

Biz: (Sasami) I think the question mark ran away because of this fic.
Faye: (Ayeka) Yes. We should follow its example.

<sasami walks over next to ayeka>

”today while i was picking carrots, a group of boy’s about my age
surrounded
me and ripped off all my clothes and started feeling feeling my-my private
area’s.  I screemed and told them to stop but they wouldn’t! i was
really
scared and i didn’t know what to do!they hurt me really really badly.”

Tsunami: (Bob from Reboot) This....is bad....
Slim: Boys? I thought the lived on a fucking island! How and why would these
boys go outta their way to try and rape a girl?

<ayeka looked at sasami in shock>”show me where they hurt you.”

Tsunami: I sense a great disturbance in the force.
Faye: PLEASE don't show her!!

“o-okay” sasami replied in a trembling voice. <sasami slowly took off
her
clothes and then removed her little pink panties with salior moon on them. >

All: -_-
Spike: And somewhere the Sailor Scouts are cringing with disgust.

  “eww!” ayeka replied in a discusted voice. “what exactly did they
put
inside of, well you?

Tsunami: Disgusting its spelled with a 'g' not 'c' you FOOL!!
Spike: Tsunami my dear, trying to get the point of proper spelling across to
the author of this lemon is like trying to bash your head agianst a brick
wall. Sure its amusing at first but eventually you get a headache.

“they put these weird stick looking things attached to themselves into
me.”

All: ..........
Buu: Me not think Sasami that naive!
Faye: And where was the rest of the Tenchi clan during this, hm?

“here, let me clean you up” said ayeka. <as ayeka walked inside the
bathroom
to get a wet washcloth to clean up sasami’s swollen clit, a sudden nasty
feeling came over her.  something about rape really made ayeka horny, aside
from the fact that she hasn’t gotten laid for over 800 years!>

Tsunami: (annoyed) Well it seems this author has given up on the whole
capitalization concept.
Slim: Is anyone else not liking where this is going?
(All nod)
Biz: Heehee....hasn't got laid in 800 years. No wonder she's so uptight!
(Enter volley of logs.....agian) *KAZZZZAPAPAPAPAPAAAAAZAP!!*
Others: (charred) BIZARRE!!

<ayeka applied pressure on sasami’s sex, as sasami screemed with pain
ayeka
wouldnt stop. a strange feeling came over ayeka and she kept pushing the wet
cloth into sasami’s now bleeding pussy>

Ladies: (whince crossing their legs) AAAAAIIIIIIIIIEEEE!!!
Spike: (lighting up another cig) Be calm, Spikey boy. You were a member of
the Red Dragons. You killed for a living. This can't get to you.

“oo ayeka please stop! it hurts! it hurts!”sasami sceemed.  “shutup
you
little bitch this will only take a second!” ayeka exclaimed. But deep down
ayeka knew that it wouldn’t take a second,she was gonna keep doing this
untill she didn’t know when.

Slim: I don't know why but I feel this is all Washu's fault!
Biz: YEAH! Ain't the bitch a genius? She always knows what's going on! She
should of stopped this bullshit!
Tsunami: (sobbing) Oh my dear sister. How could you not come to Sasami's
aid?

(In some unknown part of the ship Tokimi watches.)

Tokimi: It seems that the fic is beginning to take affect. Their hatred for
Washu grows and it'll be only a matter of time before the harvest enough to
lure Washu into my little trap!! (put her right pinky up to the corner of
her
lips and laughs Dr. Evil stlye) MWAHAHAHAMWAHAHAHAHAMWAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!

“please ayeka stop!” <after 15 minutes ayeka stopped>  “there! all
better”
ayeka said as she smirked. “I’m gonna rape you sasami!” said ayeka
with
anevil look in her eye.

Faye: SHE'S GONNA WHAT!?

“your gonna what!?” asked sasami more confused and scared than she’s
ever
been.

All: 0_0; WE'RE ALL SCARED AND CONFUSED!!!

<ayeka then put duck tape around sasami’s mouth and tied her down to her
four
poster. Sasami had tears in her eyes.  ayeka than began to strip herself
naked.

Biz: I thought they slept in those futon things.
Slim: Just smile and nod.

“now where did i put that----Aha! there it is” ayeka said as she
strapped on
a 14 inch penis.

All: 0_o;
Buu: She better not do what Buu think or POWPOW OW OW!!!
Spike: And then Ryoko phased in an blasted a hole in Ayeka thus sparing us
the rape scene. Then she found the author of this crap and decapitated
him....after castrating him first, thus saving the world from the horror
that
is The Erotic Torture Chamber.
(Ryoko appears)
Ryoko: I can do that ya know!
Biz: (patting Ryoko's rear end) What's your sign little mama? *WHAM!*
Ryoko: (rubbing her red knuckles) Stop.....(vanishes)
Slim: Hmmm I think he'll be out for a little bit.
(And there was much rejoice)

“i am now going to put this inside of you.” said ayeka, tears still
pouring
out of sasami’s eyes.

Buu: (red aura surrounding him) You keep hands to self haughty princess!
Spike: (pointing Desert Eagle) You heard the pink marshmallow!
(All awake member have by now either powered up or drawn guns)

<ayeka aimed the dick between sasami’s swollen bloody clit and began to
fuck
her.>

All: NOOOOOO!!
Spike and Slim: (fire their guns at the screen)
Faye: (has pulled out several hand gernades. Not even the author of this MST
knows exactly how she hid then in that skimpy outfit)
Buu and Tsunami: (fire their respected ki blasts)
(The screen explodes into flames and when the dust settles the screen is not
only still there, but not even scratched.)
Tokimi: (intercom) Ha! You can thank Washu for the indestructable screen! I
got the idea from her!
All: ARRRGH!!
Slim: That bitch has managed to screw us agian!!

<sasami tried to screem but her voice was blocked by the duck tape><ayeka
continued to hump sasami’s small pussy furiously.in and out ayeka went for
hours!

Faye: Isn't the author excited about all this.
Spike: He's the only one.
Biz: (wakes up) uh....wha? 0_0 (gropes Faye's breasts who in turn pistol
whips him. He is out cold.....agian)
Spike: Hmm...pretty smart of him.

<ayeka then laid sasami on her stomach.  she tied sasami down into a
position
where sasami was bent over. “okay sasami, this is really going to hurt
you!”
said ayeka with an evil smile on her face. ayeka opened up sasami’s
asshole
and stuck 3 inches of the fake cock inside. Sasami screemed incredibly loud.
<
smack!> ayeka slapped sasami in the face and told her to shut up or she’d
bring the whip out. ayeka put in another 3 inches. sasami screemed so loud
that it hurt ayekas ears.

All: (covering their ears)
Slim: Damn surround sound!!
Tsunami: I shall find some way to escape and when I do I shall punish this
author severly!

“thats it!” she screemed, “after i’m done ass fucking you i’m
gonna lash
you! you little bitch!”

Spike: Yeah I'd like to lash the moron who wrote this.
Slim: Nah, he'd probably get off on it.
Faye: How disgusting.....yet very true. -_-;

<and ayeka continued to hump sasami. sasami screemed with every hump ayeka
pumped her with. Blood was splurtting out of sasamis ass like a waterfall.
now blood was all over ayeka.>

All: GAH!!
Tsunami: Can't...go...on....horrible.....punctuation.....pitiful
spelling....feeling weaker...
Spike: Seems like Tsunami's weakness is bad fan fiction.
Faye: I think its everyones weakness...urp...

“okay little sister, i think thats enough for tonight. i’m gonna release
you
now,but if you dare tell anyone ESPECIALLY Tenchi, i will rape you ten
timesharder. Do you understand!?”

Slim: I understand that Ayeka is a pedo super bitch!
(enter twice as many logs as before) *KAZAKAZAKAZAKAZAKAZAKAAAAAAZAP!!!*
All: (charred except Tsunami who's in energy barrier) owie....
Tsunami: Serves you right. Ayeka isn't really like this. The author has
defiled her good name! I must find some way to exact proper justice on this
author.

<the words wich sounded enough like “okay” came out of sasami’s mouth
through
the duck tape.>

Faye: HA! She sounds like Spike after he got his ass handed to him by that
Pierre nut!
Spike: Hmph! I think I faired pretty well agianst a genetically engineered
psycho! Besides, if I recall he left you with your ass in the air.
Biz: And what a fine ass it-*WHAM!* (out cold)
Faye: Thanks!
Buu: ^_^

(preasent time: Washu’s lab)

Tsunami: How sad. He can't even spell present.

There all gonna pay, every last one of them!
AAAAAAAAAHHHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!!!!!!!!!

Slim: Let me guess. The short bitch is gonna rape the whole lot of them.
Tokimi: (intercom) HEY! Have you read this before?
Others: o_0;

to be continued...

All: NOOOOOOOOO!!!!

i’m sure i probably took a lot of you by suprise with the whole ayeka
raping
and torchering her little sister , and i’m sure your all curious as to
what
Washu

Slim: (geezer) EVIL!
(hit by mallet...agian) *ZLONG!!*

( my dream goddess) has in store for tenchi and the others. It will all be
revealed in my next fics! i am open to comments,questions negetive
orpositive, i love em all!!!!!

Faye: Not as much as I'm gonna love taking this here gernade and shoving it
up that pedo ass of yours!
Spike: For once I'm in agreement with her.
(All exit the theater and return to the lobby, except for Bizarre. He's
still
out cold.)

Slim: That wasn't really that bad.
Tsunami: NOT THAT BAD!?
Spike: I agree. The spelling and run-ons were so frequent that it softened
the shock value of the story.
(Tokimi appears in all her glory.)

Tokimi: So I see you managed to keep your sanity.
Faye: Yeah we're still here.
Slim: Aren't we suppose to be riffing Washu? She was barely mentioned in
this
shit.
Tokimi: Oh did I forget to tell you that this story has eight more chapters.
Others: WHAT!?!
Tokimi: And their all starring Washu and Sasami!
Others: NOOOO!!
Tokimi: I've also decided to keep Spike and Faye here indefinately. They
seem
to mix well with the rest of you.
Spike and Faye: NOOOO!!!
Tokimi: So rest up. The next part will be here......very soon. (vanishes,
laughing)
Spike: I can't believe this!!
Faye: Another story!? That's it! The next person to get on my nerves shall
be
beaten serverly!
(Bizarre stagger in)

Biz: What's the deal? What I miss? *WHAM!!BLAMBLAM!!KA-POW!!*
Faye: I feel much better. (Walks into kitchen)
Buu: (heading for entertainment room) Slim-boy! Best eight out ten!
Slim: Your on!

I think this one came out a little better than the first don't you? All the
characters in this MST don't belong to me, but you probably already knew
that.

As for the story Erotic Torture Chamber (A/N: Though there is nothing really
erotic about it) it belongs to James Padilla. He made it not me....go kill
him! Yes I plan to MST the rest of his E.T.C series, sadly so, but every
good
MST group needs an arch-nemesis. Some have the Phucknut, others have Tank
Cop, and it seems I have found mine.