Noboyuki's Quest MSTed
original fic by Tom "009" Doscher
MSTed by Mitch

Tenchi Universe is owned by AIC/Pioneer.  Based on Tenchi Muyo, 
created by Masaki Kajishima and Hiroshi Hayashi.  Used without 
permission.  

Daria is owned by MTV Networks.  Daria created by Glenn Echler.
Used without permission.
 
Mytery Science Theater 3000 is owned by Best Brains.  Created by
Joel Hogdson.  Used without permission.

(In Daria's room, Daria is at the computer while Jane and Trent watch)

Jane: Watch'a reading, Daria?
Daria: A Tenchi fan-fic with an interesting title.  Wanna read with me?  
Trent: Sure.  I'm into Tenchi.  My choice in wardrobe and hair came from his
nighttime look.

Tenchi is the property of AIC and Pioneer.  

Daria: But Pioneer and Toonami get the credit.
Jane:(as anyone from AIC) Don't mind us.  We just _made_ the show.

Noboyuki's Quest

	"Ugh!  I can't believe this place!"  Aeka remarked, holding up a pair of 
old gym shorts while pinching her nose with the other hand.  "When do you 
suppose was the last time Noboyuki cleaned out this attic?"
	"Years, it looks like,"  Kiyone replied, moving some boxes.

Daria: So why isn't -he- cleaning it?
Jane: At least they're saving Sasami the trouble.

	"All right, Noboyuki!"  Ryoko cried, holding up an unopened bottle of 
scotch with dust all over it.  She blew the dust off and read the date.  
"Sixteen years old!  Lucky!"

Jane:(as Ryoko) Free drinks!  I should have started chores long ago!

	"Oh, goody,"  Aeka grumbled.  "His hentai collection."

Daria: I hope that was sarcasm.
Trent: Unless Ayeka is interested in...well...

	"Ewww!"  Mihoshi exclaimed.

Jane: I don't see her saying "EW!"  I imagine her going "Oh, my!"
 like she usually does.

	"Who reads this stuff?!"  Aeka asked in disbelief, shaking her head while 
gathering up the magazines.  

Daria: I'd tell you, but the list is long.

"Playpen, Penthouse..."  She picked one up.  

Jane: He buys American magazines?
Trent: Imagine the cost of shipment.
Daria: He couldn't find enough pornography in Japan for his tasts. 

"Crack Whore Magazine?!"

Daria: Call me picky but that doesn't sound Japanese -or- a pleasing
title.
Jane: Maybe it's a bad translation or the readers aren't supposed
to take it seriously.
Trent: Sounds like something from "South Park".

	"Heh, who's on the cover?"  Ryoko asked in jest.

Jane: (as Ayeka) No one you would recognize, unless... 
Daria: (as Ryoko) That was a joke.
Jane: (Ayeka) Oh.

	"Is it Kiyone?"  Mihoshi asked.
	"Oh, very funny, Mihoshi,"  Kiyone grumbled.

Daria: Is Kiyone really the center of Mihoshi's universe? 
Jane: Her and Tenchi.  Would you rather have her ask if _he_ was on
the cover?
Trent: Not me!

	Aeka's eyes went wide in shock.  "IT *IS* KIYONE!"
	"WHAT?!"

(All in shock)

Jane: Well, this has gotten interesting.
Trent: Indeed...
Daria: Ah-HEM!
Trent: Woah!  Sorry.  I'm only human.

	Kiyone flew over some boxes and grabbed the magazine from the princess' 
grasp.  She looked at the cover in shock.  It was her!  Sitting in the bath 
with her hair up and one leg sticking out of the water.

Jane: Actually, that sounds kind of artistic.

	"WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?!"  she cried.  She looked down at the corner of the 
magazine and saw the writing there read, 'Submitted by Noboyuki Masaki.'
	"I'LL KILL HIM!!!!!!!!!"  she screamed and ran downstairs.

Trent:(as Noboyuki) Maybe I should have used a fake name when I 
submitted a picture of a surrogate family member.  Naaah.

	Tenchi sighed as he polished his sword.

Jane: Sayyy...
Daria: I think it's another "sword".
Jane: Darn.

	"Are you sure I can't help, Tenchi?"  Sasami asked politely.
	"Sure, Sasami," he said.  

Daria: Sure she can or sure she can't?

"Grab the end there and rub some of this solution 
into it."

Jane: Now I _hope_ it's a _metal_ sword,

	"Yay!"  the princess cried as she rushed to obey.
	At that time, Kiyone and the other girls appeared in the doorway of the 
kitchen.  Tenchi put the samurai sword and the cloth he had been polishing 
it with down and turned to them.
	Kiyone looked pissed...
	"Um...Something wrong?"  Tenchi asked.
	"Tenchi....Where's your scumbag father?"  Kiyone asked quietly.
	Tenchi paused.  "Why?"
	"Because,"  Kiyone began, "I want to crack his skull open with a ballpeen 
hammer and remove his brain with an icecream scoop!"

Trent:(as Tenchi) Oh, is that all?

	".............He's upstairs taking a bath,"  Tenchi told them seriously.
	Kiyone grabbed him by the arm and led him upstairs.  She pushed him towards 
the bathroom door.  "Open it," she ordered cruelly.
	Tenchi sighed, unsure of just what his father had done, and opened the 
bathroom door.  Noboyuki was luxuriating in the bath after a hard day at the 
office.  "Ah, Tenchi!  Is something wrong?"
	Kiyone stepped inside, pushed Tenchi out of the way, and held up the 
magazine.
	"AUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"  

Daria: Now _that_ is a scream.

Noboyuki screamed and scrambled out of the tub, making a dash for the 
window.
	In seconds a yo yo had wrapped around his naked legs.  The architect 
tripped and landed face first onto the bathroom tile.  He groaned in pain, 
then started to scream like a freshman cheerleader as Kiyone began reeling 
him like a hooked swordfish.

Trent: May I cover my eyes?
Daria: No, this is your punishment for earlier.

	"PLEASE, KIYONE!  DON'T KILL ME!  I HAD A GOOD REASON!  I SWEAR TO GOD!"
	Kiyone flipped him onto his back and planted her foot on his throat.  "You 
slimy, perverted, piece of worm-ridden filth!"  she hissed, applying 
pressure to his throat.
	Noboyuki gagged.
	Sasami stepped into the bathroom with the others to see what was going on.  
She saw Noboyuki nude on the tile with Kiyone standing on his throat and 
blushed, turning away.
	"SASAMI!"  Aeka cried, covering the girl's eyes.

Daria: (as Sasami) Kiyone and Father?  I had no idea!

	Kiyone, meanwhile, was interrogating Noboyuki.  "A good reason?" she 
hissed.  "A GOOD REASON?!"
	"YES!  YES!  I SWEAR!"
	She held the magazine in front of his face.  "Did this picture bring Achika 
back to life?!"
	Noboyuki looked confused.  "No?"
	"Did it keep the galaxy from exploding?!"
	"Er...Not that I know of..."

Trent: (as Noboyuki) Of course, everything we do keeps things like 
the latter from happening. 

	She drew her blaster and pointed it down at him.  "YOU JUST RAN OUT OF 
ACCEPTABLE REASONS!"  She clicked the safety off.
	Noboyuki began squealing again.
	"Wait, Kiyone!"  Tenchi cried, pushing his way forward.  "You can't just 
kill him!"
	"I'm not going to kill him,"  Kiyone said quietly.  "I'm going to blow his 
fingers off one by one..."

Trent: (as Tenchi) But he's an archetect and we live from his paycheck.
Daria: (as Kiyone) Okay.  I'll just scalp him.  He's had the same hair
since the 70s.
Trent: (as Tenchi) Oh.  Okay.

	Noboyuki squealed louder in fear.
	"Kiyone!"  Mihoshi cried.  "Wait!  Isn't he entitled to a fair trial?!"
	"NOT A FUCKING CHANCE!"  Kiyone screamed.
	"He's innocent until proven guilty!"  the blonde continued.
	Kiyone turned to her and held the magazine up again, pointing at Noboyuki's 
name in the bottom corner.
	Mihoshi paused for a minute, then turned to Noboyuki.  "Sorry, Mister 
Masaki.  I went to bat for you..."

Daria: (as Mihoshi) Nice knowing you.  

	"AIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!"  Noboyuki wept hysterically.

Daria: Again with the screaming.  

	"Don't you want to know *why* he did it?"  Tenchi asked, Kiyone.
	"Well, I wanna know,"  Ryoko said.

Jane: Ryoko probably wants to hear it since it's most likely dirty.

	Kiyone thought for a moment.  She holstered her blaster and bent down, 
grabbing the architect by the throat, hoisting him to his feet and pushing 
him roughly against the wall.  "Okay, pervert!  They just bought you ten 
minutes!  Start talking!"
	"Well," he started, "It all began three months ago..."

Daria: He has a lot to squeeze into ten minutes.

	"OUT OF MONEY?!"  Noboyuki exclaimed in shock.  "FORECLOSING?!"
	Sitting before him, Katsuhito nodded silently and sipped at his tea.  
"Recently, the shrine has faced severe financial trouble.  I had to get 
loans from the Bank of Japan, and now, they're threatening to foreclose."

Trent: (as Katsuhito) Well, there goes a nice 700-year old legacy.  
Well, the shrine was built to protect the universe from Washu.  A lot 
of good that did, didn't it?

	"That's awful, Father,"  Noboyuki said.
	"Yes...." Katsuhito replied.  He put his tea cup down.  "So what are you 
going to do about it?"
	"WHAT?!"
	Katsuhito nodded.  "As my son-in-law, it is your responsibility to take 
care of the financial burdens of this family."
	"HUH?!"
	Katsuhito handed him some documents.  "It's all here.  They want their 
money in two weeks."
	"WHAT?!"

Trent: (as Katsuhito) Come on.  It's what you've always done.  And _I_ 
had to earn the family's check before you showed up.

	"Good luck, my son-in-law,  Katsuhito said sagely and stood up.
	"Wait!"  Noboyuki cried.  "I know what this is!  Tenchi and Aeka told me 
about it!  YOU'RE FOISTING OFF YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES ON ME JUST LIKE YOU 
TRIED TO DO TO THEM!!"

Trent: (as Katsuhito) Fine!  I'll take care of our bills and you go to 
planet Jurai and rule the galaxy.  Wait, let me rephrase that... 

	Katsuhito paused in his tracks.  "Remember, Son-in-law, 'the bird that 
flies above his destiny reaps great rewards...'"
	"Don't give me that!  That doesn't mean anything!  You just made it up!"
	Katsuhito said nothing for a moment, then... "Bye!"  With that, he ran out 
the door.

Jane: A little too Simpson-esque.
Trent: Wow.  I know he's an alien warrior and everything, but he's fast
for his age.

	Noboyuki blinked and looked down at the papers.  "What am I going to do?"

	"Oh, I see,"  Kiyone said sarcastically, poking Noboyuki in the gut with 
her blaster.  "And the solution is obvious.  KIYONE PORN!!"
	"WAIT!  I'm not finished,"  Noboyuki whimpered...

Trent: There's more?
Daria: I guess he didn't think about the girls for once when this 
started.

	"Hmmm..."  Noboyuki thought.  "There's not enough in the savings to even 
come close," he whispered.  "And I don't want to dip into Tenchi's college 
fund.  What am I going to do?"
	He said all this as he walked down main street Okayama.  

Daria: Or Kuramitsu.  
Jane: Depends on who you ask.

He stopped outside 
a McInverse fast food restauraunt and looked inside.  There was a sign up.
	"BE A PART OF THE MCINVERSE TEAM!  FULL AND PART TIME POSITIONS AVAILABLE!"

Trent: McInverse?
Jane: It's a joke based on an anime called "Slayers".

	"That's it!"  Noboyuki cried.  "I'll just get a second job and earn the 
money that way!"

Trent: (as Noboyuki) Of course, Kiyone and Mihoshi have three jobs
like that and still can't afford everything.  Oh, well.  Might work
for me.

	He rushed inside.  <I'm sure given my age and experience, I could land a 
manager's position easy!  Then with the amount in the savings plus what I 
make here, I'll be able to put down a little bit towards the bank and 
convince them not to foreclose!>

Jane: Optimistic, aren't we?

	"Hello, welcome to McInverse,"  Noboyuki said with a sigh at the front 
counter.  "Can I take your order please?"  He put his hand up and scratched 
under the paper hat they made him wear.
	"Damn, Mister Masaki!"  the customer exclaimed.  "The design firm lay you 
off or something?"
	Noboyuki blinked.  "Akio?"
	Akio Yasuda, Tenchi's friend from school, stood on the other side of the 
counter, holding his wallet.  Noboyuki remembered that Akio was a good 
friend of Tenchi's, and he had often hoped that some of 
Akio's...er...boldness with women...would rub off on his son.  

Daria: In other words, he's sick.

He had tried 
to help Tenchi out during his brief courtship with Kiyone two months before, 
and he knew that the boy was a good and loyal kid.
	Akio just shook his head.  "Wow, you design *one* building that collapses, 
and they can you...What happened to employer loyalty?"

Daria: I thought _employees_ were expected to be loyal.

	"I told you!"  Noboyuki cried, "That was the earthquake!  Not my design!"
	"So what are you doing here?"  the boy asked.
	"Hey!  Come on!"  the guy behind Akio cried.  "Let's go here, huh?!"
	Akio turned to him and put a finger to his lips.  
"SHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!" 

Daria: A few too many "Hs" I think. 

  Spittle hit the man in the face.  Content that the man wouldn't interrupt 
again, Akio turned back to Noboyuki.
	Noboyuki sighed and quickly explained the problem to Akio.

Trent: That was fast.

	"And you think you're going to make that much working here for minimum 
wage?"  Akio asked, blinking.  

Jane: Ah!  Some logic.

"Shit, man, you should've just come to my 
uncle's bar!  He'd have given you a job where you get to keep the tips and a 
bottle for yourself every night!"

Jane: Ah!  I was so wrong.

	"C'mon, I'm hungry here!"
	Akio turned again.  "You want to turn this into something *physical*?"  he 
asked, puffing up his chest and glaring at the man.  The man said nothing.  
"Didn't think so..."  He turned back to Noboyuki, who sighed.

Trent: Quite the gentleman.

	"I don't know what to do,"  the architect said.  "I need a plan."
	Akio smiled.  "You a gambling man, Mister Masaki?"
	"I play penny poker,"  Noboyuki told him.
	"Close enough,"  Akio told him, scribbling a number on a napkin.  "This is 
the number of my bookie.  He gives good odds.  If you're smart, you can make 
your money in no time!"
	"Hmmmm,"  Noboyuki said, pocketing the number.  "I'm not sure."
	"Whatever you decide to do, good luck, Mister Masaki."
	"Thanks, Akio."
	"Oh, and get me some Golem Goulash and a Xellos the Mysterious Pie to go."
	Noboyuki put the order in and sighed.

Jane: There's the "Slayers" reference.  It's a medeval fantasy show.

	"Cut the crap!"  Kiyone ordered.  "You're just stalling!  This has nothing 
to do with you taking naked pictures of me!"
	"It does!  It does!  I swear!  I'm getting to it!"  

All:...Something about those staements...  

Noboyuki cried.  
"Anyway, I probably would've kept working there...except that *someone* got 
me fired...."

	"Welcome to McInverse, may I ..... MIHOSHI?!"
	"Hi, Mister Masaki!"  Mihoshi said with a wave.
	<Oh, God, no!>  Noboyuki thought.  <I don't want the others to know we're 
bankrupt!>

Trent:(as Noboyuki) Family, you know how you've wanted to get out of the house more
often?  Well, we're getting an excuse. 

	The blonde GP blinked in puzzlement.  "Um...Mister Masaki...I thought you 
were an architect..."

Dari:(as Mihoshi) We've been living off a fry-cook all this time?!  What do
they pay you?

	Inspiration struck him like the hand of God.  "I am!"  He leaned forward 
and whispered conspiritorially.  "I'm undercover," he told her.  "I'm 
working here studying their design.  When I'm done, I'll use what I've 
learned to build the new Taco Hut."
	Mihoshi grinned gamely.  "So you're kind of like James Bond, huh?!"
	"Er...Yeah...just like him..."

Trent:(as Noboyuki) Except without the looks, gadgets, and women... 

	"Okay!  Well...I'd like....um...I'd like..."
	"Hey, let's go up there!"  someone cried.
	"Er....Miss Mihoshi," Noboyuki began, "Do you think you could hurry up.  
I'm going to get fired for going too slow."
	Mihoshi smiled and waved that idea aside.  "Who cares!" she cried.  "You're 
just here to spy for Taco Hut!"

Daria: Once more, Mihoshi's ditzyness causes it all to crash down.

	Unfortunately, she had said this quite loudly.  Every head in a McInverse 
hat turned to him.  The manager and assistant manager poked their heads out 
of their offices.
	"Uh..heh heh heh..."  Noboyuki chuckled nervously, tossing Mihoshi a Ragna 
Roast Beef sandwich.  "There!  On the house!"

Trent:(as Noboyuki) Except that I have to pay for it now.

	"Thanks, Mister Masaki!  Baiiii!"  With that, she skipped happily out the 
door.
	Noboyuki turned to the other McInverse employees.  "Um...Heh heh...That's 
just a little joke...."

	Noboyuki ran much harder than a forty five year old man should, but he 
didn't have much choice.  The ten McInverse employees behind him were 
running just as fast.  He knew he should've worded that bit to Mihoshi 
better. He had forgotten...
	McInverse and Taco Hut were bitter financial rivals...

Trent: So bitter that they would kill the other's employees?  _That's_ bitter.

	He huffed and puffed down a nearby alley.  The angry mob was gaining on 
him.  He jumped up and grabbed hold of a fire escape ladder and tried to 
pull himself up to no avail.  He felt someone grab his leg and drag him 
down...

	"Oh, Mister Masaki!"  Mihoshi sniffled.  "I'm so sorry!"
	"Don't worry about it, Mihoshi,"  Kiyone growled.  "It's not half the 
beating *I'm* going to give him!"

Daria:(as Mihoshi) I thought you were going to shoot him.
Jane:(as Kiyone) Oh, yeah.  Thanks for reminding me. (cocks blaster) Heh-heh! 

	"So,"  the nude architect went on, "After that, I..."

Trent: He's still naked?!  I'm surprised that the girls can stand it!

	Noboyuki, bruised, cut, and bleeding entered the Masaki residence and went 
straight to the bath.  As he was taking off his pants, 

Trent: Now he's naked in the flashback!  Put something on!   

he checked the pocket 
and found the number Akio had given him.
	"Hmmmm..." he said in thought.
	He put on a towel and went to the phone in his bedroom.  He'd take care of 
this before taking  a bath.  He called the number.  A guy named Rezo 
answered.  Noboyuki explained that he wanted to place a wager and listened 
to Rezo give the odds.
	"Wow!  You mean for every yen I bet, I get five hundred back if I win?!  
Sure!  I'll place twenty thousand yen on them!"  He hung up the phone, went 
back to the bath, and congragulated himself.

Daria: That goes down in the history of stupid moves.

	"YOU BET ON THE CHICAGO BEARS?!"  Tenchi exclaimed.
	"I THOUGHT THEY WERE DUE!!"  his father cried.  

Jane: Another "Simpsons" reference!
Daria: At least he didn't bet against the Harlem Globetrotters.

"By the way, can   I have a 
towel or something to cover myself with?  This is embarrassing."
	Ryoko tossed him a towel, and he put it on.  

Trent: Finally!

Aeka uncovered Sasami's eyes.  
"What I miss?!"  Sasami cried.
	"A bunch of crap!"  Kiyone growled.  

Jane: It was her _eyes_ that were covered, Kiyone.
Daria: Maybe that was a comment about Noboyuki's manhood. 

"Keep going, scumbag," she ordered.
	"Anyway, I soon found out that I owed Rezo a lot of money..."

	"Akio!  Hide me!"
	Akio looked up from his place behind the bar.  "Mister Masaki!?"
	"That Rezo guy's right behind me!  I owe him twenty-thousand yen!"
	The boy looked at Noboyuki, his eyes narrowing.  "Did you bet on the 
Bears?"  he asked suspisciously.
	"I THOUGHT THEY WERE DUE!!"
	"Ah, there you are!"
	They looked up to see a man with purple hair, his eyes closed, and a man 
with blue spiky hair in a white outfit and hood standing in the doorway.

Daria: It's the brothers of the princesses!

	"Hi, Rezo,"  Akio said nonchalantly.  "Wanna drink?"
	"No, Akio, not today.  I'm here to see Mister Masaki."  He stepped forward 
and smiled.  "Now, Mister Masaki, you owe us some money."
	Noboyuki took a step back, but Akio placed a hand on his shoulder.  "Mister 
Masaki, trust me.  Give them the money, or they're going to make sure that 
your medical bills are far more than what you owe them."
	The architect gulped.  "You take a check?"
	"Of course,"  Rezo said.
	Noboyuki wrote out a draft and handed it to the red bookie.
	"Thank you, Mister Masaki.  Oh, before I go, since you tried to evade us, 
my associate, Mister Zelgadis, is going to punch you in the stomach as hard 
as he can...."
	"Huh?!  OOMPH!!"
	Noboyuki doubled over as the other man punched him.
	"See you for soccer season, Akio,"  Rezo called out as he walked out of the 
bar.

Trent:(as Rezo) Sorry about beating you friend's father.
Jane:(as Akio) That's okay.

	"Later, Rez,"  Akio waved.  "Hey, Mister Masaki?  You okay?"
	Noboyuki puked on the floor of the bar again and rose unsteadily to his 
feet.  "I'm fine, thanks," he gasped out painfully.
	"Good.  You know if you puke on that floor, you have to buy a drink, 
right?"

Jane: This is not his day! 

	"Dad!  You could've been killed!"  Tenchi told him sternly.
	Noboyuki sighed.  "Sometimes desperate times call for desperate measures!  
And I *was* desperate!  I only had ten days left, and I still hadn't gotten 
any of the money!"
	"No, but you did get your ass kicked,"  Kiyone muttered, "So you can keep 
going..."

Daria:(as Kiyone) I'll buy you some more time if you get beat up again in your story.

	"Ah, the mail,"  Akio sighed, picking up the mail from the bar top as 
Noboyuki struggled into a stool, clutching his stomach.
	"I have no idea what to do, Akio," he said pathetically.  "My father-in-law 
is going to lose his shrine and all the land with it, including my house..."
	"Ah!  The new Crack Whore Magazine!"  Akio cried happily.  "Lucky!"  He 
opened it and began to read.
	"My son isn't going to be able to go to Todai,"  Noboyuki whimpered.  "And 
it's all because his father's a moron with a gambling problem."
	"Yeah, sucks to be you,"  Akio commented, not picking his head up from the 
magazine.  

Trent: Nice and caring, isn't he?

He paused suddenly.  "Hey, Mister Masaki, Tenchi once told me 
that you were an amateur photographer..."
	"That's right,"  Noboyuki said.  "Doesn't make a difference, though.  Even 
if I sold my camera, I wouldn't get enough for it..."
	"No," Akio said, "But you can put that camera and your hentai nature to 
good use!"  he cried.  "Take a look!"  He showed Noboyuki a magazine 
article.
	The architect read.  "'Be a real Crack Whore photographer.  Send in your 
slutty photographs....WIN FIFTY THOUSAND AMERICAN DOLLARS!?'"

Daria: It begins...

	Akio nodded and read.  "'Enter into the Crack Whore Photo Contest.  First 
place wins fifty thousand U.S. dollars.  Only the photo of the most 
beautiful, exotic, smart, funny, kind, compassionate, warm-hearted woman 
will win...'"

Jane: And they can tell that from the picture?

	"Cut the crap,"  Kiyone growled.  "You made that last bit up so I wouldn't 
blast you..."
	Noboyuki took a breath.

Daria: That's what you get for trying to fool a detective. 

	Akio nodded and read.  "'Enter into the Crack Whore Photo Contest.  First 
place wins fifty thousand U.S. dollars.  Best rack wins.'"

Jane: Ah!

	"Ha! I knew it!"  Kiyone cried.
	"And you took a picture of *Kiyone*?!"  Ryoko asked in surprise.
	"HEY!"

Jane: The common vanity between them rears it's head.

	"This is it, Akio!  My way out!"  Noboyuki exclaimed in joy.
	Akio nodded.  "Once again, a raunchy slut addicted to cocaine shows us the 
way..."

Jane: Another "Simpsons" reference!
Daria: Except Fox couldn't get away with those words.

	Noboyuki's face fell.  "But how?  None of the girls would ever do it, and 
even if they did, the contest is in four days..."
	The boy smiled.  "So....Who says they have to know?"
	Noboyuki blinked.
	"Come on!  I've seen those exchange students living at your house!  

Daria: Exchange students...good cover.

Any one 
of them could win this contest!  And it's not like they'll ever see the 
pictures!  None of them reads Crack Whore Magazine....and if they do, I want 
to meet them...  We could take a few pictures, overnight them to the 
contest, and wait for the results."
	Noboyuki smiled, but frowned again a moment later.  "But how?"
	Akio grinned and turned on the radio...
	"'Sail away!  Sail away!  Sail away!...'"
	The boy frowned and switched CD's. 

Jane: Hey!  I like that song!

 The Mission Impossible theme began to 
play.

	"Why does it feel like this story is turning into an episode of 'I Love 
Lucy?'"  Tenchi asked with a sigh.

Trent: Good one, Tenchi.

	"Hey!  I was desperate!  I was trying to save this house, ya know!  Anyway, 
all that was left was to get the picture without the girls knowing it.  That 
meant we only had one hope."
	"I know!  The women's bath!"  Mihoshi volunteered.

Jane:(as Kiyone) We knew that, Mihoshi.  That's why it was so candid.

	"Akio, I don't get it,"  Noboyuki whispered as he held the black rapelling 
cable for the young man.  "It's my house.  You're Tenchi's friend.  Why are 
we dressed like ninjas and sneaking around?"

All:(snicker)

	Akio turned to him, his face behind a black ninja mask.  "This way if we 
get caught, we can kill ourselves before surrendering."
	"What?!"
	"Hey, it's either seppuku or facing Tenchi and the girls and telling them 
that their home is going to become a McInverse!"

Daria: There's a difference?

	"Okay, okay..."  Noboyuki surrendered.  "The bathroom is on the second 
floor.  It only opens to women.  So we have to catch the door while it's 
open."

Trent:(as Noboyuki) Not that it's connected to another dimension and the one
you enter depends to your gender or anything.

	"No sweat.  Watch me and weep."  Akio threw a grappling hook up into the 
air, which landed on the roof with a loud bunch of clanging noises.
	The two froze.  Crickets chirped.  No one seemed to hear the noise.  

Daria: Which is odd since some of the girls have big ears.

They 
began to relax.  Swiftly, Akio started hauling himself up the rope, Noboyuki 
right behind him.
	The window was open, so the two snuck in without any trouble.  The found 
themselves in the second floor hallway with the women's bath on the other 
end.  The two slinked forward, ducking in and out of empty rooms.  They 
could hear talking downstairs.  Hopefully, they wouldn't be heard.
	"Now we just have to wait for..."  Akio began, when suddenly, the bath door 
opened.  The two would-be ninjas ducked into another room just as Aeka and 
Mihoshi left the bath.
	"That was wonderful,"  Aeka remarked as the two started down the stairs, 
leaving the bathroom door to close by itself.
	Noboyuki saw the door start to close and dived, sliding like a baseball 
player for home!
	And landing six feet too short...
	Akio threw some more rope through the doorway and watched the door strike 
it, prevented from being closed.  "Sweetness!"  he whispered in victory.
	They opened the door and stepped inside.
	"Holy...shit!"  Akio exclaimed, seeing the luxurious women's bath for the 
first time.  He turned to Noboyuki.  "Could you design *me* a house like 
this?"

Trent:(as Noboyuki) Sorry, Washu built this.
Jane:(as Akio) Drat!  

	"Come on.  We have to place these cameras,"  Noboyuki told him.  "And 
quickly."
	"So how do these work, anyway?"  Akio asked.
	"They have timers on them.  They'll each take a snapshot at random 
intervals.  I'll find a way in here tomorrow to get them back."
	"Oh..."
	The two spread the cameras out, hiding them where they had a good view of 
the onsen, but secluded enough to remain unseen.  Finally, after fifteen 
tense minutes, they were done.

Jane: Are any of the four other girls there or not?
Daria: Either way works, unfortunately.

	"Okay, let's move,"  Akio whispered.  The two quietly stepped out of the 
onsen, shutting the door behind them.  "Whew..."
	"Who are you?"
	They froze.  Neither of them turned from the doorway.
	Akio whispered to Noboyuki.  "Which one is it?"
	"Sasami,"  the architect whispered back.
	Akio thought for a moment.  "Can I take her?"
	Noboyuki gave him an odd look.

Trent: That can be taken in more than one way and no way is good.

	The boy turned and found a little, blue-haired girl standing there in bath 
gear and carrying a towel.
	Akio cleared his throat and tried to sound menacing.  "Get out of here, 
kid!"  he told Sasami in a harsh tone.  "Or...you'll get it!"
	"Get what?"  Sasami asked, not batting an eye.
	Akio thought for a moment.  "Or...Um...Line?"
	Noboyuki shrugged.
	"Or I'll take that towel away from you and whip you with it!"  Akio 
threatened.

All: BOOO!!!

	Sasami frowned.
	"Hey, you shouldn't threaten her like that,"  Noboyuki told him, disguising 
his voice.
	"Now GIT!"  Akio cried.
	Sasami took a breath.
	"Ki-YAH!"
	"Huh?!"  Akio said in response just before Sasami kicked him in the shins.  
"OW!  DAMN!"
	"Ki-YAH!"
	"Ooomph!"  Akio groaned as Sasami jumped up executed a perfect kick to his 
groin.  

Daria+Jane: (laugh)
Trent: Ouch.

The boy fell to the ground, clutching his privates.  Noboyuki just 
stared in shock.
	"SISTER!"  Sasami screamed, running down the hall.  "PERVERT 
BURGLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!"

Jane: Wow.  Did she teach Noboyuki how to scream?

	"Aw, crap!"  Noboyuki muttered.  He grabbed Akio's arm and tried 
desperately to pull him down the hall with him.  Akio was still trying to 
recover from Sasami's attack and could only stumble along.
	"Hurry up!"  Noboyuki cried.
	"THERE THEY ARE!"  he heard Ryoko cry out and   turned.  Sure enough, Ryoko 
and Aeka were on the other end of the hall.
	He continued to run.  They were almost to the window.  He heard Ryoko 
charge and release and energy blast just as he jumped!

Jane:(as Aiko) What was that?
Trent:(as Noboyuki) Uh, just a bad lightbulb I've meant to replace.
Jane:(as Aiko) Oh.

	The window exploded behind them as Noboyuki and Akio fell two stories, 
screaming all the way down, and landing in some bushes.
	"RUN!"  Noboyuki screamed, still dragging the panting Akio with him.
	They made it to Akio's car as several irate women with flashlights and 
carrying some of *his* golf clubs began pouring out of the house.  Noboyuki 
gunned the engine and took off down the road.

All: (snicker)

	"All I had to do after that, was get the cameras back,"  Noboyuki told 
them.  "I just said that I was installing a new security system, and Sasami 
let me in.  

Jane: You know, he just had to say that earlier to get in the first time and then
say he needed to check on the cameras.
Daria: Would you rather have that or have Sasami give Aiko what he deserved?
Jane: Point.

I'm sorry I had to lie to you, Sasami..."
	"That's okay, Mister Masaki,"  Sasami said sadly.  

Jane:(as Sasami) I'd let you plant cameras to see us naked anyday!

"I guess I was wrong to 
beat up Tenchi's friend..."
	"That really had to hurt his pride,"  Tenchi commented.

Trent: Not just his pride...

	"Anyway, we overnighted the best of the pictures to Crack Whore Magazine.  
After that, I just had to wait..."

	"The mail's here!"  Mihoshi cried.  She began sifting through the 
envelopes.  "Teen Princess for Aeka," she said, handing the princess a 
magazine.  "Junior Swordsman for Tenchi."  She looked at one letter and 
arched an eyebrow.  "Crack Whore Magazine submissions department for 
Noboyuki?"
	Noboyuki spit out his coffee and jumped up, grabbing the envelope from the 
blonde.
	"What's that, Dad?"  Tenchi asked.
	"Nothing!  Go mow the lawn!"  Noboyuki barked as he tore open the letter.

Daria:(as Tenchi) We don't have a lawn mower.
Trent:(as Noboyuki) Then tend the garden like you always do.
  
He read silently and then yelled, "WHIPPEEEEEE!!!"
	"Good news?!"  Mihoshi asked.
	Noboyuki caught himself.  "Um....They're adding a comics section," he said 
lamely, coming up with something off the top of his head.

Trent:(as Noboyuki) That's why the _submissions_ department had to tell me.
Jane: Chill.  He was trying to fool Mihoshi. 

	"Oooooooh!"  Mihoshi said, at least pretending to understand.
	Noboyuki reread the letter to himself.
	'Dear Sir, Thank you for your submission.  You'll be happy to know that 
photo marked A-23 has won first place!  Congragulations!  You will receive a 
check in the mail along with a complimentary issue featuring your photo on 
the cover!  Once again, congragulations.'
	Noboyuki sighed in relief.

Trent: At least they're polite in their letters. 
Daria: Except that they changed Noboyuki's name to "sir".

	"So I used the prize money to pay off Father's bills and replace the money 
in Tenchi's college fund."  

Daria:(as Tenchi) I thought you said you _didn't_ take money from my college
fund.
Trent:(as Noboyuki) Er, uh...(whistles nonchalante). 

He sighed.  "And that's why I took a naked 
picture of you, Kiyone..."

Daria: And everything is explained to everyone's satisfaction... 

	Kiyone thought for a moment.  "No, not good enough."  She raised the 
blaster.
	Noboyuki began to cry.

Daria: ...Except her's.

	"Just a sec!"  Ryoko cried.  "You said you put up a bunch of 
cameras....They didn't take just one picture of Kiyone."  She grabbed 
Noboyuki by the throat and growled.  "Where are the other pictures?"
	The rest of the girls gasped in realization.

Jane: I know I shouldn't, but...(snicker) 

	Noboyuki whimpered.
	"You didn't send pictures of *US* to Crack Whore Magazine, did you?!"  Aeka 
cried aghast.
	"Well...Not the ones of Sasami and Washu.  I burned those..."
	"Thank God,"  Tenchi muttered.

All:(whew)

	"And *KIYONE* won?!"  Ryoko growled, squeezing Noboyuki's throat.
	Kiyone actually smiled a little.  "You mean...You sent nude photos of 
Mihoshi, Ryoko, and Aeka to a girly magazine...and they picked *me* over 
*them*?"
	Noboyuki nodded.
	Kiyone actually laughed.

Trent:(as Noboyuki) Well, I couldn't get Nagi, so...

	"It's not funny!"  Ryoko growled.
	"Quite right!  What was wrong with my picture?!"  Aeka demanded.  "Am I not 
beautiful?!  Are you honestly telling me that they preferred her over the 
Princess of Jurai!?  Er...no offense, Kiyone."
	Kiyone was doubled over, laughing hysterically, and couldn't answer Aeka.

Jane: At least she's happy now.
Daria: Their concern has changed, hasn't it?

	"Oh, come off it, Aeka!"  Ryoko replied.  "The magazine said 'best rack 
wins.'"  She grinned.  "You have to have one before you can enter..."
	"Now see here!"
	"Um...Girls?"  Noboyuki asked, still pinned to the wall by Ryoko's 
outstretched hand.
	Kiyone was still laughing hysterically.
	Mihoshi whimpered.  "Oh please don't fight!  I didn't win either!  It 
doesn't bother me!"
	"SHUT UP!"   Ryoko and Aeka yelled to her.
	"Who would want to be in a periodical like that, anyway?!"  Aeka demanded.
	"Yeah!"  Ryoko backed her up.
	Tenchi sighed.  "Come on, Sasami.  I still have to polish my sword."
	"And I have to start on dinner."  The two left the bath, the three arguing 
women, the hysterical GP, and a naked man frightened out of his mind.

Jane: Anyone wager that Washu would enjoy this?
Daria: See what happens when you're stuck in a lab all day?

	Tenchi heard a car pull up over the fighting upstairs and went outside.  He 
saw Akio closing the door on a brand new red Porche.  He grinned at Tenchi 
and took off his sunglasses.
	"Hey, Tenchi!  Whaddya think of my new Por-sha!?"
	"Isn't it pronounced, 'Porche?'"
	"If you own one, you have to pronounce it, 'Por-sha.'"  Akio informed him.
	"Where did you steal it?"  Tenchi asked, crossing his arms over his chest.
	"Didn't steal it,"  Akio told him.  "Bought it at a police auction.  

Daria: Correct me if I'm wrong, but, in Japan, shouldn't he get out of school
before he's allowed to drive?
Jane:(as Tenchi) Where's your licence?
Trent:(as Aiko, nervious) Li-cence... 

It was 
my cut of the hundred grand your dad won..."
	Tenchi's eyes went wide.  "Don't you mean, 'fifty grand?'"  he asked in 
puzzlement.
	Akio smiled.  "Nope."
	Tenchi blinked.

Jane:(as Aiko) As for the rest of the money, well, your dad said he needed some new
camera film for..."emergencies" he said.

	"Breasts aren't the only attractive aspect of a woman's body!"  Aeka cried.
	"But you get the most points for 'em!"  Ryoko countered.
	"Then shouldn't I have won?"  Mihoshi asked.
	"NO!"
	Kiyone was curled up in a corner, still laughing.

Jane: Uh, Trent...
Trent: What Kiyone's saying.

	Noboyuki, still pinned to the wall like a butterfly in a glass case,  
sighed.  "Tenchi," he muttered, "If you don't get into Todai after all this, 
I'm kicking you out of this house for good..."

Daria: Why? This is all because of something _you_ did.
Jane: Looks like the end. 
Daria: Hmmm.  Embarrasing situation for Kiyone, but it didn't mess with her life
if she didn't know about it for months.  Also, Noboyuki got what he deserved.
Jane: I don't see why they didn't ask Ryoko or maybe even Mihoshi.  They're not 
quite so modest.
Daria: Then, it would be a short fic.
Jane: I see.  No conflict.
Trent: Daria, about earlier...
Daria: It's okay, Trent.  I guess every straight male imagines Kiyone in the buff at
least once...but consider that your only chance.
Trent: Alright.  At least they saved their property, but why would the shrine have fiancial
problems now?  It's been there since the 13th century.
Daria:  Again, no conflict means no story.
Jane: Well, I don't know what Kiyone was complaining about.  I wouldn't mind seeing
myself on the cover of...
(Daria and Trent lift up a copy of "Eyefull" [it only exists in the Daria universe].
Jane is on the cover, asleep naked on her bed)
Jane: AHHH!!!  
Trent: Relax.  The photo is taped on.
Daria: You should be thankful, Jane.  You have a gentleman for a brother.

"Ooomph!"  Akio groaned as Sasami jumped up executed a perfect kick to his 
groin.  


