I don't own these characters or profit from them.

I swore I would never MST a lemon because it was too easy. I lied---- 
Clayton Overstreet


MSTers

Washu (Adult form)
Clayton Overstreet
Ryoko Masaki
Tenchi Masaki
Gene Starwind
Aisha Clan-Clan

Washu: So Gene you two finally came back?
Gene: Clayton agreed to MST a lemon
Ryoko: Why?
Clayton: I read one I couldn't resist
Tenchi: Was it that bad?
Clayton: Actually it was a little too well written... you'll see.
Aisha: (mouth full) I got snacks!
Tenchi: (Puts in nose plugs) I'm ready
Ryoko: (Kisses Tenchi) You can do it Tenchi (Glares at Clayton as he 
snickers) This had better be a very tasteful fic!
Clayton: Yes ma'am!


"Wanting More"

By Diane Long

As this is rated NC-17, I truly hope those who are underage are not reading 
this.  If you
are please know I wish you wouldn't, and I trust you to back out of here 
right now.

Aisha: Of course if they found this in the lemon section I doubt the little 
kids are going to listen

Note: One of the goals I had for this fic was to keep from switching POV's 
within the
same chapter.   I did my best to switch off between Tenchi and Ryoko by 
chapter.

Ryoko: Uh, thanks

However, this made for some interesting in challenges in writing this lemon, 
as it was
harder to capture Tenchi and Ryoko's reactions to each other.

Scene One: The Present

Tenchi: Happy birthday!

Tenchi

Beautiful.

That's all he could think, paused at the top of the stairs, as Ryoko floated 
into the foyer

Gene: You mean the diningroom?

with a small grin twisting at her lips.  Her hair caught the afternoon 
sunlight and
somehow seemed to shimmer, as if full of glitter.

Washu: Lice!

  Even her pink and teal dress seemed a
richer color in the light, setting off her complexion in tones of rose and 
peach.  Her
toenails gleamed a deep purple as she touched down on the entryway's tiles.

Ryoko: Purple! Purple! I hate purple!

"Again!  Again!" Sasami cried following on Ryoko's heels.

Ryoko's grin twitched as she turned to face Sasami.  "Haven't you had enough 
yet? Your
sister will be mad if I make you puke."


Aisha: If this is a Sasami lemon I'm gonna puke
Others: (Scoot away)

Sasami shrugged and reached her arms out to Ryoko.  "Awww, come on!"

Tenchi slipped around a corner, trying to remain unnoticed as he peered 
around the edge.

Tenchi: Now I'm acting like dad

If Ryoko noticed him, this carefree moment would be lost.  And he wanted to 
see it more
than anything.  Ryoko hardly ever showed this side of herself.  But closer 
observation
had revealed that perhaps Sasami got to see it more often than anyone.

Ryoko: That's not true!

Ryoko laughed at the winsome look on Sasami's face.  "Alright, but this is 
the absolute
time.  I don't want you to get sick, even if you don't care."

Sasami nodded in agreement and wiggled her fingers, a signal for Ryoko to 
get on with it.

Ryoko reached down and took a firm grasp of each of Sasami's wrists.  "Hold 
on tight!"

With that she began turning in slow, tight circles, gradually increasing her 
speed until
Sasami's ponytails were streaming behind her as she ran to match Ryoko's 
pace.

"Faster!" Sasami shouted, making Ryoko laugh freely.

"She never laughs like that around any of us, " Tenchi thought.  "She sounds 
happy."

"What do well brought up little princesses say?" Ryoko teased, slowing down 
a little.

Clayton: Well if it were Aeka I'd think she'd say "I comand you to go 
faster."

"Please?" Sasami panted.

"Right... but what do Space Pirates in training say?" Ryoko prompted, her 
grin
deepening.

"Do it!" Sasami cried in a sweet approximation of Ryoko's commanding voice.

All: (High 5 Ryoko) Way to go!
Ryoko: Well spacepirate Sasami has a nice ring to it

"Ha! Ha!"  Ryoko crowed, her grin blossoming into a beautiful smile as she 
suddenly
picked up speed.  "Bingo!"

Sasami achieved lift-off and her body spun horizontal to the floor, her 
laugher merging
with Ryoko's, a joyous sound of happy, carefree spirits.

Washu: How many times is she going to use the word 'carefree'?
Clayton: Wait until she starts using pleasure
Gene: (grins)

Tenchi felt his smile grow till it seemed to reach his eyebrows.

Clayton and Gene: (To the theme of the Grinch) You're a mean one, 
Mr.Tench...

This was the real Ryoko,
the hidden one.  He loved seeing her tenderness and love for life.  And if 
she was lovely
to look upon when she was frowning, when she smiled with such sincerity she 
was
sublime.

Washu: Someone's been to colledge

He sighed.  Why wouldn't she let him see this side of her more often, and to 
this degree?
Why was she hiding?

Ryoko: (Hides a bag of cookies berhind her back) Mine!

If she would show him more often, maybe he could chose.  Sometimes it seemed 
like
Ayeka and Ryoko stood on two ends of a continuum, one representing all that 
was polite
and gentle, the other representing wildness and freedom.

Clayton: Oh theres a tough choice. Repressed or funloving

How could he chose between
such extremes when he himself lived in middle, almost as a fulcrum between 
the teeter-
totter of their love triangle.

Aisha: Please not a threeway

But the Ryoko revealed to him right now wasn't an extreme.
She was certainly not in the middle, but she was more balanced.

Ryoko: It's not hard being more balanced that Aeka

She had all of the
qualities he appreciated in her everyday with the addition of a soft 
kindness that she liked
to hide.

If only she could show it to him too.

Tenchi: She does

As he watched, Ryoko was winding down her spin, so that Sasami's feet came 
gently to
the floor.  Ryoko released Sasami's hands and gathered her up into a hug as 
the woozy
princess started to stagger back.

Tenchi: I warned you not to give her any alchohal

"I told you," the pirate said fondly.

"Oh!  Onee-chan!

Washu: So she uses perfect english and suddenly its japanease?

That was great!  Thank you!" Sasami gasped, sounding a little ill.

"You okay?"

Sasami straightened up and grinned.  "Yup!" She eased herself out of Ryoko's 
arms and
stepped back experimentally.  "Time to make dinner!"  She tried to walk 
gracefully to the
kitchen, but seemed to be pitching about on the lurching deck of a sea 
vessel.

Ryoko chuckled, slipped on her shoes, and headed towards the door.

"That was really nice."  Why did his voice sound so strange?

Ryoko stiffened, then turned around. "Oh, Tenchi... um....", a barely 
perceptible blush
highlighted the skin under her eyes.

All: (Put on their sunglasses as the blush turns the room red)

He smiled, enjoying her holdover of sweetness.  "Where are you going?"

"Nowhere really," she was regaining her composure.

He smiled coming down the stairs slowly.  He pointed to her shoes.  "It must 
be outside,
I'm guessing.  Can I come to?"

Gene: Later in the fic
Aisha: Quiet

She looked at him oddly. "You want to come?"

Gene: (snickers)

"Sure, I don't have anything to do before dinner."

Ryoko: Well that was hardly romantic

She looked at him for a moment as if deciding.  Tenchi could see the mask 
slide back
over her face as she shouted with almost too much happiness,

Ryoko: (As the Mask) Somebody stop me!

"Sure you can!"  She
teleported over to him and grabbed his arm.  "Let's go!  Maybe we can drink 
some sake
together." She started to float towards the door.

"Wait!  My shoes!" he laughed, feeling a little sad she was still acting 
around him.

"Don't worry about that!  With me, your feet will never need to touch the 
ground," she
said playfully, phasing them through the door.

"I guess not," he thought as they began to fly over the lake.  And it would 
be worth the
challenge of gaining entrance to her true heart.

Washu: Tickets to Ryoko's heart $5
Tenchi: I've only got a twenty
Washu: (takes it and gives him four tickets)

Scene Two: One Week Later
Ryoko

Ryoko: Yes?

"Ryoko, would you please get me some vegetables for dinner?"  Sasami's voice 
called
from the kitchen.

Lounging up on her rafter, Ryoko put her arms behind her head and rolled her 
eyes.  She
liked the little girl and all, but how could she get vegetables when she was 
busy thinking
about Tenchi?

Clayton: Next she won't be able to walk and chew gum
Aisha: Speaking of which, I don't see Mihoshi around

He had been acting very oddly lately. What was up with him?

Gene: I'll give you three guesses
Tenchi: (Blushes)

She looked
at the sun as it pooled onto the floor of the living room.  He would be 
coming in from the
fields soon.  She had to have a plan of action ready.

Ryoko: (As Hannible Smith) I love it when a plan comes (Gene coughs) 
together

"Ryoko, can you hear me?"  Sasami called again, the faint thunder of a 
distant storm
rolling down the mountain as she spoke.

All: (Wince)
Tenchi: See, this is why we do what the little girl/goddess tells us to do
Ryoko: (Gets the vegetables)

Ignoring her, Ryoko thought back to Tenchi's actions during the past week.  
He had
stared at her all through dinner one night, only to ignore her the next day. 
  Then
everything seemed normal again for most of the next day, except that he 
always seemed
close by, no matter what she was doing.  It was kind of creepy,

Tenchi: You do that to me all the time

because he hadn't said
anything.  He was just there, watching her.  The topper was this morning 
when she had
hugged him like she did every morning.  But today he had hugged her back.  
Just for a
quick second, but it was so different from his typical squirms that she 
noticed it right
away.

Could it be?

Aisha: Nah

Was he getting to like her better?

Clayton: No way

Wrapping her arms around herself, she tried to believe it was true.  But she 
was just
kidding herself and she knew it.  As much as she loved him, he would never 
love a
demon like her

"Please?  I'm in the middle of a sauce.  I don't want to ruin it!" Sasami 
cajoled.

Ryoko sighed and teleported to the floor. She was a sucker for sweet little 
princesses,
besides she needed to think about something else. Thinking about how to act 
around this
new Tenchi was driving her nuts.  She glided into the kitchen and watched 
Sasami
whisking together a brown sauce.  "What do you want me to get, Kiddo?"

"Thanks Ryoko!  Five carrots and a small ginger root would be great," Sasami 
said with a
big smile.  "I knew you would come through - if I asked enough!"

Ryoko: Nagging little brat

"Watch it," Ryoko joked, phasing through the kitchen wall and onto the back 
porch.
Floating above the ground she made her way to the shed and slipped through 
the wall to
get the vegetables.

It was dark with the door closed, but her enhanced optical receptors didn't 
need very
much light to see plainly.  She selected five carrots and was holding them 
by their green
tops with one hand while she rummaged through the ginger bin trying to find 
a small
root.

As she looked, the door creaked open to reveal Tenchi with the large 
carrying basket
upon his back.   She turned her head to see him as the growing rectangle of 
light from the
opening door reached her and threw her sharp features into a bas relief 
accentuated by her
glittering eyes.

Motionless, she took in the smudges of dirt and sweat along his forehead and 
knew that
he still hadn't broken the habit of wiping his brow when his hands were 
dirty.  He had
grown recently, he was now a little taller than she was, and the boyish 
round features
taking on the angularity of a man.

Gene: I thought he wasn't supposed to age any more
Clayton: Artistic liscence

She stared.

When had this happened?  When had her Tenchi grown up?

Tenchi: Well there was that time with Haruna...
Ryoko: (growls)
Tenchi: Never mind

Even as her sense of
attraction doubled she felt uncomfortably guilty. What would he think of her 
skulking
about in the darkness of the shed?   She stepped around a basket of cabbages 
and began to
fade away in secret.

But the trademark sound of her teleportation gave her away.

"Ryoko?"  Tenchi asked in surprise, barely seeing her in a shadowed corner 
before she
faded away.

Then she was back, standing beside him.  "Yes Tenchi?" she asked awkwardly.

He set the basket down with a grunt.  "What were you doing in here?"

She flushed.  "I ... er...well...Sasami asked me to do it."

Tenchi smiled gently at her, seeming to approve of her answer. "It's okay 
Ryoko.
Vegetables for dinner, huh?"  He slipped off his work gloved and stuffed 
them into his
back pocket.

"Yes," she said with relief.  It was difficult to have a criminal past, 
everyone tended to
think the worst of you.  She kept forgetting that Tenchi wasn't like 
everybody else.

He patted her shoulder.  "It just surprised me to see you here in the dark, 
that's all

"Washu made it so that I don't need lights to see by," she said with a wry 
grin.

Washu: I'm just that good

"Really? That's neat!" Tenchi stepped back and kicked the door closed with a 
sharp tap
of his foot.  "Can you see me now?"

Aisha: No way is this going where it looks like

"Why are you so interested?" She hated being made differently than he was.

"I like to learn new things about you Ryoko," he murmured.  After a pause he 
asked, "So,
can you see me?"

She squinted. "For the most part, but not too many details.  I can't see 
your face."

He moved closer.  "Now?"

"Well, I can see you have features, but I can't see your expression."

He moved closer still, so that he stood inches away from her.  "And this?" 
he asked in a
whisper.

It dawned on Ryoko that she was alone in a dark room with Tenchi.

Ryoko: Woo hoo!

And he was very
close.  She could feel the heat radiating off of his body. And that look on 
his face?  What
was it? It was so strangely intense.

Gene: Constipation

"I can't tell what you are thinking," she whispered back, wondering what was 
happening.

"Hmm." He took another step forward and wrapped his arms around her middle.  
His
head moved forward to kiss her, but he missed his mark and got her cheek 
instead.

The carrots fell from Ryoko's numb fingers and rolled about on the floor as 
Tenchi slid
his lips across her cheek and kissed her lips with clumsy sincerity.  Her 
arms stuck out
from her sides in absolute shock as he held her more tightly.

Washu: You mean 'tighter'?

This was something she had wanted forever, but now it had happened she was
confounded.  Who was this person kissing her?

Tenchi: Because I love her?

Could it really be the indecisive boy she
had lived with for over two years now?

Ryoko: You can't blame me for that one considering anime characters always 
have evil twins

Feeling his hands rubbing her back she no longer cared why this way 
happening, and
wrapped her arms around him, becoming an active participant in the kiss.

Her interest seemed to intensify his and he leaned forward to press her 
lightly against the
wall, their bodies in full contact.  She raked her fingers through his hair, 
her pent up
desires pushing her need to do something, to move, to take him as close to 
her as
possible.


Then it was over.

Just like that.

Gene: That was awfully quick

As quickly as he had kissed her, Tenchi was backing away from her, a hand 
pressed over
his disbelieving eyes.

Aisha: That was a bit out of character

  Without a word he leapt over the carrying basket and out the door,
sprinting away.

Ryoko's mouth burned with the after effects of their kisses and her blood 
accelerated
through her veins as her heart refused to slow down.  Hazy, incoherent 
thoughts tried to
cut through the confusion of desire and shock that muddled her mind.  She 
slid down the
wall into a seated position, legs splayed, and leaned her head back.

Gene: Hey, I can see up your...
Washu: (covers his eyes)

"Ryoko?" Sasami said poking her head around the door.  "Are you okay?"

Ryoko rolled her head towards the little girl.  "Uh huh."

Sasami's brow crinkled.  "Then why are you sitting down?"

Ryoko shrugged.

"Are the carrots okay?  I still need them for dinner."

Ryoko gathered the carrots from the floor and slowly got to her feet.  
"Carrots," she
repeated handing them to Sasami and phasing away.

"Ooookay," Sasami said with a shrug and went back to the kitchen.


Scene Three: The Next Day
Tenchi


"What have I done?"

Clayton: Kissed a girl
Ryoko: You'll get used to it

Dark storm clouds of a storm that had been building for days were gathering 
overhead as
Tenchi looked up into the old cherry tree and scratched his head.  Its 
blossoms were spent
for the year, but the thick green foliage was enough to hide the person he 
looked for.  She
was becoming predictable, but he would never dare tell her.

Tenchi: (whistles and looks innocent)

But what would he tell her?  Yesterday he had kissed her.  Out of the blue, 
with no plan
to do so, he had shut her in a dark room and kissed her.

And he had liked it.  He had liked it almost too much.  It had scared him 
when his body
started to run away from his mind.  He had felt a rawness, a hungry need 
that he had only
felt whispers of before.  And when she had returned his passion, the 
intensity of his
feelings had doubled from that already frighteningly high level.  Running 
away had saved
him from doing - doing what he wasn't sure, but it had to be something he 
shouldn't
have done.

Washu: (Hands Tenchi a pamphplet)

And it had hurt Ryoko too.  In the day following the kiss, no one had seen 
the slightest
glimpse of her, even at mealtime.  Everyone was worried, except for Washu, 
who kept
shooting him glances that alternated between amusement and disdain. She 
obviously
knew everything some how.

Washu: (grins)

It figured that she had the answers.

He wished he did too.  It seemed as it the choice had been made. He wished 
he could
have done it more honestly, with more grace. But it had been sudden and 
clumsy and
absolutely terrifying.  And by reacting without thinking he had mad a 
terrible mistake.
Now he needed to fix things between them. But how?  He couldn't have hurt 
her more
yesterday.  How to make up for that?

Ryoko and Gene raise their hands: I know!

It didn't help that his physical longing for Ryoko was so strong even his 
teeth ached in
sympathy to his feelings. His lips itched to feel hers again

Tenchi: Allergies

, and the rest of his skin wanted
to touch her, to feel all of her.  It was hard to pay attention to keeping 
his balance, not to
mention negotiate a delicate apology.  He put a foot to the trunk of the 
tree and used a
low branch to begin his climb.  The longer he waited the worse it would be.  
He would
just have to try.

He looked around a leafy branch and there she was, her body wedged into a V 
made by
two large branches splitting off from the truck.

Clayton: Truck?

Her long legs, encased in red leggings
and crossed at the ankles, stretched along one branch, while her torso 
rested against the
trunk.  She had a large sake bottle in one hand, its contents half way 
depleted.  She
looked incredible, the curves of her legs stunning him in their display.

Clayton: Ooo, fireworks

How could have
not noticed this before?

Opening a bleary eye she smiled.  " 'Lo, Tenshi,," she slurred, toying with 
the bottle's
label.

Ryoko: Half a bottle and I'm that drunk? Ha!

"Ryoko?" Tenchi settled onto a branch near her waist.  Great, she was 
intoxicated.  This
wouldn't help him at all.

"Ya drive me to drink, Tenshi.  Yesh you do," she said with an overly 
emphatic nod.

Wincing, Tenchi looked away from her eyes and intently studied an inchworm 
working it
way past him. This was his fault.  He had done this to her.   "I don't know 
what to say,
Ryoko."

"Izzat why you ran away?" she asked sagely, taking a long pull from the 
bottle.

Washu: Good guess

"Here let me have that," he said trying to take the bottle from her.

All: (Cover their eyes so they won't see the bloodshed)

She pulled it out of his grasp and held it protectively at her side.  "Or 
-or -or - did you
run because I'm a monshter?" Humiliation coloured her words. She starred 
into the depth
of the bottle, avoiding his eyes.

"I don't think that about you," he said quietly, pained for hurting her so 
much.  "I've
never thought that."

Tenchi: Except that one time at the school

The wind was picking up now, carrying the scent of rain.

She snorted and swished the sake around.

"I'm sorry.  I don't know why I ran away like that," he said sincerely.

"I do." She said in morose tones.  "Nobody can love a demon, Tenshi."

"Ryoko!"

"I'm screwed.

Gene: You wish

That's how it is for monshters."  Thunder rolled in the distance, as if
agreeing with her words.

"Ryoko that's not true!"

She looked out of her bottle and met his eyes squarely. " No love for 
demons. No love for
Ryoko. No. Love. For. Me," she said the last words like bullet shots, 
shaking her bottle
for emphasis.

He stared at her, speechless at how fragile she really was underneath her 
many layers of
bravado. He had always known she hurt inside, but he now had a better sense 
of the deep
emotional bruises she hid from all of them.

Aisha: (sniffle) This is so sad... hey a twinkie! (Eats it)

And now he understood why she hid the
sweetness, it was the other side of her hidden grief.  To reveal one was to 
leave the other
unprotected, so she hid them both.  He had wanted so badly for her to open 
up to him,
and when she did he punched her where she hurt the most.  He felt like a 
complete louse.

Clayton: Someone's been watching Big O

She smirked at his silence.  "See? Even you know it's true."

He shook his head. "No it's not." He willed her to believe him.  "It is not 
true for me.  I
am sure of it."

She frowned and looked away.  "Uh huh."

"No way," Tenchi said firmly, removing the sake from her while she was 
distracted.  He
placed it out of her reach and wedged it between two smaller branches. "I 
meant every bit
of it."

"Hey... huh?"" she pulled back from her lunge for the sake with a puzzled 
look.  "What
are you talking about?"

"This." He leaned in and placed a small kiss on her lips. Pulling back, he 
gauged her
reaction.

Her eyes caught his and wouldn't let go.  "Do that again."

He did, somehow enjoying the tang of sake as he pressed his lips to hers.

Ryoko: Told you you would

Her lips felt so
warm under his, but it was more than that.  Little shivers of sensation were 
running up his
back at this gentle contact.  Her body was having an electric interaction 
with his own.

Clayton: I think Juraian's evolved from some kind of electric eel

It
was hard to keep his mind focused on proving that he cared about her.

It didn't help when Ryoko increased the intensity of the kiss, opening her 
mouth to accept
him.  She tugged him from his branch so that he was straddling her, and she 
wrapped her
strong arms firmly around him keeping him close.

Tenchi  found himself panting in her arms, the ferocity of her drunken 
kisses empowering
that need, that desire to be as close to her as possible.  He moaned into 
her mouth and
pushed his hands into her soft hair, enjoying its strange texture.  Without 
thinking, he
pushed his hips into hers, trying to scratch that burning, building, itch in 
his loins.

Gene: I have a cream for that
Tenchi: (Covers his eyes and blushes)

Ryoko's eyes popped open and she looked down at his hardness where it 
pressed into her
stomach.  Pushing him away she covered her mouth in horror.

"Not like this. Not like THIS.  I'm drunk Tenchi!" she said with sudden 
clarity.  Moaning
with despair, she phased away leaving him clinging to the tree branch as the 
first drops of
rain fell from the sky.


Scene Four: The Next Moment
Ryoko


"Washu! Washu!"  Ryoko called as she flew through the darkened spaces of 
Washu's
lab.  "Where are you?"

Washu poked her head around a large machine.  "Over here!" she shouted, 
waving a
large wrench.

Touching down softly on her feet, Ryoko met Washu's eyes briefly then looked 
away.

Washu's eyes narrowed.  Something was up.

Gene: True, but she left Tenchi back at the tree

  Her critical mind noticed Ryoko's rain
spattered clothing and distressed body language.  And her nose smelled the 
sake. Not to
mention the fact that her anti-cabbit surveillance system

All: (Laugh)

in the shed had caught the two of
them kissing yesterday.  She folded her arms and leveled a calm look at 
Ryoko.

"Where have you been, my little Ryoko?"

Ryoko said nothing.  She had come running to her mother out of instinct, but 
now had no
idea what to do.

Washu cocked her head to one side, a long end of her purple scarf almost 
touching the
floor.  "Well, I can see your clothes are all wet.

Aisha: Not just her clothes

That won't do."  She snapped her fingers
and Ryoko's outfit was replaced by her blue and yellow kimono.

Ryoko looked down at her new clothes in surprise.  "Thanks." She turned her 
eyes to
Washu almost shyly, her shoulders quivering.

"And take this pill, it will counteract the alcohol in your system even 
faster than your
fantastic metabolism could do it," Washu said handing Ryoko a bright blue 
capsule.

Ryoko: No! Don't do it!
Gene: Throw it away!
Clayton: Run while you still can!
Washu: (smiles)


"Wow," Ryoko sniffed, taking the pill and swallowing it with out water.  
"Um... where
did you get these?" Her head was starting to clear.

Aisha: That weird guy behind the 7-11

"I made them when I noticed how much you have to drink before your body can 
feel it.  I
knew they would come in handy!" Washu cackled.

Gene: A masterbation joke if I ever heard one

"Oh," Ryoko said quietly, looking at the floor again.

Tenchi: (Blushes) Looks like a mirror

"Did you want to talk?"  Washu asked with soft encouragement.

Ryoko shrugged.  "I guess. Well, no. Not really."

"What can I say?" she thought, " That Tenchi kissed me while I was toasted?  
And that it
made me feel cheap? Like everything I never wanted him to think about me?"

Washu: That's a good start

She took a step back.  "Never mind."

Washu crossed her arms and frowned.  "Helping the unwilling is a big 
challenge, dear."
She was about to try another approach when a loud nock at her subspace door 
sounded
through the lab.

"Little Washu?  Is Ryoko in there? Let me in!" Tenchi shouted from the other 
side.

"Don't you dare!" Ryoko said sternly, yet with a touch of fear.

Washu grinned. Bingo.   "The door's unlocked Tenchi!" she shouted.

"Why you little..!" Ryoko spit grabbing for Washu.

"If you won't talk to me, you'll just have to talk to him!" Washu proclaimed 
flipping out
of the way and through a handy sub-space portal.  "See ya!"

Washu: (angry) See ya!?! She uses the best words in the English language and 
I end up saying 'See ya'? What's next? 'Gee Wiz'?

"Ryoko!"  Tenchi called, his bare feet slapping on the cold concrete as he 
ran.  His steps
slowed as he came closer to her.  "Ryoko?" he asked stopping a few feet from 
her.

"I don't want to talk right now Tenchi," Ryoko said flatly as she teleported 
to the other
side of the lab and stood, arms crossed, with her back to him.  How could he 
think kindly
of her now?  She was just a stupid drunk.

Ryoko: I am so glad Aeka isn't here any more

Why wouldn't he leave her so she could stop
holding back the tears?  Her dreams of a perfect future with him were 
shattered.

Washu appeared momentarily and shook her head with disapproval.  "Ah, ah, 
ah!  No
powers until you guys talk this out, Ryoko."

Still not turning Ryoko growled, "You wouldn't."

"Gee whiz,

Washu: Ahhhhh! Why?

you ought to know your own mother better!"  And she was gone again.

Aisha: True, you should have seen that coming
Gene: (grins) Give them a minute

Ryoko tried to teleport, but to her dismay found that she could not.  
"Damn!"

"Ryoko, can we talk?" Tenchi asked hesitantly.

"No!"  Her powers useless, Ryoko started walking briskly towards the lab 
door, steering
a wide path around Tenchi. Could this get any worse?

Clayton: It was at that point that Washu began broadcasting this

"Why not?" Tenchi asked following her out into the Masaki household.

"Because!" Ryoko snapped as a large clap of thunder shook the house.  She 
headed
towards the front door.

"You can't go out there, the weather is dangerous!"

"I can do whatever I want," she yelled running out into the storm.

"Ryoko!"

"Leave me alone!"

Ryoko jogged towards the shrine steps, muddy water splashing upon to her 
dress as the
heavy rain quickly drenched her to the bone.  Her dress was becoming weighty 
and
clingy, making running difficult, and her hair lay plastered against her 
head.  That damn
Washu!  And she had come to her for help!

Ryoko: I'll know better next time

"Wait up!"

Ryoko looked over her shoulder to see Tenchi struggling against the wind 
with a large
umbrella.  That umbrella was going to be toast.  She shook her head and 
continued her
way up the stairs, being careful not to slip upon the wet stone.

Half way up she heard him yell out in fear and turned to see him close 
behind, still
fussing with the umbrella and almost tipping over backwards towards s 
certain broken
neck.

"Tenchi!" she yelled, running back towards him.  "Just drop the damn 
umbrella!"

He did as she said and looked up at her sheepishly as she approached him.  
"I didn't want
you to get wet," he said in a meek voice.

Gene: Oh this is gonna be fun

"It's a little late for that," she said grabbing his arm and supporting him 
the rest of the
way to the top.

Ryoko: (Kisses Tenchi)

When they were again on flat ground, she let go of him and looked away as 
the rain
whipped her wet dress around her ankles.  "Now go into the shrine and get 
dry before you
get sick." She tucked a waterlogged lock of hair behind and ear and started 
walking.

"What about you?"

  She paused.  "I need to think."

"Out in the middle of a storm?"

"I'll be fine," she said walking off towards the cave.

"Please. I need to talk to you," Tenchi's quiet tones stopped her unlike any 
shout or
angered yell could.

"There is nothing to talk about Tenchi.  Just go inside, okay?"

Tenchi walked closer, squinting against the rain.  "I can't.  I'm worried 
about yesterday
and..." he trailed off uncertainly.

Tenchi: I didn't mean to step on your foot like that after lunch

She turned and leveled a stare at him.  "I really don't want to have this 
conversation."

Tenchi pressed on.  "I can't believe you of all people are afraid of this.  
I would have
thought that you would be happy."

Ryoko squirmed. Why was he making her talk about this?  It was getting too 
close to her
fears.  This could be the end of any hope for them.  "Happy?" she asked 
sarcastically.
"What do I have to be happy about?"

"I have kissed you twice," he said with a gentle sincerity.

Ryoko: I'd be happy

Ryoko's eye's narrowed.  "Oh yes!  Let's see, the first time was in the dark 
and you ran
away from me afterwards.  Then the second time I was intoxicated and easy!"

Washu: Since when do you have to be drunk to be easy?

Confusion clouded Tenchi's face.  "What are you trying to say?"

Clenching her fists in frustration, Ryoko grunted, then straightened her 
back, and pointed
a finger at Tenchi.  "Let me lay it out for you then.  When it's Ayeka, you 
take her out the
city.  You flirt with her in front everyone at breakfast.  You are gentle 
with her!  With
Ryoko it's a dark room with a closed door, then you can't even stay after 
wards!  With
Ryoko you get in some passion because the drunk won't care!" she shouted 
down her
finger at him.

He paled.  "Ryoko -no- it's not like that."

For once she hated her body.  "You don't like me!  You are just attracted to 
this, "she
said running her hands down her body.

Clayton and Gene: (drool) Can you blame him?

"You think I'm a monster."

Horrified by her accusations, Tenchi just stared at her.


Scene Six: Same Moment
Tenchi


Lightening split the sky above the shrine, swirling the angry clouds of the 
storm.  The tall
conifers that lined the stairs chiseled into the mountain groaned in the 
wind and grabbed
at the sheeting rain with spindly arms.

Washu: She can write like this and I end up saying 'Gee whiz.' (Grumbles)

"I can't believe you Tenchi Masaki!" Ryoko bellowed against the storm, her 
hair lay flat
against her head, a dark gunmetal grey

Ryoko: (growls)
Aisha: Hey my hair is white. Anyway you're younger than I am

with a touch of blue, heavy with rain.  Her blue
and yellow kimono also darkened with water clung to her body like an anchor, 
seeming
to root her to the earth

Tenchi ran agitated hands through his hair. So much was changing right 
before his eyes.
Things had remained constant for almost two years, and in the span of a few 
days it was
all falling apart. How could Ryoko think that about him? Didn't she know him 
at all?

Tenchi: And why can't he take his eyes off of her wet dress?

He looked at Ryoko, her eyes flashing at his continued silence, masking the 
hurt he had
seen in those pools of amber only moments before.

Clayton: She really shouldn't have taken that pill

He shook his head.  He was lying to himself and he knew it.  Things had been 
changing
between the two of them for much longer.  It had only been in the last week 
that a critical
mass of emotion had tipped the scales. And because of his own fears, he had 
been
twisting a knife in her heart.  And he hadn't even realized it.

"Fine!" she growled and straightened her shoulders, masking her pain almost 
as well as
she usually did.  "I should have known you would be like all the others."

Ryoko: All the others? So I'm superslut now?
Gene: Well not in so many words... (takes his beating like a man)

  She pushed
past him, the squelching mud under her feet subtracting from her proud 
display.

"Wait."  Tenchi stated calmly, his new resolve lending strength to his tone.

She paused, but didn't look back.  "Wait?  I've waited and waited Tenchi.  
And look
what I get. I'm outta here."  She titled her head back and looked at his 
shoes.  "For
good."

"Don't!"  Tenchi pleaded as his hand shot forward, capturing her forearm in 
a tight grip.
With a twist of his wrist, a technique from his martial training, he spun 
Ryoko back to
face him and gripped both of her shoulders like he would never let go.  
"Don't you dare
leave me." Not now! Not when it was all clear to him.

She thrashed in his grasp, mightily trying to be free of him.  "Let me go!"

Somehow he managed to hang on, his mind racing for the words to fix this 
awful
situation.  How had it come to these ugly words?

Gene: You waited too long
Clayton: Agreed

"Please!" she cried, unable to hurt him even then.  " Let me go.  Please, 
just let me go!"

Tenchi smiled sadly, and pulled her closer.  "I'm so sorry, Ryoko.  Please 
forgive me.  I
seem doomed to hurt you, don't I?"

Tears in her eyes, she looked away, her struggles slowing.

Tenchi released his hold on one of her shoulders and ran the hand up her 
neck to cup her
left cheek, his pinky nestling behind her ear.  "Forgive me."

Ryoko: Well... okay

Tears spilling, she slid her eyes to his, showing him the turbulent emotions 
brewing there.
Clearly struggling not to, she pushed her cheek further into his hand, the 
rest of her
becoming still.

"I don't think any of things about you.  Don't put that on me, it's not 
fair," he said.

Tenchi slid his second hand to her other cheek and cupped her face firmly 
between his
hands.  "This is so hard for me Ryoko.  I've been secretly in love with you 
forever and I
didn't know how to tell you."

Aisha: You seem to be doing okay

Ryoko screwed her eyes shut to hide her open emotions from him.

Tenchi sighed into the storm.  "Because I waited so long, things started to 
happen
between us.  Our feelings wouldn't be denied.  This is my fault.  I should 
have told you
sooner." Still holding her face he used his thumbs to brush away her tears.

He leaned in and pressed his forehead to hers "I love you.  YOU: the brave, 
loyal friend.
The crafty fox

Gene and Clayton: (To the theme to Zorro) Ryoko! The fox so cunning and 
brave...

who will not be trapped again, the hidden sweetness, the showing
boldness.  It's you I love and your beauty would be nothing without who you 
are inside,"
he confessed.

Ryoko opened her eyes and stared at him.  "You - you mean it?" she whispered 
with
faint hope.

He pulled her face closer and touched his lips to hers softly, unlike the 
almost violent
firestorm of their earlier kiss that day.  This kiss, with its gentle 
conquest affirmed love
before passion.

"Tenchi," Ryoko breathed pulling away.  "That was..." she broke off and 
kissed him
again, unable to find the words.

Tenchi slid his arms around her and returned her kisses.  He tried to keep 
it light, to cool
his passion, but he found that they were both turning on the heat together.  
He felt
Ryoko's tongue lightly stroking his lips in invitation and opened his mouth 
to let it inside.

Clayton: (Passes out cards) Okay mark down each time you hear the words 
'care free', 'let it inside', or 'pleasure'.

Slowly she slid it along the roof of his mouth, then she traced the outline 
of his teeth.

A lighting strike sounded close by as Tenchi intercepted her tongue with his 
own,
engaging her in a lingual dance

Washu: (Holding a dictionary) Lingual: Having to do with language
Gene: Well they seem to be doing well on the oral

that set both of their nerves sparking.  It was becoming
hard to think, and they were out in the middle of a dangerous storm.  He 
broke the kiss
for the briefest of seconds to murmur "We need to find cover," before 
sliding his tongue
back into her mouth with out preamble.

She moaned in agreement and pulled away.  "Must... tell... Washu...get 
powers back..."
she muttered before pressing her lips back to his.   Within moments Ryoko 
teleported
them into the cave without breaking the stride of the kiss.

Gene: The creepy part is that Washu is watching them
Washu: (grins) I'm kinky that way

Sensing the change of location, Tenchi sunk to his knees on the dry stone of 
the cave's
floor taking Ryoko with him. He kissed her for a few moments then 
reluctantly pulled
away, so that they were facing each other in seiza.

"The cave?" he questioned, knowing her fear of this place.

"This section is okay, it's near the surface and warm," she said softly, 
then added, "And
you are here with me." She let the gem on her wrist illuminate the room.

Aisha: Oops, radiation. No grandkids for Washu

In the red light Tenchi couldn't help noticing the way Ryoko's nipples were 
showing
through her wet dress as peaks of arousal.

Gene: Yodlelayhehoo!

His mouth went dry, but he remembered her
words and decided to hold back.

She noticed the direction of his gaze and blushed.  "See something you 
like?" she asked
sincerely, her old seductive bravado completely gone.  "I won't be mad."

Gene: (Faints)
Ryoko: (Grins) I've still got it

Tenchi nodded and licked his lips feeling that yearning, that need come over 
him again.

Without a word she took his hand and placed it against her breast. "I want 
you to touch
me, Tenchi."

"Are you sure? But those things that you said..."

She dropped her eyes. "I was hurt, I didn't understand things.  I've always 
wanted you to
touch me."  She pressed his hand more firmly to her,

"In here?" he protested again.  "On a hard stone floor? Let's go back to the 
house."

She held his hand to her chest.  "We won't be left alone and this moment 
will pass. I
don't want to lose you."

Washu: Don't worry, I have him on the GPS

"You deserve more than this Ryoko.  I - I want this too, but in a warm, soft 
bed."

She smiled at that and wrinkled her nose, concentrating.

Tenchi: You've been watching Bewitched again
Ryoko: So? Our show is based on I dream of Jeannie

Behind her a large futon covered in soft blankets and cushions appeared.  
Another
wrinkle of her nose brought a altar's worth of lit votive candles scattered 
across the cave
lending a warm illumination to the darkness as they scented the air with 
cinnamon.

Clayton: Ooo, she's gonna sacrifice him to the gods!
Aisha: I don't think we want Sasami involved at this point

Instead of a cold cave, the chamber was now a cozy grotto hidden from the 
prying eyes of
family.

Washu: (Whistles innocently)

"I had Ryo-Ohki beam these from my ship's quarters." She smiled and removed 
her
hand, smiling when his remained upon her. "Tenchi..." Her eyes spoke of her 
rising
feelings for him as his fingers traced the outline of a very erect nipple 
"Oh...."

Tenchi's other hand joined in and began teasing her through her clothing.  
"Like this?" he
whispered, feeling unsure.

Gene: Need some deoderant?
Ryoko: (Hits him) Mess this scene up for me and I'll kill you

"That's good," she murmured, her eyes half closed.

Tenchi swallowed as he watched her.  She looked so sexy all wet and 
disheveled like
that.  And she liked what he was doing, that much was clear.  Perhaps those 
things he had
read in his dad's books were right after all.

Feeling more confident, he slid behind her and kissed the soft skin of her 
neck and behind
her ears, smiling as she shuddered at his touch. Still kissing her, he 
slowly untied the belt
of her dress and undid the tiny, almost hidden buttons exposing the pale 
skin of her back
as it stretched tautly over her firm muscles.

Ryoko: (slaps her own butt) Damn I'm hot

He trailed kisses down that expanse of skin and enjoyed her sudden change in 
breathing.
He nibbled a little and was gratified when she jumped.  Right now he wanted 
to touch
those breasts without the wet fabric around them.

Moving slowly, hardly believing he was daring this,

Gene: I can barely believe it

he slipped his hands under her arms
and there they were, smooth globes of curving flesh filling his hands.  This 
skin was soft,
smooth and elastic, quite unlike the skin on her back. The contrasting rough 
hardness of
her nipples begged for attention. He squeezed softly, delighted at how the 
flesh gave
under the pressure. His head spun as touching her there made his whole body 
yearn for
more.  He needed to see her breasts, he needed to taste them.  He needed 
more than that.
He needed to touch all of her at once. It was so clear how people got 
carried away by
passion, he knew he couldn't stop now unless she asked him to stop.

Clayton: $50 says she doesn't

"Please, take us out of these wet clothes," her urged into her ear.

All: Huh?

"I need to see you."

Ryoko murmured and reached back to touch his shirt, and in an instant they 
were both
naked , their soaked clothing slopping to the floor.  Tenchi took in the 
close view of her
ivory body, then pressed the length of his body against her back, his warm 
erection
sliding along the crease of her rear, making her gurgle in surprise.

Turning her around, he pushed forward and tipped them into the softness of 
the pallet,
kissing her as they fell.

Ryoko broke the kiss and moved to roll on top of him, hunger flaming in her 
eyes.

Washu: And so like the praying mantis and blackwiddow spider Ryoko devoured 
her mate

Tenchi countered her move and flipped her back over and pinned her beneath 
him,
holding her wrists over her head.

"Please, " he asked, kissing her softly and sucking at her bottom lip.  
"This is new to me.
Let me make love to you,  let me try, then it's your turn I promise."  He 
kissed her
deeply, finding her tongue again.  "Please?" he asked into her mouth.

Ryoko: What was that? You were mumbling

Aroused to speechlessness, she nodded and waited for him to make a move.

Tenchi released her hands and rolled to the side of her.  He ran his hands 
down her arms,
feeling the gooseflesh rise in the wake of his touch.  The warm candlelight 
cast a golden
glow over her skin, hi-lighting her natural beauty.

He moved his hands in wide sweeping strokes, lightly touching her breasts, 
her belly, the
soft patch of fur between her legs, and tracing down her long legs.   He was 
making a
map of her body, exploring every curve and etching this moment into his 
memory for all
time.

Clayton: (As a tourguide) And to your left you will see buttcrack canyon. 
Above you can see the great nipple mountains...

She had the cutest toes.  He lingered at her feet for a while before moving 
back up
her legs.

She moaned for him as his hands roamed, claiming her as his. Somehow he knew 
this
was something she had always wanted: for him to make love to her, to make a 
decisive
move, not just give into her seductions.

Aisha: Mostly because she told him so every five minutes

This was acceptance for her, and he wanted to
make it clear that he loved her.

"You are so beautiful. Just look at you," he whispered in awe.

He lowered his lips to her breast and engulfed a nipple in his warm mouth, 
making her
sigh.  He sucked, loving the idea of doing this to her. This was his Ryoko 
and he was
pleasuring

All: (Mark their cards)

her breasts, something he had only dreamed of doing before. He was actually
doing it.

His desire mounting, he trapped the nipple between his teeth and nibbled. 
Her cry of
pleasure

All: (check their cards again)

encouraged him to try the other breast.  While he orally pleasured one 
breast, his
hands were happy to pleasure the other, kneading, squeezing, and pulling at 
her nipple
until it seemed to double in size.

Over and over she murmured his name, like a mantra. Like a prayer.

His amorous successes brining him more confidence, he left her breasts and 
began to kiss
his way down her stomach towards the light blue fur that hid her secrets 
from view.

Reaching the edge of that mysterious carpet, Tenchi paused and blew a slow, 
hot breath
over the small triangle, causing Ryoko's hips to twitch.

"Mmmm," she whimpered twisting a tassel from a pillow between her fingers.

He blew again, this time placing his lips closer to her body.  "Do you like 
that?" he
murmured, already knowing the answer from the little throaty sounds she was 
making,
but he wanted to hear her tell him.

"Yes," she whispered sharply.

Ryoko: (Begins to paw Tenchi)
Washu: (Paws Clayton (It's my fic after all))
Gene and Aisha: (Wish that Jim and Melfina were there)

"What about this?"  He trailed a fingertip over the very tops of the blue 
green hair,
making a subtle movement that was felt in a big way at the roots of her 
follicles.

Tenchi: Wait a minute... brown!
Ryoko: Washu, that rinse you made me isn't supposed to wash out in the rain!

"Ahhh," she sighed trying to raise her hips to meet his hand.

Gene: (As Tenchi's hand) I am very glad to meet you

Loving this response he moved his finger higher and continued the teasing 
caress.  "Is it
nice?"

"Please, touch me," her urgent whisper begged.

He repeated his motion, this time watching her face.  Heavy lids half 
covered her glazed
eyes as small drops of perspiration formed on her brow.  A lone fang 
protruded from her
upper lip as she ran her tongue over her bottom lip.

"Please," she said shakily.

He stretched up and kissed her lips. "I love you."

She ran a firm hand through his short black hair and kissed his neck.  
"Tenchi," she
breathed into his ear. "Touch me right now, or else."

Ryoko: (cracks her knuckles)

Chuckling, he looked her in the eyes as he traced his hand back between her 
legs and let
his middle finger gently slide between the seal of her pubic lips.  Her eyes 
rolled up into
her head

Aisha: Someone get an exorcist!

as she again raised her hips to meet his touch.

He pushed harder, his finger sinking further into the incredibly hot and 
most skin of her
vulva.  It was like satin sheets on a heated waterbed, and his finger seemed 
to fit into this
natural slit perfectly.

He had read his father's magazines, and knew the concrete basics of making 
love, but
those cold pictures were nothing compared to the organic reality of real 
life.  She felt like
a ripe peach on a July afternoon and he wanted a bite.

But first, there was something he was curious about.  He slid his finger 
upwards and
encountered a small, shielded nub of flesh that was harder than the rest. 
Spreading wings
of flesh away from it, he rubbed it experimentally.

Clayton: (As Robin Williams) You now get three orgasms!

This time Ryoko's hips bucked sharply and he lost his place.  But it looked 
like that was
the spot he had been hoping for.  He quested for it again, hoping she would 
remain still
this time.

"Oh, a little to the right, " Ryoko guided with her voice and he found it 
again, touching it
softly this time.

"Mmmm," she murmured, rubbing her breasts with her own hands.  "Oh, Tenchi.  
Right
there."

He rubbed it a little more forcefully and spread her lips so he could see 
what he was
doing.

Tenchi: (In shock) Hey, it's the seven dwarves!
Dwarf: Sorry, took a long turn in the diamon mine (Leave)

The deep pink flesh glistened and beckoned to him as his lover writhed and
moaned beneath his touch.

"It feels so good, don't stop," she urged, her voice sounding a half-step 
higher than usual.

Still touching her, Tenchi eased over her body and in between her legs so 
that his head
was positioned just over her stomach. He lowered his head until the sweet 
and salt aroma
of her sex wafted into his nostrils,

Clayton: I know it's wrong, but I have a sudden craving for popcorn

the smell of late summer fruits.  He touched his tongue
to the smooth skin of her labia and tasted her.  It was wonderful and 
earthy, almost
exactly as it smelled.  He noticed Ryoko was silent and still now, her 
anticipation clear.

Ryoko: If I was any clearer I'd be invisible (Turns invisible)
Others: (Notice certain areas of Tenchi's closing move on their own)

With a quick motion he covered her clitoris with his mouth and worked it 
with his
tongue, immediately feeling her fingers twined in his hair and her ragged 
gasps of breath
urging him on.

He could do this forever.  Here he was,Tenchi Masaki ,pleasuring a woman he 
loved.
Just listening to her cries of pleasure was erotic, pleasing

All: (three more checks)
Gene: I'd almost think she was feeling pleasure
Washu: What gave you that idea?

him in a way his own hands
never could.

Clayton and Gene: (Laugh and point at Tenchi)

As he alternated between sucking and licking, Ryoko was jumping around
like a mustang, but by now he knew how to hold on.

"Tenchi!" she shouted as the flicking of his tongue drove rational thought 
out of her
mind.  "I can't take it!  It's too much!"

Yet her hands were firmly holding him in place, not pulling him away.  He 
continued,
listening in awe as she lost control.

"Oh please!  Oh no!  I can't... not again... Yes....Tenchi!  Oh Tenchi!"

Aisha: She's complicated

Concomitant

Gene: Is that even a word?
Clayton: Yes, it means together

with her last shouted word he felt the muscles in her abdomen contract and
she arched her back, nearly knocking him away.  He watched with fascination 
as she
collapsed, a dreamy, far away look in her eyes.

Tenchi's penis was throbbing now, aroused beyond bearing at the sight of her 
lying there,
dazed from the passion of his intimate kisses.  He had been holding back for 
her, to give
her pleasure

(Pencil scratching)

first, but things were quickly moving beyond his control as he in turn was
losing his ability to think.

He crawled on top of her, nearly orgasming when his sensitive member bumped 
against
her stomach.  Instead he kissed her, with her own flavor still heavy upon 
his tongue.  Her
arms snaked around his neck and she matched his passion by deepening the 
kiss and
grinding her hips into his.

He could barely take it.

"Ryoko," he breathed.  "Ryoko, I can't... I can't wait."

"Hurry," she urged.

(A group of men enter singing): She's got the urge!
Ryoko: (Blasts them) I'm married
Washu: (As Dr. Ruth) I'm going to try the body wash

"Please."

He slid his knee between her legs and gently pushed them further apart.

Gene: Man you've got a big pussy. Man you've got a big pussy
Tenchi: Why did you say that twice?
Gene: (Grins) I didn't (Is hit)

He locked into
her gaze and lowered his hips pointing his penis into the warm and damp apex 
of her
thighs.

He groaned as he felt her fingers guide him to the right spot and he held 
himself poised at
her entrance.

"I love you," he said as he slowly pushed his penis into her, feeling her 
warmth surround
him.

She said nothing, but closed her eyes in delight and held onto his 
shoulders.

"Oh," he muttered as powerful sensations clouded his mind.

Clayton: Ah, so it's The Shadow

He pulled back, almost removing himself from her depths,

Gene: (As Kusto) Today whe are shendink in a team of divers to explore the 
depths of Ryoko (A seagull cries out) Everywhere we go we hear those damn 
birds

causing a delightful friction to
arise between their bodies.  And then back in again. And out. And in. Over 
and over.

Tenchi: Sounds like a Tye-Bo class
Gene: Where do we sign up?

He buried his face in her neck as they moved together. The scent of her 
completing the
perception that he was somehow completely enclosed by her. 
''Ryoko...please..." It was
his turn to beg.

Time worked differently as their bodies pulled apart and rejoined 
repeatedly.  It became
less about a physical act, and more about a sense of disassociation, a 
merging of their
spirits into one entity and they were flying high above the mortal plane. In 
that moment,
they knew everything about each other.

Ryoko: This was way over written
Clayton: I agree. It's a little too good

Then they were back in the realm of the physical very urgent, very real 
sensations driving
them faster towards climax.

Ryoko was meeting every stroke with her hips in a gently circular motion, 
her vaginal
muscles pulling at his penis as it slid along its path.

Washu: Oh that's right, I made it prehensile
Tenchi and Ryoko: Thank you

Her nails scratched his back in time
with their rhythm, and her grunts of pleasure were raising in volume, 
mingling with his
own sounds of pleasure.

Aisha: Is it just me or does anyone else remember that Yosho is sitting in a 
room with paper thin walls located ten feet from the entrance to this very 
cave?

Feeling something in his middle flex Tenchi grabbed the edge of the futon 
above Ryoko's
head for support and began pushing into her as fast as he could, a great 
sense of urgency
driving him.

"Harder," she urged.  "More."

And he gave it to her, crying out as something within him stretched thinner 
and thinner.
Then it snapped,

The guys: (Wince) Yeowch!

and with one last heave he buried himself within her and came, the
throbbing waves of orgasm crashing over him as his semen rushed into her.

Clayton: All aboard!
Ryoko: Not seamen you moron

She arched into him, his orgasm sending her into another series of her own. 
She ground
her hips into his unable to help herself as the sensations took over.

Spent, but enjoying her continued pleasure,

Clayton: That's it, this christmas I'm sending a thesaurus to everyone

Tenchi dropped sleepy kisses on her face,
neck and shoulders as she drifted back to the world.

He collapsed on top of her, reluctant to withdraw, to break their connection 
as a heavy
sleepiness stole over him.  He snuggled into her hair and closed his eyes.

"Tenchi."

"Mmmpf," he answered, barely awake.

"It's not over yet."

Clayton: I should think not. Anything less than twelve isn't even foreplay
Gene: You're bluffing
Washu: No, he isn't
Clayton: (smile)

She rolled him off of her with gentle hands and moved away. "You
promised Tenchi."

As he lay there, barely cognizant, he felt wisps of her half-dry hair 
brushing over his
penis.  He opened an eye to see Ryoko crouched at his waist slowly drawing 
her mane of
hair over his genitals. Soft sensations that were a mix of tickling and 
erotic sparks
followed in the path of her hair.

He groaned softly as he felt his limp member begin to stir back to life.

Washu: It's alive! It's alive!

  He heard her trill
a little purr in response and looked again to see her mouth very close to 
the tip of his
penis.

"It's my turn now," she said in breathy tones, letting the hot air from her 
mouth caress the
sensitive skin.

She made eye contact with him and extended her tongue to take a long lick.

Ryoko: One Tootsie Pop joke and I'll...
Washu: (Pushes a button on her computer and Ryoko is suddenly on an owl 
mask) How many licks does it take?
Tenchi: No biting!
Ryoko: One (slurp)... two (slurp)...
Clayton and Gene: (snicker)

As he
moaned, she let her lips take in the tip and slowly drew his length into her 
mouth as it
began to harden anew.

Indiana Jones: (crawling out of Ryoko's throat after being lost while 
following some dwarves) I would have prefered snakes (Begins running down 
her throat right ahead of it)

  Still looking up at him she drew her head back until she only held
his tip lightly between her front teeth.

"Ryoko..."

Ryoko: (Still in owl mask) THREE!
Tenchi: (Whimper)

With a quick movement she took all of it again, letting the muscles in her 
throat tickle
him.  She repeated this motion with increasing speed until Tenchi had his 
hands in her
hair, pushing and pulling with her.

Coloured lights were exploding behind his eyes as he moaned out meaningless 
sounds,
trying to ask her to go on forever.

Clayton: (snort) Please, you almost fell asleep after the first two
Washu: Don't worry Ryoko, I have a version of Viagra for him
All: (remember the blue pill Washu gave her earlier)

As he felt himself losing control, she stopped.

Before he could protest she climbed atop of him and lowered herself upon his 
painfully
aroused penis.

He gasped as it slid into the even hotter, even tighter depths of her.  He 
was engulfed by
the intensity of sensation, but steeled himself against coming. This was so 
good, it needed
to last.

He reached out and grabbed her hips, allowing her to rise and fall with more 
force.
Above him her head was thrown back and her breasts bobbed in time with her
movements.  As he watched she took rubbed her chest and began to moan, 
obviously on
the edge of an orgasm.

He wanted to see it.  He wanted to see her come before he did.  "Do it," he 
whispered.
"Let go for me."

She continued to bounce on him, but her body was tensing.  Her mouth opened 
into a
silent cry, and her eyes closed tightly as he felt the walls of her vagina 
constrict in
powerful waves.

Gene and Aisha: (Look around) Where is everybody?
(a few days later everyone returns)
Ryoko: Thanks mom
Gene and Aisha: (A little fatter after living off twinkies and other 
snackfoods all weekend)

He pulled her down one final time as he thrust into her and let himself go, 
his own
orgasm so powerful that he was sure he had been blown out of reality.  
Almost as if in
another world, he felt her body slump against him.  With leaden arms he 
turned them on
their sides and cuddled into her.

Both of them could barely move, so they just lay there enjoying the 
tiredness and
afterglow of their loving.  It had taken so much to get to this point, and 
now the future
they had longed for was the present.

Their dreams had come true.

Washu: Note to self: Monitor Tenchi and Ryoko's dreams

As sleep stole over them both Tenchi remembered something important and 
whispered to
her.  "No more hiding, no more dark rooms.  I'm telling everyone about us 
first thing
tomorrow."

Tenchi: (writing)
Clayton: You can put the card away, it's over
Tenchi: I'm writing my will.
Clayton: Oh, carry on then


The End.




Well, that was my first Lemon.  What did you think?

Clayton: It was too well written. More like Moby Dick than a fan fic or even 
an anime
Ryoko: The sex scene relied on metaphores a bit too much
Gene: There was some slight lack of character development
Washu: You had me say "gee Whiz"
Aisha: Not enough food
Tenchi: Where was everybody else?
Clayton: All in all we give it a 6 out of 10.

MSTers note

  I know I said I'd never MST a lemon. But as I read this I just saw such 
possibility and knew that if I didn't do it nobody else would. Email you 
opinion to clayton_n@hotmail.com or talk to me like at the Tenchi debate 
room http://mercury.beseen.com/chat/rooms/g/16807






