The MST Party!
The Bumblebee's Late-Nite MST
Tonight at the MST Party I have invited my friends Lady Kaguya, Blue, LT, Eggy, 
Jay, and Tuba. These guys are my friends but I changed their names (I thought 
maybe you could figure that out on your own, but just in case). They can only be 
used for my MSTs, got it? They're MY friends, after all. Oh, and don't sue me. I 
don't own anything otherwise I wouldn't be at the homeless shelter.
And let the games begin!

First, let's meet the guests.....
The Bumblebee (Bee) - the host.
Lady Kaguya - grammar-happy royalty 
Blue - a dragoness
LT - a goddess who believes in inner beauty
Eggy - a Mihoshi-hating Redundant Killer Repetitive Fatal Rodent Squirrel of 
Death.
Jay - a guy who likes to watch Dragon Ball Z. In French.
Tuba - a hentai-happy guy

The Bumblebee: Okay, guys, tonight I thought we'd MST some of Clayton 
Overstreet's fics.
Lady Kaguya: Please pass the Twizzlers.
Blue: I've never read any of his fics before. What are they like?
LT: Is this a sleepover?
Eggy: Is Mihoshi in it? I hate Mihoshi. I wish she would die.
Jay: I've seen every Dragon Ball Z episode ever released. In French.
Tuba: Is this a lemon?
Bee: No.
Tuba: Dangit!
Bee: Before we get too out of hand, let's get going, okay?

	I don't own these characters or profit from them Tenchi's 

	Freaky Friday (Yes this is a knock off) 

Eggy: At least he has the guts to admit it.

	By, Clayton Overstreet 

Lady Kaguya: Is that, like, his real name?
Tuba: Like you can talk.
Blue: Like ANY of us can talk....

	Ryoko sighed and looked up at the moon. She smiled, considering carving 
her and Tenchi's faces onto it in a large heart. That would show Aeka. But 
Tenchi wouldn't like it. 

Jay: And it would really confuse the rest of the planet.
	
	She sighed, looking out at the stars. Ryoko was prettier than the princess 
was. But Tenchi always seemed to favor her more. 

LT: Maybe because looks have nothing to do with it.

	Maybe it was her grace, her upbringing, or that famous Royal blood that 
Aeka was always harping about. 

LT: Or that. It could just be that.

	Phasing through the roof, Ryoko sighed. If only she could find out what it 
was. Then maybe she wouldn't scare Tenchi so much. 
	"I wish I could be her for just one day." Closing her eyes, Ryoko settled 
into bed. 
	Meanwhile, Aeka was standing in front of her full-length mirror. There was 
nothing wrong, as far as she could see. Smooth skin, deep red eyes, long silky 
hair, and small pink lips. So why was it Tenchi didn't fall head over heals for 
her? 
	
Tuba: 'Cuz he hasn't been to med school yet
Bee: I think the author meant 'heels.'

	It was that damn Ryoko. She was the only one Tenchi even got a nosebleed 
around any more. It had to be because he knew Aeka was his aunt. 

Blue: Yeah, that might be considered a turn-off.
Lady Kaguya: Not in West Virginia.
Blue: Or if you're Angelina Jolie.

	And because of Ryoko's ridiculously large chest. 

Tuba: I wouldn't call it ridiculously large.
Jay: Oh, come on. She looks top-heavy.
Bee: (sighs) Boys will be boys...
	
	She didn't like to think that way about Lord Tenchi, but he was a man. If 
only there was a way to know for sure. 
	
Blue: (as Aeka) I wish I could be her.

	As distasteful as it seemed, Aeka whispered, "I wish I could be her for 
just one day." Then, shuddering at the thought, she turned to go to bed. 

Blue: Who called it?

	Tenchi yawned and stretched as he woke up. It was a nice bright morning, 
and a beam of sunlight hit him in the face. 

Tuba: (as Tenchi) Ouch, that hurts!
Lady Kaguya: Watch out for those beams. You could get splinters.
	
	Smiling, he got up and headed to the bathroom. He almost had his pants 
down to use the toilet when he felt arms wrap around him and a familiar voice 
whisper in his ear. 
	
Bee: I don't think we really needed to know that.
LK: Oh, come on. You're such a prude.

	"Good morning, Tenchi, did you miss me?" Ryoko asked. 
	Tenchi bit the inside of his cheek to keep from smiling. Instead he sighed 
and tried to sound exasperated. "Ryoko, you need to stop doing this." 
	"But why, Tenchi? Aren't I pretty enough?" Ryoko pouted. 

LT: Like I said earlier...

	Tenchi sighed and turned to face her. "You know that's not it, it's 
just... Aeka?" He stopped and stared in shock. 
	Ryoko turned quickly behind her. "Where?" Not seeing anyone, she turned 
back to Tenchi. 

Lady Kaguya: My biggest pet peeve about fanfics is authors who don't know what a 
comma is for. Not that that has anything to do with this here part of the story.

	"Aeka, what are you doing? And why are you talking like Ryoko?" Tenchi 
asked. 

Eggy: "Talking like?" Does he mean she has her voice or just her dirty mouth?
LT: Probably her voice, because he thought it was Ryoko at first.
Bee: It IS Ryoko, in Aeka's body.
Lady Kaguya: In the original "Freaky Friday," they didn't switch voices.
Blue: Wouldn't the voice come with the body?
Tuba: I wish I could switch places with Tenchi. It would be a whole lot 
different, I guarantee.

	Ryoko looked at him confused. "Tenchi, what the heck are you talking..." 
Her eyes locked on the mirror behind him. Aeka's reflection looked back. Ryoko 
raised her right arm and the reflection did the same. Reaching to her head Ryoko 
pulled some hair where she could see it. It was dark purple.

Jay: I think she sees what Tenchi is talking about.

 Suddenly, Ryoko began laughing. Rolling on the floor, she laughed so hard tears 
came from her eyes. 

Tuba: She's cracked.

	"Ryoko?" Tenchi asked, beginning to figure things out. 
	Suddenly, there was a high-pitched scream from down the hall. Tenchi and 
Ryoko ran to Aeka's room. When they got there, Ryoko was staring at herself in 
the mirror and screaming in Aeka's voice. 

Lady Kaguya: Must...add...commas....
Bee: (holding Kaguya back) No! We must leave the fic as is if we're going to MST 
it!
Lady Kaguya: Why didn't you tell me that before! (She holds up half full sack. 
Bee peers in and sees that it's full of punctuation marks) I've already been 
adding commas copiously!
(Bee moans & slaps her forehead)
Lady Kaguya: I've already fixed some other errors, too. Heehee! No one can stop 
me - I'm better than Grammar or Spell Check!

	Ryoko laughed from the doorway. "Oh this is perfect! Hey princess, look at 
this." 
	Aeka turned and saw Ryoko standing there in her body with her finger up 
her nose. "You! This is your fault! Give me back my body you pirate!" She jumped 
forward and grabbed the hand Ryoko had in her nose and pulled on it. Something 
in Ryoko's hand cracked and pain shot through her body. 

Eggy: "Ryoko's hand" as in the hand on Ryoko's body, or the hand that is on 
Aeka's body, which Ryoko happens to be in?
Tuba: I don't think that's important.

	"Ahhh, let go! Let go before you rip it off!" 
	Aeka was so surprised that she dropped Ryoko. "I...I didn't mean too. I 
didn't even squeeze you that hard. You never hurt me like that." 
	Ryoko glared up at her, holding her wrist. "That's because I was never 
trying you royal twit!" 

Lady Kaguya: (sarcastic) Oh, THAT hurt. I know Ryoko can come up with better 
zingers than that!

	Without thinking Tenchi bent down next to Ryoko. "Ryoko are you alright?" 
	Through gritted teeth she nodded. "Yeah, I've been through worse. Of 
course then I could heal myself. Ahhh!" 
	Tenchi pet her hair, trying to calm her down. "It's alright Ryoko. I'll go 
get Washu. She'll know what to do." 

Jay: Does this story have a point? I'm not that patient.
Eggy: I think it's okay. Mihoshi's not in it.
Bee: Yet.

	Aeka watch Tenchi lavished attention on Ryoko. 

Jay: Good job keeping your tenses straight, Mr. Overstreet.
Blue: Or can we just call you Clay?
Lady Kaguya: Are we allowed to address the author when we MST?

Even when she was in her body he liked her better. It wasn't fair. She just 
wanted to... they all looked up as a hole appeared in the wall. Then a bright 
red light shone through the hole and window, followed by a huge roar that 
deafened them all. When it stopped they all looked at Aeka's hand in shock and 
fear. Outside the mountains were missing something: A mountain. 

LT: I didn't know she could do that.

	"I think I'll go get Washu now." Tenchi said and ran out of the room. 

Bee: Is it such a good idea to leave Aeka & Ryoko in a room alone together?

	Aeka managed to collect her jaw and looked down at Ryoko. 

Lady Kaguya: Really? That's so cool! I collect jaws too!

	"How could I do that? I mean you only have one gem. How could you be so 
strong with one gem?" 
	Ryoko, now that the shock had passed, was once again holding her hand in 
pain. "Actually princess that was without the gem. To use that power you'd have 
to know what you were doing." 
	Aeka shuddered. "You mean to say... you've been playing with me this whole 
time?" 

Jay: "Chutes & Ladders" probably would've been a lot safer.
LT: Or maybe some good, old-fashioned video games! (she whips out her handy-
dandy N64 controller)
Blue: ...old-fashioned...?

	Ryoko was in too much pain to respond. She simply took a deep breath, 
shaking slightly. Just then Tenchi and Washu came in. Without glancing at Aeka 
they kneeled down next to Ryoko. 
	"This is going to take a little time to heal Ryoko." Washu said and ran a 
green beam over her hand. 

Lady Kaguya: I told you, watch out with those beams!

	"How long?" Ryoko asked. 
	Washu grinned. "It's done. I also replaced the mountain and fixed the hole 
in the wall." 

Blue: That didn't take much.
Bee: I wonder if anyone noticed the missing mountain.

	Aeka frowned, and almost got upset that they weren't paying attention to 
her. 

Lady Kaguya: Hey, look at me! Lookatmelookatmelookatme!
Bee: Hey, Jay, did you hear something?
Lady Kaguya: Over here!
Jay: No. Why, did you?
(Lady Kaguya jumps up and down and up and down and up and down)
Bee: No. Just wonderin'.

	Then she remembered the mountain and calmed down. 

LT: And when Texans remember the Alamo, they get hyper.

	They were only fussing because it was her body that was hurt. It had 
nothing to do with Ryoko or Tenchi would be focused on her... right? 
	By now Sasami, Ryo-ohki, Mihoshi, Noboyuki, and Yosho had arrived. 

Bee: See? She's in it after all.
Eggy: I hope they kill her off. (laughs evilly)

	They had watched the exchange and realized that Ryoko's voice was coming 
out of Aeka. 

Lady Kaguya: Who was pondering that earlier?

	Sasami looked up at her and said, "Aeka? Is that really you?" 
	Aeka nodded. "I'm afraid so Sasami. Somehow I've ended up in this 
disgusting body. I can only hope that I can get out of it soon so I can bathe." 
	Ryoko snorted. "Like I'm having the time of my life huh princess?" 
	Sasami giggled. "Well you're going to have to put up with it for a little 
bit." 
	Everyone looked at her in shock. Noboyuki scratched his head. "What do you 
mean Sasami?" 

Lady Kaguya: I think he spelled "Nobuyuki" wrong.
Bee: You mean "Nobiyuki."
Lady Kaguya: Nobuyuki.
Bee: Nobiyuki.
Lady Kaguya: NOBUYUKI!
Bee: NOBIYUKI!
Noboyuki: Look! Two lovely ladies are arguing over me!
Lady Kaguya: Ack! Leave us alone, you hentai!
Bee: Someone get him back in the fic!
(Tuba and Jay wrestle with Noboyuki for a while and manage to kick him out of 
the MST and back into the fanfic)

	Sasami laughed again and looked at them. "Well last night Tsunami heard 
the two of you wish that you could trade bodies for a day. So she did it." 

Jay: The question is, why?

	Washu laughed along with her. "Oh that's a good one. I wish I'd thought of 
it." 

Blue: It takes her seconds to replace a mountain, but she couldn't come up with 
that? It's been made into a million remakes already! Doesn't she ever watch TV 
movies?

	At first everyone was confused, then they all joined in the laughter. 
Except for Aeka of course. "Well I am glad you are all enjoying this. But I 
don't want to be stuck in this body for another minute."
	Sasami shrugged. "Sorry, but you asked for a day." 

Eggy: So deal with it.

	Ryoko grinned at her. "Oh come on princess. Where's your sense of 
adventure?" 
	Aeka shook her head. "I don't care about any adventure. I want my body 
back!" As she said the last she vaporized the mountain again. 

Lady Kaguya: How does she DO that?

	Washu sighed. "It seems that I need to tone down your powers for today. 
Ryoko, how much power do you usually use at most when you fight Aeka?" 
	Aeka looked at Ryoko too. "Yes, how much? Half?" 
	Ryoko thought about it. "I'd say about 0.01 percent." 

LT: That is, if you can count that high.

	Washu nodded and began to make the changes in Aeka. Aeka however wasn't 
going to stand for it. "Wait, that can't be right. Yosho, you've fought her for 
real. What do you think?" 
	Yosho nodded, "That sounds about right." 
	Aeka just sat and stared. Ryoko had been toying with her this whole time. 
She barely even noticed the sudden weakness she felt. 

Bee: I'm guessing that Aeka's not having a real good day.

	"O.K., that does it." Washu said. "Let's go get breakfast before something 
else happens. 

Lady Kaguya: Where's that ending quotation mark?

	Mihoshi looked at her. "So why is Ryoko talking like Aeka?" 

Eggy: DIE, Mihoshi!!!
Blue: Get back here! You can't go and kill characters in someone else's fanfic!

	Breakfast was interesting to say the least. As usual Ryoko and Aeka sat on 
either side of Tenchi. The others watched fascinated as Ryoko used Aeka's body 
to gulp down at least twenty pancakes. Meanwhile Aeka was eating at her usual 
pace, but kept bending her fork and shattering her glasses. 

Tuba: Good job, Aeka.

	Suddenly Ryoko stopped eating and grabbed her stomach. "Ow! Crap, I feel 
like I'm going to puke." 
	Aeka smirked. "That's what you get for eating too much Ryoko." Then her 
stomach growled. "Oh my..." 
	Ryoko laughed. "And you aren't eating enough little girl." 
	Aeka sniffed, but began eating more. "Well at least now I know why you are 
such a pig." 

Jay: I'm...so...bored...

	Sasami stepped in before Ryoko could respond. "So who is doing what chores 
today?" 	Ryoko growled. "I finished mine last night. I don't care if I am in 
Aeka's body, I won't do her work for her." 
	"And I don't want you to Ryoko. Just because I am stuck in your body 
doesn't mean I'll be as lazy as you." Aeka said. 
	Tenchi sighed. "I can see where this is going so will one of you please 
just come help me in the fields today?" 

Lady Kaguya: This fic has really titillating dialogue. Really...
Bee: Stop being sarcastic, guys.
Jay: We're MSTing! Aren't we SUPPOSED to be sarcastic!?!
LT: What does MST stand for again?

	Ryoko grinned and spoke up while Aeka had her mouth full. "I'll do it. My 
chores are done already so that's no problem." 
	Aeka growled in her throat, 

Jay: There's a frog in there. A really, really mean frog.

	but couldn't think up a good excuse since she had insisted on doing her 
own chores. Oh well, it didn't matter. Ryoko was in her body so it was obvious 
that any feelings Tenchi showed her were really meant for Aeka. "I can agree to 
that. It will spare Tenchi the horror of having to look at Ryoko's ugly face." 
	
Eggy: Someone should send the author to Insults 101.

	Ryoko frowned. "You don't get it do you princess? Love is about the soul, 
not some body." 
	Aeka laughed. "There you are wrong Ryoko. True togetherness is destined by 
blood." 

LT: That's because Aeka has blue blood, right? They always say royalty has blue 
blood.
Tuba: Look, I have blue blood too! Right there on my wrist!
Bee: Um, Tuba, that's your vein. Blood is red.
Tuba: Not mine. Mine is blue. Aeka and I were destined to be together!

	Ryoko grinned wickedly. "But isn't your blood in me now?" 
	Aeka snorted. "It's still my body Ryoko. You have none of the refinements 
that go along with it, does she Tenchi? Tenchi?" 
	Both of them looked at the empty spot Tenchi had been in a moment before. 

Jay: Smart guy. Bolted right out of the fic.
Blue: Tenchi! Take me with you!

	Looking around they saw him outside with his gardening equipment. Ryoko 
immediately got up to follow him. "Tenchi, wait for me." 
	Noboyuki got up to. "Well I'm off to work. I'll be back late tonight 
around..." He leaned down to Sasami. "When is this over?" 
	Sasami giggled. "Midnight tonight." 
	Noboyuki smiled. "On second thought I think I'll stay in a motel tonight." 
He grabbed his briefcase and ran out the door. 

Jay: Tenchi must come from a long line of geniuses.
Blue: Noboyuki! Take me with you!
Bee: Not a good idea, Blue.

	Yosho followed. "I'll be in the shrine tonight." 
	Mihoshi, who wasn't quite as dumb as they thought, decided that it was 
time for her to report to headquarters and would be off the planet for the rest 
of the day. 
	
Eggy: Which promptly exploded the moment she arrived.
Bee: Oh, come on.
Lady Kaguya: Actually, knowing Mihoshi...

	Sasami was going to ask what Washu was doing today when the door to the 
lab slammed shut and locks clicked into place. 
	Ryo-oki looked up at Aeka. "Is it just me or is this place suddenly 
empty?" 
	Aeka nodded absently. "No kidding... did you just talk?" 
	
Tuba: No, you're schizophrenic.

	Ryo-oki nodded and inside her head Aeka heard, "Yup." 
	
Eggy: And Dialogue 101. 

	Aeka sighed and put her face into her hands. "Could this possibly get any 
worse?" 	

Bee: That's just what I was thinking.

	"According to my calculations, yes." Washu's voice rang in her mind. 
	
Everyone: God, no!

	Aeka sighed and laid her head on the table. Sasami patted her head and 
smiled. 
	Ryoko sighed and absently twirled Aeka's tiara on the end of her finger. 
For the last hour she had tried to help Tenchi out, but it had been so boring 
and Aeka's body wasn't used to hard work. Plus, despite her expectations, Tenchi 
wasn't treating her any different than usual. 
	
LT: Looks have nothing to do with it, I keep telling you!

	After a while Tenchi decided to take a break. He looked over at Ryoko. "So 
why did you wish for this?" 
	
Lady Kaguya: Yeah, she could have wished for, you know, a new car, or her own 
planet, or even Tenchi...

	Ryoko looked up at him and smirked. "Can't you guess Tenchi?" 

Jay: Apparently not. He wouldn't have asked.
Bee: Is it just me or did every character's IQ drop about 200 points for this 
fic?
Lady Kaguya: Except Mihoshi. Maybe she got the surplus IQ points.
Eggy: She's still in the negative numbers, though.

	He shook his head and Ryoko looked down sadly. "It's the same reason I do 
everything else. I wanted it because of you Tenchi." 
	Tenchi looked at her shocked. "But what did I do?" 
	
Bee: My words exactly.
Lady Kaguya: Hey, it's your party.

	Ryoko smiled and reached out a hand to rub his cheek. "You didn't do 
anything Tenchi. You are just so sweet and I love you so much. I wanted to know 
why you don't love me. I started wondering if what Aeka said about blood being 
the basis for Juraian relationships was true. And I thought... that you might 
not be as afraid of me." 
	Tenchi sighed and looked at her hand. "Ryoko, I haven't been afraid of you 
for a long time. And as far as the blood thing goes, people on Earth don't marry 
close family." 
	
Lady Kaguya: Except in West Virginia.

	Ryoko sniffled slightly and looked up at him. "Then why Tenchi? Why don't 
you love me like I love you? Whenever I try anything you either get a nosebleed 
or tell me to go away." 

Jay: Not that the nosebleed's a BAD sign...

	Tenchi frowned. "Now you're not being fair Ryoko. Did you ever think that 
you're not the only one who doesn't like this?" 
	Ryoko turned away. "I don't care if it's fair or not. I know Aeka says she 
loves you, but she just wants you to replace Yosho." 
	
Bee: Hey, that's not fair to say about Aeka!

	"Ryoko, I know that. I wasn't talking about Aeka!" Tenchi yelled. 
	She looked back at him. "Then who were you talking about Tenchi? Washu, 
Mihoshi, Sasami, who?" 

Tuba: The readers.

	Tenchi looked at her, staring straight into her eyes. They were Aeka's 
eyes, but he could see Ryoko behind them. It was now or never. "Me Ryoko, I was 
talking about me." 

Lady Kaguya: Cooommmmaaaaasssss.......ccccccooooooommmmmaaaaasssss......

	Ryoko stared at him for a minute confused. 

Bee: I've never seen a minute confused.
Blue: I've never seen an elephant fly.

	"What do you mean?" 
	"You think I like having to push you away from me? To never spend enough 
time with you so I can get over that nosebleed." He said.
	"Then why do you do it?" Ryoko asked. "I thought that maybe if I was like 
Aeka, without all my powers, you might just love me." Tears fell down her 
cheeks. 

Eggy: (as tears) Look out below!

	Tenchi found himself thinking of how different Ryoko and Aeka were, even 
when they cried. Hesitantly Tenchi reached out and put a hand on her shoulder. 
"Ryoko please don't cry." 	
	Ryoko took a deep breath and pushed her cheek into his hand. "Then just 
tell me why."
 	"Because I don't want anybody to get hurt. If I say that I love you, you'd 
just tease her about it. And even if you didn't she'd still be mad and would 
probably kill us. Then there's what you would do again. You'd probably get 
excited and do something I'm not ready for. So no matter how much it hurt, I 
couldn't tell you." Tenchi closed his eyes, trying to get control again. 	

Tuba: Get control of what, I wonder?
Bee: Not a lemon, Tuba. Down boy.

	Ryoko watched him quietly for a minute, and then turned to look out at the 
field. "So why tell me now? Because I look like Aeka or what?" 
	Tenchi shook his head. "Because I want you to know so you don't do 
something like this again. 

Jay: That way the author won't feel as though he has to write something so 
incredibly dumb.

	I care too much about you and the others. The fights and things have to 
stop Ryoko." 

Eggy: Things? What things?
Jay: The human sacrifices.
Tuba: The black orgies.
Bee: Boy bands.

	She reached out and touched his hand. "Then just say it Tenchi." 
	
Jay: (as Tenchi) Ryoko, I am your father.

	Tenchi smiled and looked up at her. "If I do, will you promise to wait at 
least until tomorrow to tell the others? I don't think Aeka should know until 
she doesn't have your powers anymore." 
	Ryoko grinned and hugged him. "It's a deal Tenchi." She glanced down at 
her wrist. "I don't want any more broken bones in Aeka's body anyway." 
	Tenchi put his arm around her and hugged her tight. "I love you Ryoko." 
	She smiled. "I love you too Tenchi, but will you feel the same if I get 
stuck like this?" 
	Tenchi smiled. "Like you said Ryoko, it's not the body it's the soul." 
	
LT: Like I've been saying this WHOLE TIME.

	Ryoko laughed. "Alright then, let's give Aeka a little something." She 
leaned in and kissed him. After a minute he kissed her back. "That should hold 
me until I get my body back." 	

Tuba: I wish it wouldn't.
Blue: Then maybe this fic would get exciting.
Bee: Uh...

	"I hope so... I love Aeka and all, but that was like kissing a sister." 
Tenchi grinned. 

Tuba: He likes kissing sisters, then.
Lady Kaguya: Maybe he's from West Virginia after all.

	Ryoko mock-pouted. "Well now who's not being fair? Besides, how many 
sisters have you kissed?" 

Blue: Depends whether or not you count those nuns who came to visit the shrine 
last winter...

	She laughed and put her arm around him. 
	They were suddenly interrupted by Aeka's scream echoing across the valley. 
	
	Aeka sighed as she sat on the couch. 

Eggy: I thought she screamed. 

	All day she had been breaking things and blowing stuff up. Even though 
Washu insisted that she was only at 0.01 percent of Ryoko's strength. She 
couldn't even use the gems. Doing the chores had been a disaster. She didn't 
know which was worse, the torn apart laundry or the ripped off washer lid. 

Blue: What colorful adjectives: torn apart, ripped off.
Eggy: Sign the author up for Syntax 101, too.

	Sasami had finally decided that Aeka should just try to relax. "Well it's 
time for my soap operas anyway." She reached out and absently grabbed the remote 
control 

Bee: That's quite a feat. Not being there yet grabbing the remote.

	and pushed the on button. The television came on all right, but her finger 
stuck through the remote where the button used to be. "How does Ryoko do this?" 
She yelled. 

Blue: Very carefully, apparently.

	It must take Ryoko incredible control not to break everything in sight. 
Despite herself 

Lady Kaguya: Or, if you would prefer to use proper English, you might say "In 
spite of herself"...

	Aeka felt a slight respect for Ryoko, if only for a minute. 
	Then she remembered that Ryoko was with Tenchi right now in her body. Aeka 
gritted her teeth and closed her eyes. Suppose what Ryoko said earlier was 
right? Aeka had always thought that blood was all that mattered to bring people 
together. But since coming to earth she had gotten to think there might be a 
flaw in there somewhere. 

Lady Kaguya: I found the flaw. It's a run-on sentence.
Bee: Not necessarily.
Lady Kaguya. Darn. Now I have to start over!

	She had said as much to Tenchi that time they had been caught out in the 
rain. And on this planet close blood seemed to be a turn off. 

Lady Kaguya: Except in Wes...
Everyone Else: We know already!
Lady Kaguya: Then why does the author keep putting this blood-turn-off thing in?

	"So why don't you just let Ryoko have him?" Ryo-oki asked, hopping into 
her lap. 
	Aeka frowned. "Because I love him and I won't let her take him away from 
me. Besides, what do you know you little fuzz ball?" 
	Ryo-oki yawned and stretched out on her lap. "Who me? Oh nothing, I just 
spent the last two millennia linked to Ryoko's mind." She opened one eye and 
looked up at Aeka. "And right now I also know what you think and you do not love 
Tenchi as anything more than a brother." 

Lady Kaguya: I figured it out. Juraian colonists were sent to settle Earth and 
they landed in West Virginia.
Bee: Which explains why West Virginians have purple hair, right?
Lady Kaguya: Precisely... hold on... you're just mocking me, aren't you?

	Aeka stood up, dropping the cabbit onto the floor. "Shut up you little 
creep. You don't know what you are talking about. Besides, blood is all that 
matters." 
	Ryo-oki meowed, then giggled in Aeka's mind. "You don't believe that any 
more. You aren't even sure if you ever did. And you know Tenchi doesn't feel 
that way."

Blue: Hey, Ryo-oki, in case you didn't know, Aeka's been having a rough day, and 
she could probably destroy you in a nanosecond, so I wouldn't get on her bad 
side. Just a suggestion.
 
	Aeka screamed. "Just shut up and get out of my head!" She turned to walk 
away and found herself floating in air, unable to go anywhere. 
	Sasami peeked into the room. "Aeka, what's wrong?" 

LT: (as Aeka) Help, I've fallen and I can't get down!

	Aeka frowned, trying to steady herself. "I'm fine Sasami, it's just that 
Ryo-oki was a lot cuter before I could hear her talk." 
	Sasami nodded. "Yeah, she's a lot like Ryoko really. But I still think 
she's cute." Ryo-oki turned into her child form and ran over to Sasami. With one 
last laugh in Ryoko's mind they disappeared into the kitchen. 
	"Rotten little rat..." Aeka mumbled, still spinning in the air. 
	"Well, my daughters do have attitudes, but they aren't that bad." Washu's 
voice rang in her head. 

Jay: God, this would get on my nerves so much.
Bee: This IS getting on my nerves.

	Aeka sighed. "Not you too. Don't I get one minute's peace?" 

Eggy: Can't any of us?

	Washu laughed. "O.K., I'll make you a deal. I'll leave you alone and cut 
off the link if you'll... 

Bee: Wash the car!
Lady Kaguya: Pass the Twizzlers!
Blue: I don't want to know!
Jay: Kill the author!
Eggy: Kill Mihoshi!
Tuba: Satisfy me!
(Everyone looks at Tuba and facefaults)

	call me mom!" 

Everyone: Ohhhh.....

	Aeka let out a squeal of outrage. "I most certainly will not. I have 
parents, thank you." 
	
Jay: I didn't realize you could squeal with outrage.

	"In that case you're out of luck. So what's got your panties in a twist 
now?" Washu asked. 	

Tuba: You do, Washu!

	Aeka sighed. "Well aside from breaking everything, being stuck in the air, 
and having an annoying little creature say that Tenchi and I weren't meant for 
each other, nothing." 
	"Ryo-oki said what? Why that little traitor. She swore not to say anything 
until tomorrow." Washu griped. 
	Aeka stopped spinning. "What? What are you talking about Miss Washu?" 
	Washu stuttered. "Um... well... I must be going." 
	
Blue: Me too. Thanks for the pizza, Bee. See ya later...
Bee: Not so fast. If we must endure this, so must you.

	Aeka's mind was quiet. Aeka clenched her fist and dropped onto the floor. 
"No... No they're just trying to trick me. I'll go ask Tenchi right now." 
	Picking herself up off the ground Aeka ran out the door and towards the 
carrot field. She didn't even notice the tree she literally ran through, sending 
splinters in every direction. But as she got closer she began to slow down. 
Maybe she was acting rashly. Aeka decided just to watch. See what was what and 
then figure out what to do. After all, there was no chance she would ever lose 
Tenchi to Ryoko, no matter what body she was in. Then again Aeka always said it 
was her royal blood that attracted Tenchi and not her soul. Was she supporting 
Ryoko's stupid argument? No... but if she didn't then right now Tenchi belonged 
with Ryoko... even for one day. It was no wonder why Ryoko had made her wish. If 
she had even suspected that Aeka was right then Ryoko must have felt like this 
all the time. 

Jay: You know what? I didn't understand any of that.
Eggy: Heh, I didn't even read it.

	Aeka worked her way through the bushes, still thinking. If she was right 
then Tenchi belonged to Ryoko right now. If Ryoko was right and it was the soul 
that mattered, then Aeka still had a fifty-fifty chance. And if both of them 
were right then Ryoko currently had it all. 
	
Eggy: Where's the math in that?
Lady Kaguya: Hold on... r equals the square root of the quantity x minus h 
squared plus...

	The only thing missing would be if Tenchi loved Aeka's soul. Aeka had 
spent so much time emphasizing blood and training, she had barely let Tenchi see 
that. Meanwhile Ryoko, despite her crude behavior and fights with Aeka, had 
always shown the real her. The only time Aeka did that was when she fought with 
Ryoko. 
	Suddenly she stopped in her tracks. There was Ryoko, lounging around in 
her body, just twirling Aeka's crown. Aeka grinned to herself. Ryoko was just 
being her lazy self. There was nothing at all for her to get worried about. Aeka 
had known she was just being silly. 

Blue: Aw, silly Aeka!

	Then Tenchi stopped working and sat down next to Ryoko. "So why did you 
wish for this?" 
	Aeka thought about it while Ryoko talked. Why had she wished to be Ryoko, 
even for a day? 

Jay: So someone could write a fic about it! DUH!

	Aeka looked down at her body, running a hand over her waist. Ryoko did 
look a bit prettier than Aeka in some ways. But even if he were attracted to 
that he wouldn't pick Ryoko. Mihoshi had a bigger chest than the rest of them 
put together. 

Tuba: I love you, Mihoshi!
Eggy: ...grumble grumble....
Jay: But I thought you and AEKA were destined for each other.

	In fact the blond police officer fit the Earth's idea of beauty almost 
perfectly. 

Eggy: I would beg to differ.

	Her attention was taken back to the conversation in front of her. Tenchi 
had just said that people on Earth don't marry close family. 

Lady Kaguya: Unless they're from...
Everyone Else: We KNOW!!!

	Ryoko then asked why he couldn't love her. Despite herself Aeka wanted to 
know the same thing. She listened as Tenchi talked. He asked Ryoko not to cry, 
and then said she wasn't being fair. 
	"I don't care if it's fair or not. I know Aeka says she loves you, but she 
just wants you as a replacement for Yosho." 
	"Ryoko, I know that. I wasn't talking about Aeka!" He yelled. 
	Aeka and Ryoko both stared at him. "Then who were you talking about 
Tenchi? Washu, Mihoshi, Sasami, who?" 
	"Me Ryoko, I was talking about me." He said. Aeka stood there in shock as 
Tenchi continued. "You think I like pushing you away from me? To never spend 
enough time with you to get over that nosebleed?" 

Blue: Whoa. Deja vu.

	He told Ryoko how he was afraid of what Aeka and she would do, how he 
didn't want to hurt anyone. He told Ryoko that he was telling her this now to 
stop the fighting so that this wouldn't happen again. She was too stunned to 
even comprehend the whole thing. Pieces of the conversation drifted through her 
brain. 
	Will you say it? If I do can we wait until Aeka doesn't have your powers 
anymore? I love you Ryoko. 
	I love you too Tenchi, but will you fee the same if I get stuck like this? 

Tuba: (as Tenchi) No, my *ahem* services will cost you more...	
Bee: Oh no.

	It's like you said, it's the soul not the body." 
	
Lady Kaguya: And so there's only one quotation mark?  

	It all swirled around in her head. Then Ryoko said something about giving 
Aeka something and kissed him, kissed Tenchi!

Blue: Omigosh! (Covers Bee's eyes)

	"That should hold me until I get my body back." Ryoko said when they broke 
apart. 
	"I hope so... I love Aeka and all, but that was like kissing a sister." 
Tenchi said. 
	That more than anything else was what caused her to snap. How could he 
love Ryoko and still love Aeka? It didn't make any sense. 

Jay: Neither does much of the dialogue, but hey, nothing's perfect.

	And she couldn't think nor do anything about it. Deep in her throat the 
scream started, 

Blue: She'll lose her voice unless she screams from her diaphram.
Tuba: So there's...
Blue: That's not what I meant! Ugh!

	then before she knew it, she heard it echoing back to her ears from the 
mountains. 
	
Bee: That have already been destroyed twice.

	Sasami sighed as Ryo-oki lay in her lap. "Tsunami, are you sure this was 
the right thing to do? I mean this is going to hurt all three of them a lot." 

Jay: Not to mention the people who read this.

	Tsunami's voice filled her head. "You agreed to it Sasami. The pain that 
they were causing each other and everyone else was worse. This will be over by 
tomorrow."

Eggy: God, no! Couldn't it be over NOW?
 
	Suddenly from off in the distance they hear Aeka scream. Sasami sighed and 
pet Ryo-oki. "I just wish there were another way." 

Everyone: We do, too.

	Tenchi and Ryoko knelt over Aeka. After her scream she had simply toppled 
over. Tenchi ran his fingers over her head. "Do you think she hit her head? I 
mean I know it wouldn't normally hurt you, but Washu took away a lot of your 
power." 
	Ryoko bit her lip. "Oh I hope she's alright." She gently patted Aeka's 
cheek. "Come on Aeka, be alright. I know that body you're in is tougher than 
that. Just wake up and I swear I'll never fight with you again." 

Jay: Actually, I'm thinking a good old-fashioned fight would liven this up a 
bit. Where's Goku and the rest of them?
Bee: You can't introduce characters into someone else's fic either.
Jay:...grumble, grumble...

	Finally Aeka let out a tiny sob. Tenchi and Ryoko looked at her anxiously. 
"Are you going to be O.K. Aeka?" Tenchi asked. 

Bee: Of course not! She just found out that you love Ryoko!

	Aeka frowned through her tears. "Of course not! How could you pick her 
over me and then still say you love me?" 
	Ryoko smirked. "She's fine." 
	"Ryoko, could you please show some kindness here? Besides you just 
promised not to fight with her any more." Tenchi said. 

Lady Kaguya: That wasn't fighting. All she said was two words!

	Ryoko smiled. "You heard that huh? Well alright... but if she starts the 
fight all bets are off." 

Tuba: I didn't notice there was gambling in this fic.
Eggy: I think the author meant all DEALS were off.

	Tenchi looked back down at Aeka. "I'm sorry you found out that way Aeka. I 
wanted to wait until..." 
	"Until I couldn't snap both of you in pieces like sticks?" She asked. 

Everyone: Pretty much, yeah.

	"Maybe I should just kill myself now. 

Lady Kaguya: You know, I was thinking the same thing.
Blue: Me too.
Jay: Same here.
Bee: Oh, come on. It's not that bad.

	Then either Ryoko will be stuck in my body, or she'll be dead... no. I 
won't do that. That would be too nice." She turned away from them. 
	"Aeka, please... I never wanted to hurt you or anyone else. I just had to 
do what was right." Tenchi said.
	Aeka looked up at him. "But you said you loved me too." 

Lady Kaguya: We heard you the FIRST time. Gawd, this author has a thing for 
repetition.
Eggy: He's not nearly as bad as the Redundant Killer Deadly Repetitive Rodent 
Squirrel of Death.

	"I do, but it's like the way you love Sasami or your parents." Tenchi 
said. 

Tuba: But we all know that Juraians are incestuous!
Blue: Shut up, Tuba. (whacks him over the head with pewter dragon statue)
Tuba: Pretty birdies...

	"Come on princess, you can't take it that badly." Ryoko said. Aeka looked 
up at them, and then smiled pleasantly. 

Bee: Uh-oh. I don't take kindly to pleasant smiles.

	Tenchi smiled back. "See, I knew you would see this reasonably." 

Lady Kaguya: I wouldn't, if I was Aeka.

	Aeka nodded and grinned. "Very reasonably. Now you have ten seconds to run 
before I kill you." 

Blue: Better start running. 

	Tenchi laughed nervously. Then Ryoko said, "Tenchi, I don't think she is 
joking." She pointed to Aeka's hands, which were digging into the ground. 

Jay: RUN.

	Aeka's smile spread out. "Seven seconds..." 

LT: I'd get going if I were you.

	Tenchi looked at her, "Miss Aeka please..." 

Blue: Come on! (starts running away)
Bee: Get back here! The fic's not over yet!

	"Five seconds..." She said. 

Tuba: How much is five?
Lady Kaguya: Hey, Blue, I think you whacked him too hard with that statue.
Blue: No, I didn't, he's always been this stupid.

	Ryoko and Tenchi looked at here, then at each other, then at Aeka again. 
The ground under Aeka's began to crack, "Three seconds..." 
	Tenchi and Ryoko jumped up and began running through the woods. From 
behind them they heard Aeka jump up and star after them. 

Lady Kaguya: Hoshi ka?
Bee: I'm sure the  author meant "start."
Blue: That's not what he wrote.

	"Time's up lord Tenchi." She said cheerily as se ripped a tree out of the 
ground and hefted it like a club. 

Lady Kaguya: Welcome to Typo City, home to thousands and thousands of careless 
typists who don't know what spell check or grammar check is.
Blue: Enroll this Overstreet guy in Typing 101, too.

	They ran faster as the tree crashed into the ground behind them. "Miss 
Aeka, please calm down and think about this for a minute!" Tenchi pleaded. 

Jay: Yes. Please.
Tuba: Are you kidding? Have you ever watched Ryoko's chest when she runs?
Jay: Oh...you're right....
Tuba: Bouncy....
Lady Kaguya: Knock it off, you hentai! (smacks both of them over the head with 
Cutie Moon Rod)(Moon Rod begins playing kawaii music)
LT: Where'd you get that?
Lady Kaguya: I love this thing.

	Aeka let out a loud cackle. "Oh I'm perfectly calm! Just hold still a 
second and everything will be just fine." 

Blue: That would mean...the end of the fic! Wait a sec, Tenchi, Ryoko!

	The tree swung just over their heads. 

Blue: Dangit.

	Ryoko ducked and yelled back. "Come on Aeka, I could understand you being 
a little upset, but..." 
	"Oh you understand do you? Well let me tell you a secret Ryoko..." She 
lifted the tree up. "I don't care!" 

Eggy: I wish Mihoshi was here.

	The tree came crashing down right where they had been standing. Tenchi and 
Ryoko had barely dodged in time. The top of the tree splintered and cracked as 
it hit the ground. 

LT: I kinda thought it would've cracked before it splintered.

	Tenchi and Ryoko were up and running again, with Aeka cackling at their 
heels. 

Blue: (as Aeka) I'll get you, my pretty, and your little cabbit too!

	Ryoko turned to him, "Tenchi, if we die, remember that I love you." 

Jay: How could he forget? She's only made it completely obvious.

	Tenchi gasped out. "I... love you... too Ryoko." 

Tuba: And so do I.

	They burst out of the bushes near the shrine office. Tenchi and Ryoko ran 
past Yosho, followed closely by Aeka. 
	Yosho stood up and yelled sternly, "Princess Aeka control your self! This 
is no way to behave!" 

Blue: You can bet it's no way to behave.
Bee: And it's not the way Aeka WOULD behave.
Lady Kaguya: The author must've been high on something when he wrote this.
Tuba: Whatever it was he was smoking, I want some.

	Aeka stopped then so did Tenchi and Ryoko. She looked at Yosho and nodded, 
lowering what was left of the tree. "You are right Yosho. I have been acting in 
a manner unbecoming a princess." 

Everyone: YUP.

	Then her smile returned. "But like I told Ryoko, I don't care!" 

Eggy: I wish this fic would just END already!

	She lifted the tree again and took a swing at Yosho, who quickly dived, to 
the side and joined Tenchi and Ryoko in running away.

LT: How noble of him.
Jay: Why doesn't he fight back? He's defeated Ryoko before, and Aeka only has 
0.01% of her power.
Blue: I'll tell you why - this author's really stretching the facts and isn't 
very good at it.
 
	"Tenchi, what did you do?" Yosho yelled. 
	Tenchi looked at him. "I told Ryoko I love her and Aeka heard." 

Eggy: (as Yosho) What the HELL did you do that for!?!

	"In that case we are dead! If we live through this you're doing extra 
chores for a year." Yosho yelled, ducking under Aeka's swing. 

Jay: For telling the truth? That's harsh.
Lady Kaguya: This is definitely NOT one of Tsunami's better ideas.

	Ryoko growled. "Don't blame him Yosho. If you'd just married her when she 
showed up we wouldn't be in this mess! But no, you had to push her off on 
Tenchi." She dropped and rolled to the side, almost being smashed by Aeka's 
tree. 
	"Will you please just hold still?" Aeka yelled. "It's hard to hit you if 
you keep dodging like that!" 

LT: I think that's the point, Aeka.

	She swung the tree, pulverizing a log that Tenchi jumped over. 

Blue: Before or after the log was pulverized?
Eggy: So, when does that syntax class start?

	At about 10:00 Aeka finally cornered them. She had been trying for twelve 
hours to smash the three of them into dust. Now they were trapped against a 
cliff. "Any last words?" She asked. 

Everyone : (as Tenchi, Ryoko, and Yosho) I DON'T WANNA DIE!

	Yosho nodded. "Yes, I have something to say. Aeka as the crown prince of 
Jurai, the man who saved Jurai, and master of the Masaki shrine I just want to 
say..." He dropped to his knees in front of her and sobbed. "Please don't kill 
me!" 

Everyone MSTing facefaults.

	Ryoko kicked him in the back. "Pull yourself together Yosho. This is no 
way for someone who beat me in battle to act." 
	Tenchi looked up at Aeka. "Are you absolutely sure you want to do this?" 
	Aeka smiled and nodded. "I'm positive." 
	The three of them closed their eyes. Ryoko said, "I don't suppose it would 
help if I said that I'm sorry?" 

Jay: For what?

	They stayed there with their eyes closed for a minute, waiting to die. 
When the deathblow didn't come they peeked and saw Aeka standing there 
thoughtfully. "Do you mean that?" 
	Ryoko looked straight at her and nodded. "Yes, I do Aeka." 
	Aeka looked at Tenchi and Yosho. "Do you?" 
	They nodded quickly. "Aeka I am sorry," Tenchi said. 

Jay: What the hell are they sorry for?
Lady Kaguya: I guess for hurting Aeka's feelings.
Jay: Well the author could be a BIT more specific!

	Aeka sighed. "Oh that's just great. Here I am trying to kill you and you 
apologize." She tossed the tree aside. "Oh well, I'd have hated smashing in my 
beautiful face anyway." 

LT: And so, she gives up after attempting to kill them for the last 12 hours.
Blue: Quitter!

	Tenchi bit his lip. "So you aren't mad any more?" 
	Aeka shook her head. "No Tenchi, I guess I'm not. But I really wish..." 
	Tenchi looked at her. "You wish what Aeka?" 

Eggy: Why do people always interrupt at times like this?

	Aeka sighed again. "I wish I had smashed you all when I was still mad." 

Blue: I wish you had, too.
Eggy: And I wish that Mihoshi had been with them.

	Tenchi grinned. "Can we go home now? My legs are killing me." 

Bee: Are they really? I can't imagine.

	Aeka nodded and said, "Yeah, let's head back. I'm starving and I want my 
body back."

LT: We KNOW you want your body back. But YOU know that you won't GET it back 
until midnight!

	Ryoko smiled and stepped up, putting her arm around Aeka's neck. "Then 
let's get going." She grabbed Tenchi and pulled him along too as they began 
walking back, leaving Yosho still kneeling on the ground. 

Jay: Pathetic old man.

	Ryoko turned to Aeka. "Kind of fun being me isn't it?" 

Lady Kaguya: That WOULD be fun...

	Aeka grinned in her best Ryoko imitation, which was pretty darn good at 
the moment. 

Blue: Maybe 'cuz she's in Ryoko's body.

	"It had its perks. But I want to be me again. How do you keep so much 
control over yourself? I've been breaking things all day." 
	Ryoko laughed. "Well I haven't been able to do hardly anything. First 
thing tomorrow I am going flying." 

Jay: What? That had nothing to do with Aeka's question.
LT: Stunning dialougue. Really...

	Tenchi looked between them, shaking his head in amazement. "Wow, who would 
have thought you two would get along?" 

Tuba: (as Tenchi) Especially since one of you has been trying to kill us for the 
last twelve hours?

	Ryoko laughed and squeezed him slightly. "Aw come on Tenchi. This is what 
you said you wanted." 
	The next day Ryoko was flying over the house with Tenchi holding onto her 
tight. 

Tuba: I would too, if I were Tenchi!
Lady Kaguya: Hentai.

	At midnight she and Aeka had hugged one time, then when they parted they 
had been themselves again.

Everyone: Awww....how corny!

	Washu had returned her powers and Tenchi had even given her gems back. Now 
she was enjoying herself with the man she loved. Aeka had been perfectly fine 
with it. She seemed to actually see Tenchi as a brother now. 

LT: Or maybe as a nephew.

	Their brief experience in each other's bodies had done both of them some 
good. 

Eggy: And some bad, too. They probably screwed up the ecosystem, tearing around 
in the woods like that.

	But they were glad to be themselves again. 
	Tenchi looked into her eyes and smiled, "Are you happy now Ryoko? No more 
regrets?" 

Lady Kaguya: (as Ryoko) I regret all the things I've stolen, all the lives I've 
taken, all the evil I've done in this universe...plus the ecosystem we screwed 
up yesterday....

	Ryoko smiled at him. "No regrets. I've got everything now Tenchi." 

Lady Kaguya: Or nothing. She could not regret anything.

	Tenchi smiled and kissed her cheek. "Me too Ryoko, me too." 
	From below Sasami watched the two of them. "You were right Tsunami. Things 
have gotten a lot better." 

Eggy: Except that ecosystem we were talking about.

	"Thank you Sasami, but I couldn't have done it without you. I chose well 
when I joined with you." Tsunami replied. 

Jay: What did Sasami do? Like, nothing?
Tuba: She did make breakfast...

	As Tenchi and Ryoko disappeared into the distance on their picnic, Aeka 
sighed. She still envied Ryoko, but wasn't mad at her any more. Things were 
good, she had her family, and she had her body back. Smiling she turned and 
picked up the laundry basket. Today was a good day. 

	The end 

Everyone: YAAAY! It's finally OVER!

Author's note Well, it wasn't my best story, but some people wanted me to do an 
Aeka story. Since I won't do that I decided on a compromise. 

LT: Some compromise.

Hope you enjoyed it 

Blue: Yeah, right.

and I'd like your feed back at clayton_n@hotmail.com 

Eggy: So we're done now?
Bee: Um, no.
Blue: WHAT!?!
Bee: It's a double feature!
Everyone: NOOOOO!!!!!!!

	I don't own these characters or profit from them. 

	Kiyone gets sick 

Jay: Um, catchy title...

	By, Clayton Overstreet 

	"Mihoshi I can not believe you!" Kiyone yelled. 

Lady Kaguya: You know, "cannot" is one word.

	"How could you get us fired from three different jobs in a week?" 

Eggy: Why even ask? Mihoshi is stupid.

	Mihoshi bit her lip. "Well you kept yelling at me and I got distracted." 

LT: Like blaming Kiyone will make her calm down.

	Kiyone shook her head. "I was yelling because you kept trying to tell me 
how to do my job instead of doing your own." 

Eggy: (as Mihoshi) But I don't know how to do my own job, Kiyone. I can barely 
spell.

	Mihoshi shook her head, "I just thought you should put on a rain coat so 
you didn't get sick." 
	Kiyone yelled. "And what makes you think I'll get..." Suddenly her eyes 
rolled up into her head and she fell forward. 

Blue: What timing!

	Mihoshi ran to her and shook her shoulder. "Kiyone... Kiyone wake up." 
Kiyone let out a moan. 

Bee (as Mihoshi): Oh no! What's the number for 911?

	Mihoshi put her arm under her partner and picked her up. "I have to get 
you to Washu right now." 

Eggy: Like Kiyone is paying any attention.

	Carrying Kiyone on her back she hailed a cab and gave him the last of 
their money to get them to Tenchi's house. 
	Mihoshi came running into the lab, "Washu?" 
	
Jay: (as Mihoshi) Quick, Washu, I broke the cabbit door again when I went 
through!

	Washu turned around and started to yell, "How did you get in... what's 
wrong with her?" 	
	Mihoshi shook her head. "I don't know. She was working in the rain all day 
and I told her to put on a coat. She was yelling at me and then she fell over." 
Washu got up and helped Mihoshi carry Kiyone to one of her tables. "Will she be 
alright Washu? I don't know what I'd do if anything happened to her." 
	
Eggy: She'd move in with Tenchi, maybe. Like everyone else.

	Washu nodded, "I know Mihoshi." 
	Washu's machines worked their way over Kiyone's body, trying to isolate 
what the problem was. Washu told Mihoshi to wait out in the living room. 

Blue: (as Washu) It will be about two hours.

	Two hours later Washu came back. 

Blue: Who called it?

	The others were all there with Mihoshi who was crying. 
	She looked up as Washu came out. "What's wrong Washu? Is she going to be 
alright?" 	
	Washu nodded. "You got her here just in time. She had a disease called 
pneumonia. 

Bee: Hold on... aren't diseases caused by foreign invaders in the body, like 
viruses and bacteria?
Lady Kaguya: Uh, yeah....I think so...
Bee: But isn't pneumonia a condition caused by...
Jay: Please just shut up and enjoy the fic.
Bee: But I can't. I don't know anyone who can.
Jay: Good point.

	It's hitting her hard because she's not from this planet. I suggest you 
keep her someplace warm and dry 

Eggy: (as Washu) Such as the pantry, or a sunlit windowsill...

	until she wakes up and them 

LT: Instead of us.

	make sure she eats plenty of soup." 
	Mihoshi shook her head, "But they said they were going to kick us out of 
our apartment this week if we couldn't pay and I spent all of our money getting 
us here."

Jay: Let's see... Kiyone's health, or the apartment. The eternal question.
 
	Tenchi put his hand on Mihoshi's shoulder. "It's alright Mihoshi. You can 
live here with us. There's a room up in the attic that's very warm."

Lady Kaguya: And dry too, I bet.
 
	Mihoshi smiled and hugged him. "Oh thank you Tenchi! You have no idea what 
this means to me." 

Eggy: (as Mihoshi) It means you love me eternally!

	Ryoko growled. "Hey watch that. He's mine." 
	Tenchi smiled and took Ryoko's hand. They had been officially engaged 
since she and the others had come back. Aeka had accepted it 

Jay: After several unsuccessful attempts at destroying them.

	as had the others. 
	Sasami looked at Washu, "How long will it be before Kiyone wakes up?" 
	Washu checked her computer." About three days with that bump on her head. 
Mihoshi if you don't mind I'll teleport your belongings into the attic while you 
take Kiyone to bed alright? I've already vaccinated you from the disease and I 
have to do the others now alright?" 

Eggy: Wait a sec, when did the vaccination occur?
Blue: You must've blinked.
Eggy. Oh.
Lady Kaguya: Is there even a vaccination against pneumonia?
LT: It would've taken Washu maybe thirty seconds to invent one.
Tuba: Did she get a lollipop?

	Mihoshi nodded and followed Washu into her lab. Once there she saw Kiyone 
laying on the table where Mihoshi had left her. Mihoshi looked at her and ran a 
hand down her cheek. "I wish you had just listened to me Kiyone..." Gently she 
reached under and picked the green haired officer up. 
	Washu watched this all with interest. So, she thought to herself, 
Mihoshi's feelings for Kiyone are that strong. I wonder how Kiyone really feels. 
	Mihoshi carried Kiyone up the stairs making sure to keep her partner's 
head up. Azaka and Kamidaki offered to help but she waved the guardians off. 

Jay: Carrying her partner up the stairs, holding her head up, and waving 
simultaneously?
Blue: How unlike Mihoshi.
Eggy: I'm waiting for her to fall down the stairs.

	Once they were in the room she set Kiyone gently onto her bed and sat down 
next to her. "Please get well Kiyone." She put a hand on Kiyone's forehead. "Oh 
you are warm." 

Bee: (as Mihoshi) Oh, good. That means she's still alive, I think.

	She went downstairs and got a bowl of cold water and a washcloth. When she 
got back she dunked the cloth in the water and put it on Kiyone's head. 

Lady Kaguya: I hope she wrung it out first, otherwise Kiyone's very wet.
Eggy: She probably didn't.

	Kiyone let out a slight moan then settled down. 

Jay: I've noticed that most of Kiyone's lines are moans and groans.
Tuba: I believe we've clarified that this author writes 
some...lovely...dialogue.

	Later that night Sasami brought Mihoshi some food but she was so worried 
that she barely ate any of it. Her eyes never wavered from Kiyone's face. 
Eventually she fell asleep, but she kept waking up every few hours and changing 
her partners wet cloth. 

Lady Kaguya: Apostrophes. Must have apostrophes.
LT: You are really crazy, you know that?
Lady Kaguya: How can you write a fanfic if you don't know the proper way to 
write?

	Three days later Kiyone's eyes fluttered open. 

Jay: Just as Washu predicted!
Everyone: Ooooooo....

	Her throat was dry and her head was throbbing. 

LT: You think that's maybe 'cuz she's sick?

	She started to sit up but her stomach lurched and she had to lie back down 
before she threw up. 

Bee: Oooh! Flu-like symptoms! It may be more serious than we thought!
Eggy: If it's deadly, I hope Mihoshi catches it.

	She let out a small moan and suddenly Mihoshi was there. 

Blue: (as Mihoshi) Hi, Kiyone! I was orbiting Saturn and I heard your slight 
moan so I decided I'd better come as quick as I could and look, I'm suddenly 
here!
Eggy: I might have to smack you.
Lady Kaguya: Me, too! You know how I feel about run-on sentences!

	"Kiyone, please lay still. You've been very sick." 

Jay: You think?

	Kiyone weakly looked up at Mihoshi. She saw that her partner's eyes were 
bloodshot and had bags around them. 

Blue: Paper or plastic?

	She tried to say, "Don't tell me what to do." But all that came out was a 
ragged cough and some flem. 

Lady Kaguya: He spelled "phlegm" wrong.
Tuba: Why does it have to be such a confusing spelling?
Lady Kaguya:...I don't know...that's just the way it is!
	
	Mihoshi pushed her down. "Don't worry Kiyone. You've been out for three 
days. 

Eggy: And Mihoshi's brain has been out since...?

	Wait here and I'll get you some water." 

Jay: From the sound of things, there's not much else she CAN do.

	Kiyone shook her head. Three days? What about her work? She had to be 
fired from every job she had now. She tried to sit up again but didn't get very 
far before throwing up onto her blanket.

Blue: Good job, Kiyone. She told you not to move.
 
	Mihoshi came running back with a glass of water. "Here, drink this." 

Eggy: I wouldn't trust the blonde.

	Kiyone opened her dry lips and swallowed the water. It burned her throat. 

Eggy: I knew it! It wasn't water, it was cyanide.
Bee: (sniffing) That explains the odor of bitter almonds.

	She coughed again and lay down. Mihoshi sat there holding her hand. 
Finally Kiyone turned to her. "What about... what about our work?" 
	Mihoshi smiled and shook her head. "Washu already told the GP that you 
were sick, don't worry. And Tenchi's letting us stay here." 

Lady Kaguya: Nice guy that he is.
Blue: Does he ever ask his dad for permission to let everyone stay at his house?
Tuba: Knowing his dad, he certainly wouldn't mind so many beautiful women.... 
(starts to drool)
LT: And knowing you...(whacks him over the noggin with the Master Sword)
Bee: What's you do that for?
LT: Because I felt like it.
Bee: Ah...all right, carry on.

	Kiyone wanted to tell her that they shouldn't ask him that, but she felt 
dizzy and closed her eyes. "Don't try to talk Kiyone. Just sleep now." 

Jay: Thanks, I think I will.
Bee: Hey! She didn't mean YOU!

	Kiyone nodded slightly and passed out again.
 	Sometime later she woke up and found Mihoshi sitting next to her again 
with a bowl of soup and some more water. 

Eggy: (as Kiyone) What the hell are you doing here? Leave me alone!

	She helped Kiyone sit up slowly, but told her not to try to talk yet. 

Blue: Does pneumonia give you a sore throat?
Lady Kaguya: Not that I know of.
Bee: Maybe she has strep, too.
Eggy: Oh! I know THAT'S contagious! DIE, BLONDE! AHAHA!
Lady Kaguya: Flesh-eating disease would certainly make this interesting.

	Kiyone nodded and leaned against the wall. Mihoshi gave her a drink of 
water Kiyone tried to do it herself, but she could barely move her arms. 

Jay: This guy really loves to exaggerate.

	After that Mihoshi began slowly giving her sips of soup. Kiyone recognized 
it as the type Sasami made. 

Lady Kaguya: You mean miso. Pretty much everyone in Japan has miso soup for 
breakfast. It's like cereal in America.
Bee: Only more soupy.

	Once they were done Mihoshi insisted that Kiyone lay back down. Kiyone 
nodded and slid back into her covers giving Mihoshi a quick smile. She closed 
her eyes and drifted off to sleep again. 

Blue: I guess she has to sleep that coma off.

	Mihoshi smiled and sat back on her own bed to watch Kiyone, but after a 
while she too fell asleep. 

Jay: And so did the readers. Does this story have a point?

	The next day Kiyone woke up feeling a lot better. She flexed her arms and 
stretched a bit. Looking over at Mihoshi's bed she saw the blond asleep against 
the wall. 

Blue: Which was surprisingly comfortable.

	Was she with me the entire time? Kiyone asked herself. 

LT: She's obsessed.

	She didn't want to wake Mihoshi up. So instead she lay there thinking. 

Lady Kaguya: Those two sentences could've been meshed into a compound sentence.
Bee: Thank you, Miss Grammar.
Lady Kaguya: As annoying as I am to you guys, think of how much more irritating 
I would be to the author!
Eggy: He deserves it, too.

	Why does she care so much about me? All I ever do is yell at her. 
	
Tuba: Maybe Mihoshi's a masochist.
Bee: When did you wake up?
Tuba: A while ago.
Bee: So you're just getting up now?
Tuba: I had a great view up Kaguya's kimono.
Lady Kaguya: Ooooo, you hentai!! (pulls out her handy-dandy Japanese scroll) 
AKURYO TAISAN! (Tuba's hit in the face with the scroll and falls backwards. The 
scroll bursts into flame)
Blue: Harsh.
Lady Kaguya: If he'd been looking up your skirt, you'd have done the same.
Blue: I'm wearing pants.

	Oh I feel like shit. I really should be nicer to her. 

Eggy: No, you shouldn't.

	After another hour Mihoshi's eyes opened. "Oh Kiyone you're awake again. 
Are you hungry?" Kiyone nodded weakly, her throat still hurt too much to talk. 

LT: (as Mihoshi) Great! Sasami isn't home and that means I get to make 
something! Yippee!

	Mihoshi got up and ran downstairs. She came back a little later with more 
soup. Kiyone wrinkled her nose. 

Bee: (as Kiyone) I smell bitter almonds...

	Soup was alright, but she wanted something solid. 
	Mihoshi picked up on it immediately. "Sorry Kiyone but at least until your 
throat is better Washu says you have to have lots of soup and water. Nothing 
else." 

Blue: If Washu said to jump off a bridge, would Mihoshi do it?
Everyone Else: Probably.
Eggy: Well, she'd try, but she'd trip and fall in the attempt.
Jay. Ha ha. Not funny.

	Kiyone frowned and shook her head. Mihoshi grinned and held out the spoon. 
"Come on Kiyone. If you don't eat you might get sick again." 

Lady Kaguya: I think the only way she could possibly get sicker is if she died.

	Kiyone sighed, then flinched at the pain in her throat. Opening her mouth 
she took the spoon in it and sipped the soup. She looked up at Mihoshi who 
smiled back pleasantly. Clenching her teeth she managed to get out a single 
ragged word. "Why?" 

Jay: Why what?
Blue: (imitating Jay) Why where? Why who?
Lady Kaguya: (ditto) Why when? Why how?
Jay: Not funny.

	Mihoshi's smile softened and she reached out to Kiyone's cheek, rubbing it 
softly. Then with no warning she picked up the bowl and spoon and turned to 
leave the room. 

Bee: Wow, this is a real thriller.
LT: You picked it out.
Bee: Next time you guys have to come with me to pick them out.
Eggy: Well, knowing how long it takes you at the video place, Bee...
LT: (imitating Bee) Hmm, the Temple of Doom or the Last Crusade?

	Kiyone stared after her in shock. Mihoshi's actions were... they went 
beyond friendship. 

Tuba: This might get good after all...
Bee: But it was in the Regular section!

	She shook her head. No... no she was imagining things. Seeing things that 
weren't there. She was sick so of course she was hallucinating. 

Tuba: Dangit!
Bee: I told you so!
Tuba: We'll just wait and see...

	She felt weird... not dizzy this time. She took a deep breath and covered 
up again, laying down in her bed. She closed her eyes, but didn't fall asleep 
for a long time. 

	Washu had seen it all of course. 

Jay: Of course!
LT: She's wired the whole house with hidden cameras.
Blue: It's kinda like that book, 1984.

	She saw Mihoshi reach out and rub Kiyone's face. She had seen Kiyone's 
confused look. And her sensors had picked up the slightest change in both girls 
hormones. Not much... but it was definitely there. 

Tuba: Aha! See? See?
Bee: No! It cannot be true!

	Washu decided to watch and see how this played out. It was an interesting 
way to observe rare social interactions. Maybe she could find out how love 
really worked. After all if there was no possibility for breeding and two people 
felt attracted to each other then there must be more to it than that. But the 
big question was, did Kiyone feel the same way as Mihoshi? 
	
Eggy: Ugh, I think I'm gonna be sick.
Bee: Same here.
LT: Which way to the bathroom?
Jay: Lady Kaguya's in there already.

	Does she feel the same way? Mihoshi asked herself. Even if Kiyone didn't 
Mihoshi would stay by her side. But she couldn't figure out why she had done 
what she did. Why had she tried to show Kiyone how she felt so openly? 

Jay: When she could have simply said it?

	She stood up and picked up another bowl of soup. Either way she still had 
to make sure Kiyone got well. That was what mattered now. The rest could wait. 

Tuba: Oh darn.

	Walking up the stairs she passed Sasami and Ryo-oki. "How is she doing 
Mihoshi?"
	Mihoshi smiled at the little princess. "Oh you know Kiyone. Nothing keeps 
her down." 	

Eggy: She may have meant "Oh, you know Kiyone. She can keep nothing down."
Lady Kaguya: That makes more sense. Please pass the Fritos.
Bee: But I thought you just...?
Lady Kaguya: So what? Now I'm hungry again.
(Everyone facefaults)

	Sasami smiled and nodded. Ryo-oki rubbed against Mihoshi's leg. 

Bee: Kami, not Ryo-Ohki too!
Tuba: Um, this may get a little TOO interesting...
LT: Even Tuba must draw the line somewhere.
	
	"Well if you need to take a break I'd be happy to take her soup up to 
her." 
	Mihoshi almost refused, wanting to see Kiyone again. 

Jay: I'm sorry guys, but if any of you got this sick, I don't think I'd do this 
for you.
Lady Kaguya: I would if you paid me.

	But then thought better of it and handed Sasami the bowl. 

Bee: What a beautiful example of a sentence fragment.
Eggy: Look Ma, no subject!

	"Thanks Sasami. I need to sleep anyway." Sasami smiled and took the bowl 
up the stairs. Mihoshi sighed and fell back on the couch, almost immediately 
falling asleep. 
	Upstairs Kiyone heard someone coming and thought it was Mihoshi. She sat 
up ready to eat. Sasami came in and smiled at her. "Hi Kiyone." Kiyone raised an 
eyebrow and gestured with her hands. 

Tuba: Great! I love charades!
Bee: Looks like one, no, two words!
LT: First word...four letters...
Lady Kaguya: First letter is H! First letter is H!
Jay: ...E...
Eggy: ...L...
Blue...P! The first word is HELP!
Tuba: Okay, next word...two letters...
LT: First letter is M...

	"Mihoshi? I thought she could use a break. She's been watching over you 
nonstop." 

Blue: No, Sasami! There were only two letters! It couldn't have been Mihoshi!

	Kiyone looked surprised. "Yeah, would you believe it? She spent the first 
three days you were asleep just sitting by your bed holding your hand. 

Eggy: Well, that would explain that large stain on the carpet.

	We all tried to get her to sleep and let one of us do it for a while but 
she flat out refused. Open up." Sasami gave her a spoon full of soup, which 
Kiyone absently swallowed. 

Lady Kaguya: One word: SPOONFUL.
	
	"Anyway Mihoshi just sat right here. She wouldn't even really eat that 
much she was so worried about you." Kiyone looked down guiltily and Sasami shook 
her head. "Now don't be like that. Nobody blames you, least of all Mihoshi. How 
did you get so sick anyway? She wouldn't tell us." Kiyone looked a bit guiltier. 

Blue: (imitating Alice) Guiltier and guiltier....

	After Sasami left Kiyone stayed where she was and thought. If she had just 
listened to Mihoshi she wouldn't be in this mess. 

Bee: Mess?
Jay: Wallowing in her own vomit, surrounded by Mihoshi's feces....
Bee: Eww. They have laws against that, you know.
Eggy: Mihoshi's no RN. 
Blue: I think that goes without saying.

	She wondered what it was about Mihoshi that was so annoying. It wasn't 
like she did most of the stuff she did on purpose. 

Jay: The author's being nonspecific again. What stuff is he referring to now?
Eggy: Mellophones.
Tuba: CD packaging.
Bee: Blonde jokes.
Lady Kaguya: Wait a sec...Mihoshi IS a blonde....
Bee: Exactly.

	And all things considered most of her mistakes turned out to be better 
than they were worse. Nobody had really wanted two Washu's running around the 
place. 

Tuba: Could I have the spare one, then?

	Maybe it was because Mihoshi didn't seem to have a care in the world. 

Eggy: It may seem that way because she DOESN'T have a care in the world.
Jay: Or in outer space, either.

	It was frustrating that she seemed able to do whatever she wanted without 
suffering the repercussions that the rest of the world did. 

Bee: Okay, ready percs?
Blue: Hang on... (struggles to get snare drum on)
Tuba: I'll get the quads.
Jay: I'm on bass.
LT: Hey, guys, the word was repercussions, not percussions.
Bee: Oh.	

	But just because of that did she have the right to blame her partner for 
everything? 

Eggy: I think it warrants a license to kill.

	No... no she had to stop putting everything on Mihoshi's shoulders. 
	As she sat there she thought about what Sasami had said. Mihoshi had 
stayed with her holding her hand for days. 

Lady Kaguya: (as Kiyone) Ugh, now I have Mihoshi germs!

	Had refused to tell them that it was Kiyone's own fault she was sick. 

Bee: Another sentence fragment.

	All actions that supported her earlier suspicions.

Bee: Add another to the tally.

 	Mihoshi cared for her deeply. That much was obvious. 

Everyone: Well, duh!
Blue: Being out so long really affected her mental capacity.

	But how deep was it and did she feel the same way? Kiyone didn't know... 
she had had the chance to get rid of Mihoshi. Could have stayed as a high-
ranking official at headquarters. Why had she given it all up to come back to 
this small out of the way planet with the person she had always claimed to 
despise and want dead? 

Lady Kaguya: I kinda was under the impression she liked Tenchi, and Mihoshi was 
just a friend.
Eggy: Oh, come on. It was obvious from the beginning that Mihoshi and Kiyone 
subconcsciously harbored lesbian longings for one another.

	I need to talk to her, she thought. Need to find out why Mihoshi did the 
things she did. 

Tuba: Just a thought, but MAYBE she loves you.
LT: I thought her throat was too sore to talk, anyway.

	Mihoshi woke up on the couch twelve hours after she had fallen asleep. 

Bee: Ha! That's nothing! I've slept for twenty hours!

	She tried to go up to Kiyone again, but Sasami stopped her and made her 
eat first. After that Mihoshi hurried upstairs. Kiyone was asleep on her bed. 

Blue: Where else did you expect her to be?

	Ryoko had fed Kiyone her dinner and had left a while ago. Mihoshi sat down 
next to Kiyone's bed and looked down at her. Tears feel from her eyes. 

Bee: I can just imagine the tears, groping their way down her cheek.

	"Please just get better." She held Kiyone's hand and sat there looking at 
her. 

Eggy: It doesn't take much to keep her occupied, does it?
Jay: Simpleton.
LT: She must think Kiyone's dying.

	The sun rose many hours later, but Mihoshi hadn't moved. The light started 
coming in through the window and slowly crossed the room to Kiyone's bed and 
fell across Kiyone's face. Her eyes fluttered open and she saw Mihoshi sitting 
over her. 

Eggy: I would have screamed.
Lady Kaguya: Kiyone's a brave woman.

	She looked down and saw the blonde's fingers wrapped in hers. 

Eggy: I would have screamed so loud...

	Mihoshi smiled and absently ran her fingers through Kiyone's hair. 

Eggy: I would have called the police...
	
	"You know, in this light... you look like an angel." 

Eggy: I would have jumped out of the window.
Jay: That may have been the longest sentence I ever heard Mihoshi say.

	Kiyone blushed trying to think of something to say. Finally she looked up 
and managed to whisper out, "Thank you..." 

Tuba: What was that? I couldn't hear.

	Mihoshi smiled with tears in her eyes. "Are you feeling any better 
Kiyone?" 
	Kiyone stretched and took a deep breath. Her throat seemed to hurt less 
and her hands felt stronger so she looked up and nodded. 
	Mihoshi smiled and squeezed her hand. "I don't know what I'd do if 
anything happened to you Kiyone. You are the only thing that matters to me." 
	
Eggy: Hear that Kiyone? Out of all her stuffed animals, you're her favorite.
Blue: Why, you're even better than that soap opera.
LT: And Sasami's cooking. Well, most of it, anyway...

	Kiyone looked up at her startled. "You... you mean that?" She said. 
	Mihoshi nodded and a tear fell down her cheek. "Always. 

Eggy: It was a yes or no question, Mihoshi.

	Now don't say anything else. I'll go get your breakfast alright?" 
	Kiyone bit her lip and nodded. Once Mihoshi was gone she lay her head back 
onto the pillow. "She really does love me..." Kiyone smiled thinking it over. 
She decided that yes... she loved Mihoshi too. 

Bee: Kami! (falls over)
Lady Kaguya: Quick, someone get the first aid kit!
Tuba: Here it is!
LT: (looking in kit) It's nearly empty. All that's left is some guaze.
Blue: Hand it over!

	She had never had a boyfriend or girlfriend in her life. She had been too 
busy. And in her wildest dreams she had never imagined that it would be Mihoshi.

Jay: Neither had Bumblebee, apparently.
Bee: ...groan...
 
	Mihoshi came back with the soup and fed Kiyone. 

LT: Which she does in every other paragraph. This is getting a bit boring.

	Kiyone meanwhile willingly took the food and ate quickly. Mihoshi smiled 
and turned to take the food away when she felt Kiyone's hand on her arm. Mihoshi 
set the food down and turned back. "Yes Kiyone?" Kiyone blushed and reached up 
tracing a finger down Mihoshi's cheek. 

Jay: What I wouldn't give to just get Kiyone some DIALOGUE.
Blue: You don't get a sore throat from pneumonia anyway!

	Mihoshi held Kiyone's hand to her cheek and smiled. "I know Kiyone... I 
know." 

Eggy: She probably doesn't. She probably really thinks that Kiyone means thank 
you for the soup or something. I don't think she's really capable of 
understanding complex messages from gestures.
LT: You really hate Mihoshi, don't you?
Jay: What was your first clue?

	She turned to leave and Kiyone smiled after her. 

Eggy: That is, after she left her alone.

	When Mihoshi came back Kiyone was standing by the window watching Ryoko 
and Aeka fighting. 

Blue: A common sight at the Masaki household.

	They no longer fought over Tenchi of course, 

Lady Kaguya: You know what really annoys me about this author? 99.9% of his fics 
are about how Tenchi chooses Ryoko. It gets really boring and lacks originality.

	but they still managed to find other things. 

LT: What things?
Bee: (covered in gauze head-to-toe, only now fully coming to) Wha's been goig 
on?
Blue: (as Aeka) Lord Tenchi is not!
Lady Kaguya: (as Ryoko) Oh, yes, Tenchi IS gay! You can tell by the way he 
farts!
Bee: Kami! (faints again)
Lady Kaguya: Oops....

	Kiyone had noticed that over time their fights looked more like a dance. 

Lady Kaguya: Okay, everybody ready? One two three!
Everybody: (doing great big happy group dance; singing) I'm a taco, you're a 
taco, everyone I know's a taco! I'm a taco, you're a taco, everyone I know's a 
taco!
Jay: Who the hell came up with THIS?
Lady Kaguya: I did! Why, you no like?
Jay:...gumble grumble....

	The same moves over and over again until it was perfect. 

Lady Kaguya: Okay, you guys, let's do it again!
Everyone: I'm a taco, you're a taco, everyone I know's a taco!
Jay: AAAH!

	Of course Kiyone knew that if she had ever wanted to Ryoko could have 
vaporized the princess in a second.

LT: For which Tenchi would abandon her and Ryoko would probably die of a broken 
heart.
Tuba: True...killing Aeka would be a dumb move.
Jay: And this is a dumb story. Let's get it over with.
 
	Mihoshi came up behind her and put a hand on Kiyone's arm. "You should 
still be in bed Kiyone. It's not healthy for you to be up yet."

Bee: Nor is, I think, the nature of their relationship very healthy.
Tuba: What are you, homophobic?
Jay: Mihoshi and Ryo-Ohki...now THAT'S not healthy.
 
	Kiyone nodded and walked shakily back to her bed and let Mihoshi cover her 
up. 

Tuba: No, don't cover her up!
Eggy: Hentai. (smacks him hard with a mummy case)
Blue: Hey! Where'd you get that?
Eggy: Egypt.
Blue: Cool! I want one!

	"Mihoshi..." 
	Mihoshi pushed her finger against her lips. "No. Not until you get better 
Kiyone. I want you to think about this first alright?" 

Eggy: (as Mihoshi) Because I don't think at all.

	Kiyone nodded and lay back. Mihoshi was right. If she wasn't absolutely 
sure about her feelings for Mihoshi it could really hurt them both. "When... did 
you get so... smart?" 

Eggy: She never was; Washu gave her some helpful hints.

	Mihoshi smiled and shook her head. "Sorry that's classified... and I mean 
that literally."

Jay: I'm not sure we want to know about that.

 	Kiyone looked at her closely. Apparently Mihoshi had some secrets of her 
own. "Um... Mihoshi. I need to use the bathroom. This bedpan is killing me." 

LT: Eww.

	Mihoshi laughed and helped her up. 
	A week later and Kiyone was almost back to normal. 

Lady Kaguya: If she had ever been normal in the first place.

	She was doing morning exercises to keep herself fit and her throat had 
stopped hurting. Washu estimated four days before the virus was purged from her 
system entirely.

Eggy: And we all know how right on Washu usually is.

	Mihoshi had been there every day taking care of her until Kiyone had 
finally gotten sick of it and taken the spoon herself. From then on Mihoshi had 
let her feed herself 

Bee: She obviously got the hint.

	and she had been getting stronger every day. What Mihoshi had refused to 
discuss their feelings for each other until Kiyone was completely better and not 
a second sooner.

Tuba: She didn't want to catch mono or anything else contagious.

	However something that Kiyone was keeping a tight control on was her 
temper. She had only yelled at Mihoshi once when she spilled some hot tea on 
Kiyone's lap. 

Lady Kaguya: I'd have yelled, too.

	Aside from that when Mihoshi made a mistake Kiyone had been trying to 
explain what she had done wrong in a calm voice 

Eggy: ...Several times....

	so that she understood. After that Kiyone noticed that Mihoshi never 
seemed to make the same mistake twice. 

Bee: Could it be...?
Tuba:....she's LEARNING?

	While she was exercising Kiyone looked around the room and realized how 
messy it was. If they were going to live at Tenchi's place the least she could 
do was keep it clean until she could pay him some rent. Mihoshi had told Tenchi 
about Kiyone's desire to pay and Tenchi had stead fastly 

Lady Kaguya: Here's a great gift idea for this author: a dictionary.
	
	refused, but after a while he said yes, but would only take a few hundred 
yen a month and not until she was better and had a chance to work. So anyway, 

Jay: Yes, anyway.

	Kiyone started picking things up. For a second she was thinking that 
Mihoshi was a slob, then realized that most of these clothes were her own. "Nagi 
was right... I spend too much time blaming others for my mistakes." 
	She picked another shirt off of the stereo and a tape fell off. Kiyone 
reached down and picked the tape up. 

Tuba: Really, this is...thrilling.

	It was a recording she and Mihoshi had made of their karaoke night about 
three months ago. Smiling she plugged it into the tape player and listened to it 
while she worked. She remembered how Mihoshi and she always felt when they sang 
together. Staring into each other's eyes... 

Tuba: Wait...maybe this will really get thrilling!

	she wondered just how long Mihoshi had been in love with her. How long had 
she just ignored Mihoshi's feelings like that? Kiyone sat down on her bed 
suddenly tired. She lay there listening to the music and thinking about Mihoshi. 
"Oh this is confusing. No wonder she's so absentminded." 

Lady Kaguya: Would anybody like a hyphen?

Sighing she grabbed her pillow and hugged it to herself. She lay there until the 
tape ended, trying to think of some way to make it all up to Mihoshi. 
	Just then Mihoshi came in with her food. She was finally allowed to eat 
something solid for lunches. This time Sasami had made grilled cheese sandwiches 

Blue: How American.

	and sent up a glass of grape juice with it. "Hey Kiyone. How are you 
feeling?" 
	Kiyone smiled up at her, "A lot better. Thanks for taking care of me all 
this time Mihoshi, I really appreciate it." 
	Mihoshi blushed and sat down next to her. "It's nothing Kiyone. I'd do it 
again in a heart beat." 

Lady Kaguya: Tokimeki!
Jay: Huh?

	Kiyone smiled at her and took her food. She took a bite out of her 
sandwich and her eyes got big. "Ow! That's hot." 

Eggy: I think that constant exposure to Mihoshi is making Kiyone's IQ drop.

	Mihoshi looked at her worriedly and quickly handed her the glass. "Quick, 
drink this." 
	Kiyone took the glass and gulped it down. When she was done she smiled at 
Mihoshi. "Thanks." 

Jay: Thus far Kiyone's dialogue has consisted mostly of thanks and groans.

	Mihoshi reached out to take the glass away and her fingers brushed across 
Kiyone's sending a tiny shock through them both. 

Bee: You gotta watch that static electricity.

	They sat there for a minute neither letting go of the glass. Finally 
Kiyone bit her lip and let Mihoshi take the glass. Mihoshi sat there for another 
minute then sat the cup down and looked at her. "You know Kiyone... I know I 
make you mad sometimes. I'm sorry I do. I never meant to make you hate me..."

Eggy: ...errggghhh....
 
	Kiyone gasped. That's what she meant this entire time. That she thought I 
wanted to tell her I hated her? Kiyone thought. 

Tuba: With all the thanking and the brushing and the gestures, I would have 
thought Kiyone was at least grateful.

	Shaking her head she tried reaching out to Mihoshi, "Mihoshi I don't..." 
	She was cut off when Mihoshi slapped her hand away and backed off. 

LT: (as Mihoshi) Tag! You're it!
	
	"Don't try saying that you don't hate me Kiyone. You've said that you do 
too many times. You tried to eliminate me from your life when you had the shot. 
When you were promoted you were going to leave me behind you yell at me and tell 
me how I mess up all the time. If you hadn't been sick you probably would have 
been yelling every minute I was trying to help you, so don't you dare try saying 
that you don't hate me!"

Eggy: I hate you, Mihoshi! Does that make you feel better?
 
	She turned and ran out of the room crying leaving Kiyone staring after her 
in shock. "What have I done..?" 

Jay: I wasn't paying attention. What did she do?

	She heard the front door slam and ran to the window. She saw Mihoshi run 
away from the house and into the woods. Kiyone watched her go, pressing her hand 
against the window. 
	From behind her she heard the door open. She whirled around and saw Sasami 
standing there. "Kiyone, why did Mihoshi run out of here?" 
	
Tuba: Nosey.

	Kiyone shook her head sadly and lay down on the bed. "I made some mistakes 
Sasami... so many mistakes."

Bee: How many mistakes? Some or so many?
 
	Sasami sat down on the bed next to her. "Do you want to talk about it?" 
	Kiyone looked at her, and cried for a minute. Then slowly she nodded. 
Sitting up and took and deep breath and told Sasami what had happened. 
	"Wow! You and Mihoshi...

Bee: Yeah, that's what I thought.
LT: Only I think you have a concussion, whereas Sasami managed to keep 
consciousness.

	...well I guess it's not that hard to picture. But why does she think you 
don't like her?" 
	Kiyone shook her head. "That's my fault. I told her I didn't so many times 
without thinking. I was just mad at her all the time and I blamed her for 
everything." 
	
Eggy: Don't feel so bad, Kiyone. I do too.

	Sasami put her hand on Kiyone's. 

Bee: No! Not Sasami! Anyone but Sasami!	

	"Don't worry Kiyone. I'm sure if you talk to her she'll understand." 
	Kiyone shook her head and turned to bury her face in her pillow. 

Blue: "Here lies Kiyone's face, lost during a humiliating fanfic..."

	"I don't even understand. I tried talking to her... but she wouldn't 
listen." She pushed her face into the pillow and cried.

LT: Be strong, Kiyone!
Eggy: Don't make me sick, Kiyone!
Bee: Ugh, maybe it is contagious...
 
	Merea appeared next to Sasami and put her hand on the princess's shoulder. 
Sasami looked at her and nodded. Together they walked out of the room and left 
Kiyone alone. 
	Mihoshi ran through the woods crying. She couldn't believe she had done 
that. Kiyone hadn't done anything. Why had she been so mean to her? 

Bee: I don't know. Lady Kaguya, why are you always so mean to me?
Lady Kaguya: I wouldn't be mean to you if Blue wouldn't be mean to me.
Blue: Well, it's LT's fault anyway.
LT: (playing Nintendo) Ahaha! Take that, Ganondorf!
(Everyone sweatdrops)

	She stopped running and sat down on a rock underneath a cherry tree. She 
was there for a long time, crying to herself when she heard something moving in 
the bushes next to her. Mihoshi jumped back and saw something furry run past 
her. "Ryo-oki is that you?" She called. 
	The furry thing jumped out onto her lap and said, "Ciao?" 

Jay: Where did the cabbit learn Italian?
Tuba: And why is he saying "goodbye"?

	Mihoshi smiled and scratched behind the cabbit's ears. "Oh it's you Ken-
oki. Does that mean Nagi is around somewhere?" 

Eggy: Ohmigod! Mihoshi's learned to think!
Bee: I hope she doesn't hurt herself.
Eggy: I do.

	Ken-oki nodded and turned towards the path ahead of her. Mihoshi looked up 
and saw Nagi walking along it towards her and quickly wiped the tears from her 
eyes. Nagi arrived a few minutes later, "Hello officer Mihoshi." 

Lady Kaguya: Formally, that would be "Officer Mihoshi," but hey, who needs 
capital letters anyway?
LT: You've certainly become laidback about this grammar thing, Kaguya-sama.
Lady Kaguya: I'm too tired to be mean.

	Mihoshi smiled. "Hi Nagi, how's it going?" 
	Nagi smiled and looked around. She had been coming by for visits ever 
since she had given up chasing Ryoko. 

Jay: Unlikely though it was.

	Anytime she finished collecting a bounty or something she stopped by, then 
she and Ryoko would go out for the evening and get tossed out of every bar in 
town.

Blue: Sounds like fun.
Lady Kaguya: Take me with you!

 	Mihoshi really didn't have an answer to Nagi's question though so she 
simply kept quiet. 

LT: Nagi asked a question?
Tuba: Where's that bathing suit of hers?

The bounty hunter stopped and looked down at her. "What's wrong Mihoshi?" 

Bee: Oh, there's the question.
Blue: The author had a premonition...

	Mihoshi looked up at her and tried her best to smiled like she always did, 
but a tear feel from her eye and landed on the end of Ken-oki's nose causing him 
to sneeze. 

Bee: Yeah, well, that might give something away.

	Nagi sat down on a rock on the other side of the path and looked at her. 
"Do you not want to talk about it?" 
	She shook her head. "No... yes... 

Eggy: (as Mihoshi) Wait a sec...would you please repeat the question?

	I don't know. It just hurts so much..." 
	Nagi nodded. "It's a love thing then? 

Eggy: (as Mihoshi again) No, I just stubbed my toe on that tree stump over 
there.

I take it you don't like it that Ryoko got Tenchi any better than Aeka does?" 
	Mihoshi let out a laugh. It was so rueful that it almost seemed to Nagi 
that it couldn't possibly have come from Mihoshi. "Tenchi? Ha! He's like a 
brother to me. No... no. If it were about Tenchi there would be no problem." 

Tuba: But there would be...incest!
Lady Kaguya: Bee, why did you invite him?
Bee: I didn't. He can smell free junk food from miles away.
 
	Nagi's eyes widened. "You aren't in love with Yosho or Noboyuki are you?" 

Tuba: HAHAHAHAHAHA!

	This time Mihoshi laughed louder and almost fell off the rock. Ken-oki 
jumped out of her lap and landed on Nagi's. When Mihoshi was done laughing she 
looked up, "Thanks for the laugh. I needed that." 

Blue: But you just laughed a couple paragraphs ago!
Eggy: But that was a rueful laugh!
Blue: What's that supposed to mean?
Bee: Contrite, remorseful, regretful, sorry, grieving, sorrowful, mournful; 
pathetic, wretched, miserable, pitiable, pitiful, disheartened, despondent, 
dejected, or abject.
Lady Kaguya: Thank you, human thesaurus.
Bee: You're welcome.

	Nagi was confused. "If it's not a guy then what is it?" 

Jay: It's...a cabbit!
Tuba: Stop, you'll make Ken-Ohki jealous!

	Mihoshi took a deep breath and shook her head. "It's Kiyone... she hates 
me." 

Eggy: Not really, but I do.

	Mihoshi whispered the last 

Bee: Last what?
Jay: Last comment, I suppose.
Lady Kaguya: But she just said it! The author need not repeat it!
Blue: He's got a thing for repetition.
Eggy: But not so much as I, the Killer Repetitive Fatal Redundant Deadly 
Squirrel of Death Who Hates Mihoshi And Wishes She Would Die!

	and Nagi blushed a bit. She'd heard about these kind of relationships of 
course, 

Lady Kaguya: I wonder if the author's heard of commas....
Bee: Why do you trail off like that?
Lady Kaguya: I like to use ellipses dots, I guess....

	had even heard rumors that she had a similar thing for Ryoko. But in her 
entire life Nagi had never met anyone who felt that way about another girl. 

Tuba: And she's followed Ryoko for how long through how many different planetary 
systems? Where are all the lesbians?
Eggy: Maybe they're an endangered species out there.

	"I don't know what to say Mihoshi. I'm not exactly an expert on love... 

Jay: We know that. I mean, you actually thought Mihoshi could be in love with 
Nobuyuki?

	but are you sure she hates you? Has she ever actually said she hated you?" 
	Mihoshi thought about it for a minute.

Bee: Be careful, Mihoshi! We don't want you to strain yourself!
Eggy: I think she broke her brain.

 	Kiyone had said she wanted her dead, wished she was never born, had yelled 
and screamed at Mihoshi at the top of her lungs, but... no she'd never said 
she'd hated her.

Blue: But the wanting-her-dead thing was pretty harsh.

 	"No I guess not... not really." 
	Nagi nodded and tried to keep the fact that she was blushing hidden by her 
hood. 

Lady Kaguya: That sentence doesn't make any sense.
Jay: Unless you're an idiot.

	"Well has she ever said she loves you?" 
	Mihoshi shook her head, "Well there was that one time... but we were 
singing a song at a karaoke bar. It doesn't count." 

Bee: Then she didn't say it, she SANG it.

	Nagi pulled her hood closer to herself. 

Tuba: Or maybe just her face.

	"Then I don't think I'm the one you need to talk to." With that she got up 
and began walking towards the house, leaving Mihoshi to (believe it or not) 
think.

Everyone: We don't believe it.
Eggy: (as Mihoshi) Well, gee, I wonder why the sky is so blue all the time?
 
	'Are you going to be alright Nagi?' Ken-oki asked.

Jay: (as Nagi) No, I'm not! I'm going to be emotionally scarred forever because 
of that disturbing conversation I just had with the blonde!
 
	Nagi nodded and looked down, 'Yeah, I just need a drink.' 

Tuba: Alcohol cures everything, I guess.

	Mihoshi thought for a long time. 

Blue: (as Mihoshi) And why is grass green? And why do Americans pronounce it 
"carry-okey" when it's "kara-oke"? Or is it the other way around? And who came 
up with cabbits anyway? Wait...why is the sky blue again?

	She knew she wasn't exactly the brightest star in the sky. 

Jay: Or the sharpest tool in the shed.
Tuba: Brightest crayon in the box.
Bee: Sharpest tack on the seat.
Lady Kaguya: She was no Washu.

	Kiyone was so much smarter than she was. 

Eggy: I think that goes without saying.

	And so pretty... 

Tuba: So...sexy...

	Oh why couldn't she stop thinking about her? Mihoshi sighed and leaned 
back. 

Jay: On what?

	After she picked herself up from falling off the rock she sat back down. 
Maybe Kiyone didn't hate her. But it was clear to Mihoshi that she would never 
love her. 

Bee: Yes...maybe about as clear as mud.

	She had known that for a long time. Had decided that just being around 
Kiyone was enough. 

Lady Kaguya: Sentences need subjects, you know.

	But could she keep doing that now that she had shown Kiyone how she felt? 
She didn't know or care. All she knew was that she had to be with Kiyone. And if 
Kiyone wanted her gone... well then she would cross that road when she came to 
it. 
	Suddenly her watch beeped. "Oh my gosh it's time for my show!" 

LT: It seems her favorite soaps are still important.

	She took off running for the house all else forgotten. 

Eggy: No brain, no pain.

	She didn't even notice that she knocked Nagi off the path or hear the 
bounty hunter's curses as she disappeared inside. 

Blue: Just like her, too....

	Kiyone looked at her watch. Mihoshi would be watching her cartoon shows 
right now. 

Lady Kaguya: All right! I love anime! Move over, Mihoshi! What's on? Gundam? El 
Hazard? 
Jay: It looks like...
Bee: Cardcaptor Sakura!
Lady Kaguya: Ahh! Pink overload!

	Kiyone could picture the look on Mihoshi's face as she cheered the hero's 

Tuba: Hero's what, though?
Lady Kaguya: I think the author intended to use the plural rather than the 
genitive.
Blue: Stop using big words.
Bee: It's all the same in Latin!
Jay: Is this Latin? I thought not.

	on and hear the sounds of Mihoshi's voice as she laughed. The last part 
was actually true since Mihoshi's voice was drifting up from downstairs. Sasami 
had promised not to tell anyone what they had talked about,

Jay: Good ol' Sasami. She cooks, she cleans, she keeps secrets....
LT: She's got a lot on her shoulders for such a little kid.

	so Kiyone wasn't worried about that. But it took every ounce of will power 
not to run down there and try to talk to Mihoshi again. The only thing stopping 
her was the idea that she might ruin something that Mihoshi enjoyed. 

Bee: I guess that was nice of her.

	One of the few things she hadn't taken from her partner was her love of 
those shows. So instead she lay there quietly. 

Tuba: Kiyone's been doing a lot of laying around these days....

	Kiyone's eyes were closed when Mihoshi came up carrying her dinner. 
"Kiyone... are you awake?" Mihoshi whispered. Instead of answering or opening 
her eyes Kiyone just nodded. Mihoshi put her tray down next to her bed and 
turned to leave the room again. She had just reached the door when she felt a 
hand on her shoulder. "Kiyone... please. You should be in bed." 

Tuba: (as Kiyone) But it's just so boring without you!
Blue: I've had about enough of this. (beans him with a package of sweet-smelling 
incense)
Tuba: (sniffs deeply) Whooo...I'm getting a buzz....
Lady Kaguya: Good job, Blue. Now he's high!

	She tried to walk away again but the hand tightened and wouldn't let go. 
She turned around to look at Kiyone. She met her partner's eyes 

Eggy: (as Mihoshi) Hi, you must be Kiyone's eyes!

	and saw something there. 

Bee: Like maybe...her pupils?
Lady Kaguya: Her corneas!
Bee: Viscous jelly!
Lady Kaguya: Retinas!
LT: The rest of use haven't taken Anatomy & Physiology yet, you two.
Bee: Oh...sorry.
Lady Kaguya: Gomen nasai.
LT: It's okay, we forgive you.

	Meanwhile Kiyone thought about everything she wanted to say. I don't hate 
you Mihoshi. I never hated you. I love you. Please don't leave me. 
	Mihoshi looked at her confused, "Kiyone I..." Without warning Kiyone 
leaned forward and kisses Mihoshi on the lips 

Lady Kaguya: Once again, lovely job of keeping the tenses consistent.

	and wrapped her arms around her. 

Bee: Kami!
Tuba: YES!

	Mihoshi's eyes got wide and she stiffened up. 
	Oh, I hope I'm right about this. If I am wrong this will seriously... She 
stopped thinking when she felt Mihoshi suddenly hug her back and begin to return 
the kiss. 

Tuba: Time to let instinct kick in!
Bee: (wallops Tuba over the head with a baritone) That'll do, pig. That'll do.

	Kiyone opened her eyes and saw Mihoshi crying. The blonde's tears fell 
onto Kiyone's cheeks, surprisingly warm.
 	Mihoshi's eyes fluttered open to and she seemed to realize what she was 
doing for the first time. Breaking away from Kiyone she pressed herself against 
the wall. "Why... why did you do that?" 
	Kiyone reached out and ran her hand along Mihoshi's cheek, just like 
Mihoshi had done to her. "I wanted you to know Mihoshi... I don't hate you. I 
think... I think I love you Mihoshi." 

Eggy: But I still hate you, Mihoshi. I hope you die.

	Mihoshi bit her lip and closed her eyes. More tears went down her cheeks. 

Lady Kaguya: Such vibrant imagery.
Jay: Such biting sarcasm.

	"No you don't. You can't. You hate me. Don't try to pretend you don't. I 
can live with that. But you pretending that you love me... that's not something 
I can live with." 
	Kiyone stepped forward and looked into Mihoshi's face. "I'm not pretending 
Mihoshi. I love you. I'm sorry for all the things I've said, I didn't really 
mean them. But this... I mean it Mihoshi."

Bee: Kami!
Blue: Hmm, what? I haven't been paying attention.
 
	Mihoshi sniffled slightly and shook her head. "Kiyone... you don't know 
what it's like. I... I had given up. I knew you couldn't love me and had 
accepted it..." She closed her eyes and her knees buckled under her falling 
forward. 
	Kiyone caught her and held her close. 

Tuba: C'mon, the futon's right over there!
(Lady Kaguya, Bee, Eggy, LT, and Blue collectively pummel Tuba into the ground 
with a scale replica of Tokyo Tower)
Tuba: And this little piggie...got none....
Lady Kaguya: Damn right!

	"I'm sorry Mihoshi... I'm so sorry." Slowly Kiyone lowered to her knees. 
	They sat like that for a very long time. Neither one of them moved so much 
as an inch. Both of them cried and held each other closely. Then, just as the 
sun went down, Mihoshi looked up into Kiyone's eyes and reached her hand up to 
caress her partner's cheek. "I love you Kiyone... I have for so long." 

Lady Kaguya: Wow....
Blue: This guy is trying SO HARD to be romantic....
LT: He's no shojo author, though.
Jay: Well, how would he know what it's like to be a lesbian?

	Kiyone put her hand over Mihoshi's holding it to her cheek. "I know 
Mihoshi... I love you too." Mihoshi's hands slid behind Kiyone's neck while 
Kiyone's wrapped around her waist. Slowly they both leaned in and kissed.

Bee: Eargh.

 	The End 

Everyone: YAAY!
LT: Wait, it can't be over. Washu hasn't explained how love really works.

	Author's note Ok, you may praise me now. 

Everyone: HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!

	Admit it that was a terrific story. 

Everyone: HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!

	I'll admit there was no sigh of Aeka , 

Tuba: (sigh) ...Aeka....
Bee: Don't ask. Don't ask. Don't ask. Don't ask....

	while Ryoko and Tenchi himself only made a quick cameo. 

Jay: (as author) or did they both make cameos? Hmmm....

	What can I say? 

Lady Kaguya: (as author) Gomen nasai, I'm very sorry for putting all of you poor 
readers out there through this....
Blue: Yes, that would be a good start.

	I was in the mood for something different. I find that when I run out of 
Tenchi/Ryoko stories Mihoshi and Kiyone are always there to bail me out. 

LT: Well, you know what they say..."Out of the frying pan and into the fire."

	If you wish to tell me what you thought of this story or any others I have 
written feel free to email me at clayton_n@hotmail.com 

Eggy: So...who knows how to send an email bomb?
Blue: That's pretty harsh. Even IF this guy writes such lousy fanfics.
Eggy: I meant it for Mihoshi.

Hey, it's me, the Bumblebee. Thank you for coming to the MST Party. Hopefully 
we'll be back soon with another author to torture.

Lady Kaguya: Hopefully it will be good.
Tuba: Hopefully it will be a lemon.
LT: Hopefully it will make sense.
Blue: Hopefully I'll have a dentist's appointment.
Jay: Hopefully I won't be invited.

Okay, guys shut up already. Anyway, if you have any comments or anything, just 
send it my way at mysteriousbumblebee@angelfire.com. And the Taco Song is 
copyright of Lady Kaguya (but I can't fathom why anyone out there would want 
it). Thanks again.


