I told someone this would make a good MST. Can't have people calling me a 
liar, can I? -----Clayton Overstreet

MSTers

Clayton Overstreet
Washu (Adult form)
Gene Starwind
Aisha Clan-Clan
Dark Schneider (Evil wizard/hero) Darsch for short
Gluko (Monkole Knights)

Washu: Where are Tenchi and Ryoko?
Clayton: I couldn't use them this time
Aisha: So we're on our own?
Clayton: No, I got a couple others lined up.
Gluko: Hi! Hey does this fic have Mihoshi in it? She's so smart!
Darsch: Hello.
Others: (Look at Clayton)
Clayton: What?


Author's notes: look we all know that I do not own Tenchi Muyo and the 
characters....

All: No!
Aisha: My world is shattered!

if I did I would not be writing this fan fiction I would be in Japan writing 
and drawing the episodes as well. And don't forget...I would be stinking 
rich!!!!

Clayton: Multiple exclamation marks are a sure sign of a diseased mind.
Others: Really?!!!!?

So I am not rich at all...though I wish I was...please don't sue me...if you 
do...I'll...I'll... bite your head off!! Oh and one more thing...this 
contains lemon scenes...

Darsch: Yes!
Gene: You like lemons?
Darsch: Of course, doesn't everybody?

so if your under age...

Washu: What about my under age?

I suggest that you get your little young butt out of here and never come 
back!

Gluko: Okay (Tries to leave. Is zapped by the door) Ooo! (Holds onto the 
door handle and grins)
Washu: Let me try that
Clayton: (Turns off the power) After the fic

(Though it never stopped me!) Any ways enjoy the story because this is my 
first ever fan fiction so... go easy a? ...Or I get Maski to hug you!

All: (Shudder)

The story-

Darsch: Ah the story about a man named Jed.
Aisha: No it's about a lovely lady with three daughters...
Clayton: It's a combination of both
Washu: I can see that

The feelings that I can't keep it any more; I love you

It was a beautiful day at the Maski household. The birds was singing and 
chirping. The cherry blossoms were dancing to the ground.

All: (Conga line)
Aisha: Gene, hands off my ass
Darsch: I'm not Gene

It was a nice and warm day, the sun was shining it rays on top of the Maski 
lake. The lake was clam,

Aisha: Yummy!
Washu: I think he made a lemon reference there

while twinkling away with the rays of the sun. Yes it was a nice and 
peaceful day. But it wasn't for long....

" Miss Ryoko! How dare you lay a hand on My Tenchi!!" said the first crown 
princess of Juri. They call her by the name of princess Ayeka.

Clayton: (Plays the guitar)
Darsch and Gene: (Begin to sing like country singers) They called her 
Aekaaaa...
Washu and Gluko: Oooooooo...
Aisha: (Shakes a tambourine)

" YOUR Tenchi!! I don't see YOUR name on it brat!"

Aisha: It?
Clayton: Actually I'm pretty sure Ryoko wrote her name on some part of 
Tenchi's body...

said the first class space pirate. Her name was Ryoko, the space pirate.

Gene: And her name was... (Sees the others look at him) Sorry.

"You know that me and lord Tenchi is distend

All: (look at Tenchi's crotch) Wow...

to be together and live happily ever after! With out your corpse being on 
top of him all the time!!!" said Ayeka, rather ticked off.

" DISTEND!?!?! DISTEND MY FOOT!! THE ONLY DISTENY YOU HAVE IS TORWARDS THE 
GRAVE!!" said Ryoko while powering up her energy sword ready to attack the 
princess.

"OH YA!" said Ayeka while powering up as well.

Gluko: Oh yeah, I love dragon ball!

"YA!" said Ryoko tightening her fists to hold the energy sword she was 
creating.

Logs where starting to appearing around Ayeka, while Ryoko was leaping into 
the air,

Darsch: So those are sex toys?
Washu: I wish

holding her energy sword into the air as well, aiming towards Ayeka while 
dropping down next to her trying to hit her with the beam sword. But the 
shield that protected Ayeka, didn't do any damage, nor made her flinch.

" AAAARRRRR!!" said Ryoko, trying to break throw the shield.

Clayton: Aye and she be a pirate alright me harties


" HAHAHA.... try as hard as you want, you will never break my shield 
pirate!" said Ayeka in her mocking tone of hers.

"AAARRRRRRGGGGG!!" Ryoko was sweating already with her effort she is making, 
trying to break the shield.

With a few minutes later, Ryoko finally broke the shield that was protecting 
Ayeka.

" *gasp* What?" said a shocked Ayeka.

With the force that Ryoko had broken Ayeka shield.

Gluko: Hello! (Echoe) Hello!

Ayeka went flying back towards the tree. Making her scream with pain that 
was going towards her back. Ryoko was walking towards Ayeka with an evil 
smile across her face, while holding her energy sword in mid air. Ayeka was 
terrified that what she thought the pirate was gone to do to her now.

Gene: (Rubs his hands together) I can guess

" So? Princess? Thought that I would not be able to break the shield? Oh 
well too bad that you wont have enough time to answer that..." said Ryoko in 
her evil tone that never thought possible.

Darsh: (Laughs so evily that even Washu is scared)

"What are you saying Ryoko?" Ayeka said, who was quit scared by the voice 
that Ryoko was making.

Gluko: I thought she wouldn't have time to answer?

"I'm saying ... SEE YOU IN HELL!"

All: She's Christian?

with that Ryoko held her sword high up in the air, and was about to swing it 
at Ayeka... but stopped. Ryoko saw something there. Something that she would 
never see except through Tenchi ...and... her once true love...

"Nagi..." whispered Ryoko throw her lips that wasn't holding a evil grin 
anymore.

Washu: (Picks the grin up off the floor and brushes it off)

Ayeka looked at Ryoko. Ryoko looked at Ayeka. Through the their eyes ... 
they both seemed to see the same thing...but Ayeka saw this a long time ago 
through Ryoko eyes. She only wished she could get the courage out of her and 
tell her those words that was in deep with held inside of her heart.

Aisha: (As Aeka) I hate you?
Washu: (As Aeka) I've got a disease?
Clayton: Anything but 'I love you'?

"Arrgg..." Ryoko was trying to focus but failed... her heart got the best of 
her...

Gluko: It had a gun?

with that she made the energy sword disappear through her hand. Ryoko turned 
around, and went of towards that Maski household.

Ayeka looked at her, while Ryoko was walking off towards the house.

"See you inside Ayeka" said Ryoko while waving a hand.

"Yes ... my love" whispered Ayeka.

THE MASKI HOUSHOLD

Darsha: Maski?
Aisha: Let it slide

Inside the Maski household, every one was having a nice dinner that was made 
by Sasami, the second princess of Juri. Also the little sister of Ayeka. 
There was Tenchi Maski,

All: (Flinch)

the son of Nobiyuki and Achika. Nobiyuki was currently out on a business 
trip.

Gene: Business trip?
Washu: (As hooker) So mister, what'cha doing here?
Noboyuki: I'm on a business trip... do you take checks?

Achika, the mother or Tenchi, died along time ago when Tenchi was only a 
child. There was Yosho, the grandfather of Tenchi and the Shinto priest of 
the Maski shrine. There where also the two GP officers, by the name of first 
class detective Mihoshi and first class detective Kiyone. Who worked 
together as partners fighting crime. But Kiyone wasn't quit pleased being 
partners with the ditzy blonde. And there was Washu. Who liked to be called 
little Washu. She was the number scientific guineas

Washu: I think the grammar check on MY computer just exploded.
Gluko: Oh that's so cute, Mojo Jojo is narrating!

in the universe. And finely, Ryo-oki, the cabbit of the house. She was also 
the space ship of Ryoko's.

All of them was sitting around the dinner table; surrounding by delicious 
food that Sasami made for them as well as her self.

"Hmmmm.... smells good Sasami! You really out done your self this time!" 
said Tenchi in his kindness manner, while sniffing the food, on his plate.

"Really Tenchi? You think so?" said Sasami in her cute voice, with her blue 
eyes shinning with her joyful life.

Aisha: And godlike power
Darsh: (Eyes glow red) I can do that

"Really Sasami... I wish I could cook like you." Said Tenchi with his deep 
dark brown eyes that are kind like his smile.

"Thanks Tenchi!" said Sasami being her joyful self, while sitting next to 
Washu.

All of them started eating quietly and were enjoying the food that Sasami 
had made.
Tenchi was talking to them about what had happened to him in school today. 
But some people was not quit listening to him...

<What happened to me? Why did I stop?

Gluko: Tenchi would have been mad

Why did she remind me of...Nagi?...

Washu: Beats me

what is this I'm feeling for Ayeka?

Clayton: Typically disgust and jealousy

I spouse too feel hate towards her not...> Ryoko was in deep thought...and 
Ayeka had notice this.

<Why I cannot tell her?

Aisha: Because it makes no sense

I want to tell her those three words but...I can not...I do love lord Tenchi 
but not the way I feel the same way towards Ryoko...

Gene: Damn, no three-way
Darsch: Rats
Washu: (Hits Gene)
Aisha: (Hits Darsch)
Darsch: (Extends his hand towards Aisha) Damn! (A ball of intense heat hits 
her)
Aisha: (Lays on the ground charred and sizzling)
Others: Wow...
Darsch: Anybody else want to try it?
All: (Shake their heads)

but if I tell her? ... Would she feel the same way about me?

Gene: In this fic? I'd bet on it

 > Ayeka was all so in deep thought with her feelings that she was feeling 
towards the space pirate.

"Hey Ayeka? Is anything wrong? Don't you like my food?" said Sasami seeking 
the answer form her sister.

Darsch: She wants to eat something else (Nobody hits him)
Clayton: (Mumbles) Lucky Bastard.

"Oh no Sasami! I am very happily enjoying your excellent food, I was just 
thinking about something that's all..." said Ayeka taking another bite out 
of her food.

"Ok! Just don't think too much! Or else your food will get cold." Said 
Sasami, wiping the worried expression of her face, by replacing it with her 
gentle face.

Clayton: now who does that remind me of?
Washu: Hexadecimal (Waves a hand in front of her face and her expression 
changes)

Tenchi looked at Ayeka then Sasami, then towards Ryoko.

Gene: Eeny meeny miny moe...

< I wonder what those two are thinking?

Darsch: (As Mel Gibson) Don't ask
Aisha: (Wakes up and crawls into her seat) Ouch

It looks like they are in deep thought by the looks of it> it didn't hold 
much attention towards Tenchi; he just quickly left it behind him, and 
resumed talking about his day after taking another bit out of his food.

Washu: Don't talk with your mouth full

There was all so another person who was in deep thought as well about her 
partner, she was sitting next too.

Gene: Yes! Double feature!

<Oh ok she staring at me again...why is Mihoshi keep doing that now?

Gluko: Three guesses

... It looks like she in love...*gasp*... no it can't be... it must be 
something else>

Clayton: (Snicker) Gee why does THIS seem familiar?

Kiyone thought about this...while taking quick glances of her partner if she 
was still staring at her.

<Oh Kiyone...how long I wish too just touch those soft lips of your... but I 
know that can't ever happen between us... your so beautiful and I'm not... 
you deserve someone better...>

Aisha: So that's how she thinks. How will she voice it?
Washu: (As Mihoshi) Uh Kiyone... want a Twinkie?

with that Mihoshi started to shed a tear form one of her blue eyes

Gene: (Picks up the piece of trash he dropped)

and soon, started to cry. Kiyone noticed this.

Washu: Well she is a detective

"Mihoshi? Is there something wrong?" said Kiyone a bit concerned about the 
blond detective.

" Oh...*sniff*... no there's nothing wrong Kiyone...its just something in my 
eye, that's all." And after that sentence she quickly turned to face her 
food.

Kiyone wasn't buying it,

Gluko: I will. How much?

and for second there she thought she had notice a blush on Mihoshi.

Gene: What blush?
Aisha: Try looking at her face
Gene: Oh there it is!

But thought she was seeing things.

"Ok...if anything's wrong you can tell me Mihoshi." Mihoshi nodded once, and 
began to eat her food quietly, and also Kiyone resumed eating her food as 
well quietly,

(A cricket chirps and a tumbleweed rolls through the livingroom)

while listening to Tenchi.

SOMEWHERE IN SPACE

There was a woman in side of her space ship, sitting in the commanders 
control seat,

Darsh: Which part of the cabbit is that seat made of?
Clayton: Guess

holding in her hand was a wine glass, with the fine red wine inside of it, 
matching her cold crimson eyes. She had her black cloak around her body 
showing only her legs which where cross-legged. She was swirling her glass 
around in her long slender fingers. She was looking at her screen with the 
pitcher of Earth on it.

*Gluko: (Picks up the pitcher) Anyone want another glass of Earth?
All: (Hold out their cups)

"Soon... very soon...I will finely claim you...Ryoko...not for your 
head...for your heart...my love..."

Clayton: Washu is this one of your sex drug experiments?
Washu: Who me? (Whistles innocently)

Nagi said with one of her evil smirk of hers. She was known as the fearsome 
bounty hunter known in the universe.

Aisha: I think there's an echo in the fic.

"Cheow!" said ken-okie, her space ship that was also a cabbit.

" Five minutes later towards to Earth? ... Excellent ... can't wait to see 
your face Ryoko ... I will have you ... even it takes my pride and life ...I 
will have you ... my dear sweet Ryoko ..." said Nagi, taking a sip of her 
wine, still having that grin.

Gluko: How drunk is she?

MEAN WHILE AT EARTH

Darsh: (As old cowboy movie) Nancy I love you, come away with me...
Clayton: Woops (Turns the screen back to Japan)

" Well I better get going to bed now, it's getting late, I got school 
tomorrow in the morning, night." Said Tenchi, with one yawn he headed off 
towards upstairs where his bedroom is.

Gene: (As Tenchi) Can't sleep Ryoko will rape me... can't sleep Ryoko will 
rape me... Can't sleep...

" Good night Tenchi!" said every one while still watching TV.

All the girls were watching the TV, they were watching there favourite show, 
the soaps.

" Sasami, I think its time for your bedtime as well." Said Ayeka; trying to 
be the best sister she could be for Sasami.

Gluko: Didn't she once try to kamikaze Ryo-oki while Sasami was on board?

" Oooohhhhh... but" whined Sasami.

Aisha: No buts, get out of there now while you still can
Others: Now!

"No buts. Now what kind of sister I would be letting you sleep late?" said 
Ayeka, by cutting Sasami off.

Clayton: Hungry since she makes breakfast

"Ooohhh... ok, I'll go to bed now. Good night every one." Said Sasami as she 
was getting up.

"Good night Sasami." Said everyone not taking their eyes off the TV.

A half an hour had passed and the soaps had finished. In the room, all was 
remaining Ayeka, Ryoko, Mihoshi, and Kiyone. Washu left a few minutes later 
when Sasami had left.

Washu: (Prayers) Thank you!

" *Yawns*  yum yum yum..."  yawned a tired Mihoshi.

"Yeah its getting pretty late...I think we should go to bed, we gone to go 
and patrol the solar system tomorrow in the morning so we need to go and get 
some sleep." Said Kiyone towards Mihoshi while getting up.

" Ok Kiyone!" said Mihoshi, still acting the same old cheery bubbly self.

Gene: Listen to her fiz!

Kiyone and Mihoshi went up stairs together towards their room that they 
where staying in.

All: (Immitating porno music) Wowowow chickachicka wowow

"Good night guys, don't stay up too late..." with that they went off.

Arnold Schwartzeneggar: Noooooo! (Dives out of the path of the explosion)

<Yes finally, me and Ryoko, alone, maybe I can tell her form all these years 
I felt towards her> thought Ayeka.

<Oh damn! It's me and the princess alone! ... I hope she won't start another 
stupid fight of hers! >

<Its now...or never...> thought Ayeka

"Ryoko..."started off Ayeka.
"Yes? Princess?" said Ryoko, turning her face towards Ayeka.
"What happened today..." said Ayeka
"Oh yeah...well Ayeka I'm sorry about that" said an apologising Ryoko.

All: (Burst out laughing) She doesn't apologize!

"Oh no Ryoko...I'm the one who should be apologising to you, I'm the one who 
started the fight, and I never meant to get so carried away..." said Ayeka, 
while shedding a tear, form her purple eyes.
"No Ayeka, I'm the one who got carried away, I hurt you Ayeka, and what's 
even worse I was about to hurt you even more..." said Ryoko, while 
approaching Ayeka, then took a seat next to her. "I'm sorry Ayeka..." said 
Ryoko, whipping the tear off Ayeka with her finger.
"I'm sorry... Ryoko" said Ayeka, bursting in to tears.

Aisha: You are Misaki's daughter

"Ayeka please don't cry..." said Ryoko by taking Ayeka into her arms for a 
good hug.

Gene and Darsch: (Stare at Ryoko and Aeka's chests as they hug)

Both of them sat on the couch, giving each other the comfort they desire. 
After a good five minutes, one of them spoke.

"Ryoko...*sniff*" said Ayeka, trying to stop the tears.
"Yes? Ayeka?"said Ryoko also trying to stop the tears that threatens her.

Washu: (As Aeka) I'm done, get out.

Both now facing each other.

"I know this gone to sound strange but...how ... do you feel about...me?" 
said Ayeka now looking the other way, not daring to face Ryoko in the eyes.
"Ayeka..."said Ryoko, not knowing what else to say.
"Never mind Ryoko, it was a silly question to ask you that...good night 
Ryoko." And with that, Ayeka left towards upstairs.
"...Night..."whispered Ryoko, still shocked what Ayeka had said.

UP ON THE MASKI ROOFTOP

Clayton: (As Santa Claus) Let's check the list here. Ryoko... naughty. 
Aeka.... Naughty. Mihoshi and Kiyone (Hears some moans from in their room) 
Very naughty. Washu... 'oh the humanity'?
Washu: (Grins)

On the rooftop, there was someone crying, not very loud, but you could still 
hear it, through the quit night that held stars in the blue and black night 
sky.

Gene: (As Bert from Mary Poppins) 'Ello Govner...

"Why can't I say it to her? ..." said Ayeka, who couldn't sleep. Not after 
by making a fool out of her self, front of Ryoko.

Gluko: Well I wouldn't say that...

"She probliy won't feel the same way about me, she loves Tenchi, not me... 
she won't ever love me..." after that she burst out crying, but carefully 
not to wake up the house. She turned to face the stars, tears still rolling 
down her cheeks.
"...I love you Ryoko..." She saw a shooting star through the night sky, she 
closed her eyes and made a wish.
< I wish that Ryoko will love me...>

Gene: Me too
Aisha: (Hits him hard)

SOME WHERE IN THE FOREST (sorry trying to get back your attention form you 
lot)

Stepping out of the darkness, she approached the stone path, which was 
heading towards the Maski household.

Aisha: (As E.T.) About time you got here. I called for that taxi a week ago!

"Where finally here..." said Nagi in her fearsome voice.
"Cheow..." said ken-oki who turned back to its cabbit stage.
"It won't be very long Ryoko my sweet..." said Nagi with her cruel smiles.

Darsch: Kinky

Nagi covered her head with her black hood

Darsch: Really kinky

and began to move like the cheater,

Washu's computer's grammar check: Kill me!

with out making a single noise throw the air. After a few minutes later, she 
finally reached the house. She stopped. Hiding behind a tall thick tree

The men: (Clear their throats)

at the end of the stone path. She was looking if the cost was clear.

Washu: Price check!

She was about to make a step forward, she stopped. Distracted by the 
princess on the rooftop she was curies.
< Why is the princess is sitting on the rooftop alone?

Clayton: Suicide

Is that crying I'm hearing?

Aisha: Just ignore it

Maybe I should talk to her, she looks like needs to talk to someone, but... 
that will ruin my plans...awww what the hell? You only live once?

Gluko: (As Nagi) Why would SHE do this?
All: (Shrug)

And with that, she stealthy ran towards the Maski house, and climbed the 
gutter pipes, and leapt in top the air,

Computer: (Sparks start to fly)

landing behind the princess with out her knowing that Nagi is there behind 
her. The princess was still crying, Nagi felt a bit sorry for the princess. 
She approached Ayeka, looked down at her, and put her hand on the princess 
shoulder.

"W-what?..Whos there?" said Ayeka who was a bit startled by the touch.
"Hello princess..." said Nagi, only this time not using her mocking tone, in 
fact...the tone sounded... caring.

All: Bullshit!

" *gasp*

Clayton: (Gives the fic an inhaler)

...Nagi..." said Ayeka who turned around, and was surprised to see who it 
was.
"Yes Ayeka its me...do not be afraid, I'm not her to hurt you or any one 
else." Said Nagi, while taking a seat next to the princess.
"Then why are you here?

Clayton: (As Mills Lane) Let's get it on!
Washu: (Slaps him)

Surly you're here to take Ryoko away form m...I mean form us."

All: (As Nagi) Don't call me Shirley (Look at each other in surprise)

Said Ayeka who stopped just in time to make Nagi not notice.
"If I was here to take Ryoko away form you, I would of done it a long time 
ago" said Nagi as she watched the stars.
"Then why are you here?" said Ayeka who was getting a bit curies.
"I'm here to visit Ryoko, to tell her something." Said Nagi, still watching 
the stars.
"And that maybe..."said Ayeka, who wanted to know the answer.
"Sorry princess, but I think I tell you that piece of information later..." 
who smiled a little.
Ayeka turned to watch the stars with Nagi. After a few minutes of silence, 
Nagi felt something hit on her shoulder. She turned around to see what it 
was, but found the princess fast asleep on her shoulder.

Washu: Damn (Writes on her pad) Causes extreme narcolepsy in subject C and 
extreme personality changes.

Nagi smiled, those rare caring smiles of hers.

Gluko: I count two so far

She gently picked up Ayeka into her arms, she looked into the window, seeing 
her little sister there fast asleep.

<Maybe that's her room> thought Nagi.

Nagi slowly approached the window, sliding it open with her foot, trying not 
to drop Ayeka. She went inside, saw the empty futon, she laid Ayeka in it, 
and covering her up with the covers. She was about to leave, when something 
touched her shoulder. She turned around to see who it was. Sasami.

"What you doing her Nagi?" said Sasami, who was fully awake.
"I'm sorry little girl but can we talk out side? Your sister is sleeping." 
Said Nagi.
"Sure..."said Sasami, who went off to the balcony.

Gene: If she explains the facts of life to Sasami I am out of here

Nagi shut the door behind her, not trying to wake up the princess. When she 
completely shut the door, she approached Sasami, who was looking at the sky.

"So Nagi? ...What brings you here?" said Sasami turning her face towards the 
hunter.

Darsch: Her libido and a cabbit

"I'm here to tell Ryoko something" said Nagi, Sasami looked at her, who was 
wondering what it might be.
"Do you want to tell me?... You don't have to if you don't want to." Said 
Sasami, who acting the caring person she always was.
"No, it seems I can trust you, you promise that you won't tell no one?" said 
Nagi was facing the young princess.
"Promise" said Sasami who was all ears.
"I'm here to tell Ryoko that, I'm no longer trying to kill her..." said 
Nagi, who turned her face towards the stars.
"Is that all?..." said Sasami, who wasn't completely convinced.
"No, and I all so want to tell her that...that...I...love her..." said Nagi, 
who closed her eyes after those words she had said.

All: (Prepare to leave)

"Nagi...I don't know what to say, but, good luck" said Sasami with a 
heart-warming smile.
"Thank you, Sasami."Said Nagi, with a smile returned back to the young 
princess.
"Nagi? Have you got any where to stay for the night?" said Sasami, changing 
the subject.
"Nope expect, Ken-oki"said Nagi
"Well what about if you stay here for the night?" said Sasami with her 
smile.
"Are you sure?... I don't want to impose" said Nagi
"Don't worry! Its no problem, I've got a extra futon, and there's plenty of 
room in me and my sis room." Said Sasami, going back to her giggle old self.

Washu's computer: (Implodes)

"Thank you Sasami, your such a nice person, I wish there's more people like 
you out there." Said Nagi, now patting gently on Sasami's head.

Clayton: Well if you want I could have Weber send Rei over
Aisha: Or Botan
Gene: Or Tsunami
Darsch: The princess in my show looks a bit like Aeka

THE NEXT MORNING

" *Yawns * mmm...such a beautiful morning, funny, Ryokos not here to give me 
her good morning of hers." Said Tenchi while stepping out in the balcony to 
take a deep breath of the morning freshness. " Aaaww well... why am I 
complaining... at least there's one morning she's not trying to seduce me."

Gene: (Fake cough) Coughcoughgaycough

Said Tenchi turning back to go to the bathroom. "Better get ready for 
school, don't wanna be late." And with that he shut the door behind him of 
the balcony's.

IN AYEAKS AND SASAMI'S ROOM

"Mmmmm.... huh? ... How did I get in to my futon?... was I dreaming all of 
that?

Clayton: (As the Jockey from the Simpsons) No dream, lose the race fat boy

... But it looked so real..." said Ayeka to no one particular.

"Oh well, guess I better get ready for today, maybe this time I can tell 
Ryoko how I feel about her" and with that Ayeka went to the bathroom that 
she shared with Sasami.

AT THE BREAKFAST TABLE

In the kitchen, Nagi was sitting quietly at the breakfast table, sipping her 
tea. While Sasami was cooking the breakfast for everybody. While this, there 
was two very happy cabbits

Aisha: At least somebody is doing it

sitting in the corner chatting away, sharing their carrots together.

"Good morning every one!" said Tenchi doing his daily greetings.
"Good morning Tenchi! Had a nice sleep?" Said Sasami, doing her daily 
greetings as well.
"Yeah I did, thanks" said Tenchi still looking at Sasami.
"Good morning Tenchi" said Nagi while taking another sip of her tea.
"Nagi!...what are you doing her?" said Tenchi, a bit startled.

Gluko: Look what I found! (Holds up a bag with the missing letters and 
punctuations from the story in it)

"Relax Tenchi, she's only here visiting, that's all." Said Sasami.
"Is that all? Whys that?" said Tenchi not completely convinced.
"Because Ken-oki there wanted to see Ryo-oki, that's all." Said Sasami, 
making sure not to tell Nagi's secret.

<Nice save...> thought Nagi.

Clayton: Uh... whatever

"Oh ok, good morning to you Nagi" said Tenchi.
"Good morning" said taking another sip of her tea.
"So Sasami where's the others?" said Tenchi
"Mihoshi and Kiyone are gone to portal the solar system, and Washu said she 
eat her breakfast later because she's doing one of her experiments and don't 
want to be disturbed

Washu: I need to have a serious talk with Sasami's language teachers

and Ryoko and Ayeka are still up in their rooms." Said Sasami going back to 
her cooking.
"Oh ok" Tenchi looked at his watch and said " Oh no! I'm late!

Gene: He is a girl!
Aisha: So who is the father of Tenchi's baby?
All: (Think of the rest of the male cast on the show and feel ill)

I'm sorry Sasami but I have to skip Breakfast!" and with that Tenchi ran 
off.
"Tenchi wait!" said Sasami holding Tenchi's lunch.
"Yes Sasami!?" said Tenchi stopping before he went to school.
"You forgot your lunch" Said Sasami

Gene: It's a box lunch

"Thanks!" Tenchi grabbed his lunch, and ran off again.

Gluko: Meep meep

<Interesting...> thought Nagi finishing her tea.

With a few minutes later, Ayeka had came down the stairs, noticing Nagi, it 
wasn't a dream last night. Taking a seat next to Nagi she said

"Good morning Sasami, Nagi." While sitting down.
"Good morning Ayeka! Slept well?" said Sasami, doing the finishing touches 
on the breakfast she was making.
"Very thank you..." said Ayeka.
"Good morning princess" Said the hunter.
"Good morning, by any chance? Was you the one who placed me in my futon?" 
said Ayeka facing towards Nagi.
"Yes it was, you fell asleep on my shoulder, so I brought you back towards 
your room." Said Nagi, not cracking a smile.
"I thank you for that" said Ayeka, doing a little bow.
"Think nothing of it" said Nagi, now showing a caring smile.

And with that, Ryoko showed up.

"Good morning... every...Nagi!" said Ryoko powering up a beam sword.
"Ryoko stop that! She's only her because Ken-oki wanted to see Ryo-oki." 
Said Sasami, while putting the plates down on top of the table.
"Oh...I see...well, morning to you Nagi" said calming down a bit, sitting 
opposite Ayeka.

(Hormones begin dripping from the walls)

"Morning" said Nagi, with her smile replacing with a smirk.
"Good morning Ayeka" said Ryoko with a smile.
"Um... Good morning Ryoko." Said Ayeka with a little smile and a blush.
"Breakfast is served!" said Sasami putting the breakfast on to the table.

IN SPACE

Aisha: No one can hear you scream
Clayton: Moan
Darsch: Pant
Washu: Groan
Gluko: Um... (looks at the fic again) Oh... gasp
Gene: Welcome to the dark side

In space, Kiyone and Mihoshi was patrolling around the solar system, in 
Yagami. The space ship that they do mostly their work in. Inside the ship, 
both of them were sitting in their seats. Kiyone doing some files on the 
computer, while Mihoshi was staring at her again.

<Ok she's staring at me again, what is it?... Is there some thing on face?!

Gene: not yet

... Well I don't know, but I'm gone to find out!> and with that Kiyone said.

"Is something wrong Mihoshi? Lately you've been watching me, are you sure 
theres nothing wrong? You can tell me Mihoshi?"

< *sighs * Its now or never...>

" Kiyone?" said Mihoshi, looking at the teal-haired women eyes.
"Yes Mihoshi?" Said Kiyone who stared back.
"There is something I wanted to tell you, but it's quit hard"

All: (Laugh)

said Mihoshi, turning towards the window that showed Earth.
"Well you can tell me anything Mihoshi" said Kiyone.
"Well I've been meaning to ask you that... how do you...I mean... feel 
about? Said the blond.
<Wow! Did she just say that? Well she's ok I mean, she nice, caring, ... 
cute...beautiful...sexy.... WHAT AM I SAYING! I'M NOT LIKE THAT! ...Ok have 
to find a answer quick! Or else she thinks I don't lo...WHAT!? Where did 
that came form!? What am I saying!? Do I really feel about that towards her? 
Well we have to find out. >

Clayton: (Bangs his head on the wall. Read Karaoke Night in the lemon 
section to find out why.)

"Mihoshi...I don't know what to say..." said Kiyone, while getting up, 
approaching towards the blond Detective.
"Its ok Kiyone, you don't have to say anything, you've ready gave my answer" 
said Mihoshi, who was starting to cry.
"No Mihoshi... I haven't ..." said Kiyone, stopping behind the blonde.
"Yes you have, its clear... you hate me..."said Mihoshi, now bursting with 
tears.
"No!... I don't Mihoshi, your wrong, I like you Mihoshi ..." said Kiyone, 
while turning the blonde around to face her.
"Really?" said the blonde now looking towards the women in front of her.
"Yes really..." said Kiyone, looking towards the blondes blue eyes.
Mihoshi was staring into her eyes deep, she wanted to say those three words, 
those three simple words.
"I LOVE YOU KIYONE!" said the blonde quickly turning away, as if fearing her 
own death.

Washu: Well Kiyone is going to lay eggs in her head

Closing hers shut.
<WOAW! Never expect that! ... Now what? ...Do I feel the way about her? 
...Yes...I do...its finally happening, we soon to be together my love.>

Darsch: That was a cogent, intelligent, and well worded thought. Who is 
that?
Gluko: She's so smart!

"Mihoshi ... look at me..." said the teal-haired women.
"I'm sorry ... I'll be quiet..."said the frightened blonde.
"No Mihoshi, ... I'm glad you said that because, ...I...I...I love you too 
Mihoshi."
Said Kiyone, while cupping the blondes face with her hands. Both moving 
closer, both closing their eyes, both meeting their lips. They stayed in 
that passionate kiss, dancing with each other's tongues, tasting each 
other's mouth.

<She taste so nice! ... What now? ...What I spouse to do? ... Do I make love 
to her now?>  Thought Mihoshi, while still kissing Kiyone.

Gene: Yes! Do it now! Now!
Darsch: (Knocks him out)
Clayton: That was cruel
Darsch: I know

< My god! ... I'm kissing her! ... Shit! Never thought I would love Mihoshi 
... Damn! It was obi verse!

Obi-wan: (Appears) Use the force Kiyone...

Why couldn't I tell her a long time ago, I thought it was just a fling, I 
thought all girls get that with other girls. Any ways I should forget the 
past, as long as I'm with Mihoshi, I'm happy ...but what comes now?

Darsch: You do

...>

Slowly Mihoshi reached to the buttons of Kiyone's uniform, undoing the first 
button she was stopped by Kiyones hand. Kiyone, breaking the passionate 
kiss, spoke up to the blonde Detective who was now her lover.

Aisha: Isn't that a little premature?

"No Mihoshi, not yet, we still have to finish patrolling."

All: (Jaws drop in shock) What!?!

Said Kiyone with a smile, looking deep in to her lover's eyes.
"Ok Kiyone but, when do we get to, um... you know, it" said Mihoshi with a 
blush with those innocent child like eyes.
"Soon I promise, but we have to work first, k?" said Kiyone now letting go 
Mihoshi, going back to her work to finish it off.
"Ok Kiyone! I'm glad we got that out! I love you Kiyone." Said Mihoshi, 
sitting back to her seat, next to her lover, while looking at her.

Clayton: Now don't start that again!

"I love you too Mihoshi." Said Kiyone with a smile, giving each other a 
small peck on the lips, and resuming back to their work.

AT THE MASKI WOMEN'S ONSEN

At the Onsen, Nagi was they're taking a nice long bath after the nice 
breakfast she enjoyed.

Gluko: Did you wait a half hour?

But Nagi was very in deep thought about what she will say to Ryoko.

<Ok, hi Ryoko sorry for trying to kill you past these years, but I really 
like you... no! That's stupid!

Darsh: Agreed

I'm not going say that! Um...What about, Ryoko I like you a lot so much that 
I will give anything for you, ... mmmm ... getting there ... >

"Aaaarrrrgggg!!! I never thought this was gonna be that hard!" said a rather 
annoyed Nagi, who splashed the water with her fist.

"What's gonna be hard?" said a nude Ryoko, Floating over the water in front 
of Nagi, while putting her hands on her hips.

Washu: It's Peter Pan!

"Oh nothing, what are you doing her anyways?" said Nagi hiding the blush 
that in fact she is looking her nude, trying to look at her face and not her 
breasts.

Gluko: She isn't doing a very good job of it

"Same as you are, having a bath." Said Ryoko, who was looking at Nagi's 
breasts.
"Oh, well I guess I be leaving then, seeya..." said Nagi, who was about to 
get up.
"No, don't worry, I don't mind you're here, as long as you don't kill me." 
Said Ryoko with a smile, and was dipping in to the bathe with Nagi and lying 
down next to her.
"Ok then, so, Ryoko, How have you've been past these few years?" said Nagi 
who was starting up a conversation.
"Ok, I guess..." said Ryoko with a frown.
"You guess? ... What do you mean by that? Is there some thing wrong?" said 
Nagi now facing the frowned Ryoko.
"Oh there's nothing wrong ...well look at the time, I better get going." 
Said Ryoko who was about to get up, but Nagi grabbed her arm gentle. Not 
letting her go.
"No Ryoko, there is something wrong, come on tell me, you might feel better 
by telling me." Said Nagi, letting go her arm.
"Oh ok, you win, but you better not tell no-one!" said Ryoko not sure to 
tell her.

Aisha: (Kicks the plot) Work damn it!

"I swear Ryoko, you got my word." said Nagi.
Both of them now lying down relaxed, while Nagi is looking at Ryoko, and 
Ryoko looking down at the water.
"Ok how can I put this, um, you know that I really like Tenchi right?" said 
Ryoko

All: No!

"Yeah..."said Nagi, a bit joules of the boy, because she loved him instead 
of her.
"Well, I um don't think I love him anymore..."said Ryoko now closing her 
eyes.

Everyone: (Faints)

"Oh?"Said Nagi, who was a bit happy. "Is that all?" said Nagi, who wanted to 
know more.
"No... in fact there's two people now I really like..." said Ryoko not sure 
to tell he now.

Washu: Noboyuki and Yosho?

"Oh? And who may that be Ryoko?"Said Nagi with a bit of hope in the 
question.
"Well theres, Ay....Ay.... Ayeka." Said Ryoko, still her eyes closed.
"Oh...Ok and whose the second person Ryoko?" Said Nagi with a bit 
disappointed voice. But with a little hope to see who the second person was.
" *Sighs * ... you ..." whispered Ryoko.
<YES!! ITS ME!!> Thought Nagi with the victory smile. "Ryoko, I didn't know 
you felt about me like that...in fact I'm glad you do."
"Huh? Really? Why?" said confused Ryoko, facing towards the hunter.

Aisha: Three guesses
Gene: (Wakes up)

"Because...to tell you the truth Ryoko...It's not because of ken-oki I'm 
here..."said Nagi, still with the smile.
"Then why?..."said still a confused Ryoko.

Gluko: (Wakes up) Mihoshi?

"Well I came her to tell you that, I'm quieting our little chase..."said 
Nagi now facing the water.
"Is that all?" said Ryoko.
"No...in fact...I came here to tell you how I Really feel about you..."said 
Nagi, facing back to Ryoko.
"Really feel about me?... what do you mean about that Nagi?" said Ryoko with 
a little hope what she might think it is.
"I mean...I like you Ryoko...in fact... I think I ...I...I...lo...lo...love 
you." Said Nagi with a bit a blush, facing towards Ryoko.
"Nagi...Nagi! I'm so happy!" said Ryoko, now hugging Nagi.
"Me too Ryoko...me too..."said Nagi hugging back Ryoko, who liked the feel 
of the pirate's breasts against hers.
"Nagi..."said Ryoko pulling back away from Nagi.
"Yes ... my dear?" said Nagi looking in to her lover's golden eyes.
"I still like Ayeka..."said Ryoko, who turned away a bit.
"I know Ryoko, but I do love you." Said Nagi.

Gene: (Sits up) My libido sense is tingling!

"Yes I know...how much I want you now, I don't know who to choose." Said 
Ryoko.
"Well maybe this will change your mind..." and with that, Nagi pulled 
Ryoko's face gentle towards her, and gave the biggest passionate kiss she 
ever gave.
Both of them opened their mouths slightly, and with that, Nagi slowly put 
her tongue in her lover's mouth. Slowly dancing with each other's mouth,

A teapot on a shelf: (Sings songs from Beauty and the Beast) Tale as old as 
time...

they parted away, after a minunte.
"That was incredible!" said Ryoko gasping for air.

Clayton: (As announcer for infomercial) Yes but that's not all. It can also 
make fries!

"I know my sweet, but I can do more incredible things than just a kiss..." 
said Nagi with a sly smile.
"...Take me...now..."said Ryoko, who wanted her right now.

Darsh: We never would have guessed.

"Hehehe...as you wish my love..."and with that, Nagi kissed Ryoko on the 
lips.

Slowly parting away, Nagi showered kisses upon Ryoko's neck, Ryoko giving 
little gasps

Gluko: I called it!

with every kiss that Nagi gave. Taking this as a delight, Nagi gave a little 
lick on her neck, causing her to shiver her a bit. Magi

Washu: Gift of the Magi?

slowly going down until she stopped at Ryoko's well formed breasts.

Washu: Thanks, they took a while to get right

Taking the harden nipple into her mouth, Nagi gentle sucked it with 
pleasure, meanwhile her other hand slowly went to the left breast and 
started to massage it gentle, and rubbing at the top with her thumb causing 
another gasp and moan form Ryoko. Ryoko, who couldn't take any more of the 
tease, she gentle put her hand inside of Nagi's hair until she reached her 
skull and gentle moved her down to her cunt who was screaming for Nagi's 
pleasure.

"I want you.... inside...of me...Nagi..."said Ryoko between gasps.

Gene: So she is thinking about Tenchi

"Un patient aren't we?...*smirks*

Aisha: When did we get to a chat room?

I was gone to go there anyways now..." and with that, Nagi slowly went to 
Ryoko's now wet cunt.

Nagi slowly took her hands away form Ryoko's breasts, and slid them down 
Ryoko's stomach, along with her head and she stopped at the wet cunt, while 
her hand stopped at Ryoko's hips for support. Licking her lips, and with a 
smirk, Nagi slowly approached the cunt, parted her pussy lips with her tong

Clayton: She's using tongs?

she approached her pussy hole. Entering it with her tongue she heard a soft 
gasp form Ryoko. Knowing she is enjoying it, she completely stretched her 
tong as far as she could

All: (Watch as it turns out she has a tongue like the Aliens in 'Alien')

, when she did, she went in and out of Ryoko, first slowly, the faster and 
faster, picking up pace. Hearing the gasps and moan form Ryoko, Nagi pushed 
her self even further and went even faster. After about two minutes 
straight, Nagi felt Ryoko's muscles tightened, and with a loud scream, Ryoko 
finally climaxed. The liquid came out like a small river on to Nagi's tong. 
Nagi gratefully liked how Ryoko tasted, Nagi hungrily eat it.
While doing this, the screamed that Ryoko made, some one had heard it.

AYEKA AND SASAMI'S ROOM

Ayeka was at her futon, reading a book but heard the scream, which Ryoko had 
made.

" *GASP * what was that?... It sounded like Ryoko! ... Oh no! Maybe she in 
trouble? ...Nagi! ..."

Aisha: (As Captain Kirk) I've... got to help... (Looks out the window) 
There's something on the wing!

And with that, Ayeka chucked the book away and ran to the hallway, stopped 
in the middle of it. She turned her head to side-to-side, seeing if she can 
look for any sign of Ryoko. No she didn't, but she heard moans of her...

"Ryoko?..." Ayeka was curies
and with that she fallowed the moans, until she reached the women's bath. 
The door was slightly open, and with that, Ayeka took a little peek throw 
it. She was shocked!

Gluko: Yay! He turned the power back on (She and Washu fight over who gets 
to hold the door handle)

. She couldn't believe it with her eyes. She saw Ryoko and Nagi making love. 
She was furriess and heart broken at the same time.



She wanted to go in there and kill Nagi, but she can't, she knew whom Ryoko 
really loved, and she knew it wasn't gone to be her, so she stand up 
straight and walked of, soon she was far away, ran of crying. She went to 
her room; she opened the door and shut it behind her. She went on top of her 
futon, crying out loud in to her pillow, she never felt like this before, 
she felt like she just been turned apart, her heart all walked over. After 
about 10 minutes of crying her heart out, looked around, she saw a desk, she 
couldn't take this any more, and she only knew one thing to do.

Gene: Suicide?

She stood up, walked of the desk, took a seat, a pen and paper, and began 
writing what she felt.


Dear Ryoko-
	I have enjoyed being your friend, even it didn't seemed like it, but to me, 
you were the greatest friend I could ever ask for. Too bad we couldn't be 
more than friends.

Aisha: Of course now Tenchi is free...

I remember the first time we met. It was at my royal garden. When you were 
making a flower chain. I saw you, so I went up to. You looked at me with 
those golden eyes of yours. You asked me if I want to join you, of course I 
did, I didn't had many friends back then. I think it was then I felled in 
love with, of course I couldn't tell. I was too scared to tell you. You came 
every day in the garden to visit me, we played, and have tea parties, and we 
mostly down every thing together. We where the bests of friends then.

Clayton: Ah, now this could have made a good story.

But about after a few years later, you stopped visiting me. I thought I done 
something wrong. I thought you didn't like me anymore. But when came back, 
you was under Kagato's control.

Clayton: And now we're mixing universes

I was shocked and heartbroken. You attacked Juri.

Washu: Isn't she on Digimon?

But I knew it wasn't your fault. But when we met again, I was so happy; my 
heart just skipped a beat.

Gluko: Didn't she try to blow up Tenchi's house and then kill them all?

But I saw you all over lord Tenchi, I was heart broken again. So since then 
I was jealous that you loved him, not me. Every body thought that I loved 
him also.

Washu: At last, an explanation!

So I played along with it, while bearing my feelings for you. But once I 
couldn't go along with this lie I had to tell you. But I was afraid again. A 
faired that you will reject me. A faired you will laugh at me, and I would 
not be able to face you again.

Clayton: (Passes Washu some cotton candy)

But today Ryoko, all of the hurtful things in the past that happened came 
flooding back all at once. My heart was crushed Ryoko. You chose Nagi. I saw 
you two making love.

Gene: Should have joined in

And I'm even more sorry of me for not telling you that I loved you sooner. 
As for now dear Ryoko, you won't see me anymore nor anyone else. Please tell 
everyone that I love them very much and miss them dearly. Please tell my 
father and mother and aunt Fahano that I will miss them very much. And 
please take care of Sasami; she always looked up to you.

Aisha: She is only three feet tall

Your probley think you don't know what I am talking about. I'm talking about 
that I will no longer live, for that I cannot handle no more pain in my 
heart Ryoko. Heh...you was right Ryoko,

Darsch: Welcome to Jerry Springer's hooked on phonics

my destiny was towards the grave...good bye my sweet Ryoko...

P.S
I hope that you will live happily with Nagi, I'm sorry it wasn't me to live 
with you.

I all ways love you,
---Ayeka

With that, Ayeka fold up the letter that she wrote and wrote Ryoko on the 
front. She got up and went out of her room, and went quietly down the hall 
and went to Ryoko's room. She opens the door, walked in, and closed it 
behind her.  Ayeka went up to Ryoko's bed and placed the letter on the 
pillow, and then she took of her Juri headband and placed it next to the 
letter. She saw the window in front of the bed; she opened it, and went out 
side and closed it gently.
She carefully jumped of the roof, and ran off to the woods.

Gene: (Crying into the camera) I am so scared...

Running along on the path, shedding tears on to the stone path, giving a 
trail on the path of tears, she ran for five minuets, until she stopped, 
reaching to the cliffs. She was gasping for air, but still shedding the 
tears. She reached the end of the cliff, and then stopped at the end. Her 
hands together closed, is resting on her heart. The tears rolling down her 
cheeks and dropped on top of her hands.

<Good-bye my love> she looked back at the Maski House one more time. She 
looked in front of her. The sun was setting in to the mountains, the sky was 
mol tie colured by the rays. The calm lake was sparkling. She parted her 
hands,

Clayton: Let my people go!

and stretched them in mid air. <I will all ways love you my sweet, I truly 
hope that you will live happily with your true love...> with one glance at a 
image of Ryoko and her happily making flower chains in the royal garden in 
her head, and one last tear she will shed. She took one step forward, <good 
bye Ryoko> and fell...

Aisha: Tsunami, resurrection!
Tsunami: Not again! (Groans and brings Aeka back to life) Next time just get 
the damn dragon balls

The End...

The guys: (Watch as the girls take turns playing with the door knob)
Darsch: Next time you call me it had better be a better story or I'll turn 
your blood to dirt
Clayton: Okay

Author notes: ...oh Ayeka...I hope you have a better after 
life...*cries*...I hope that was a good story

Washu: The story was okay as far as lemons go.

...please give me feedback to see what you people thinks of this...

Gluko: Done

is it good?

Gene: uh...

Bad?

Clayton: Kinda

Or heart full?

Aisha: Pointless sex, no story, and suicide.
All: (Leave)

... please I don't mind, at least it will be wroth something for Ayeka's 
death... ;_; ... Thank you...




