MST of: For The Love of Kiyone

         A sliding metal door opens and sitting at the helm of 
what appears to be a little spaceship, is a tall black-haired 
bearded man, with long hair. He is the captain, his name is 
PHAW410653! Of the 25th of 2/4 century! 
                              
       PHaw: Shit! Spilled my Big Gulp! (Cleans up mess)
                  
       minutes later....
                        
       PHaw: Greetings! I am PHaw, brave, handsome captain of the 
Starship Barwhore! 
                   My mission, to boldly and hilariously MST fics 
that noman has MSTed 
                   before! Joining me will be my guests! See I 
stole... er... borrowed Alexander's
                   technology. So I can now pull various 
characters from various and multiple 
                   anime stories and even some made-up characters. 
                                   
          From behind him a young womanly hand grabs him by the 
shoulder...
                     
       PHaw: Oh I'm such an ass, meet my companion... Devil Girl!
                              
         A pretty red-skinned woman appears from behind him. She 
has bat wings sprouting 
          from her back. Her hair is silver-blue. She has a blue & 
green crew outfit on.
                        
       DGirl: Whatcha doin' PHaw? 
       PHaw: Talkin' to the reader.
       DGirl: Where?
       PHaw: Right Here! (points to reader)
       DGirl: Oh! Hi! (smiles)
       PHaw: I don't know what the hell she is... but godammit! 
She's hot!
       DGirl: Are you gonna show me yer little Captain Kirk? ^_^
       PHaw: (Red-faced) Um.. not here Devil Girl... we have 
guests!
       DGirl: Oh.. yeah.
       PHaw: Today, we shall be reading the Lemon Story, involving 
Kiyone and Tenchi. 
                  It's called, " Interlude: Make Love to Me"...
       DGirl: OKAY!! (Pulls shirt off) 
       PHaw: I was reading the title my dear...
       DGirl: False alarm?
       PHaw: Yes..... joining us will be the guest from the story, 
" Damn Lemons ", Dark 
                   Mike. From my Alkurna series. (Long story) Also 
Maxim will be joining us!
       DGirl: Anyone else? 
       PHaw: Glad you mentioned that, Pretz; from the Final 
Fantasy Animes will be joining 
                   us. Also Kagato from the OAVs of the Tenchi 
Series. 
       DGirl: Isn't it OVA?
       PHaw: OAV, OVA... what's the god damn difference? NOW LET 
THE FUN 
                   BEGIN!! (presses button)
        Out of nowhere, a Light Blue haired, Dark Blue skinned boy 
of 17 is dropped right in 
      from of PHaw and Devil Girl. 
                            
       PHaw: Welcome Dark Mike! 
 DarkMike: Where the hell am I? I was busy fightin!
       PHaw: You're going to help us MST a Lemon Fanfic!
 DarkMike: Sorta like that one time you had me visit Tenchi in 
Damn Lemons?
       PHaw: Correct! (Pushes Button)
                  
       Again, out of nowhere, a Green Haired, goateed man with a 
gray T-shirt and blue pants is dropped right in front of PHaw.
                      
       PHaw: Hello Maxim. 
      Maxim: Wha? Where's Kiyone! We were about to make love! I 
was finally goin'
                  to be in a lemon and you fucked it up for me!
       PHaw: Sorry. (Pushes button)
                                   
              A blue-haired youth with a small pigtail hanging 
from the back of his head appears right in front of PHaw. 
                       
      PHaw: How ya doing Pretz!
        Pretz: Um... fine. I guess.
     Maxim: Holy Shit! You... You sound just like Tenchi!
      PHaw: Now that you mention it... yeah! He does! (presses 
button)
                     
       A gray-haired man pops out of nowhere! 
                     
     Kagato: NO TENCHI!! DON'T KILL ME!!! huh...
      PHaw: Sorry... cut it a bit too close there.
     Kagato: I'm... I'm Alive! 
      PHaw: Get used to it kid, when this is over I'm sending ya 
back where you just where.
     Kagato: What?
      PHaw: Devil Girl will explain the situation to you.
                    
      Pretz walks up...
      
      Pretz: Where's Alexander?
      PHaw: Ohh... nowhere. I am just borrowing this equipment.. 
Well, we've stalled too 
                  much. Let the Carnage begin!
               
      Kagato: Ready... I guess.
DarkMike: Me too. I'll get you for this Mike!
      Pretz: Here we go again.
    Maxim: We watching a lemon? Cool! Tities! Tities!
      DGirl: Ready!
           
A Tenchi-Muyo fanfic by Keiichi Masaki
(Keiichi_dono@hotmail.com, keiichi-dono@geocities.com)
                    
     Kagato: What the hell is this! Who tells you their name? You 
might send hate mail to 
                    them. Or trace it to their house and kill 
them!
       PHaw: I guess this guy thinks his fic is a work of art. I 
know the feeling.
 DarkMike: (writing) Let's see... that's Keiichi_dono@hotmail.com. 
Alright! I got his  
                   number!
                                      
Tenchi and Kiyone Masaki (did I hear a collective faint?
       
       PHaw: I'm fainting... help me... it's such a crappy 
concept... hurk!
 DarkMike: Uh... PHaw? You okay?                  
      Maxim: huh? Kiyone! What're you doing? You're my girlfriend!            
                   
Good!), as well as the rest of the
cast from Tenchi-Muyo!, are the property of Pioneer and AIC.
                   
     Kagato: Pioneer.... that sounds so familiar!
       DGirl: Oh! You're awake PHaw.
       PHaw: What'd I miss?
      Maxim: Nothing.. it's just started!
       PHaw: DAMN! I was so close!
        
        Author's note/rant: This is my response fic to Dr. Tran's
challenge on the FFML,
and to a similar one made at GenSao's this weekend.
Ten-Kiyo fics are my stock in trade
                            
       PHaw: Lame stock!
 DarkMike: (in a hick voice) Gee thanks... hiyuk!                
                           
(no apologies whatsoever to the RFFC), and so, being the
High Priest of the Temple of the
Teal-tressed Goddess
                        
       PHaw: I see we have a cultist on our hands.
      Maxim: People worship Kiyone?                  
                        
, it falls to me.
               
(Author ducks rocks and bricks thrown by various RFFC
members
                       
       Dark Mike throws a rock at the screen...        
                                         
bearing the words "traitor" and "heretic")

  DarkMike: I'd call him more worse words than heretic and 
traitor!
                                           
Well... on with the fic:
                                             
 Interlude: Make Love to Me....
                                      
       DGirl: Okay (pulls shirt off again)
       PHaw: Not here Devil Girl!                            
                                 
 (Warning: as indicated by the chapter's title, this
installment contains scenes of a
graphically sexual nature.
                             
  DarkMike: Oh! I didn't know that! I wouldn't have possibly had 
known that! Even 
                    though the title said Make Love to Me, I just 
didn't realize it!                                     
                                        
  However, none of the sex in here
is violent or nonconsentual,
                                 
      Maxim: Ugh! Words too big to read!                                      
     Kagato: Hold it in! Hold it in! There you go! Feel better?
      Maxim: Thanks!     
                        
 and
intended as a depiction of love between two young people of
legal age.  I'll try to make it as
tasteful as possible.)
                                 
  DarkMike: Tastes good!   
                             
 "Mmm...." Tenchi had never felt this good about morning
before.
                             
      Maxim: Must've banged Ryoko last night!                         
                               
 Of course, he reflected, I've never had this angel beside
me to wake up to....
 He shifted slightly to watch Kiyone sleep.
                            
      Maxim: NNNOOO!!! (Pissed off!)                             
       PHaw: Calm down Maxim! Calm.. down...
      Maxim: Say it ain't so! Say it ain't so!                          
                              
  Always beautiful,
                      
      Maxim: Grrr...                       
                                
even early in the morning with mussed hair, she looked
positively angelic now.
                                   
      Pretz: Damn! Good wording!
      Maxim: SHUT-UP!!
                            
A small, content smile curved her beautiful lips upward.
                            
       PHaw: (to Devil Girl) Reminds me of the face you made last 
night!
       DGirl: (giggling) Behave!       
                                       
Sensing Tenchi's movement,
she shifted too, snuggling closer to him.
                              
     Kagato: Wow! She's a slut!
      Maxim: Grrr...                          
                                   
 Soon she became aware of his attention and opened one eye
sleepily.
"Mmm.... morning, Tenchi-yon."
                           
      Maxim: Dammit!
                            
   "Good morning, Kiyone--I mean, Kiyone-yoni."
        
  DarkMike: And Cheese! 
                              
 He kissed her
                
      Maxim: Sniff... Sniff.. Why me?
       DGirl: Sorry Maxim. (pats him on the back)
                        
on the forehead.
"Morning's never felt so good before."
 "Morning or bed?" she asked teasingly.
 "Both." Tenchi gently caressed her cheek. "Part of me
wonders why we
didn't do this before."
              
      Maxim: Cause he knows pretty damn well I'd kill him!
  DarkMike: I'll help ya! 
                                  
 "And I can guess which part," Kiyone quipped playfully,
reaching under
the covers to tickle the specific item.
 Tenchi groaned, feeling his body react to her
ministrations. "Oh, god....
m-maybe you sh-shouldn't do th-that.... it's still
re-recovering...."
                                
      Maxim: After I'm through with him it'll take alot of 
recovering! Damn Author! 
                             
 Kiyone arched a teal eyebrow.  "Really?  It feels recovered
to me...."
 "Kiyone-yoni...."
                                  
  DarkMike: And Cheese!
                                      
 "All right.  I'll let it rest.... for a little while." She
rested her head
on his chest. "Still, I know what you mean."
 Tenchi wrapped his arms around Kiyone. "Last night.... I
still
can't quite find the words to describe it...."
 "Don't worry about it.  Just hold me...."
                                   
      Pretz: Reminds me of what me and Linaly do!
      Maxim: oooohh man... shut-up Pretz!
     Kagato: You're right! (angered) He does sound like TENCHI!!
      Pretz: Hold on Kagato! I'm Pretz... not Tenchi!     
     Kagato: Shut-up Tenchi!
                     
 "Forever...." Tenchi settled back into the bed, letting the
events of
the prior evening--or earlier that morning, if one wanted to
be technical--replay in his
head, the events that had lead to he and his ladylove being
snuggled
together like this, wearing naught but the sheets....
               
      PHaw: Kling! Simply Irresistable!
      Maxim: That does it! I'm going to kill him!
  DarkMike: Whoo-hoo! A public ass-kicking! I love those! Can I 
help?  
      Maxim: Okay.. I'll need help taking care of the girls while 
I kill Tenchi!
                             
* * *
                                 
 "Tenchi-yon?"
 "Yes, Kiyone-yoni?"
                                   
  DarkMike: Give me some CHEESE!!!
                                     
 "Make love to me."
                              
      PHaw: DAMN!!! He's quick! Hardly even knows the girl and she 
already wants to                     
                 have sex! Takes me at least a week!
      Maxim: Yeah... Tenchi gets all the girls! I'm getting 
screwed here! I ain't getting any
                   pussy!
      Kagato: Why not try Ryo-ohki! 
      Maxim: You sick fuck! I don't do animals! Well... there was 
that party... but...
                                                         
 "Huh?!" Tenchi looked at her in shock. Not that the thought
hadn't crossed his
mind--in fact, he had been doing his best to ignore those
urges--but still.... "A-are you sure?"
                            
      Maxim: No. She really meant to ask me!
                                 
 Kiyone smiled. "Tenchi-yon, the first thing you need to
learn about Megamian women
                
     PHaw: Great! That's all we need... a Megamiesh woman...
  DarkMike: Funny... she doesn't look Megamiesh!  
                             
is that they never say 'make love to me' unless they're
absolutely sure."
 "And what's the second?" Tenchi asked lightly.
 "One step at a time, Tenchi-yon...."
                       
 The next step was Kiyone's bed.
                         
     PHaw: He's Quick! It takes me at least two weeks to get into 
the girl's bed.              
                       
 In all the times that Tenchi had been on Yagami, both
before and after he and
Kiyone had become a couple, he had never been in her
bedroom.
                              
      Maxim: I have been in her bedroom. Not much there!
     PHaw: So you've calmed down?                                      
      Maxim: For right now... at least.
                                                             
  In the rest of her quarters,
sure, and in her bedroom in his house, but never on Yagami.
They had never spoken of it, and
she had never made any real effort to keep him out, but he
had simply never been in there.
It was almost as if it was someplace sacred, someplace that
he had to prove himself worthy
before entering....
                                 
      Maxim: It ain't a fuckin' Japanese Temple! It's just a 
girl's room! It don't take much
                  to get into Kiyone's room. I know from 
experience!
                                      
 "What're you thinking about, Tenchi-yon?" Kiyone asked, 
                          
  DarkMike: It ryhmes with sock!  
      Pretz: He's thinking with his little sword!                
                             
 the hand not in his
resting on the translucent curtain that separated her
bedchamber from the rest of her quarters.
                            
      Maxim: Huh? What the hell was he trying to say here?
     PHaw: I don't have a one clue! 
                                            
 "Just.... that this is the first time I've ever been in
here," he answered,
blushing slightly.
 "Huh?" Kiyone was confused for a moment, then her features
softened
as she realized what he meant.  She squeezed his hand.  "I'm
sorry if I've been keeping
you out."
 "No, it's okay." Tenchi squeezed back. "I just figured that
when the time was right,
we'd be here."
                              
  DarkMike: (Annoying little voice) I don't wanna wait... for our 
lives to be over..    
                                       
 "And here we are," she said, softly pulling the curtain
aside.
 It was a fairly typical-looking bedroom, with a dresser,
closet, and nightstand
situated around the bed.
                                               
      Maxim: What the hell was he expecting? An ancient greek 
temple? Or some Arabian
                   bedroom? It's just a regular good old-fashioned 
bedroom!

  The closet door was half-open,
                                   
     PHaw: Inside was Jason Voorhees; ready to kill them both with 
a machete!
                            
showing Kiyone's dress uniform hanging
neatly.  Tenchi was a little surprised to see a plush cabbit
doll resting on the bed next to
the pillows.  "It's a nice room."
 Kiyone was blushing slightly.  "Well, sit down, make
yourself comfortable...."
                    
      Kagato: This is stupid! Tenchi ain't like this! I've seen 
that little tard at work! He ain't 
                   some dashing cassanova! More like a dashing 
DUMBASS!
     PHaw: But he killed you! Didn't he?                 
      Kagato: What?
     PHaw: Nothing... I was talking to Dark Mike!                  
  DarkMike: Whu?
                        
She gestured at the bed.
 Tenchi watched his fianc,e as he sat down.
                                 
      Maxim: They're engaged? I didn't know that... did you guys?
     PHaw: Nope! 
      Kagato: I had no idea!
      Pretz: Don't look at me!                  
  DarkMike: I don't have a fuckin' clue!
     DGirl: I sure as heck didn't know.            
                     
  "Kiyone-yoni are you okay?"
                            
  DarkMike:(mimicing Kiyone) I just got some cheese stuck between 
my legs!
                        
 Kiyone nodded as she seated herself next to him, leaning
against him as he wrapped an
arm around her. "Yeah, I'm okay."
 "Nervous?" he asked--well, nervously.  This was his first
time, after all.
 "Yeah, a little, but about two things." She shifted around
and faced him. "Tenchi-yon,
you're the second man that's been in here."
                         
      Maxim: That's right Tenchi! Little asshole... 
                                
 Tenchi nodded, gulping.  His future wife or not, Kiyone was
five years older than
he was.  She had never talked much about her past relations
with other men, and he hadn't
felt it his place to inquire.  He didn't--he couldn't--fault
her for being with someone else;
he was merely a little jealous that he wouldn't be the
first. "Kiyone-yoni, whatever happened
before I met you is none of my business."
 "I know, and I appreciate that, but when you said you'd
marry me, you
agreed to take all of me, including my emotional baggage....
                                                      
      Maxim: Oh! So now I'm emotional "baggage"!
     PHaw: Shut-up Maxim! This is not the Kiyone you're in love 
with! This is a story!      
      Maxim: I know.. but I just don't like seeing Kiyone with 
other men! She's mine!
                                        
anyway, there was a
young man, who I met at the Academy." Kiyone paused to gauge
Tenchi's reaction, then
continued. "Akito and I were very close,
                             
      Maxim: Akito? She never mentioned a guy named Akito!  
                            
 as close as you and I are in some ways.  We had
even broached the subject of marriage.... and had almost
become engaged the night we made love."
                             
  DarkMike: (Singing) In the Spaceship, Kiyone's Spaceship, the 
Tenchi gets layed 
                    tonight!      
      Maxim: Oh shut-up! Stop rubbing it in!
                    
She smiled softly. "He was a lot like you, you know.
                        
      Maxim: Dumb, stupid, and a shy little asshole? Who can't 
keep his hands off other
                  guys' girls?   
                                   
  Very sweet, kinda shy.... he had actually
bought the ring...."
                    
  DarkMike: (Mimicing Akito) I won it at the Olympics! I need four 
more now!
                                   
 Not sure what to say or feel, Tenchi asked, "Wh-what
happened?"
                         
     DGirl: The usual... Guy finds more better girl! Or the other 
way around! 
                                 
 Kiyone sighed. "We were going to have dinner that night,
and.... I already
knew about the ring, knew what he was going to do, and knew
my answer....
                            
      Maxim: (Mimicing Kiyone) No Akito! I've met Maxim! A real 
man! He isn't as shy 
                   as you are you little loser!
      Kagato: Let it go! She isn't cheating on you! This is a 
fanfic! Get over it!
                                                                                    
but he was called away by Vice for a drug bust.  He assured
me that it would be over quick
and kissed me good-bye.  He never came home."
                                         
     PHaw: Must've been flying on the Starship Voyager!  
                              
 Now Tenchi was really unsure what to say.  So he did the
first thing he could think
of: he hugged Kiyone tightly.  After a moment she leaned
against him, sighing. "I'm sorry,"
he whispered.
 "It's okay," she whispered. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have
dumped that on you
                            
  DarkMike: Yeah! Should've pissed in his hair!   
                              
now.  I've long since come to terms with losing Akito, but
I've never been in love since....
until I met you."
 "I feel the same way about Maya and you," Tenchi whispered,
kissing her
gently on the forehead.  A thought occurred to him.
"Kiyone-yoni, if you don't want
to do this tonight, that's perfectly fine--"
                               
      Maxim: Okay! Good! Save some for me!
     Kagato: Note to self... never read love stories about your 
enemy.. they make you lose 
                  your lunch!
     PHaw: In yer case it causes you to lose half your body!
     Kagato: HUH?!?!                                       
                                                                                      
 "No." Her voice was firm, but was also accented with
longing.  Her
sapphire eyes met his of mahogany,
                                  
      Pretz: Let's build a bridge a bridge out of his eyes!
                                             
 and he read more of that
longing, mixed with a
hint of mischief.
                            
     PHaw: What.. she turned into Sasami all of a sudden? 
                                  
 "Tenchi-yon, for the last six months, I've
wanted to get you in here.
I was just waiting for you to make the first move."
 "You what?!" Tenchi sputtered, unsure whether to
disappointed at the
missed opportunities or elated that she really did want him
as much as he wanted her.
"B-but why....?  One of the things I love most about you is
your forthrightness."
 Kiyone turned a cute smile upon him,
                               
     DGirl: OUCH! That must've hurt! 
                                  
 the one she used when
she had gotten something
out of Tenchi that he hadn't even realized he'd forked over.
                                             
     PHaw: HIS IMMORTAL SOUL AND HIS TESTICLES!!! 
                                            
"I know, but after all the
madness you've had to put up with, I thought you would
appreciate the traditional approach."
                                           
  DarkMike: Good ol' fashioned AX MURDER!!! 
                                                         
 "I don't know if I appreciate the approach, but I do
cherish the motives--and
the woman who executed them." He turned her chin upward
slightly and brushed his lips
against hers.  She sighed her contentment into his mouth,
and the two lovers held the kiss
for a long moment.
 Finally Tenchi broke the kiss, albeit reluctantly. "You're
sure you want to do
this tonight?"
                              
     PHaw: Well, if she already has his immortal soul and his 
balls.. then I guess she must
                    want to have sex then... 
                                       
 Kiyone caressed his cheek. "Absolutely." She abruptly stood
up. "I'll be right back."
 Tenchi was surprised (naturally). "Where're you going?"
                                             
      Maxim:(mimicing Kiyone) To go get my power tool!
     DGirl:(mimicing Tenchi) Your what!?  
                                  
 "To take a shower," Kiyone answered brightly as she
gathered up a small pile
of clothing.
 "Huh?!  But you already took one...."
                                          
  DarkMike: Let's take it together! C'mon! Ryoko and Aykea do it 
all the time!     
                                      
 "I want to get ready for you," she told him.  There was
even more teasing
in her voice now.
                                 
      Maxim: Tenchi hates being teased!  
                                   
 "Y-you know," he said softly, not trusting his voice, "I
wanted to undress
you myself our first time...."
                       
     DGirl: (Mimicing Tenchi) But now my erection is gone... bye! 
                           
 "Don't worry, you will," she assured him.  There was a fair
amount of
desire mixed with the love in her eyes, promising a tiring
but fulfilling night.
 "Wh-what do you want me to do in here?" he asked.
                              
      Pretz: Watch Sick German Fetish porn!
                                     
 "Like I said earlier, make yourself comfortable.  I'll be
back soon...."
She leaned down and kissed him on the forehead (ironically
enough, on the very place
that he would kiss on her forehead).
                                       
      Maxim: You know... she's really lookin' for the spot where 
she'll eventually stick a 
                   rail spike through his head!
                                             
With that, she was gone, 
                                        
     PHaw: With the wind!      
                                   
and Tenchi fell back on the bed, his head already swimming with 
images of Kiyone in
the shower.... and, for once,
he wouldn't have to take a cold one to purge those thoughts.
                        
      Maxim: Too bad Tenchi don't drink! That's my job! 
                                    
 By the time twenty minutes had passed, Tenchi was as
comfortable
as he could make himself.  His clothing had begun to feel
constrictive
                         
      Maxim: Nope! That's Kiyone's pet Anaconda wrapping around 
his neck!
  DarkMike: Or it's one of Washuu's Tenctacles from that one lame 
Lemon a year ago!     
     DGirl: No Need For Tentacles...
                                             
(nervousness combined with.... something else), so he had
stripped to his shorts
                                
      Maxim: OH SWEET JESUS!! COULD THIS GET ANY WORSE?!
     DGirl: Honey! It's moving! Ew!
     PHaw: HELP!! I'm BLINDED!!! 
  DarkMike: Ya know, for a Kiyone cultist, this guy really loves 
Tenchi alot!
                               
and stretched out on her bed.
                              
      Pretz: AHH!! He's an hemaphordite!
    Kagato: Note to self! Don't ever EVER read one of these 
stories again! 
                                       
 Why are you so nervous? he asked himself.
 As if you didn't know, he answered back.  I'm going to be
making love for
the first time with the woman I love and will marry!  Why
shouldn't I be nervous?!
                          
      Maxim: Cause you know I'll jump out of nowhere and kill you 
till you die from it!
                                       
 "Hi, Tenchi-yon."
 Tenchi looked up, and his eyes widened.  Kiyone was
standing in the entryway
to the bedroom, wearing a white button-down shirt that came
down to her knees.
                         
     PHaw: RUN!! She's a fembot!!   
                                  
She was patting at her still-wet hair with a towel, and her
skin was slightly reddened
from standing under hot water.
 As far as Tenchi was concerned, she had never looked
sexier.
 She smiled and approached the bed.  "I see you've made
yourself comfortable."
                                       
  DarkMike:(Mimicing Tenchi) Um.. how can you tell?.... oh! Don't 
mind that thing! It has
                    a mind of it's own!  
     DGirl: It's possessed!
                                                                 
 "I see you've made yourself irresistible," he replied,
pulling himself
into a sitting position.
                                     
     PHaw: Must've taken alot of effort!   
                              
 "I'm sorry I don't have any champagne or anything to
offer," Kiyone
apologized as she climbed onto the bed, kneeling in front of
Tenchi.
                                 
    Kagato: LET THE VIRGIN SACRIFICE BEGIN!!!     
                                
 "The only thing I want is you," he whispered hoarsely,
                           
     PHaw: Watch it! He may have an STD!! He's been with Ryoko! 
You never know!
                           
rising on his
knees and taking her by the shoulders, his eyes burning into
hers.
                          
    DGirl: That must've hurt!! I hate it when the guy burns my 
eyes with his!
                                    
 "That's exactly what I wanted to hear," she replied,
meeting his
lips with hers.  Upon contact, their mouths opened slightly,
just enough to allow the
other's tongue access.
                                         
    Kagato: I'm leavin! 
     PHaw: SIT DOWN!!   
                              
  After a few pleasant moments of
osculation, 
                                   
      Maxim: Another BIG word! God this guy must be using 
Websters! 
                                      
Tenchi gently pulled
away from her lips and began to nibble his way down to her
collarbone. 
                             
     DGirl: OW!! Her collarbone?
                                   
 Her sighs grew louder.
 Their hands were equally busy.
 Kiyone's hands were working their way up and down Tenchi's
chest.  While he
wasn't a muscle magazine cover boy, he was naturally wiry
                                           
      Maxim: So he's like Steve Urkel?  
                                        
and practicing kendo since he
was old enough to move and swing a bokken at the same time
had kept him trim.  She shifted
her legs slightly, spreading them open to allow Tenchi to
kneel between them.
                       
     DGirl: ON YOUR KNEES!!!   
                                           
 For their part, Tenchi's fingers were quickly undoing the
buttons of her shirts,
probing underneath, acting on his desire to undress his
beloved himself.
                                 
      Pretz: Well... it's great to know that he loves himself!  
  DarkMike: I love myself! 
                                                                         
  Under the shirt
was a pair of lace string bikini-style panties and a lace
bra,
                                               
    Kagato: She wears panties on her breasts?
     PHaw: I think he meant to say she was wearing panties on her 
lower extremities!
                                                   
 both just a shade lighter than
Kiyone's hair. 
                                            
      Maxim: Why does he care about the color of her bra and 
panties?           
                                                         
 His eyes widened; while he and Kiyone had made out a number
of times, this
was the first time he'd seen her so close to completely
naked. 
                                        
      All of the men: PUSS!!! 
                                                 
 Her body was athletic
and very well-proportioned; no supermodel or idol singer
could have bettered her.  She
was beautiful all over.
                           
      Maxim: For once the auther makes a good reference to how 
Kiyone actually is!! 
                                  
 He was about to keep kissing down her body when his eyes
fell upon
a pendant resting between her breasts.
                                                         
     PHaw: And only someone like Tenchi would actually take the 
time to look at a 
                pendant while having sex! 
          All: PUSS!!!   
                                   
  "Hmm?" He disengaged
his lips and took
a closer look at it.  It was silver, heart-shaped locket
with the characters for
"Kiyone" engraved just above a perfect rounded stone that
looked like a cross between a
sapphire and a turquoise.
                              
  DarkMike: I guess he has totally forgotten about the sex! He's 
more interested in this
                   little pendant than his "Wife"!
                                        
 "Tenchi-yon, why'd you--oh, I see." Kiyone, her
arousal-flushed
face a close analog of her fianc,'s, looked down and saw the
object holding his
attention.  "I see you found it."
                                    
     Kagato: All of her past lovers' heads!!!
                                                       
 Tenchi gently fingered the locket, somehow ignoring
the fact that it rested between a  rather impressive pair of
breasts.
                                 
     PHaw: Again! Only Tenchi would stop having sex to look at a 
measly little pendant!      
    Maxim: Guess he doesn't notice the breasts!
                               
 "It's beautiful.
I've never seen you wearing it before."
 "And how often would you have been in a position to see
it?" Kiyone laughed softly.
At his flush of embarrassment, she leaned down and kissed
his head.
                               
      Pretz: Alot of head kissing! And that's not a sick joke 
either!
                                       
 "I'm sorry, darling.
That's a pendant that Megamian women traditionally wear when
they expect their lover to propose."  After the proposal,
the two make love, and then he puts it on for the rest of
his life."
                         
  DarkMike: So he can't pick up chicks anymore? He's getting the 
shaft!
     PHaw: You're talking about Tenchi here! 
  DarkMike: Oh yeah! I forgot about him... the little wussy!   
                                         
 "Oh?  So you were expecting me to propose tonight?" Tenchi
chuckled.
                             
    Kagato: NO! In two years! OF COURSE TONIGHT!!!   
                                               
He felt like he should have been a little insulted, but instead
he felt rather amused.
"My wife knows what I'm gonna do before I do."
                           
      Pretz: He's finally learned something about how a wife acts! 
                                  
 "Yes, I do," Kiyone replied coyly, wrapping her arms around
his neck. "And what
you're going to do right now is start kissing me again."
 "Yes, my lady...." Tenchi's mouth resumed nibbling on her
collarbone,
                            
     PHaw: Must be a vampire or sumthin. I'd never nibble on a 
girl's collarbone!
     DGirl: You did last night!
                       
as his hands went around her back, coming together in the
small of her back.
                              
      Pretz: They must have mutiple arms... cause their arms seem 
to be doing alot of 
                wrapping around stuff.
                                           
One braced itself against her spine while the other began to
gently tug at the strap
stretched horizontally across her back.
 Kiyone giggled. "Tenchi-yon, the hook's in the front." To
demonstrate, she
pushed him away gently and reached between her breasts,
deftly unsnapping the hook.
The bra fell into her lap, exposing her rosy pink nipples.
She shifted slightly, causing
her generously-sized bosom to bounce invitingly.  "There.
Is that better?"
 "H-hai...." Tenchi picked up his pace, working his lips
down to the upper
curves of her breasts in ten seconds flat (no pun
intended). 
                               
  DarkMike: I don't get it! What's the joke?  
                                 
 Just as quickly,
his lips slipped over one erect nipple, gently caressing it
with his tongue.
                                   
    Maxim: He's finally realized what those two big balloon 
objects were in front of his   
                 face!
                                          
 "Ahh...." Kiyone arched her back, closing her eyes.  She
dug her fingers into
Tenchi's shoulders, her nails breaking skin.  Neither of
them cared.
                        
     PHaw: Ow! That's a gusher!! 
    Maxim: Regular men would have thrown the girl off of them! 
That sort of thing hurts!!                              
                                        
 Tenchi's lips were now encircling the other nipple, and
were now proving a theory.
                           
     PHaw: That he's not gay?
                                          
One of his friends in high school, a boy who was what
Americans called a "player," had
once confided to him that each girl had their own unique
taste. 
                               
     DGirl: Mine's Rocky Road!
                                       
 This was after
he and Maya had parted ways, and he couldn't remember her
having any real taste....
 ....but with Kiyone, it was as if all his nerves were
sharpened to the
nth degree--including taste.  And if his senses were working
right.... his fianc,e
tasted like peaches and cream.
                                    
  DarkMike: Let's make a sundae out of her!! 
                                         
 "Ungh.... Tenchi-yon...." Kiyone pushed herself onto his
lap, effectively
                            
    Maxim: Tenchi-yon, Kiyone-Yoni... SPEAK ENGLISH!!!
                                   
straddling him, pushing her pelvis closer to his.  However,
his legs were too far
spread open to support her, and she ended up toppling onto
her back. 
                         
    Kagato: SNAP!!    
                                
 Her arms were
tightly wrapped around Tenchi, so he landed on top of her.
 Naturally, this bothered neither of them.
                               
    Kagato: Except Kiyone's spinal chord!
                                      
 Kiyone merely shifted slightly, spreading her legs and
wrapping them around
Tenchi's waist as he stretched out between them.
                          
     Pretz: Hope neither of them get cramps!
    Maxim: They must be flexible!
                      
  His lips
were now working their way back
up her body,
                                 
  DarkMike: Next floor.. Tities and lips!
                           
 finally settling back on hers.
 The fierce kissing went on for a long time before they
separated for breath.
Tenchi gasped for oxygen, then looked down at his beloved.
She was breathing
heavily, hair matted to her forehead with sweat.  Her face
was red, like his, from
both exertion and arousal; further evidence of the latter
was present in the moist
crotch of her panties and the painfully hard erection now
poking through his shorts.
                                   
    Maxim: IT'S BACK!! NOOOO!!!   
  DarkMike: This is too graphic!
    Kagato: You could hang a jacket on that thing!!! EWW!!! It's 
TWITCHIN!!! 
    PHaw: Urg... losing lunch... hurgle...
    DGirl: It's kinda cute!
     Pretz: He needs to sheath that thing!! 
                                         
 He stroked her cheek gently. "Kiyone-yoni?"
                     
  DarkMike: (In an Ash voice) Give me some Cheese baby! 
                             
 Kiyone smiled up at him and pulled her face down to hers,
                         
    DGirl: Is that even possible? Pulling your face to your face?
                                           
then whispered,
"What's wrong?"
 "Nothing," he answered shakily. "I just wanted to know that
you were ready...."
 She nodded. This was just as effective as if she'd said, "I
am.... make love to
me, darling...."
                            
    DGirl: This is too long!    
                                  
 Tenchi quickly pushed his shorts off, groaning in relief as
the pressure
of the shorts against him disappeared.  He wasted no time in
removing Kiyone's panties;
                            
    PHaw: Hulk Hogan style!  
  DarkMike: Whatcha goin to do when Tenchi erection runs wild all 
over you?
    Maxim: Castrate him!
                                                                                    
the sight of her fully exposed to him, her inner gate topped
by a triangle of aquamarine, in
itself almost brought him over the edge.
                                    
     Pretz: What? She turned into a castle?
                                
  He knelt between
her thighs and
eased himself into her.
                          
  DarkMike:(mimicing Kiyone) Welcome! C'mon in!  
                                      
 "Ahh!" Kiyone arched her back, the almost-forgotten
sensations racing
up and down her body.
 Tenchi immediately stopped.  Forcing himself to ignore the
intoxicating feel
of her, he started to pull out.
                                       
    PHaw:(in a Norm Macdonald voice) quit saying dirty things!
                                 
 "Are you okay?  Did I hurt
you?"
 "You sweet fool.... no.  Quite the opposite," Kiyone
whispered.  She reached
up for Tenchi, who leaned down enough for her to wrap her
arms around his neck again,
                           
  DarkMike: (In a wrestling announcer voice) Kiyone with the 
Blatant Choke!!!     
                                    
bring him down on top of her.  She cried out again as he
slipped back in.
"Ohh, Tenchi-yon.... that's so good...."
 "K-kiyone-yoni...." Tenchi groaned 
                                       
  DarkMike: And... And... Cheese!
                                          
as he entered her
fully.  None of his fantasies
or dreams, none of their make-out sessions, had prepared him
for the sheer rush of
the real thing, the moist snugness of her around him, the
heaving of her body beneath
him coupled with her almost-rhythmic panting.
                                     
     Pretz: Chugga Chugga Chugga!! 
                              
   Bracing his
feet against the
mattress, he slowly eased forward, the contact of their
bodies intoxicating him.
 Kiyone, her legs wrapped firmly around Tenchi, pushed
herself against him,
plunging him into her to the hilt.
                                   
  DarkMike: Pull out Bessie!! YOU'RE GOING TO BLOW!!!    
                                                     
  Another gasp of pleasure
escaped her lips, and
she closed her eyes.  After Akito had died, she had thrown
herself into her work,
burying the loneliness under a pile of arrest reports and
procedures.
                         
    DGirl: She works hard for the Money! So hard for the money!!
  DarkMike: So you better fuck her right!!    
                         
She had never seriously entertained the thought of taking up
with someone else,
never thought that she could love anyone so deeply again....
but then she
and Tenchi had spent that night talking on the roof.
 She had often wondered, and still would in the future, if
she would have made
the same choices had she known the outcome.
 And the answer was always a resounding "Yes."
 This was the culmination of six months of love, of longing,
and of need.
 And he felt so good....
 "Kiyone-yoni.... I can't hold out much longer...." Tenchi's
voice was shaking;
                            
    Maxim: This is sick!! He's going to blow!!
                                   
little surprise there.
 Kiyone herself was close to her edge. "Me too...." She
began to buck as
Tenchi increased his rhythm, going faster and harder,
pushing both of them closer....
                      
    PHaw: Look at them go sportsfans!
  DarkMike: It's really sick... but I can't keep my eyes off it!
    DGirl: Yeah! It's like a Lava lamp...
                                              
 As the moment neared, their eyes met, and Tenchi smiled. "I
love you," he whispered.
 "I love you too," Kiyone whispered back, an angelic smile
on her face.
 And then it was upon them.
                                         
         All: BOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMM!!!     
    PHaw: The nuclear bomb incinerates them both! HA HA!! Take 
that McClane! 
                              
 "Oro.... my head...." Tenchi slowly sat up, feeling rather
drained. He'd
just had the wildest erotic dream about Kiyone and him, and
he felt like it had been--
                                         
  DarkMike: But it was real! You were in it! And you! And you!!        
                          
 --"Ohayoo."
                        
    PHaw: Oh no! It's become Dukes of Hazard! We're in Ohio!!!!   
                                      
 "Oro?!" Tenchi turned, and saw Kiyone, wearing naught but
the sheets,
          
  DarkMike: Naughty!! 
                      
 smiling up at
him.  She too looked as if she'd been exercising heavily
(understatement of the year)
                          
    Maxim: and the understatement of the year award goes to... 
Kiyone!!! 
                        
but she also had a smugly satisfied look on her face....
 And then it dawned on him, that he had no reason to be
ashamed, or embarrassed,
or anything other than supremely satisfied.
 He smiled and lay down again, wrapping his arms around his
fianc,e. "Ohayoo."
                               
  DarkMike: Ol' Ohio! Ohayoo!!  
               
 "Are you sure that was your first time?" she whispered
teasingly.
 "Huh?" His face suddenly reddened, then he realized she was
joking.
"You're not just saying that to make me feel good, are you?"

 "Well, I am saying to make you feel good, but I meant it,
too.  You--"
she poked his chest gently "--were quite good last night."
 "And you--" he kissed her on the forehead "--were
incredible." He
paused for a moment, and then whispered, "Did I ever tell
you that you taste like
peaches and cream?"
                                    
    Maxim: Well, she does like shampooing with Herbal Essence.. 
                                                
 "Nani?!" Kiyone looked a little shocked,
                             
    Maxim: OH GOD!! Not the Nanny! I hate that show!!!
                                              
 then giggled. "I
don't know whether to
be amused or flattered!"
            
    PHaw: Ashamed!
    DGirl: Flattered!
  DarkMike: Both! Get to the sex again! 
                               
 "Try both.  Now...." Tenchi's left hand reached up, gently
cupping her right breast.
"....now what do we do?"
                                         
    Kagato: Do it all over again!
    DGirl: Oh God! Please No!! 
                                            
 "Now, my husband, it's time for you to learn the second
thing you need to know
about Megamian women."
 Tenchi raised an eyebrow.  "And that is?"
                                           
     Pretz: They eat the male after mating!
                                    
 She wrapped her arms around his neck, and drew her body
against his. "Once we're
married to someone.... well, let's just say that you may
need to reevaluate your
idea of a good night's sleep."
 "Would you be so kind as to demonstrate?" he asked dryly.
 "Oh, I think so...."
                                        
  DarkMike: In the Spaceship, Kiyone's spaceship; the Tenchi gets 
laid tonight!
                    
* * *
                                      
 "Ready to go?" Tenchi asked.
 Kiyone exhaled. "Yeah.  I don't know why I feel nervous.
                                  
   Kagato: Cause Ryoko and Ayeka are going to kill her... that's a 
good reason!
                                                  
All we'll be doing
is telling your dad that we've finally gone and done what
he's been bugging us about
since day one."
 "And now he'll be checking your stomach...." Tenchi sighed.
"Ah, well." He took
her hand and squeezed it gently. "Ready to go, Mrs. Masaki?"

 "I've been ready for six months," she smiled.
 "Me too."
                         
  DarkMike: Me three!
                      
 Nobuyuki stretched and yawned.  'Maybe it wasn't such a
good idea to wait up all
night for them to get back...."
 "Then why did you?" Washu inquired,
           
    PHaw: He's a pervert! That's why! Got a problem with that?      
                                 
 bringing him a cup of
tea.  Unlike Nobuyuki,
she--and everyone else in the house--
                                
  DarkMike: Kinda funny that Ryoko and Ayeka don't have a problem 
with what Tenchi
                    and Kiyone are doing!
                           
had slept soundly.
 "I wanted to tease Tenchi and Kiyone when they got home.
Last night was their
six-month anniversary, and I think he was planning to
propose, so I was expecting them
to get home late.  I guess I didn't expect them to be this
late, though...."
 "We're home!" The front door slid open, and the missing
couple stepped through.
 "Oh!  Welcome back, you two!" called out Sasami, emerging
from the kitchen. "Did
you two have a good time last night?"
 At that both of them blushed, and started to say "Yes" at
the same time.
 "I'd say they did," remarked Washu dryly.
                          
    DGirl:(mimicing Washuu) Look at the cum steins on Kiyone's 
shirt!   
                          
 "How wonderful!" Before either Tenchi or Kiyone could move,
Nobuyuki was hugging
them both tightly. "I knew it!  I knew it!" He directed his
next exultation to the heavens.
"Did you hear that, my darling Achika?  We're going to be
grandparents!"
                                
  DarkMike: Somwhere far away, Achika's rolling in her grave!
                                 
 "Dad, you moron," Tenchi managed to choke out. "At least
say hi to your
daughter-in-law!"
 "You're right, Tenchi!" Now Kiyone was being nearly
suffocated by Nobuyuki's
embrace. "Welcome to the family, my daughter!!"
                             
    PHaw: Even though Kiyone's been at that house for what 2 maybe 
three years?
    Maxim: Nobuyuki is pretty stupid! He doesn't notice anything 
at all! 
                                  
 "Dad!  You can let go of her now!"
 Nobuyuki finally released her, still crying out to the
heavens.  Tenchi caught
her in his arms. "I guess neither of us quite reckoned on
everything that the other
would bring, huh, Kiyone-yoni?"
                                 
  DarkMike: You mean you forgot the CHEESE?!?
                                  
 "It's worth it," she smiled.  "Now, could you help me up
the stairs?"
 "Of course." And he swept her up in his arms and started
carrying her up
the staircase.
 Washu sighed and smiled, shaking her head slightly as their
tired but happy voices
faded from earshot (and as Nobuyuki was now shouting his
thanks to every deity under the sun
out in the driveway).  "Ah, young love...."

Owari

    ALL: YAY!!! IT'S OVER!!! IT'S FINALLY OVER!!!
                                    
     Maxim: Time to go back home and bone Kiyone!!
     Kagato: Thanks for that lovely image!
     DGirl: Bye! Thanx for visiting!
     PHaw: Good Luck Kagato! You'll be dead in 10 seconds when you 
get back!
     Kagato: WHAT!? (disappears)
                                              
     Dark Mike and Maxim disappear too. Along with Pretz...

     Later on...

       Devil Girl and PHaw410653 are this pretty big pink bed...

        PHaw: (Singing) Let's do it like they do it in the Fanfics 
baby!
                                                
                        THE END

Author's notes:
One word about this, in the words of Kenshin Himura:
"Oro...." This is the first--and last--lemon I'm gonna post
to the FFML. If you want
My thanks to Chris Carlson and Mark Eymer for their
prereading and suggestions,
and to Long H. Tran for the challenge that has brought me
thus far.

List of songs listened to during the writing of this (in
hopes of
explaining my state of mind ^^):

"Kiss Me" by Sixpence None the Richer
"Yakusoku wa Iranai" by Maaya Sakamoto
"Take My Heart," "Never Surrender," "Everything in My
Heart," "Going Home,"
"In Your Soul," and "Chase the Sun" by Corey Hart (yeah,
yeah, I'm half-Canadian)
"Rain" by Ryotaro Okiayu
"If You Asked Me To" by Celine Dion (which, upon closer
inspection, seems as
good a theme song as any for this series)
"Leave A Tender Moment Alone" by Billy Joel
"Heart of Sword" by T.M. Revolution
"When I Feel This Way" by Beth-Nielsen Chapman

Oh, and one more thing: Kthardin, your doujinshi was
probably responsible for this too.
Thought you'd like to know. ^^

     DarkMike: Time to go kill Keiichi!!!






            THANKS FOR READING THIS!!! I ENJOY THE FAN-MAIL!!!

                                                                                       
---- PHaw410653@aol.com














      What?  







     






















          YOU CAN STOP IT NOW!!!



      THAT'S IT!!!! IT'S OVER!!! GO BACK TO THE ARCHIVES!!!!

