
I like to MST the good stories, but sometimes it's just too easy---- Clayton 
Overstreet

Msters
Clayton Overstreet
Ryoko Masaki
Tenchi Masaki
Washu (Adult form)
Bit Cloud
Lina Toros

Hannible Smith: Okay, we got your guys for you. (Pulls Tenchi, Ryoko, and 
Washu in chains) Wheres the money you owe us?
Clayton: (Pays him off) Thanks
Ryoko: (Glares) Creep
Tenchi: You didn't have to blow up my dad's car
Washu: Or my lab
Hannible: (Hands them over and grins) I love it when a plan comes together 
(Leaves)
Ryoko: So where are Aisha and Gene?
Tenchi: (Looks at Bit and Lina as he sits down) Hi
Bit: Hello
Lina: Glad to meet ya
Clayton: Aeka was showing Melfina how to do S&M and I guess the others 
forgot the safety word. They've all been hospitalized
Washu: Spare us the details and get this over with
Clayton: Anyway I got Bryan and Glyph's wedding present from these two so I 
called them up
Lina: He's paying us three times the normal ammount


Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi or any other characters residing at the
Misaki house. They all belong to Pioneer/AIC. I am not making any money off
of this story so please don't sue me.

Clayton: I used to use a similar disclaimer

Author's notes: This story is set in the OVA reality after Manatsu no Eve.

Bit: Speak English!

I
am writing this with no idea of what's going to happen. I am just going to
let the story develop. I hope it will turn out to be worthy of your time.

Ryoko: Probably not, but we don't have a choice

I
am sure you have heard me babble enough

Lina: No, please do go on

so on to the story.

                          Fragile Heats, Chapter 1

                                  by Leeman

Tenchi: Didn't he write the fic we MSTed first?
Clayton: Yep
Bit: So does this guy like jeans or something?

Tenchi awoke to the sound of knocking on his bedroom door. He rolled over to
get up, but he didn't realize that he was already on the edge of his bed. He
landed on the floor with an ooomf, and he cursed himself for being so
careless.

Tenchi: May I turn into a frog (Is turned into a frog)
Ryoko: Mom!
Washu: Just kidding (Turns him back)

He turned on his lamp, but the brightness hurt his eyes, and he
quickly turned away from it.

Bit: (As a gremlin) Brightlight!

As he blinked to adjust to the light, he made
his way to the door. He opened it to find a sobbing Sasami looking up at him
while wiping her eyes.

Lina: (As Sasami) They won't let me out of the kitchen!

"Did you have another nightmare, Sasami?"

"Yes Tenchi. I'm sorry to bother you again, but may I sleep in your room?"
She said in between sobs.

Ryoko: I hope it isn't the one about the curious anteater
Tenchi: Ryoko, you promised not to tell anyone about that!
Others: (Stare at him)

"Sure Sasami." He wondered what could be causing all of the nightmares she
had been having lately.

Clayton: Too much rich food before bed

This was the third night this week she came to his
room, and it was only Thursday. She always said she couldn't remember what
happened in her dreams, but whatever it was really frightened her.

Washu: Actually the dream was about her being cast on Card Captors
All: (shudder)

He picked
her up and carried her into his room. He placed her on his bed and tucked
her in.

Tenchi: Don't let the bed bugs paralize
Lina: Huh?
Washu: Some of my specimens got out

He then pulled out some blankets from the closet and laid them out
on the floor in the center of the room. He then grabbed a few pillows and
prepared to go back to sleep.

Bright rays of sunlight pierced through the window curtains causing Tenchi
to wake up.

Bit: Dang moths

He yawned and stretched then trudged into the bathroom. He never
slept well on the floor, but he was just too kind and caring to make Sasami
sleep on the floor. His kindness was a curse and a blessing at the same
time. Because of it he had five gorgeous girls living with him (I don't
consider Sasami or Ryo-Ohki gorgeous)

Clayton: Adult form?
Ryoko: Don't you go giving him ideas

, but it also caused him grief because
he always put others before himself. After he finished his shower and
brushed his teeth, he went back into his room to make his bed, put away the
blankets and pillows on the floor, and get dressed.

Washu: Busy busy busy

After he accomplished
this, he headed downstairs. As he neared the bottom of the stairway, he
waited for Ryoko to glomp him, but it didn't happen.

Ryoko: What? Why not?

He then remembered that
Ryoko hadn't been herself lately.

Tenchi: (Groans) Not again!

She hardly even acknowledged his existence
in the past two weeks. She spent most of her time with Mayuka, or off by
herself. The only time he saw her was at meals. He sighed. He missed the
warm greeting Ryoko used to give him every morning, although it would
usually result in a nosebleed when she rubbed her chest against him.

Bit: I'd kill to have pretty girls around to do that
Lina: What about me?
Bit: You heard me (Is hit)

"Good morning, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka said with a big smile on her face.

Tenchi: Yikes that's creepy!

"Good morning, Miss Ayeka," Tenchi replied with a half smile. Ayeka had also
noticed that Ryoko wasn't paying as much attention to Tenchi as she usually
did. She also tried to capitalize on this by flirting with him much more
frequently.

Washu: How much more frequently can they do it?

"You look very handsome today." She said with an even bigger smile.

Tenchi: Think Ryoko will like it Aeka? I really want your opinion
Clayton: That's cold
Ryoko: She's seven hundred. She should be used to it

"Thanks...I think." He scratched his head. He liked Ayeka, and she was very
beautiful, but she wasn't really his type.

Bit: Or his species, age, or sane

He could just picture himself
married to Ayeka. He would be king of the most powerful empire in the
universe, Jurai. He would be waited on hand and foot, and Ayeka would be by
his side constantly. She would basically tell him how to dress, speak, and
act.

Lina: Hypocrate
Bit: Look who's talking (Is hit again) Ow!

He could just hear her say, "Now Tenchi, you must act like a king at
all times. I will not allow improper behavior from a man of your status.

Ryoko: As opposed to trying to ram your spaceship into him and firing 
without warning

You
surely don't want everyone to talk about us as if we were mere commoners,
now do you?"

Clayton: Nothing wrong with being common
Bit: Yeah

He shuddered at this thought. Ayeka was sweet, but her
upbringing and the fact she was related to him by blood, turned him off to
her advances.

"Lord Tenchi?"

"What is it, Miss Ayeka?"

"You were zoned out."

"Oh, sorry." He muttered sheepishly.

"You missed breakfast today, and that devil woman ate up your share."

Clayton: You mean Rosanne?
Ryoko: No, me. You're thinking of She-devil
Clayton: Oh yeah

"Wow, I slept later than I thought," he muttered. "I have to get to work on
the fields. See you later."

"Bye Lord Tenchi." He headed for the door, when he realized how hungry he
was. He turned around and went to the kitchen. He opened the refrigerator
and grabbed some ham and cheese. He looked on the counter and spotted the
bread, and he made himself two sandwiches. He headed for the fields as soon
as he was finished eating.

Bit: Shouldn't he wait half an hour?
Tenchi: No that's swimming

Mayuka giggled as Ryoko changed her diaper.

Washu: So would I. I've seen Ryoko try to change a diaper

Ryoko had been her full-time
caretaker ever since Ayeka had fallen asleep while watching her.

Lina: In Aeka's defense she was watching Mayuka discover her power of 
hypnosis
Ryoko: That is no excuse

Ryoko had
managed to grab the infant just before she fell out of her crib headfirst.

Bit: I'll bet that's what happened to Noboyuki

She then yelled at Ayeka who wasn't too happy about being scolded, and she
announced to everyone that she would be completely responsible for Mayuka
from then on. After she changed her diaper, Ryoko dressed her and decided to
take her outside. She scooped the baby up in her arms and flew through the
roof and up into the beautiful blue sky. She soared high and did loops in
the air. Mayuka loved every minute of it and giggled in utter delight.

Clayton: Moo!

Ryoko
then began to sing her song, "The Lonely Moon," and Mayuka giggled even
more.

All: (cover their ears and scream) Mommy make it stop!
Ryoko: (Growls at them) Knock it off!

Tenchi just happened to look up into the sky, and he noticed the pair. He
couldn't help but smile.

Washu: (checks her list) Well my new version of prozac seems to be working

They looked just like a mother and daughter. He
could easily picture Ryoko, Mayuka, and himself as a loving family. He
pushed these thoughts out of his head and just enjoyed watching them. Ryoko
flew close enough for Tenchi to hear her sing, but she was so involved in
the moment with Mayuka that she didn't notice. Tenchi had only heard her
sing once before, and he was amazed at how beautiful her voice was.

Ryoko: Somebody is getting a special treat tonight
Tenchi: (Gulps) Clayton, could you reserve me a room in the hospital?
Clayton: You got it

It was
the sweetest thing he had ever heard. He just stood there, afraid to move as
he listened to her song. He couldn't help thinking about his mother, Achika,
and how she used to sing to him. He shed a tear at the thought of his
mother.

The girls: Awww!

He missed her so much, and he wished he could have had more time
with her. When Ryoko had finally finished singing, she looked down to see
Tenchi staring at her. She blushed and then realized that he had heard her
sing. She was extremely embarrassed by this, and she quickly flew back to
the house. Tenchi just watched her until she was out of sight.

"Mihoshi, you idiot! Now look what you've done!" Kyonei

Bit: Okay now we know he's Clayton's friend. They both spelled her name 
wrong

screamed at her air
head partner. Mihoshi had been using her control cube to get a glass of
water.

Lina: One day she's going to let Pinhead free with that thing
Tenchi: Poor Pinhead

She succeeded in materializing the water except for the fact that the
glass appeared right above Kyonei and spilled on her head.

"I'm so sorry, Kyonei. I didn't mean to!" Mihoshi wailed. She got up to help
her partner dry off, but she tripped over her own feet and fell flat on her
face. Washu, who had witnessed the entire event, began to laugh
uncontrollably.

Washu: (laughs uncontrollably)
Others: (Join in)

"Ouuuucccccchhh." Mihoshi groaned. She pulled herself up and fetched a towel
for her partner. Washu finally regained her composure and brought up her
holotop computer. She fiercely typed in commands, and waited for a few
moments. An evil grin spread across her face.

Clayton: Run for your lives! (Takes off)
Others: (Still chained to their chairs) Help
Washu: (grins evily)
Tenchi: (Tries to take the easy way out by strangling himself with his 
chains)

Author's notes: I bet you are wondering why Ryoko would ignore Tenchi or
what Washu is grinning about, aren't you?

Clayton: Kinda
Ryoko: It is fairly out of character

To be honest, I am too. I will
fill in most of the gaps in the next chapter.

Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi or any other characters residing at the
Misaki house. They all belong to Pioneer/AIC. I am not making any money off
of this story so please don't sue me.

                          Fragile Hearts, Chapter 2

                                  by Leeman

Bit: Father of Buddy Lee, spokesman for Leevis

Ryoko put Mayuka in her crib, and she prepared a bottle for her. She
couldn't believe she had been so careless while singing to her. She could
just picture Tenchi and Ayeka laughing their heads off about it. It was hard
for her to face Tenchi after that night a little over two weeks ago. She had
sung Mayuka to sleep after changing her diaper. Then she went to watch
Tenchi sleep.

Lina: Why?
Ryoko: Well when he dreams his toes actually spell things out like a magic 8 
ball

It relaxed her, and made her feel warm inside to gaze at his
peaceful state of sleep. She phased in above him, but he was by no means
sleeping peacefully. He tossed and turned for a while, and she considered
waking him up. She could just hear him scold her though, and she thought
better of it. This went on for about ten minutes before something snapped.

Washu: Gene would have made a lemon crack at this point

He suddenly became very calm. She was happy that his nightmare had finally
ended. Then a very mean scowl spread across his face, and he uttered the
most painful words she would ever hear. "I hate you, Ryoko, and I never want
to see you again."

Tenchi: (Once again tries to take the easy way out as Ryoko turns to him)

It hit her like a ton of bricks.

Clayton: (As Roger Rabbit) You wouldn't know funny if it hit you like a ton 
of bricks (Is hit with bricks)
Washu: (Puts her computer away) I'm not bad, I'm just drawn that way

She sat in utter silence

Lina: He must have one of those word a dat calendars with 'utter' on it

for an extended period of time. His face had immediately returned to a calm,
peaceful state after he said this, but Ryoko felt as if she had been stabbed
by a thousand jagged-edged blades.

Ryoko: And trust me, that hurts!

A tear traveled down her cheek and was
followed by many more.
He had told her he hated her once before, when she
had torn his mother's kimono, but all was forgotten when Tenchi forgave her
and told her he said that out of anger. But this time he told her in his
sleep! That meant he really did hate her, and he only put up with her
because of his kindness.

Ryoko: I can live with that

She decided to leave in that moment. She phased out
of the room and reappeared outside.

"Come Ryo-ohki!" She commanded. Ryo-ohki phased through the wall in Sasami's
room and landed at Ryoko's feet. Ryoko picked up the cabbit and was ready to
throw it in the air so it could transform into a spaceship. However, she was
stopped by the cries of Mayuka who had probably wet herself again. Ryoko was
then hit with a realization. Tenchi wasn't the only person in the universe
she cared about anymore. Ryoko felt guilty about the way she treated the
adult Mayuka when she was under Yuzuha's control.
It was, in a way, the same
situation she herself was in when Kagato had control of her.

Ryoko: Only Yuzuha was nicer
Tenchi: (Hugs her)

Her guilt was
what compelled her to help take care of her at first, but soon she became
attached to the little girl.

Washu: (Checks her list) Superglue working great

As she spent more and more time with her, she
realized she loved her like a daughter, and she would protect her at all
costs.

Bit: Do I hear fifty?
Lina: Fifty!
Ryoko: Seventy five!
Washu: hundred and ten
Ryoko: Too rich for my blood. Here's her diaper bag

She decided she would stay for Mayuka's sake, and she would avoid
Tenchi whenever possible because of the pain it caused her to even think
about him.

Tenchi commenced work again, but he really wasn't paying attention to what
he was doing. He couldn't stop thinking about Ryoko. He cared for her a
great deal. He missed her perfect smile and beautiful golden eyes.

Clayton: (Hefts his pick) There's gold in them there eyes!

He missed
her flirting with him. What could have happened to stop her advances toward
him?

Washu: Nothing in this universe
Ryoko: Damn right!

Had she lost interest in him?

All: Fat chance!

He decided he couldn't work anymore until
he talked to her.

Bity: Slacker!

He threw down the hoe and began walking towards the house.

Clayton: Then Aeka picked herself up
Tenchi: (frowns) You know she is still my aunt
Aeka's disembodied voice: Plus I can do this (Zaps Clayton)
Clayton: (sizzles)

Washu typed a few commands into her holotop, and a subspace portal opened in
front of her.

Clayton: (grabs her computer) No more escape attempts!
Washu: Awww

She stepped in and the portal vanished. It reappeared in her
lab, and she stepped out with that grin still on her face. The two gp
officers' lives were about to become a little more interesting.

Pinhead: (runs through screaming) Help me!
Mihoshi: (Runs after him) Come back, we need you to airate the lawn!
All: (Blink sounding like Zorak)

Tenchi walked through the front door very quietly. He didn't want anyone to
bother him right now. He was determined to find out why Ryoko was acting so
strangely. Today was his lucky day though,

Clayton: As opposed to the day five drop dead gorgeous girls dropped into 
his lap
Washu: (Kisses his cheek)
Ryoko: (In Tenchi's lap) Well there is only room for one

and no one noticed him as he made
his way to the stairs. He began creeping his way up in hopes of not alerting
Ryoko to his approach.

Tenchi: (As the crocodile hunter) A'ight, I've follo'ed 'er to 'er lair and 
now I'll pull her out. This particula' one is especialy mean and tricky
Ryoko: You say the sweetest things

Ryoko was feeding Mayuka the special formula Washu designed for her.

Washu: (looks over her list) Mutagen still in experimental phase. Disreguard 
previous luck with turtles
All: (Stare at her)
Washu: What?

She
then heard someone coming up the stairs. Judging from the light footsteps it
had to be Washu or Sasami, and it was most likely Washu. She listened as the
footsteps grew closer. Any second, the door would open and Washu would
probably have a comment ready to tick her off and make her day that much
worse.

Lina: Boy she knows you well
Bit: No kidding
Washu: How would you two like to be eating flies for the next month?

The door didn't open though. She waited a few minutes, and then
dismissed it as her imagination running away with her.

Tenchi stood outside of the door trying to think of something to say to her.
He was sweating profusely, and it wasn't because of the heat.

Washu: Uh oh, side effects. I thought I'd fixed that. I just hope he doesn't 
get the rash
Ryoko and Tenchi: What rash?

He finally
decided to go with the flow, and he forced himself to reach down and turn
the knob.

Tenchi: Woops, sorry Ryoko (Moves his hand back)
Ryoko: (Whispers in his ear) For what?
Tenchi: (Blushes)

Ryoko was burping Mayuka when she heard the door open. She was quite
surprised to find Tenchi standing in the doorway. She finished burping
Mayuka and laid her in her crib.

Lina: (As Mayuka) This is so humiliating

"What is it Tenchi?" For some reason she had become really nervous, and
Tenchi could tell this by her voice.

"Ryoko, I need to talk to you about something."

"W...What about?" She was suddenly afraid. Was he going to tease her about
her singing, or was he finally going to overcome his kindness and kick her
out of the house? She couldn't take either of those scenarios at this moment
in time.

"Ryoko, why have you been avoiding me lately?

Ryoko: You've got measels

Is it something I said or did
to you?" He was apprehensive of what her answer could possibly be. Maybe she
fell in love with someone else, or he had offended her and hurt her feelings
somehow.

Bit: We have a winner. Tell him what he's one
Clayton: (announcer's voice) Tenchi Masaki, you've just one a free kick to 
the groin!

He would hate himself if he hurt her in any way, and he would be
hurt if she did love someone else.

Washu: Only because before that happens the sun will implode

After looking at him for a few minutes she replied, "Tenchi, I know how you
feel about me, and I know that you want me to leave. I promise you that I
will not bother anyone else in the house. I love Mayuka and I don't want to
leave her. Please let me stay." Tears began rolling down her face.

Clayton: Those are some talented tears. They do everything

Tenchi was absolutely stunned. What in Tsunami's name brought this on?

All: (glance at Tsunami)
Tsunami: (shrugs and vanishes)

He
was hurt that she would actually think he wanted her to leave. "Ryoko,
you're not making any sense. I don't want you to leave. Why would you think
something like that?"

"You're very kind Tenchi, but I found out how you really feel about me. You
hate me. You said so in your sleep. You also said you never wanted to see me
again. I have tried to appease you

Ryoko: We must appease Tenchi. Bring forth the sacrifice!
All: (bring out Sakuya tied up like a pig)

by avoiding you when possible. Even
though you hate me, I want you to know that I love you, and I would do
anything for you except leave Mayuka. I must make sure you are both safe."
She began sobbing uncontrollably, and she phased out of the room. Tenchi
shed a tear. How could he have told her he hated her again?!?!

Tenchi: I didn't!

Even if it
was in his sleep, he still hurt her. He hated to see her hurt more than
anyone else. He didn't know if he loved her or not, but he felt very close
to her. He must set things right.

Tenchi: (Is suddenly Sam Becket) Oh boy. Where am I Al?
Al: (Plays with his computer) Sam, Ziggy says all you have to do is kiss her 
(Points at Ryoko)
Sam: (Kisses Ryoko, glows blue, and is suddenly Tenchi again)

Kyonei had dried herself off with the towel Mihoshi had gotten her, and she
was finally calming down. She wondered how Mihoshi could be such an idiot.

Washu: Even I don't know that

She graduated at the top of her class, and she had an impressive arrest
record. It didn't make any sense.

Washu: (Bangs her head on the wall)

"Kyonei, are you still mad at me? I didn't mean to get you all wet.

Clayton: (Answers the phone) Hello?
Gene: My innapropriate sense is tingling. Should I be making a wise crack

I...It
was an accident. I'm soooo sorrrrrry!" Mihoshi began wailing and crying.

"Stop crying. I'm not mad at you anymore." Upon hearing this Mihoshi
immediately got up, ran over to her partner, and proceeded to hug the life
out of her.

Clayton: Still there Gene?
Gene: Sorry, have to go. Time for them to remove the lobster (Hangs up)

"Mihoshi...I...can't...breathe." She was starting to black out.

"Oops, sorry." Mihoshi let her go, and Kyonei quickly drew in a deep breath
of air to give her oxygen deprived body a big dose of the necessary element.

Washu watched the two gp officers on the large, 30ft by 30ft screen in her
lab.

Tenchi: Washu?
Washu: (shrugs) I like voyerism

Her plan was working perfectly. Soon, she would have enough preliminary
data to begin her experiment.

Sasami just went into the kitchen to begin making lunch. She noticed Tenchi
coming down the stairs with a sad expression on his face.

"What's wrong Tenchi?" She was very concerned about him. He looked like he
just lost his best friend.

Tenchi: Pook Amagasaki. He had a heart attack

Tenchi noticed Sasami's worried expression and forced a smile. "Nothing, I'm
just feeling a little depressed about the homework I have to do over
vacation." He lied. "I have to go do some more work in the fields right now.
I won't be joining you for lunch." He then headed out the door. She watched
him leave. She knew he was lying, but she decided that it would be best not
to question him any further about it. Tenchi thought about where Ryoko
usually went when she wanted to be by herself. He decided to check the cave
first.

Ryoko: But I hate the cave!

Ryoko had waited for Tenchi to leave the room and phased back in. Why
couldn't he just tell her the truth?

Washu: (looks innocent)

Why did he have to be so damn nice? She
looked down at Mayuka who had fallen asleep. She was such a beautiful baby.
Her dark blue hair was already growing thick. Washu said she would develop
twice as fast as a normal human baby.

Lina: I think I saw that movie
Bit: Robin Williams right?

She also said she would get all of the
memories of her previous life with the family when she got older.

Tenchi: Crap, I can just picture the therapy bills
Clayton: Daddy, why do I have fur? Did you do it with Ryo-oki?
Tenchi: No dear you were an experiment

Ryoko
finally quit crying. Mayuka had the same calming affect on her that Tenchi
used to have when she watched him sleep. Soon, she fell asleep as well.

Tenchi couldn't find her anywhere. He checked the cave, Funaho, and the
shrine. Then it hit him.

Tenchi: Ouch

He hadn't checked the roof of the house. He just
knew she would be there.

Lina: Then why go to the cave?

He headed back to the house.

Sasami had just finished cooking lunch. Ayeka was already seated at the
table when Mihoshi and Kyonei came in and sat down.

"Ayeka, would you please tell Washu that lunch is ready?"

Clayton: (Buzzes in) What is 'The thing you're most likely to hear Sasami 
say in a fic' Alex?
All: Good answer

"Sure Sasami." She got up and headed for Washu's lab.

"Mihoshi, Kyonei, will you help me set the table?"

"Yes Sasami," they said in unison. They got up and helped her set the table.
They had just finished when Ayeka and Washu entered. Then they all sat down.

"Where's Lord Tenchi?" Ayeka inquired.

"Tenchi is working in the fields, and he said he wouldn't be eating lunch
today." Sasami answered.

While no one was looking, Washu typed in a few commands on her holotop under
the table. A subspace portal opened up outside of the house. A small bomb
fell out of it into the spot Washu had designated for it. When it hit the
ground, it caused a large explosion.

Tenchi: Washu is there something you wanted to tell us?
Washu: I'm just feeling neglected
Clayton: I know just the thing (Mihoshi appears and hugs Washu)
Washu: Ah, get it off! Get it off!
Pinhead: (Mouths a thank you and runs back to hell)

Everyone at the table got up and ran
outside to see what happened. Washu slipped a small blue tablet into the gp
officers' drinks.

Washu: Now for the viagra test. It worked great on Yosho and Clayton
Clayton: (Blushes)
Tenchi: Anything you want to tell us?
Clayton: She meant seperately!
Bit: Suuuure she did

Then she ran to catch up to the rest of the group.

Tenchi had just checked the roof only to discover she wasn't there. He was
entering the attic window when the explosion occurred. He immediately began
to head down the attic steps. When he reached the bottom, he flew down the
stairs and out the front door. He spotted the rest of the girls gathered
around a small crater.

Tenchi: Not another space ship landing!
Clayton: Where's Mulder when you need him?

"What happened here?" He said as he approached them.

"We're not sure," answered Kyonei.

"It had to be that devil woman," Ayeka said, although she didn't sound too
convinced.

After a quick scan of the skies,

Mihoshi: Why were they skiing?
Washu: Clayton...
Clayton: (Makes Mihoshi vanish)

the group dismissed it as a freak
occurrence, and they headed back to the house to finish their meal. Tenchi
headed back to the fields to finish his work for the day. He wondered if
Ryoko did have something to do with the crater.

Ryoko: Hey!

Where was she anyway? He had
looked all over, and he still wasn't able to find her. He figured she would
be back from wherever she was to eat dinner. He pushed all thoughts of her
out of his head and concentrated on the work at hand.

Both Ryoko and Mayuka had been awakened by the explosion. Ryoko was about to
phase out to investigate when she was stopping by the cries of Mayuka who
had been upset by the explosion. Ryoko picked her up in her arms to calm her
down. After holding her for a few minutes, the baby finally calmed down. She
began to sing to her in hopes of putting her back to sleep. She sang a song
called "Forevermore."

Clayton: I like that one

She had composed it herself a few months ago when
Tenchi returned one of her hugs, which made her very happy and put her in
the mood to write.

Ryoko: Dear Penthouse...

It started out as a poem,

Bit: (As Krusty the clown) There once was a man named Enise...

but she transformed it into a
song. After Mayuka had finally fallen asleep, Ryoko placed her in her crib.

Lina: You do that a lot

She decided to go sit up on the roof. She stared up at the blue sky and
thought about Tenchi. She loved him more than life itself, and she wanted
him to love her more than anything. It hurt her so much that night when he
told her he hated her in his sleep. She realized that he would never return
her feelings for him. He knew she was a monster.

The guys: So? Since when has that stopped anyone in anime... or real life

She was a murderer who was
responsible for the death of over a million people.

Washu: Is that all?
Others: (scoot away)

She thought of the faces
of the people as they begged for their lives. She acknowledged them by
stabbing them or cutting off their heads with her energy sword. She wished
she could change her past. She wished she could have somehow killed Kagato
during the 1300 years of torture and pain he put her through. She wished she
could somehow bring back all those people.

Eternal Dragon: Your wish is granted
Ryoko: Well that was easy
Clayton: Hey, I wish for immortality
Dragon: Too late

Tenchi didn't know about the
multitudes people she killed, but he could just instinctively tell how evil
she was.

Tenchi: My spidey sense is tingling (Looks down and see's Ryoko's hand on 
his leg)

"Well Tenchi, I will give you your wish. Tonight I will leave. I
will take Ryo-ohki and go." She thought. She hated the thought of leaving
Mayuka though. She really loved that little girl, and she would miss her
very much...almost as much as she would miss Tenchi. If she stayed though,
she would only bring more pain and grief to Tenchi, and she would end up
causing Mayuka grief as well. She knew that they wouldn't be safe with her
around because her past attracted many dangers to their home.

Bit: Just the one time. Otherwise it was Tenchi, Washu, Sasami, Yosho and 
Aeka's fault

Everyone else had just finished their lunch. After helping Sasami clean up,
Mihoshi and Kyonei were walking into the living room. Suddenly, both of them
began feeling very ill. They became extremely dizzy and lost all sense of
balance.

Washu: (writes on her pad)

Mihoshi fell backwards and Kyonei fell forward. By the time they
hit the ground, they were both unconscious. Washu calmly walked up to the
teal-haired gp officer and began dragging her towards the couch.

All: Oh they were ruffies!

After she
had placed her on the couch, she began dragging Mihoshi to the nearest
chair. She propped her up in the chair, and smiled wickedly. "It has begun."

(The theme Music to Mortal Kombat plays.)
Shang Tsung: It has begun!

She whispered to herself.

Washu: (gives the her in the fic a high 5)

Ayeka was sitting outside on a picnic table that Nobilyuki had built on a
small knoll

Clayton: Ah yes, the grassy knoll
Tenchi: Insert D&D joke here

a few hundred yards from the back of the house so everyone could
eat outside if and when they chose too. She was admiring the beautiful
scenery. She sat out here quite a bit. It was a place where she could escape
all the madness that went on at the Misaki residence.

Ryoko: Too easy

She could gather and
focus her thoughts on a variety of issues that troubled her.

Lina: Spots or stripes?
Bit: If a tree falls in the woods, does a Juraian die?

The main issue
and the one she usually pondered was Tenchi though. Did he love her? Was he
hiding his feelings so he didn't hurt any of the other girls in the house?
If so, he was hurting all of them in the long run by not telling the truth.
What if he loved that bitch, Ryoko? "No, that's preposterous. Tenchi could
never love that skank," she said to herself.

Ryoko: (Hugs Tenchi and sticks her tongue out)

She hated Ryoko because she was
the cause of Yosho's departure. She could be happily married to him if it
weren't for that slut. She ruined her life with Yosho, and, as if that
wasn't enough, now she was trying to steal Tenchi away from her. Suddenly,
another thought occurred to her, Ryoko has saved her life more than once,
and she has saved the lives of other members of the family as well. They
have also shared a few good times with each other. "Despite all the evil
things we have said and done to each other, I consider her my friend."

Washu: Since when?

Next
to Kyonei she was probably her best friend. She comforted her when she was
upset about the adult Mayuka's sudden appearance. She didn't want to admit
it to herself, but she noticed that Ryoko was also crying that night at
Funaho. Ryoko does have feelings, and she is just as fragile as any other
person. She puts on a good act, but she finally realized that Ryoko isn't
really a monster after all. Of course, she would never admit this to anyone
though. She was still competition for Tenchi's heart, and that made her an
obstacle, one she intended to go right through. Tenchi and she were meant to
be together after all. Ayeka finally decided it was time to go back to the
house, but she pictured herself in Tenchi's arms to put herself in a better
mood before she headed back.

Ryoko: Remember the wedding?
Tenchi: Sasami had to feed Aeka her cake through the facemask because of the 
straight jacket

The day went by slowly and was uneventful for the most part. When dinnertime
rolled around, everyone had gathered around the table except for Ryoko. Even
Yosho ate with the family instead of eating by himself at the shrine
quarters. Nobilyuki

Tenchi: Hey!
Clayton: Let it go Tenchi

also managed to get off work early enough to eat with
everyone tonight. Everyone was busy eating and chatting except for Tenchi.
He was wordlessly staring down at his plate. He was concerned about Ryoko.
She never missed a meal, but today she hadn't eaten at all. Where was she?
What was she doing?

Clayton: How many times has he asked that?

He needed to talk to her and try to undo the damage he
had done. He had been unsuccessful in his first attempt to assure Ryoko that
he didn't hate her, but the next time he vowed to succeed. He didn't think
she would do anything irrational,

Ryoko: Who me?

but she did have a tendency to react out
of emotion without thinking things through, however. He suddenly realized
that no one was watching Mayuka. "Hey, why isn't anyone watching Mayuka?"

Tenchi: I'm noticing a pattern here

"Ryoko is watching her. She said she didn't want to be disturbed." Sasami
answered.

Ah ha! Ryoko was with Mayuka the whole time. She must have phased back into
the room when he left. He mentally kicked himself for not thinking about
this earlier. "Please excuse me, but I have something to take care of." He
got up to leave, but Yosho spoke up.

"Tenchi, why don't you eat first? Whatever it is can wait until you finish
your meal."

"I'm not hungry anyway, and this can't wait."

"Lord Tenchi, what could be so important." Tenchi was caught off guard by
Ayeka's question. He had to think of something to say quickly.

"I need to take care of a personal matter. It's nothing you should be
concerned about. I have to go now." He hurried out of the room before anyone
could say anything more.

Bit: Smart move

He reached the bottom of the stairs and looked up.
He had to get up there without Ryoko hearing him, or she would most likely
phase out before he would be able to say a word to her. He stood there
thinking for a moment then an idea struck him. He activated his lighthawk
wings and materialized a floating platform to stand on with them. He had
learned to activate them at will after the Dr. Clay incident, but he didn't
tell anyone for fear of Washu finding out.

Washu: Ah ha!
Tenchi: (GULP!)

She would run a million tests on
him, and that was not something he looked forward to. He began floating up
the stairs. When he reached the top, he took a left and floated down the
hall towards Mayuka's room. When he reached the door, he eased the platform
to the ground before he deactivated it. Without another thought he reached
down and turned the knob. He eased the door open slightly and peered inside.

Clayton: Boo!
Lina: (Jumps, then hits him)

He saw Ryoko asleep on the old sofa they had put in there for anyone who was
watching the baby to sit on. Mayuka was also asleep in her arms.

Bit: Nice pillows
Ryoko: (Leans Tenchi's head into her chest) Thanks
Tenchi: (Mumbles something)

Ryoko
looked like a goddess of peace with her child of purity in her arms. His
heart fluttered. Ryoko was so peaceful and vulnerable right now. He wanted
to just stand there and stare at them for the rest of the night, but he
needed to talk to her. He slowly and carefully removed Mayuka from her arms
and placed her in the crib

Washu: I'm seeing that pattern you were talking about Bit

without waking either of them. He then looked
back down at Ryoko and smiled. He decided to enjoy the moment for a bit
longer. She had always watched him sleep, but this time the situation was
reversed. If there had been room on the sofa, he would have laid beside her
and showed her that he didn't want her to go.

Ryoko: Oh please don't let lack of space stop you (remembers whewre she put 
Tenchi and lets him go)
Tenchi: (Pulls back gasping for air)

He decided to do the next best
thing. He went into his room and gathered his pillows and blankets he kept
in his closet, and put them in Mayuka's room next to the sofa. He made a bed
on the floor and laid down.

Everyone else ate dinner in silence after Tenchi left. It wasn't like Tenchi
to act in such a way. What was going on? That was the basic question that
everyone had on their mind. Well, everyone except Washu. She was too busy
observing Mihoshi and Kyonei to care.

Ryoko: Mom, you need help

Things weren't going to be the same
around here after tonight. Her experiment would be concluded, and the two
galaxy policewomen's lives would be forever altered. Right after everyone
finished eating, Kyonei and Mihoshi announced that they both were feeling
unusually tired and were going to bed.

Clayton: Gene is going to be so sorry he missed this

Sasami and Ayeka cleared the table
and washed the dishes. Yosho went back to the shrine, and Nobilyuki

Tenchi: (takes a deep breath)

went
into the study. Washu headed for her lab with a huge grin on her face, which
worried the rest of the family.

Others: Us too
Washu: (Grins)

It didn't take long before Tenchi fell into a deep sleep. He began having
dreams about Ryoko.

All: (think of Gene)

He could see himself slap her

Ryoko: (chews on her fingernail and moans while smiling)

and tell her he hated her
over and over again. It was stabbing at his heart. He could see the hurt
expression, and her sad eyes. It was becoming too much to bear. "Stop!!!!!!!
I can't take this anymore!!!!! No!!!!!!!!!!!!"

Ryoko had been awakened by his screaming. She started shaking him to wake
him up. The images stopped flooding through Tenchi's head, and his eyelids
began to open. Everything was out of focus, but it didn't take long for him
to see the most beautiful sight he had ever seen. Ryoko was looking down him
with pure concern in her eyes.

Clayton: (checks Ryoko's eyes) Hey this is only 80% pure!

She held him in her arms and comforted him.
Tenchi began to smile. He felt so calm under her gaze. All apprehension and
guilt left him, and a new realization came over him. He knew Ryoko was the
one he truly loved.

Bit: I figured it out an hour ago
Lina: Me too

He wanted to tell her right then, but he couldn't make
his lips move. All he could do was stare into her beautiful golden orbs.

Ryoko: (Snaps) Thanks for noticing the tan but the eyes are up here!

He
had lost himself in them, and he wasn't even able to think. A few minutes
passed and neither of them moved. Their moment was completely shattered when
Mayuka began crying though.

Clayton: Nice timing

Ryoko blushed, stood up, and helped him to his
feet. She then picked Mayuka up and carried her over to the table where she
changed her diapers. Tenchi began to think rationally again. He couldn't
lose control like that again, if he did he would hurt all of the other girls
in the house. He had admitted to himself that he loved her, but he could not
and would not act upon it, yet.

All: Moron! Take the pretty girl!

He did, however, need to talk to her before
she phased away from him. "Ryoko, about the night when I told you I hated
you. I didn't mean it. I am so sorry, and I wish I could take it back. You
are very special to me, just like all of the other girls in the house.

All: (face fault)

I
would never do anything intentional to harm any of you. Will you accept my
apology?"

Ryoko changed Mayuka's without saying a word to him. She picked up the
giggling baby and tossed it into the air. She gently caught her, and placed
her back into the crib. She then turned to face Tenchi. "Tenchi, I want to
accept your apology, but I can't. I am the one who should apologize. I have
put you, and everyone else in this house, into too many dangerous
situations. You were almost killed by Kagato because of me, and you were
nearly killed again because you went to rescue me from Dr. Clay.

Tenchi: In all fairness I was also nearly killed before I knew anything was 
going on

I have done
nothing but bring heartache upon this family. That is going to end now. I am
leaving with Ryo-ohki now. I will not cause any more harm here. I love you,
and I have for a very long time. I have decided to leave you and Mayuka so
that both of you can truly be at peace. Goodbye, my love." She took one last
look at Mayuka before she phased out.

Tenchi was torn apart on the inside. How could this happen? He had to stop
her. He took of in a dead run, and practically flew down the stairs. He
heard a loud, "Meeeeoooooowwww!" right outside of the house. His legs began
pumping even faster. He finally reached the door just in time to see Ryoko
teleport up into the spacecraft floating above the lake. He saw it speed off
into the sky and disappear. He was too late.


Bit: Well that's that (reaches for the doorknob and gets zapped)

Washu was observing Kyonei and Mihoshi with her spy cam when an alarm went
off. She phased in her holotop and began fiercely typing in commands on the
keypad. "Ryoko, why?" was all she managed to choke out before a tear made
its way down her cheek.

Washu: I can read her mind! I would already know

She tried contacting her through their mental link,
but she didn't get a response. She would never have a chance to be a mother
to her now. Why had she been so wrapped up into her damn experiments? She
should have been there for her daughter. "No!!

Clayton: (As Arnold Schwartenegger) Nooooo! (There is an explosion behind 
them in slow motion)

The greatest scientific genus

Bit: (As David Duchofny) Whether you are fighting dandruff or the alien 
menace, use head and shoulders

in the universe won't give up that easily!" She began rapidly typing in
commands in her laptop once more, desperate to find a way to contact her.

Lina: I hated that movie. If the alien were my dad I'd beat the crap out of 
him

Ayeka and Sasami had both heard Ryo-ohki and went to investigate. As they
neared the door, Tenchi ran past them like they weren't even there. What
happened? Why was he in such a hurry? Both princesses watched him disappear
up the stairs with very concerned expressions. Ayeka was the first to speak
up. "Do you think we should go talk to him?"

Bit: Nah

"I don't think that would be a good idea. He looked pretty upset. We should
leave him alone right now."

"You're right Sasami, but I am very curious about what would cause him that
much distress."

"Where's Ryo-ohki? I heard her meow. I wonder if that has anything to do
with Tenchi's actions?"

(the phone rings but Ryoko tears it out of the wall before anyone can answer 
it again)

"I'm not sure. Let's wait until he calms down before we talk to him." Ayeka
took the clues into account and acquired a suspicion as to what was
bothering him, but she didn't want to let Sasami know just yet. She had to
be sure first. She needed to speak with Washu.

Author's notes: Well, that concludes the second chapter. I have more of an
idea where this story is going now, but I am still uncertain about many
details. In the next chapter the details of Washu's experiment will be
revealed. I am quite sure of that.

Clayton: So are we

I hope you have enjoyed my story so far.

Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi or any other characters residing at the
Misaki house. They all belong to Pioneer/AIC. I am not making any money off
of this story so please don't sue me.

                          Fragile Hearts, Chapter 3

                                  by Leeman

Ayeka knocked on the closet door that led to Washu's lab, but no one
answered. She decided to run the risk of being zapped by one of her security
systems and enter without permission. She walked into the huge place and
headed to the giant computer/workstation where Washu did most of her work.
She found the red headed scientist staring off into space with a blank
expression on her face.

Ryoko: Well she finally cracked

Ayeka could tell she had been crying because of the
tear stains on her clothes. This was all of the confirmation she needed. She
knew Ryoko was gone, and she wasn't planning on coming back. The thought of
her rival leaving, elated her,

Lina: Bitch

but only for a moment. Sadness soon replaced
her happiness. Her friend was gone, and she may not ever see her again.
"Washu, is there any way we can contact her?" The scientist didn't reply.
"Washu! Answer me! Is there any way we can contact her?"

After a few moments she finally replied, "No Ayeka, she has completely cut
off our mental link, and she won't accept any transmissions.

Washu: I can bend time and space around my finger. I think I could make a 
phone call

In just a few
minutes, she will be out of my scanners' range. After that, I will have no
idea where she is. She could go to the other side of the universe for all I
know." They both fell silent. Ayeka wondered what could have caused this to
happen. She decided to wait no longer. She had to talk to Tenchi now.

Tenchi sat on the edge of the bed.

Tenchi: I think I'll jump

A steady stream of tears poured down his
face, but he made absolutely no sound. He didn't think she would ever leave
him. How could she do this? It was all his fault. If he had told her how he
really felt right then, none of this would have happened. He would have hurt
the other girls, especially Ayeka, if he had confessed though, but this no
longer mattered. Why couldn't he just be more honest and less considerate?
"I swear if I ever see you again, Ryoko, I will tell you how I feel about
you." After a few minutes had passed, he heard a knock on his door. "I don't
want to be disturbed right now. Please come back later."

Clayton: When did you start talking like that?

The door opened up
anyway, and Ayeka was standing in the doorway.

Lina: Earthquake!

"Lord Tenchi, I need to speak with you now. This simply cannot wait any
longer."

"What is it Miss Ayeka?"

"What would have caused Ryoko to leave? Did you hurt her somehow?"

"I really don't want to talk about it."

"Lord Tenchi, you may not believe this, but Ryoko really is my friend.

All: (Stare in shock)
Clayton: (claps) I now believe in Santa and the tooth fairy
Bit: (As Chico) Oh you no foola me. There ain't no Sanity Claus

We
may fight and insult each other most of the time, but this is just our way
of expressing our friendship. Please tell me what happened? Did you fall in
love with one of us?" She asked this last question with much anticipation in
her voice. Could he have possibly fallen in love with her?

Ryoko: Yup

Did he tell Ryoko
that he didn't love her because he loves her?

Tenchi: Sorry

"A couple of weeks ago, I told her I hated her, and that I never wanted to
see her again in my sleep. She has been acting strangely ever since then. I
just found out why today, but it was too late. She just left me here all
alone. I already miss her, and I wish I could have just one more chance to
tell her how I feel." She watched as more tears made their way down his
face, and she shed a few of her own.

"I'm sorry Lord Tenchi. I will leave you alone now, goodnight."

"Goodnight Ayeka." She closed his door on the way out and immediately headed
to her room. When she got there, she closed her door and sat down on the
bed. Although he didn't come right out and say it, she now knew that he
loved the space pirate after all. Tears flowed freely from her eyes, and she
began sobbing quite loudly.

Washu: Took that well I thought

Why didn't he love her?

Clayton: You're his aunt

Why did he love that
damn space pirate?

Ryoko: Look at me and ask that

Why is it that everyone she falls in love with can never
return her love?

Bit: Lost the address

She began hugging her pillow very tightly, and she
eventually cried herself to sleep.

Ryoko sat in her chair on the deck of Ryo-ohki. She already missed Tenchi
very much. She knew what he really wanted, and she knew that this would make
him happy. She would die many times over just to see him happy and safe. Now
that she was gone, he could be both. Leaving him and Mayuka was much worse
than death, but she was willing to give up her happiness for them. Besides,
he would never love her anyway. He and Ayeka are probably confessing their
love for each other right now.

Clayton: Care to make a bet on that?

Ayeka would become Mayuka's mother, and they
would be happy as long as they lived. Now that Tenchi and Mayuka were out of
her life, what else did she have to live for? An idea suddenly came to her.
She has killed so many people, and now it would be her turn. She would allow
the many people whose loved ones she killed to have their vengeance.
"Ryo-ohki, set a course for Jurai."

"Miya Miya Miya Miya. Miya, Miya Miya?"

Ryoko: (Translates) No way you crazy bitch

"Yes Ryo-ohki, I am absolutely sure."

(Sadly) "Miya Miya."

Ryoko: (Once again) Your funeral

Washu sat on her floating futon thinking about where Ryoko would go. She
knew how she felt about Tenchi, and she knew what possibility this might
lead to. She decided to determine where Ryoko might be headed by studying
her path up until she disappeared off of her scanners. After a few minutes
of rapid typing on her holotop, she saw that Ryoko had made a sharp turn. An
expression of pure dread came over her face. "Oh no. Ryoko, my daughter,
please don't do this." Washu tried desperately to contact her through their
link, but to no avail.

Bit: When did this turn into Shakespear?
Clayton: (As Robin Williams) Alas, the moon like a testical hangs low in the 
sky... and yet I wonder why.

Her daughter was going to die, and there wasn't a
damn thing she could do about it.

Washu: Unless I use the time machine, the interstellar portal, the memory 
erase ray, the worm hole generator or the omnipotent penguin

Just then, a buzzer went off and an image
popped up on her screen.

Bit: You have mail

Her experiment was about to be completed, but she
no longer cared. She phased her holotop out, and began to cry again.

Mihoshi woke up on a beach. The cool sea breeze refreshed and energized her.
It also had a purifying effect on her. She was alone on this beautiful, warm
day. The water was perfectly clear, and the waves gently breaking on shore
sung a sweet melodious song. The sand was pearly white, and it sparkled like
diamonds in the bright sunlight. She began to reflect upon her life with
Kyonei, and her thoughts came to her as clear as the water. She loved her
partner, not as a friend or sister, but as Ryoko and Ayeka did Tenchi.

Clayton: (deadpan) We never would have guessed

When
she had first met Tenchi, she had a crush on him because he saved her life.
She even thought she loved him, but she found out how wrong she was when her
partner came back into her life. At first, Kyonei hated her and actually
wanted to kill her because it was her fault that she became stranded out in
space for three months.

Washu: I can understand that

Mihoshi had also ruined Kyonei's chances of getting
a promotion on numerous occasions and had basically ruined her career.

Lina: Totally justified then

After
Kyonei lived with her and the rest of her family for about a week though,
she had mellowed out and became her old self again.

Tenchi: That however makes no sense at all

Her rage and hate were
replaced with kindness and understanding. Kyonei often yelled at her though,
and she still does now. It always hurts her feelings, but she has always
been cheerful and quick to recover from any emotional distress. Kyonei is
actually very sweet to her most of the time, and she usually gives into her
whims.

Ryoko: (As Mihoshi) I wanna ride the pony
Washu: It's scary how good you are at that

She couldn't imagine her life without her beloved partner, and she
decided that she was going to tell her how she felt the next time she saw
her.

Kyonei also woke up on a beautiful beach. The cool breeze and relaxing
atmosphere cleared her head and allowed pure, unclouded thoughts to make
their way to the surface.

Lina: Thought like 'How the hell did I get on this beach?'
Clayton: This is getting too much like Contact

She began thinking about Mihoshi. Why did she have
to be such a ditz?

Washu: That's like asking why the blond was fired from the M&M factory or 
what you call four blonds standing in a row
Clayton: Threw out the Ws
Bit: Wind tunnel

Why does she always screw everything up?

Lina: She's only human
Ryoko: No she isn't

She wished she
had never met her. Wait a minute. If she hadn't met her, she would be dead
right now.

Washu: Oh, tough call

Mihoshi has saved her life on quite a few occasions. She didn't
know if it was pure luck or if she has moments of clear focus, but somehow
she always seems to get through the most difficult situations. They have
also had many good times together. They sang and drank the night away at
karaoke bars and danced from dusk until dawn

Ryoko: (Smiles showing her fangs and her eyes glow) I like that movie

at many nice dance clubs. She
would be bored out of her mind sitting behind a desk now if it weren't for
her. Promotions used to mean everything to her, but Mihoshi changed all
that. She could now understand why Mihoshi didn't want promotions. If she
was promoted to a desk job, she wouldn't be able to help people like she
always wanted to do. Mihoshi cared very much for all people, and that's what
makes her special.

Washu: Is it just me or is this guy like the Pat Boone of Clayton's fics?
Clayton: It's not just you

Kyonei joined the galaxy police to run away from home and to get out into
the universe. She also had a desire to help people, but that was soon
dwarfed by her career ambitions.

Bit: Patch Adams

Finally, thanks to Mihoshi, she could see
what she truly wanted out of life.

Ryoko: (As cult leader) What do you want out of life?
Tenchi: A sports car

She also realized something else. She
never wanted to be separated from her partner for any reason. She loved her,
and she has for a long time, but why couldn't she admit it to herself
earlier.

Lina: Emotional problems

Was it because they were both females?

Bit: They're aliens, why would that matter?

She decided to talk to her
and tell her how she felt the next time she saw her.

Ryoko: And we all saw how well that worked for Tenchi

Tenchi couldn't stand it anymore. He had to find Ryoko, and tell her how he
felt. The major problem he faced was that he needed a spaceship.

All: (roll their eyes) Oh where oh where could he find a space ship?

Washu mighthave a solution to that problem though, and he decided to ask her 
for help.
As he made his way down to the lab, he thought about the consequences of
talking to her at this time of night. She might drag him into her lab and
strap him up before he could even utter

Lina: He'se used it atleast once a chapter now

a protest. He arrived at her lab
door, and proceeded to knock. It worried him when he didn't get an answer.

Washu: You've reached an interdimensional doorway. Please leave a message or 
risk stepping into my funhouse
Tenchi: I'll come back later

Despite what his head was telling him, he decided to enter and face whatever
Washu was going to do to him.

Tenchi's head: You fool!

As he made his way down the corridor that had
the large aquariums, he was startled by a hideous looking fish that was as
long as a bus which flew past him as he passed the aquarium it was in.

Tenchi: Dad?

He
regained his composure

Bit: There is that pattern again

and continued walking down the corridor. He found her
where she usually conducted her experiments, but he didn't expect to find
her crying. He realized that she knew Ryoko left which would make it easier
to ask for her help. "Little Washu, could I speak with you a moment?"

"What do you want, Tenchi?" She said between sobs.

Lina: A pony

"I need your help. I need to borrow a spaceship so I can go after Ryoko. I
assume you are crying because she left, and I also assume you have a
spaceship around here somewhere or you know where to get one."

"I don't have any ships around Tenchi. It would take me hours to repair
Mihoshi's ship after her last crash in the lake, and it would be too late by
then. There is nothing we can do. Damn it, I hate being helpless."

Washu: Once again I would atleast like to point out the time machine sitting 
in the corner

"What do you mean it would be too late? Where is she going?"

Ryoko: I'm going to Jurai Disney!

"As far as I could tell, she was headed for Jurai. If she is, then that can
only mean one thing. She is going there to die."

Clayton: Like the elephants of the African plains

"What!?!? Oh no, this is all my fault. Washu, I have to stop her. I can't
let her die because of me. You are supposed to be the greatest genius in the
universe.

Lina: Godlike really
Tenchi: Speaking of which where is Tsunami?

Why don't you prove it?" His words brought her back from her
depression, and she began thinking about where to get a ship fast enough to
catch Ryo-ohki.

Washu: (Holds up 300 page essay on ways she could be saving Ryoko's life, 
including footnotes on the ways she would have stopped her from leaving in 
the first place)

It didn't take her long to come up with a solution. She
slapped herself on the forehead for not thinking about it earlier.

Tenchi: Finally reality sets in

"Tenchi, you can use one of the crystals in the lake. Grab your Tench-ken
and run to the dock. Use it to summon one of the crystals and order it to
transform into a spaceship. Once you have done that, use the Tenchi-ken to
command the ship to beam you up onto the deck."

Clayton: You've been watching Star Trek again

"Thank you, Little Washu." He quickly ran out of the lab and up to his room
to grab the sword. Then he ran out onto the dock, and held up the sword.

Ryoko: Uh Tenchi that isn't the sword. I think that belongs to Aeka
Tenchi: (Runs to the sink and begins scrubbing) I know where it's been I 
know where it's been!

"I
summon a crystal to rise from the water."

Washu: (eating popcorn) I love Kabooki theater

All, of the crystals in the lake,
suddenly flew up out of the water, and Tenchi sweat- dropped. After some
quick thought however, he pointed the sword at one of the crystals. "I
command you to stay, and I command the rest of you to return to the bottom
of the lake." Everything went smoothly that time, and he was glad it
actually worked. Still pointing the Tenchi-ken at the crystal he commanded,
"Transform into a spaceship now."

All: (sing) Transformers, cabbits in disguise

"Miiiyyyaaaa!" The crystal transformed itself into a ship that looked just
like Ryo-ohki.

"I now order you to beam me up onto your deck."

Bit: Aye capn', we'll beam ya aboard now

The crystal did as it was
told and in a flash,

All: (blink)
J: (slips off his sunglasses and walks out)
Clayton: (sighs and uses Washu's computer to restore their memories)

Tenchi was standing on the deck. "Damn, I should have
asked Washu how to pilot this thing," he muttered. Then he realized that so
far the crystal had been following his orders. He smiled to himself.

Tenchi: I need to see a dentist

"I command you to fly to Jurai as fast as you can."

"Miya!" The ship flew out of the atmosphere. Once it was in outer space, it
began accelerating at a rapid rate. Tenchi, who wasn't prepared for such a
sharp increase in speed was thrown to the back of the ship. He cursed
himself for being such an idiot,

(they all glare at him)

and made his way back to the chair that was
in the middle of the ship and sat down.

"How long will it take to get there?" The ship responded by displaying 18.5
hours on the display. He sighed and decided to get some sleep.

Kyonei awoke to find that her partner was gone from the bunk below her. She
thought that was a tad unusual because Mihoshi always slept later than she
did. She looked at the clock and saw that it was only 8:20 a.m. She decided

Lina: I think that's this guy's favorite word

that she might as well get up and around for breakfast. When she arrived at
the dinning room, she found everyone there except for Tenchi and Ryoko. She
also thought that this was quite odd, and decided

Lina: See?

to question it.

"Good morning everyone."

"Good morning Kyonei," Sasami said. She wasn't as cheerful as she normally
is, Kyonei noticed.

"Where are Ryoko and Tenchi?"

Washu was the first to speak up, "Ryoko has runaway, and Tenchi has gone
after her."

"Why would she run away?"

"I'm not too sure, but Tenchi said it was his fault. As far as I could tell,
she was headed for Jurai."

"Why Jurai?"

She noticed a tear run down the scientist's cheek. "If she is headed there,
then she is going there to die."

Everyone at the table gasped with the exception of Yosho.

Ryoko: Insencitive prick

They were upset
that Ryoko and Tenchi were gone, but they hadn't known how serious the
situation really was. The rest of the meal was eaten in an eerie silence..
Everyone was concerned for Ryoko, and they hoped Tenchi could catch her
before she arrived on Jurai. After the meal, everyone carried on with their
daily chores.

Tenchi: So nobody called for backup to stop Ryoko or used their powers to 
help in any way?

Kyonei and Mihoshi were sweeping the shrine steps. Kyonei thought this would
be the perfect opportunity to talk to her partner. Mihoshi was also thinking
the same thing. Kyonei was at the top of the shrine steps, and Mihoshi was
at the bottom. They both began walking towards each other at exactly the
same time.

Bit:: Creepy, it's almost as if someone where controling them (looks at 
Washu)
Washu: (Looks innocent)

When they met half way though, neither of them said a word. It
wasn't necessary because their eyes and expressions

Ryoko: This is very similar to his last story

said more than words
ever could. They embraced each other and kissed passionately. They pulled
away from each other with the biggest smiles they had ever worn on their
faces. "I love you, Kyonei."

"I love you too, Mihoshi, and I always will." They kissed once more before
they went back to sweeping.

All: (Blink)
Clayton: Well that was pointless

Ryoko sat in her chair and thought about Tenchi. She thought about the games
they used to play when he was a child and was able to see her astral body
that she projected from the cave. One game in particular they used to play
was pirates and treasure. She would generate images of pirates who wore
black battle suits and had patches over their eyes.

Washu: How did they see?

He would fight these
men, even though he couldn't actually touch them, and he would always win.

Clayton: Oh this bears no resemblance to my stories at all

Then he would make his way to the cave opening to find the treasure which
would be a 3D image of his mother that Ryoko would generate. In order to get
her to generate the image though,

Tenchi: I had to hook up a car battery

he would have to pretend to kiss her.
Although she couldn't feel it, it still meant very much to her. Tenchi, who
was like most other little boys at that age, didn't like that part. It
always drained her energy down to very low levels to generate these images
though, and she would tell him she had to go, and that they could play again
later. He always seemed saddened that their game was over, but she told him
that there was always tomorrow, and that would make him smile again. Now,
that same Tenchi hated her. She always dreamt of the day that he would free
her, and they could play together forever, but she screwed that up when she
attacked him at his school. She was angry at him for hurting her when she
had tried to kiss him.

Ryoko: Can you blaim me?

All she really wanted to do was scare him, but it got
out of hand. From then on, he had been afraid of her. He could tell what
kind of monster she was, and he wanted nothing to do with her. She always
shrugged of his rejections though, and had foolishly told herself that it
was destiny that they would be together. She played the part of the tough
space pirate and ignored the pain she felt each time he turned away from
her. Then one day, he told her he hated her because she had ripped his
mother's kimono.

Lina: You mentioned that two or three times

Ryo-ohki had thought that he was talking to her and ran
off. Tenchi ran off after the cabbit, paying no regard to just how much
those words had hurt her. She had tried desperately to sew the kimono back
together, but she failed miserably. Tenchi had told her that he wasn't mad
at her anymore, and things went back to normal. She thought back to when
Mayuka showed up. She could sense evil in her, but Tenchi wouldn't listen to
her. Mayuka had attacked her after she left her in that tree. When she was
going to retaliate and get rid of her because she was a danger to him, he
had slapped her.

Tenchi: I am so sorry about that (Kisses her cheek)

She found out later on that Mayuka was possessed deep
within by Yuzuha. Now Mayuka was the only other person in the universe whom
she loved. Mayuka would have eventually seen the evil in her, and turned
away from her like Tenchi had. That would be too much to bear, but it
wouldn't happen. Her death was going to bring peace to many Juraians and
insure Tenchi and Mayuka's safety. "Ryo-ohki, how long will it be before we
arrive at Jurai?"

"Miya Miya Miya."

"So I have another 9 hours to live, eh?" She might as well get something to
eat. "Stop at the nearest planet with a descent restaurant."

Lina: (High 5's Ryoko) Nice touch

"Miya."

Tenchi awoke because of his need to use the restroom. "Are there any
restrooms on this ship?"

Ryoko: Yes, but afterwards it'll need a bath

The ship put a map on the display that showed him where to go. "Thank you."

"Miya!" After Tenchi did his thing, he went back and sat in the chair.

Clayton: Didn't even wipe or wash his hands first

"How long will it be before we arrive at our destination?" The ship
displayed 10.5 hours on the display. He realized he should have brought some
provisions on the trip. He wondered if they had time to stop and get
something to eat, but then he scolded himself. How could he think of food
when the woman he loved was in danger? His stomach growled very loudly, and
he sighed. He would have to ignore it until he caught up with Ryoko.

A very flustered Washu sat on her floating futon in her lab. She hated being
left in the dark in such a terrible situation. She just had to find out
something. She decided to send a transmission to Tenchi to see if he had
succeeded in stopping her.

Washu: Okay I can't contact Ryoko but with Tenchi I can. This is getting 
silly

Tenchi was thinking about all of the good times he had with Ryoko, when a
loud beep startled him,

Clayton: (road runner) meep meep

and caused him to fall out of his chair. He rubbed
the back of his head which had smacked the floor pretty hard, and asked the
ship what it wanted. On the display it said he had a message. Praying it was
Ryoko, he ordered the ship to let him see it. He was disappointed it was
Washu, but then cheered up because he could at least find out how things
were back home. "Hello Tenchi."

"Hello, Little Washu. How is everyone doing?"

"Everyone is doing well, except for Ayeka who seems deeply disturbed by
something."

Ryoko: Well duh!

"Will she be okay?"

"I hope so. Is there anything I should know about?"

"Well...er...um...you see...I"

"Spit it out!"

"After Ryoko left, Ayeka came in to talk to me about her. She was actually
concerned about her, but I kinda gave her the impression that I loved Ryoko.
It was going to happen sooner or later anyway."

"Do you really love Ryoko, Tenchi?"

"More than anything. She left because I told her I hated her in my sleep a
few weeks ago. That was the second time I have told her that. I am so
stupid. Why does she have to love me? She deserves so much more."

Others: Agreed
Tenchi and Ryoko: Hey!

He held
his head down and a tear fell from his eye.

"Tenchi, Ryoko has known you much longer than you have her. She has loved
you since before you could even speak. Let me show you something." She put
on a weird metal helmet covered in flashing lights.

Washu: It keeps the government out of my brain

"I watched these events
occur through our mental link." Tenchi was rendered speechless when he saw
the images she transmitted through the helmet. They were images of him
playing with Ryoko when he was a young child. This opened up a whole new
avenue of memories in his head that had been long forgotten. Tears freely
flowed down his face now. When he finally regained enough composure

Bit: How many times has that been used so far?

to
speak, all he could choke out was, "That was her." He stood there motionless
for several minutes, thinking about those days of his youth. He finally
understood. He understood why Ryoko attacked him at the school, and why she
always wanted to be close to him. If only he had known this earlier, this
whole messed up situation could have been avoided.

Ryoko: And we wouldn't have to do this MST

"Tenchi, I will leave you alone now. Please bring my daughter back in one
piece."

"I swear by Tsunami's name

Tenchi: And if you could go into the livingroom and tell her for me that'd 
be great

that no harm will ever come upon her again." The
screen flickered and went black. Tenchi just stood there staring at it.

Ryoko had just finished her meal and fifth round of sake. She was already
starting to feel the effects of it, and she decided it was about time to
leave.

"Bartender, get me another bottle of sake."

"Comin' right up." The cheerful green skinned man behind the counter
proceeded to get her another bottle of sake. She thanked him, grabbed the
bottle, and phased out of the bar. He cursed and scratched his head. "That's
something you don't see everyday," he said to no one in particular.

Lina: Depends on how much you drink

Ryoko phased in on the deck of Ryo-ohki. She took a big swig of sake before
speaking. "Ryo-ohki, continue on the current course to Jurai."

"Miya." The ship did as it was told and soon they were traveling in open
space anew.

Author's notes: Well, I hope I have succeeded in building up enough suspense
in this chapter.

(Snores come from the seats)

I don't know how this is going to end yet. There are so
many ideas swirling in my head about this story right now. I know Washu's
experiment ended up being weak,

Clayton: True

but oh well. I've always liked the idea of
the Kyonei + Mihoshi = Love equation, and I decided to incorporate it into
this fic. Although I really don't think there is enough material in the
Tenchi Universe to back it up, it always seemed right. I'm sure you are sick
of my ranting by now,

All: (They all nod) Oh yeah

so I will torture you no longer.


Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi or any other characters residing at the
Misaki house. They all belong to Pioneer/AIC. I am not making any money off
of this story so please don't sue me.

                          Fragile Hearts, Chapter 4

                                  by Leeman

It was now dinnertime at the Misaki residence. It was a very quiet and
uneventful dinner due to the absence of Ryoko, Tenchi, and Washu. Washu had
announced earlier that she was working on something very important in her
lab and could not be disturbed. Kyonei and Mihoshi were glancing and smiling
at each other frequently, but no one noticed except for Ayeka. "Even they
have found love in one another," she muttered under her breath.

Bit: She figured that out remarkably quick

"Did you say something, Ayeka?" Her little sister questioned.

"I was merely commenting to myself on how delicious this food is."
"I'm glad you like it." The little princess gave her a big smile, which
temporarily eased her frustration. Mayuka's crying interrupted the peaceful
meal, and Kyonei immediately took her into another room and changed her
diaper.

Clayton: It's like once they do two things the kids in these fics can't do 
anything else

After she was done, she came back into the dining room and placed
the little girl on the floating crib that Washu had designed. When everyone
was finished eating, Ayeka and Sasami cleared the table, and then took
Mayuka into the onsen with for a bath. Kyonei and Mihoshi announced that
they were really tired, and that they were going to go to bed early.

Washu: They did that in the last chapter

Although it was noticed that they were smiling at each other and blushing as
they made their way out of the room. Nobilyuki took quite a bit of interest
in this, and he soon disappeared. Yosho knew where he went and what he was
doing, and he hung around the house for a good laugh which he knew would
come sooner or later. It didn't take very long until Nobilyuki stumbled down
the stairs with his video camera smashed over his head. Yosho burst out
laughing, and he didn't stop until he fell off of his chair and hit is head
on the floor.

Tenchi: I hope that isn't genetic

He groaned and rubbed his head. He went back to the shrine
soon after.

Washu sat in her lab typing away on her holotop. She couldn't tell exactly
where Tenchi and Ryoko were, but she had narrowed down their locations 
towithin a 200-mile margin of error.

Washu: I never have a margin of error!

She needed to slow down Ryo-ohki to
improve Tenchi's chances of catching her. The virus she was working on would
completely shut her down for about 10 minutes which would allow Tenchi to
gain considerable ground on her. It took her twenty minutes, but finally she
completed it. "I'm very sorry to have to put you through this, Ryo-ohki, but
it is for your and Ryoko's own good." She hit the enter button and the virus
was sent.

Ryoko was relaxing in her chair, when suddenly it became very dark, and
Ryo-ohki slowed to a stop. "What the hell! Why are we stopping, Ryo-ohki?"
There was no reply. "Ryo-ohki, are you okay?" There was still no reply. She
opened up her link with the ship and discovered a haywire signal from its
brain had put it to sleep. She could tell that it caused quite a bit of
damage in many of her cells, but she was quickly regenerating them. What
could have caused this? Was it a flaw in her design?

Washu: WHAT WAS THAT!?!

She sighed. She would
just have to wait until the ship was fully regenerated.

Tenchi was growing impatient. He had to catch up with her soon, or it would
be too late. "How long before we reach Jurai?" The ship displayed 3 hours on
the screen. Can't this damn ship go any faster?

Washu: This author is just begging to die!

She could already be there.
He silently prayed for her safety before laying his head back against the
chair. Time was running out. His thoughts were interrupted by an incoming
transmission.

Clayton: (rubs his temples) Mork calling Orson, come in Orson.

He accepted it, and Washu appeared on the screen. She told him
what she had done to Ryo-ohki. "Don't give up hope Tenchi. We won't let her
die. She has too much to live for." She smiled at him, and the screen went
blank. Thanks to Washu there was still a chance to save her from herself.

Twelve minutes later, Ryo-ohki came back to life. "What happened, Ryo-ohki?"

"Miya Miya Miya Miya Miya Miya Miya. Miya Miya Miya."

Washu: Tattle tale!

"Damn it, Washu!" Why does she always have to meddle where she has no
business? "Ryo-ohki, continue on to Jurai, and fly at maximum velocity." She
would allow no more interruptions. She wanted to get this over with as soon
as possible. "How long before we reach Jurai?" The screen displayed 2 hours.

Washu was fully aware that the virus wouldn't allow Tenchi enough time to be
able to catch her, but it bought her some time. She had to figure out a way
to stop Ryo-ohki for a more extended period of time. She knew that Ryo-ohki
has probably already taken preventive measures which would stop her from
being able to send another virus. She had one last hope...Tsunami.

Tenchi: Finally! Someone thinks to ask the god for help!

Sasami had convinced her sister into playing a game of chess. Ayeka almost
always won, but that was because she had more training in tactics. All
members of the Jurai royal family were throughly trained in military and
political tactics. Ayeka was older than she was and therefore ahead of her
in her studies. Jurai tactics could be applied to many walks of life which
was why they were emphasized so much. Sasami was still not an easy opponent
to defeat, though. She was very bright and used very subtle means to trap
her opponents.

Clayton: (Yawns) No this isn't the least bit repedative

Ayeka had agreed to the game because she knew it would take
her mind off Tenchi and Ryoko, and she needed to spend some quality time
with her sister. The game only lasted about a half hour which was pretty
short by their standards. Sasami had lost her queen early, but she had been
able to take out a rook and a knight. It was a pretty evenly matched game
until Ayeka blundered her queen in a very poorly planned attack. After that,
Sasami was able to get a pawn down to the opposite side of the board and get
her queen back. Soon, Ayeka was put in checkmate and the game was over.
"Good game, Sasami"

"Good game, Ayeka." They shook hands in the customary manner, and then Ayeka
bowed.

"You're getting much better. One day you may be able to defeat Yosho."

Tenchi: Didn't we already MST a chess fic?
Ryoko: I kicked ass in that one

Sasami blushed. She knew that Yosho was perhaps the best in the universe at
chess. He had been undefeated since he was a child. He was the one who
taught Ayeka how to play. He always said, "The key to chess is not attacking
your opponent, but it is positioning your pieces to take advantage of their
attacks." She always applied that in her strategies, and it was finally
paying off. Just then, Washu walked into the room.

"Sasami, I need you to come down to my lab."

"Why do you need her to go to your lab?" Ayeka questioned.

"I must speak with Tsunami, and she is the only one who can contact her."
Sasami's reflection in a nearby mirror was replaced by a gorgeous woman in
flowing white robes.

"Washu, if you need to speak with me, all you have to do is call out my name
and ask."

Tenchi: I called your name a dozen times in this fic for help and you didn't 
show up once

Washu blushed a little from embarrassment because she hadn't
thought of that. She explained the situation to the blue-haired goddess,

Ryoko: So much for being all knowing and omnipresent

then waited for her reply. She just smiled which confused everyone in the
room.

"Tenchi is the only one who can save her. All he has to do is trust in his
own power. I've already told him that, but I guess he is quick to forget
such details."

Everyone face-faulted. When they got up, the goddess was gone. Sasami smiled
as Tsunami explained inside her mind what she meant by her comment. She had
a mental link with the goddess ever since she had assimilated with her. She
never told anyone about this though because she still felt like she wasn't
the real Sasami. She thought that if anyone knew about it that they would
think she was a freak.

Bit: She had blue hair and red eyes and she's worried about that?

She didn't know that her family would fully and
unconditionally accept her, but one day she would. Until that day when she
would completely merge with Tsunami, and their minds and bodies became one,
she would feel like an outsider who didn't belong. Ayeka and Tenchi told her
that they loved her just the way she was, but she still wasn't completely
convinced.

Washu went down to the lab to relay Tsunami's message to Tenchi. She wasn't
sure what Tsunami had meant, but she figured it couldn't hurt to tell Tenchi
about it anyway. She typed in a few commands on her holotop and sent her
request for a conversation with him. It didn't take him long to respond.

"Hello Tenchi."

"Hello Little Washu."

"I contacted Tsunami for help, but all she said was that you are the only
one who can save her, and you should trust in your own power."

"What does she mean by that? Is she talking about the lighthawk wings?"

"I'm not sure, Tenchi, but if she believes in you, so do I."

"Thanks Washu."

"What did you call me!?!?"

Ryoko: This is not the time for that!

"I mean Little Washu." He scratched the back of his head and gave a nervous
laugh.

"That's more like it. I have to go now and see if there is anything else I
can do. Good luck, Tenchi."

"Thanks." The screen went black and Washu was left to think in silence.
Despite how smart she was and how hard she thought, she couldn't come up
with any more ideas. It truly was in Tenchi's hands.

Washu: I'm getting pissed

Tenchi reflected over what Washu said to him for a few minutes. What could
Tsunami have possibly meant? He was pretty sure it had something to do with
the lighthawk wings, but what? He knew he could materialize objects with
them, but nothing he could materialize would do him any good. He was very
frustrated, but he knew he had to figure it out before Ryoko arrived at her
destination.

"Ryo-ohki, how long will it be before we arrive?" The screen displayed 1.5
hours. She sighed heavily. Time seemed to move slower and slower

Lina: You're telling us?

as she got
closer to Jurai. She spent the next hour and a half thinking about the
person most precious to her, Tenchi.

Ryoko was brought out of her thoughts by the ship alerting her of their
imminent arrival on the planet. She skillfully guided her ship to a good
landing spot. She noticed that a crowd of people gathered soon after she
landed.

Steven Speilberg: I love this part

She could see many of their faces from the ship. Their eyes were so
full of fear and hate. "Ryo-ohki, I want you to protect our family from any
and all harm that ever threatens them. As soon as I leave your deck, fly off
the planet and back to earth as fast as you can. Do you understand?"

(Mournfully) "Miya. Miya." Ryoko phased out of the deck and reappeared in
front of the crowd. Ryo-ohki did as she was told and flew away. The crowd
wanted to tear her limb from limb, but they were paralyzed with fear. She
materialized her energy sword which made them panic and back away from her.
She just smiled at them and cut of her left wrist. Her hand and gem fell to
the ground.

Ryoko: Hey, I'm not Aeka!

She regenerated her hand, and then she then took of her two
self-made gems that she wore as earrings and tossed them to the ground.
"Those gems are the source of all my powers. Without them, I cannot harm any
of you. I came here to allow you to have your vengeance for your loved ones
whom I killed over 700 years ago. Do with me what you will." Her smile never
faded as the crowd argued amongst themselves about what to do with her. They
finally decided that burning her at the stake would be the most fitting way
for her to die because the fires she caused had claimed thousands of
victims, even after Yosho had chased her off of the planet. One of the men
in the crowd stepped forward and punched her in the mouth.

Tenchi: That probably hurt his hand

She fell to the
ground, and he took a step back. He didn't know how she would react or if
she really did have some power left to fight back with. She stood up and
wiped the streak of blood that flowed from her cut lip. He lip healed almost
instantly, but soon she was under a barrage of punches and kicks. Her
healing system was slowed down immensely because of the lack of her gems.
She was being stomped repeatedly by anyone who could force their way through
the crowd and get a hit in. She was very close to death after only a couple
of minutes. "Wait! Don't kill her yet! She must feel the flames burn away
her flesh before she dies!"

Ryoko: Talk about holding a grudge

A few men in the crowd proceeded to drag her to
a suitable spot where a stake had already been put in place.

Lina: Teamwork

Tenchi saw Ryo-ohki fly towards him and proceeded to intercept it. He
ordered his ship to beam him onto Ryo-ohki, but Ryoko was no where to be
found. "I'm too late." He said just barely above a whisper. He told Ryo-ohki
to beam him back on his other ship and continue on her way. Tears began to
flow from his face,

Washu: There are those damn tears again

then he remembered what Washu had said. He knew he would
never make it in time in his cabbit ship, so he had to rely on his own
power.

Tenchi: Oh you mean that conveiniently forgotten power to instantly step 
through time and space?

He materialized the lighthawk wings, but he wasn't sure how to get on
Jurai. An idea popped into his head, though, and he began picturing himself
phasing out of his ship and onto Jurai. It worked. He looked around and
didn't see anything. How the hell was he supposed to find Ryoko now?

Ryoko had been tied onto the stake and wooden fuel for the fire surrounded
her.

Clayton: Is it just me or does anyone else remember her walking through fire 
in the first episode?

"Set the monster on fire!" "Kill the demon!" "Now you will know how it
feels, bitch!"

Bit: Wow, bitch is a cuss word on alien worlds too. Who knew?

These were just a few of the many shouts of the people.
Finally, the fire was started, and it didn't take long for it to spread. As
the heat increased more and more, Ryoko winced in pain.

Tenchi concentrated on an image of Ryoko and imagined teleporting to her
location. In a flash he saw what appeared to be a huge bonfire surrounded by
a mob of people.

All: (Hold out marshmellows on sticks)

He knew Ryoko was in that fire, and he hoped she was still
alive.

Ryoko: I'm fire proof and don't need to breathe. I'd say my chances are 
pretty good

He flew towards it at an incredible speed. In mid flight the
lighthawk wings washed over him and formed his armor, and he flew right
through the fire and grabbed Ryoko who had passed out and flew out of the
other side. The crowd stood in shock at the boy clothed in heavenly garments

Bit: Can I have the name of your tailor?

who cradled the space pirate in his arms. He pictured himself on the deck of
his ship and within a second they were there.

Clayton: Why didn't he do that earlier? (his voice echoes in the plot hole)

He noticed that Ryoko was
badly burned from the fire, and that her healing processes weren't kicking
in. He placed her in the chair and grabbed the Tenchi-ken. He prayed that
the two gems be returned to her, and they immediately took their places on
her right wrist and neck. He knew she could even heal herself faster if she
had her third gem and he teleported to where it lay in the dirt. He grabbed
it and her two earrings and teleported back to the ship. He then ordered the
ship to fly back to earth at full speed. He pointed the Tenchi-ken at the
third gem and absorbed it into the hilt of the sword. Then, he prayed that
it would be returned to Ryoko, and it took its place on her left wrist. He
then put on both of her earrings, and smiled down at the pirate. He noticed
that the burns on her flesh were starting to heal.

Ryoko: So a hand grows back instantly but a burn takes hours?

He held up the Tenchi-ken
and prepared to order the ship to contact Washu, but he decided that could
wait until later. He sat by her side until he became sleepy and finally
dozed off in the chair that he had the ship materialize for him.

Washu knew that they both would have had to reach Jurai by now. She prayed
that everything worked out okay,

Washu: Who else sees the irony of a former god praying?
All: (raise their hands)

but she couldn't ignore the dreadful
feeling in the pit of her stomach. What would Tenchi do if he wasn't able to
save her? She knew he would be overcome with guilt, but how would he handle
it? "I hope your love for her was enough to beat the odds," she said just
above a whisper. Tsunami appeared behind her.

"Washu, you must have faith in Tenchi. He capable of things you haven't even
imagined. Tenchi wouldn't let her die. I know how much he loves her."

"How can you be so sure, Tsunami?" The goddess smiled down at the redhead.

All: (begin choking on the irony)

"Wait and see, sister." She disappeared, and Washu was left baffled. Why had
Tsunami just called her, her sister? She decided to question it later and go
to bed. She was really tired mostly because of worry.

A few hours past before Ryoko started to stir. She moaned in her sleep, and
rolled over onto her side. She then rolled over onto her other side. She
moaned again and rolled onto her back.
She moved her right arm from her side
and placed it on Tenchi's face. This caused him to wake up. He grabbed her
arm and moved it off of his face. He sat up, and looked at the beautiful
space pirate. She was so angelic in her sleep. He smiled down at her and
held her hand in both of his. She smiled in her sleep. He had an urge to
wake her up, and tell her how much he loved her, but he didn't want to
disturb her either. She needed her sleep

Clayton: Call me crazy, but I'm getting the impression that she is asleep

after going through that ordeal. He
sat like that, unmoving, for a few hours. His sleepiness eventually got the
better of him though, and he laid his head on her stomach and fell asleep.
He lay on his side with his lower half being supported by his chair. His
upper body was supported by her chair. Her stomach served as a comfortable
pillow,

Ryoko: I know what would make better pillows

and his breathing soon became in sync with hers.

All: (Sing) Bye bye bye...

Washu awoke around seven o'clock in the morning. She decided to contact
Tenchi and see how things worked out. The dread she felt in her stomach
returned, and it intensified as she typed in the last commands on her
holotop. She hit the enter button and waited in absolute silence.

Ryoko was awakened by the beep that accompanied an incoming message. She
felt something heavy and warm on her stomach and glanced down to see
Tenchi's sleeping figure. She smiled, and it occurred to her, that he might
just love her after all.

Bit: No
Lina: Where did she get thast idea?
Washu: Beats me I just don't see it
Clayton: Me either
Ryoko and Tenchi: (french each other)

The last thing she remembered was the intense heat
of the fire before everything went black. She figured Tench must have
somehow saved her. She told the ship she would accept the message, but it
didn't respond. She tried contacting it telepathically, but she was unable
to. She guessed that it would only respond to Tenchi. She decided that it
wasn't important, and she ignored it. It beeped for about another minute
before ceasing. Ryoko just looked down at him and ran her fingers through
his hair.

Ryoko: It's like a chiapet

She had dreamt of being close to him in scenarios like this since
he was a small boy.

Others: (chant) Ryoko is a pedafile
Ryoko: Grow up!

She knew he would grow up and rescue her from the cold,
dark cave, but she hadn't even considered the possibility of him rejecting
her once she was free. Finally, when he hadn't rejected her, she had
rejected him.

Tenchi: I feel like such a reject
Bit: If it's any consolation you are a prince with god-like powers, a 
gorgeous wife, and a rich family
Tenchi: (shrugs) Eh

She figured he was lying to her because he didn't want her
death on his conscience, but she knew now that he had been telling her the
truth. He wanted her to stay because he loved her, but he didn't want any of
the others to know about ti because he thought it would hurt them. He didn't
realize how much it hurt her, though, when he would always act like he was
disgusted by her. She knew that she didn't exactly help matters out though.
She always forced herself on him,

Ryoko: (Rubbing her chest in Tenchi's face) Me?

and she always fought with Ayeka whenever
she got the chance. She never let her true feelings show, and she wasn't
exactly the most honest person in the world. She could see where all of this
played a major role in his not trusting her. Now everything was going to
change.

Lina: Lets start with Tenchi's underwear since there wasn't any toilet paper 
on the ship

She wouldn't hide her true feelings anymore, and she would earn his
trust.

The dread in the scientist's stomach seemed to knot up. She knew that just
because she got no response, it didn't mean anything was wrong. For all she
knew, they could be consummating their love for each other, but she realized
that Tenchi would never be bold enough to do something like that.

Tenchi: (Has a hand up Ryoko's dress)

She
sighed. She was desperate to know what had happened, but she would have to
wait. She decided to make breakfast for everyone to get her mind off of
them.

Tenchi finally awoke from what was probably the most sound sleep he had ever
had. He felt her running her fingers through his hair, and he smiled inside.
He decided to pretend to be asleep for a while longer. There was no telling
what she would try to do with him once she found out he was awake, and he
almost got a nosebleed just thinking about it.

Clayton: I'd think the blood would rush elsewhere

After laying there for about
a half hour though, he was getting a little anxious.

Clayton: I called it

He needed to contact
Washu and tell her that everything was fine. He knew that she would be quite
worried by now. He slowly opened his eyes and blinked. He sat up and turned
around to say good morning to her, but she phased out of her chair, and
phased back in with her arms around him. She hugged him very tightly and
rubbed up against him. His nose started to trickle blood, and she realized
that this was no way of earning his trust.

Tenchi: It's a start

She let him go and backed away
from him. He just smiled at her, and he decided it was time to confess.

Tenchi: I took the cookies you made and dumped then in the lake
Washu: No wonder the fish died

"Ryoko, I can't live a lie anymore.

Clayton: (As Tenchi) I've opted for the sex change

You nearly died because of me, and I
don't want anything like that to happen ever again. It hurt me when you
thought that I wanted you to leave. In fact, it would hurt me more if you
left than all of the other girls combined. I guess what I'm trying to say
is...well...um..." She took a step forward and put a finger on his lips to
silence him. Then she slid her hand back behind his head and pulled him
closer to her. Finally their lips met, and they kissed passionately. Time
seemed to slow down. What was only 3 minutes seemed like a lifetime. Tenchi
poured all of his emotions into the kiss, and they were matched by hers.
When they finally broke the kiss, a new euphoria consumed them. They hugged
each other and stared into each other's eyes. Love was all that could be
seen in the depths of their souls. It was a unity like no other in the
universe. Finally, they couldn't take it anymore, and they kissed
passionately anew.

Clayton: Note to self, send Leeman a thesaurus

Hormones and emotions were at an all time high, and there
was only one way to quench their thirst for each other. (This is not a
lemon. You have my permission to write a fic about what they do in the next
half hour, but you must let me read it before you submit it. I don't want
anything written in bad taste to be submitted to the archive.)

All: Cop out!
Ken Titus: Wussy!

Washu had almost finished cooking breakfast, when Sasami entered the
kitchen.

"Good morning, Washu."

"Good morning, Sasami. I decided to make breakfast for everyone today."

"Thank you. I really didn't feel like cooking anyway.

All: 0_0' What?

Have you spoken with
Tenchi?"

"The last time we spoke, he was nearing Jurai, I tried to contact him once
today, but I didn't get a response. I plan on trying again after breakfast."

"I hope everything worked out okay."

Tsunami: You know there was a time when those who doubted me got lightning 
bolts where the sun doesn't shine

"Don't worry, Sasami. If Tsunami has faith in him, so should we."

"I guess you're right. Do you want me to wake the others?"

"Please do. Make sure that when you reach Mihoshi and Kyonei's room, that
you knock and wait for them to answer, though."

Washu: Why ruin a good comic moment like that?

"Okay." She smiled and ran out of the room and up the stairs. Washu smiled
to herself. Sasami was probably the happiest and sweetest person she has
ever known.

Sasami went to wake up her sister first. This was usually a moderately
difficult task, but today Ayeka was awake and on her feet in seconds. She
went to Mihoshi and Kyonei's room next and knocked as Washu had warned her
to do. She heard scurrying and voices coming from the room. She even thought
she heard someone say something about having the wrong bra on.

Lina: $50 says it is Mihoshi

Another
minute passed before Kyonei answered the door.

"Good morning, Kyonei."

"Good morning, Sasami."

"Breakfast is almost ready."

"Thank you. We'll be down in a few." Sasami nodded and headed to Nobilyuki's
room. After waking him, she went into Mayuka's room, and brought her
downstairs.

Everyone gobbled down their food quickly except for Ayeka, who just stared
at her meal.

Lina: (As Aeka) No Syrup
Clayton: Mihoshi and Kiyone used it up last night

She was getting more and more depressed the more she thought
about losing Tenchi. It wasn't fair. Everyone she fell in love didn't love
her back.

Bit: We've3 been over this. Maybe we should introduce her to Harry
Lina: He is always saying he's destined to be king

What was wrong with her? She was attractive enough to be most
men's dream woman, and she was quite intelligent. She was also very
powerful. What did Ryoko have that she didn't?

Ryoko: An F-cup

Why would Tenchi choose the
space pirate over her?

Tenchi: She isn't my aunt and I don't want to be king
Clayton: And you love her
Tenchi: Uh yeah, that too

Was it because she was related to him?

Bit: Yes

She had
learned that, on earth, it was considered immoral to be with a relative.

Washu: Infact right after she landed she and Tenchi had a long talk on the 
subject

She
didn't understand why at first until she learned that the offspring from
related couples would often have birth defects. This never happened on
Jurai, and she assumed it was because humans were genetically less stable
than Jurains. She figured that since Tenchi had been raised on earth, he
would consider it immoral for her and him to be together, even though he was
of Jurai royal blood. She would never admit that Ryoko had won because her
love for him was much stronger than hers was.

Ryoko: I think she just did

Sasami noticed that her sister hadn't even touched her food. "What's wrong,
Ayeka?"

"Oh, nothing Sasami. I'm just not very hungry." Sasami knew that she was
lying, but she decided not to press the issue. After the meal, everyone
began doing their various chores. Ayeka announced that she wasn't feeling
well, however, and she went up to her room to rest. Washu decided to try
contacting Tenchi again, and typed in the commands on her holotop.

Ryoko and Tenchi lay in each other's arms. Both of them were smiling broadly
and thinking about each other. Their moment was interrupted by an incoming
transmission. They quickly got dressed and accepted the message.

"Hello, Little Washu."

"Hello, Tenchi." She smiled at the sight of Ryoko. She was very relieved
that everything had worked out okay. Then she noticed that both chairs were
pushed together,

Washu: I can't even imagine the possitions they had to use to make that work

and she grinned at the implications of this. Tenchi noticed
what she was looking at and began turning red. Ryoko was puzzled, but she
soon figured it out and began blushing as well.

"Tenchi, I didn't think you had it in you." He grew much redder, and Washu
laughed at this.

Ryoko: Well it wasn't 'in' him

"Cut the crap, Washu." A very solemn look came over Washu, and she looked
directly into her daughter's eyes.

"Ryoko, I was afraid that I had lost you. I have already felt the pain of
losing one child, and I cannot bear to lose another. Don't ever do something
stupid like this again." Ryoko looked at Washu with a thoughtful expression
on her face. Maybe Washu did care for her and was being sincere. She didn't
see how this could be any kind of trick to embarrass her.

"I won't, Washu. I promise." Both of them looked at each other for another
minute. Washu finally looked away. She knew Ryoko would never accept her as
her mother, and it was very painful.

Washu: (sniffles)

It was all her fault. If she hadn't
been so blind and saw Kagato for what he really was so many years ago, she
would have never been imprisoned in that crystal and Ryoko wouldn't have
been put through hell. He seemed totally devoted to science, and he was very
brilliant. He was her best student, and he soon became her lover as well.

Ryoko: Ew!
Tenchi: Yuck!
Washu: I'll kill this author!

She thought she would never love anyone again after her husband and child
were stolen from her. Kagato was very charismatic, and he stole her heart.

Clayton: Not to mention her daughter, space ship, and cabbit

She didn't know that he was only playing her to gain control of the most
powerful weapons in the universe. (Soja, Ryo-ohki, and Ryoko) Washu had just
finished her greatest work of all, Ryoko, and was about to throw the switch
that would drain the tank she was in and awaken her, but it didn't happen.
Kagato, who had been given access to her laboratory at the Science Academy,
knocked her out before she could do it. Ryoko's gems were already in place
and he saw them as a means of controlling her. He was the one who threw the
switch, and he took her and Ryo-ohki to the soja. He integrated himself with
the ship's computer and put Washu inside of a crystal on the lower half of
the ship.

Bit: Thanks for the flashback

If she hadn't been so easily fooled by him, maybe her daughter
would love and respect her today. Tenchi finally broke the silence and cut
off the scientist's thoughts.

"How is everyone doing at home?"

"Everyone is doing okay. Ayeka is pretty depressed, but she'll be okay in
time. By the way, where are you?"

Washu: I wouldn't need to ask

Tenchi answered, "We're about ten hours away, but we're going to stop at the
nearest populated planet and get some food. We will probably stay there over
night and be home tomorrow." Ryoko added, "Ryo-ohki will be home later on
today." Everyone said their goodbye's and the screen went black. Ryoko
turned to Tenchi, "I thought were going straight home."

"I am starving, and I thought it would give us a chance to get out of this
ship and get some fresh air. We could have some fun and relax."

"As long as we're together, I don't care where we go or what we do." They
kissed each other again. Tenchi gave the ship orders to stop at the nearest
populated planet.

Author's notes: That really was a fun chapter to write. I know the romance
seen was pretty weak

All: Yes!

compared to the one in my other story, "A Valentine's
Day to Remember," but oh well. The next chapter will contain details of
Tenchi and Ryoko's day together.

Clayton: He never wrote that one
All: Hooray!

I'm not sure what else it will contain, but
it'll come to me when I start writing it. Please send me all of your
comments and criticism. I would really appreciate it.

Clayton: Somehow I doubt that (Gets up) Lets get out of here (Is zapped by 
the doorknob while the others laugh at him)



