Disclaimer: Kiyone is property of Pioneer, and the other anime 
characters used are properties of other companies which I didn't really 
try to find the names of.  As always, the divine warrior Ronin is my 
own creation, and anyone caught using him without permission shall be 
roasted by the mighty Phoenix Flare Attack.  Enjoy.

(Opens in Ronin's lair.  Ronin sits on straw mat, meditating quietly.  
He raises a hand and turns on the TV.  One eye opens to see what is 
going on.  He cries out in disgust)
Ronin:  No, please god no.it's.a LEMON!
(Ronin raises his arms high in the air)
Ronin:  Anime allies, I need your help!  Kiyone, Kain, Lina, COME!  (no 
pun intended)
(The anime allies appear)
Kiyone:  We heard your call.  You sounded desperate.
Ronin:  Indeed.  Look at that.
Lina:  (looks)  Agh!  Dammit, Ronin!
Kain:  This is most disagreeable, swordsman.
Ronin:  Oh, just shut up and help me.

"As always I make no claim to the characters in this story..." Knock at 
the door. Author gets up and answers it, "Hello?" Aeaka bursts into the 
room and points a sword at him. "Hold it right there! I am sick of you 
finding ways for Ryoko to get Tenchi. Plus you keep mispelling my name. 
It's Aeaka, not Ayeaka moron. 

Ronin:  I thought it was A-y-e-k-a.
Kiyone:  No, no, it was A-e-k-a.
Lina:  You're both wrong.  It's p-r-i-s-s-y-b-i-t-c-h

So far I've had to marry Yosho, Marry Yosho AND Washu, been driven mad, 
and just plain been forced to give up. I am sick of it." 
 
Kain:  And I am sick of stupid lemons.
Lina:  She had to marry Yosho?  Puke-o-rama!
Kiyone:  It was probably the young Yosho.
Ronin:  Regardless, the author must really not like Ayeka.
Kiyone:  Damn it, I still think it's A-e-k-a!

Author sighs and looks at her, "Sorry, but it's what the public wants. 
Ever since you laughed at Ryoko when she told you about watching Tenchi 
from the cave." Aeaka growls and presses the sword to the author's 
throat, "I don't care. I don't know how you and those other writers 
keep altering our reality but from here on out I get Tenchi, got it?" 
Author smiles and Aeaka finds herself strapped to a chair with her 
mouth gagged. 

Lina:  (smirks) Well, someone's a little hentai.

The author also takes a quick polaroid and mails it to Ryoko. "Now 
princess, you will sit back and enjoy the story or next time I'll 
either marry you off to Nobiyuki or Serio." Aeaka's eyes go wide with 
fear and she mummbles through the gag. "Hey, I don't even know why you 
are bothering me. I wasn't the one who wrote the stories where you end 
up with Ryoko or the other girls. And to answer your earlier question 
Washu reads the stories in the TMFFA archive and makes them real with 
her dimension tuner. What did you think she did in there all day?" So 
as Aeka screams into the gag and the author finishes this lame bit and 
telling people that he doesn't own the characters, lets begin the 
heartfelt story. "Ok it's a lemon, but it's still hearfelt." 

(Ronin's crew laughs uncontrollably)
Ronin:  A heartfelt lemon?  BAAAHAHAHAHA!!!!!  Since when does a lemon 
have depth not related to the uterus?
Kain:  (stops laughing) Well, there was Aikan Muyo.
Lina: And Fukanzen.
(Ronin quiets down)
Kiyone:  Well, Ronin, they've got you there.

Ayeaka screams again as the room fades to black. "Stay tuned after the 
story for warnings about content and my appologies for yet another 
story with Mihoshi and Kyonei having sex. I may do Ryoko and Tenchi, 
but I'm not sure yet. If the story gets a little off topic, please bear 
with me. 

Ronin:  (Raises eyebrow) Kiyone?  Is there something you want to tell 
me?
Kiyone:  (Face turns red) That son of a bitch author.  I'm going to 
kill him.

Picture Perfect By, Clayton Overstreet 
Tenchi and the others sat in the living room watching t.v. when 
Nobiyuki came rushing in from his dark room. "They're done. They're 
finaly finished!" Everyone looked at him. "What's done Dad?" Tenchi 
asked. 

Ronin (as Nobuyuki): I tied up all the lemon writers in the world and 
burned them to death!
(All wave flags and cheer)

Nobiyuki smiles and slammed a stack of books onto the table. "I made 
the pefect family photo albums. And I have one for each of you!" He 
passed out the albums to the eager group. Tenchi took his and glanced 
at the clock, "I'll look at them later dad, I have to get to the carrot 
patch." 

Lina:  No, Tenchi, don't do it! 
Ronin:  What's wrong?
Lina:  Bad things happen there.  I've seen at least half a dozen 
pukefests that take place in the garden.   Remember the old story, 'At 
the Carrot Patch'?
Ronin (Eyes widen): NO, TENCHI, DON"T GO!!!

Tenchi went to his room and set his down on his dresser while he got 
dressed. Meanwhile the others ran off to their own rooms, mostly to see 
what pictures of Tenchi they had. They didn't even notice when Tenchi 
left. Sasami and Ryo-oki sat in the kitchen flipping through the photo 
album. They laughed at pictures of Ryoko and Ayeaka fighting. Nobiyuki 
had managed to get them right before they fell into the lake. Flipping 
through the pages she saw pictures of Mihoshi and Kyonei together. She 
couldn't help but notice that Nobiyuki had taken one from behind a 
bush. It showed the galaxy police officers enjoying and picnic together 
and smiling happily... kind of like how her sister and Ryoko smiled at 
Tenchi. 

Ronin:  (appearing uneasy) Kiyone.what's going on?
Kiyone:  Something tells me I don't want to stay and find out.

"Myah," Ryo-oki said and pointed to a picture of Tenchi as a little boy 
playing outside the cave. "Yeah, he was pretty cute back then." Sasami 
said. Ryo-oki nodded. In the picture Tenchi was staring at the rock by 
the cave. Sasami looked closer and almost thought she could 
see...RIIIIIIINGGGG! 

Ronin: Dear god no!  Not a riiiiiingggg!

They both jumped and looked towards the stove where the egg time had 
gone off. "Oh, lunch is ready!" She and Ryo-oki sat their album on the 
counter and left to prepare the dining room. Kyonei and Mihoshi sat up 
in their attic room staring at the picture of them on their picnic. 
"How did Nobiyuki get this?" Kyonei yelled. Mihoshi shrugged and smiled 
pleasantly, "Well atleast he didn't get any pictures of how we ended 
that picninc." Kyonei's eyes widdend. 

Ronin:  And apparently, they're widening again here.
Kain:  (disgusted) You mortals and your 'picnics'.

And she looked at Mihoshi, "What if he did and just didn't put them in 
the album?" Mihoshi thought about it and shrugged. "Well then I guess 
he knows then and isn't going to tell anyone." She smiled and gave 
Kyonei a kiss on the cheek, "Besides, what have we got to be 
embarrassed about?" Kyonei blushed and shrugged, "I'm sorry Mihoshi." 

Kiyone:  I don't like the turn this story has taken.
Ronin:  Heehee.I kinda do.
(Kiyone whacks Ronin.  The swordsman goes flying)

Mihoshi smiled and hugged her, "It's ok Kyonei." Kyonei smiled and 
hugged back. "Still I think we should relieve mister Misaki of any 
other pictures he may have." Mihoshi grinned and nodded, "Sure." They 
walked down stairs and worked their way towards Nobiyuki's room. Ayeaka 
sat in her room. She had come up with the perfect plan to get Tenchi to 
finaly notice her. Since Nobiyuki seemed to have set it up so that each 
of the girls had their own page, she went through her photo album and 
removed all the pictures of Ryoko. Laughing maniacly she then snuck 
into Tenchi's room and switched her's for his. When he got back he'd be 
so pleased that she had taken out the picures of that horrible monster 
and let her own beutiful face for him to look at. She was sure that 
when he saw her face staring out at him he'd fall totaly in love with 
her. "Ha, that'll show Ryoko!" Ryoko smiled and lay back looking at the 
pictures. She had been looking at the ones of Tenchi as a little boy 
for a long time. She remembered those days well. That was when she had 
first started to love him. 

Lina:  (chanting) Ryoko's a pederast, Ryoko's a pederast!

She had played with him by the cave all his life, until he couldn't see 
her any more. His favorite game had been to defete the dragon, fight 
his way into the castle, and kiss the princess awake. A tear fell from 
her cheek when she remembered the day his mother had died. He had come 
to the shrine to see her, to tell her what was wrong, but he couldn't 
see her any more. 

Ronin:  Wait a sec.  According to the storyline, Tenchi never even met 
Ryoko until he was in his late teens.
Kain:  Bear in mind, Ronin, this is a lemon.  Sense and reason have no 
place here.

Ryoko had tried to comphort him but without him seeing her there was 
nothing she could do. "Ryoko, lunch is ready!" Ryoko shook her head and 
looked down from her place in the rafters. She sighed and set the album 
aside, then wiped her cheeks dry. "Ok Sasami I'll be right down." 
"Washu, lunch time!" Washu heard Sasami's call from behind. She had 
been monitoring the other's reactions to the pictures. It had been 
interesting but she had not had a chance to look at them herself yet. 
She turned and called back to Sasami, "I'm kinda buisy Sasami. I'll get 
something at dinner ok?" Sasami sighed and closed the door. Washu 
picked up her album and was about to look at it when she saw Sasami on 
one of the monitors. She had caught Kyonei and Mihoshi just outside of 
Nobiyuki's room and had dragged them off to lunch. Washu chuckled and 
turned to the pictures. She was amazed at some of the shots that 
Nobiyuki had managed. He'd even gotten things that Washu's own sensores 
had missed. When she got to the part with Tenchi as a child she stopped 
and stared. In all the pictures of him with his mother at the shrine, 
he was staring at something. Washu slid one of the pictures under her 
light wave augmentor and went through three different settings before 
she saw what he was staring at. Ryoko was laying on he back, pretending 
to sleep while Tenchi leaned down to kiss her. Washu's jaw dropped. Her 
daughter had apparently known Tenchi for quite some time. Why had he 
forgotten her? She immediately turned back to her computer to do some 
quick calculations. 

Ronin:  Oh, good.  At least the author makes an attempt to cover his 
own plot holes.

At lunch everyone kept talking about the albums. Nobiyuki basked in 
their thanks and appreciation. Ryoko smiled and said, "Nobiyuki despite 
everything else, you are realy good with that cammera." Mihoshi and 
Kyonei blushed. Kyonei looked at Nobiyuki and said, "Yes, me and 
Mihoshi want to talk to you about some of those later." Ayeaka smiled 
and said, "Yes, I must agree. There was only one flaw in mine. Somehow 
your cammera managed not to break when you took Ryoko's picture." Ryoko 
growled and looked at her with glowing red eyes. Sasami beat her to it 
though, "Now sister that was mean. Now appologize to Ryoko this 
instant." Ayeaka stuck up her nose and looked away, "I'll do no such 
thing." Ryoko got up from he table and flew out of the room. Sasami 
felt bad that her sister had insulted Ryoko again, but she would have 
felt worse if she had noticed the tears that fell on the floor in her 
passing. Tenchi arrived home at about sunset. He was a bit suprised 
that Ryoko hadn't latched onto him at the door, but was a bit relieved. 
He made it to his room and lay down on his bed. After a minute he 
remembered his album and reached to pick it up off the dresser. He 
leafed through it and smiled at the different pictures. He'd almost 
forgotten the games he used to play by the cave with his imaginary 
people. He reached the end of the book and noticed something odd. There 
had not been one picture of Ryoko. He flipped through again. There was 
Mihoshi, Kyonei, Sasami, Ryo-oki, his dad, grandpa, and most especialy 
Ayeaka. But not a one of Ryoko. Looking closer he noticed a partialy 
torn page. Sighing he shook his head, "Ayeaka." He got up and walked 
out to the living room. Maybe someone else would have the other 
pictures. As he came down the stairs Washu's door opened and the red 
haired scientist peeked out. Tenchi smiled and said, "Hey Washu, my 
album seems to have gotten damaged. Can I take a look at your's?" Washu 
smiled and nodded, then her face turned deadly serious. "Actualy 
Tenchi, there was something in it that I think you should see." 

Ronin (as Washu): A naked self-taken picture of Nobuyuki is in this 
one!
Lina:  EEW!  Sick, Ronin!

She grabbed Tenchi by his shirt and pulled him into the lab. Ayeaka sat 
back and smiled at the picture in her hand. She was sure she had head 
Tenchi say her name earlier and she took that as a good sign. Turning 
the page she looked at Tenchi playing by the cave. The thoughts of the 
time Ryoko had claimed to have been there when Tenchi was young. She 
looked and saw Tenchi bent down over air, with his lips puckered. She 
grinned and imagined herself beneith him. She blinked slightly,her 
inner eyelids briefly flashing over her eyes. 

Kain:  Ryoko has two sets of eyelids?  That is most disturbing.
Ronin: Two sets, huh?  Whaddaya know?  Ryoko's a beaver.
Kiyone: (shocked) Not cool, Nathan!
Ronin: (blinking) What?
Lina: Think about what you just called Ryoko.
Ronin: What?  I said she's a beav-.oh geez.  My bad.

In that moment, she gasped and dropped the album. She could have sworn 
she had seen Ryoko there. Shaking her head she picked it back up and 
looked again, closing her inner lids. There was Ryoko. Tenchi's lips 
seemed to be inside her's like she was a hologram or something. Ayeaka 
quickly flipped the pages. In each of the pictures by the cave was 
Ryoko. Standing on a rock, dancing with Tenchi, all of them. "No, 
it...it's a trick!" Ayeaka was virtualy paniking. Trick or not if 
Tenchi saw Ryoko in those pictures Ayeaka's chances with him would be 
ruined. Ayeaka ran out of her room and straight to Tenchi's. She 
knocked quietly on hi his door and when he didn't answer she snuck in. 
She saw the album laying next to his bed. She knew that Fnaho and 
Yoshi, being mostly human didn't have the inner eyelids like Juraians, 
and so might not have seen Ryoko in the pictures. 

Ronin:  Yoshi?  Since when are the Mario Brothers involved in this?
Kiyone:  How do you see hidden things with eyelids?
(Kain shrugs)
Lina: Hey!  I didn't know Ryoko was a Juraian!
Ronin: She isn't.
Lina: Then why did he say-oh right.

But the pictures themselves might stir up things Ayeaka felt were best 
forgotten... even if it was just a trick. It had to be. She quickly 
ripped out the pages with the shrine on then and ran back to her room. 
Now she wouldn't have to worry about it unless... "Sasami!" Mihoshi and 
Kyonei looked through Nobiyuki's closet for any sign of the pictures. 
They had found porn magazine upon porn magazine, but they just couldn't 
couldn't find the damn pictures. Suddenly from the doorway a voice came 
to them, "Looking for these?" Nobiyuki stood there holding up some 
negatves and another photoalbum. He opened it and it showed Mihoshi and 
Kyonei on their picnic blanket kissing and pawing eachother.Kyonei 
blushed and grabbed them away from him, "Tell anyone about this and 
I'll launchi you out of Yukanojo's airlock."

Kiyone:  Tell him, sister! (even though that's not my ship)

Nobiyuki laughed and both girls ran past him and back to their room. 
Kyonei sat down on her bed and sighed with relief. Mihoshi lay on her 
own bed and turned towards the wall. After afew minutes Kyonei heard a 
small wimper come from Mihoshi's bed. "Mihoshi, are you alright?" She 
walked over and put her hand on Mihoshi's shoulder. Mihoshi looked at 
Kyonei's hand for a minute and then pulled away, red eyed with tears 
down he cheeks. "What's wrong Mihoshi?" Kyonei asked. Mihoshi rolled 
over and looked at her, "You don't love me." 

Kain:  I knew it.
Kiyone:  Kain!  This is just a lemon!  It's not real!
Kain:  Of course not.  (faking a cough) carpet muncher.
Kiyone: Screw you.

Kyonei bit her lip and blushed, "Yes I do Mihoshi, you know that." 
Mihoshi looked away again, "Then you are embarrased and I'm not sure 
that is'nt worse." Kyonei shook her head in disbelief, "Mihoshi, what 
do you..." Mihoshi interupted her, "I think it's pretty clear what I 
mean." Mihoshi sit up and looked directly into Kyonei's eyes, "I love 
you Kyonei. I want to be with you more than anything else in this 
world. But not if that's not what you want." Mihoshi sobbed again and 
looked down. Kyonei too began to cry, "I love you too Mihoshi. I 
just..." Mihoshi reached up and put a hand on Kyonei's cheek. "You what 
Kyonei?" Kyonei held Mihoshi's hand tight to her, "I never loved anyone 
before and I never thought it would happen with another girl. Do you 
know what my parent's were like Mihoshi?" Mihoshi shook her head and 
waited for Kyonei to continue. "They tried to arrange marriages for me, 
pushing me at one boy after another. Telling me to give them a grandson 
so they could pass the company onto him. On the world I come from men 
are in charge. That's why I ran away and joined the GP. I just had to 
get out of there and show them I was as good as they were..." 

Ronin:  Kiyone, what is this?  What about us?
Kiyone:  It's a lemon, for god's sake!
Lina:  Suuuure
Kiyone:  (growls menacingly)

Mihoshi pulled Kyonei into her lap and hugged her close. Petting 
Kyonei's hair she said, "Kyonei, you are way better than they are. You 
have nothing to prove to anyone Kyonei." Kyonei looked up at her and 
smiled, "You realy think so?" Mihoshi nodded. Kyonei leaned forward 
slowly and kissed Mihoshi. Mihoshi kissed back, playing with Kyonei's 
tongue. When they broke apart they were both smiling. "Kyonei, I'm 
sorry. I won't forse you to tell..." Kyonei put a finger on Mihoshi's 
lips. "No Mihoshi, you were right. I need to get over this or we'll 
never be happy." Mihoshi smiled and hugged her. "You know Kyonei, those 
pictures Nobiyuki took have given me an idea." Kyonei looked up and saw 
Mihoshi's eyes sparkle. "Think we have time for some fun before 
dinner?" Kyonei nodded and reached under Mihoshi's shirt and unhooked 
her bra. It came off remarkably easily. Mihoshi smiled and tried to 
give Kyonei the same treatment only to find that she wasn't wearing 
one. 

Ronin: Yes you do!
Kiyone: (putting Ronin in a headlock) Agh!  Shut up!
(Lina snickers)

Kyonei giggled at Mihoshi's suprised expression. "Oh you think it's 
funny huh?" Kyonei nodded and jumped away, "What do you think you can 
do about it Miz Mihoshi." Mihoshi grinned and started towards her, "I'm 
afraid that First Class detective Kyonei may need some disipline." 
Kyonei raised her head, "Why Mihoshi I had no idea you were into S&M." 

Kain:  Pardon me, but what is S&M?
(Lina whispers to Kain)
Kain:  (horrified, then disgusted look) You humans are such vile 
creatures!  I'm leaving now!
Ronin:  Oh, no you don't.
(Ronin fires energy blast.  Kain is KO'd.  Kain wakes up later, tied 
up)
Ronin:  Don't worry.  We paused it for you.
Kain:  Damn you!  How can you be so cruel-and how did you tie me up?
Ronin:  Artistic license.  Ok, on with the show.

Mihoshi looked at her confused and then threw a pillow at Kyonei's 
head, "You're worse than Nobiyuki!" Kyonei ducked the pillow and turned 
back to Mihoshi, only to get another pillow in the face. Kyonei gasped 
and smiled, grabbing her own pillow. "So it's a fight you want huh?" 
Mihoshi grinned and said, "Yeah! And I'll kick your butt!" They both 
began hitting eachother and laughing histricaly. Kyonei accidentaly 
ripped Mihoshi's shirt. Mihoshi bit her lip and grinned, "Ok, if that's 
the way you want to play it." Kyonei's eyes widdend, "What? Wait, no!" 
Then she burst out laughing as Mihoshi ripped her shirt off. Kyonei 
growled and tore Mihoshi's the rest of the way off. Then did the same 
to her pants. By the end of it they both lay naked and covered in 
feathers. 

Ronin:  Dear god!  It's the Bird Women from Outer Space!
Kiyone:  Oh, shut up.  The feathers are from the pillows.
Lina:  (nudges Kiyone) Well, you would know.
(Ronin laughs, and receives another whack)

Mihoshi crawled over and kissed Kyonei again, leaning her back. Kyonei 
moaned. Then she began kissing her way down Mihoshi's neck. Mihoshi put 
her head back and gasped when Kyonei nipped on her collar bone. "Ooo, 
that felt good Kyonei, do it again!" Kyonei continued (At this point 
the author wishes to appologize for this. I guarentee the story will 
not end with the sex, this just kind of happened.) to kiss Mihoshi's 
neck. Mihoshi reached down and began squeazing Kyonei's breast and 
working the nipple between her fingers. Kyonei gasped and pressed 
against Mihoshi. Looking up she kissed Mihoshi on the mouth and began 
rubbing her vagina against Mihoshi's. They both moaned and shivered. 
Suddenly they broke apart and moaned as they both reached their climax. 
Kyonei and Mihoshi broke separated but kept kissing eachother. Finaly 
they both looked into the other's eyes and said, "I love you." (The 
author thanks you for hanging around. Then again if you weren't looking 
for a good lemon you wouldn't have found this anyway. Atleast I managed 
an actual story right?) 

Ronin:  Wouldn't have found it.  Riiiight.
Kiyone:  Actual story.  riiiight.

Down in Washu's lab Tenchi stared in amazement. Under Washu's lighting 
he could see himself as a young boy... and Ryoko. 

Kain:  He saw himself as Ryoko?  How bizarre.

"Washu, what does this mean? How could Ryoko have been there when I was 
little? She was still locked up in the cave." Washu smiled, "I did a 
study of Yosho's containment facility. It is a brilliant piece of work, 
but it did neglect to take one of Ryoko's abilities into account. 
Astral projection." Tenchi frowned, "You mean like leaving your body 
and stuff?" Washu nodded, "Yes, exactly. I also believe that Ryoko 
spending so much time watching you in her astral form was what allowed 
her body to dehydrate to the point at which you saw in the cave." 

Kiyone: Uh, Nathan?
Ronin: Yes, sweetie?
Kiyone: Two things: first, don't call me that again, and second-I gotta 
go.
Ronin: Eh? 
Kiyone: You know.  I have to.go.
Ronin: What are you talking about?
Lina: She has to piss, you moron.
Kiyone: Lina!  You don't have to say it like that!
Lina: What?  This MST is shameless enough as it is.
Ronin: Well, go ahead.  We'll pause it for you.
Kiyone: (sweatdrops) uh.you really don't have to do that on my account.  
I'll be back soon.
Ronin: Oh, Kiyone, we wouldn't dream of inhibiting your viewing 
pleasure.
Kain: And if Lina and I have to suffer through this, so shall you, 
mortal.
Ronin: (turns to camera) Well, I guess we'll take a breather here.  Get 
up, stretch, grab a snack,  scratch your extremities, and join us in 
Part II of this tasteful little MST!

TO BE CONTINUED.
Disclaimer:  Kiyone, Kain, and Lina are all property of people other 
than myself.  Ronin, of course, is my creation, and any duplication of 
him will be answered by a mighty Kiryokuken attack.  (Read the Blade of 
the Jimmu saga to find out what the hell that is, by the way.)

Ronin: Ok, people we're back!  Kiyone and I just finished a quickie in 
the bathroom, and now we're good to go for the second half!
(Kiyone turns red and covers her face.  Kain and Lina snicker.)

Tenchi looked back at the picture of him kissing Ryoko, the memories of 
his childhood games returning. he reached out and pressed his finger to 
the image. "I remember this. I was pretending to rescue the sleeping 
princess from the castle. I always thought I'd made her up." Washu 
shook her head. "Nope. She was there all right." Tenchi bit his lip in 
growing horror. "When I saw her in the cave, she... she was trying to 
kiss me." 

Lina:  Hey!  Tenchi finally caught on to the fact a girl is hitting on 
him!

Tears fell from his cheeks onto Washu's equiment. "Hey, watch it Tenchi 
that is fragile equipment." 

Kain:  The most advanced scientific equipment in the universe and 
nothing's waterproof.how ironic.

Tenchi stepped back and wiped away the tears. Unfortunately they were 
almost immediately replace. "I'm sorry Washu. It's just that she waited 
so long and when we finaly met I not only ran away, but I hurt her with 
the sword. No wonder she attacked me at the school. I... I have to talk 
with her!"He turned to leave only to be stopped by Washu's hand holding 
his shirt. "Tenchi, what exactly do you plan to say to my daughter? Let 
alone Ayeaka?" 

Ronin (as Tenchi as Austin Powers): First, I plan to soil myself.  Then 
I'm going to regroup and come up with a new plan.

Tenchi stopped and looked back at her. "I don't know Washu. But... I 
have to say something." Washu nodded and pressed a button on her 
computer. A chair appeared for Tenchi to sit in. He sat and looked at 
her. "Tenchi, as you know Ryoko and Ayeaka both have strong feelings 
for you. I too have some feelings for you Tenchi, but I know that I am 
just a bit too old for you." 

Lina:  A bit?  HAHAHAHAHA!!!!

They both smiled at that. "And despite my actions, I do care about my 
daughter. Now I want to know exactly how you feel about both her and 
Ayeaka." Tenchi took a deep breath, "Well Ayeaka is the easy one. Like 
the rest of you, I see her as family. 

Kiyone:  Well, she is your great aunt.
Ronin:  How delightfully incestuous the writer's mind is.
Kain:  Delightfully?
Ronin:  Sorry.

I love you all like sisters. But Ryoko... I'm not sure how I feel about 
her. I just know sometimes she scares me and other times..." He looked 
at the album, "...Other times I can't picture my life without her. It's 
just she gets so pushy when Ayeaka is around. I'm not sure how I feel 
about her because I never felt this way about anyone." Washu nodded. 
Just as she suspected. "Tenchi, nobody is perfect... even I have my 
flaws so wipe that smirk off your face! I tried to build my daughter to 
be perfect, but Kagato took much of that away. I used to think that one 
day she might become like him. But then she found you. Without you she 
has nothing else Tenchi. Ayeaka still has family, but she doesn't even 
see me as her realy mother." 

Ronin:  Well.Washu's not her real mother.so.
Kiyone:  Sometimes I wonder where this author is getting his ideas.
Lina:  I agree. This guy hurts my head.

Washu's voice cracked slightly. Tenchi put a hand on her shoulder. 
Washu's form blurred, almost appearing to be two people at once. Tenchi 
recognized Washu's adult form. "Washu, are... are you alright?" Washu 
shook her head, "No Tenchi I'm not alright. In my life I have had two 
children taken from me. First my son and then my daughter. I used to 
think that by being a child myself I could avoid the hurt and pain of 
the world. But it didn't work Tenchi. It wasn't enough!" Washu put her 
face onto Tenchi's shoulder and he rubbed her head. (Don't worry, 
though I think it might be kinda cute, Washu doesn't have sex with him) 

Kain:  Ah, very good.  The punishment I will inflict on this man will 
be less painful now.
Ronin:  Don't count your chickens before they hatch.  It's not over 
yet.

Tenchi hugged her tight as her form settled on the adult version. 
"Washu, I don't know what to say. I can't help you with this except to 
say... maybe you should tell Ryoko this too." Washu smiled up at him, 
"Well it's a little late for that Tenchi." Tenchi looked down at her. 
"What do you mean?" Washu sat back and crossed her legs. "She heard 
every word through our mind link." Tenchi's jaw dropped. "You mean 
everything I said she... Washu how could you?" Tenchi jumped up and ran 
out the door. In her mind Washu sighed, "I was afraid that might 
happen." Ryoko spoke in her mind, "You shoouldn't have done this 
Washu." Washu raised an eyebrow, "Why not? You know we both meant every 
word we said." Ryoko sighed in her mind and said, "That's why you 
shouldn't have done it Mom." The link terminated and Washu was left 
alone in her lab once again.   Ayeaka was in her room when she heard 
Tenchi run up the stairs. She peeked out and saw him dash past and into 
his room. After a minute of indecision she followed him. Knockign 
softly on his room door she asked, "Lord Tenchi? What happened? Are you 
alright?" Inside the room she could hear heavy breathing and crying. 
Finaly he answered, "I'm fine Ayeaka. Please... I just need some time 
alone." Ayeaka almost spoke again, but let her voice be cut off in her 
throat. She turned and with a final glance back, she went back to her 
room. Tenchi lay on his bed, tears staining the pillow. He knew he 
shouldn't be too upset with Washu. He just wished she had let him tell 
Ryoko what he wanted to say face to face. "Tenchi?" He buried his face 
in the pillow and yelled back at the voice, "Ayeaka I said I don't want 
to talk right now." He felt a hand on his shoulder, "It's not Ayeaka." 

Lina (as Sasami): It's me, Tenchi!  This sick bastard of a writer says 
I'm gonna have sex with you now!
Ronin:  Dude!  What are you doing?
Lina:  I just wanted to call the writer a sick bastard.
Kiyone:  There are less sickening ways of saying it, you know.

He turned and saw Ryoko standing there. He tried to meet her eyes, but 
couldn't. "Tenchi, I am sorry. I didn't know Washu was going to do 
that." He nodded but kept his face buried in the pillow. Ryoko stepped 
back from his bed, "If you want me to I'll leave." She turned away and 
started to phase through the wall, when she felt a hand on her wrist. 
"No Ryoko. Please... I need to tell you something anyway." Ryoko sat 
down on the bed next to him, waiting for him to continue. "Ryoko I need 
to say I'm sorry." "Tenchi, you don't have anyhing to appologize for. 
It wasn't your fault you forgot me. It's not your fault that I scare 
you." Ryoko bit her lip. Tenchi reached forward and turned her head 
towards his, "Ryoko you don't scare me. You used to but not anymore. I 
think it was my grandfather's stories that were what scared me the 
most." Ryoko smiled and nodded. "My trying to kill you when we met 
didn't exactly help though did it?" He smiled and shook his head. "No, 
I guess not. But that was my fault too. When we first met you didn't 
try to kill me. You tried to kiss me." 

Ronin:  Then, later at school, she tried to kill him.
Kain:  A woman's heart is a fickle thing.
Ronin:  Amen to that, brother.
Kiyone: Hey!

Ryoko's breath caught in her throat. "You know?" Tenchi nodded. "Yes. 
Washu showed me the pictures... reminded me about our game." Ryoko lay 
back on the bed and looked at the ceiling. "I know Tenchi. You used to 
save me from the castle... the cave in my case. Who would have thought 
that one day you would save me for real?" Tenchi smiled down at her. "I 
know what you mean Ryoko. Dr.Clay, Kagato..." He stopped when Ryoko 
flinched at that name. "Ryoko, why didn't you ever tell me that you had 
been there this whole time?" Ryoko closed her eyes, "I guess because 
when I told Ayeaka she laughed at me." 

Kiyone:  Since when does Ryoko give a crap what Ayeka thinks.
Lina:  Since this writer sat down at the keyboard.
Kiyone:  Oh, right.

Tenchi bit his tongue. Ofcourse Ayeaka wouldn't take Ryoko seriously in 
something like this. He shook his head. This had to stop. "Ryoko, never 
keep anything like this from me again, promise?" Ryoko sucked on her 
lip but nodded, "Alright Tenchi. I promise." Ryoko lay there in silence 
for a minute before she noticed something odd. She felt warm breath on 
her lips. Inhaling she smelled Tenchi just above her. She let go of her 
lip and said, "T-Tenchi?" Tenchi ran a hand down her face, her eyes 
still closed, "Shh Ryoko. Please just let me do this." Ryoko kept her 
eyes closed, her bottom lip trembling slightly. She nodded almost 
imperceptibly. Suddenly she felt something press against her lips 

Lina: Please let it be just Tenchi's mouth.
Kain: I am afraid the writer is deaf to our pleas of mercy.

and everything else left her. 
Opening her eyes she saw Tenchi's eyes looking back at her. She felt 
his arms wrap around her and allowed hers to hold him. She felt his 
tongue push against her lips and parted her mouth ever so slightly. 
Tenchi's tongue slid into her mouth and hers slid into his. Ryoko 
moaned slightly and held him closer. When they separated he smiled down 
and she smiled up. "So, you are finaly awake?" Ryoko nodded, "You have 
your princess now Tenchi. You have me. Always have..." "Always will." 
He finished for her. Ryoko smiled, tears dripping down her face, "Is 
that a promise Tenchi. Now and always?" Tenchi nodded and kissed the 
tears from her cheeks. 

Ronin:  Aw, how sweet.For a minute I almost forgot what a perv this guy 
is.

"I mean it Ryoko. I'm only sorry I didn't admit it to myself before 
now." Ryoko pulled him into another deep kiss. As she did she also 
lifted a leg and wrapped it around him, pressing his waist into her. He 
broke the kiss and looked at her worriedly. 

Kiyone: Ah, indecisiveness!  That's the Tenchi we know and love!

"Ryoko, are you sure about this. I don't want to go to far."

Lina:  (Laughing) Since when would Ryoko not want to get boinked by 
Tenchi?

Ryoko let out an exasperated sigh, "Tenchi, you've said you love me. 
Now I want you to show it. And I want you to let me show you too. 
Please Tenchi." Looking down into her eyes Tenchi was lost in them. 
Finaly everything he had ever wanted he found in those eyes. He slowly 
nodded. Ryoko ran her hands down his back, wraping them around her 
waist above her leg. 

Kain:  Of course.as opposed to the waist below her leg.

She unzipped his pants and slid them down. Tenchi started lifting her 
shirt off and stopped. "I don't want to ruin this moment with another 
nose bleed Ryoko. But I also don't want you to ever think that I don't 
love you." Ryoko laughed at his indecision. "Then I'll just have to 
divert the blood to somwhere else." She pulled down his underwear and 
slowly rubbed his dick. Tenchi shivered at her touch as he stiffened. 
Ryoko phased out of her clothes and pulled Tenchi's shirt off. Once 
that was done she leaned forward and kissed his earlobe, stopping to 
nibble on it. 

Lina:  Then biting it off in a murderous rage, thus Tenchi dies of 
blood loss and the story ends.
All: YAAY!

"Oh Ryoko..." (Author appologizes one last time, mostly for the clich'e 
responce. I'm just not used to writing this sex stuff.) Ryoko smiled up 
at him, "My Tenchi, my hero." They kissed eachother again, Tenchi's 
penis sliding agains her crotch, rubbing her neither lips causing them 
both the groan. Ryoko slowly pressed herself down onto him, after 
making sure Washu was not listening in. Tenchi kissed his way down her 
neck, trying to do to her what she had to him. Suddenly his inward 
thrust was blocked. Ryoko wimpered slightly in pain and he stopped, 
"Ryoko you're a virgin too?" She giggled between gasps, "Don't sound so 
suprised Tenchi. It's not like I've had the opportunity. But don't 
worry. The pain will be gone in a momment." Tenchi bit his lip and 
prepared to slide in when Ryoko slammed herself onto him. Tears of pain 
filled her eyes briefly as she locked her legs around Tenchi. After 
afew minutes Ryoko and Tenchi both began moving again, in and out. The 
feelings they both had seemed to partly come from eachother. Tenchi was 
a frst suprised, but then realized that this wasn't the first time it 
had happend. Whne Ryoko had been kidnapped by Dr.Clay he had felt 
something similar. 

Kiyone:  Aghh!  Tenchi had sex with Doctor Clay!
Group:  EEEEWWWWW!!!!

"Ryoko, do you feel that?" She nodded and kissed him again. Tenchi lay 
across her and felt her breasts rub against him. Finaly he felt 
something let go inside him, and he released it into Ryoko. At the same 
time Ryoko felt Tenchi's climax and started her own. "Tenchi!" Ayeaka 
sat on the couch watching television. After her failed attempt to talk 
to Tenchi she had decided to vegitate for a while. From the kitchen 
Sasami was almost done with dinner. Ayeaka had come down earlier and 
said that she didn't want Sasami to show Tenchi any of the pictures in 
her album. Sasami had asked if it had anything to do with Ryoko and 
Ayeaka had just made her promise. "Hey Ayeaka, could you go get Tenchi, 
Ryoko, Mihoshi, and Kyonei for dinner?" Ayeaka sighed. "And just when 
it was getting to the good part." 

Ronin:  Hey, it already got to the good part upstairs, know what I 
mean, eh?
Kain:  Stop that right now.

She passed Tenchi's room and pressed her ear against the door. She 
heard him groan and decided that she'd wait to get him last, so he'd 
have more time. Next she climbed up to Mihoshi and Kyonei's room, 
knocking quietly. From inside she heard a scrambling sound, "Mihoshi, 
Kyonei! It's time for dinner." Kyoeni's face popped out the door. She 
had lipstick prints all over her face and her hair was a mess. Ayeaka 
sniffed slightly and smelled something odd. 

Lina (as Ayeka): Sasami, are we having sushi again tonight?
(Ronin and Kiyone double over, gagging)

"Kyonei are you alright?" Kyonei blushed and nodded, "Never better 
princess. Just give us some time to get dressed and we'll be right 
down." Ayeaka smiled and said, "Alright." Then turned and left. For 
some reason she couldn't even guess at what they were actualy doing. 
Somewhere in Ayeaka's primmed and proper mind she felt there was a 
logical explanation and either way it wasn't her problem. Walking back 
down the hall she stopped at Tenchi's room and knocked quietly. When 
she didn't get a responce she quietly opened the door, "Tenchi?" The 
next few minutes seemed to freeze. Then Ayeaka screamed. "Ryoko get off 
of lord Tenchi. What do you think you are doing to him." Tenchi 
stuttered and tried to think of something to say. Ryoko just grit her 
teeth and finaly siad something, "If you must know princess, we were 
having sex." Ayeaka covered her mouth and laughed, "How could you make 
up something so foolish Ryoko? My mother explained sex to me when I was 
a little girl. It isn't nearly as sloppy as all this. Where are the 
clouds and rain? Hmm? Answer that one." 

All:  0_0'

Tenchi and Ryoko looked at her in shock, then at eachother, then at her 
again. Tenchi raised an eyebrow, "Um, Ayeaka, I'm sorry you had to find 
out this way, but you hinestly don't know that..?" Ayeaka gasped, "You 
mean this, this disgusting act... that's what sex is? What love is?" 
Ryoko and Tenchi nodded and she said, "Partly yes. Not like brother-
sister stuff but yeah, basicaly." 

Kain: Most definitely NOT brother-sister stuff.
Kiyone: I don't know.  Ever been to Texas?
(Yamabushi apologizes for that last comment.  He realizes how offensive 
it is, but he thought it would be laugh-your-ass-off funny in this 
context.  Please do not mail-bomb or real-bomb Yamabushi, for he is now 
afraid of you.)

Ayeaka's eyes widdend and she shudderd, "In that case Miss Ryoko... You 
are quite welcome to him." Ayeaka shivered again and ran out of the 
room. Ryoko let out a snort of laughter, "Well I guess that kind of 
kills the mood. Shall we go to dinner now Tenchi?" He turned to her 
aghast, then smiled and nodded. "Yeah, I am kinda hingry." 

Kain:  From what I understand, Tenchi already ate.
Ronin:  Aw!  Not you too!

At dinner Sasami was fairly sure something was up. Ayeaka kept her eyes 
down at her plate, refusing to eat. Ryoko and Tenchi kept looking at 
eachother and smiling. So did Mihoshi and Kyonei. Kyonei still had a 
lipstick print on her cheek, having decided to let everyone work things 
out on their own. 

Ronin:  Hey, Kiyone, what's that on your cheek?  Is that..is that hair 
gel?
Kiyone:  Oh, shut up.

Sasami, who had been reading Japaneas comics and watching anime had a 
faily good idea about what was going on. But what she couldn't figure 
out was why Washu was suddenly an adult. Finaly she decided to try the 
direct approach. "What the heck happened today?" She asked. 

Kiyone (as Washu): Well, everyone decided to step out of character for 
the sake of pointless sexual tomfoolery.

Washu smiled, "I think I can answer that. I have made up with Ryoko." 
Sasami grinned. "Realy? That's wonderful? Is that why Tenchi and Ryoko 
had sex?" 

(Group sits up straight, mouths hanging open)

Everybody choked on their food, except Ayeaka who hadn't eaten any. She 
almost swallowed her tongue. Tenchi looked at Sasami, "Um... how did 
you know about that?" Sasami giggled, "I didn't until you told me." 
Tenchi and Ryoko blushed a deep red. Sasami then turned her attention 
to a stunned Mihoshi and Kyonei. "You two too?" They nodded a little 
sheepishly. Sasami laughed, then looked at Ayeaka. "What's wrong sis?" 
Ayeaka looked at Sasami and shuddered. "I walked in on them doing 
something... unpleasant." Ryoko grinned and shook her head, "Well now I 
wouldn't say that." Ayeaka shook her head, "How even you could get 
pleasure from something like that... And Sasami, you knew about THAT?" 
Sasami nodded, "Please Ayeaka, everybody knows about that. Don't tell 
me you don't..." She burst out laughing again, along with Ryoko. 
Meanwhile Nobiyuki was buisy trying not to have a heart attack, while 
Yosho and Ryo-oki calmly continued dinner. 

Lina:  Why would Nobuyuki have a heart attack?  He already knew about 
Kiyone and Mihoshi, and he should be happy Tenchi finally grew a pair 
and got down.
Kiyone:  Will you shut up about me and Mihoshi?  It's a lemon!  It's 
not real!
Kain:  (smiles evilly) My my, you're awful protective for a so-called 
"innocent".
(Ronin raises an eyebrow and smirks.  Kiyone growls and turns away.)  

Suddenly Nobiyuki jumper up and ran for his cammera. He came back and 
held it up. "Everybody say 'Cheese'!" They all urned to him. Yosho, 
Sasami, and Ryoko said, "Cheese." Ryo-oki said, "Myah." Everyone else 
just stared.

Ronin:  Well, that was a rather pointless end to a rather pointless 
story.
Lina:  But wait, there's more!

 The end 
Author's note Ayeaka chews her way through the gag, "What was that? You 
are one sick person you know that?" The author nods, "I know." Ayeaka 
squirms in her chair, "You gave Tenchi to Ryoko AGAIN! You had Mihoshi 
and Kyonei togewther AGAIN! And you misspelled my name AGAIN! Do you 
have an original bone in your body? 

Kain:  hehe.bone.
Ronin:  Aw, for crackin' ice.Kain's been corrupted!  Shut this thing 
off, quick!
Kiyone:  It's your own fault.  You dragged us into this.

When I get out of here I intend to burn your computer and pop out your 
eyes so you can never do something like this to sweat little me again!" 

Lina:  Sweat little her?  What in the hell does that mean?
Ronin:  Lementality, Lina.  It doesn't have to make sense, so long as 
there's sex in the story.

The gag reappears. "You know princess, your lucky you got off so 
easily. No if you don't mind I have to post this on the site so Washu 
can make it happen." Oh, just so you know this is a lemon so you 
probably shouldn't have read it. I didn't start out that way. It just 
kind of... happened. If you don't like it I'm sorry and give you full 
permission to re-write it however you see fit. If you did like it email 
your responce to clayton_n@hotmail.com 

Kiyone:  I can think of a response to mail him.a mail bomb.
Kain:  Heeheehee!  Bomb!
Ronin:  Damn it!  Kain's going over the edge!  Lina, use a dragon 
slave!
Lina:  Heeheehee.slave.
Ronin:  Not you too, Lina!  Nooooo!  Kiyone, we gotta get out of here!
Kiyone:  Heehee..here.
(Ronin screams.  He jumps out the window and runs off into the night.  
Kain, Lina, and Kiyone exchange high-fives.)
Lina:  That'll teach that sushi loving prick not to bring us into a 
lemon again.
Kiyone:  I kinda feel bad, though.
Kain:  A lesson must be taught, or other anime characters will suffer 
the same fate as us.
Kiyone:  (sigh) You're right..so, who's up for pizza?
All: Yaaay!

(Hope you enjoyed this second Ronin and friends MST.  I'll take this 
opportunity to apologize for the first MST I wrote.  While it has its 
funny points, on the whole it is quite poor in quality.  I hope this 
MST is much better.  Please e-mail questions and/or comments to 
KinjiruSan13@aol.com
For more adventures with Ronin, read Tenchi Muyo!  Blade of the Jimmu.  
It's located in the regular fan fiction section.  Good night 
everybody!)

