Disclaimer: First off I'd like to say that NONE of the charecters in this
fic belong to me. They belong to their respected owners and D12 own
themselves I suppose. The following fic will be filled with harsh language.
I suggest you be atleast 17 or 18 in order to read this, but I doubt you
take my word for it so.....

     I decided to take a little break from Soul Hunters to try my hand at
MSTing...here goes nothing....

The universe was created by three beings. These godesses used their infinite
wisdom and power to turn chaos into harmony (or as harmonic as this universe
can get). Then for reasons unknown these three beings parted ways. One
assimilated with a tree on a distant planet and created a ship named after
herself. The second erased her past memories of being a godess from her head
and currently lives life as mortal. As for the oldest of the three.......

Before we go any further I should give you a description of the vict...erm I
mean MSTers. ^_^'

Rondell "Kuniva" Beene- He is an average size black man with a fairly toned
build. He has a nicely trimmed goatee. He wears a black jersey with a black
muscle shirt underneath, black jogging pants and white tennis shoes.

Swifty "Swift" McVay- He's a skinny black man with a slightly evil look in
his eyes. He also has a goatee but nowhere near as neatly trimmed as Kuniva.
He wears a white t-shirt with black jeans and black tennis shoes.

Peter S. "Bizarre"- The most twisted of the group by far. He says and thinks
things that would make the guys at FOX Network cringe. He is an overwieght
black man with an insane look in his eyes. He has a mustache and wears a
black hooded jacket, a white t-shirt underneath, black jeans, and white
shoes.

Denaun "Kon Artis" Porter- He's a bit more heavier than Swifty. Yep he's a
black man too. He wears a black baseball cap that says D12 on it, a long
sleeve black shirt with grey stipes underneath the arms, black joggin pants,
and black shoes.

Dert "Proof" Hairy- Also is a black man with a tattoo of the nickname
"Proof" going up his right forearm. He has a thicker goatee with a gold
bandanna tied around his head. He wears a gold t-shirt with black jeans and
white shoes.

Last but not least is the leader of this group. He is the notorious Slim
Shady also known as Eminem. He started out alone, but brought his friends
together to form a rap group. He claims it was because the asshole critics
and parents would have others nag at and not just him, but we know he's just
a big softy...kinda. He's a thin white male with short blond hair. He wears
a pair of shades, white t-shirt, black jeans, and brown sketcher boots.

Together they are the infamous D12, loved by some, hated by others, and the
rest just don't give a shit.

Whew! Aren't you glad that's over with? I know I am! Back to the story.

Our heroes have just ran into their dressing room after barely escaping a
mob of enraged people. They wait before the curses and threats can no longer
be heard before talking.

Proof: (out of breath) Who's*pant*... bright idea....*wheeze* was this?
Swift: Who the fuck else? BIZARRE!!!
Bizarre: (looks like he's about to drop dead) F-f-*wheeze*uck.....you! How
was I suppose to know....*pant*....they'd try and kill us?!?
Slim: How? HOW!?!? We're in Ohio...singing to a bunch of MORMONS!! What were
you thinking?!?!
(The entire group began to argue amongst themselves. They never even notice
the flash of white light as a tall woman with dark brown spiky hair
appeared. She wore elegant robes, with dark blue eyes and green vine shaped
tattoos on her neck)

Tokimi: Ahem.....
Kon Artis: You fat fuck!!
Bizarre: Suck my dick you bitch!!
Kon: You'd like that wouldn't you, asshole!!
Tokimi: Excuse me....
Swifty: Shut up for I bitch slap the both of ya!!!
Slim: Shut up!!
Proof: Don't tell them to shut up, punk!
Kuniva: Dont tell him not to tell them to shut up!!
Tokimi: (head has grown ten feet tall with glowing red eyes, horns, and
flames vomiting from her mouth) I SAID SHUT UP!!!!!

(The arguing stops as the guys stop to stare at Tokimi)
Kuniva: Who the hell is this bitch?
Slim: Bizarre!! Is she another one of your paid sluts!?!
Proof: Don't look like no slut. She's kinda fine too. Damn cutie, what's
your name?
Tokimi: That will be explained in due time, but first I'd like you all to
join me on my ship.
(The guys look at each other then laugh)
Slim: (laughing) Ship? Yeah right!
Swifty: (ditto)You one crazy bitch!
Kon: (ah, you get the picture) E.T. wanna go home mutha fucka!!
(Snarling, Tokimi snaps her fingers and D12 find themselves in what appears
to be a lounge clompete with fridge, plush couches, and big screen t.v.)

Bizarre: WHAT THE FUCK!?!?!
Slim: Where the hell are we?!?
Kon: Ok bitch! Spill it!!
Tokimi: I am Tokimi, a godess. I with the help of my two sisters created the
universe. We parted ways for reason I choose not to tell. I need your help
to find one of my sisters.
Proof: I you a godess then why don't you find her yourself?
Tokimi: I tried but it seems that she no longer has her gems. I could track
her when she had them but now I can't. (A holographic image appears infront
of D12) This is my sister, Washu.
Slim: This her huh? She sure is a small bitch.
Tokimi: Be that as it may she is the greatest scientific genius in the
universe. She has currently been gathering groups of people and having them
watch Tenchi Muyo fanfiction while experimenting on their reactions.
Swifty: What the hell is a Tenchi Muyo?
Bizarre: (lightbulb flashes overhead) I know who your talking about now!
That cartoon I've seen! I've read a few of those fanfiction on the internet.
Kuniva: How were they?
Bizarre: Most of them sucked donkey balls....there were good ones, but alot
of cheap porn.
Kuniva: (arches an eyebrow) Porn you say?
Tokimi: Anyway, you will view these fanfiction in a theater and insult my
sister as much as possible.
Slim: Why?
Tokimi: (Smirks) To get the attention of one of her current lab rats.
Bizarre: Hey isn't he that wrestler guy?
Tokimi: Exactly! From what I heard he harbors passionate feelings for my
sister. He feels very strongly agianst those that attempt to begrudge her.
Kon: So ya won't us to insult this short bitch till this guy comes looking
for us?
Tokimi: That's the idea.
Swifty: Yo, that's a pretty stupid plan...*KAZAKAZAKAAA* (charred) ....ow
Tokimi: You will all take turns. Two of you and two others I have chosen.
(snaps her fingers and a woman with long aqua blue hair appears. She is also
wearing elaborate robes. There is a golden collar around her neck)

Tsunami: (seriously pissed off) Release me!
Tokimi: (laughs) Ah, hello dear sister. D12 meet my youngest sister,
Tsunami.
Tsunami: (glares at the guys) If any of you so much as come near me......
(D12 back away and Tokimi luaghs hysterically)
Tsunami: This not a joke!
Tokimi: (snaps her fingers and another being appears. This is a strange
creature. Very fat, pink skin, a pink antenne on his forehead. He wears
baggy white pants that look more like diapers then pants, a purple cape,
black vest, and gold gloves. He has a big smile on his chubby face and his
slanted eyes are closed)

Buu: Where Buu? (he glances around confused)
Tokimi: (speaking to Buu as you would a child) How would Buu like all the
sweets he can eat?
Buu: (eyes open wide) Oooo! Buu like that! Candy! Candy! CANDY!! Hahahaha!
Proof: What the fuck is that!?!?
Buu: (mallets Proof with his fist) *WHAM* No that! Me Buu!
Proof: (flat like a pancake) ....'kay....
Tokimi: Enough chit chat...enter the theater.

(After an exciting game of rock, paper, scissors our MST group are walking
through some double doors)

Slim: Damnit! I still say they cheated.
Proof: Can't belive we gotta watch this shit!
Tsunami: (muttering to herself)
Buu: (possibly the only happy person, is skipping into the theater) Lalala
lala lalalala!

(They sit in the middle row. From left to right, Buu, Slim, Tsunami, and
Proof)

Proof: Mmm you as fine as your sister.
Tsunami: grrrrrr......


I DO NOT own Tenchi Muyo or anything else, they belong to AIC and Pioneer.
None of the characters, even the SI's are mine. But who cares. MWAHHAA!!

Slim: We care! We have to watch this shit!!

Kagato's Little Secret

Proof: By the creators of Victoria's Secret.

by Kagato's testacle

All: oh....

Imagine the worst stories you've ever read. Imagine the worst authors you've
ever heard of in your life. Imagine what would happen if they banded
together. You will find out here the worst that could possibly happen. And
one other                   thing .....SAKUYA SUCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!
MWAHAHAHAHHHHHHHHHHHhAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Slim: Excited little fuck.
Buu: What we do agian?
Tsunami: I sense a great disturbance in the force.
All: (hum the theme to Star Wars)

In a small room, around a large red table, sat the most famous authors of
Tenchi Fics. The first one was the ever pious AAA-Phucknut, who was at the
moment jacking off to the latest edition of Tenchi in Tokyo, where Tenchi
has a graphic sex scene with Amagaski.

Slim: Did he say what I think he did?
Tsunami: Argh! Phucknut! Scourge of the fanfic writers!! (hisses)
Buu: Me not like this no more.

To his left was a small redhaired lady, she appeared to be an almost
identical copy of Washu, that was except for the mucus dripping tentacles in
her hair.

All: Ewwwwww!

Next we had a normal looking boy, his eyes appeared to be vacant and his
stare was insidious.

Slim: So he's alike like President Bush in other words.
Buu and Proof: Hahahahahaha!
Tsunami: That was rather rude! (snickers)

On his shirt was the picture of a policeman inside a tank, below the picture
were the words, Tankcop. After him was a freaky young man who appeared to be
an alien, on his shirt was the number Fifty two. There were many others
after that but those were the ones that were currently talking at the
moment.

Proof: In a nutshell....we have the most idiotic, sickest, and most depraved
Tenchi fanfic writers together in one spot.
Slim: This can't be good.
Buu: .....zzZZzzZzzZ

"It's pure genius!" Phucknut yelled out as he stroked his pale green salami.

All: 0_0;
Tsunami: ....Kami....no...
Voice from above: DON"T BLAME ME!!!
All: o_0;;;

"MGPNobuyuki hasn't had a real gig since that part where he killed himself
after ripping off his dick!"

Slim: What the FUCK?!?!
Buu: Buu no like this show....change channel!
Tsunami: Curse you Tokimi!!

"But" Washutentacles slithered out a she observed the authors. "I haven't
finished my story, Kagato Revenge must be finished. I have something even
worse in store for Sasami! HAHAHAHAAH!!!" She cackled madly and two
tentacles slithered onto her shoulders and wiggled around.

All: 0_0;
Slim: Shit! I though! our rap group were twisted!
Tsunami: And feel as though things shall only get worse.

"Tankcop, what about you?" Alienboy52 asked as he turned towards the
deranged youth. "You've been silent since this meeting started." Tankcop
turned towards him and grinned maniacly.

"I believe I have the answer." All of the other members leaned towards
him."I was thinking about this while my fics were being mst'ed by Ksawarrior
and his loser crew..except for Rei of course. Our fics are deadly but they
aren't nearly strong enough, what we need to do is join forces. We take all
of our ideas and create the most horrid event ever, the most disgusting fic
by far." A grunt is heard from Phucknut. "Yes?" He asks as he turns towards
him, just in time to take a full on load of jizz onto his face. The
whitemilky liquid lingured on his face and his began licking at it, savoring
the wonderful taste and incredible aroma. "Mmmm, what did you
have..cantalope?" Phucknut just smiles.

All: (vomiting) BAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRFFF!!

"Alright then..it's agreed." Alienboy52 spoke as he began to lick Tankcop's
face. Everyone began to move in on Phucknut and began to lick his face
profusely.

All: o_0;
Buu: Change channel NOW!!

--------------------D   *splurt*

Proof: What the hell kinda of page break is that!?

Sammy walked down the stairs to her school in a hurry, she needed to be home
or her mom would be mad and beat her. As she walked she noticed that her
friend misao was crying softly, her cute unformed breasts her poking out of
her shirt in an inviting fashion. Sammy felt her virgin pussy tighin and
contract, this was getting her very hot.

(The MSTers are the exact opposite of feeling hot)

Slim: What the hell is wrong with this guy!? She can't be no older than
eight!!
Buu: Ack!
Proof: Sick pedophile bastard!!
Tsunami: .....grrr....

She skipped over to the crying girl and put her arms around her. Misao
looked up with tearful eyes and began to mumble.

"I tried to be good.." Misao cried out in saddness. "He said that I was
great last time, but I wasn't good this time."

All: Who?!?

"Who?" Sammy asked with great concern in her eyes.

All: Thats what we said! >_<

"Extreme, he says that I wasn't as good this time."

All: 0_0;;;
Tsunami: Anyone but him....

She shook her head and looked towards the floor. She then thought of
something and grinned at her friend. "I know, how about you come with me and
help me out!"

"I don't know, I mean I don't want to cheat on Cycracks..but oh well, He
hasn't been satisfying my underaged pussy lately anyway, I've had to resort
to Tsunami for the last few days.

Guys: (slowly turn towards Tsunami)
Tsunami: ( eyes wide and blue electricity cackling about) WHAT!?!?!?!
Guys: 0_0;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

And she can sure be a bitch sometimes.

Guys: o_0;;;;;;;;;;;;;
Tsunami: GRRRRRRR.......

Sammy lick my cunt, sammy use your whips, Sammy ram it up my ass!" She
raised her hands up in indignation.

Guys: (crying)
Tsunami: (now 20ft tall with steam shooting out her ears)

"Hell she even brought out one of her branches and told me to suck it!
Disgusting!"

Tsunami: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!
(The entire theater is engulfed by a blinding white light. When it vanished
we see that everything is perfectly fine except for Buu, Proof, and Slim who
are all extra crispy)
Guys: .......ow..........

Sammy thought about this situation and continued. "But if he says "Extreme
transformation" or anything like that. I'm kicking his ass."

--------------------D *splat splat*

All: -_-;

Sammy and Misao reached her home shortly afterwards, the open beer cans and
used condom trails could lead them hear anyday.

Slim: (trailer park trash) Welcome yall! Have a sit down...want a hummer!?!
Buu: (mallets Slim) *WHAM*
Slim: ow.......

They walked up to the door and began to open it when they heard some moans
from the inside. They opened the door silently and peaked inside. What they
saw was disturbing.

Proof: Buckle your seat belts people.

"Oh Extreme your so great!" A man with sunglasses yelled out as he gripped
his throbbing tool "Your ass is just so tasty and EXTREME!" The man being
pounded looked up towards him and winked.

Slim: Hmmm that wasn't so bad.
Buu: Why man doing that?
Proof: (fic pauses) Well Tsunami....looks like ya gotta explain the facts of
life to marshmallow man over there.
Tsunami: *sigh* Come here Buu. (takes Buu to the back of the theater. They
return a few minutes later) It is done.
Slim: So any questions?
Buu: (has turned white) o_0;

"Your not so bad yourself ZeroCool." He twised over and frenched the man
deeply. " Pound me with that big fat tool of yours. And after that shove
that lifesaver up my anus too!" The two girls visibly blanched and shut the
door quietly.

All: 0_0;
Proof: That is fucking gay!
Slim: No not gay........EXTREME!!!!!
Others: -_-;

"That was disturbing." Sammy spoke as Misao shook her head in agreement. As
they left they could have sworn they heard somebody yell out "Extream
Transformation!"

All: -_-;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

------------------------D *squuuuirrrrrrrt*

Slim: (all nostalgic and shit) Ah, the page break.
Buu: *sniff* Buu miss them when they go bye bye.

Sammy and Misao shook their heads as they headed up to the large and
mysterious mansion. They wondered out loud why they would go to such a wierd
place but they just shrugged it off. They opened the door to the mansion and
walked inside, closing the door silently and tiptoeing inside. Just as they
were about to reach the kitchen a bizarre site befell them. A strangely
dressed man came running out of the kitchen and was tackled by a crazy guy
in a tutu.

Slim: And who is this fudge packer?
Tsunami: It is Mr. Misaki, Tenchi's father.
Proof: Is he really that.......gay?
Tsunami: Everyone in this fic is OOC.
Guys: What?
Tsunami: Standard MST term. Out of character. Most authors seem to enjoy
having the characters act completely opposite of the way they normally do.

"You will be the one to carry my unborn child!" The man yelled out maniacly
as he ripped off the old guys pants. He then twisted the guy over and shoved
his shriveld old cock right inside his butt, cutting it up and making
bloodsplurt everywhere, including onto the two little girls.

All: AHHHHH!!!
Proof: WAIT!! Who the hell is he raping?
Others: (shrug)

A bizare Idea overcame the girls, one which they couldn't will against.
Sudddenly they latched onto each other and began licking the blood from
their respective bodies. After they were done, their minds returned to
normal and they ran towards the bathroom passing by a strange room with a
couple of weird people.

Slim: Now I'm all for watching fine women lick each other from head to toe
but this is ri-fucking-diculous!
Tsunami: My Sasami would never do that!! This is simply atrocious!

"Please, Tenchi help!" Sakuya yelled out as a demonic beast began ripping
off her titties.

All: (whince) AHHHHHHHHH!!!
Proof: HEY! You may not like that Sukuya chick but DAMN!
Slim: Hmm ripping off titties....(writes that down)
Buu: What you do?
Slim: A new idea for a song! ^_^
Others: o_0;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

Blood splurted from her mouth and she ejactulated right there.

Tsunami: Yeah, like us girls just totally enjoy having our breasts ripped
off. What a way to get off! (in case you didn't know that was sarcasm ^_^)

The monster ripped off one of her legs and began to knaw on it like a piece
of chicken. As the unfortunate lady began hyperventalating and cried until
she loss the ability to cry anymore. The monster licked the bone clean and
tossed it aside.

Slim: (cringing) Talk about finger licking good.
Others: EMINEM!! >_<

And then opened it's eyes and shoved a large metal knife up her pussy,
making jut all the way up to her mouth.

All: 0_0
Proof: Now that's just not right!!!
Buu: .........>_<
Tsunami: That's it! I'm not watching this anymore!! (stomps towards the
doors. As she's about to open them the collar on her neck flares to life,
sending 1000 volts of electricity into her. The charred Tsunami stomps back
to her seat) Not..one...word...

Sakuya wiggled and flapped her arms for a moment and then blood exploded
from her and splashed all on the ground and onto the monster, with a grin it
licked it's teeth and continued eating the girl from inside and out.

Slim: You know...this isn't all that disgusting and the effects are pretty
cheap.
Proof: Its like watching some cheap B-movie.
Tsunami: (picking at her collar with a nail filer. A/N- don't ask where she
got it. She's a godess!)

Misao and Sammy reached the bathroom in a hurry, they closed the door and
took off their clothes. As Sammy gazed upon Misao's majestic body, her ass
made a rumble and she clutched it insanely. Misao looked up with concern and
raise an eyebrow.

"I have to take a dump." Sammy said as she clutched the toiletseat.

All: (eyes go wide and stare at the screen. Tsunami has stopped picking at
the collar to also stare in horror)
Slim: Yo man.....I got this bad feeling....
Proof: (gulps)
Buu: .........>_<

Misao grabbed her and shook her head, Misao then sat down on the ground and
becond for the blue haired girl to follow.

Slim and Proof: (banging on the locked doors) LET US OUT!!!
Tokimi: (voice from intercom) Calm down! Its almost over!

As Sammy passed over Misao, her ass exploded and shit came splashing down,
splashing all over Misao.

Tsunami: 0_0
Proof and Slim: (slowly turn around) 0_0
Buu:.........>_<

Misao opened her shit overed eyes and looked towards Sammy, she then grinned
and licked her fingers. Sammy smiled gratefully and then put her clothes on,
she passed over misao and frenched her gratefully.

Slim: God...the...stupidity.....(barfs)
SPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEWWWW!!
Proof: Come on....I lived on the streets of Detroit......I can take
this.....
Tsunami: 0_0......I am stronger than this....
Buu:.............>_<

As they passed by they again passed by the same room only there was a
different person in it this time.

"I declare! Lord Tenchi..Help me!!" A purple haired girl asked as the demon
walked up to the woman and reached out, pulling out her eyeballs and eating
them, savoring the warm squishiness of the balls.

Slim: Jesus tap dancing Christ!
Proof: What's wrong with the B-man?
Buu: ...........>_<
Tsunami: Um....er...Buu?

The woman screamed out to the world and lurched back. The monster licked his
fingers and walked up the woman, with a thrust he reached into her gut and
ripped out her intestines, he then set them on a platter and began to suck
them like spagetti noodles. Ayeka smashed against the floor and died
painfully, having been brutally violated by a big ugly monster.

Slim: (as Mario) Mama mia! That's a spicy meatsball!!!
All but Buu: (groan)
Buu: .....mmmMMmmMmm....>_<

The two girls walked up a staircase that had conviently appeared. They
rushed towards another room and opened it up.

(This scene is specifically for you Shorin)

All but Buu: Oh goodie!! ^_^;

"Oh! Ryo-Ohki, your so spectacular!" Tenchi yelled out as he clutched the
small furball and rammed his penis inside her, illiciting a pained myia and
a crumpled moan.

Tsunami: no....no....no....no.....no....no...
Proof and Slim: 0_0
Buu: (turning red) mmmMMmmmMmmMMmm!!! >_<

"Yes, So soft and warm!" He held her up and began using her to jack himself
off." The two girls quickly shut the door just before they heard a horrible
tearing sound. "Oh well, I'll just use your eye socket now!" Her yelled out
as a nasty squishing sound was heard.

Tsunami: Why would any human write something like this?
Proof: E-eyesocket? o_0

"Let's get out of here!" Sammy screamed out in terror as she turned
aroundtowards Misao, only there was someone else there instead.

"We still have so much to do." Kagato spoke as he shifted his arm and the
room began to change. Suddenly she was strapped to a table and various
instruments,knives and various poking instruments lined the table
thoroughly. He smirked and picked up a rather large and viscious poker.

Slim: Don't you dare, fucker!

"Let's begin" He spoke as he shove the horrid utensil inside her anus,
practacly fucking her with it as he shoved it in and out, bringing blood and
shit down onto the table as he pushed inward.

All but Buu: 0_0
Proof: This guy is going all out now!
Tsunami: It's worse then Phucknut, Washutentacle, or Alien 52 boy.
Slim: No fucking shit!! This guy took the worse of the litter and mashed
them together into one big suck fest!!!
Buu: (steam shooting out the holes on his arms and forehead) MMMMMMM!!!
Others: (stare at Buu) <_<;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

With a sigh he took it out and grabbed a large knife. He grabbed ahold of it
and lowered it onto her back, then with a quick swipe he cut off a piece of
her flesh and smiled. She screamed out in agony as her flesh was sliced from
her, leaving blood trails all over her body. He looked at the piece of flesh
and opened his mouth. With a quick laugh he tossed the meat into his mouth
and swallowed.

Slim: Um....Buu....you cool?
Buu: (Eyes open and his body glows with red light)
Proof: Shit! I think he's gonna BLOW!!!

"Tastes like chicken"

"Noooooo!!!!!!!!" Sammy screamed out in pain as he stood over her and opened
up his pants. He then proceeded to violate her in her ass, pussy and mouth.
Wet squishiness and bloodynees, a few hours later she woke up.

Buu: (In a deep demonic voice) BIG POWER..........
Others: o_0;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

Kagato stood over her grinning. Without warning her brought out his sword
and sliced her head clean off. As the head rolled to the ground, he glanced
at the open neck spot and licked his lips. Kagato reached near the body and
began sucking the blood from the open wound.

(Tsunami is staring wide eyed at Buu, Slim and Proof are clawing at the
double doors and crying, and Buu......)
Buu: BIG POWERAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!! (The entire ship rocks from the
tremendous explosion. In the lounge Bizarre, Kuniva, Swifty, and Kon Artis
are playing Dreamcast when the floor beneath them trembles.)
Kuniva: What the Hell was that?!?
Others: (shrug and continue playing)
(Back in the theater....)

THE END....for now

(Every seat in the theater have been reduced to melted mush. The walls are
scorched black. The screen is perfectly intact. Tsunami is unharmed, a blue
forcefield surrounding her. Slim and Proof are not so lucky....)
What's left of Slim and Proof:
.......ow......owie.......ouch....ooh....ow.......
Buu: (smiling as if nothing has happend) All better!!! ^_^

Kagato's Testacle..............bringing disgusting to new heights.

Tsunami: And bringing stupidity to new heights. (smiles and pats Buu on the
shoulder) Lets go!
Buu: YAH!! (skips to the now unlocked doors and hops over the charred bodies
of Slim and Proof. He opens the door and waits for Tsunami) After you, lady!
Tsunami: Awww, what a gentleman! (kisses Buu on the forehead. Buu blushes
and the two exit, leaving Slim and Proof)
Proof: Don't.....*cough* .....fucking......mind us...
Slim: Yeah....we....don't *wheeze*....need any help.....

(Later that day)

Tokimi: Now that wasn't so bad was it? (Tokimi, Buu, Slim, and Proof all
glare at her) Hmm, that bad huh?
Tsunami: How could you do this? I'm your sister!!!
Tokimi: Well I couldn't have you warning Washu now could I? That reminds
me...I never saw any of you make a comment about Washu. How do you expect to
get her lab rat's attention if your not insulting her?
Slim: Fuck that fake ass wrestler and his midget bitch too!!
Tokimi: (smiling) That's more like it. Now for a bit of news. I have decided
to send some of you back to Earth. I only need two of you humans.
(The members of D12 have stopped whatever their doing and are now duking it
out)

Proof: Fuck that!! I'm not doing another one of those things!
Kuniva: Hey Tokimi! I got an idea. Use Slim and Bizarre!!
Slim and Bizarre: WHAT!!!!!!??????
Kon: Hell yeah! Their the most insensitive of the group!
Proof: They insult more people then the rest of us put together!!
Slim: NOOOOOOOOO!!!!
Tokimi: DONE!!! (snaps fingers and Kon, Proof, and Kuniva all disappear)
Bizarre: GOD DAMNIT!!!!
Slim: FUCKING BACK STABBERS!!!!
Buu: What bout Buu?
Tokimi: Sorry, I'll need you. One of Washu's lab rats is the prince of all
Sayians. I have a feeling that I'll need you to stick around....just in
case.
Buu: Poo.....
Tokimi: (snaps fingers and a five foot tall pile of candy and other junk
foods appear before Majin Buu) But you serve me well and you'll be rewarded.
Buu: YAH!!! (begans to wolf down his reward)
Tokimi: The hall to your left will lead you to your rooms. Each one has all
the furnishings and bathrooms. The door to the right leads to the kitchen.
The fridge will always be full so don't worry about going hungry. (with that
said she vanishes)

(Our selected group of MSTers stare at one another)

Tsunami: *sigh* Well I'm going to my prison room to take a bath and rest.
Bizarre: Can I join ya, sweetness....*WHAM*
Tsunami: Thanks Buu.
Buu: Nightnight!!
(Tsunami leaves, Buu digs into his pile of treats, Bizarre is unconcious,
and Slim sits on the couch.)

Slim: Well....atleast I don't have to worry about any bullshit lawyers or
bitchy parents. All that fucking Washu's fault. Don't know who she is but I
hate her already!!

Our chosen four have been selected. Their mission: To aid a Godess in her
plan to capture her missing sister. They shall indure tortures unlike the
universe has ever seen. This is their story......

                                  MST D-12

Laying the smacketh down on stupidity!

Whew! MST's are harder to do then they look! This is my first one so if it
isn't hilarious I understand. I'm not sure if I'm going to continue this or
just stop with this one. Give me lots of C&C! JAAAg18@aol.com

The perverbial eye catcher:

He looked at the piece of flesh and opened his mouth.With a quick laugh he
tossed the meat into his mouth and swallowed. "Tasteslike chicken"