MST Party!
Yet Another Party for MSTers thrown by the Bumblebee

Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi or any related characters. I don't own the fics 
we MST either; they are the sole propery of the authors who wrote them, God save 
them. Anyway, the guests are all my friends (albeit with obvious name changes) 
and you simply cannot have them because they are the only ones I've got, and at 
the rate I'm going they won't last long.
And on with the show!

The Guests:
The Bumblebee: the hostess, prefers the shorter nickname "Bee"
Lady Kaguya: grammar-happy royalty
LT: deity of sword-wielding weirdos
Jay: DragonBall fanatic
Blue: dragoness
Eggy: Killer Deadly Fatal Rodent Squirrel of Death
Tuba: the one and only hentai-happy musical instrument

And the curtain opens...

Lady Kaguya: Okay, let's see... (takes a look at first fic to MSTed) "Tenchi 
Gay?!"?!
Bee: Tuba helped me pick out a couple.
Tuba: This one oughtta be good.
Jay: Looks as though they're all by the same authors.
Bee: I figure we should harass one at a time.
Blue: The Great Potato War? 
LT: Makes me kinda hungry...

********************************************************************** 

Blue: Ooohh... is making me very dizzy...

	Tenchi Gay?! 

Bee: Which would be the title, and not the disclaimer, I hope.
LT: One heck of a title...
Lady Kaguya: From the makers of Bengay...

	It was any normal morning at the Masaki Residence. But little did they 
know how suddenly this day would drastically change. 

Jay: Days at the Masaki residence tend to do that.
LT: More often than even fanfic authors realize.

	Tenchi woke up to the sweet smell of Sasami's cooking and as usual Ryoko's 
watchful eye's. "Ryoko! I thought I told you not to do that anymore!" Tenchi 
exclaimed. 
	"But Teennchhii!" Ryoko moaned " What if Ayeka comes and gets you in the 
night?" 

Bee: Personally, I'd be more afraid of Ryoko watching me all night.
Tuba: I wouldn't mind...
Lady Kaguya: If Ayeka gets Tenchi? Impossible in a fanfic!
LT: Apparently Ayeka is a somnambulist.

	"Mmmm.Why do I have to live like this?" Tenchi muttered as he walked down 
the hall to the bathroom. After several minutes Tenchi left the bathroom and 
headed for the kitchen. 

Jay: Tenchi was in there an unusually long time.
Bee: How suspicious, Jay.	
	
	Ryoko stepped in directly after and immediately noticed the toilet seat 
down. 

Jay: Ah! That's what took him so long!

	"Wow I thought only girls put the seat down and I sure I heard him flush 
it" Ryoko said with amazement. 

Blue: I'd be amazed too. My brothers never do that!

	" Breakfast, everybody! " Sasami yelled as she slide the porcelain plates 
on to the low wooden table. 

Eggy: So here's the slide, the swingset is over by the stove, and the see-saw is 
in the corner over there.
	
	Everyone came rushing from all places to come eat Sasami's delicious 
platter. 

Lady Kaguya: I was just in Sapporo but I heard Sasami call breakfast and I ran 
as fast as I could, so here I am in Okayama!

	" Hmmm. " Tenchi said as he scarfed down Sasami's tasty food " so Sasami , 
when are you going to teach me to cook like this ? " 
	" Well , Tenchi , on Juria the women do all the cooking " 
	
Jay: Or some prefer the more accurate spelling, Jurai.
Tuba: Juria rhymes with urea!
Bee: Ugh. Gross.	

	" Well that's wh . " Tenchi started to blurt out before he stopped himself 
. 
	" What was that , Tenchi ? " Washu asked . 
	" Oh , nothing " 
	
Eggy: Wow. This dialogue is almost as exciting as that Overstreet dude's.
Blue: I wonder what he's up to now?
Lady Kaguya: I think he's in all those classes we signed him up for.
	
	Breakfast was over and everyone was starting their chores, all except 
Ryoko of course whom quickly teleported next to Tenchi who was walking slowly 
upward towards the shrine to sweep. 

LT: That was a really long sentence.
Jay: Only slowly upwards?

	"Tenchi" She said unusually girlish like "Let's get married!" 

Jay: "Girlish like" is not in the American Heritage Dictionary...
Bee: Nor Oxford...
Eggy: Nor Webster's...
	
	" Rrrrrrrr " Tenchi growled "I confess, I confess to this world I'M 
GAY!!!!!!!!!" He shouted with all his might and even the birds flew off in 
fright from nearby trees. At the very next moment Ryoko did something she had 
not done in her whole life.She fainted. Tenchi watched as Ryoko slowly rolled 
down some steps and then stopped,

Lady Kaguya: He was just WATCHING her?
Tuba: I could watch her forever.

	only then did Tenchi notice that her skin was quite pale. 
	Everyone came rushing at hearing the anger in Tenchi's voice. " Oh my, 
What happened to Ryoko? Are you all right Ryoko? Are you sleeping?" Mihoshi 
asked densely. 

Eggy: Die, Mihoshi! Die!
Bee: Eggy, get a hold of yourself! I promise when we get through with this I'll 
take you to the Egyptian art gallery at the museum!
Eggy: Oh? Okay...

	"Lord Tenchi are you all right did that evil monster hurt you?!" Ayeka 
asked worriedly. 

Jay: Let's recap: Ryoko on the ground, quite pale, maybe with bumps and bruises, 
and Ayeka asks if she hurt Tenchi and is he is alright...
Blue: You have forgotten, Jay, that we have crossed into the unfathomable realm 
of the fanfic writers...

	" I'm fine" Tenchi said angrily. "Just get Ryoko back to the house." 
	"What happened" Sasami asked. 

Lady Kaguya: Which would usually be notated by a question mark!
Bee: Ah, Kaguya, that was a sentence fragment!
Lady Kaguya: Fragments in dialogue are acceptable! By royal decree!
Blue: I think maybe she's read one too many badly written fics...

	"I'll tell you all later," he said in a low voice. "Just get Ryoko to the 
house" he said again as Washu somehow made Ryoko float and head for the house 
with everyone following. 
	Ryoko's heavy eyelids started to open only to Tenchi's loving face 
hovering over her with some other familiar faces. 

Eggy: But I thought Tenchi was angry with Ryoko...

	"Gay? gay!" Ryoko said tensely 

Lady Kaguya: Periods would be nice, too.

	" I'm sorry, Ryoko" Tenchi replied softly. 

Tuba: Sorry? Sorry for what?
Blue: You don't need to apologize for your homosexuality, Tenchi. No matter how 
much people criticize you....
Bee: Hey, I'm not homophobic! It's just that imagining Mihoshi and Kiyone as... 
as.....
Eggy: Ugh. Imagining anyone with Mihoshi....

	" Really?" Ryoko said as she put her arms around Tenchi 's neck, pulled 
him down and gave him a big long French kiss. 

Tuba: I guess she wants to find out for herself....
LT: Down boy! (whacks Tuba over the head with Master Sword)
Blue: Hey, that made a hollow sound....
LT: I think I've got splinters.

	Tenchi had never felt this way before .

Jay: Never been kissed, Tenchi?
Blue: That was a really BAD chick flick.

	He never wanted it to end but Ayeka had other plans she pushed Ryoko off 
of him but Ryoko retorted quickly and through a fireball at Ayeka and hit her 
strait on. 

Eggy: I think that sentence was even longer than that other one.
Lady Kaguya: Oh no! They've confused their homonyms!	
Jay: (reading from dictionary) Strait: noun. Noun plural: straits....

	She did it, she had killed Ayeka. a cheer rang out throughout the air " 
yeaaaaaaa , you killed her" the crowd seemed to shout above Ryoko starting to 
kiss Tenchi once again. 

Bee: Oh no, the authors have killed a main character!
Lady Kaguya: Uh-oh, major boo-boo.
Eggy: Crowd? What crowd? 
Blue: I should think Sasami would be a bit upset....

	"Hey you guy's what's going on" said Nobouki, as he had just walked in 
from a long day of work. 

Jay: Who's Nobouki?

	"I'll show you what's 'going on'" Ryoko exclaimed happily who pulled a 
stunned yet happy Tenchi for another deep kiss. 
	"Oohhhh" Said Nobouki with new understanding "Tenchi I'm so glad that 
you're finally after all these beautiful girls now!" 

Tuba: (as Nobuyuki) I was hoping I would get them myself!
Jay: (as Tenchi) Don't worry about it, Dad. After all, I'm still gay. It says so 
in the title.

	"Nope just this one ,Dad" Tenchi said as he went to one knee and looked 
intimately into Ryoko's soft yellow eye's "Ryoko will you please do me the honor 
of letting me take your hand in marriage?". 

Lady Kaguya: And thanks to the lack of punctuation, that was all one sentence.

	After a moment Ryoko started smiling like no one had ever seen Ryoko smile 
before. "YES TENCHI! I WILL MARRY YOU!! She said ecstatically. 

Lady Kaguya: No quotation marks, either....

	"Good" Tenchi said plainly as he scooped Ryoko off her feet with and 
carried her up the stairs and then stopped to look down on all the stunned 
people. 

Tuba: "Good"? The most beautiful, voluptuous space vixen in the galaxy just 
consented to a monogamous committment and all he says is "good"?
Bee: I wasn't aware that you knew so many big words, Tuba.
Tuba: I would've pissed my pants.
Blue: Never mind, Bee.

	"I won't be coming down for a while" he said as Ryoko buried her face in 
Tenchi's chest.

LT: "Here lies Ryoko's face..."
Eggy: LT, we just did that joke at the last party.
LT: Oh yeah. Forgot.

	Tenchi turned and carried her to his room.oops! I mean THIER ROOM. 

Lady Kaguya: Oops! You mean THEIR room.
Jay: Thank you, spell-check queen.

	Disclaimer: 

Bee: Ah, here it is!

	We don't own Tenchi or any of the other characters even though we wish we 
"owned" Ryoko, 

Tuba: So do I....

	but we don't, she and all the other characters are property of AIC and 
Pioneer. You shouldn't sue us anyway because as many Fanfic writers have put it 
"We don't have any money anyway". 

Eggy: So, that isn't considered plagiarism?

	Were just stupid kids who are sitting at a computer. 

Jay: Well, that's obvious.
Bee: Ouch, that was harsh.
Jay: I think they purposely set themselves up.

	Dear Readers, Are wondering why this Fanfic is weird? 

LT: No. I just want it to end.
Bee: I don't think it's any weirder than most of the ones I've read.

	It is because we wrote this at 2:00- 4:00 in the morning (believe us Earl 
Grey tea helps and it o so good and loaded up the wazzoo with caffeine). 

Lady Kaguya: What? That's no excuse!
Blue: There had to be more in that tea than just caffeine....
Tuba: Okay, guys, what are you high on and why aren't you sharing?

	We would like you to mail us your comments at RYOKO (We are big fans) 
39655@AOL.com or Blugoon (don't ask) @aol.com . 

Bee: Blugoon?
Lady Kaguya: What's Blugoon?
Jay: Why Blugoon?
LT: Who's Blugoon? The author?
Blue: They're asking....

	Thanks for reading our Fanfic, Max Gilliland & Rhys (pronounced Reese) 
Doyle

Eggy: Wow. Those names may be worse than "Clayton Overstreet."
Blue: Those are probably their real names, too.
Bee: On to the next atrocity, guys.

	The Great Potato War 

LT: What a name.

	(Yes, your are not mixed up this is indeed a Tenchi Moyu Fanfic) 

Bee: Geez! We ARE mixed up! 
Lady Kaguya: Yeah! We thought it was a Tenchi MUYO fanfic!

	It was a typical morning in the Masaki residents. 

Jay: Sure it was.
LT: If they'd spelled "residence" right, it might have been.
Blue: Are you kidding? There's no such thing as a typical morning at the Masaki 
residence.

	Tenchi woke up to smell of Sasami's cooking. 

Bee: Enough to entice even the hardest of sleepers from the sack.

	He didn't want to get up at first but the promise of a new day was more 
than enough so he slowly lifted Ryoko's arm from his neck and slowly rolled off 
his bed. 

Lady Kaguya: That was one LONG sentence.
Blue: Tenchi seems slow this morning.
Tuba: I would be too, if Ryoko were in bed with me.
(Bee smacks him upside the head with a small model of Ryu-Oh.)
Tuba: Ow.

	His nostrils flared as he opened the door out of his bedroom and met Ayeka 
on the way to the kitchen. 

Jay: (as Tenchi) Kami, Ayeka, when was the last time you bathed?
Eggy: Huh?
Jay: Well, it said his nostrils flared....
Bee: Wait, wasn't Ayeka killed in the last fic?

	" Good Morning, Ayeka" Tenchi said happily. 

Tuba: I'd be happy, too, if -
Lady Kaguya: DON'T even say it.

	"(Sigh) Good Morning Lord Tenchi" Ayeka said yawning. "Boy you sound 
tired." 

Tuba: I'd be tir...
(Blue hits Tuba on top of the head with a marble incense burner while LT smacks 
Tuba with a Deku nut when Lady Kaguya kicks him with her geta simultaneously 
with Bee, who is pounding Tuba with a baritone, while Eggy whacks him with an 
obelisk.)

	"Tenchi come back to bed!" Ryoko said cutting off Tenchi. 
	
Jay: Ryoko or Sasami's cooking: a difficult choice, ne?

	"Leave Tenchi alone you Monster" Ayeka said with much anger in her voice. 

Lady Kaguya: When they she just could have said it "angrily."
Eggy: Gilliland and Doyle are being enrolled in "Adverbs 101."
	
	"Just because you married him doesn't mean you can boss him around!" 

Jay: But that goes against the legal definition of a wife!

	"Jeez, princess I'm sorry a bottle rocket flew up your @$$ at the wedding 
last night!" Ryoko retorted sarcastically 

Blue: Hang on, wasn't there a bad word there a second ago?
Bee: I replaced it with an @ and a couple of $s. Is that a big deal?
Eggy: But aren't you always yelling at Lady Kaguya for her grammar-checks?
Bee: This is different.
LT: I thought you were against censorship! Traitor!

	" Hmmp " Ayeka said as she stomped her feet. 

Lady Kaguya: Great comeback, Ayeka.

	Then a tear fell from her eye, to think Tenchi had been so easily won over 
by that slut, after so many months of Ryoko and herself fighting, she thought as 
she left for the kitchen apon Ryoko come out of her room to hug Tenchi and then 
almost purposely kissing him in front of Ayeka. 

Lady Kaguya: These guys are masters of the run-on sentence.
Eggy: What's "apon" mean?
Blue: And how can you "almost purposely" kiss someone?
	
	"Breakfast is ready. Come and get it!" Sasami shouted from downstairs. It 
seemed like stampede as all of the family came rushing to this surprisingly late 
breakfast, a rare thing that happened when Sasami cooked. 

Jay: Rare that the whole family stampedes for breakfast?
LT: It must be rare when it's late.

	But when the Newlyweds came down the steps (Ryoko and Tenchi of course) 
they seemed to glide as if floating a little off the floor. As soon as Ayeka saw 
the new couple coming down the stairs she stormed off and went up to her room, 
or so everyone thought. 

Tuba: She really went into the bathroom to see about removing that rocket.
Blue: When did you regain consciousness?
	
	"I'll go up and talk to her" Sasami said as she left her own food behind 
and headed in the direction that her sister had. 
	"I wish there was some way to show Miss Ayeka that Ryoko and I are not 
going to be separated" Tenchi said softly. 
	"Well we had BETTER do it after the Honeymoon" Ryoko said firmly. 
	"No, Ryoko by then she will have left for Jurai or something" Washu 
explained. 
	"Yes, little Washu I think your right" Tenchi said 
	"Ok, ok we'll do before the honeymoon." 

Bee: Have these kids ever read a short story before?
Blue: I don't think they made it through The Hungry Caterpillar.
Lady Kaguya: Hey! I LOVED that one!

	Ryoko agreed after hearing that this is what Tenchi wanted After breakfast 
was done, Ayeka came down from her room, as mad as before just not crying, to 
notice Ryoko and Tenchi intently kissing. 
	" That is enough!" Ayeka shouted "I will no longer withstand this in this 
house. " 

Jay: Do they know the definition of "withstand?"

	" Who are you to say what is allowed in this House" Ryoko screamed. 
	" Well, who are you to?" Ayeka asked. 
	" I am wed to the owner's son, you know" Ryoko said proudly. 

Eggy: Or "I am married to the owner's son" may have been less confusing.
	
	"In fact I don't really care what you think about this house because I 
think you should leave Earth and get it over with!" 
	"No, I refuse to leave and you are not the boss of this house" Ayeka 
shouted. 
	" Listen there is only one why to solve this problem "Washu interrupted. 
	" And what's that Washu " Ryoko asked. 

Lady Kaguya: End the fic!
Eggy: Kill Mihoshi!
Jay: Kill the authors!
Blue: Learn to write!
LT: Clone Tenchi!
Bee: A duel outside the saloon at high noon!
Tuba: Add some lemon juice!

	" POTATO WARS! " 

(Everyone facefaults)

	" Potato war?" Everyone said scratching there heads. 
	
Lady Kaguya: THIER heads.
LT: Oh, just give it up already.
	
	" Yes potato war" Washu replied. 
	" Um, Washu just what is potato wars?" Tenchi asked.

Eggy: The opposite of potato famines, of course.
 
	"You don't know" Washu said with surprise in her voice. 
	" No" The room replied. 

LT: Wow. I thought the talking LOGS were weird....
Jay: I guess this is what they mean when they say "if these walls could 
talk"....

	" Jeez " Washu let out before saying "Potato wars is a game I used to play 
when I was young, it was in the season when the potato's were lush, you would 
divide into teams (sigh) you could use any weapon you could make for a potato." 

Lady Kaguya: The plural of "potato" is "potatoes."
Blue: Give it a rest, will you? I'm trying to sleep.
Bee: I've never thought of potatoes as being "lush."	

	" Like what, Washu " Sasami asked. 
	" Like, umm, a potato cannon or potato guns or even potato grenadiers " 
	" Wow this sounds fun" Sasami exclaimed. " So who wants to settle this by 
having a potato wa.." 	" I am not having a potato war like a uncivilized 
hulig.." Ayeka cut off Washu. 

Jay: What the hell is a hulig?
Bee: Perhaps they intended to write "hooligan."
Lady Kaguya: Is that the way it's spelled?
Bee: Look it up.
	
	" Crammit, princess" Ryoko cut off Ayeka and turned her gaze to Washu " 
Mom that would be a great idea, who is with me?!" 

Jay: And since when does Ryoko call Washu "Mom" without being forced 
reluctantly?
	
	" Me" whispered Sasami. 
	" I'm in," said Tenchi. 
	"I'll judge " added Kiyone said. 
	"Me to" Mihoshi said 
	" What? You mean you all actually all want to participate in this" Ayeka 
said outraged. 
	" Yep" 
	" Sure why not" 
	" What's it going to hurt" 
	"Mmmmeeeeeoooooowwwwww" 
	" Okay , fine but this is the last of it, right ? this ends it, right?" 
	" You got it princess " Ryoko reply with a serious tone in her voice. 
	
Bee: What an outstanding example of horrendous dialogue!
Blue: Somebody shoot us! Please!

	" Okay, lets go" Washu replied to the groups comments. " First , you need 
to pick teams" Washu said. 

Lady Kaguya: Repetitiveness. Argh.
LT: They're not as bad as that other author, though.

	Everyone started to scurry around choosing partners but soon enough they 
returned with a partner. 

Lady Kaguya: Repetitiveness. Argh.
LT: They're not as bad as that other author, though.
Jay: Whoa. Deja vu.

	Ryoko's team had Tenchi, Washu and Ryo-oki. Ayeka's team had Azaka, 
Kamidake, and Sasami. "You don't have time to make your own weapons, so I will 
provide you with some " Washu said 

Tuba: It always seems like they have all the time in the world. They watch 
daytime television, for crying out loud!
Blue: Maybe she's indicating how soon Ryoko & Tenchi are going for their 
honeymoon.

	" Here is are three potato cannons, 

Lady Kaguya: We need a plural "being" verb here, guys.
Blue: Gimme an "A"!
Bee: Gimme an "R"!
LT: Gimme an "E"!
Tuba: Gimme a beer!
(Tuba has once again earned are good kick in the shins from several geta/zori-
covered pairs of feet.)

	each team will have one cannon and I will hide one for a team to find. 
Second each player gets a potato gun , other then that you are on your own. " 
	" What about ammo?" Kiyone asked. 
	"You have to harvest your own ammo. And you have 25 minutes, Starting now" 
Washu replied quickly. 

LT: Twenty-five minutes is not a lot of time for harvesting potatoes.
Jay: You have to dig them up and all.

	25 minutes later everyone returned with more potatoes then Washu had ever 
seen in her life. 

Bee: Yes, dynamite DOES make it go a little quicker.
Lady Kaguya: I don't quite understand...they had enough time to harvest 
ammunition, but not enough to make weapons?
Blue: Welcome to the weird and wacky world of fanfiction.

	"Take your places!" Washu shouted as everyone started to run to pick his 
or her place. Immediately Ryoko was on the roof with a potato cannon watching 
Ayeka as she headed for the direction were Ryuo was growing very quickly. 

Eggy: Or, if one wanted to spell it correctly, "Ryu-Oh."

	"Ha princess I've got you now!" Ryoko said to herself as she loaded the 
potato cannon and took perfect aim towards Ayeka's head and blasted away. 

Tuba: I'd like to know how one operates a potato cannon. Sounds like a fun toy.

	"What is that noise?" Ayeka said just before being smashed in the head by 
the largest potato Ryoko could find. 
	"Ha, princess" Ryoko laughed.

Bee: Didn't she just say that a few sentences ago?
 
	"I'm coming to get you " Ayeka said as she pulled out her gun. As Ayeka 
started to climb up the latter to the roof she heard another loud noise much 
like the one before and Go Sasami knock this monster from this roof. Go Sasami 
g- but her thought was intercepted by a bash in the head with a potato. " 
Eeerr!" 

Jay: That entire paragraph made absolutely NO sense.
Lady Kaguya: Even if you ARE an idiot.
Tuba: Or high on tea.

	" Sorry Ayeka, I missed " Sasami yelled as Ayeka felt the ladder slowly 
going downward. 	

Eggy: THAT much was obvious.

	"Aaaaahhhh!" Ayeka screamed as she eventually thumped to the dirty ground. 
	" Ayeka it seems as if even gravity doesn't like you, ether" Ryoko said as 
she laughed 

Jay: Ether? Wha? Ayeka - a preservative?
Tuba: I think she's CONservative.
Lady Kaguya: I HOPE the authors meant "either."

	Meanwhile deep in the forest Tenchi had found Washu's hidden potato 
cannon. "How do we use this Ryo-oki?" Tenchi asked. 

Eggy: Like the cabbit would know.

	" Mmmeoowww, mmmew" 
	"All right, load the potato, umm, stuff it in tight, umm, turn to high 
then ai." Tenchi was stunned when it accidentally fired off. oops." He said as 
the potato flew up into the air. "Where did it go?" Tenchi said as he continued 
to look upward. 
	"Meeeeeowww?" Ryo-oki answered just as confused. 

Jay: That was stupid.

	Meanwhile Nobouki was walking home humming a tune, happy to be home after 
working all day on a job site. I wonder what Sasami is going to make for dinner 
tonight. Off in the distance he heard a whistling 

Blue: Could it be...?
Bee: ...foreshadowing?

	I wonder what kind of vegetables she'll have, and she usually has 
vegetables with dinner. 

Lady Kaguya: When do the Japanese NOT have vegetables with dinner?

	The whistling came closer but Nobouki seemed not to notice. 

Jay: Who's "Nobouki" again?

	Carrots? Cabbage? , Squash? mayb... "Potatoes!!!!!" he screamed as a 
potato came from above directly at his face. 

Tuba: That was... pointless.

	Ayeka was looking for a way to get on to the roof when finally she found a 
way. 

Lady Kaguya: Repetitiveness. Argh.
LT: They're not as bad as that other author, though
Jay: Are you guys trying to make a point?
Lady Kaguya: Is Sasami a good cook?

	I t was a tree but in her happiness she stumble over a tree root and 
discharged her gun and didn't notice it. She finally got to the tree and hastily 
climbed up it , once she had gotten up she snuck up on Ryoko who was watching 
over the land. 

Jay: She's in a tree. How can she sneak up on someone?

	"I have you, monster" Ayeka shouted as she pointed her gun at Ryoko who 
had turned around to see the princess. Ryoko herself pointed her cannon at 
Ayeka. If they looked the same, you would see a mirror image. 

Bee: Well, yes, if they looked the same.
Eggy: Unfortunately they look absolutely nothing alike.
LT: Aside from that they both have two eyes, a nose, two ears...

	"Now you die!" Ayeka whispered. 
	"Ha hahahahahaha!" Ryoko laughed diabolically. 
	"How dare you!" Ayeka shouted, "Now you truly die!" she said as she pulled 
the trigger.

Lady Kaguya: Repetitiveness. Argh.
LT: They're not as bad as that other author, though.

 	CLICK. "What why didn't you shoot" she said yelling at her gun. 

Blue: As though that would suddenly make it work. Right.

	"Hahahahaha! Forget to relode your gun princess?" Ryoko said as she her 
self started to pull the trigger. 

Jay: What's a gun princess?
Tuba: And how do you "relode"?

	The last thing Ayeka saw was a potato flying at her face and Ryoko with 
her patented wicked smile. 

	Disclaimer: AIC and Pioneer, we do not own any of the characters in Tenchi 
Moyu, but we do have a substantial offer on the rights to Ryoko's character it 
consists of Everything we own and everything we can steal. 

Bee: Let's see...five sticks of gum, four CDs and sixty-three cents from the 
couch.

	(Fanfic readers this might mean no more Fanfics from us for a while). 

Everyone: Hurrah!

	So Pioneer and AIC contact us as soon as possible, and we mean soon! Thank 
You. 
	Dear Readers, This is yet another weird Fanfic from your good friends 
Ryoko39655.Oops! I mean Max Gilliland and Blugoon.dammit! I mean Rhys Doyle. 

Eggy: Wow, they can't even keep themselves straight.

	Well in case your wondering why this is so weird because of three small 
words thought up by Rhys himself those words are Eighth Grade History. (Rhys 
thought this Fanfic up on a rainy day in history class, and yes we are indeed in 
eighth grade.) 

Bee: Ha! I've accomplished much more in World History class!
Eggy: Really? Like what?
Blue: Didn't you read that fifty-page book she wrote on sorcery in the Middle 
Ages?
Eggy: Oh, yeah, the one that was bound by hand.
Lady Kaguya: And you know what else came from World History class?
(she and Blue develop wicked smiles)
Bee: Uh-oh.
Lady Kaguya & Blue: CHEF BECCA & SALT GIRL!!!!
Jay: Huh?
Bee: You don't wanna know.

	By the by don't forget to read the sequel to this Fic coming soon! Here's 
a little clue you can use to figure it out.Honeymoon! 

Jay: But I thought they said no more fanfics...
LT: It's okay, Jay...please don't cry...

	Your friends Max Gilliland and Rhys Doyle You can contact us with your 
comments at Ryoko39655@aol.com or blugoon@Aol.com Thank you! P.S: If your 
wondering, Nobouki did have potatoes for dinner.

Blue: Who cared?
Bee: Next fic...and Jay, pull yourself together!

	Honeymoon! 

LT: Wow, that's the same name as the hint they gave us!
Eggy: Not very creative, huh?

	(This is not meant to be a lemon but instead has the characteristics of a 
mildly sour fruit) 

Tuba: Mildly sour...that might do....
Lady Kaguya: We do NOT want to know what's going through his head right now.

	I could hear the waves crashing up alongside the rock cliffs Tenchi's warm 
face was in nuzzled my breast. 

Eggy: Whoa. Normally, women have two breasts.
Bee: Eggy!
Blue: Maybe Tenchi really IS gay....

	I could feel the love; the energy flowing through our griped hands I 
opened my eyes to see a seagull flying overhead so graceful I thought kissing 
Tenchi's forehead floating around the Caribbean watching people love each other. 

Bee: That part may take a minute to translate into understandable English....

	" I love you my Tenchi" I said He is so beautiful, I'm so lucky, I wish it 
could last forever, I thought to myself. 

Lady Kaguya: Wow. People even THINK in run-on sentences. Hint: a semicolon 
might've helped.

	Tenchi was starting to stir, and then lifted his head and opened his eyes 
to my calm face. "Did I fall asleep?" he said already knowing the answer. 

Jay: Then why bother asking?

	"I guess it's because everything is so serene and calm here." 
	"Yeah" I said quietly, as I looked to the setting sun. I can't believe 
that were finally away from it all for once. And to believe we just checked in 
an hour ago. "Tenchi, I love you so much" I said as I started to lean on my 
elbow over him "Tenchi how come it took you months to finally understand me like 
you do now?" 

Eggy: Ryoko is a very complex person. I wouldn't be surprised if it took years 
to understand her.
Bee: Many of us are still puzzled.

	" I always have, but there was always to much interference 

Jay: Repeat that, Commander. Please repeat. Over.
Tuba: Roger that Jay. Too much interference. Over and out.
(Everyone pauses a moment)
Lady Kaguya: What the heck was that about?

	and I couldn't see clearly but when I finally could, you were there for 
me." Tenchi calmly remarked. 
	"Yeah I guess there were a lot of interference's." I said as I thought 
about what had happened since that fateful day that Tenchi had decided to see 
what was in that in that cave I had been locked up in for so damned long. 

Blue: She must have a lot on her mind.

	"I'm sorry that I attacked you on the school roof that one day, I was just 
so eccentric from getting out of that cold dark cave after so long. 

Eggy: People who have been isolated a long time get that way.
Bee: What? Why is everyone looking at ME?
	
	And kind of mad at you because you ran away from me the very same day that 
you saw me." 

Jay: Yeah, well, I think I would run like a bat out of hell too.

	"Well why would you be mad I didn't even know who you where when I saw you 
for the first time?" he asked me. 
	"Well I have known you for all of your life" I said smiling. 
	"You have not, I only wish you had," he said as he leaned toward me to 
kiss me. 

Lady Kaguya: Must....add...punctuation...proper...grammar....
LT: No, not again!
Eggy: Help me hold her back!

	"It doesn't matter how long you have known me I will always love' he 
continued as he went into his deep passionate kiss. 

LT: He'll always love what? He's leaving us hanging!
	
	This is always what I've dreamed of when I went onto the roof at night, 
this and other things. But tonight was different; I'll be staying in tonight. So 
will Tenchi I thought as I kept kissing Tenchi even more violently. 

Tuba: Oh no! Duck!
Bee: Really, how violently can a person kiss?

	"Tenchi, I wish we could live like this forever " 
	" We can, as a wedding present my Dad is building us a guest house so we 
can make all the noise we want but not disturb anyone" 

Blue: Hey, no offense, Tenchi, but mentioning your dad really spoiled the 
romance of the moment.	
	
	" Oh, Tenchi" I said as I held Tenchi like I never was going to let him 
go." Tenchi, this a private beach right?" 

Tuba: Oh, this may get good...
Bee: Not if it isn't a private beach.

	" Yes it came with the room" 

Bee: Oh no...
Tuba: Oh yeah...
	
	"So no one would mind if I did this," I said as I slid out of my bathing 
suit. 

Bee: Where the heck are those censoring bars? I knew I'd need them!
	
	" None of that here, Ryoko that why I got the room" 

Bee: You tell her, Tenchi! Now where are those bars?
	
	" But I just want to pose for you" I said in my most convincing tone." 
I've always wanted you to be my private judge in my own 'beauty pageant''' 

Jay: Oh, yeah. That was real provocative.
Tuba: Is there a "Provocative 101" class?
Lady Kaguya: No.
Tuba: Oh, darn.
Eggy: Besides, Tuba would probably be in honors anyway.
LT: Why is "beauty pageant" in quotations?

	" Well I guess that's alright" 

LT: Tenchi has always been a pushover, I think.
Bee: Okay, who took the bars?
Tuba: Hey, don't look at me. I've just been sitting here.

	I started to pose for him as I always imagined doing, to express my love 
without 'intercourse'. 

Jay: And why is 'intercourse' in quotations?
Lady Kaguya: Because it always has made eighth-graders tingle.

	All my moves were brilliant they came from my heart. 

Tuba: Brilliant...absolutely brilliant...
LT: Not again. (Whacks Tuba over the head with a tenor saxophone)
Lady Kaguya: Kami, that sentence was worse than a comma splice!
Blue: Gasp!
Bee: It's the grammar-queen lingo!	

	I felt as this was better then one of those guys who went after me because 
I've got a pretty face and more, this was love. 

Eggy: I don't get it.
Lady Kaguya: What, the sentence?
Eggy: No, the whole fic.
	
	"Ryoko we better get to our room before it gets to dark out" "Okay, my 
love" I subductively got up and slowly slipped on my bathing suit. We slowly 
walked to our beach house and Tenchi pulled me up off my feet and walked up the 
stairs to our room. Tenchi laid me down on the bed medium sized bed and the 
lights went off. Click. 

Jay: "...laid me down on the bed medium-sized bed..."
Lady Kaguya: Who wrote this? Eighth-graders?
Blue: Yes, actually.
Lady Kaguya: I hope they fail English.

****************************************************************************** 
************* Disclaimer: This is between you and me, okay. Don't tell AIC or 
Pioneer because they might steel this idea like we stole there characters for 
this, let me clear my throat AHEM, KICK ASS FANFIC!

Jay: He's right. I DO want to kick the authors' asses.
Tuba: Count me in.
Lady Kaguya: Ditto.
Blue: Same here.
Eggy: Likewise.
LT: Don't forget me!

 thank you now back to Rhys..oh yea did we tell you that deal with Pioneer 
cleared? Now you have to put our name on your disclaimer, 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!!!! 

Bee: Liars. You can't buy anything with Earl Grey Tea.

****************************************************************************** 
*************** Dear Readers, Please do not think this as a lemon because it's 
not trust us if you read some of the crazy shit people put in the "Lemon' 
category then you'll think this is ****ing pre-school shit that we write, OK? 

Bee: What foul mouths! They need to wash their mouths out with soap!
LT: There's some Dial in the bathroom...
Bee: I was thinking more like extra-strength Pine-sol.
Jay: Note to self: watch language when around Bee.

	Well it had damned better be ok because you just might read more of these 
in the futere, 

Lady Kaguya: What is a futere?

	so there! Oh by the by we wrote this at about twelve aclock with some of 
that damned Earl grey in the cabbnit. 

LT: Well, that was apparent.
Tuba: I don't think that was tea, fellas.
Eggy: Can you say "Budweiser?"
Lady Kaguya: "Cabbnit: noun. A cross between a cabbit and the letter N." Oh.

	And you can reach us at Ryoko39655@aol.com or blugoon@aol.com We really 
want to hear some feedback so mail us goddamitt! 

Eggy: "You stupid idiots: I wish you would die. Sincerely, Eggy."
Bee: You can't send that.

	Oh yeah and in case you were kinda confused in reading this than just 
remember that it's in first person; Ryoko. We wonder how it would feel to be a 
woman. 

Tuba: Ga...dga...uh...uh...
Blue: Kami, even Tuba's been stupefied.

	Thanx for reading our Fic, Max Gilliland and Rhys Doyle P.S: We really 
like Ryoko,as if it wasn't obvious before. 

LT: Well, they did kill Ayeka in that first fic...

	And don't forget to read the first half of this story The Great Patato 
War, and our very first Fic *sigh* Tenchi Gay!? These ones are even worse though 
so don't say we didn't warn you! 

Bee: I fear the worst is yet to come...
Lady Kaguya: You had a premonition?
Bee: No, I preread the next fic. Look out! Here it comes!

	Hello! This Fanfic follows our series of The Great Potato War and 
Honeymoon! Enjoy!!! 

Jay: Impossible!
Eggy: I refuse!

	A Flower Blooms 

Lady Kaguya: That title was kinda...mundane.

	"I'm so lucky. I have a beautiful wife, a great home, friends, and Ayeka 
has gotten over the fact that even though I love her like a sister, I really 
love Ryoko..."Tenchi said to himself 

Jay: Translation: Ayeka hasn't tried to kill us in the past four hours, and 
Mihoshi is tied up in the basement.

	"Pickles and ice cream! I need pickles and ice cream!" Ryoko cried running 
toward the kitchen. 	

Eggy: Oh no. I see where this is going.
	
	"What in the world?" Tenchi said softly as he rose from his resting spot 
in the living room to see Ryoko in a hectic molesting of the Refrigerators 
insides. 

Jay: (as Tenchi) Ryoko, I think this officially counts as cheating!	
Blue: (covering eyes) Is Sasami alright?
Bee: Kiyone and Mihoshi were lesbian lovers at the last party, and now Ryoko's a 
pedophile...what is this world coming to?	

	"Ryoko, what are you doing.." 
	"Dammitt Tenchi!" Ryoko said gripping Tenchi's collar and shaking him 
violently, "We have pickles. but, but we're out of ice cream!!" What am I going 
to do?!" Ryoko said as she sank to her knees. 

Jay: Call the National Guard! Ryoko has no ice cream!
Tuba: And get an ambulance! Tenchi's head snapped right off!

	"Ryoko, it's ok, just calm down. Now what's wrong..?" 

Blue: She just told you, bozo. There's no ice cream.
	
	"No time Tenchi! Quick! To the bathroom!" Ryoko screamed frantically. 

Jay: (as Batman) Quick, Robin! To the bathroom!
LT: Somehow, it just doesn't sound the same.

	"What??" Tenchi asked confused as Ryoko grabbed him and dragged him toward 
the bathroom.

Eggy: Why is she taking Tenchi with her?

 * * * " So Washu, when is the baby expected?" Kyone asked the red haired 
scientist who was quietly typing away at her hollow computer. 

Eggy: And who's Kyone?

	"Probably monitoring Ryoko's baby's development", she added under her 
breath. 
	"I heard that", Washu said not bothering to look at the detective's 
surprised face. 

Blue: As though it was an offensive comment.

	"Oh, and the baby will be here in exactly in 8 and ® months" 
	
Bee: If you wanted to be exact, you could have said 206 days.
LT: Or 4,944 hours.
Jay: Or 296,640 minutes.
Blue: (breaking into song) 525,600 minutes...
Bee: I forgot she was a Rent-head.

	"Oh" the detective said sarcastically," And I bet you know if it's a boy 
or girl to?" 
	" No ideas yet it's too under developed." 
	" Has Ryoko told Tenchi yet?" 
	"Not to my knowledge." 
	" She better tell him soon." 

Eggy: How come Washu and Kiyone know before Tenchi does? Why hasn't Ryoko told 
Tenchi?
Lady Kaguya: Maybe Ryoko doesn't know either.

* * * " Food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food" Ryoko 
mumbled as she raided the refrigerator. 

LT: Why are the authors under the impression that pregnant women need to eat 24 
hours a day?

	" Ryoko, what is your problem?" Tenchi asked in a sarcastic tone. 
	" I'll tell you what's wrong, a black haired little menace that wouldn't 
go away!" 
	
Bee: What is she talking about?
Tuba: Uh...I don't think you want to know.
	
	" Ryoko is there something you're not telling me?" 
	" Yeah,... shut up!!" Ryoko screamed an unusual manner. 
	"Look I'm sorry about anything I might have done, I'm just worried." 
Tenchi said as Ryoko starting eating some crackers she had found. 
	"I'm sorry Tenchi, It's just that I'm pre.. having a bad day" Ryoko said, 
stopping herself from admitting her secret. 

Eggy: She's planning to tell him on Jerry Springer.

	She was scared Tenchi had too much to deal with right now to worry about 
Ryoko and the baby. 

Jay: Like what? As far as I know all he does is train and grow carrots.
Bee: Carrots are fickle vegetables...

	"Alright" Tenchi said as he hugged Ryoko, whom he could tell, had gained 
at least 3 pounds. 
Tenchi didn't try to go further into the subject knowing what had happened last 
time he had asked a girl about her weight, a good slap on his right cheek. 

Tuba: Tenchi's smarter than he looks.
Jay: Smarter than he acts, most of the time.

	"I know you're up to something Ryoko," he said to himself as he left the 
still hungry Ryoko. 

Jay: How long did that take him to figure out?
Tuba: He's not as smart as we'd thought.

* * * Sasami was busy making an early breakfast for the hungry occupants of the 
Masaki residence. In fact Ryoko was already at the table impatiently awaiting 
the food Sasami was preparing. 
	"Hurry it up Sasami!" Ryoko yelled. 
	"OK!" Sasami said as she looked at Ayeka who was helping this morning. 
"She sure has been eating a lot more than lately. And I think I know why." 
Sasami said still looking at her sister. 
	"Yes, I know why too." Ayeka replied quietly. 

Eggy: Okay, so everyone knows but Tenchi. Great.
Blue: Boy, will he be surprised.

	She had been quite devastated when Tenchi had declared his love for Ryoko, 
but she was over that now. She knew that Tenchi still loved her like a sister, 
after all he had told her himself. But even so she still felt a small bit of 
abandonment, that was why she was helping Sasami make breakfast today. 

LT: Ah, I see. She signed up for the "Cooking Therapy" stuff.

	At least she and Ryoko were not fighting anymore. She knew that Tenchi 
liked it much better when they didn't fight. 

Eggy: Everyone likes it better when they don't fight.

	Sasami was busy setting the table for the family, who had managed to get 
to the table in the short time that Ayeka had been thinking to herself. All of 
them were there, except for Kyone and Washu who had been working together ever 
since the Detective had given up hope of being a GP officer full time. 

Blue: Who's Kyone again?

	"I wonder what Tenchi and Ryoko are gonna name their baby?" Sasami said. 
	"Huh?" Ayeka answered as she came out of her thoughts and turned toward 
her sister. "Oh I guess it mainly depends on if it's a boy or girl," Ayeka said. 
	"Well maybe the subject will come up while we eat, because it's ready" 
Sasami said as she picked up a plate of Sushi and one with steaming rice. 

Jay: Sushi. The breakfast of champions.

	" Yeah! It's done" Ryoko yelled as she jumped into the air, only to sit 
back down blushing as she noticed everyone's stare at her. Even so Ryoko 
automatically started to mow down the meal. But half way through she looked at 
Sasami and said, " You don't happen to have any cayenne pepper, do you?" 
	
Tuba: Cayenne pepper, rice, sushi...sounds tasty.
Blue: Tuba, I think you're pregnant.
Bee: Nah, he just has a stomach of steel.

	" But Ryoko this is sushi and it really wouldn't go well with."Sasami 
started to explained to Ryoko. 
	"I know that!, but I really,really want some cayenne pepper!" Ryoko said 
getting tense. 
	" But.." 
	" Get it!" 
	Sasami slowly backed into the kitchen, got the cayenne pepper, put it into 
a bowl and set it on the table. Ryoko immediately started jumping up and down 
while cheering and then took a piece of sushi and yelled " And she goes for the 
dunk and-." 

Lady Kaguya: I wish I had been there to see that.
Blue: If Ryoko was embarrassed before, then I'd be peeing my pants right now.

	At this point Ryoko had dunked the sushi in the pepper and she brought it 
toward her mouth and she took a bite out of it and exclaimed, "It's good!" 
	Everyone around the table looked at her dumfounded by her sudden outburst. 
And once again Ryoko blushed and sat down. 

Eggy: It's okay. (stifling laughter) It's okay. I'm okay.
Bee: Oh no, she's cracked. This fanfic's gonna break her.

* * * " Ryoko, you have been perched up there for days now, " Tenchi yelled up 
at Ryoko who was on the rafter. "Why don't you come down now, I was hoping that 
we could. uh, go down into town and take a walk at a park" Tenchi said. 

LT: Like Yosemite. Or maybe Yellowstone. And then you could get eaten by bears 
and this fic would end.

	"Oh, okay I guess." Ryoko said as she teleported down next to Tenchi. 
"Just let me put on some other clothes." 
	"You go ahead, I'll just wait for you in the car" Tenchi said, as he 
watched Ryoko head for their room. 

Jay: So they're driving somewhere so they can take a walk.
Bee: People just stop thinking when they reach seven or eight.

	He couldn't help but notice that she hadn't got much sleep. *I wonder why 
she's sleeping up there and not in our room anymore, it seemed like ever since 
they had gotten married Ryoko was only happy to sleep with me* 

Tuba: I'd be tired too, if...
(Bee finally finds those censoring bars and knocks Tuba into the next fic over.)
Eggy: Well...that took care of that.

	He thought to himself as he walked for the front door and the car. Ryoko 
trotted out to the car and when she got in she gave Tenchi a light kiss. 
	" So were to ma'am?" 
	" Your choice, you're the one taking me out," Ryoko said as she put her 
hand where it shouldn't be. 

Bee: Gasp! (blushes and covers her face with a censoring bar.)
	
	Tenchi blushed and let out a small moan and gasped " I know of a place" 
	
Jay: Yeah, it's where Ryoko's hand is.
Bee: Watch it, Jay. You're next.
	
	They arrived at a small park that Tenchi use to go when he was younger and 
sat at a bench. " Ah, look at that" Tenchi said as he pointed to the two 
children playing happily in a sand box 

Eggy: (as Tenchi) One of them's picking their nose, and the other one is eating 
dirt. How cute!

" Ryoko do you ever think of what it might be like to have Children?" 

Lady Kaguya: "Children" being capitalized.
Blue: Ha! That was a sentence fragment!
Lady Kaguya: Sentence fragments are allowed for dialogue, dummy! It's for 
effect!
Blue (sniffs) You don't have to be so mean about it.
	
	*Oh, I can't hide it from him anymore * Ryoko thought to herself, * I 
might as well tell him now* Ryoko summoned her courage, "Er, ah, Tenchi we are 
having children" 

Eggy: Well, one at least.
Jay: Surprise! Ryoko's having a litter!

* * * Six months later 
	"So you're absolutely sure that it's a boy?" Tenchi said to Washu. 
	
Blue: When is Washu not absolutely sure? She's only the number one genius 
scientist in the universe.

	"Yes it has been obvious to me for over four days now. I had a good 
feeling that it would be a boy for several years now though. Ever since I mixed 
Ryoko's and yours.. well you know as an experiment before you actually did the 
deed." 

Bee: Deed? What deed?
Eggy: (turns to others) I'd hate to spoil her innocence.
Lady Kaguya: I think she can stay in the dark for a little longer.
Bee: What deed? Guys, are you listening to me?
	
	"Why didn't you tell us earlier?" Tenchi said confused. 
	"Because I've only been completely sure for four days, silly. Besides, I 
have a lot of other things to do since the baby's coming." 
	"Like what" 
	"Well the main project is a baby room" 

LT: Maybe you should have started that a little earlier.
Jay: Maybe Ryoko should have shared the news a little earlier.

	"Wow, can I see it?!" 
	" Okey doke" Washu said grabbing Tenchi's hand and leading him to a 
doorway "There are going to be entrances everywhere in the house that will allow 
you to be teleported directly to the baby room. Drum roll please," Washu 
commanded as a drum roll started out of nowhere. 

Bee: Blue, put the snare away.
Blue: (disappointed) Darn.

	"Please do the honors" Washu said pointing at the door. 
	"Okay" Tenchi said opening the door. First he saw the wallpaper, it had 
Washu's crabs all over it, then he noticed the mounds of toys about the large 
room. Then he saw it, a most beautiful crib. It was very large and the color 
reminded him of Ryoko's hair. 

LT: A cyan crib? How will the baby sleep in that thing? It's glow in the dark!
	
	It also had small gems of red on it that when Tenchi looked at for a 
minute, found himself wanting to fall asleep. 

Tuba: (continuing story) And when he woke up he was strapped to a large machine 
and Washu was finally getting that sample...
Bee: Kami! How'd you get back here?
Tuba: It wasn't that hard. I pressed the Back button.
Blue: We have to get Tuba repellent or something.
Tuba: (to Jay) Guess where I just was...

	Next he noticed what looked like a small table. But after going up and 
feeling it he noticed that it was soft and smooth. "Washu, what is this?" 
	"That's where you change diapers," Washu said. 
	"Oh." 

Blue: Does Tenchi even know what a diaper is? Has he had any experience in this 
sort of thing?

	"Well then what about this thing up here?" he said pointing to an inch 
wide slit in the wall with two buttons on it. One of the buttons was green and 
the other was red. "What happens if you touch this one?" he said as his finger 
raised and the green one. 

Jay: One thing you never do in Washu's lab: Press unidentified buttons.

	All of the sudden Tenchi heard some sort of gears moving and then Washu's 
voice came up and said *Here you go! * And all of a sudden a white thing came 
flying out and hit Tenchi in the face. "What the..!!" Tenchi said as he yanked 
the thing off his face. 
	"Oh, that's the diaper dispenser, it needs a little fine tuning." Washu 
said. 

LT: Obviously.

	"Well if the green button does that, what's the red one do?" he said not 
daring to touch the button this time though. 

Jay: That's called 'learning.'

	"Oh, just watch," said Washu as she took the diaper away from Tenchi and 
walked over to the dispenser, and pressed the red button. Then two arms came out 
of the wall and took the diaper from Washu and it got sucked back where it came 
from. *Thank You* came Washu's voice again. " It gets cleaned, and then you can 
use it again" Washu said proudly 

Lady Kaguya: So they reuse the same diaper over and over again?

	"Wow, does Ryoko know about this room?" Tenchi asked as he looked around 
once more. 
	"Yes." 
	"Well as much as I'd like to stay and learn more about what you're doing 
for the baby, I gotta go check up on Ryoko and do some things around the house. 
So Bye" Tenchi said as he looked around and found the door leading outward. As 
soon as he walked out he found himself back in Washu's lab, and left. 
	"Well I gotta go too," Washu said to herself as she entered the door also. 

Jay: Same here. See ya. (leaves)
Bee: (grabs Jay) You're not going anywhere!
Jay: Poo.

* * * Nine months later 
	
Bee: So the baby should be about six months old now.
Lady Kaguya: Maybe they mean nine months from when the fic started.

	"Tindei" Ryoko said, "That sounds good" 
	" Yeah, it does" Mihoshi agreed. 
	"Shut up I hate you!" Ryoko said grumpily and flew up to her rafter teary- 
eyed. 

Eggy: My sentiment exactly.
Blue: They're picking out baby names. It must have meant nine months from the 
beginning of the story.
Lady Kaguya: That's what I said. Doesn't anyone listen to me?

	Mihoshi also started crying, and buried her face in Tenchi's chest and 
started crying. 

LT: "Here lies Mihoshi's face, also in Tenchi's chest..."
Blue: We did that joke, like, twice already, LT.
LT: I'm sorry. I must have fallen asleep.

	"She said she hated me, Tenchi!" Mihoshi said sobbing "Is it true?" 
	" No Mihoshi, she's just at the end of her pregnancy and women tend to 
hate everyone" 

Tuba: Especially the pregnant ones.
	
	"Shut up Tenchi, I do not!" Ryoko yelled burying her face in her hands " I 
hate you!" 

LT: "Here lies Ryoko's face, in her hands. Lost during a humiliating fanfic..."
Blue: It's no use.

* * * "Dinner everyone!" Sasami shouted. Everyone quickly came to find hot food 
awaiting them on the table. 

Jay: You were expecting, maybe, cold cardboard?

	"Oh yeah, Ryoko I made your favorite!!" 
	
Eggy: (as Ryoko) Great! Pickles-ice cream-sushi-cayenne-rice casserole!

	"Wow, thanks Sasami It's been ages since I had this!" said Ryoko unusually 
happy considering of the circumstances. 
	"Your welcome Ryoko! I know that you haven't been.feeling your best as of 
late, so I thought you would enjoy this." Sasami said as she sat down and looked 
at Ryoko, who for what seemed like no reason whatsoever was glaring at Ayeka 
across from her. 

Tuba: They're really pushing this hate-everybody thing.

	Ryoko then realized that everyone was already eating and talking amongst 
each other. * Hmm, this looks good * Ryoko thought to herself as she glanced 
down at her own food. Then She took a bite, and chewed thoughtfully for a moment 
and swallowed. "This is very good Sasami!" Ryoko said as she started to take 
another bite. But as soon as the chopsticks had entered her mouth, she choked 
and coughed violently as the food touched her tongue. 

Bee: She's been poisoned!
Blue: No! She's the victim of an awful plot device!
	
	Then she spit it out and ran for the other room and then disappeared down 
the hall. 
	" I thought that was her favorite?" Sasami said sadly as she thought about 
what she had just witnessed along with the others. "That is her favorite, right 
Ten." 
	But he was already gone after Ryoko. "Ryoko? is everything okay?" Tenchi 
asked as he knocked on the bathroom door. 

LT: Apparently not, or she wouldn't have run out of the room.

	" Everyone's worried" 
	"Tenchi?' 
	"Yes?" 
	"I think I pissed in my pants without even realizing it." 

Eggy: Oh no. I think I did too.
Blue: Me too.
Tuba: No, I just spilled my root beer.

	Then terror struck Tenchi's heart and his mind began to race. "Uh, Ryoko, 
I think that we should see Washu. So would you just come out for a minute?" 
	"Okay" Ryoko replied as she stepped out of the bathroom and started to 
walk slowly toward Washu's lab. 
	
Lady Kaguya: "Waddled" may have been a more appropriate verb.

	Halfway there the other residences of the household met them. All of which 
had worried and exited looks on their faces. 

Bee: Can someone look exited?
Jay: Sure! (looking exited as he tries to get out)
Bee: Hey! Not so fast!
Lady Kaguya: No! No sentence fragments are allowed unless intended for specific 
affects! This fic is all wrong! AAAARRRGGHH!

	"What's happening?" said Mihoshi densely. 
	"Out of the way, Ryoko's giving birth," Tenchi said as calmly as the 
situation permitted. 
	"What?" Ryoko shouted. 
	"Birth?" yelled Mihoshi. 

Eggy: (as Mihoshi) What's birth?

	They quickly hustled Ryoko to Washu's lab "Washu, quick Ryoko's giving 
birth." 
	" No I'm not!" Ryoko cried, as the reality of the situation finally came 
to her. 
	
Jay: Ryoko, you're either in labor, or you're not.
Blue: She never took health when she was in high school, did she?

	" Get her in the lab, I'll be with you in just a minute. Kyone come with 
me." Washu said as she summoned her hollow computer. 

LT: Who's Kyone again?

	Tenchi watched and then waited as Washu and Kyone were teleported 
somewhere. "It's all right Ryoko, it will be okay." Tenchi said as he squeezed 
Ryoko's hand reassuringly. 
	" Yes Ryoko everything will be fine, I'm sure Washu will do a fine job of 
carrying out the procedure." Ayeka said. 

Bee: That was not very reassuring, Ayeka. 
Blue: When talking with anybody about to see Washu, do not use the phrase "carry 
out the procedure."

	Everyone nodded in mock agreement. (This is where you would see a huge 
sweatdrop of all the members of the family's heads.) 

Eggy: This is where you would see a huge sweatdrop over our heads as well.

	"You bet I'll do a good job!," said Washu, who had just teleported back 
with Kyone. "Now make room. Now, I want only Tenchi, Myself, Kyone, and Ryoko 
present until the procedure is done. So move out!" Washu commanded. 

Bee: If I was Tenchi or Kiyone, I'd get the heck outta there while I still 
could.
Lady Kaguya: This isn't going to be pretty.

	Everyone scattered out of the Lab and Washu made sure that she locked the 
door once everyone had left. "Okay, now let's get started!" 

Lady Kaguya: She's so excited...perhaps a little *too* excited...

* * * Sasami paced nervously outside of the Lab's door. * Oh, I hope everything 
is okay, I wonder what's going on?. * She thought to herself. 

Jay: Well, I'd suggest you go in and find out, but I take it Ryoko's in no mood 
for having visitors quite yet...

	Everyone else was sitting quietly in the hallway outside of Washu's Lab. " 
How long has it been now Noboyuki?" Sasami asked worried. 

Blue: I thought she asked Noboyuki.

	"Sasami, that's the fifth time you've asked in the last four minutes!" 
Noboyuki replied. " If you don't believe me, you can take the watch" He said 
irritated. 

Lady Kaguya: Or, if they maybe cared to use the correct adverb form, 
irritatedLY.

	"I'm sorry, Noboyuki I just worry to much." 
	"Apology accepted. Oh, and by the way, It has only been two hours." 

LT: I think they're in it for the long haul.
Bee: Hey, where'd Tuba go now?

* * * 14:34:14 Later 10:13A.M 
	
Eggy: As though that made sense.

	Everyone was asleep when Washu burst out and said, "It's a healthy baby 
boy!" 

Jay: Zzzzz......zzzzzz.....
Bee: Hey, look! Washu spontaneously combusted!

****************************************************************************** 
	Thus ends A Flower Blooms. 

(And there is much rejoicing.)

	We hoped you enjoyed it! 

Blue: We hope you go to...
(Bee smacks a censoring bar across Blue's mouth.)
Blue: Hmma gmme!

	Oh, and don't forget to read the next chapter after this! 

Lady Kaguya: Don't worry, we will.

	Dear Readers, All the information and symptoms of a pregnant women are 
shown correctly above. 

Eggy: And how many pregnant women have you known?
Blue: (still struggling with censoring bar) Hmmml gmmml!

	What we mean is, if Ryoko really were pregnant, she would act a lot like 
she does above. 

Jay: Yeah, right.

	Although, we did exaggerate a bit, 

Bee: You mean a lot.
	
	okay in some places a lot. 

Bee: Thank you.

	But, if you don't think that is how pregnant women act, then go ask your 
Mommy. And if you're mommy isn't available, then go ask your Daddy. And if 
you're daddy isn't available, then you're parents are deadbeats! 

Jay: What if you're parents are deceased?

	Oh, if you're parents are deceased, then we are deeply sorry. But, for the 
rest of you! you're parents are deadbeats! Ha! 

Jay: Oh.

	If you are wondering where we got the name for the baby, just send some e-
mail to our good friend and proofreader, Literary Eagle at this address, 
literaryeagle@Hotmail.com. 

Lady Kaguya: "Dear Literary Eagle: Do not allow such abuse of the English 
language to occur any longer, or I shall personally avenge these crimes by 
kicking your @$$..."

	If you want to send us you're comments and criticisms, e-mail us at 
Ryoko39655@aol.com or Blugoon@aol.com Thanks! Don't forget to read Literary 
eagle's Fic's too! 

Bee: Remind me never, ever, ever to get any fics by these two morons again.
Eggy: Hey, no problem.
Blue: (still struggling with that persistant censoring bar) Grrmme zhhmme!

	Disclaimer: We do not own any of the characters in this story, except for 
one! 

Bee: Hmm, let me guess: Tindei.

	That's right, you guessed it, Tindei! If you really did guess right and 
are proud of yourself, then you must have an I.Q of 331! Hell! You almost topped 
Washu! *Joke* 

Bee: Hey, at least I don't have to dig for my IQ like you guys, okay?

	And if you didn't think that that last part was a joke, well hell with you 
and you're ways!!! 

Jay: And same to you.

	Text Copyright 1999, Max Gilliland (Ryoko39655) & Rhys (pronounced Reese) 
Doyle (Blugoon) .

Blue: (rips off censoring bar) Eeaahhhh!
Bee: Good heavens.
Blue: Bleh! Never do that again, Bee!
Lady Kaguya: Hey, there's Tuba.
Tuba: Hey, Bee, I found a fic for next week. (hands Bee a stack of paper)
Bee: "Magical Girl Pretty Noboyuki." Right, Tuba. I'll just hang onto this until 
next time.
Tuba: Great! See ya later!
Jay: Bye, Bee. Thanks for the pizza.
Lady Kaguya: Later.
Eggy: Bye.
Blue: Catch you tomorrow.
Bee: Thanks for coming.

(Bee watches everyone leave. She turns to the paper shredder and drops Tuba's 
suggestion in)

Bee: Well, that takes care of that. 

Hey, it's me, the Bumblebee. Thank you for coming to the MST Party. Hopefully 
we'll be back soon with another author to torture.

Lady Kaguya: Hopefully it will be good.
Tuba: Hopefully it will be a lemon.
LT: Hopefully it will make sense.
Blue: Hopefully I'll have a dentist's appointment.
Jay: Hopefully I won't be invited.

Okay, guys, shut up already. Anyway, if you have any comments or anything, just 
send it my way at mysteriousbumblebee@angelfire.com. Thanks again.


