Disclaimer- Tenchi Muyo belongs to AIC and Pioneer.  Dragonball Z and Pokemon 
belong to their rightful owners.  I am merely borrowing them.  There is no 
profit being made from this MST.  This fanfic that I'm MST'ng doesn't belong to 
me either(thank God).  Well, on with the MST'ng.


 

 

                               The MST'rs

                   A MST of "A Family Affair"(chapter 2)

                                                               
                    

                                                               

We last left the group in the hallway.

 

Ryu: "I'm glad you all agree.  With that said, let's eat!  We have another fic 
to MST."

Jessie: "What?!  So soon?!"

Ryu: "Yes.  It turns out that he made that part 2 we didn't want.  But don't 
worry.  This will be the final chapter."

Kiyone: "Good.  That fic was boring."

James: "Maybe someone will die for a change."

Vegeta: "Who cares?!  Let's eat!"

 

                                                        (At the cafeteria)

                                                               

                                                               

Jessie: "This is great!  I haven't eaten a decent meal in ages!"

Vegeta: "I've had better."

Kiyone: "From Bulma?"

Vegeta: "That woman can't even cook right!  I'm talking about Kakorotto's 
woman!"

Kiyone: "Sasami's cooking is probably better."

Vegeta: "You mean your housegirl?"

Kiyone: "Shut up Vegeta!"

Vegeta: "Silence woman!"

Ryu: "Simmer down you two!  I'm trying to eat!"

James: (with mouth full) "Wll I thnk iths gd."

Ryu: "What are you talking about James?"

James: (swallowing food) "I said that your food is good."

Meowth: "That's because Jessie's food is poisonus!"

Jessie: (punches Meowth) "Shut up furball!"

Ryu: (looks at watch) "Times up! Let's MST this pathetic little fic. Meowth! 
Projection duty!  Everyone else, to the theater!"

 

 

Everyone enters the theater and sits in their usual spots.  Kiyone on the left, 
Ryu next to her, Vegeta in the middle, Jessie next to him, and James on the 
right.

 

Meowth: "I found the tape!  I'm rolling it now!"

 

The lights turn off, the doors lock, and the fic starts.

 

 

 

Kaitouace here.  After a suitable request,

 

Ryu: "Who the hell did that?!"

 

 let's try and finish

this story.  I wasn't originally planning on having a second part

but everyone seemed to want one.

 

Ryu: "Once again, who the hell would want a second part to this crap?!"

James: "Other pedophiles?"

R!
yu: "Probably."

 

  So here it goes.  And just for the

record, AIC, Pioneer, and lots of other people own Tenchi Muyo,

Tenchi Universe, etc.  Not me...........*SIGH*

 

Kiyone: "Yeah, you wish you owned us."

Meowth: "Ryu wishes he owned you."

Ryu: (pushes a button, and Meowth gets electrocuted).

 

*********************************************************************

James: (opens mouth)

Ryu: "You mention one word about the page break and I'll kill you."

James: (closes mouth).

 

A Family Affair (Part 2):  The Truth Behind The Image

 

Tenchi Muyo Fanfiction by Kaitouace

 

Ryu: "I thought he said he didn't own it!"

&!
nbsp;

*********************************************************************

 

Sunshine lightly filtered through a dark curtain.  Another day had

begun.  A simple day like any other.

 

Kiyone: "As long as you don't count what happened the other night."

 

  Chores needed to be done,

breakfast was on the table, bickering could be heard from the floor

below.  It was time to climb out of bed to face whatever life had

to offer.  But.......

! 

 

Meowth: "Reality set in."

 

Today was different.  Today everything had changed.  There was no

denying it.  It was no dream.  No nightmare.  A young man had taken

advantage of a small child.

 

Kiyone: "You mean he's not going to make excuses for himself?"

 

  Her innocence broken.  Her trust

shattered.  Fortunately the girl's physical being was still intact.

The young man had at least shown that much restraint.  Or was it just

fear?  If the girl hadn't protested, how far would he have gone?  And

if she had protested a minute later, would the man have stopped?

 

Vegeta: "Who the hell are they talking about?  I don't see any men!"

Ryu: "Just teenage pedophiles."

 

A horrible deed such as that should not go unpunished.  That much is

for certain.

 

Vegeta: "Things are starting to look up."

James: "For Tenchi?"

Vegeta: "No, for me.  I'm bored out of my skull!  I want to see somebody get 
killed!"

 

  The laws against such acts are clear and harsh.  As

they should be.

 

Kiyone: "Guess he should've thought of that before he pulled a Michael Jackson 
on Sasami!"

 

               "But......it was an accident.  I didn't mean to...."

 

Jessie: "And here we thought he was going to take responsibility for his 
actions."

 

               "To rape a girl who trusted you?"

 

Ryu: "I love mind arguments.  They make a person look stupider than they already 
are."

 

               "NO!  I wasn't trying to rape her...."

 

Vegeta: "So sticking a foreign object into her.(gets hit on the head with a 
mallet).

Kiyone: "Don't you dare finish that sentence!"

 

               "What then?  You'd hope she'd like it?"

Ryu: "I'm assuming so."

Vegeta: "Either that or he's incredibly stupid!"

Jessie: "I vote for the latter!"

Ryu: "You're probably right.  He really is that stupid."

Kiyone: "I'm afraid I have to agree with you on that one."

 

               ".....No.  I was just........"

 

Such arguments seem ridiculous.  No one would believe it was an

accident.  And if it was, no one would care.  No one but the culprit.

 

Ryu: "I have to agree with him on that one."

! 

Vegeta: "Tenchi? Making an intelligent comment?  The world must be coming to an 
end."

James: "What's next?  Vegeta the brilliant?  Jessie the beautiful?"

Vegeta+Jessie: (punches James) "Shut up!!"!

 

But he wasn't a culprit.  Not yet.  He hadn't been caught.  Only he

and the girl knew.  And she wouldn't tell.  Of course not.  She'd

be too embarrassed.  And she likes him.  She wouldn't.......

!
 

Jessie: "If I were Sasami, I'd tell everybody I saw."

Ryu: "The sad thing is, Sasami might not.  She is a very forgiving person you 
know."

 

    &nb!
sp;          "Oh my God.  What am I thinking?"

 

Ryu: "Okay, that one took me by surprise."

 

               "You're trying to save your own skin.  It's common for

criminals to think that way."

 

Jessie: "Hey!  I find that rather insulting!

James: "Yeah!  We're not common criminals!"

Ryu: "But you'll do anything to save your own skin."

Jessie+James: "Shut up!  We didn't ask you!"

 

               "I'm not a............"

 

Ryu: (as Eminem) "A CRIMINAL!"

Vegeta: "Bad joke again Ryu!"

 

In a perfect world, such things wouldn't happen.  People wouldn't do

such things.  No man should ever have thoughts like these........

 

Ryu: "Thus proving that the author has a distorted mind."

 

But this isn't a perfect world.  And the man's name is Tenchi Masaki.

Ryu: "If anyone understood that, give me a show!
 of hands."

All: (nobody raises a hand).

 

Food disappeared off the plates rapidly.  It was breakfast was usual.

People were preparing for the day ahead.  Some had work, some had

intense meditation.  And...!
...

 

Ryu: "Some had more molesting to do."(Ryu gets hit with a mallet)

Kiyone: "Once again, that didn't need to be said!"

 

some just wanted to eat.  But for

whatever reason, this group was a family.  They laughed together,

cried together (not counting Mihoshi),

 

Kiyone: "Mihoshi never needs a reason to cry."

 

 and saved the universe!

together.  They may not be an "ideal" family but they stuck by each

other through thick and thin.  And no matter how much one may not

like the other......they could ALWAYS be trusted.

 

Vegeta: "So Tenchi wakes up one morning and says, hey, I think todays a great 
day!
 to molest my great aunt.!" (dodges mallet).  "Better luck next time woman!"

 

               "Eh?  Where's Tenchi?"

 

Jessie: (as Sasami) "He's upstairs.  He must be tired after the night of 
feeling!
 me up and whatnot." (gets shot by blaster).

Kiyone: "Next time I won't miss you Vegeta!"

Jessie: "That hurts bitch!"

Kiyone: "Then watch your mouth!  Also, call me a bitch one more time and I'm 
shooting you a new hole!"

Jessie: (quietly sits down).

 

Tenchi.  The name sounded like broken glass.  He was the supposed

"head" of this family.  The representative of the group.

 

Ryu: "It's funny how Nobuyuki quickly lost his status."

 

  The most

trustworthy of them all.

 

Kiyone: "Not to mention Katsuhito."

 

  But it was a lie.  After all this time,

he was exposed.

Ryu: "Really?  I don't see the press anywhere."

 

  He wasn't the normal person he pretended to be.  He

was perhaps the most evil and despicable person of them all.

 

Kiyone: "More than Kagato?"

Vegeta: "More than Freiza?"

Jessie: "More than the boss?"

James: "Now that's a scary thought."

Ryu: "I think Sasami's going a little overboard on this one."

Vegeta: "Think again!  None of them ever tried to rape 8 year old girls!"

Ryu: "Hmm.  Good point, and well made."

 

  But no

one knew that.  No one save one.

 

Meowth: "Until now!"

 

               "Sasami.  Are you all right?"

 

               "............"

 

               "Sasami?"

 

Ryu: "Come in!  I'm not reading you!  Answer me dammit!"

 

               "........I'm fine."

 

The girl barely heard Washu's question and answered it with as much

certainty as she had heard it.  She wasn't all right.  She didn't

know if she would ever be again.  She watched as Washu went back to

her food and wondered.  Should she tell them what happened?

 

Kiyone: "Yes!  Tell them!"

Ryu: "Let Kiyone and Mihoshi arrest him!"

James: "Let Aeka kill him!"

Vegeta: "I don't care how you do it, just kill him!"

 

               ".........Tell them."

 

 &nbs!
p;             "No.  They wouldn't believe me."

 

All: (facefault)

 

               "You don't know that."

 

               "..............."

 

               "Why won't you tell?"

 

Ryu: "Unfortunately, Sasami has a kind hear!
t.  Why don't you kill him Kiyone?"

Kiyone: "I might have to."

 

She knew the answer.  It wasn't that she was afraid for herself.  She

was afraid for the man.  There was no telling what would happen to

him if she spoke.  She didn't want anything bad to happen to him.

 

Ryu: "Do I call it or what."

Kiyone: "If I ever get back home, I need to have a talk to Sasami about being 
aggressive."

Vegeta: "I'm surprised Sasami's still IC!"

Ryu: "So am I.  I was expecting Sasami to like it and.."(sees Kiyone getting 
angry) "nevermind."

 

               "But why NOT?!"

 

Meowth: "We already answered that question!"

 

               "Because.........he's Tenchi-niichan."

 

Vegeta: "What the hell.."

Kiyone: "Is that.."

Ryu: "Supposed to mean?!"

 

 

               "What's THAT supposed to mean?"

 

Vegeta: "Our words exactly!"

 

               "He's my brother......and I love him."

 

Kiyone: "I'm  losing patience!  Stop making excuses Sasami!"

 

               "LOVE HIM?!?  HE RAPED YOU!!!!"

 

Vegeta: "Exactly!  Now kill him!"

Ryu: "You really want to see someone die, don't you?"

Vegeta: "If I don't see something happen soon, I'm going to kill all of you!!"

 

There was that word again.  No matter how many times she tried not

to think of it, there was no other way to describe what happened.

But it couldn't have been that.  Could it?  It had to have somehow

been her fault.  Tenchi would never do that.  It was her fault for

trying to sleep with him.

Kiyone: (sobbing) "Why does that sick bastard of an author torment Sasami so 
much?!"

Ryu: (places a hand on Kiyones shoulder) "It's okay.  It's just a fic."

Kiyone: "I know that.  But why do fic writers like him even exist?"

Ryu: "The same reason cockroaches exist.  To piss off people.

Meowth: "I told you he likes her!"

(Ryu pushes the button, and electrocutes Meowth).

 

  She should be the one punished, not

Tenchi. 

 

Vegeta: "More bullshit approaching!"

 

 The girl was deadlocked in her own thoughts.  What should

she do?

 

Jessie: "Stop blaming herself."

Vegeta: "And kill Tenchi!"

 

               "I'm gonna go get Tenchi."

 

Vegeta: "YESS!"

Ryu: "I don't think she means it like that Vegeta."

Vegeta: "Dammit!"

 

Ryoko smiled as she started to float to the ceiling.  No one really

thought much about that.

 

Ryu: "Then again."

 

  After all he was missing breakfast.  But

one person objected to the idea.  Rather strongly.

 

               "No you will NOT!"

 

Kiyone: (bored) "Let me guess who.  Could it be Aeka?"

 

Aeka rose to her feet in time to catch Ryoko's leg.  She was

obviously not amused.

 

               "Hey!  What's your problem?"

 

Vegeta: "We're really bored, but thanks for asking."

 

               "I know that look in your eyes.  You're going to try and

seduce Tenchi-sama."

 

Ryoko's face shot open in mock innocence.

 

               "What?!  Would I do that?"

 

Jessie: (as Ryoko)"I don't want a disgusting pedophile.  You can have him."

James: (as Aeka) "Gross!  I don't want him either!"

Meowth: "In case you've forgotten, Aeka tried to marry her half brother."

James: "Oh yeah, I forgot."

 

Aeka couldn't believe what she had just heard.
 

               "Are you joking?!  Everyone here is more than certain about

your disgusting and lewd behavior.  The fact that you're even

THINKING of entering Tenchi-sama's room without permission is a

testament to that fact.  And as h!
is future wife I......."

 

James: (as Aeka) "Must also rape Sasami!" (gets hit by mallet).

Kiyone: "Apparently you've forgotten what happened to the rest of these guys!"

 

It took about 5 seconds for Aeka to realize t!
hat she was yelling

at air.  Ryoko had apparently gotten bored of the conversation and

left seconds ago.  Aeka stood dumbfounded as she clutched at nothing.

She tried to speak but couldn't find any words.  She then shot angry

glances at her eating companions who more than probably were

purposely avoiding eye contact.

 

James: "How can they make angry glances and still not make eye contact?"

Ryu: "It really doesn't pay to try figure out stupidity."

 

  Aeka had (once again) been made a!

fool of.  Her face contorted in anger as she was about to scream at

the top of her lungs.  But at the last minute, she grumbled and sat

herself back at her place at the table.  Staring at the ceiling, she

muttered to herself.

 

               "That wench better not try anything."

 

Kiyone: "Then screamed anyway, realizing how stupid that sounded."

 

               "Tenchiiiiiiiii."

 

Ryu: "And the exclamation point was nowhere to be found."

 

Ryoko's head poked up out of the floor as she peeked about the room.

She knew that was unnecessary but old habits die hard.  She didn't

see Tenchi anywhere so she called out for him yet!
 again.

 

               "Tenchi!  Your darling lover is here."

 

Still nothing.

 

            !
   "You're not planning on trying to seduce me, are you?  You bad

boy."

 

All: (burst out laughing).

 

That sentence got a response as a large lump on Tenchi's bed moved

slightly.  Ryoko flew over to investigate.

 

               "Tenchi?  You still in bed?"

 

Kiyone: (as Tenchi) "No Ryoko!  I'm still outside."

 

It was obviously Tenchi but there was no response.  Ryoko decided to

get bolder.  If that were possible with her.

 

               "Oh I see.  You want me to join you.  How naughty.&n!
bsp; Imagine what

Aeka would think."

 

Ryoko moved over to the bed and settled gently on it.  But she still

received no response.  She decided to get a nice, firm grip on him.

But as she reached for him.......

 

               "Leave me alone."

 

Surely Ryoko hadn't heard correctly.  She continued to try and caress

Tenchi.

 

             &nb!
sp; "Ryoko.  Please!"

 

James: (as Tenchi) "Do it again!"

 

Now she was a bit surprised.  Not from his rejection but from his voice.

Tenchi had a way of whining and didn't like her advances but there was

always a certain willingness in his voice.  At least to Ryoko.  But

this Tenchi was straight and to the point.  There was no hesitation.

Just rejection.

 

               "Tenchi.  Are you sick or somethin!
g?  Tell me.  I'll make it

better."

 

Ryu: "He really is sick.  In a manner of speaking."

Kiyone: "And nothing you could do or say can make it better."

Vegeta: "Except to dress up as Sasami."

 

Ryoko unconsciously resumed her playfulness but was soon stopped by a

very firm grip on her hand.

 

               "I sai!
d leave me alone."

 

Vegeta: "So now Tenchi has a spine?!"

Ryu: "That's a start.  He doesn't have any balls though."

James: "Of course he does!  He's using Michael Jacksons."

 

Ryoko slowly backed off as Tenchi released her.  She stared at her

wrist and held it in her hand.  She was definitely confused.  She

wanted to rip those covers off him and find out what was wrong.  What

was he hiding?  Suddenly a silly thought flashed through Ryoko's

mind.

 

Ryu: "I just had an unpleasant thought."

 

               "He couldn't be masturbating, could he?&!
nbsp; Wow.  Just my voice,

huh?  I haven't been in here one minute."

 

Ryu: "Apparently, she also had an unpleasant thought."

Jessie: "She's pretty full of herself."

Vegeta: "Even if he was, he wouldn't be thinking of Ryoko."

Meowth: "That's right!  Tenchi's a pedophile now!"

 

As the thought of busting Tenchi excited her, that thought was erased

as Tenchi made himself perfectly clear.
 

               "Just go AWAY!.....I'll be down in a minute."

 

But Ryoko didn't hear the second part of that statement.  She just

heard the love of her life tell her to go away.  At the moment she

didn't know what it meant exactly but decided to comply for the time

being.

 

Ryu: "What's so unusual about that?  He's always telling her to go away."

 

            &n!
bsp;  "Umm....OK.  But your food's getting cold.  And don't blame me

if there's none left at all."

 

Ryoko sank through the floor in a huff.  Tenchi's attitude definitely

irritated her but hurt her even more so.  She had no idea what was

going on with Tenchi but fig!
ured it would work itself out.  It always

did.  Even so, she wiped a tear out of her eye as she headed back to

the others.

 

Vegeta: "I'm getting bored again!  There's not much in this fic to make fun of!"

Meowth: "Me too!  I'm falling asleep at the projection booth!"

 

Aeka was overjoyed when Ryoko came back so quickly.  She was quick to

announce to everyone Tenchi's rejection of Ryoko.

 

    &nb!
sp;          "You see!  Tenchi-sama isn't swayed by your acts of

shamelessness.  You should just leave him alone and let him live his

life.  Better yet just leave altogether."

 

               "....Yeah.  Whatever."

 

Aeka almost choked on her own tongue

 

James: "That sounds painful."

 

 as Ryoko dismissed her comments

without even so mu!
ch as an angry glance.  Stunned, she settled back

into her seat, content with knowing her Tenchi-sama was safe.  Washu

was the first to ask how her mission went.

 

Kiyone: (as Washu) "So did you kill him?"

Ryu: (as Ryoko) "No, he went outside."

 

               "So......."

 

Ryoko wasn't really listening.  She was staring at her wrist as she

remembered Tenchi's firm grip.

 

Ryu: (as Ryoko) "Gee, my wrist sure is pretty isn't it."

 

               "So what?"

 

Kiyone: (as Ryoko) "Shut up!  You're just jealous because my wrist is prettier!"

 

               "Where's Tenchi?"

 

Ryu: (as Ryoko) "I told you!  He went outside!"

 

               "Umm.....he's not feeling too well."

 

Aeka took this opportunity to finish talking since Ryoko had robbed

her of her chance before.

 

               "What!?!  He's sick!  Oh no!  I'd better go and see!  He might

need my help!"

 

Washu was surprised when Ryoko didn't speak up so she did it for her,

catching Aeka in midstride.

 

               "I don't think that would be too wise."

 

               "What are you talking about?"

 

             &nbs!
p; "I thought you were concerned about Tenchi's welfare."

 

Ryu: "Tenchi's on AFDC?"

 

               "Of course I am."

 

James: "So is Aeka."

 

               "Then let someone who's better qualified than you go."

 

Ryu: "Yeah! Like Ryoko!"

 

               "Are you saying I'm not qualified?!"

 

Kiyone: (as Aeka) "Just because I'm a princess doesn't mean I can't apply!"

 

Washu just nodded her head.&!
nbsp; Aeka was angry but relented.  It's true

that she wasn't exactly good at these sort of things.  So she did the

next best thing.

 

               "Sasami.  You should check on Tenchi-sama."

 

Jessie: (as Aeka) "Since you're more qualified, you go!  Let Tenchi molest you 
again!"

 

Sasami hadn't been paying attention the entire time.  She hadn't

heard a word anyone had said but Aeka's request shot through her

like a knife in the chest.!

 

               "M...me?"

 

               "Yes.  Is there a problem?"

 

James: (as Sasami) "Yes there is!  Your words literally impaled me!"

 

Sasami COULDN'T face Tenchi.  Not after last night.  She tried to

come up with an excuse.

 

   &nb!
sp;           "I......I need to clean up.  The dishes and things."

 

               "We can do that.  We're not TOTALLY inept.  Besides, someone

needs to check on Tenchi."

 

Ryu: "It's strange how much help they want to be now."

 

Sasami was stuck as she tried desperately to come up with some other

excuse.  The thought of seeing Tenchi again terrified her.  What if

he didn't care about what happened?  What if....he tried again?

What if........

 

Vegeta: "You stopped bitching about it and kill him!"

Meowth: "Or at least tell everybody what happened!"

 

               "I'll go check on Tenchi."

 

Everyone was a bit surprised when Katsuhito stood up.  Sasami

especially since she was caught up in her own thoughts.  Katsuhito

confirmed his suggestion.

 

               "I'll go.  Is that a problem?"

 

Vegeta: (as Katsuhito) "It seems I'll have to kill him myself."

 

No one spoke as Katsuhito rose and headed for Tenchi's room upstairs.

As he passed by, he stole a glance of Sasami and could see the pain

on her face.  He wasn't sure what had happened.  But he'd find out.

 

 

Tenchi lay in a miserable heap under his covers.  He was still in

shock as to what he had done.  He KNEW he wasn't that way.  He would

never harm anyone on purpose.  Especially Sasami.  But what had

happened that night?  What made him act that way?  And how could he

make up for his mistake?  What could possibly redeem himself in the

eyes of his little sister?

 

Ryu: "Three simple steps.  Apologize, leave the country, and never be seen 
again.

Vegeta: "Or just kill yourself and save the time."

 

      &!
nbsp;        *KNOCK KNOCK*

 

Ryu: "Who's there?"

 

Tenchi didn't need company right now.  He didn't have the strength to

talk to anyone.

&nbs!
p;

               "Leave me alone."

 

Ryu: "Leave me alone who?"

 

               "Tenchi."

 

Ryu: "Well that's not a very good knock-knock joke."

Vegeta: "Will you shut the hell up!"

 

The coarse voice of his grandfather startled him.  Of all people to

come to his door, he didn't expect it to be him.

 

               "Ji...jii-chan?"

 

Katsuhito entered the room with a purpose.  He walked over to Tenchi's

retracted form and loomed over him like God himself.
 

Ryu: "How would he know what God does!"

Kiyone: "Well Tenchi did do something very evil."

 

               "What is it Tenchi!
?  I know something's wrong."

 

For a moment Tenchi's heart raced.  Did he actually know what happened?

Would he expose him and punish him?  Tenchi began to panic until he

heard his grandfather's gruff voice once again, this time more gentle.

 

               "Tenchi.  Whatever it is, you can tell me."

 

Ryu: (as Katsuhito) "The sooner you tell me, the swifter your death will be."

 

             &nb!
sp; "Well.....I.....I don't know if I can."

 

Katsuhito realized he wasn't going to get anywhere this way so he

decided to play his hand.  The only card he held.

 

James: "So they're playing poker now?"

 

               "I don't know what happened but I do know one thing."

 

Jessie: (as Katsuhito) "You're one sick bastard!"

 

Tenchi's body froze as Katsuhito spoke.

!
 

               "It has something to do with.......Sasami, doesn't it?"

 

Suddenly all the emotion that had escaped him the night before had

taken a stranglehold on his heart.  He burst from the covers and

fell into th!
e arms of his grandfather.

 

               "JII-CHAN!!!!"

 

Ryu: (as Katsuhito) "Stop yer whining and take your punishment like a man!"

 

Sasami stared at her own reflection as it shimmered in the water of

her "family's" large bath.

 

Kiyone: "What just happened?  We didn't even get a warning of being flashed 
elsewhere."

Ryu: "Lazy writing."

 

  As she soaked quietly in the tub, her

thoughts were only on one person.

 

               "Tenchi-niichan."

 

Why did he do what h!
e did?  Why did he.....touch her?  But no matter

how many times she asked that question, her reflection gave her the

same confused look.  Sasami slowly rose from the water and stepped

out.  Her eyes stared at her small feet as she desperately searched

for an answer.  It couldn't be her looks.  The ot!
hers were all more

mature than she was.  Ryoko especially.  Her eyes glanced over her

towel-covered body.  She was too small to be attractive.  Without

thinking, she undid the folds at the top and let the pink cloth fall

to the floor.

 

Vegeta: "If a lemon scene starts to happen, I can't be responsible for what 
happens to everyone in this room!"

 

  Sasami was now looking at her body at its most

vulnerable, watching as her small breasts slowly moved in and out.

There was no way Tenchi could prefer these to those of her sister or

Ryoko.  Sasami turned to meet her reflection in the water.  No matter

how she looked at it, she could never compete.

 

               "........never..."

 

Ryu!
: "I'm assuming Tsunami doesn't exist here."

 

Was that.....jealously?  It couldn't be.  She didn't like Tenchi that

way.  Especially now.  Besides, she wouldn't stand a chance.  Not

with her body.

 

               "Not with these."

 

Sasami winced slightly as she roughly grasped her breasts.  These

tiny things couldn't be what he wanted.  But...why did he touch

them like he did?  Just like.....

 

               "......Ahh.....Tenchi-niichan."

 

Sasami remembered the feelings that Tenchi gave her.  They shamed her

greatly but still felt.....

She slo!
wly stroked her breasts while staring at herself in the water.

 

Kiyone: "That's it!  When this is over, I'm killing the author!!"

Ryu: "It looks like the author went back to his sick, pedo way of life."

 

Could this actually be what Tenchi wanted?  She slowly twisted her

nipples back and forth as images of Tenchi loomed in her head.  As

strange as the situation was, her small body couldn't help but react

as she rubbed her legs together timidly.

 

James: "I'm getting really confused.  Just a moment ago she was hating Tenchi 
and calling him evil."

Ryu: "Trying to figure out the mind of a sick author is like squeezing water out 
of a rock."

Vegeta: "That's an easy task!"

 

This was wrong.  She knew that.  But the feelings coursing through

her body said otherwise.  The girl in the water seemed to be almost

enjoying it.  Sasami slowly brought one hand from her chest to her

legs, lightly grazing her inner thigh.  She gasped, remembering how

Tenchi's hand felt on her body.  She dragged her finger acr!
oss her

skin until she reached.......

 

Sasami stopped.  She couldn't do this.  She was still too young,

even for herself.

 

Ryu: "Okay, ev!
en I'm starting to get confused."

 

  But somehow......Tenchi made her feel this way.

 

Meowth: "That's real mature.  Blaming Tenchi for going OOC!"

 

Somewhere deep down, she still loved him.  She may not be able to

"be" with him but she DIDN'T hate him.  She didn't want to.  She

didn't even need an apology.  She just wanted to know why.  Why

her over the others?  Sasami steeled herself and rushed off.  If she

faced Tenchi, maybe her problems would be solved.  Maybe she could

find the proper question to ask to figure out just why she loved,

and still loved, her Tenchi-niichan with all her heart.

 

Ryu: "That would've sounded noble, if it didn't sound stupid as well.

 

 

Tenchi wandered aimlessly down the path from his home.

 

Ryu: "Bumping into things."

 

 He cradled

his cheek in his !
hand as he remembered the sharp blow his grandfather

gave to his face as he revealed what he had done.

 

Vegeta: "Things are starting to pick up."

 

  He remembered

how he had demande!
d a reason for his actions.  But Tenchi had no

answer.  Katsuhito thought he was being disrespectful but looking

at the face of the distressed young man said otherwise.  He truly

didn't know.  He calmed down and continued to talk.

 

Tenchi had one question.  Why?

 

Ryu: "Because you're a pedophile."

 

  Why did he do that?

 

Kiyone: "Because your also a sick bastard."

 

  WAS he a

pedophile?

 

James: "Most definitely!"

 

  Did he secretly want to molest Sasami?

 

Jessie: "We're not sure, but we know the author wants to."

 

  No.  That wasn't

it.  He KNEW it.

 

Vegeta: "What a sick thought!"

Meowth: "Hey!  That was 5 questions!"

 

  Tenchi may be !
indecisive and a bit clueless at

times but he was very truthful.  He didn't lie, especially to himself.

But then what happened?

 

Ryu: "A demon possesed you?"

Kiyone: "A demon named Kaitouace?"

Meowth: "6th question!"

 

  Was he that curious about girls?

 

Vegeta: "That's a definite no!"

Meowth: "7th question!"

 

  That

wasn't it either.  If so, he had plenty of girls to choose from

besides Sasami.  But it was true that he wasn't fond of Ryoko's

blatant actions and her and Aeka's constant fighting.  If it wasn't

for that, he'd be much more comfortable with them and maybe even be

able to give them what they wanted.  So did that mean that out of

them he loved Sasami the most?  Was she the one he wanted?

 

Meow!
th: "8th and 9th questions!"

Jessie: "Shut the hell up Meowth!!"

 

No...........

 

Meowth: "Wh!
at he said!"

 

Maybe.  She was the most normal and levelheaded of the girls.

That's all Tenchi really wanted in a girl.  And she was beautiful as

well, even at her young age.  So did his frustrations as a man just

overpower his common sense?  Was it that simple?

 

Meowth: "10th and 11th questions!"

Jessie: "I'm going to feed you to Arbok if you don't shut up!"

Ryu: "That reminds me.  Come out Ditto!"
Ditto: "Ditto."

Kiyone: "How come you never showed us that you had a pokemon before?"

Ryu: "I guess I forgot.  Anyways, I feel like having him out."

 

  Possibly.  But for

him to have that much of a lapse of intelligence......

 

Ryu: "Ditto!  Show the true image of Tenchi!"

Ditto: (transforms into a donkey)

James: "Ooh!  What else can he transform into?"

Ryu: "Ditto!  Show the true image ot Jessie!"

Ditto: (transforms into a female dog)

(Everyone laughs except Jessie, who kicks the Ditto and punches James).

James: "Why did you hit me for?!"

Jessie: "You suggessted it!"

 

This didn't matter.  Even if he found the exact reason for his

actions, innocent or not, it was no justification for what he did.

His mind shouldn't be on the reason but........

 

He had reached his destination.  He stood silently as he prepared

to speak with the last person who may be able to help.

 

Ryu: " The Grim Reaper?"

 

               "Kaa-san."

 

The wind blew strongly as his mother's grave seemed to answer him.

 

Kiyone: (as Achika) "You have shamed your family Tenchi!  Raziel the soul Reaver 
shall consume your soul!"

Ryu: "How did you know about Raziel?"

Kiyone: "I've played that game as well."

Vegeta: "Probably imagining Kain as Mihoshi."

Kiyone: "How did you know?"

 

               "I'm sure you know what I've done.  You probably know that

didn't do it maliciously either.  But that's still no ex!
cuse for the

pain I caused.  The pain I caused to......the girl I....I think I

love."

 

Ryu: "First the "I" is missing, then he thinks he loves her?!"

Kiyone: "He might have to m!
arry Sasami to get out of this mess."

Vegeta: "Or he could kill himself."

Kiyone: "Will you stop talking about death!"

Vegeta: "Like you have room to talk!  You were the one talking about soul 
reavers!"

 

The cliff seemed to become deathly silent as he spoke those words.

Undaunted, Tenchi continued his soliloquy.

 

Ryu: "I'll pretend to know what that word means."

 

               "I don't know if this is a real love or if I'm just so turned

off by the others that I'm just falling back on her.  But I'd like

to think I'm not that shallow."

 

Ryu: "Too easy."

 !

Tenchi took a deep breath as he prepared to finish.

 

               "But that doesn't matter.  That's not why I'm here.  I talked

to Jii-chan and he knows.  I thought SO hard about this but I can't

take this anymore.  Nothing will be enough to make this up to her.

It may be the wrong thing but I can't think of anything else."

 

Vegeta: "Yess! He's going to kill himself!"

Kiyone: "I thought I told you to shut up!"

Ryu: "Hold on a second Kiyone!  He may be right."

 

Tenchi remembered his grandfather's words.

 

               "Tenchi.  I understand how you want to repent.  It is only

natural.  I do not think you did this on purpose.  But you should

be punished.  However, I will leave that up to you.  You know better

than anyone else how you feel about this situation.  But just

remember that grief only begets more grief.  Hiding like this is

not the way I raised you.  You can only atone for your sins through

action.  And above all, if you TRULY are innocent, then the gods will

treat you as such.  You must understand that.  If one does not give up

hope then nothing is beyond their reach.  Even forgiveness."

 

James: "I think Vegeta is also right!"

Meowth: "Finally!  We're gonna see some action!"

 

The young man called on the power that was his birthright.  He stared

at the eerie blue light but was not afraid.  He knew what he had

to do.

 

All but Kiyone: "ALRIGHT!!!"

 

               "I understand Jii-chan.  But it hurts too much.  I wish I was

as much of a warrior as you think I am or could be.  This.....this

is all I can do.  Gomen.....Jii-chan, Tou-san, Kaa-san,

Sasami-chan......"

 

Kiyone: "Wait Tenchi!  It's not just your fault!  The sick author made you do 
it!"

Vegeta: "Shut up woman!  I'm enjoying this!"

 

And with his last words, Tenchi thrust Tenchi-ken towards his heart.

 

All but Kiyone: "YAHOO!!! ALRIGHT!!!"

 

 

 

 

Tenchi was surprised.  Death didn't seem like he expected.  There

was no pain, only cal!
mness.

 

Vegeta: "That's called justice being served."

Kiyone: "Shut up Vegeta!  He didn't need to die!"

Ryu: "If he dies, then this horrible fic ends."

Kiyone: "Oh.  Well in that case, ALRIGHT!!!"

 

  He expected to be in Hell or at least

Limbo.  But there was nothing.  Maybe he didn't even deserve to be

in Hell.  Tenchi didn't care but only hoped his decision would be

respected by the others.

 

Vegeta: "Not to worry.  They're probably greatly appreciating it."

James: "I know we are."

 

  As he was listening to the quiet of death,

he heard a small sound.  Almost like a whimper.  He looked around

but couldn't find where it was coming from.  Suddenly his nose

smelled a faint odor.  Almost like something burning.  He listened

more closely and was barely able to make out the words.

 

               "Te.....ch..n.  Ten.....on...ch..n"

 

Ryu: "Time for a game of "fill in the blanks."

 

Tenchi strained his ears to the bursting point and finally could

make out the word.

 

               "......tenchi-oniichan....."

 

.....Onii-chan?  It couldn't be?  Not.....

 

Meowth: "Uh-oh."

Vegeta: "What's wrong cat?"

Meowth: "I'm sensing great dissapointment!"

 

The smell became stronger and Tenchi opened his eyes.  The darkness

was gone.  There was no death.  He then looked down to where

Tenchi-ken should be.  The image shocked him.

 

It was Sasami.  Her hands were wrapped around Tenchi-ken's blade as

she desperately pulled it away from his chest.

 

Vegeta: "NO!!  Stop the annoying little brat!!"

 

          &nbs!
p;    "TENCHI-ONIICHAN!  DON'T DIE!!!!"

 

Vegeta: "Don't tell him that!!  Die Tenchi Die!!"

 

The blade was burning her soft skin and tiny blisters could be seen

forming around her hands.&nbs!
p; But still, she refused to let go.  Tenchi

just stared as her eyes were filled with tears as she tried to save

her brother.

 

Ryu: "The sad thing is that Sasami would actually try to save him, regardless of 
what happened."

Kiyone: "This is true."

 

Without warning, the blade of Tenchi-ken disappeared and the hilt

fell to the soft grass.  Sasami looked up and met Tenchi's gaze.

She was still in tears but smiled slightly as she realized her effort

wasn't in vain.  The adrenaline in her body left her and the pain in

her hands suddenly shot through her as she screamed suddenly and

crumpled to the ground.  Tenchi immediately fell to her side and

cradled her in his arms, forgetting the crimes of his past.  Sasami

looked up at Tenchi and whispered.

 

 &nbs!
p;             "Tenchi-oniichan...."

 

Jessie: (as Sasami) "Don't think you can get out of this situation that easily!  
Death is too good for you!"

Vegeta: "I have to agree with you on that one."

 

Tenchi could only utter one word.

 

Ryu: (as Tenchi) "Damn!"

 

               "....Why?"

 

Jessie: (as Sasami) "Because that's how much I hate you!"

 

Sasami only had one answer.  The only one she needed.

 

James: (as Sasami) "I'd rather see you suffer."

 

               "Because I love you Tenchi-niichan."

 

All: "O_O?!"

 

Tenchi's throat dried up to the point where he thought he'd

suffocate.  He looked deep in her eyes.  There was no fear.  No

hatred.  Only love.  The love of his dear sister.  And Tenchi could

take no more.  His heart burst in emotion and tears poured from his

eyes.  Tenchi's and Sasami's positions rev!
ersed as he lay his head in

her lap, begging for forgiveness.  She smiled as she gingerly brushed

his hair with her burnt hands.  She had heard everything.  She had

followed him from the house and heard his confession.  She didn't

need anymore.  She softly held up Tenchi's chin and looked into his

eyes once more.

 

               "I forgive you."

 

All: "Dammit!!"

 

Tenchi's body shivered as the young princess placed a warm kiss upon

his forehead.  At that moment he didn't see a small girl but a kind

woman and a future queen.  Try as he might, he could do or say

nothing.

 

Meowth: "Unfortunately,!
 neither could we."

Vegeta: "I can!  Damn this fic to hell!!"

 

"And above all, if you TRULY are innocent, then the gods will treat

you as such.  You must understand that.  If one does not give up hope

then!
 nothing is beyond their reach.  Even forgiveness."

 

His grandfather's words came to him once again.  He had given up

hope.  But she didn't.  Even at his absolute worst, she chose to

believe in him.  Tenchi's head sank once more as he continued

weeping.

 

Vegeta: "This isn't fair!  I wanted to see someone die!!"

 

  Sasami smiled as she looked across his lying form.  Last

night was an accident and would be forgotten.

 

Jessie: "Yeah right!"

 

  She only cared that

she had Tenchi back.  Her darling brother.  Her Tenchi-oniichan.

And nothing would ever change that.

 

Vegeta: (charging up energy blast) "Wanna bet?"

 

THE END

All: "HOORAYY!!!"

 

*********************************************************************

 

Jessie: (opens mouth)

Ryu: "The same warning goes to you too!"

Jessie: (closes mouth)

 

Kaitouace here.  BOY!  I'm tired.  I came up with this WAY too fast.

My brain hurts.

 

All: (while thinking !
about authors I.Q, burst out laughing)

 

  Well, let me say a few things.

 

First of all, I'm not 100% sure I like this ending.

 

Vegeta: "Me either!"

 

  I had several

different ones to choose from and I THINK I like this one the best.

 

Kiyone: "I don't care what you think!"

 

Plus I think it's too short.

 

Ryu: "Bad fics that are short are okay by us."

 

  Now I'm sure some of you are like

"WHAT?!"

 
Vegeta: "Same here!"

 

  But let's face it.  This was solved in less than a day

after the incident occurred.  That's a little far-fetched in my book.

 

Ryu: "Maybe the authors not as dumb as I thought."

 

But I think the main reason for that is because I wanted to go to

another story.  I wasn't planning on writing this sequel.  I don't

think it's bad but it could be better if I stuck with it.  It's

like a friend of mine said as he quoted one of his favorite shows.

 

"In the best scripts, the authors love their characters.

 

Ryu: "This is quite true."

 

If you really dislike one of the main characters, the story won't

work."

 

Ryu: "That is also true."

Kiyone: "Then why did he write it?!"

Ryu: "I haven't the foggiest."

 

And the more I messed with this story, the more fed up I was

getting.

 

Kiyone: "The more we MST'ed this story, the more pissed off we were getting!"

 

  So I decided to finish it up and see how it looked even

though I had a few more ideas I could have put in or played with.

 

Ryu: "We appreciate you ending it quickly."

 

I!
'd rather leave it good and a bit short then mess with it more

and have it end up being crappy.

 

Kiyone: "What the hell are you talking about?!  It still turned out crappy!"

 

  But who knows?

 

James: "We know."

Ryu: "The shadow knows."

 

  If I get bored

one day I may actually pull this story back out and ma!
ke an

extended version.  A "director's cut" if you will.

 

All: "Noooo!!!!"

 

Hope you don't think I'm being uppity by my comments but that's

how I write.

!
 

Ryu: "We have a few words, but they're not uppity."

James: "Try lazy."

Vegeta: "And stupid!"

Kiyone: "And sicko!"

Jessie: "And f***ed up."

(all stare at Jessie).

Jessie: "What?  He's a lazy, stupid, sick bastard.  If that doesn't qualify for 
f***ed up, then I don't know what does!"

Meowth: "I can't argue with that."

 

 

I also know that this story kinda jumps in between the Tenchi

Universes but it was originally intended to be in the Tenchi TV

series.  Remember that Tenchi slept with Sasami AND Washu in the

OVAs.

 

Ryu: "This author has one sick mind!"

Kiyone: "I can't believe he would even bring that up!"

Vegeta: "I !
guess that's what the pedo fans were hoping for."

 

And for you guys who wanted some lemon action, sorry.

 

Vegeta: "Good!  Sick bastard Tenchi fans!"

 

  I REALLY

felt that if that happened between the two of them, then it would

destroy the whole purpose of the story.  The first part would become

moot.  Why fight it if Sasami gives it to him later?  So I went this

way.

 

Ryu: "Makes sense."

Kiyone: "That's no excuse for writing it in the first place!"

 

  But if you guys like my stories but want more "action", you can

read my Card Captor Sakura fanfiction.

 

Ryu: "What did I tell you.  This authors a pedophile."

Jessie: "I love that show!  That author is on my hit list!"

 

  It's available at this

address.

 

http://www.crosswinds.net/~tomoyoinlove/yuri/tomoyoandsakura/

 

Ryu: "I'll be sure to send a virus there."

 

That should satisfy you guys.  Well, it's been real.  Real tiring.

I'll rest up a bit and I'll be back with a Pretty Sammy story which

has been in my head for months.  You'll be surprised, trust me.

 

Kiyone: "does this sick bastard ever think about anything but having sex with 
children?!"

James: "Maybe it's not a lemon."

Vegeta: "And maybe I don't love fighting!"

Ryu: "Judging by this authors mind, it probably is."

 

And of course, any comments, criticisms, etc. can be made to:

 

kaitouace@hotmail.com

 

BOY I hope this doesn't suck.

 

All: "Too late!!"

 

Ja ne!

 

 

The lights turn on, the doors unlock, and everybody leaves.

&nb!
sp;

                                                          (the lobby)

                                                               

                                                               

Ryu: "Okay everybody!  Rest up!  In a month, we will be MST'ng a Ranma lemon."

Meowth: "It's not gonna have more child molesting is it?!"

Ryu: "Fortunately, no."

All: "Whew!"

Ryu: "So until the month is up, enjoy yourselves!  You've earned it!"

 

The group leaves and does whatever they want.

 

                                                           The End

                                                               

                                                               

So, what did you think?  Send your questions, comments, etc, to 
rubynall@hotmail.com 

The MST'ing itself is like a story, so be sure to read them in order, and keep 
checking up.  

Of course, this next MST will be in the Ranma category, 

so if you read this and are not in fanfiction.net, then that's where you'll find 
it.  

One final note, I hope the author doesn't write any more of this.  Like I said 
before, 

I hate Sasami lemons, or any lemon depicting a child in a sexual situation.

 
Sayonara!^_^
 


Send and receive Hotmail on your mobile device: Click Here


