
So what do you do when all the good characters and stories are taken? 
-----Clayton Overstreet

Quote from Pojo's EZ board:
Takato: (Walks into Yugi's grandfather's store) Do you have any Digimon 
cards?
Yugi's Grandfather: (Pulls his shotgun from behind the counter and points it 
at him) Get... out... NOW!!!



MSTers

Clayton Overstreet
Aisha Clan-Clan

Aisha: Hey where's everybody else?
Clayton: They were all grabbed by other MSTs.
Aisha: So what are we going to do?
Clayton: I'm going to grab some people off my Bastard!! DVD
Aisha: But almost nobody saw that!
Clayton: Well whom do you suggest?
Aisha: Look at least get Gluko back. Arshes isn't exactly a barrel of 
laughs.
Clayton: Deal (Plugs in the DVD)

Dark Schneider (Evil wizard/hero)
Yoko (His girlfriend and priestess)
Ninja Master Gara
Gluko (Monkole knights)

Gluko: Yay! Mihoshi stories!
Darsch: (Glares at Clayton and begins to glow) You brought Yoko here?!?
Gara: To this dark, secluded theater, in an alternate dimension from her 
father and any meddling "virgin" guards?
Darsch: Oh yeah...
Yoko: Watch it Lusche!
Darsch: Sorry Yoko
Aisha: I like her
Clayton: Good. Now is everybody ready?
Gara: Is this a lemon?
Clayton: Nope. This time I want to prove I'm the best.
Gluko: A real challenge huh?
Clayton: You better believe it
Aisha: What brings this on?
Clayton: (Evil grin) Ryoko got Tenchi in the magna. I feel like celebrating.
Darsh: What? For certain?
Clayton: Yep. It's over. No more polls over who he'll pick, no more 
pointless Aeka gets Ryoko stories... none of it.
Yoko: So what are we MSTing?
Clayton: One of my fics. One I told everyone was completely unMSTable. It 
made people cry.
Gara: Ha!


I don't own these characters. Never claimed to. And am not making a dime off 
of it.

Darsh: Ah, it's your earlier work.


True happiness: The perfect fan fic
By, Clayton Overstreet and his muse

Aisha: Won't she be pissed with you for this?
Clayton: I feel my muse is still helping me

  Ryoko sat on the dock, absently twirling her toes in the cool lake water 
and watching the
ripples. From behind her she heard foot steps on the wooden planks and felt 
a had touch her
shoulder.

Yoko: You said no pointless Aeka Ryoko sex!

She looked up and saw Tenchi smiling down at her, "Ryoko, I think we need to 
talk."
She blushed slightly, "If it's about that hole in the living room wall I'm 
sorry. Ayeaka and I had
another fight and..."

Gara: And Sasami made the perfect weapon
Yoko: You do remember she's a god right (Thunder rolls over the area)
Gara: Sorry

He shook his head, "No Ryoko, it's not about that; not exactly." He sat
down next to her, letting his own feet dangle into the water. "I wanted to 
talk to you about...
well about us actually." Ryoko raised and eyebrow and was about to ask what 
he meant when
he held up his hand, "Please, let me finish before you say anything, ok?" 
Ryoko nodded still a
little unsure of what was happening. Tenchi smiled gratefully and continued, 
"You know I love
all of you girls.

Darsh: Well except Aeka. She's just creepy

You're all family to me.

Gluko: Aeka's definition of family or someone else's?

Except you Ryoko.

Aisha: Well time for her to pack

You're more than family to me. I
honestly and truly think I love you. But..."
  Ryoko was shocked. Tenchi had just told her he loved her.

Clayton: Yep
All: (Conga line) Ryoko got Tenchi, Ryoko got Tenchi, Ryoko got Tenchi...

It took her a second to realize just
what had happened, "But what Tenchi?" He smiled and held her hand, "But you 
need to realize
it too. You have to accept that I care about you Ryoko." Ryoko shook her 
head confused, "But
Tenchi, I do care about you.

Gara: Just ask Kagato
Gluko: Got an Ouija board?

I love you Tenchi." Tenchi nodded and squeezed her hand slightly.
"I know you do Ryoko. That's not what I said. What you have to admit to 
yourself is that I love
YOU." Tears fell from Ryoko's cheeks. Tenchi reached up and wiped them away. 
"I know you
haven't exactly had a chance to love anyone before Ryoko and you aren't used 
to it.

Darsch: Not that she hasn't tried... I've seen the hentai
Yoko: (Hits him) Knock it off pervert!

Neither am
I. All the people I've ever loved have been family. And you didn't even have 
that before you
came here."
  Ryoko took in a deep breath and hugged Tenchi close to her. Tenchi looked 
down,

Gara: That a boy!

"I'm sorry
Ryoko. I didn't tell you this to make you cry.

Gluko: (As the gingerbread man) Do you really want to hurt me? Do you really 
want to make me cry?

I just wanted you to know that no matter what, I
will always love you. I don't feel this way about anyone else. You have 
nothing to fight with
Ayeaka

Yoko: Ayeaka? Sounds like you're clearing your throat

over. Do you understand?"

Aisha: Can you repeat the question Alex?

Ryoko nodded and sobbed lightly into his chest. Her tears
leaving stains on his shirt.

Clayton: Well some bodily fluid anyway

Then taking a deep and labored breath she pulled away. "Tenchi, can
I tell you something?" Tenchi smiled and nodded, "Anything Ryoko." Ryoko bit 
her bottom lip
and looked at him, "You can't tell this to anyone else ok?

All: (Hold up tape recorders)

Washu and Ryo-oki don't even know
about this... or at least they didn't until now." Tenchi nodded, a concerned 
look on his face, "I
promise Ryoko." Breathing slowly Ryoko turned back to the lake and looked 
off into the
distance.
  "You were wrong about one thing Tenchi, I did once love before I met you.

Clayton: Damn and I complained about 'Wanting more' being over written

You know most of
what Kagato did to me. The beatings, the mind games, and the raids he made 
me go on.

Darsch: (As Steven Spielberg) I need the Ark for a movie I'm doing
Aisha: (As Lara Croft) Send her but let me take the credit and I'll pay you 
a lot of money

But
there was something he did that nobody else knows about."

Gara: I knew he wore women's underwear under that robe thing of his!

Tenchi listened intently, staring at
Ryoko's unfocused eyes. "On one raid, I came across a frivet nest. Frivets 
are small little
animals a lot like the mice on this world, only with six legs and neon blue 
fur. They are sentient
and very friendly. There was one baby in the nest, and I could see the 
mother dead near by. I
took the baby out and held it in my hand. Kagato had never actually said 
that I wasn't to have a
pet, so I slipped it into my pocket and took it back with me. I never told 
Kagato about it though.
For two years, I raised it. Gave it food from the scant rations Kagato 
allowed me. It slept on
my pillow. After Kagato's beatings it would comfort me and cuddle up with 
me." The tears fell
faster and more frequently down Ryoko's cheek.
  "I never did give it a name, afraid that somehow Kagato would pick it out 
of my mind. But
through that whole time he was my one true friend. My family. Then one day 
Kagato came to
my room. He told me he knew about the frivet and ordered me to bring it 
before him. I did as he
asked, carrying it cuddled in my hands. It was shaking well aware of who 
Kagato was and what
he was most likely going to do to it." Tenchi bit his lip in expectation of 
what was to come, but
what Ryoko said next was worse than anything he imagined.

All: Oh crap

  "Kagato looked at him and petted him. Then turned to me and smiled. He 
said, 'Ryoko you
shouldn't have kept this from me. This thing has been keeping you from 
fighting at your best.
You need to learn what happens when you care about something enough that you 
no longer
want to fight.' Then he ordered me to kill the frivet myself."

Gara: Oh that's sick
Clayton: I know... I'm the one who thought it up... or maybe it was my muse.
Yoko: This is so wrong

Tenchi was in shock, "You mean he
used his mind control like when he made you attack me?" Ryoko looked at him 
and slowly
shook her head. "No Tenchi. This was worse than that. I was his then Tenchi. 
He owned me at
that point. He told me exactly how to kill it. First by twisting off his 
legs, then by breaking his
back. Finally as I reached to break his neck, the frivet looked up at me and 
nodded. He licked
my  finger and cuddled my hand just before I..." Ryoko leaned forward and 
sobbed, unable to
continue. Tenchi wrapped his arms around her and held her close, letting her 
cry.

Gluko, Yoko, and Gara: (Burst into tears)
Aisha: (Sniffles, her lip trembling and looks away from the screen)
Darsch: That does it! He's giving us white haired evil guys a bad name! 
(Uses a spell and brings Kagato to them)
Kagato: What? A second ago I was being sliced in half...
Darsch: (Chanting) May the fires of hell become my sword and strike you 
down. Venom!
Kagato: (Scream in agony as his body is splattered around the room by the 
spell)
Others: (Wipe their faces off then applauded)

  Finally Ryoko's breathing became normal and she felt Tenchi holding her. 
"That was just before
he sent me to attack Jurai.

Gluko: Time for the back-story

That's why Yosho was able to beat me, I didn't want to win. I let him
chase me down. When he didn't kill me, instead sealing me away in the cave, 
I figured I would
do the job for him. But I couldn't. No matter how much I let my body decay 
Yosho's damn
machine kept me alive. So instead I left my body. I watched the centuries 
pass around me.
Then one day a girl was born. She grew up around here, would come by a lot. 
I watched her,
saw a young man court her. Then she left. One day she returned, with a small 
baby on her back.
The baby saw me, smiled at me. It reminded me of my frivet, how he would 
react when I came
back to my room.
  "As the boy grew, we played together at the shrine, but over time he lost 
the ability to see me.

Yoko: Puberty always makes boys less fun
The men: Hey!
Yoko: (Kisses Darsh. He doesn't turn into Lusche) Huh? What happened?
Darsch: Clayton has a new lemon coming out. (Evil grin) No more kissing 
transformations (Kisses her back)
Clayton: Though I am thinking of having a crossover fic where Lusche goes to 
Yu-gi-oh

I didn't care. When his mother died, he came to the cave, to me, for 
comfort. I tried my best to
hold him, to tell him it was alright. He couldn't see me though." Tears fell 
from Tenchi's eyes, a
combination of pain from remembering his mother's dead,

Aisha: Dead what?
Clayton: I think I meant death. Anyway I always got his mother and 
grandmother confused.

and sadness for Ryoko. "Then you
came and freed me Tenchi. But when you saw me you were afraid, and you hurt 
me. It was too
much. That was why I attacked you Tenchi. I had actually grown to believe 
what Kagato had
said. I had to fight someone Tenchi. And when Ayeaka came and attacked it 
gave me the only
way I had to fight someone I didn't care about."
Tenchi held her and rubbed her hair, "Ryoko, Kagato was wrong. And he is 
dead. If he
weren't at this point I'd make him wish he were for what he's done to 
you..."

Gluko: (Peels some Kagato off the wall) He's dead
Clayton: (Turns on the sprinklers to clean them all off)

Ryoko put her
fingers on his lips, "No Tenchi, no. You aren't like that. But if you want, 
I will do my best to
change." Now it was Tenchi's turn to interrupt, "No Ryoko. I don't want you 
to change. You
wouldn't be the girl I love if you did. I just want you to calm down a bit, 
and only fight when
there is a reason. There is no reason for you to fight with Ayeaka anymore. 
I love you and
nothing anyone will ever do will change that alright?"
  Ryoko smiled and nodded. Tenchi leaned forward and pressed his forehead to 
hers, "Now
about that hole in the living room..." Ryoko smiled and bit her lip

Aisha: Off
Gluko: It'd just grow right back

, "Ok Tenchi, Ill go see Washu
about getting it fixed." She kissed him on the lips and teleported away.

Darsh: Without humping him?
Gara: Yeah right
Clayton: Hey the only sex he's ever had in any series was with a dead girl. 
Cut me some slack

  Ayeaka was furious. Why did she have to go out for groceries. She was a 
princess. And it left
Ryoko at home alone with Tenchi. Not that Tenchi would ever fall for that 
creature,

Yoko: Of course not...
Gluko: No way
Aisha: Never going to happen

but the
things Ryoko could force him to do.

Gara: Hey I like they way she thinks (Buckles over as Yoko kicks him in the 
balls)
Yoko: Don't make me tell Arshes
Gara: Bitch
Darsh: What was that Gara?
Gara: (Glares at both of them) Never mind

As she walked along the road home she at least wished she
knew how to drive a car. She owned a space ship but driving something that 
wasn't directly
controlled by her mind escaped her as much as cooking had Ryoko. But it was 
her turn and it
was either live under a house by Tenchi's rules, or go back to Jurai.

Darsch: Or my personal favorite, blowing up the house

  As she crested the hill she looked towards the house and saw Ryoko through 
the hole in the
wall. She had just entered Washu's lab. Looking around Ayeaka saw Tenchi out 
on the dock,
with his feet sticking into the water. She almost went over to talk to him 
when she remembered
that the eggs and ice cream needed to be put in the refrigerator. Sighing 
heavily she lugged the
bags to the kitchen.
  When she got there Sasami smiled and began putting everything away,

Aisha: For crying out loud let the girl out of the damn kitchen!
Clayton: (holds up something Sasami cooked) Okay but she won't be cooking 
any more...
Aisha: On second thought the experience is probably good for her (Takes the 
food and begins eating)
Clayton: Anyway in the magna they let her out and she got hiccups. The 
others convinced her that if she got to 100 she'd die
All: Awww...

and asked Ayeaka to
help just before she made it out the door. Ayeaka turned back and started 
putting things away.
"Sasami, anything...um interesting happen today?" Sasami thought about it 
for a second. She'd
seen Tenchi and Ryoko on the dock, but much as she didn't like lying to her 
sister she knew
that mentioning that would only cause problems, "No, not really. Just 
another quiet day on planet
Earth. Except when Ryo-oki got into a fight with her reflection in the glass 
door. It was so cute.

All: Awe...

You should have seen it Ayeaka."
  Ayeaka smiled, She had seen Ryo-oki's fights with the door before. Lately 
she had been
spending a lot of time in her toddler form, but did on occasion turn into 
the little cabbit she was.

Aisha: Remember when she came for an MST?
Clayton: Yeah. She has a very foul mouth

For some reason she almost never took on her adult form though. Ryo-oki had 
explained to
Sasami that it just wasn't worth it considering that Ryoko and Ayeaka might 
see her as
competition for Tenchi.
  Earlier when Sasami had seen Tenchi and Ryoko on the dock Ryo-oki had been 
crying and
she had heard an echoing sound from Washu's lab. She had asked Tsunami about 
it but the
goddess also had a tear in her eye and told her that she didn't want to 
know.

Gluko: That's right (Sniffle) poor little frivet

Sasami believed
her. Looking at Ayeaka as she absently put the cans away Sasami saw her 
sister. A person who
really did care about others, but had been taught to hold her emotions in. 
Sasami shook her head
and gave thanks to Tsunami that she had gotten out before it had happened to 
her. "You're
welcome Sasami." Sasami grinned when she heard the voice in her head. Since 
merging with
Tsunami evening prayers had taken on a whole new meaning.

Yoko: (As Tsunami) Yes I'll bless them all, now will you quit bugging me?

  Ayeaka glanced at Sasami and saw her usual satisfied grin. She often 
wondered why her
sister always insisted on doing the chores and cooking around here.

All: The writer has nothing else for her to do!

She was a princess and had
she asked their father would have sent servants to do that for her. But 
Sasami was totally against
the idea. She said that doing chores relaxed her and she enjoyed the 
comments the others made
on her cooking.

Clayton: (As Tenchi) What the hell's in this shit?

After she had asked, "Would you rather I let Ryoko cook again?" Ayeaka had
dropped the subject.

Darsh: I'm immortal and I wouldn't want to chance that
Gara: Might as well eat mermaid flesh

  By the time they were done putting things away Tenchi was gone from the 
dock and his
gardening tools were gone too. Ayeaka sighed and sat down on the couch, 
turning to the
afternoon soap opera.

Aisha: This is a soap opera

  In Washu's lab  Ryoko was walking down the long hallway that lead to where 
Washu worked.
Of course when Washu wanted to use the door or bring someone in herself the 
door opened
directly to her. And for some Reason it did the same thing when Mihoshi used 
it. But when
someone wanted to see her on their own, they had to work for it.

Clayton: Now did I make this a hentai scene or not... I can't remember

Ryoko knew better than to
try to fly or teleport in here. She had found out about Washu's little force 
field that time the Mass
had escaped.

Gluko: Actually that zapping thing looked like fun

  On the plus side it gave her a chance to think. Tenchi had told her he 
loved her and she had
told him about the darkest moment in her life. She knew what he had meant by 
accepting that
he loved her. By fighting with Ayeaka over him meant that he was still up 
for grabs and that he
might choose Ayeaka. But that was not going to happen.

Darsh: Yeah, but everyone knew that

No matter what he was hers. She
and Tenchi both knew that she loved him. Would do anything for him, but the 
simple fact that
someone loved her, despite that she knew it was true, was somehow hard to 
hold onto.
  She knew that Washu and Ryo-oki had heard every word she had said. She 
could feel
Ryo-oki trying to comfort her, but Washu had cut off the link before Ryoko 
had even formed the
words for Tenchi. Ryoko finished taking the third left and turned around the 
way she had come,
only to find herself in Washu's lab. All around her were tanks with all 
kinds of strange animals.

Gara: Hey look, it's Elvis!
Gluko: I think Washu breeds tentacle monsters for anime series

The tank the Mass had been kept in was now empty. Walking up behind Washu 
she tried to be
as quiet as she could, "Um... Washu? Tenchi sent me to see if you could 
maybe fix the hole in
the living room?"
  Washu's voice came from the other side of her chair, "I already fixed it 
while you were walking
in here." Ryoko could only see Washu's hair, but for some reason Washu's 
voice sounded
strange. She waked around Washu's chair and looked at her face. Washu's eyes 
were blood
shot. She was biting her lip.

Yoko: It's genetic

When she saw Ryoko she looked away. Her voice came back to
Ryoko again, "I'm happy that Tenchi and you have gotten together Ryoko." 
Ryoko put her hand
on Washu's shoulder, "Did you want him that much?" Washu shook her head. "No 
Ryoko. I did
consider it,

Clayton: You grew three feet higher, two feet in the chest, then rubbed 
against him

but gave that up a long time ago. No Ryoko, that's not why I am crying."
  Ryoko waited patiently for a minute. "Is it because of what I told Tenchi? 
Is that it?" Washu
paused for a moment and shook her head, "No, that's only part of it. Do you 
know why I made
you Ryoko?"

Aisha: Party game?

Ryoko nodded, "Because Kagato wanted a weapon." Washu turned and looked
at Ryoko. Her eyes still blood shot, now were hard. "Ryoko I made you before 
I was taken by
Kagato. Do you remember when I told you about my son? The one who was taken 
from me
along with my husband?"

Darsh: The one that looks remarkably like Mihoshi's grandfather...

Ryoko nodded. "Well he was barely a month old when that happened.
He never even learned to talk. I never heard him call me 'Mom'." Ryoko 
listened as Washu's
voice cracked, "I made you so that I could have a daughter, a baby. Someone 
who I could love
and who would love me. Who would call me 'Mother'. When you were finally 
done Kagato
took you from me, locking me away on his ship. Both my children were gone. 
My reason for
becoming human in the first place was gone."
  Ryoko looked at her in surprise, "Becoming human? You weren't always..." 
Washu shook her
head. "I was once a goddess Ryoko. Tsunami's sister in fact. I gave up my 
power to become
human so that I would know what it was like to love someone.

Gara: Right...
Clayton: Well she is... her reasons I don't know so I guessed

I put all my power into your
gems, wiped my memory for the first twenty thousand years of my life. I 
thought that by then I
would be dead and my powers returned as I entered the after life. But no, I 
lived. and I did so
without my children." Washu cried and leaned forward in her chair. "And now, 
thanks to him,
when you do call me mom you say it with such disgust..." Ryoko put her arm 
around Washu's
shoulder and rubbed it. "I'm sorry Washu, I didn't know. I thought Kagato 
had you make me as
a weapon. That's what he told me. Told me I wasn't human.

Aisha: She isn't
Clayton: Details...

That he could have made me in any
shape he wanted. I didn't know..." Washu held Ryoko's hand on her shoulder. 
Slowly turning
back she smiled up at Ryoko. "I'm sorry. I let him do all that to you. I 
should have seen it.
Should have known what he was planning. I'm the smartest person in the 
universe.

All: Bullshit

I used to be
omnipotent, knew everything that had, would, or could happen. Do you have 
any idea what it's
like to have to find things out after having lived like that since the dawn 
of time?"

Gluko: You don't look a day older than the dawn of life

   Ryoko shook her head. "Washu... mom. I'm sorry. Sorry I blamed you for 
what Kagato
did. You couldn't have known." She hugged Washu tightly, felt her body shift 
under her touch.
When Ryoko looked up again she saw Washu's adult form staring back. "You... 
you called me
mom..."

Gara: (Sniffle)

Washu hugged Ryoko to her tightly. When she let go Ryoko smiled. Washu 
smiled
back and nodded, "Ryoko... my daughter."

  After Ryoko left the lab, Washu sat there thinking and getting used to her 
body again. It had
been so long since she had given it up in favor of the younger form. She 
remembered that at
one time she had considered ending her own life, had just wanted to die and 
return to her
powers as a goddess. Something had stopped her.

Darsh: A convenient plot point
Clayton: Hey plot devices are all powerful in anime.
Gluko: Even in Dragon Ball Z the plot holes can fight against the eternal 
dragon

She had no idea what, except the feeling that
she had something left to do. Something had to make the pain and horror she 
had called life
worth while.
  As she sat in the glow from her computer Washu noticed another source of 
light. A blue glow
from next to her. She turned and saw Tsunami standing beside her. "Hello 
sister." Tsunami
smiled and placed a hand on Washu's. It passed through her without effect,

Gara: Reminds me of Star Wars

her real form now
being Sasami's. Washu appreciated the sentiment though. "Did you want to 
talk to me?"
Tsunami nodded, "Washu, I know what you are going through." Washu smiled 
ruefully, "I know
you do Tsunami. That is the problem with being omnipresent. You know what 
happens to
everyone. It's why it's so hard for a god to remain good. It drove out 
sister to the darkness and
left me halfway there myself. If we had had emotions then I don't know what 
would have
happened."
  Tsunami looked off into the lab, "It's not easy. You gave up your powers 
when you became
human. I did not. Now I feel and know what it's like, but can't do anything 
about it. That's why I
haven't merged with Sasami yet. It's getting harder to keep separate, but I 
don't want her to
know what it's like. But that isn't why I'm here."

Aisha: Washu, you've just won one million dollars!

  Washu raised an eyebrow, "It isn't?" Tsunami shook her head, "No. I came 
to talk with you.
When you left to become human, you left me alone. I don't know why but after 
that I couldn't
stay there either. I left and went to Jurai, with my children. I thought 
that was what you meant by
having a child. I didn't know. When Sasami was hurt in Kagato's attack, I 
merged with her. I
could have healed her normally, but I was curious. I wanted to know why you 
had become
human. Now I do and it hurts. I feel so selfish for what I did to Sasami..." 
Washu nodded and
looked up to her, "You didn't know any better Tsunami.

Clayton: So much for being omniscient

The universe through the eyes of a god
appears to be ours, to do with as we please. We made the creatures in it. We 
formed it from
the void. It's easy to forget that when you make a life, it is a life in 
itself."
  Tsunami cried, looking at Washu then, "Soon Sasami and I will be one, and 
I need to know.
How do you stand the not knowing? That's the one thing Sasami made me 
promise not to give
her when we merge. So I need to know how you stand not knowing."
  Washu shook her head, "It's part of being human Tsunami. They don't have a 
choice. If they
don't know something they either never do or they find out. It's why I'm a 
scientist. I need to
find out. Have you ever felt what it's like for Sasami when she learns 
something new?" Tsunami
nodded and smiled, "That sense of self satisfaction?" Washu grinned, "Well I 
wouldn't have put it
quite that way, but yeah. That's what makes up for not knowing everything. 
Finding out."

Yoko: How Zen

  Tsunami smiled and bowed, "Thank you sister." Suddenly she was gone and 
Washu was
alone again. But for some reason, she didn't feel that way.

  Sasami smiled joyfully as she made lunch. Even though she knew something 
was bothering
some of the others, she knew that in the end it would all work out. As she 
finished putting the
last slice of bread on the last sandwich she felt Tsunami return. "Did you 
ask Washu what you
wanted to know?" Tsunami answered, "Yes. She was very helpful." Sasami 
smiled and picked
up the plate of food, "She usually does." As she carried the sandwiches out 
to the table she saw
Tenchi enter the house. "Hello Sasami. Wow, you've outdone yourself again 
huh?" Sasami
blushed and set the food on the table. Mihoshi came down the stairs being 
dragged by the new
girl, Kyonei.

Others: Kyonei?
Clayton: Hey I still sounds alright. Anyway I needed a separate story and 
I'm good at getting those two together

"Come on Mihoshi. I want to get there before Ryoko eats all the food again."
  Ryoko phased through the wall and looked at Kyonei harshly, "Me eat all 
the food? You and
Mihoshi seem to pack your share away." Kyonei frowned and said, "Only if we 
can get to it
Ryoko." Mihoshi smiled her usual smile, "Kyonei what about that stash of 
food you keep
hidden in your..." Kyonei's hand slapped over Mihoshi's mouth. "Mihoshi! I 
told you not to say
anything about that."

Gara: Now this has possibilities!

  Ayeaka came down the stairs next. She always felt the need to walk 
properly so always got to
meals slowly. At the same time Yosho came through the front door and sat 
down at the table.
He smiled at Sasami, "Looks good Sasami, as always." Ayeaka sat and 
registered her approval.

Aisha: That'll be twelve ninety-nine plus tax. Let me ring it up on the 
register (Catches the other's looks) What?
All: Lame!

As they surrounded the table they were all surprised when Washu came out of 
her lab. She
almost never ate anything except dinner. But aside from that she was in her 
adult form. They had
only seen her like that one time before.
  Sasami spoke up first, "Wow Washu, what's the occasion?" Ayeaka looked at 
Sasami and
frowned, "Sasami a princess does not pry into other people's business."

All: Bullshit!
Clayton: It's true! (Pointing to a closet in the corner) And I for one don't 
believe Aeka and her father have spies everywhere
Gara: (Snaps his fingers and some ninja's pass briefly by and dive into the 
closet. Seconds later they walk out casually with bloody swords)

Washu chuckled as
Sasami blushed, "But Ayeaka, a goddess does. To answer your question Sasami 
I felt it was
time for a change." Sasami grinned and nodded, "Well don't change too much 
Washu. We'd
miss you." Washu smiled as the others added their agreements to the 
sentiment.
  Later after everyone had eaten their fill and complemented Sasami again

Darsch: Kiss ups

they each went their
separate ways. Kyonei and Mihoshi went upstairs, Ryoko and Ayeaka parked 
themselves on
either side of the couch to watch T.V., Tenchi went to the shrine to do his 
chores, and Ryo-oki
joined Sasami in the kitchen.

Yoko: (Checking the papers) Well that takes care of all the Tenchi 
stereotypes

Washu sat at the table for a while, then went to her lab.

Yoko: Oops, missed one.
Clayton: So much for her learning an important lesson huh?

  Upstairs Kyonei and Mihoshi had taken a room in the attic. Kyonei had 
insisted that she and
Mihoshi pay to stay there, but Tenchi wouldn't take more than a few yen. 
They had tried living
in an apartment but their part time jobs hadn't paid enough. And full time 
jobs were out since
they were constantly called off as galaxy police. So Tenchi let them stay in 
the attic.

Aisha: Which, was haunted by Yosho's wife...
Gluko: Another one of his exs causing trouble?

  Mihoshi lay back down on her bed and looked over at Kyonei. On weekends 
they often
enjoyed a break. Often they were called off world but at least they didn't 
have to work on Earth
too. "Kyonei, are you alright?" Kyonei looked up from the magazine she'd 
been reading, "Yeah
Mihoshi. Why do you ask?" Mihoshi turned and looked up at the ceiling, 
"Because you always
get so angry.

Darsch: I could suggest something to relieve stress (Licks his lips)
Yoko: (Hits him on the head)
Darsch: (Grows cat ears for a second) Ow! Knock it off Yoko. I'm a wizard 
after all. Show some respect
Yoko: Want another one?
Darsch: No. Sorry (Hugs her)
Yoko: You're forgiven

Complaining about your promotions, our jobs, and everything I do..."
  Mihoshi bit her lips

Gluko: So she is related to Washu!

and a tear fell down her cheek.

Gara: This always reminds me of that old commercial with the piece of trash 
on the highway

"Kyonei why do you get so mad at me?"

Clayton: She needs to get laid

Kyonei looked at her partner. Mihoshi had just asked the one question she 
had never thought
about. She knew she got mad at Mihoshi a lot, blamed her when they weren't 
promoted... but
for the life of her she couldn't think why. "I... I don't know Mihoshi." 
Mihoshi rolled over and
looked at Kyonei, "Is it because I embarrass you?" Kyonei shook her head, 
"No, I don't think
so. That's part of it I think, but..." She shook her head. She knew that 
Mihoshi was one of the
top officers in the GP. Since Kyonei had become her partner they had never 
missed a single
criminal. "But what Kyonei?" Kyonei sighed, "I think it's because you don't 
really seem to have
any problems. Your always happy, you cost through lie,

Clayton: Coast through life
Others: oh

and don't even seem to mind not getting
promoted." Mihoshi looked at her for a second. "Kyonei... what do you know 
about the planet
I came from?" Kyonei shook her head, "Nothing, why?" Mihoshi smiled, "On my 
world we live
in peace and solitude. Machines do everything for us and we just have to 
make sure we get
enough exercise."
  Kyonei looked at her in shock, "Why would you ever leave a place like that 
Mihoshi? That's
the kind of place that most people only dream of living."

Darsch: I think I'll conquer it

Mihoshi smiled, "Because it wasn't life.

Gara: Ah, the moral rears it's ugly head

We didn't do anything. If someone had a job it was for kicks, and it was a 
desk job in front of a
computer. I left to join the GP so I could live. But some things die hard 
and my habits are one of
them." Sitting up on the bed she looked at Kyonei, "I did a study of you 
when I was at the
academy. You lived on a mining world until you saved up enough money to hop 
a ship off world.
After that you worked in several places until you went to the academy and 
worked your way up
to first class detective. You caught hundreds of criminals and when I 
graduated I immediately
asked to be assigned as your partner."
  Kyonei let what Mihoshi said sink in. She had given up paradise for a life 
exactly like the one
they now lead.

Clayton: (Sighs) I can't believe I didn't think to use a grammar check on 
this damn thing

And had specifically chosen Kyonei as her partner. "Why me?"

All: (Evil laughter)
Darsch: You're getting good at that Yoko

  Mihoshi looked directly into Kyonei's eyes and answered, "Because you are 
the best Kyonei.
You seemed to me to be the most perfect person I had ever heard of. At the 
time I didn't know
that you were trying for a desk job. I thought you liked what you did. I 
never wanted anything
else. That's why I turned down my promotions... Can I ask you something 
Kyonei?"

Yoko: No

Kyonei
nodded at her, "Sure Mihoshi, what?" Mihoshi took a breath, "Is this such a 
bad life? With our
friends, dealing with a few average criminals and fighting the occasional 
super villains?"

Aisha: Hey I could get Gene and we'd take care of the criminals if you pay 
us enough

Kyonei
thought about it. Her life had been one challenge after another. But now 
that she thought about
it, what was so bad? She had a job, a home, family, and people who care 
about her. What
more did she want?

Gara: (As Kiyone) I want ice cream!
Clayton: (Raises an eyebrow) How hard did Yoko kick you?

  Kyonei looked at Mihoshi and shook her head, "I don't know Mihoshi. Maybe 
it's just that
I've always had to work so hard. For something more.

Gluko: (As Mr. Burns) I'd trade it all for a little more

When I finally got it I suppose I just
didn't know when it was over." Mihoshi smiled and nodded. Kyonei let a smirk 
sneak onto
her lips, "You are so lucky Mihoshi. You lived your entire life in a 
paradise. I know it wasn't
perfect, but it was better than anything I ever had. You could quit at any 
time and go back. Plus
your are rich, successful, sexy, and..."

Gara and Darsch: (Grin)

Kyonei bit her lip. Had she actually told Mihoshi that she
thought she was sexy?

Aisha: Plot point

What had she been thinking?

Yoko: Three guesses

  Mihoshi smiled, "Kyonei, please... don't worry. I will never go anywhere 
without you. I can't
picture my life without you. And I'm sorry I embarrass you. It's just where 
I'm from we don't
have secrets.

Clayton: Well except that they're the ones who blew up Melmak and Krypton
Aisha: Melmak?
Clayton: It's where ALF was from

If we want something we got it, if we found someone attractive, whether they
were male or female, we went up to them." Mihoshi looked straight at Kyonei 
as she said the
last. Kyonei almost thought she could feel Mihoshi's eyes penetrating her 
skull.

Darsch: Ah, the eggs are hatching

  Kyonei bit her lip, trying to focus, "Mihoshi I... I don't know what to 
say." Mihoshi got up and
walked over to Kyonei's side. "Kyonei, I'm sorry. Please... I don't want to 
embarrass you any
more. I've never known anyone else who's had that feeling. I feel so bad 
when you do. If you
want, I am willing to forget this entire conversation and let things get 
back to normal."
  Kyonei looked at Mihoshi, really looked at her since the first time she 
had been saddled

Gara: Kinky

with
her as a partner. At the time she had seen her as the rookie who was 
dragging her down. But
now she saw something else, "What... what if I don't? What if I don't want 
to forget about this
Mihoshi?" Mihoshi smiled and looked up at her, "Then nothing between us will 
be the same
Kyonei."

Gluko: She's so smart!

She reaches up and gently brushed a strand of hair from in front of Kyonei's 
eyes. In
that brief moment of contact Kyonei felt a shiver go down her back, and she 
knew. She knew
what her choice was.

Aisha: Get out of my face you blond twit!
Darsch: Twat
Yoko: Don't be crude Lusche

Looking directly into Mihoshi's eyes she said, "I don't want to go back."
  Mihoshi smiled and moved forward. Both girls closed their eyes and closed 
the rest of the
distance between them with a kiss. When they broke apart they both smiled a 
little nervously.
Kyonei reached out and rubbed Mihoshi's cheek, "I'm sorry for everything 
Mihoshi. I promise
not to get so mad anymore." Mihoshi nodded and smiled back at her, "And I 
promise to try to
be a little more discrete, especially about this ok?" Kyonei nodded, 
"Thanks. But don't do it for
too long. I don't think this is something I want to be embarrassed about." 
Kyonei leaned forward
and kissed her on the cheek. Mihoshi blushed and nodded.

  Ayeaka wasn't sure what, but something was wrong.

Clayton: Lost your medication again?

It was dinnertime and as usual they were
listening to one of Noboyuki's stories about the latest house he was 
designing. Maybe it was that
she still wasn't used to Washu's adult form.

Gara; I could get very used to it

She glanced at Ryoko who was eating quietly
listening to Noboyuki's story. Since she had merged with Zero, Ryoko hadn't 
actually tried to
seduce Tenchi. She still had no qualms about fighting with Ayeaka, but she 
seemed to have
developed a sense of propriety. Occasionally though she would still try to 
sneak him a kiss or
some other inappropriate thing.

Yoko: At least she doesn't try to cop a feel
Darsch: (Grins)

She would look at the gem in her wrist and then back to Washu.
  Ayeaka's eyes wandered over to Yosho. Her brother seemed the same as 
always.

All: Chicken shit

Moving on
she saw Sasami, also listening to Nobiyuki.
Washu was sitting in her usual place. She seemed lost in thought as always, 
but didn't seem to
be doing much else different. Her adult form was still a bit disconcerting.
  Next Ayeaka looked at Kyonei and Mihoshi. They seemed totally focused on 
their food, but
now and then she would see them look at each other and smile. She had never 
seen such a calm
look on Kyonei's face when Mihoshi was around. Mihoshi though, aside from 
her smiles to
Kyonei, looked about the same as always. Totally care free.

Clayton: (Chewing gum)
Aisha: I hope you brought enough for everyone
Clayton: (Passes out a bag of gum) Aisha did you ever blow bubbles when you 
were a kids?
Aisha: Yeah, but it got stuck in my fur
Clayton: Well he's back in town and he wants your phone number (Takes his 
punch in the stomach like a man)

  Ryo-oki sat by Sasami, munching her usual plate full of carrots. Sasami 
enjoyed finding new
ways to cook her friend's favorite food, this time seeming to have made 
carrot sticks and juice.

All: Slacker!

Finally Ayeaka's eyes settled on Tenchi, sitting in his usual place between 
her and Ryoko. Why
he put up with Ryoko being so close to him she'd never know.

All: (laugh)
Others: (Stop and look at Gara as he goes "Teehee.")

She remembered how Ryoko
had tried to make her believe that she had known Tenchi since he was a boy. 
Coming up with
that story of astral projection from the cave. She had laughed at the 
thought of a child, especially
one as sweet as Tenchi must have been, not screaming at the sight of Ryoko.

Darsch: Screams, moans, gasps, grunts...

  Silently she turned back to her meal and ate while Nobiyuki droned on. 
Despite her inherent
displeasure that her sister was doing such menial things as cooking, she had 
to admit that she
was very good at it. Tonight she had made fried squid and some noodles in a 
special sauce that
she refused to tell them the recipe to.

Clayton: Ryoko made it
All: Uh oh...

  Ayeaka looked around at everyone again and sighed. Maybe she was just 
getting paranoid.

Aisha: Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't out to get you
Gluko: And just because they're out to get you doesn't mean you aren't 
paranoid

  The next day started off as normal. Ayeaka woke up and joined the others 
for breakfast.
Washu was there as well. She was talking to Sasami, "You know, Sasami, my 
other body didn't
have taste buds. I had no idea your food was this good. I hadn't tasted 
anything in thousands of
years.

Yoko: Bad experience with a lima bean

And your cooking is the best way to get back into the swing of it."

Darsh: (As Austin Powers) Yeah baby

Sasami bowed and
thanked Washu for her compliments. Then Sasami turned to Ayeaka, "It's your 
turn to clean the
porch today Ayeaka. Mihoshi, you get the bathroom. Kyonei, you clean up the 
living room and
Washu you get the kitchen. I'll clean the rooms. Ryoko, today's the day you 
clean out the rain
gutters. No laser beams this time. And Ryo-oki, you do the dishes."
  Nobiyuki left for work while Yosho and Tenchi went to the shrine. As they 
all spread out to
do their chores Ayeaka still didn't know what was bothering her. She took 
the brush and got
to work on the porch she saw Ryoko working on the gutters. She had split 
into two and was
getting the gunk from either side. As she reached the middle they 
accidentally dropped a glob of
slime onto the porch.

Gluko: Cheater

Ayeaka yelled at her, "Hey! Watch what you are doing Ryoko!" Ryoko
looked down, "Oh I'm sorry Ayeaka, I'll get it." She melded together with 
herself and flew
down to scoop it up. Ayeaka was stunned. Ryoko had not only cleaned up her 
own mess, but
had apologized... to her!
  Now Ayeaka was sure something was up, "Ok, what's going on here? Kyonei 
and Mihoshi
not yelling at each other, you apologizing to me, and I know Sasami isn't 
telling me something.
Now just what is it?

All: Happy birthday!

Did you do something to Tenchi that I'm unaware of?

Clayton: Probably

Because if you did
I swear I'll..."

Gara: Break down crying

Ryoko shook her head and smiled, "Why would I do anything to Tenchi?

Darsch: You've been horny for two thousand years

Ayeaka
I think you are getting paranoid." Ayeaka growled, "Paranoid. You accuse me 
of being
paranoid? Ha." Ryoko shrugged and floated off.
  By lunchtime Ayeaka had calmed down. Everything seemed normal. Sasami was 
smiling
playfully and she looked at Mihoshi and Kyonei. "Hey you guys, I was 
wondering. Why were
your bed's pushed together?

All: You don't need to know!

Was it cold up there or something?"

Aisha: Yeah, that's why

Tenchi looked at Kyonei and
Mihoshi unaware of Kyonei's slight blush, "If you two are cold I could get 
you a heater."
Mihoshi shook her head, "No thanks Tenchi, it's not cold up there. We just 
thought it might give
us some more room if we pushed the beds together." Tenchi shrugged and went 
back to his
meal saying, "Well if you two need anything don't hesitate to ask." Kyonei 
smiled at Mihoshi
who winked back. Sasami barely kept from giggling. Tsunami had told her what 
was going on
in exchange for not telling about what Ryoko had said on the dock.
  As they left the table from lunch Ryoko hugged Tenchi. Ayeaka saw it and 
almost immediately
yelled, "Get off of him you demon. Stop pawing lord Tenchi."

Darsch: That isn't pawing. This is (Paws Yoko)
Yoko: (Moans for a second) Please stop... (Makes a fist)
Darsch: (Grins but sits back)

Ryoko looked her square in the
eye and prepared a rebuttal... but stopped. She bit her lip and shook her 
head. "Ok Ayeaka,
whatever." Then she got up and floated away. Everyone stared in shock. 
Usually Ryoko never
missed the chance to fight with Ayeaka and claim Tenchi. Ayeaka was so 
surprised in fact that
she almost missed the satisfied smile on Tenchi's face. Almost.

Gluko: That was fast

  That afternoon Ayeaka sat watching her soap opera's, but wasn't paying 
that much attention.
She kept glancing at Ryoko who, as usual, was on the other end pf the couch. 
Ryoko felt
Ayeaka's eyes on her and glanced over, "Is there something wrong Princess?" 
She said it as a
normal word, not a term of respect that her courtiers used, not in that 
sarcastic tone she always
used, just a word. Ayeaka bit her tongue. It was now or never, "Miss Ryoko, 
I want to know
right now what's going on. You haven't fought with me in two days and have 
been increasingly
nice to me. It isn't right!

Yoko: (As Aeka) They'll cancel our show!

Now tell me what's going on." Ryoko looked at her closely for a
minute, not sure how much would be safe to say. Finally she just shrugged, 
"We have nothing to
fight about. Can you think of a reason why I should?" Ayeaka shook her head. 
She knew
exactly what Ryoko was saying. A part of her refused to admit it, but that 
part was quickly over
taken by a wave of emotions.

Gara: Surf's up!

She was afraid, sad, jealous, and angry all at the same time.
Then for some reason, it didn't matter any more. The fight was over... 
Smiling she turned to
Ryoko and said, "You're right Ryoko. There is no reason."

  Yosho and Tenchi arrived home from the shrine just before sunset. When he 
walked through
the door Tenchi was greeted by Ryoko. She smiled at him and said, "She knows 
Tenchi." Then
Ryoko turned to look out at the porch. Ayeaka sat on the porch staring at 
the sunset, oblivious
to the world.

Clayton: She went blind staring at the sun

Tenchi saw her and turned to Ryoko, "I have to go talk to her." Ryoko nodded
and smiled, "I know Tenchi. But don't worry. We never gave her enough 
credit."

Gluko: How else do you keep a Jurai princess from charging?

He nodded
and walked to the door.
  Ayeaka heard the door slide open and close behind her, but didn't take her 
eyes off of the
horizon. Tenchi sat next to her. After a few minutes had passed her said, "I 
wish there was some
thing I could say to you Ayeaka. I'm sorry that..." She looked at him and 
shook her head, "No
Tenchi. You aren't sorry. And I don't want you to be. I'm happy you chose 
Ryoko. I kind of saw
it coming for a while, I just wouldn't admit it." She smiled at him and 
Tenchi smiled back. "So what tipped you off?" Ayeaka laughed, "Are you 
kidding? When Ryoko refused to fight with
me and apologized to me all in one day? I knew she'd either been kidnapped 
and replaced
again,
or you had chosen. But I think I owe you an apology Tenchi."

Darsch: (As the Backstreet boys) Listen baby I'm sorry, just wanna tell you 
don't worry, I will be late don't stay up and wait for me...
Yoko: Everyone is apologizing

Tenchi shook his head,

Gara: Whiplash!

"For what?" Ayeaka smiled, "For making this decision so hard for you. For 
latching on to you
when my brother turned me down."
Tenchi nodded, "Well that wasn't entirely your fault.
Grandpa did kind of push you off on me and it's not exactly like he's young 
anymore." Ayeaka
nodded, "Yeah. When I found out you were his grandson I knew Yosho had 
fallen in love.
Whether he was old or young, he wasn't for me. You know what I'm thinking?" 
Tenchi shook his head. "I'm thinking I need to date someone outside the 
family. We may have
the technology

Aisha: We have the technology...

to remove birth defects in babies, but I don't want my children growing up 
like
Serio do I?" They both laughed at the thought. Tenchi felt he still had to 
say something, "Ayeaka
I do care about you. You are a part of this family and I don't want you to 
ever leave." She
nodded and looked back at the sunset, "I know Tenchi. And in a way I'm glad. 
Ryoko and I
talked earlier. She's a surprisingly nice person when she wants to be. I can 
see why you love her
Tenchi. You are both very lucky and I can only hope that one day I will be 
as blessed."

All: (Fall asleep)

Tenchi
held her hand and squeezed it, "I'm sure you will be Ayeaka. But for now do 
you think you can
settle for family?" Ayeaka looked at him, a tear falling down her cheek. 
"Yes Tenchi, I think I
can. Now let's go inside. Sasami made us a lovely dinner." They both stood 
up and entered the
house. Ryoko hugged both of them, then they sat down for dinner.

  The End

All: (Wake up)
Clayton: I did it!
Darsch: Not bad (Turns into his Majin form and the Bastard!! People 
disappear)
Aisha: Really class A fic
Clayton: Thanks. See you next time Aisha. (Lays back and goes back to sleep)
Aisha: (Steals the remaining snacks and leaves)

Author's note

  So what do you think? I was laying in bed a few days ago and the first 
part of the story hit me.
I almost broke into tears myself when I thought up the part Ryoko told 
Tenchi about. I think my
muse was working over time on this one. I just felt that this would be the 
perfect fan fic. No real
action, no fights between Ayeaka and Ryoko to speak of, and a lot of 
metaphysical stuff that I
really have no idea about (I make no claims to know what godhood is like), 
but it just seemed
somehow... right. It uses all my usual aspects, including the Mihoshi-Kyonei 
relationship. If you
wish to tell any comments you may have about it, don't hesitate to email me 
at:
clayton_n@hotmail.com


