Hey everybody! Ok this is our 1st Mst, but we're planning on doing more 
as well as writing fan fics. Oh yeah, there is actually two real people 
here! So we thought a little background info on us before we start.
Kenneth: Escaped mental patient, well not really but he's crazy. Loves 
Ayeka, literally! Wants to kill Ryoko, and become #1 on the RFFC hit 
list, for some reason. (all RFFC members may send complaints to 
Ken008@aol.com)
Alex: .moving on.No really he's a great guy,  kinda shy 'round girls 
but a great guy who is smart and funny. He loves Kiyone.
"A": Our technician, runs the fics, makes sure we don't leave in the 
middle of the fic.you know.

Alex and Kenneth enter a theater and take their seats as "A" sets up in 
the control booth.
"A": Ok guys here comes the fic
Alex and Ken bored: Yay
Alex: Hey? Didn't we have a surprise guest?
Ken: ..Shut up! Just let's do the fic!
"A": KEN! You knew Kain was coming over!
Ken: Aw crap.
The theater doors slam open and everyone's favorite human-supernova 
comes floating in and envelops the chair next to Alex
Alex: Ken? Why does he have to sit next to me?
Ken: uh.Fan fic now, questions later

SOMETHING KAWAII THIS WAY COMES - (PROLOGUE)


Ken: PROLOGUE? "A"! FASTFORWARD!!

Operative A sighed

Kain: Didn't I kill him?

as he watched the events unfolding on the planet Earth. 

Ken: HELP ME! I'm unfolding!

He had been dead for twenty nine years now. 

Kain: Oh, I did kill him

Ever since he had made the foolish mistake of trying to fight Kain by
himself.

Alex: Damn straight!
Ken: Your Damn Skippy! 

"Your time has finally come."

Ken, darth vader voice: Don't make me destroy you, Luke.
Alex as Luke: NOOO I'll never join you!

 An angel told him. "Soon, you will be back on Earth

Ken as operative A: Aw damn! I don't want to go back there!

. However, because you have demonstrated that you
cannot handle a humanoid life, you shall return as a lesser
lifeform."

Alex As "A": Hi everybody!
Ken and Kain: "A"! been reincarnated?
"A": SHUT UP DOWN THERE!
All: Sorry "A"

"What do you mean a lesser lifeform?"

Ken: Something like "A"!
"A": DON'T MAKE ME COME DOWN THERE!!
Ken: Sorry "A"

 The late Operative A wanted to know.

Ken: what it was like to have sex with an angel!
Alex: KEN! 

"You'll see." 

Ken as Operative A: So how much? I'll pay $150
Alex: Oh my! There are hookers in heaven!

The angel smiled as she touched his forehead with
her finger.

Ken: hubba hubba
Alex: Why me?
Kain: That's it, I'm going to find a galaxy to envelop, this was NOT in 
my parole!

Operative A's soul vanished from the heavens.

Ken: .and straight to hell!

***
Ryo-ohki paced around the egg, nosing it every so often. 

Ken as  Ryo-ohki: Smells like fish!

"Miya?" She inquired as it finally started to move.

Ken as a scientist: miya, the cabbits only form of verbal 
communication.
Alex:  and it has 1 million meanings, most of them involving carrots.
Kain: hey carrots.I'm hungry, wheres the nearest uninhabited galaxy?

The egg finally broke open.

Ken: Poor humpty dumpty!

 From within, a chestnut and white cabbit, about half the size of Ryo-
ohki, emerged. 

Ken: How'd that chestnut get in there?
Alex: Good god it's a mutant! Half cabbit, half chestnut.
Ken: wonder if it'll change forms with water like Ramna?

However, part of the egg got stuck around the little cabbit's head.

Ken: instantly killing it!

Ryo-ohki grabbed the egg with her forepaws and pulled it off the
little cabbit.

Ken: Just in time to save the cabbit from sure death.

 Then she began to lickgroom the tiny cabbit.

Ken: WHAT THE HELL IS LICKGROOM?

The tiny cabbit's eyes finally opened.

Alex: AHHHH I'm blind!!

"Miya?" He asked.

Ken: yes miya.though I prefer pika!

SOMETHING KAWAII THIS WAY COMES (PART 1)
-----------------------------------------

Alex: You mean that was still the prologue?
Ken: aw crap


Miya?

Ken: who said that?
Alex holds up Ryo-Ohki.
Ken: oh shut up.

The little cabbit blinked uncertainly. Something was definitely
amiss here. 

Ken: You're a Cabbit you schmuck!!

He tried to hop off to find a mirror. No such luck,
however. Ryo-ohki had him pinned down and was giving him a bath.

Ken shudders: bad images.
Alex: and isn't she his mother?
Kain: shut up guys

He put his chin on his paws and ...paws?

Alex: I guess that would come with being a cabbit

//Oh no!// he thought as realization dawned on him. //I can't
be...//

Kain: But you are.hey! He's bitesize! I'm going to go kill him again!
Ken and Alex: See ya!
"A": SIT DOWN!
Alex: "A" you know who your talking to right?
Ken: I bet "A" could whoop Kain
Kain: WHAT?
Ken: Nevermind.

Ryo-ohki was lickgrooming 

Ken: WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?!??

herself now, so he was able to slip away.
He hopped toward the mirror, having a bit of difficulty since he
was, after all, only a baby cabbit.

Ken: craving baby carrots

He looked in the mirror.

//NO!!!// he thought.

All: YES!!!
Ken as Darth Vader: Thats right, I am your father!
Alex: I hope not Ken
Ken: whys that?
Alex: think Ken
Ken: well.I'd have to be a cabbit and.do it with.OH GOD!!
Alex: Right

All that came out was, of course, "Miya!!!"

Alex: Like I said, a million meanings!

Ryo-ohki hopped up behind him. She gripped him by the scruff of
his neck and carried him back over to their little bed.

Ken: Oh god! They aren't going to.
Alex: again I thought she was his mother!
Kain: does the term incest disgust anyone else here?
All, even "A": YES!!

Ryo-ohki placed her baby on their bed, 

Ken: Oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god

then snuggled up next to him and draped her ear over him like a 
blanket.

All: whew.

The little cabbit sighed inwardly, and drifted off to sleep.

SOMETHING KAWAII THIS WAY COMES (PART 2)
-----------------------------------------

Ken: HOW MANY PARTS ARE THERE?!?!?

"Oh, he's so cute!"

Alex: that too, is a part of being a cabbit

 Sasami gushed as she saw the baby cabbit for
the first time.

Ken: Gushed? Eewww

The baby cabbit opened his eyes and looked up at Sasami.
//Tell them I'm alive.// he wanted to tell her.  //Tell the
Galaxy Police I'm here!//

Ken: Bad idea, the local GP consists of the dumbest person that ever 
existed.

But all he could actually say was: "Miya! Miya miya miya!!"

Alex: again that's part of being a cabbit!

Which, needless to say, fell just a tad short of the mark.
It also was entirely misunderstood as cries of hunger from
Ryo-ohki who nudged a carrot at him.

Ken: SMACK! OW! MOM! You hit me with a carrot

Mihoshi

Ken: aw damn
Alex: well this Fic just went to hell
Kain: Can I kill her?
Alex and Ken: PLEASE!!

walked in and spotted him as he was examining the carrot.

//Oh no....// he groaned inwardly. He moved quickly, but
clumsily, putting Ryo-ohki between himself and Mihoshi.

"He's adorable." Mihoshi sulked. "But why is he afraid of me?"

Ken: maybe he's got a brain dimwit? It's not like you've ever done 
anything helpful!
Alex: Actually.
Ken:  shut up

"Maybe he's got a brain?" 

Ken: didn't I just say that?

 Ryoko

Ken: Suddenly died and there much rejoicing 

pondered from where she'd been sitting for the last several minutes. 
She reached down and picked up the tiny cabbit.


Ken: Wheres Ayeka in all this? I want Ayeka I want Ayeka I want Ayeka!
Alex: we all know Ken.
Kain: Ayeka? I smell the blood of Jurai.
Alex: Oh give it a rest!

"Miya?" The cabbit asked her.

Ryoko kissed the cabbit on the tip of his nose. "Oh, you poor
thing. Washu hasn't even given you a name, has she?"

"Miya." The cabbit replied. 

"Well, let me think." She looked him over. "Well, you kinda
remind me of this guy I met in 1970. Probably just the color of
your fur. But just in case you are him come back to life. I'm
gonna give you a name that I know would really annoy him."

"Miya?" The cabbit asked.

Ryoko grinned wickedly.

"Hello, Fluffy." She told him.

Ken: fluffy? My god that's lame! I bet kain could come up with a better 
name than that!
Kain: yeah, like sunshine
Alex: Kain, I never knew you had a sensitive side
Kain: yeah, when you're a living supernova enveloping planents, most 
people really don't get to know you.

SOMETHING KAWAII THIS WAY COMES (PART 3)

Ken: NO! NOT ANOTHER PART!

The household were all watching TV.

Ken: grammer check!
Alex: and how can a house watch TV?

Ryo-ohki was keeping an eye on her baby while they sat together
on the sofa. Every now and then, Fluffy would get too close to
the edge of the sofa. Ryo-ohki would then grab the scruff of his
neck and pull him back to safety.

Ken as fluffy: ACK ACK, CHOKING ME!

"Are we going to keep him here?" Sasami asked hopefully. "When
he's grown up, I mean?"

"No, he'll have to live somewhere else." Washu replied. "We don't
have enough carrots for two cabbits."

Kain: I don't belive there is a galaxy with enough carrots for two 
cabbits

"So, have you picked out someone to take care of him?" Ryoko
asked.

Alex as Washu: I asked Kain he said sure
Kain: Yesss, I will take 'good' care of Operative A.I mean fluffy

Washu smiled and went back to watching television.

The doorbell rang.

Fluffy looked up at Washu.

Alex as fluffy: What do you want bitch!?!

"Yes, dear." Washu told him. "I believe that is the person who's
going to look after you."

Fluffy scrambled down off the couch and hopped to the door.

Alex: to see kain
Kain: YES!
Ken as fluffy: NOOOOO!

Washu opened the door.

"Mihoshi,"

All: NOOOO!
Alex: no one deserves that

she said, scooping up the small cabbit before he could
run off, "here you go. I want to thank you and Kiyone 

Alex: Kiyone.drool drool..

for looking after this little guy."

"Oh, you're so adorable. Yes you are." Mihoshi told Fluffy as she
tickled his nose.

Ken:  AH-CHOO!

//This is *not* happening to me!// Fluffy thought as Mihoshi
carried him home.

SOMETHING KAWAII THIS WAY COMES (PART 4)
----------------------------------------

Ken: DAMN IT HOW MANY PARTS ARE THERE!!

Kiyone looked up as Mihoshi walked in from out of the rain.

Alex as Kiyone: Damn she's still alive!

 She was carrying a thoroughly soaked cabbit in her arms.

"Mihoshi!" She wailed. "We can barely keep ourselves clothed and
fed and you bring home a pet."

"Washu asked me to take care of him. He needs a home." She
looked up at Kiyone with her big blue eyes. There were tears
brimming in those eyes. It was clear that she'd become attached
to the little animal. If Kiyone took him away or made Mihoshi
give him back...

Ken: oh just throw them both out!

"Okay." She gave in, reluctantly.

"Yay!" Mihoshi cheered, jumping around in a circle while hugging
the little cabbit. "You hear that? You can stay. Now, let's get
you dried off." She put the little cabbit down and walked out of
the room.

Fluffy shooks the water from his fur."Miya."

//This is a nightmare.// 

Ken: your right

The little cabbit thought. //It has tobe. I'm still in 1970. Kain 
didn't kill me. 

Kain: Yes I did!

And I'm most
definitely *not* a cabbit.//

Alex: yes, you are

Of course that was mere wishful thinking. He wasn't in 1970. Kain
*had* killed him,

Kain: Damn straght!

 rather gruesomely. 

Kain: Yup!

And he most definitely *was* a cabbit.

Alex: just figure that out?

At the moment he was a very wet cabbit. 

Ken: heh heh heh
Alex: Ken, no

He sat there on the floor with his fur dripping.

Mihoshi returned with a towel. She wrapped it around the little
cabbit and carefully dried him off.

//Maybe Mihoshi's not so bad after all.// 

Ken: Dream on!
Alex: have you lost your mind?
Kain: what galaxy did this dope come from?

he thought.  //At least she's compassionate.//

Mihoshi kissed Fluffy on the nose. "There you are." She said.
"All better."

Ken as fluffy: I'm still stuck with you bitch!

"At least you didn't bring a puppy or a kitten home." Kiyone
remarked as they ate dinner. "A cabbit will be less expensive."

"Because they only eat carrots, right?"

"No." Kiyone replied. "Well, yes, that, too. But I was just
thinking, since there are only three cabbits and we know where
the only female is..." She sipped her tea.

Ken: not to mention that's his mother!

"Huh?" Mihoshi asked.

"Well, we won't have trouble keeping them apart when we have to.
In other words, we don't have to get him fixed."

Ken as fluffy: OH THANK GOD!

Kiyone could've sworn she heard the little cabbit breathe a sigh
of relief.

Fluffy hopped over to Kiyone and pawed her ankle.

Alex: Back off she's mine you little bastard!!
Ken and Kain: Alex, calm down

When she looked down, he looked back up at her and miya'ed plaintively.

"Hungry?" Kiyone asked.

"Miya!"

"Mihoshi..." Kiyone requested.

Mihoshi went to the kitchen. 

Ken: And died!
Alex and Kain: YES!

She reached in to grab the carrots. The edge of the bag was caught on 
the back of the shelf. She pulled, expecting the bag to simply tear 
away. Instead it pulled
the entire shelf out.

Ken: Landing on her head killing her!
Alex and Kain: YES!
"A":  Ok Ken! That's enough!

Everything that been on that shelf, leftover soup and eggs included, 
crashed to the kitchen floor in a huge mess.

Alex: Now that's a brawney mess

Mihoshi took one look at it and began to cry.

Fluffy and Kiyone hurried into the kitchen.

"MIHOSHI!" Kiyone screamed. They'd worked hard for that food and
now that idiot 

Ken: isn't idiot a understantment?
Kain: hell yeah!

had ruined it all.

"I'm sorry, Kiyone!" Mihoshi sobbed. "I can't do anything
right!"

All: DAMN STRAIGHT

//If I don't do something, she'll be wailing all night and I'll
never get any sleep.// Fluffy thought.

The little cabbit hopped over to Mihoshi, and began nuzzling her
leg, comfortingly.

//I can't believe I'm doing this.// He thought to himself.

SOMETHING KAWAII THIS WAY COMES (PART 5)
--------------------------------

Ken: NOT ANOTHER.
Alex: Ken, skip it

"I'm sorry, Mihoshi." Kiyone apologized. "I was just upset
because I was planning to make a special dinner tonight and some
of the stuff I needed for it was on that shelf."

"We could go buy more."

"Not until our next paycheck." Kiyone explained. "We can have
something else tonight and have the special dinner another time,
though."

"Okay." Mihoshi replied. "I'm sorry I ruined your dinner."

Fluffy miya'ed at the mention of the word dinner.

"I'm sorry." Mihoshi told him, handing him a carrot. "There you
go. I almost forgot to feed you."

"Mihoshi, why don't you let him outside so you don't trip over
him while we clean up the kitchen?"

"Come on, Fluffy." Mihoshi told him, as she opened the door.

It had stopped raining so the little cabbit hopped out the door.

Fluffy hopped down the street. He wanted desperately to find a
radio station. He wanted to let the Galaxy Police know where he
was. 

Alex: Well, you see, they DO know where you are

However, all his attempts at asking directions, were misread
by passers-by as adorable attempts to beg for treats or
attention.

He even tried to demonstrate his police-affiliation by leaning on
a police officer's leg and miya'ing up at her.

Ken as the officer: whats that? Theres a 217 in progress?

The cop picked up the unique (from the cop's point of view)
animal and scritched him under the skin.

Ken as fluffy: OW! OW! My vital orgins! Get your finger out form under 
my skin!

"Are you lost, little fellow?" She asked. "You poor dear.
Here, let me give you some food."

After getting food, Fluffy hopped off.

***

"There," Kiyone smiled in satisfaction at the kitchen. "all done.
You go get Fluffy and I'll make dinner."

"Okay." Mihoshi went out to find Fluffy.

With the mess out of the way, Kiyone began preparing a meal for
herself and Mihoshi.

***

Fluffy hopped as fast as he could, trying to get away from the
two men with the nets who were chasing him.

"Miya! Miya!" he complained.

Ken: Transalation, WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?

He didn't know if they were from a lab or the pound. Since both of 
these possibilities were equally bad, he didn't stop to find out.

"We've got him." One of the men told the other. "He's not going
to hop over a 24 foot gorge."

Alex: that's what you think

As he hopped toward the gorge, Fluffy tried to work out an
escape plan. To dart either way  would only buy him a few more
seconds of freedom. It seemed entirely futile.

Ken: We are the borg, resistance is futile

Then he remembered he was a cabbit.

The men reached out with their nets.

Kain: Yes! He's going to die again

The two men watched as a startling transformation took place. The
tiny ... bunny? ... kitty?... it was cute whatever it was...
turned into a very large and foreboding space ship.

The spaceship rose up and flew off.

Ken: wow, such detail

They couldn't be sure, but the two men could've sworn it was
laughing at them.

***

//Hmmm.// Fluffy thought to himself. //This gives me an idea.//
Flying up into space, he flew directly toward Galaxy Police HQ.

[[Pirate vessel.]] A Galaxy Police Operative Second Class
challenged him as he arrived. [[You are violating Police Space.
Please withdraw your vehicle from this area.]]

{{I am not a pirate vessel.}} He transmitted from his own ship's
computer to the GP ship's computer. {{I am Operative A.}}

Fluffy could have sworn that the other Operative was holding back
tears when he spoke again.

[[You are not Operative A.]]

Ken: You're a cabbit bitch! 

 He accused. [[How dare you attempt to pretend to be him. I won't 
permit you to sully his name with your slanderous lies!]]

Ken: sully his name?
Alex: I don't know.
Kain: I think It mean to dishonor it or something 

//Sully?// Fluffy wondered. //Does anyone even use that word
anymore besides this guy?//

All: NO

"Miya!" the cabbit ship protested as the SCO openned fire on him.
He considered returning fire, but to do that would be to prove he
was indeed a criminal. Instead, he fled back to Earth.

***

"Fluffy!!!" Mihoshi called, slumping down to the steps of her
apartment. She put her face in her hands. "Why did he run away?

All: he didn't like you

He's all alone in that big world. I don't... I ..."

"Miya?" Fluffy asked as he hopped up the path to her.

"Fluffy!!" Mihoshi cried out. She put out her arms and the
little cabbit hopped right into them. "Good boy!" She laughed as
she petted and hugged him.

"Miya." Fluffy replied.

Mihoshi stood up and carried him back inside.

(The End...?)


Ken: Yes it over!!
Alex: Happy days are here again!
Kain it's been great but I'm going to go eat some planets
Ken see ya
Alex: bye
Kain floats off and alex and ken walk out of the theather.
Ken: hey Alex, want to shoot some skeet?
Alex: ok
Ken and Alex both pick up a gun and walk out to a field
Ken: ok, PULL
A figure like Ryoko is thrown into the air and Ken shoots it down as 
Alex looks on.
Alex: Ken, you are very disturbed.
