>Hey! It's us again doing another MST, No offence is ment to the auther, we 
picked the story cause we like it so much, we…just want to make it funny I 
guess… Ok Legal stuff. The characters in the story are propert of…those guys 
in japan that made 'em. The original fic is property of the auther. We are 
property of ourselves. 

>Alex: "Hey so who is our guest today?"
>"A": "Think kawaii guys" 
>Ken: "Hey! Sasami! Where is she?"
>"A": "already in the theater waiting, come on guys time to work."
>Alex puts his book away and asks "A": "So is it a good fic today?"
>"A": "You wish…"
>Ken: "Oh great, come on."
>Alex and Ken enter and see Sasami already seated. Ken takes the seat next to 
her and Alex on the other side of Ken.
>Sasami: "Hey guys! It's about to start!"

Hello My name is William crafts.
>Ken: "Hey Will, but shouldn't your last name be capitalized?"
 If any one is reading this,
>All: "We are."
and I hope someone does eventually, I would like you to know
this is my first fan fiction. If you have any comments, good
or bad, or if you would like to talk to another Tenchi fan I
can be reached at utini@banet.net.
>Alex writing down notes: "ut..ini..@ban…et.net"

   Disclaimer: All Tenchi character are owned by pioneer and
AIC entertainment groups, However tengato and sukato belong
to me so there mister big shot corporation.
>Alex: "Dear god! They've fused Tenchi and Kagato together to form one 
person!!!"
>Sasami: "Ayeka and Ryoko won't be happy about that."

                  And so I present to you
                   Tenchi's lost love
>Ken as tenchi: "Damn! I lost my love! Where'd I go and leave it!?"

A story about the time the girls lost intrest in Tenchi.
This is supposed to take place in between ova 13 and manatsu
no eve.
   Enter Tenchi 
>Ken: "No thanks!!"
>Alex: "Bad wording bad wording…"
and nobyuki on the only bus that comes 
>Ken "A bus that…'
>Alex: "Hey! Ahem… young ones here!"
>Sasami: "What?!?"
to the bus stop near tenchi's home. Nobyuki is in his normal
work clothes carrying his briefcase and Tenchi is dressed in
his black school outfit also carrying a briefcase. 
>Ken: "Why  not just a backpack?"
"So Tenchi are you dreading going back to school?," asks
nobyuki.
   "Actually I'm kind of looking forward to getting away
from the chaos, even if it's just for a few hours a day. It
will also be nice to get out and meet some nice non, insane
earth girls. 
>Sasami: "Hey! I'm sane and single!"
>Alex looks at Sasami: "And you're 9!"
>Sasami: "Details."
Well dad this is my stop, 
>Ken as tenchi: "I'll be getten off this fic now."
I'll see you back at home later." 
Tenchi gets off the bus and walks up to the
steps of his school building. It is a very large building
with many many classrooms. All around him students rush
towards their classes dreading the long days ahead of them.
Not tenchi though, he stands on the front steps drinking it
all in.
>Ken: "Awww sick!"
>Alex: "Again bad wording."
>Sasami confused: "What?"
 Tenchi casually waves to old friends and is just
glad to have gone fifteen minutes without hearing explosions
or women fighting over him. 
>Ken: "Though most guys would love to have women fight over them."
Tenchi arrives in class only to hear his name over the loudspeaker calling 
him to the
principal's office.
>Ken as the principal: "Tenchi, there are two women here threating to kill me 
unless I get you up here."
>Alex as Tenchi: "Not again…Well I don't like this principal…"
>Sasami: "I don't think sis would do that, but Ryoko…"
   Tenchi arrives in the principal's office with a surprised
look on his face. In the office principal sukato sits behind
his desk and a strange boy stands in front of the desk
facing tenchi. "Welcome Mr. Masaki, I called you here to ask
a favor of you. 
>Alex as principal: "Please don't anger the girls…"
>Ken as Tenchi: "Oh great, what a time to choose…oh well, I'll take Ayeka!"
>Sasami as Ryoko: "Why you…!"
>Alex looks to Sasami: "Not easy being mean is it?"
>Sasami: "Not really."
This boy here is named tengato. 
>Ken: "It's Kagato and Tenchi merged together!"
>Sasami: "It's like my transformers, Fusors toys."
>Alex: "Why in the world would someone want to fuse Tenchi and Kagato 
together…I mean that's like creating super wuss!"
Ken and Sasami: "What?"
He lives on a small island off the coast of Japan, he needed to take a
boat to get here. Having to take a boat every day is quite
expensive and so tengato's parents have asked if he could
board with a student. Since your grandfather accepted two
students a number of years ago 
>Alex as Tenchi: "Try 30 years ago."
I though he wouldn't mind excepting tengato now."
   "Oh? Of course grandpa wouldn't mind having tengato live
with us for the school year. More the merrier that's the
Masaki motto." Tenchi says. Tenchi takes a second to look
the new kid over. Tenchi realizes that tengato looks very
similar to himself 
>Ken: "Well he is one half of you."
with two exceptions. One, he was more muscular and taller than tenchi is. 
Two, He had a strange smell that tenchi found unpleasant.
>Alex: "WHO WAS EATEN BEANS?"
>Ken and Sasami exchange looks.
 "Thank you tenchi. I hope I will not prove to be to much of a burden to you 
and
your family. And I know we will become good friends."
   "Thank you very much tenchi, tell your grandfather I said
hi and now get back to class."
>Alex: "Before Ayeka comes in here with her whip!"
>Sasami: "Do you even know what it's used for?"
>Ken: "Yeah not to mention the whiping outfit…"
>Alex: "Ken! Calm down!"
 Tenchi and tengato head back to class and the principal relaxes.
   Tenchi and tengato are in all the same classes and they
get to know each other. Tenchi notices that many of the
girls in class are staring at tengato.
>Ken: "Maybe because he looks like Tenchi, only isn't a wuss."
>Sasami: "Hey!"
>Alex as a girl at the school: "Hey, he looks like tenchi and kagato fused 
together!"
 They then spend lunch together which is where we join them. "So tengato tell 
me
about where you come from," asks tenchi. "Well my house is
very normal, normal parents, normal school, nothing about my
life is out of the ordinary, okay?!" 
>Ken: "Wow, he's so normal."
Tengato says, extremely defensively.
   "Sorry, I was just... making conversation," Tenchi
confusedly 
>Sasami: "Confusedly? I'm confused over that word."
says. Well did you uhhhh, I mean do you have A
girlfriend?" tenchi asks with a devilish plan forming in his
mind. "If I can get the girls at home interested in him I'll
be left alone!!!!" tenchi thinks to himself.
>Ken: "Why do I get the idea his plan will backfire?"
>Sasami: "Uh, The title of the fic?"
>Alex fastens the seat belt on his chair: "We're in for a bumpy ride!"
>Ken and Sasami: "What?"
   "Well to tell you the truth no. I never did have a
girlfriend but I have always wanted one. Truly I've always
been to shy."
   "Well then, I know a few girls who might like to meet
you."
   "Wow do you really mean it. Thanks, I just met you and
your already such a great friend. Thank you thank you thank
you....." tengato yells as he jumps across the lunch table
and gives tenchi a big hug 
>Ken: "Oh my god! They're gay!"
and a sweatdrop appears on tenchi's head. When tengato stopped strangling 
tenchi he
noticed that everyone was staring at them, especially the
girls. "Sorry tenchi. I didn't mean to embarrass you it's
just that I'm kind of a hands on guy and I don't contain my
feelings well."
   "Hands on! Can't contain feelings! The girls are gonna
eat this guy up.
>Ken: "Man this auther really has not phrased some of his lines very well."
>Sasami: "What do you mean?"
>Alex and Ken: "Nothing!!!"
 I'm so happy." RRRRRRIIIIIIIINNNNGGGGGGG.
"Well that's the bell let's get back work."
~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-
~-~-
The Fan fic screen flickers off.
Ken: "Hey! What the?!?"
Two identacle shadows are seen fighting in the projector room
Alex: "Hey! Shadow puppets!"
Sasami: "I think A and B are fighting!"
Ken: "Hey! Turn the Fic back on and take it outside!"
Alex: "Your so caring."
The fic flickers back on.
~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-
~-~-
   The rest of the day passed quietly without any major
events. Tenchi was anxiously awaiting the final bell, he
really hoped the girls at home would like tengato as much as
the girls at school did. Tenchi was bursting 
>Ken: "Bursting? Hehehe, this auther just leaves his lines wide open to bad 
interoperations."
with anticipation by the end of the day. Finally the last bell
rang. Tenchi and tengato talked little on the bus ride home,
but Tenchi did notice that all of the girls were staring at
tengato. It looked as though they wanted to talk to tengato.
Finally they reached the steps leading to the large blue
roofed house. "Brace yourself tengato." Tenchi say's the
second they enter the door.
   "Why is  that tench..." Tengato stop's in mid sentence as
Ryoko appears before them  and gives Tenchi a big hug. "Ohh
Tenchi don't go to school again I was left here with aeka
>Ken: "Hey that is A-Y-E-K-A!!" 
who nagged me all day long about chores. It was soooo
booooring."
   "You are a dirty liar Ryoko.
>Ken: "Oh yeah she is drity, and a slu…"
>Alex: "AHEM! Younger audiences!"
 Before I could mention one word to you about chores you disappeared. But I 
shall deal
with you later. Tenchi I'm so happy your home, I must admit
it has been a long day for those of us who work around
here." Aeka states as she gives a dirty look at Ryoko.
Tenchi gulps as he sees logs and sparks appear.
   "This is tengato," tenchi says
>Alex as tenchi: "He's half me and half kagato!"
 in a desperate attempt to avert yet another explosive fight between aeka and 
ryoko.
To tenchi's surprise the girls stop fighting and stare at
Tengato. "He lives far away from school and will be
stay......" tenchi never get's to finish his sentence
because ryoko slams him against a wall at the far end of the
corridor.
>Ken: "Ow, thats like Misaki did to Ryoko."
>Alex: "That was your favorite part, huh?"
>Sasami: "Ken, do you just not like Ryoko?"
>Ken: "Nope."
   "Ten-ten- tengato." Ryoko and aeka stammer in unison.
Ryoko floats in the air and hugs tengato around the neck,
this only lasts a second because aeka throws ryoko off of
him and then gives tengato a big hug of her own. "Tengato I
love you please be mine." Again aeka and ryoko speak as one.
>Ken: "Dude, is this what would happen if Tenchi has a backbone?"
>Sasami: "WHAT?"
>Ken: "Alex, cover me."
>Alex backs away: "You're on your own."
   "What was that aeka? You leave tengato alone because he
is mine."
   "Ha! As if anyone would want you.
>Ken: "I don't know, there are those queer freaks in the RFFC."
{Note, all RFFC death threats may be sent to Ken008@aol.com. Please do not 
harras alex about that}
 Tengato is mine so why don't you take tenchi and leave us alone."
   "Tenchi? Who wants that bum?
>Alex and Ken high 5: "YES!"
 Look you take tenchi and I'll take tengato."
   "No tengato is mine," screams aeka.
   "No he's mine," screams ryoko.
   logs appear around aeka and ryoko materializes her sword.
The fight ends when they manage to blow up the front half of
the house. Washu, sasami
>Sasami: "That's me!!"
>Alex and Ken: "Ho boy…"
mihoshi, and katsuhito all rush to the scene of the fight.
   "Are you two fighting again?" washu asks the obvious
question. "Hey who's that guy."
   "He's tengato, my lover." Ryoko says patiently.
   "What did you say ryoko!!!! We both know that tengato is
mine." aeka yells furiously.
   "Now don't start that again you two. Heeeyyyyyyyyy. Did
you say tengato?? What about tenchi?"
>Ken: "No one wants him anymore."   
>Alexs points to Sasami who is trying to look mad.
 Wonders washu 
   "Tenchi???? Oh that guy. Why don't you study him for
awhile washu-chan." Both aeka and ryoko stated.
   "What???? What makes this guy so special anyway? Hmmm I
think I'll have to study him. Yes he will be my new guinea
pig. Mental note:get the nurses uniform dry cleaned."
>Ken: "Dry cleaned? I can only wonder why…Like she…"
>Alex: "AHEM! Ken! Stop that!"
   "Waaahhhhhhhhh! What's going on, I don't understand any
of this," Mihoshi wailed as tears streamed down her cheeks.
She then collapsed to the remains of the floor still
sobbing.
   Tengato cradles the fallen mihoshi in his arms and calms
her down. "There there miss. Don't cry. I believe, what is
going on, is that the girls named ryoko and aeka have fallen
in love with me and the one named washu-chan wants to study
me. There do you feel better miss?"
   Mihoshi stops crying and looks up at tengato, "I feel
better already, thank you."
   "What do you think your doing with my man mihoshi? Put
him down this instant." Ryoko bellows as she materializes
her glowing red sword.
>Ken and Alex: "KILL HER!!"
>Sasami: "Hey! Why do you say that?"
>Ken: "Oh I don't know, cause she's always messing things up and is good for 
nothing?"
   "Oh no. I must protect tengato from these two wild women!"
>Alex: "Protect him from what?"
>Ken: "From Ayeka and Ryoko boinking his…"
>Alex: "AHEM!"
Aeka exclaims  while jurian logs appear all around her.
   "Please I don't want you girls to fight." But it's too
late. All three girls begin fighting and tengato is caught
in the middle. Washu retreats to her lab so she can clean
her nurses outfit before she captures tengato for testing.
>Ken: "And we all know what type of testing that is."
   "I don't get it, why do the girls suddenly hate tenchi
and love tengato. Hey, where is tenchi anyway?" Sasami takes
a moment and spots tenchi sitting alone on the steps that
lead to the shrine. Sasami walks over to him and notices
that tenchi is smiling wider than ever before.
   "Hi tenchi. Why are you so happy?" Sasami asks.
   "Well sasami-chan it's because that should be me over
there. But instead it's tengato. I am finally relived from
the girls constant affections.
>Ken: "That any normal guys would love to have."
 I'll be free to live a somewhat normal life. I really couldn't be happier
sasami-chan."
   And so for the next month tenchi is left alone while
tengato accepted constant advances from aeka, ryoko,
mihoshi, and washu. Tengato even returned their feelings
with advances of his own. 
>Alex whistles: "I think Tengato is taking this a bit too far…"
>Ken: "At least You aren't hitting on tengato in the fic, Sasami."
>Sasami: "Why would I? I'm the only one with Tenchi now!"
>Alex to the audience: "And this from a 9 year old…"
 However at the end of the month strange feelings rose inside of tenchi.
>Ken as Tenchi: "I feel this strange, warm feeling."
>Alex: "It's called courage."
He began to feel lonely. He used to view the girls as people he liked but not
loved. He used to be annoyed by their never ending advances
but now he longed to hear even one of them do so little as
speak his name. Tenchi soon fell into depression
>Ken as Tenchi: "AAHHH! I'm falling!!"
tenchi cursed himself for always pushing down his true feelings for
the girls. For although he pretended to be annoyed by their
playfulness deep down he truly loved them and they had loved
him. But not now, now they all loved tengato and tengato let
them know that he loved them back. Tenchi soon fell so far
into depression that he never went to school, ate meals,
>Sasami: "And we know it wasn't because of bad food, right?"
>Ken and Alex nervously: "Of course not!"
shower, or practice sword fighting with his grandfather. For
even his grandfather abandoned tenchi because katsuhito had
found a new student: Tengato. Even Nobyuki liked tengato
better because tengato showed more interest in the girls
than tenchi ever did. Tenchi felt truly alone and he deeply
regretted never returning the girls affections when he had
the chance. The only thing tenchi ever did was do his
chores, he never talked to the girls except for sasami who
was the only one who still talked to tenchi.
>Ken: "And you would be mighty happy if that happened huh Sasami?"
>Sasami: "Yup!!"
 However the end all came on a particularly bad day for tenchi.
Tenchi hadn't been to breakfast and so sasami decided to bring breakfast
to tenchi.
   "Hi tenchi. I haven't seen you in a few days and I
figured you were sick of reheated food so I brought you some
fresh breakfast."
   "Thank you sasami-chan, leave it over there and I'll eat
it later."
   "But tenchi, you look sick, I really think you should eat
it now. Please." Sasami pleaded. But it was in vain for
tenchi had drifted away to better times.
>Alex: "Full of explosions and and evil villains trying to kill him…"
 After a few more minutes sasami realized tenchi was out of it and she 
left. A few hours later tenchi got dressed
>Ken: "What? Was he naked when he was talking to Sasami?"
 and went into the furthest corners of the carrot patch where 
>Alex: "Where no man had gone before!"
tenchi sat and contemplated things. Suddenly tenchi was enveloped in a
flash of light. When tenchi regained his sight he noticed
that he was aboard a ship. In front of him stood a strangely
familiar man. He was a little taller than tenchi, he was
wearing black robes that hid his whole body except for his
face. The man had Long silver hair, green eyes, and a
menacing grin. One thing made the man stand out from anyone
tenchi had ever known before, tiny sunglasses.
>Ken: "Gee, I wonder who that could be?"
>Sasami: "What? Who is it?"
>Alex: "Oh yeah, you never actually saw Kagato."
 Tiny sunglasses that straddled his nose. The glasses were so
small that the man couldn't possibly see through them.
   "Kagato?! What are you doing here I saw you died."
>Alex as Tenchi: "Especially since I kill you!"
>Ken: "Nice grammer going around."
   "Boy, I let you see what I wanted you to see. The person
you killed was an imperfect copy of myself. I was merely
testing your powers then and so I created a copy of myself
that was programmed to fight at full power but to also let
you win in the end. However You defeated my copy before it's
program to take a dive kicked in. You proved to be far
stronger than any jurian could possibly be.
>Ken: "Well, he IS mostly human."
>Alex: "Or chicken."
>Sasami: "Hey! Stop that Alex!"
>Alex, meekly: "Yes ma'am…"
 I was stumped as to why you were so powerful. Then I came upon such a simple
explanation. The girls love. The princess, the one who would
become tsunami ,the GP officer, and especially ryoko. They
made you strong, their love made you invincible.
>Ken and Alex do the Dr.Evil pinky finger to lip gesture.
 But now no one cares about you, not one of them. Even the ones who
cared about you when you were young hate you. You have
nothing. I will not disgrace you further by humiliating you
with my power. Instead I give you the only honorable choice.
Kill yourself, you have nothing left to live for, die
honorably and commit hara-kiri. 
>Ken: "hara what?"
"Here I will supply you with the knife." 
>Alex: "He's so kind."
Kagato pulled a sheathed knife from his robe and
proceeded to throw it a tenchi's feet.
   Tenchi picked up the knife and unsheathed it. "Kagato,
you are correct. I am useless, the girls don't love me, they
don't need me to protect them, grandpa says I am
dishonorable while he trains another, and even dad now has a
"son" he can be proud of. So kagato I will do it, good-bye."
Tenchi grim facedly points the knife at his belly ready to
slit it open.
   "No tenchi stop!" A voice cries out.
   "What? who's there,"
>Alex and Ken point to Sasami.
 tenchi asks as he resheaths the knife, "come out from the shadows and show 
yourself."
   "Tenchi it's me." sasami says as she steps out from the
shadows. "Tenchi don't listen to that vile man. He tells you
lies tenchi."
   "No sasami-chan, he speaks the truth. No one at home
cares if I live or die."
   "No tenchi that's not true I still care for you and I
know deep down the others do too. You just have to make them
remember what they all found so special about you. "
>Ken: "And what would that be again?"
>Sasami: "Um…"
   "Really sasami-chan?"
   "Really tenchi."
   "You're right sasami-chan. I have to stop feeling sorry
for myself 
>Ken: "If I was Tenchi, I'd feel sorry for myself."
and win back the girls affection's and this time
I won't be so dispassionate towards them."
>Alex: "Biiig wooords…."
   "Oh tenchi I knew you had it in you."
   "Thank you sasami-chan you've really opened up my eyes...
and my heart." 
>Ken: "Ok, this is getten corny."
Tenchi says as he throws the knife to the
floor.
   "Tenchi it seems you've had a change of heart about
hara-kiri. Oh well I suppose now I'll just have to defeat
you in a "fair" fight." Kagato then materializes his large
two handed black sword. The edges glow red with power.
   "Tenchi you have to summon the wings of the light hawk, I
know you can do it, I have faith in you tenchi."
>Ken: "Kagato said that?"
>Sasami: "No, I think that was me."
   "Yes sasami-chan, I won't let you or the others down."
Tenchi searched deep inside of himself for his strength. He
finds it in the faces and hearts of his friends and so using
that strength tenchi summons the wings of the light hawk. He
changes into the white jurai uniform, in his hands a pure
white sword materializes.
   "This is it boy, our final battle!" Kagato bellows as he
rushes tenchi. Tenchi doesn't move, he calmly awaits
kagato's assault. Kagato slices, chops, and thrusts, his
sword at  space tenchi had been occupying.
>Ken, laughing: "BAD interpretation…"
   "What is this boy?" Kagato asks, "How did you escape me?"
   "Kagato, although my power had nearly been extinguished
   I searched deep inside of myself, and when I realized the
true source of my power I came back stronger than ever
before. You can't hope to defeat me kagato, I give you one
opportunity to flee." Tenchi speaks from behind Kagato.
>Ken: "God…this is getting all sappy."
   "No boy I will defeat you or I will die." With that
Kagato rushes tenchi and puts all of his power into the
numerous sword strikes. However tenchi avoids all of them
and soon kagato tires and becomes vulnerable. Tenchi struck
quickly and expertly. Kagato died painlessly.
>Alex: "What detail."
   Tenchi then reverts to his normal clothes and the sword
disappears. "Come on sasami-chan lets go home." Together
they board Tsunami and go home.
   When they get home they find all the girls in shock
except for washu.
   "Uhhh, washu-chan what's going on, whats wrong with
ryoko, aeka, and mihoshi?" Tenchi asks.
   "I'll explain tonight when the pheromones wear off."
>Ken: "Pheromones??" 
"Pheromones?!" Tenchi and sasami exclaim.
>Alex: "Pheromones."
>Ken and Sasami: "Ah."
   "Look I'll explain what happened later. Why don't the two
of you get some rest, okay."
   "Okay washu-chan, I will see you later then."
   "Yeah goodnight washu see you later."
   Tenchi and sasami both head for their rooms and go to
sleep. Later tenchi awakens and heads down  the stairs to
see everyone, minus tengato, gathered around the dinning
table. Washu stands up at the head of the table and motions
tenchi to sit down.
   "Now everyone listen up cause I'm only going to explain
this once." Washu says in a no nonsense kind of voice.
   "Tengato was a creation of kagato.
>Alex: "I knew it! I knew it!"
>Ken and Sasami: "…"
It was a cyborg programmed to steal all of our hearts from tenchi. Kagato
knew that the cyborg couldn't do this on it's own and so
kagato gave the cyborg skin that emits a pheromone that
plays on any women's hormones and makes them fall instantly
in love with the person emitting the pheromone.
>Ken: "So that's what pheromones are."
 Which is why all of us women fell for the cyborg but sasami didn't
because her hormones aren't fully developed yet."
>Sasami: "That's what you think!"
>Ken and Alex exchange looks.
   "That's all well and good but what about dad and grandpa,
why did they turn against me?"
   "Kagato abducted them and brainwashed them of course."
   "Well washu-chan then all I want to know is how you
figured this all out and where is tengato?"
   "Well tenchi I had tengato hooked up to my machine and
was running tests on him when he whispered the name kagato
and died. I checked his readouts and they all said that
tengato had died from a precision stab wound through the
heart.
>All: "Ow"
 All this information confused me at first. But then I
searched and couldn't find either you or sasami-chan. Then I
put together the clues, "kagato..., Tenchi's
disappearance..., and the precision stabwound..." So my
guess is that kagato came back and you fought and defeated
him somehow. Now tenchi the only question I have is why did
kagato bother with stealing our hearts?"
   "Kagato had been experimenting with the source of my
extreme powers. He hypothesized that it went beyond jurian
blood line he believed my true power came from the love you
girls show me. So he set up this experiment to see if he was
right, and he was. I nearly killed myself on his ship
because he so thoroughly convinced me that you all no longer
loved me. But with sasami's help I persevered and defeated
kagato for good."
   "Tenchi I believe I speak for all of us when I say that,"
it was ryoko who was speaking now, "we all apologize for
abandoning you like that and we want you to know that we all
still love you the most."
   "No ryoko it is I who should apologize.
>Alex: "Tarzan no good with words."
 I should stop running from my feelings and just admit them. I love you
all, and I can't choose one over the other because I don't
want to hurt any of you."
   "Oh tenchi that was so sweet," aeka says, "it's okay
tenchi, we all now how you really feel and we understand
that your shy so there is no need to apologize." Everyone
adds their words of agreement with aeka and all is forgiven
on both sides. Sasami cooks up a feast and everyone
celebrates the defeat of kagato and the rebirth of tenchi, a
new less defensive tenchi who is much more honest about his
feelings for the women he loves.

   And so ends my first fan fic. 
>Ken: "Thank god!"
>Alex: "Your welcome."
>Ken: "Shut up."
I'm sorry if it was little long. I hope you enjoyed it. Good night.

>All: "Good night? But it's 10am!"
>Ken: "This also concludes our MSting of the fic. So see ya!"
>All, waving: "Bye!" 