

Once more, Weber-san sits at the controls of the powerful 
ship, the USS Brian Drummond. But he no longer desires to 
simply mock the silly or ridiculous. He intends to punish a 
fanfic genre that never should have been born. With a mad 
gleam in his eye, he summons his MSTers, none of whom are 
owned by him, all of whom are used without permission of 
Sunrise, ADV, Funimation, and Pioneer. Please don't sue. 
This is done for the good of one anime character who's been 
put through too much. One day it might be YOUR character 
I'm defending.

Roll Call:

>From the year After Colony 195: Zechs Merquise.
>From the lost planet Vegeta: Prince Vegeta
>From a world inside a Playstation: Ryga of the Wind
>From the cold cavern of Masaki Shrine: Ryoko, The Devil 
Caller.

Zechs: Hey, wait, what happened to Alan?
Weber-san: I needed a female perspective on this, and he 
lost the toss. Besides, Ryoko made a promise in a fic I 
wrote, and I'm holding her to it.
Ryoko: I'm here against my will. Please send help. 
Vegeta: Enough of this. What are we doing in this place 
again?
Weber-san: Well, I assembled an MST group for one purpose 
and one purpose only. To defend an anime character from the 
filth and disease of certain Hentai minds. I mean Hentai 
that makes Nobiyuki Masaki look like a choir boy. I mean 
Hentai that makes Happosai look like a ....
Vegeta (Goes SuperSaiya-jin): WE GET THE POINT!
Weber-san: Anyway, she reminds me of my kid sister, and 
none of you would want anything like that happening to your 
sister, I'm sure.
Zechs: The scum. I'll kill them all. Only then will there 
be peace.
Vegeta: I like your spirit, Zechs.
Ryga: Wait, you don't mean....?
Ryoko: (sweatdrop): He does.
Weber-san: Remember, you don't leave until the job is done. 
So, flambe this piece if you ever want to get out of here.
Ryga: A Sasami Lemon!
Vegeta (turns green) : A wha...?


A Tenchi Muyo Fan Fiction.
A Passion Satisfying, Ground Shaking, Glass Breaking. . .
By Peter Suzuki.

Vegeta: Got the name?
Zechs: (tuning up Epyon) : Got it.

The series "Tenchi Muyo" is owned by Pioneer LDC, AIC, and 
its
contributors.  All rights reserved.

WARNING:  Mild LEMON!  Nothing TOO graphic

Ryga(horns sparking): There'd better NOT be!

, but younger (or immature)
readers should not be reading this.  In fact, I don't know 
why I'm even
explaining to you, ANYTHING after the word "Lemon" because 
if you didn't
want to read something 'sexually explicit' then you would 
have hit the
"Go-back" button by now, right?

Ryoko: If the MST master would let us, we would. 
Weber-san(on speakers): Didn't you pledge to always be 
there for Sasami-hime?
Ryoko: Only because you wrote it that way, baka!
Weber-san: Be nice to me, and I'll let YOU get Tenchi in 
the Tenchi Muyo: No Need For Multiple Continuities Chapter 
2 that I'm writiing.
Ryoko: ^_^, Let's do it!


Anyway, on with the show.

###########################################################
############

EARTH:  4:00a.m.

        Yosho was up early this morning.  He did not even 
really know
why, other then out of habit. And now he could not even get 
to see the
sun rise because of the overcast.  It looked like yet 
another gloomy,
autumn morning.  He let out a bored sigh, and continued to 
drink the tea
that he made.  No sense in letting it go to waste.

        Then he heard it, or rather FELT it.  A slight 
tremor shook the
shrine.

Zechs(as Obi Wan): There is a great disturbance in the 
force.

  Even the birds stopped chirping. 

Ryga: The birds were chirping at 4 in the morning? What, 
London time?

 An earthquake?  No, it could
not be so.  In all the seven hundred years of its 
existence, the Masaki
shrine was never effected by earthquakes.

Zechs: First time for everything.

  Besides, this felt as if it
was caused by something close by.

Ryoko: Geeze, how did I miss the fault line outside my back 
door all these centuries?

  Something that shook the very earth
that the shrine sat upon.  As Yosho got up to investigate, 
the shaking
started again, and did not stop.

Vegeta: Do the hippy hippy shake!
Others: 0_0

        This could not possibly be an earthquake.  It was 
more of a
slight vibrating, rather than a quake.  Yosho slowly made 
his way to
where the shaking felt strongest.  For the
first time in a long, LONG time, Yosho was genuinely 
shocked.

Ryga: If he has anything to do with the lemon scene, I'LL 
see that he's shocked.

        The trees were causing the shaking, or more 
specifically; the
Funaho tree, the Ryu-oh tree, and the trees born from the 
Funaho tree's
seeds were causing the shaking.  Yosho did not move, even 
as a sapling
that had been placed in a pot, gently vibrated across the 
ground like
one of those tabletop football games.

        "Washu." Yosho mumbled.  "If she's not the cause of 
this, then
she must at least have some kind of explanation for this."

Ryoko: Oh, sure. Blame my mother. It has nothing at all to 
do with the writer of this fic.
Vegeta: Y'know, for a lemon, this doesn't seem bad.
Ryga: That's because we haven't gotten anywhere yet.
Zechs: I like it here. Let's stay here.

        Yosho then ran as fast as he could, toward the 
Masaki house.

Zechs: D'oh!
 
His expression was somewhat reminiscent of how a little 
child would
look, after hearing a big dog bark at him.

All: 0_0

        Yosho came to a screeching halt at the door of the 
Masaki home. 
He briefly turned his head toward the front gate, as he 
heard a slight
humming coming from that direction.  He had a very bad 
feeling of what
he would see.

Ryoko: As do we all. As do we all.

        Azaka and Kamidake hovered in mid air, spinning 
like tops, and
shaking like maracas.  The
mail man walked by, muttered something about 'it getting 
weirder every
day', and managed to stuff some envelopes into Azaka on one 
of the
revolutions, before continuing on his way.  A large sweat-
drop formed on
Yosho's head.

        Yosho then heard one of the girls scream from the 
bedroom
window.  Without another thought, Yosho rushed into the 
house.

Vegeta: (Goes SuperSaiya-jin again): If that's Sasami with 
Tenchi, the writer won't get to his next sentence.

        If Yosho would have stayed a minute longer he would 
have heard
Kamidake moan, "S-S-S-o-o-o-G-G-G-o-o-o-o-o-o-d-d-d-!"

All: (Collective facefault)

        In every sense, Washu was not having a good day.  
First, last
night's experiment ended in disaster with only herself to 
blame, then
she was woken up by Ayeka,

Ryoko: So, Mom and Ayeka? And I thought Sasami lemons were 
sick! Yuck!

 at this unruly hour, about something
happening to Sasami, and when she got to the bedroom she 
saw THIS.

        Sasami lay on the floor, flopping like a fish on 
dry land,
moaning like a banshee. . .  and seeming to be enjoying 
every minute of
it.  "Ahh!  AAAH!  Oooh!  Mmmm-YES!!"

Zechs: This has gotten very bad, very fast.
Ryga: Normally, when I see something flopping around like 
that, it's my lunch.
Vegeta: DON'T SAY LUNCH! Sheesh, you want to bring up more 
perverted character names, huh?
Ryoko: Personally, I don't see how she COULD be enjoying 
it. If she's flopping like a fish, it's a sure bet her neck 
is broken by now.
Zechs: You'd know more about that than we would.

        "And when did you find out about this?" Washu asked 
Ayeka.

Ryoko: (as Ayeka) : Well, she was acting strange ever since 
you crossed her with a trout.

        "Well, I got up to get a glass of water.  Sasami 
then told me
that she felt slightly cold.  When I got back with a 
blanket, I found
her like this." Responded Ayeka.

Zechs: One would think she'd feel more...feverish...for 
those sorts of convulsions.

        "Did you check her for symptoms of sickness?" Washu 
asked, as
she materialized her computer.

Ryga: Anyone says anything about a thermometer, and they're 
toast.
Vegeta: I'm with you, dog face.

        Ayeka looked a little bit distraught about it.  
"Well. . .  I
DID try to check her for a fever, b-but when I placed my 
hand on her
forehead she. . . she. . ." Ayeka seemed reluctant, and 
slightly scared
to mention what happened next.

Ryoko: Even I feel sick at that one. Oooooh. Easy stomach.

        Just then Ryoko phased in through the wall, and 
Ryo-oh-ki
toddled in from the hallway.  Ryoko said, "Hey, why are the 
windows
shaking like. . ." Ryoko then noticed Sasami jerking around 
on the
floor.

Ryoko: Why don't I remember this?
Vegeta: You mean you WANT to?
Ryoko: ....
Vegeta: Then shut up!
Ryoko(draws sword): Anytime, runt. 
Vegeta(Summons ki ball): Try me, wench!
Zechs: Knock it off, both of you. Our enemy is this author, 
not each other.

"What the?  Washu!  Did you do something to Sasami!?!" 
Ryoko said in her
most menacing tone.

Vegeta(looking at his new flattop haircut, curtesy of 
Ryoko): Hmmm, that'd be fairly menacing.
Ryoko: You got off easy, little boy.
Vegeta: WHAT?
Ryga: LIGHTNING!
Vegeta and Ryoko, charred, sit down.
Zechs: That's better.

        "No!  Now get out of the way, I'm trying to find 
out what's
wrong." Washu snapped.

        Tenchi, from his bedroom, Nobuyuki, from the 
library, and
Mihoshi, from wherever she passed out last, entered into 
the bedroom. 
They each saw Sasami, and said, "Washu!!  Did you do 
something to
Sasami!?!?!"

All: -_-

        "WHY IN HELL DO YOU ALL THINK THAT I'M THE ONE 
WHO'S CAUSING
SASAMI TO BE LIKE THIS!?!?!?!"  screamed Washu.  "I'M 
TRYING TO FIND OUT
WHAT'S WRONG, DAMNIT!!!"

Vegeta: Now  I see where you get it.
Ryoko: Good thing your kid got his personality from his 
mother.
Vegeta: I'll kill you.
Ryga: Save it for the author, the author!

        Ryo-oh-ki approached Sasami, and gently nuzzled the 
arm of her
best friend.  Suddenly, Ryo-oh-ki found herself in the bone 
crushing
embrace of the blue hared princess.  Sasami rubbed the 
cabbit all over
the front of her body.

Ryoko: Aw, crap. Now I have to give the critter a bath.
Ryga: So what?
Ryoko: You know what wet dog smells like? Well, wet cabbit 
is worse. And she doesn't like water, either.

        "S-so warm, fuzzy!  AH!  Feels so good!  Ooooh!" 
Sasami seemed
to really enjoy the feeling of the small furry body on her 
own.

Vegeta: This is more than anyone here deserves. BIG BANG 
ATTACK!
The screen is undamaged.
Weber-san(on speakers): I took the liberty of shielding the 
screen. It cost too much for you to go around frying it all 
the time.

        Ryoko went over to free her cabbit from Sasami's 
remarkably
strong grip.  When the former pirate pulled Sasami's arms 
away,
Ryo-oh-ki rolled off of the princess, and passed out a few 
feet away.

Ryga(as Ryo-Ohki) : I feel so...violated.

Suddenly, Sasami quickly embraced Ryoko, kissed the shocked 
young woman
fully on the lips,

Vegeta: Well, now we know it's not the real Ryoko.
Ryoko: >_<  And why is that?
Vegeta: Because they described her as a "young woman". 
Ryoko mallets Vegeta.

 and began to hump her body.  Ryoko let out a muffled
scream of surprise as she was embraced in a hug that was 
strong enough
to push all of the air out of her lungs.

Ryoko: There is no way Sasami is stronger than me. Not a 
chance. Uh-uh.
Vegeta (rubbing head) : I'll give her that one.

        Sasami continued to moan softly into her kiss, and 
every so
often let out a cry of pleasure on the upbeat of her 
humping.

Ryoko: By now, I think I'd have broken the grip and slapped 
her to wake her up.
Vegeta: You and me both, sister. 
Ryga: I've seen humans that were sick, and I've seen humans 
that were poisoned. But I ain't never seen nothing like 
this.
Zechs: I..urp...think I'm gonna be sick.
Ryoko: Oh, and the rest of us aren't?

        "Ayeka, would this be similar to what happened to 
you, when you
tried to check Sasami's temperature?" asked Washu.

Ryoko: Not even Ayeka deserves that!

        Ayeka, ghostly pale as she watched the scene 
unfold, simply
nodded "Uh-huh."

        Yosho then marched in from the hallway. 

Vegeta: Sure took him long enough.
Zechs: I'll say. This isn't the Yosho who made Kagato look 
stupid, that's for sure.

 "Miss Washu, the trees
from Jurai are shaking, I think Azaka and Kamidake are 
trying to do 'The
Macarena' again,

All: 0_0

 and. . ." Yosho noticed Ryoko & Sasami, and regained
some of his usual composure.  "Miss Ryoko, could you two at 
least wait
until Sasami is older?"

Ryoko: Hell, wait nothing. Get her...I mean me...out of 
there. I do NOT, I reiterate, restate, and repeat, NOT 
swing that way!

        "mrrrph! Himmph!  Grrmn-himph!" Ryoko's muffled 
screaming held
more panic, than actual anger.

Ryoko: Screw that. At this point, I'd be pissed! 

        "Trust me Yosho, it wasn't Ryoko's idea." Said 
Washu as she
turned back toward her computer.

Ryoko: Dear, sweet, kind mother, you're so kind to me. Now 
get the kid out of the lip lock!

"Oxygen intake, increased by fifty percent.  Blood 
pressure, increased
by twenty percent.  Hormone balance. . .up one hundred and 
twenty
percent!?!  How can that possibly
be?"

Ryga : Well, puberty did some strange things to me. 
Zechs: Yeah, but the girl has the physiology of an 8 year 
old. What puberty?
Ryga: That's 'cause they freeze themselves.
Vegeta: No way. Look, Juraian freezing is like Saiya-jin 
pods. We freeze ourselves because space is big, empty, and 
usually very boring. Why bear the tedium if you don't have 
to?
Zechs: Are you sure?
Vegeta: They clearly established that the trees keep them 
young, and her family was still in power 700 years after 
Yosho vanished. So, what, the royals froze themselves that 
long, woke up, and were still in power. I don't think so!
Ryoko: I'm with brillo head on this one. Juraians age far 
more slowly. That's why Sasami could figure the physics of 
a spaceship crash in the 2nd OAV, but still has the body of  
the Olsen twins.

        "Miss Washu!" Mihoshi interrupted.  "I think 
Ryoko's having
trouble breathing!"

Ryoko: It's sad when Mihoshi is the one to notice these 
things.
Zechs nods: I would have expected Tenchi to have spotted 
it, or Ayeka. I mean, she wouldn't want the lips of her 
sister profaned by the touch of a notorious space pirate.
Ryoko: I don't know if I should kill you or not for that 
one.
Ryga: Worry about it later. Is the cabbit dead? Can I eat 
it now?

        "What are you talking about?" said Washu.  "Ryoko 
was made to
withstand environments with zero oxygen. . ." Washu noticed 
that Ryoko
was indeed turning blue.  "Oh. . .  Help me separate them."

Ryoko: About time, dammit.

        Tenchi, Mihoshi, and Washu managed to pull Sasami's 
arms from
around Ryoko.  The cyan-hared 

Vegeta: A cyan-hare? Where? Is it some sort of Pokemon?
Ryga: Oh, don't get me started on that fic again.
Zechs: I wish this were that fic again.

one then jumped back away from Sasami, and
started gasping for air.

        "I *PANT* really *GASP* wish *WHEEZE* she *GASP* 
didn't *PANT*
slip *HUFF* me *GASP* the *WHEEZE* tongue!" Ryoko managed 
to say, as she
got air back into her body.

All: EEeeewww!!!!!

        Ryoko's three saviors stepped back before Sasami 
could get a
hold of them too.  The blue-hared girl let out a slight 
disappointed
moan at the loss of sensation, but quickly resumed her 
previous actions.

Vegeta: This is bad. I mean, Sasami is frenching every girl 
she meets, rubbing herself with cabbits, and still, not 
even an attempt at an explanation. 
Ryoko: That's because the author probably knew that it 
would be worse for providing one.
Ryga: You mean it can GET worse than this?

        Mihoshi then realized something.  "You know, Kiyone 
used to do
something similar to this all of the time.  Only she 
usually had her
hands between her legs when she was doing it.  But if you 
come within
arms reach of her during that time, she'll grab you and-"  
Mihoshi did
not notice the shocked stares coming from everybody else. . 
.  Except of
course for Sasami, who was gyrating her hips, and Ryo-oh-
ki, who was
still passed out on the floor.

Ryoko: And who's this Kiyone person?
Vegeta: One day, Weber-san is going to have to give us 
someone who knows what's going on. Or I'll kill him and 
send him to HFIL.
Zechs: It doesn't help that there are four distinct Ryoko's 
out there, and we got the only one who never met Kiyone.
Ryga: I dunno. That doesn't sound like Kiyone. So 
unprofessional  to do that on the job.
Zechs: Like anyone in this fic is behaving properly?
Ryga: Point made.

        Washu decided to check the hunch that what was 
happening WAS
similar to what Mihoshi was referring to.  Needless to say, 
it solved
one mystery only to lead to another.

Ryoko: Howsabout letting us in on it?

        "This can't be right." Muttered Washu.  "There's no 
outside
stimulus, no internal stimulus.  This shouldn't be 
happening on its own,
especially at this level of magnitude."

Zechs: Oh no. They aren't...
Vegeta: (beginning to glow): They wouldn't...
Ryga: (horns sparking) : They better not....

        "What's wrong, Miss Washu?" asked Tenchi.

        "Don't call me 'Miss', and according to my 
readings, Sasami is
about to experience pubicloital, fricative sensation, 
sensory overload."

All: Huh?

        "Huh?" remarked six voices, eerily in unison.

Ryoko: Ten if you count us. 

        "She's going to have an orgasm." Washu explained.

Ryoko: They did.

        "Oh, that's all." Said the six, sounding relieved.  
Then they
realized what Washu said.  "SHE'S WHAT!?!?!" Even Ryo-oh-ki 
woke up at
that realization.

Ryoko: This is too much for me folks. (Vomits behind couch)
Zechs: I think I'll join you. (does)

        Washu decided to continue.  "And according to the 
psychological
readings, she's reacting to all outside stimuli as if it 
was causing the
sensation."

Zechs: So, if it touches her...
Vegeta: Oh god, she hasn't...
Ryga: Who is this sick man writing this? 
Zechs: (checks notebook) Peter Suzuki.
Ryga: Uh-huh. I'll have to "chat" with him later.

        Nobuyuki was the only one who understood that.  "So 
whoever
she's hugging, she imagines that THEY are having sex with 
her?"

Ryoko: Figures the old man would get it.

        "That's correct."  Said Washu.  Nobuyuki quickly 
left the room,
and then returned with the camera.  "Uh, what are you 
planning to-"

        "Tenchi!" exclaimed Nobuyuki.  "Go over there and 
hug Sasami."

All: OH NO HE DOESN'T!

        "OVER YOUR DEAD BODY!!!" shouted four girls, and 
one boy.

Vegeta: What, a lemon in which Tenchi has morals?
Ryga: I don't know. This one has been weird the whole way.
Zechs: At least we've been spared the Sasami nudity that 
usually accompanies this crap.
Ryoko: Wait, where's Yosho in all of this?
Vegeta: As out of character as he is here? Probably passed 
out on the floor.

        "Miya!  Miya! Miya!" chirped Ryo-oh-ki.

        "No, you may NOT go over there and let Sasami hug 
you again."
Snapped Ryoko.

All: RYO-OHKI!!!
Ryoko: That cabbit and I are having a LONG talk when this 
is over."
Ryga: It's not dead? Damn.

        Ayeka then realized something.  "Miss Washu, if 
Sasami reacts
that way to any stimulus, then when she hugged. . ." both 
Ayeka and
Ryoko reached for the wet spots on their clothing.  The 
warm, sticky,
wet spots right were Sasami had been rubbing that special 
spot between
her legs, on them.

Vegeta: I...can't...hold...it...(Vomits behind couch. 
stops, rereads last paragraph, sees it wasn't a dream, 
vomits twice as long as before).

        "Yes, Ayeka.  When Sasami had you in her hug, she 
was imagining
that you were copulating with her."

Zechs: Now, I'm no genius like Washuu, but doesn't copulate 
mean to procreate?
Weber-san(on speakers): According to Webster's, it means 
"to have sexual intercourse."
Zechs: Then I guess the word works.
All: Unfortunately.

        Both Ayeka and Ryoko turned white as pale as 
ghosts.  Ayeka
quickly made her way toward the bathroom, and threw up. 

Vegeta:(wiping chin): I..urp...know how she feels.

 Ryoko looked
very depressed.

Ryoko: NO SHIT! BAKA! 

        "S-Sasami thought that she and I. . .  Oh, I feel 
so
violated!!!" cried Ryoko.

Ryoko: Tell it like it is, sister!

        Ayeka walked back into the room and muttered, "If 
mother ever
found out about this, she would laugh until she lost 
bladder control."

Vegeta: As a parent, I find that highly unlikely. 
Ryoko: You've never met Misaki.
Vegeta: Juraians are a bunch of inbred perverts anyway. I 
wish Frieza had found them. They'd have found out what 
power was real quick.

        Ryoko cried on Tenchi's shoulder.  "Oh, Tenchi!  
I'm sorry. 
That's probably how it's like for you, too, isn't it?  I'll 
never try to
seduce you again, unless you want us to make love, I 
promise!" said
Ryoko.

Vegeta(as Tenchi) : Damn.

        "Miss Ryoko!" Ayeka snapped.  "You know perfectly 
well that
Lord-Tenchi has never made love to anybody, especially to a 
woman like
YOU!!!"

Vegeta (wicked gleam in his eye, standard Vegeta smile on 
face): Should I tell them about Haruna?
Zechs: (shrugs) Your funeral.

        Ryoko glared at Ayeka.  "Oh, get your mind out of 
the gutter,
will ya!  I mean WHEN he wants to make love." She lovingly 
gazed into
Tenchi's eyes.  "Right, Tenchi?"

Vegeta(as Tenchi): Damn straight.

        "Ryoko, will you please not grab my rear-end like 
that."
commented Tenchi.

Ryga: Oh Tenchi, grow a pair, willya.

        Ryoko looked perfectly innocent as she said, "Okay, 
Tenchi.  How
do you want me to grab it?"  Ayeka slapped Ryoko's hand off 
of Tenchi. 
"OW!  Hey!"

        "Miss Ryoko!  Lord-Tenchi did not mean what he said 
in THAT way,
and you know it!"  Ayeka then lovingly gazed into Tenchi's 
eyes.  "That
monster woman did not molest you too badly, did she Lord-
Tenchi?"

Ryga: No, you stopped her before he could enjoy it.
Zechs: That's the sort of mentallity that leads to fics 
like these, you know. They'll do anything to justify what 
they do to that poor girl. I've seen numerous MSTs on one 
piece called "Kagato's Revenge". Brrrr. That author needs 
to get the treatment Kagato performed in the fic.
Ryoko: I've heard of it. Tell me we won't review that one, 
Weber-san!
Weber-san: Relax. That one's been MSTed to Hell as is. 
Besides, at least one group had a Vegeta do it, too.
Vegeta: Please...don't remind me.

        "Don't worry Miss Ayeka.  I'm fine." Tenchi then 
frowned
slightly.  "I'd feel even better if you would now get YOUR 
hand off of
my rear-end."

Ryoko: That's Ayeka all right. 

        Ayeka managed to pull her hand away before Ryoko 
could slap it.

        Mihoshi scratched her head.  "Miss Washu, shouldn't 
we move
Sasami to your lab, or something?  I mean there has to be 
something that
you can do."

        Washu shook her head.  "For the last time, it's 
LITTLE-Washu,
not 'Miss' Washu, and it would not be a good to move her at 
this time."

Vegeta: Why would it not "be a good to move her"?
Zechs: I think the author meant to say "a good idea".
Ryga: Too bad he can't. He certainly didn't have one with 
this fic!

        "Why?" questioned Ryoko.  "It's not like she's 
going to
explode."

Ryoko: I did not say anything THAT stupid!
Vegeta: Too late now! DUCK AND COVER!

        "In a way, she IS." Replied Washu.

Zechs: ULP!

        Then they all realized something.

        "Ohh!  Ahh!  OOOOOHHhhh!!  EEEahh!!  AAAh!!  
OOOoooh!!! 
OOOOOAAA!!!"

Vegeta : Poppin' fresh dough!

        Sasami's moaning was getting louder.

Ryoko: This is gonna be bad.

        "What's going on!?!" Tenchi yelled over the noise.

        "She's reaching climax!" replied Washu.

        "Whatdowedo!?!?  Whatdowedo!?!?!  
Whatdowedo!?!?!?!" Mihoshi
panicked.

        "Pray I don't run out of video tape!!" said 
Nobuyuki.

        "Mr. Masaki, I would greatly appreciate it if you 
would NOT
record the embarrassment of my little sister reaching the 
'Clouds and
Rain', thank you very much!!!"  Ayeka shouted at Nobuyuki.

Ryoko: That's tellin' him Ayeka!

        Ryoko arched an eyebrow in confusion.  " 'Clouds 
and Rain'? 
What the heck is that?"

Ryoko: I KNOW what that means!
Vegeta: I'm sure you do.
Ryoko: Listen runt, do you wanna die?
Vegeta: You and what army?

        Everyone else stared, shocked at what Ryoko just 
said.  "You. .
. Really don't know, do you?" stated Ayeka.

Ryoko: I do too!
Vegeta: That doesn't matter now! This is about to get 
messy!

        Ryoko did not get a chance to respond.  Washu 
realized that if
Sasami's voice kept getting louder at its rate, well. . .

        "EVERYONE, GET DOWN!!!" Washu shouted.

        Everyone else started making 'Rap Music' noises.

All: groan.

        "I MEAN, DUCK!!!" Washu shouted.  This time 
everybody
understood, and listened to Washu's orders. . .  Well, 
almost everyone.

        Ryoko and Ayeka flapped their arms and called out, 
"Quack,
quack, quack, quack, quack!!"

All: 0_0

        Upon Washu's angry glare, the princess and the 
pirate stopped
fooling around.

Vegeta: Oh! I wanted to see them fool around some more.
Ryoko mallets Vegeta: I SAID I don't swing that way, you 
lech.

        "AH!!!  OH!!!  OOOOOHH!!  YES!!!!  AAAAAAAH!!!"

At that point, Sasami finally climaxed.  Her INTENSE 
screams rocked the
very earth itself.

Zechs: And to think, all this time, I was just going to 
drop a spaceship on it...


"OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHH!!!!!!!  YES!!!!!!!  YES!!!  YES!!! 
YES!!!!!!!  AAH!!!
AAH!!!  OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!!!"

###########################################################
############

JURAI:  About the same time.

        It was a very bad day in the Jurian royal palace.  
Almost all of
the soldiers, servants, and officials were in a panic.  
Almost all.

Ryoko: I don't want the blame for this. Got it?

        "Hey, Karu." Said an old, retired Jurian night, who 
sat in an
old rocking chair.

Zechs: Geez, Vegeta, if your argument about Juraian age was 
correct, then he must be a few million years old!
Vegeta: Yeah. So. Jurai has a wonderful retirement plan.

        "Yeah, Taro?" responded another retired Jurian 
night, in a
similar rocking chair.

        "Ain't never been a panic like this one in a long 
time, has
there?" said Taro.

        "Well I don't know, Taro.  The royal trees shaking 
like they are
don't seem so terrifying ta me." said Karu.

        "Oh, yeah?  Well, name one time that there was this 
much panic
in the troops." Said Taro.

        "Well. . .  There was dat time when the Emperor 
found Misaki and
Funaho, in bed together." Replied Karu.

Ryga: Wait, in the episode "Here Comes the Jurai", didn't 
Misaki call Funaho "sister?"
Zechs: Vegeta was right. Jurai is full of perverted people. 
Vegeta: Well, he never actually said they were DOING 
anything in bed together. I mean, if you wanted to get 
technical, Washuu, Sasami, and Ryo-Ohki were in bed 
together in the 7th episode, "The Night Before the 
Carnival." 
Zechs: VEGETA! You're giving the hentai more ammo!
Vegeta: The point I was trying to make was that it COULD 
have been perfectly innocent.

        "Yeah, I guess ya got me there.  Nutting was like 
that day!"
said Taro.

        Both old men shared a very good laugh.

        Yes, the Jurian empire was in an uproar because all 
over the
galaxy, all of the Jurian royal trees, weather guardian, 
ship, or just
plain tree were seeming to shake enough to rattle the 
universe itself. 
The ships were bouncing around the docking bays, Jurian 
officials were
getting motion sick in their space vessels, the guardians 
were actually
succeeding in keeping intruders away from the palace. . .  
including
everyone else for that matter.  It was like all of the 
trees had gone
bonkers, at once.

        Queen Misaki woke up to the feeling of the palace 
shaking. 
Still half asleep, she decided to do something about it.  
She kicked her
sleeping husband, Emperor Azusa, out
of bed, and told him to do something about the shaking.

Vegeta: I see who wears the pants in THAT family.

        Grumbling and groggy, the emperor picked up one of 
the alarm
clocks in
the bedroom as he plodded out the door.  He continued down 
the hallway,
to the main hall,
past the throne room, through the mob of panicking soldiers 
and
servants, by two retired Jurian nights,

        "Good morning, Taro." Said Azusa, in monotone.

        "Good day, my lord.  Lovely day for a stroll." 
replied Taro.

        "Good morning, Karu." Said Azusa, in monotone.

        "You are aware that you're still in your pajamas, 
right?"
replied Karu.

around the corner, through the arches, following the yellow 
brick road,
up the hill, down the hill, up the hill, down the hill, 
around the
McDonald's,

Zechs: Gee, that franchise really IS everywhere, isn't it?

 over hill and over dale, past the Denny's, nothing but 
net.
. .  oops, wrong bit. . .  through the double doorways, 
past that weird
guy they found on Earth,

        "Good morning, Elvis." Said Azusa, in monotone.

        "Lemmie outta here, man!!!" Screamed the 
overweight,
greasy-hared musician.

All: GROAN
Ryoko: Stolen Animaniacs joke!

past a couple of jerks who were caught in the palace 
gardens lighting
their farts,

        "Good morning, Beavis.  Good morning, Butthead." 
Said Azusa
in-ah you know how he says it!!

        "Huh-huh, he said 'butt'." Chuckled the brown-hared 
one.

        "Heh-heh, Fire!  Fire!" said the blond-hared one.


Ryga: So that's where losers go when their shows are 
canceled.

through another pair of double doors, past the Clocman 
Diamond, and
finally to the place that housed the garden for the royal 
trees of
Jurai, and where a great amount of the
shaking was coming from.

Ryoko: Do we really want him to open that door?
Zechs: Nope.
Ryga: Uh-uh.
Vegeta: No way, man.

        When Azusa opened the doors, he saw ALL of the 
trees shaking
like
crazy.  In the distance, he could swear that he heard a 
woman's voice. 
The emperor shouted,
"HEY!!!  WHOEVER IS DOING THIS!!!  DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA 
WHAT TIME IT
IS!?!?!  IT'S. . ." Azusa
noted that the clock he took required a power outlet, not 
that it
mattered since its cord was ripped out.  "WELL, NEVER MIND 
EXACTLY WHAT
TIME IT IS!!!  IT'S STILL EARLY IN THE MORNING, AND ROYALTY 
NEEDS TO
SLEEP YOU KNOW!!!  SO STOP IT RIGHT NOW, YOU HEAR ME!!!"

Vegeta: I can't tell. Is that Monty Python, or not?
Zechs: Does it matter at this point?
Ryga: Nope. Let's just finish this.
Ryoko: Royal trees! They aren't going there!
Vegeta: WILL YOU ALL STOP IT. We killed that routine 
already in this MST.

        The royal trees stopped their shaking momentarily, 
to make way
for what was to come next.  A massive wave of orgasmic 
pleasure ripped
through the melee, causing the trees to shake even more 
violently then
before.  Azusa was knocked over as the force nearly shook 
the entire
dome off its foundation.  Then, although it had nothing to 
do with the
emperor's threat (like that would stop him from taking 
credit for it),
the shaking stopped.  Azusa congratulated himself on a job 
well done,
and left.

        Meanwhile, at the center of the garden for the 
royal trees,
Tsunami sat
in front of her tree.  Her hair was a mess, her robes were 
undone, there
was a puddle of something forming between her legs, clear 
goo covered
her left hand and trailed down her arm, but she looked VERY 
content with
herself.

Vegeta: Oh GROSS!
Zechs: I'm sorry. I didn't need that image.
Ryga: Is this supposed to be arousing? Cause it's not. 
Ryoko: That's 'cause you've got taste, Ryga.
Vegeta: Unlike the author!

        "That was FUN!!" cheerfully thought Tsunami. "I 
can't believe I
never thought about doing this before." She then licked her 
cum off of
her hand, and reentered her tree.

Vegeta: All together now...
All: SICK!

###########################################################
############

BACK ON EARTH.

        Fragments of broken glass lay on the floor, from 
all of the
shattered windows.  Nobuyuki's camera lens was cracked, as 
was his
glasses.  Mihoshi still was crouched
down, covering her ears and face.  Yosho was just wearing a 
mangled
piece of metal on his face, for that was all that was left 
of his
spectacles.  Washu's computer had a large fissure going 
down the
monitor.  Ryo-oh-ki uncurled her ears, Ryoko and Ayeka 
tried to stop the
ringing in their heads, and Tenchi checked to see if he 
still had the
ability to hear.

Ryoko: This is what happens when you leave the tea on to 
boil too long!

        And where was Sasami?  The second princess of Jurai 
lay in the
center of the room.  Both of her pigtails had come out of 
their buns she
tied them in before she went to sleep.  Her pajamas were 
stained near
the bottom, with a warm, sticky, fluid that could only be 
her dew of
passion.  And aside from being very worn out, she looked 
very, VERY
happy with the whole situation.


Zechs: I find that hard to believe.
Ryga: She was an unwitting participant in the whole thing!
Vegeta: I don't know about you, but losing control of my 
body like that would scare the piss out of me!
Ryoko: You ain't the only one. 

        Tenchi was the first one to speak.  "Washu, do you 
think it's
over?"

Ryga: What MORE could happen?!

        "Yes it is, Tenchi." replied Washu.  "Whatever it 
was, it has
now run its course, and is finally over."

Vegeta: Oh, you wish. You wish.
Ryoko: If Tsunami keeps that up, she'll go blind.
Ryga: I blame it all on Shinji Ikari. It's his fault, for 
that disturbing scene in the End of Evangelion!
Zechs: All I know is, I have a girlfriend, and I'm going to 
go to her and beg forgiveness for even having seen this.
Vegeta: Hell, I'm just going home.

        Sasami then sat up, and wiped some of the sleep 
from her eyes. 
With a cute smile she stated, "Whatever it was, I hope that 
it happens
again! ^_^"

All: Facefault.

And to all, a good face-fault.

All: Groan.

THE END.

All: HOORAY!

AUTHOR'S COMMENTS:

Vegeta: Uh-oh. The author is going to defend his work.
Ryga: You mean, he can?!
Ryoko: No, but let's listen anyway. 
Zechs: Yes. It'll make stepping on him with the Epyon so 
much more appealling.

I'VE POURED GASOLINE ALL OVER MY BODY, SO DON'T FLAME ME!!! 
O_O

Vegeta summons a ki ball, smiling: Who, me?

Now that I got that out of the way, I wish to defend my Fan 
Fic.

Vegeta: The dragon cannot grant your wish. Sorry.

Weather you like it or not.

Vegeta: Weather. Hmm. Ryoko?
Ryoko: Weather's fine. Fair skies, mild breeze, high of 72.

Wow, my first lemon. . .  And it's (kind of) funny.

Ryga: If by funny, you mean odors, I'd have to agree. It 
stinks.

  I don't know when I
decided to make this a lemon.  It just CAME to me all of a 
sudden.  >_<

Zechs: Sorry. Not even worthy of a rimshot.

Yes, I know that this is a Sasami lemon, and that everyone 
says that
they all should be burned in some great funeral pyre, with 
their
writers.

Vegeta: Go no further. I'll be happy to oblige!
Ryoko: I have the gasoline.
Zechs: No need. The author is covered in the stuff, 
remember?
Ryga: I can light it. Just give the word.

  Hey, I hated "In The Carrot Patch" (sorry, don't know the
writer's name.  But it is rumored that some other Fan Fic 
writers us his
name as an alternative to cursing now) as much as the next 
guy, but I
tried something different (I hope) from the usual 'Sasami-
Lemon-Fic'.

Zechs: It's different all right. Sicko!

If you paid attention, you would have realized that I 
didn't make this
the usual "Oh my god!!  That was sick AND perverted!!!"

Zechs: You're so lucky you aren't a little wooden boy.

 lemon Fan Fic.
I tried to make this one kind of cute.  ^_^

Vegeta: You failed miserably, hentai.

. . . . . .  I should be worried, shouldn't I.  -_-;

Vegeta (grins): I think he's catching on!
Ryoko: About time.


Well, if you still hate it so much then do a MST on it.

Vegeta: As you can see, it's been taken care of.

  I certainly
won't stop you. 

Ryoko: Because you can't.

 In fact you could do the same for ALL of my Fan Fiction
stories, and I won't stop you.  Go ahead, make my day!

Ryga: Uh-oh. Sounds like a challenge.

Just remember, I can also do an MST of a MST.  BWA-HA-HA-
HA-HA!!!!!!!

Vegeta: GOOD LUCK!
Ryga: Could he really do it?
Zechs: Sure. He COULD.
Ryoko: The question is, have we offended him enough that he 
would MST our MST?
Vegeta: Oh, I certainly hope so!

Oh, by the way.  I've finally found an answer for why there 
are so many
Sasami lemons, but no Nobuyuki lemons.  Sasami is the 
cutest 'humanoid'
character in the series, and gains some sexual attention 
from some
respectable Fan Fic writers (You know who you are.), and 
MOST
non-respectable Fan Fic writers (Same thing. You know who 
you are.).
Weather you like it or not, Sasami is cute, sweet, and more 
desirable
then MOST people would like to admit.

Weber-san: I'll agree that Sasami is cute and sweet. But 
desireable? Seek help.

Nobuyuki is another story entirely.  Being a pervert is not 
the problem,
if perversion was a problem then there would be no lemon 
Fan Fic,
right?  The problem is that Nobuyuki looks, and acts like a 
Japanese
version of 'Homer Simpsion'.  And if you get the English 
dubbed versions
of the Tenchi Muyo series he even SOUNDS like him.  Also 
here's
something to consider; Who in their right mind would want 
to see
Nobuyuki having sex?  Just a thought.

Weber-san: I didn't say I wanted to see that. But, in 
answer to your question, there is one person. Achika.
 So there!

Oh well, until next time.  Adidas!
Peter Suzuki.

Weber-san: The successful MST of a Sasami Lemon comes to a 
close.

>From off screen, we hear a small girl's voice, "Brother, 
tell me the story about the magical princess again."
Weber-san, "I do this for her, and all the other kids like 
her. On my way, sis!"

Until we MST again!
