

	Our faithful cast:

	Rhjamiz Mnementh

	Lina Inverse (she came back anyway ^_^)
	
	Qualmi

	Washu Hakubi

	And our newest members:

	Ryoko Hakubi-Masaki
	
	Sachi "Stoopy" McGraw
	
	Joe aka "Pop"



	At the R&R room in the back of the theater:

	
	(We find our cast relaxed, Washu-chan at one table interviewing 
the new cast members, Stoopy, Pop, and Ryoko, and Rhjamiz, Lina, and 
Qualmi currently engaged in a game of poker)

	Rhjamiz: Well, all I have is three-of-a-kind.
	Lina: Hah! Straight!
	Qualmi: Royal Flush.
	(Rhjamiz and Lina face-fault)
	Lina: HEY! THAT'S THE FOURTH TIME IN A ROW!
	(Author Intrusion: "I've never played poker." ^_^;;)
	Qualmi: Luck?
	Rhjamiz: Luck my foot.
	Qualmi: Ah, pay up.
	(Rhjamiz tosses a five-dollar bill on the table, and Lina tosses 
in a brooch of some kind that looks semi-expensive)
	Qualmi: Call it quits then?
	Rhjamiz: Yeah, I'm just about broke.
	Lina: Yeah, quits.
	
	At the other table:

	Washu: So, all you have to do now is sign these papers. (Washu-
chan puts a tall stack of papers on the table, and Stoopy, Pop and Ryoko 
face-fault)
	Ryoko: Oh, come on! I'm your daughter for cryin' out loud!
	Stoopy: By the time I finish these, the MST will be finished!
	Pop: Yeah, well, let's get started.
	Ryoko: Ah, fuck it, I'm outta here! (Ryoko teleports off)
	Washu: So much for one new cast member...
	(Rhjamiz steps up)
	Rhjamiz: Hey, Washu, couldja step on it? We've got ourselves a new 
lemon fic to MST! (holds up a ticket stub)
	Washu(reading the stub): No Need For Permission - Part 2. Sounds 
like another lesbian fic.
	Rhjamiz: ^___^ Yeah, well, whatever it turns out to be is fine 
with me.
	Washu: Yeah, whatever floats your boat.
	Lina: Then let's go.

	(All walk out, Washu and the new members bringing up the rear)

	(Scene - A new theater, since Lina blew up the other one [Lina: 
Sorry!])

	Our cast members take their seats, in the following order: 

	=Joe, Qualmi, Rhjamiz, Lina, Washu, Stoopy=

	
	Rhjamiz: I hope this one is good. The other one was kinda boring.
	Lina: Yeah, well, it better not be any lesbian sex. You had enough 
during the last MSTing we did.
	Rhjamiz: Hmph.

	(The screen flickers to life)

	>NO NEED FOR PERMISSION - PART 2

	Rhjamiz: Everybody needs permission!
	
	>Ayeka's fists were so tightly clenched that 

	Rhjamiz: Her hands fell off.
	Qualmi: Her muscles locked up.
	Stoopy: She squirmed.
	Pop: Her fingernails broke.

	>she had drawn blood. 

	Rhjamiz: Oh, well...

	>Four red crescents oozed on each palm. Her hands were covering 
her face now, and her tears made the blood thin and pink. 

	Qualmi: Thin pink tears! Buy them today at your local grocery 
store!
	Lina: You idiot! The blood is thin and pink!
	Qualmi: Huh?
	Lina: Ugh... "the tears made the blood thin and pink"!! Pay 
attention!!
	Qualmi: Well EXCUUUUUSE ME!

	>She could still hear them going at it. 

	Rhjamiz: Who going at what?
	Qualmi: Washu going at Tenchi?
	Washu: Now wait just a minute!
	Lina: I think Ryoko is going at Tenchi.

	>Muffled pants, creaks and cries from Tenchi's room. 

	Lina: Well, SOMEBODY'S going at Tenchi.
	Washu: It'd better be my daughter!

	>She told herself she hated them both, but she knew that wasn't 
true. She was just 

	Pop: Mad. Really, really mad.
	Qualmi: I would be too if I was Ayeka. Thank God I'm not.
	Rhjamiz: GO RYOKO!

	>jealous, 

	Pop: Jealous, of course.

	>and what was worse, 

	Rhjamiz: Sasami was jealous too!
	Washu: Don't bring Sasami into this!
	Rhjamiz: Sorry.

	>she was smart enough to know it.

	Rhjamiz: Ayeka's smart?

	(Enter the folley of logs)

	*KKRRAAAAKKAAZAAKAAZAKKK*

	Rhjamiz: Oww.. pain.. cannot feel.. face..

	>She rolled over and buried her face in her pillow, muffling a 
scream. Meanwhile, 

	Washu: Ryoko and Tenchi were madly fucking each other! (mad laugh)
	Rhjamiz: (looking over at Washu) Will she be okay?
	Stoopy:(shrugging) Maybe.
	Lina: I don't think so.

	>Tenchi and Ryoko were having a grand old time. 

	Rhjamiz(sarcastic): Wonder what kind of time...
	Washu: A mad, fucking time!
	Qualmi: A night a pure unconditional love, but not sex!
	Rhjamiz: You okay, Qualmi?
	Qualmi: Just fine.
	
	>He had her bent over the end of his bed and was ramming her from 
behind. 

	Pop: With what? A battering ram?
	Lina: That was just a sick thought..
	Pop: Yeah, well, it should say..
	Qualmi: You should be smart enough to know what he's ramming her 
with! You have one!
	Pop:(looks down) Aw, hell..
	Lina: I'm surrounded by idiots..

	>For her part, she loved it, and howled uncontrollably. Her warm 
inner walls gripped Tenchi's manhood even as her juices trickled down 
her thighs. 

	Rhjamiz(O_O): Whoa! Mental picture--SAVED!
	Qualmi: For her part... of course for her part!
	Pop: I didn't know girls had inner walls...
	Rhjamiz: You don't know much, Pop.
	
	>"Tenchi-i-i-i~!!" she cried through clenched teeth, 

	Rhjamiz(Ryoko): I think you can stop now!!
	Pop(Tenchi): Hell no, woman!
	Rhjamiz(Ryoko): AHHH, STOOOPP!
	Pop(Tenchi): You've been hitting on me for God knows how long, so 
here's all the fucking you wanted!
	Lina: GOD DAMNIT POP! DON'T SUBMIT TO THE IDIOCY!	
	Pop: Why not?
	Lina: Grrr..
	Rhjamiz & Qualmi: Uh oh.. (scrambles)
	Lina: FIREBALL!
	
	*VRREEEEEE-KA-BOOM*

	Pop:(no longer visible)..*I see*..

	>drawing it out. "I'm comi-i-i-i-ng!!" And come she did, screaming 
loudly as Tenchi uttered a scream of his own behind her, coming as well. 
His hot seed filled her, and 

	Rhjamiz: And she died, right then and there!
	Washu: HEY! Are you making fun of MY Ryoko-chan?!
	Rhjamiz: Why, yes, I am...
	Washu:(pulls a big-ass mallet out of nowhere and stands up in her 
seat) DIE, DRAGON! 

	*TH-WAP*
	
	Rhjamiz(*_*): Owww...

	>she gasped. It took them awhile to slow down. "Ryoko..." he 
panted. "I have to admit... 

	Rhjamiz(Tenchi): That's a really baggy pussy you've got there...
	Washu: AAAAHHH?!?!?! WHAAT?!?!?!
	Ryoko:(appearing out of nowhere) WHAT DID YOU SAY?!??!?!
	Rhjamiz: SOMEBODY HELP MEEEE!

	>I was stupid not to see the light sooner." She only grinned. "The 
others can't be as happy as you seem to be..." she said thoughtfully. 
Tenchi nodded his agreement, catching his breath quickly. "I'm good for 
another round, if you're game." he said thoughtfully, though Ryoko could 
hear 

	Qualmi: A snapping sound...
	Pop: An explosion from far away...
	Rhjamiz: Tenchi wishing he had fucked Ayeka instead..
	Ryoko: (through clenched teeth) Rhjaamizz..
	Rhjamiz: Yes?
	
	*VREEEEE-BOOM*

	Rhjamiz: (in a pile of chairs on the other side of the theater 
sputtering nonunderstandable syllables)

	>a grin in his tone. "Are you kidding?" came her reply, and she 
had to bury her face in a pillow to muffle a giggle as Tenchi 

	Qualmi: Pulled out a feather and started mercilessly tickling 
Ryoko to death!! MWAHAHAHAHAHA!
	Pop: Tickling, YEAH!
	Rhjamiz: Those two can act dumber than me sometimes..
	Lina: You had to tell us that? And when did you crawl out of those 
chairs?!
	Rhjamiz: I'm a weredragon, I flew.
	Lina: Huh? When?
	Rhjamiz: Just now.
	Lina: Just now? How come I didn't notice?
	Rhjamiz: I was going tenfold a normal human's speed.
	Lina: I.. suppose that makes sense.

	>entered her again.  Around the same time, Ayeka was finishing a 
short cry, and sat ramrod straight 	
	
	Lina: Ramrod straight? How the hell do you sit ramrod straight?
	Washu: Don't ask me.
	Lina: Well, I am!
	Washu(>_<): Well, I don't know!!

	>in bed with her legs out in front of her.

	Rhjamiz: Where else would her legs be?
	Lina: They could've been BEHIND her.
	Rhjamiz: Well, if you put it in THAT tone of voice...

	>She was lost in her thoughts. Thoughts about 

	Pop: Piggies.
	Qualmi: Puppy-dogs.
	Rhjamiz: Last week's topic of Jerry Springer.
	Washu, Lina, and Ryoko: Huh? Jerry?
	Stoopy: American talk show.
	Rhjamiz: Talk show my foot! Jerry Springer is a f-beeeep-king 
battleground! HEY! Who the f-beeeeep-k turned the censors on?!
	Washu: Not me, and I can't turn them off.
	Rhjamiz: F-bbeeeep-k!
	Jerry: It was me!! HAHAHAHAHAHA!
	Rhjamiz: Kill the f-beeep-king b-beeep-rd!
	(All MSTers, except Stoopy and Washu, attack Jerry Springer)
	Rhjamiz: (speaking to newly-formed-blob-Jerry) That'll teach you 
to mess with Rhjamiz Mnementh and Lina Inverse! HAHAHAHAHA!
	Lina: HAHAHAHAHA!
	Rhjamiz & Lina: HAHAHAHAHA!
	

	>Tenchi. 

	Rhjamiz: Hey, we were way off from before..
	Lina: We usually are, Rhjamiz..

	>She closed her eyes, and when she did so her thoughts lost much 
of their purity. Her breathing quickened, and she felt a warmth between 
her legs. 

	Pop(weatherman): And right off the coast on Ayeka's inner thigh, 
we see a massive buildup of warmth. This could mean extreme moisture in 
the air tonight, unless worked out by the magical fingers of God.
	Lina: Ugh! Puh-leeze!
	
	>Almost unconsciously, 

	Rhjamiz: Unconsciously? Doesn't Caligula-sama mean 
"involuntarily?"
	Washu: Most likely.
	Lina: Why do you Caligula-*sama*?
	Rhjamiz: Basic respect?
	Lina: I suppose.. but for writing this lemon he should be shot.
	Rhjamiz: Are you absolutely positively one-hundred percent sure 
that Caligula is male?
	Lina: Only a man could've written this..
	Rhjamiz: I dunno, I could write a pretty good lemon fic.. between 
two *heterosexuals* too!
	Lina: Wanna put money on that?!
	Rhjamiz: You're on!

	>she slid her hand down there, one finger tracing the outline of 
her virgin slit through her panties. She gasped, realizing what she was 
doing, and was suddenly afraid that Tenchi would step in and see her 
touching herself. 

	Stoopy: Oh, like he's gonna mind...
	Qualmi: Tell me about it. He just fucked Ryoko!
	Ryoko: He did? (faints)
	Washu:(looking over the back of her seat at Ryoko) She's out like 
a light.
	Lina: Good. We don't need her.
	Washu: What?!
	Lina: Well, sorry, but, it's true!
	Washu(>_<): Grrrr..

	>Then she bit her lip, remembering that Tenchi was quite occupied. 

	Rhjamiz, Qualmi, and Pop: Uh-duh-duh-duh-duuuuhh!! 

	>Sasami was cooking, and wouldn't return until after everyone had 
eaten. She had time... privacy... and, she reminded herself with a 
pitiful little moan,

	Rhjamiz: That she was a whiny little bitch.

	(A folley of logs appear out of nowhere, particularly crowded 
around Rhjamiz, and Qualmi and Lina scramble)

	*KKKAAZZZAKAKAKAKAKA*

	Rhjamiz(*_*): Eeegggh, urrhh...
	Pop:(takes the note of one of the logs) Hmm... (reads it 
aloud)"Insult me again, and face the consequences. -Ayeka-san" Hmm.. 
sounds serious.
	Qualmi & Lina: (taking their seats) Yeah! Y'think?!

	>the need. 

	Qualmi: For hunger.
	Pop: For pedophiles.
	Rhjamiz & Qualmi: I THINK NOT!
	Stoopy: For food?
	Washu: You'll catch on to what they're doing.
	Lina:(through clenched teeth) Making me MAD!

	>Her finger pressed harder against the moistened fabric of her 
panties, and she found herself lying back, massaging her pussy. It felt 

	Rhjamiz: Perfect.
	Qualmi: Weird.
	Lina: Senseless.
	Pop: Funny.
	Stoopy: Antidisestablishmentarianism.
	Others: Huh?
	Stoopy: (shrugs) I dunno.. couldn't find an adjective fast 
enough..

	>good... very good... but it wasn't enough.

	Rhjamiz: Nothing's good enough for Ayeka..

	(Enter folley of logs)

	Rhjamiz: IF YOU SHOCK ME ONE MORE FUCKING TIME WITH THE LOGS HERE, 
I'LL KILL YOU!

	(Disappear folley of logs)

	Rhjamiz: (grumbling) I thought so..
	
	>She pulled the fabric aside, and touched her bare flesh, 
shivering at the sudden shock of pleasure. Then she gently brushed a 
finger over her clit, and couldn't help but cry out. She didn't realize 
until too late that she had been heard.

	Lina: Heard? By who?!
	Rhjamiz: Well, if it was Tenchi or Ryoko, I don't think they 
really care.
	Pop: Yeah, and I don't think they could hear her anyway, they're 
fucking so loud.
	Qualmi: I think they're trying to keep from screaming too loudly.
	Rhjamiz: Yeah well, I don't see why he should fuck her that hard.
	Stoopy: WHEN DID THE SUBJECT CHANGE?!
	Rhjamiz, Qualmi, & Lina: When Pop spoke up.
	Pop: HEY!
	Stoopy: Oh..

	>Ayeka's timid masturbation was nothing compared to Tenchi and 
Ryoko's third go-round of the evening. Ryoko, Tenchi's cock planted deep 
in her ass, let out a long,

	Rhjamiz: SCREEEAAM, BECAUSE THAT SOUNDS SOOOO PAINFUUUL!
	Washu: Oh, how would you know, ya lesbian?!	
	Lina: Why can't they just be normal people and fuck the right 
way?!
	Qualmi: I DON'T CARE HOW THEY FUCK!
	Pop: I do! (>_<)
	Rhjamiz: Ooooh..(shudders, imitating the hyenas off of Lion King) 
It tiiinglesss me..
	Qualmi: That's even scarier.

	>gutteral groan as he came yet again inside her. Tenchi, for his 
part, 

	Rhjamiz: SPONTANEOUSLY COMBUSTED!
	Lina: Oh no, not the spontaneous combustion...
	Qualmi: Buurrrn baby burn!
	Rhjamiz & Qualmi(singing): Disco Inferno! Burrrn baby burn!
	Washu: QUIET!

	>grunted most uncharacteristically, and held her close, staying 
inside her until he had caught his breath. Then, almost reluctantly, 

	Rhjamiz: RYOKO SPONTANEOUSLY COMBUSTED!
	Washu: WHAT?! (draws a huge mallet)
	Rhjamiz: Hey, I remember that--

	*TH-WAP*

	Rhjamiz(*_*):...mallet...
	Washu: Hmph! That'll teach you to speak of my daughter like that!

	>he pulled out and flopped down on the bed. Ryoko seemed tired as 
well,

	Qualmi: Gee, y'think?

	> and collapsed beside him. Thankfully, neither she nor Tenchi had 
heard Ayeka. Someone else, surely. "I've got to get a shower before 
supper," Tenchi thought out loud. 

	Lina(Tenchi): Oops, spoke my mind again.
	(Rhjamiz giggles)

	>Ryoko smiled, cupping his balls in her hand. "I'll join you." she 
said, her smile becoming a grin. "Not as tired as you look, eh?" Tenchi 
muttered, letting out a sigh. "I'd love to, believe me, but I'm

	Rhjamiz: Waiting for someone decent to fuck..
	Ryoko:(now out of unconsciousness) WHAT DID YOU SAY?!
	Rhjamiz: Ahh, no, no, no!!
	
	*TH-WAP*
	*BONK*

	Rhjamiz(*_*): Washu.. *you cheater*..

	>worn out." Ryoko frowned at that. "But," Tenchi added.

	Qualmi(Tenchi): We can go pick on Ayeka!
	
	(A familiar folley of logs appears, and Pop and Rhjamiz scramble 
this time, barely avoiding the

	*KKRAAAZKAAAAKAAA*

	that flew from each log)

	Qualmi: Uuugh...
	(Rhjamiz and Pop take their seats)

	> "We'll sleep together, literally and otherwise, tonight." Ryoko 
smiled again, and then the two of them were off to get cleaned up for 
dinner.

	Lina: Literally and otherwise? I don't get it.
	Qualmi: I don't think anyone does but Caligula-sama.
	Rhjamiz: Oh well.

	>Yosho, 

	All: NO! NOT YOSHO!

	>Tenchi's grandfather and Ayeka's half-brother, sat in the living 
room doing something he almost never did.

	Rhjamiz: Gave up swordfighting?
	Pop: Decided to propose to Ayeka?
	Others: YUCK!
	Qualmi: Maybe he's eating cheesesticks.
	Rhjamiz: Cheesesticks.. (drools)
	Washu: Working on a chemical formula for me? Nah.
	Stoopy: Watching TV for all I care.

	>He was watching television. 

	(All look at Stoopy)
	Stoopy: WHAT?! IT WAS A GUESS!
	Pop: Suuurree..
	Lina: Uh-huh.

	>"Blah, blah, blah..." he said to the TV, disgusted. "What 
garbage." With that, he clicked it off, and the room went silent...

	Qualmi(Yosho): Aw hell, everybody must be off fucking again..

 	>for about five seconds. Then a shrill scream, which he recognised 
as belonging to Ayeka, sheared through the air. Yosho was up and running 
in a second. What he saw, when he reached Ayeka's room, shocked him. His 
half-sister, his one-time betrothed, the young girl he still loved 
enough to watch over, was... fingering herself.

	All: AAAUUGHH!
	Rhjamiz: Of all the people to catch her!!!
	Pop: It had to be her half-brother!!
	Washu: Her betrothed!
	Stoopy: ..YOSHO!..
	Others: AAAHHHH!

	>His jaw dropped, but he didn't say a word. Ayeka, her eyes shut 
tight, was rubbing away at herself with

	Rhjamiz: A cattle prod..
	All the girls: RHJAMIZ!
	Rhjamiz: (sheepishly) Sorry..

	>a vigor he had never seen in her, squirming and squeaking as she 
came. 
	
	Stoopy: Came? where?
	Rhjamiz: C'mon Stoopy, activate brain.
	Stoopy:(pauses) AAUUGHH!
	Rhjamiz: Atta girl. ^_^

	>Panting, she finally stopped, letting her fingertips tickle her 
tiny bud 

	Pop: Tiny bud.. huh huh..
	Qualmi: Heh.. buudd..
	Rhjamiz: (buries her face in her hand) Oh lord..
	
	>one last time, and shivering as she opened her eyes... to see an 
old man, standing in the doorway, watching her with eyes like dinner 
plates.

	All: EWWWWWW! OLD MAN!
	Rhjamiz: Wait... isn't the Yosho form a bit... younger?
	Pop: If he's old, he should be addressed as Katsuhito-sama.
	Lina: Well, this is just sickening me. I don't care what form he's 
in, it's just sick!

	>She didn't recognise him right away, and of course, she screamed. 
"Ayeka! What... Uh..." Yosho didn't know what to say. Ayeka, finally 
recognising him, turned blood red and looked down. "I... I..." was all 
she could manage. She looked up at Yosho again, and this time she saw 
him as he had left her. Young as she, and handsome. It was an illusion, 
of course, but it didn't fade right away, and Ayeka felt the hear 
returning to that spot between her thighs.

	Rhjamiz: The hear? 
	Washu: There's an ear down there?!
	Lina: SICK!
	Qualmi: I think it's a typo. I think "heat" is meant.
	Pop: Yeah.

	>"Brother, I..." 

	Rhjamiz(Ayeka): Brother, let's fuck.
	Qualmi(Yosho): Okay! ^_^

	(A folley of logs appears, and Rhjamiz and Qualmi scramble, 
dodging the ever-familiar  

	*KKRAAAZAAAKKAAAAZAKK*

	that ripped through the air, and climb back in their seats)

	>she lowered her eyelids in an almost coy gesture. Despite 
himself, Yosho felt his member growing erect.

	Lina: Ughh.. sickness..
	Washu: Yes, I agree..
	Rhjamiz: I think even I am gonna be sick..
	Lina: Well, if you're sick, the world is dead.. it takes you 
forever to be sickened.
	Rhjamiz: Dragons are tough! (grinning boldly)
	Lina: Uh-huh.

	>"Ayeka... I've grown old... Surely..." But the way she was 
looking at him made him stop. He began wondering, 

	Qualmi(Yosho): Should I really sicken the audience further?
	Others: NO!
	Qualmi(Yosho): 'Nuff said.

	>couldn't it be as it should have been? Must he really disguise 
himself so? He had shown his true face to his mother...

	Pop: And she ran and hid..
	Rhjamiz: Poor Funaho, giving birth to such a hentai freak..	
	Qualmi: Poor Asuza!! UGH! To have a SON like that!

 	>could he not show it to Ayeka as well? Could he not love her 
again, and she him? Her eyes said that this was right. Almost instantly, 
Yosho stood there exactly as Ayeka had expected to find him when she had 
first come to this planet. She shrieked,

	Rhjamiz(Ayeka): Oh my GOD, Yosho! You're hideous!
	Qualmi(Yosho): Well, lawnmowers here on Earth are a bit rabid..
	Rhjamiz(Ayeka): Well, have Tenchi mow the lawn! But let's fuck!
	Qualmi(Yosho): Okay! ^_^
	Lina: That joke is getting old..
	Washu: 5.. 4.. 3.. 2.. 1..

	(Enter folley of logs)

	*KKRRAAAKAAAZAAKAAKAAKAA*

	Qualmi & Rhjamiz: ..*holy hell*..

	>and stared at him. "Yosho... it... it's you..." she stammered, 
making no move to cover herself. 

	Rhjamiz: Oh puh-leeze, cover yerself!
	Qualmi(The Red Guy from 'Cow and Chicken', first used by The 
Psychomatic Poet ^_^): Ahhh! I'm blind, I'm buh-linndd!

	>Yosho nodded. "Do you think..." he began. "...that this is how it 
should have been?", 

	Lina: Hell no!

	>and she nodded in reply. For several minutes they just stared, 
neither one knowing what to say. 

	Stoopy: Well, I know what to say! This is sickening me!
	Lina: Sickening *you*? What about *us*?!
	Stoopy: Yeah, well surely you guys have seen more than one lemon.
	Rhjamiz: No Need For Seductiiiioonn...
	Qualmi: Oh brother.

	>Then Ayeka blushed all over again, and stretched out on the bed. 
"Yosho...", she whispered. "Please..." she looked up at him with wide 
eyes. "Make love to me..." The sight of her, in all her royal beauty, 

	Pop: Would make anyone sick! (cowers under his seat now, expecting 
a folley of logs to appear)
	
	(Nothing happens; Pop returns to his seat)

	>now grown up and so terribly lonely, was more than Yosho could 
bear. Smiling faintly, he shed his clothing, and stood there, fully 
erect, before her. 

	Pop: He was erect *before* her?!
	Qualmi: Ayeka has a cock too?!
	Pop & Qualmi: AHHHHH!
	
	*KKKRAAAZAAAKAAAKAA*
	
	(Rhjamiz plucks a note off a new log, and reads it aloud)
	
	Rhjamiz: Haha, caught you off-guard, didn't I? -Ayeka-san. 
(laughs)
	Qualmi: Not very funny!

	>She smiled again, slowly parting her thighs for him, revealing 
her shaven pussy, still very wet. Slowly, he crept up onto the bed, and 
stretched out over top of her, 

	Pop: Preventing her from breathing!!
	Qualmi(Ayeka): AHHHH!
	Stoopy: I did *not* want to see that...

	>leaning into a deep kiss, their tongues caressing eachother. He 
cupped one of her breasts in his hand and she gasped, 

	Rhjamiz(Ayeka): Oh, Yosho, you pig! Get offa me, I changed my 
mind!
	
	>closing her eyes as his fingers gently pinched her nipple. One of 
her hands touched his chest, and slid down to his waist, pausing just 
below, and then her fingers curled around his cock and he let out a hard 
sigh. 

	Washu: Hard cock, hard sigh. (cackles)
	Rhjamiz: That was sick, Washu.

	*TH-WAP*

	Washu: Washu-CHAN!
	Rhjamiz: (with a huge bump on her head) That was sick.. Washu-
CHAN!
	Washu:(smiles innocently)

	>"Don't make me wait..." she breathed, looking up into his purple 
eyes. "I've waited centuries already...", and she gently guided his cock 
toward her opening. With a grunt, he thrust it into her, forging right 
past the slight resistance met inside. She gasped, and but her lip 
against the pain, a small gout of blood staining the sheet under her, 
and then there was nothing but the pleasure of being all around him, of 
having him within her.

	Rhjamiz(Vader): I have you now... Ayeka...
	
	*KKKRAAAZAAAKAAAKAA*

	Rhjamiz: Uughh..

	(Note)
	Hahaha, I have you covered! ~Ayeka-san

	>He went slowly, sliding in and out of her with a steady rhythm, 
but she loved it, and squirmed gently, cooing like an infant. Her eyes 
closed again, and when she opened them again, it was in shock. The most 
powerful orgasm of her life took her in that instant, and shook her 
violently. Even as she came, so did Yosho, his panting finally ending in 
a grunt as he tensed, and then exploded, 

	Rhjamiz: Leaving a bloody mess upon the walls, and Ayeka too.
	Qualmi: Ouch, that must have been some tight cunt...
	Lina: YOU GUYS!
	Rhjamiz & Qualmi: SORRY!

	>filling her. She screamed,

	Pop: Yeah, I'd scream too if I'd just been filled with blood and 
internal organs!!

	>and lifted her hips toward him, pulling him down into her hard 
and gripping his cock, milking it with her inner walls. They both slept 
that way, 

	Rhjamiz: Kinda painful if you want to turn over, huh?
	Lina: Shut. Up. Rhjamiz.
	
	>in eachother's arms, and neither of them answered the call to 
supper.

	Qualmi: (looks down) I wonder...
	
	*KA-WAP*

	Rhjamiz: (rubbing her hand) Don't think like that around me!!

	> (To be continued?) 

	Lina: It's over?
	Washu: Good! 
	Stoopy: Yeah, I'm outta here!

	(All MSTers meet back in the R&R room, and Rhjamiz, Qualmi, Lina, 
and Pop start a new game of poker, while Washu pleads Stoopy to stay, 
and that the lemon wasn't really all that bad ^_^)

	Rhjamiz: HAH! Royal Flush!
	Qualmi: How did you--
	Rhjamiz: I caught on to your little illusion trick! (flips the 
cards, and they turn into one poor hand.
	Pop: That means you really lost...
	Lina: (glares at Qualmi) I WANT MY MONEY BACK!
	Qualmi: Sorry, no refunds.
	Lina: REFUND THIS! FIREBALL!
	
	*VRREEEEE-KA-BOOM*

	(Rhjamiz and Pop close their eyes as the backwinds kick up, 
blowing the cards and most of Rhjamiz and Qualmi's American money off 
the table, as well as some of Lina's yen)
	(Now that the winds have stopped, all open their eyes again, only 
to see a huge hole in the west wall)
	Rhjamiz: You REALLY gotta learn to control that temper of yours, 
Lina.
	Lina: (sighs) I know...
	
	
	

