I love this story and I was bored, so I desired to MST it. ----Clayton 
Overstreet

Msters
Clayton Overstreet
Ryoko Masaki
Tenchi Masaki
Washu (In her adult form)
Gene Starwind
Aisha Clan-clan

Washu: What am I doing here?
Clayton: Between Ryoko and Tenchi making out in here and them doing the same 
in the fics, Aeka refused to come back, especially for one this long
Ryoko: How long is it?
Clayton: It's a four parter so it's like a hundred pages
Gene: Do we get bathroom breaks?
Clayton: Sure
Aisha: How about food?
Clayton: All you can eat
Tenchi: This isn't a lemon is it?
Clayton: No, I don't do those. No challenge in it


Tenchi Muyo: Ryoko's Love Alpha!
Chapter 1A: A Friendly Wager

Gene: $50 says they make a bet

By  Long T. Tran
3/21/98


Disclaimer:


I don't own these characters, AIC/Pioneer owns them.

Clayton: Same goes for me and this MST
Washu: So you don't own us?
Clayton: Nope

I don't intend to make
money off this because I don't want to get a lawsuit.  I'm too poor for 
that.
But this is my story, so don't plagiarize!

Tenchi: Does this count?
Aisha: Nope, we leave it in tact with his name on it.

Author's Notes:


We are going retro a few years!  This chapter will start a year or two 
before
Yui's birth.

Clayton: Who's Yui?
Tenchi, Ryoko, and Washu: (Shrug)

>From this chapter on,  we will see as events unfold and gradually
shape the time line that'll head the Tenchi cast into Ryoko's Return Pt.2 .  
IN
other words, let's not worry about the year 2018,  and just enjoy brand new
series of stories.  (A prequel series to Ryoko's Love Prologue.)



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Washu: Uh oh, the story has flatlined

It's another beautiful day at the Okayama countryside, after a hard day's 
work
in the fields, Tenchi was on his way going up to his grandfather's shrine.

Gene: Is that all you do?
Tenchi: Basically

Tired, miffed, and exhausted, he walked up to the shrine's office door and
knocked.

"Yes, who is it?" Yosho asked through the door.

Ryoko: Who else comes there?

"Grandpa, I've finished working on the fields."  Tenchi said through the 
closed
door.

"Very good, Tenchi."

Gene: (As Yosho) Now here's your treat

"Is there anything else you want me to do?"

Clayton: Give the girls a spong bath
Ryoko and Gene: Yay!

"No, that will be all for now.  Why don't you go and wash up."

Clayton: Because if he stinks he won't have to pry the girls off himself
Tenchi: Why didn't I think of that
Ryoko: Cause I wuldn't care

"Alright." Tenchi replied.  Tenchi walks the way back to the Masaki House.

As Tenchi walked away from the shrine, Yosho was making sure that the coast 
was
clear.

Aisha: (As radio announces) On the coast it's a lovely 76 degrees and not a 
cloud in the sky

Ryoko was sitting across the table sipping her saucer of sake as quietly
as possible.  Yosho turned to her and grinned.

Washu: So this is a Yosho-Ryoko story
Ryoko: Mom, don't give them ideas

"I think it's safe for us to talk now, Ryoko."  Yosho said, sipping his cup 
of
tea.

"Thanks, Yosho, for taking the time to chat."

"My pleasure, Miss Ryoko.  Please continue what you're saying."

"Well, you know how much I'm attracted to your grandson."

All: No, we had no idea
Gene: (Picks up the phone) Hello Ripley's?

"Yes, I'm aware.  Are you going to ask for another blessing to marry
Tenchi?"

Tenchi: Been there, done that

"Oh no!  Uhh,...I was wondering, could you play a game of chess with me?" 
Ryoko
asked.

"Chess?" Yosho said, astonished.

Clayton: You can play chess?
Ryoko: I'm an expert... it's that one that looks like checkers and has the 
little horse right?
Washu: I have no daughter

"Yep!" Ryoko said happily.  She reached into her blue gossamer dress and 
pulled
out a wooden chess board.

Gene: Where did she hide it?
Aisha: I don't want to know

Having placed the board on the table in front of
Yosho, she waited for his response.

"Why do you want to play a game of chess with me?" he asked curiously.

"Well, I've only played this game once in my entire lifetime." Ryoko said. 
"I
just wanted to see how well I play up against you, you know, a challenge."

Clayton: I sense an alterior motive

<Hmm, I wonder...this could turn out very interesting.>

Gene: Only if she's invented strip chess
All the girls: (hit him)
Gene: Ow!

Yosho thought to
himself.  Yosho looked at the board and then faced Ryoko and smiled. <Does 
she
realize who she's up against?>

Washu: An old man slipping into seniliy

"Very well, let us begin."

"Oh yes!  Great!  Thank you Yosho!"  Ryoko exclaimed.

A half hour later...

Gene: Ryoko had no clothes on
Tenchi: Hey, she's married
Ryoko: Yeah (hugs Tenchi)
Aisha: So is he

Ryoko looked up at Yosho with growing frustration.  Things didn't turn out 
the
way she expected it to be.  Yosho was in his usual calm obviously focused on
his next move.

<I wanted a 'little' challenge but this is too much.>  Ryoko thought to 
herself
frowning.

Yosho made his move and slid his chess piece.  "Your move, Ryoko."  He said.

Ryoko slammed her piece and looked up at him.  "Checkmate!" Ryoko yelled.

"I don't understand this!"  Yosho said with disbelief.

Ryoko: (Holding an enlish to japanease dictionary) Hold on and I'll 
translate


"Yosho," Ryoko gasped  with a veiled hint of concern.  "That's the three
straight games you've lost in just a half hour.  Are you sure you've played 
this
game before?"

Tenchi: (Laughs)

"Yes.  I've been playing this game all my life."

Aisha: So the juraians brought chess to Earth?
Gene: He was there for seven hundred years

Yosho replied. "But,...I'm not
clear on one thing.  You said, you only played once?"

"Yes,  I swear!  I've only played this game one time."

"Then I have to admit, Ryoko.  You're a most superior player."

Washu: Of course she is, she's my daughter
Ryoko: I thought you had no daughter?
Washu: Oh shut up
Tenchi: So that's where Ryoko get's it (Is hit by both of them) Ow!

"Ok, thanks, I guess that's proof enough."  Ryoko smiled.

***

A few minutes later, at the Masaki house.  Aeka and Sasami were in the 
living
room watching a TV show when Ryoko suddenly materialized in front of Aeka's
view.

"Ryoko!" Aeka yelled angrily. "Would you please get out of the way!  I'm 
trying
to watch a soap opera!"

"Sorry to rain on your parade there, Princess."  Ryoko grinned. "But I have
something that might interest you."

Gene: Yay, it is a lemon!

"What can you possibly have that would interest me?"

Ryoko: If this is a lemon everyone dies
Others: (Scoot away)

"Well, this!"  Ryoko smiled and brought out the chess board from her blue 
dress.

Clayton: Washu, did you make that dress?
Washu: Maybe, I can't remember

"A chess board?" The princess paused momentarily and then frowned at Ryoko 
with
suspicion.  "What are you up to, this time?"

Gene: I'd say six foot two
Aisha: Seven if you include the hair

"Ohh...nothing really." She smirked. "Actually, I just wanted to find out if 
you
knew how to play chess."

"I didn't know you play chess, Ryoko." Sasami interrupted.

"I sure do, Sasami.  Do you know how to play?"

"No not really, but I'm willing to learn."  Said the little princess. Then
Sasami looked at her watch.  "Well, it's time for me to go cook.  I'll talk 
to
you later."

Tenchi: It's sad how often people do that to get Sasami out f the way

Ryoko watched as Sasami left the living room and disappeared into the 
kitchen
then she turned to Aeka.  "Well, princess.  Do you know how to play or don't
you?"

"I know how to play chess.  But I wouldn't play it against a monster woman 
like
you."

"Oh, is that right?!"  Ryoko growled.

"Yes, that's right!"

Clayton: (As Regis) Is that your final answer?

Ryoko quickly buried her anger towards Aeka and focused back to her original
objective and smiled.

"Ok, fine.  What if I were to offer you a small friendly wager?"

"What could you possibly offer?  I doubt that you have anything to wager on
except for your stupid dress tails."

Gene: About that, does Ryoko have a tail or not?
Washu: Yahbut she has Sayan DNA so on full moons it disapears unless she 
wants it to stay

"Even if it didn't involve Tenchi?"  Ryoko grinned deviously.

"What did you say?"  Aeka stunned and turned to Ryoko and gave her a 
threatening
gaze.  "I'm warning you Ryoko, you better not be planning anything."

Ryoko: (As Snidly Whiplash) My nefarious scheme has been discovered

"What's the matter, little girl?  Scared?  Frightened that I will get to 
Tenchi
before you can?"

Aisha: Justifiably so it seems
Tenchi: (Shrugs)

"I'm not intimidated by you, demon."  Aeka spoke undaunted.

"You are too much, Aeka!"  Ryoko laughed mockingly.

Washu: Ok, I'll drop three dollars off the price, but that's all

"What are you laughing about?  What's so funny?"

"You thought that I was going to get Tenchi by stealing him away from you?"

"Isn't that why you're here?  Isn't that what you have always been doing?"

Gene: Bit paranoid huh?

"Of course, that's why I'm here.  But to make things a little different and
interesting.  I'm going to try to get to him fair and square."

"You're joking right?  You?  Playing fair?   I find that very hard to 
believe."

"Well believe it, sister.  I won't be using any parlor tricks."

"I still doubt it.  Why the sudden change?"

"That's a good question in which I'll be more than happy to answer."

All: (Look at Ryoko) Well?
Ryoko: I got bored and this seemed like a good idea
***

An hour later, Tenchi contentedly arrived at the house after a needed 
bathing in
the floating onsen.  He smiled and thought contently about washing away all 
his
soreness from work; now, the only thing that bothered him was his hunger.

Aisha: I know the feeling

As Tenchi walked through the back door he immediately spotted Ryoko and Aeka
sitting around the living room table, their attention locked onto the chess
board.  Miraculously, the girls didn't notice his arrival.

Clayton: It's a miracle!
Ryoko: Halleluya!
Washu: Knock it off

Usually they would
greet him at the door and latch on to him, and when they grabbed him, a 
fight
between them would usually occur.  Whenever Ryoko and Aeka fought, Tenchi 
would
usually be the one stuck with the bill to repair the damages.

Gene: How? He has no job. His dad pays for everything
Washu: And I do all the repairs

Not wanting to ruin a perfect day, he decided not to disturb the girls.  
Heading
straight towards the kitchen to see what little Sasami was cooking up, he
discreetly walked through the kitchen door and savored the mouth watering 
aroma
of Sasami's fried noodles.

"Oh!  Hello Tenchi!" Sasami said, smiling happily while she fried a pan of
noodles.  The little toddler Ryo-ohki was at the kitchen counter helping 
sort
the vegetables on to a platter.

Washu: Don't let her get hair in the food!

Ryo-ohki turned around and greeted Tenchi.

"Hello, Ryo-ohki." Tenchi waved and then noticed that Mihoshi wasn't around 
to
help Sasami prepare the food.  "Where's Mihoshi?  I thought today was her 
day
off."  Tenchi asked Sasami.

Ryoko: She's probably asleep
Aisha: You're one to talk
Gene: So are you!
Clayton: I heard a rumor that Mihoshi was a super sayan

"The Galaxy Police Headquarters called her in for an emergency meeting,  
she'll
be back in a few days."  Sasami answered.

"Oh, I see."  Tenchi replied and thought about Ryoko and Aeka.  "Hey, 
Sasami?"

"Yes, Tenchi?"

"How long has it been since Ryoko and Aeka started playing chess?"  Tenchi
inquired.

"I think about an hour.  They've played about two games now.  Ryoko has 
beaten
Aeka in both matches."

"Who challenged whom?"

"Ryoko challenged Aeka."

"Really?"

"Yep."

"Why would Ryoko do that?"  Tenchi asked with even more curiosity.

Ryoko: Why is everyone suspicious of me?

"I think because she's bored.  At first Aeka refused to play when Ryoko 
offered.

"What changed her mind?"

"Ryoko made an offer Aeka couldn't refuse.

Tenchi: Horse head in the bed?

Actually, not an offer, something
more like a bet."

"Which is what?"

"If Aeka wins three out of five games of chess,  Ryoko will take on all the
chores for a month."

"Ryoko wagered to do ALL the chores?!"  Tenchi exclaimed with shock and
disbelief.

Ryoko: Hey!

"That's right."  Sasami replied as she poured the pan of noodles on to Ryo-
ohki's vegetable platter.

"For a whole entire month?!  What happens if Ryoko wins?"

Ryoko: Aeka has to dress like a chicken

"If Ryoko wins, she'll get one chance to play a game of chess with you."

"Oh Tenchi!"  Ryoko yelled out from the living room.  "Come  on into the 
living
room, Tenchi!

Gene: Time for strip chess!
Aisha: Gene...
Ryoko: No wait, I'll go along with that
Tenchi: (Blushes)

"Uh oh.  Why do I have a bad feeling about this?"

Clayton: Because of all the times Washu called you into her lab just like 
thaRibbit! Ribbit ribbit!
Washu: That's what you get

Tenchi sighed.  "I'm going to
go check and see what's up.  I'll see you later at dinner time."

"Alright, Tenchi.  Good luck.  I'm almost done with cooking, I'll be out
shortly."

Gene: I'd be pretty sick of cooking if I were her too

Tenchi walked out of kitchen and found Aeka walking up to her room looking 
very
defeated.  While Ryoko was resetting the chess pieces, Tenchi turned to Aeka
with concern.

"Are you feeling alright, Aeka?"

"I'm fine, Tenchi.  Go and talk to Ryoko,"  Aeka said, gloomily and 
continued on
her way.  "Call me whenever dinner's ready. In the meantime, I'll be in my
room."

"But Aeka-"

"Oh don't worry about her, Tenchi."  Ryoko interrupted.  "She'll get over 
her
defeat."

"Ryoko, you should be more considerate about Aeka's feelings."

Tenchi: Yeah!
Ryoko: (Snorts)

"I WAS being considerate, Tenchi!"  She whined playfully.

"In what way?"

"I allowed Aeka to go up to her room instead of forcing her to listen to me
gloat about my victory."

Ryoko: Happy now
Tenchi: It'll do

"Oh jeez, Ryoko." He exasperated.

Aisha: Can a human do that?
Clayton: He is part alien
Washu: I'll have to do some tests later
Tenchi: (Hides behind Ryoko:
Gene: Wuss (Ryoko hits him) Ow!

"Ok, Tenchi!  Come on over to the table!"  Ryoko said excitedly, setting the
chess board towards Tenchi.

Washu: Bossy isn't she?
Ryoko: (Evil grin) Some guys like that
Washu: Like who?
Clayton, Gene, and Tenchi: (raise their hands)

Tenchi sits down across from Ryoko and looks down at the chess board.

"I didn't know you play chess."

"To tell you the truth.  I don't really play chess all that much."  She
admitted.  "Ok let's begin."

"Uhh,...I hope you don't mind me asking but, why are we playing?"

"You really want to know, Tenchi?"  Ryoko asked, smiling childishly.

Tenchi nodded.

"I'm just trying to get one honest date out of you."

Tenchi: (Hands Ryoko a bag of dates)

"W-What do you mean?"  He asked nervously.

All: (Smack their heads) Idiot!

"Don't worry about it.  Let's just play chess.  Trust me.  Ok?"

Aisha: No way!

"Uh, sure.  Okay."

"But before we do,  care to make a friendly wager?"

Tenchi suddenly straightened up with alarm.  "Friendly wager!?"

Ryoko: Is there an echo in here?

***

Meanwhile, Aeka was in her room worried about the sudden change in events.  
She
replayed her conversation with Ryoko.

"Well?  What do you say princess?"  Ryoko asked grinning.

"Very well, Ryoko.  I'll play chess but under one condition."

"Okay, name it."

"If you somehow manage to win,  and if you do win that date with Tenchi.  
You
must not in any circumstances try to seduce him."

Ryoko: What? I wouldn't agree to that!

"Whoa.  Wait a minute there, princess.  Now that's asking too much."

"You said you were going to try to get to him fair and square, didn't you?  
Well
it's now or never." Aeka retorted, tried to lay a desperate trap to find any 
of
Ryoko's hidden agendas.  "Which one will it be?"

There was a long silence between the two girls.  Aeka waited patiently as 
Ryoko
considered her condition.

Gene: Condition? Bad heart?

<Hmm.  I don't like it, that's going to be a hard compromise alright.  I 
guess
people will do anything for love.>  Ryoko thought.  She faced Aeka and 
smiled.

"Alright princess, I'll play at your level.  I won't like it but I'll do 
it."

Ryoko: Rip off!

"Good, then it's decided."

Back to the present time.

Tenchi: (As Michael J. Fox) Doc, what are you doing here?
Clayton: (As Christopher Lloyd) We have to go back! Back to the present!

<I hope I'm not making a big mistake.>  She thought to herself and sighed. 
<I
can't believe I lost to that monster woman.  Of all the people who could've
beaten me, she had to be the one to do it.>

Aisha: Apparently
Washu: Her grasp of the obvious is astounding

***

At the same time, downstairs in the living room.  Tenchi and Ryoko have yet 
to
start their game of chess.

"Well, Tenchi?  Are you up to it?

Ryoko: Sounds like our honeymoon
Tenchi: (Blushes) Not funny. How wasI supposed to know you were a vir... 
(gets an energy sword against his neck)
Ryoko: Not one more word or I'll be a widow

Are you willing to bet?"

"Hmm. Sounds fair enough.  Let me review the agreement, one more time."

"Fine."  Ryoko sighed impatiently.

"If I win,  you will do ALL the chores of the house.  Right?"

"Yep."

"For a whole month?"

"Yes."

"And if you win,  I have to take you out on a date to any location in Japan 
of
your choosing?"

"That about sums it.  And remember, just you and I."

Gene: Shouldn't that be 'you and me'?
Aisha: She's an alien, let it drop

Tenchi thought about the agreement for the fifth time.

"Oh come on Tenchi!  Let's just play!  You're stalling!"  Ryoko demanded.

Tenchi: Sorry, but the engine is flooded

"Ok!  Alright!  Let's begin."

"Sheesh, finally."  She frowned and regained her smile.

Tenchi and Ryoko turned their attentions towards the chess board.

Clayton: Well since he doesn't turn them towards the girls
Washu: Shut up

"So who gets the first move?" Tenchi asked.

"You will."

"You sure?"

"Yes."

"Sure you don't want to start first?"

"I insist."

"I don't know..."

"TENCHIII!"  Ryoko cried out in frustration.  "Will you please start!?"

Gene: Whoa, someone needs to get laid
Ryoko: (Is about to hit him, but then lets it slide) I have that covered... 
Is it time for the break yet?
Clayton: Sure
Ryoko: (Grabs Tenchi and teleports away)
Others: (Get up to use the bathroom and get something to eat)

"Okay.  Okay.  I was just kidding."

Tenchi turned his attention onto the first chess piece.  He concentrated and
slid his pawn to the middle of the board.  Ryoko copied his move.  Tenchi 
moved
his knight next to Ryoko's pawn.  Ryoko places her bishop next to Tenchi's
knight.

"Check."

"What?!  Already?"  Tenchi started.  His mind being thrown out of
concentration.

"Yep."

Tenchi moved his queen to protect his king.  Ryoko took the queen away with 
her
knight.  Tenchi's eyes bulged out of their sockets.

<How can this be?!  She's already taken away my queen!>  he thought.

All: (sit back in their seats)

"Check again."  She stated.

Tenchi and Ryoko: (realize they're wearing eachother's clothes) Oops 
(Chhange quickly)
Washu: (covers Gene and Clayton's eyes)

Tenchi slide his rook to protect his king and neutralized Ryoko's check.

"How's that?"  He boasted confidently.  "Try that on for size."

Tenchi: (Covers Ryoko's mouth before she mentions the honeymoon again)

Ryoko used her queen and got rid of Tenchi's knight.

Washu: Azaka or Kamidaki?
Clayton: Hey, now that would be a cool chess game
Gene: Noboyuki and Sasami would be the pawns
Aisha: No, that would be us for agreeing to do this

"Check."

"Huh?  How can this be?!"  Tenchi baffled out.  He desperately tried to 
regain
his concentration.  He advanced his bishop and took Ryoko's queen.  In 
response,
Ryoko slid her rook and cleared Tenchi's bishop.

"Check and check mate."

"This is unheard of!"  Tenchi was perplexed.

Clayton: I heard that perfectly well

  He looked at the chess board and
found that Ryoko had strategically placed all her chess pieces.  No matter 
what
move he made, Ryoko would always come out the victor.

"Ryoko, how in the universe did you learn how to play like this?"

"You want to know a secret, Tenchi?"

"Sure, tell me."

"All I did was set up my chess pieces.  After I've finished setting up, I go 
in
for the kill."

"I see.  That was very interesting.  You've gotta tell me some more secrets.
I'm sure you have lots in stored."

Gene: (Elbows Tenchi) So you can hit on a girl!

"Tenchi?"

"Yes?"

"Are you trying to weasel out on our deal?"  Ryoko asked suspiciously.

"Me?  Uhh,...No."  He said nervously.

"Good."  Ryoko smiled. "Because you're taking me out to the perfect dating
spot."

"Where am I taking you?  I hope it's no where expensive."

"Oh no.  Not at all.  In fact, it's going to be totally free.

Aisha: Probably your bedroom
Tenchi: She promised Aeka she wouldn't
Others: So?

So you don't have
to worry about the finances.  Except for, of course, the bus fare."

"Okay, sounds good.  Where exactly, are we going?"

"We're going to Naroda beach!"  Ryoko exclaimed happily.

"Naroda beach?!  But it's going to take us at least an hour and a half to 
get
there."

Ryoko: Sounds great
Washu: Hope you bring the cotton balls

"Yes.  And?"

"I don't like long trips."

"Why?  Because it's just you and I?"  Ryoko said as her smile disappeared,
it was obvious her feelings had been hurt.

All: (Fake cough) Bullshit!
Ryoko: What was that?

Tenchi realized that he had his foot in his mouth.

Tenchi: Mmm, tastes great, less filling

<Great, now I've done it.
Tenchi you idiot!  You've hurt her feelings!>  He thought angrily to 
himself.

Tenchi: Hey, don't blame this on me!

"Ryoko,...that's not what I meant."

"Oh?  What did you really mean, Tenchi?  It sounded like you didn't want to
go on a date with me at all."

"It's not like that at all.  I would love to take you out to Naroda."

Washu: Aww, how sweet. My little Ryoko's first date

"You would?"  Ryoko's face lit up.  "Then why are you having second 
thoughts?"

"It's just the fact that we're going to be cooped up inside a bus for at 
least
an hour and a half.  I just hate those kind of long trips."

"Oh, I see.  Don't worry,  Tenchi.  I'll think of something that'll help 
occupy
our time."

Aisha: Poker?
Gene: Yes!
Aisha: Not that kind! Don't make me tell your wife about this

"Okay. When are we leaving?"

"First thing tomorrow morning.  I also have a little surprise installed for
you."

"Umm,...yeah."  Tenchi said nervously.  <I hope she won't try to seduce me.>

Clayton and Gene: (Shake their heads sadly at Tenchi)

"Dinner's ready!"  Sasami called to everybody in the house.

"Oh boy!  I'm starving!"  Tenchi exclaimed.  Then he paused and remembered 
Aeka.

Washu: I doubt Sasami would be willing to cook that
Ryoko: I say we try anyway

"What is it, Tenchi?"  The little princess asked.

"I gotta go get your sister.  Don't wait up on me."  He said and ran up the
stairs.

Aisha: Is he really going to eat her
Gene: I hope s... (glances at Ryoko) not

"Ok, Tenchi."  Sasami spoke.  When she turned around she saw Ryoko float 
towards
Washu's lab.

"Where are you going Ryoko?"

Clayton: Oh Jee, there is a hard one

"I'm going to fetch Washu for dinner.  I'll be back shortly."  Ryoko 
answered.

Washu: Good girl Ryoko, now get the paper

"Please hurry.  You know how much I hate it when the food to gets cold."

"Boy, do I."  Ryoko joked and happily patted Sasami's head as she floated
towards Washu's lab.

***

Washu was busy typing away on her keyboard,  trying to figure out why hot 
dogs
are always packaged at ten a piece and hot dog buns are packaged in only 
eight.

Clayton: Animaniac jokes Washu?
Washu: Yeah, so?
Gene: I think that's just what she puts up so we don't see the porn

Behind the busy scientist, Ryoko walked into the lab.

"Who is it?  Go away. I'm busy right now."  Washu said.

All: (Hum the tune from Psyco)

Ryoko cleared her throat loudly to catch Washu's attention.  Washu turned 
around
and her face lit up.

All: (Put on their sunglasses)

"Ah!  What can I do for you Little Ryoko?"

"Mom, can you stop calling me that?"  Ryoko muttered, obviously annoyed by
Washu's babying tone.

Ryoko: Yeah, you tell her!

"Sure, little Ryoko.  What can mommy do for you?"

Washu: Do I really sound like that? No wonder you get annoyed
Ryoko: So you'll stop?
Washu: No

Ryoko grumbled a bit but quickly calmed down.

"Well,...uh, mom.  I managed to finally get a date with Tenchi."

"Oh you did?!"  Washu exclaimed.  "I'm so proud of you!  My little girl 
finally
did it!"

Gene: She did? Was I in the bathroom?

"Mom, please!  You're making me sick!"

"How did you do it?  Did you control his mind?"

"No."

"Did you slip a photon neuralizer in his drink?"

"No."

"Did you tap in to his cerebral cortex and plant subliminal commands?"

All: (Scoot away from Washu)

"No!"  Ryoko screamed in annoyance. "Mom!  Will you listen!  I played chess
against him and won."

"Not bad, Ryoko.  Not as complex as planting subliminal messages

Washu: (As George W. Bush) Subliminabuble

but still, not
bad at all.  It's crude yet effective.  So where's your date going to be?"

Ryoko: Don't tell her you fool!

"We're going to Naroda Beach."

"That's a very nice resort beach.  Good choice, Ryoko."

"I know."  Ryoko agreed and smiled wildly.  "There's going to be a lot of 
people
there and well,..."

"What Ryoko?"

"Can you do me a favor?"

"Sure, what is it?"

Ryoko reached in to her back pocket and pulled out one of Washu's computer
discs.  She hands it to Washu and Washu looks at it curiously.

"What is this, Ryoko?"

Clayton: One of your computer discs, weren't you listening?

"Take a look at it on your computer."  Ryoko instructed. "I'll see you 
tomorrow
morning."  Ryoko runs out of the lab.

Gene: Can you blame her?
Aisha: See Ryoko run. Run Ryoko, run.
Clayton: See Washu screw with your brain. Screw WaRibbit ribbit (sighs, 
despite being a frog)
Washu: (Turns him back) Now keep quiet

"Alright."  Washu replied.  She placed the disc in to her computer and logs 
into
it's files.  The screen displayed Ryoko's request.

Aisha: A bowl of candy?

  Washu smiled with
overwhelming joy and excitement.

Gene: I knew you were looking at porn!

"This could turn out to be very interesting."

***

Tenchi walked up to Aeka's door and knocked.

"Yes?  Who is it?"  Aeka asked through the door.

"It's me, Aeka."  Tenchi answered.

Ryoko: (Rips off Tenchi's mask reveiling Aeka) Ahhh!
Washu: Just kidding (Turns Tenchi back to himself)

"I've come to tell you that it's time for
dinner."

A few moments later Aeka appeared at the doorway.

"Let's go eat." She said.

They both walked down the hallway, not saying a word to each other.  Aeka
decided to break the silence.

Aisha: You break it ya bought it

"How did you do on the chess game against Ryoko?"

"I did poorly.  I thought I was a pretty good chess player but Ryoko really
proved me wrong."

The one answer that Aeka had been dreading since she was in her room.

"And?" she asked apprehensively.

"What can I say.  I'm going to go on a date with her tomorrow morning."

"Where are you going?"

"We're going to Naroda beach, it's a resort area."

Aeka didn't step any further, she tugged on Tenchi's elbow and stopped him 
from
walking any further.

"Tenchi, there's something I wish to tell you."

"What.  What is it, Aeka?"

Ryoko: She's really a man?
Gene: She's dating Noboyuki if Ryoko get's you?

Aeka struggled, she wanted to tell Tenchi how she felt about him.  "Please 
be
careful out there.  Anything can happen, don't hurt yourself."  She spoke
instead of 'Tenchi, I love you'.

"Don't worry, Aeka.  I'll be safe just as long as Ryoko is around.

Tenchi: (Kisses Ryoko's cheek)

You know how
powerful she is."

"Yes."  Aeka said, disheartened.

"Let's go eat.  I'm starving.!"

Aisha: (Gets up to get a snack)

Aeka nodded in response and followed Tenchi down to the dining table.  Ryo-
ohki was in her humanoid form,  eating her carrots and Sasami sat right 
beside
her.  Ryoko was already at the dining table happily eating her food until 
she
looked up and waved at Tenchi.  Tenchi looked around and noticed that Washu
wasn't around.

"Where's Washu?"  Tenchi asked.

Washu: (Waves) Over here!

"She's in her lab, working on some experiment."  Ryoko answered.

"Oh?  What is she working on?"

Tenchi: Her computer, what else?

"You'll find out soon enough."  Ryoko hinted.  "Let's forget about her and 
just
eat!"

Washu: Hey!

"Uhh,...right."  He tensed.

"It better not be anything sexual, Ryoko."  Aeka threatened suddenly.

Ryoko: Mwahahaha!

"Hey, don't worry princess.  I haven't forgotten about our agreement."

"You better not forget, Ryoko.  Or else.  If you hurt Tenchi in any-"

"If I hurt Tenchi!?"  Ryoko barked.  "Why you silly little girl!  Where you 
do
get off saying that I will hurt Tenchi!?"

Gene: Interesting choice of words considering Aeka's fetishes.
Ryoko: Yeah, she probably WANTS to hurt him
Tenchi: (Gulp)

"I can say anything I like!  I don't think you're very trustworthy."

Washu: This from the girl who tried ramming speed while in orbit?

"Oh.  We'll see about that."

"I doubt that we will."

"You'll see.  First thing tomorrow morning, your doubts will be no more."  
Ryoko
assured.

Clayton: Was that a death threat?
Ryoko: (Smiles warmly)

Aeka didn't respond to Ryoko's assurance, she still doubted Ryoko.

Ryoko was silent, she continued on eating.  She finally finished up her meal 
and
stood up to go to Washu's lab.  She turned and faced Tenchi.  "Tenchi, I'll 
see
you tomorrow morning."

"Alright."

"Is there anything you want me to bring for tomorrow?"  Ryoko asked.

"Umm,  I think we'll need some food to bring along, suntan oil, towels,  
bathing
suits,

Gene: Spoil sport!

and an extra pair of clothes to change into."

"Ok.  Done.  I'll see you later."  Ryoko said and opened the door to Washu's
lab.

After Ryoko disappeared in to Washu's lab, Aeka turned to Tenchi.

"Are you still willing to go with her?"

"Yes, Aeka.  I have to."

"But are you willing to go?"

"What do you mean, Aeka?"

Tenchi: (Puts his head in his hands) Oh brother

"You don't have to go unless you want to.  Right?"

"You know I can't do that."

"Why not, Tenchi?"

"Because it's not right.  I've already set up an agreement with Ryoko.  I'm 
not
going to be the one to back out."

Tenchi: (As Mojojojo) For I can not backout, because it is an agreement that 
I have agreed to and backing out would break that agreement making is no 
longer agreed upon

"But she's a space pirate!  You certainly don't have to carry out an 
agreement
with her!"  Aeka yelled out desperately.

Ryoko: Huh, so much for Jurai's honor
Gene: No wonder everyone wanted Tenchi or Yosho to be king

<What's wrong with her?  Why is she acting like this?>

Clayton: She's not acting

Tenchi was surprised to
see Aeka using that tone of voice.

"I don't like hurting either of you.  I'm sorry Aeka, a promise is a 
promise.  I
always keep my word." Tenchi retorted.

"I, I understand."  She said feeling defeated.

***

During the late twilight hours, barely wearing anything to keep herself 
warm,

Gene and Clayton: Woo hoo!
Tenchi: Hey that's my wife!
Clayton: Then be glad she's that pretty

Ryoko had been strapped against the wall by Washu's restraining device.

"How long is this going to take?"  Ryoko asked impatiently.

"Just a few more minutes."  Washu responded while typing away on her 
keyboard.

"Well, hurry up! I hate being cooped up in this contraption of yours!  I 
haven't
quite forgiven you for that last time, you know."

"Oh calm down, Ryoko.  I won't do anything like that again.  At least, not 
for a
while."

Washu: Now that would make a good honeymoon joke
Ryoko and Tenchi: (blush)

"You left me hanging up here alone in the cold dark!  Just how do you expect 
me
to calm down?"

Washu: Whiner
Ryoko: (Hits Washu)

Washu ignored her and decided to change the subject.

Aisha: You are a genius

"So why didn't you ask me yourself?"

"What do you mean?"

"You know what I mean, Ryoko.  Why didn't you ask me in person?  It's sounds 
a
lot better than just asking via computer disc."

"Oh.  Uh,...I don't know.  It's a pride thing I guess."

"Pride, huh?  Oh it's so sad that a daughter can't talk to her mother." 
Washu
wailed playfully.  "Oh poor little me!  My daughter's afraid to speak to 
me!"

Clayton: Can you blame her?

"OK! Alright! I get the point."  Ryoko cried out and decided to change the
subject.  "So, Washu.  How long will this last?"

Washu: I wish I knew what I was doing

"So, Ryoko.  How long do you want your little request to last?"

"Just give me a day."

"Be more specific."

"From sun up to midnight, I guess."

"Ah,...so you're doing the Cinderella bit aren't you?"

Gene: She's turning into a pumkin?
Washu: (Evil grin) Slowly but surely (Ducks under Ryoko's swing)

"Well, if that's what they call it on this planet.  Yes."

"Very interesting, Ryoko."  Washu complimented.

Ryoko looked away from Washu, she struggled to gather her thoughts to find 
the
right words.

Ryoko: Now where did I put those?

"Thank you."  Ryoko said barely.

"What did you say, Ryoko?"  Washu inquired honestly.

"Thank you for helping me.  Mother."  Ryoko smiled softly.

Washu: Aww
Others: (Snicker at Ryoko)

"My pleasure.  Anything to help my little daughter on her first date."  
Washu
returned.  Feeling great happiness, Washu typed in the last few commands on 
to
her keyboard and released Ryoko.

Ryoko stepped down onto the floor.

"You better get some sleep, Ryoko.  Otherwise, you'll disappoint Tenchi."

"Don't worry, I will.  Good night."  Ryoko expressed.  Ryoko left the lab 
and
heads towards her room, happily anticipating the next morning.

***

Meanwhile, a few billion miles away, on the planet Jurai, Shoji was on his 
way
towards the throne room.

Aisha: Who?

Shoji isn't your traditional type of Jurian,  instead
of having long graceful hair that went down his back, he had a mid length 
tail
that only reached the base of his neck.  He is a Jurian noble and even more
unusual, a knight of the royal guard.  One of the most powerful and capable,
he's considered highly among his peers and colleagues maybe because of his
honesty, his humor and his non-royal attitude.  He finally arrived at the
emperor's throne room.

Tenchi: (As Asuza) Shoji, I'm on the toilet!

"You summoned me, my liege?"  Shoji asked while kneeling.

"Yes, Shoji. I have."

"What can I do for you, sire?"

"I've looked at your record and because of your valuable service to this 
royal
family, I've decided to reassign you."

"And what's my reassignment, sir?"

"From this point on, you're going to be Princess Aeka's bodyguard."

Washu: Yay, Aeka's daddy got her a boyfriend!
Tenchi and Ryoko: (Much rejoicing)

"Her bodyguard?!" Shoji looked up in surprise.

<Isn't it good enough that Azaka and Kamadake are her bodyguards?>  He 
thought
curiously.

Aisha: well they are the right shape if Washu shrinks them again
Gene: I'll tell Jim you said that
Aisha: (Hits him)

"Is there something wrong, Shoji?"  Azusa questioned.

"Uh, no sire.  But I was wondering..."

"Yes?"

"Pardon me for asking, my liege.  Aren't the Guardians of Jurai, proven to 
be
adequate bodyguards for her?"

Azusa flinched a little. <Uh oh, he's on to me.  Better throw him a quick 
one.>

Washu: so he points behind Shoji and runs
Clayton: Brilliant!

"Why yes.  But I've decided that you're the best of the best

All: (Put on their sunglasses... the rip them off and point the neuralizers 
at themselves. The batteries are dead)

and I want the
first crown princess of Jurai to be well protected.  You can't blame a 
father
for being protective, right?"

Shoji noticed that the king of Jurai had a bead of sweat on his head.  And
decided not to think about the reassignment any further.  "Of course.  I'm 
sorry
to have questioned you."

"That's quite alright."

"When do I depart?"

"As soon as possible.  I'll contact Prince Yosho as soon you're on the way."

"Yes, my lord.  I'll start packing."  Shoji bows and leaves the room.

Azusa watched as the knight left.  He restrained hard to keep in his laugh.
<So, Tenchi.  You think that you're going to be the next king of Jurai by
getting to my Aeka?  Think again.  I'll show you."

Tenchi: Uh... sure. (Whispers) Ryoko, get his pills

"MWAHAHAHAHAHA" He laughed out loudly.

Clayton: I laugh like that

Lady Funaho and Lady Misaki walked into the room and found Azusa laughing
hysterically.  They looked at each with beads of sweat looming on their 
heads.

"What's gotten into him?"  asked Misaki.

Aisha: Found out his wives are sleeping with eachother

"I'm not sure.  He's really happy about something.  Let's not bother him.  
We'll
just come back another time."

"Agreed."

They both immediately turned around and headed back out the door.

***

The morning light illuminated the Okayama landscape.

Tenchi: Actually Okayama was right near Hiroshima. The landscape will be 
glowing for a while

  Tenchi was already outside
in front of the house waiting for Ryoko.  He was getting impatient.  Aeka 
stood
right next to him.  She had been silent since morning light.  Tenchi looked 
at
his watch, 7:30am.

"Ryoko!  Where are you?  It's time to go!"  Tenchi yelled out.  Tenchi is
wearing his black and red swimming shorts, sandals, white tank top shirt, 
and
wearing his backpack over his shoulders.  "What's taking her so long?  It'll
take us at least 2 hours to get to Naroda."

Ryoko: Hmm, now what could we do in 2 hours?
Tenchi: Uh oh

"I knew she would be late, even for her own date.  She's probably drunk and
passed out somewhere."

"Oh Aeka, don't say that."

"Well it's true.  You know how drunk she can get!"  Aeka retorted.

"She's not the only who gets drunk around here."  He said while putting on 
his
shades.

Ryoko: Hahahahaha!

"What do you mean?"

"You know what I mean, Aeka.  You're not exactly alcohol-free.  I've seen 
you
put away sake like there's no tomorrow."

"Well, I uh..."  Aeka said, obviously embarrassed by Tenchi's observation.

The front door opened and Ryoko walked out to meet Tenchi and Aeka.

Ryoko: Hi, I'm Ryoko. Who are you?

"Well it's about time Ryoko!"

"I'm sorry Tenchi,  Sasami was putting food in to my travel bag.  She packed
alot for us to eat."

Washu: Seeing as how writers never let her out of the kitchen I believe it

"That's ok, Ryoko.  The bus to Naroda beach will arrive any minute now 
and-," he
suddenly cut himself off and realized that something was different about 
Ryoko.

"What's wrong Tenchi?"  Ryoko asked.

Tenchi stepped up, pulled up his shades, and looked at Ryoko up close.  She 
was
wearing a red tank top, blue jean shorts, and a black backpack, overall, she
still looked the same.

Tenchi: (Stares like a deer in the headlights)
Ryoko: Aw, you're so cute

"There's something different about you Ryoko.  I'm not quite sure what it is 
but
you've changed somehow."  He paused.  "Oh well.  We better get going or else
we'll be late for the bus."

"Ok, Tenchi." Ryoko concurred.  "I'm ready if you're ready."

"Ok!  Great!  Then let's go."  Tenchi suggested.  He stands there and waits.

A few minutes silently passed.  Aeka stood there and watched curiously.

Clayton: (Deadpan look) Wow, what a gripping story

<What is going on?  Why are they just standing there looking at each other?
Shouldn't they leave by now?>  Aeka thought.

"Uh, Tenchi?"  Ryoko asked.

"What Ryoko?"

"What are you waiting for?"

"I'm waiting on you to teleport us to the bus stop."

"Right. About that..."

"Ryoko, what's wrong?"

"Nothing's wrong, it's just that I can't do that right now."

"What do you mean, you can't do that right now?"  Tenchi asked.  "Are you 
sick?"

"No."

"Is there something bothering you?"

"No, not really."

"You don't want to go?"

"Oh no!"  Ryoko answered loudly.  "Nothing like that,  I assure you."

"Then what?"

All: Tell us!

"Well, didn't you notice the way I came out here?"

"Yes. You used the door."

"That's right.  I USED the door."

"So?  What's so different about that?"

"Tenchi, you're not getting what I'm trying to say.  Can you remember the 
last
time I used the door to go in and out of the house?"

Gene: She's got a point. Usualy the only thing she grabs at that level is 
Tenchi

Tenchi thinks and tries to remember the last time he saw Ryoko using the 
front
door.

"Come to think of it, Ryoko.  I don't think you ever used the front door."

"That's right.  I never USED the door."  Ryoko stressed.

Tenchi thought about Ryoko's last remark carefully and realized what she 
really
meant.  His eyes bulged out in pure shock.  He was speechless.

"Are you telling us that you can't use any of your powers?"  Aeka spoke 
loudly.

Ryoko nodded happily.

All: Oh...

"See Aeka!  Now you don't have to worry about me seducing Tenchi in any way.
Now, I'm as human as he is."

"How should that matter?

Ryoko: It shouldn't, it's just a convinient excuse

Why did you lose your powers?"  Aeka asked wildly.
"And how did-"

"I'm sure it's interesting to find out why, but who cares!  We're going to 
be
late!!"  Tenchi interrupted Aeka, he straightened up his shades and grabbed
Ryoko's arm.  "Come on, Ryoko!  Let's go!  If we don't catch this bus, the 
next
one won't arrive until noon!"

"Uh, right. See ya Aeka!  And don't worry!  I won't do any thing to Tenchi!"
Ryoko shouted.

"You better not Ryoko!  Or else I'll send Azaka and Kamadake to check on 
you!"
Aeka shouted back.

Aisha: Like she'd know!

Ryoko stuck her tongue and pulled her bottom right eyelid at Aeka as she 
hustled
off with Tenchi to catch the bus.

"We'll be home tomorrow morning.  See you later."  Tenchi said as he waved 
back
to Aeka.

Aeka watched as Tenchi and Ryoko ran off towards the bus stop.  She sighed 
in
frustration.

"Aeka."  Said a voice from behind.

Aeka turned around and found Yosho.

Gene: Ok, now you go hide!

"Yes, brother?"

"I have a message for you from father." Yosho said as he handed Aeka a 
subspace
telegram.

Clayton: (Sings) While you were out your cat did die, do da do da, and your 
mother left with the plumbing guy, oh the do da day!
Gene: Oh that's harsh

"Thank you, Yosho."

Aeka read her father's message and a few moments later, she was in absolute
anger.

"What?! I don't believe this!  Father's assigning me a new bodyguard?!"

"That's what it looks like."

"And what is going to happen to Azaka and Kamadake?"

"They are currently being reassigned to another person."

"What?  To who?"

"Good morning, Aeka!!"

Aeka turned around and found Little Sasami riding on top of Azaka.

Tenchi: That is so cute

"Sasami?"  Aeka questioned.

"Guess what father did today!" Sasami exclaimed happily.

Ryoko: Disowned her?


To be continued...


Tenchi Muyo: Ryoko's Love...Alpha!
Chapter 2A:  Naroda Beach Pt. 1
By Long T. Tran



Disclaimer:


I don't own these characters, AIC/Pioneer owns them. I don't intend
to make money off this because I don't want to get a lawsuit.  I'm
too poor for that.  But this is my original story concept, so don't
plagiarize!


Author's notes:


Naroda beach is a fictitious place, just wanted to let ya know before you 
start
reading.

Clayton: So much for my weekend plans

As you read, you may notice that I've added a new literary feature to
my FF,  subchapter titles.

All: Huzzah!

------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Washu's Wonderful Toys

Gene: (As Asuza) Mwhahahahahaha!

After having caught up with the bus in time, Tenchi and Ryoko were nearly 
out of
breath.  They walked down the middle aisle of the bus and Ryoko took her 
seat
right next to a window, Tenchi sat down next to her.  Tenchi looked around 
the
bus through his shades, he only saw two other people inside the bus, the 
driver
and an old gray bearded man.

Ryoko: Yosho, go home!

Tenchi was no longer gasping for air and decided
to break the silence.

"So you've volunteered to lose your powers?"  Tenchi questioned.

"Yes.  For only a day."  Ryoko confirmed.

"How does it feel right now?

Aisha: Kind of itches a little

You know, to not be able to use your powers."

"It's kinda hard to describe.  Actually, it feels weird.  In a way, I feel
small."

Washu: Gene knows the feeling
Gene: Hey!

"Hmm.  I think I understand what you're getting at.  Maybe because,  you
don't have your powers."

"Maybe."

"Which brings another question to mind."

"What's up?

Clayton: (As Bugs Bunny) Have you seen a little critter with long ears, a 
cotton tail, and hops around like this?
All: (Point at Ryo-oki)

Ask away."

"Why did you decide to turn off your powers for just today?"

Gene: Clap on, clap off

"You know that's a funny question."

"Oh? Why?"

"I don't know..."

"You don't?"  Tenchi said, perplexed.  "You're very weird, Ryoko."

"I know."  She sighed happily. "I'll tell you later on, ok?"

"Uh, sure.  Okay."

Tenchi: How could I be this thick?
Ryoko: Because you were innocent. It was kind of cute, if a bit annoying
Washu: Agreed

"What time do you think we'll arrive at Naroda Beach?" Ryoko asked.

Tenchi looked at his watch and estimated the time. "Hmm, right now my watch
reads 7:50, I think we'll arrive at around 9:30 or 10.  It's going to be a
long ride."  Tenchi sighed unhappily and sank in his seat.

"I think I can fix that by cutting this trip by ninety-nine percent."

"Oh really, Ryoko.  And how are you going to do that?"  Tenchi asked
skeptically.

Ryoko reached over her shoulder and dug into her black backpack.  Tenchi 
looked
at Ryoko curiously as she pulled out a palm-sized, rectangular-shaped, 
silver
box.  She handed the device to Tenchi.

Gene: (A grin covers his face)
Aisha: Gene I'll tell...
Gene: Like that'll do anything. She's worse than I am. Melfina wanted me to 
ask you and Suzuka to... (shuts his mouth) Crap, now she'll want to use the 
duct tape

"Uh, what is this Ryoko?" he asked apprehensively.

"Something that'll help speed our trip a little.  Why don't you put that 
nice
little toy right there next to your left foot."

Tenchi did as Ryoko directed without giving much thought.

"Ok, now what?"

"All we have to do now is wait 5 seconds." Ryoko replied.

"Sounds simple enough."  Tenchi said.  Then a horrifying thought finally 
dawned
on him. "Wait a minute! You didn't get this from Washu did you?"

"Yes, I did as a matter of fact.  And that means you should hold on tight!"

Tenchi did not hesitate to follow Ryoko's advice.  He quickly grabbed and
tightly held onto a seat that was in front of him.  Instead of a seat, Ryoko
clutched onto Tenchi's waist.  Suddenly, Tenchi could hear a low whistling 
sound
that emanated from Washu's device.

Washu: Oh this is gonna be good

"Uh oh.  I don't like the sound of that...!"

"Oh don't worry about it, Tenchi!  Here comes the really fun part!"

Clayton: Hit the dirt!

The fat bus driver was happily minding his own business when suddenly he 
heard a
low pitch whistling that sounded like it was coming from behind.

Tenchi: The old man was mooning people

Then the
steering wheel started to go crazy in his hands, as if the wheel was driving 
the
bus for him.

"What's going on here!?  I can't control the bus! " the driver screamed.

"OH MY GOD!  WE'RE DEAD AND WE'RE ON THE EXPRESS BUS THAT'S HEADED STRAIGHT
TOWARDS HELL!" Ranted the old man.

Clayton: Wasn't this how Nightmare on Elmstreet started?

Then the surroundings of the bus were suddenly immersed in a blanket of
brilliant color and light.  The bus's rumbling quickly subsided into a 
floating
ride.

Tenchi: Whoa man, the colors

"What's going on, Ryoko?!?" Tenchi asked fearfully.

"We're just travelling at the speed of light.  Well, the same concept at the
least."

Aisha: They had to stop briefly to leave a note when they bumped into the 
Enterprise

At that very instant, the bus dropped out of warp and Ryoko released herself
from Tenchi's waist and looked through the bus's glass window. This was the
first time she ever saw the crystal blue waters of Naroda beach.  Tenchi was
tense and quickly looked up, grabbed Washu's warp device and wiped a sweat 
from
his forehead.

"Ok, we're here!  Let's go before the driver decides to ask any questions."
Tenchi said and quickly stood up, grabbed Ryoko's arm and rushed out of the
closest exit.

Tenchi: Busses usually only have one exit

As they hurriedly departed from the bus, Ryoko had time to stop for a second
to turn to the bewildered bus driver and smiled.

"Thank you for the ride, kind sir!"  Ryoko said happily, waving at the 
driver.

Clayton: Ye verily

The driver didn't at all respond to Ryoko's gratitude, he gawked and simply
closed the door and sped off on the road at a wild acceleration.  Tenchi
couldn't help but sigh in exasperation.  Tenchi and Ryoko were both on the
sidewalk pavement that bordered the highway and Naroda beach.

"Well, at least we're here.  Although, a bit earlier than expected..."  
Tenchi
said and smiled as he viewed the beautiful sandy white beach that laid 
before
him.  He reached into his backpack and pulled out his father's photo camera.

Washu: hmm, aparently it'd genetic
Ryoko: No!
Tenchi: Washu, you've got to help me! I don't want to turn into dad!
Washu: I'll see what I can do

Tenchi turned to Ryoko and aimed his camera at her.  He stepped in front of
Her and made sure that she was in the foreground while the resort beach was 
in
the background.

"Taking the first photograph of the day, Tenchi?"

"Yes I am, Ryoko. Smile."

Ryoko smiled brightly showing her perfect row of teeth and held up her right
hand to show a peace sign.  The camera gave out two snapping sounds 
indicating
that Tenchi took two pictures.

"I didn't know you like to take pictures, Tenchi."

"I've always wanted to, but never came around to actually trying it.  
Besides, I
figure today would be a good day to start.  It's not everyday I get to go to 
a
nice resort beach.  I just know those pictures are going to turn out 
perfect."

Gene: And a week later they'll be all over the internet

Tenchi said and placed the camera back into his backpack.  He looked at his
watch. "Hmm.  Eight o'clock.  Not even the shops are open."

Ryoko didn't hear a word of what Tenchi had just said.  She looked around 
and
saw that the beach was surrounded by little shops and stands.  There was an
elevated pier, one hundred fifty to three hundred yards away from the 
beach's
waterline that served as a foundation to the seaside hotel.  There was also 
a
nearby travelling carnival that's yet to open for the day.

Tenchi: Very observant
Ryoko: Thank you

Ryoko noticed a
huge Ferris wheel that towered the fair, it stood approximately 200 ft. off
the ground, one of the biggest she's ever seen.  The water is clear and 
crystal
blue, Ryoko could actually see the fish swimming beneath the water's 
surface.

Aisha: Shark!

The eight o' clock sun shined very brightly into her golden-yellow eyes.
Ryoko closed her lids and welcomed the gusts of the ocean's cool winds blown
against her face.  She sniffed the aroma of the ocean breeze and relaxed.

<I'm know I'm going to love this place.> She thought contently.

She opened her eyes and found that the beach was deserted.

"Uh, Tenchi?"

"Yes, Ryoko?"

"Where's everybody?  Isn't there supposed to be a lot of people at this 
beach?"

Washu: Such poor gramar

"Well, that's the thing, Ryoko.  They haven't started their arrival yet.  
Not
even the shops are open.  What do you suggest we do now?"

Ryoko: Well we're alone, on a beach, and have suntan oil. I can think of a 
few things

"Not to worry, we can start looking for a spot to set up our little base 
camp."
Ryoko assured.

"Base camp?  But we didn't even bring any tents or camping utilities."

"Not to worry.  I have it all covered."  Ryoko assured as she scanned the 
beach
for an ideal spot to set up camp.  Tenchi stood there next to her and waited
patiently.  Then after a few moments of surveying, Ryoko spotted the perfect
area.

"Eureka!  I've found it!"  Ryoko exclaimed.  She grabbed Tenchi's arm and
stepped off from the sidewalk and onto the beach's white sands.  They walked
along near the waterline for about three minutes, turned right and arrived
in front of a bare concrete foundation that used to support an elevated 
beach
house.  Ryoko examined the barren concrete slab and estimated it's length 
and
width.

Aisha: She's been doing that a lot

"What are we doing here, Ryoko?"  Tenchi inquired curiously.

Clayton: That's a very philosophical question

"I'm just setting up our little camp."  Ryoko replied as she reached into 
her
travel bag.

"But don't we need tents?"

Washu: (Glances at Tenchi's pants)

"I said don't worry, Tenchi." Ryoko pointed out as she revealed to Tenchi
another silver box.  This time the box looked more square than rectangle and 
it
had a red button.

All: Oh crap! Not the red button!

"Oh I get it!  That little box is containing our tents right?"

"Well, not exactly our tents..."

Tenchi tensed at the remark.  Ryoko joyfully placed the silver box onto the
concrete foundation and pressed the red button.  The box suddenly opened up,
unfolded rapidly, and quickly transformed into a beach house.  The house was
elevated by wooden supports and resembled the Masaki residence, except it 
was a
smaller version, just enough to fit the concrete foundation.  It was only a
single story house, the front end faced the mainland while the back faced 
the
ocean, the back had a nice balcony patio that overlooked the sea.

Ryoko: Now we've got a place of our own
Tenchi: Ryoko, my dad buys the food
Ryoko: Damn

"It's more like a temporary residence, courtesy of Washu."  Ryoko finished 
off.

"Thank you, Washu!"  Tenchi said in awe.  <At least I've found one of her
inventions that I can actually start to appreciate.>

Washu: you're welcome... hey!

Tenchi and Ryoko walked up the stairway and opened the front door.  Both 
stepped
through the door and were amazed that the furniture had been provided as 
well,
not only that, the interior is identical to the home back in Okayama.

"I'm going into the kitchen to put up all of Sasami's food."  Ryoko noted to
Tenchi.  She opened the door to the kitchen and walked through. "Go ahead 
and
take a look around."

As Ryoko walked into the kitchen, Tenchi was clearly happy about the beach
house.  He placed his backpack onto the sofa and noticed the television set. 
  He
stepped over to the living room area and turned on the TV.  The TV flickered 
on
and the channels were less then Okayama's but they were working nominally.  
He
decided to turn off the  TV set and headed out towards the patio.  Tenchi 
found
that the patio had two body length patio chairs to lay on and an outdoor
umbrella dining set for four.  Tenchi laid down on one of the patio chairs.  
He
inclined the chair to sit upright to view the morning beach.  The beach 
waves
rhythmically beat against the water's edge, the sun was warm, the clouds
balanced out the heat and the wind was soothingly cool.  He looked at his 
watch
again, it read, 8:10 am.

All: (Snoring)
Washu: I don't snore! (Hits Clayton for writing that)
Clayton: Ow!

<Good.  There's plenty of time left to enjoy this outing.> he thought.

"Ah, paradise!"  Tenchi said happily.

"You can say that again, Tenchi."  Ryoko agreed as she walked out and she 
sat
down onto the patio chair next to Tenchi's.  She laid down but didn't 
incline
her chair to sit up.  "How do you like our date so far?"

"I'm really enjoying this trip, Ryoko.  This is a great place to relax
and have fun!"

"I knew you would like it, Tenchi."  Ryoko said, her voice sounding very 
soft
and quiet.

"Tell me about it!  I'm going to love this day to the very end.  You have to 
be
crazy not to.  I mean, this day had been so full of surprises.  Like that 
quick
bus ride, your backpack of surprises, and not to forget, your..."  Tenchi 
cut
himself off and noticed that Ryoko was unusually quiet.  He looked down 
beside
at her and realized that Ryoko was quietly fast asleep.

"Uh, Ryoko? Hello?"

Ryoko didn't respond, she was already deep in her sleep.

<I guess she stayed up all last night trying to prepare for today.  Poor 
thing.
You really have lost your superpowers haven't you?>  He thought while 
admiring
Ryoko's tranquil and serene face.  <Now that's a site I don't see everyday.
Hmm.>

Ryoko: (wakes up) Hey!
Clayton: Looks like the authore forgot how to spell sight
Washu: Too much time on the internet

An idea popped into Tenchi's mind and he

Gene: (crosses his fingers)

quickly walked back into the house and
dug into his backpack and grabbed the camera.  He stepped out to the patio 
and
quietly took Ryoko's pictures.

Gene: Dang

After taking three snapshots, Tenchi paced back
into the house and placed the camera back into his backpack and was out in 
the
patio again.  He found himself staring at Ryoko's face as she slept quietly.
Tenchi noticed that Ryoko had started to sweat due to the sun's rays, he
carefully grabbed the dining table's umbrella and placed it carefully over
Ryoko, giving her plenty of shade.  Tenchi smiled at Ryoko again and sat 
down in
his chair and peacefully watched Naroda beach's ever changing waterline.

Tenchi: Oh look, a wave (drowning sounds)

***


Mihoshi!

All: (Scream in terror)
Washu: What the hell was that!?
Clayton: I think the author wanted to make sure we were awake

Meanwhile, halfway across the known universe, at the Galaxy Police 
Headquarters
Mihoshi's shuttle prepares to depart for it's next assignment.  Mihoshi 
pulled
off her formal gloves and jacket while making her way towards the cockpit.

Gene: Don't stop!

<Thank goodness, that meeting really took awhile!>  Mihoshi thought.  She
arrived at the cockpit and sat down in front of the shuttle control module.

"Oh, Yukinojo!"  Mihoshi happily summoned.

"Yes? Miss Mihoshi?"  The robot said as it appeared from the cockpit 
ceiling.

"Set a course for the Orion system."

"Yes ma'am." The robot complied.

The shuttle activated the maneuvering thrusters and started to slowly back 
away
from its assigned port.

"What's our next mission, detective Mihoshi?"

Washu: To arrest the crew from Star Treck for every time they broke the 
prime directive
Aisha: You have no life, do you?
Washu: (Realization dawns) Oh gods, I'm a dweeb! I need sex now!
Clayton: (Knocks out Gene) Break time! (Grabs Washu and runs out of the 
room)
Others: (carry Gene to the hospital)

"It's a really simple assignment.  All we have to do is rendezvous with the
Fourth Patrol Fleet and set course for a planet called Orion"

"Why are we heading out to such a remote planet?"

"To investigate why we've suddenly lost communication traffic from our 
outpost
on Orion.  We're ordered to find the problem and fix it.  It's probably some
glitch in their computer systems or something."

"Pardon me for asking, but..."

"Yes? What is it Yukinojo?"

"Don't you find it peculiar that HQ is sending out an ENTIRE patrol fleet 
just
to investigate a minor case?"

Mihoshi's jovial face suddenly turned serious and thought about the robot's
point.

"It is kind of odd, isn't it?"

"Do you think its more than just a glitch?"

"Hmm.  You might be onto something, Yukinojo.  Oh well!  Can't start 
worrying
about it now!"  Mihoshi, said and reverted back to her cheerful carefree
attitude.  "I guess we're just going to have to go with the flow!  Oh,
Yukinojo!"

"Yes, ma'am?"

"Set a course for the Orion System!  And when after that mission's done and 
out
of the way... Home!"

"Yes, ma'am!"

All: (back)
Clayton: (Looks severly dehydrated and gasps out) Water... need water
Washu: Well it has been twenty thousand years (Gives him some Gatoraid) 
We'll finish up later
Clayton: (Drinks all of it) Sure, just let me rest for a few... years


The shuttle pulled clear from its dock and sped off into the vast voidness 
of
space.

***


Aeka's Request

Ryoko: (As Aeka) Kill me!

A few hours had passed since after Tenchi and Ryoko's departure for Naroda
beach.  Trying to distract herself from thinking about Tenchi and Ryoko's
'incidental' date.  The garden, which was placed inside the Masaki 
greenhouse,
is elegantly decorated with a different assortment of soft and bold colored
flowers collected from planets Earth and Jurai.  Aeka was wearing her 
gardener's
apron and gloves.

Gene: Like she would do that!

She planted the latest flower to her botanical collection, a
red rose.  With precise and gentle care, Aeka nourished the blossoming earth
flower with water.  After she watered the floral plant, Aeka sniffed the
fragrance of the rose and smiled softly.

<At least, you're the only one who's not worried.>  she thought to the rose. 
<I
wonder why earth flora don't communicate?  This planet really possess some 
of
the very beautiful flowers in universal botany.  It's a pity that they don't
communicate like the space trees.>

Aisha: So Juraians talk to trees? No wonder they are so dull

Aeka untied her apron and pulled her gloves off of her hands.  She turned 
away
from her garden and headed back to the house.  She walked out of the 
greenhouse
and looked up and found that Sasami was happily riding on top of Kamadake,
flying around in the open skies above.  Aeka smiled as Sasami laughed out 
with
all her energy, Sasami was having the time of her life.

Clayton: Today we bury Sasami who fell to her death...
All: (Hit him)

<Well, at least Sasami's having fun without any worries.  I wonder what 
Tenchi
and Ryoko are doing right now?  I've got to find a way get to Naroda!  I 
can't
stand the thought of Tenchi being around that woman!>  Aeka thought. <I've 
got
to someway to look on to her!>

Aeka looked up at Sasami, who's still flying around and an idea came to her
mind.

"Oh, Sasami!"  Aeka called out.

"Hello Aeka!"  Sasami greeted happily.  She orders Kamadake to land right 
next
to Aeka.

"I see that you're having fun with your new guardians."

"I sure am!  So why did you call for me?"

"Well, I was wondering, could you do me a small favor?"

"Sure, Aeka! What is it?"

Gene: I read a lemon that started like this. (He looks at Washu) You were in 
part 3

"Could you by chance, come with me on a little outing?"

"Outing?"  Sasami said, puzzled.  She paused for a moment and frowned at 
Aeka.
"Aeka, are you asking me to go with you to crash in on Tenchi and Ryoko?"

All: Duh!

"To be straightforward with you, yes I am."

"Forget it, Aeka!  I'm not going!"

"Please, Sasami! It means a lot to me!" Aeka begged.

"It's not right!  Let Tenchi and Ryoko enjoy their first date..."

"I won't allow that, Sasami!  I just won't!" Aeka interrupted.

Ryoko: She probably doesn't even know what sex is
Clayton: I wrote several stories to that effect

"I can't believe you said that, Aeka!  You were taught better than that!  Of 
all
the people to break promises! Didn't you expect this to happen when you 
first
shook hands with Ryoko?" Sasami frowned.

Aisha: I saw it coming a mile away
Gene: I want to barrow your binoculars

  "Ryoko would never do a thing like
that to you! Never!"

Ryoko: (Looks around innocently) Course not...

Aeka stood silent, shocked by Sasami's sudden outburst.

"Well?  What do you have to say?  Your newly assigned bodyguard is already 
on
his way,  he should arrive any minute now.  You must either stay here and
welcome him.  Or you can just go to Naroda and start up another fight with 
Ryoko
and hurt Tenchi's feelings at the same time."

Washu: Oh this is a hard one

"You're right." Aeka said reluctantly.

Washu: To the beach it is

"How foolish of me to even think about
breaking my word of honor.  I am the crown princess of Jurai and I must keep 
my
promises, no matter how hard it may be."

Sasami sighed in relief.

"I guess we should start preparations on a welcoming party for my new 
guardian.
By the way, Sasami.  Would you have any clue on who's to be my new 
bodyguard?"

"No.  Not really, Aeka, but brother Yosho might know.  Why don't you go ask
him?"

"I just might do that, Sasami.  Thank you for the suggestion.  And thank you 
for
setting me back in place."

Aisha: Don't forget to dust first

"Don't mention it, sis."

***


The Sunblock

Gene: Yay
Clayton: (Glances at Washu and feels tired)

At around one o'clock, Ryoko finally came about.  She opened her eyes and 
looked
over to Tenchi and smiled.  Tenchi was reading a book from grandfather's 
office,
he looked up from the book and smirked at her.

"So, you're finally awake."

"Oh my!  How long was I asleep?"

"Not very long.  Only about three to four hours."

"I'm sorry to have you wait on me like that, Tenchi..."

"Oh, it's ok.  I'm not mad.  I actually spent the whole time sitting here
enjoying the view, reading this book and watch the arrival of all those 
people."
He interrupted and pointed out towards the sands.

Tenchi: I never interup

Ryoko raised her patio chair and found that the beach was alive and full of
activity.  Her face lit up with excitement.

Ryoko: I guess Washu's inventions have side effects

"Oh wow!  Will you look at the beach!  It's so full of life!"  Ryoko 
exclaimed.

There were two separate volleyball courts, being played at the same time.
People playing and swimming in the crystal waters.  A few sunbathers, people
sitting beneath huge umbrellas, small picnics were held, lovers cuddling and
walking,

Gene: Yay!

sand castles being built, kids flying kites, and three individuals
fishing.  And lastly,  there were people at the carnival.

"Come on, Tenchi!  Let's go!"

"Wait.  Not yet, Ryoko."

"What? Why not?"

Aisha: He wants a commiment first

"Since we're going to be out in the sun all day, we might as well where some
skin protection."

"Skin protection?" Ryoko said perplexed.

"Yep.  These days, it's not safe to be out in the sun without wearing any 
sun
block.  Long exposures to the sun's rays can cause skin cancer."

"Oh, I see.  Okay then, you wait here while I go get the sunblock."

Tenchi: (Sarcastcaly) Oh this is going to end well
Gene: If they do it right

With enthusiasm, Ryoko jumped up from her chair and ran back into the house.
She found her back pack, grabbed the bottle of sunblock, and made way her 
back
towards the balcony.

"Do you have it Ryoko?"

Ryoko: I've got all of it and a bag of chips

"Yep!  Sure do."  Ryoko confirmed, as she handed the bottle to Tenchi.  She 
sat
down on her chair. "You first."

"Um, alright."

Ryoko watched as Tenchi pulled off his white tank top and opened the 
sunblock
bottle.  He applied the solution on to his chest, arms, stomach and lower 
back,

Aisha: Is there a solution for that? I mean look at him, he's a stick 
figure!
Ryoko: (Looks at Washu)
Washu: (sighs) I'll fix that too

not realizing that the sunblock made his slim-but-built-body look even more
sweaty and muscular.

All: (Laugh their asses off)
Tenchi: Hey!

<Oh my!  I didn't realize he was THAT built!> Ryoko pondered with surprise 
and
awe.

Ryoko: Wow mom, you work fast
Washu: I do what I can (smiles)

As Tenchi applied the lotion, he looked up and noticed that Ryoko was 
staring at
him intensely.  He started to tense nervously.

"Uh, Ryoko, why are you staring at me like that?"

Gene: Idiot!

"I wasn't staring..." Ryoko denied but her face was clearly red.  She 
quickly
paused a few moments and gathered her thoughts for a quick recovery.

Clayton: What do you see in him?
Ryoko: Well all that muscle he was supposed to have had to go somewhere
Tenchi: (Smiles proudly)

"I was just enjoying the handsome scenery." She muttered in a confident way.

"Can you do me a favor?"

"I know, I know. Turn around so I can stop staring at you."  Ryoko assumed.

"No, no.  Can you help me rub this sun block onto my back?  I'm having a 
hard
time applying this."

Ryoko: Woo hoo!
Aisha: Happy now Gene?
Gene: Very

"Sure!"  Ryoko exclaimed.  She stood up, walked over to Tenchi and placed
herself next to him.

Tenchi handed the container over to Ryoko and turned his back towards her.
Ryoko smiled and opened the bottle.  She poured a small amount into her 
hands
and applied the solution onto Tenchi's back.  Ryoko frowned a little and 
cleared
her throat.  Tenchi's back felt unusually stiff.

"Tenchi, why are you so tense?" Ryoko inquired.

"What do you mean?  I'm not nervous."

"I know that.  What I meant was, why are your muscles so stiff?"

Tenchi: I'm not touching that one
Others: We know!

"I guess it's because, I've been working out in the fields a lot for the 
past
few days."

"Oh, I see."

Ryoko finally finished the application of the sun block onto Tenchi's back,
instead of pulling her hands away, she decided to give Tenchi a massage.  
She
rubbed her fingers down his back in a circular motion, allowing more blood
circulation into his back muscles.  Then she moved her hands to his 
shoulders
and pressed rhythmically.

Ryoko: I'll remember this later
Washu: Me too
Clayton and Tenchi: Uh oh

"That feels very nice, Ryoko.  Where did you learn how to do this?"

"I picked it up a few day ago, while watching a TV show.

Aisha: who let Noboyuki get the spice channel?

Do you really like the
way I'm massaging you?"

"Yes...I like it!"

Clayton: And thus he grows a spine

Ryoko beamed wildly because of Tenchi's compliment, as a result, she 
unwittingly
massaged his shoulders even harder.  Her rough massaging caused a sharp
sensation.  Tenchi hissed out in pain.

"Whoops! Sorry about that Tenchi."

"It's alright, Ryoko.  I really needed that massage.  Thanks."  He smiled,
gratuitously. "Please don't stop."

Ryoko: He finally said it!
Tenchi: Well after hearing you scream it nine times an hour every hour since 
the wedding what do you expect?

"My pleasure!" Ryoko said, then giggled.  Ryoko massaged Tenchi for another 
five
minutes and stopped.  Tenchi turned around and faced her.

"I guess it's your turn to put on the sun block."

"It sure is!"  Ryoko said excitedly as she pulled off her red tank top to 
reveal
her blue bikini top.

Gene: Damn, Toonami got their hands on this

Ryoko poured the lotion onto her palms,  Tenchi watched as
Ryoko applied the sun block to her skin.  Then she struggled to put the 
solution
onto her back.

"You need help with that Ryoko?"

Ryoko: Yes!

Ryoko was momentarily tempted by Tenchi but thought back to her agreement 
with
Aeka.

"No, that's alright.  I can handle it."  She replied.

Aisha: Very noble

"Are you sure?  Looks like you're having trouble putting that on."

"Yeah, I'm sure.  Thanks for the offer."

"Uhh.  Okay."

<That was pretty strange for her to refuse.>  Tenchi thought.

Washu: Pretty strange for you to offer

<Oh well.>

Tenchi watched as Ryoko settled the rest of the sunblock, he couldn't help 
but
admired how her blue bikini enhanced her attractiveness.

All: Bullshit!

<Man!  She looks great in that swimsuit!  Ryoko has a good looking figure!>
Tenchi thought.

Aisha: Thank you captain obvious

Her body was covered in perspiration which made her feminine figure stand 
out
even more.  Before Ryoko noticed that Tenchi was staring at her, he quickly
looked away and buried his thoughts.

Tenchi: Ok, they're twenty paces past skull rock, under the fallen log
Ryoko: (Draws the map)

Ryoko wiped a sweat from her forehead and looked up at the sun.  The sun was
really getting hot and the wind wasn't helping at all.

"Phew!  Is it getting hot or what?"  She commented.

Her hair was matted from the moisture caused by her perspiration.  She 
grabbed a
nearby towel to dry off her sweat.

Washu: Subtlety isn't this author's strong suit

"So what's the first thing you want to do today, Ryoko?"

Ryoko: The same thing I do every day Tenchi, try to take over the world
Tenchi: What was that?
Ryoko: Well a girl needs a hobby and this talking mouse made a great offer

"Well, the first thing that comes to my mind is go shopping for a good shady
hat."

"Alright, sounds good to me.  Then what?"

Tenchi: Ryoko by now you would have said something!
Ryoko: I know

"Then we'll decide and just go with the flow for a while."

"Ok.  Let's go, shall we?"

Ryoko grabbed her red tank top and wore it over her bikini.  She followed 
Tenchi
into the house.  Tenchi had his shades on and camera over his shoulders, he 
was
already at the front door.  Tenchi decided to be a gentleman, he opened the 
door
for Ryoko.  Ryoko walked through the doorway and smiled at Tenchi 
thankfully.
They both walked down the steps of the beach house and headed straight for 
the
Naroda Beach Market Strip.

All: It's not what you think Gene!
Gene: (Pouts)

The Fortune Teller, The Sun Hat


Tenchi and Ryoko had reached the beach accessories shop in the middle of the
Marketplace.  The strip was located along side the beach resort's beach 
walk, it
had ten separate stores in all.  As they walked towards the accessories 
shop,
Tenchi noticed an Arcade next door to the shop.

Aisha: Oh look, Pacman

  Ryoko walked into the
accessories shop first, Tenchi was about to follow her but something caught 
his
attention.  Passing by the arcade, Tenchi noticed a curious looking machine 
that
stood next to the arcade's entranceway.  The heart-shaped machine was 
completely
crimson and stood on a black pedestal.  A sign attached to the top of the
machine read: "The Fortune Teller of Potential Love: For one yen piece, see 
if
the one you have your sights on is your true love!".

Clayton: My, this is convenient

"Oh yeah, right!! That has got to be the hokiest claim I've ever read!"  
Tenchi
said, skeptically.

"Why are you putting down my machine like that!!"  A craggy old voice yelled 
out
from behind Tenchi.  "You kids these days, have no faith in anything!"

"Oh!  Sorry about that rude comment."  Tenchi apologized.  He turned around 
and
looked down to see an old bald man looking up at him with angry eyes.

The old dwarf quickly extinguished his anger towards Tenchi and ruffled his
bushy white moustache with his finger.

Gene: You haven't seen six other guys just like me have you?

"That's alright kid,  you're not the first person to be skeptical of my
machine."

"Really?  You mean other's have actually said the same thing?"

"Of course!!  They would voice their disbelief and just out of pure 
curiosity,
they also tried it."

"And what would happen?"

Ryoko: They were disapointed

"Only two things..." said the old man, holding up his two fingers. "One, 
they
would remain as lovers. Two, they would discontinue their relationship."

"Oh come on!  Couples wouldn't break off their relationships because of a
machine's opinion?"

"Yes, they would.  You'll be surprised."

"Why?"

"Call it a twist of fate.  One minute a potential couple are looking at each
other for possibilities of love, the next, they turn away from each other 
and
march on home never setting sights on each other again.  I've seen this 
happen
thousands of times before.  But on the good side, I've also seen 
relationships
grow even stronger."

"Now, that's really pushing it.  I find that even harder to believe.  People
just don't make decisions solely based on a gimmick's answer."

Washu: Wanna bet?

"Oh they don't, eh?  Then why don't you try it out yourself." The old man
smirked. "What do you have to lose besides one yen piece?"

<Maybe this could be a way to finally find some clarity.> Tenchi thought.

"Well, kid?  You think you're up to it?"  The old man asked.

"Okay, then.  I'll try it."

Tenchi reached into the pocket of his shorts and took out five separate yen
pieces.  Each for Sasami, Aeka, Mihoshi, Washu, and Ryoko.

"Five Yen pieces?  Very interesting!  Planning to find out whether you can 
nab
five girls, eh?  I didn't know there's a sexual revolution going on right 
now.
You kids are too much."

Gene: Like Tenchi would even consider that!

"Hey now!  That's not what it looks like!" Tenchi said defensively. "I'm not
like that at all!"

"Yeah, right." The old man doubted bluntly. "All I can say about you kids is
that you're all pumped full of hormones."

<Dirty old hentai.>  Tenchi thought.

Clayton: Just like his dad

"Well, anyways."  Tenchi grumbled, changing the subject.  "How do I work 
your
little gimmick here?"

"It's quite simple, really.  All you have to do is pop a coin into it's slot 
and
type in the name of the girl.  After that, the fortune teller will print out
your answer."

"Ok, sounds simple enough."

"Well, kid.  I would like to see what answer's in stored for you but I have 
to
go run my arcade.  See you around."

"Uh, yeah.  Thanks."

Tenchi watched as the old man walked away and disappeared into the arcade.  
Then
he cautiously looked around to see if Ryoko was anywhere nearby.  Tenchi 
turned
and focused his attention onto the machine.

Tenchi: I wish I were big

He popped in all five of his yen
pieces into the machine's coin slot.  A short and simple direction appeared 
on
the machine's black screen.  The fonts were colored red and the background 
was
black.

PLEASE TYPE IN YOUR NAME.

Aisha: Seymre Butts
Washu: Ben Duver
Clayton: Hughe Jass

Tenchi did as directed.

PLEASE ENTER THE NAME/NAMES OF YOUR HEART'S POTENTIAL.

Tenchi typed in five names.  Then he checked if his spelling was correct.

Washu Hakubi
Sasami Jurai
Aeka Jurai
Mihoshi Kuramitsu
Ryoko Hakubi

PLEASE WAIT WHILE THE FORTUNE TELLER OF POTENTIAL LOVE, PROCESSES YOUR 
ANSWER.

Tenchi waited a few moments for the machines response.  He nervously looked 
at
his watch and realized that five minutes had already passed since he left 
Ryoko
alone.

Ryoko: Bastard!

<Hurry up!  You silly machine!  I would hate to see what would happen if 
Ryoko
saw me doing this.  Getting advice from a machine.  This is a new low for 
me!>

All: (Point and laugh at Tenchi)

The heart shaped Love tester started to print it's results onto a long 
receipt
paper for Tenchi.  The printing was taking very long for him, trying his
patience.  Finally it stopped printing and Tenchi pulled out the sheet from 
the
love tester.

<Jeez!  No wonder it took so long!  Look at all this advertising!>

Gene: (Reads) For a good time call... quick, hand me a pen

He finally found the familiar names.  He noticed that right next to each of 
the
girls' names, appeared notes.  He looked at the first name on the list:

Washu Hakubi: This one is rather unique, but don't go for her.  Too smart 
and
too old.

Washu: What!
Clayton: (Holds her back)

"Wow!  The old man wasn't kidding!  This thing actually works!" Tenchi said,
excitedly.  "Though I think the answers are kind of on the blunt side."

Tenchi reads the next name on the list.

Sasami Jurai:  A very sweet person at heart,  only one problem...
She's too young.

All: Definitely!

He moved down to the third name on the list.

Mihoshi Kuramitsu:  Another sweet person, this time the right age.  Not a 
good
choice for you,  she'll really test your patience if you choose to go steady
with her.

Aisha: Test it, break it, shove it up your nose

Meanwhile inside the beach accessories shop, Ryoko was browsing around for 
about
five or ten minutes, looking for the perfect hat to wear out in the hot sun.
She noticed a round sun hat with a blue bow-tie ribbon sitting on top of a 
rack.
She decided to try the hat on.  Ryoko looked into the mirror and found that 
the
hat fitted perfectly on her head.

Gene: With all that hair?

"I think this hat looks very nice on me.  What do you think, Tenchi?"  Ryoko
turned around and realized that Tenchi was no where close to be seen.

<He's gone.  Where can he be?>  She thought and looked around the shop and
couldn't find Tenchi. She looked through the shop windows and was relieved 
to
find him.  She placed the hat back onto the hat rack and headed back 
outside.

Outside, Tenchi was nearly done with the list, now it was coming down to the 
two
major active contenders; Aeka and Ryoko.  He looked at Aeka's results.

Aeka Jurai: She's nice, polite, and worthy of great love.

Clayton: And insane

She's not for you.

<Okay, that was kinda short and straight forward.>  Tenchi frowned.  He 
turned
his attention to the final name on the list, Ryoko.

Ryoko Hakubi:  Cherish every precious moment you have with her...

Ryoko: Hooray! (Hugs Tenchi)

<Strange.>  Was the only word that came to Tenchi's mind.

"Tenchiii!  So that's where you been all this time!"  Ryoko said as she 
walked
towards him.  "What are you doing out here?"

Tenchi was momentarily startled by Ryoko and quickly hid the paper in his
pocket.

"R-Ryoko!  I was just, uh, enjoying the weather!"

"Well follow me, Tenchi!  Tell me what you think of this hat I found."  
Ryoko
said as she went over to grab Tenchi's hand.  Ryoko's hand held Tenchi's and
politely pulled him into the beach shop.  Tenchi looked at her joyful 
gesture
and smiled.

"Alright."

They both walked into the shop and Ryoko led Tenchi straight towards the hat
rack.

"I've found the perfect hat, Tenchi!"  Ryoko said, happily.

"You have?"

Washu: Why wouldn't he believe her?

"Yep it's over here on the hat rack..."

They reached the hat rack and to Ryoko's dismay, the hat was gone.

"Where's the hat, Ryoko?"  Tenchi asked.

"I could've sworn it was here just a minute ago!!  I placed it here myself!
Help me look for it!"  Ryoko said frantically.

"What does it look like?"

"It's a round sun hat with a blue bow-tie ribbon."

Gene: I'll get out an APB right away

They split up in separate ways and looked around the shop.  Tenchi searched 
the
front end of the store and to his surprise, the old man from the arcade was 
at
the register, in the process of buying Ryoko's hat.  He quickly walked over 
to
the old man and the cashier in time to interrupt their business transaction.

"Uh, hello, sir!  Remember me!"

Tenchi: That's an order!

"Why hello there, young man!  Did your fortune come out the way you wanted?"

"No, not exactly.  But that's not why I'm here."

"Oh?  Then why are you bugging me?"

"I wanted to speak to you about that hat you're about to buy."

"Yeah?  Well, forget it.  I'm buying it for my granddaughter."

"Could you by chance, hear me out first?"

"No!  Absolutely not!  I'm getting this for my granddaughter and that's 
final!"

Ryoko: Jerk

"But..."

"No buts!"  the old man shouted. "Mmm, this rice cracker is so good."

"What?  Rice cracker?" Tenchi said, confused.  "What are you talking about?  
You
don't even have a thing in your mouth!"

***


The Puppeteer

Clayton: (As Jiminy Cricket) Mr. Gepeto!

Meanwhile, back at the Masaki residence,  Washu was eating a rice cracker 
while
interacting with Tenchi on her dimensional computer.

Ryoko: I knew it!
Washu: Mwahahahaha!

"Whoops!  Kinda slipped there, Heh Heh.  It looks like my new toy is working
well, maybe too well.  Ryoko and Tenchi don't even suspect a thing."  Washu 
said
and smiled.  Then she typed in more commands to input more dialogue into the
android's interaction with Tenchi.


Aeka's Drenched


Somewhere out in the nearby woods, Shoji was looking for the Masaki 
residence.

Aisha: (As girl from Blair witch) You lost the map! How could you lose the 
$%&@# map?

He had been wandering around the forest for about thirty minutes, he was 
about
lose to patience.

"Oh man!"  Shoji fumed.  "Now, where am I?  This is so embarrassing!  I 
can't
believe I'm lost on my first day of guard duty!  Those directions Yosho gave 
me
were really bad!"

Tenchi: Sure, blame the old man for your problems

He trips over a fallen branch and falls flat on his face.

"OOOUUCH!  That smarts!"  he complained out loudly.  He stood up clumsily 
and
kicked the fallen branch off to the side.

Nearby at Funaho's tree,  Aeka was alone, contemplating about Tenchi and 
Ryoko's
date.

<If something were to happen between the two, I would lose all hope of ever
being able to express my heart out to Tenchi.>  Aeka thought sadly.

Suddenly,  Aeka's personal introspection is coldly interrupted by a pillar 
of
water.

Ryoko: Ha!

"Aaah!  I'm all wet!"  Aeka screamed out.  "Who's responsible for this!?"

Aisha: Your personality? That's your parent's fault

In front of Aeka, a human male in Jurian clothing was knee deep in the water 
of
the moat that surrounded the Holy Tree.

"I'm so sorry about that my lady!  I slipped on a rock and fell into this
blasted moat and..."  Shoji apologized in mid-sentence and gasped in an air 
of
shock.  "I'm so sorry, Princess Aeka!"

Shoji bowed down to Aeka in the most earnest manner he can muster up.  Aeka
ringed her kimono sleeves of moisture, while at the same time,  regaining 
her
composure.

"It's alright, it happens.  I can assume that you're my new body guard sent 
here
by my father."

"Yes, your highness.  My name is Shoji Takazawa I am a Knight of the Royal
Guard."

"I'm pleased to meet you but before we can continue with the introductions, 
I
would like to go back to the house and change into much dryer and suitable
clothing."

Gene: Oh don't do anything on our account

"Yes, indeed.  I'm sorry."

They both headed back to the Masaki home not saying a word to each other.  
Shoji
couldn't help but noticed the sad expression on the princess's face.

<Hmm.  I wonder why the princess looks so depressed?>  Shoji thought.  
<Maybe
I'll ask her later, as soon as I'm all dried up.>

***

The Crazy Old Man

Back at Naroda beach, Tenchi is still struggling to cut a deal with the old 
man
before Ryoko finds out.

"Come on!" Tenchi Begged.

"No."

"There's gotta be a way to cut a deal!"

"Absolutely no deal.  By the way, who's it for?"

"It's for her."  Tenchi said as he pointed at Ryoko, who's still searching 
for
the hat.

"Hmm. She looks beautiful.  Not bad.  You have taste, kid."  The old man
complemented.

Ryoko: I love this story!
Clayton: I thought you might

"Then maybe, there's still a chance?"  Tenchi hoped.

"No!"

"What!?  Oh come on!  Why not?"

"Because I'm having fun!"

Washu: Yeah!

"What?!  You can't be that cruel!"

"Oh yes I can."

Washu: Hey

"You're sick, you know that."

"Of course, I know that!  That's why I'm having fun."

Washu: Ok, this isn't funny any more
***


Ryo-ohki to the Rescue!


Back to the lab, Washu was typing up a storm, laughing out through out the 
whole
conversation.

"Oh man!  I'm having too much fun!"  Washu said joyfully.

Unbeknownst to Washu, toddler Ryo-ohki happens to be standing behind.

Gene: Apparently she took over for Mihoshi while she was gone

The
little toddler watched curiously as Washu typed joyfully onto the 
dimensional
keyboard.

"Meow?"  Ryo-ohki said inquisitively.  She frowned at Washu's meddling with
Ryoko's date, then an idea popped into the little cabbit-humanoid's head.

Tenchi: Way to go Ryo-oki!

***

Back to Naroda Beach.  Tenchi is still persisting with the old man.

"Listen kid, I like you.  I really like you but this is for my 
granddaughter."

Washu: Daughter you idiot. Keep this up and I'll never have grandkids
Aisha: Actually some people think Mihoshi is your granddaughter
Washu: (Glares at her)

"I know but Ryoko is just as important."

"Oh?  How's she more important than my granddaughter?"

"I didn't say that!  I said 'Ryoko is just AS important'."  Tenchi retorted.

"Oh I see now!  You're trying to be smart with me, eh?  Well let me tell you
something, mister.  MEOW!  MEOW!  MEOW!"

Clayton: The only one cats know by name

"Meow?!!"  Tenchi said, confused.

***

Back to the Lab.

Ryoko: Holy lithium bat man!
Tenchi: Wrong lab

"Ryo-Ohki!!!  Get away from here!  Can't you see I'm busy!?!"
Washu yelled at the cabbit.

But the toddler, intentionally ignored Washu and kept on typing onto the
keyboard.  Ryo-ohki loves to help Tenchi in anyway possible.

Tenchi: when we get home she gets two basket of carrots!

"Oh great!  Now look what you've done!  The android won't stop acting like a
cat!  The commands are locked!!  AARRGH!"  Washu screamed.

***

Back to Naroda Beach.  The longer Tenchi stood there and watched the old man
babble on, things just keep getting stranger and stranger.  The old man was 
on
the floor licking his hand and scratching the back of his head with his leg.

"What are you doing?!"  Tenchi asked.

"Can't you see that-MEOW, I'm uhh-MEOW,  Cleaning myself?"

"But you're acting like a cat!"

"Of course, I'm acting like a cat!  Meow!  Meow!  It's much more efficient 
this
way!  Don't you think?"

"Uhh.  Right."

Ryoko finally noticed the commotion, she looked to the front of the store 
and
found Tenchi staring down at an old man.

"What's all that cat noise coming from?"  Ryoko inquired.

***

Back to the lab,  Washu and Ryo-ohki are pushing and shoving each other,
fighting over the keyboard, trying to regain control of the android.

"Ryo-ohki!  Stop it!  You're going to get Tenchi suspicious!"

Clayton: Ya think?

"Meow!  Meow!"  The toddler-cabbit said angrily.

"Alright fine!  Sheesh!  You win!  I'm going to stop toying with him!"

"MEOW!  MEOW!  MEOW!" the cabbit said victoriously.

Ryoko: (As Mills Lane) The winner!

Washu grumbled as she typed in her last commands for the android.

***

Back to Naroda.  Ryoko walked up to Tenchi from behind and looked down at 
the
old man who was now crawling around the floor on all four.

Ryoko: How cute! Can we keep him?
Tenchi: Sorry but he has to be put down
Washu: Hey!

"What's wrong with him?"  Ryoko asked.

Gene: (Looks at Washu) What isn't? Ribbit

"I don't know,  this guy is really crazy.  One minute he's acting normal the
next, he's acting like a cat."

The old man quickly jumped up and hands the sun hat Tenchi.

"Uhh. You win!  MEOW!  Here you go!  Here's the Hat!  MEOW!"

"Thank you!"  Tenchi gratified.

"Well gotta go!  MEOW!  Bye-bye!"  The old man quickly exits the store on 
his
hands and knees.

"Uhh.  Bye."  Tenchi said, wearily.  Then he turned his attentions toward 
the
store clerk and buys the hat.  He faced Ryoko and handed her the sun hat.  
"Here
you go, Ryoko.  I think this is the hat you mentioned to me about."

Tenchi: It had better be

Ryoko gasped in excitement when she received the hat from Tenchi.

Gene: Doesn't take much does it?
Ryoko: Shut up

"Thank you, Tenchi!  Here let me try it on.  Tell me what you think."

Ryoko placed the sun hat on her head.  Tenchi looked at her carefully and
smiled.  He noticed that the hat enhanced her yellow eyes.

"The hat fits you perfectly, Ryoko.  Actually makes you look lovely and
beautiful."

<Whoa, wait a minute.  Did I say LOVELY AND BEAUTIFUL?!>  Tenchi thought.

Ryoko: You'd better have!
Tenchi: I did, I swear!

"Really?!  You mean it?"  Ryoko asked excitedly.

Tenchi nodded yes.

"Thank you, Tenchi!" Ryoko laughed happily and hugged Tenchi in a 
non-aggressive
manner.

Gene: D'oh!

"Don't mention it, Ryoko.  Come on let's go outside so I can take a picture 
of
you in your new hat."

Tenchi: Washu?
Washu: I'm working on it

"Alright."  Ryoko complied happily.

They both exited the store and looked around for a place to shoot Ryoko's 
photo.
As they looked around for spot,  Tenchi could not help thinking about his
results from the fortune teller.

<I wonder what that machine meant?  I wanted clarity.  The answer it gave me
about Ryoko, seemed so cryptic and peculiar.>  Tenchi thought.

Aisha: Seemed pretty straight forward to me

[Cherish every precious moment you have with her...] The words kept 
beckoning to
Tenchi every time he thought about it.


You're Going to hate me for this,  To Be Continued...

All: Curse your mangy hide and the horses you rode in on!




Author's Notes 2nd:

I know I know, this is a somewhat abrupt and cheesy way to get more readers.

All: Yup

I'm doing this to keep my mind on track, so that way I won't screw up on the
next chapter.  Besides, the public demands more, so I gave them more.  But 
not
to worry, Naroda Beach Pt.2 is nearly halfway through.  It'll focus even 
more on
the date,  Pt.1 was just to serve as a good set up.

Gene: And boy were we set up

And I won't end my Fanfics
like this ever again...
I hope.

Washu: How many parts are there to this?
Clayton: Four
Washu: (Looks at the Author) Liar!

Tenchi Muyo: Ryoko's Love...Alpha!
Chapter 3A: Naroda Beach Pt.2
By Long T. Tran




Disclaimer:


I don't own these characters, AIC/Pioneer owns them. I don't intend
to make money off this because I don't want to get a lawsuit.  I'm
too poor for that.  But this is my original story concept, so don't
plagiarize!

Author's note:


I apologize for the long wait, as you can see, this is by far my biggest
chapter.  I hope it was
worth the wait for you folks.

Clayton and Washu: (Playing Chess)

Sorry for the suspense and metal torture I
might've caused.

Aisha: Did you have to play Kiss albums?


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Safe Haven


Naroda Beach; blanketed under the cover of the night sky, the beach house 
stood
silent near the water's edge.  Tenchi carried Ryoko in his arms from Washu's
portable boat.  Ryoko was barely conscious and Tenchi was still frantic from 
the
traumatic experience that occurred.

Ryoko: He's good but...

<How could this happen to her!?>  The day went by too well to end up like 
this!
He thought with agitation. <Because of that stupid idea, she was
nearly killed!>

Conveying Ryoko up the flight of stairs of the elevated beach house, the 
events
which led up to the incident returned to Tenchi...


Ice Cream!

Aisha: You scream!
Washu: We all scream!
All: Aaaaahhhhhh!


"Good!  Good!  Do some more of those poses!"  Tenchi directed excitedly.

The cool waters of Naroda beach flowed around Tenchi's feet as he took 
pictures
of Ryoko in her newly owned sun hat.  Ryoko joyfully struck her different 
poses
at every click of the camera, having a lot of fun.  She mimicked the moves 
of
professional supermodels, sometimes, she would let loose and look silly
intentionally, which made Tenchi lose control and laugh.

Tenchi: Must... not... laugh

Meanwhile, a few hundred feet away,  a small crowd of the beach's young 
women
were gathered around an object of their fascination.

Gene: Girls who aren't all over him? Wow

"Would you look at that hunk!!" said a blonde.

"Yah!  Look at those muscles!  And that washboard muscles!  Sigh!"  A girl
replied.

"What a body!  What hunk!  He's sooo cute!"  Said a brunette.

The crowd of women parted allowing Naroda's beach hunk to get up from his 
posing
positions.  He stood up and grabbed a towel from a nearby bench press and 
wiped
away all the sweat from his rippling chest.

Gene: He looks like Fred's fianc'e
Aisha: True. Now these are muscles (Flexes)

The women swooned and sighed in
response.  The Iron man obviously loved his status.   As the ladies fainted, 
the
hunk looked over to the water's edge and noticed a girl with cyan hair 
running
along the beach doing some poses in front of a spiky-haired guy with a 
camera.

Ryoko: When did Vegita show up?

<Who is that girl?  She's so stunning!!  I gotta have her!>  The Herculean
strongman thought excitedly.

Washu: Oh no, not Hercule from DBZ!

After the half hour photo session, Ryoko and Tenchi sat down at the water's 
edge
trying to figure what to do next.  Tenchi placed the camera into his pocket.

"You really like taking pictures of me, don't you?"  Ryoko asked.

"Uhh...,I guess you can say that.  I'm really getting into this, it helps me
relax."

Washu: You know I'll bet Gene is related to Tenchi and Noboyuki
Gene: Ya think?

"Well, that's nice to hear.  So, what do you want to do next?"

"Hmm.  I really don't know."  Tenchi said.  He looked across the sandy beach 
and
noticed an ice cream stand.  "The only thing that comes to mind is getting 
some
ice cream to cool down a bit."

"I'm feeling a little warm, myself.  Sounds good to me."  Ryoko agreed.

"Besides, maybe some ice cream will help us decide on our next move.  Food 
for
thought."

"I couldn't agree more."

"Okay, then.  You stay here while I go fetch some.  What would you like?"
Tenchi, asked.

"I just want a plain vanilla ice cream cone."

Ryoko: I prefer chocolate

"Alright,  I'll be back."

Tenchi stood up and walked off to go buy the ice cream.  Ryoko watched as he
walked away, as soon as Tenchi was gone, Ryoko smiled happily to herself.

Ryoko: Free at last!

<Alright!!  Things are going so well!!  I am having so much fun with my
Tenchi!>

Washu: As opposed to the Tenchi I'm growing in my lab

Ryoko thought as she tipped her sun hat to make it more comfortable.

As Ryoko waited for Tenchi's return,  she watched little children swam and
played in the water.  Suddenly, she was covered by another person's shadow.

Clayton: (As Peter Pan) Have you seen my shadow?

"Excuse me."  Said a strong voice.

"Yes?"  Ryoko responded.

Ryoko looked up to find, possibly, Naroda beach's most muscular man.  To 
Ryoko's
awe,  he had huge arms, a thick barrel neck, pecks that resembled concrete
slabs, and legs that could support steel beams.  The iron man had a full 
mane of
black hair, his skin was fair bronze and his eyes were golden brown.

Gene: It is Hercule!

"I couldn't help but notice how natural you looked, acting like a supermodel 
a few
minutes ago.  You looked absolutely stunning."

"Thank you."  Ryoko said in her most gracious manner, trying not let the
stranger annoy her.

"And what is your name?"

"My name's Ryoko. Yours?"

"My name is Goro."

"Well, nice to meet you, Goro.  I'd love to chat with you but I'm currently
enjoying my date with somebody else." Ryoko said bluntly.

"Oh.  You mean THAT little guy who's pointing his camera at you?"   Goro 
asked
while pointing at Tenchi.

All: (Cover their eyes) This isn't gonna be pretty

"Yes.  Him."  Ryoko confirmed, frowning at Goro's insult of Tenchi.

Meanwhile, it was really hot and Tenchi anticipated the taste of the 
ice-cold-sweet-taste of vanilla ice cream.

[Cherish every precious moment you have with her...]  those strange words 
just
kept lingering in his mind every time he thought about the Fortune telling
Machine.

It was finally Tenchi's turn to order.  He walked up to the window and found
that the clerk was one of his old school mates (from the currently 
undergoing
reconstruction of Okayama High School).  A schoolmate that he can never 
forget,
the guy was fat, very thick lips, thick octangular glasses, and short 
dandruffy
hair.

"Tenchi?  Tenchi Masaki?!"

"Amagasaki?  Is that you?"

Gene: Oh not this guy

"It sure is!  How are you?"

"I'm doing fine and you?"

"Just working and saving up some money.  Say, I noticed that girl you're 
with.
She looks pretty hot!  Is she your girlfriend?"

"Well, no.  Not exactly."

Ryoko: I'm his wife

"Then what?  Your sister?"

"No, no!  She's uh,...just a friend."

"Oh, just a friend.  Well then, in that case, could you introduce me to 
her?"

"What?"  Tenchi started.

"You said she's just a friend, right?  I find her very attractive."  
Amagasaki said, very interested.

Washu: Like she'd go out with him

Unaware of his facial expression, Tenchi frowned slightly at Amagasaki's 
request.

"I would really like to but I can't." Tenchi replied. "You see, she's not my
girlfriend, family, or just a friend."

"Oh?  What do you mean?"

"Well, um,  she's my date.  And I'm trying to get to know her a little 
better.
You understand that, right?"

"Oh sure!  I'm so sorry about that!"

"It's okay, it happens."

Aisha: How would he know?

"What would you like to order?"  Amagasaki said, changing the issue.

"Just two cones of vanilla ice cream."

"Coming right up!"

Amagasaki carried out Tenchi's order quickly and handed the ice cream cones 
to
Tenchi.

"Wow!  Thanks!  How much?"  Tenchi asked as he licked his ice cream.

"That'll be 200 yen."

Tenchi paid the clerk. Suddenly,  something in the back of his mind brought 
back
the words of the Fortune telling machine... "Cherish every precious moment 
you
have with her".  Tenchi looked over qt Ryoko's direction and noticed a huge,
muscular man talking to her.

"Uh oh."  Amagasaki said uneasily.

"Uh oh, what?"  Tenchi asked.

"You better watch out, Tenchi.  That guy's hitting on your date."

"You know him?"

"No but I've seen him work his charm.  He would hit on some girl regardless,
single or not, and then later on, he would break the poor girl's heart."

"Is that so..."  Tenchi said, not having realized that he was frowning even 
more.

Tenchi: Ok, I'll admit I'm mad

Goro


"So...,Ryoko." Goro addressed, showing off his muscles in different Iron-man
poses.

"What."  Ryoko replied, growing more annoyed of the strongman's presence.

"What do you see in that little runt?"

Gene: Good question

"Excuse me?"

"You know, that little runt you're with.  What's his name?"

"Tenchi."  Ryoko said, growling.

"Oh right, Tenchi."  Goro said smugly, rippling his pecks at Ryoko.  Ryoko 
rolled her eyes and finally lost her patience.

"Look, Goro.  I am really getting annoyed here.  Why don't you Amscre', ok?"

Clayton: I think in pig latin it's am-scray
Ryoko: Ut-shay up-ay

"You're telling me?  The 'Great Goro' to scram?"

"That's right."

"How can you say something like that?  No girl can't resist this!"  Goro 
said,
pointing at his abs and muscular features.

Washu, Aisha, and Ryoko: (Snicker)

"I can."  Ryoko replied coldly.  Ryoko looked over and noticed Tenchi 
returning.
Ryoko was relieved to see Tenchi, she smiled.  She turned and looked up at 
Goro.

"Here comes my Tenchi."  Ryoko warned.

"Oh he is, is he?"  Goro said confidently and turned around.

Tenchi arrived holding to two ice cream cones in his hands, he walked passed
Goro and stood in front of Ryoko.

"Here you go, Ryoko." Tenchi said, handing Ryoko her ice cream cone.

Ryoko happily received the cool treat and proceeded to lick off the vanilla.

Gene: (Starts to say something)
Aisha: (Gags him)

Goro cleared his throat and tapped Tenchi's shoulders.  "Excuse me."

Tenchi: You are excused, just cut down on the beans

Tenchi turned around and faced Goro.  "Yes?  Can I help you?"

"Yes, you can.  By handing me over your pretty little date."

Ryoko sighed in an exasperated manner, she continued on with her ice cream.

"E-excuse me?" Tenchi said, nervously.

"Yeah, you heard me.  I'm taking your date."

Tenchi: Why would I be worried?
Clayton: Good question. You can slice a spaceship in half after all

Tenchi glanced over to Ryoko with a confused looked, trying to figure out 
the
muscle man's aggressive intentions.  In response to Tenchi's silent 
question,
Ryoko shrugged.

"Pardon me but, uh...I didn't catch your name."

"My name's Goro and I am THE hunk of this beach."  Goro said with full 
bravado.

"Uh, right."  Tenchi replied uneasily

Meanwhile, behind the ice cream stand, the funny old man from the Beach
Accessories shop watched as events unfolded between Goro and Tenchi.


***


Washu

Washu: Yes?

Washu watched through the eyes of her invention with full attentiveness.  
Ryo-
ohki stood behind her and watched.  For nearly half an hour after the 
"Cat-Man"
incident, both had been quiet to each other, having agreed not to intervene 
on
Ryoko's date.  The "Cat-Man" incident nearly exposed Washu's invention and
things could've escalated.  Fortunately for Washu, things didn't.

Ryoko: You got lucky

But as Washu
and Ryo-ohki were about to leave Tenchi and Ryoko alone, a huge man walked 
up to Ryoko.  After another few minutes, the bigger man started to harass 
Tenchi.   Washu and Ryo-ohki both frowned at the computer screen.

"Ryo-ohki, we've got to do something about that big lug.

Washu: Quick, hand me my spinach!

I don't know about you
but I'm willing to bend the rules of our agreement."

"Miya."  Ryo-ohki agreed.

"How should we take care of this big lug, hmm?"

The humanoid cabbit held her little chin and thought for a moment.  After a 
long
silent minute, an idea finally came to mind.  Immediately,  Ryo-ohki 
transferred
her idea to Washu through their mental link.

"That's a cool idea!  Why didn't I think of that?"  Washu exclaimed.  Washu
typed onto her holocomputer at lightning speed.  Changing the form, size and
shape of the android.

Ryo-ohki shrugged and sent an insulting thought to Washu.

Washu: Why that ungrateful little monster!

"Oh hush!"  Washu barked.  "Don't let it go to your head that you thought of 
it
first!"

Ryo-ohki beamed happily as Washu continued on typing.

Ryoko: That's my sister!

Aeka's New Bodyguard


Meanwhile, back to the blue-roofed Masaki home,  Aeka and Shoji had just
finished changing into much drier clothing.  Both sat across from each other
from the living room area, waiting on Sasami to bring out some tea.

All day long, the thought of Tenchi and Ryoko being together for one day 
worried
Aeka deeply.  As if things weren't enough, her father had to send in a new 
body
guard to protect her.  Aeka studied Shoji for a couple of long, silent 
minutes
trying to figure out her father's motives on why he replaced her guardians 
with
Shoji.

Gene: To get you laid
Clayton: Asuza is a very involved father

Not wanting to make Shoji feel like a spy under an interrogating light,
she decided to start a simple, friendly question and answer conversation.

"Pardon me for being cold to you a little bit earlier."

"No not at all, your highness.  I deserved that treatment, after all,  I did 
get
you drenched and I apologize for that clumsy display."

"It is alright.  It is in the past, no need for any further apologies."  
Aeka
assured.

"As you wish."  Shoji said with relief.

Aeka smiled softly. "I did not quite catch your full name, what was it 
again?"

"My name is Shoji Takazawa of the Juraian Royal Guard."

"Takazawa?" Aeka said inquisitively.  The name seemed familiar to her 
somehow.

Clayton: Backwards it sounds like 'I was a cat'

"Yes."  Shoji replied.

"Hmm..." Aeka sounded as she thought through her memory.

As Aeka dug through her memories, Sasami walked out of the kitchen carrying 
a
tray with tea and crackers, ready to serve.

Gene: Did they chain her to the stove or what?

"Here you go!"  Said the cheerful blue-haired princess.

Shoji had an awe-struck look on his face. "Princess Sasami, you're serving 
tea
and crackers?"

"Yes?  Is there a problem?"  Asked the young one.

Ryoko: Yes! We ordered gram crackers! Twenty lashes and three more days in 
the kitchen

"No, none at all.  I just find it very interesting that a Juraian noble is
serving and cooking."

"Oh!  Well, I don't mind doing it.  I find it a very fulfilling experience."

Tenchi: We have trained her well

"Fulfilling?  How so?"  Shoji inquired curiously.

"I enjoy cooking mainly because it feels good.  I don't know.  It's just the
fact that I'm just so darn good at it!"

"Very fascinating."

"You think so?"  Asked Sasami.

"Yes, of course it is!  It's not everyday a Juraian noble decided to serve 
food
just for the sheer joy of it.  This shows very good character."

"Thanks Shoji!"  Sasami blushed.

"My pleasure, your highness."

At that very moment, Yosho walked into the house.  He stepped over to the 
living
room area.  Shoji stood up from the sofa and bowed his head to greet the old
man.

"Greetings, Prince Yosho."

"No need for formalities, Shoji.  You're on earth now and I don't want the
locals seeing a young man, like yourself, bowing to a Shinto priest in such 
a
formal manner."

"Indeed.  As you wish."

Clayton: The people from the Princess Bride are on the phone with a 
complaint

"So how do you like your new assignment, Shoji?"

"As far as I know, I think it's very unusual."

Yosho lifted an eyebrow and smiled.  "Oh? How so?"

"It's just so laid-back back on this planet."

"Do you find this unsettling?"  Asked Yosho.

"Oh no!"  Shoji replied immediately.  "I find that the countryside here is 
very
beautiful and it rivals that of Jurai's.  And for the sheer fact of knowing 
that
the presiding Juraian nobles are happy to be here."

"You are a very perceptive one, Shoji."  Yosho complimented.

"Yeah, well, anyhow.  That's basically my thoughts."

As the two Juraian males conversed,  Aeka watched silently.  She found 
herself
distracted from thinking about Tenchi and started to focus her full 
attention
onto Shoji.

Aisha: That's good

<There is this enigmatic quality about him.  His hair color is black and 
shorter
compared to most Juraian males; very uncharacteristic for a Juraian.  I 
wonder
if he has any roots on earth?>  Aeka thought.

Ryoko: So, she likes him cause he looks like Tenchi
Washu: Bet Mihoshi gets him

  <Even for a Juraian Knight, his
mannerisms are so informal.  Anyhow?  Now that is an unusual phrase!>  Aeka
smiled at the thought.  <And he doesn't seem to mind being on this planet.
Unlike Seriyou.>  She shivered at the thought of Seriyou.

All: (Shiver with her)

Sasami tugged at Aeka's sleeve. "Psst!  Hey Aeka."  Sasami whispered.

"What is it, Sasami?"

"Don't you think he's cute?"

"Sasami!"  Aeka whispered back, loudly.

Ryoko: I love that kid!

"What?"  Sasami asked innocently.

"Do not ask me that sort of question!  This is neither the time nor place!"

Aisha: When is?

"Alright.  Then I'll just ask you later."

Aeka sighed exasperatedly.  Both girls focused their attentions on Yosho and
Shoji.

"You are an interesting character, Shoji."

"Thank you.  Your words are too kind."

"You're welcome."  Yosho responded.  Then he had an idea.  "By the way, 
since I'm responsible for Aeka's safety, I have to make sure if you're 
qualified
enough to protect her."

"I understand your concern for the crown princess's well-being.  How do you
propose to test my capabilities?"

Tenchi: Multiple choice

"I want to see how well you hold out against me."

The trio were stunned by Yosho's proposal.

Gene: (As Shoji) I don't swing that way sir

Shoji regained his composure.  "You mean to tell me that you want to 
challenge
me in a mock duel?"

Clayton: PLEASE be challenging him to a dual

"That is correct."  Replied Yosho.

All: Hooray!

"Meet me at the shrine in half an hour.  I
look forward in seeing what you're capable of."

All: -_-

"My sentiment's exact."  Shoji said confidently.


***


Goro the Big Lug


"Listen, buddy, get it through your thick skull!"  Ryoko yelled.  "I don't 
want
to go anywhere with you!  So quit bugging us!"

"Don't sweat it babe.  I'll liberate you from this little runt in no time."
Said Goro.

"Who're you calling a RUNT?!"  Tenchi asked, finally losing patience, his 
fists
clenched tightly.

"I don't see any other runt around here, do you?"  Goro replied, poking his
finger on Tenchi.

Ryoko: I thought I saw Vegita earlier

"Or do you want to settle this in a man's way?"  Goro grinned,  cracking his 
knuckles.

"You leave Tenchi alone!!"  Ryoko barked, jumped and stood between Tenchi 
and
Goro. "You're not laying a finger on him!"

"Stand aside,  I'll release you of this burden!"  Goro demanded.

"Burden?!?"  Tenchi yelled, quizzically.  "Why you, stuck up, arrogant,
chauvenistic..."  Tenchi's noticed his explosive remarks

All: (Snort)
Clayton: Oh yeah, he's an animal
Gene: Nevt he'll call him a doody head

and realized his verbal
mistake, too late.

Tenchi: How do you yell quizically?

"Oh good!  Those sounded like fightin' words!"  Goro said excitedly, flexing 
himself, warming up for a brawl.  He steps closer to Tenchi but Ryoko pushes 
Goro back away.

"If you're going to hurt him!  You're going to have to get through me 
first!"
Ryoko proclaimed.

"Ryoko,  let's not get into this any deeper than it should be.  Let's just 
leave
him."  Tenchi said, calmly.

Tenchi: We're going home to mother's!
Washu: (Grins)
Ryoko: On second thought make that father's

He grabbed Ryoko's right arm and gently pulled her
away from Goro.

"Oh no you don't!"  Goro yelled out.  He grabbed Ryoko's left arm and 
started
pulling. "You're not getting her that easily!"

Clayton: Make a wish
Ryoko: Hey!

"Hey!  Let go of me, you idiot!"  Ryoko screamed. "Tenchi!"

"Let go of her!  Can't you see that she doesn't want to go with you?"  
Tenchi
said, pulling on Ryoko.

"She's mine, I tell you!"  Goro replied as he tugged.

"Tenchiii!"

"I'm doing the best I can!"

"You two stop pulling on me!!  This is really getting painful!"  Ryoko 
cringed.

"No way!  I'm not giving up until I have her!!" Goro affirmed.

"Let her go!  You're hurting her!!"  Tenchi yelled, pulling on Ryoko.

"Ouch ouch ouch!  Stop it, the both of you!  You're tearing me apart!"

Tenchi: Now you know how it feels

Throughout this ordeal, Ryoko realized something about Tenchi.  <This is 
what it feels like to be fought over.  To have myself and Aeka pulling 
Tenchi, hoping to win his love.>  Ryoko thought and frowned.

Ryoko: Sorry

The two continued pulling.  Suddenly, a hypnotic, sexy female voice is 
heard.

"Boys, boys, no need to fight over one girl.  I'm here."

Washu: Mom to the rescue!

Tenchi, Ryoko, and Goro suddenly stopped and turned their heads towards the
mysterious voice.  A tall, silky brunette, perfect tan skin, full red lips,
perfect curvy-athletic figure, and last but not least the young lady was a 
white
foreigner.

Gene: Washu, I'l buy that thing if you'll sell it. Melfina has a birthday 
coming up

Tenchi, Goro, and Ryoko stopped their bickering and were stunned by
the beauty of the new girl.  Ryoko was dropped to the sandy ground.  The
brunette swept her hair back and walked towards the Trio.  Tenchi quickly 
swayed
his attention from the girl and helped Ryoko to her feet.

Gene: Decent of him

"My name is Venus, Venus de Milo.  Miya."

Washu: What the hell was I thinking?

Goro straightened up and regained his composure.  He brushed back his black 
mane
of hair and cleared his throat.

"My name is Goro, uh, Goro de Marco."  Goro said and showed off his sparkly 
row
of teeth.

Tenchi: He needs a dentist

"Goro, eh?"  Venus said with curious interest.  She walked towards Goro.

Seizing the opportunity, Ryoko turned, faced Tenchi and pointed towards the
ocean waters.  Tenchi nodded back understanding Ryoko's gesture.  Suddenly, 
both
jumped to their feet and sprinted towards the waves.

Goro saw Tenchi and Ryoko ran off through the corner of his eye, he ignored 
the
two and focused his full attention onto the more beautiful girl

Tenchi: That's a matter of opinion

named Venus.

"So, Venus." Goro smirked. "Now that we're both alone.  How should we better
acquaint ourselves?"

"You want to know?  Miya."  Venus asked, seductively.  She stepped closer to
Goro and ran her fingers down his chest.

"Oh yeah."

"Then I'll show you..." She said.  Venus stepped away from Goro and walked
towards a secluded back area of the seaside hotel. "Follow me."  She blew a 
kiss
at Goro.

Goro happily obliged Venus's enticing invitation.  After a few minutes of
following Venus, they finally reached the seclusion.  The seclusion was 
perfect,
it's away from any outside contact and they could do anything they wanted.
Venus turned and faced Goro with yearning eyes.

"So, what now?"  Goro asked sheepishly.

"What do you think, you fool?!  Kiss me!! Miya!"  Venus exclaimed and ran
towards Goro's open arms.  They embraced each other and kissed each other 
full
force.

Gene: The force is strong in this one
Clayton: (As Yoda) Can not teach this one. IQ of 30 has he

Goro closed his eyes letting all his senses focus on Venus's working lips.  
He
held her tighter and kissed like he never kissed before.  After a long 
sensual
moment, he opened his eyes, his eyes bulged out of their sockets.  The site 
he
saw was absolutely shocking!

Instead of finding himself kissing a beautiful foreign girl in his embrace, 
he
was lip-locking with an old man!  An old, decrepit, short, and wrinkled up 
man
was kissing him.

Gene: On second thought (As Obi-wan) This is not the drpoid I'm looking for

"AAAAAAAAAAHHHH!" Goro screamed, dropping the old man to the ground.  Goro
started to spit and gag all over the sands. "What the-?! Where's Venus?  
What
have you done to her?"

"Oh, Venus?  Miya! She's gone.  She wanted me to take care of you. Miya!"

All: Ew!

"What? Where's Venus?"  Goro asked again while gagging.

"Miya! Geez, you are thick-headed, aren't you?  Miya!  Oh well,  makes it 
easier
for me."  Said, the old man.  "Miya!"

"W-What do you mean?"  Goro said nervously. "Miya?  Why are you meowing like 
a
cat?"

The old man did not answer, he suddenly turned into a mass of green gelatin 
and
enveloped Goro.

Aisha: Theres always room for Jello

Goro struggled vainly for several minutes but finally gave out.  The green 
gelatin flashed bright red and released Goro.  The green gelatin reverted 
back to the form of an old man.  The old man clapped and
rubbed his hands together, content with the results.

"There!  All finished!  No more kitty-cat bugs in the system!  I'm cured!"  
Said
the old man.  Looking down at Goro, who was now crawling around the sands on 
all
fours like a cat.

"Miya! Miya! Miya!"  Goro meowed.

"I am a genius!"

"Miya!"  Goro replied.  Then he stopped crawling,  he sat on one spot, 
lifted
his leg and started licking his underside.

"Well, looks like my work here is done. Switching off..."


***


Washu and Ryo-ohki


"Yes!  Alright!  We've succeeded, Ryo-ohki!"  Washu said, giving the toddler 
a
high five.

"Miya!!  Miya!"  The cabbit toddler exclaimed.

Ryoko: (Translates) I am not a cat!

"Okay, we've had enough fun for one day."

"Miya..."  Ryo-ohki said disappointedly.

"I know I know.  Let's just leave the two of them alone, alright?  We've 
helped
them enough, they're on their own from this point on."

"Miya! Miya?" Ryo-ohki asked with a hint of concern for Goro.

"Don't be silly!  I'm not that cruel!  Don't worry, the big lug will come 
out of
that cat trance in a day or two."

Ryoko: Unfortunately a little girl found him and had him neutered

"Miya!"

Washu switched her holocomputer off and the screen disappeared.  Washu stood 
up from her chair and stretched.

"Let's go see what the others are up to."

"Miya!  Miya!"  Ryo-ohki said happily.  The toddler jumped up with a loud 
pop,
and in mid-air, suddenly turned into a cabbit.  The cabbit landed on top of
Washu's head.

"Heh heh, Cute little furrball." Washu smiled, patted the cabbit, and made 
her
way towards the exit door.


Shoji Vs. Yosho

Clayton: Mortal Kombat!

Shoji, Sasami, and Aeka finally arrived at the front of the shrine.  Yosho 
stood
patiently, ready and waiting. Shoji stepped away from Aeka and Sasami and 
stood
three yards in front of Yosho.  Aeka and Sasami sat at the steps of the 
entrance
of the Shrine.

"Are you ready, Shoji?"  Asked, Yosho.

"I'm ready."

"Good, we'll duel with these."  Yosho said, he threw a bokken over to Shoji.
Shoji caught the bokken with his left hand and immediately postured into a
Juraian ready stance.

"What are the rules?"

"The rule is: First one to successfully strike one blow to the other's 
chest,
wins.  No rematches, 'three out of fives', or anything likewise."

"Understood."

"Let's begin."  Yosho said and stood ready for the duel.

Silence passed over, during this, Shoji knew exactly what Yosho was capable 
of
as a Swordsman.  Before Yosho left Jurai, seven hundred years ago, he was
considered the best and greatest swordsman on Jurai.  Shoji would hear 
stories
about Yosho's powerful skills and how he would devoutly practice his 
techniques
daily.  Shoji respected Yosho as a swordsman and what he stood for,  at the 
time
of Ryoko's Attack on Jurai, Shoji was merely a young Royal Squire in his 
fourth
year of training.  In a way, Yosho was his role model and the pinnacle of 
all
the values Shoji believed in.

Aisha: All of which he betrayed when he pretended to be old, turned his 
fianc'e on his grandson, and let everyone else go fight Kagato instead of 
him

And now, he had the chance to see how well his
skills will hold out against Yosho's, a chance to see how years of training 
and
experience has shaped
him as a swordsman.

As Yosho waited for Shoji's first strike,  Yosho thought about the news that
surrounded Aeka's new bodyguard.  A few days ago, after having received the
message from the king of Jurai that Shoji was to be Aeka's new Guardian, 
Yosho
decided to do a little research on Shoji's past.  Courtesy of Washu's hyper
channel communicator that was installed into his room.  Yosho was able to 
talk
to one of his closest friends from childhood, Shoji's superior commander. 
The
talk with his long-time friend, Naoju,  proved to be most interesting.  
Shoji
had served in the Royal Guard for the past several hundred years and had 
shown
great potential as a swordsman.  From what Naoju had told Yosho, Shoji had 
been
through quite a lot in his service and has attained a great amount of
experience.  Yosho considered these points and decided to be extra cautious.

After a silent minute,  Yosho and Shoji charged each other at a blinding 
speed.
Running and swinging his bokken, Shoji passed Yosho and missed.  He 
immediately
turned around and deflected Yosho's strike.  Shoji back-flipped over Yosho's
head and landed behind him and swung.  Not fast enough, Shoji missed Yosho
again,  Yosho had leapt forward to avoid Shoji's strike.

As the two Juraian males fought on,  Aeka and Sasami watched with great
interest.  Aeka watched as her older brother charged Shoji, she was grateful
that the duel helped her distract her thoughts away from Tenchi.  But then
again, she thought about Tenchi anyways,  for some odd reason she knew that
things were going to change between Tenchi, Ryoko, and herself.  Aeka felt
extreme anxiety, not wanting to know on how things will turn out after their
date.

Ryoko: I think she already guessed

<If Tenchi chooses Ryoko to be his love,  I will just simply go back home to
Jurai, I will not look back and will not think about it any further.

Clayton: Liar!

Why should
I stay and watch Tenchi enjoy being around Ryoko?

Aisha: Because you are insane

I will not be able to bare
it!>  Aeka buried the frightening thought and continued on watching the duel 
to
distract herself away from thinking about Tenchi and Ryoko.  She refocused 
her
attention back to the duel.

"So this is where you girls are."  Washu said, sitting down next Aeka.

"Oh, hello Washu."  Aeka greeted.

"Hi, Washu!"  Sasami greeted happily.  Ryo-ohki hopped from Washu's head and
onto Sasami's.  The little princess welcomed the cabbit with a giggle.

"Well!  I'm going to go make some lunch!"  Sasami jumped up from the steps 
and
ran towards the house.  "I'll be back with the food!"  And ran off with 
Ryo-ohki
enjoying her ride, atop the princess's head.

"See you later, Sasami!" Washu yelled out and looked over and noticed the 
duel
between Yosho and a person she had never seen before.

"Hey, who's the new guy?"  Washu, asked.

"He is my new guardian."  Aeka answered.

"New guardian?"  Washu inquired further. "Since when?"

"Since this morning,  my father has reassigned Azaka and Kamadake to protect
Sasami and they were replaced by Shoji."

"Hmm.  Really..."  Washu said curiously.

"Yes.  Really."

"I wonder why my father would do that in the first place.  The two guardians 
did
a sufficient job with my protection.  Why would he suddenly replace them?"

"Gee, I wonder why, Aeka..."  Washu said sarcastically.

Gene: Atleast someone figured it out

<Isn't it obvious to you that your father is trying to get you to see eye to
eye?  Are you THAT engrossed with Tenchi to not see the reasons?>

Ryoko: Do you have to ask?

Washu thought
for a second, she checked over to Aeka. <No wait. Stupid question.>

Washu looked over to Shoji and peered back to Aeka, the genius noticed that 
the
princess was paying extra close attention to the fight.

<But then again, Aeka does seem to be a bit curious about Shoji.  Once 
Tenchi
and Ryoko returns, I wonder how this will turn out.>  Washu thought and 
smiled
deviously.

Clayton: I think that's pretty obvious

With a simple whim of her hand, she brought out her holocomputer and started 
to
type away.  Aeka noticed and faced Washu with a curious look.

"Washu, what are you doing?"

"Oh I'm just doing some miscellaneous study.  I just wanted to collect some 
data
on Juraian biological fighting mechanics, you know, the study of movement."

"Oh, I see."  Aeka said with fascination.  "You never seem to stop studying,
do you?"

Washu: All work and no play makes Washu a dull girl...

"Nope."

"I figure you would say that.  You never-ending bookworm."  Aeka teased and
smiled.

Washu ignored Aeka and continued on studying the two fighters. The 
holocomputer
lit up with a flurry of information.  Washu beamed at the newly acquired 
data.

"Very interesting..."  Washu said contently.

Aeka sighed.  "You are hopeless."

Washu: Look whos talking

***


Oh!  Hello, Dolphin!


After ditching Goro at the shore,  Tenchi and Ryoko swam around in clear 
blue
waters for a few minutes.  Already putting Goro way back in the back of 
their
thoughts, both laughed and enjoyed the cool refreshing ocean waters.  They 
were
about twenty five yards away from the shore, both stopped swimming and stood 
up.
Ryoko stood next to Tenchi, to their surprise, the water was only 
chest-level.
Ryoko still wore her red tank top and jean shorts over her bikini.  Tenchi 
was
just wearing his swimming trunks.  Annoyed by the weight of her wet 
clothing,
Ryoko took off her shorts and red tank top to expose her swim attire.

"Ah!  Now that feels better!"  Ryoko said with relief and threw her clothes
aside into the water.

Tenchi noticed Ryoko's disregard for her clothing. "Uhh..., Ryoko.  Won't 
you
need to change into those after we finish swimming?"

Ryoko: I hope not!

"Nah, no need.

Aisha: Stop saying that!

I have another pair back at the beach house."  Ryoko looked over
to the shore of the beach and found that Goro wasn't there.  "Phew!  Thank 
god
he's gone!"  She exclaimed.

"Tell me about it.  That was the first time anybody knew how to push my 
buttons.
That guy was so full of himself."  Tenchi said.

Ryoko nodded in agreement.  Then, she heard a peculiar squeaking sound 
coming
from behind, Ryoko turned around and was suddenly overtaken by excitement.  
She
walked towards the source of the sound.  Leaving Tenchi behind.

"Well, that's the end of him.  I sure hope he doesn't bother us anymore.  So
what do you want to do now, Ryoko?"  Tenchi asked.  He turned to his left 
side
to face Ryoko but she wasn't near.  "Uh..., Ryoko?"

Ryoko: Right here

Tenchi scanned around for her in the surrounding waters.  Ryoko was no where 
to
be seen.

"Ryokooo!  Where are youuu?"  Tenchi inquired.  Through the corner of his 
eye he
briefly saw a blur pass beside him.  "What the...?"

Suddenly, Tenchi was enveloped by a pillar of water.  He found himself 
briefly
underwater, Tenchi quickly jumped up and broke the water surface.  He spat 
out
the briny contents of the seawater and heard Ryoko's laughter.

"YIPPEEEE!"  Ryoko cheered happily, as she held on to the dolphin's flipper,
riding through the water.

Gene: (sings) They call him Flipper...

"R-Ryoko?"

"Look at me, Tenchi!  I'm riding a shark!"

"That's not a shark!"  Tenchi laughed as he watched the blue dolphin pulled
Ryoko above the water's surface.  Ryoko freed herself from the dolphin and 
swam
towards Tenchi.

"Then what was that, I was riding on?"

Aisha: Goro

"That's a dolphin.  Blue-nosed, I think."

Tenchi: You mean bottle nose?

"Oh yeah, that's right.  A shark's a little bit more dangerous, isn't it?"

"Uh-huh."

"Are there any around these waters?"

"Nope not that I know of.  I don't remember hearing about any news of shark
attacks around the Naroda
area."

"Oh ok, then I won't worry about it."

The little dolphin swam up to Tenchi.

"Uh..., hello!"  Tenchi greeted to the porpoise.

The dolphin whistles and click in return.

"Looks like it likes you, Tenchi."

Aisha: Must be a girl
Clayton: No kidding

"You think so?"  Tenchi asked and looked over to Ryoko.

Ryoko grinned and nodded to Tenchi.

"Ah! I guess I have my ways with animals."  Tenchi said happily turned over 
to
face the dolphin.  "Cute little..."  Suddenly, Tenchi was cut off 
mid-sentence
by a huge spurt of water from the dolphin's mouth.

Tenchi: Of course

Ryoko hugged herself and laughed out loud at Tenchi's wet reception.  As 
Ryoko
chuckled jovially, Tenchi coughed hard spitting out the salty water from his
mouth.  The dolphin swam vertically atop the ocean's surface and moved
backwards.  Then it disappeared below the surface of the water.

"Hahaha!"  Ryoko laughed.

"Quit laughing!  That's not funny!"

"For you it wasn't, but for me on the other hand..."  Ryoko cut herself off 
and
continued on laughing.

"Oh yeah?"  Tenchi said deviously.  He immediately splashed the laughing 
Ryoko
with a small wave of water.

Ryoko coughed and gave Tenchi a furious look.

"Now that's funny! HAHAHAHA!"  Tenchi chuckled.

"Oh, is that right?"  Ryoko challenged.  "I am the water queen!"

Ryoko: Technically I'm also the queen of Jurai if Asuza and his wives die

She
immediately splashed water at Tenchi's direction but he  ducked into the 
crystal clear water to avoid Ryoko's attack.  Tenchi suddenly popped back up 
and splashed Ryoko even more.

"I've got you!  Water queen!"  Tenchi proclaimed gallantly, splashing Ryoko 
even
further.

"AAH!"  Ryoko yelled happily, shielding the incoming water with her arms.  
Ryoko
gasped with a shocked look in her eyes.  She pointed her finger at an object
behind Tenchi.  "Look!  I can't believe it!  There's Washu!"

Washu: (As Dr. Nick) Hi everybody!

Tenchi's laugh disappeared.  "Huh? Where?"

"Sucker! Gotcha!"  Ryoko exclaimed and splashed Tenchi.

"Oh!  Being sneaky, eh?"

Both continued splashing water at each other, giggling.  When suddenly, they
here a strange rumbling-wavy sound coming from the open sea.

"uhh..., Ryoko?  Do you hear that?"

Ryoko nodded.  Tenchi and Ryoko turned around to see where the sound was
emanating from.

"AAAAHHH!"  Both screamed simultaneously as a whole pod of dolphins swam 
past
by, causing a huge onslaught of water.  After being drenched by the wave of 
sea
water, Tenchi and Ryoko stood up and stared at the laughing porpoises.

Ryoko: They did that on porpoise!
Aisha: Oh no, she's resorting to puns

***


Lunch!

Clayton: Break time!

Sasami returned to the shrine, carrying with her a tray full of lunch.  The
edibles were mostly comprised of finger foods and enough rice bowls to feed 
the
group.  Sasami sat down next to Aeka and Washu.  Sasami reached into her 
pocket
and grabbed an orange carrot.  She held the carrot in hand and reached over 
her
head and offered it to Ryo-ohki.  The cabbit happily accepted.

Washu smiled slightly and switched off her holocomputer.  She reached over 
to
the food trey and grabbed a deep-fried vegetable.  Aeka did likewise.

"Lunch is ready!" Sasami shouted to the dueling Juraians.

"Oh great! I'm starving!"  Shoji exclaimed as he deflected one of Yosho's
strike.

"Mmm..., likewise."  Yosho added, as he dodged under Shoji's swing.

Both ran towards the steps of the shrine, swinging and striking at each 
other.
Seeing this,  Aeka, Sasami, and Washu screamed and quickly moved out of 
harm's
way.

"Yosho!" Aeka said angrily. "You are carrying this way out of hand!"

"Relax, Aeka.  We're trained professionals, Shoji and I know what we're 
doing."
Yosho retorted as he dodged another Shoji's swings and quickly grabbed a 
rice
bowl.

"You could have warned us that you were going to..."

"Let them have their fun, Aeka."  Washu jumped in. "After all boys will be
boys."

"Oh fine."  Aeka said harshly.

Shoji immediately grabbed his rice bowl and jumped back to avoid Yosho's 
bokken.
Holding the rice bowl in his left hand,  Yosho poured the contents of the 
bowl
down his mouth and rapidly chewed.  Shoji charged Yosho while putting the 
bowl
back in it's place on Sasami's tray.

"Thanks, princess Sasami."  He said as he passed the princess.

"My pleasure!"  Sasami returned.

Shoji immediately jumped up again to avoid Yosho's bokken swipe.  Yosho 
passed
by Sasami and placed his bowl onto the tray.

"Thank you, Sasami."  Yosho gratified the princess as he charged towards 
Shoji.

"Sure thing, Yosho!"  Sasami said happily.

And so, Yosho and Shoji continued on with their battle...

Washu started her way back towards the house. "Well, girls I'm heading' back 
home. I've gathered more than enough data for my research and from what I 
can
conclude.  I can tell where this fight's going to head and it'll be a VERY 
long
while until they reach the end. See you two later."

"Alright." Remarked, Aeka.

"See you later Washu!"  Said, Sasami.

"Miya!  Miya!"  Followed the cabbit.

All: (Back)
***


S. O. S.

Clayton: I saw that! Trying to call for help?
Gene: No, I swear!

Further away from the beach's shore, Tenchi and Ryoko laughed, played, and
enjoyed the time of their lives with their new-found mammal friends.  The 
water
was already eight feet in depth and Tenchi stayed with the main pod.  While
Ryoko wanders off with her favorite dolphin, separating from the group.  She
happily named the dolphin 'Echo', mainly because of the deep sounds it made.

Clayton: Echo later went on to get his own video game

With the memories of Goro far buried in her mind, Ryoko swam underwater 
along
side with the young mid-sized dolphin.  Due to her yellow-feral eyes, 
Ryoko's
eyesight underwater was ten times keener compared to all humans.  Ryoko swam
close and grabbed onto the left flipper of the porpoise.  The dolphin 
happily
pulled Ryoko along the water.  As the ceiling of water passed over her head,
Ryoko noticed a little boy a few yards ahead.

<What's a little kid doing all the way out here?>  Ryoko thought curiously.  
She
signaled the dolphin to swim closer to investigate.

As they drew closer, Ryoko quickly realized that the little kid was clearly 
face
down, bobbing up and down in the water.  They broke the surface and finally
reached the boy and Ryoko quickly examined him.  His eyes were closed and he
wasn't breathing.

<Okay, Ryoko. Don't panic.  Check for a pulse.>  Ryoko thought to herself.  
She
did her best over the moving water to check his pulse, she examined the 
little
one's neck.  She concentrated for a moment.  <Oh thank god!>  She found a 
very
faint but fading pulse.

Ryoko quickly signaled Echo to swim over.  She held on to the boy tight and
grabbed onto Echo's flipper.  The dolphin sped towards the beach's shore.

Meanwhile, Tenchi popped up through the surface of the water, marveled at 
being
around dolphins for the very first time in his life.

"I will never forget this day, Ryoko.  How are you enjoying it so far?" 
Tenchi
asked and waited a moment for Ryoko's reply. "Ryoko?"

No answer.

Clayton: The party you have dialed is no longer available

Tenchi looked around for Ryoko, she wasn't nearby.

"Grrr!  I hate it when she does that!"  Tenchi growled. "Now where did she 
go?"

"Teenchiii!!"  Ryoko screamed.

Tenchi quickly looked around and spotted Ryoko.

"I've found a kid!  He's not well, I'm going to help him!"

Tenchi found her riding towards the shore of the beach at a very rapid pace. 
  He
quickly signaled a dolphin over and he held onto it's dorsal fin.  The 
dolphin
clicked and squeaked, Tenchi patted it's head and the dolphin sped off 
towards
the shore like a torpedo.

Ryoko had already carried the kid in her arms to the shore, the youngster 
had
lost his pulse.  She carefully placed him on a blanket that was laying 
nearby on
the sand.  A curious crowd started to gather around Ryoko.

"Okay, folks!  I need some room!"  Ryoko demanded.  The crowd curiously 
watched
and whispered to each other as Ryoko positioned the boy on his back.  She 
placed
his back and neck in an upward position to open up a clear airway.  Ryoko 
opened
his mouth and started to blew in air into his lungs.

Tenchi had reached the gathered crowd.  He pushed his way through, he 
reached
the center of the commotion and found Ryoko performing CPR to a young child. 
  He
watched as Ryoko tried to start up the boy's circulation by pumping his 
chest
with her clasped hands.  He quickly realized that his camera was still in 
his
pocket from earlier.  He quickly pulled out the camera and started to take
pictures.

"Come on!  Breathe!"  Ryoko yelled out.  She breathed into his lungs.  After
three breaths, she went back to pumping his heart.

Finally, after a minute of CPR, the boy quickly turned to his side.  He 
started
to convulse violently, he coughed and spat out water from his lungs.  The
surrounding crowd cheered and celebrated at Ryoko's quick life-saving 
actions.
A girl stepped out from the crowd and wraps a blanket around the young boy.
Several others gathered around Ryoko, they hugged, patted her on the 
shoulders
and also shook hands with her.

Tenchi watched as the crowd congratulated Ryoko on a job well done.  Tenchi
smiled at Ryoko, very proud of her.  Ryoko looked over to Tenchi and smiled 
at
him.

Aisha: Hard to joke about this

<Cherish every precious moment you have with her...>  The same words ran 
through
his mind.  He took the last two remaining pictures of Ryoko giving out a 
victory
sign at the camera.  After taking the pictures, he placed the camera back 
into
his pocket.  He walked through the talking crowd that surrounded Ryoko.

Tenchi finally reached her and hugged her.  "Well done, Ryoko."

"Thank you, Tenchi."  Ryoko said, hugging back.

"Excuse me, miss?"  Said a young voice.

"Yes?"  as she turned away from Tenchi and looked down to find that the 
little
kid she saved was standing, wrapped in a blanket.  A lifeguard stood next to 
him, holding him by the arm.  "Thank you for saving my life."

"No need to thank me.  Sorry I couldn't have been there any sooner."

Washu: The author seems to be trying out story ideas

"Better late than never."  The boy retorted.  He bowed his head to Ryoko.  
"I
thank you again.  By the way, my name's Haruo."

"My name's Ryoko and this is Tenchi."

Haruo turned to Tenchi and greeted him with a bow.  "Hello, Tenchi."

"Hello, Haruo."  Tenchi returned the boy's greeting.

"Is Ryoko you're girlfriend?  You're a very lucky."  Haruo winked.

"Well..."  Tenchi said nervously.  "She's more like a date."

All: Wuss!

Ryoko sighed under her breath.  The crowd had begun to disperse.

"Oh, sorry if I said something wrong."  Haruo apologized.

"No, not at all!"  Tenchi said quickly.

"My father owns that seaside hotel, over there."  Haruo pointed towards the
hotel.  "I would very much like to repay you back by inviting you to the 
Annual
Naroda Beach dance."

"We'll be there, tonight."  Said Ryoko and Tenchi.

"What time will it start?"  Asked Tenchi.

"It'll start in an hour at eight o'clock."

"Eight o'clock?"  Tenchi said a little startled.  He looked at his sports 
watch
and realized how much time has quickly passed.  The time was seven o'clock.
"Wow."  Tenchi commented.

Tenchi: No kidding, we got in the water a little after noon. That's a long 
time to swim

"Okay?"  Asked, Haruo.

"Okay we'll see you then."  Said, Ryoko.

"Alright!"  Haruo exclaimed.  He hugs Ryoko.  "I'll see you later then!  
Bye!"
Haruo runs off towards the seaside hotel.

"Sweet kid."  Ryoko commented.

"Yeah." Tenchi agreed.  He turned to Ryoko.  "So..."

"So what?"  Ryoko asked.

"What shall we do now until eight o'clock?"

Gene: You can't be this dumb

"Let's just watch the sunset together, ok?"  Ryoko suggested.

"Umm..., Alright."

All: Awww, how sweet

Tenchi and Ryoko sat down next to each other on the sand and peered out to 
the
ocean horizon.  The Sun is only a quarter of an hour away until it actually
starts setting.  Still proud of Ryoko's life saving actions, Tenchi decided 
to
reach over and hold Ryoko's right hand.

Aisha: Not the left one mind you

Both decided not to ruin the beauty of the setting horizon,  so they kept 
silent
for the duration of what's left of daylight.  Ryoko felt Tenchi's hand held 
her
right hand.  Not knowing what to think or say, Ryoko blushed instead and 
gazed
onto the sea as the sun begun it's process to kiss it's horizon.


***


The Duel's Conclusion


The crimson sky had begun to sink over the Okayama countryside

Ryoko: The sky is falling!

approaching the
dark night. Yosho and Shoji had managed to move the fight over from the 
shrine,
through the woods, and finally ending up at the lake. For four hours the 
duel
carried on, neither one had any intention of losing but they were both 
getting
really tired.

Aeka watched the duel from the house,  she leaned against the frame of her
bedroom window and found that the two Juraian males were on opposite sides 
of
the lake.  She watched as Yosho jumped up from his side of the lake, leaping
several meters into the air.  Aeka looked over and found Shoji doing 
likewise.
Both clashed and swung at each other in mid-air over the lake.

Gene: In the end there can be only one

Their bokkens
collided with each other as they fell straight towards the water.  Instead
of falling straight through, they landed on the surface of the lake!  Both 
ran
across the top of the lake, as if on solid ground breaking the rules of 
physics.

Washu: Ha!

Shoji and Yosho swung and struck at each other, as they neared the shore of 
the
lake, suddenly, at the very last minute before reaching solid ground, Shoji
slipped on a patch of mud.  He fell face forward into the muddy shore of the
lake. Yosho seized the opportunity and tagged Shoji's chest with his bokken.
Shoji stood up and noticed that his clothes were completely covered in muck.

"Great."  Shoji commented as he looked at the dark-brown muck on his 
clothing.
Then Shoji hears an elegant giggle emanating from the house.  He immediately
spotted Princess Aeka chuckling from a second-story window.  Shoji blushed
slightly.

Yosho walked over and placed his right hand on Shoji's shoulder.

"There there, no need to feel defeated.  You held up very well against me.  
One
of the longest duels I've ever had."

"Thank you, Prince Yosho."

"Please, just call me Yosho but I rather much prefer Katsuhito.  I want to 
treat
you as an equal, rather than a servant.  Princess Aeka will treat you 
likewise
and I expect you to treat us in the same manner."

Ryoko: Yeah right!

"Understood.  It'll take some getting use to but I'll try, nevertheless. 
Thank
you, again."

"Your skills as a knight are exceptional.  If you hadn't slipped, the duel
would've lasted longer.  But considering how well you held up against me, I
consider you the same equivalent to my capabilities.  I feel safe that 
you're
Aeka's new guardian."

"You're too kind." Shoji said modestly. "I shall do my keenest to protect 
her
with my life."

Tenchi: Oh that's just peachy keen

"I don't doubt it.  Why don't you go and wash up." Yosho suggested.

Shoji nodded in agreement.  He turned and bowed to Yosho, Yosho returned the
gesture.  Then, Shoji walked off to go change.  Yosho watched as Shoji left.

"Eww..."  Yosho commented as he looked at his right hand and watched as the
slimy-smelly mud slipped
through his fingers.


***


Dance Party at the Seaside Hotel


The seaside hotel's outdoor ballroom was filled with music and dancing 
couples.
As expected the dress code was casual beach attire and the music was nice,
soothing and romantic.  Tenchi and Ryoko walked along the side of the wooden
dance floor.  Ryoko was still wearing her beach bikini and Tenchi was 
wearing a
white T-shirt and his swimming trunks, both sat down at a nearby table.  
Haruo
looked all over and finally spotted his special guests, he walked over to 
Tenchi
and Ryoko.

"Hello Ryoko!  Hello Tenchi!  Welcome!"

"Hello Haruo!"  Ryoko greeted back.

"Hi Haruo."  Tenchi returned.

The ten year old blushed and struggled with his words.  "Uhh..., Miss Ryoko?
Um, uh, can you, uh..."

"What can I do for you, Haruo?"

"Well..., um since you saved my life and all...can you..."  Haruo said 
fiddling
with his fingers.  "I know I'm just a kid and all but..."

"Haruo, spit it out."  Ryoko demanded in a friendly way.

"Can you have this one dance with me?"

All: (Laugh at Ryoko)

"Sure!"

"R-really?!"

"C'mon, let's go tear up the rug."  Ryoko stood up from her chair and held 
the
little kid's hand.

"Yaay!"  The boy exclaimed, following Ryoko to the wooden dance floor.

Washu: So after all the trouble I go through with Goro he loses her to that 
little punk

Tenchi watched as Ryoko walked off to the dance floor, he beamed at Ryoko's
generosity. "Have fun dancing!"  Tenchi said to Ryoko. "I'll just sit here 
and
watch."

Ryoko turned around and gave Tenchi an evil grin. "You're not off the hook, 
that
easily.  You're next right after this."

Ryoko: Much better

"Uhh, ok."  Tenchi returned nervously.

Ryoko winked back in response.  Then an easing song started up in the 
speakers.
She turned to Little Haruo and smiled softly.

"Okay kid, let's begin."

Haruo nodded and took Ryoko's right hand and placed his left hand on her 
lips.

Gene: Weird dances they have in Japan

The uneven-looking couple began to dance waltz around the dance floor with 
Ryoko
doing the lead.

Under soft roaming lights of the ballroom,  Tenchi watched and admired 
Ryoko's
fluent yet gentle movements, as she graced the dance floor.

<I didn't know she learned how to dance.> He thought.  Tenchi looked at 
Haruo's
face and noticed his innocent-boyish smile.  <Well, he's definitely happy 
about
it.>

Tenchi: No doubt (Hugs Ryoko)

Ryoko danced along the floor with Haruo through out the song.

"I'm curious.  How did you end up so faraway from shore?"

"I was on my inflatable row boat when I ventured out.  I kinda got carried 
away
and ended up rowing out too far.  So I decided to row back to shore but when 
I
did, the float was leaking air!  As you can see, the rest is history."  
Haruo
beamed.

She gazed at the Haruo's young face and enjoyed the boy's warm handsome 
smile.
Ryoko smiled back at him, proud of the fact that she saved his life.  
Knowing
that she was the one that was responsible for giving him a chance at life, 
love,
and happiness.

Ryoko: I wonder if I can get into his parent's will

The song finally ended, and the dancing lights stopped moving.  The dancers
started to walk off the dance floor.

"Well, I have to go now.  Thank you for dancing with me!"  Haruo thanked as 
he
gave Ryoko a big hug.

"You're welcome, kiddo.  Anytime."  Ryoko hugged back and patted Haruo's 
head.

Haruo laughed happily and walked off the dance floor, waving back at Ryoko 
as he
left the Outdoor ballroom, she waved back.  As soon as Haruo left, Ryoko 
looked
over to Tenchi's direction, she found him sitting at the table looking at 
her.
Ryoko held up her finger and pointed at him.

Ryoko: You have food on your mouth

Tenchi saw that Ryoko was the only one left standing on the dance floor. He
noticed that Ryoko pointed her finger at him.  He looked around and pointed 
at
himself and looked at her questioningly.  "Me?"  He asked silently.

Washu: No, the other guy she's in love with

Ryoko nodded affirmative.

Tenchi nervously stood up and walked over to Ryoko.  As soon as he reached
Ryoko, the music immediately started and the lights begun to dance slowly 
across
the ballroom.

"Hello, Tenchi."  Ryoko greeted.

"Hello, Ryoko."

"Ready to dance?"

"Uhh..., sure."  Tenchi answered nervously.

Tenchi placed his right hand on Ryoko's hip and held Ryoko's right hand.

Gene: So he pinned her hand to her hip?

Ryoko noticed Tenchi's apprehensiveness. "What's wrong?  Don't want to 
dance?"

"No, it's not that, it's just been awhile since I've danced."

"Oh.  Well that's no problem just follow my lead and it'll all come back to
you."

"Um..., okay." Tenchi complied.

Ryoko began to move Tenchi along with the romantic rhythm of the song.

As the crowd gathered onto the dance floor, Tenchi quickly recognized the 
song
that was being played over the speakers.  He knew the song was from an 
animated
movie called X:1999, Forever My Love.  He never liked the voice of the lead 
singer but he always loved the music went along with it.  The elegant piano, 
the rhythmic hypnotic sound of the guitars and his absolute favorite: the 
sweeping violins.  Overall, Tenchi adored the song.  He gazed at Ryoko and 
did his best to keep up with her natural rhythm.

Ryoko smiled, she freed her hand from Tenchi's right,  placed her arms 
around
Tenchi's neck,

Tenchi: (Chokes) Can't... breathe

and rested her head on his chest.  Tenchi placed his right hand
on her hips, he felt Ryoko's body press up against him,  Tenchi blushed a
little.

(Oh tell me why!  Forever dream...}  As part of the song sung out.

"Tenchi..." Ryoko whispered into his ear in dreamy way. "This is so 
romantic..."

"Mmmm..." Tenchi sounded contently.  Tenchi found that his arms embraced 
Ryoko
from around her waist.

Ryoko: Stop doing weird things with your hands

{Will you stay with me...}

Tenchi closed his eyes and found himself neck-to-neck with Ryoko.  For once, 
he
wasn't nervous around Ryoko and he loved the feeling of the close and secret 
intimacy being
shared.  This was a side of Ryoko he rarely ever saw, he had the general 
thought of her
having the care-free-bad-girl persona,

Aisha: Just like me

except for the time with the Zero incident.
<Maybe it's because of Zero that Ryoko's acting
this way.>  Tenchi thought curiously. <She has toned down a bit since then,
except for the time with the king of Jurai.  Oh well, whatever, Tenchi.  
Just
enjoy the moment while it lasts.> He told himself.

Ryoko was already floating with joy as she danced with the man she loved.  
The
date had went by so well, with a few exceptions, overall, this is the best 
day
of her life.  She basked in the warm soothing energies that was emitted by
Tenchi's soul.

Washu: Oops, now you're starel

Letting every part of her being immerse itself into the
surrounding music and to the person she is dancing with.  She didn't realize
until that very moment how good it felt to be assimilated with Zero.  If it
weren't for zero's tapped insight into her true feelings for Tenchi.  Ryoko
would've never been able to come up with the idea of taking Tenchi out to 
Naroda
Beach.  Because of Zero, Ryoko finally learned how to stay focused whenever
she's around Tenchi.

Ryoko: Oh yeah, give her all the credit

As Tenchi and Ryoko danced on, they lost track of the dancers, the number of
songs they danced to, and the time.  The last song of the dance, "Fly Me to 
the
Moon",  finally ended.

"Tenchi?"  Ryoko sounded.

"Yes, Ryoko?"

"What time is it?"

Tenchi held up his wrist behind Ryoko's back and looked at his watch.  "It's
eleven o'clock."

"Really?"  Ryoko said, facing Tenchi. "Already?"

"Yep."

"Hmm..., looks like the date's almost over.  At midnight,

Ryoko: I turn into a mouse

my powers will
return."

"Oh Really?"

Ryoko nodded.  "I have one last thing to show you, before we call it a 
night."

"What is it?"  Tenchi asked.

"I'll tell you later, as soon as we get Washu's last invention."

"Uhh..., last invention?"  Tenchi said nervously.

Washu: Yeah, I'm retiring

"You'll see.  Trust me."

Ryoko took Tenchi's hand and led him out of the ballroom.  They walked 
towards
the beach house to retrieve Washu's last invention.


***


Night Time in Okayama


Aeka and Sasami were in their room preparing their futons for the night's 
rest.
Sasami tucked herself into her futon, she peered over and watched as Aeka
prepared her futon.

As Aeka gracefully pulled the blanket aside, she looked through the window 
next
to her and noticed that the fireflies were abundant.  The summer night sky 
was
filled with stars and full moon was out.  Aeka observed the fireflies flying
around in the fields at night, they resembled little orbs of dancing light.
Then, Aeka spotted Shoji, he was walking along the shores of the lake,
as if searching for something.

Tenchi: Lost a contact lense

"Aeka, what are you looking at?"  Asked the little princess.

"Shoji is outdoors, wandering about.  It appears like he is searching for
something."

"So Aeka, do you think he's cute?"

"Sasami!"  Aeka snapped.  "I told you not ask me that!"

"Come on, Aeka!  He isn't exactly ugly."

"No, I have to admit.  He is not publicly impaired."

All: Huh?

Sasami gasped.  "See!  I knew you liked him in someway!"  She exclaimed 
loudly,
as she jumped up and down on her futon.

"Now that is not true!  I am only simply stating that he is attractive.  Any
girl would say the same thing!"  Aeka retorted.

"Yeah, I guess you're right.  He's pretty handsome over all."  Sasami looked
over to her older sister and noticed a frowned look on Aeka.  "Sorry about 
that
Aeka,  I guess I got carried away.  I won't say another word about Shoji."
Sasami apologized while laying down in her futon.

"Thank you for understanding, Sasami.  My heart is still devoted to Tenchi.  
No
one else."

All: (roll their eyes)

Aeka affirmed.  She started to think about Tenchi and Ryoko all over
again.  Trying to bury her worries, she peered over through the window and
stared at Shoji.  After a moment of silent thinking,  Aeka stood up and made 
her
way towards the door.

"Where are you going, Aeka?"  Sasami asked while sitting up in her futon.

"I am stepping outside to see what Shoji is looking for.  I will return
shortly."

Sasami giggled. "Oh really?  I am so sure, Aeka."  Sasami teased.

"Sasami..."  Aeka said sternly.

"Okay, okay!  I'll stop!  Good night, Aeka!"

"Good night, Sasami.  You little joker."

Sasami stuck her tongue out at Aeka.  Aeka laughed softly and quietly 
stepped
out of the room.  As soon as Aeka left, Sasami hid herself under her covers
continued on laughing.

Meanwhile, out at the lake,  Shoji finally found the perfect spot to sit and
bask in the moonlight.

Tenchi: The dock?

Even though his surroundings were quite alien,  most
planets he landed on had beautiful nights.  He laid down on the ground and 
gazed
up at the constellations.  Fireflies flew across Shoji's view, he smiled
serenely.  <Little stars...>  He thought.

"Good evening, Shoji."  Greeted Aeka.

Shoji sat up to greet the Amethyst-haired princess.  "Good evening, Princess
Aeka."

"Would you like to join me?"  Shoji said, offering Aeka a spot next to him.

"Sure, why not."  Aeka accepted and sat down next to Shoji.

"What brings you here under the stars?"  Asked Shoji.

"Actually, I was wondering about the same thing."

"I just wanted to enjoy my first night on Earth by sleeping out here."

"I see.  Well, the nights here are very tranquil.  By the way, your fight
against Yosho was very impressive."

Aisha: This is getting dull

"Thank you for your kind words, Princess Aeka."

"My pleasure.  If you had not slipped on that patch of mud..."

"On the contrary, I intentionally slipped."

Washu: Suuure you did

"Oh?"  Aeka asked with a startled look. "Why would you do a thing like 
that?"

"Because if I hadn't, the duel would've lasted longer.  I figured that the 
mock
duel was just for his practice, so I forfeited.  Yosho knew, at that moment,
that I slipped on purpose.  We were both very tired and we needed an excuse 
to
stop.  So I volunteered to take the plunge."

"Very interesting.  You are just as devious as my brother."  Aeka joked 
openly.

"Well, I wouldn't put it in such harsh words..."  Shoji said embarrassingly,
rubbing the back of his head. "But yeah, I guess you can say that."

Aeka and Shoji both laughed quietly.

After a minute, the laughing gradually stopped and Shoji looked over to Aeka
with an inquisitive look.  "Princess Aeka, can I ask you a question?"

"Sure, go ahead.  Speak your mind."

"Well, earlier today, as we walked towards the shrine.  I've noticed that 
you
were in deep thought.  What seems to be troubling you?"

Ryoko: (As Aeka) Well lately I just haven't been feeling 'fresh'

Aeka was taken aback by Shoji's question. "Well..., it is somewhat of a 
personal
nature."

"I'm sorry to have asked.  Please accept my deep apologies for nosing in on 
your
personal life."

"No! No! It is alright.  You are not here as a mere bodyguard but as an 
equal
and a friend.  Besides, I am rather glad that you asked."

"You are?"

All: You are?

Aeka nodded.  "I needed to talk about this to someone, someway or another.  
Even
though both you and I have just met.  I know it is strange but I feel rather
comfortable talking to you."

Gene: Game. Set. Match. Asuza wins

Shoji smiled.  "I'm flattered.  I have to admit.  Even though you're the 
Crown
Princess of Jurai, I feel as though you're not.  You make me feel like an 
equal
and I appreciate the welcoming feeling."

"You are very welcome, Shoji."

"So, now that we're friends.  What has been troubling your thoughts, in the 
recent hours?"

"Well it is more of a WHO than a WHAT."

"Oh, I see..."  Shoji said, immediately figuring out Aeka's predicament.

Washu: He did? And I thought I was a genius

"Well,  I have been quite attached to a boy named Tenchi Masaki."

Clayton: Attatched? If you'd had your way he'd have been grafted to your 
side

"You mean, the next Crown Prince of Jurai?"

"Yes."

"Where is he?  I looked forward in meeting him but he wasn't around."

"That is because he is on a date with Ryoko."

"You mean the space pirate?"

"Yes, her."  Aeka said grudgingly.

Shoji was silent and listened on as Aeka told him about the chess game, how 
she
lost, and Tenchi and Ryoko's date at Naroda Beach.

Aeka continued on, holding in her tears.  "Ryoko and I have been competing 
for
Tenchi's love for the past few years and now..."  Aeka paused. "Things seem 
to
be taking a turn."

"How would you know that?"  Shoji inquired.

Tenchi: Because everyone else in the house, the general area, and the planet 
did?
Ryoko: Except you
Tenchi: (Blushes) Oh yeah...

"I don't really know.  I just have a feeling that things will be different 
after
they return tomorrow.  I just know that Tenchi will finally choose between 
Ryoko
and myself within the next few days.  And I am not sure if I am prepared to
see Ryoko walk out as the victor.  What should I do?"

Clayton: Date outside your family?

"To be honest, I have no real advise as to help guide you in your 
situation."

"I understand..."  Aeka said disappointedly.

"But!"  Shoji added.  "All I can say is that, there's no way to predict the
oncoming events which are about to unfold for you.  Especially, matters
involving love.  Instead of focusing on Tenchi's choice between you and 
Ryoko,
try to focus on the possible outcomes."

Aisha: So much for having no advise

"But why?  What do you mean by that?"

"I mean. That way, if he chooses you, the joy will be much greater.  If he
doesn't choose you, at
least the pain will be much less than unexpected."

"I understand. Thank you for the advice."

"I'm sorry if it's not what you're looking for but that's the best I can 
give
you."

"Don't say that.  Your advice is quite helpful.  I didn't think about my
situation on that angle.  You sound like you have dealt with this matter
before."

Shoji made a bitter-sweet smile on his face.

Gene: I prefer barbeque flavored myself

  "Yes,  I have.  I had my fair
share of Love, just like anybody else."

"Really?  How many times have you experienced this?"  Aeka asked curiously.

"Very few and not often."

"When was the last time you ever fell in love?" Aeka asked.  She looked over 
and
noticed that Shoji had a hilt of a Juraian Energy sword attached to his 
belt.
She peered in carefully and noticed that the hilt had a green jewel 
artificially
melded into its wooden body.

"Last year.  It was pure magic."  Shoji reminisced with a smile on his face.
Then his smile disappeared and was replaced by a slightly sad look. "but 
like
all good things, it ended."

"I am sorry to hear that."

"No reason to apologize.  That's how life is sometimes, harsh and yet 
soothing."

"That is most often true."   Aeka agreed.

Ryoko: Very phylosophical

Both silently listened as the sounds of the night came from the countryside 
and
watched as the yellow fireflies begun to gradually disappear.

After a while of listening, Aeka was finally getting tired, she stood up. 
"Well,
it is getting late.  I better leave.  It was nice having that conversation 
with
you."

"Same here, but before you leave..."

"Yes?"

"Can I ask you a small favor?"

"Sure.  Ask away."

"I know this may sound strange, but since this is my first assignment being 
a
protective guardian for a crown princess, I'd prefer that you would think of 
me
as your Guardian Angel, instead of a typical bodyguard.

Aisha: He's a bit full of himself
Ryoko: Hey if he can get Aeka off my back he is an angel

If you have any
problems concerning personal matters, please don't hesitate to ask for my 
help."

Aeka smiled deeply at Shoji's warm sincerity.

"As you wish, Shoji.  Even though you're going to be around for a very long
while,  I truly appreciate your intentions.  From this point on, I will 
think of
you as my very own guardian angel and nothing less."

"Thank you."

"You're very welcome.  Goodnight, Shoji."

"Sleep well, princess Aeka."

Shoji watched as Aeka walked off towards the Masaki home.  As soon as she
disappeared into the doorway,  Shoji sat down and laid back onto the grass.  
He
looked up into the starry moon-filled night and started to hum out a small 
tune
from his past.  He closed his eyes and drifted into a dream state.

Clayton: Welcome to Wyoming, the dream state

***


Washu's Last Toy

Washu: But I have a whole box full of toys!

After returning from the beach house, Tenchi and Ryoko stood at Naroda's
shoreline looking out to sea enjoying the cool nautical breeze.  The full 
moon
was out and the night sky was filled with tiny glimmering beacons of light.

Aisha: (Little girl voice) They're heeeeere

"What is it that you wanted to show me?"  Tenchi asked.

"Tenchi, do you know why I chose Naroda Beach to be the place of our first
date?"

"I am curious as to why or how."

"Well, to answer your curiosity,  I was watching a small travelling program 
that
showed on TV last weekend.  I became so interested because of the beauty of 
this
beach."

"You definitely have good taste on your locations."

"Thanks, Tenchi.  But besides the obvious, there is also another reason why 
I
decided on Naroda Beach."

Gene: It's a nude beach?

"Oh? And what was that?"  Tenchi inquired curiously.

"Well, the Travelers show mentioned that once every month or so, when the 
moon
is full and the tide is right.  With the assistance of colliding underwater
currents, numerous glowing microscopic sea creatures would float up near the
surface."

"Is it close to shore?  Where would we find this occurrence?"

Tenchi: And why did I use the word 'occurrence'?

"About a half mile out to sea.  You don't mind do you?"

"Hmm..., sounds interesting.  How do we get there?"  Tenchi asked.

"Not to worry, I have it figured out."  Ryoko assured.  "I knew this would 
come
in handy some time."  She reached into her pocket and pulled out another 
silver
box.  She placed the box into the water and the box automatically unfolded 
into
a small boat.

Clayton: Washu, you need to stop watching the Jetsons

The boat was painted white and had thin red stripe that ran from
bow to stern.  On the left side of the boat, Tenchi noticed a small red crab
icon that held up a small flag saying; "Little Washu's Yacht".

Washu: Nice touch

The boat was in the water.

Gene: Because if it weren't that would just be silly

Tenchi and Ryoko stepped onto the deck of the boat
and sat down in their seats at the front.  Tenchi noticed that the boat did 
not
have any type of steering mechanism or any other controls to help navigate 
the
boat.

"How does this thing work?"  Tenchi asked looking around.

"You'll see." Ryoko replied.

"Please state your destination."  Asked the boat's computer.  It had Washu's
voice.

Washu: What can I say? I'm into voyerism

"Wow..."  Tenchi said, dumbfounded.

Ryoko giggled at Tenchi's reaction and turned towards the integrated 
computer
system.  "Ok, computer.  Take us approximately half a mile out to sea."

"Gotcha."  Replied the computer.


The Florescent Sea Creatures


The boat had arrived at the illuminated area of the ocean approximately half
a mile from the shore. The full moon was up and the stars twinkled brightly 
in
the azure sky. Tenchi and Ryoko were both fixated and amazed by the almost
mystic quality of the luminescent sea plankton.

Clayton: (As Captain Nemo) Ramming speed!

"See what did I tell you! It's so nice to be out here..."

"It sure is, very peaceful." Tenchi, agreed.

Ryoko sat down next to Tenchi and looked into his eyes, trying to read his 
soul,

Ryoko: See apendix C subsection A of the revised soul...

or perhaps even catch a glimpse of his heart.  Feeling uncomfortable by her
gaze, Tenchi looked away.

Ryoko lowered her face dejectedly as he broke eye contact.

<I'm never going to get through to him,>  Ryoko thought sadly, a little
discouraged.

Refusing to give up, Ryoko reached out and grasped Tenchi's hand.  She used 
her
other hand to tilt his face towards her.

"Tenchi...  There's something I want to tell you."

"W-what is it, Ryoko?"  He stuttered nervously, his warm brown eyes meeting
Ryoko's gaze once more.

All: (Begin betting)
Gene: $50 on 'I love you'
Washu: $20 on 'Get lost, I'm going back to Goro'

"I've really, really enjoyed being with you today."

"I-uh, have to admit, Ryoko..."  Tenchi paused a bit.  "Spending time with 
you
felt..., really good."

"Really!?"  Ryoko asked, feeling her heart flutter with happiness.

Washu: According to my tests, it was a heart murmer

Tenchi nodded slowly. Ryoko smiled, her gold eyes dancing.

"Would you like to swim with me, Tenchi?  It's very nice out here, neh?  You
don't mind if you took another dip into the water.  Do you?"

"No, I don't mind.  Let me get ready and I'll join you in a little bit..."

"Alright!"

Ryoko stood up Clad in her blue bikini, she jumped into the water while 
Tenchi
remained onboard.

Aisha: Like he'd still be there?
Tenchi: Ok, by this point theres no way it wouldn't have sunk in

Tenchi kicked off his sandals and started to get ready as
well, when he remembered he still had his wallet and camera in his pants 
pocket.

Clayton: Actually it was there when he went swimming before too

Not wanting to risk losing them, he reached into his pocket and closed his 
hand
around it. As he pulled the wallet out, a piece of paper slipped out with it 
and
floated  to the floor. Tenchi stared at it for a moment before realizing it 
was
from the fortune telling machine he had encountered back on the shopping 
strip.
As he bent down to pick up the paper, the words written on it flashed in his
mind before he even had a chance to read them.

*Cherish every precious moment you have with her...*

Washu: If you'll recall, earlier I mentioned subliminal programing or 
something?

Tenchi glanced at the puzzling phrase one last time before tossing it aside 
and
moving to the edge of the boat.

"Tenchi, hurry up and jump in!!  It's looks so cool out here!"

Tenchi looked over at Ryoko, who was waiting patiently in the green 
flourescant
water.  She smiled at him, returning his gaze.

He smiled back at her and pulled off his shirt.  Ryoko wolf whistled 
teasingly
as she viewed his bare chest,

Gene: ah my eyes! I'm blind!

grinning widely.

"Woohoo!  Look at that stud!"

All: Where?

Tenchi blushed and jumped into the water.  He swam over to Ryoko, smiling as 
she
came into his view. He couldn't help but notice how beautiful she looked 
under
the moonlight, her cyan locks damp around her face, her soft gold eyes 
smiling
at him.

Aisha: That's right, they smile they dance, Ryoko's eyes do it all

After a minute or so of staring in silence at her, Tenchi couldn't
control himself any longer. In a swift, surprising move, he swam up to Ryoko 
and
did his best to embrace her in the water.

"Tenchi...?? W-what are you...?"  Ryoko gaped, feeling her cheeks grow warm.

Clayton: Tenchi, you touched her butt?
Tenchi: I told you I was getting better about that

"It's my way of thanking you for a great day.  I had a wonderful time, 
Ryoko.
Most importantly, you saved Haruo's life."

"Don't mention it, Tenchi.  I did what I had to do." Ryoko said softly, 
smiling
at him. Her heart felt ready to burst with sheer joy;

Washu: Definitely a heart murmer

she could scarcely believe
what had just happened.

"Sorry if I looked frightened up there on the boat." Tenchi added 
sheepishly.

Ryoko laughed quietly, returning the hug tenderly. "Hey, it's alright, 
Tenchi.
I'm used to it."

"Used to it?" Tenchi frowned at the last remark.  "Well, that's going to 
surely
change."

Ryoko: Don't call me Sherly

"Oh?  Change in what way?"  Ryoko asked curiously with full intention of 
putting
Tenchi on the spot.

Tenchi flinched.  "Uhh, well, funny you should ask that, Ryoko.  Uhh..."

Gene: Actually I am finding this very funny

"Why am I not surprised?"  Ryoko joked.

Clayton: Because that has been the theme of this entire story

They suddenly realized they were sinking, due to the weight of their 
embrace. As
the water line reached their necks, they laughed and without further delay,
separated from each other. Ryoko and Tenchi turned and gazed at each other 
for a
moment. Ryoko blushed and bit her lip nervously, not wanting to tear her 
eyes
away from him. Tenchi swallowed hard, vaguely wondering why there seemed to 
be a
swarm of butterflies in his stomach as he stared into Ryoko's feline eyes.

Tenchi: Alien physiology?

About a half a mile away, a dog barked from somewhere down the shore. Upon
hearing the noise, both Tenchi and Ryoko abruptly looked away from each 
other.
Not wanting disappointment to stain the incredible moment she had just 
shared
with Tenchi, Ryoko decided to distract herself by exploring the lovely
surroundings.  She drew in a deep breath and dove underwater.

All: (hum the theme to Jaws)

Hearing the quiet splash, Tenchi timidly glanced to the spot where Ryoko was 
and
smiled. He sighed and told himself it was probably for the best, letting his
thoughts drift to the fortune teller's advice.

Ryoko dove deeper, trying to catch a glimpse of other sea creatures which 
may be
lurking in the blue ocean.

Tenchi: Shark!

Her thoughts drifted to her moments with Tenchi, she
thought about the way he held her during the dance, the way he approached 
her to
embrace in the water, she smiled.  Ryoko closed her eyes and sighed 
blissfully.
Suddenly, the ocean seemed to lurch and she felt herself violently hit by 
surge
of water.  Startled by the sudden disappearance of the sea creatures, Ryoko
realized that a strong current had swept her to a deeper and darker 
location.

Aisha: Welcome to Texas

<I'm gonna run out of air!  I better get to the top before I'm in really
big trouble!>  She, thought frantically as she tried to swim towards the
surface but the darkness of the water disoriented her and she lost all sense 
of
direction.  Her eyes began to sting and her lungs began to burn from 
exhaustion.

Ryoko felt herself frightened as she desperately tried to figure out a way 
out
of the black, freezing water.  The cold isolation started to resurface 
memories
she preferred to have kept buried in the far depths of her mind. Memories
of her long, torturous 700 year imprisonment in the Masaki cave.

Ryoko: No jokes!

Unpleasant
thoughts started to ruthlessly flood her mind.  And worse, she was far away 
from
Tenchi.  The thought of not being able to be see Tenchi ever again filled 
her
with terror and caused Ryoko to panic in the water.

Meanwhile, Tenchi was still waiting for Ryoko to resurface.  He looked at 
his
sports watch and realized that he had already been waiting for nearly three
minutes.

Tenchi frowned and decided to look for Ryoko. He dove underwater and swam
around the vicinity, searching the waters for a few minutes.  She was 
nowhere to
be found.  Tenchi resurfaced, hoping to find her on the surface.  His throat
tightened in fear upon seeing she wasn't.

"Ryoko!  Can you hear me?!"  Tenchi called out frantically in every 
direction.

No response.

"Not again.  Where are you, Ryoko!!"

Washu: Again?

Deep in the black ocean, Ryoko fought to keep the seawater from flooding
into her mouth.

After a few moments of desperate struggle, the remaining air finally escaped 
her
lungs and she took in a mouthful of liquid, she helplessly watched her
surroundings began to blur and fade.  She felt her thoughts drift into
nothingness.

Ryoko: So this is what it's like to be Mihoshi

Feeling herself lose consciousness, Ryoko focused her last thought on 
Tenchi...

As Tenchi continued his search for Ryoko, underwater, he felt an alarm bell 
go
off in his mind.  He had felt this sensation twice before, once in the 
Souja,
before his battle with Kagato, and once in Washu's lab, when the whole Zero
business had begun.  He heard Ryoko's voice calling out his name.

Acting more on instinct and feeling than on rational thought, Tenchi dove 
even
deeper.  As he reached a certain depth, he recognized the first signs of an
existing undercurrent.  The temperature shifted from warm to cold when 
suddenly,
Tenchi felt a rush of water surround his body and rapidly carry him off into 
the
abyss.

Tench: Great, we've been moved into an entirely different story
Aisha: Does this mean we get to see those glowing fish people?

After a few seconds of fighting the pressure, the current finally slowed
down. Tenchi regained his composure, he continued his search, somehow 
feeling
Ryoko's presence somewhere nearby.

Off in the distance, Tenchi spotted a familiar light glowing dimly and
realized that it was emitted from Ryoko's gem.

Tenchi quickly swam towards the beacon and to his horror, found Ryoko 
suspended
in mid-water. She didn't appear to be conscious.  Trying his best to keep 
panic
from overwhelming him, Tenchi got a hold on Ryoko and slowly ascended back 
to
the surface.

He finally broke the ocean surface and screamed for Washu's boat.  The boat
immediately rushed towards them. Tenchi tiredly climbed onto the boat and 
pulled
Ryoko after him. Once inside the boat, Tenchi frantically checked Ryoko's 
vital
signs and felt a cold fear in his stomach when he didn't find any. Without
hesitating, he went to enact what he had learned in the health classes he 
had
thought to be so boring in school.

Gene: Oh I get it. This is an excuse for mouth to mouth
Others: Duh

Tenchi turned Ryoko over, laying her flat on her back and placed a hand on 
her
forehead, tilting her head and clearing her airway. He leaned forward, 
closing
her nose with one hand and pressed his mouth against hers, breathing deeply 
into
her. He paused, watching her chest rise, then continued blowing in breath 
after
breath of air into her mouth.

"Come on!  Breathe!" Tenchi yelled, his brown eyes filled with fear.

Ryoko: Don't tell me what to do!

Tenchi put his hands together above Ryoko's mid-chest and started to
rhythmically press her heart, trying to start up blood flow.

"Don't you dare give up on me, Ryoko!

Clayton: If she hasn't left by now I doubt she will

I know you!  Don't you dare leave me
like this!"  Tenchi cried out as he pumped.

'Cherish every precious moment you have with her..."  The haunting words
kept going through Tenchi's mind as he struggled to save Ryoko.

"You're stronger than this, Ryoko!  Please, do something to let me know 
you're
still here!"

Ryoko: (Grabs Tenchi and frenches him)
Tenchi: (A bit dazed) Yep, still here

He blew in another deep breath into Ryoko's mouth.  After each breath, 
Tenchi
pumped her chest, and vice versa, alternating the actions with each 
movement.
The ordeal seemed to last a lifetime, with no visible results. Tenchi bit 
his
lip hard to keep from screaming in fear and frustration, but he refused to 
give
up. As the minutes passed, he felt hope start to diminish. Pumping Ryoko's
chest, Tenchi shut his eyes tightly and silently prayed.

Aisha: This is where being friends with a goddess comes in handy right?

Suddenly, his prayer seemed to be answered as Ryoko convulsed and spat out 
the
seawater that had filled her lungs.  She turned from side to side, coughing
violently then stopped and laid still, gulping in air. Tenchi watched her in
silence as his eyes welled up with tears of joy and relief.  Ryoko lay 
quietly
on the deck, catching her breath and adjusting to the atmosphere.

After a moment of uneasy silence, Ryoko burst into tears. She tried to turn
away, wanting to avoid Tenchi's concerned  gaze, but her body felt weak and
heavy, and she wouldn't respond. Tenchi bolted forward and pulled Ryoko into 
his
arms, hugging her as tightly as he could.

Gene: About time!

"Don't you ever swim away from me like that ever again!  I thought I'd lost
you!" he whispered in her ear, his voice thick with tears.

Tenchi: How could my voice cry?
Washu: Juraian physiology

Ryoko barely managed
a dazed nod and closed her eyes, leaning exhaustedly against him.

"Computer!  Take us back to shore!"  Tenchi commanded loudly at the boat.

"Gotcha."  Said the computer.

Tenchi grabbed a wool blanket that lay nearby and wrapped it around Ryoko, 
then
sat down and held her tightly against him, rubbing her arms occasionally. 
They
sat in this position for the remainder of the boat ride, neither of them
speaking. Ryoko was very still and quiet, tears slowly trickling down her
cheeks. Worried by her silence,  Tenchi glanced at her and saw her tears. He
gently tried to wipe them away with the back of his hand.

"It's alright, it's okay.  You're safe now." he whispered in a soft, 
reassuring
tone.

Ryoko remained silent, her mind still in shock from the experience she had
endured.

All: (sniffle)

Safe Haven


Tenchi quickly opened the door to the beach house.  He carried Ryoko through 
the
hallway into the replica of his room.  As he walked, he looked down at her 
to
see how she was doing, he felt Ryoko shivering in his arms.  He quickened 
the
pace and finally reached the door to the room.  Tenchi walked in and 
carefully
placed Ryoko onto a nearby bed.  Ryoko sat upright near the edge of the bed
staring blankly at the floor, looking very vulnerable.  Tenchi stared at her
with great concern.


"Everything will be alright, Ryoko." Tenchi assured, putting a hand on her
shoulders. "I'll look for something for you to wear."

Ryoko: Is that all you ever think about? Putting clothes on girls
Tenchi: Better than Gene
Ryoko: Point made

He quickly stepped over
to a nearby closet, hoping to find any dry clothes.  Tenchi opened the 
closet
door and browsed through the selection of shirts and pajamas.

Washu: I think of everything

Tenchi chose a set of pajamas that consisted of white pants and button up 
shirt
then walked over to Ryoko and noticed that she was too exhausted to change 
from
her wet swimsuit.  But before he can actually change her, he had to wash 
away
all the salt water from her body.

Gene: This bodes well
Clayton: Agreed
Washu: Does that mean you're ready again?
Clayton: (Gulp)

Tenchi noticed the faraway look on Ryoko's
expression,  he became even more concerned.  He guided her into the shower 
room,
Tenchi looked the other way as Ryoko took off her bikini.

Ryoko: (Gasps) That's it, that's the only way it could be
Aisha: What?
Ryoko: Tenchi is the cartoon network censore
All: Of course!
Tenchi: (Smiles)

After Ryoko took her
bikini off, Tenchi walked out of the bathroom and headed back towards the
bedroom.

Throughout the four minute shower, the hot water cascaded her entire body, 
Ryoko
tried to wash away her frustration.

Washu: Tenchi hugged her
Ryoko: (Mumbles) Unclean unclean...

Suddenly, due to her fatigue, Ryoko's leg
trembled, she slipped and fell onto the wet-tiled floor.  She silently 
growled,
slowly, she stood up and leaned against the walls of the shower.  Ryoko 
tilted
her head up, allowing her face to be bombarded by streaming warm water.  
With
all the strength she had that remained, Ryoko punched the shower wall.  
Ryoko
looked down and her body trembled.  After a silent moment, tears of 
frustration
mix in with the hot shower water.  Tenchi waited in the bedroom while Ryoko 
did her
final rinse off.  Then she turned the faucet over.  Ryoko stepped out from 
the shower,
grabbed a nearby towel and dried off.  After she dried off, Ryoko grabbed 
the pajamas Tenchi
handed her and slipped into them.  The white pajamas fitted snuggly and 
comfortably.
Ryoko walked about clumsily, suddenly, her exhaustion overtook her and she 
collapsed
onto the floor.

Hearing a loud thump emanating from the hallway, Tenchi walked out of the
bedroom and found Ryoko lying on the floor, unconscious.

Clayton: Man, she's wasted

"Ryoko!" Tenchi yelled, full of worry, as he ran to her.  He picked up Ryoko 
in
his arms and carried her towards the bedroom.

Aisha: (As Linus) And from on high a choir of angels sangg out as the 
miracle came to pass
Clayton: I'm pagan, please don't do that
Aisha: Sorry

He opened the door and placed Ryoko onto to a nearby bed.  Tenchi pulled the
sheets over to one side and gently tucked Ryoko in.  He pulled the sheets 
over
Ryoko to keep her warm.  Tenchi stood up and stared at her with worried 
eyes.

Too consumed with anxiety to stay in Ryoko's presence, Tenchi walked out of 
the
room and headed off to the balcony.  On his way to the balcony, Tenchi 
grabbed a
blanket and pillow from a closet to sleep with.

Ryoko: What, I'm not good enough?

Tenchi reached the balcony and
seated himself down on the largest pull-back patio chair, planning to sleep
silently under the stars.  Tenchi sat down, positioned his pillow, he laid 
back
and looked up at the peaceful starry twilight.  He let out a long sigh.

<What a day.>  He thought exhaustedly.  <Ryoko won't say a word to me.  
Can't
say that I blame her.  She was nearly killed today.>

Washu: Maybe its that you refuse to kiss her

Meanwhile back in the bedroom,  Ryoko opened her eyes and realized that she 
was
in bed.  She knew right away Tenchi had placed her there.  She angrily 
pushed
the blanket off and limped her way towards the patio.

Ryoko: I'm looking for the man that shot my Pa

Tenchi sighed and decided to go to sleep.  He sat up and pulled off his 
watch
from his wrist.  Tenchi checked the time and the watch read five minutes 
before
midnight.  As Tenchi placed his wrist watch onto the patio table, he felt a
presence.

Tenchi: I see dead people...

"Tenchi?"  Ryoko asked, leaning against the doorway.

"Ryoko?!"  Tenchi said, surprised.  "What are you doing here?  You should be 
in
bed, getting some rest!"

"I know..."  Ryoko said and looked away shamefully.

"Do you?  Then why are you standing there?  C'mon, let me help you get back 
to
your bed."

Tenchi stood up and walked over to Ryoko.  He gently took her arm and was 
about
to guide Ryoko back to her but she forcefully pulled away.

"I don't want to go back to that room, Tenchi."

"Why not?  You need your rest."

"No.  I'm fine."  Ryoko refused again.  "I just don't want to be left alone.
Not after what happened."

With all her strength, Ryoko stepped away from the doorway, but her legs 
started
to falter.

Washu: I built those better than that!

Tenchi immediately caught Ryoko between his arms.  He guided her to
the patio chair that Tenchi had used.  They both sat down.  Tenchi gazed at
Ryoko with great concern but she looked away.

"Please Tenchi, don't look at me like that.  Not while I'm looking like 
this."
Ryoko said, tears welling up in her eyes.

Tenchi was clearly startled by Ryoko's last statement.

"What do you mean by that, Ryoko?"

Ryoko: Oh my hair is just a mess

"Just take a look at me, Tenchi!" Ryoko yelled out.  Tears going down her
cheeks.  "I'm weak!  I can't believe that for a few short hours I was the
Rescuer and now, I'm the Rescuee!  I nearly drowned today!"

"But..."

Ryoko cuts Tenchi off.  "Me!  Drowning!  I don't believe this!  Nearly all 
my
life, I believed I was strong and almost nothing could take me down!  Not 
even
fate!  I chose today to go without my powers and in return, fate played 
games
with me!"

Gene: (As Fate) Gin!

"That may be but..."  Tenchi tried to jump in but failed.

Tenchi: Canonball!

"I was so foolish to go a day without my powers!  I've never felt so weak 
and
pitiful in all my life!"  Ryoko yelled angrily, held her arms up clenching 
her
fists.

"Ryoko..."  Tenchi said but it was futile.

Washu: Resistance is futile, you will be assimilated
Clayton: The borg?
Washu: No, Microsoft

"I'll never play little miss weak again!  Never!

Aisha: (Reading the reviews of Ryoko as little miss weak) I laughed, I 
cried, I'm a manic depressive

This is the last time I'm ever
going to go without my powers!  The things I do to win your love!"

As Ryoko screamed and cursed herself, Tenchi was at a loss.  He couldn't 
think
of a way to calm Ryoko's frustration.  He stared at Ryoko's face and noticed 
the
cascade of tears flowing from her pained golden eyes.

"You just don't realize how much hurt it's caused me!  I thought I was back 
in
the cave!"  She said, her voice heavy and shaky.  "I've never felt so alone, 
so
cold, so weak, so...stupid!!!"

Washu: What about that time when you got zapped in my lab by the force 
field?
Gene: Or that ime with the mass?
Aisha: Or when you let that demon loose in the bath?
Tenchi: Or when...
Ryoko: I get the point!

Tenchi's brow raised at Ryoko's last remark.  He became more engrossed into 
her
emotional babble.

<Cherish every precious moment you have with her...>  Sparked through 
Tenchi's
mind for the very last time.

All: Hooray!

"I am such an idiot to come here without my powers!  No! Not an idiot, more 
of
an imbecile!"

Gene: (hits himself before he opens his mouth)

At the spur of the moment, Tenchi immediately embraced Ryoko and muffled her 
babble
with a carefully timed kiss.

Tenchi: There, now will you all stop teasing me?
All: No!

Shocked by Tenchi's unexpected move,  Ryoko's grasp
of her tough-girl-persona slipped,  her arms relaxed, she unclenched her 
fists
and relaxed in Tenchi's arms.  She felt his caring energy flow from her lips
which brought peace to her frantic soul.  Ryoko felt her mind calm as she
experienced Tenchi's lips kissing along her lips.  This was her VERY first 
kiss,
it felt like an invisible blanket had wrapped around her, keeping her warm 
and secure.
  A long, slow, warm tear rolled down her left cheek, she knew at that 
moment,
that she was inside...

Clayton: Actually they're on the patio

As Tenchi kissed Ryoko, he opened his eyes and found himself lip-locking 
with
the cyan-haired beauty.

Aisha: Someones using his thesaurus

His tact to calm Ryoko had worked.  Slowly, Tenchi pulled
away from Ryoko's lips, he gazed into her tearful golden eyes and hugged her 
tighter.

"Don't punish yourself like that!  Going on without your powers is besides 
the
point! Don't you realize that I've nearly lost you today! I never realized 
IT
until to-!"  He corrected himself.  "Until now!"

"Tenchi...I..."

Washu: Worst Kirk impressions I ever heard
Ryoko: You are such a dweeb

"Please..."  Tenchi said softly.  "Don't say another word, you've said 
enough as
of tonight.  I know you don't want to be left alone, don't you worry,  I'm 
here
right now.  I won't leave you alone.  I know what you're going through, so
please, just sleep it off.  I'll be right here, right next to you, to keep 
your
troubles away. "

Ryoko: (Hugs Tenchi)

Ryoko's sad look disappeared from her face, she nodded slightly.  Both 
quietly
laid back against the chair.  Ryoko rested her head on Tenchi's chest and
gathered the warmth of his gentle soul.  Tenchi carefully placed his arms 
around
her as if trying to wrap the night around her.  Ryoko closed her eyes and
immediately succumbed to her exhaustion.  Tenchi watched as Ryoko fell into
slumber, he felt her tense body finally relax.  Then he pulled the blanket 
over
Ryoko to keep her warm from the cool sea breeze.  He looked at the sleeping 
Oni
and felt the returning presence of Ryoko's powers.  Tenchi looked under the
blanket and saw Ryoko's gem emitting a bright brilliant light,

Washu: I'm elling you all these odd lights and radiations can't be helping 
his sperm count. Tenchi if you'd only let me get that sample
Ryoko and Tenchi: No!

he smiled.  He
looked up at the numerous constellations that decorated the night sky.  The 
day
was one hell of a roller coaster ride, emotionally.  Tenchi sighed and gazed
back at Ryoko.  He held her tighter in his arms and felt the comforting 
warmth
emanating from her.  Tenchi rested his head against Ryoko's and closed his
eyes.

Tenchi: Ah, got your hair in my eye!
Ryoko: Sorry
Gene: So Ryoko, Aisha, Washu, is ALL of your hair spiked?
Clayton and Tenchi: (Look away as the girls beat the snot out of Gene)

As his mind drifted off, Tenchi knew that from that point on, he will do his
best to cherish every precious moment with Ryoko....

Ryoko?

No.

Not just Ryoko.

His Ryoko.

Clayton: And for today only you can ave your very own Ryoko for $24.95
Ryoko: I'm worth more than that
Clayton: Talk to the manufacturer (Points at Washu)
Ryoko: Mom!
Washu: I sell them to MSTers so we don't have to go

To Be Continued...

Gene: This is like the end to my show

Author's note:

Well folks, there you have it!  You have just read the most important 
chapter of
the whole FF series!  Tenchi had finally chosen!

Ryoko: I'll see if Asuza will declair a national holiday

I have to admit, it was a
great challenge of writing this chapter, I hope you enjoyed it!  Tell me 
what
you think!

Special Thanks goes out to Ryoko MR

Washu: See, there is one of my Ryoko clones now

(especially), Random, Lord Talon, Cman1701, Laith and of course the Crazy 
Aussie man, Sir Bean.

Clayton: Ok, last part!
Washu: Really?
Clayton: No, but this story was never finished and the rest of it is totally 
unfunny

Tenchi Muyo: Ryoko's Love Alpha!
Chapter 4A: Aeka Canon
By Long T. Tran


This chapter is written for and dedicated to the Stingmaster.


Disclaimer:


The Characters you're about to read are created and owned by AIC/
Pioneer.  This fic written just for entertainment purposes and not
for moneymaking.


Author's notes:


The Aeka contents of this chapter were inspired by a baroque
classical Piece called Pachebel's Canon.

Aisha. Mmm, classy

Listen to this classical
piece to get the Feeling of this chapter.  The music can be found on
the Evangelion Death Soundtrack.  Btw, sorry for the long wait!


---------------------------------------------------------------------


Noon at the Bus Stop

Gene: The night after Ryoko's latest Saki bender

Aeka was at the bus stop nervously waiting for Tenchi's return.
Shoji stood next to Aeka like any guardian should.  He looked forward
into meeting the young Juraian prince.  Sasami was back at the house
cooking up some lunch to welcome back Tenchi and Ryoko.  Washu was at
her usual place in the lab doing her usual research on the collected
data from the duel yesterday.

After a few minutes of agonizing anticipation,  the bus finally
arrived and stopped.  As the door opened, Aeka took in a breath and
watched as Tenchi stepped out of the bus.

"Welcome home, Lord Tenchi."  Greeted Aeka.

"Thank you, Aeka."  Tenchi said as he returned Aeka's greeting,
Tenchi looked over and noticed a Juraian male standing beside the
princess.

Tenchi: Woo hoo, I'm off the hook

"Tenchi, while you were gone, the King of Jurai has made a major
change concerning my safety."  Aeka announced.

"Really?  What change?"  Tenchi inquired.

"This is my new guardian, Shoji Takazawa.  He is a member of the
Juraian Royal Guard."

Aisha: Apparently the guy with the light hawk wings wasn't enough

Shoji steps forward and bows his head to Tenchi.  "I've been looking
forward in meeting you, Lord Tenchi."

"Uhh...Really?  Thanks, nice meeting you too."  Tenchi replied
dumbly.

Aeka looked around and searched for Ryoko. "Where is Ryoko?  Did she
come home with you?"

ryoko: I didn't drown again did I?

"Yeah, she did.  Ryoko was with me throughout the trip but as soon as
the bus stopped, she just disappeared."

"I...see."  Aeka replied.

Clayton: (As Aeka as Miss Cleo) I be seein' women troubles in your future
Washu: Oh theres a leap

"Well, I gotta go and unpack."

"Alright.  I will talk to you later, there is something I wish to
discuss with you...in private."

Gene: You see I've decided to destroy Earth

"Okay, that's fine.  When?"

Aisha: Thirty seconds from now

"Will it be alright if I see you in ten minutes?"

Gene: Ok, we'll wait

"Sure, I don't mind. I need to talk to you as well."  Tenchi said, a
little nervous.  Tenchi turned away from Aeka and faced Shoji. "I
hope to talk to you in order to better acquaint myself ."

Clayton: So he is gay
Tenchi: Hey!

"Likewise."  The Knight responded kindly and smiled.

Tenchi smirked in return and bowed his head to Shoji and walked off
towards the house.

"I can see why you are fond of him." Shoji commented.

Tenchi: (Buries his face in his hands) No! Now it's men too
Ryoko: It's ok Tenhi, you're taken

"What are you
going to speak to him about?"

"I hope to accomplish one important thing."

Washu: and thus begins 'Planet of the apes'

"What is it that you hope to accomplish?"

"First and foremost, I hope to achieve resolution."

Tenchi: I knew I should have left the cammera at home

"Resolution?"  Shoji inquired.

"I am taking your advice,  I must consider all possibilities.   Today
will be the day where all the fighting, all the quarrels will end,
and all the pain will be taken away."

"Even if it opens the door to an even greater pain?  Are you willing
to go through it?"

Aeka looked away from Shoji hiding the pained facade.  She regained
her composure and looked at Shoji.  "Yes."

"As simple as that?  Just a yes?"

All: Yes!

Aeka stood silent to Shoji's remark. "I will see you later."  Aeka
said as she started her way towards the Masaki home.

"Princess Aeka?"

Aeka stopped and turned around somberly. "Yes?"

"Please don't hesitate to talk to me.  I will be around if you need
me."

Aeka peered at the knight and smiled. "Thank you."


Tenchi and Aeka

Ryoko: After all that? No way!

Tenchi unpacked his belongings from his back pack.

<Why didn't I say a word to Ryoko on the way home from Naroda Beach?

Gene: Your tongues were busy?

No wonder, that's why she just left me on the bus.  She's upset.  Why
am I so nervous around her?  I was the one who kissed her!  I should
be the one to talk, not her!>  Tenchi thought angrily.

"Lord Tenchi?  May I come in?"  Said, Aeka's voice on the side of the
door.

Tenchi quickly straightened up. "Uh sure, Aeka.  Please, come on in."

Aeka stepped through the doorway,

Ryoko: And was immediately dumped in the lake
Washu: I love that device

walked over to Tenchi's bed and sat
down.  She watched silently and patiently as Tenchi placed the last
of his belongings into the cabin drawer.

Aisha: So they have a cabin now?

Tenchi turned around and
sat on his desk chair backwards directly across from Aeka.  Aeka read
his face carefully and noticed the nervous look.

"Tenchi, what seems to be bothering you?"

"Aeka..., I..."  Tenchi trailed nervously.

"What is it, Tenchi?"

<You love me?  Is that what you're trying to say?>  Aeka thought,
hopefully.  <No, Aeka, do not jump ahead of yourself.>

Aisha: Good plan

"I guess the reason why you're here is to find out what happened
between Ryoko and myself at Naroda Beach, right?"

Gene: Actually Washu showed them videos of the whole thing

Aeka was starting to get nervous but quickly shrugged it off.  "Well,
not really one of the reasons but I have to admit, yes I am curious
about your trip to Naroda.  But I am mainly here to talk about our
relationship."

"Yes, our relationship.  Well..."

Tenchi: You see we're already related, but Ryoko isn't so it wouldn't be 
fair...
Washu: Oh theres a good excuse

Aeka noticed Tenchi's apprehensiveness and decided to move the
conversation along.  "Before you say anything about your outing with
Ryoko let me state that you are very dear to me."

Tenchi silently listened as Aeka spoke.

"Tenchi, I am in love with you."

Clayton: No! We never would have guessed

Tenchi froze at Aeka's confession. <This is definitely not going to
be easy.  How am I going to tell her about my feelings towards
Ryoko?>  Tenchi thought heavily with guilt. "Aeka, I..."  Tenchi
started to responded.

Aeka quickly but gracefully stood from Tenchi's bed and stepped over
to Tenchi.  She crouched down in front of Tenchi and immediately
placed her right hand over Tenchi's mouth to prevent him from saying
anything else.

"Tenchi, please do not say a word.  I must tell you what I have
contemplated over the last recent days.  Can you hear me out before
you say anything?"

Tenchi: No

After a moment of silent thought, Tenchi nodded his head under Aeka's
hand.  Aeka gave a slight bitter-sweet smile

Gene: I still prefer bbq
Aisha: This is Japan. Sweet and sour sauce you know

and removed her hand
from Tenchi's mouth.

"What I am about to tell you will, hopefully, put your mind at ease.
I will ask a simple question and in return, all I want is a simple
answer."

Aeka stepped back and sat down at her place on Tenchi's bed.  She
gazed into Tenchi's nervous-but-caring eyes and carefully considered
which words to speak.

"Tenchi, I have lived with you for nearly two years and we both have
been through a lot.  Do you remember the first time I arrived here on
earth?"

Tenchi: Well I did get hit on the head pretty hard...

"Yes, I remember very clearly.  That'll be a day I'll never forget."

Aeka smiled nostalgically and nodded. "Indeed, at first, I was
searching for Yosho because I was still in love with him.  Even
though Our marriage was arranged and despite my feelings towards him,
he did not share the same sentiments.  Instead, he diverted my
attention away from him and now, to you.  At first, I was not sure
about my feelings towards but as the days and weeks passed by I
gradually fell in love with you.  Unfortunately, I was never able to
tell you, until now."

Washu: The new party game, Musical obsessions

Once again, Aeka stood up from where she sat and crouched in front
of Tenchi, she gently held on to both of his hands and gazed into his
eyes.  Tenchi did not flinch at Aeka's sudden boldness he carefully
listened on.

"Tenchi, ever since I met you my heart has grown to love you.  I know
that you were unable to tell me anything at all about your feelings
towards me it was mainly due to the fact that Ryoko and myself are
constantly fighting over you.  It has been that way for the past two
years and now..."  Aeka was suddenly quiet, struggling to hold back
any involuntary tears.

"And now, what?  Aeka?"  Tenchi asked.

<I must not shed a tear, I must be strong.> Aeka thought adamantly.

Aeka regained her composure. "And now, things will be different from
this conversation and on.  Ever since you were gone with Ryoko at
Naroda beach, I knew that things will never be the same.

All: Us too

I must ask
you this question and my request."

"Request?"

"You will know soon enough."

Tenchi readied himself as Aeka contemplated.

<How should I ask him?  Tenchi, do you love me?

Tenchi: As a sister

Would you like to
spend the rest of your life with me?

Tenchi: Like I have a choice? You live with us

Sharing a love that is truly
special?

Tenchi: Diamond special or riding the tiny bus special?

>  Aeka introspected.

"Tenchi, do you love Ryoko?"

Tenchi was caught off guard by Aeka's question.  "Aeka, I, I..."  He
studdered.

"Please, Tenchi, this is a yes or no question.  Do you love her?"

Tenchi looked away from Aeka's gaze, for a long silent minute Tenchi
did not say one word as he thought.  As time rolled by, Aeka held her
heart with a tight grip waiting for Tenchi's reply.

"Yes."

Ryoko: (Grabs Tenchi and kisses him until he passes out from lack of oxygen)

"T-Tenchi..."  Aeka faltered a bit, without shedding a tear.  She
looked away from Tenchi.

"I'm, I'm sorry Aeka."

Aeka immediately gazed at Tenchi with bold amethyst eyes. "No! Do not
ever say you are sorry! You did very well.  I thank you for being
honorable by staying honest and truthful."

"Being 'honorable' doesn't really excuse me for having to make you
wait on me for nearly two years."

"Tenchi, a few minutes ago, I mentioned to you about a request."

Tenchi: (Grogily wakes up)
Ryoko: (Looks very proud of herself)

"Yes?"

Aeka was hesitant but regained her mindset.  "Tenchi, you must keep
this between us.  Nobody must not know about it."

"Alright."

"Tenchi..., will you..." Aeka looked away, struggling to keep her
tears from welling up.

"Will I, what?  Aeka?"

"Will you kiss me?"

Tenchi: (Begins writing his will)

Tenchi did not respond.  For a silent moment, he gazed at her.  Aeka
held Tenchi's hands grasping them tighter.

"I know, it is a very bold request but please,  all I want is piece
of you before I move on.  Just to feel what it feels like to have
your lips against mine.  Your touch...  Please,  I need a little
piece of heaven before I realize my reality."

Tenchi didn't say a word.  Instead, he stood up from his chair and
wrapped his arms around Aeka.  They held each other tight.  Instead
of tears of sorrow, Aeka cherished the moment she had longed for.
She knew she didn't have time to be sad, finally, after a day and a
half of lingering on a thread of anxiety.  The loose thread has been
tied. Tenchi looked at Aeka and ran his hands down her face.  Aeka
closed her eyes as she sensed his hands caressing her cheeks.  Tenchi
slowly placed his lips on Aeka's.  Aeka felt warmth and wholesomeness
through the shared contact.

Aeka hugged Tenchi even tighter and felt his soft lips.  After five
cherished-eternal minutes Aeka broke away from Tenchi's lips.

Ryoko: Five minutes! I'll kill him! (Prepairs to kill Tenchi)
Tenchi: I love you
Ryoko: Aw man (Sits back)

She
stepped away from him and walked towards the door.  She placed her
fingers along her lips and smiled in a bitter-sweet manner.

Gene: I guess it's genetic

"Aeka..., what is to going to happen now?  Are you going to leave
earth?"

"No, not yet.  I must make peace before doing so."

Gene: I'm telling you she's going to blow up the planet!

Tenchi understood and nodded.


Ryoko and Washu

Aisha: They're right here

Inside the warm environment of the floating Onsen, Ryoko walked
around the different sets of bathing pools, she planned on adding a
new feature.

Washu: (Slips Ryoko the shower massager)

In her hands she held the blueprints to the onsen,

Aisha: Aliens are big on actual blueprints, trust me

ready to make some new modifications for the construction of the
onsen's new feature, a Jacuzzi.  Ryoko paused for a few moments and
thought about all the events that occurred during her date with
Tenchi.  From rescuing a kid's life to nearly losing her own.

Washu: That about covers it

Ryoko
thought about the weird irony of being the Rescuer turned rescuee.

Clayton: (sings the theme to Rescue Rangers)
Others: (Stare at him)
Clayton: (slips down in his seat quietly)

And then, she thought about the one thing that really made the date
worthwhile...

Aisha: The ice cream?
Tenchi: The dolphins?
Washu: Goro? The hat? What?

<Tenchi kissed me...>  Ryoko initially thought. <But did he do it out
of sympathy or did he do it out of love?  I was hoping that he would
say something, anything about the kiss on the way home but he didn't.
Maybe I shouldn't have left him on the bus.>  Ryoko tiredly sighed.

Gene: Considering how many times they've all sighed in this I'm not 
surprised

"Well, well, hello Little Ryoko."  Said Washu, sitting in one of the
warm pools.

Tenchi: Wait... that's the cold pool
Ryoko: Mom!
Washu: What? I'm twenty thousand years old and in the body of a twelve year 
old. A little bladder control is the least of my worries

Startled by a second presence, Ryoko quickly calmed down. "Oh, it's
just you, Washu."

"Just me?  What ever happened to hello?"

"Okay, fine.  Hello."

Washu sighed.  "Sarcasm, sarcasm. So..."

"So, what?"

Clayton: Just the conversation you'd expect from a genius

"How was your date with Tenchi?  Or do I have to wring it out of you
with a neural vice?"

Washu: Note to self: invent neural vise

Ryoko looked away painfully at Washu's question.

Ryoko: Oh I see, this is a comic book! That explains the word bubbles

"What's wrong?"

"I don't know...I just don't know."

"What do you mean by that?  What happened out there?"

Ryoko quietly answered Washu's question through the mind-link.
Through the long minutes of silence, Washu rode the memories of
events which occurred during Naroda beach.  Washu saw the images of
the Beach hunk,  the dolphins, the rescuing of a young boy, the dance
with Tenchi, sensations of drowning, Tenchi rescuing and kissing
Ryoko...

Washu pulled away from the mind-link and studied Ryoko for few
moments.

While waiting for Washu's reaction, Ryoko decided to soak her feet
into one of the nearby pools.

Ryoko: Not that one!

As she sat down and dunked her feet
into the warm waters.

All: Ew!

"It looks like you had a really full day."  Washu said, breaking the
silence.

"Yeah, you can say that."

"So what happened after the kiss?"

"Nothing.  Absolutely, nothing."  Ryoko replied looking down.

"You mean, Tenchi didn't say a word of it?"

Ryoko nodded solemnly.

"Nothing at all?  Did you say anything to him?"

Ryoko shook her head negatively.

Gene: Uncharacteristcaly quiet

"Why didn't you?"

"I don't know..., I figured I've been too aggressive with him lately
and..."

All: LATELY!?!

"And what?"

"I don't know,  I finally reached this far, and yet...I don't know
what's next between Tenchi and myself.  What do I do now?"

Washu: I'll get you a pamphlet

"Hmmm.  That's a good question, Ryoko.  What do you do now?"

"I don't know!  I'm asking you, am I?  Aren't you the number one
genius scientist of the universe?"  Ryoko yelled out.

Ryoko: Ok, now that is not very realistic

"Let me ask you this, why are you so nervous?  I've never seen you
like this before."

"I'm not sure why I'm so nervous.  Huh.  Look at me, I'm actually
trembling."

"What's the core of all your anxiety?"

Ryoko thought about Washu's question for a moment and looked down
into the water. "Fear."

"Fear?  Fear of what?"

Gene: The boogy man
Clayton: You mean Noboyuki
Gene: No that guy who waits under beds and in closets waiting to grab... 
yeah Noboyuki

"I'm afraid that, this is all too good to be true and somehow,
everything will not turn out the way I originally I hoped for."

"Ooh, I see.  I guess I can understand your anxiety abit."

"Oh really?  Then tell me, genius.  What do you know of my anxiety?"

Washu: We read each other's thoughts you dope!

Washu pulled her feet out from the water and stood up. "Well, since
you asked, I might as well tell you.  You were imprisoned in that
cave for Seven hundred years."

Ryoko shuddered at the word 'cave'.

Tenchi: You should see what she does when you say 'ketchup'
Ryoko: Excuse me (Runs down the hall) Yes yes oh gods yes! (Comes back 
wearing new pants)

"Please don't remind me."

"For all those years you had no way of contacting the outside world
but the most you were able to achieve is being able to observe what's
going on outside the cave.  Correct?"

Gene: Is that your final answer?

Ryoko shook her head affirmatively.

"Then, one day, you see a baby boy named Tenchi Masaki.  Now, I
wonder, what is it about him that had you interested in him in the
first place?"

Ryoko smiled a bit , she closed her eyes and thought about Tenchi
when she first laid eyes on him.  "Even though people did pass by the
cave, Tenchi was different, he was able to feel my presence.  He was
the only one who saw me.  Ever since seeing that beautiful baby boy,
I vowed to meet him and to love him."

Aisha: Ok, I'm dating a 12 year-old but this is a bit much
Ryoko: (Shrugs)

"You watched Tenchi Masaki grow from a baby to a handsome young man
and then you tried to find a way to escape from the cave.  Through
the years, as you searched for a way out,  your body started to decay
as a result of using all your energy.  And then disaster struck,
Tenchi was inside the cave, exploring."

"Please don't remind me!  He wasn't even supposed to see me as a
mummy!"  Ryoko shouted covering her ears.

"okay, okay.  I'll skip that part."

Ryoko lightened up.  "Thank you."

"So finally, you meet Tenchi."  Washu continued on. "Of course, I
won't comment on your first approach.

Tenchi: On the plus side we were all given our diplomas because they thought 
it was a gas leak
Gene: If not you'd have been the prime suspect, moving out into the woods 
like that
Clayton: And when you tried to explain the aliens that would have been it

He thought you were going to
kill him, which basically, made your chances even slimmer.  To make
things worse,  you had rivals for Tenchi's love.  Aeka comes along,
Mihoshi, and maybe even Sasami.

Washu: And me

Your chances with Tenchi gets
slimmer and slimmer.  That's how it is, until yesterday, when he
first kissed you."

"You make it sound so simple."

"Why should it be so difficult?"

"I see your point."

Ryoko: (Tugs on Washu's hair)

"So what now?  What are you going to do about your relationship with
Tenchi?"

Ryoko contemplated for few silent minutes.  Finally she pulled her
feet out of the water and faced Washu. "I think I better go talk to
him, instead of me waiting on him."

"Sounds good to me.  Try not to be too aggressive with him, ok?"

Ryoko: Who me?
All: Yes, you!

"Hey!  You don't have to remind me!  I think I'm a little mature
since then."  Ryoko snarled.

Washu was silent then the red-head smiled at her daughter.

"Thanks."

"Anytime, Little Ryoko."

Ryoko ignored the title 'Little' and made her way towards the door of
the onsen.

"Oh!  By the way, Ryoko!"

Ryoko impatiently turned around. "Yes?  What is it now?"

"I almost forgot to remind to you,  can you drop by the lab later on
today?"

"Sure, I guess.  What time?"

"Sometime this evening, right after dinner."

"Alright, I'll be there.  But don't try anything funny!"

Washu made an innocent face. "What?  Little ol' me?  I'm harmless!"

All: Bullshit!
Washu: (Pushes a button)
All: Ribbit!

"Yeah, right."

Ryoko stepped out of the onsen and she made her way towards the
Masaki home.  Ryoko finally reached the front door and proceeded to
open the doorway but as she reached, Aeka stepped out.  Both girls
bumped into each other painfully.  Aeka fell to the floor and Ryoko
stumbled backwards.  A bit of anger surged through Ryoko but she
quickly extinguished the emotion,  she walked over to Aeka and helped
the princess to her feet.  As Aeka stood up, Ryoko noticed the pained
look on Aeka's face and was also startled by the fact that Aeka
didn't yell at her.  Ryoko gazed into Aeka's amethyst eyes and

Aisha: Was hypnotised

noticed hidden anger, sorrow, and pain buried within.

Aeka looked away from Ryoko and regained her composure.  "Th-thank
you."  Aeka gratified softly and slowly walked off towards the Holy
Tree.

Clayton: This isn't onme of those cult things is it?
Gene: Well Yosho did train them to fight, made them wear robes and worship 
trees. I'd call that a cult

Ryoko gazed with concern as Aeka gradually disappeared into the
woods.  Instead of going up into Tenchi's room, Ryoko carefully
tailed after Aeka.

Ryoko: I could do both
Other Ryoko: Yeah

Aeka


Under the bright sun, the Juraian tree; Funaho, provided shadow.
Aeka hopped over a few stepping stones and reached the shady area of
under the tree.  She quietly sat down, closed her eyes, and tears
welled up.

<Why?>  She asked herself sadly.  <Why must I be kept from true
happiness?>

Aisha: Karma

The thought of Tenchi and Yosho, the only men she loved in her life,
did not love her.  This realization struck her the hardest, the
reality of knowing that the two, especially Tenchi, were not
interested in her heart's investment.

Tenchi: I just don't think beany babies are that cute

First of all, she came to
earth searching for her beloved fiance, only to find that Yosho had
chosen to avoid the throne as well as marrying her.  Secondly,  Yosho
attempted to start a relationship between her and Tenchi.

Ryoko: For which I did wedgy him

Instead of
a flowering relationship, she waited and fought for nearly two years
only to have found that Ryoko earned her special place in Tenchi's
heart.

Twice she had paid the painful price through hope, creating, and
fighting.  Investing her emotional commitment, her soul, and her
chance to experience any real love.  All of which hangs in the
balance of the men who had made their decision.  The only price that
Yosho and Tenchi paid for their own happiness was Aeka's sacrifice of
her dreams of being ever close to them.

Gene: Technicaly they didn't pay for it

Aeka began to cry, cursing fate under her anguished breath.  Will it
ever stop playing cruel games of her emotions?  Is she forever
condemned in such a cold cycle of hope and sorrow?

Clayton: Basicaly

Her tears
streamed from her eyes even harder, turned pink from pain and
frustration.

Washu: Ok, now that was weird

After a while of silent tears and sorrow, Aeka laid
down on her back and watched as the white clouds rolled across the
serene the deep blue.  As the calm summer wind blew across her face,
Aeka took In a breath of fresh countryside air and closed her eyes.

As Aeka's mind slowly cleared and relaxed, she focused her thoughts
on her first and last kiss from Tenchi.  The only good that came from
her sacrifice was the fact that Tenchi kissed her out of pure
commitment instead of motivated through the sense of obligation.

Clayton: Isn't a commitment the same as an obligation?

After two years of waiting, she finally received her kiss.  Now,
thanks to his kiss Aeka's heart is finally free.  No more worries of
what Tenchi thinks of her because he had already chosen.  No longer
will she worry about starting a committed relationship because Tenchi
has already started one.  No longer will she worry about winning or
losing a place in Tenchi's heart because Ryoko was already there.
She is free.

Washu: Well it's hard to sell those things. The Ryokos sell easier

"Aeka?"  Asked a familiar female voice.

Aeka quickly wiped away her sad facade.  "Hello, Ryoko."

"Were you crying?"

"That is not important, right now.  I have been wanting to talk you
today, Ryoko."

Ryoko stood on one of the branches of Funaho, she descended next to
Aeka on the ground.  As she touched ground, Ryoko noticed the veiled
look on Aeka's face and noticed her pinkish face.

<Yep, she cried alright.  Ok, Ryoko, try to be diplomatic.>  Ryoko
thought to herself.

Ryoko: Got ya

"Oh?  What do you want to talk about?"

Aeka internally fought out the words. "Tenchi."

"Okay, what about him?  Has something happened?"

"I will just put this simply to make it easier on me."

"Easier on you?"  Ryoko asked curiously with concern.

"He has chosen to be with you."

Ryoko: Wow, she said it

Ryoko stood silent not knowing how to react to Aeka's statements.

"I asked him myself, he truly does love you."  Aeka continued on. " I
am proud to say that the fights and quarrels will no longer preside;
it is truly over."

Ryoko couldn't believe what she was hearing.  "Proud?  Are you?
After two years of struggling to be with Tenchi, you'll just simply
take this lightly and just give up?!?"

Tenchi: I can live with that

"I am trying not to take it so hardly nor am I trying to take this
lightly.  I am just finally accepting my true destiny.  I have been
so foolish to let my emotions totally guide me, now, I must place
myself back to my true reality."

"I, I, don't know what to say Aeka."

"No need to say anything, Ryoko.  I just need you to promise me one
thing."

"What?"

"Promise me that you will take good care of Tenchi."

Ryoko: Oh I take good care oh him
Tenchi: Ketchup
Ryoko: Bastard (Runs out of the room)Oooooooo!
Clayton: Tenchi, you are cleaning that up

"Are you trying to tell me that you're leaving?"

Aeka suddenly shot an angry look at Ryoko.  "Ryoko, that is not
important!  The matter that we are discussing; is.  You must promise
me that you will take good care of Tenchi!"

"At least tell me why you're giving up so easily!  This is not like
you , you always give a good fight whenever Tenchi's concerned!"
Ryoko yelled back.

"Ryoko, please."  Aeka begged weakly as she sat on the ground, her
shoulders slumped.  Tears began to roll down her cheeks.

Ryoko felt sympathy for Aeka, never had she ever seen Aeka in such a
vulnerable state.  Ryoko stood next to the sobbing princess and
placed her hand on Aeka's shoulders.  Aeka summoned up all her
strength and held back the remaining tears.

Aeka struggled to speak under her pain.  "If it makes you promise, I
will tell you why I am giving up."  The princess spoke, not looking
up at Ryoko.  "As I said before, I asked Tenchi who he loved.  He
told me he loved you.  I love Tenchi."

Ryoko gently rubbed Aeka shoulder, doing her best to comfort Aeka in
some way.

Aisha: (Sniffles)

"I love Tenchi so much I do not want to burden him any further by
fighting you.  Don't you see, Ryoko?  I am thinking for his well-
being.  He chose you.  With my all my heart, I wish happiness for the
both of you."

"Aeka, I..." Ryoko struggled abit. "What about your happiness?"

Aeka interrupted. "Right now, I am not thinking of myself, I just
want You to promise me that you will take good care of him."

Ryoko stood silent still rubbing Aeka's shoulder.  "Aeka, I promise."

"Thank you, Ryoko."

Then the silence passed over again between the two girls.

"Ryoko?"

"Yes, Aeka?"

"I need to be alone for awhile, I believe you were on your way to
Tenchi's room when we bumped into each other a short while ago.  You
can go now, our talk here is finished."

"Are you sure about that Aeka?  Do you still need somebody to talk
to?"

"I am sure.  Please go and talk to Tenchi."

"Aeka, please know that I'll always be your friend and that I don't
want to fight with you anymore, not over anything.

Ryoko: Except the remote

"Ryoko, I trust that a new chapter has opened between you and I."

"You got that right, princess."

All: (blink)

Aeka did her best to smile but only managed slightly.

"I'll see you around."

"Alright."

Ryoko turned from Aeka and disappeared into thin air.

Ryoko: Copperfield eat your heart out

As soon as Ryoko left, Aeka laid back down to the grass and closed
her eyes.

<Now that I have established peace with Ryoko, what do I do now?>

Clayton: Date

Aeka thought.  <What do I deserve out of all this sacrifice and
pain?>

Gene: I have a lollypop here if you want

For long while she looked for an answer within.

"I am so tired..."


Tenchi and Ryoko


Ryoko teleported into Tenchi's room and found Tenchi sitting on the
side of his bed, his shoulders slumped, he wore a nervous expression.

Aisha: Tight fit, but on you it works

"Hello, Tenchi."

Tenchi immediately looked up at the sound of Ryoko's voice.  "Ryoko!
I'm sorry for not saying anything to you on the bus."

"It's ok, Tenchi. I understand."  Ryoko assured. "Tenchi?"

"Yes, Ryoko?"

"I just spoke with Aeka a few minutes ago."

"You did?  What did you two talk about?"

"Aeka and myself have settled our differences, we won't be fighting
over you anymore."

"I, I was hoping for that kind of change.

Washu: Forgot to bring clean underwear to the beach
Clayton: Sand in the shorts
All: Yeowch!

Ryoko, about last
night..."

Ryoko thought about the events that took place last night at the
beach house and tried hard not to think about them.

Tenchi: She's not doing a very good job

"Tenchi, please don't mention last night."

"No, Ryoko.  I have to tell you this.  It's very important to me and
to you."

"Ever since last night,  I have never been so worried, I thought I
that I would lose you.  Ryoko...I..."

"You what? Tenchi?"

Tenchi fought for the words that harbored his true feelings for
Ryoko.

"...I...um...I..." Tenchi said and faltered nervously.

After a minute or so, Tenchi regained his composure and cleared his
throat.

"Ryoko,  I..."

All: Spit it out!

"You what?"

"I love you.  Ever since last night,  I couldn't stop thinking about
you.  I also realized that I couldn't imagine my life without you and
the Fact that I almost lost a chance of getting to really love you on
a Much more Intimate level.  I also want to apologize."

"Apologize? For what?"  Ryoko asked.

"I had you and Aeka waiting on me for all these years.  If I was
honest from the beginning things could've been different."

Washu: Wow two whole years: That is such a long time (Snort)

"No, Tenchi.  Don't apologize.  If I weren't so aggressive and over
protective, you wouldn't of felt so much pressure.  It should be me
who should be apologizing, not you."

"Ryoko, don't say such a thing it should be me who should apologize."

"No, no Tenchi.  I should be apologizing."

"Ryoko,  I should apologize."

"Tenchi, you're wrong, I should apologize."

"Don't be foolish Ryoko,  I was the core of all the fights and all
disappointments, so it should be me."

"What?!?  Foolish?!  Is that what I'm being right now for being
considerate?"

"No no!  That's not what I meant!  I was just saying that I should
apologize!  Not you!"

"This is going no where... we're both being way to considerate, so
I'll
settle this the usual way."

"What do you mean? The usual way?  ERK!"

Ryoko drew her red energy sword and held it at Tenchi's throat.

Tenchi and Ryoko: That's the usual way alright

"Now Tenchi darling,  I apologize for apologizing to you in this
threatening manner and I'm sorry for being to aggressive to you.
Well?  Do you accept my apology?"

Tenchi nodded quickly.  "Uh...Yes, Ryoko.  I accept your apology."

Ryoko's sword disappeared with a pop.  "Good!  Then that's settled."

Tenchi sighed in relief and smiled.  "You weren't really going to
do such a thing, were you?  Ow!"

Ryoko softly bopped Tenchi's head with her knuckle. "Of course not,
silly!
I wouldn't dare do a thing!  Why would I hurt the love of my life?
My
most valued treasure."

Gene: Apparently

"Oh, uh thanks.  You still didn't have to hit me."

Ryoko: Yes I did
Tenchi: Ke-
Ryoko: (Slaps a hand over his mouth)

"I'm sorry..."  Ryoko apologized and softly kissed Tenchi's head.
"There!  Feel better?"

Tenchi smiled sheepishly. "Um, much better.  Thanks."

"Don't mention it."


Canon


Meanwhile at Funaho's tree, Aeka began to think about what could have
been possible if Tenchi chosen her instead of Ryoko, suddenly Aeka's
thoughts were distracted by the sounds of something emerging from the
forest.  Aeka quickly sat up and spotted Shoji.

"Princess Aeka, did I come here at a wrong time?"

"No, not really."  Aeka replied, then she noticed a peculiar headgear
currently held Shoji's hand.  "I hope you do not mind me asking
but..."

"Yes, princess Aeka?"

"What is that device you are holding in your left hand?"

Aisha: Oh Gene is going to love this
Gene: Hahaha!

"What?  This?  Here, let me hand this to you for your closer
examination."

Gene: This is getting good

  Shoji held up his gear and walked towards Aeka.  As
soon as he reached Aeka, he sat down next to her and handed the
device to her.

Washu: Is this one of mine?

Aeka studied at the curious device.  The gear resembled a baseball
Cap except it had no bill, the material of the cap is combination
Of different polymers and metals.  The sides of the cap had small
Ear flaps and on the front of the cap were attached goggles.

Tenchi: (As Shoji) It keeps the aliens out of my brain
Washu: Like that would stop me
All: (scoot away)

"What is this thing, Shoji?"  Aeka asked.

"That device you're holding is a kind of virtual reality machine."

"Really?  Where did you get it from?"

"It's a gift I received from a long time friend who used to be in
the Galaxy Police."

Tenchi: Oh so Mihoshi is back

"What does it do?"

"It's just like any other virtual reality machine but with one
exception.  Instead of participating in a game, you participate in
musical recital.  It's mainly a device that gives the wearer a since
of participation of any musical engagement.  Which also includes any
music from any culture within the known universe."

Aisha: Except the 70's
All: Hooray!

"This is very interesting."  Aeka said, despite her sadness as she
quietly looked for any kind of peace.

"Of course, me being me.  I only have one music program installed
into this little device.  Would you like to give this device a try?"

"I would love to."

"Here, let me help you get started."  Shoji scooted closer next to
Aeka.  Aeka hands the VR music gear to Shoji.  The knight places the
The device onto Aeka's head, flipped the ear flaps over Aeka's ears
And adjusts the viewing goggles to better comfort Aeka's eyes.

Clayton: All the better to see you with

Next,
Shoji reached into his pockets and brings out and extra pair of
Goggles and ear plugs.  He puts on the devices and plugs himself
into the VR music gear.

"Shoji, I am ready."

Gene: I wish they wouldn't keep getting my hopes up like this

"Me too.  Ok, I am switching on the device."

Shoji presses the power button.

Washu: Oh, pacman!

Aeka found herself in a cool air-conditioned concert chamber.  She
Immediately recognized that the architecture of the concert chamber
Was Earth origin.  As she looked around, Aeka noticed that she was
Wearing a black concert dress, Sitting on a concert chair.

Tenchi: I'm pretty sure there is no such chair or dress

Aeka also
found herself sitting in the center of a huge circle composed of the
Earth String Orchestra.  She saw many individuals holding the same
instrument of various sizes, mainly, the viola.

Aisha: You mean violens?
Clayton: (Pulls a cabbit out of his hat) Viola!

The orchestra had
nothing but string instruments, cellos and various violas.  To her
surprise, she saw Shoji sitting from across her, sitting at the
harpsichord and wearing a black Tuxedo.

"What shall I do next, Shoji?"

"Just sit back, listen, and just let the music soothe you."  Shoji

Washu: So this is the high tech version of Ruffies?

said and turned towards the violinists.  "Pachebel's Canon in D
minor, String Orchestra."

In response to Shoji's commands, the entire string orchestra readied
their instruments.  Shoji begun the first notes of the score with
slow welcoming notes then the strings started to play along with him.

[Listen to Canon!

Aisha: He's awfully pushy

And for those who are not into classical music
just think of that one special music that makes you feel at ease
whether it being rock, rap, country, or whatever.

Gene: Does Weird Al count?

When reading this
section think of that one special song that makes you relax despite
whatever hell you went through.

Washu: We aren't talking about Aeka anymore are we? You sir need help

]

Aeka closed her eyes.  As the music piece continued its play, the
calming and soothing quality alleviated Aeka of the stresses that
plagued her.


Dinner


"Come and get it!  Dinner's ready!"  Sasami yelled out throughout the
house.  In a brief moment, Tenchi ran down the stairs and sat down at
his place at the table.

"Am I hungry!"

Tenchi: Seriously, am I?

Tenchi said drooling.  "Here's one
thing I missed while being at Naroda beach and that's your cooking
Sasami!"

Aisha: I thought they took it with them. I'm almost positive they did

Sasami blushed and giggled.  "Thank you, Tenchi!"

A minute later Ryoko materialized next to Tenchi, to her surprise
Tenchi for once, didn't flinch.

< He would usually become nervous but this time, he didn't.  Looks
like things are changing after all.>  Ryoko mentally noted.

A moment later Aeka walked into the dining area with Shoji following
Close behind.  Ryoko observed Aeka's mood and noticed that she looked
More calm and content then looking downward.  Tenchi noticed as well.
Aeka sat down next across the table from Tenchi instead of next to
him And proceeded to eat her dinner.

Aisha: Decent of her but where will Shoji sit?

As dinner progressed, Sasami broke the silence.  "Guess what!"

"What's up Sasami?"  Asked Ryoko.

"I have a great idea on what we can do next week!  It's going to be
fun!"

"What is it kiddo?"  Ryoko asked again.

"Let's all go back to Planet Jurai!  The Startica festival is going to
start and I would sure hate to miss it this year!"

Ryoko: Oh no, that means Mayuka again

"You are right Sasami, let us all go back home to Jurai and celebrate
the festivities." Aeka stated with a slight smile. "After all, it is
the 10,000th Annual celebration of Startica."

Washu: The first one wasn't that great

"Why not?  Let's try something different!"  Tenchi Exclaimed.  Then
he caught Ryoko's nervous expression.  "What's wrong, Ryoko?"

"Well, I would love to go to Jurai but there's  just this one little
detail.  Wouldn't there be anybody who is still bound to carry some
bad grudge against me?  It's only been 700 years since I raided
Jurai.  I'm not sure if they would just simply forget about that
little incident."

"Yeah but it wasn't your fault that you raided Jurai.  You were under
Kagato's control."  Tenchi retorted.

"I know, still,  those were done by my actions.  I don't know."

"Ryoko, do not worry of such things."

"Why not Aeka?"

"Because, the Jurai royal family gave you a full pardon with the
approval of the Juraian Council.  The council is a Diplomatic
government body.  All decisions and laws are approved by not the will
of the representatives but by the people of Jurai.  So I would not
worry about it."

Gene: (Dozes off)

"Okay, if you say so.  Then I'll go along."  Ryoko agreed
apprehensively.

"YIPEE!!  We're all going to Jurai!"  Sasami said happily.

"When do we depart for Jurai?"  asked Tenchi.

Aisha: Nobody ever includes Yosho or Noboyuki in these decisions

"Within two days the Festival will start in five days and will last
for a week."

And so, dinner passed by without incident with something to look
forward to in two days.


Washu's Favor


Ryoko floated into the pseudo-lab and thought about Tenchi.  She
found Washu busy at the holocomputer-console.  Washu ceased her
typing and turned around to find Ryoko.

"Ah!  You're here!"

"Of course, I'm here!"  Ryoko said with a hint of annoyance. "You
asked me to be here didn't you?  so, what's up?"

"Oh nothing much, I need you to help me for on my little research."

Ryoko: Uh oh

"What are you working on?"

"I'm just testing out this new data-entry program for the
holocomputer database."

Ryoko walked up behind Washu and curiously peered over her shoulder
to take a peek at the new program.  Washu sneaked a glance through
the corner of her eye and beamed slightly.  Unaware, Ryoko leaned
forward To take a closer study.

"Hmm..."  Ryoko commented softly as possible.

"Interested?"

Ryoko was caught off guard a bit and straightened up.  "No, of course
not.  Why should I be?"

Gene: Her porno collection
Aisha: Let it go Gene

Washu sighed.

"Why do you need me here?"

"I just need you to transfer a couple of files from the original
database into the new one."

"And what are you doing while I'm conducting all this data-entry?"

"I need to go feed the lab specimens.  Do as much as you can,  I'll
be back in a few minutes."   Washu stated as she stood up from her
floating chair.

"Um, alright."  Ryoko said unexcited and frowned, she sat down on
Washu's chair and started her data-entry.

Washu left Ryoko and walked around a corner,  she grabbed her mini-
camcorder.  Though the camcorder's viewer, Washu watched as Ryoko
transferred data into the installed mock database which was actually
a test program.

Ryoko: That's it! I'm getting a restraining order!

Ryoko looked bored as ever as she tapped at the
keyboard slowly with her right fore-finger.  After a few minutes of
recording Ryoko, Washu stepped out from behind the corner.
Pretending to be exhausted, Washu let out a tired-like breath.

"Phew!  Man, that was tiring!  Those lab specimens can get really
hungry these days."

Tenchi: If that's what she does they're probably all dead

"I'm sure they would, since you only feed them once a month.  Can I
go now?"

"Oh sure, Ryoko!  Thanks for your help."

<I wonder what Tenchi's doing?>  Ryoko thought curiously.

Ryoko stood up from her chair and headed toward the lab exit. "Yeah,
ok.  I'll see you around.  OH!"  Ryoko turned around nearly
forgetting Sasami's favor.

"Yes, Ryoko?"

"Just wanted to let you know, Planet Jurai is holding their annual
Startica Festival.  You should come along since the whole crew
will be heading there.  Well?  Would you like to tag along?"

"Sure!  Why not!  It's been awhile since I ever had any space travel.
Thanks for asking me!"

Clayton: Well you needed to get out

"No problem.  Ok, I gotta go. See you around."

Washu watched as Ryoko exited the lab.  After a moment of waiting,
the coast is cleared, Washu beamed wildly and turned her attention
towards the holo-computer display.  She typed in a few commands and
the screen flickered with the results of Ryoko's I.Q. Test.

"Very interesting..."  Washu said contently.  "looks like she's
very well compatible."

Washu sits down in front of the computer and starts to tally up
Ryoko's test results.


Night Fall


In the dark bedroom, Tenchi laid in bed for the past two hours, he
tossed and turned fighting for a way to go to sleep.  Next to him,
Ryoko slept peacefully, she still had the lingering effects of
The drowning incident, mainly fatigue.

Tenchi: Uh yeah, the drowning. That's it

"Ugh., I can't sleep..."

Tenchi carefully removed himself out from bed, trying extra hard not
to wake up Ryoko.  As Tenchi stood up, Ryoko rolled to her side.

"Tenchi..."  She whispered in her sleep.

Tenchi smiled and bent over to move her bangs aside, he kissed
her forehead.

He headed towards the stairs for the kitchen.  As he walked down
the flight of stairs he noticed that the lights were On In the
kitchen.  As he stepped closer, he started to hear a person
Humming a light tune.

Clayton: Don't they even let Sasami sleep?

Tenchi stepped through the kitchen doorway.  "Aeka?"

"Lord Tenchi?  What are you doing up so late?"

"I was about to ask you the same thing, I was down here hoping to
grab maybe a midnight snack to help myself to sleep.  And you?"

"I was also not able to sleep."

"Oh?  What's been keeping you up?"

"Today was a very emotional day for me.  I went through worry,
sorrow, and anger."

Tenchi suddenly looked hurt and guilt-ridden.  "I'm, I'm sorry to
Put you through that Aeka."

"Let me finish, Tenchi.  As of now,  by miraculous circumstances, I
feel as though that I have a new sense of optimism towards my own
well being."

"You do seem happier than you were this afternoon."

"You think so?" Aeka asked.

Tenchi nodded.  "What changed your mood?"

Aeka smiled and looked at Tenchi straight in the eye.  "The thought
Of returning home to Jurai for Startica and..."

"And what?"

"...and Canon."

"Canon?  What do you mean by that?"

Aisha: Look at Noboyuki's car and you'll see

"Well, this afternoon, Shoji introduced me to one piece of Earth
Classical music and I must say.   It had quite an effect on me."

Gene: Like that ketchup thing
Ryoko: (Whimpers and crosses her legs)
Washu: (Does the same) I love telepathy!

"How so?"

"Let me just say that you do not have to worry about me.  I suggest
you go back to bed and try to get some sleep."  Aeka said with a warm
smile.

"Well, Goodnight Aeka.  I hope you get some night's sleep as well."

Tenchi Stepped over to Aeka and gives her the goodnight's hug.

Aeka separated from Tenchi. "Don't worry I will.  Goodnight, Tenchi."

"Goodnight, Aeka."

As Tenchi left the kitchen, Aeka's smile disappeared as quickly as
it appeared.



To be continued...

Tenchi: Is it over?
Clayton: Almost

Forevermore

Original Japanese Lyrics: Natsuko Karedo
Composed & Arranged by Seikou Nagaoka
Vocal: Ai Orikasa

Feel the wind... feel the sun
And our new day has only begun
On the sand... by the sea
It's a peaceful oasis made for you and for me
Take my hand...

This place was always waiting
This beauty all around us
The air intoxicating
Just like the love that found us

* Let's forget who we've been
And give into the dream
Maybe life is a song
That's how it seems...

And forevermore we'll hear the music play
Yes forevermore I'll take you in my arms this way
And forevermore we'll know the melody
We will sing forevermore, just like the peaceful sea

Past the clouds... past the sky
We can only imagine what great mysteries lie
Other moons... other stars
Close your eyes and together we'll go wandering far
Take my hand...

This miracle's undying
It never will forsake us
We'll always keep on flying
Wherever love may take us

(* Repeat)

All: (Repeat the song)

Author's Notes:


I would like to give special Thanks to Akodo X for providing the
lyrics of Forevermore.  VERY Special thanks goes out to my editor,
Minset and to my online editor Random.  And to my Pre-readers,
RyokoMR, Cman, and BGlanders.

All: (Leave)




