	Author Notes: This is my first MST, okay? So, don't expect it to 
be half as great as the others I've read, I really have no experience at 
this at all. Anyway, Tenchi Muyo! and anything that applies to it is 
coypright Pioneer LDC and AIC and the characters Qualmi and Rhjamiz are 
copyright to me, and Lina Inverse is copyright to  Software Sculptors, 
Kadokawa Publishing Co., and Hajime.


	Our cast:

	Lina Inverse
	Master Sorceress, star of Slayers. 19 years of age, origin 
unknown. Loves to eat and go on treasure hunts. Was bribed to help MST 
this fic.

	Rhjamiz "Keppa" Mnementh
	Weredragon. 19 years old, just enough to get her into this 
theater. Loves lesbian fics especially, but will MST any lemon fic, has 
a short temper towards guys ruling lesbians in threesomes. *Author 
shrugs* Origin is unknown. For the record, she's a lesbian herself.

	Qualmi
	20 year old American male. Real name is unknown. He is like the 
son of Siskel & Ebert (thank God he isn't), and MSTs fics like there's 
no tomorrow.

	Washu Hakubi
	Mad Scientist Genius, 12 years of age (but we're letting her view 
this anyway 'cuz we know that's not her real age ^_^). Is very 
protective of Minagi, Ryoko, and Zero, and herself being used in lemon 
fics and will MST them all until the end of time.

	******

	Lina, Keppa, Qualmi, and Washu walk into the theatre, and take 
their seats in the front row, and Keppa gets out her ticket, examining 
it.
	
	Keppa: No Need For Seduction? Is this a lesbian fic?!
	(Lina sighs)
	Qualmi: Yes, Keppa, for crying out loud.
	Washu: I better not be in it, and if I am, I better not a complete 
nut!
	Keppa: I hope you are! I just want something to laugh at!

	*KA-POW*

	Keppa: ...ow...
	Washu: Yeah, well, that's what you get!!
	Lina: Okay, okay, shh, it's starting!

	The screen flickers to life, and after a long collection of boring 
previews of movies that no one will ever go see, the movie begins.

	>EPISODE 7: NO NEED FOR SEDUCTION

	Keppa: We figured that.

	>Tenchi woke up, did a bunch of traditional Japanese morning stuff 
that I wouldn't know about, and went downstairs for breakfast. 

	Keppa: Heh. I'd hate to think of what he did.
	Qualmi: Probably some Japanese praying ritual or something.
	Keppa: OH GET REAL!! The guy's stuck in a sea of beautiful women!
	All(except Keppa): So?
	Keppa: You people disgust me.
	Lina: What?!
	Keppa(O_O): Nothing, nothing!

	>"Any minute now,

	Keppa: You'll spontaneously combust!
	
	*TH-WAP*

	Keppa: Uuugghh...
	Lina: Stop being a complete idiot!

	>" he thought. Sometimes, he wished she would just do it at the 
same time every morning,

	Keppa: Do what at the same time?! Huh?!
	Washu: Would you shut up already?!
	Keppa: Why?
	Washu: Just. Shut. Up.
	Keppa: Fine.

	>so at least he would be ready for it. 
	
	Qualmi: Yeah, he's caught off-guard and can't cum correctly.
	Lina & Washu: SICK! (both smack Qualmi as hard as they can)
	Keppa: *grin*
	
	>But no, she seemed to be varying her moment of attack, as if to 
be sure of catching him off-guard.

	Qualmi: See? I was right!
	Washu: Shut up!
	Qualmi: But--
	Lina: FIREBALL!
	
	*VREEEEE-KA-BOOM* (funky fireball noise)

	Qualmi(*_*): *sputtering out nonunderstandable syllables*
	Lina(brushing her hands together): Hmph.
	Keppa: Whoa, girl, you gotta learn to control your temper.
	Lina: YOU WANNA BE NEXT?
	Keppa: EEK!

	>Or maybe she just took a diffrent ammount of time to wake up 
every morning. Whatever her reasons, she did it at a different moment 
every morning. 

	Keppa: Maybe her schedule is fixed that way so she can catch him 
"off-guard" more often! (stands up) YEAH!
	Lina: SIT DOWN BEFORE I FIREBALL YOU!
	Keppa(sitting down): Sorry.

	>But she had never missed a day.

	Keppa: At least she's good at it.
	Lina: IF I HAVE TO TELL YOU TO SHUT UP ONE MORE TIME--
	Keppa(>_<): Okay, okay! I'm sorry!!

	>Tenchi slowly and carefully made his way down the steps, taking 
them one at a time. He didn't want to risk falling when she caught him 
off-guard. 

	Keppa: You know, this is boring. I've run out of comments, and 
Qualmi seems to be still fried.
	Lina: Then shut up.

	>And off-guard he was, every day. The woman always seemed to 
strike when he least expected it... He was never prepared, even though 
he knew to expect it every morning. 

	Keppa: That's 'cuz you're an idiot and can't learn ahead of time!
	Washu: That's it...
	Keppa(O_O): NO! I'm SORRY!
	Lina: TOO LATE! FIREBALL!

	*VRREEEEE-KA-BOOM*

	(Keppa lands beside Qualmi, torched)

	>He reached the bottom step and walked past Washuu's lab towards 
the kitchen. It looked like he was in the clear. Maybe she had slept too 
soundly this morning...? 

	Qualmi: (taking his seat again) Well, I was wrong about them being 
in bed.
	Lina: Y'think?

	>Yeah... maybe... And then, just when Tenchi least expected it, 

	Keppa:(in her seat) HE SPONTANEOUSLY COMBUSTED!!
	Qualmi: YEAH, MAN!
	Lina: WHAT IS IT WITH YOU AND SPONTANEOUS COMBUSTION?!
	Keppa:(shrugging) I dunno, just sounds really cool.

	>He felt the large breasts pressing against his back; felt the 
strong, feminine arms reach around him from behind and embrace him in 
the deadliest of all grips;

	Qualmi: The Mega-Crusher Lock!!
	Keppa: The Psycho Struggler!!
	Lina: The Hug of Shabranigdu!!
	Washu: The Pressure of H over 2 pi, times the amount of gravity 
divided by the weight of both subjects, plus--
	All(except Washu): Huh?
	Washu: Oh, never mind.

	>the hug of unrequented love. 

	Keppa: HAH! YOU GUYS WERE WAY OFF!
	Lina: SO WERE YOU!
	Keppa: Oh. I knew that.
	Lina: Suuuure.

	>And he knew exactly whose arms and breasts were loving him 
unrequentedly, too... 

	Washu: Yep! My daughter's!

	>"Good morning, my Lord Tenchi. Did you sleep well?"

	Qualmi & Washu: WHAT?! AYEKA?!
	Keppa(turning to Lina): Now this is interesting, doncha think?
	Lina: Ayeka hugging Tenchi like that? Definitely!

	>Oooooooo-kay... maybe he had been wrong about that last part... 

	Keppa: Way wrong, sucker!
	(Lina and Keppa share a laugh)

	>"Aikea-hime!" Tenchi recovered from his shock enough to pull away 
gently, only to realize that gently wasn't going to cut it in this case. 

	Keppa: Huh? But it said that he pulled away already!
	Qualmi: Well it seems that Ayeka pulled him right back!
	Keppa: Yeah, I get it!
	(Lina and Washu sigh)

	>"What are you *doing?*" he wailed. 

	Keppa: She's tryin' to get into your pants, you idiot!
	Qualmi: Yeah, tell me about it. But isn't that rather abnormal for 
Ayeka?
	Keppa: Hmm, guess you got a point.
	Lina: Well, I say it adds some suspense to the plot.
	Keppa: Suspense?
	Lina: Oh, never mind. You know what I mean.
	Keppa: Personally, I wanna see some lesbian sex.
	Washu: WELL WE DON'T!!
	Keppa: Didn't you guys read the script? Lesbians are the subject 
of this lemon fic.
	Lina: Oh no...
	Qualmi: What script? WHY WAS I NOT INFORMED?!

	>"Mmmmmmm... Why, I mearly wanted to wish you a good morning, my 
lord,

	Qualmi(Ayeka): And to know if I can get into your pants this fine 
morning!	
	Keppa(Ryoko): Hell no!
	Qualmi(Ayeka): You shut up, you!
	Keppa(Ryoko): No, you shut up!
	Lina: BOTH OF YOU SHUT UP!
	
	>and to express my gratitude for your family's hospitality..." 
Aieka's tongue flicked briefly across the back of his neck.

	Keppa: Aww, come on! Where's the lesbian sex??
	Washu: Be patient.

	>"AAAAAGH!! Stop it!!" Tenchi squirmed and pulled and finally 
broke free from Aieka's grasp. "Honestly, Aikea! What's gotten into 
you!?" 
	
	Keppa(Ayeka): Oh, Lord Tenchi, I'm so sorry! Those mean girls 
won't let me into their...(changes voices to western accent) gangbang 
orgy!!
	Qualmi(Tenchi): So you come to me for fucking?
	Lina: WOULD YOU TWO STOP IT???
	Keppa(whispering to Qualmi): We'd better shut up. I sense a Dragon 
Slave packed up in there.
	Qualmi: (gulps)

	>"Oh... forgive me, Lord Tenchi..." Aieka had fallen to her knees 
when Tenchi pulled away,
	
	Keppa: And-
	Lina(glaring at Keppa): Don't you say it. 
	Keppa: Sorry.

	>and now she sat there looking down at her hands pitfully. 

	Washu: "pitfully?" How do you look at something pitfully?
	Keppa: It's a typo, Washu.
	Washu: I know that! I was being sarcastic! Don't think that the 
Greatest Scientific Genius in the Universe couldn't have seen that typo!
	Keppa: Ooooo-kay...

	>"I-I don't know what's come over me this morning... I've never 
been this forward before... I... I... oh..." 

	Qualmi: Oops. I think she snapped.
	(Keppa laughs.)
	Lina: Yeah, snap!
	(All look at Lina)
	Keppa: Why, Lina Inverse, I never thought that...
	Lina: Darkness beyond twilight...
	Keppa: NO, I'LL SHUT UP!

	>Aieka swooned and fell backwards, her head hitting the wood-
paneled floor with a thump.

	Keppa: Thump.
	Qualmi: Thump?
	Keppa: Thump-bump-bumpity-bump!
	Qualmi & Keppa(singing): Thump-bump-bumpity-bump!
	Lina:(through clenched teeth) Crimson beyond blood that flows...
	Qualmi & Keppa(still singing): Thump-bump-bumpity-bump!
	Lina:(still through clenched teeth) Buried in the stream of 
time...
	Keppa: Okay, Lina!! PLEASE DON'T DO THE DRAGON SLAVE!!
	Lina: Hmph.

	>"Aieka!!" Tenchi ran over to Aieka's prone body and gently lifted 
her head. "Aieka! Are you all right!?" Tenchi checked her pulse and 
breathing as best he could. 

	Keppa: Thump-bump-bumpity-bump...
	Lina & Washu: KEPPA!!!
	Keppa: Just breaking the silence...

	>"Huh... that's funny... If I remember my health class... 
according to her breathing, she should still be concious...

	Keppa: Concious. New typo!!
	Qualmi: Excuse me, Lina, are you concious?
	Lina: IS WHERE YOUR POWER GROWS!!
	Keppa & Qualmi: EEEEEEEP!!!

	>hmmmm... maybe Jurians have a diffrent..." Aikea suddenly grinned 
and pulled Tenchi down onto her, forcing her tongue into his mouth and 
rubbing against him affectionately. 

	Lina: Jurians? Isn't Ayeka from Jurai?
	Washu: Typo.
	Lina: Oh.

	>"MmmmMMphmnnrgmp!!" Tenchi finally managed to pull away and ran 
out of the house as fast as his legs would carry him. 
	
	Keppa(covering her mouth): MmmmMMphmnnrgmp!!!
	Lina: You're pushing it...
	Keppa: Oh, come on, Lina! Just a little bit of fun!
	Lina: I'll show you fun! I PLEDGE MYSELF TO CONQUER ALL THE FOES 
THAT STAND, AGAINST THE MIGHTY GIFT BESTOWED TO MY UNWORTHY HAND!
	
	Keppa & Qualmi: AHHHHHHH!!
	Lina: MAY THE FOOLS WHO STAND BEFORE ME BE DESTROYED BY THE POWER 
THAT YOU AND I POSSESS---DRAGON SLLLAAAVVEE!
	(Lina's Dragon Slave totally engulfs Keppa and Qualmi, as well as 
the other side of the theater, leaving a big gap in the wall)
	Lina: Oops...
	Washu: Oh great, way to go, Lina!
	Lina: Shut up!
	Keppa(*_*): pppffjthhn...
	Lina: What???
	Keppa: Muffhmrrgfmf!
	(Lina and Washu look to their rights and find Keppa and Qualmi 
buried in a pile of chairs, Lina blasts them a way out)
	Qualmi: Ugghh...
	Keppa: D-dragon Sla-slave...
	(Both torched MSTers take their seats)

	>Aieka panted softly, trying to catch her breath. Her heart was 
still racing. "Ryoko has a point,"
	
	Washu: RYOKO ALWAYS HAS A POINT!!
	Keppa: Down, girl.
	Washu:(glaring at Keppa) What did you say?
	Keppa: Nothing, Ms. Washu...
	
	*KA-WAP*

	Washu:(holding a huge mallet now) That's Washu CHAN!!
	Keppa: Sorry M-er, Washu-chan...ugh...

	> she said to herself sadly, "that WAS fun..." 

	Lina: Uck, she enjoyed it.
	Keppa: Apparently, genius.
	Lina: WHAT WAS THAT?
	Keppa(>_<): IT WAS A COMPLIMENT!

	>Tenchi didn't stop running until he reached the woods. "Got to 
calm down," he told himself, resting against the base of a tree. 

	Qualmi: Boy's got a lot of endurance, huh?
	Lina: You can say that again.
	Keppa: Yeah. 
	Washu: I have proof of that!
	Keppa(-.-;;): Thanks, Washu-chan, but no thanks.

	>"...got to think about this rationally... Geez, what was I 
thinking, panicing and running out of the house like that? 

	Keppa: It's Scream all over again.
	Lina & Washu: Scream?
	Qualmi: American Horror flick.
	Lina: Oh. Is it good?
	Keppa & Qualmi: Ennhh..

	>Calm down and think, baka..." 

	Keppa: Yeah, calm down, baaakaaa!
	Washu: You'd better be glad Ryoko isn't here, she'd kill you.
	(Ryoko enters)
	Keppa: ACK!
	Ryoko: YOU DARE CALL MY TENCHI A BAKA?! 

	*TH-WAP!*
	*KRKRAZZAKAAA*
	
	Keppa(*_*): *sputtering nonunderstandable syllables*
	Ryoko: That'll teach you! (takes a seat beside Washu) Now, I wanna 
see the rest of this!
	Washu: Does it intrigue you, Ryoko-chan?
	Ryoko(>_<): HELL NO!
	Qualmi: Let's leave it at that, shall we?

	>This morning, Aieka had tried to force herself upon him... 

	Ryoko: WHAAAAT?!?!?!?!
	Washu: Uh oh...
	Ryoko: #%&@^#$&%!$!!!!
	Washu: Hmm. Censors are on now. ^_^
	Ryoko: Well, get them the $#%@ off !!!
	Washu(taps a key on her computer): Testing. Fuck. (waits) They're 
off.
	Ryoko: Good.
	
	>and... well... uh... There was nothing else to think about! The 
universe had gone topsy-turvy!! 
	
	Ryoko: Damn straight!

	>Tenchi started to run again, this time, up the hill towards the 
shrine. He needed guidence he could trust. In its absence, he would 
settle for Grandpa's advice.

	Keppa: I smell an insult to Katsuhito-sama.
	Qualmi: Me too.
	Lina: I smell the fact that Tenchi was going to pray... baka.
	Keppa: Oh. That too.
	Ryoko: Hurry up, Mom!
	Washu(grinning): Oh, I love it when you call me "Mom"! (starts 
typing)
	Keppa: What is she doing?!
	Washu: I'm rearranging the fic so that--
	Keppa, Qualmi, & Lina: NOOOO!
	Qualmi: If you do that, you screw up our MST!
	Washu:(blinks)Oh, that's right...
	Ryoko: Damn it all!

	>Unfortunately, Tenchi wasn't looking where he was going, and ran 
smack into Mihoshi.

	Keppa(sarcastic): Well, isn't that a coincidence.
	Lina: Don't tell me Mihoshi is next to hit on Tenchi...
	Qualmi: It would appear so.

	>The two of them tumbled to the ground in a heap. "Urw yrr urwuht, 
Mihrfur?" Tenchi asked from underneath Mihoshi's ample bust. 

	Keppa: "Urw yrr urwuht, Mihrfur" is translated to (stands up) 
LET'S GET IT ONNNNN, MIHOSHI!!
	Lina: You are pathetic.
	Keppa(sitting back down): I know.

	>Then he realized what he was talking into and went into nosebleed 
mode. "Oh *my,*" Mihoshi gasped, sitting up so she was stradling 
Tenchi's chest instead of smothering his face. 

	Keppa: Here it goes...
	Qualmi: Yeaaahh...

	>"Your face is bleeding! Did I hurt you? I'm so sorry for running 
into you like that, Tenchi! I was just out for my morning jog and... 
uhh... I guess I just didn't see you running up the steps towards me..." 
	
	Washu & Ryoko: Typical Mihoshi speech.
	Keppa(giggling): Well, we were proved wrong again...

	>"You're out for a jog?" Tenchi asked. "Dressed like that?" 

	Keppa: I guess she's clad in a leather dominatrix outfit...
	Lina: I did not need to hear that...
	Keppa: Sorry, Lina INVEEERRRSEEE!!
	Lina: YOU GOTTA PROBLEM WITH MY LAST NAME?!
	Keppa:(cowering) No, no, not at all...

	>Mihoshi was dressed in an extremely skimpy yellow tank top, 
girls' gym shorts, running shoes, and a headband. A pair of headphones 
that weren't even turned on were on her head. 

	Keppa: You ever heard that joke about the blonde who died because 
she took her headphones off?
	Others: Yeeess...
	Keppa: I hope that happens. ^_^

	>"Umm... yeah..." Mihoshi stamered, leaning forward over him and 
giving him a great view of her cleavage. 

	Keppa(O_O):(whistles)
	Lina:(smacks Keppa in the back of the head) Lesbian baka!!
	Keppa: HEY!

	>"What's wrong with wearing this to jog? I'm pretty sure this was 
what those joggers on TV were wearing... Yes, I'm quite sure that 
they..." 

	Keppa: That they WHAT?? ARGH!!
	Lina: Calm yourself, I'm sure it will be revealed later.

	>"Well... maybe if it were summertime. But Mihoshi, it's late 
autumn! You must be freezing in that getup!" 

	Keppa: You know what freezing does, doncha, guys?
	Others: Uhh...

	>Mihoshi loked down at her nipples. Tenchi noticed what she was 
looking at and groaned. 

	Keppa: That. ^_^
	Washu: Loked. (laughs)
	Lina: (groans) I know how Tenchi feels. Mihoshi's such a ditz.

	>"Well, gee, I guess I am a little cold," Mihoshi ditzed, "but 
look, I'm sweating, see?" Mihoshi took Tenchi's hand and pressed it 
between he breasts where she had been sweating, presumably from jogging 
all morning. 

	Keppa: "He" breasts? O_O
	(Lina & Washu double over laughing)
	Qualmi: Hey, I take that as an insult to guys! (stops) I'm the 
only guy in this group!!!
	Keppa: So?

	>"IIIII!" Tenchi turned pale and tried to wiggle out from under 
her. 

	Keppa: IIIII!!!
	Qualmi: IIIII!!!
	Keppa & Qualmi: IIIII!!!
	Lina: FIREBALL!
	
	*VREEEEEE-KA-BOOM*

	(Ryoko claps)

	>"Mihoshi, get off of me!" "Oh, I'm sorry!" Mihoshi got up and 
helped Tenchi to his feet. "Whew," Tenchi thought as she started jogging 
away from him down the steps, 

	Qualmi: What? NO GOODBYE??!! YOU DITZ!!
	Keppa: Down, Qualmi.

	>"I thought she was starting to freak out on me too, for a minute 
there..."

	Keppa: But she is... she's Mihoshi, she probably forgot.
	Qualmi: She'll remember...

	>"Oh yeah, Tenchi!" Mihoshi called from behind him. 

	Qualmi: See?
	Keppa: I guess you were right.

	>Tenchi turned around to see her standing there smiling up at him. 
"What now?" he wondered. "Hai?" he asked. 

	Keppa: Would you like to fuck?
	Qualmi: Yeah!!
	Keppa: YOU BAKA! I WAS PLAYING MIHOSHI!!
	
	>"I almost forgot... would you like to fuck?" Tenchi face-faulted. 

	(Keppa face-faults)
	Ryoko: Keppa face-faulted.

	>Tenchi finally reached the shrine and tried to catch his breath. 
Suddenly, the air seemed to shimmer around him and he felt a weird 
tingle spread throughout his body.

	Keppa: Ooohhh (shudders purposely) It's tinnngglees me!
	Qualmi: (laughing) Damn, Keppa, get a life!
	Lina: I'll admit, it was funny.

	>Everything went black. 

	Keppa: Tenchi DIED! YES! NOW FOR KINKY LESBIAN SEX!
	Qualmi: KEPPA!!!
	Ryoko: I hope not!!
	Keppa: Sorry...
	(pause)
	Keppa: KINKY LESBIAN SEX!

	*TH-WAP*
	
	Keppa: Ouch...
	Lina: Shhhh!

	>"Oh no... not Washuu again," Tenchi groaned. Tenchi opened his 
eyes. He was on the dimly-lit bridge of an alien spacecraft. 

	Keppa: Ryoko!! Tenchi's been abducted!!
	Keppa & Ryoko: AHHHHH!!
	Lina: Bakas.


	>The only light in the room came from the buttons on the control 
panels, which bathed the room in eerie colors that shifted constantly. 
Something about the place seemed vaguely familiar. 

	Keppa: Where is he?
	Qualmi: I suspect he's in Washu's Lab.
	Washu: My sensors don't detect him...
	Keppa: That doesn't mean anything.
	Washu: YES IT DOES!!
	Keppa: Fine, fine. You're the genius.
	Washu: (cackling) Damn straight!

	>Was he in Washuu's lab...? It seemed much too quiet for that... 
Suddenly, 

	Keppa: TENCHI SPONTANEOUSLY COMBUSTED!
	Ryoko: HAH!
	Lina: FIREBALL!
	
	*VREEEEE KAKRARARZZAAKAA*
	*VRRREEEEEE KKKRRRRAAKAAAZAAA*

	Keppa: (not visible anymore)Ugh...

	>a spotlight shone down at the other end of the room, revealing a 
beautiful light-skinned, brown-haired alien woman Tenchi. 

	Qualmi & Lina: ALIEN WOMAN TENCHI?!?!
	Washu & Ryoko: AHHHHHH!
	Keppa: COOL!
	
	*TH-WAP x4*
	
	Keppa: Oh c'mon... that hurt...

	>She wore a generously cut space bikini made of what looked to be 
red leather, and sinister-looking black boots. Tenchi was pretty sure he 
had never seen the woman before, but it was difficult to tell in the 
strange lighting. 

	Keppa:(climbing back into her seat from behind it) If we're 
finished with beating up Keppa now...
	Lina: If Keppa BEHAVES... (glares at Keppa)
	Keppa: (sighs)

	>"Tenchi Misaki..." She purred, stepping gingerly over to her 
captive as the spotlight followed her. Tenchi swallowed hard, watching 
her breasts bounce. 
	
	Qualmi: Was the spotlight following her as she walked or was it 
already following her?
	Keppa: Bad grammar?
	(Qualmi nods)

	>"...a suitible specimine for my purposes..." 

	Washu: Specimine?
	Keppa: Speci-MINE!
	(All start laughing)
	Lina: You have to admit, these typos are pretty funny. Like the 
"he" breasts...
	Qualmi: Hmph.

	>"Umm... Hey... listen, I know the Galaxy Police... and they keep 
a pretty close eye on me... so you better take me back to Earth right 
now..."

	Keppa(sarcastic): Tenchi seems in control, huh?
	Qualmi: Yeah, really...
	Ryoko: Well, whoever that is better let him go!!

	>The evil-looking brunette threw her head back and laughed, 
Kodachi-like. 

	Keppa: Kodachi. (shudders)
	Lina: Arch-rival?
	Keppa: Bad date.
	(All blink)

	>She jiggled while laughing, much to Tenchi's delight/discomfort. 

	Keppa: Make up ya mind, Tenchi!!
	Ryoko: Please say discomfort.. please, Tenchi-kun...
	Qualmi:(turning to Washu) Will she be okay?
	Washu: She's being herself.

	>"The Galaxy Police don't frighten me," she said, running a 
fingertip up his thigh. Tenchi groaned as her fingernail teased him 
through the fabric of his pants leg.

	Ryoko: NOOO! TEEENNNCHHIII!!
	Washu: Ryoko, it's just a film. Those are probably stunt doubles.
	Ryoko: I hope my stunt double looks as good as me...
	Qualmi: I hope so too. So far I haven't seen one decent lemon 
part.
	Lina: Is that the reason you two came? (looks at Qualmi and Keppa)
	Keppa: Yeah... unlike a certain person who's name I won't mention 
(cough)Lina Inverse(cough) who was bribed to MST this fic.
	Lina: You're really asking for it...
	Keppa: I've already gotten it, tenfold.

	>"What do you WANT?" he wailed. 

	Keppa: What do you think she wants? Good god!
	Qualmi: Maybe she wants his SOUL!! (evil laugh)
	
	*TH-WAP*

	Keppa: Get real, Qualmi.

	>In response, the stranger simply lowered her face to his and 
kissed him, jiggling those breasts against him as she did so... Tenchi 
gasped for air and fell backwards when she finally let him go. "You will 
remove those earth pants," she said evilly, lifting a whip from her 
belt. 

	Keppa(8D): Dominaaatriixx... (drools purposely)
	Lina: Get a life, girl!! Wait for the real action!
	Keppa:(looks at Lina) Lina, what did you just say?
	Lina: Nothing.
	Keppa: C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, what?
	Lina: NOTHING!
	Keppa: Okay, fine.
	(long silence)
	Keppa: What'd ya say?
	Lina: Grrr... FIREBALL!
	(Keppa dodges, while the pile of chairs from earlier is destroyed)
	Keppa: OKAY, SORRY!

	>"If you serve me well then maybe I'll let you go..." "Now, wait a 
minute..." Tenchi stammered, "Can't we talk about this...?"

	Keppa(woman): Hmm lemme-think-about-it-a-while-no.
	Qualmi(Tenchi): Aww c'mon please...
	Keppa(woman): I said no. Now get to your room. No dinner for you!
	Qualmi(Tenchi): Awww... no sex either?
	Keppa(woman): Well...
	Lina: STOP IT, YOU TWO!

	>*CRACK!* The whip cracked the cold metal floor just inches away 
from his crotch. 
	
	(Qualmi winces)

	>Tenchi scampered backwards like a frightened mouse as the 
mysterious space woman threw her head back and laughed and laughed and 
laughed. Her brown wig fell off. Tenchi squinted at her. Underneath the 
wig, her hair was a deep shade of teal. "Kiyone?" Tenchi asked. 

	All: KIYONE?!?!?!?!
	Keppa: Ugh, I'm gonna be sick... of all the un-cute people...
	Lina: For once, I agree with you... (pauses) on the sick part...
	Washu: Interesting...
	Ryoko: Interesting?! She's hitting on MY Tenchi! Bitch!

	>"Uhhhh..." Kiyone's eyes opened wide as she realized the wig had 
come off... "I am not the one you refer to as Kiyone... uhhh... I have 
merely taken the form of... someone you have deep feelings for!" 

	Keppa: Uh huh. Right.

	>Tenchi's eyes narrowed skeptically. "Uh-huh... right." 

	Keppa: Dude! I'm psychic! 
	Lina: Hardly!
	Keppa: Oh, that's right! Downgrade the weredragon!
	Lina(O_O): Weredragon?! You're a weredragon?!
	Keppa: Uh, yeah.
	Lina(>_<): YOU MEAN ALL THIS TIME YOU COULD'VE JUST TRANSFORMED 
AND SWALLOWED ME WHOLE?!
	Keppa: Actually, no, Washu's got me under form-lock.
	Lina: Come again?
	Keppa: I can't transform.
	Lina: (pauses, then starts laughing)
	Keppa(>_<): SHUT UP!

	>he looked around the dimly lit control room again. Now he 
recognized the layout as the cockpit of the Yagami. "I've had enough of 
this. Can we go home now, Kiyone?" "HEY!! Come back here!! I told you, 
I'm NOT the real Kiyone!!" Suddenly, a screen lit up showing Mihoshi's 
smiling face. 

	Keppa: Her smiling, ditzy face. I wonder if she took those 
headphones off...
	Qualmi: Is it just me, or is this getting longer and longer and...
	Lina: Shut up.
	Qualmi: BUT WE AREN'T EVEN HALFWAY THROUGH THE FIC!!!
	Lina: Oh well. More eye candy.
	Keppa: Eye Candy?
	Lina: Fanfic material.
	Keppa: Oh...
	
	>"Hey, Kiyone? Tenchi turned me down... are you busy or would you 
like to... Oooooooh! I just *love* your new outfit, Kiyone! Only it 
kinda clashes with your hair... maybe you should also wear that wig you 
bought this morning...? Now THAT would be sexy, Kiyone..." Mihoshi 
trailed off, rubbing at her blouse.

	Keppa: Mihoshi and Kiyone... (throws up)
	Qualmi: GOOD GOD KEPPA! 
	Lina: Janitor!

	> "UUUURGH!! You IDIOT!! Why do you always have to ruin everything 
with your BIG MOUTH!? Uh oh..." Kiyone looked over at the frowning 
Tenchi, and quickly hit some buttons on the control panel. 

	Keppa: And now Tenchi dies.
	Ryoko: You'd better hope not, dragon-bitch!
	Keppa:(cowers) Tenchi lives, Tenchi lives...

	>Tenchi opened his eyes to find himself back on Earth, right in 
front of his house. He dusted himself off and breathed a sigh of relief. 
Thank Kami-sama that was over with! Tenchi was about to open the door 
when a very scary thought ocured to him... Each of the girls had been 
behaving... strangely... today. What would Ryoko, who was normally all 
over him anyway, be like when SHE ran into him...? 

	(All look at Ryoko)
	Ryoko: WHAAT?!
	All: Well?
	Keppa: What would you do?
	Ryoko: Well I, uh...
	Qualmi: Thought so.

	>Tenchi shivered at the thought... but what could he do? Stay 
outside the house all day? Tenchi gulped nervously, and opened the door 
to the house. He closed it silently, and tiptoed into the kitchen... 

	Qualmi: And OUT POPS RYOKO!!

	>"Good morning Tenchi!" Sasami practically yelled, "breakfast is 
almost ready!" "Miyaaaaa!" Cheered Ryo-ohki, hopping into the air. 

	Keppa: Sasami abuse?
	Qualmi: Nah. That's sick.
	Keppa: So? It still attracts sick readers.
	Qualmi: Well, yeah. But abusing a 10-year-old?
	Keppa: Yeah, well, don't look at me.
	(All look at Keppa)
	Keppa(>_<): I SAID DON'T LOOK AT ME!

	>"SHHHHHHH!!" Tenchi whispered, "Have you two seen Ryoko around 
here anywhere...?" "No... I haven't seen her all morning, actually..." 
Sasami brightened. "She must be asleep still. Would you do me a favor 
and go get her, Tenchi?" Tenchi sighed. "Why me?" he thought to himself. 

	Keppa: Because Ryoko is next to hit on you! Finally, some action!
	Ryoko: I don't know whether to thank you or beat the crap outta 
you!
	Keppa(^_^;;): Thanking seems good.

	>"Ryoko?" Tenchi whispered, peeking into each room in the upstairs 
hall. Where DID Ryoko sleep, anyway? He checked Aieka's room, his 
father's room, the bathroom... hmmm... no way he could check the girl's 
side... he checked his own room after a moment of aprehension about what 
he might see if she *was* in there, lying in wait for him. But nothing 
happened. Finally, Tenchi walked back downstairs, only to find her 
sitting in the windowbox, looking out at the lake.

	Keppa: Hmm..

	>"Ah... Ryoko... there you are..." Tenchi waited for her to pounce 
on him, but nothing happened. She just kept looking out at the crystal 
blue surface. Tenchi noticed something else strange... she was wearing 
the striped dress-- the one that showed absoloutely no cleavage. 
Normally she only wore that one when it was *really* cold outside. Was 
she sick or something? Tenchi drew closer. "Umm... breakfast is 
ready..." Tenchi continued... "I'm not hungry," Ryoko sighed, gazing out 
at the sparkling waters. Tenchi frowned. That was *also* out of 
character for Ryoko.

	(All wait...)

	>"Are you okay?" he asked. No response... "All the other girls 
have been acting weird today... They've all been... well, rather forward 
towards me..." Tenchi forced a laugh. "Even Aieka... heck, even Kiyone! 
I didn't even think she liked me that way..." Ryoko continued to gaze 
out at the water's edge. "You soud pretty calm about it," she said with 
a slight shudder... 

	Keppa: I can see it in her eyes... she's waiting... to hit on 
Tenchi!
	Others: SHHHHHH!
	Washu: Typo! "soud"!

	>"Well, I think I'm still in shock..." Tenchi paused. "Do you know 
anything about it...? If something's affected the girls, well... it 
seems to have had the oposite effect on you..." Tenchi paused again. He 
should just keep his big mouth shut... but something about the way she 
seemed so distant worried him. It was so... unlike Ryoko. "Heh... I 
mean, usually, you're all over me first thing in the morning and today, 
well..." Tenchi feigned a laugh. "Today they beat you to it. Heh heh..." 
Ryoko moaned breathily.

	>Tenchi blinked. "They've all been in here..." Ryoko sighed, 
leaning her head back. Her gaze still sought solice in the ripples on 
the lake. Tenchi blinked again. "Who has? You mean Aieka and the 
others?" Ryoko nodded. "Well, of *course* they've been in here... they 
live in this house as much as you do..." "No, no, no, my dear 
Tenchi...." Ryoko's grin lit up for the first time this morning. 

	>"I mean they've all been in *here!*" Ryoko lifted her skirt and 
turned her body towards Tenchi, exposing her dripping love hole. 

	Keppa(O_O): HOLY FUCK!
	Ryoko: AHHHHHH!
	Washu: Interesting...
	Qualmi: Whoa...
	Lina: Awww man, that image is burned in my mind forever...

	>She gazed into Tenchi's eyes and continued to slide her fingers 
into herself, murmuring "Aieka's been here... Mihoshi's been here... 
Washuu's been here... Kiyone's been here..." Ryoko giggled. "Ryoko's 
been here," she said happily, bringing her hand up to her mouth and 
licking her fingers clean. 

	Keppa: (whines) Rhjamiz wanted to be there toooo...
	Lina: Rhjamiz? Who?
	Keppa(who will be mentioned now as Rhjamiz): That's my name. 
Rhjamiz.
	Lina: Keppa's your-?
	Rhjamiz: Middle name.
	Lina: Oh.

	>"We spent the whole night together last night fucking each other! 

	Rhjamiz: Why was I not invited?
	Ryoko: I, uh... uh... eergh...
	Washu: (snaps her fingers in Ryoko's face) Ryoko? Ryoooko-
chaaan...
	Rhjamiz: I think she died.

	>And now I want *you* to be in here, too, Tenchi..." Ryoko spread 
her neather lips apart with her fingers. "I'm all yours, Tenchi 
Misaki..." Ryoko wriggled her hips until droplets of her cum spattered 
to the floor. "Fuck me," she moaned. Ryoko arched her back and climaxed.

	Rhjamiz: Erk! (looks down) Uhhh... I'll... be right back.
	(Rhjamiz scrambles out of her seat and through the theater doors)
	Qualmi: She'd better get back soon, she'll miss the real action!
	Lina: (shuddering) I... I...
	Ryoko: eerrrggh....
	Washu: Hmm.. she seems to be in shock...
	Qualmi: Well, I would be too if I were her! She just cummed all 
over the floor!
	Washu: Shut up, Qualmi!
	
	>Tenchi just stood there, his eyes wide but his pupils small. 
"Tenchi?" Ryoko asked. No response. Ryoko dissapeared and re-appeared 
naked next to Tenchi. "Tenchi, my love!" she gasped, touching the buldge 
through his pants, "Does this mean you're finally not going to run 
away!?" No response. Ryoko checked his pulse and breathing. "He's 
unconscious!" She gasped.

	(Rhjamiz comes back, taking her seat)
	Rhjamiz: What'd I miss?
	Qualmi: Not much.
	Rhjamiz: So nothing good happened?
	Qualmi: Nope.
	Rhjamiz: Good. (turning to Washu) Will Ryoko be okay?
	Ryoko: erreggghhggg..
	Washu: I don't know...
	
	>Suddenly the closet door flew open, revealing a short, kawaii mad 
scientist that looked like she'd been halfway through dressing when 
she'd decided to drop in on Ryoko. "Just what in the hell are you girls 
trying to DO!?" she asked angrily. 

	Rhjamiz(hunchback): Trying to fuck Tenchi, Master!!
	(Qualmi laughs.)
	Washu: HEY!

	>"...Tenchi... wake up already... I know it's sunday but you 
shouldn't sleep this late..." Tenchi rolled over under his covers. 
"*groan* Sasami...? What time is it?" "It's almost noon," Sasami said 
through the door, "You missed breakfast already! Now don't miss lunch, 
sleepyhead..."

	Rhjamiz: DON'T TELL ME I MASTURBATED TO ONE OF HIS FUCKED UP 
DREAMS!!!
	(All look at Rhjamiz, wide-eyed... well, except Ryoko)
	Rhjamiz:(turning a bright shade of red) Eh heh...

	>Tenchi sat up and rubbed his head. His mind was filled with 
thoughts of going to bed last night... there were also thoughts of the 
girls all going nuts and seducing him, but those were fuzzy and a bit 
unrealistic. How, for example, had Sasami gotten Nagi to be so gentle? 
Had it all been a wierd and twisted dream? 

	Rhjamiz:(grumbling) I hope not!

	>"I'll go make your lunch, Tenchi!" Sasami yelled through the 
door, "you just get up!" "Okay..." Tenchi called back. Sasami looked 
down at Washuu. "How was that?" she asked. "It was perfect!" Washuu 
said. "Thanks for your help! Now I have to go have a chat with the other 
girls about how to conduct themselves around Tenchi..." 

	Rhjamiz: Conduct well, bay-bee!
	Qualmi: Ugh.
	Ryoko: eeergghheehh... huh?
	Washu: Ryoko?
	Ryoko: What happened? Did I fuck Tenchi?!
	Rhjamiz: Hardly! Ya made him faint!
	Washu: How do you know?
	Lina: Qualmi told her.

	>Sasami thought for a moment as they walked downstairs to the 
kitchen. "Just what DID they do that we have to trick Tenchi into 
thinking it was a dream?" Washuu shook her head. "Oh, not much... They 
just made a lot of dumb moves without thinking about what they were 
doing... It's nothing... but everyone involved would be better off if 
Tenchi forgot about it, and that includes Tenchi himself. Understand?" 
	>Sasami nodded hesitantly... "I guess so," she murmered. Suddenly, 
Sasami's eyes lit up. "Does it have to do with..." Washuu nodded. Sasami 
gasped. "It wouldn't be such a big deal if it was just Ryoko again... 
was it Aieka!?" Washuu sighed and handed her a disk. "When you're a 
little older," 

	Rhjamiz: You can join us. ^_^
	Ryoko: Join who?
	Rhjamiz: Us.
	Ryoko: Who's us?!
	Rhjamiz: You, Washu, Ayeka, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and me! ^_^
	Ryoko & Washu: I THINK NOT!
	(Rhjamiz gulps)

	>she said, "This recording of this morning's events will answer 
all your questions." She smiled as Sasami held it reverently. "Until 
then, it will remain encrypted and totally un-playable! My own design!" 
Sasami looked down skeptically at the disk in her hands. "I thought you 
said I wasn't too young to know about sex," she said. "Well, I did say 
that," Washuu said, "but you wouldn't appreciate it nearly as much at 
your current stage of development. Trust me on this one, Sasami." 
	
	Rhjamiz: Oh yes, trust us, Sasami, please!!!
	Qualmi: Oh yes, we don't need a Sasami lemon!

	>Sasami smiled. "Okay." Sasami put the disk in her back pocket. 
Wow. Someday... she would get to see what happened when Aieka finally 
made a move... "You'll laugh your head off," Washuu added under her 
breath. 

	Rhjamiz: Hey, we're getting to the end!
	Qualmi: I hope not! I wanna see some action!

	>Aieka sighed with relief, each arm wrapped around a nude Galaxy 
Police officer. She kissed them each on the forehead. Mihoshi was 
already snoring lightly, while Kiyone licked Aieka's nipple in respose 
to the kiss. "That was wonderful," Aikea sighed. "I thought you'd like 
it..." Kiyone gined impishly. 

	Rhjamiz: Respose?
	Washu: Gined?
	(Rhjamiz and Washu exchange looks and start laughing)
	
	>"Mihoshi and I practiced that all morning in order to get the 
timing right..." Kiyone kissed the princess heavily, and so deeply that 
when they finally parted, a thin trail of saliva connected their 
tongues... "Oh... god... I'm ready again..." Aieka sighed as Kiyone 
dozed off. "Ryoko-chan? Are you busy?" "Mmmphm... Mmmmm..." Ryoko 
continued to slurp away at Washuu's cunny, oblivious to all else as she 
tried to return to the womb tongue-first. 

	Rhjamiz: Sick use of words.
	Washu: HEY! THAT'S ME SHE'S LICKING! AHHHHH!
	Ryoko: AHHHHHH!
	Lina:(blinking) What ha-(looks at screen) AHHHHH!
	Qualmi & Rhjamiz: Ugh...
	
	>"Hmmmm... I rather like it when you have your mouth full..." 
Aieka squirmed free of the two dozing policewomen and crawled over to 
her arch-rival. Within seconds, her tongue and fingers were working 
Ryoko's pussy deep and fast. "Oh GOD," Ryoko moaned between gasps... 
"This is soooooo good..." Ryoko came as she realized Washuu was turning 
herself around on her face so she could play with Aieka. Aieka lifted 
herself up, spread her legs, and began sliding her slit along Ryoko's. 

	Rhjamiz: I'm so glad I came earlier... I might have died watching 
this.
	Qualmi: What do you mean you came earlier? You came the same time 
we di--oh, wait, never mind.
	(Rhjamiz rolls her eyes)

	>Ryoko could do nothing but purr into her mother's ass as princess 
and scientist began frenching and groping each other's breasts... "This 
is so good," Aieka sighed once they'd finally stopped to rest. 
"Washuu... when is this extra lust from the H-ray supposed to wear off?" 
Washuu grinned evilly. "Four days," she said. Aieka sighed. "Four days 
left of this heaven," she said sadly. "Then I go back to being an 
uptight bitch..." She pouted. "Hey... what are you saying?" Ryoko asked 
with a grin. "Do you want Washuu to zap you again? Maybe turn you into a 
pervert for good?" Aieka shuddered. "No, of course not! That would 
be..."

	Rhjamiz: Perfect.
	Qualmi: Okay.
	Lina: Wrong.
	Washu: Really wrong.
	Ryoko: How could I say that?!

	>Aieka paused to search for the right word... "...weird..." she 
said hesitantly. 

	Rhjamiz: Weird?!
	Washu: YES!

	>"Actually," Washuu said softly, "That's not what I meant. I mean 
it takes four days from the INITIAL EXPOSURE for the effects of H-ray 
treatement to wear off." Aieka froze. "Washuu..." Ryoko rubbed her 
forehead, trying to get the room to stop spining. "Are you saying that 
we've been cured already for the past three DAYS!?" Washuu laughed 
maniacally. "Yep! All that time, you've been acting on fond memories and 
your own hormones!" Aieka's head hit the ground with a soft thump. 

	Rhjamiz: THUMP!
	Qualmi: THUMP!
	Lina: Thump-bump-bumpity-bump!
	All three: Thump-bump-bumpity-bump! Thump-bump-bumpity-bump!
	Ryoko: STOP!

	>"Geez... well, she's taking it better than I expected... What do 
you think we should do to her while she's unconscious, Ryoko...?" 
*SMACK!!* "OW!!" Washuu stood up, a bright red palm-print glowing on her 
cheek. "Is that the thanks I get after all I've done for you girls!?" 
But Ryoko didn't answer... she was already over at the bed, whispering 
into Kiyone's ear... "NANI!?" Kiyone sat upright, eyes glowing green... 
then she spotted Washuu. "YOU!!!" Her eyes turned red. 

	Rhjamiz(Vader): I have you now... Washu...
	Washu: Huh?
	Rhjamiz: Oh lord.

	>"Uh-oh..." Washuu said, calling up her holo-top... Too late. 
Kiyone reached through the screen and started banging Washuu's head 
against the wall. "Gaaaaghhh!! Emergency Voice Control... Restrain... 
hostile... forces..." metal tenticals snaked out and grabbed Kiyone, 
pulling her away from her intended victim. Washuu tapped a button, and 
another group of tenticals restrained Ryoko. "Now then..." Washuu stood 
up and brushed herself off. "For that little outburst, I think you both 
deserve to meet my little friend the Hermaphropod Scion...." 
	Rhjamiz: And now the Hermaphro-(watches the ending credits come 
up) WHAT?!
	Lina:(stands up) Guess that was it, huh?
	Washu: Hermaphropod Scion, huh? Hmm...(she and Ryoko teleport 
away)
	Qualmi: I'm afraid of what those two are planning.
	(The three now look up at the screen)

	THE END?

	Rhjamiz: Oh God, I hope not!
	Lina: Well, if not, don't expect me to be here next time!
	Qualmi: Count me in!
	Rhjamiz:(wraps an arm around Qualmi's shoulder) Let's go!
	(The two walk out, Lina follows behind shortly after)
	
	(At a cafe somewhere in town)
	
	Rhjamiz: So, was that fic okay, or what?
	Lina:(taking a drink of her cappuccino) I guess so. I'm not into 
those kinda things.
	Rhjamiz: Well, we are a team, y'know?
	Qualmi: Yeah, you could say that.
	Rhjamiz: So, (stands up) I'll see you guys next time around?
	Lina: Sure. (stands up too) I'm off to find Zel, Gourry, Amelia, 
and Xelloss again... then it's off to fight Gaav, the Demon Dragon King!
	Qualmi: As for me, I'm headed back home (stands up) I've got some 
stuff to do.
	Rhjamiz: Well, Lina, Qualmi, good luck. (walks out)
	Lina: See ya 'round the next MST, Qualmi. (walks out)
	Qualmi: (goes to the nearest phone and dials a number) Yeah, 
hello, Mom? I kinda need a ride home...


	
	
	
	
	
