My Little One
By Kristina V.

Running blindly, wind hitting his face forcefully, Tenchi headed towards the
cave.  It was a place of refuge to him, where he sought comfort from the
morbid tortures that claimed to be his life.  Whenever he felt depressed,
lonely, unselfconscious, or any other emotion that wrought havoc on his
mind,
he'd return to the peacefulness of the cave.  Though it was forbidden for
him
to enter, he attempted to steal the key to the lock that bound the gate
together from his grandfather timelessly, but each time failed the sparring
match that his elder challenged.  Even without the key, now at the tender
age
of six, he still returned to the nature-made sanctuary.
    His feet slowed their pace when the familiar crevice came into sight.
Silently, Tenchi looked about his surroundings, then eagerly trotted to the
gates, and peered inside, sighing lightly.  Climbing on the stone mound
beside the gates, he plopped himself down and stared into the endless sky.
    Seconds passed.  A tall, white shadow of a figure appeared above Tenchi,
her translucent form taking shape.  A smile entered the young boy's
expression, his sorrow long forgotten.
    "Ryoko!"  Tenchi's smile lengthened as his friend's golden eyes seared
through his, her spirit intact.  She returned his smile and rumpled his jet
black hair.  Sitting beside him, Ryoko let him rest his head on her knee,
all
to happy to be near him again.
    "Today was stupid," Tenchi pouted, his child-like nature getting the
best
of him.  Fresh scratches donned his knees and elbows from his solitary
rough-housing, his boy-like manner of playing war in the woods showing
valiantly.  His cheeks were rosy from his urgent run to the cave, and he was
still breathing hard from the pumping of his legs.
    "Ryoko..." he murmured, looking up to his companion.  A grin crossed her
lips, her eyes laughing at the sweet little one resting on her lap.
    Tenchi continued.  "Grandfather always say that you're bad.  But you're
nice to me.  I think he just needs to get to know you."  He sighed heavily.
"You're my best friend."  A yawn followed his sigh, and his eyelids drooped
over his dark eyes.  Sleep was evidently upon him.
    A light sigh escaped Ryoko's lips as well.  He was so innocent.  Pure
hearted and sweet until the end.  She looked to her hand, spurning the fact
that she could look directly through it.  Why was she cursed to rest in that
retched cave?  Why was she doomed to stay there, night after night?
Giggling, she silently prayed.  At least she was given her little Godsend.
Her gaze settled on Tenchi's slumbering form.  To her, he was beautiful, her
own little refuge from her fate.  She waited hours for him to visit her, for
he was her only companion.  Though she never said a word, she was content to
just listen to his ramblings of his day.  She knew that he wasn't obligated
to come to the cave day to day, but that he actually wanted to visit her
lowly soul.  For that was all that she was.  A soul, and nothing more.
    But, soon, he would age, and would lose interest in his child antics of
running to her for a chat.  He'd be an adult, and, once again, she would be
alone.  She smiled, stroking his hair softly, although knowing he wouldn't
feel her caresses.  At least she had her memories.
    The soft pattering of rain entered her ears as Ryoko glanced towards the
sky.  The aquamarine hue of space had deepened to a navy, and water was
circling its way to the warm ground.  Hunching over the child, though it
wouldn't do him any safety from the rain, Ryoko phased into his bedroom,
thanking her creator for the little powers that she had.  Settling him onto
his futon and lifting the covers over his shivering shoulders, the demon's
eyes blurred with pain as the force of her being away from her prison came
into affect.  Lightly kissing Tenchi's forehead, she smiled.  He was an
angel, conscious or not.  Clutching her chest as waves of burning pain
corrupted her senses, Ryoko formed the last of her power into returning to
the cave's entrance.  Sweet relief flooding her body, a tear slipped down
her
translucent cheek.
    *Goodnight, my little one.*

Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo is not under my influence at all, therefore, I do
not
own the series.  Nonetheless, I own this bit of writing, so I must copyright
it.  Thank you! ^_^
Comments?  Love 'em!  E-mail me at  FluffyGoodness@aol.com
