I don't own these characters or profit from them


A sequel to Negotiations with a fan fic writer
By, Clayton Overstreet

  Aeka rocked back and forth in her chair in the Toonami lunchroom, hugging 
her legs. "I did not see that, I did not see that, I did not..." She had 
been doing the same mantra since Weber had returned her from the MST of 
'Mayuka gets it'.
  Tenchi looked at Vegita. "Was it really that bad?"
  Vegita nodded and smirked. "Yeah, but I think what really got to her was 
when she actually said that you wouldn't have sex with your own flesh and 
blood. Bryan made fun of her about it."
  Ryoko smiled and put her arm around Tenchi. "Well at least she finally got 
the point."
  Aeka frowned and looked up at her. "You shut up. All you had to do was 
play cards with the Rei girl."
  Ryoko smiled and nodded. "For which I will be eternaly grateful to Roger 
Smith. Whatever happened to him anyway?"
  Washu shrugged. "Weber sent him the dimension tuner before making you 
vanish. Now they're talking about either putting him in an asylum, or giving 
Weber custody over him for MSTs."
  Sasami sighed. "Poor bastard." The she covered her mouth and blushed.
  Ryo-oki meowed and Ryoko said, "No, you won't ever be taken like us for 
that, you can't talk."
  Washu shook her head. "I don't know what you are so upset about Aeka. I've 
read worse fics than that one."
  Aeka sneered. "I doubt it, but if you're so into this stuff, maybe he'll 
use you when he does 'Yosho the man who rapes young boys' or whatever it's 
called."
  Ryoko grinned, "And just how do you know about that princess?"
  Vegita grinned. "Oh she wouldn't of course. I believe her exact 
description oh herself was 'as pure as the driven snow?'"
  Washu, Kiyone, and Mihoshi instantly burst out laughing. Ryoko however, 
just smirked and said, "I believe her."
  They all looked at her in shock. "You do?"
  Ryoko nodded. "Yeah, didn't you read those other Clayton Overstreet fics? 
Until we explained it to her she still thought sex involved clouds and 
rain."
  Aeka blushed. "I..." She stopped talking. There was no real way out of 
this. "I hate you Ryoko."
  Ryoko smiled. "I know."
  Mihoshi looked sad. "Will you two please stop fighting?"
  Kiyone nodded. "Yeah Aeka, atleast he doesn't use your private life for 
lemons."
  Tenchi smiled. "She's got you there Aeka."
  Sasami giggled and pet Ryo-oki. "Well I thought his stories were cute."
  Vegita looked over his shoulder. "Excuse me for a minute. It's time for 
Superman's weekly beating. Trunks!"
  They watched Vegita and his sun chase down Clark Kent. They had been 
beating him on a weekly basis ever since he'd tried to stop Vegita from 
blasting a vending machine.
  Ignoring the girlish screams of pain from the four eyed geek of a 
Kryptonian Ryoko said, "It wouldn't be so bad if the makers of the show 
would just finish it! I mean in Tenchi Forever, Aeka gave up, Tenchi said I 
was the only one who understood him, and still we didn't kiss. I just hope 
the 3rd OAV can do better."
  "She has a point." Kiyone said. "I mean we know they aren't going to have 
Mihoshi and my's relationship public but they should get Tenchi and Ryoko 
out of the way."
  Aeka sighed and nodded. "I'll admit it even I am getting a bit tired of 
it. I mean... oh no. Don't look now but it's those Gundam and Voltron guys."
  They all averted their eyes as what had been dubbed "those giant robot 
jerks" walked by. They had been at each other's throats since their shows 
had been canceled and Washu had tried using their robots for spare parts. In 
fact the only two that they could stand were Shiro and Ina from the 8th MS 
team. Even Vegita liked them, admiring Shiro loosing his leg in battle.
  Once they were past Sasami looked around. "Have any of you seen Sakura and 
Madison around?" She had been playing with the girls from card captor 
recently. Ryo-oki seemed to think Kero was a hunk.
  "I think they were going over to the limited animation section to screw 
with Brak's head again. If you hurry you might catch them." Kiyone said. 
Sasami giggled and ran off with Ryo-oki.
  Mihoshi looked around the room. "You know this plac egets weirder every 
time they add a new show. Remember when Sailor moon used to be on? Now they 
even have Reboot back up again instead of us."
  "Can you blame them? I mean there are only so many times people will sit 
through reruns before giving up. Look what happened to Dragon Ball Z." 
Tenchi said. "Maybe we'll be on again later like what happened with those 
Outlaw Star guys."
  They looked over to where Gene Starwind was talking to Spike from Cowboy 
Bebop. Ryoko lay back and put her feet up. "I think we're all just on edge. 
Let's skip over to the villain's area again and beat a few up like last 
week. I bet Vegita would freak if we beat Buu up."
  Just then Freakazoid ran through the room buck naked and screaming loudly. 
Everyone turned to watch in surprise. Washu sighed and shook her head. "I 
knew combining with the WB was a bad idea."
  Kiyone shook her head. "We're going to an anime cop convention. I've been 
stalked by some guy named Ketran lately and I figured it would be a way to 
ditch him."
  Ryoko grabbed Tenchi, Aeka, and Washu. "Come on let's get going before 
Goku beats us there!" She teleported them away.

The end

Author's note

  I figured "Why not?" and did this. Any comments email me at 
clayton_n@hotmail.com


