I don't own these character and didn't make any money off of them


Nightmares
By, Clayton Overstreet

  Ryoko woke up in a cold sweat. She had had another nightmare about the
things Kagato had done to her. They hadn't been as bad since he died, but 
for
some reason she was still afraid of him. He had spent over a thousand years
torturing her and others and that wasn't something you forgot easily. She 
got
out of her bed and floated through the wall into Tenchi's room. She smiled
down at him and reached out to touch his cheek. Suddenly his head began
moving from side to side and he let out a moan, "No... don't take Ryoko... 
no.
Please... take me but not her..." Ryoko gasped.
  Tenchi yelled and still didn't wake up. Ryoko shook his shoulder to wake 
him
up. Tenchi's eyes snapped open and he saw Ryoko floating above him.
Without thinking he grabbed hold of her and held her tight. "Oh Ryoko you're
alright! I was so scared..." Ryoko was shocked. Suddenly Tenchi realized 
what
he was doing. Blushing he quickly let go. "I'm sorry Ryoko. It's just... I 
had a
realy bad dream." Ryoko smiled and put a hand on his shoulder. "It's alright
Tenchi. I heard you talking in your sleep." She let a smirk creep onto her 
face
and said, "I didn't know you cared."
  Tenchi blushed deeper. "Ofcourse I care Ryoko. It's just hard for me to 
say
sometimes but I do care." Ryoko smiled and nodded, but didn't press the 
issue.
"Truth be told I came in here because I had a nightmare too Tenchi." He
looked up at her and frowned. "Are you alright? Do you want to talk about 
it?
I won't tell anybody else." Ryoko looked at him carefully and thought about 
it.
"Ok, if you'll tell me yours too ok? But since we aren'tt likely to get much 
more
sleep how about we go downstairs and get something to eat to ok?" He
nodded and threw back the covers. He had on his pajama bottoms but
grabbed a shirt on the way.
  When they got downstairs Sasami was sitting on the couch looking ahead.
She had tears in her eyes and looked very tired. Tenchi saw her and said, 
"Are
you alright Sasami?" Sasami saw them and nodded. "Yeah, I had a bad dream
Tenchi." He looked at Ryoko who shrgged. "We did to. We just came down
to get something to eat and talk about it. Want to join us?" Sasami smiled 
and
nodded. Pretty soon they each had a turkey sandwich. Ryoko looked at them
and asked, "So who wants to go first?" Sasami and Tenchi looked at 
eachother.
Finaly Sasami sighed, "I guess I will. You guys know how Tsunami and I are
linked?" They nodded and Ryoko took a bite out of her sandwich. "Well some
times when we're both asleep her mind wanders. She can see everything that
happens in the universe. Sometimes I can see beutiful planets where everyone
lives happily.
  "But this was one of the bad ones. I drempt about how Washu left their 
home
when she decided to become a mother. Tokimi and Tsunami were real sad
and missed her alot. So Tsunami left and made Jurai. But Tokimi was left 
there
all alone. She was loenly and sad. Now she wants to find her sisters again, 
but
she isn't sure how so she sent that Dr.Clay guy after us. Now she's mad
because we beat him and she didn't get to see Washu and she doesn't know
where Tsunami is." Sasami let a tear fall to the table. Tenchi was about to 
hug
her, but Ryoko beat him to it. Sasami hugged her back and smiled a bit. 
Tenchi
looked and saw Tsunami watching them from the mirror behind the table.
  "You know Sasami, if you two want you could just invite Tokimi to visit 
with
us. Then she wouldn't have to do all this." Sasami looked at the mirror too.
"Can we Tsunami?" Tsunami bit her lip and shrugged. "It might be worth a 
try."
Sasami smiled at her, then let out a yawn. "I think I'm gonna go to bed you
guys. I'm still tired."  Tenchi smiled at her and Ryoko let her go. When 
Sasami
was up the stairs Ryoko frowned. "I still can't forgive myself for what I 
did to
her on Jurai." Tenchi reached out and touched her hand. "It wasn't your 
fault
Ryoko and Sasami knows it." Ryoko smiled and blushed a bit.
  Finaly Ryoko took a deep breath. "I guess it's my turn." Tenchi looked at 
her
concerned. "You don't have to if you don't want to Ryoko." She smiled at him
appriciatively. "Thanks Tenchi, but I need to tell someone. And there is 
nobody
else I would want to tell this too." Ryoko finaly took her eyes off his and 
closed
her eyes. "I was having a nightmare about some of the things Kagato used to
do to me." Tenchi bit his lip listening carefully and not sure if he realy 
wanted
to know what Kagato was capable of. "He would beat me. Cut off my fingers,
or sometimes he would get inside my mind and make me do it to myself. Then
when I was laying there bleeding and helpless he'd tell me how weak and
worthless I was. How he could do anything he wanted to me and there was
nothing I could do to stop him. And I believed him." Tears fell out of her 
closed
eyes as Tenchi watched. He had no idea what to do.
  "Tenchi I've had dreams like that for a very long time. I used to have 
them in
the cave. Until I learned to leave my body they were all I had as far as
memories or dreams went." Her eyes slowly opened and she looked at him.
"Once I did though... it was wonderful. I saw people grow up and live happy
lives around me. None were particularly interesting... until you came on 
your
mother's back." Tenchi looked at her amazed. He had heard her say that he
was a cute baby, but he had always assumed she was just guessing that. "You
saw me?" She smiled and nodded wiping the tears away from her eyes. "Yes
I did Tenchi. And for a while... you could see me."
  Tenchi looked at her and was stunned. "Why didn't you tell me... I mean 
you
could have..." Ryoko shook her head. "You didn't remember and I didn't want
to push it. I told Ayeaka once and her reaction was... not kind." Tenchi
frowned. Ryoko saw him and also looked sad. "When you came to the cave
after your grandmother died, I did my best to comphort you," (I just saw 
this
a bit ago. I thought it was his mom and said so in a previous fic) "But you
couldn't see me..." Tenchi looked down thinking about what Ryoko had said.
"Your turn Tenchi. What was your nightmare about?"
  Tenchi looked her in the eyes, obviously wanting to talk about her topic, 
but
since she wanted him to go he had to. "Well I am not sure. I was in a dark
place and it was hard to move. Suddenly you were there and you were smiling.
But sudenly the darkness formed into a hand and grabbed you. I couldn't
summon my power and I couldn't save you. It took you away and I couldn't do
anything to save you this time." Tenchi's own tears fell and Ryoko wiped 
them
off his cheaks. He looked up at her and she said, "You know Tenchi, some
people might take that as a hint." Tenchi smiled back and held her hand to 
his
face. "Is that right Ryoko?" They both leaned towards eachother slowly, 
their
lips pressing against eachother...

  Ayeaka screamed and woke up. That was a terrible nightmare. How could
Tenchi ever fall inlove with Ryoko? She giggled and put her hand over her
mouth. "How silly of me. I must not be getting enoigh sleep. Still the dream 
did
have one good idea." She got up quietly, making sure not to wake up Sasami
who was in the futon next to her. She walked down stairs and went into the
kitchen. Quickly she made herself a sandwhich and decided to see what was
on television this early in the morning.
  As she entered the livingroom Ayeaka stopped and staired. A growing 
feeling
of dread and terror knawing at her stomach. There on the couch were Ryoko
and Tenchi in eachother's arms...

Author's note

  The narrator wakes up and looks around. Oops, guess I was dreaming.
Looks at the reader. Sorry about that. If you wish to reprimand me for 
making
you listen to my dreams feel free to email me at clayton_n@hotmail.com

