A Misc. story by Thomas Holmes
Summary: A neat little parody of The Night Before Christmas.
Copyright stuff: All Tenchi Muyo stuff is copyright AIC/Pioneer. All Pokémon stuff is copyright Nintendo.

Nintenchi!: The First Poem

'Twas before Tenchi's birthday. (This poem's no joke-o!)
Not a creature was stirring, not even Ryoko.
The presents were hidden inside Washu's lab,
The Princess Ayeka was not one to blab!

Sakuya was nestled all snug in her bed,
While visions of Jigglypuff sang in her head.
And Tenchi with Bulbasaur, and I getting zapped
by Pikachu, at least TRIED to take a good nap.

But out on the lawn was that Sakuya-hater,
The mystical bad guy, The Illusionator!
As she looked in the window, a plan started to brew,
to get rid of that shadow, and her Tenchi, too!

So she made an illusion of Tenchi, it seems,
for to get them apart was her new evil scheme.
It would say "We're not meant for each other," and then
"so I think that our friendship should come to an end."

But I spied her while plotting, so I wanted to warn
my unknowing friend what would happen come morn.
I told her the plan, and said just to ignore
anything Tenchi said that made their friendship o'er.

The next day the Illusionator tried to achieve
her new plan. But Sakuya wouldn't believe!
She shouted a line, and that sweet cutie pie
turned into her fighting form, Sailor Jurai!

She created a Poké Ball out of thin air,
and no one had ever seen what they saw there.
A huge steel serpent, that crashed through the bricks.
Tenchi's new Pokédex called it "Steelix."

The Illusionator tried to defeat this new foe,
but it was no use because she was too slow.
The Steelix used its greatest powered attack,
So that it could save the girl dressed up in black.

And The Illusionator did not have much fun,
and she ended up looking like a miniature sun.
She knew she was defeated, and signaled the end
with the shout of "Looks like I'm blasting off again!"

The bad guy defeated, we had a great time.
Ayeka drew Tenchi a great Mr. Mime.
And before the Masakis ate all of their cake,
we said "Thank You" to Steelix, for Sakuya's sake.






