Subject: Ryoko Fanfic
Date: Mon, 21 Dec 1998 17:54:18 PST
From: "Alex W." <bigaltheviking@hotmail.com>
To: gensao@geocities.com

Tenchi Muyo! and all it’s characters are owned by Pioneer and AIC.

Nighttime

        Ryoko sat and watched Tenchi as he slept dreamlessly sleep. The look on
his face was... peaceful. The Kagato incident seemed to have left him
with nothing but memories. He never seemed to worry about the past or
suffer from painful memories. If he didn’t suffer like that, then she
envied him.
        Her own painful memories tried to surface, and she clenched her hands
into fists, trying to suppress them.  But it was no use, the night
always made her vulnerable to her thoughts. The worst memory was tha
cave. Seven hundred years of cold and darkness; the only bright spots
were when Tenchi would play near the cave, and she would watch him. And
what did she do when he released her? She attacked him. She could offer
him no excuse, she had tried kill him. He could never understand, even
if she could explain it to him. Well, he seemed to have forgiven her, or
at least forgotten about it.
        It had been so frightening, the idea of being chained to the Earth by
an Earthling. He had destroyed her defenses and seemed about to tear the
Space Pirate out of her. But he had done that already hadn’t he? She
couldn’t leave now, she wasn’t a Space Pirate any more. But would she go
back to how it was if she could?
        “Ryoko..”, Tenchi whispered. Ryoko turned around sharply, surprised. He
was still asleep.
        But had Tenchi really chained her to the Earth, or had he unlocked the
chains that she had been wearing before? Sure, being a Space Pirate had
been fun, but she’d done it for hundreds of years. It had definitely
started to feel like something was missing.
        She looked at Tenchi again, wondering if he was still dreaming about
her. Or maybe he was dreaming about that bitch Aeka. She scowled. She
shook the image off, and looked out the window. The moon had risen to
the middle of the sky, the stars were bright. She used to go to other
stars...
        “Miya?”.
        Ryoko looked down, and saw Ryo-oki inside the doorway. She probably was
hungry.
        “Oh, go watch the constellations or something. Maybe one of them looks
like a carrot.” Ryoko looked out the window again, and waited for the
sun to rise.

Author’s note -  I wrote this little fic mainly because I wanted to give
a legitimate reason for Ryoko’s attack on Tenchi. I do not think she was
playing around with him, except maybe like a cat and mouse. At first she
was probably missing deliberately, but then she tried to cut him in half
with her sword. I would like to think that the story was written like
that deliberately, to make Ryoko’s character more interesting and
complicated. This is my first attempt, but tell me if it’s any good, and
I might write some longer ones.