Tenchi Was sitting on his bed, reading a book casualy, while he was actualy
having his mind race.  "This doesnt make sense. If what I think is true,
then...." He was cut off my a knock at the door. "Who is it?"  "Its Ayeka"
she replied. She opened the door and walked in.  "It seems  youve found out,

havent you?" she asked. "Yes, I have. But we cant let Ryoko know or were
both
in deep." he replied.

Later that day, Tenchi was sitting by the pond in front of his house.
"Wha'cha  doing Tenchi?" said someone from behind him. "ACK! Ryoko, you
scared me!" he yelled. At the word "Ryoko", Ayeka rushed outside. "Lord
Tenchi, are you ok?" she said as she rushed to his side. "Yea.....im
fine...." he said.  "Well, if it isnt little miss bratty here to BARGE in!"
Said Ryoko.  "Who are you calling a brat, you witch!"  "WHAT!? HOW DARE
YOU!"
Back and forth...again and again....During that time Tenchi was abnle to
sneak off to his room, and as soon as he did, he locked the door. He turned
around only to be face to face with Ryoko. She grabed the key and droped it
in her shirt. "Why Dont you het the key now, Tenchi?" She said as she put
her
arms behind her back.

"Come on, in giving you a free try! Go ahead, get it!" she said as she
inched
closer to him. Tenchi was now against the wall, no where to go. To his left,

his desk and to the right, his bed. She inched closer untill she was right
in
freont of him so he coudnt move at all. "Now, I belive I heard you and Ayeka

say that you cant tell me something....what is it?" she asked, that voice of

hers that meant :do it or else....:.
Tenchi told her the secret but also told her not to even act like she knew.
Ryoko lept with joy. "Oh this is great! Now I can forever torment that
brat!"

That night, Ayeka was having a strange dream. She saw Tenchi now as the king

of Jurai, sitting by her side. Suddenly, the doors flew open and a shadowy
figure, one she knew, walked in. The figure held up its hand and sent an orb

right through Ayeka's neck. Just then she woke up and bolted sitting up.
"Ohhhhh thank god that was a dream....It was so real, as if she knew."
Tenchi
was pretending to sleep, while Ryoko slept on the floor beside him making
sure he didnt escape. She was down to her undergarments from the summer
night-time heat. He snuck over her and found her shirt. He looked inside to
find the key was not there. He looked around and saw where it was. It was
sitting on Ryoko's stomach......

She slowly walked over and knelt beside her. He reached toy and got the key,

but acidentaly ran his finger across her tummy at the same time. She too,
had
been pretending to sleep. A faint slit of her eye came into view. "Why,
Tenchi...I never knew you loved me THIS much." she said with a snicker. She
sat up, wraping her arms around him. "Please Tenchi, let me talk. Just this
once, No tricks." She asked. Tenchi could tell the truth in her voice, so he

let her go ahead.

"Tenchi, I love you more than life itself. Right now I feel as if i will
never let go, but I know that girl Ayeka would kill us for that! I dont care

if you should be king, and I know you dont either. So please, wont you pick
me and only me as your future wife? I was the first to meet you, I comforted

you and you always were kind to me, knowing I was there when you were a
child. You freed me, and now I want to be with you always, so please, stay
with me forever!" said Ryoko, tears forming in her eyes, tears of happiness
that she could finaly speak the truth.

Tenchi was astonashed at what Ryoko had said, and had no clue how to reply.
Should he marry her? After all, it was her that he was with first. But also,

he is to be king of Jurai with Ayeka. Ryoko suddenly pulled him close and
kissed him passonately. Tenchi for some odd reason, returned the kiss. Then
that secret came to mind. What it was could even this for him, but lower for

the girls. He could marry them both....as Ayeka's father has 2 wives. Its a
tradition, and he doesnt want to break it. He cares for them both so much!
Just then he made up his mind. He deciced what he will do....

The next morning he woke up, Ryoko still in his room. She was already awake,

sitting by the window. "Good Morning Tenchi!" She said happily. The day went

quite well, other than a fight where Ayeka and Ryoko were saying they would
be his bride. Tenchi decided to take an afternoon relax-hour, so he went to
the hot springs and got in. Ryoko was alrealy in. He swam over and leaned
against a rock, falling asleep. he woke up only to find it was night. He
felt
something, or someone, was still there. Tenchi took a look around, to see
Ryoko was also asleep. He silently went over and put his hand on her
shoulder.

"Ive made up my mind Ryoko. I dont want to be a king. I want to be a normal
person here on earth. You were the first girl, so I proudly say that I hope
you will be my bride."

1 1/2 years later:Location of the group
Ayeka and Sasami went back to Jurai after the news that Tenchi and Ryoko
were
engaged. Tenchi just couldnt feel sorry for what he had done, for it was
correct.

Mihoshi and Kyone are still on Earth at the Masaki Household. Each now feel
proud of their friends Tenchi and Ryoko, and Mihoshi is still a ditz.

Washu is also still in the household, and is currently working on a way to
control the Lighthawk Wings on command.

As for Tenchi and Ryoko......they happily were wed on the day of Sunday,
December 17, 2000. They are currently on their Honeymoon in wich they will
go
to many cities across the USA, courtesy of Noboyuki, who is very anxously
awaiting a grandchild. Tenchi on the subject simply turned a bit red, while
Ryoko said proudly "DON'T WORRY! I will make sure of that!". But for some
reason, Tenchi has a gut feeling, that a year ago was not the last time he
would see Ayeka.....

                               The End.....?
