No Need For Broadcast Executives!
A short story on Love, War, and Business!

“Move camera 2 about 6 degrees to the left…. that's right.  Now zoom in, we
want to catch that next fight sequence… Oh!  Hi! You're finally here!  I'm
glad you could make it to the production zone on such short notice!  Well,
as you can see behind me this is the central nerve center of the operation.
Here we monitor the actor's reactions and amplify and tweak the ones that we
think will get the best reactions from viewers around the world.  As you can
see we are now tweaking adrenaline and pheromone levels so as to get the two
main females to, well, you can see what they are doing now.  Fighting over
that boy again!  God knows what they see in him, but the viewers love it!
Ah…. I see you are wondering about that particular panel!  That sends
signals to their brains that makes them see high energy blasts and 'Jurian
powers' that don't really exist!  Hahaha!  Isn't that crazy?!  Well, of
course we make it so that they fell a pain reaction when an 'energy blast'
Oh….yes sir, you want to interact with the actual subjects, personally?
That could be tricky sir.  Well, you see, if we actually enter the world
their beliefs could be shattered and the program would end and that would
mean no more show.  No more show means no more ratings, which means no
sponsors, which means no money.  No money sir!  Ooh…. well I guess we could
do that.  We were going to get hire a temp but I guess you could do it.  You
wouldn't actually know who you are for a while though sir.  I understand
sir.  Joe!  Yeah, fire up Program: Kain!  Hey maybe we could make this into
a movie!  Yes sir, Ill talk to the rest of the staff sir.  Ill be sure to
send you the medical release forms within two weeks sir.  Thank you!  Well,
glad he's gone, can get back to work.  Hmmm… my wife would make a great
mother of Tench!"


Ah…. I hate this part.  If you absolutely loathed this fanfic please direct
all e-mails that have no purpose then to say “you suck!” to
dr_vockenster2@hotmail.com.  Do not expect a reply.  If, however you have
some constructive criticism please direct all of those to
dr_vockenster2@yahoo.com.  Now I have to make one thing clear.  I am not
saying that what I just thought up is true, untrue, or is a fuzzy creature
from Alpha Centauri.  No,  this is just something I made up off the top of
head because I thought it would be cool to do a Tenchi fanfic.  I basically
ask that you look at this as something to enjoy and not something to toss
down and rip on just because it doesn't the atypical mind view, you and
every other living being on this planet has.  Its my first, I will do more
hopefully.  They might spin off of this one depending on feedback. So if you
like it please tell me!  If anyone wants to copy this, please do!  Mimicking
is the greatest form of flattery so i'll probably be honored!  Hell, I might
just do another one just for the hell of it.  Thanks!  One last thing,
everyone go to Two Guys’ Tent Muyo Fan Fic Review Page!  Cav and Dav rock!
The URL is http://dragonsanime.com/cavdav.  Rock on!

