Note:
Please I only write this because I like giving out my ideas out ok. So
Pioneer LDC don't sue me please, I love writing stories. Now let's go to the
reading! Enjoy!

                         No Need For A Daughter!

     One day in deep space was peaceful and quiet all around. No sound
anywhere, but the breathing of Ryonee. "Beep! Beep!" Ryonee's alarm clock
rang loud. Ryonee blasted the clock with her energy balls.

Ryonee:(Yawn!) Hmmm, what day is it? Oh it's summer vacation!

Ryonee smiled and jumped out of bed.

Ryonee: Whoo! hoo! Summer Vacation!
Ryoko: Ryonee! Wake up!
Ryonee: I'm already up Mom!
Ryoko: Oh that's good! Hurry up if you wanna eat!
Ryonee: Oh, ok mom.

Ryonee went to her closet and searched for clothes.

Ryonee: Hmmm, what should I wear today? Oh I'll just take the tank top and a
pair of pants.

Ryonee went to the bathroom and took her brush out. She brushed her long
silky cyan hair down. ( She and Ryoko have the same hair do and color)

Ryonee: There that's better!
Ryoko: Hurry up breakfast is getting cold!
Ryonee: Ok mom I'm coming!!

Ryonee teleported through the ceiling. Ryoko looked at her.

Ryoko: Ryonee, you know you're not suppose to do that! Your father hates
that seeing that. It just..
Ryoko and Ryonee: gives him the creeps!
Ryoko: Exactly! Now go call your father!
Ryonee: No problemo mom!

Ryoko gave her a look. Ryoko thought to herself,"Uh she has the same
attitude as I had when I was 14,000 years old. Ryonee walked up to the end
of the hallway. She turned right, there she saw her father snoring and
drooling. Ryonee walked up the bed. She looked at her father then she heard
him saying Ryoko's name. Ryonee giggled with he said her mother's name. She
smiled then it turned into a grin. Ryonee jumped up on top of her father,
Tenchi.

Tenchi: Ahhhhhhhh! Who did that?
Ryonee: It's me dad!
Tenchi: Ahh! Ryonee! You are just like your mother when she was younger, but
Ryoko does look the same way as always.
Ryonee: Come on dad, Mom says we gotta go eat breakfast!
Tenchi: Ok, ok i'm coming!

Tenchi and Ryonee came down the stairs. Ryonee was jumping up and down.
Ryoko and Tenchi looked at her all confused.

Ryonee: What?!
Ryoko: What? You're acting strange that's what!
Tenchi: What are you excited about?
Ryonee: Don't you remember it's summer vacation for me!
Tenchi & Ryoko: Oh yeah!

Tenchi shrugged Ryoko. Ryoko looked at Tenchi. Tenchi made a face.

Ryoko: Oh, ok Tenchi! Um.. Ryonee we have to tell you something don't get
too excited of what we're going to tell you ok!
Tenchi: We know that it gets boring staying home and going with your
friends. So we both decided that we go to earth. Where your mother and I met
each other.
Ryoko: We'll be staying there for 5 months.
Ryonee: OH MY GOD! That is soooooooo cool!!!!!

Ryonee flipped around and started laughing. Ryoko looked at Tenchi. They
both made a sweat down their heads.

Ryoko: If you wanna go you better eat!
Ryonee: Alright!

After breakfast Ryonee teleported to the bathroom. She took off her clothes
off and sat in the hot tub. She sat in there thinking who she'll meet there!
She came out of the tub and dressed out in a lovely kimono. The kimono was
pink and red. (the kimono was actually Tenchi mom's kimono) She packed all
her stuff in a big luggage that her Grandmother Washu gave her just in case
for big trips.

Tenchi: Come on guys let's go!!
Ryoko & Ryonee: Ok we're coming!

Ryo-oh-ki came out of Tenchi's pocket. She meowed at Tenchi in a sweet way.

Tenchi: Ok Ryo-oh-ki do your stuff!

Ryo-oh-ki jumped up and meowed loud as can be. She turned into a space-ship.
The family jumped up on Ryo-oh-ki. Ryoko shouted,"Back to Earth, Ryo-oh-ki!
Ryo-oh-ki meowed joyfully. They went full power on the speed. They arrived
there in an hour.