
Only He Has The Power (to move me)

A songfic

By: SarahMc - catwoman@merseymail.com
Genre: Romance
Rating: U (or G whatever the American term is. In Britain we say U for 
universal, suitable for everyone)
Summary: Ayeka considers her lost relationship with Tenchi. Set in an alternate 
universe.
Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo or any of its characters they belong to AIC. 
I don't own the song only he has the power to move me, that belongs to Andrew 
Lloyd Webber (I think!)

On with the story!

Jurai 1997 (Earth Years)

Look at me, a woman.
Calm and in control.
No silly girl whose head's always turning.

The crown princess stepped elegantly into the coach. She sat next to her parents 
and looked out of the window, smiled at the cheering crowed and waved. Turning 
to her mother and father, she smiled again. The smile had become fixed years ago 
but no one had noticed. She sighed and looked out of the window. She was 
seventeen. She would have thought by now she would have felt a deep affection 
for a man. But no. Not even a little crush. She sighed and gazed out of the 
window at the faces of men in the street. What was so wrong with all these men? 
She sighed and her mind wandered to Sasami. After the abduction a void had been 
in her life. Sasami. The sister she never knew...
"Ayeka? We have some news for you." Her father interrupted her thoughts, "we 
know you have been worried about choosing a future husband and we have arranged 
for a selection of eligible princes and noblemen for you to choose from."
"Really? That should be interesting" she murmured, "Well, it'll be worth a look" 
she thought.


On arriving at the palace, the king and queen ordered her to change into her 
best gown. Obligingly, she went upstairs.

Ayeka stared at her wardrobe for a long time, "now, should I wear my purple 
dress, my lilac dress or my indigo dress?" She laughed quietly, "Never mind. I 
know what I'm going to wear."


The "eligible men' stood downstairs in the ballroom waiting for this crown 
princess. Music played softly, chandeliers bathed the room in a warm glow. Few 
of them had seen her since that day was her first public appearance since she 
was much younger and a space pirate had abducted her younger sister. Prince 
Yosho looked at lord Tenchi. <A.N.: remember this is an alternate universe and 
if I want to make Tenchi and Yosho unrelated I can! ^_^ > "You're about the 
princesses age" he remarked, "Luckily I've heard she likes older men." Tenchi 
shuddered at the thought of this thirty-year-old prince touching anyone close to 
his age, let alone the princess he had heard so much about.
A polite cough caused them to look up at the grand staircase they were assembled 
at the bottom of. Looking up they saw what they never imagined they'd see.
Ayeka stood on the landing, holding her fathers arm. She wore a loose ball gown 
made of golden coloured chiffon that shimmered and sparkled under the light of 
the chandeliers. Smiling, she looked down at them. So many faces. It was such a 
new experience.
Then she saw Tenchi. For a second, their eyes met.

Nobody would guess that deep inside my soul
A brand new flame is burning

As if in a dream, she dropped her fathers arm and slowly walked down the steps. 
Perhaps he knew what she was doing. Perhaps he felt it too. Her mind was a blur 
of emotions welling up inside her. Soon they would spill over into the real 
world if she didn't channel them somehow. She couldn't, she wouldn't. This was 
her first real emotion other than sadness and grief and she wasn't going to pass 
up the opportunity.
She began to run; she could see him getting closer and closer. This was is. The 
moment she had waited for all her life, he would hold her close and they would 
dance and everything would be perfect and beautiful.
Well not quite. Halfway down, she tripped on the stair and fell. Everything 
seemed to go into slow motion. She fell down and landed in a heap at the bottom 
of the stairs.
Ayeka blushed a deep scarlet and avoided looking up. She was too ashamed, how 
could she have been so foolish? To let her emotions run away with her was 
clearly asking for trouble. "Well I won't do that again," she decided.
"Miss Ayeka?" the soft voice wafted into her ear like music, "are you Ok?"
She turned her head to see Tenchi leaning over her, his deep hazel eyes brimming 
with concern; she smiled, "certainly. It was just a little trip."
As he helped her up, she blushed again, "may I ask your name, sir?"
"Tenchi, Lord Tenchi Masaki."
Ayeka felt her cheeks flush but she stood upright, looked into his eyes and 
asked, "Why then, lord Tenchi, may I have this dance?"
He laughed, a beautiful ringing laugh, and her heart sank. She looked at him 
once more and turned around.
"No, wait!" he called. As she turned to face him again, he offered her his arm 
as they stepped onto the dance floor.

Only he has the power to move me!
And together we'd make the whole world move in sympathy!

He held her closely as they danced. They were both well brought up and had been 
taught dancing from a young age. Ayeka couldn't think of anything, she didn't 
notice the world; her mind was filled with Tenchi.
She wished the dance would never end. She knew it would but wouldn't say so. 
Instead, she looked up into Tenchi's hazel orbs and let the music wash over her. 
She sighed once more. This time, though, with happiness.


Ayeka saw Tenchi many times after the ball. She often invited him to the palace 
for a meal and they met at formal dinner parties. However, the magic she had 
seen at that evening was never as beautiful. The colours never so bright, so 
magical. Eventually, she drifted away from Tenchi and met Yosho. He was nothing 
compared to Tenchi but she couldn't pursue that relationship any more. Yosho was 
the future; she was convinced of it.
She sat alone in her room that night and looked out at the stars. She thought 
about her life, her future and her dreams. Wasted opportunities... missed 
chances... it all boiled down to one word spinning around her mind refusing to 
stop. Tenchi.

But I couldn't see before
That only he has the power to move me!
Take me hold me mould me change me and improve me
It's not funny anymore.

"Why did I lose Sasami?" she wondered aloud, "I could speak to Sasami."
 

Walking alone through a field one day, Ayeka looked up at the sky. Her life had 
been empty for so long now. One evening of bliss. One moment of happiness in the 
never-ending storm of life. Was it even worth it?
The sadness was gone now. Fury remained, directed at herself. Anger filled her 
mind and soul. Raging like a fiery demon blazing inside of her. She lashed out 
at an innocent flower and shouted from the bottom of her lungs.
"Why?" She screamed, "Why didn't I realise? Why am I such a fool? I've lost him. 
Forever." She hung her had, the anger quickly gone.

...
Only he can make the wrong seem right
Only he can make the shadows bright
And make the darkness gleaming white!
He!
Him and me!
Only he has the power to move me.

When Ayeka spoke again, it was in a breathy whisper. "I know what I have to do, 
now..."


At Tenchi's home, the atmosphere was tense. Tenchi paced the floor as he 
grappled with his feelings. 
"Don't I mean anything to Ayeka? Why?"
"Well, it was only one dance and a few meals"
"But it was beautiful so, so perfect."
"Almost like... magic..."
He stopped. All the arguments he had made fell apart. That final realisation 
made him think. Magic? It wasn't magic. It was love.
"But I barely know her"
"Though I want to get to know her."
"After the way she treated you? Forget it."
"But I love her."

He stopped again. Sighed and slumped into a chair.


As Ayeka began to leave the field, she saw something in the sky. Looking up she 
saw a spaceship. A cabbit ship hurtling towards her.
She didn't stop to wait. She ran to Tenchi's house, knowing exactly what to say.

All the nights I've wasted
Dreaming of the time
When I discover the one to guide me.
Searching the horizon.
Didn't realise.
That all the time he was beside me.

So she didn't see the ships door open and the space pirate step out of it.
"Hmm... the little princess is all grown up," smiled Ryoko, "never mind. I 
didn't come for her."
Silently, she dissolved into thin air.


Knock knock.
Tenchi stood up to answer the door.

Ryoko stood at the door, smiling.
"Hi, Tenchi, remember me?"
Tenchi blinked and thought for a moment.
"Yes," he said softly, "yes I do."
Ryoko beamed and threw herself around his neck. "Oh, Tenchi, you remembered!"
"Ryoko, it's been so long." Tenchi laughed. Ryoko had always loved his laugh.
"And I'm going to stay here forever and ever!"
Tenchi groaned and lifted her off his body.
"Ryoko, I need to tell you something. I'm in love with somebody else."
Ryoko's face fell "come on, Ryoko, don't do that. Its not like we were ever a 
couple."
Ryoko smiled seductively. "We could be a couple, Tenchi. I know we could, don't 
you." She planted a small kiss on his forehead.
"Ryoko, no!"


"Ayeka?"
Ayeka heard the soft voice calling her back. She stopped running and turned back 
to the ship. Standing outside it was a young girl, no more than nine years old. 
Her soft blue hair hung loose. Sasami never used to let her hair out in the old 
days. Ayeka smiled, knowing immediately who was calling her.
"Sasami?"
"Ayeka!" Sasami rushed towards her older sister before tumbling onto the floor. 
Ayeka sweat dropped "it must run in the family..."
She picked Sasami up and hugged her.
"Ayeka! I've missed you so much!"
Ayeka smiled and hugged her little sister then stopped. "But if you're back then 
so must -"
"Ryoko, yes." Sasami's face turned solemn, "Ayeka, you have to forget what Ryoko 
did. She was under Kagato's influence."
"Kagato?"<A.N.: sadly, I also am not certain who Kagato is other than that he 
controls Ryoko for a bit in the Tenchi Muyo OAV so forgive me for this stupid 
line ^_^ >
"You don't need to know who Kagato is. What's important is that Ryoko was under 
his influence when she took me and now she's free and her heart is pure..." 
Sasami laughed, "Well, not VERY pure..."
Ayeka blinked, "Pure? I don't know this woman, Sasami. All I know of her is that 
she took you away from me for two years and you expect me to just forgive her 
like that?"
"It wasn't her, Ayeka," replied Sasami earnestly, "you have to forgive her."
"Very well. If I run into her, I'll be nice."
"Besides" grinned Sasami, "she's in love! All the way here she kept saying how 
she couldn't wait to see some guy called Tenchi again!"
"Tenchi... Masaki?"
Sasami shrugged but by the time she'd started to say something, Ayeka was 
halfway to Tenchi's house.

Only he has the power to move me!
And together we'd make the whole world move in sympathy.
Hope and pray that I'm in time!


"Come on, Tenchi, you know we're meant for each other!" Ryoko smiled and pressed 
herself closer to Tenchi.
"Ryoko! I said no and I meant it."
"Well if you don't want it, too bad for you." Ryoko said huffily "and slumped to 
the floor."
Tenchi sighed, "Ryoko, that's not going to work any more, I'm not interested."
Ryoko stood up. "Fine, but think about it this way, I'm not even doing what 
Kagato tells me any more. This is me! The real Ryoko!" She did a little twirl.
"Ryoko, you look the same if a little taller."
"Fine. I'll try one last time." Ryoko took a deep breath and threw her arms 
around Tenchi's neck and began to whisper in his ear.
"Eew! No way, Ryoko!"

Only he can stand to wait that long.
Stand by me and know what's going wrong.

"Come on! You know you want to!"
"No. No I don't."
"You do! I just need to warm you up." Ryoko smiled and pushed Tenchi over 
playfully. She laughed and sat next to him.
"Ryoko, I'm not interested."
She could tell by his face that he was serious.
"Really?" He nodded.
Ryoko stood up furiously. That angry, feisty spark that Tenchi had always 
admired. He was suddenly acting on impulse. Pure desire and frustration overtook 
him and he forgot himself.

What if he couldn't wait?
Have I left it too late?

Standing up, Tenchi ran to Ryoko and kissed her passionately. These were no 
longer the soft, damp kisses he had given Ayeka but passionate, fiery kisses of 
lust.
Why wait for what you don't know when you can have it all now?


Ayeka came running up, out of breath. She didn't see Ryoko at first.
"Tenchi, I have to tell you --" she broke off mid sentence.
Tenchi broke off mid-kiss.
"Ayeka, I--"
Ayeka stopped him with a look. "So" she breathed, "this is the space pirate, 
Ryoko. I see you didn't waste any time getting comfortable. You forgot to drop 
off my sister that you stole."
Ryoko didn't bat an eyelid. "Really, miss Ayeka? Well I suppose you're this 
"someone else' that Tenchi mentioned."
"What?" Ayeka felt the anger burning within her. Every second of her upbringing 
was telling her to stop now but she couldn't hold it in. "Tenchi, how could you? 
This woman, not only attacked this planet and threatened our well-being, she has 
hurt me very deeply on a personal level."
"Oh that's right, your sister. Wake up, princess that's not going to work D I 
wasn't myself back then. I'd never do a thing like that now."
"No D you've moved on from stealing my sister to stealing my one true love!"
Tenchi gasped "your¥your--" he stammered.
Ayeka walked slowly up to Tenchi.
"Yes. I love you, Tenchi." She held him for a moment, safe at last. Warm in his 
arms.

Only he has the power to move me
And together we'd make the whole world move in sympathy.
And then we would still survive.

This was how she'd always dreamed it. The moment seemed to last forever. It 
might have if only, at that second, Tenchi hadn't broken away.
"Stop this, both of you. I can't be with either of you. You Ayeka, I love you. 
I've loved you since the day I met you but I'm not certain if you love me.
When I saw you in that ball gown, you captured my heart and when we danced, I 
knew I'd never need it back. But it couldn't be that way, could it?" He sighed, 
"I don't know when it was that you left me but when you did I knew once and for 
all that no matter what you did, I'm not sure how I'd feel about it.
And as for you, Ryoko. I apologise. You've been a good friend to me but I 
haven't loved you. That kiss was a way of showing my friendship."
"That's bull!" Yelled Ryoko, "Friends do not kiss each other like that! That was 
pure love."
He sighed and shook his head. "No. It was pure lust. All my feelings for Ayeka 
were crushing me. Then you came and it could have been so easy to kiss you. I 
tried not to. I couldn't treat you like that but... well, I was upset with Ayeka 
laving me, I was excited by your forwardness and you were there and I just--" he 
couldn't finish his sentence. But they all knew what he meant.
"So" whispered Ayeka, "this is it?"
He nodded silently.


The dinner party was packed and the table was crowded. Lord Tenchi Masaki was 
chatting politely to a young lady who he had hated on sight and Ayeka, crown 
princess of Jurai was talking to Yosoho. How they had ended up this way, they 
had no idea. For a second, their eyes met. Their hearts melted as one, their 
love was so obvious that the entire room could feel it. 

Can he see or would he never guess?
That next time, I'm gonna answer yes.
Does he know, if he comes back today?
This time I'm gonna make him stay!

Tenchi turned away to the boring young lady and Ayeka turned Back to Yosho and 
sighed. She gazed at Tenchi one more time, but it was fruitless. The Jurai upper 
classes knew how to behave and knew that when a relationship was over, however 
much the two were still in love, they would be frowned on. Darn tradition.

He!
Only he!
Only he has the power
Every day, every hour
He moves me!


Fin


Authors note: Well this is my First proper Ayeka and Tenchi fanfic. I wish I 
could have let them be together. I really wanted to but I couldn't. I'm very 
sorry to all Ayeka/Tenchi fans. I am quite possibly the biggest Ayeka/Tenchi fan 
there is so I'm sorry.

I'd also like to apologise for neglecting Sasami, Mihoshi, Kiyone and Washu and 
giving Ryoko such a tiny part. My only excuse was that there was no place for 
them in this story with the exception of Sasami. I had to get Sasami away 
somehow so that Ayeka would have nowhere to vent her feelings and make her 
emotions build up more.

Re: Ryoko's part in the story. She has such a small part, not because I dislike 
her. She isn't my favourite but I don't hate Ryoko. This is not an anti-Ryoko 
story. She took Sasami because she was under Kagato's power not because I was 
thinking: "uuh I don't like Ryoko. I'm gonna make Ryoko evil! Haaa haaa! I'm so 
cool cos I'm making Ryoko evil" Honestly I wasn't thinking that way.

My writing style: again, I'm sorry.

Please don't flame me. I've tried to explain why some of the things in this fic 
aren't brilliant. Thank you.
