The Oldest Trick in the Book
A Spamfic by Spanner
spanner@visi.com
http://www.visi.com/~spanner/Spanner.htm

Disclaimer: While the characters in this story are my own
creations, the universe they live in is based on Tenchi Muyo,
which is owned by Pioneer, AIC, and countless other people who
are not me. It's all great stuff. Even Tenchi in Tokyo. Really.

                          * * * * * *

   Jehran Jurai stood at the deck of the Ryo-tan and surveyed the
tactical data before him with a brooding eye. The war was going
very poorly indeed. All across the map, glaring red X's marked
the locations where the Terrans had scored another victory. Every
red X marked the death of a Jurian treeship, as well as any
number of support ships. Every X brought the Terrans closer and
closer to Jurai. Here and there, a green circle brought some
small measure of comfort, but the number of Terran vessels
destroyed was absurdly disproportionate to the victories they
claimed.
   As a minor Juraian noble in possession of a second-generation
treeship, and stationed near Jurai itself, Jehran had once felt
arrogantly secure in his own safety. Now, as ship after ship was
destroyed, many of them far more powerful than his own ship, he
felt only fear. Fear for his life, and for the lives of the
people he protected. 'We were supposed to be invincible,' Jehran
mused tiredly to himself. 'Any one of Tsunami's children should
have been enough to take down a fleet of other vessels. Instead
we fall, one by one.'
   He, as had countless others, had hoped that the war would take
a turn for the better once Jurai's formerly indifferent allies
realized how threatening the Terrans truly were. Even the
staunchly neutral Galaxy Police had finally thrown their
formidable might behind the effort, once it had been made clear
that the Terrans intended nothing short of galactic conquest. But
it was all for nothing - no race was safe from the Terran menace.
   What made matters even more infuriating was the sheer
impossibility of it all. Examinations of the wreckage of Terran
vessels from rare victories determined that they were
extraordinarily low-tech. Their armaments were mostly nuclear in
nature, with some support from primitive particle beam weaponry.
Certainly nothing capable of penetrating even a single Light Hawk
Wing, let alone the defenses of a first-, or even second-
generation treeship. Their drives were barely capable of
interstellar travel. Their shields were incapable of surviving
more than a few seconds of heavy fire. Even a scout-class Galaxy
Police cruiser should have been capable of mopping up a whole
fleet of such ships. Yet, the Terran war machine marched on
unabated.
   "My lord, incoming transmission from the Jiro-oh!" Kensaki,
Jehran's personal Guardian reported. "Enemy vessels detected,
coming this way - the transmission ends abruptly."
   Jehran's face hardened. The Jiro-oh had been his brother's
ship. He would have vowed revenge against the Terrans for slaying
him, but he had already made so many vows against them that
another would have been beyond pointless. He would have his one
and only chance for revenge, soon enough. He prayed to Tsunami
that he would sell his life dearly, when the time came.
   Placing his hands on the controls of the Ryo-tan, Jehran
willed two Wings of the Light Hawk into being. The majestic beams
of light spread out before the Ryo-tan, and soon formed a broad
shield. Theoretically, it would take an absurd amount of power to
penetrate even one Light Hawk Wing. Jehran had no intention of
depending on that theory - the Terrans had disproved it often
enough.
   Out of the corner of his eye, Jehran noticed quivering leaves.
He turned his head slightly to acknowledge the heart of the Ryo-
tan. The sentient tree was frightened. Jehran found himself
unable to blame it. "Please, be calm," Jehran soothed. "Soon, we
will either be victorious, or join our kin in death. Whatever our
fate, we must meet it with courage." Ryo-tan seemed to calm at
this. Jehran wished he could so calm himself.
   Suddenly, there they were. Two Terran vessels popped into
existence several thousand meters away. They were little more
than ugly chunks of metal, and positively dwarfed by the huge,
sweeping wooden limbs that composed the Ryu-tan. Jehran wasn't
fooled, however - he knew these tiny vessels were far from
harmless.
   "My lord, we are being hailed," Kensaki reported.
   "Ignore it," Jehran barked. It had been a lesson learned early
in the war, and learned hard. A ship that answered a Terran's
hail fell much more quickly than one that ignored it. Recordings
made of the transmissions were simply baffling, and provided no
clue as to how they hastened an enemy's defeat.
   "Lock on target, and open fire!" Jehran shouted.
   All along the Ryo-tan, wooden cylinders extended. Ryo-tan
itself extended its awareness, observing and tracking the Terran
vessels. Soon, the wooden cylinders began to spit volley after
volley of green light at the Terran ships. The Terrans' shields
flashed as they repelled the energy beams, but it was clear that
they would not hold for long. Jehran began to feel a surge of
hope.
   Suddenly, something very peculiar happened. Beams of light
spilled forth from multiple projectors mounted on the hull of
each vessel. The cascading rays intersected one another, and soon
a primitive hologram flashed into existence. Above each vessel
was now a brightly glowing message, printed in Galactic Standard,
and accompanied by an enormous arrow. The message read, simply,
"WHAT IS THAT OVER THERE?"
   "Huh?" Jehran asked, turning to look over his shoulder?
   "What?" Kensaki asked, turning around as well.
   Ryo-tan said nothing, but its awareness directed itself to the
rear.
   Along with the Light Hawk Wings.
   Jehran did not sell his life dearly that day.

                          * * * * * *

   It was almost amusing, how easily nuclear warheads could scrap
a spaceship made of wood. 'Mightiest ships in the galaxy indeed,'
Commander Jake Shinzaki of the United Terran Empire mused. 'Oh,
well. Back to business.'
   "Damage report," Commander Shinzaki demanded.
   "Shields are down to thirty-four percent, but are recharging
quickly," came the reply.
   "Tactical?"
   "All other units are in position for the invasion of Jurai,
sir. Twenty-five minutes until we commence."
   "Excellent. All stations, prepare for battle. This is the big
one - once we take Jurai, the rest will be easy. For the Glory of
the Empire!"
   "For the Glory of the Empire!" everyone replied
enthusiastically.
   With nothing left to do but wait, the Commander turned once
again to introspection. The war was going quite well - better
than any Terran war in his immediate recollection. Terran
casualties were almost zero, while enemy losses were almost one
hundred percent. Who could have imagined it would be this easy?
   'It's good to be human,' he thought.
   No one knew for sure. It could have been some subtle bit of
racial psychology that the other intelligent beings of the galaxy
lacked. Or, it could have been some strange genetic quirk that
only humans possessed. No one knew for certain, but the results
were plain to see: The oldest trick in the book worked every
time.

                          * * * * * *

Author's Notes:

   Did anyone else roll their eyes when Tenchi pulled that gag on
Ryoko, way back in the first episode of the OAVs? Here's Ryoko,
scourge of the universe, clever and tricky herself, and she falls
for a simple gag like that. Sure, it was funny. But it got me to
thinking. If an experienced warrior like her could fall for such
a thing, then maybe others would, too. So, I took it to an
extreme - not only are humans the only creatures in the galaxy
who don't always fall for that trick, but everyone else is
incapable of not falling for it. Hey, it's fantasy, right? I can
do what I like. Besides, this is a spamfic - it doesn't HAVE to
make sense. Anyway, comments and criticism are always welcome,
but
remember - this was meant to be a joke! ^_^

Bye, now...