OOPSY!

Author's Note-> I don't own Wasn't Me or anything that has to do with
that.  I don't own any Tenchi characters either!!!  Enjoy! :D

(Mihoshi) Kiyone?
(Kiyone) Yo
(Mihoshi) Open up please!
(Kiyone) What do you want?
(Mihoshi) Washu caught me!
(Kiyone) What do you mean Washu caught you?
(Mihoshi)I don't know how I let this happen!
(Kiyone) WHAT?!
(Mihoshi) I was in her subspace lab ya know!
(Kiyone) Oh crap
(Mihoshi) I don't know what to do!
(Kiyone) Say it wasn't you!

(Mihoshi) Alright.  Washu walk in and she caught me red handed,
snoopin in her subspace lab.  Picture this, there was a lot of
yelling, when I broke her invention.  How was I supposed to know that
it was breakable?  All this time she say that it was unistakable.

(Kiyone) Oh you shouldn't have access to her villa.  That's a secret
you should hide under your pillow.  You better watch your back before
she try to run tests on ya.  You better hide and never let her see ya.
A genius has no time for you.  Stay away forever, thats what you
should do.  I'll admit everything I say is true.  You better run
before she come after you!

(Mihoshi) But she caught in the time machine, oopsy
Saw me break all of her test tubes, oopsy
I even messed with her computer, oopsy
She even caught me pushing buttons, oopsy
She saw the scratches on my shoulder
Ignored the words that I told her
As the wails get louder
She said my life was over

(REPEAT WASHU WALK IN PART)

(Kiyone) Oh you picked the wrong chemicals to mix.  Now I see you're
in quite a fix.  Her inventions are very complex.  Seeing is believing
and she saw you make a mess.  You should have learned from experiences
in the past.  You would think those lessons would last.  Girl she's
gonna smash your tiny brain like glass.  If I were you, I'd run and
you had better run fast!

(REPEAT OOPSY PART)
(REPEAT WASHU WALK IN PART)

(Washu) She should tell me that she's sorry for the havoc she caused.
She had no reason to be in my lab, this makes no sense at all!  She
should tell me that she's sorry for the havoc she caused.  I'm a
genius and I don't need some ditz wrecking it all!  Thats why I sing.

(REPEAT WASHU WALK IN PART)

THE END

  That would be all ladies and gents!  If you have any questions,
comments, or complaints, you know my e-mail address!
