Palace Life (fragment? Teaser? who knows)
parenthood


A small child wandered the halls of the Jurian palace.
His cloth covered feet making no sound on the polished
wooden floor. In the distance he could hear voices, one
of these the person he was seeking.

"Your majesty; I must protest. If you don't guard your
forces better you will be defeated!"
Tenchi sighed and leaned on his hand. "Azaka, this is a
chess game; not a war."
Temujin, captain of the palace guard, moved his queen
three spaces to the left. "Check, my lord; and, I
believe, mate."
Tenchi looked back at the board, considering his next
move. A blue blur crossed the room and attached itself
to his leg.
"Daddy!"
Tenchi looked down, a slightly-more-than-two-year old
boy was firmly griping his thigh. "Tenko!" Tenchi
picked up his son.
"Oh! my lord!" Tenko's nurse Kagami entered the room,
wearing a robe. "I'm sorry, I was asleep." Kagami's
voice quivered with nervousness.
Tenchi dismissed her with a wave. "It's all right, go
back to bed. I'll take care of him."
The nursemaid disappeared the way she came.
Tenchi leaned down and picked up his son. He noticed a
cabbit perched on his son's head; half hidden by his
wild main of pale blue hair. Tenko didn't really need
the nursemaid, his cabbit would ensure no harm came to
him.
"I couldn't sleep. When is mommy coming home?"
Tenchi gazed into his son's golden eyes. "Soon. She's
away with her fleet. She should be home in a day or
two."
Temujin softly tapped the table. "My lord, the game?"
"Oh yes." Tenchi moved his knight. "Checkmate."

End,
whatever



Douglas Whiddon
5-15-98
Doug_W@geocities.com
xander_drax@hotmail.com
swhiddon@viptx.net

A.K.A.
Swhiddon@worldnet.net
Swhiddon@sat.net
(these places don't exist anymore)


"There was indeed a river one drop of which would rob a 
man of his memory. There was, of course, a snag. No one 
knows where it is, because they're always pretty
thirsty when 
they find it."

"And after it was a woman. Very definitely. A lot of
woman. 
She was as much woman as you could get in one place
without 
getting two women."

In case you can't tell I just finished "soul music" by
terry prachet.
If someone is looking for a really bizarre crossover
try adding the 
death of rats as a character. 