No Need for Revelations by Ulises Silva

        "Hey, over here," Washu's voice boomed across the auditorium as she spoke
into the microphone.  "The other one, the other one, you microbe!"
        The crowd sat placidly, though Washu's brief interjections towards her
mistreated sound crew raised more than a few eyebrows.  As the crew continued
to fumble with the sound board, one specially designed by Washu, her voice
continued to fluctuate and resound, perhaps from mechanical manipulation,
perhaps from her mood that by now had made her face as red as her
hair.
        "She's ruining the mood," Kiyone complained to Ayeka as the two sat together
at one of the nearby tables.  "This is a poetry reading contest and she's
screaming out like she's at a wrestling match."
        "Hold it there!!" Washu ordered.  "Right there!! Stabilize and lock!"
        "Leave it to Washu to invent a sound board more complicated than a translight
star drive," Ayeka chimed in.  "I knew we should have used the one already
here."
        "It's been in front of you all this time and you couldn't see it?" Washu
continued to reprimand her crew.
        "Thank goodness she's finally happy," Kiyone remarked as she silently watched
an oblivious Washu walk towards the back of the auditorium, no doubt to give
her sound crew another earful.
        Ayeka looked around.  "I guess that monster woman should be grateful.  When
was the last time she and Nagi could be in the same room without killing each
other?"
        Kiyone eyed Ayeka cautiously.  "I suppose it was nice of you to finally grant
that pardon."
        "Even if the ungrateful wretch didn't say a word to me?"
        "It's not every day your worst rival acts with such," Kiyone fumbled for a
word,
"forgiveness."
        "Hmph.  I was merely doing as Lord Tenchi requested.  If it had been left to
me, I would have ordered her arrest myself."
        Kiyone looked over towards Ryoko whom, all this time, had been sitting
quietly by herself about three tables away.  She had seen Nagi and her
exchange words earlier, and what even seemed to be a friendly laugh.  But now,
Ryoko seemed sad, sadder and more pensive than she had ever remembered seeing
her.
        "Hold up a sec," she told Ayeka as she made her way towards Ryoko.
        "Oh hi Kiyone," Ryoko quietly acknowledged as Kiyone sat across from her.
        "Hey," she replied, trying to scan her face for clues and coming up empty.
"What's up?"
        "Nothing, nothing at all."
        "I just noticed you sitting by yourself here.  I would have thought you'd be
at Tenchi's table."
        "No," Ryoko replied simply.  "Not today."
        "What's wrong?" Kiyone asked, Ryoko's behavior throwing her for a loop.  "I
thought you'd be more excited about this poetry reading.  Didn't you say you
were going to write an Ode
to Tenchi?"
        "I was, but..."
        "Ladies and Gentlemen," Tenchi announced as he stood onstage, microphone in
hand.  "We'll be starting our reading in a few minutes.  We invite you to sit
back and enjoy as our first reader Ayeka gets ready."
        "But what?" Kiyone persisted.
        Ryoko finally looked at her.  "It's not every day you get to know yourself
and put it down on paper."
        Kiyone glanced at the papers Ryoko had pushed in front of her.  It wasn't an
Ode to Tenchi.
        "I was up all night doing that.  I think I've finally awakened."
        "Ryoko..."
        "I just hope that you guys can understand."
        Kiyone read Ryoko's final stanza.  Yes.  She thought everyone would be waking
up that evening.

        Ayeka gracefully made her way towards the stage amidst the cheers and polite
claps of her friends and the assembled crowd of spectators.  Bowing as
gracefully as she knew how, she cleared her throat, sipped from the glass of
water placed near her, and began the introduction.
        "I wrote this poem when thinking of my duties and obligations as Princess of
Jurai, and hope you can better appreciate my position through its recital.
It's called "The Burden and the Beauty."
*ahem*

The Graces of Jurai's Golden Crown,
bestowed upon my head and being,
dictating the wants of a people and the wants of the self,
speaking to me in regal splendor and imperial pomp,
when you listen to me, you listen to it.

The burden of its discourse
falls upon my willing shoulders,
molding my disposition into the sceptre of
ruling reason,
molding the commoner into the humbled servant of
Jurain morality.

It is no play thing, but to think
that my gentle and royal hands should be the
hands that mold you into the willing caring
subjects that you all adore to be,
that these same hands you kiss and worship
should shape the fair and gracious lives you lead
in deference to those that bestow it.

And for this, I receive the graces of my royal crown
with appreciation,
for behind the burden of the rule lies the
beauty of the subject,
and behind the weight of his needs and wants
lies the adoration and respect of his satiation.
No mountain gods or royal legends ever showed
as much love or dedication to those beneath them,
as I,
and for this, you love me all the more.

        "thank you," she offered politely as a round of polite applause came from
most of the audiences.  Ayeka, striding gracefully off the stage, was too
preoccuppied with her performance to notice her sister and Nagi exchanging
smirks at a nearby table.
        "She's got to be kidding me," Nagi smirked as Sasami giggled to herself.
"Does this woman hold a mirror up to herself all day long too?  And man, where
did she learn to write poetry?"
        "Just be grateful she didn't read her love poem to Tenchi," Sasami laughed.
"You're never really sure who the love poem is for: Tenchi or herself!"
        Tenchi approached the microphone again as the next reader began moving
towards the stage.
        "Our next reader is, uh, Mayuka.  Uh, without further ado,"
        "Hi Daddy!" Mayuka screached out as she got to the microphone, "I love you
very much!"
        Tenchi virtually ran off the stage, his face flaring up in embarrassment.
        "Hi everybody," Mayuka began as she lifted her poem in front of her face.
"This is a poem about my daddy, and it's called, "I Love My Daddy."
*ahem*

I really love my daddy,
he's the one for me,
and every time I hold him near,
my life fills up with glee.

I really love my daddy,
with love he did conceive,
and since my mom, a demon she,
her death we don't bereave.

I really love my daddy,
with love he holds me dear,
and even if his girls are wierd,
while in his arms, I have no fear.

I really love my daddy,
this poem I won't revoke,
for if, today, my love I void,
I'd rather swallow glass and choke.

I really love my daddy,
in that I'll never sway,
so to you, my dearest crowd,
I wish a good and hearty day.

        "thank you," Mayuka blurted out cheerfully into the microphone as Tenchi came
onstage.  "That's my daddy!  And I love him very much!"
        "Oh Mayuka!" Tenchi blurted out as he struggled with his tears.
        "He seems very touched," Sasami commented as she and Nagi watched them come
offstage together.
        "Yeah, I'd be too if someone read a poem that bad in my honor.  Poor guy."
        Sasami looked at Tenchi again.  Nagi was right.  He was touched all right;
touched with a Kiyone-like sense of martyrdom and despair.
        Since Tenchi was too busy grieving for his lost innocence, Washu came up to
the stage to assume his role.
        "Ladies and gentlegerms," she announced, "it is this genius' greatest
pleasure tointroduce our next reader.  You may know her from such works as
"The Long Winding Road with Mihoshi" and "Why Me?"   Please give it up for
Kiyone!"
        Kiyone came onstage and sat at a little stool placed for her next to the
microphone.  Sipping from her glass of water, she cleared her throat and
calmly looked at her written poem.
        "This is a poem I wrote one day during patrol.  It's called, "A Dream
Forsaken."
*ahem*

I once had a dream.
I didn't dream of adventures and romances,
of riches or power,
of godhood or a prolonged existence called immortality.
I dreamed a simple dream:
Commander Kiyone: Message from HQ-109 on encoded frequency.
What sharp sounds those words make against the imagined
placidity of one's young mind.
No doubt, you think,
she's reading a telegram,
she's reading a letter,
she's reading from crude and clerical rememberances
and calls it poetry.
But I read to you from the pages of an adolescent mind,
who, with each passing class and each recruiter met,
dreamed of a day when a rank preceeded my name.
Commander Kiyone: Congratulations to me.

There was a time when my dream seemed less like so.
For the briefest of moments, I found myself at the verge of that
space we all covet:
Dream meats Reality: the pleasure is all mine.
They stood together, face to face, and I watched
them smile at me and agree in unison,
the time is hers.
But
that time and space was ruptured,
not by the mechanics of our maddened scientist
or by one of countless anomolies responsible for the
destruction of millions.
Dream left Reality on the eve of their consumation when
a single blonde entity strode into our space of meeting
and cast its empty hollow gaze upon us in mock deference
and friendship.

I stand here now, speaking to you, gentle listeners,
a new age mariner riming for your caution,
that you, on the eve of your own fulfillment,
avoid the dark sinister presence of a blonde demon,
who, through sheer oblivion to all that we call consciousness,
stole away my dream, my life, my hope for
another sunshine.
Accursed blonde,
you nightmare from which I'll never wake,
smile away as you do always
and ignore, as you do, this tale of a young woman
and a dream forsaken.

        "thank you," Kiyone ended as the audience applauded in appreciation for her
poem, even if most had no idea what she was referring to.  In particular, a
single blonde woman yelled out her name, cheering, "All right, Kiyone!! That
was so beautiful!"  Those far from that spot wondered what the ensuing
commotion was all about.
        “Hmmm,” Sasami muttered beneath her lips.  “The only thing missing from that
one was the jazz band in the foreground and her snapping her fingers in
rhythm.”
        “I’ll say,” Nagi agreed.  “Now then, little Tea Princess, try not to bash me
too hard, okay?”
        “I won’t,” Sasami smiled innocently.  “Good luck!”
        "Our next reader," Washu the interum speaker announced as she glanced over
towards a still shaken Tenchi, "will read us a likewise empassioned poem about
blood, agony, and the pursuit of capital acquisition.  Please welcome Nagi the
bounty hunter!"
        Nagi reached the microphone and looked over towards Ryoko whom had yet to
show signs of her usual self.
        "This poem was originally dedicated to Ryoko," Nagi began, "but since she's
received a full pardon and no longer worth the credits she was, I guess this
poem has to be dedicated toevery other criminal scum on my hit list."  Even
Nagi was surprised to see that her comments elicited, at most, a look of brief
acknowledgement from the otherwise fiery Ryoko.  Shelving the thought for
later, Nagi contined.
        "The title of this poem is "A Bounty of Rage."

*ahem*

Run, kneel, die
by this hand that you know full well,
from our days as petty rivals to this
our final empasse,
you've known my lust, and known your fate.

Stand, fight, die
by this blade that has shed the blood of countless
before you,
and know that your own blood will be immolated
with the blood of your predecessors
in a sweet cocktail of your demise and my delight.

Cower, cringe, die
by this huntress, who has tracked you down
with the ardor and fury of a thousand bloodhounds,
all thirsting for that nectar that runs through your veins,
all raving to ravish the flesh off your bones and consumate
a life long chase.

Stand there and know,
I am the harbinger of your death,
the singer of your death song,
the one whom will imprint herself as the final image
upon your dying eyes.

Stand there and know,
that I come to you in the spirit of hate,
as the essence of spite,
as the defining element in the equation of chaos,
and I come for you alone.

For my violence is focused on nothing
but the price on your miserable head.
And so I come with a bounty of rage,
and strike with a well-trained blade,
and know that, in the end,
your death will rest in my purse alone.

        "thank you.  And Ryoko, you got lucky."
        Eggdrops formed on virtually every person in the audience as Nagi strode
confidently towards her table with Sasami.  Sasami herself offered her a
polite smile and a brief comment along the lines of "nice poem," but little
more was said on the matter.
        "Now there's a nice new lullaby, huh?" Washu quipped as she adjusted the
microphone to her minute stature.  "Our next reader promises an epic-like poem
about the nature of life and its symbiotic relationship to death.  Please make
her feel welcome!  Ryuo-khi!"
        Ryuo-khi hopped gleefully onto the stage and myia-ed in appreciation as Washu
adjusted the microphone for her.
        "Myia.  Myia Myia Myia, myia myiamyia, myyyyia.  Myia myia: "Myia Myia miya
Myia Myia."
        Kiyone leaned over to ask Ryoko what the cabbit had just said.
        "She said the title of her poem was "In Love and Death My Child to Sleep,"
Ryoko answered non-chalantly.
        "Uh, I see."

*ahem*

Myia Myia Myia,
myia myia myiiiiiiaaa.
Myia myia myia, myia myia myia myyyyia.
Myia.

Myia Myia myia
myia myia myia myiiiiiiaaaaa myia
Myia
Myia myia

*thirty minutes later*

Myia Myia,
Myia Myia Myia myiaa.
Myia.

        "myia," Ryuo-khi thanked as she hopped off the stage to the delight of those
that were still awake.  Amongst the few that were clapping, Ryoko seemed the
most enthusiastic.
        "Nice, Ryuo-khi," Ryoko offered.  "I really liked your verse about the child
in the
cemetery.  I thought you were doing the staircase in the mountain range."
        "Myia Myia myia," Ryuo-oki explained.
        "Good point.  Too Dickensonian."
        "Listen up, you people!" Washu bellowed out, making sure to wake everyone up
and deafen those that were awake.  "Ah, there you go.  All right, I don't care
how tired you are.  Let's give our next reader a warm round of applause.
Please welcome the Cooker of Cuisines, the Princess of Pigtails, the Phantasy
of Pedophiles, Sasami!"
        Sasami walked up to the stage amidst a hearty round of applause and a
frighteningly emphatic cheering from a group of seedy looking fellows towards
the rear of the auditorium.  Sipping from her glass of water, she smiled her
Sasami-ish smile and greeted her audience.  The seedy looking bunch in the
back responded with an even more emphatic response.
        "I wrote this poem one day while the gang was suffering from a case of
stomach flu.  It's entitled "My Frying Pan, Your Agony"

*ahem*

Was it spice or was it spite,
you did not know then, and I doubt you'd know now.

Was it delicious or was it diabolic,
you did not know then, and I don't care if you do now.

Was it filling or was it fearsome,
you did not know then, you could guess by now, right?

Every day you wake up amidst
laughs, jokes, happy music, hearty friendship,
you wait to hear those words with yearning stomachs,
those words, my words, that let you know
breakfast is ready.
And you come, and you devour.
And you leave.

Where am I in your daily equation?
Where am I every time you exchange a laugh or exchange a tale,
when you run in play or run from mechanical geniuses,
when you're busy having fun?
I am where you would have me, where
I'll be all day so,
when the time comes and you've had your fun
and you come in famished for a well-made feast,
I can gracefully say
dinner is ready.
And you come, and you devour.
And you leave.

So, forgive me friends, if in a moment of spite,
I reached for the wrong spice,
perchance in err, perchance intent,
and sabotaged that night's relief.
Forgive me friends, if in a moment of resentment,
I smiled a secret smile as each and every one of
you battled for the bathroom rights, clutching
your bellies and gritting your teeth.
Forgive me friends, if in this moment of gloat,
I smile at you and warn you through
these verses of the vices of neglect, and
the virtues of revenge, and how the angel
in the kitchen,
knows her wares well.
Very well.

        "thank you," Sasami said sweetly into her microphone as the audience
applauded in delight.  Her poetic triumph was not diminished by the look of
shock on all of her friends' faces.  Nagi, for one, was too busy laughing out
loud to really clap, but Sasami felt her appreciation all the same.
        "Why you little...damn thing is still on,” Washu fumbled as she addressed the
crowd.  “Okay you people, let's welcome our next reader.  You may recognize
her from a previously recited poem, so let's give it up for that Mistress of
Mayhem, Mihoshi!"
        As Mihoshi bumbles onstage, Sasami found herself being stared at with ill-
concealed shock by her friends.  She merely cleared her throat and directed
her attention onstage.
        "Oh, hi there, I'd like to read this really nice poem I read, and it's called
"Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening."

*ahem*

Whose woods these are I think I know.
His house is in the village though....

        "Wait a second," Washu walked onto the stage, interrupting Mihoshi's recital.
"What are you reading?"
        "It's a poem by some Robert Frost guy that I found in this really cool book,"
Mihoshi answered as Washu poured through the volume.
        "Mihoshi," Washu explained with diminishing patience, "you're supposed to be
reading a poem of your own creation!  Not what someone else wrote!"
        "Wha?!!" Mihoshi blurted out, her eyes, yet again, filling up with tears.
        "Mihoshi, go sit over there.  Yeah, go sit over there with Kiyone and calm
yourself down."
        "What?!" Washu could hear a familiar voice sceaming out as she nudged Mihoshi
off-stage.
        "All right, then," she continued, "let's go with our last reader for the
evening.  Some of you may know her from her own radio talk show, some from her
days as Masaki houseguest, and some through the wanted posters at your local
post office.  Please give a warm round of applause for Ryoko!"
        As Ryoko walked calmly onstage, the warm response given to her was marred
only slightly by a single nagging voice talking about what business a monster
woman had at a poetry recital.  Those that knew her were surprised to see her
so calm about the whole thing.  Ordinarily, she'd be at Ayeka's throat at the
slightest provocation.
        "I was going to write a dedication to someone," she began, "but I found
myself
discovering some things about myself in the process, and, well, I couldn't
leave them unexpressed.  This poem is entitled "The One You Never Knew
(Forever Ryoko)," and it carries a special dedication to all those whom I call
my friends."

I am Ryoko, the pirate you all fear.
I am the one who speaks to you through the frozen images
of others' wants,
who speaks to you with a voice given, not owned,
who speaks with the words and the diction preinscribed,
from early foolish mistakes,
by those who would not forgive.
But I cannot speak beyond the image.
You see me, and you hear the voice behind the paper image,
you hear the paper words that
tell you all you need to know.
You see me, and you see the hate and anger and greed
of a single captured moment.
But can you see?
I am wanted, or so the sign says.
But I know, I am not wanted.
For if I were, would you cower when I smiled,
cringe when I spoke,
trembled when I hugged?

I am Ryoko, the selfish monster woman you all despise.
I am the one who speaks to you through the stories and words
of those that would hurt me,
who speaks to you through the ramblings and the hatred
of those that projected their own vices onto me,
who speaks through words laden with the incongruities of others'
misunderstanding.
Because
to understand,
that my alcohol, an elixer for the loneliness you provoked,
that my passion, grasping for a semblence of
sympathy and friendship,
that my disposition, tempered with the wants of a person,
not a monster,
was to concede.
And to concede, for some, is to surrender.
I call for no surrender, for I have never wanted more
than to know you, to know all, to feel,
for once,
that I belonged to something warmer than the prison of space.

I am Ryoko, the voice behind the monster.
I am the one who speaks through the hieroglyphics of my silent smiles and
placid stares,
who loves you more every time you look at me
and think
you hear the voice behind the facade.
I am the one that, in you, exists as a conjecture,
a wish,
as the one you think I may become some day, perhaps not,
if I were less wicked,
if I were less vicious,
if I were less monstrous.
But I am here.
I speak to you in volumes, telling you stories about
how much I care,
how much I love,
how much I keep within me,
about how, as a child, I made mistakes that, in the end,
cost me my life,
about how, as a woman, I hated my life because, after all,
it was not a life I chose,
about how, as a being, I care about those around me, evermore,
because I love them more than I love myself.
But you can't hear me.
You believe before you listen, and so,
you see
Ryoko the pirate, Ryoko the selfish monster woman.

But you can't see me.

I am Ryoko, the one you never knew.

        Ryoko left the stage with a hearty applause from the crowd.  There were
those, however, that did not, indeed, could not clap.  Those near to her,
those she called friends, could not articulate their emotions, because the
Ryoko they knew had never prepared them for this.  They continued to gaze upon
her, even as she headed towards the rear door without saying a word, even as a
couple of them could have sworn they saw tears forming on her eyes.
        No one could say anything.  No one but Tenchi, who suddenly went running
towards the same exit without saying a word to anyone, seemed to know what to
do next.  Even Ayeka, blushing with both rage and embarrassment, could not
speak a word of her usual cant, even as Sasami eyed with her what appeared to
be suspicion.
        Sasami wanted to say something.  Anything.  A single question, maybe, for it
seemed Ayeka knew more than she was letting.  And it was then, as she slowly
got up to head for her sister, that Nagi held her arm.
        “Leave it, Sasami,” Nagi said.  “There will be time later.”
        “I guess you’re right,” Sasami conceded, resolving to speak with her sister
at the earliest convenience.
        “Well,” Nagi concluded, “see you around, kid.  Looks like Ryoko and I have
some things to talk about.”
        “I think we all do,” Sasami agreed, looking towards her sister and her
friends and realizing that, in the end, no one knew each other.

*All characters borrowed from and copywrighted by AIC Pioneer LDC.