Practice Makes Perfect


    They were making excellent progress through the sea of stars;
navigation was optimal, and the ship was running at maximum efficiency.
The more mutinous members of their treacherous, lecherous crew had been
purged via the usual dimensional gate, as good as a pleasant stroll
off a wooden beam into Splugorthian-infested waters.

    Expectedly, the proximity alert went off with a muted pinging,
and the image of a Royal Jurai Cassia-class cruiser flipped onto the
monitor. Washu glanced over at the seat beside her on the central
command bridge of their pirate ship, the Souja and realized Kagato
was still asleep. She gave him a shove, and he woke with a start.

    "They're finally here. It's your turn today; I'm not wearing my
good cloak. Besides, you need the practice," she said to him, as she
casually entered in command sequences that would initialize the ship's
multi-cannon array.

    Glancing at her, he nodded, and stood up, moving toward the center
of the room.

    "Whenever you're ready," Washu called out from behind him.

    He took a moment to take a deep breath, and mentally went over his
lines. At the last moment, he realized something and dug into the
pockets of his dark violet uniform. Finding his scouter (or as Washu
liked to call it, his "eye-patch"), he quickly fitted it over his left
eye.

    "Ready."

    Suddenly, the image of the bridge of the cruiser appeared, and the
captain of the ship stood at its helm, dressed in a Juraian battle
uniform with the extra poofy cotton-balls that signified his high rank.
His crew was arrayed around him at their different command posts,
controlling the various units of the organic ship from living wooden
terminals.

    "Greetings, gentlemen. Allow me to introduce my companion and
myself. We are the dreaded space pirates Hakubi. I am Kagato and this
is Washu." Kagato turned, bowing toward his master, the irrevocably
brilliant Washu, who flashed her trademark smile, winked, and made a
v-sign with her fingers. This sign, according to dimensional
xenologists, was supposed to mean either peace or victory in some
foreign devil's belief system. In truth, it meant something else
entirely, but that explanation takes hours, if not days, and the
infusion of many a so-called 'danishi.'

    "W...What do you want?" The Juraian captain stuttered, and became
increasingly flustered as he realized exactly whom he was dealing
with. He started making some surreptitious signals to his crew,
ordering them to ready the ship for battle.

    "Ah, but you are terribly mistaken. It is not what we want...it
is what you want." Kagato paused with calculated flair, taking a few
measured, predatory steps, his heavy cloak swirling menacingly
around him. The translucent blue scouter he wore over his left eye
gleamed in the dramatic lighting as he turned his attention back toward
the Juraian captain.

    "For you see, though you may not have realized it, at this
moment..." Kagato paused, trying to remember his line. Those last few
steps threw his timing off, and he couldn't remember his carefully
rehearsed banter. Mentally, he cursed Washu for putting that in the
script...he was terrible at these things, coordinating movement and
talk. If he had his way, next time he would just stand still, and let
the dialogue speak for itself. "At...at this moment...uh...at...at
this moment...All your base are belong to us!"

    The ship's captain blinked at him in astonishment, and then nearly
fell over in a hysterical fit of laughter. Laughing, he signaled
to his officers, and suddenly the visual communication signal broke
apart.

    "Damn it all, I almost got it right this time!" Kagato fumed,
turning to Washu. But before he could say anything further, she
dismissed him with a motion of her hand.

    "Don't worry. I'm way ahead of you," she said, bringing up the
visual screen. A giant glowing shard of green energy enough to vaporize
a small planetary system blasted relentlessly toward the Cassia-class
cruiser that was slowly turning away from them...





Characters belong to AIC and Pioneer, as well as to their respective
creators.

Thanks to all those who should be thanked (you know who you are).

C&C can be sent to cori_ohki@hotmail.com. Thank you for reading.


