One True Princess (Aeka Fans Read This!!)

This poem, it goes out to all you 
writing poems and stories like it.
I’ve seen and heard your princess bashing,
I know exactly where your mind’s at.

You think Ryoko will get her man,
Don’t deny it, I’ve read your work.
I’ve read and read and read and read,
And have seen your assurance and your quirks.

I’ve seen you throw Aeka away,
like she’ll never when the heart she wanted.
I’ve read poems and stories and scripts and jokes,
All professing your devotion to the pirate undaunted.

You crown her as your queen,
And Aeka as your enemy.
I know what you think when you see them fight,
But I know you don’t think about the irony.

Ryoko hides behind her rough exterior, it’s true,
But is really gentle and even kind.
But She throws tantrums when she loses her man,
And still blows him kisses from behind.

She’s ubsessed, you know, pure and simple,
A woman complex, with issues galore.
But what if irony won out, for once,
And Aeka was finally able to even the score?

What if the pirate lost it,
The contest for a man?
What if the princess finally evened the odds,
Won that contest for that man?

The princess loves him, even you can see that,
You devoted space pirate slaves.
It’s seen in the Universe, the Shin, the Muyo,
She’s loved him, and him to her the same.

If that pirate had not been there,
What do you think would have happened?
Would it have taken Aeka a day, an hour, a second,
To win her man, in bow and package?

The princess is prettier, at least I think,
And Tenchi may agree.
Although Ryoko is certainly more slutty,
To a far greater and distant degree.
I do not hate the space pirate Ryoko,
Although I find her a little pitiful at times.
She fights so hard, but will never win,
May it be because of her sluttiness, her lack of charm, her
crimes.

Aeka will win,
although the series creaters are wise to never really crown her.
The masses of Ryoko fans everywhere
Would probably rise to defend their mascot, their dream, their
master.

Please do not take offense,
I am not implying anything I don’t believe to be true.
And that is the only real use for poetry,
I know that, and maybe you do too.

So look, and see if you don’t agree,
When you pop the video in and there it be,
In their eyes, in the shining anmation,
The love the hope, of someday being happy.

But look at Tenchi carefully next time,
for I have, and I must confess:
I believe he was making eyes, not at the pirate,
But at his one true love, his one true princess.