Disclaimer: Tenchi, Misaki, Funho 
and all the characters belong to AIC and Pioneer.
This helped the world
D12 and Eminem wrote Purple Hills.
This helped the destruction of the world.

NOTES:
Sagat vs. Diabolo ROUND 3!
Fight!
Okay this isn't one of my best parodies-
halfway though I decided to make it about 
Misaki and Funaho who are two of my favourite
characters from the OAVs, so it's not compeltely
coherent. Still, I hope you enjoy it, and just
to remind people that Ian 'ERASER OF SOULS!
BWHAHAHAHAHA!!!' Sagat is a really cool author.
You should go and read War and Peace now.
Really. 
I said NOW!!!
(do these plugs get subtler every time or what?) 

		Purple Hair
		    AKA 
  How My Weird Great-Grandmothers Behave And
    How It Helps Me Get Through The Day
  (Performed By Tenchinem and His Posse T12)

T12:
I've fought so many cretures, climbed all the highest reaches
But nothing compares to these girls with gold and purple hair
I've saved the human race
Adventures in time and space
But nothing compares to this blue and cyan purple hair

Tenchinem:
Jurain blood, like mom and dad  	
They belived in cross breeding really bad
It's Mr Masaki in the bush with a Kodak
Sneak up on you like that bald guy Kojak
Y'all can't accept the fear I get, when I'm set with six girls
And five wanna hit, on me and then each others tits
Pull each others hair and sractched to bits
Washu's lab makes me sweat till I'm trim
Trying' to do me in a glass I'm feelin' grim
'Til I realise Jim's doin' Eminem
Parodying that yellow haired dwarf again
Go fight, fight, c'mon fight
I said alright
Everybody in my house shoutin' through the night
To the girl with the spikes whose dress is tight
We don't take advantage, get run to ground 
Tenchi has half the girls in town
Yosho, your Mums are comin' out
Couldn't you tell by the way they hug and pout?

One's quiter with the darker hair 
But upstairs she thinking like the Drity Pair
Hey Funho, see me stepping on this pink haired fool
With the pom-poms who your man thinks is cool
Mihoshi smashed him with a tidal wave
That's too soft for all the lip he gave
Yeah, I see you there with you sister wife
Reckon it's the high life
Yo, even if the tensions rife
Without a guy, she can suffice
And I think that as queens it nice
To swing both ways, cover each other in rice
Then get your man in at half the price
So stop acting so quiet
You so hot you might just wake up with whole of us lot  
So show some of it
Ooops, I think I said too much (ah-ha)
I don't think she's pleased (ah-ha)
Goin' red in the face and lookin' diseased
Watch out, I'll be desceased...

T12:
I've seen so many races, I've kicked the bad guy's aces
But nothing compares to these girls with green and purple hair
I talked with gods and villians
Got arrested for stealin' millions
But nothing is such a twist, they're all driving me spare

Tenchi Dozen, 80 of em'
Sisters, brothers, potential lovers
Princesses, a pirate and her mother 
Loves another, run for cover 
They probably wanna go outside
And maim each other
Something, something...oh bugger...

Tenchinem
This Azusa guy, he's from Jurai
Top o' the pile, gone beyond the line
Loved two wives who were filled with kids
Thought 'Whose gonna be born first? Place your bids...'
One wanna hug away, so tight it slays,
Until your eyes pop out and you pant for days
And when you say, no way, she grabs you by the hair
Starts screaming tear, hit you over there
Smash, smash smash, so I never even dare
Ryoko had an accident, had a scare
Ahh, she thought you was Sesami, must be barmy
Quick distract her- on the T.V. it's Barney!
Taking two brides at one time
Laughin' like a maniac, that's a bad sign 
You got any room in that flagship?
I don't ususally fly to get my kicks
But the rest of my family's not as fun as this
My mother and father must have been takin' the p*ss
My relatives screwed up real bad
Sisters and brothers marry like mad
And they don't give a damn that it messed me round
Screwed, repressed, polite but sad
It's no way to live as a growing lad
I'll just go see my grandmas-they'll take me back to the gound

T12:
I've fought so many cretures, climbed all the highest reaches
But nothing compares to these girls with red and purple hair
I've saved the human race
Adventures in time and space
But nothing off the wrist, Washu's given' me a scare

Tenchinem:
I'm in the Palace, lookin' round with malice
When lightin' up like a chalice, see this girl that's
Not actin' so callous
Gradmother Funho, Ms. Misaki, who's that girl right there
The princess? No way, my Great Aunt, no where?
Blue hairs, purple follicle
Got Tenchi M. out of the chill
Feel ill (oh god)
Chick, you for real?
You my Great Aunt and your in love with me?
Even Jerry Springer wouldn't go this deep
After all this shite
Lesbian Granmas seem alright

T12:
I've seen so many races, I've kicked the bad guy's aces 
They caught me unawares, these girls with all the weird-ass hair
I talked with gods and villians
Got arrested for stealin' millions
Blue gold green, cerise black brown cyan purple hair

Flirty dozen, kissing cousins
Two grandmothers, both bear huggers
That is why I duck and cover
Others might if they had this trouble
They probably wanna take each other out
And maim each other
Somethin', somethin', light hawk wings...

I told you it wasn't that good. Ian is gonna pay
for that one, don't worry...although he'll proabably
do brilliantly, as always, and I will be left
gritting my fangs.
Still, until next time we cross swords the battlefeild 
of ficdom...
FAREWELL!
Yrs.
Jim 'Diabolo' Moore
comageddon@ntlworld.com
