:::It's morning and the doors to Elena's projection area open:::
Elena: Ahh hello all of you! Bright and early......just like I requested!
Arianna: It's too....:::Yawn::: early........zzz....
:::Sammy slaps Arianna::: Wake up!
Arianna: uhhhh...
Elena: Well don't worry today's fic is sure to be an eye opener
:::All four perk up and look around then realize there's three:::
Sammy: H-hey where's Ryu?
Arianna: Huh? You mean he left?
Akito: I know he was with us at the entrance...
Elena: No worries! He's waiting in the theater! Go on in and look for 
yourselves.
:::All three groan:::
Arianna: Should've guessed...hentai through and through...
Akito: How would you know so much about his hentainess Arianna?
Arianna: Don't even start ... it's too early :::Yawns again:::
:::The doors open and Sammy's the first to enter::: 
Akito: Wha- Sam!!?
Sammy: Let's get this over with...I still need my breakfast...::her stomach 
growls fiercly::
Elena: Trust me...after this you won't want any...heh heh heh...
::The three pause:::
Akito: Exactly...why are we MSTing this one?
Elena: You'll see but I suppose I can give you a motive...mainly it's a 
Sasami lemon and -
Arianna: Oh god....
Akito: What is everyone's odd facsination with seeing that poor cute little 
girl naked and covered in god knows what?!
Arianna: Ugh...the world is ridden with Pedophiles!
Akito: You said it...
::they sigh and walk into the theater:::
Elena: My my...how nice of you to go voluntarily
Sammy: right...LIKE WE HAVE A CHOICE!
Elena: Hee Hee...good point :::the doors slam close locking them in:::
Sammy: Oui...my head hurts already...
:::Akito puts an arm around Sammy::: Don't worry...hopefully this is will be 
a quick one...most Sasami ones ar- :::Sammy looks at him like he's ill::: 
Nevermind...
::the three get to their seats and sit , Arianna next to Ryu who is literally 
buried in theater sweets such as popcorn, soda, Dots, gummi bears, Whoppers 
and various other candies:::
Arianna: Ryu have a little self control!
Ryu: ::grins with gummi stuck in his teeth::: Yes honey!
Arianna: Aggh! Get me away ! 
Ryu: Hee Hee :::Bats his eyelashes then pretends to flip hair behind his 
shoulder:: Uh! As if!
:::Arianna growls:::

::The picture appears on the screen:::


Hi there ! 
> Sammy: Hi
> Arianna: Hello
> Akito: Who are you?
> Ryu: Hwello :::Mouth full of munchies:::

This is the fisrt 

>Arianna: Can't people be bothered to spellcheck their work? It's on your 
computer...:::holds up a sign that reads in bright red letters : LEARN IT, 
USE IT!:::

part of a 5 parts story. It is also my first 
attempt to write something in english (i'm french)

>Arianna: That may explain the spelling errors but...if this is the first 
time writing something in English this person learns quick...too quick for 
human standards
>Ryu: Someone call the pentagon!
>Akito: The truth is out there...There really are illegal "aliens"

, therefore there must be 
some errors in it. 

>Arianna : I found one...lemme make a list...

Anybody who would feel good enough to review it, correct
it and send me back a corrected version would be very kind 

>Arianna: If this is a Sasami lemon the only kind thing to do would be to 
give you a good fwapping and shred this fic...

and I would include is
name in the credits.Legal stuff.

>Akito: You're a fine one to talk about legal...Child pornography is illegal 
ya know...
>Arianna: Well this is a fic so it may not count as pornography and Sasami 
isn't real...but still it's wrong...
>Akito: Damn! :::Snaps his fingers:::

This story is in the Tenchi Muyo OAV universe. 

>Akito: We have a bright one on our hands folks!

All right reserved to whoever
possesed them blah blah blah you get the point.
This story is happening in the OAV serie.

>Arianna: Oui....Number two...

Sasami's Quest I
It has been a hard day for Sasami. In bonus of the daily cleaning and
cooking, she was forced to stop one more battle between her sister and
Ryoko, fight to defend the carrots reserve against a raid of Ryo-ho-ki

>Ryu: Whoa! Ryo-Ohki's a ho!?
>Akito: Gee so that's why she's after Tenchi AND Ken-Ohki! 
>Ryu: A raid of Ryo-Ohki hos!
>Arianna: It's spelled Hoe you idiots...::scribbles something down::: Number 
three...Geeze you two are starting to make this author look good
:::Both boys shut up:::

and save Tenchi from a new Washu's experiment. 

>Arianna: I won't say it...::Scribbles down another:::

At last, all that was the
past, she could finnaly relaxes in the familly 


>Arianna: Forget it! ::throws the pen and pad at the screen::: Obviously this 
person's a foreigner! 
>Akito: We we!
:::Ryu snickers:::
Sammy: Ryu practice a little maturity!
Ryu: Hee Hee Hee...

flying-domed-baths
(who's build that anyway ?). 

>Sammy: Don't even go there! :::Remembers the long Jurian Bath debate::: 
oui...

Being alone, with Ryo-ho-ki,  

>Ryu: Heh Heh Heh...
>Arianna: Oh boy...
>Ryu: No it'd be HO boy!
:::Arianna slams a fist into Ryu's face , sending him flying:: Bad puns must 
be punished


she leaved
her towel on the side of the baths, enjoying the contact of the water on
all her body. She liked this; when the others girls where in the baths
with her she'd always keep her towel on, being a little shy to show her
little body to all those fully grown women. 

>Sammy: What adolscent isn't?

For more than a hour, Sasami 
was in a near-sleep state, being waked by time to time by surprise attacks
from Ryo-ho-ki, trying to poke her on the head while staying at a save
distance of the water. 

:::All blink:::
>Arianna: Now I know I'm suppose the be the picky one with spelling ...but 
who the hell just understood that last line?!
:::No one raises their hand:::

She finaly decided it was time to get out, she was
way past her usual bed time. After all, she needed to be awake and ready
more than a hour sooner than the rest of the gang to prepare breakfast.
She stood up, her eyes closed, feeling the water rolling down her body.
When she opened her eyes, she saw her reflection on the clear water, she knew
that it will be many years before she can really enter the battle for
Tenchi's love. Will he still be available ? 

>Akito: Probably...that guy is like lifetime pro virgin or something...

The young girl still gazed at her
reflected image, 

>Sammy: :::sings::: Who is that girl I see staring straight back at me? 

she often saw Ryoko naked in the baths, and therefore
realise that she was a long way from womanhood. 

>Akito: Not totally...Ryoko took form so ya know...she could turn into an old 
granny if she wanted!
>Ryu: Why don't she merge with Tsunami? She'd be hot!
>Arianna: I think if Sasami were older she'd be best paired with Tenchi...
>Sammy: Ohhh no let's NOT get into that again!

Her breasts had begun to grow
less than a year ago, she raised her right hand to them, they were still
littles 

>Ryu: Whoa! How many breasts does that kid have!?!
>Akito: Attack of the pod Sasamis!!

but firms

>Sammy: She even has her own firms huh? Who'd thought...Sasami ... A big 
buisness woman?

, a nice little nipple was pointing on each of them.

Ryu: That's a good nipple! See the stick? Go get the stick! Fetch nipple! 
Good nipple!

Recently she remarqued that her nipples were sometimes feeling hard, more
specificaly when Tenchi was around. 

>Arianna: Her nipples get hard evertime basically when Tenchi comes into a 
room and looks at her? 
>Sammy: Now that has to be a wonder of the world!

Still looking at her in the water, she
let her hand go down on her flat smooth stomach, her waist was thin but not
to the point of showings the bones. She finally put both her hands on her
waist and looked at her sex; 

>Sammy: :::Sasami::: So I have a pee hole and poop hole?
:::Others groan:::

a fine line was seperating the two thin layers
of skin. Recently she happily noticed the apparence of a bit of little blue
hairs on the low of her belly and on her lips. Jurai society being quite
secret about sex, the only thing she knew is that she started to look like
the others girls. 

Some nights, when Aeka and her are in their beds, she can
hear her sister moving under her futton while gently moaning Tenchi's name.
Faking being asleep, Sasami could not help but noticing a strange feeling
betweens her legs, one time she even moved a hand to this spot and found that
it was a little wet.

>Ryu: Mommy wow! I'm a big kid now!
>Arianna: Suuure you are!

From Ryoko's talking, Sasami knew that a human body can
bring great pleasure and it was probably what was appening to Aeka. While
thinking about that, she feeled once again that strange sensation inside of
her. Looking around to be sure she was still alone, she carefully moved one
finger on her sex, feeling a curious but pleasant sensation. It was
decided; next time she hear Aeka moaning, she would ask her some questions.

:::Arianna and Sammy groan::: We know where this is heading...
:::Both boys have nosebleeds:::

More than a week as passed since Sasami's resolution and still nothing had 
appened. Each days Sasami got to bed even earlier than usual, and when her 
sister, some hours later, finally join her in their common room she had 
always faked sleep. Nevertheless her big sister simply undressed, get to 
bed and fallen asleep. This evening Sasami took another bath but this time 
Mihoshi was there too so Sasami decided to keep her towel on, despite the
fact that the young galaxy police officer was totaly naked.

>Ryu: uh...heh heh heh......
>Akito: Would you look at- 
:::Sammy shoots him a look:::
>Akito: :::nervously::: Would you look at that hairstyle! My god! Wherever 
does she go to get it done?

 The little
princess really liked Mihoshi, they talked for more than two hours before
Sasami had to get out to prepare supper. During all that time Sasami could
not get her eyes out of Mihoshi's breasts;

>Sammy: :::Sasami::: Mihoshi get my eyes out! Give them back to me!
>Arianna: :::Mihoshi::: I-I'm trying Sasami! :::breaks down crying:::

they were so big that she could
not help but feel jealous. 

>Arianna: They're fake...Blonde and fake
>Ryu: I sense...could it be!?
>Arianna: What!?
>Ryu: :::Gasp::: BREAST ENVY!
:::Arianna's jaw drops and Ryu hauls out of his seat, running around the 
theater:::
>Arianna: HOW DARE YOU!?! LIKE YOU SHOULD LOOK!!!! :::chases Ryu with her 
sword raised:::

She was wondering if they were firms like her's or 
if they were as softs as they look like. Two times during the bath the blue 
haired girl had walked toward Mihoshi then, volontarily slipped and falled 
toward Mihoshi, her hands attempting to grasp one of her breasts. 

:::Arianna stops::: See!? Even Sasami thinks they're fake!
:::The others facefault:::

The first 
time she missed completely and got nothing more than Mihoshi's concerns. 
The second time her fall was more accurate but her hand still missed and 
she find herself really falling out of control. She dived completely under 
water, her head crashing on the concrete, just between the detective's legs. 

>Ryu: Woooooooooooooowww.......:::eyes glued to screen:::
:::Sammy growls and shifts,uncomfortably, next to Ryu:::

The girl feeled a bump growing on the side of her head but her attention 
was caught somewhere else. For a second, time seemed to be stoped, Sasami 
was staring directly at Mihoshi's sex. 

>Sammy: :::Sasami::: Yep you're definatly a girl!

A great patch of golden hairs 

>Ryu: Whoa...!! And they told me Pantene Pro V was only for your scalp!
:::The other's stare and back away from Ryu:::

were 
floating slowly in the water like a field of weat under the wind. 

>Arianna: I'm picturing a seaweed monster...

In the middle of that the little princess could see Mihoshi's lips slightly 
opened 
by the pressure of water, she could see the clit pearing a little bit out 
of his shell, and a little corridor of darkness. The time suddenly resumed, 
Sasami could sense Mihoshi's hands coming in the water to help her out into 
the air. One of the officer's hands landed on Sasami's left shoulder but 
the other fallen on her right breast, completely engulfing it in the dark 
hand. The princess feeled a shock trough her body at this contact and gulped, 
losing what air was left in her lungs. She got her head out of the water, 
gasping and coughing. When she finally re-opened her eyes, Mihoshi was
looking at her with concerned eyes, asking her if she was alright. 

>Arianna: Poor kid! I knew Aeka would only influence her with that damn whip 
of hers! Poisoned the poor girl's mind!
>Ryu: Yeee....you sound like my mother...
>Arianna: Thank god I'm not...

Her left hand had moved quickly to the right shoulder of Sasami but the 
little girl
could not forget the sensation she had nor the arousing vision she saw for a 
mere second.
Sasami was in her bed for more than a hour and she still could not sleep.
Under her closed eyes she was reliving the incident at the baths. She could
still see Mihoshi's breasts in her mind, wishing that she would have been
able to touch them. They seemed so soft. The princess was feeling strange,
she was about sure she should not feel this way for a other girl but still
she desesperately wanted to touch the blonde woman. She was thinking about
her under-water vision 

>Arianna: :::Sasami::: Look Aeka! I got underwater vision now!
>Sammy: :::Aeka::: OH congrats Sasami! You're growing up! Soon you'll be 
covered in slime , get scaly and have an irresistible urge to live in the 
ocean!!


when she heard the door of her room open. She din't
move nor make a sound so her sister would think she's asleep. Aeka closed
the door quietly and started to undress herself. Sasami could hear the many
layers of clothes of her sister fall on the ground, as ever the first
princess would not take care of placing her clothes correctly and would have
to ask Sasami tomorrow to iron them. Aeka finally get to her bed and then
the silence came back. After 2 or 3 minutes Sasami heard her sister calling
her quietly;- Sasami ?   Sasami ?
The little girl din't respond, hoping that something would append.
- Good, she's asleep.
Sasami could not repress a little smile on her face. It would seem that she
was right. At first she could not hear anything; mayby Aeka was sleeping.
Then she heard some movements under her sister futton. She tried a quick
glance and saw that her sister was on her back, her eyes closed, her mouth
open and both her arms under the futton. The little princess moved her head
a little to get a better view. She could saw a little movement under the
futton. It would seem that one of Aeka's hand was moving around her breasts
while the other was busy between her legs. Sasami was still quiet, looking at
her sister with a little smile, listening to her breathing incresing in
speed, 

>Arianna: :::Aeka::: Damn this :::huff puff::: Rash! I just can't seem to 
scratch it fast enough! 

she started to feel that strange sensation between her legs and moved
quietly her right hand to this region. 

Akito: :::reporter style voice::: Reported today...a huge hand appeared over 
this region of the United states...Officials are doing their best to fend the 
hand off. Hope looks bleak.

It was a good idea, she was only
touching her pajama, but she could still feel a pleasant sensation. Aeka
was still breathing faster and now both her hands seemed to be between her
legs. Sasami was still looking, she was a little confused, of course the
contact on her sex was feeling good but Aeka looked like having a really
great time. Nearly not consiously, the little princess moved her hand under
the pajama and feeled the soft contact of her panties. A electric shock
seemed to pass trough Sasami's body and she let go a little "ah!".

>Sammy: Whoa...so that's how the Juraians create electricity...
>Ryu: I wanna live there!
>Sammy: Hentai! :::Fwap:::
>Arianna: Baka! :::Smack:::
........
:::Arianna and Sammy look at Akito:::
> Akito: Oh uh...dum dum! :::pat:::
:::Both girls facefault:::

At the sound of her sister's voice Aeka abrutly stop her action and turned
her head toward Sasami. 

>Sammy: :::Aeka::: Really Sasami! I told you not to shave in the dark!

The little princess's eyes were wide open, looking
directly at Aeka and a little blush was on her cheeks. Aeka din't know what
to do. 

>Arianna: :::Aeka::: Oh Sasami! Do you have any itching relief lotion? 
:::Huff puff::: 

Did her sister heard her touching herself ? 

>Akito: She probably heard your panting and gasping but unless you were 
playing "Rocky 3" down there I doubt she heard the touching part...

Did she know what she
was doing ? What should she say ? Why did Sasami moaned ? The two sisters
were looking at each other in the little moonlight. Finaly Sasami got a
good breath and decided to talk.- What were you doing sis ?

>Arianna: :::Aeka::: For the hundreth damn time! THE LOTION! I SAID I NEED 
THE LOTION! 
>Ryu: Whoa...Arianna they got doctors for that ya know...
:::Arianna growls menacingly and Sammy holds her back:::

- What ?  Well.. I.. I was not doing anything.
Sasami could not help but let go a little laugh when she saw how red her
sister's face was now.
- You where doing something, your hands were moving under the futton.
- No. I was.. scratching myself that's all.

>Arianna : ::blinks::: So she is ill down there...

- Come on sis. Tell me what you were doing. I want to know, please.
Aeka was feeling less and less good. How would she get out of this mess.
Talking about sex always make her feel bad. She remembered the first and
only time she and a talk about sex with her mother Misaki. 

:::All burst out laughing picturing Misaki explain sex:::

She was 14 and
her mother was more open about sex than the average juraian. She told her
about the reproduction side of the sexuality and a little about the "fun"
that sex can bring. But should she try to explain all that to Sasami now ?
She felt really strange. She was about to come when she had to stop, what
should she do ? Sasami was now sitting on her bed still looking at her.
Aeka was still feeling the moist between her legs and she wanted to touch
herself but no. Aeka finnaly get sit on her bed, keeping the futton over
her body, just letting her face out.- Ok Sasami. What do you think I was 
doing ?

>Arianna: :::Sasami::: Looking for that hotdog you lost in there last month?
Ryu and Akito: Urp....

- You were touching your body.- Why do you think I was doing that.
It was Sasami's turn to blush. She was din't know what to respond.
- Because it feel a little.. good ?- Why do you say that ?
- Because sometime when I put my hand between my legs it make me feel
strange .. and good.
- I see. It would seem that your older than I tought. I din't see your body
for some times now so I can't tell how much you are developped but ...
- But what ?
A little smile was on Aeka's face. An idea just came in her mind.

>All: Uh oh...

 For some
time she was masturbating while thinking about Tenchi. Of course it felt
good but surely not as good as when somebody else touches you.
- Do you know how to get pleasure by touching yourself ?
The little princess was blushing even more.- What ? N.. no.
- The better way to learn would be for me to show you how to touch me so you
will know how to touch you.- You... you think so ?
- Yes. But we must keep that for ourself ok ?- Ok... What should I do ?
Aeka was jubilating. She get a glance at the door and get the futton off her. 
She was wearing a pajama too. She started to unbutton her top, step by step 
the 
top opened a little more. 

>Akito: Wow...I'm beginning to wonder how in depth Misaki taught 
Aeka............ 
:::Sammy slaps him:::
Sammy: You're becoming as bad as Ryu!
:::Ryu grins with popcorn stuck on his teeth then belches:::

The princess keep the top on her but it was open enough 
to see that she was not wearing a bra at night. Then, still being sit, she 
removed 
the pants of her pajama. Now Sasami could see a little of her sister's breast 
and a 
white pair of panties.- Come here Sasami.
The little princess came near her sister. When she was close enough, Aeka
took Sasami's left hand and put it on her legs, then, still keeping control
of the little girl hand she made it slide up to the top of her panties.
- I will teach you how to give me pleasure.

>Arianna: I'd love to give her pleasure alright...I'll put that whip 
somewhere where it's really going to hurt! How could she do this to her 
sister!! There's more subtle ways of teaching her!

Then the first princess get herself on her back, stil keeping Sasami's hand
on her underware. She get her legs appart and started rubbing her sister's
hand between her legs. Then she let the hand go and Sasami keeped the rythm
rubbing and rubbing her hand on her sister. Aeka was moaning with pleasure,
that was really something else. Sasami started to like this, it was obvious
that Aeka was having fun and the girl was happy. Then Aeka's hand came once
again over her's. She removed the hand off her body then let go off it.
Sasami looked at her sister with surprise and all she saw was a great smile
on Aeka's face. 

>:::All green:::
>Sammy: Sasami no! It's a hentai! That's not Aeka! 
>Akito: Actually it is
>Sammy: Run anyways Sasami!

She looked back at her sister undies and saw that Aeka was
removing them. A thin layer of purple hairs was showing under the littlelight.

>Sammy: :::Sasami::: Sister...were you playing with the purple weed killer 
again?

- Again Sasami. Please.
Sasami blushed once again but put her hands back where they were a moment ago.
The sensation was quite different. She was still rubbing her fingers on her
sister's sex but now she was able to really feel the heat and the moisture.
The little girl was not able to look away from the purple patch, still rubbing
and rubbing. Aeka was really enjoying all this. She keep moaning and shivering
with pleasure.- That's good Sasami. Now look what I want you to do.
Aeka gently removed her sister's hand and put her's between her legs. She
rubbed herself 2 or 3 times and then put a finger inside of her. A shock
passed trough her body at the contact. She then put a other finger and
started pulling them out then putting them in again and again.
- You get it Sasami ? I want you to do this. Do it softly but quickly.
Never completely remove your fingers ok ?
Sasami was amazed by the situation. She would never tought of putting
anything inside that. 

>Arianna: Now's a good time to learn...run down a grab a knife! Quick!
>Ryu: That might be entertaining!
>Arianna: Huh?
>Ryu: You really don't listen to me do you?
>Arianna: I have selective hearing...when you talk I hear "We'll return right 
after these messages"

But then she decided to complied. She put one finger
at the entrance of her sister's sex and then started pushing. It was now very 
wet, she could feel the muscle of Aeka's vagina contracting at the contact of 
the finger. She keep pushing until all her finger was inside. Her sister was 
arching her back with pleasure.- Like this ?
- Oh yes Sasami, that's... that's just perfect. Keep it going, faster.
Sasami was moving her finger in and out of her sister, accelerating more and
more with the acceleration of her sister's breathing.
- Put a other finger too please.
Now there was 2 finger inside of Aeka. Sasami could now feel more and more
heat coming from between her own legs but keep fingering her sister. More
and more juice was dropping on the bed. Aeka was on the verge of the greater
orgasm she never had.- Stop Sasami.
The little girl put her hand off her sister and looked at her happily.
- Why do you want me to stop sis ?
- I want you to do one last thing. You may find that curious, or even
disgusting but you must do it to learn ok ?- Hu, ok. What is it ?

>All: No!!

Aeka put back her hand on her sex and opened her own lips, showing a very
extented clit.
- You see this ? This is what is making a girl feel good. I want you tolick 
it.
- What ? Lick it ? With my tongue you mean ?- Yes please.

>Arianna: :::Sasami::: Nah! I don't wanna! Ryo-Ohki!!!

- But, but, pee is coming from there. Yuck !

:::They laugh nervously but turn green again:::

- There's no pee now. Please. At least try it.- Geez. Ok I will but...
Aeka was spreading her legs appart while Sasami was lying in front of her
vagina. The girl was looking at her sister's sex, it looked like Mihoshi's
but for the color of the hairs. Aeka was using 2 of her fingers to open her
vagina so that Sasami could perfectly see her clit. All this area was now
soaking in juice, a sight that Sasami was not really liking.

>Akito: Now I know why they scrapped the idea for "Aliens 5" 

 Finaly she
taken a good breath, closed her eyes and started licking. Aeka nearly faint
at the sensation. There was a first stroke of tongue, then after a second
another and another, speeding and speeding up. At first Sasami found the
taste strange but after a couple of licks she enjoyed the taste and wanted
more and more. Her tongue was going quicker and quicker while Aeka was having
difficulties not to scream with pleasure. Needing to get more of this juice,
Sasami decided to put her whole mouth on her sister's sex and started sucking
the whole area. Aeka was feeling the electricity moving trough her, she was
shacking and to keep herself from screaming she was bitting her pillow. 

>Sammy: :::Aeka::: Oooooo a marshmellow!

Then
the final touch came, still sucking, Sasami get the idea of putting back her
fingers inside her sister. Aeka's breath stopped for a second as she put
both her hands of Sasami's head and pushing it toward her sex with all her
streght. Sasami was feeling the quick contractions inside her sister, there
was so much juice that she could't drink it all. She was about to suffocate
when the pressure of Aeka's hands on her head finally stop and she pulled
her head out gasping for air.

>Arianna: This is....vile! :::pukes on the floor:::
>Sammy: I'm not very hungry anymore....

 The little girl was very happy. She looked at
her sister.- Now what sis ? You will give me fun too ? Sis ? Sis ?
The first princess was on her back, her eyes closed, a smile on her face.

>Akito: :::Sings weakily::: put a smile on your face...URP!

- Sis ? Did you fall asleep ? Sis ? Hey wake up.

>All: Don't wake up! Don't wake up!!

Sasami was pushing Aeka to wake her up but all the big sister did was 
saying "Tenchi, oh Tenchi" over and over.- Damn sis. That's not fair.

>Akito: Like Sasami would say "Damn!"

The little girl finally get back to her bed and started sleeping. She was
so angry that she din't noticed that she putted her hand inside her panties. 

>Arianna: Oh boy...
>Sammy: Is this over?!

I hope you liked this. 

>Akito: It stinks!

I plan to write the 4 others parts in a near futur.

Akito: AHHHHHH!!
Arianna: AAAAAAARRRGGH!!!
Sammy: EEEEEEE!!!
Ryu: ....More power to ya! :::All three slam Ryu over the head::
:::Elena opens the theater's doors::: So how wa-
:::All three run out screaming:::
Elena: ::Blinks::: Well atleast you're here to keep me company Ryu
Ryu:.......starzzzzzz......:::out:::
:::Elena shakes her head and pulls Ryu out then closses the theater doors::: 