Quizno Muyo - The Return
Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction
By Elwin "Blaine" Coldiron - bigkwell@juno.com
http://hometown.aol.com/bigkwell/myhomepage/profile.html

"Tenchi Muyo!" and characters created by Hiroki Hayashi and Masaki Kajishima and 
are the property of AIC/Pioneer.  I do not own the characters, nor the series.  
I just write the fiction.

Quizno's Oven-toasted Subs and Classic Italian Sub property of Quizno's Inc.


(Setting:  white room, no windows, with a table in the center.  Inside standing 
is a man in short-sleeve shirt and tie with clipboard.  Seated at table, facing 
a sub and a dish covered up, is Ryoko.

Man:  Miss, which would you rather choose:  this toasted Italian sub. . . 

Ryoko (interupting):  Listen bub, you are not going to pull the same crap like 
you did with Mihoshi!  (Turning and stairing hungrily at sub)  I, on the other 
hand, am going to enjoy this delicious beauty sitting before me.

Man (placing arm in front of Ryoko) . . .or this untoasted Italian sub, with 
special "bread."  (Lifts cover to reveal untoasted sub surrounded by a bundle of 
yen notes)

(Ryoko stares wide-eyed at untoasted sub, then stares at toasted sub.  She 
starts sweating.  The view rapidly shifts to untoated sub, Ryoko's eyes, toasted 
sub, Ryoko's eyes, untoasted sub.  . . ah you know!)

Man (satisfied smile as he goes for his handheld recorder):  Immedietly digs in 
to the untoasted with special "bread."

(pans to Ryoko.  She is wide-eyed and teary-face.  Her arms are full with the 
yen notes, and she is clutching the untoasted sub)

Ryoko:  I feel so dirty.

Ayeka (in small circle insert above and to Ryoko's right):  I, for one, am not 
supprised.

Ryoko (dirty look at Ayeka):  Shut up.

(scene switches to Quizno's resturant, with Washu standing near toasting oven)

Washu:  Let's face it, people.  The only way those guys are going to compete 
with Quizno's oven-toasted subs is to cheat.

(scene switches to Quizno's Classic Italian Sub)

Washu (off-camera):  Try Quizno's Classic Italian Sub.  Three meats and oven-
toasted to perfection.

(scene switches to sub being eaten, revealing Quizno's logo)

Unknown man's voice:  Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm.  Toasty.



Author's note:  I've had to write this story on a library computer because my 
own computer decided to take a crap on me.  Don't worry, I'll get it fixed and 
soon you'll see more stories writen by me.  Until then. . . LATER!!!



9/11/01

FDNY-NYPD-THE REAL HEROES


