I neither made or own the characters in this story and didn't make any money
on them.


A race to remember
By, Clayton Overstreet

  Ryoko lay back staring out at the lake. She was bored out of her skull. 
Since
Dr.Clay had been defeted nothing had realy happened lately. It was just the
same reutine day in and day out. Maybe she should do something to liven
things up. Now what could she do that wouldn't annoy Tenchi or destruy too
much of the property? Ah, that's it...

  Tenchi rubbed the back of his head thinking. "A spaceship race huh? Well I
guess that would be alright if the other's agree to it." Tenchi looked at 
the other
girls around him. Everyone looed rather interested in Ryoko's idea. The new
girl Kyonei seemed especialy interested. "What are the rules?" Ryoko smiled
and looked at her. "Same as that Nascar show on t.v. Washu already agreed
to set up a course for us." Mihoshi grinned and asked what the prize would 
be
for the winner. Ryoko grined and looked at Tenchi. "Well in the races on
television the winner gets a trophy and a kiss." Tenchi gulped and was about
to suggest another prize when all the other's yelled, "I'm in!" Tenchi let 
his head
sag.
  Washu had the course set up by the time they had finished lunch and made a
trophy for the winner that Tenchi had to hold. Tenchi had decided giving one 
of
the girls a kiss wouldn't be such a big deal, especialy if... no he couldn't 
think
that way. If he picked one of them the others would be hurt... but still. He
shook his head and smiled at the people in the race. Mihoshi was racing in 
her
the the Yukanojo, Kyonei had the Yagami, Ayeaka had Riouoh, Ryoko was
going to fly Ryo-oki, and Sasami was going to be in Tsunami's spaceship 
form.
Washu teleported them all into a huge asteroid field. The ships were all 
lined
up and Washu was sitting next to the Start/Finish line holding a flag and 
wearing
a referee uniform.
  Tenchi watched from a small asteroid holding the trophy. This was going to
be fun. Washu smiled and said, "On your marks, get set... GO!" The ships 
took
off while Tenchi watched. At first they seemed pretty close but soon Mihoshi
and Kyonei's ships were left behind. They simply didn't have the fule to 
keep
up with the living ships. After a while they pulled out and flew back to the 
start
to wait with Tenchi and Washu. Tenchi smiled at them. "Sorry guys." They
smiled and Kyonei said, "It's ok. It was all just for fun anyway right?" 
Mihoshi
giggled, "So who do you think will win Tenchi?" Tenchi couldn't see the 
ships
any more but Washu had set up a monitor. The other three ships looked about
even for the moment. His eyes lingered momentarily on Ryo-oki.
  "I don't realy know Mihoshi. It looks pretty close." He said. Washu looked 
at
him out of the corner of her eye and made it perfectly clear that she had 
seen
where he had been looking. Tenchi blushed and kept his eyes on the screen.
Almost at the same time Ryo-oki and Tsunami put on an extra burst of speed.
Riouoh was left behind, but unlike the space officers Ayeaka refused to give 
up
and kept after the other two ships. Washu smiled and watched the screen too.
"Well this is interesting. I based alot of Ryo-oki's design on Tsunami but 
until
now I wasn't sure if she'd match up."
  Tenchi stared at the screens. A smaller picture appeared in the corner and
he could see Ryoko and Sasami. They were both concentrating hard and were
staring straight ahead. "Wow they're realy putting alot into this..."

  On Ryo-oki Ryoko pushed the control panel forward. "Why are you holding
back Ryo-oki? You can go way faster than this." the walls of the ship 
blushed
lightly pink and Ryo-oki said, "Meow myah Myah meOW." Ryoko clenched
her teeth. "I don't care if she's your girlfriend, she's trying to beat us 
to so kick
it into overdrive now!" Ryo-oki meowed loudly and suddenly shot forward
fast enough to throw Ryoko back against the wall and hit her head.

  Tenchi gasped when he saw Ryo-oki take off leaving Tsunami in the
backwash. He couldn't even see her on the screen anymore, just brief flashes
as she slowed down to turn. He glanced at the screen showing Ryoko and
Sasami's faces. Sasami was stunned, her jaw hanging open as she stared
straight ahead. He looked at Ryoko's face and saw... nothing. She wasn't 
there.
"Washu where is Ryoko?" Washu pushed a button on her computer. "Oh no.
She made Ryo-oki go to fast and she hurt herself. And Ryo-oki doesn't know."
Tenchi looked up. "What? How do we get her out of there?" Washu looked at
him solemly. "We can't. We have to wait until Ryo-oki stops. Fortunately at 
this
speed she should be here..." A sonic boom sounded over the area as Ryo-oki
stoped at the finish line.
  They all rushed towards the spaceship. Ryo-oki changed back into her
cabbit form and Ryoko appeared on the ground next to her. Tenchi was the
first to reach her. "Ryoko are you alright?" Her eyes fluttered open and she
looked up at Tenchi smiling. "I guess this race wasn't such a good idea 
after all."
Tenchi smiled down and held her head lightly. "You shouldn't have pushed it
that hard Ryoko. What were you thinking?" She smiled up at him weakly. "I
wanted that kiss..." Her head fell back and she was unconsious. Ayeaka and
Sasami arrived in afew minutes and saw Tenchi with Ryoko in his arms.

  Ryoko woke up in Tenchi's livingroom with him watching over her. She
smiled at him. "Hey, I thought I was the one that watched you in your 
sleep."
He smiled and felt her head. "Are you alright now Ryoko?" She closed her
eyes and smiled. "I seem to be. But you don't think that just because I got 
a
little headache I'd forget about my prize do you?" Tenchi's face turned red 
and
he quickly held up the trophy. Ryoko looked at it and sighed. "I guess you
realy don't find me attractive after all." She turned around and looked at 
the
back of the couch.
  Tenchi mentaly kicked himself for being such a jerk. "Look Ryoko, ofcourse 
I
find you attractive. If I didn't do you think I'd get so flustered around 
you?" She
turned back around. "Realy Tenchi?" He nodded and smiled. Befor he could
say anything else Ryoko kissed him. He sat there stunned. She smiled and
patted his cheek, then vanished.

The end

Author's note
  Short. Very short. I was bored and they had space ships. They had to do
something with them some time right?
