Ramblings of the 15 Crazed Otaku (aka: the PNTM!MB group fic)
by
The Planet Namek.com Tenchi Muyo! message board posters 
(see below for complete listing of names)

This fic was started by ~Brain~Wav~ on Friday 3/9/01 and ran 
until that Saturday.  If you want to use this story, post in 
the TM! section of PN's MB about it.  I (~Brain~Wav~) tried to 
spell/grammar check the posts and make it flow in a *semi* coherent order.
Oh, and we authors are omnipresent in the story, you just don't know it.

	It was another normal day at the Masaki Household. That is 
until a familiar white crystaline ship started hovering over the house. 
Tenchi and Co. ran outside to see why.
	"Nagi, what do you want this time?!" yelled Ryoko.

	Then a beam shot out of Ken-Ohki, and blasted Sakuya even 
though she was already dead!  Then Aeka and Ryoko were stomping the 
ashes of Sakuya and then Kamehameha-ed the ashes of Sakuya into oblivion 
and praised the Anti-Sakuya Club. Nobody said anything until Kiyone and 
Mihoshi arrrived from work. They were clueless to what was going on so 
they stompped on the ashes too!  

	Then Nagi captured Sasami! And of course, everyone loves Sasami 
'cause she's kawaii! So everyone jumped in ryo-ohki and headed after Nagi. 
No one noticed Sakuya's ashes float by.  SS2ChibiGoten was in the lead 
trying to get Sasami back but Loner saved the day by shooting down Nagi's 
ship. Then the ship crashed landed on Namek. Namek was about to explode 
when SS2ChibiGoten grabbed Sasami and put her in Ryo-ohki and took off 
back to Earth when the GP pulled them over for speeding and kidnapped Sasami!  

	So SS2ChibiGoten started to run after her and that nast bitch who 
was mean to Kiyone came in with her troops.  Then Icer626 froze her ass 
with his Icer powers, and then Suupa Picorenksuu killed the nasty bitch 
who was mean to Kiyo-chan and saved the day and went home with her to make 
sweet love to her.  Then, tired from being kidnapped, Sasami went upstairs 
to rest. Everyone notices someone is missing and they all go on the hunt 
again when Sakuya's ashes float by, and Icer626 Ices them appropriately. 

	All of the sudden a big explosion throws them off their feet which 
was made by Kiyone's blaster when Suupa Piccorenksuu tried to get her in 
bed, preceded by a "I'm not that kind of woman!". A blackened Piccorenksuu 
stumbles out of the bedroom moments later, only to find Wedge walking in to 
the room kissing Kiyone who promptly blasts him in the stones with her gun. 

	He turns around and and all of sudden a new character apears. It's 
Elessar, he peacefully walks in. There is a silver-blue aura shining around 
him, everybody stares haveing no idea who he is.  All the while Zaph and Aeka 
are.. busy.. Zaph has to leave to write chapter four of his fic, but Aeka won't 
let him. Then Suupa Piccorenksuu went back into Kiyone's room, and locked all 
the doors and windows, and began to casually flirt with her, without making 
any sudden movements. She began to like him, and he asked her out to the pizza 
place. She agreed, and they went there. They ordered a large pie to share, and 
they decided they'd give the rest to Charles the cat.  

	Loner showed with alcohol for everybody. Everyone partied like if it was 
a party.  After few drinks which Loner brought Elessar's aura starts to look funny. 
He climbs up on the table and starts to sing: "Boku wa motto paionia...", and 
everybody starts to sing along with him and then ~Brain~Wav~ shows up and starts 
laughing at everyone. Then he runs away as Ayeka starts singing "Oujosama to Oyobi." 
When she finishes no one is left in the house but Zaph who is clapping.  Suddenly, 
Juuhachigou came over to Wedge and his blow up Kiyone doll's house, and Elessars 
aura began to get smaller and smaller through the night because of the sake but 
in the morning it was back to normal . 

	Juuhachigou thought Wedge was cute because he had a doll and decided to 
leave Krillin and hook up with Wedge. The wedding date was set for a week from 
the first monday after the second full moon of next year on Jurai. 

	But then Kiyone showed up and Elessar who is cloaked, so they can't see 
him, thinks, "How am I going to get rid of Zaph, so I can have Aeka all for my self?"  
Fortunately for Elessar a space ship lands right on Zaph's head and he goes to hospital 
for few days.  But unfortunately for Elessar, that very same spaceship ran into Ayeka 
and she went to the hospital as well (and in the same room as Zaph).  

	That spaceship was piloted by none other than Elessar's secret admirer Furiza! 
Then of course SuperTien disentegrates him because gay anime characters piss him off. 
Then SuperTien gets dragged to Washu's lab because Washu finds out he can go Super 
Saiya-Jin, & all the other Super Saiya-Jin forms & wants to run some "tests". 

	Then Kagato & Cell show up to ressurect Sakuya and infuse her with the abilities 
to go Super Saiya-Jin 5 and summon Light Hawk Wings. She blasts Nagi and Ken-Ohki 
(who had just appeared as well) into crispy critters, and this pisses Ryo-Ohki off so 
she attacks Sakuya with her strongest attack, but Sakuya deflects the blast into Washu's 
lab, pissing SuperTien off & forcing him to go Super Saiya-Jin 2 & destroy Sakuya, Cell, & Kagato. 

	SuperTien heads back to the lab to help Washu clean up, and closes the door just 
as EvilYugi comes in wanting SuperTien's autograph for destroying the bad guys. She looks 
for him but instead she finds Duo Maxwell and begins to "huggle" him.  This causes 
Aiko-chan to go ballistic and a long fight ensues between the two as all the guys 
look on and the remaining women and the TM! girls begin beating down on Sakuya's 
ashes again.  Then, as Aiko-chan is about to deliver the death blow, a blonde haired 
man runs through the lab, and the scream of "Dragonslave!" can be heard followed by a 
large explosion and a female mage with long red hair.  The explosion knocked out all the 
authors, and with no one to write the fic (even the ones that weren't watching the fight), 
so the responsibility fell on Chibi-Washu puppets A and B, and an SD-ed Gundam Deathscythe 
to finish the fic.  

Which they did, along with a moral:  
	Never huggle another woman's bishounen (especially Aiko-chan's)


Authors and their emails (in order of appearance):

~Brain~Wav~:  brainwav@penpen.com
SuperSailorMoon:  <not given>
Loner:  great_loner@hotmail.com
Icer626:  icer626@hotmail.com
SS2ChibiGoten:  ssjchibigoten7@aol.com
Aiko-chan:  minako-chan@sailorjupiter.com
Washuu Luvr:  ljvt@home.com
Suupa Piccorenksuu:  bgibbon@dragonslave.com
Zorpheus:  sumo_man@softhome.net 
Phenix:  phoenix_geek@yahoo.com
Zaph:  cherryburst@hotmail.com
Elessar:  greendragon_elessar@yahoo.com
The Clam:  clamman89@aol.com
SuperTien:  ussj4sage@gundammail.com
EvilYugi:  Yugi2001@hotmail.com

Visit http://forum.planetnamek.com/cgi-bin/forumdisplay.cgi?action=topics&forum=Tenchi+Muyo!&number=6 to get the low down on all of us authors.

PS:  Wedge, while not an author, is one of the Board's moderators.