I dont own Eminem or Tenchi Muyo. Pioneer owns Tenchi Muyo, and Eminem 
owns..themselves. Ok please review, this my first parody. (PS: Pioneer people, 
sorry for dissing you!!!) It's sung by the OAV Tenchi..just add Kiyone and 
Sakuya  in there for fun, k?

  May I have your Attention please?
  It has come to my knowing that there is a number of you Tenchi impersonaters.
  Well, guess what. There is only ONE Tenchi Masaki, and thats me!
  
   Y'all act like you never seen the Tenchi-ken before
   Jaws over the floor like Mom and Kain burst through the door
   Mom startin spankin his @$$ worse then before
   Using that Jurai power of hers, and makin him look like a stupid dork.
   It's the return of the..oh no wait, Azusa didnt just say what I think he did, 
did he?
   And Kagato said....nothing you kuso! Kagato's dead he disintegrated on the 
Souja!
   All the girls glomp Tenchi ,chika chika chika C'mere Tenchi! Let me seduce 
you! Yeah he's so cute too!
   Sometimes I wanna let loose but cant, but its cool for Ryoko to put Aeka in a 
noose
   The lighthawk wings are coming
   The lighthawk wings are coming
   And so is Mihoshi with a big gun, and now I'm runnin
    And that's the message that we deliver to little Mayuka
    And expect her not to know how to fire that Bazooka.
   Of course people know who that stupid Sakuya is
   They got all kinds of nicknames for her, like Suck-u-ya and other jists.
   So if Mihoshi dont smoke dope
   Then theres no reason why me and Ryoko can't elope
    And if you think your Tenchi Masaki I got the antidote
   I'll sick Misaki onto you, sing the chorus and it goes
  
    I'm Tenchi Masaki says all the great, Kami
    And I'll send all you fakers to get beaten on by Mommy
    So wont you bakas please sit down, please sit down,
    Cuz Im Tenchi Masaki says all the great Kami
    And I'll send all you impersonaters to get beaten on by Mommy
    So wont you bakas please sit down, please sit down.

    Tokimi don't got a Jurai lightsword. Well I do so, f*** her and f*** D3 too.
    You think I give a damn about Hotsmura?
    It's not like Ryoko liked him much anyway.
    The producers smoked to much crack, so now im forced to sit here, 
    Next to this stupid Sack-head queer.
    Kiyone and Mihoshi better switch me chairs so I can sit next to Ryoko and 
Aeka
    And here them argue about who's got better make-up
    Hey Sasami, can I have a cup of tea?
    Oops, I put too much sugar in this, tee-hee.
    I oughta sit in the hotsprings to cool off
    But then Aeka would come and piss me off
    With her extreme prissy-ness and "good manners"
    Doesn't she know none of that matters?
    I'm sick of all you little carrot theives, you merely annoy me
    So I have sent Mecha Ryo-oki here to destroy you.
    And there's no other who walks like me, makes lighthawk wings like me
    Acts so extremely wishy-washy like me, who can nosebleed, sweatdrop, and 
facefault like me.
    You might be second best, but your not quite me!

    I'm Tenchi Masaki says all the great, Kami
   And I'll send all you fakers to get beaten on by Mommy
   So wont you bakas please sit down, please sit down,
   Cuz Im Tenchi Masaki says all the great Kami
   And I'll send all you impersonaters to get beaten on by Mommy
   So wont you bakas please sit down, please sit down.

    I'm like a head trip to watch in everyday life
    Coz seeing it all makes most other teens cower in fright
    The only difference is I got the extreme stupidness to
    Sit through it all and get on with life like nothin happened at all.
    And it's funny, coz at the rate I'm going I'll be the only unstable 17-teen 
year old in the nursing home
    From glomp accidents with 20 different broken bones.
    And in the darkness I may be hiding
    And there I'm trying to decide
    Which one I will finally chose.
    Well now I know so you can find me circlin screamin
     It's Ryoko! Aeka I dont give a f***
    About your Jurian needs and costums, so just shutup.
     I'm the real Tenchi Masaki
     The one true and now FREE Masaki
      And now I'M standin up, 
     So just sit your butt back down in that chair, before I get Tsunami to come 
beat you up.
     Now, one last time loud has you can, who's the real Tenchi?

      I'm Tenchi Masaki says all the great, Kami
   And I'll send all you fakers to get beaten on by Mommy
   So wont you bakas please sit down, please sit down,
   Cuz Im Tenchi Masaki says all the great Kami
   And I'll send all you impersonaters to get beaten on by Mommy
   So wont you bakas please sit down, please sit down, please sit down.

Yeah. It's over..was that extremely disturbing? Yes? I thought so. Please review 
(Note to all you peeps that are reading the Ohayo Tenchi series, Episode 7 is 
still in the works....so cool it. It will be well worth it, don't let this peice 
of crap of a rap fool ya!)
REEVIEEWW!!!!
