                        `       Reality Bites:

        One day, Tenchi was walking back from  town.  Suddenly, he saw a
flash.  He didn't know where it came from, so he continued on his way.  As
he
walked on he  didn't encounter anymore then these flashes.When he reached
his
house tenchi saw Ryoko sitting on it's roof.  "What's up, Ryoko!", he
called.
 She grunted and flew away, then came back with a little animal that looked
like a black cat.  Ryoko flew down to tenchi.The cat began to talk in a
sensable tone,"Hello my name is Luna" it stated quite plainly .  " I come
from the a place not to near to here.  In fact, it about 30, trillion miles
away.  It is called the moon.  I came from a place with princess Neo  queen
Serenity." Tenchi stared blankly at first to "Luna" then to Ryoko."I don't
know what it's talking about I just picked it up near a pile of trash cans"
said Ryoko tonelessly."Oh" said tenchi.  Suddenly, the flash of light that
Tenchi had seen earlyier, came and stood before them.  It started to take
form.  A rose fell from the sky."uh whats going on"asked tenchi
dumbfounded.The light  slowly took the  form of none other then tuxedo mask!
"I need that cat back, now." said Tuxedo mask. "Or else!" he said. " Or else
what,creepo?!" asked Ryoko challengingly.  Tuxedo mask took a step towards
them and lifted his mask from his face."Well I guess your about to find
out"and at that tuxedo mask lept into the air and shot a rose towards Ryoko.
It landed right in Ryoko's hair, and she yelled," You masked bimbo! I'll get
you for this!" and at that, they leapt into the air and started to circle
around each other, feircly.  Ryoko formed her hands into a cupped shape and
shot a ball of fire toward tuxedo mask.Tux man dodged it just in time.
Then,
Tux man, took an aim at Ryoko with his cane and took off the top to reveal a
very sharp knife.  He aimed it, and Fired!  The knife jabbed Ryoko in the
cheek leaving a scar of blood slashed deep across her face.Ryoko then jumped
up and countinually punched him in the face.The fight then turned into a
hand
to hand,or knuckel to knuckel, combat.  Suddenly, Tenchi woke up.  It was
only a dream.  But then Ryoko came in and handed him an icepack, then he
noticed her scar. Ryoko flew out of the room leaving tenchi in a stunned
horror.

                                The End

          By:Cat@cleolucky@aol.com and kitty@krazykids@mindspring.com



