I don't know where this came from.  It just sort of came.
Continuity:  This happens in a sort of Nebulous ideal tenchi where the Manga,
Tv series and Oavs are all reasonably true.
Kinda.
Comments: Just a kind of nebulous meloncholy.

      Oh.  Hello mirror. Good morning to me.
      What am I doing?  Oh, nothing.  Just thinking. Fuhano-mama told me I
don’t do that often enough.
      So what am I thinking about this mourning?
      Why is it that it takes a spoilt brat so much to admit that she's wrong?
I know now, that had I never known Tenchi, and taken the throne of Jurai, It
would have been a great tragedy.  He taught me caring, understanding, and the
real meaning of love...
      I think I would be forever in his debt, if I had not simply lost all my
heart to him.
      Had I never known Ryoko, it would have been much worse.   She taught me
real respect, and taught me about real pain..what it is...and why one should
never trust those who deliberately cause pain...and why one must respect
those who are of lesser station....because they really aren't of lower
station at all.
      Tenchi may have taught me about compassion, but it was Ryoko who
taught me about responsibility.
      You laugh?  Then you still have to learn more of the lesson she taught
me.   Her responsibility is to her heart.
I have been horrible to her, and in some ways, still am.
      And she forgives me.
      SHE FORGIVES ME!
      I do not understand how someone who has been hurt that much can forgive
anything at all...
She would have given her life for me when Kagato...
And again when the pretender took Jurai.  And again with Yakage...
      She's been a lot of things, but she's not royalty.
      Pirate, Demoness, slave, madwoman...all that and more.
      Then, then I found out that...she really is above me, in a way.
Her mother is a goddess.
      I envy her that.   Not because of the power, no - I certainly don't
wish for any more power than I have, now.
      But she can understand Sasami in ways I never will.   She can share
things  with my sister, as she grows into Tsunami, that I will never
understand.
      I'm glad for that, though- no one should have to grow up without a
friend who understands....no one.
That's something she and I agree totally on.
       I look into the mirror, now, and see my self...
      Once upon a time I would have seen the flower of Jurai, the most
graceful, elegant, and regal being in the universe, poised, and
perfect...and now....I'm not sure what I see.
      I imagine I might see just a hint of regalness.   Maybe.  If I do, it's
something I've learned from my family here, not some leftover from what I was.
Some of the poise I once thought I had, perhaps, if I can even recognize
such a thing.
      I certainly couldn't when I was younger.
      Younger.
      It's so hard to believe that was little over a year ago that I came to
this world.  I feel as if it were a century.
      Enough thinking.  It’s time for Princess’s to be up and about.
      And I have apologies to make.  It will take a lot to swallow the
Pride of Jurai.
But I can do it.

Gamlain, transuniversal courier & Hero for rent Gamlain@airmail.net
Of course, my homepage is at

Http://www.geocities.com/Tokyo/Bay/8762/index.html
"Venus Love Me Chainsaw Masacre"

Gamlain, transuniversal courier & Hero for rent Gamlain@airmail.net
Of course, my homepage is at
Http://www.geocities.com/Tokyo/Bay/8762/index.html
"Venus Love Me Chainsaw Masacre"
