Rejected TM! timelines

Sakuya Misaki <tenchigirl@yahoo.com>


I wrote these a while ago. These are ones that I've
written, but I've got some others that I found on some
webpage and others that friends sent me. They're just
little short things. Who knows? You might get an FF
outta some of these! ^_^ (my favorite is the Ayeka
McBeal one ^_^) If anybody has anything like this,
please send it to me b/c I love these things.

Sakuya-sama ^_^ no Jurai

Three's Tenchi

Tenchi is a guy who is playing gay to his landlord,
Mr. Kitsuhito, so that he can stay with his two girl
roommates Mihoshi and Ayeka.

Tokyo Tenchibillies

Come and listen to a story about a man named Nobiyuki
He found some oil in his backyard while hunting, now
he and his kin, Washu (Granny),Tenchi (Jethro), and
Mihoshi (Elli May) with her critter cabbit/possum
Ryo-Ohki are moving to Tokyo to a big mansion from
their little pagoda in the hills, they put their money
in The First bank of Tokyo owned by Mr. Masaki
(Nobiyuki) and his secretary is Ms. Aeka (Hathaway).

Oh! My Tenchi

One day, college student, Tenchi Masaki, is left alone
at his dormitory to answer the telephone. He starts to
get hungry and wants to order take-out. Somehow he
reaches the Alien Princess Office by mistake. The
sweet alien princess Ayekadandy is sent to grant him
one wish and ends up staying with him forever. She is
closely followed by her older and sexy sister Ryokurd,
who tries to aid the two in their relationship, and
her cute younger sister Skuldami, who is trying to
whop all the cabbit bugs with her mallot.

Galaxy Police in Black

Agents K and M (Kiyone and Mihoshi) protect earth from
the space pirates and evil aliens trying to destroy
the earth while Washu, the head of the GPiB, creates
new guns and things for this purpose. They are often
aided by their car, the Yagami.

Ayeka: Warrior Princess

Ayeka Warrior Princess defeats the evil pirate, and
Ayeka's childhood rival, Ryoko, dragons, and gods out
to destroy her in a mythological Japanese setting with
the help of her adorable side-kick, Sasami. They are
sometimes joined by their handsome, hunky, and
demi-jurian friend, Tenchules, wielding the legendary
Sword Tenchi.

Tenchi Gump

Life really is a box of chocolates for Tenchi Gump. In
this heart-warming film, a simple man tells his tales
of the army, playing ping-pong, running across Japan,
becoming a multi-billionaire in the shrimp business,
his "magic shoes", and Ryoko, his childhood sweetheart
whom later dies after telling Tenchi of his daughter
named Sasami.

I Dream of Ryoko

One day, astronaut Tenchi Masaki finds a mysterious
cave with a bottle inside. He rubs the bottle and out
pops the demoness Ryoko who thanks Tenchi for freeing
her and promises him some wishes. She hangs around him
and tries to give him what he wants, but something
always gets messed up when Ryoko's on the job!

MISSION: Really Impossible

Mihoshi...a super spy?! Enough said!!!

Three Men and a Cabbit

What will three bachelors, Tenchi, Yosho, and
Nobiyuki, living in a Tokyo apartment do when they
find an orphaned cabbit on their doorstep?

The J (Jurain) Files

Tenchi Mullder and Ayeka Skully are two FBI agents who
are on the look out for extraterrestrial beings and to
discover the unknown.

Spice Universe

Join the Space Spice Chicks, Ryoko "Scary Spice",
Ayeka "Bossy Spice", Sasami "Baby Spice", Mihoshi
"Ditzy Spice", Kiyone "Sporty Spice", Washu "Genius
Spice", and Ryo-Ohki "Furry Spice" (who also turns
into a tour bus), as they tour Tokyo singing their hit
songs like "Tenchi's what I want, What I Really,
Really Want" (Wannabe) and "Better Give Up on Him
'Cause He's Mine" (Never Give Up on the Good Times).

Ayeka McBeal

Ayeka McBeal is an attorney in the city, always
looking for love. She quits her old job because of
sexual harassment. Then she moves in with her friend,
the district attorney, Kiyone, and gets hired in
another firm working for Nobiyuki. There she also
finds a nosey and ditzy blonde who is into everyone's
business, Mihoshi, a somewhat older and more
experienced lawyer, Yosho, and her old flame from high
school, Tenchi, who is now married. To make matters
worse, Tenchi's wife, Ryoko, comes to work at the same
firm. Sometimes, Ayeka sees a small furry creature,
Ryo-ohki, dancing to "Hooked on a Feeling" wearing a
diaper. Kiyone suggests she get psychiatric help, so
she seeks the aid of the loony psychiatrist, Washu,
who suggests that she gets her own puppets to praise
her and keeps telling her to give up on Tenchi.

MultiTenchity

Washu has developed a method of cloning. Tenchi
reflects on his stressful life and decides that a
couple more Tenchis might be a good idea so he gives
it a try. Now, each of the girls has their own Tenchi.
There's enough Tenchi to go around and all of the
girls can marry Tenchi.

Gun Smith Cabbits

Kiyone Vincent, the gun-toting bounty hunter, and her
partner Mihoshi May Hopkins, a bomb-nut, own the Gun
Smith Cabbits shop in downtown Chicago. Tenchi
Collins, the rebel cop from the ATF, blackmails them
into helping him bust a gun smuggling operation for
him. Pretty soon, they are the target of Ryokonov, the
hired killer from Russia. Through the help of Ayeka
Farah, their journalist friend, they are able to find
out that Kagato Haints, a candidate for mayor who was
campaigning to ban guns, is actually in charge of the
whole operation.

Tenchi: Demon Slayer

Tenchi Masaki is a normal Japanese teenager... or so
he thinks.... One day he discovers that he is the next
generation in a long line of demon slayers and he must
protect the world from being overcome by demons, but
what will Tenchi do when he falls in love with the
mysterious demoness, Ryoko?

=====