When we last saw the USS Brian Drummond and its crew, none of whom are owned 
by me and are being used without permission; please don't sue as I'm not 
making any money on this and it's out of love for the characters, Prince 
Vegeta had commandeered the ship with the aid of Rei Ayanami and dragged 
Bryan, Zechs and Ryoko to the brig.
With his new crew, including the infamous Doctor Victor Von Doom, Clerks 
Dante and Randal, and the ever-popular Jay and Silent Bob, the future of 
MSTs seemed dark indeed.
However, the JEDRI, piloted by Bryan's lover, the ever beautiful (Glyph: 
Thanks for the flattery. REBB: [gagging sound]) Glyph Bellchime, had come to 
the aid of the captive captain.

On the Bridge of the Drummond:
Rei: JEDRI confirmed. They're decloaking off of our port bow.
Vegeta: Alright Zod, what sort of defenses have we got?
Zod: What makes you think I'm telling you?
Vegeta: Oh? You want me to flash fry you, then?
Zod: [sweatdrop]  When you put it that way...

In the brig:
Zechs: That torpedo blast could mean we're saved.
Bryan: Yeah, well, unless Vegeta activates the enhanced defenses.
Ryoko: The what?
Bryan: Well, aside from having Star Trek based weaponry, I also included a 
dimensional shield, a reflex barrier, and some of the sweepers Glyph left 
behind have been converted as a security detail. There are robo-spiders that 
have web nets and there are robo scorpions that have tranquilizer tipped 
tails. Oh, and the internal lasers. We have internal lasers now.
Zechs: And you were going to tell us about this... when?
Bryan: Are you kidding? They were MEANT for you guys. Y'know, in case you 
tried to bail on an MST.
Ryoko: When we get out of this, remind me to kill you later.
Bryan: Hey, Zechs, we could get out like in that episode "A Taste of 
Armageddon" from original Trek. You use your Vulcan mind meld to lure the 
guard inside, and Ryoko and I will jump him.
Zechs: Great, except for a couple of details. One, I can't use the mind 
meld. Two, there's no guard.
>From somewhere close, a voice muttered...
Glyph: Well, I can thank the Heavens for that.
Ryoko and Bryan: Glyph!
Zechs: Captain Bellchime! [They notice behind her Ukyo and Cypher. The 
changeling brandished what looked like a phaserifle, but with a strange 
scope. He had on his usual communications equipment, as Glyph as Ukyo wore 
theirs.  Both girls were dressed on muted colors. Cypher wore black.]
Glyph: Shh, guys... Bryan-love, what's the code on this thing?
[All at once]
Bryan: It's...
Ryoko: [controlling her urge to snort] Bryan-LOVE?
Zechs: Hey, where's...
Ukyo: (whispering) Come on, they're bound to notice Andrew's flight pattern 
soon!
Glyph: (Hissing, just barely keeping it a whisper.) WILL ALL OF YOU SHUT UP! 
(silence) Now, what is the code to get the force field down?
Bryan: The code is zero zero zero destruct zero. It's the final part of the 
destruct sequence for the original Enterprise as seen in both the classic 
episode "Then Let That be Your Last Battlefield" and Star Trek III: The 
Search for Spock.
[Glyph types it in. The light fizzles for a minute, as the captives make a 
mad scramble through the hole.]
Zechs: Okay, now that we're loose, where's Washu and REBB? Wasn't she able 
to transport any of us through the shields?
Glyph: Bluntly, no. SOMEbody modified these things so any bio-signatures are 
masked. Washu managed to get her and us in, but not out! That's why Andrew's 
playing hide-and-seek. We need to head to the main docking bay.  Those two 
are gonna provide some distractions to buy him and us some time. Marie is 
also gathering help.
Cypher: (blunt) Let's go.  I wanna get this done...
Ryoko: Cypher, I could just about kiss you!
Cypher: ... so I can get back to my on-line Chess game with Hotstuff4!
[Captives facefault]

Meanwhile, Randal went to the kitchen to make himself a sandwich without the 
others. The Drummond kitchen was actually quite spacious. He started in with 
the fixings.
Voice: Pardon me, do you have any cheap yellow mustard?
Randal: Yeah, sure.
Randal handed it over without so much as a thought.
Then the thought hit him.
He glanced where the voice had come from. They, however, were gone.
He looked down. So was his sandwich!

On the bridge of the Drummond:
Vegeta: Rei, put me on hailing frequency.
Rei: Done.
Vegeta: To the JEDRI, you may think your cloaking device is keeping you 
safe. I guess you've all forgotten that I can sense ki across light years, 
if need be. I know exactly where you are, and my good friend Doctor Doom can 
use that information to atomize you. Now, if you dock and disarm, we might 
spare you.

On the JEDRI:
Andrew: He's bluffing.
Vegeta: [on speakers] I'm not bluffing. Rei, transport at these coordinates.
Pathos let out a yelp before the transporter whisked him away. Andrew raced 
to his spot a little too late.
Andrew: Shit!

Then the cat boy found himself next to someone he didn't particularly like. 
Defensive, he drew not only his claws, but also the dagger he carried.
Pathos: Growllllllllnnnnnnnnnnnnn!
Doom caught Pathos's hand easily. The boy really didn't have a chance.

Soon, every monitor on the Drummond lit up.
Doom: Captain Bellchime, this is Doctor Victor Von Doom. You and your 
compatriots will surrender to us. We should warn you that we have one of 
your number captive.
Glyph and the others halt, and near the closest monitor.
Doom: I know you can see us, Miss Bellchime and Mr. Weber. And I think you 
will recognize my captive.
Pathos: Glyphffffffftt! Not do what he say! Moawer...

Bryan: (groaning) Pathos...
Doom: To save your friend, assemble at the theater. Don't and the boy dies.
The Jedri crew groaned.
Ukyo: Doom, you {Ukyo's dialog has been censored for those of you with weak 
constitutions. Thank you.}
Doom: Now, now, no need to be uncivil...
Jay: Whoa, hot mama!
[Ukyo suddenly smashes the monitor with a spatula dart.]
Silent Bob: Ouch.

Bryan: Thanks a lot, Ukyo! Now I have the monitor to repair!
Glyph: [crossing arms] So now what do we do?
Cypher: [banging his phaser rifle in his hand] Well, we can't leave Kitten 
there hanging, and I know Doom-shroom there isn't gonna like us storming in.
Bryan: We'd just better do what he says... for now.


The crews of the Drummond and the JEDRI paused at the Drummond's theater, 
before being disarmed and shoved in by the usurpers.
The door shut behind them.
Ryoko groaned, as the others sat down. Glyph sat down by Bryan, and rubbed a 
comforting hand through his hair.
Glyph: Don't worry, Mew, Andrew, and Marie are resourceful. And we're all 
here.
Bryan: Zechs slipped away, too. If they can join up, we might have a chance.
Soon they all grew bored from waiting, until that certain voice spoke.
Vegeta: [on speakers] I've locked you all in the worst possible fic I could 
find, a lemon written by an eleven year old.
Bryan: Wait, if an eleven-year-old isn't supposed to be reading lemons, why 
are they allowed to post them?
Ukyo: Don't think about it. It'll only hurt your head.
Doom: And harbor no illusion of escape, either. I have enhanced the theater 
to hold all of you in, no matter what you and your super-science are capable 
of...Washu-chan.
Washu: He...he got it right! ^_^
Glyph: Washu, now is most definitely NOT the time.
REBB: Don't worry, guys.  He's never dealt with ALL of us.
Bryan: Computer, code NX-2000. That's the Excelsior's registry from Star 
Trek III, by the way.
Cypher: (sighing) Can we can the trivia?
Glyph: Will it get us out of here?
Bryan: Nope. No way out of the theater once a fic starts.
[The pair of seats dissolve, and are replaced by a Love seat with a big 
comfy blanket on it.]
Bryan: I programmed in some accommodations for if you ever visited, 
Glyph-hime.
Glyph: Nice. [She brings the blanket over her shoulders, and leans into his 
shoulder.]
Ryoko: Hey, the fic is starting!
Cypher: (snotty kid) We knowww!


                      >Tenchi Muyo! meets Dragonball Z/GT
		             Washuu Hakubi's Time Machine
                      *Torankusu and Goten's First Love*

Ukyo: Care to pick one title and stick to it? Please! Hmm...?
Bryan: This isn't going to be a yaoi DBZ fic, is it?
Glyph: Ewwww! I hope not!

>~Disclaimer: All Dragonball Z/GTcharacters belong to Akira Toryama and/or 
>Toei
Animation. All Tenchi Muyo! characters
belong to Pioneer. No characters here belong to me. The story and the ideas 
do.

REBB: I wondered what that smell was...

If you are here, very immature to handle any lemony elements,

Ryoko: Even more immature to write them, yes.

please do not read
this. This is only for people who are highly
very mature people who can handle lemon Fan Fiction. Enjoy....! ^.^

>STOMP, STOMP<
All the Jedri crew:  (badly dubbed) Ahh! GODZILLA!
Glyph: Very bad dub right now!
Drummond crew: (also very badly dubbed) What happened? What the heck is 
this?
REBB: (low key) Oh, so it is working...
Bryan: [out of the seat, normal] WHAT is working?
REBB: Glyph authorized me to hook up the improbability drive to your 
theater.
Bryan: You did WHAT?
REBB: Hooked up a copy of the improbability drive to the theater. It'll just 
be like doing an MST in our theater is all. Us on the Jedri are used to it.
Glyph: You mean to tell me that ours has the drive hooked into as well?
REBB: You mean you haven't noticed?!
Bryan: That'll mean anything can and will happen here!
Glyph: Well, it sounded like a good idea at the time.
REBB: We just thought that THEY would be in here, not US!

	>One fine day at Okayama, Japan... Sasami was cooking the crew the food...
Ryouko and Aeka fighting as usual...

Ryoko: Our names were misspelled, as usual.
Glyph: Maybe not, Ryoko-chan, I think that it might be where the person 
learned-ahem-loosely-English. I had seen that for Great Britain, spelling 
anything with an "O" is always followed with a "U", it's also done with 
Ukyo(u) and Ryo(u)ga  and labouring -though as to why the "Y" is missing 
from Ayeka, I don't know.
Ryoko: Y'know, Glyph, that's realllllllly fascinating...NOT.
Glyph: (grumble) It's just a thought...

>Washuu in her lab making something..

Bryan: (as Shampoo) Washuu doing something. We run now, yes?
Ukyo: The bad part is, she actually said that once!
Bryan: Washu? Comments?
Washu: Just because I wanted to help in the restaurant and bring in some 
more customers, mainly from other planets...
Bryan: I get the picture, Washu-chan.

 >Mihoshi and Kiyone playing video games..
Tenchi watching t.v... Nobuyuki
Yosho watching t.v. as well...

Cypher: And author can't help speaking in lousy sentences!
REBB: Cypher, this joke has been pulled enough! You can quit now!

>*Sasami* "Breakfast is ready!"

*Everyone* "Sankyuu, Sasami-chan!"

Bryan: OK, this is it. THIS is where I draw the line. It's one thing to put 
Japanese words into English fics to show off your knowledge of the language, 
but to put ethnic pronunciations based on hiragana characters in an English 
fic, that's overdoing it! Toriyama actually has the name written as Trunks 
in Romanji characters, not Torankusu! So say "Arigato" or "Thank you", not 
"Sankyuu".
Cypher: Hey, you sound like a bad Samurai film dub.
Ryoko: Hiragana, katakana, and kanji are dangerous in the hands of 
pretentious authors.
Glyph: No kidding!
Washu: At least, you two know the difference and use accordingly.


>*Sasami* "Heh.. Gosh you guys.. It's actully my everyday job!

Ryoko: Too bad spelling isn't the author's.

>::giggles:: You
forgot already?"

Ukyo: I forgot...what are we doing in here again?
[All look at Bryan menacingly, except for Glyph, who looked elsewhere]
Bryan: Whaaaaaaaaaaaat! I'm not the one who mutinied.
Cypher: Yeah, but you let it happen...

>*Kiyone* "I guess airhead forgot! ::smirk::"

Ryoko: Is she saying "Smirk", or is she just smirking?
Bryan: Well, "smirk" is in quotes, so...

>*Mihoshi* "::sweatdrop:: Heey!!! =/ Let's just eat..."

	                          {KAb00m!!!!}

Everyone: WASHU!!
Washu:(as Ranma) I'm tellin' you, I didn't do nothin'.
Cypher: You sure, Washu-sama?
>BOP<
Washu: Washu-chan, my adorable silly putty.
Cypher: You're married and had a kid. If I'm reading the Japanese right, 
that makes you  -Sama!
Washu: [exasperated] Several millennia ago.
Cypher: Wouldn't that make you Obasama?
>WHAM!!!!!!!<
{For those of you who are curious as to what just happened, please don't 
ask. It's way too complicated to explain here.}


	>As everyone starts eating,  they hear an awful corruption outside.

Bryan: You mean they actually HEARD the author get a hold of the English 
language?

>Everyone ran outside and there they
found.. A little kid with a funny looking hair-do..Goten-san and his best 
friend
with a bowl-cut lavender hair,
Torankusu.

Ryoko: Better known to the civilized world as Trunks.
Glyph: I have heard too many jokes about his brother being called "Bathing 
Suit", so don't go there!
Bryan: That's not so bad as realizing that his sister's name really is 
"Bra".

>*Torankusu* "Goten!! You fool! How many times have you crash?

Bryan: (as Shampoo) You no fly. You crash often. Bad Goten.
Ukyo: Bryan, will you not do that? She gives me enough of a headache without 
you copying her.

>....Let me fly
next time...."

*Goten* "::sweatdrop:: Well, it's not my fault your mom put an airbag!"

Ryoko: (whispering to Ukyo) I thought his mom WAS an airbag.
Ukyo: (snort) Phtpht!

	Those 2 kids continue arguing..........

>*Tenchi* "Okay... Who are you 2?"

Washu: (sarcastic)  Oh, goody, this author knows how to count!

>*Goten* "I'm Son Goten! I'm 7-yrs. old...  And this is-..."

*Torankusu* "::pushes Goten aside::

Bryan: Again in quotes, so obviously, he was saying it aloud. How many 
people actually narrate their own actions?
Ryoko: Well, there was that big purple guy on MTV. What was his name again? 
Oh yeah, The Maxx.
REBB: You don't wanna know.

I'm Torankusu Burifu,

Ryoko: AKA, Trunks Briefs.

the great! Son of the
genius Buruma Burifu Bejita

Ryoko: Better known as Bulma Briefs.
Cypher: Trunks was born with a silver spoon in his mouth...
REBB: Well, he needs to learn to take it out when he talks!

and the Saiya-Jin Prince, Bejita Burifu!

Bryan: Also known as the rat responsible for our being here.
Ryoko: When did Vegeta add on Bulma's family name to his own?
Glyph: Korean custom, I think... Anyway, this group mentioned it in one of 
their reports for "Diversity in Learning" class. You take the mother's 
family name, not the father's.
Ryoko: [yawn] Quite the cultural expert, aren't you.
Glyph: No, that's Cypher's hobby.
Bryan: Ryoko, be nice. She's on our side, remember?


I'm 8-yrs.
old!"

*Goten* "Whoooo! I'll give you an applause for that! ::whistle:: Whoooooo
oohhhhh!"

Bryan: (to Glyph) This kid is laying it on thick, ain't he?
Glyph: (to Bryan) Like the way a five-year-old likes peanut butter and 
jelly.

*Torankusu* "(). ... Ruuuighttttt..."

*Aeka* "Okay, well, I guess that explains enough!"

Bryan and Glyph: [looking at each other] No kidding!

*Everyone* "Hai!"

Ukyo: Author, that means "Yes", not "Hello".

*Sasami* "Hehehe.. I'm also 8!"

Bryan: And somehow, she manages to be more mature than most of the cast of 
the show.
Ryoko: I heard that with my bad ear.
Washu: Oh? Do you want me to fix it for you?
Glyph: [groan]

>*Torankusu* "Really?"

*Sasami* "Yeah! ^.^;; You wanna come eat with us?"

*Goten* "Sure! We're starvin'!"

Bryan: Never invite a Saiya-jin to dinner.


	Torankusu glares at Sasami.

Ryoko: Sheesh. As hostile as his old man, isn't he.


.. He then has a sudden crush on her.

Bryan: [cuddling with Glyph] Glaring at her ain't the way to win her heart. 
Right Honey? >SMOOCH<
Rest of the group: GET A ROOM, YOU TWO!
Bryan: Technically, it's my ship, so this IS my room.
Ukyo: [holding spatula at a threatening angle] Yeah, but either watch the 
fic or find someplace else!
Glyph: Oh, sit down, Ukyo-hon.

=Torankusu thinking:

REBB: Knowing his father that has to hurt.
Cypher: REBB, he's listening in. Are you trying to get us killed?
REBB: Well, it would put us out of our misery then, wouldn't it?
Vegeta: [on speakers] I have more imagination that that, robot. And be nice 
to my son, or I'll have my wife convert you to a toaster oven.
REBB: I'D LIKE TO SEE HER TRY!

-Aww, those
beautiful eyes, those smooth legs.. Her wonderful beautiful hair, her kawaii
darling looks....!

Ryoko: Kid, you're starting to think dangerously like Jeff. And we all know 
what happened to him.
Bryan: OK, so the Saiya-jin Prince isn't all bad.
Ukyo: You're kidding, right?
Bryan: Nah. Look, Vegeta's just blowing off some steam. If he really were 
serious about this, he would have already vaporized me.
Ryoko: I wondered how you stayed so calm.
Bryan: Doesn't do me any good to mouth off to him when I'm no match for him.
Cypher: And what about his new crew?
Bryan: Dante, Randall, Jay, and Bob are all harmless.
Glyph: And Doctor Doom?
Bryan: [sweatdrop] That'll need some work.

MEANWHILE, OUTSIDE THE MST:

Andrew and Marie were walking down the halls of the Drummond, Mew flying in 
the corridor behind them. They encountered Zechs at the entrance to the 
shuttle bay where the JEDRI was docked.

Andrew: Boy, am I glad we found you. You're the only real tactician here at 
the moment.
Zechs: Well, I've got a plan, but we've got to get past Dr. Doom and Vegeta 
to make it work.

Just then, a panel in the wall ahead of them slid open, and a barrage of 
laser fire poured out. Zechs, Andrew, and Mew took cover in one of the 
hatchways, while Marie just stood in front of the blasts. The laser energy 
bounced harmlessly off of her.

Marie: That tickles.
Zechs[smiling] : This might not be so hard after all.

BACK IN THE MST:

And gosh!
We're also the same age!!! =D-: ||!i~::record scratch::~i!||

Bryan: Record scratch?
REBB: They're still using records?

*Goten* "HEY TORANKUSU! QUIT DROOLING MAN! LET'S EAT!"

Ryoko: Oh yeah, that's subtle.
Bryan: Not unlike you, right Ryoko?
Ryoko: [draws sword] Don't make me regret backing you.
REBB: While you're there, add a front to him, too.
Glyph: REEEEEEEEEEBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB!
REBB: What was wrong with that one?


*Torankusu* "Uhh.. Okay, sure... !"

			-------The kitchen/Eating Table-------

Cypher: And I thought I had seen sudden scene changes before...

	"God, Sasami!(munch) You cook great! You're (munch)equal to my mom..

Bryan: As fast as he eats, I'm surprised he even tastes the food.
Glyph: Like my break time.

Gosh,
I bet when you get to her
age, (munch)You'll cook even better! ^.^"said Goten, eating as he speaks.
"Well, ::giggle:: I'm glad you like it...!"

Ryoko: Oh, great. Now the author has Sasami narrating her actions.

dearly said Sasami.

Bryan: That's a misplaced modifier, too.

Torankusu then said, "So Washuu... Uhmmm.... You said you
were working on this time machine,

Bryan: Not ANOTHER time-travel story!!!
Cypher: Well, it's including Trunks, why not?

right? How far will that bring us to?" Washuu suddenly said,"Well, it 
depends
how far you wanna go, right?"

Bryan: (singing) Back to the light! Back to the streets, that are paved with 
Gold!
Ryoko: What is that?
Bryan: "Back to the Light" by Brian May. Great song.
Ryoko: Oh. That was a song! For a moment I thought REBB was passing gas.
REBB: Nah. Silent but deadly is more my style.
[The Jedri crew pause with disgusted faces.]
Ukyo: Like we wanted to KNOW!

"Well,
uhmm.. yeah, I guess.."said Torankusu. "Well, there's your answer! ^^"said
Washuu. "Wow, Washuu!"said Toranksu.

Ukyo: This is starting to rhyme, and I have a headache.
Bryan: Fresh out of aspirin. Sorry.
Ukyo: Nevermind, the rest of the guys are making it worse.
Cypher and REBB: HEY!

"Yes! You may call me Otaku Washuu, Kinnshou Washuu, or Chibi Washuu...

Cypher: (to Washu) So this author is thinking you would liked to be called 
"Fan boy" Washu or "Cutely deformed" Washu.
Glyph: What's the middle one mean?
Cypher: Have no clue.
Bryan: If my universal translator is accurate, it means "little", or, more 
specifically, "insignificant."
Ryoko: Hey, what do you know? That describes you to a "T" Washu. ^_^
Washu: You two are three seconds away from becoming Kappa.
Glyph: I'd shut up now, both of you.  [She then sneaks a kiss across his 
lips for good measure.]

Whatever
seems great to you."said Washuu.
"Ehehehe... Okay, Otaku Washuu! Oh, and hey Washuu.... I WANT 10 YEARS!

REBB: In the state pen!

XD"

Glyph: What does "XD" stand for?
Bryan: If you turn it sideways, it looks a bit like the face REBB makes when 
he's trying to think.
[Suddenly, REBB reached out and took a swipe at the captain. The sound of 
cloth tearing is heard, but then there was a grunt as Glyph finds Bryan 
jumping into her lap. The side of the Loveseat where Bryan had once been 
sitting falls to the ground, but surprisingly the seat doesn't collapse.]
Glyph: Uh, why are we not falling down?
REBB: Must be the improbability drive keeping you up, since it shouldn't be 
happening.
Glyph: Bryan?
Bryan: Uh, yeah?
Glyph: I don't mind the closeness, love, but my arms are losing feeling. Can 
you...?
Bryan: Sure.
Glyph: By the way, I'd avoid those in the future.

preferred Torankusu.
"Okie, dokie! No problem! ^.~" snapped Washuu with a quick answer.
"Hey, Torankusu, wanna try it out? And maybe you can bring Goten with you or
something, huh?
Sounds cool? =P"offering Washuu to Torankusu. "Uhmm. Sure, okay!"

			-------Washuu's lab-------

	"WELCOME!! This is Washuu Hakubi's lab of Science and Technology!!"greeted
Washuu. "Yesssssssshhhhhhh!!!"said Goten.

Ryoko: Has Goten been drinking?
Cypher: Knowing them?
Glyph: Cypher, don't go there.

"Okay, Torankusu, you said you wanted Goten and you to go into the time
machine?" "Well, actully me.. But Goten can come, anyways.."
Said Torankusu... Goten was just here for the heck of it... "Okay, but I 
brought
a little guest with me.. You may know the
great awesome chef! Sasami Jurai Masaki!"greeted Washuu.

Bryan: I thought it was just Sasami Jurai. When did she add Masaki to her 
name?
Ukyo: The guy is mixing up his universes...I hope.

Torankusu's jaw
dropped...

Ryoko: Kid, you might want to pick that up.

He stared at her legs since she was
wearing a really short skirt.

Bryan: I thought they said Sasami, not Pretty Sammy.

Goten elbowed Torankusu, "Maaaaannnnn! Do you like
her or something?!"said Goten getting a little
suspicious...

Ryoko: I always thought that Goten was extremely suspicious.
Glyph: Nooooo, Goten is more like his parents, either very simpleminded, or 
very violent.

"Me? Oh heeeellllll no! *sigh* She's not the right girl for me.
Nuhhhhh-uh!" lied Torankusu.

Cypher: No. Really. He's telling the truth. She's NOT the right girl for 
him.

"Okay, you may make your
move!"said Washuu.

Bryan: I think that Trunks wants to open with a 'pass'.

Goten and Torankusu walked in nervously.

Ukyo: I don't blame them. It is one of Washu's devices.
Washu: E tu, Ucchan?
Ukyo: Nobody but Ran-chan is permitted to call me Ucchan.
Glyph: Hey, what about me?
Ukyo: Uhmmmmmmm. I'll think about it.

Well, mostly
Torankusu. "Sasami and I will be going too..."Washuu
and Sasami stepped also in.

Bryan: (News anchor) In a tragic story, the English language was found 
murdered today. Police say that they have reason to believe that it was an 
eleven-year-old pervert who perpetrated this heinous act.
REBB: (Jusenkyo Guide) Very tragic story...

Sasami stood by Torankusu. Torankusu blushed. He
felt her petite breast pushing against him.

Ryoko: All together now. 1, 2, 3...
All: Sasami doesn't have breasts yet, you idjit!

"Oooooooooooooohh"he said silently... -[ Torankusu thought: 'Aww shit! 
::stares
at her breast:: Ahh! I gottah touch those!' ]-

Ryoko: There's nothing there to touch!

"Running! T-Minus 10 seconds! 9! 8! 7! 6! 5! 4! 3! 2! 1! See you in the
future!"said Washuu...

			-------Future People......?-------

	>"Okay! That's it!"Washuu said. She was wearing a nice red belly shirt and
a yellow  headband. Her pink hair had purple
streaks. It was longer than ever. Her pants was baggy. She wore glasses that
fitted her well. Her shoes were black and blue.

Washu: Okay, why does this writer have my clothes as something crossed 
between eighties punk and sixties hippie? I have better taste than that!
Bryan: They why did Ryoko come out looking like that?
Washu and Ryoko: WHAT DID YOU MEAN BY THAT?!!
[Glyph sees a prudent route.] Glyph: [putting her hand on his shoulder] Uhm, 
Bryan-Love, I love you dearly, but I'm gonna move over a bit.

>Goten had his hair spiked. He wore a turquoise-long sleeved. His shirt had
yellow edged-trimmings. His pants were khakis.
He had white shoes with gray trimmings on it. Torankusu wore a brown trench 
coat
and wore a black long sleeved shirt inside.
He had a violet-blue bandana tied around his neck. He wore striped shorts. 
He he

Ryoko: Is there an echo in here?
Ukyo: Either that, or the author thought the way that he had dressed them 
was hilarious.

>had black socks and brown boots.
Sasami had her hair not pony-tailed anymore. It just hung out. She had a 
white
silky belly tanktop on that went with her really short skirt
that was the color of her hair. She wore boots that started from her knees 
all
the way down.

Bryan: Why is Sasami dressed like a hooker?
Glyph: Think about what type of story this is...
Bryan: Oh, yeah.

	-[ Torankusu thought: 'God damn she's fine... Awww!!! ::groaned::
Maaaannnnn! I really wanna get with her...
I gotta have a plan.. I look really dorky right now.

Ryoko: You can say that again.

. =/ God damn! Her breast is
so damn bigggg!

Bryan: I saw Tsunami. She was not what I call 'stacked'. She's beautiful, in 
an ethereal sort of way, but she's not Ryoko.
Ryoko: Tread lightly, Dork.
Glyph: Uhm, Bryan? Isn't the thing that you get the powers from shut off?
Bryan: ??? ...[beat] Oh, I forgot.
REBB: It's stupid to make comments like that when you don't got the power to 
back it up.
Bryan: [sweatdrop] (very small voice) glyph?
Glyph: [sighing] You did get yourself into it. (to Ryoko) Hey, take it as a 
compliment, honey. Some guys like a big bosom. And you are definitely a lot 
more popular than a certain spoiled princess is. Not that I will say it to 
her face.

Oooooh shit! ::stares at her breast

Cypher: Isn't it supposed to be plural?

and starts to drool::I can probably get Goten to hook my up since both 
Sasami
and Goten are good friends! Yeah, baybeeeeeh!' ]-

Bryan: Oh my God! Washu, your machine turned Trunks into Austin Powers!
Rest: [recoiling in disgust] AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

-[ Goten though: 'God damn! Washuu looks so damn cool!

Washu: Thank you! Thank very much!
Bryan: Weren't you just criticizing how you looked in this fic?
Washu: I take what I can get.

And oh gosh! She looks
better than ever! Wait.. Why am I like this?

Bryan: And now the author is saying that the awful outfit he put you in 
looks better than your usual look.

I never was... Aww well! OMFG! I forgot this was the future! =/ Since 
Torankusu
is good friends with Washuu, he can prolly

Ryoko: Hey, Washu, what's a "prolly"?
Washu: Call me Mom.
Glyph: And I think this author didn't check the spellchecker either!

hook
me up! YESHHHHHH!' ]-

Washu: Okay, kid, you're scaring me now.

	"So how was it?"said Sasami in a really sexy voice(for all you guys out
there).

REBB: Okay, she's eight...that's scary.
Bryan: On a positive side, as bad as this is, it's nowhere near as bad as a 
Tank Cop fic.
Vegeta: [on speakers] Don't count on it, twerp.

MEANWHILE, OUTSIDE THE MST:

Marie has casually disarmed all the lasers that the group has come across, 
unaffected by the deadly energy. They hadn't run into any opposition...until 
now.

Randal: Oh. Hi guys.

Andrew whispers to Zechs.
Andrew: Should we nab him?
Zechs: [shakes head] This guy's not a fighter. Watch this. Hey, Randal, 
what's up?
Randal: Not much. I was heading to the rec room. Vegeta and Doom are on the 
bridge if you want to talk to them.
Zechs: Thanks Randal.
Randal: No prob.

As they continue on, Zechs turns to Andrew.
Zechs: Alright. You and Marie get to SickBay and have Kasumi fix you up with 
the nanoprobes as a precaution. Mew and I will look for the device to 
activate them, and see if we can lower the opposition a bit. If you run into 
any trouble, just use the flashporter.
Andrew: Flashporter?
Zechs: It's an improved transporter Washu helped us with. She hasn't put it 
on the JEDRI yet, because she wasn't entirely sure it was safe. It'll take 
you anywhere on the ship in a hot second, without any of the delays of a 
regular transporter.

As Andrew and Marie head off to SickBay, Zechs and Mew wander down the hall.
Mew: Mew?
Zechs: Of course I'm sure.
Mew: Mew?
Zechs: Really sure.
Mew: Mew?
Zechs: Not THAT sure.

BACK IN THE MST:

Torankusu stutters as he tries to talk to her,
"I-It-It-Wa-Was-Was-Th-T-The-Bes-Best-Ev-Eve-Ever!! Yeshhhhhh!" said 
Torankusu.

Bryan: That kid can't hold his liquor.
REBB: And this is coming from you?
Bryan: ... ... ... ... ... ... ..

"Yeah, Goten... Heh.. I know, you feel
kinda strange, huh? Ahhh, you'll get used to it.." said Washuu. Torankusu 
and
Sasami were now 18, Goten was 17, and Washuu
was 22 years-old.

REBB: Okay, they could have mentioned that before!
Washu: HEY! I'm this way because I can change my age, you doofus of an 
author!
Bryan: Wait, I thought the object of a time-machine was to send people 
forward or back in time, not to age them.
Cypher: (as a ref) Fifteen year penalty for illegal use of a time machine to 
get around a pedophile lemon!

"Hey, Washuu.. What would you think the others would say if they saw us?"

Bryan: In those outfits? Think derisive laugher.
Glyph: Derisive?
Bryan: Like the laughs I get in the lunchroom.

asked Goten. "HmmmZ...I am not soo sure.
Torankusu? Sasami? Any ideas?" asked Washuu, also. "No... =/ " said, both
Torankusu and Sasami.

Ukyo: Okay, we know who she's talking to, the names don't need repeating.

"Hey! I have an idea! We should
just turn the whole world into 10 years!"

Glyph: That made no sense... [Crash of a glass vase could be heard in the 
background] Like that.
Bryan: This goes along with my "Logic in a Lemon" theory.
Cypher: Which is?
Bryan: There is none.
Washu: I concur.

said Washuu. "But wouldn't we be older
then? Like... 10 years older?" asked Goten, being
sorta smart...

Ryoko: Okay, what did you do with the real Goten?

"Ahaha! Goten!  I could fix that up... ^.^ " said Washuu with a
sudden answer. "Okie, dokie! Get back in the time
machine... We have a whole world to go forward!" said Washuu. They all step 
into
the time machine and then Washuu pushes the
button

Bryan: (to Glyph) You know, I have nightmares about her doing that.
Glyph: [nuzzling his ear] She's not that bad, once you get to know her. Just 
stroke her ego periodically and you stay on her good side for life. [She 
then gives a slight peck before settling next to him. Bryan makes a sound 
suspiciously similar to purring.]


. "Okay.. Here we go again! Everyone will stay the same age.. Especially
Tenchi, Mihoshi, Kiyone, Ryouko, Aeka, etc.!
G'bye you guys! See ya' in the future!" said Washuu quick as she can.

				-------The Future-------

	"Hmmm.. I don't really seem any different.. =/ " said Goten.

Bryan: True. You're still poorly written.

"Heh.. You
dumbass! ::lol:: Didn't you hear Washuu?
She said that she would just make the world the future.. Not the people in 
this
house.. Or lab.." Torankusu said, very confident that
he was right, and stuff..

REBB: You know it's bad when the characters can't make sense of themselves.

			          -------The Kitchen/Eating Table-------

	"Yo', Mihoshi!" said Washuu and Sasami.

Ukyo: And Mihoshi instigates the Saotome "Cling to the Ceiling" Technique.

"Hey!.... Washuu.. You look
different.. And you too, Sasami! =/ You also
you two guys..

Cypher: And another sentence bites the dust.
Glyph: (as Whoopi Goldberg) Give up the ghost, man!

Uhmm.. Torankusu and Goten..! ^.^ Hey, Torankusu! How old are
you?" said Kiya'-Kiya' Kiyone.

REBB: Sounds like someone's trying to sneeze.
Glyph: Or it's the name of a very bad song.
Bryan: (as Boy George) Kiya kiya kiya kiyone. She comes and goes. She comes 
and goooooooooes.
Glyph: Bryan, remember what happened when you kept doing your Ryoga 
impression in front of me?
Bryan: [smiling] Yeah.
Glyph: Imagine Ryoko doing that...
Bryan: [sweatdrop] Well, ladies and gents, that concludes our song and dance 
segment. I'm here all week.
Ryoko: Especially if Vegeta has his way, Ne?

"Uhhmm.. 18? Why is that?"asked Torankusu.

REBB: Why are you asking her when you're the one that knows?

"Ohhh, nothin'.... You just look
quite handsome for your age... =D" said Kiyone,

Glyph: A woman in her late twenties is making a pass at an eight-year-old. 
There is something missing here...
Bryan: Plausibility?
Glyph: Yeah.

without any embarassment. She was watching t.v... So she thought nobody 
actully
cared. =/ Mihoshi blushed
a bit when she looked at Goten. "Erhh-Uhh.. Hey Goten! ^.^ I like your 
hair!"
said Kiyone, a little bit nervous to talk to him.

Bryan: Kiyone or Mihoshi. Can we get it straight, please?
Ryoko: But it would be so unlike a lemon writer to do Mihoshi and Kiyone as 
straight.

"Heh, thanks! I like you too! I meaan!!! ::blushes:: I like your hair, 
too.."
said Goten... Goten and Mihoshi liked each other,
without a doubt...

Cypher: Oh, great, the brainless leading the brainless...
REBB: DON'T LET THEM BREED!
Cypher: In that one song, there are stupid people.
REBB: BUT NOT THAT LITERALLY!


	"Hey Goten! Do you like War God Police?"asked Mihoshi, with a smile on her
face. "Yeah! ^.^ I watch it every night!"
said Goten, answering Mihoshi's question. "Great! I can show you my 
collection
of the episodes I recorded! I recorded most of the
episodes of it!"

Ryoko: Where's Gai Daigohji when you really need him?
[Suddenly, in the background, the theme from Gekigengar III plays]
Bryan: The improbability drive again? Please tell me that's the 
improbability drive again, and not Gai. Anything but Gai.
Glyph: At least, it wasn't the Dragnet theme again.

said Mihoshi. "Really? Let's watch some!" said Goten. "Okie!
^.~" said Mihoshi. Mihoshi then went upstairs.

Cypher: Otaku-ism has just been elaborated.

Goten followed along. Mihoshi putted in a tape

Bryan: How does one putt in a tape?
Ryoko: Golf video?
REBB: You know why they call if golf, don't you?
Glyph: The sound of someone hacking a hairball.

of one episode of War God Police.
She then turned on the t.v. She then turned off the
lights. "Heh.. I turned off the lights so we can see the screen better. ^.^"
said Mihoshi, acting a little bit smarter than she is. "Okie,
dokie! ^.^" said Goten. --------------_30 minutes later(r)-------------- 
"Gosh,
was that a great episode!" said Mihoshi. "Yeah... Hey!
Let's watch one more!" said Goten. "Okay!" said Mihoshi. She putted in the 
tape.
They were both watching...

MEANWHILE, OUTSIDE THE MST:

Rei: Vegeta, what are you doing now?
Doom: Silence. Doom shall permit no dissension.
Rei looks at Doom with silent crimson eyes.
Rei: (flat) Has anyone ever told you that Hell hath no fury like a woman 
scorned? Well, that's nothing compared to an irritated Angel.
Vegeta: She means it, Doom. She may look like a fourteen-year-old 
schoolgirl, but she's actually as old as the universe itself.
Rei: TELL THE WHOLE WORLD WHY DON'T YOU! I'm going to the sickbay. I need an 
aspirin to put up with you two any longer.  Pathos, come with me, kitten. 
We'll have Kasumi-chan see if Doom-dork here bruised you any.

ELSEWHERE:

Zechs: You're sure we should be in the lab?
Mew: Mew Mew Mew!
Zechs: Alright. Alright. It was just a question.
Jay: Hey. What are youse guys doin' here?
Zechs: Jay, get out of the lab. Knowing you, you're going to get us all in 
trouble with the DEA.
Silent Bob: [nods]
Mew: Mew?
Jay: Hell, no. I know what those mushrooms do, man. I saw Ranma.
Mew: Mew, mew, mew mew mew?
Jay: Hey, how were we supposed to know that the dude in the bandanna was 
Ryoga?


BACK IN THE MST:


	While Mihoshi was busy eating popcorn and watching, Goten then slowly and
softly placed his hand on hers.
Mihoshi then looked down at her hand. Mihoshi looked directly into Goten's
eyes.. "Goten......?"said Mihoshi, softly. "Mihoshi......"

Glyph: No way are they gonna kiss...

said Goten... "THAT WAS A COOL PART!" they both say in unison. "YESH!" said
Goten. "Yup!" said Mihoshi.

Ryoko: Great call Glyph!

--------------episode finished-------------- "That was cool..." said 
Goten...
"Yup..! That's the best episode I actully have. Heh...." said
Mihoshi. "Goten... does Torankusu think you are clumsy at  times?" asked
Mihoshi.. "Yeah.. I feel bad sometimes when they
treat me like a stupid person.. Or they think I am dumb.. =/ "said Goten,

Cypher: Pftpht! Thinks?
Bryan: It could be worse. We could be dealing with Goten's father here. HE 
didn't even know what a woman was for the longest time.
Ukyo: To quote Shampoo, [hits forehead and holds her hand there] 
Ai-yaaaaaaa!
Bryan: Hey. I thought you told me to stop quoting her.
Ukyo: I'll let one more slide.

sadly.. "Same here.. Kiyone says I screw up alot...
She never told me if it was good or bad.. "

Ryoko: Here's a hint. Screwing up isn't a compliment!

said Mihoshi. They both looked
directly into each other's eyes. -=-And just to let you
know, Goten is slightly smarter than Mihoshi..

Bryan: I don't buy it. Goten was going to use his wish for a country of 
cakes and candies that he could never finish eating?
Ryoko: What's the problem?
Bryan: You've seen Vegeta eat. Tell me, just how big would that country have 
to be?
Ryoko: Eeeeeee.
Glyph: I don't know...Mihoshi has pulled some dumb stunts...
Cypher: Let's go for 50/50.


There is a weird age difference.
=/ -=- "Goten........"said Mihoshi softly...
"......Mihoshi...." said Goten, softly also. Mihoshi's eyes let out a small
tear... "What's wrong, Mihoshi...?" asked Goten, softly.
Mihoshi let out a soft kiss to Goten's cheek. "I'm sorry....." cried 
Mihoshi,
softly. "It's okae....." Goten said. Goten gave a
passionate kiss to Mihoshi. "Goten..!" said Mihoshi, quite surprised.

Glyph: (as Mihoshi) I can'tb breatheee...Wha ...Whoa!
Bryan: Goten, Goten, Goten. This is how you kiss. >SMOOCH< How was that, 
Princess?
Glyph: [sigh] Really, really, good, but I was making a joke!
Bryan: [smiles] Maybe, but I was making a move. ^_^

No one
ever liked or loved Mihoshi, really.. "I'm sorry...
I just never had someone kissed me before.."said Mihoshi.

Bryan: Vegeta, when I get out of here, I'm gonna force you to MST Aijan Muyo 
or Washu's Torture Chamber for this utter lack of grammar that we're being 
subjected to.
Vegeta: [on speakers] Yeah, yeah. And if wishes were horses, they'd all have 
wings.
Glyph: Trend lightly, Vegeta, our first crossover is a pun on that!

"Sorry... I think I
should have not done that...." said Goten, a bit worried.

Ukyo: Like this author shouldn't have wrote this story.


Mihoshi then suddenly gave Goten a kiss.. "Mihoshi?? Wh-WHY??!! I thought 
you
never liked me! =/ "said Goten.

Bryan: THEN WHY THE HELL DID YOU KISS HER, DUMBASS!? [sigh]
Glyph: Bryan-hon, it's the same reason my parents do, to get some nookie, 
okay?
Cypher: This is a Lemon, remember.

Mihoshi
suddenly said, "Hmmm? Why did you think I gave you that kiss, eh Goten? 
o.o;" "I
dunno.. =P" said Goten. "Hey, I think Sasami
cooked something!

Bryan: It couldn't be. That would be in character.

You wanna eat? I'm starvin'!"

Ryoko: (as Cartman) No, Starvin' Marvin, that's my pot pie!

said Goten. Mihoshi and Goten
ran downstairs. "Mmmmmmmm!! Miso soup!
My favorite!!" They both said in unison. "Last one to the table is a rotten
eggy!"yelled Goten.

Glyph: [sigh] Why does this sound like dinner with my cousins?
Bryan: Eggy? Only five-year-olds say eggy.
Glyph: Just watch, hon...Not even five-year-olds say eggy.


Goten and Torankusu both used
their Zenzoken


Ryoko: Please! There are ladies present!
Ukyo: And Ryoko.
Ryoko: Like you can talk, Miss "I went to an all boy school."
Ukyo: Your point? [beat] I mean, take a look at Tsubasa!
Ryoko: Not unless I have to.
Glyph: You must have run into him, didn't you?
Bryan: She had a close encounter at the slumber party.
Ryoko:[shudder]

"I got here first!"said Goten. "No!! I did!"said Torankusu. "I
did!!!" said Torankusu "Nuuuhh! I DID!!!"
yelled Goten. "Damn!! XD You guys still do that?! And you're like... 18 or 
17!
Geeze! Grow up.. " said Kiyone.

Glyph: Yep, definitely sounds like dinner with my cousins.
Bryan: Cousins nothing. That sounds like dinner at my house.

"Ooops..."
Torankusu and Goten said in unison. "Hey, Mihoshi.. Do you mind passing the
rice?"

Washu: Mihoshi and mind do not go together in the same sentence, if you know 
what I mean.

said Goten munching on his food.
"Okay." said Mihoshi, also munching on the food. She then passes the rice to
Goten. "Sankyuu!!"

Bryan: What did I say about that?

said Goten. Torankusu then sorta
looked at Sasami. -: Gee... I don't know.. Should I ask her out? Will she 
slap
me or something?

Bryan: We're hoping.

Gosh... And the way she eats!
She looks so damn cute! Gosh.. She would never like me... What about Washuu?
Naahhh, I don't think so...

Washu: Like this author should have on this story.

||!i~::record scratch::~i!||

REBB: Okay, that's starting to hurt!
Vegeta: [on speakers] AH HA! So that's your weakness.
REBB: Nope... Just annoying. I'm a masochist, remember?
Vegeta: [a grin in his voice] I'll have to put that to the test later.

"Damn, Torankusu! You do like her!" said Goten,

Washu: Not that it's under wraps.

placing a bowl underneath his chin. "Dude, would you
just lay off my business?" said Torankusu, a little angry.

Bryan: This is like watching an episode of Moonlighting....after Bruce 
Willis got smacked in the head with a brick.
Glyph: Never saw that show, but I get the reference.

"Woohoo! That means
you really do like her! 'Cause look! I have all your
drool here in this bowl!

All: Eeeeewwwwww.


Hah!" said Goten, getting a little bit suspicious.
"AHH! FINE!" yelled Torankusu. "Ok... FINE! =P "
said Goten. "::ehem:: Sasami!!!" said Torankusu. "Yeah? You asked?" said 
Sasami,
with a really sweet voice. -: Crap, she's never
going to like me.. If I ask her out in public.. Everyone will laugh and then 
I
will be humiliated by everyone in the Masaki Shrine!:-

Bryan: Geez, Vegeta. He doesn't even have your arrogant self-confidence.
Vegeta: [on speakers] You want me to come down there?
Bryan: You and what army?
Vegeta: I AM an army!
Ukyo: Just give me back my battle spatula, and you are gonna wish you had 
some reserves!

"Uhh.. I'll tell you later.. Let's meet in your room."

Bryan: Uh huh. That's not suspect at all.
Ryoko: (as fic Ryoko) So, what are you two gonna do up in Sasami's room? A 
little of this, that, and the other? Remember, Ayeka will be up in a few 
minutes too, so you'd better make it quick.
Cypher: How fast do those guys move anyway?
Bryan: Ryoko, Cypher, you're not helping this any.
Glyph: Ditto!

said Torankusu, munching
on his food. "Okay. Ooh, damn, I'm finished.. Okay,
I'll just watch some t.v. in my room. I'll wait." said Sasami. "Okay." said
Torankusu.

	Torankusu then finished his food, yet, he was really desperate to reveal
his true feelings for Sasami.
Torankusu then ran upstairs to Sasami's room. "Sasami?" said Torankusu.
"Yeah, I'm here!" said Sasami, raising her hand behind her really tall sofa.

Glyph: Okay, when did the girls separate rooms?

"Have a seat right next to me. There's enough room for
the 2 of us, you know. Please close the door, too." said Sasami.

Bryan: Gee. It's almost like she read the script.

Torankusu
closed the door, then sat by Sasami. "Sasami, do you
mind turning off the t.v.?"said Torankusu, softly. "Okay... The show was 
kinda
boring too.. =P

Ukyo: Enough with the emoticons!
Bryan: But you can never have enough emoticons, Ukyo-kiddo. ^_^ ^.^ 0_0 6_6 
~_^ *_*
Ryoko: One more, and I'm going to emoticon your ass back to the dawn of 
time.
Bryan: I'll stop now. -_-"
Ryoko: You don't take me seriously at all, do you?
Bryan: Why start now?
REBB: Hey Bryan, what about this one? (_?_)
Bryan: REBB, will you stop giving us your IQ!

" said Sasami. Sasami then turned off
the t.v. "Okay.. Now what was it that you wanted to say?" asked Sasami. 
"Uhmmm..
I was wondering..."said Torankusu, a bit
nervous. "Yeah?" asked Sasami. "....that if you wanted...." "Uh-huh......?" 
"to
go out...." "Mmmmm-hmmm...?" "...with me....?"said

Ukyo: And unlike Ryoga, he can get it out of his mouth.
Glyph: Luckily, the improbability drive let that one slide.
Ukyo: It probably gave up after seeing how stupid this fic was. [Suddenly, 
Ukyo is drenched by a bucket of water.] AHHHHHH! That's cold!
Bryan: You were saying Ukyo?

Torankusu. Torankusu felt dead right after he said that. Sasami suddenly 
blanked
out. Without thinking, Torankusu then gave a
passionate kiss to Sasami.

Bryan: No, he just gave her a kiss. If Sasami's blanked out, then it's not 
passionate. Those require both to participate.  Ne, Glyph-chan? [Glyph nods 
slightly.]


Sasami then followed along. Her silk tank-top then
fell off by her shoulders.

Bryan: You know a lemon is going to be awful when the clothing is coming off 
without effort.
Ryoko: If she had a chest, maybe her shirts wouldn't just fall off.

Torankusu then took off his
trench coat.

Bryan: Trench coat? What screwed up movies is this author watching. Is there 
lousy bass music to accompany this sudden loss of garments?

Sasami then suddenly said, "Yes, I would!" Torankusu looked down
for a while. He then smiled and looked directly
into Sasami's eyes. ".....I love you, Sasami...." Torankusu then said 
softly.

Bryan: Excuse me, but it takes time to tell if you actually love someone or 
not.
Ryoko: That doesn't mean a guy won't say it.
Ukyo: Are you man-bashing again?
Glyph, Cypher, Bryan: YES!!!

"I... I love you too..." Sasami then gave a passionate
kiss to Torankusu. Sasami suddenly removed her tank-top and her skirt.

Bryan: Ok, this crosses the line from stupid to ludicrous. Two kisses, and 
they're already going at it?
Ryoko: You haven't seen the local high school lately, have you?
REBB: What does a vegetable got to do with it?
Glyph: REBB, you're thinking of  "watercress"...
REBB: Still, what it's got to do with it?
Bryan: Nothing, REBB, nothing.

Torankusu
then suddenly blanked out.

Glyph: Ahhhhhh, yes, the Adult Conspiracy is still working.
Bryan: Huh?
Glyph: Xanth reference. It's full name is the Adult Conspiracy to Keep 
Interesting Things from Children, namely sex, bad words, and mischief.
Ryoko: Guess the author wasn't counting on that happening.


He remained
speechless for a while, since Sasami was not wearing bra.

Ryoko: Since there's not an article, like "a" in front of bra, she must be 
wearing Trunk's sister.
Bryan: Can we NOT go there, Ryoko?


-: This is it,
Torankusu.. Your chance to actully do something to her
body!!

Bryan: Hey, Vegeta, he's got your sense of romance.
Ukyo: And his sense of spelling.

I knew you could do it!:-, Torankusu thought. Torankusu frenched kiss
Sasami while he started massaging her breast.

Cypher: A short shooter, ain't he?

Torankusu then removed his bandana and his black shirt. "Sasami.. are you
ready?"whispered Torankusu to Sasami. "Yes... I am..."
said Sasami, not really sure.. She then really loved Torankusu, but she 
wasn't
really sure if she really DID loved him.

Bryan: Did ANYONE understand that last part?
All: ...
Bryan: Thought not.

Torankusu
then suddenly fingered Sasami's arousel. Sasami suddenly cumed.

Bryan: "cumed"? Shouldn't that be "came"? Or, at the very least, "cummed?"
Ryoko: Only if we're to assume that this should have been written.
Cypher: Good point.

"Oh, gosh...."
said Sasami, softly.

Glyph: To which this proves that this kid has been only seeing it in 
pictures and will never experience it.
Cypher: Too Much Info, Glyph!
Bryan: Hey, even I know that you don't just stick something in and instant 
orgasm. Women's magazines sell too well for that to be the case.

"Torankusu.... Please...
Be easy..."she said, crying a bit.

Ryoko: Shouldn't that be "gentle" and not "easy"?
Bryan: Maybe the author means his behavior, and not his method.

"Don't worry" he said. Torankusu then removed
his shorts. The only thing that was remaining
was his boxers.
Sasami and Torankusu started kissing each other until they fell
to the bed. They both went under the covers of the
bed. Torankusu then removed his boxers.  A small tear ran down Sasami's 
cheek.

Ryoko: You mean, he was THAT small?
Bryan: Try not to be as crass as the Saiya-jin prince, huh?
[But he stops when Glyph suddenly giggles into her hand.]

She then felt a little worried about her being
in bed with Torankusu.

Bryan: AFTER she took off her clothes, she's a bit worried about being naked 
in bed with a guy?

Sasami then softly moaned. "I love you, Torankusu..."she
said softly.

Ryoko: (as Sasami) But I think we should just be friends.
Bryan: Ouch. I've heard that speech before.
Cypher: Not under those circumstances, I hope.
Bryan: No, Cypher. And leave your love life out of this.
Cypher: Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttt? Did I say anything along those lines?

"I love you too, Sasami.." Torankusu
said as he was kissing her.
				-------living room-------

	"Geeze! What are they both doing up there?" said Kiyone and Tenchi.

Washu: Does anyone reeeeeaaaaaaaalllllllllllllllleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee want 
to answer that one?

Mihoshi then suddenly said, "Ahwww.. Those
are one of those romance movies when they make love, and drama, and all 
those
other beautiful love stuff!" said Mihoshi.

Bryan: Aside from the redundant "said Mihoshi", that could almost be one of 
the ditzy cop's sentences.

Ryouko then said, "I bet'cha Sasami and Torankusu are actully doin' IT!"

Bryan: Why do people always call sex, "it"?
Glyph: Because you would get weird stares from people if you say "sex" in 
public.
REBB: Not if you're watching the "Rocky Horror Picture Show".
Bryan: Let's do the time warp again!
Glyph:(badly singing) Out of here....!!!!!

"Oh my
gosh! Tenchi and me never did that!"said Aeka.

Ryoko: And let's keep it that way, shall we.

Tenchi then had a huge sweatdrop. "Hah! That's because you are the royal bi-
yotch!

Ukyo: Thank God you don't normally sound like that, Ryoko.
Ryoko: Yeah. I can actually pronounce "bitch" properly.

And no one will like you, you bald-headed
shrimp!"

REBB: When did Kuririn get to play the part of Ayeka?
Vegeta: [on speakers] What else was that pint-sized idiot going to do when 
DBZ was finished?
Bryan: GT?
Vegeta: [on speakers] Shut up, shut up, shut up.

snapped Ryouko. "I am not bald!" shouted Aeka. Everyone suddenly had a
sweatdrop. "Hah! Of course you're bald! I saw
you remove your hair once!" yelled Ryouko. Aeka then suddenly dropped. Her 
hair
dropped off as well. -:I am sooo himuliated!:-,
thought Aeka. Everyone gasped. "See?! See?! I TOLD YOU SHE'S BALD! 
AHAHAHAHA!
YOU GOT MODED, PRINCESS!"

Glyph: [putting her hand over her eyes] Ah ha, aha, aha, let's NOT go there.

snapped Ryouko. "Geeze, you were right all along, Ryouko! And gosh... I was
going to marry a bald girl? AHHHHH!!!" said Tenchi.
Ryouko laughed and said, "Yep, you were.." "You know what? Kiyone and I will
check what they're doing upstairs.. We're both
getting a bit worried." said Tenchi. "I WANNA GO!!" said Ryouko. "Yeah, you 
can
take Ryouko.. She's more desperate" said Kiyone.

Ryoko: I am NOT desperate! And you should talk, Kiyone! The only lemons I 
ever see you in feature Mihoshi!
Bryan: Well, there was Union, but I think the author was going for gross-out 
that time.

"Yes, I am desperate alright!" said Ryouko.

Ryoko: OH! You big fat liar.

"I don't feel like going, anyways..
I like this show that I am watching, and I don't wanna
miss what is gonna happen next!" said Kiyone. "Thanks, Kiyone! ^.^" said 
Ryouko.
Ryouko and Tenchi then went upstairs. They
both heard Torankusu and Sasami actully banging on the wall and moaning.

Bryan: That's a relief. For a moment we thought they were having sex.

"Geeze!
They are doing IT!"said Ryouko. "Yeah, I noticed."
said Tenchi. Ryouko then fell into Tenchi's arms. "How come we never did
it?"asked Ryouko.

Ryoko: NOT ONE WORD, GUYS!

"'Cause.. I don't know.. ::changes the
subject:: Aren't we suppose to check on them?"

REBB: I think they already know what they're doing.
Glyph: At least, they're not like my folks and leave the door wide open, no 
matter who's there.
Bryan: Please don't remind me. That was sort of embarrassing, actually.
Ukyo: Oh, you big baby. The door was closed when you were there.
Bryan: Does Glyph tell you everything?
Glyph: Well, she's like a little sister to me.

said Tenchi. "Yeah, I forgot."
said Ryouko. Tenchi then suddenly opened the door.

Ukyo: And hit a note he hadn't been able to hit since preschool!

Torankusu and Sasami then suddenly looked at Tenchi and Ryouko. They both
blushed in embarrassment. They were both
covering themselves with the bedsheets. They were both blushing deep
red...

Bryan: Yeah. We know. You said that already, thanks.

."Yep.. I knew it all along!
I told you they were doing it!"

Cypher: (as Sasami) That green dress would look great on you.
REBB: (as Torankusu) Yeah, the cut would be great for my hips...
Ukyo: Just like the time Ranma-honey and I went shopping together.
Washu: Shall we not go there?

said Ryouko laughing at the same time. "What are
you doing here?"said Torankusu. "What do you
want?" asked Sasami.

Bryan: [hands clasped in desperate prayer] Please don't say "to join in". 
Please don't say, "to join in."
Vegeta: [on speakers] I'd kill that space pirate before she could try 
anything with my son.
Ryoko: Like I'd want to date your retarded kid!

"Heeeeyy! We were just checking on ya'.. We were a bit
worried."

REBB: (as Tenchi) You guys were carrying on like banshees, then it stopped. 
We thought somebody got killed up here.

said Tenchi. "Well, okay.. We're fine. You
can leave now.."said Sasami.

Ryoko: (as Sasami) And knock on the door next time. Knock! For the love of 
God, I don't walk in on you when you're in the act!


"Uhmm.. Yeah, we're fine.." said Torankusu. "Okay,
Uhh. We'll leave now. Tenchi and I will probably
do the samething! C'mon Tenchi! Let's do it!" desperately sais Ryouko. 
"Nooooo!!
Ryouko! We are NOT going to!" yelled Tenchi.

				-------Sasami's room-------

"Okay.. I'm getting sorta tired..."said Sasami. "Yeah, I'm getting a bit
sleepy.."said Torankusu. ".........I love you, Sasami."said
Torankusu softly. "I love you too, Torankusu." said Sasami, softly. "I'm 
gonna
take a shower and go to bed..."said Torankusu.
"Same here" Sasami said. They both gave a passionate kiss to each other.

Glyph: Well, afterwards you do have a tendency to lose that passionate kiss.
[She slides a kiss towards her lover.]
Bryan: I'm not losing anything. I'd rather have the kiss and a good snuggle 
every night than a roll in the hay, anyway. I mean, anyone can fool around, 
but it takes real love to cuddle.
[Rests his head on Glyph's shoulder, kissing her cheek.]
Rest of Jedri crew: (annoyed coughing) AAAH-HEMMMM.
Cypher: You guys are getting mushy here.
REBB: Forget mushy, they're working into nauseating.
Bryan: Listen, cybertronian, anytime you feel like it you can just leave.
REBB: OK.
[REBB gets up and walks to the door, only to collide with the shield.] 
 >BRZAP<  >BRZAP<  >BRZAP<
Bryan: That ought to keep him quiet.
REBB: [returning to seat] liar.
MEANWHILE, OUTSIDE THE THEATER:

Rei and Pathos enter Sickbay just in time to see Andrew and Marie. Andrew 
raises his phaser at Rei.

Andrew: Friend or foe? We need to know... Sorry bout the rhyme.
Rei: That depends. Are you here to kick Vegeta's butt?
Andrew: Yes.
Rei: Then I'm a friend. His friends are a bunch of self-important jerks. 
[The cat-boy moves forward, towards the EMH program that was already 
activated.]
Kasumi: Here, Pathos, this will take the swelling down.
Andrew: So, Zechs called to tell us that the machine for the nanoprobes is 
on the bridge, and that we can't activate it. Any ideas?
Rei: Marie, you know all of the other universes. Who do you suggest?
Marie: Edward.
Rei: Edward? As in Radical Edward?
Marie: The same.

BACK IN THE THEATER:

REBB: I'm getting out of here. Found it!
Bryan: Really? I'd love to see you try.
REBB: [holds a box] This is a gift from one old gray hare I met once. [Pulls 
out a thin black circle]
Ukyo: A toon hole!
REBB: Right.  [places hole on the doors] Anyone for leaving, better hurry 
now.
Bryan: Um, REBB...
>KLANG<
Bryan: I was going to say, the shield is a dimensional barrier, and you're 
only opening a hole to Anvil Space, but too late now.
REBB: Ow!
Washu: THAT'S IT!!
All: You know how to get us out of here?
Washu: NO! I've solved the mystery of Ryoga's lack of direction!
All: >FACEFAULT<
Washu: Ryoga has crossed oceans without ever realizing it. He must have a 
hole to Hammerspace in his brain! This hole allows him to cross great 
distances without ever being aware of it, but it's where the part of his 
brain that controls directions should be, and so he always gets lost. 
Unfortunately, in such a case, there is no cure.
Bryan: Can we focus on the problem at hand, please, Genius?

				-------Living room-------

"AHHHHHHH!!! STUPID WHORE!" yelled Kiyone.

Bryan: Hey, that's not right. Sure, she shagged Trunks right after meeting 
him, but that's no call for a character assassination.

"That fool!" said Nobuyuki. "Gosh,
that stupid whore picked him?!" yelled
Kiyone, watching t.v. "AHHHH! YEAH THAT STUPID FOOL! .....what
happened...?"asked Mihoshi, in confusion.
"AH!!!! NOW SHE'S GONNA DIEEE!!" yelled Kiyone, shaking the t.v. Goten then
said, "Kiyone, stop! I'm watching, you know!"

Cypher: What the hell are they watching?
Ryoko: I see Nobuyuki picked the entertainment tonight.

"Ooops.. Sorry." said Kiyone, feeling a bit stupid. "EEHHHHHH!!!" said 
Nobuyuki.
Tenchi was then looking at Aeka, the bald fool.
"HAH! That bimbo's still there on the floor.. What a SHAME! I thought 
princesses
must be 'royal' and neat. Hmm.. I guess I was
wrong!" said Ryouko.
	"Torankusu.... I was looking for you!" said Sasami, a bit worried. "Oh,
sorrie."said Torankusu. "I was wondering......
Or.. Maybe just asking.. Do you want to sleep with me tonight?" asked 
Sasami.
"Uhmm.. I don't-..." Torankusu then looked
into Sasami's eyes. It made him seem sorta bad. "I mean.. Okay! ^.^ "he 
said.                                                                        
                                                                             
                                                                             
                       Okay....."said Sasami.
	:- Oooooo! That Ryouko! She must pay! She will get humiliated! SHE WILL
DIE!-: thought Aeka, as she was walking
to her room, mysteriously.

Bryan: So in other words, Ayeka and Ryoko are acting normal.

	"Hey, it's already 12:00 now.. You wanna go to sleep? I'm gettin' kinda
tired..." said Kiyone. "::yawn::Yeah me too."
said Mihoshi. "Hey, Goten.. Where are you gonna be sleeping?" asked Tenchi. 
"I
can sleep in Mihoshi's bedroom." answered Goten.
"Yeah, he can sleep in my room." said Mihoshi. "Hmmm.. Where is Torankusu
sleeping?" asked Goten. "Hey!" said Sasami.
She then heard Goten asking. "He will be sleeping with me!"she said. "WHOA!
TORANKUSU AND SASAMI ARE GOING
OUT?!" Goten said in amazement. "GOTEN!!! WOULD YOU SHUT UP FOR A BIT?!" 
yelled
Torankusu. "Gosh.. I was just
uhhh.. talking to myself?"

Glyph: You need a volume control then, kid.

said Goten, not knowing he was being stupid.

Cypher: What do you mean, "Being"?

"Awwwwwww, that's cute!

[Suddenly in the background they hear, a very sweet sounding...]
Azusa: (Disembodied voice) How KAWAIIIIIIII! [Everyone who has experience 
with the skater abruptly jumps to the ceiling, and some hang on]
Bryan: ACK! Turn off the Infinite Improbability Drive! Turn it off!!!
REBB: I would, but it's outside!
Ryoko:  Whose bright idea was that?
REBB: [points to Washu] Hers...
Ryoko: (whining) MOOOTTTTTTTTHHHHERRRRRRRRRRRR!

.....it's too bad, I don't have any-
one to snuggle and hug...

Bryan: [wrapping his arms around Glyph] Well, I hate to rub it in, but...I 
do have someone to snuggle and hug. By the way, you're cozy, Glyph-hime.
Washu: Princess? He calls you "Princess"?
Glyph: Why not? I like it. A little late though with the reply...
Washu: (grumble)Whatever.

=/" said Mihoshi, feelings a bit bad. Goten then
looked at her. "C'mon, Mihoshi. Let's go to bed now."

REBB: If those two start acting nauseating, there's gonna be problems.
Bryan: As Archie Bunker would say, "Stifle it, Edith."
REBB: [popping his claws as he speaks] You haven't got your powers, back, 
yet...
Bryan: Glyph?
Glyph: Down, kitty.

MEANWHILE, OUTSIDE THE THEATER:

Andrew: So, you know what to do, Edward.
Edward: Edward has to turn on the power to the Special Machine while the 
others are distracted.
Zechs: Good thing we found that mobile emitter.
Mew: Mew mew mew, mew mew mew mew mew.
Zechs: For someone with a monosyllabic dialogue, you're awfully long-winded 
at times.
Andrew: That was a good plan, by the way, Marie.
Marie: Love is a powerful motivator.

ON THE BRIDGE:

Kasumi: Does anyone want lunch?
Vegeta: How did you get out of the infirmary?
Kasumi: Rei gave me this mobile emitter, and I thought you might all want 
some lunch.
Doom: We would be honored to eat lunch with so elegant a woman as yourself, 
Miss Tendo.

[Unseen, Radical Edward crawls to the Power Replicator.]

BACK IN SICKBAY:

Jay: Hey, Silent Bob, why don't we see if we can hook up with some major 
munchies in the cafeteria? Snoogans.
Bob: [nods]
Zechs: Alright, alright, I take back the long-winded crack.
Mew: Mew.
Zechs: You don't have to get self-righteous about it, either. Now, if I can 
get to my Gundam, we'll have enough power to take on Doom and his suit of 
armor.
Marie: It takes that much hardware?
Zechs: You've never seen Doom's armor in action.


BACK IN THE THEATER:

"Yeah, let's go to bed. Good night everyone!" Tenchi said. "Good 
night."everyone
said to each other. "Hey, Tenchi!" Ryouko said,
trying to say it in a very sexy tone.

Bryan: And failing miserably.
Ryoko: WHAT? [Draws sword] DIE!
Bryan: [Draws sword] Eh? Hey, I got back the powers! I can be my old 
obnoxious self again! ^_^
Rest: (flat) yea...

"Whaaaaaatt?!?!" said Tenchi, being
annoyed a bit. "You wanna have hot sex with me?"
asked Ryouko.

Bryan: What? And ruin the potential to drag the show on for ten more years?

"NOOOOOOO!!! I don't want no hot sex!" yelled Tenchi.

Bryan: Atta boy, Tenchi. Some things are worth waiting for. Ne, Glyph-honey?
Glyph: Uh hmmmmmm...

"C'mon! I
know you do!" said Ryouko. "No! I don't!
Good night! Go to bed!" yelled Tenchi,

Glyph: Hey, at least one person's in character.
[Ryoko glares at her]
Bryan: Get over it, Ryoko. Lord knows, you get him enough in Overstreet's 
lemons.
Ryoko: I like his work a lot better than yours.
Bryan: Yeah, but you're biased. I refuse to write you into a lemon. And I 
know what you've been trying to do with my holodecks and you'd better stop 
that or I'll shut them down for good.

getting even more disappointed. "Fine!
You won't know what a fine, hot, sexy body
you are missing!" said Ryouko, disappointed.

Ukyo: How could he NOT know? You flash it off every chance you get.
Ryoko: Not unlike your fianc, no? And while we're on the subject, who was 
it that only wore an apron and a bikini bottom to the beach in the second 
Ranma movie?
Ukyo: Bite me. It was a one piece that tied around the neck and the hips; 
the apron was covering it. What would you have preferred? That I was 
skinny-dipping?
Bryan: [holding up a still shot from the movie] Care to explain this picture 
then?
Ukyo: Uh...I forgot about that one...But we were doing a shoot on an island! 
We had to stretch out the wardrobe!
Bryan: Uh-huh. Look, just don't give lemon writers ideas, huh Ucchan?
Ukyo: It's not as bad as living with Happi.
Bryan: Oh yeah? [whispers in Ukyo's ear]
Ukyo: >WHAM!< [she whaps him a good one.] Eeeeeek! I told you not to mention 
the Ukyo/Shampoo lemons!
Ryoko: Hey Ukyo, I have a question. If you and Ranma ever do get together, 
who'd be the man in the relationship?
Ukyo: Argh! [She paused, then didn't react for a few minutes] You know, you 
got a point.

"Yeah, yeah, yeah.. Go to sleep!"
said Tenchi.

			-------Mihoshi's bedroom.-------

	"Sorry, Mihoshi. I don't have anywhere else to sleep." said Goten, feeling
a bit ashamed. " It's okay.. I don't
mind you sleeping here."

Bryan: You know, if he's anything like his dad...
Glyph: He'd fall asleep!
Vegeta:[on speakers] Snort. Hey! HEY! Who are you, and what are you doing to 
those controls?!
Edward: [on speakers] Edward is fixing machines. And Vegeta needs his cranky 
medicine.
Vegeta: [on speakers] That's right. I forgot! Bryan, I know you've been 
putting tranquilizers in mine and Ryoko's food to keep us tame for MSTs!
Ryoko: YOU WHAT?!
Bryan: My chances for survival went up that way. What can I say?
Ryoko: If I get a chance, I'm going to get Ranma on this ship just long 
enough to trap you in girl form again.
Glyph: HEY! I like him this way!

said Mihoshi, not having to be disappointed at all.
"Heh, thanks! ^.^" said Goten. Mihoshi was then
suddenly changing into her p.j's. She then removed her shirt.

REBB: WHOO HOO! Take it off!
Ukyo: [slowly turning] I thought you guys weren't into the human nuances and 
the body?

Goten stared at
her. "......Goten....?!" she then said, covering
herself. Goten then started whistling away. "Huh?" he said, acting a bit 
stupid.

Bryan: He's acting?

"Oh, nothin'.." said Mihoshi. "I gotta
get changing, too." said Goten. "Okay." said Mihoshi. Goten then removed his
shirt. Mihoshi then looked back.
-: Gosh, he's cute... :- thought Mihoshi. Mihoshi then took off her pants.
"Goten, help me. I can't reach this spot." asked
Mihoshi. Goten then suddenly blushed. "Uhh... Okay." he unzipped the back 
part
of her pants.

Washu: Take it for Mihoshi to even screw up a stripping scene.

He then, could see
her underwear sorta sticking out. "Thanks." said Mihoshi. "Uhhh... No 
problem..
=P" said Goten. "Hey Mihoshi."
asked Goten. "Yeah?" said Mihoshi. "Do you think Tenchi would lemme borrow 
one
of his tanktops?" asked Goten.
"Yeah, I'm sure." said Mihoshi. Goten walked to Tenchi's room. Goten knocked 
on
his door. "If it's Ryouko...
FUCK OFF!" yelled Tenchi.

Ryoko: LOVE TO!
Bryan: Ryoko, how many times must I tell you, don't get more perverted than 
the fic.
Ryoko: What's so perverted about me with Tenchi. It's a lot better than some 
of the other fics people come up with. I ought to know. You forced me to 
watch enough of them.


"Not really.. This is Goten..." he said. "Oh, my bad.
Come in." said Tenchi. " Okay." Goten said.
He then went into Tenchi's room. "Tenchi.. I was wondering.. Can I borrow 
one of
your tanktops?" asked Goten.
"Okay." Tenchi gave Goten 5 tanktops.

Bryan: (as Tenchi) And clean any stains before you give these back.

"Gee! Sankyuu Tenchi!" Goten said, feeling
very thankful. "Hey, n.p.!"

Glyph: (squeaky) What can that stand for?

said
Tenchi. "Well, see ya' in the morning! Good night." said Goten. "You too. 
=)"
said Tenchi. Goten then went back to
Mihoshi's room. "Okay, I'm back." said Goten. Goten then put on one of 
Tenchi's
tanktop. He then only wore
his boxers and his tanktop.

Bryan: And thus looked like every other Fred Durst/ Emminem/Limp Bizkit 
loserfan out there.
Ryoko: How can women idolize those misogynistic pigs? That's like a minority 
loving the Nazis!!!
Glyph: Ditto, Ryoko...though some of those girls I wonder if they didn't get 
dropped as babies.

"Well, I'll be going to bed now, Mihoshi. Good
night." said Goten. "Goten......" Mihoshi
said. "Yeah?" he asked. "....well, I know this will be sort of a dumb 
question..

Ukyo: No way, too easy a pot shot.

But... can I sleep with you?" asked
Mihoshi, blushing.

Bryan: (as Goten) But, Mihoshi, we ARE sleeping together. So go to sleep.

Goten suddenly blushed as well... "Uhmm.. If you want.. =/ I
don't mind, really." said Goten.
"...okay.." said Mihoshi. Goten suddenly slipped into the covers of the bed.
Mihoshi then crawled on top of Goten
and went to the side of him. "I've.. I've never felt this way before.. I 
never
had someone to sleep with before..."

Bryan: It can be cozy. And warm.

said Mihoshi with a tear rolling down her cheek. Goten suddenly kissed 
Mihoshi
on the lips. He then put his arms
around her. "Mihoshi..." Goten said softly. "Goten....?" said Mihoshi.
"......will you go out with me?" she asked, nervously.

Ryoko: (as Goten) But we just got here!

"Uhmm... Okay......." Goten said. Goten then pushed his face against 
Mihoshi.
Mihoshi then frenched kiss Goten good night.

Ukyo: Frenched kiss?
Bryan: You do not French someone goodnight. You French them when you're 
planning on staying up awhile. You kiss them on the forehead when you're 
saying goodnight.
Glyph: Are you sure it's just on the forehead?
Bryan: Not planning on sleeping tonight, huh?
Glyph:[wide grin] Maybe....
JEDRI crew: (groaning) GROAN!

".............................................." Goten remained speechless 
for a
while. "Uhhmmm... Good night Mihoshi..."said Goten.
"I love you Goten.. Good night."she said.


			-------Next Morning-------

	"DING, DING, DING! DING, DING, DING! WAKE UP! WAKE UP!"

Ukyo: Sounds like the same company also made the pokemon reality phones!

went Sasami's
alarm clock. "Wake up.. Torankusu! It's morning." Sasami said. "Wha-..? 
Huh..?
Fuck, that wasn't a dream, huh?" said

Bryan: Then Trunks woke up and realized that even in his dreams this would 
never happen.
Ryoko: Oh, that's a romantic way to great someone you just boinked. "Fuck 
that wasn't a dream." Real caring.
Ukyo: So, you've gotten that one how often?
Ryoko: I'll get you. And your little spatula too!
Ukyo: (darkly) You know where to find me.

Torankusu. "Uhmm.. No.. It wasn't." she said. "YAY!!" Torankusu jumped 
happily.

REBB: And suddenly squished Sasami...

"Wow... You sure are so energetic for
the morning.." Sasami said.

Ryoko(as Sasami): Usually after a bad lemon, my partner has to sleep it off 
for a day or two.

"Hey, I'll go wake up Goten and the others." said
Torankusu. Torankusu then headed off to
Mihoshi's room.

Bryan: Because due to some weird psychic link, he knew where Goten had gone, 
even though Trunks had been in Sasami's room long before.

"WHOA! GOTEN!" yelled Torankusu. "Wha...?" said Goten, just
waking up. "YOU SLEPT WITH MIHOSHI!
UNBELIEVABLE!"

Cypher: (as Trunks) Normally they only let Kiyone have her!

said Torankusu, really astonished. "Yeah.. and what's your
point?" said Goten, rubbing his eyes.

Ryoko: A person with that hairstyle should be really careful about the use 
of the word "point".
Bryan: Look in a mirror sometime, huh?

"Oh, nothin', man.. It's just hard to believe... Did you guys did it,

Bryan: Who's narrating this, Jeff Foxworthy? Did you did it? Eesh.
Ryoko: Well, you do claim the American school system is failing us.
Bryan: I think that the easiest way to prove it would be to gather all the 
lemons on the net and dump them on the desks of English teachers around the 
country. Maybe then they'd get off their duffs and start teaching the 
material.
REBB: Or maybe lemon writers were just grammar school dropouts.
Bryan: (singing as Frankie Avalon in Grease) Grammar School Dropouts! Oh 
can't you write?
Glyph: (groaning) Bryan, remember what I said about the last one?

or
somethin'?" asked Torankusu. "No! We did not!"
said Goten, a bit angry. "Ahhhh! XD" said Torankusu. "Yeah, yeah.. Anyways, 
is
Sasami cooking something?" asked Goten.
"Yeah, she's making some sushi and sashimi,

Ukyo: Wrong part of the day to be eating those.
REBB: Well, it depends... on how late they slept in.

why?" asked Torankusu. "Nahh, I'm
just hungry." said Goten.
"Okay, well I'll get changed now." said Torankusu. "Yeah, me too." said 
Goten.
"Since it's gonna take a while, I might
as well, watch t.v. with Kiyone and stuff.. Bai!" said Torankusu. "See ya'."
said Goten. -:Wow, Goten and Mihoshi!
.....I never thought Goten would end up with her! Haha! Since they are both
dumbasses in a way.

Washu: Nice to think of your best friend that way.
Bryan: He's Vegeta's kid. It's not a big stretch.
Vegeta: [on speakers] One more time, and I really will thump you.

::laughs:: Well,
Goten is still cool and he is my best friend. And Mihoshi is kinda cute.. 
But
compared to Sasami! She is far better
to my eyes.

Bryan: Hey, Veggie, the kid inherited your love of blue-haired girls.
Vegeta: [Going SuperSaiya-jin, on speakers] When you get out of there, I am 
going to slaughter you!
Bryan: Oh, hell. The tranquilizers wore off.
Glyph: Vegeta, you try and you and I will have a very LONG discussion...

Heh.. :- Torankusu thought to himself. "Mihoshi, wake up." said
Goten, waking up Mihoshi. "Huh.........?
"Hey, konnichiwa!" greeted Goten to Mihoshi.

Glyph: That's much more romantic.
Bryan: I'll say. >SMOOCH<
Ukyo: (low) Break it up you two.


"Ohh.. Heh, hey!" said Mihoshi,
rubbing her eyes. "I'm gonna get changed.
Sasami is making sushi and sashimi for breakfast."said Goten.

Glyph: And they insist on repeating it...

"Really? Cool!"
said Mihoshi. Goten started changing
into his clothes. Goten then took off the tanktop and then put on his 
turquise
and yellow shirt. He then put on his
khakis. "I'm gonna get changed too." Mihoshi then looked into her drawer. 
"You
know.. I cannot decide what to wear.."

Glyph: That has way too many possibilities for a joke...

said Mihoshi. "I'll help you find something." said Goten. Goten spotted one
shirt that was almost like his. Except hers
was a tanktop and it was silk. He then saw one of her mini-skirts that were
khaki material.

Bryan: Hands up all those who ever saw Mihoshi in a mini skirt.
[no hands raise]
Bryan: I thought as much.

"Goten, these are
almost like your clothes..!" said Mihoshi, not noticing what Goten's little
plans were.

Ryoko: What? To dress alike and thus look really stupid.
Bryan: Ryoko, do you remember what Glyph and I wore to Project A-kon?
Ryoko: Sure it was those matching t-shir...Oh. Your point?
Glyph: I thought it was sweet.

"Yeah, I know.. Now we can be
twins!" said Goten, sorta immature.

Ukyo: I hate to say this, but if I remember correctly, that their bodies had 
changed to being older, not their minds. So that would mean that it's not a 
"sorta immature".

Mihoshi then removed her top. Goten stared,
unaware that he would get slapped.

Bryan: And Mihoshi would break her hand.

"Goten! .......Oh, it's ok.. I don't matter to me, really.

Bryan: Did she just say she didn't matter to herself? I wasn't aware that 
low self-esteem was one of her problems.

>. 'Cause we love each
other, right?" said Mihoshi. "Yeah! ^.^"
said Goten. Mihoshi then put on her silk shirt that Goten picked out for 
her.
"Goten, can you tie this one?" Mihoshi
asked. Goten then tied the strings that were behind Mihoshi's back and neck.
"There" he said. "Thanks."
said Mihoshi. Mihoshi then putted on her khaki mini-skirt. She slipped into 
it.
The mini-skirt only stopped
where her thighs had started.

Bryan: You look good in anything, Glyph-hime.
Glyph: Arigato.

"SeKsY MiHa'!" yelled Goten.

>Klunk, klunk<
REBB: Is our universal translators broken? I didn't understand that.
Bryan: The translator's not broken. It just didn't compensate for the level 
of stupidity in the fic.

Mihoshi blushed.
"Heh, you really think so? =P"
Mihoshi said. "Would I lie to you, Mihoshi?" said Goten.

Ryoko: Like anyone would, pal.
Ukyo: Nah, Goten ain't bright enough to lie.
Bryan: Well, his father would say it's because he's pure of heart...unlike a 
certain prince I could name.
Glyph: Bryan, he is listening.

"No...." she said.
Mihoshi then tried to pull down
the mini-skirt a little bit. Mihoshi then blirted out. "Ahh! I don't wanna 
wear
no baggy underwear XP"

Glyph: And entice into a new Lemon scene...and I know that is the worst word 
to use.

"Can I look through your underwear drawer?" asked Goten.

Bryan: AH HA! Happosai is posing as Goten!
Cypher: Then where did he get the hair, then?

Mihoshi didn't seem to
hear him a bit.
Goten just went through it. He then suddenly blushed. He then found a yellow 
g-
string. "AHH!
...What are these called?" asked Goten, stupidly. "EEK!" Mihoshi was 
surprised.
She then suddenly
blushed and snatched it from Goten.. "Uhh.. Aeka said they were good and 
they
felt comfortable..
So I bought like a ton of them. She said they are better than underwears....

Cypher: Though I don't wear it, "underwear" is already plural...
Bryan: I call that particular style "butt-floss" and it's not very sexy to 
someone who knows what love and sex are all about.
Glyph: Bryan, did you mean to say that out loud? Because that was more than 
we needed to know.
Bryan: Which part?
Glyph: The butt-floss thing.

Hmmmmmm.........
I think they are called g-strings.. I forgot. You know.. I'm gonna try them 
on."
said Mihoshi. She then
suddenly took off her underwear. She then through

Glyph: Okay, the grammar is bad enough. You want "threw", Kid.

it to Goten. "AAAHHHHHHHH!!
This isn't a strip
club, Mihoshi!!"

REBB: (as Goten) Nice butt, though.
Bryan: Pervert.
[REBB suddenly tosses a red and white ball into Bryan's lap. Glyph jumps a 
little to the side just as an Elekid jumps out. ]
[All that is heard is  Ele-kid >>ZAP<<!]
Bryan: (a little charred) Phoootha! REBB, remind me to introduce you to my 
friend Megatron later. And I don't mean that Predicon loser.


said Goten, holding her underwear by its tip. Mihoshi them
grabbed it from him, and threw
it in the hamper in her closet. She then put on the g-string. "These are 
quite
comfortable! Geeze, Aeka was
right!"said Mihoshi. Mihoshi then went outside downstairs. Goten followed.


			-------Tenchi's room-------

	Tenchi finally woke up. "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Hi, Tenchi! I woke up early this morning. So... I decided to suck you a 
bit!
o.~" said Ryouko in a really
sex-tone voice.

REBB: (as Tenchi) Yeah, but using one of Washu's devices to cause a black 
hole around my manhood, ISN'T THE WAY TO DO IT!
Ryoko: I would never do a blowjob through a spatial opening! Do you know how 
much concentration that would take?
Ukyo: The voice of experience?
Glyph: [her face is buried in her lap] (muffled) Both of you, don't go 
there!

"YOU FUCKIN' HOMO! DON'T TOUCH THIS AREA!

Bryan: Wait, if Ryoko has his manhood in her mouth, what makes her a homo?
REBB: I believe that for this to be correct, it would be.."You fuckin' 
hetero"...but it doesn't have quite the same ring to it, does it?


IT'S OFF LIMITS!
YOU UNDERSTAND?" yelled Tenchi. "Your dick tasted good over the night. 
*sigh* I
bet you had
wet dreams about me!" said Ryouko,

Bryan: Well, you were the one with the dick in your mouth, so you ought to 
know.
Ryoko: Unfortunately...I did not suck on Tenchi!
Remaining women: CAN YOU KEEP IT TO YOURSELVES!?

getting a bit horny. "Ryouko.. Leave.. Or
I'll make you!"
"Fine, make me!" said Ryouko. "What part of  'get the fuck out' don't you
understand, Ryouko?!"

Ryoko: Well, stopping at "get the fuck", sounded just about right.
Bryan: Washu, will you make your daughter behave?
Washu: Why? I agree with her.

said Tenchi, getting really pissed off. "Give me hot sex first, Tenchi! Then
I'll leave." said Ryouko.
-: Why me? Can't she like someone else? Why! WHY?! WASHUU!!! :-

Washu: I will not take the blame for this one!

			-------kitchen-------

	"Breakfast is ready!" said Sasami. Everyone suddenly came down. "As I
said.. LAST ONE
TO THE TABLE IS A ROTTEN EGGY!" yelled Goten, again using his Zenzoken. 
"*sigh*
When are
you 2 going to grow-up?" said Kiyone, to herself. "I GOT HERE FIRST!" yelled
Torankusu.
"Nuuuuuuhhhhh!!!! ME!!" yelled Goten.

Glyph: You were right, your house definitely.
Bryan: Well, except that at my house the last one to the table isn't a 
rotten eggy. They're just hungry.

"You guys... Stop... Please... Just eat!"
said Tenchi,
desperately. Goten started eating. "Ahhhh! I told you Sasami! You're great!"
"Yeah, that's why I
love her!" said Torankusu, pulling her against him. ". Is that why you are
going out with me?"
said Sasami, a bit glum.

Ryoko: (as Sasami) You men are all alike! You're just dating me for my 
cooking! I wish I were Akane! Boo hoo!
Bryan: The way you cook, you ain't far off, Ryoko.
Ryoko: Bite me.
Cypher: Better you than your cooking. It bites back.

"No! I love you 'cause... I just do!" Torankusu said,
kissing her on her head.
"Heh... Okay... o.o;;" said Sasami. "Kiyone... You can never stop laying  
your
eyes on that t.v., can
you?" asked Goten. "I don't know.. I am proably addicted, eh? 
Heheheehehe..."
said Kiyone, feeling
sorta stupid.

Ukyo: Television did that to her? >Shudder<
Glyph: Well, watching the soaps seemed kinda pointless.

"Hmph.. Neither can Nobuyuki, huh?" Goten said to himself.
Nobuyuki was almost the
same as Kiyone.. They were both hooked onto the t.v., and most of the shows.
"Hey, Tenchi! Where's
Aeka?" asked Goten. "Hmmmmmmm... I am not so sure.. She hasn't got outta her
room since we've seen
her bald head...."

Glyph: EFFFFFfffpht!

said Tenchi, laughing. Everyone started laughing. "Oh,
ahahaahhahahahaahhhahaha!!!"
laughed Ryouko. "Yesh! All because of me.. I am the best! And I am not 
bald!"

Ukyo: Can you pat yourself on the back any harder, Ryoko?
Ryoko [hits Ukyo in the back. Ukyo goes flying]: Yes. Why do you ask?
Ukyo: [muffled under broken theater seats] nebbermng.

said Ryouko. "Yea, we
all know that..." said Tenchi. "Yeah, now gimmie hot sex!" said Ryouko, as 
sexy
as she can. "RYOUKO!
YOU BITCH! WHEN WILL YOU EVER SHUT UP?!" yelled Tenchi, acrossed

Glyph: [holding nose] Grammar stinks here!

the table.
"Right after you
give me hot sex, Tenchi!" said Ryouko. "::sigh:: If I give you what you 
want...
Will you shut the fuck up
forever?"

Cypher:  Yes, let's!
Ryoko: Y'know, I'll bet my sword will do even you some damage, overgrown 
Jell-O mold!
Bryan: Will you stop picking fights? That's my job!
Cypher: (miffed) And I am not an "overgrown Jell-O mold"...
Glyph: Enough, you two.

asked Tenchi, very annoyed. "Yes! I would! Give me one full day of
pure hot sex!" yelled Ryouko
desperately.

Glyph: Yeeesssshhhh, Ryoko, YOU need a volume control.
Ryoko: Ruin my fun.
Bryan: And here I thought REBB was the perv.

"Ohh gosh......." Tenchi said softly to himself.  Washuu was
sitting right next to Tenchi.

Washu: Finally, a chance to get the sample!
Bryan: Washu, what you want with his fluids is your own business. So kindly 
don't mention it again.
Ryoko: You leave your hands off of Tenchi's fluids!
Cypher: So she can't collect his spit then?

So Washuu then whispered to him, "I will try to do something about it, 
okay?"

Washu: I'll just have to get there first. ^_^
All: WASHU!!!

"Oh, gee.. Thanks.. I hope
you can actully turn her off her something.

Bryan: It's the attack of the rotten grammar again.

. She's really pissing me off!" said
Tenchi, in a really loud whisper.

Cypher: Like you need to whisper around them.

"OMG!

Bryan: This isn't an IM. You write out Oh My God, or you have a really weird 
sound effect. Or is it Oh My Goddess?
REBB, Glyph, Cypher: It's Ah! Megami-sama! Peter told us very adamantly!

I CAN'T WAIT!" said Ryouko, jumping around after her putting her dish into
the sink. She then
went upstairs into her room. "I'll wait for you in my lab." said Washuu.

Bryan: Enter at your own risk, past the vaulted door, where impossible 
things might happen that the world's never seen before!
Washu: Don't you dare compare me to Dexter!
Cypher: Why? You're both red-headed mad scientists who suffer the whims of a 
ditzy blonde.
Glyph: Cypher, before the accident, I WAS a blonde.
Cypher: I didn't say all blondes were ditzy. Just that those two are ditzy, 
and blonde.
Glyph: Better.

"It's
okay, I'm done now. Thanks
Sasami! It was great!" said Tenchi. "Okay, n.p"

Washu: I finally know that they mean, "no problem"
Glyph: I get more entertainment of playing bluegrass at top speed to the 
"How the Grinch Stole Christmas". That was actually funny.
Bryan: What about playing classical at 500rpm?
REBB: Calvin and Hobbes beat us to it.

said Sasami, eating a bit.
Tenchi then ran to catch up with
Washuu. "Okay, Washuu, you are gonna try, right?"

Washu: I hate to borrow a phrase, but, Washu is spelled with fifteen "u"s, 
Dammit!
Cypher: And that's scary...

asked Tenchi. "Of course!
Ryouko IS also giving
me a headchae.

Ryoko: What in the HELL is a headchae?
Bryan: I don't know, but if I stay here much longer, I have a feeling I'll 
find out.

=P"she said. "Yeah.. =/" said Tenchi. Washuu, then opened the
door to her lab.



			-------Washuu's Lab-------

	"Tenchi.. Can you find Ryouko somewhere?"

Bryan: (as Tenchi) Well, I found her clinging to my groin this morning, does 
that count?
Washu: You watch yourself, buddy. That's my daughter.
Bryan: And you raised her for all of what? Two seconds?
Glyph: No, 'cause Washu has a picture of her peeing the bed, so she was at 
least three.
Ryoko: (darkly) All of you had better just shut up about that. Now. Or else.
REBB: Or else what?
Ryoko: Don't go there.

asked Washuu, typing into her
computer.
"Okay, Washuu." said Tenchi. Tenchi then exited her lab and went upstairs to
Ryouko's room.

Ryoko: What room? I sleep on the rafters.

"Oh, there you are my Tenchi Pooo!

REBB: (snickering) Tenchi Pooo?
Ryoko: [slices off a few feathers with her sword] Yeah, Tenchi Poo! You 
wanna make something of it?
Glyph: [hand raised] Ok, who made the crack about me and "princess"?
Washu: Me. Why?
Bryan: [draws sword] You makin' fun of my pet names for Snugglemuffin?
Others: Snugglemuffin?
Glyph: The bad part is, he called my Mom that on the phone by mistake. She 
couldn't stop laughing.
Bryan: You two sound alike. Point being, anyone makes fun of any pet names 
here, they have to deal with all of Vegeta's saiya-jin power channeled into 
Ryoko's sword. And yes, REBB, that would even take out you.
REBB: Bryan, do you know what would happen if you took me out?
Bryan:  (nervously) No...
REBB: Trust me. It wouldn't be pleasant.

I was waiting for you alll this time!"
desperately said Ryouko.
"Ryouko... Come with me to Washuu's lab. She wants to show you somethin'." 
said
Tenchi.

Bryan: (as Washu) Here, Ryoko, look down the barrel of this cannon while I 
test the firing mechanism.
Ryoko: (sourly) I am not that stupid, baka.
Washu:[writing on a pad, mumbling to self] Ways to get rid off Mihoshi...

"Okay... This better not be some trick..."

Washu: (innocently) Would I trick my one and only daughter?
Ryoko: Do you want me to answer that question, Mom?

Ryouko said, getting a little
suspisious about Tenchi
and Washuu's plans. They both entered Washuu's lab. "Okay, Ryouko.. Come 
here."
said Washuu.
"What are you doing, you geek?!" said Ryouko.

Washu: -_- I am not a geek. I'm...
Glyph: Cover ears, quick!
Washu: The Number One Genius Scientist of the Universe! ^_^

"Ahahaha! Since you've been so
horny for Tenchi,
he told me you were realy bothering him! You have to stop!" said Washuu,
injecting a needle with
a type of fluid that will make her faint for 6 weeks.

Bryan: Washu, what are you doing with GHB?
Washu: IT IS NOT! I have more respect for life than that. Not much more. But 
more.
Glyph: Guys who use that aren't fit to lick the dog doo from my shoes.
Bryan: Amen.
Glyph: Why did I just say that?
Ukyo: (sniffs) Uh, Glyph. Did you forget about the generator?
Glyph: AHHH SHIT!!!!!!! [She starts to scrape off her shoes.]
Bryan: [sweatdrop] Not in the theater.

Ryouko suddenly fainted.
"::sigh:: Thanks Washuu."
said Tenchi with total grattitude. "No problem! .                            
                                                                             
                                                                     " said 
Nobuyuki shaking the t.v.

All: Why is he shaking the t.v. ?

"As
yet last night...
I am watching.. Stop shaking the t.v.!" complained Goten. "Yeah! Stop 
shaking
it! I wanna see what
happens next!" also complained Mihoshi. "Oops, sorry!" said Nobuyuki. "Now,
who's the immature
one now, Kiyone?" said Goten, with a smirk on his face. "You still!" said
Kiyone.

Cypher: (as Goten) Oh yeah, I forgot. Thanks.

"You freakin'
green-haired witch!" yelled Goten, into Kiyone's face. "AARRGHH! You 
good-for-
nothin' side-haired
hair boy!" said Kiyone.

Bryan: (as Goten) Oh, stop it with the biting wit. I don't think I can take 
much more of that.

"Ahahahahahaha! ::sweatdrop:: Right... =/" said Goten.
"Can I watch some
t.v. here?" Yosho complained. "Oops..." Kiyone and Goten said together. 
Mihoshi
then sat down with
Goten. "Hey, you wanna go watch some episodes? Or one of the movie 
series?"she
asked.

Ukyo: What are they watching?
REBB: Maybe we don't want to know.
[Once more, the theme music to GekiGengar 3 plays in the background.]

"Ok!"
said Goten.

			-------Mihoshi's room.-------

They both went upstairs and Mihoshi then turned on the lights. "Which series 
you
wanna watch?"she asked. "Hmmm... What about the one when the War God defeats
that Space Police?"

Ukyo: You mean the War God defeated us?
Bryan: Probably wrong police.

he suggested. "Okay! ^.^" she said. She then inserted the tape. She then 
turned
off the lights.

Glyph: She then wanted to get out of the story because she found it so 
stupid.

They both sat on the couch together. Mihoshi was so focused on the movie. 
Goten
then lightly (yes, again) placed his hand on top of hers.

REBB: And then Mihoshi put her hand on top of his and declared herself the 
winner.
Cypher : (as Goten) Curses! Foiled again!

Mihoshi then saw his
hand on
hers. "Goten...." she said softly. "Yeah......?" asked Goten. Mihoshi then
turned off the
t.v. It was then pitched black in her room. Mihoshi then turned on her 
little
light lamp.
She then removed her tanktop. Goten then stared at Mihoshi, who was only
wearing her bra and her mini-skirt. "Let's play a little game... If you 
answer
the
questions with the right answer.. Then I will do something.. Okay?"asked
Mihoshi.

Washu: This could get uninteresting quick.
Bryan: Vegeta, you're the expert here? Doesn't this game go better with a 
group and a pack of cards?
Vegeta:[on speakers] Call off this gangly pest you sicced on us!
Edward: [on speakers] Doom talks about himself in third person. Ed thinks 
that's cool.
Doom: [on speakers] Let the girl stay, Vegeta. Doom is amused by her antics.

"Okay..."answered Goten. "Okay.. #1: What is my full name?"

Ryoko: She has a full name?
Bryan: Well, she has a full chest.
Glyph: [as she smacks his head]BRY-AANNNNNN! That wasn't needed.
REBB and Cypher: YEAH, bein' perverted is our department.
Glyph: Shut up, shut up, shut up.

she asked.
"Hmmm... Uhh.. You never told me.. Uhmmm.. Oh, wait I think you did.. I know 
it!
It's uhh.. Mihoshi-sama Kuramitsu..,right?"he asked, hoping that was it. 
"Yes...
It is!"
she said. She then removed her shoes.

Glyph: And Goten passes out from the stench.
Edward: [on speakers] No shoes for Edward. Edward runs free.

  -: Oh, gosh... I'm not so sure what she
is up to.. But whatever it is.. I hope it's something good!:- Goten thought.
"#2:.. What is Tenchi's parent's names?" asked Mihoshi. "Hmmmm...
He never told me.. Wait.. Kiyone told me! It's uhh... Achika-Chan
Masaki.. and uhh... Nobuyuki Masaki... I believe.." said Goten, not really 
sure.
"CoRReKt0!" she said, removing her ribbon from her hair. Her hair
was now hanging around.

Glyph: That only works if you mean that someone's at your house.

"#3:.. Who created Ryouko?" "Washuu!" he said,
not having to think. "Wow.. How did you know that without thinking?" she 
asked.

Ryoko: Eeeeeeeeeesshh!

"Hmmm.. I saw some blue prints in Washuu's lab..." he said.

[Everyone looks at Washu with puzzled looks, to which she returns with a 
groan and a shrug.]

Mihoshi
then removed her skirt. -:O.O;; What is she doing? Does she think this is
a strip club or something?!:-Goten thought.

Ukyo: And how does he know what a strip club is?

She then threw the mini-skirt
to Goten. "#4!... Who are the people related to Sasami?" "Erhh. Uhh..
Alot of people? ::laughs:: Uhmm.. Let's see.. Aeka, a.k.a. the bald fool
XD.. Yosho.. Tenchi... Nobuyuki.. Yosho.. I believe.. There's alot of 
people..
I think....?" he asked, very unsure. "I don't really know either.. I just 
asked
that question because I wanted to know too. Ahh, I'll give you credit for
that..."
Mihoshi said removing her bra. Goten then stared at her breast...

Bryan: She has only one? Weird.
Cypher: Not if you're from another planet...

"Uhh..
Mihoshi, you're kidding, right?" he asked very unsure what her plans were.
"Nope, I don't think so..." she said, with a smirk on her face. "*sigh* 
What're
you up to, Mihoshi?" he asked desperately. "Hmmmm.... What did Torankusu
and Sasami did the other night?" she asked. "Hmmm.. Let's see..." Goten 
thought.
"Ohhhh, no...! We are not going to do that.. PLZ!" he pleaed.

Glyph: Finally, someone is actually not going through with it, on their own.

"...." Mihoshi
then put on her clothes... "Well, I actully understand.. but........" 
Mihoshi
then
was cut off by Goten's kiss. Mihoshi then followed along. "AHH!! GOTEN!"
Mihoshi yelled a bit. "WHAT?! You don't like me anymore?!" he said.
"Nuuuhhh! It's just... Well,.. Are you going to be heading back to Tokyo?" 
she
asked.
"I don't know... I really like staying here.. But I don't know if they would 
let
me
stay. And.. my parents. Aww well.. They will understand I am old enough...
I'm not *momma's little boy* anymore.." said Goten, sorta laughing.

Ryoko: Oh god, the author forgot his own continuity.
Washu: And he shows that fact too well...

"::lol::
Yeah, I guess! Hahaha! You can stay here with me. I will always be here for 
you.
You can probably work with me with the Galaxy Police! I'll ask." she said. 
"You
would do that... for me?! Wow! Thanks!"he said. "Hey, I am working tomorrow!
You can probably work with me tomorrow. Ask Torankusu!" she said, a bit
excited. "Okie!" he said.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------

Well, that's the end of chapter one. How was it? Was it okay? If you have 
any
comments
about it, please e-mail me at: Ikasu Pan@aol.com || And uhh.. I'm 11... XD!!

Glyph: If he actually did write more, remind me to kill Vegeta.

The theater bursts open, and Bryan, utilizing all of his borrowed power, 
holds the doors open long enough for the others to escape.
Ukyo: [As she tosses their weapons to each other, and swings her battle 
spatula around.] Yes, boy, that feels better!
Zechs: Are we glad to see you guys! Vegeta and Doom are on the way to deal 
with us as we speak.
Bryan: Get to Epyon. I'll send Doom out to play in a moment. Vegeta will 
just have to handle all of us on his own.

Vegeta marches down the halls with Doom. Following behind tham are Jay and 
Silent Bob, Randall, and a very reluctant Dante.
Dante: I'm telling you, I'm not supposed to be here!
Doom: Once more, peon, and Doom shall smite thee.
Vegeta: Doom, please. I have to listen to Kuno on a regular basis. Can we 
knock off the holier-than-thou remarks?
Jay: Are we gonna lay down the smack?
Silent Bob: [claps hand on forehead and shakes his head.]
Randal: Maybe there will be a few hot babes there.

Zechs springs out in front of Doom, REBB by his side. He draws his pistol 
and fires once at Doom. The bullet ricochets harmlessly off of Doom's armor, 
but Zechs now has his full attention.
Zechs: You, me, outside. Now.
Doom: You shall pay for this affront to the personage of Doom!
REBB: Cash or charge?

As they head for the shuttle bay, Marie shows up beside Dante and Randal.
Marie: You two aren't seriously considering fighting, are you?
Dante: I had other ideas myself.
Marie: Good. That means that Drew-hon won't have to stun you.
Randal: [raising hand] Can I be stunned anyway? I missed my nap.

Jay and Silent Bob encounter Washu in a nurse's outfit.
Washu: So, which one of you wants to be the first recipient of a series of 
tor...I mean, experiments?

Vegeta encounters the others in the hallway. They don't look happy.
Vegeta: Bring it.
Ukyo's hair suddenly turns gold, and stands straight up. Her eyes are 
glowing green, and she holds aloft her battle spatula.
Ukyo: If you insist...

Doom and Zechs fight a mighty and pitched battle outside the Drummond, as 
the power of the Gundam Epyon is pitted against the awesome might of Doom's 
armor.
Zechs: That tin can is as powerful as Wing Zero.
Doom: More powerful, insect.
Zechs: A pity for you that I'm a superior soldier.
The beam saber of the Epyon slices mere inches from Doom's faceplate.
Doom: You aren't going to win like that.
Suddenly, Doom is held from behind by REBB01.
REBB: Hurry up! He's got a lot of pull in this suit!
Doom: This is an outrage!
Zechs: A soldier uses every opportunity available to him.
Zechs seizes Doom in Epyon's mighty hand. Doom is unable to break the grip 
of the giant hand.

Bryan: Alright, Vegeta, you had your fun. But it's time to give me my ship 
back.
Vegeta: No! I...I can't take the mindless trivia any more!
Ukyo: Mindless...trivia?
Ryoko: Oh. Yeah. Vegeta mutinied because Bryan was being a total nerd about 
that new Star Trek.
Ukyo: How is that any different from how he normally is?
Bryan: It's just called Enterprise. There's no Star Trek in the title.
Rei: You see, clearly we had no choice. Mutiny seemed the only escape.
Glyph: [sigh] You could have tried this method. >SMOOCH< Bryan-hon, shut up.
Bryan: (dreamy) Yes Love.
Vegeta: Uh, Glyph, I don't think that method will work for us...

After a long compromise is worked out, Vegeta, Zechs, Rei, and Ryoko win a 
major concession, and Bryan is permitted to do his pop-culture refernces 
only in MSTs, and he may no longer sedate them.
Bryan, glad the ordeal is over, invites Glyph to his quarters.
Bryan: I, uh, wanted to give you this in private.
He hands her a gift-wrapped box.
She opens it, not entirely sure what it is. The paper falls away to reveal a 
ring case. Inside is a small band of white gold, with a perfect diamond 
mounted in it. She looks at the ring for a moment, speechless. Then he takes 
it from the box and eases it onto her left-hand ring finger.
"Heather Babcock, will you marry me?"
Heather, known to everyone else as Glyph Bellchime, looks at her friend and 
lover, and throws her arms around him. In a tight embrace, she answers, 
"Yes, you crazy bastard! Yes!"

They held each other, and watched the stars pass by outside. Glyph held out her 
hand for a moment, and the ring flashed, echoing the stars.









