                Return to the Stars
         By Miss N (nmnolan99@hotmail.com)

Disclaimer: None of these charcters belong to me, so don't sue me. I'm
broke, and this is a song fic. It's after the song, The Rose. It is told

from diffrent points of views, and I hope you like it.

Authors Note: Kionay (I can't spell her name) and Mishosi are away at GP

headquaters. They're not in this story. I'm sorry if I've offended any

Ryoko lovers. I like Ryoko too, and I hope you don't hate me.

A star appeared on the horzion as the last light faded from the sky. Sasami
stood on the porch, watching Ryoko as she sat on the roof. Sasami sighed to
herself. It was hard being her. No one knew what it was like to share a
life.

Some say love,

Sasami sighed. Ryoko wasn't the same since Tenchi had agreed to marry Aeka.
She was happy for them, but Ryoko was taking it hard. *Tsunami,* she
thought, *Can Ryoko deal with this?* It was a while before the answer came.

It is a river,

*Sasami, Ryoko has taken the news hard. It is hard to say what she will do.*

*But Tsunami, will she leave? Will she go back to being a pirate?*

*I don't know.*

That drowns,

the tender reed,

Ryoko sat on the roof. She watched the stars with non-seeing eyes.

Tenchi didn't want her.

Some say love,

He had chosen Aeka. He didn't need her, didn't want her. He wanted Aeka.

It is a razor,

She had nothing left to live for. Why do I stay here anyway? she thought
bitterly. He dosen't need me. He dosen't want me. I should leave. I will
leave. I'll go back. I'll go tonight. She sat on the roof, not noticing Aeka
at the window below.

that leaves your heart to bleed.

Akea sat happily, beaming with delight. I'll finally get to marry Tenchi! I
love him! I wish I could just leave right now with him! That poor woman,
she'll never get Tenchi now. I wonder how she'll take this? Aeka didn't
spend much time on the thought. I'm with Tenchi!

I say love,

Washu sat on the couch, thinking. I'm glad for Tenchi and Aeka and all that,
but how will Ryoko take this? And what about the rest of us? What about me?
If I don't get out of here, I'll start crying. I'll go to the lab.

It is a flower,

Sasami looked up at the sky. *Tsunami,* she asked, * what sill happen now?
Will we leave for Juri? Will we all be split up?* *Sasami, I just don't
know.*

and you it's only seed.

Tenchi sat in his room. I hope Ryoko won't be too upset, and Little Washu.
but what will happen to us now? Me and Aeka will have to go back to Juri.
What about Re-oh-okie? I would hate to see the fight between Ryoko and
Sasami on that one.

When the night,

Ryoko sat angerly staring at the stars. Why did he do this? Why did he leave
me!? "Tenchi!" she yelled. She exploded in a cloud of rage,knocking the roof
and sections of the walls out of the house. She flew upward, just as
Re-oh-okie jupmed off Sasami's shoulder and morphed into a spaceship. Ryoko
jumped in and headed for the stars. "If nobody loves me here, I'll return to
the stars!" she yelled before taking off into space.

has been to lonley,

and the road, has been too long,

"Ryoko!" Sasami yelled, watching the pirate blast off into the stars.
'Tsunami," she said, saying the word so everyone heare her, "What will
happen now? What will happen-" her words were ended by sobbing.

and you think,

that love is only,

for the lucky,

and the strong,

Tenchi sat in stunned silence. Ryoko had gone. She had returned to the
stars.

Just rember,

in the winter,

Far beneath the bitter snows,

lies the seed,

that with the suns love,

in the spring,

becomes a rose.
