REVENGE ON RYO-OHKI

	Formality Note: All characters are copyright of AIC/Pioneer LDC Inc.
And just so you know: this is set in OAV continuity (more or less), which 
is why Kagato has white hair and yellow eyes.

by Cabbit Lover

	The first thing Tenchi became aware of was the throbbing of his 	
head.  <i>Did Grandpa hit me too hard in sword practice again?</i> he 	
wondered.
	The second thing he became aware of were the straps holding him 
down.  Hewas manacled to something like an operating table.  “Oh, I get 
it!” he laughed, nervously.  “Washu must have kidnapped me for some 
experiment.”
	“I only wish that were the cause,” sighed Washu’s voice.  Tenchi 
turned his head to his left -- no easy feat, since his forehead was 
similarly manacled -- to see Washu in a similar predicament.  Slowly 
turning his head to the right, he saw that all the girls were in this state, 
as were his father and grandfather.  Even Ryo-ohki was pinned down, in her 
cabbit form.
	“Ah, you’re awake,” said a voice in a chilling tone.  What was 
especially chilling about the voice was that it belonged to a man long 
dead.  A man with white hair and bespectacled yellow eyes.  A man who 
was entering the room, dressed in a lab smock.
	“Kagato!” growled Ryoko.  “So you’re the one behind all this!”
	“Kagato?!” exclaimed Tenchi.  “But how?  I don’t understand, I blew 
you up!”
	Kagato took off his glasses and cleaned them with a cloth.  “Surely, 
Tenchi,” he said in a rather sarcastic tone, “even you must have heard of 
the concept of cloning.”
	“Cloning?” Tenchi repeated.  “So, was it the real you I destroyed, or 
a clone?”  “I think that’s a rather moot point, don’t you?”  Kagato asked in 
a cynical tone.  “Now, where was I?  Oh, yes...I’m going to gain my revenge 
on you all.
	“Don’t bother trying to escape,” he warned them.  “My bonds are 
negating all your powers.  Now who to start with?...I know!”
	He walked over to Ryo-ohki and drew out a scalpel.  “You couldn’t 
have pursued me into space without a spaceship.  So...I’m going to destroy 
your little transformer.”
	“No!” screamed Sasami.  “Not Ryo-ohki!”
	“You can’t kill her!” shouted Washu.
	“Watch me,” said Kagato in an arrogant tone.  Wielding the scalpel 
like a sacrificial dagger, he plunged the blade toward the tiny cabbit’s 
unprotected chest.
	Snip!
	Kagato stared at the broken scalpel, a look of disbelief on his face.  
He pulled out a forceps and plunged them at the cabbit’s soft-furred body, 
intending to split her apart.  These too broke. Now angry, Kagato tried a 
real knife.  This had no effect either.
	“Wait right there,” he snarled.  As he left, Kiyone started to slip her 
hands out of her bonds.
	“You...can do that?” asked Ryoko.
	“I learned how after a few mishaps with Mihoshi and handcuffs,” 
replied Kiyone.  “Don’t make me tell any stories.”
	“I won’t,” promised Ryoko.  “By the way, you might wanna know I’ve 
learned the same trick.”  She proved it by slipping her hands out of her 
manacles.
	“You’re not exactly someone who’d stay cuffed for long anyway,” 
smirked Kiyone.  Then she heard a noise.  “Oh, crap!  Kagato’s coming back!”
	“I got an idea!”  said Ryoko.  “Now that I’m out, I’ve got my powers 
back!”  She split into two Ryokos, and then one Ryoko recuffed the other.  
The one that remained free then recuffed Kiyone and turned invisible.
	Kagato reentered the room armed with various weaponry.  He tried an 
axe, a crowbar, Tenchi-Ken, and a Galaxy Police blaster on Ryo-ohki.  Then, 
after throwing grenades at her, he revved up a chainsaw and proceeded to 
go Texas Chainsaw Massacre on the “poor, defenseless” cabbit.  All it 
resulted in was an angry cabbit with messed-up fur.
	As the invisible Ryoko proceeded to free Tenchi and Washu, Sasami 
and Mihoshi proceeded to laugh at Kagato’s increasingly humorous and 
pathetic attempts to harm a surprisingly indestructible cabbit.  Even 
Ayeka was beginning to chuckle, and the other two male Masakis smirked.
	Kagato screamed with rage and, not even noticing that the other 
prisoners were being rescued, ran out of the room.  When he returned, it 
was with a James Bond-style laser, the kind used in the scene where Bond 
asks, “Do you expect me to talk?” and the bad guy says, “No, Mr. Bond, I 
expect you to die!”
	With the words “Must...kill...this...bloody...furball” falling from his 
foaming lips, Kagato proceeded to laser-slice Ryo-ohki.  Of course, all 
that got sliced were the manacles holding Ryo-ohki to the table and 
negating her powers.  One shrug, and the tiny cabbit was free!
	And she wasn’t the only one.  Tenchi had freed up Noboyuki, 
Yosho/Katsuhiko, and Ayeka.  While Ayeka released Sasami, the older 
Masaki males had freed Ryoko’s duplicate and the Galaxy Police (after a 
*very* quick feel-up, of course).
	“Hands up, Kagato!” shouted Kiyone as she leveled a Galaxy Police 
blaster at the evil scientist.  “There’s no way in hell you can take us all 
on!”
	“Especially not if a little animal can stump you!” added Mihoshi, 
enjoying it a little too much.  “I mean, could you believe it?  You wouldn’t 
expect something that looks and acts like a cute baby pet to be 
indestructible, would you?  Boy, oh, boy!  And here I thought the tiny little 
thing was a goner!  Imagine my surprise when you couldn’t even dent the 
thing!  I mean, really -- ”  Kiyone eventually shut Mihoshi up by stepping
on her foot.
	“The point is,” said Washu, “when I said you couldn’t kill Ryo-ohki, I 
meant it.”
	“Wanna bet?” snarled Kagato.  Immediately, he teleported to the 
control room of his new spaceship.  “I’m going to do what I should’ve done 
in the first place -- finish you all off in one fell swoop!  I’m going to 
activate the self-destruct sequence!”
	“Which is our cue to get out of here!” said Ryoko, when the Tenchi 
crew heard this dire threat over the monitor.  “Now, Ryo-ohki!”  Ryo-ohki 
began to shape-shift into her own spaceship form.
	“No, *no,* NOOOO!” screamed Kagato, acting like every inch the 
madman as his  glasses came loose and he started hitting his controls like 
a child having a temper tantrum.  “You can’t do this!  I won’t let you!  This 
is my revenge!”
	“Sorry, Kagato,” said Ryoko as everyone started filing into the 
slowly-expanding spaceship *Ryo-ohki*.  “Maybe next clone!”
	The *Ryo-ohki* smashed out of the other ship’s hull as she grew.  
When fully grown, the *Ryo-ohki* flew for Earth with its crew and family, 
leaving behind a half-destroyed spaceship that became fully-destroyed in 
an explosion moments later, despite its pilot’s protests.

	On a barren planet of ice, in a secret base, a man awoke as his 
cryogenic unit thawed out.  This man crawled out of the tank that had kept 
him in suspended animation.  He remembered everything that happened to 
him: a death at the hands of one Tenchi Masaki, then another at the hands 
of his friends.
	But Kagato was not without friends himself.  Rows upon rows of 
friends, cloned from his own genes, each of which would be thawed to 
avenge the deaths of his successors.
	The latest Kagato laughed as he walked down the halls of the 
warehouse-like chamber.  It was a chilling laugh, made even more 
chilling...because it was the laugh of a dead man.

THE END

(Author’s Note: OK, so I don’t know if Ryo-ohki could really survive all the 
things Kagato did to her.  But what was I supposed to do, let Kagato 
murder a baby?  Especially one that darned *cute?*  I’m called Cabbit 
Lover for a reason, you know.)