Disclaimer:  For those of you who are counting, this is my
third, and hopefully best, MST to date.  Ronin is an
original character of my own design.  The other members of
the Anime Allies are property of various companies, and I do
not have any ownership over them.  That being said, let the
lemon-bashing begin!
                 Ronin and the Anime Allies
                   MST of "Mihoshi's Best"
                              
(Ronin sits on the floor of his dojo in a meditative trance.
Slowly, his ice-blue eyes open.)
Ronin:  I sense evil.  There is something amiss here.
(Ronin walks over to his computer.  His eyes widen in
horror.)
Ronin:  No.oh dear god, NO!  It's a.a.lemon!  And a poorly
written one as well!  I cannot allow this travesty of
literature to go unpunished!  (Raising arms above head)
Anime Allies, I need your help.  Your comrade, the Phoenix
Knight, summons you here!
(A swirling mist gathers at Ronin's feet.  Slowly, a dark
rift forms in the air above Ronin's head.)
Ronin:  Yes, come forth, my allies!..oh crap.  (Ronin holds
an umbrella over his head.  The action proves futile as a
large mass of anime characters fall out of the rift and onto
the Phoenix Knight.)

"Oroo."
(A short man wearing a white hakama and a sword at his belt
rubs his head and slowly rises to his feet.)
Kenshin Himura:  Well, that was certainly unexpected, that
it was.

(A dark cloud forms from the pile of bodies.  A frightening
white face and large, clawed hands protrude from it.)
Kain:  Damn you, Phoenix Knight.  Why do I have
to be a recurring character in your madness?

(A cute, yet flat-chested figure dusts herself
off.  She throws her hair back and smiles
mischievously.)
Lina Inverse:  Oh, Ronin. (Magic energy begins
forming in her hands)  I've got something for
you.

(A man in a blue Japanese police uniform rises
from the pile.  He picks up his katana and
narrows his eyes.) Hajime Saito:  If this is
your doing, Ronin, I can assure you your death
will be swift.

Ronin:  I apologize for the abruptness of all
this, but my
intentions are of the purest.  You see, there's
this lemon-

All:  AAAAGGGHHH!  (The Anime Allies make a
break for it) (Ronin telekinetically shuts the
doors to the dojo)
Ronin:  I'm afraid escape is not possible.  If
we're going to survive this thing, we'll have
to work together.  We cannot allow something
like this to go untrashed.  Saito, doesn't your
code say to always slay evil immediately?
(Saito grumbles and looks at the floor)
Ronin:  Come on, guys.  Are you with me?
(Long silence)
Kenshin:  Very well, Ronin.  If it's for a
greater good, you have my assistance, that you
do.
Kain:  Were it not for Yamabushi taking
advantage of artistic license, I would devour
you, warrior.
Lina:  I guess there's no avoiding this.  But
after we're done, I'm launching a Dragon Slave
straight up your ass,
Ronin!
Saito:  It seems we have no choice.  Let us get
this over with.

Ronin:  Arigato, my friends.  Remember, courage.

This fanfic is not sutable for immature people.

Kenshin:  Sorry, Lina, you can't read this, that
you can't. Lina:  Watch it, scarface.

If you are not at an mature age please don't
read this fanfic.

Summary: Mihoshi wins tickets on the radio for a
romantic dinner after a
movie. She invite's Tenchi to go and well you
can guesse the rest.

Kain:  Go to a happy place.Go to a happy place.

Mihoshi was in her room typing her report for
her galaxy police job and
listing to the radio.

Ronin:  Listing to the radio?  What the hell is
that?

"The next person to call our station will win 2
tickets to "Flesh Eatter
2" and a dinner after the movie with a limo
ride. You might want to
invite someone special to go with you if you

know what I mean.

Saito:  No, we don't know, and we don't want to

know.

Just be the 9th caller on our Dinner and Movie

Weekend."

"Oh wow! 2 tickets to see "Flesh Eatter 2".

Mihoshi said. Ronin:  Ooh, Flesh Eatter 2.Sounds

like a real chick flick. "GIVE ME THAT PHONE!"

Ayeka said

Mihoshi heard all the noise and went down stairs
to cheak it out.


"I'm the one who's gonna win those tickets. Not
you princess." Ryoko
said

"You just want a moment along with Tenchi, but
your not gonna get it. I
am!" Ayeka said

Mihoshi took out her pocket her cell phone
and diled the radio number
and it began to ring.

Lina:  She takes out her pocket?  Ok..
Kain:  Hey, Mihoshi doesn't have a cell
phone.

"Give me the phone Ryoko!" Ayeka yelled

"Never! Tenchi and me were ment to be."
Ryoko yelled

"Oh Wow!" Mihoshi yelled

"Huh?" Ryoko and Ayeka looked at each other
weirdly

Ronin:  "ment to be"?  "weirdly"?  What the hell
kinda words is this author pulling out?
Saito:  The kind pulled out of one's ass.

"I won!" Mihoshi said

"Yes baby you won!" Joey the DJ said. "You get
to have a Dinner and
Movie. You will see your movie at the Tajahita
Cinama and have a
wonderful dinner at Shogun.

Kenshin:  There's a restaurant called Shogun?
Lina:  Must be like the Samurai Deli.

You can come pick up the tickets at the station.
You know where it is?"

"Do I ever!" Mihoshi said

"Ok! See ya then!" Joey said and hung up

"MIHOSHI!" Ryoko and Ayeka said. "You have to
give me the tickets!"

"No Way! I may be silly and clumsy but I'm not
stupid." Mihoshi said
running upstairs as Ryoko and Ayeka was chasing
her.

All:  (trying to stifle laughter.finally giving
up) BAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!

"No! Get away!" Mihoshi said.

Mihoshi was running so fast she didn't see
Tenchi standing there and
crashed into him.

Saito:  .The impact instantly killing Tenchi and
ending the fic.
All:  YAAY!

"Whoa! Mihoshi what's the rush?" Tenchi said

Ayeka and Ryoko was coming at them really fast.
Mihoshi grabed Tenchi's
arm and pulled them into Sasami's room.

Ronin:  Whoa, baby, didn't even wine him or dine
him!

"Come out of there with Tenchi!" Ryoko yelled
banging on the door.

"What do they want?" Tenchi said scared half to
death.

Kain:  They want your soooouuuls....

"Don't make me come in there!" Ayeka yelled
tring to get the door open.

"They want my tickets that I won on the radio
and I don't
even have them
yet." Mihoshi said turning red. "Do you wanna
go with me to see "Flesh
Eatters 2?"

"Sure." Tenchi said. "Does this weekend sound
good?"

"Oh Yeah! I'm off duty so I'll be free."
Mihoshi said happy and full of
joy. "Thank you Tenchi." Mihoshi gave Tenchi a
long kiss on the lips.
"It's a reward. See ya tonight."

Kenshin:  Is it just me, or did that not..
Saito:  .make any sense.  No, it's not you.
Lina:  "It's a reward"?  What the hell for?  He
didn't do anything.
Ronin:  Tonight?  Didn't they just set the date
for that weekend?
Kain:  Bear in mind, warrior, this is a lemon.
Sense and reason have no place here.

Mihoshi opened the door and Ryoko and Ayeka fell
throgh the door and
Mihoshi bolted out the door and throgh the
frount door.

Ronin:  And then ran around the house and up the
shrine steps and back down and around in a
circle and back into the house and into the
kitchen and to the living room and.. (Lina
whacks Ronin upside the head)
Ronin:  Suimasen.

Mihoshi took a
short cut to get to the city.  Tenchi wasn't
living very far from the
station.

Saito:  Yes he does.
Kenshin:  A lemon, Saito, remember?
Saito:  Right.  Never mind.

*That Night*


"Mihoshi! Please! I'll do anything for those
tickets." Ayeka said in
Mihoshi's bedroom while she was getting ready in
the bathroom.

Kain: (as Mihoshi, in a sexy tone) Oh,
really..anything, eh? Ronin:  Ah, jesus, Kain,
don't even!

"No Miss Ayeka. This is really important to me."
Mihoshi said. "I always
wanted to go on a date."

Mihoshi grabed the make up kit next to her.

Lina:  And dashed Ayeka over the head with it.

"But, loving lord Tenchi has always been a
fantasy of mine and well, I
would really like the tickets."

Ayeka said making fake tears.

"No. Now it's Ryoko's turn to give me a good
reason why I should give
you the tickets." Mihoshi said

Ronin:  That was a little.um.what's the word
I'm looking for?
Kenshin:  Stupid?
Kain:  Senseless?
Lina:  Inane?
Saito:  Really fucking dumb?
Ronin:  Yeah, all those.

Ryoko teleported into the room.

"Mihoshi? You would really like a promotion
right?" Ryoko said slyly.
"Well, I promuse to turn myself in if you give
me the tickets."

"Ok. I've heard enough." Mihoshi said. "I'm
gonna be late If I don't
hurry."

"Gr! Mihoshi! Give me the tickets!" Ryoko yelled

"No. Now I have to go or I'll be late." Mihoshi
grabed her spagettie
strap purse and ran out of the room. Tenchi was
down stairs waiting for
Mihoshi.

Lina:  Wait a minute.  Ayeka and Ryoko tried to
talk Mihoshi out of it?  Bullshit!  They'd be
trying to kill her right about now!

"I'm ready!" Mihoshi said

Mihoshi was wearing a min-skirt with a shirt
with a small star on it.

"Wow....Mihoshi...You look great." Tenchi said
studdring.

Ronin:  (As white-trash Tenchi)  Hyuk.gawrsh,
Mihoshi, you sure looks purdy.

"Thanks a lot Tenchi...Now come on! We'll be
late for the movie and we
have a limo waiting for us."

Mihoshi ran down stairs and grabed Tenchi's hand
and ran out the front
door.

"Have fun you 2." Tenchi's Dad said. "Nothing
frisky now. Ha ha ha."

The limo was at least 20-30 feet long.

Ronin:  Damn!  How does that thing get around
corners?

Ryoko and Ayeka was glaring at Mihoshi and
Tenchi getting in the limo.

Lina:  They was glaring?  I is getting really
sick of they's lack of grammatical skill.
Kenshin:  These lemon authors have the writing
skill of a
six-year old, that they do.

"Come on Tenchi." Mihoshi said. "The limo won't
bite."

Tenchi steped in and saw the whole limo.

Kain:  .Just before it bared its fangs and
chomped down on his head, bringing the fic to a
gruesome, yet deserved end. (All wave flags and
cheer)

It had green carpeting and the
walls were lepor-spotted,

Ronin:  A leper!  Unclean!!! Unclean!!!

and wine on  the mini-bar in front of him. The
drivers window was raised down. Mihoshi's pretty
blue eyes glisned at
the luxiory and beutiful suroundings.

Saito: Thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-
six..these spelling errors are getting too
frequent.

"Wow Tenchi! Isn't this romantic." Mihoshi said

"Yeah." Tenchi said still looking at everything.

"You guys ready?" The driver said. "The movie
starts in 10min."

"Wow we better get going." Mihoshi said.

The driver started the engine and rolled up the
little window to leave
Mihoshi and Tenchi in private.

Kenshin:  Oh dear.  This doesn't look good, that
it doesn't. Lina:  We have to be strong,
Kenshin.  Maybe it won't happen.
Kain:  When facing a lemon author, Inverse,
mercy is lost.

"So...What's the movie about?" Tenchi said
scooting closer to Mihoshi.

Ronin:  Well, it's called Flesh Eater 2, so.
Saito:  .probably something like a romantic
comedy, I'd say.

"Well, I don't want to give it away." Mihoshi
said slyly. "But you'll
find out."

"Oh..Ok." Tenchi said. "My friends say it's a
pretty scary movie.

"Oh it is." Mihoshi said with a excited face.

Lina:  (As Mihoshi)  It features a tentacle rape
scene with Sasami and Ryo-ohki!
All:  AAAAAAHHHHHH!!!
Kenshin:  Oro?  I appear to have soiled my
hakama. (Saito turns away in disgust.  All
slowly edge away from Kenshin)

"Its tearing up the box
office. The Tajahita Cinama is the coolest!
They have suround sound and
a huge screen. I went there with Kiyone to
see the Police Policeman
Movie."
Mihoshi then discovered she was acting like a
little kid waiting to go
on a rollercoaster for the first time.

Ronin:  When I was about to ride a roller
coaster for the first time, I was scared out
of my mind.  I almost wet myself.
(Kenshin flashes a hurt look)
Ronin:  Oh, sorry man.

"I'm sorry. I'm acting like a little
kindergardener." Mihoshi said
blushing of imbrassment.

Lina:  A kindergardener.Is that like a
kinderlawnmower? Kain:  More like a
kinderhousepainter.
Saito:  Or a kinderroofspecialist.

"It's ok Mihoshi." Tenchi said "I understand.
That's what I like about
you. Your so carefree unlike the other girls.
Well, maybe Sasami."

Lina: Nah, she's an uptight little bitch too.
Saito:  Hey!  Watch it!
Ronin:  That was very rude, Lina!  You know
Saito's a huge Sasami fan.
(Saito blushes and hides his face)
Lina:  What?
Kenshin:  Indeed.  He's the president of the We
Love Sasamichan Fan Club, that he is.
(Lina starts laughing uncontrollably)
(Saito looks at the ground in shame)
Kain:  Enough.  We must forge ahead.

"Really?" Mihoshi said. "You really like me?"

"Well, yeah!" Tenchi said. "You can put it that
way."

"Wow!" Mihoshi said. "No ones ever had a crush
on me before."

"Wait that's not what I mean." Tenchi said with
a swet drop from his
head. "I mean I like you the way you are not
like..well you know."

Ronin:  One excruciatingly long, awkward
silence later.

Mihoshi was staring at Tenchi for a while and
looked kinda upset. "It's
ok Tenchi." Mihoshi said putting on her
carefree face.

Kenshin:  It must be a bother to carry around a
bunch of faces to switch around, that it must.

The limo then stopped and pulled up to the
entrance of the theather.

"Where here!" The driver said.

Ronin:  (Indian voice)  Where here?  Chief
Wounded Bear not know.

The driver got out of the car and opened the
door. As Tenchi and Mihoshi
stepped out there were cameras flashing and TV
crews everywere.

"Mihoshi! What's going on?" Tenchi said covering
his face from the
flashes of the cameras.

"I almost forgot to tell you." Mihoshi said also
being blinded by the
cameras. "I'm in the movie! I play one of the
people running from the
Flesh Eatters."

All:  WHAAA???
Kenshin:  Oro?
Ronin:  Now wait just a minute.
Lina:  When the hell did this happen?

"So Mihoshi." A news woman said getting right in
front of her face.
"Who's your little friend?"

"I rather not talk about it." Mihoshi said.

Ronin:  OH!  That sounded like a dis!
Saito:  Heheh.Tenchi's a loser.
Kain:  (mocking tone) Yes, everyone knows Sasami
is the best.
Saito:  Quiet, you.

She grabed Tenchi's arm and ran throgh the
crowed of desperate news people. They ran throgh
the
entance and closed the door keeping the crazy
reporters and fans out.

"Whew!" Mihoshi said. "I'm sorry I forgot to
tell you I was in the
movie.

Kenshin:  And the author apparently forgot to

tell us.

We have 5min til the movie starts."

Kain:  Hmm.for Mihoshi, she has an uncanny sense
of time. "We better hurry." Tenchi said. "Too
bad we won't be able to get
popcorn."

"Were having a dinner after this." Mihoshi said
giggling. "We don't want
to spoil it."

"Oh yeah!" I almost forgot." Tenchi said.

Ronin:  Right.you almost forgot.only the most
important part of your DATE.

"Come on!" Mihoshi said "This way." Tenchi and
Mihoshi ran down and
empty hall and ran into the movie.

Lina: .and banged their heads.
(Others look at Lina, confused)
Lina: C'mon!  You know that old joke.A man
walks into a bar and says "ouch".you know.
(Others continue looking confused)
Lina: Oh, screw you guys.

They found a good seat right in back
with a perfect view and everything.

"We made it just in time!" Mihoshi said sitting
in the seat right in the
middle. "It's just starting."

Saito:  Wait, I thought they had five minutes.
Kenshin:  Not with this author, they don't.
Ronin:  Well, maybe it was just a really long
hallway they ran through.
Kain: .Nah, it's just the author.

Tenchi sat in the seat right next to Mihoshi.

Lina:  Right next to her?  No..way.. I mean, who
sits next to their DATE during a movie?

"Look!" Mihoshi whispred. "There's me. It took
about 20 takes just to
get this part because I kept falling, triping or
knocking things over."

Tenchi could hardly belive Mihoshi was right
there on the screen. She
was walking into the kitchen and saw a dead man
on the floor with a
knife in his chest.

Ronin:  (Crossing fingers)  Please be the
author, please be the author.

"AAAAHHH!" Mihoshi's charactor screamed.
"Kashito! Oh My God! What
happened?"

Saito:  (As Kashito, in a cheerful tone)  Well,
I was just making up some jelly sandwiches when
wouldn't ya know it, the darn knife got STUCK IN
MY FUCKING CHEST!

Mihoshi's charator ran to the phone and picked
it up to call 911. Then someone from behind her
grabbed her and had a knife in his
hand.

"Hello Kira! You tried to kill me." The man
said. "Now I will kill you."

"Get away!" Kira said and hit the killer in the
head with the phone and
ran upstairs. Then the killer was already
upstairs and grabbed Mihoshi
by the arm and threw her agenst the wall.

Kenshin:  Wow, it seems the killer can teleport,
that he can.

"Ahhhh!" The crowed screamed. Mihoshi was
holding on to Tenchi's arm.
Even though she's seen the movie before.

"Please! No get away!" Kira screamed. The killer
rasied the knife and
stabbed Kira in the shouder. Kira screamed and
sled to to the floor as
Kira was crying in pain. The killer then got a
gun and pointed it at
Kira then a huge german shepered named Ryoohki
(Mihoshi came up with the
name of the dog.) grabbed the killer by the hand
and got shot in the ear
as the dog fell to the ground with a yelp Kira
had time to get away.

(All sit dumbfounded)
Lina:  (After a long silence)  .what?!?
Ronin:  Did anyone get that last scene?
Kain:  Nope.
Saito:  Uh-uh.
Kenshin:  No way, Jose.
Ronin:  So, he stabbed her, then he pulled out a
gun and pointed it at a dog who, until a couple
seconds ago, didn't exist.then..then.NO!  No, it
hurts my head!

***********************************************

"I'm just glad the whole thing is over" Kira
said to her dog Ryoohki as
the bodie of the killer was floating down the
river and into the sea.

Saito: Wow.  That was a short movie.
Lina:  I wish we could say the same thing about
this fanfic. Kenshin:  Only one psychotic
killer?  Where are the Flesh Eaters?
Ronin:  The author must've forgotten them.  Too
much marijuana causes brain damage, I've heard.

"Wow Mihoshi!" Tenchi said with an impressed
look. "You act really
great."

"Thanks Tenchi." Mihoshi said blushing again.
"It was just a hobbie.
Come on let's get back to the limo." Tenchi and
Mihoshi took the other
exit to avoid being attacked by reporters.

Ronin:  Attacked?  A little extreme in the word
usage, don't you think?
Kenshin:  Maybe the reporters realized how bad
the story is.

Mihoshi whisled to the limo
driver to srive to where they were. The plan
worked with flying colors
and they were off to Shogun.

"What did you think of the movie Tenchi?"
Mihoshi asked.

Saito: Oh, he thought it SUCKED; what the hell
do you think he's going to say?

"It was great Mihoshi!" Tenchi said. "I never
thought you could act so
good.

Kain:  Act so good?
Lina:  White-trash Tenchi returns.

 Did you do your own stunts."
"Well, most of them but not all." Mihoshi said
"I did the jumping off
the expolding building. I did the knife one and
I did the gun one and
the motercycle chase. It was my fav."

Tenchi was so impressed of how Mihoshi did all
that stuff. Tenchi was
getting a little edgey and had a tingling
feeling in the lower area.

All: O_O'
Ronin:  Well, if you think about it, it makes
perfect sense. Mihoshi can do her own stunts, so
obviously, Tenchi wants to nail her now.
(Long silence)
Lina:  That doesn't make any sense at all!

He was horny and wanted to get Mihoshi in bed.
Tenchi looked at Mihoshi on the other side of
the limo looking out the window so inoccent and
carefree. Tenchi looked at her breast and felt
even hornyer.

Saito:  Her breast?  As in singular?  What, does
she only have the one?

He stopped and said to him self to wait till
she's tired and weak then ask her.

Kenshin:  He's a true gentleman, he is.  Wait
until your date is weak, then pose a sexual
situation.  That's so sweet, that it is.

Tenchi and Mihoshi's dinner was great. Tenchi
had 3 Sakis in a row!

Saito:  Ok, that's not Tenchi at all.

Mihoshi had 5! They had hamburger stake and
krapes for dinner along with
some shrimp and miso soup. Mihoshi and Tenchi
was being a little to loud

Lina: They was being to loud.Is this author from
a freaking trailer park or something?

and they had to be thrown out. It was
embarassing but it was cool.

Ronin:  Ah, wonderful message for the audience.
(Flashing thumbs-up)  Remember, kids, causing a
public disturbance is cool!

"Wow! Tenchi I had a great time!" Mihoshi said
yelling. Tenchi had to
carry her to the limo because she was drunk.
Tenchi was half drunk but
he managed. Tenchi sat her in the limo and
Mihoshi had some coffie to
calm her nerves. The driver raised up the little
window and drove out
the lot of the resturant.

"Mihoshi? Are you ok?" Tenchi said waking her

up.

"Yeah. I'm alright." I feel kind of imbrassed.

I'm sorry." "Mihoshi!" Tenchi said grabbing

her arm. "I lied."

Mihoshi cocked her head in counfusion. "About

what?"

Kain: (as Tenchi) I'm really the Flesh Eater!
Prepare to die!


"I really....I really do love you." Tenchi said
with a little imbrassed
look. "I really have a crush on you and I can
admet that."

"Tenchi I-" Mihoshi was starting to cry. "Tenchi
I want to have sex with
you!" Mihoshi quickly covered her mouth. "I'm
sorry."

"Mihoshi." Tenchi said with a very serious
voice. "I will."

Saito:  No reason to doubt his sincerity.oh
wait.  They're DRUNK!

Mihoshi went over to Tenchi and kissed him on
the lips. Tenchi was
supised how good she was at kissing. Mihoshi and
Tenchi fell to the
floor. Their kissing lasted for a minute. Then
Mihoshi sat up and
unbuttoned Tenchi's jacket and took off his
shirt.

Ronin:  Ah, yes, screw the romantic cuddling.
Just go straight for the knickers.

Then Tenchi took a hold of Mihoshi's breast.
Mihoshi giggled and took off her shirt and there
was her bra. It was pink with a little flower in
the middle. Tenchi went to the back of her bra
and tried to unbuckle it. Mihoshi took her hands
in the front where the buckle was and undid it
and it came completely off.

Lina:  Haha!  She had to do it for him!
Saito:  How embarrassing for the boy.

 Mihoshi then turned around and kissed Tenchi
again.
Then Tenchi started to pull down her skirt.
There was her white thin
panties as Tenchi put his hands on her hip he
slowly pulled them down.

Ronin:  And then she screamed, "AGH!  You're
pulling off my pelvis!"

Tenchi got on top of Mihoshi and started
kissing her and rubing her
large breast.

Kenshin:  Again with the single breast.  She's
a freaky girl, she is.

Mihoshi began to moan in plesure. Tenchi then
went down to her breast and started to lick and
nibble on her nipples. Mihoshi was
moan withe pleasure really loud.

Saito:  She was moan withe pleasure really
loud.dear god, will someone just kill me now.

"Tenchi...Oh...My." Mihoshi said that
over and over again. Then Tenchi put is finger
in her vagina and started
to rub it back and forth. Mihoshi was moaning a
little louder now and
rubbing her hair. Tenchi then took his finger
and stuck it up her
peehole.

Lina:  (crossing her legs) Jesus H. Christ!
Kain:  urp..(doubles over and begins vomiting)
Ronin:  (rubbing Kain's back)  Ok, buddy.  Let
it all out.holy crap, is that a boot?

Mihoshi was almost screaming this time. Tenchi
pulled it in and
out faster and faster.
"Oh.....Oh....Keep..going....Oh." Mihoshi said
rubbing her breast to the rhythm of Tenchi
rubbing her vagina. Then they
stopped. Mihoshi sat up and wrapped her arms
around Tenchi. It was his
turn.

Kenshin:  Ah, she's going to rub his vagina now?
Saito:  If she does the peehole thing, I swear
to god I'm committing seppuku.

Mihoshi then began to kiss him and then went
down to his chest and
started to lick his nipples. Tenchi began to
moan and rub Mihoshi's hair
as she nibbled on them. Then Mihoshi made her
way down to Tenchi's cock
and began to lick it. Tenchi was moaning with
pain and pleasure.

Ronin:  BJ's don't hurt.  Tenchi's a pussy.

Mihoshi then got to his penis and began to suck
it.

Kain:  She just got there?  Wasn't she just
licking..urp! (continues vomiting)

Tenchi was holding the seat very tightly as
Mihoshi was sucking his cock and putting it down
her
throat. Tenchi was cuming her down her thoat and
Mihoshi was swollowing
every bit of it. Tenchi was cumming her so much
she could hardly swllow
it all and took Tenchi's penis out. and cum was
going all over the
floor. Then Tenchi stopped cumming and fell back
and Mihoshi fainted.
The driver had stopped and they were at the
house and Ryoko and Ayeka
was waiting at the front porch.

Lina:  (as driver)  Hey, kids, we're here, I---
OH MY GOD! Saito:  How much you bet they're
paying for the upholstery?

"OH NO!" Tenchi yelled. He quickly scarmbled to
put his
pants and
underwear on. "Mihoshi wake up!" Tenchi yelled.
The driver knocked on
the window and asked if they were ready.

"No not yet." Tenchi said. "Don't open the door
yet."

Ronin: (as Tenchi) We're still having sex.I
mean, reciting poetry.

Tenchi tried to dress Mihoshi while she was
passed out. But it was too late Ryoko and
Ayeka was running for the limo!

Kenshin:  Tenchi's not going to look good, that
he isn't. There's ejaculate all over the floor,
and his date is naked and unconscious.
Ronin:  Heh.reminds me of this time with
Kiyone.Man, that woman was something else.
Lina:  Isn't she a lesbian? Saito:  She is now.
Ronin:  SHUT UP!

"Oh no." Tenchi tried hard to find out how the
bra got on. He finnaly
mastered it.

Ronin: (as Mr. Miyagi) Tenchi-san, show me Sand
the Floor. Now Paint the Fence.  Now Hook the
Bra.

Tenchi then tured around and locked the limo
door. Tenchi then put Mihoshi's panties on. Then
he put her shirt and her skirt on
and signaled the driver to open the door. He
pick Mihoshi up and put his
jacket on her cause she was shivering. The
driver opened the door and
Ayeka and Ryoko tackled Tenchi to the ground
while he was holding
Mihoshi.

"Tenchi! I'm so glad your back!" Ryoko and Ayeka
said together.

Kenshin:  Apparently, they don't see all the
suspicious white liquid in the limo.

"Hey! Get off me your crushing Mihoshi not
including me!" Tenchi said
trying to get them off of him.

"I'm sorry Tenchi!" The girls said.

"Back off Princess!" Ryoko said. "How many times
do I have to tell you
that Tenchi is mine and always will be."

"I don't see your name on him so back off."
Ayeka said.

Lina:  (as Ryoko)  Yes, it is.  I snuck into his
room last night and tattooed it on his-
(Everyone covers Lina's mouth)

Tenchi had enough time to escape with
Mihoshi.

Ronin:  Yes, he ran off into the night, and
the sheriff
could never find him.

He opened the other door and snuck out of the
limo. He stud up with Mihoshi in his hands and
walked into the house. Everyone was asleep so he
sat Mihoshi on the
couch cause he didn't want to wake Kiyone. Then
he kissed Mihoshi good-
night and went to his room.

Saito:  Where an angry mob of TM fans were
waiting with lead pipes and hayforks.

There's no second chapter to this beacause it
wouldn't make any sence

Kenshin:  Well, to tell the truth, it didn't
make much sense to begin with, that it didn't.

however, There will be one for the others but a
lot better then
Mihoshi's. She's my fav charactor and I screwed
it up. I'll try to make
another one.

Kain:  No, thank you.  You've screwed up quite
enough as it is.

UPDATE: I will make 2 more lemons One is called
Sakuya's Best and
Nobiyuki the Rapest

Lina:  This confirms it.  There is no god.

Cool huh?

Ronin:  Um.how about..NO.

Well I g2g. Have any Qs? Well I have The A's!
Send me an email if you have any qustions or
comments. Please don't say anything
about the spelling. I know it's bad. Sorry but
I'll try better. My e-
mail is mihoshi_spacegirl@yahoo.com.

Saito:  Hmm.you know the spelling is bad.  Well,
here's a novel idea; try a freaking dictionary!
Kenshin:  Can we leave now?  I have to change my
hakama. Ronin: Very well.  My friends, you have
all shown the utmost of courage in the face of
adversity.  If you really want, you can leave.
(Anime Allies immediately head for the nearest
exit)
Ronin: .But you'll miss the big party later.
(Allies stop and turn around)
Lina: What kind of party?
Ronin: (smiling broadly)  Well, we're gonna
start off by playing Charades, and then it's
Macarena time!  (Ronin starts dancing)
(Anime Allies look at each other.  They all
nod.)
Kain: I've been waiting a long time for
this.(transforms into demonic dragon)
Saito:  You've had this coming, warrior.
(drawing katana) Aku.  Soku.  Zan.
Lina:  Booya!  This is my kind of party!
Darkness beyond twilight.crimson beyond blood
that flows.
Kenshin: (Turning his sakabatou around) Screw
this peaceful
crap.  I'm kicking this guy's ass, that I am!
(Ronin freezes.  Anime Allies smile.)
Ronin:  Eep.

THE END

Yamabushi's Note:  Hope you enjoyed this, my
third MST of all time.  Mihoshi Spacegirl, I do
apologize for being as mean as I have been in
this, but quite honestly, lemons of this sort
are something I find abhorrent.  I apologize if
I have offended you at all.  Anyway, I'm always
looking for new stories to MST, so if anyone has
any suggestions, please send them to
KinjiruSan13@aol.com .  Thank you.  Good night,
everybody!



