I don't own these characters or profit from them

Ryo-oki killed everyone
By, Clayton Overstreet

  Ryoko tapped her fingers on the edge of the chair and stared at Aeka. "You 
know, as I sit here I can't help but comment. If you hadn't taken my gem, we 
wouldn't be in this mess."
  Aeka frowned. "Look, I apologized! How was I supposed to know that the 
only thing that gave Ryo-oki a consience was you? I thought you were using 
the gem to control Tenchi."
  Tenchi sighed. "Aeka, Ryoko has a point. I told you that I loved her and 
you cut her hand off in her sleep."
  Aeka frowned. "It's not like it wouldn't grow back. Besides, this is your 
fault. If you had just married me..."
  Ryoko frowned. "If he had married you it wouldn't matter anyway. As I 
recall a major part of the ceremony says 'Until death do we part.' I tell 
you, after this I am finding a different ceremony for when we get married."
  Tenchi sighed and looked around. They had been here for three days. He had 
told Ryoko that he loved her and then announced it to the others. That night 
Aeka had snuck into his room, taken the master key, and used it to cut off 
Ryoko's hand. At that point Ryoko was no longer linked to Ryo-oki and the 
cabbit had immediately blown up the planet, then started rampaging across 
the galaxy.
  Apparently it had been the link with Ryoko that stopped Kagato's 
programing and made her nice. Nobody blamed her for it. After all you can't 
do evil if you don't have the option of doing good. Ryoko assured them that 
once she got her gems back Ryo-oki would be back to normal.
  Now normally Sasami and Tsunami would have resurected them by now. But 
apparently it took a lot of work to bring back thirteen destroid planets and 
make sure that nobody knew what happened. So Tenchi and the others had been 
informed that since they were the direct cause, they would have to wait 
until last. So they had been lead to the waiting room where they had been 
this entire time.
  It wasn't too bad. There was a television, so Noboyuki and Tenchi had 
something to do. Yosho was just enjoying knowing that his years as a priest 
were well spent. Ryoko and Aeka had been fighting so they were busy. Except 
of course for the two hours Ryoko had broken out and snuck into Asguard, the 
Viking afterlife.
  Washu had spent the last three days playing with a Rubix cube. Finally she 
gave out a defeated sigh and threw it across the room. "That's it, I give 
up!" Mihoshi picked it up and began playing with it. Five minutes later she 
had almost slid the last piece into place when Washu put her energy sword 
against Mihoshi's neck. "If you solve that I swear I'll tear your head off."
  Unfortunately when Ryoko had run off that left Aeka alone with Tenchi. She 
had spent the entire two hours asking how he could choose Ryoko over her and 
telling him that Royal blood should have been all that mattered. Then she 
had broken down crying when Tenchi had explained that he saw her like a 
sister and stll cared for her.
  Now they were all bored and milling around. Ryoko and Aeka refused to talk 
to eachother even to fight except for Ryoko occasionaly blaming Aeka for the 
whole thing.
  Tenchi looked over at Ryoko. "Will you please just forgive her already? 
She apologized and it was an accident."
  Ryoko looked at him for a minute, then sighed. "Fine, I forgive her." She 
disappeared and reappeared on his lap smiling. "You are just so sweet 
Tenchi." She kissed him on the mouth.
  Aeka fummed and stood up. "Miss Ryoko, this is totally inapropriate! You 
may have him, but until you are married that is totally out of the 
question." She reached out to pull Ryoko off of Tenchi. Ryoko growled and 
with a flick of her wrist, threw Aeka into the wall.
  Tenchi broke the kiss and looked at her angrily. "Ryoko, that was uncalled 
for."
  Ryoko pouted. "Well she's butting in where she doesn't belong. Besides 
she's already dead and I am tired of having to hold back so much when we 
fight just so I don't hurt her."
  Tenchi looked at Aeka, who was peeling herself off of the wall. "Are you 
alright?"
  Aeka frowned. "Of course I'm not alright! I'm dead and I am getting no 
respect at all. You two are practically crawling all over eachother, not 
even taking your royal blood or my feelings into account. No selfrespecting 
noble would do anything like this."
  Tenchi bit his lip and looked at Ryoko. "Maybe we should hold off..."
  Yosho sighed. "Aeka, stop saying that. It just so happens that once a 
noble of age eighteen or more chooses someone they can do whatever they 
want."
  Ryoko grinned. "Oh I get it. Little prissy princess doesn't want anyone 
else to have fun so she makes up some story about royal ethics."
  Aeka's face turned red. "I did no such thing. I've never heard about 
anything like this Yosho."
  Tenchi thought about it. "Well you did leave Jurai when you were 
seventeen."
  Yosho shook his head. "No, that doesn't make sence. They teach sex 
education when you're just under Sasami's age."
  Aeka sniffed. "Well I didn't need any such thing, so I never took that 
class. My mother explained it to me when I was six."
  Mihoshi looked confused. "Explained what exactly?"
  Aeka looked at her. "That babies are made when a mommy and daddy love 
eachother very much, go into their room and pray together in private, then 
Tsunami leaves the baby in a tree."
  A deathly quiet filled the room as the others stared at her in shock. Aeka 
looked around at them. "What?"
  Ryoko started to speak, but Tenchi clapped his hand over her mouth. Then 
Aeka heard a snorting sound and saw Washu trying to keep from smiling. 
Aeka's confused look was too much for her. Washu burst out laughing, 
followed by Noboyuki, Mihoshi, Yosho, and Ryoko. Tenchi himself had tears in 
his eyes from his efforts not to laugh.
  Aeka glared at them. "What is so funny?" They all laughed harder and 
Tenchi clapped his hand over his mouth. "Oh this is so typical! You're all 
making fun of me." She turned away from them and pouted.
  Tenchi looked at her and felt bad. He elbowed Ryoko in the ribs and she 
stopped laughing too. Slowly the others calmed down and Tenchi said, "We 
weren't laughing at you princess. It's just that what you said... parents 
tell kids that when they are young. It's not where babies come from."
  Ryoko nodded. "He's right princess. If I had known that was what you 
thought I never would have been jealouse of you around Tenchi."
  Aeka shook her head, "What are you talking about?"
  They all looked nervouse and Washu sighed. "Fine, if you cowards won't 
tell her, then I will." She took Aeka's hand and led her to the other end of 
the room. "Now you see Aeka, you've seen Tenchi naked right..."
  Mihoshi giggled again and looked at Ryoko who smiled back. "Now that was 
funny."
  Ryoko laughed. "Yeah, it was." She looked at Tenchi. "Look, I'm sorry 
about being jealose of her all this time Tenchi. I feel so stupid."
  Tench smiled and rubbed her cheek. "It's alright Ryoko. I'm just going to 
consider myself lucky that we didn't live to hear that."
  She laughed again and hugged him. "I love you Tenchi."
  "I love you too Ryoko." They leaned in to kiss and were interupted by 
Aeka's sounds of disgust.
  "Miss Washu, that is just vile! I refuse to believe such a thing." Aeka 
said.
  Washu sighed and looked at Noboyuki. "Do you have one of your magazines on 
you?"
  Noboyuki smiled and pulled an old Penthouse out from behind his back and 
tossed it to Washu. "Who says you can't take it with you?"
  Washu showed Aeka the magazine. After a minute she turned away. "I believe 
I shall be ill. Are you sure I'm not in hell?" She looked at Tenchi and 
Ryoko suspiciously.
  Just then Tsunami appeared with Ryo-oki floating next to her in a glowing 
bubble. "O.K., time to go home."
  They all cheered and ran forward. On the way out Ryoko looked at Ryo-oki. 
"When we get home you and I are going to have a serious talk!" She picked 
the cabbit up and followed the others out.

The end

Author's note
  This was just a joke story. I have no real intention of posting it, but if 
I do please email me at clayton_n@hotmail.com


