RYO-OHKI'S FIRST LIFE ON EARTH

by Cabbit Lover

INTRO: OK, first off: "Tenchi Muyo", characters and all, is the copyrighted property of 
Pioneer LDC and some other guys.  No copyright infringement is intended, I'm just bored 
and thought this would make a cool story.

Second off: As you can probably tell from my handle, I love cabbits, especially 
Ryo-ohki.  It's not just the fact that she's cute; she's playful, friendly, and seems quite 
sensitive to the feelings of others.

Third off: You'll notice that Ryo-ohki won't know anyone's name except Ryoko's and 
won't be able to understand human speech, although she'll have a certain empathy.  
That's because, in case it's not obvious, Ryo-ohki will be just a baby animal.  You see, 
for my fanfic, I've decided to adapt "Tenchi Muyo" OVA #3, in which Ryo-ohki makes her 
first appearance as a cabbit, to show events from Ryo-ohki's viewpoint.

If it's too confusing:

Boy = Tenchi
Blue-haired lady/playfriend = Sasami
Purple lady = Ayeka
Old man = Yosho

And now, on with the show:

Ryo-ohki's first glimmerings of consciousness were a dim memory of her spaceship 
body crash-landing into a body of water.  With a foggy, dream-like awareness, she 
realized that she had gone into regeneration.  Someone seemed to be holding her egg.  
This feeling seemed to pass for a long time, stopping for only brief moments, as if her 
egg were being passed from hand to hand.  Eventually, Ryo-ohki summoned enough 
courage to hatch.
Ryo-ohki pushed against her egg, trying to hatch.  With an effort that seemed herculean 
for someone of her size, she managed to force out a foot.  Whoever was holding her egg 
dropped it.
After it stopped rolling, Ryo-ohki found her head and lifted it out of her egg.  Now it 
was just a shell, her birthing process complete.  She heard a giggling, and then a 
familiar voice spoke to her.  Strong hands lifted her up, and she recognized the voice 
and hands as belonging to her big sister Ryoko.
Ryoko talked with three people for a while, then two of them, a lady in purple robes 
and a boy, walked away.  The boy talked to the purple lady, and then she hit him.   Did 
the boy say something to anger the purple lady?
Ryo-ohki was put down for a moment as she opened her eyes.  She climbed a big, soft 
mountain, and then slid off the other end.  She then licked herself to clean herself off, 
then felt that there was another big lady in the room.
This big lady had blue hair, and she seemed nicer and friendlier than the lady who had 
hit the boy.  Ryo-ohki immediately liked the blue-haired lady.  She had a new 
play-friend!  Ryo-ohki climbed on her play-friend's shoulders and rubbed her cheek 
against the blue-haired lady's skin.  The blue-haired lady didn't shoo Ryo-ohki or try to 
push her off; in fact, she giggled happily.
Ryo-ohki heard big sister Ryoko talking, then the boy said something that seemed to 
make big sister Ryoko happy.  Big sister Ryoko hugged the boy and fondled him, then 
asked him a question.  But the boy's question didn't seem to make big sister Ryoko 
happy, and after shouting something at the boy, big sister Ryoko stumbled backwards 
and bumped into an old man.  The old man did something to big sister's chest, and she 
tried to hit him.  But the man stopped her punch!  Ryo-ohki thought that was amazing, 
because she knew how strong big sister was.
Then the old man walked over to Ryo-ohki and petted her.  The old man and the 
blue-haired lady talked, and the old man said something that seemed to make the boy 
angry.  The boy walked away, and that's when Ryo-ohki sensed that the purple lady was 
behind her.  Ryo-ohki hopped away and tried to go outside where the purple lady was, 
but she ran into an invisible wall of some kind.  Ryo-ohki phased through the wall, and 
continued to approach the purple lady.
Ryo-ohki could tell that the purple lady was sad, because she was crying about 
something.  Maybe a little nuzzling would cheer her up...
Instead, the purple lady screamed and leaped about, as if Ryo-ohki were a dangerous 
monster.  Then the purple lady calmed down.
Ryo-ohki introduced herself with a "Meow!"
"Ryo-ohki!" said the purple lady; seeing it was Ryo-ohki seemed to relieve her.  Then 
she made motions as if trying to shoo Ryo-ohki away.  Ryo-ohki tried to befriend her 
again, but the purple lady said something Ryo-ohki couldn't understand and walked 
away.  Ryo-ohki decided to follow her anyway, determined to make a new friend.  She 
followed the purple lady up some stairs and into a glade, and then the purple lady 
shouted something threatening.  Ryo-ohki stopped and scurried into the nearby flowers.
The purple lady turned to leave, then stopped.  Near where Ryo-ohki had gone was a 
purple flower.  The purple lady picked the flower, and Ryo-ohki thought the purple lady 
liked the flower because of its purple color.  But instead the purple lady started crying 
again.  Ryo-ohki wondered.  Had the flower hurt the purple lady somehow?  Ryo-ohki 
tried to lap up the purple lady's tears, but the purple lady said something that Ryo-ohki 
sensed meant "leave me alone".
As Ryo-ohki started to walk away, she saw something.  A pretty red flower was 
growing!  Maybe this flower would cheer the purple lady up!  Ryo-ohki "picked" the 
flower by gnawing through it, then put the bottom of the stem in her mouth and went 
over to the purple lady with the pretty red flower.  The purple lady's mood cheered up, 
and she tickled Ryo-ohki, smiling.  Ryo-ohki had made a new friend at last!
The purple lady talked about something that Ryo-ohki couldn't fully comprehend.  Then 
Ryo-ohki smelled something in the wind...something that smelled like food.  She leaped 
out of the purple lady's arms, waved "bye-bye" and hopped toward the food.
The food was in a big building.  Ryo-ohki spent a long time in the big building, looking 
around.  She hopped onto the rafters to get a better view of her surroundings.
 The purple lady came in, and she was wet for some reason.  Ryo-ohki hopped down, 
knocking over a few things.  Ryo-ohki jumped into the purple lady's lap when she sat 
down, hoping her friend would like to see her again!  But instead, the purple lady let out 
a squeal of fear, causing Ryo-ohki to leap away.  The boy came in, and the purple lady 
clutched him.  Had Ryo-ohki scared the purple lady?  She felt very bad about it.  She 
meowed out an apology.
The boy started a fire, and he and the purple lady talked.  Certain sounds were 
repeated, like "Ten-chee" and "Lay-dee-i-ay-kah" and one that sounded familiar, 
"Yoh-shoh".  Were these names?
Ryo-ohki found a big basket of orange sticks.  Some instinct told her these would taste 
good.  She pulled the basket over and asked for the sticks.  The boy -- apparently, he 
was "Ten-chee" took a stick out, called it a "care-rott" and offered it to Ryo-ohki.  She 
motioned toward it, and the man playfully tossed the "care-rott" away.  Ryo-ohki 
hopped over to the "care-rott" and ate it.  It was yummy!
Later, "Ten-chee" and "I-ay-kah" walked over to a tree.  It looked like a Juraian tree!  
Ryo-ohki, with a big bundle of "care-rott" sticks on her back, decided her blue-haired 
play-friend and big sister Ryoko would like to see it!  So after a few minutes of 
searching, she found them and led them to the tree.  "I-ay-kah" said something to the 
play-friend.  The play-friend mentioned Ryo-ohki's name, and Ryo-ohki meowed in 
agreement.  Then big sister Ryoko showed up, and she had a conversation with 
"Ten-chee" and "I-ay-kah".  Something made her angry, and she disappeared.  "Ten-chee" 
called Ryoko's name, and "I-ay-kah" said something.  "Ten-chee" sounded concerned 
about "I-ay-kah", but "I-ay-kah" seemed to say something about protection.  She and 
"Ten-chee" walked away.  Ryo-ohki's play-friend made a sound of confusion, and 
Ryo-ohki felt the same way.  Did "I-ay-kah" like "Ten-chee"?
Maybe she did.  Good.  Ryo-ohki liked "Ten-chee" too.

THE END
