I don't own these characters or profit from them.


Ryoko Number 5 (This is accurate. OVA, Universe, Tenchi in Tokyo, Zero, and 
Minagi)
By, Clayton Overstreet based on Weird Al's Bimbo #5

Ladies and Gentlemen, where is Ryoko #5?
Are you really for the 3rd OVA?

  One, Two, three, four, five
Yosho trapped Ryoko while she was barely alive.
Now he works in the shrine 'round the corner,
The girls wanna do Tenchi but he really doesn't wanna,
Get in trouble like he did last year,
When his daughter showed up and grabbed his rear.
He had Mayuka, Haruna, Sakuya who's Yugi,
And maybe five other girls in between.
But he'd like to try a new piece of thigh,
While old grape hair is on Jurai,
If she's dead or alive she will try to jump him,
And then she will hump him.
A little bit of Aeka, oh no more!
A little bit of Mihoshi out the door!
A little bit of Ryoko on the bed!
Everyone he's ever kissed now is dead...
Ryoko #5!
Pull his pants down and drop him to the ground,
Now meow like a cabbit and make a kitty sound.
She'll chase him so he runs away,
If he get's caught she'll kiss him anyway.
Clap your hands once, here's a big surprise,
Turns out Dr. Clay was wrong and he can't reproduce Ryoko right.
Aeka's gone away,
Maybe Miss Ryoko wants to play,
A little bit of adult Washu would be nice,
A little bit of Sasami, he's... on... ice.
Ryoko#5
Tsunami calls? Hahaha.
Hey baby, ever been involved with an apocalyptic madman?
As a matter of fact the cave does have the Jurai royal seal on it.
Hey, wanna see my lighthawk wings get real big? Hahaha!
Note to myself: nail her later
A little bit of Ryo-oki, oh no more!
A little bit of Kiyone out the door!
There's two Ryokos in his bed,
If Aeka finds out, boy... he's... dead!
Oh I do like Serio,
Will you please make Aeka your wife?
You know, get her outta the house cause I have some... gardening to do. 
Yeah, that's it.
  Oh excuse me, Ryoko number six? (Pretty Sammy version)

Author's note
  I'm saddened that nobody else beat me to this! Tell me what you think at 
clayton_n@hotmail.com
