

   
 
 A long, long time ago...  

I can still remember how the legends used to make me smile. And I knew 
that if I had my chance I could get those keys from gramps and answers 
to some questions I had as a child.

But the entrance made me shiver,  A iron gate that would not quiver, 

Fate laid upon my first step..I couldn't take one more step. I can't 
remember if I cried when finally I realized that the legends weren't 
lies. But something touched me from deep inside...The day Ryoko raised.


So Bye, Bye to the normal guy , found out Tenchi wasn't human had blood 
straight from Juria and to six fine girls his love he'll deny, Thinking 
of who it would hurt if he tried.of who it would hurt if he tried.

(Ryoko)

Did you read all those books of love,
And give Tenchi a love shove,
Only to have him fall a block away.  

Now can you beat Kagato, 
To save your true love's fallen soul,
And can hold him off so she has a chance to go.

(Ayeka)

Well I know that you think your prince is dead,
And you found a new love in the shed, 
He helped take off your shoes, 
And helped to heal those scrapes n" bruise
 
You were a lonely female future Queen,
Your tear streaked eyes spoke of broken dreams.
Your love ran out of luck,
The day Ryoko struck.

 ( refrain.normal guy)

(Washu)

Well for a countless age you've been on your own.
A eternal sentence served in stone.

But that not the way it used to be.
When you created for the King and Queen,
Science inventions from the academy, 
Till a child you lost.made you weak 

And your love was not around,
When your son stole by men from town 
The theft had left you burned.your son never returned

Soon you had a daughter who would leave her mark,
As she was stolen into the dark,
To destroy Juria as if it was a lark,

The day Ryoko Raised...we started singing (refrain)

(Mihoshi / Kiyone)

Oh.. Mihoshi wines and Kiyone helps her,
She cries one more time and I swear she'll belt her
Her tolerance once high is falling fast.

Well she dreams of promotions and of brass 
But with her partner all chances pass 
Although she was voted top of her class 

(Sasami)

Well the kitchen air smelled of fried mushroom 
And little girls meal would finish soon 

They all showed up to eat
But began fighting over a seat

As Ryoko tried to cop a feel,
Tenchi protested he could eat his own meal 
 
Do you recall how Ayeka feels..the day Ryoko raised 

(Refrain)

(Royal family)

And there they stood all in one place,
A entire empire ruling space,
With no one left to take the throne.

So come on to the past we must be quick,
Tenchi's fading and his mother's sick,

Cause someone has come to bring Juria to a end 
And as he ravaged Tokyo, Kain had one last place he had to go 
    

  

 

    




 
