Secret Wish


Okey-dokey, it’s time for a little poetry.  But first, let me just tell
you that not all poets are like those people who go to the open mic
nights at coffee houses, wear all black, are pale, and whine about the
sheer bleakness of life.  Some of us don’t really like coffee.  Anyway,
all joking aside, this should be a fun little outing, as there’s a
little secret to this poem that you can discover if you know what
you’re doing.  Try and figure it out on your own, it’s more fun that
way.  But if you can’t, there are two more lines to the poem at the
bottom of the page that will explain everything.  Enjoy!

Whenever I am lonely, and when I’m feeling sad,
All I do is think of her, and then I don’t feel bad.
She’s everything I want, she’s all that I desire,
Her beauty is all-consuming, like a raging forest fire.  But
Under that veneer lies a truly tortured mind, and
Under that facade, it’s pain that you will find.
Could I, should I, help to ease that pain?
How would I, could I, take that torture off her brain?
And if I couldn’t help her, well, then what should I do?
Never could I stand, dear lady, to see such anguish in you.
I love you with all my heart, and my mind and soul,
So sometime in the future, when reality is under my control,
My darling, I will come to you, and help you face your past.
I know our love is special, and something that could last.
Now, I know what you’re thinking, and though we’ve never really met,
Everything I’ve ever done has been leading to you, I’ll bet.

Though her name’s not mentioned, in the first letter of each line,
You will see that she’s for me, yes, “WASHUU-CHAN IS MINE!”

There, I told you that would be fun.  C&C to buckfloyd@yahoo.com,
please.  Think I’m an obsessive fanboy?  Then tell me so.  Granted, I
AM an obsessive fanboy, but you can still tell me if you wish.  This
was just a little diversion for those of you who like reading all my
work, while I take the next week to finish college, and a week or so
after that to finish up my special little crossover piece.  Jaa ne!