Disclamer Crap -.-;

I do not have advantage of Tenchi Muyo! Chars;No,I did not steal them for
Pioneer/AIC..So don't get a lawyer and sue me..I'm broke..If you happen to
want to sue me for no important reason,I only have twenty bucks and no loan
from me parents *watches super-deformed versions of her parents,her mom
beating a rug and her dad talking on the phone to someone who wants to rent
the fancy hall he works at* hehe..I think I've said enough..Authors notes at

the bottom of the page..Flames welcome.

--------
She's Got Him,and I Have..Nothing!
-------
The horridest time of my life..

There first day.Date.

They've only been going out 10 months,Ryoko.That is'nt that long.I said that

to myself.

Ayeka and Tenchi practicly never spent any free time without each
other..except for bed.

Once I saw Tenchi sneaking into Ayeka's room.My imagination,probably.

With nothing to do,I moped around the house.

If I talked to Tenchi,he'd only say little things like "Mhhm.Yeah.I think
so.No.No,not today." He'd always say this with he arm clutched around
Ayeka,Ayeka peacefully resting her head on Tenchi's chest.

I'd always cared for Tenchi..I'd always play with him when he was little..I
put my hand on his shoulder when he lost someone..and was Miss Ayeka,or as
Tenchi now put her,my girlfriend Ayeka , There for him?

The answer.Is no.

Once we,Mihoshi,Kiyone(who were invited over by the couple),Sasami,Tenchi's
father and Grandfather,Washuu and I were eating at the dining room.Ayeka and

Tenchi were grinning ear to ear,and Ayeka tapped her plate with her fork
rapidly,and the ring would turn into a shot of pain and grief after the
announcment was made.

"Ehem," she said,in a sweet polite voice.I snorted into my sweet chicken
dumpling.Maybe they were breaking up.As I snorted,Ayeka's eyes shined
painfully into mine..I'd remeber this exact look.For the rest of my
existance.

Tenchi stood up proudly.Ayeka held out her hand,and a dimond wedding ring
was
on her finger.

"We're engaged!"

Everyone cheered.All except me.
------------------------------------------
When the final I DO was said,I suddendly had the ring of the dinner plate
dig
into my ear.Ayeka's sharp,painful look.And Tenchi shouting.."We're Engaged!"

go over and over in my head.Some were crying.I was trying to hold back my
tears.Just before that wedding,I have put of a black dress,like a
mourning.Before the ceremony,Ayeka whispered sharply in my ear,"You look
like
you're a mounring in that thing!"

At the celebration,I pulled Tenchi aside.

"I will never love another man..." I declared,hoping he would divorce at
once
after making the biggest mistake of his life.

"I know," he said coldly.

And he knew.

AUTHORS NOTES
-------
I tottaly hate Ayeka..I don't really like her.She's my least favorate
charactor in the whole series.

The shows out the cold side in Tenchi,and the real RYOKO.

Ryoko and Tenchi,I belive,are made to be together.
