All characters in this fan-fiction are a copyright of Pioneer Entertainment (TM). So 
don't sue me, it's my first fan fiction. But don't worry, I'll make more! Tell me 
what you think of this one. Just E-mail me at  NovaHunter@cybertown.com.


Shoot Out
By: Sasami - (NovaHunter@cybertown.com)

It is a cool spring morning as Tenchi wakes up. He goes down to see only Ayeka 
and Kiyone at the breakfast table starving. 
"What's wrong? Where's the food?" Tenchi asked. Ayeka looked like she had seen 
a ghost. 
She was hardly moving and in a small choked voice she said, "S-Sasami has 
been." she started to cry. "Sasami has been kidnapped." Kiyone finished Ayeka's 
sentence.
"KIDNAPPED?" Tenchi yelled. 
"Yes, the gang from Tokyo came and attacked. They raped and beat the crap out 
of Mihoshi and Ryoko. There were at least 20 of them. Washu is taking care of Mihoshi 
and Ryoko in her lab. Also they took your Grandfather and your Dad!" Kiyone 
explained. 
Tenchi fell over and yelled "DAD, GRANDPA! WHERE DID THEY TAKE THEM?" 
"I don't know, they tied Ayeka and me up and blind folded us so we couldn't see 
where they went." Kiyone replied. After a long pause and a ton of moaning from Ayeka, 
Tenchi said, "Hey, if they beat and raped Mihoshi and Ryoko, why didn't they do 
the same thing to you two?" 
Kiyone took a long pause and then said, "Um. well since Ayeka is a Jurai Royal 
she bitched and pissed and moaned about here 'Royalness' so they didn't want to 
listen to here so they put her in the closet." 
"Hey! I AM the First Crown Princess of Jurai! How dare you say things like that 
to me! I'll have you demoted!" Ayeka screamed in Kiyone's face. Kiyone froze and 
didn't say another word. 
Ayeka looked at a confused Tenchi and perked up. "Lord Tenchi, I know that with 
you and I working as a team we can defeat this gang! Together! Like our eternal love 
for one another! We will be together forever." Ayeka went on for another 20 minuets 
in her fantasy land. 
"Oh, please shut up about that love crap." Tenchi said to himself. 
Kiyone woke back up and said, "Well? What are we waiting for lets go!" 
Tenchi said, "Hold on, I'll be right back!" Then he ran upstairs. He went into 
his room and looked under his bed. He pulled out a Mag4, a CMP-150, DY357 Magnum, and 
an AR37. (All types of guns, of course) He came down struggling to hold all of the 
guns. He put the DY357 in his inside pocket and put the Mag4handed the AR37 to Ayeka 
and gave the CMP-150 to Kiyone. They were both shocked that this country boy had this 
much ammunition and this many weapons. 
Kiyone asked, "Where the hell did you get all of these?" 
"Um. I have connections." Tenchi said. 
"But, why do you have them?" Kiyone said with a confused look on her face. 
"Well to tell you the truth, it's incase Ryoko tried to rape me in my sleep." 
Tenchi said. 
Ayeka said to herself, "Well in that case I'll instigate Ryoko into raping 
him." She burst out laughing. Kiyone put the CMP-150 under her jacket. Tenchi ran 
upstairs again and came down with a Fedora on. Kiyone and Ayeka laughed. 
"Tenchi, you look like a Mafia leader!" they laughed. Tenchi threw some clothes 
at Ayeka. 
She said, "What's this?" 
"Put them on!" Tenchi ordered. Ayeka went into her room and came out five 
minuets later. Kiyone started to laugh but stopped herself because she new Ayeka had 
a rifle. Ayeka was wearing tight jeans, a beat up old white T-shirt, and had a red 
bandanna tied around her forehead. 
Kiyone said to herself "Look! It's Rambo's wife!" Kiyone took out her cube and 
warped herself into some old jeans and a black T-shirt with a leather jacket on over 
it. 
"We have to look like another gang. So we can sneak in." Tenchi said as he 
handed out ammo to them. 
Kiyone said, "Ok, let's go!" and they set out.

They took a bus to Tokyo, concealing their weapons so the could ride. After the 
got to Tokyo they went over to the 'bad' side of town, or where all the gangs live. 
They came to a rundown old building. 
Tenchi said, "Here's the place. See the spray paint? That's their symbol. 
Their, definitely, inside." They all loaded the guns and went in. The first room was 
a long corridor. 
Kiyone yelled as she took out her Galaxy Police blaster and her CMP-150, "Look 
out!" She pushed Ayeka over behind an old barrel and dove behind an old on-it's-side 
table. Tenchi had gone up the steps next to the front door. Ayeka ducked down behind 
the barrel as a barrage for bullets from a Klo1919 hit the barrel. There were seven 
gang members down at the other end of the corridor and they all had Klo1919s. Ayeka 
put the barrel of her AR37 around the side of the barrel and fired four, 3-round 
bursts at them. Unfortunately, they had all ducked down behind old junk of sorts. 
Kiyone emptied a clip from her CMP-150 at the seven guys reducing them to five. Ayeka 
was taking her time adjusting the scope of her rifle. She stood up and in one second 
had picked off two of the remaining five. The three that were left got pissed, and 
pulled out a Rocket Launcher. They aimed it right at Ayeka's barrel and fired. There 
was a huge explosion but Ayeka had put up her block force-filed and defended it. The 
three remaining gang members were stunned that she could survive that. Kiyone took 
this opportunity to fire at them with her CMP and killed all three of them. They 
reloaded and each of them took one of the Klo1919s. Then Kiyone led Ayeka into the 
room behind where the seven men were.
Meanwhile, Tenchi was having some problems of his own. He had met up with three 
gang members in an upstairs hallway. He pulled out his DY357 and his Mag4 and began 
to fire. He got one before they blew his hat off. He ducked down behind a nearby 
table. The 2 remaining gang members began to charge at him but he stuck the barrel of 
his Mag4 over the top of the table and blindly fired a three round burst. Tenchi 
listened and didn't here anymore footsteps coming at him. He looked over the table 
and saw the two men dead. After reloading he picked up one of the Klo1919s and put 
his DY357 in his pocket. Then he continued down the hall entering a room where there 
was a man with a shotgun. The man fired and Tenchi ducked out of the way. Tenchi 
didn't want to take any chances so he put the barrel of the Klo1919 around the corner 
and unloaded the entire clip into the room. Slowly he looked and saw that he had hit 
the guy eleven times. The Klo1919 was out of ammo so he threw it and took the shotgun 
off the dead guy. 
Tenchi looked around the room. He opened a closet and saw his dad sitting there 
tied up. 
"Dad! You're ok! We've got to get out of here! Where's grandpa?" Tenchi yelled 
while uniting his father. 
Noboyuki sat up and said, "Tenchi! I'm so glad to see you! It was horrible! 
They took you grandpa upstairs to a small room and I don't know what happened to him 
after that. Also, you should go to the other stairs in the front corridor, there's an 
auto-turret around the corner here." 
"Ok I'll find Ayeka and Kiyone and we'll save grandpa! But I'm going to take 
you out of here first." Tenchi said. They began to go back to the stairs Tenchi came 
up on. They turned a corner when suddenly a shot was herd and Tenchi fell over. 
Noboyuki saw blood coming off of Tenchi's head. He went crazy! He pulled the DY357 
out of Tenchi's pocket and stood up. He fired six shots at the on-it's-side table the 
guy was hiding behind. The he looked behind the table and saw he hit the guy five 
times. 
Noboyuki went back over to Tenchi and started to moan, "Now who will keep the 
Masaki family going?" he looked up, "Dear wife, our son has been killed!"
"Dad shut up for a minute and help me up!" Tenchi yelled. 
"SON! You're alive! Thank the stars above!" Noboyuki said. 
"Dad it just grazed me, I'll be ok." Tenchi said as he wiped the blood off his 
head and continued down the hall with his dad.

They went down the stairs and went to the front door. They herd someone 
knocking on it. Tenchi and Noboyuki looked at each other in a confused way. 
"Who the hell would knock on the front door to a gangs hideout?" Tenchi said to 
his father. Noboyuki said 
"Sounds like something your bubble-brained friend, Mihoshi, would do." as he 
opened the door. Yep. You guessed it. It was Mihoshi. She was knocking on the front 
door in her Galaxy Police Suit and she was holding he Galaxy Police Barn Blaster. 
(You know, the gun she had on Sonja) 
"Oh wow hi Tenchi! I didn't know you were part of this gang." 
"I'm not." Tenchi said, "I'm looking for grandpa and Sasami."
"Oh well I came to help!" she giggled. 
Tenchi asked, "Is Ryoko with you?" 
"No. Washu took her to get tested for HIV." Mihoshi replied. 
"Ok, dad go to the house and take the DY357 with you incase you need it. 
Mihoshi, you and I need to find Kiyone and Ayeka." 
Noboyuki and Mihoshi said, "OK!" at the same time. 
Tenchi led Mihoshi to the room the Ayeka and Kiyone had gone into. They saw 
that Kiyone and Ayeka were behind an old crate dodging gunshots. 
Kiyone yelled, "Get the hell down!" Tenchi dove behind a support pole and 
Mihoshi dove behind a pile of tied-up sheet-wood. Kiyone yelled to Tenchi, "There are 
at least 15 of them and the have shotguns and those damn Klo1919s!" 
"Kiyone! I found dad and grandpa and Sasami is behind all of those guys, also, 
Mihoshi is here to help!" 
Tenchi yelled back. 
"Where's Ryoko?" Kiyone yelled to Mihoshi. There was a long pause. Something 
strange had happened to Mihoshi she had a straight face on and was taking time to aim 
with her barn-blaster. And she also looked where she was shooting. Kiyone was 
confused. She had never seen Mihoshi act so. so normal! She was acting like a Galaxy 
Police Officer for the first time in her life! 
Finally, Mihoshi replied, "Washu took her to get tested for HIV. She was raped 
you know." Kiyone also heard that Mihoshi had more seriousness in her voice. Kiyone 
finally realized that Mihoshi was pissed at the gang. They did beat and rape her 
after-all.

They all began to shoot around the corners of the objects they were hiding 
behind. The four of the Masaki's managed to reduce the gang to nine when something 
terrible happened. Kiyone took a hit in the chest. She fell over and Ayeka screamed. 
"NO! Kiyone! NO!" Mihoshi yelled. "You idiots!" Mihoshi grabbed the power-
amount lever on her barn-blaster and pushed it up so hard the handle broke of. She 
stepped around the corner and fired. A huge laser came out of it and blew the side of 
the room where the gang was, to hell, killing all nine of them. Mihoshi dropped her 
gun and ran over to Kiyone and began to cry. Kiyone was hit just at the bottom of her 
lung. Kiyone said in a dying voice, 
"Thanks Mihoshi, you saved us..." Then she coughed up same blood and passed 
out. 
Ayeka, with tears in here eyes said, "I'll go get help from Washu, Tenchi get 
you grandfather and Sasami." Ayeka ran off. 

Tenchi went to the back room where Katsuheto and Sasami were tied up. 
Tenchi untied them and said "Don't' worry, were getting out of here." They 
walked back into the room where Kiyone lay unconscious and bleeding. 
Katsuheto said, "Oh my god! What happened?"
"Kiyone took a hit and its bad. Ayeka went to get help." Tenchi replied. 
"Oh no! Kiyone!" Sasami yelled and ran over to Kiyone and began to cry. Just 
then Ryoko and Washu walked in. 
Washu laughed and said, 
"Gunshot wounds are no problem to fix. because I'm the greatest scientific 
genius in the universe!" She took out a remote-looking thing and pushed a button. 
They were all transported back to the Masaki household. Washu took Kiyone in to her 
lab and locked the door. Meanwhile, Sasami was fixing the cut on Tenchi's head. Then 
Washu came out of her lab followed by a good-as-new Kiyone. Everyone was so happy, 
except for Ryoko who was just sitting in a corned looking glum. Mihoshi ran up to 
Kiyone, tripping and smashing her face off the floor first. She was back to her old 
self. Then, they all went into the kitchen except for Ryoko, Tenchi and Ayeka. 
Ayeka sat down next to Tenchi, put her arms around here and said and said, 
"Tenchi, I would like to commend you on your bravery." There was a long pause. 
A confused Ayeka said, "Ryoko, you're not MAD at me for being this close to 
Tenchi?" 
Ryoko began to cry. She went through the ceiling into her room. 
Tenchi walked in and said, "What's wrong, Ryoko?" There was a long pause. 
Ryoko looked up at Tenchi with tears in her eyes and yelled, "I'm HIV 
positive!"


	So what did you think? It IS my first fan-fiction story. E-mail me at 
NovaHunter@cybertown.com. This is my fan-fiction story so please ask me before you 
take it.
