Shopping Spree!

    The newest shopping mall in Kurashiki had been built very near the newly
built high school.  'The high school Ryoko burnt down,' thought Tenchi
himself, as he and the girls entered the mall.
    Ryoko and Ayeka were both behaving well, walking together arm in arm,
which amazed both Tenchi, Princess Sasami and Mihoshi.  They were ahead of
the rest, chatting and pointing out the pretty dresses in some of the nearby
shops.  Sasami glanced up at Tenchi, "Are you sure this is a good idea?  I
mean, they haven't been out lately and to bring them out so soon..."
    Tenchi smiled at the small princess and replied, "I'm sure they'll get
along without me watching them all the time, right?"
    Mihoshi was already tugging on one of Tenchi's elbows.  "Can we check
out
those blouses? Oh, there's a sale!  20% off slacks!"
    "I hope Ryo-Ohki is OK without me," said the tiny princess as she
glanced
at the nearest display windows.
    "I'm sure grandfather and pops will be able to keep her amused,"
remarked
Tenchi, as he and Mihoshi started off towards one of the clothes stores.

    Ryoko pointed at the blue evening gown in the widow.  "That would look
lovely on you.  A nice cool color for this time of year."
    Ayeka smiled, "Yes, that does look nice."  She focused on the price tag
and remarked, "do you think Tenchi can buy it for me?"
    "Oh, don't worry Princess," said Ryoko has she held up a fist full of
yen, "I have cash!"
    "Where did you GET that!"
    "Well," said Ryoko with a blush, "some of it was from selling your
panties.  I'm sorry, really.  But I did get a lot of yen for them!"
    Ayeka turned red, but was able to say, "Well, I forgive you.  But that
looks like a lot more then you could get for my...unmentionables."
    "Oh, well," smirked Ryoko, "I also found Mr. Masaki's money that he uses
to buy adult comic books with.  He hid it in the library."
    "What a silly man."
    "True, but it was funny."  Ryoko chuckled and stated, "I mean, hiding
comic book cash in a book on the history of comics!"
    "Well, I guess it would make some sense to use the money to buy us both
a
nice pair of outfits," said Ayeka as she stepped into the store.

    "Lord Tenchi," said Mihoshi, "is this skirt too short?"
    Tenchi blushed, trying not to grab at his nose.  "Mihoshi, that's a
mini-micro leather skirt.  Of course it's too short!"
    "Oh pooh," remarked the blonde as she went back to the changing room.
    "I thought she looked OK in them," piped up Sasami.
    "Yes," said Tenchi, glancing about the store, "So did every guy in the
damn place."  Tenchi watched one guy try to pick himself up after walking
into a display rack.  'Well, Mihoshi does have great legs.  Oh, what the
hell.'
    Tenchi wandered over to the charging room door and said, "Hey Mihoshi?"
    "Yes," she asked from inside, sounding a tad timid.
    "I'm sorry I yelled," apologized Tenchi.  "It did look very good on you.
Just a tad risky for wearing out in public.  Also, I wish you would stop
calling me Lord."
    Mihoshi seemed to be silent for a few seconds, than started to giggle.
    "What is it?" asked Tenchi, a tad confused.
    "Well," responded Mihoshi's voice, "does that mean you won't mind if I
wore the skirt in private?"
    "Well, er, I mean," said Tenchi, turning red again.
    "Nasty boy!"
    Tenchi peeped and stared down at the giggling Princess Sasami. "I am not
nasty, I just feel that Mihoshi has nice legs."
    "I do?" piped up Mihoshi's voice from within the changing room.
    'How do I get into these things?' Tenchi asked himself within his head.

    Ryoko and Ayeka were giggling in front of the mirrors.  "Oh Princess,
that evening gown looks great on you.  It really shows off your legs."
    Ayeka blushed a deep shade of red that only an alien female could reach.
"Oh, don't be silly.  It's much too expensive.  If we buy it, we won't be
able to get an outfit for you."  Ayeka tried to hide her gin while thinking,
'
The slits do show off my thighs a little.  The chest area is kind of tight
too.'
    Ryoko smiled, "Well, I don't need many outfits.  Remember, I can change
mine at will when I wish."
    "You really mean it?"
    Ryoko nodded and held up the yen bills, "Lets buy it for you!"

    Mihoshi held the bag close and giggled.  "Oh thank you, thank you, thank
you.  Tenchi, it's lovely."
    Tenchi smiled and rubbed the back of his head, "Oh, it's OK.  I'm sure
the two skirts and matching tank top will fit you perfectly."
    Princess Sasami continued to snicker as she followed the two.
    'Can't she gag or something like other little girls,' thought Tenchi as
he glanced back at Sasami.
    Princess Sasami just gave him a cute little grin.
    "We are going to meet the others at the food court, right?" said Mihoshi
as she bounced beside Tenchi like an overgrown little girl.
    "Yes," replied Tenchi, trying NOT to watch her bounce.  "We all planned
to meet them there at noon."

    Princess Ayeka smiled at Ryoko as they stepped out of the store.  "I
can't thank you enough for buying the dress for me.  Tenchi will love it!"
    Ryoko smiled and replied, "It should.  It's a drop out dress.  Anyway,
it
is the least I can do for you.  After you helped me with my nightmares."
    Ayeka's face turned soft, almost loving, as she patted Ryoko on the arm.
"That's OK.  I help my sister all the time with her nightmares now."
    "She still has them?" asked Ryoko.
    Ayeka nodded, "Even with both me and Tenchi to be there for her, she
still has them.  No matter how much we try to be there for her, death is
something hard to get over.  She might have the dreams forever."
    Ryoko nodded, "Fears are strong.  It was our fear of never being with
Tenchi again that helped us get along."
    Ayeka chuckled, "Yes.  But we could still lose him to Mihoshi."
    Ryoko waved her hands in a dismissing motion.  "Never.  That cop does
not
have the brains to attract such a smart boy as Tenchi.  Look at us.  We're
both mature, smart women with great bodies.  She is a young, tanned
dimwitted
blonde with a cop's salary."
    Ayeka smirked and said, "Well, at least she HAS a job.  We're broke."
    Ryoko chuckled and punched Princess Ayeka in the shoulder and stated,
"but you're from a rich family.  You're loaded."
    Princess Ayeka tried to hide her embarrassed expression with one of her
sleeves, "well, yes and no.  My allowance, while somewhat large, is in the
wrong currency."  Ayeka peered at Ryoko's face and added, "Also, Mihoshi is
not that stupid.  She IS training to work at the shrine and that has to take
some intelligence."
    "I don't know."  Ryoko leaned toward Ayeka and joked, "It can't be that
hard if Tenchi is training for it."
    Both girls started to laugh so loud that they had to hold on to each to
keep from falling down.

    By the time Tenchi and the rest of the girls had arrived Ryoko and Ayeka
had already claimed a table in the middle of the food court's indoor Zen
garden.  Tenchi, Mihoshi and Princess Sasami all selected some pre-made
meals
from the tiny express food joints and joined them.  Tenchi noticed that
Ayeka
had a bag standing next to her chair.
    "What's that?" probed Tenchi as he sat down with his burger and fries.
    "Oh, well, that's a surprise," grinned Ayeka.  Ryoko winked at Tenchi
and
then both she and Ayeka started to giggle.
    Mihoshi giggled too and added, "Tenchi got me some skirts."
    Ryoko suddenly become quite still.  "Skirts?  What kind of skirts?"
    "Well," exclaimed Mihoshi as she started to open the bag, "they're-"
    "They're black ones," interrupted Tenchi, starting to sweat.
    "With a matching tank top," explained Princess Sasami as she poured
mustard onto Tenchi's fries.
    "Tank top?' said Ryoko with a tilt of her head, eyeing Tenchi and
Mihoshi.
    "Well, the top went with the skirts," replied Tenchi, as he tried to
defend both his purchase and his curly fries.
    "She modeled them for you?" inquired Ayeka as she stabbed her plastic
straw into her soft drink.
    "Gee, I don't remember," said Tenchi, sounding very unconvincing.
    "Tenchi said Mihoshi had nice legs," added Sasami helpfully.  She
grabbed
and ate some of Tenchi's fries while he started to shake his head.  He
cringed at the glares from Ryoko and Ayeka and started to babble.
     "Now, what Sasami meant to say was that I respect Mihoshi as a lady and
an officer.  Of course she is a healthy looking girl but-"
    "Oh yes," bubbled Mihoshi, "he did.  He said he wanted me to wear the
skirts only in private.  Something about being too risky to wear in public.
With the tank top I can really show off my hips and tanned tummy."
    "That's not what I said. Not really."
    "What DID you say about her legs?" demanded Ayeka, her taco forgotten.
    "Well, I might of said something about her legs, but nothing about her
wearing the skirts only in private!"
    "So, WHEN should she wear them?" exploded Ryoko, crushing the plastic
fork she was holding.
    Tenchi made a run for it.
    "TENCHI!" screamed both Ryoko and Ayeka as they shot up into the air,
burning bright with the energy of rage, like two avenging angels.  Princess
Sasami frowned, as she grabbed some more fries and said, "I told him it was
too early."
    "Oh my," remarked Mihoshi.  "I didn't know they hated skirts so much."

    Washu peered down at the patient in the robotic medical bed.  The
bandage
wrapped mummy that occupied the huge bed had once been healthy and happy
student by the name of Tenchi.  Only an hour ago he had been totally
unmarked.  Now, by all the data Washu could collect from her scanners, his
body was going to be healing for the next few weeks EVEN with all the
advanced equipment and techniques she would be using.
      "Gee Tenchi, I had no idea you could piss off both Princess Ayeka and
my little Ryoko so fast.  One day and here you are in my loving care.  Too
bad about the food court at the mall.  I have no idea HOW your dad is going
to make enough money to pay for the repairs.  Especially when Ryoko keeps
stealing from him."  Washu smiled and adjusted one of the machines and
added,
"Frankly, he should just use a bank."
    She was in her nurse's outfit, with stockings, hat and tiny black bag.
All around her the medical computers hummed and buzzed as they worked on the
problem of Tenchi's crippled body.
    Washu then slipped on a pair of white gloves and said, "Time to check
your temperature!  Don't worry, you won't have to say aaa."  Washu giggled
as
Tenchi rolled his eyes in horror.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------
Tenchi Muyo! and related characters are owned by AIC and Pioneer.
Mini-micro
skirts are my own idea.  Remember, tacos are very bad for Princesses.  Don't
eat them at home without permission from your parents.
