Disclaimer

Tenchi Muyo is owned by Pioneer and AIC.
If ya got a problem with it take it on with them,not me.
I'm a poor High school student, so please don't sue

SI is bad kiddies
A Tenchi Muyo fan production

We see a man lecturing in a classroom full of students. The teacher has
several examples drawn on a board.

Teacher: Ok class lets review what we have learned. Who can tell me what
SI is?

A student rises from his desk and answers the question.

Student: SI is when an author includes his or herself or an original
character in their
Fan-Fiction. (student sits down)

Teacher: That is correct. Now, who can tell me what the results usually
are from this happening.

Another students rises and answers the question.

Student. The results are mostly disastrous. The author could give the
character extreme abilities which make no sense, or have their character
do the impossible. Usually greatly decreasing the value of the fic, or in
other words make it suck.

Teacher: correct again. Now boys and girls lets go over what all
SI/Original characters have and do.

The teacher then takes in an instruction stick and points to a list of
things on the chalkboard.

Students(all reading the instructions aloud, together):

1.Most SI/Original characters have amazing powers.

2. All authors make their SI/Original character very good looking.

3. All SI/Original characters have at least one Tenchi girl fall in love
with  them.

4. Most SI/Original characters are the complete heroes of a fic with the
main characters as sides

5.9 times out of 10  A SI/Original character will have more power than
Tenchi and company.

The students finish reading the list and take their proper seats.

Teacher: Very good class, I'm impressed. Now this proves an important
point,most authors will make their character too good looking. (I.E Seion
Makibi). OR make their character too powerful (I.E Cyraqs K'thardin). And
most of the time the least likely Tenchi character will fall in love with
them (I.E Ryoko,Tsunami). So my students I say here, never let you're
custom character violate these laws of SI

All Students: YES SENSEI

Teacher: Very good. DISMISSED

ALL students get up from their desk and file out the classroom.

END

Authors notes.

Hey don't jump the gun now folks. I made this fic to prove a very
important fact. Most SI/Original characters DO these things I have
mentioned in my fic here. Take for example Seion, good guy, funny as hell
but he had one flaw. HE WAS TOO DAMN GOOD LOOKING and he flaunted his
character as having done it  with lots of women, octet here is another;
Cyraqs,nice guy, full of wisdom, pretty strong. His flaw?. HE WAS TOO
DAMN POWERFUL AND HE HAD TSUNAMI. Now everybody should know that the
chances of Tsunami having the concern of actually wanting to have a
sexual relationship with a person is pretty slim,unless Sasami falls for
him. In Cyraqs's story Tsunami already wanted him, and Sasami being
connected with Tsunami, wanted him also. There are to many things wrong
with this but I won't get into detail. And don't get me started on his
power. I wrote this in hopes people would think things over before making
an original character. People like Thomas"Davner" Doscner and Cav
actually didn't screw there characters up, making them more "human" as I
would like to put it. But they still had their little nidges but it was
still good.

No I'm not bashing anyone. If I'm bashing anyone, it's people like Adam
"Asskicker",
Daigo and others, just to name a few. I Loved Patrick "Seion" Stewart's
and David "K'thardin's works but their characters were really pushing it.