Disclaimer:  Although I do own the obsession with Tenchi Masaki that keeps
me up at night, I do NOT own Tenchi Muyo or *any* Tenchi-related stuffs or
characters.  AIC and PIONEER own those.  LEGAL FOLKS:  Please do not sue me.
I make no money from this, and besides that, I'm always broke.

"He Smiled at Her"

He smiled at her and looked in surprise
at the girl with the wild, feral gold eyes
Vicious and kindly, vengeful and forgiving...
He woke with a start, knowing he's living
The life that his friends would surely die for
He thought these thoughts vaguely as he fell to the floor
He fumbled, eyes wide, clutching sheets from his bed.
His nose trickled blood, and his cheeks were quite red.

Embarrassed and stunned, his smile turned to frown
Picking himself up and scrambling around
<i>Quick, get the covers before she can see</i>...
"Tenchi, no need to feign modesty."
The golden eyed, frightening and beautiful maiden
Phased and inch from his face, her bosom just grazing
His chest as her fingers tousled his hair
"Ryoko, I told you to stay out of here!"

"But Tenchi, no...Why?" Her lips started quiv'ring
"Ryoko," All he could say to keep her from leaving.
"I'll go, if you want." She floated back, saying
All the while she was hoping and praying...
He didn't mean it, and neither did she.
"I'm sorry, Ryoko." He sighed in slight grief.
"...But why do you always scare me to death?!
I just want to have some privacy left."

"But Ten-chi, I-I...Well, you know how I feel."
"I do, Ryoko. But it's too big a deal.
I don't know about you, but I can't bear to have
Anyone in this house distraught, and well...mad.
And well, Ryoko..." his hand started to fall
>From his defense position and rest on comically tall
Long cyan locks that he's loved since he'd seen
His beautiful pirate, half-goddess and queen.

"I guess I wouldn't have it any other way.
But just...next time wait till I'm dressed, okay?"
The words crossed his lips, and though not a confession
These words were enough to lift her depression.
Suddenly once more the jubilant ex-pirate imp
Hugged Tenchi so tight, he thought he'd faint limp.
"I can't breathe." He croaked, for it was true.
"It's okay, Tenchi." She replied. "I love you, too."

Author's Note:  Hi, folks, I hope you enjoyed that, I did!  This is my first
ever completed fic.  I know it's a bit silly, but I think it's fairly
realistic and honestly cute.  Flames and/or praise are welcome, my email
address is bluehairedgoddess@tenchiclub.com.  By the way, Please call me
Blue.     :)