
Warning: The Mst that will come now, is only a review. I don't intend to 
offense anyone, and all characters are from their respective owners. 
Please enjoy the fun. ^_^
P.S. You have to forgive me by my English. English is not my first 
language so if there are errors. then you know. but I'll try as hard as 
I can.

Well since we are new here and don't know us very well, I'll give you a 
description of us.

Izum Perreira: The Sirius and calm of the crew. Othni's cousin and the 
Heero Yuy wannabe. His aspects, hair color and haircut are like Heero 
Yuy from GW. And he is a Gunmaster and maniac too. He is the leader of 
the Real Gundam Wing boys from the real life. His Job is maintaining the 
calm on the reviews.

Eric Ujaque: The intelligent and computer expert of the group. Blond 
hair and same personality as Quatre Raberba Winner from GW. He works 
with Washu and Richard in Washu's lab. His job is the sound effects and 
rolling the fics on the screen, and is the critic #1 of the MST Reviews.

Jonathan Bonet: third member of the GWBRL. He is the Trowa looks like, 
and he is a video game maniac. But also he is good of the heart. His job 
is the lights of the scenerie and help in other places.

Albert Valle: Fourth member of the GWBRL and the Wu fei looks alike. He 
is another video game maniac and the antisocial of the group. His job is 
to tell the sarcasm opinion and other things on the reviews.

Elizabeth Ruiz: The first female of the group. She is the Relena 
Peacraft look alike on the group. But her personality is like Kasumi 
Tendo. Calm and gentle, Elizabeth try to help everyone not caring who. 
Also she is Izum's girlfriend. Her job is the food business. ^_^

Magalis Ruiz: The Dorothy look alike form the group at the same the 
Nabiki Tendo. She is Elizabeth's little sister. Her job is the money 
business and the one who counts and look for the Crop.'s economy. And 
she do what ever to win money.

Kid Yirachi: She is Othni's and Othnielys' best friend. She is a blond 
hair girl with blue eyes and beautiful. She is a pure and golden heart 
girl and her oves she cares goes first. Deep inside her sleeps Hikaru 
Zeal. godess and daughter of the queen goddess Althena from Elysium. 
Hikaru was there to guide Othni of his quest of been the legendary 
warrior for Masamune. Bus besides those cute ways.. Sometimes Kid has a 
great temper. She hasn't a job on the mst, but we need her for extras.

Josue Martinez: Othni's middle brother. His aspect is like Crono from 
Chrono Trigger. He always is dress in samurai costumes and port a bokken 
in hiss belt. He is a calm and serious person, but gentle and good of 
heart. Always seeking to help people. His job is to comment and give 
opinion of the MST.

Othnielys Martinez: Othni's little sister. Brown hair short on the 
sholder . Lets her hair untied and uses a ribbon that goes back in the 
head back at the forehead. She is a friendly girl, but sometimes high 
tempered. (Like Akane Tendo.) Her job is announcing things and makes 
comments.

Jobi Natel: Another Ladies man to add for the list on anime ladies men. 
Jobi is a high quality personage.. with a high charisma.. Specially if 
is with women. He dresses like Meis Triumph from Thousand arms because 
he is his idol and wants to be like him. He has a great sence of 
responsibility but is weak against women's cham. And he has some of his 
too. His job is to attend the phone calls and opinions.

Juancho Vargas: He is one of Othni's trainer. He is a brown and slender 
guy with strong sense of help. He does have a huge part of the reviews 
but he help sometimes.

Richard Frontera: Second Computer master. He is the Ranma Look alike and 
technician. He help Washu on the lab and helps in the mechanic problems 
and other things on the River Star.

Washu Habuki : Every body knows who is the #1 scientific genius of the 
universe from the Tenchi Muyo anime series.

Keni-ohki: Othnielys' cabbit. A cute and brown hair cabbit. He is male 
and can transform unto human form thanks to a special crystal and poison 
from washu.

Andrea: Andrea is one of Othni's best friends and another trainer. She 
is a brown hair girl with a happy personality, except when she is mad. 
Her job is announce and comments. She can turn into Vegemoon, one of the 
strongest warrior of the galaxy. And deep inside of her sleeps Vegean. 
Vegean is the Fourth missing sister of the 3 goddess from Jurai. 
(Tokimi, Washu and Tsunami). And Vegean's power is from the courage. She 
is a calm person too.

May-Lin: A Chinese girl from the village of Jusendo. The all women town 
were shampoo comes from. And she is Shampoo's cousin. (and has her same 
language problem). She is on the crew for extras only.. but convene this 
girl and Kid.. aside of Othni.. and you can enjoy of a great battle for 
a man even better than Ryoko and Ayeka.

David DellValle: The business guy on the corp and maintains the sales 
and other things on. He does not appear much since he is outside the 
cameras.

Id Wong Martinez: Use to be Othni's dark and evil side/personality 
before Washu separate them into two bodies apart. He has long hair to 
his shoulders color red and red eyes. Always dress in a karate GI red 
with a black long cape with shoulder paths that cover his entire body. 
Since then he join the crew as part of it thanks to Andrea's love to 
him. He is extreme antisocial and serious, always showing a cold glare 
to everyone. His job is for extras.

Lehiry Mire: Othni's adoptive daughter. but more like a sister. Her 
personality is very childish and don't act her age, more like a little 
girl who is seeking for an adventure. She has blue hair and sky blue 
eyes and she likes Jobi. Deep inside her sleeps Schala Zeal, second 
daughter of the goddess Althena and sister of Hikaru (Kid). She does the 
entertaining part.

Veronica: She is a Veronicdroind (assimilation of human at 99% like a 
bioandroid.) She was created by Othni with the help of Washu and is a 
nice and gentle girl. She is the navigator system of the River start. 
She likes Josue and her job is the radar and navigator system.

Microll: It's the computer of the space ship River Star. A computer with 
a personality that makes it thinks of it's own, and he controls all 
system on the River Star.

SOM: He is a reploid with orange and red armor. He uses a lab cloak 
since is Othni's and Washu's assistant and the one who look for fics to 
MST.

Othni Martinez: And for last and important, the golden heart boy. Othni 
is the president of the corp (don't ask how). He is a very very innocent 
kid with a high sense of friendship. He will help his friends and let 
him a hand in anything he can. He has black and a little long hair and 
blue eyes and a happy smile. Sometimes irresponsible and stupid.. but 
Othni's personality change when it comes to battle. is very strange sees 
him acting different in some places.

Now let's go to the story:

****


Scene: The Dark and quiet space.

Deep inside of the dark and lonely space, a Space Ship that looks like 
the Outlaw Star but it's color is orange and red lines and it has short 
wings on the front side and known as the ZGP-16A3 or aka River Star, was 
navigating on it. The Ship was traveling a high speed since it was 
space.  Inside the ship, the S.O.M.V.G.A.M.P. Crew where on their places 
meanwhile the ship travels.

Izum was piloting and the other in their sits. The only ones who were 
not in the ship's bridge were Othni, Washu, Id and Andrea, and others 
who where taking a nap or doing something.

Jonathan: Hey Izum. are you sure of coming out in space to MST is a good 
idea?
Izum:. I don't know... but Washu and David made us do it so I guess 
there is something. Veronica. Are we there jet?
Vero: {Inside the navigator capsule} /I still detect the Drummond a 5 
light years away./
Jobi: Oh great, that take us 5 hour.
Microl: Actually {the monitor cylinder said} It will take us 10 hour at 
this speed, but if we speed up we can arrive early.
Jobi: shut up.
Microll: How cruel to you treating the most advance and fast ship in the 
galaxy.
Jobi: Don't you ever shut up?
Microll: alright.
Eric: Just calm down guys. Washu told us to pick her up in Bryan's ship. 
So be patients.
{Everyone protest.}

Change scene: River star's kitchen.
Id, Andrea and Othni were in the Kitchen. Othni was tier and was resting 
his head on the table while looking at Andrea's "cooking lesson".

Othni: Can you hurry up? I'm hungry.
Andrea: Just a minute. Man Elizabeth is resting and I have to do this?
Id: I told you. leave that to Elizabeth woman.
Andrea: I told you I want to learn!!! {she takes out a package of raw 
eggs.}
Id: {sees the eggs and speaks with bored tone} And what are you going to 
do now with that?
Andrea: Just pop it on the microwave. {she puts it inside the micro and 
start it.}
Id: {jumps altered} HEY STUPID YOU CAN'T PUT RAW EGGS ON THAT!!
Andrea: So what!?
<KABOOOOM> {the micro explodes.}
Andrea: AAAHHH!!
Id: yaaa!!
Othni: uh? {he look at the door and sees a half destroyed kitchen with 
Id and Andrea with eggs on their bodies and burned clothes.} 
JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA!!! {falls laughing.}
Id: {sarcastically}. very funny..
Andrea: I'msorryi'msorryi'msorry..
Othni: JAJAJAJAJA!! >o<
Id: SHUT UP OR I BLAST YOU TO CRIPST!!
Othni: {stops} ok..
Andrea and Id: ... -_-Uu
Othnielys: {Enters the scene with Keni-ohki on her arms.} Oh Keni-chan 
let me get you something to eat. {sees the broken kitchen} AAAHHH!! What 
happened to the kitchen?
OThni: Andrea's fault.
Andrea: Hey I said I was sorry ok.
Id: You had to think it sooner woman.
Andrea: {glare at Id} You stop that or you want me to get mad Id Wong 
Martinez.
Id:. hmph. {cross his arms and put his back to the wall.}
Keni: mya mya mya.
Othnielys: Yes Keni-chan. {look toward the guys} So. let's clean this 
before Elizabeth finds out and have a heart attack.
Othni: Yeah you're right sis.

The three of them start cleaning and Id just stay there watching. Andrea 
got mad at him because he does not help them and obligated him to help 
against his will with a word fight, but finally he got tier and helped.

3 hour later, they finish the cleaning and Othnielys made the cooking 
with the help of Andrea. Everyone was sitting on the table resting.

Othni: Uf. I'm beat up. I hope we arrive soon.
Id:.
Andrea: I' ll go to the bridge and ask Izum, wait here. {she stands up 
and walks away.}
Othnielys: Ok. here Keni-chan, your carrot soup.
Keni: mya mya mya!!! ^_^  {turns into his humanoid form and starts 
eating it.} This is good! Thanks Othnielys-mama.
Othnielys: ^_^ go on.
Id: hmph.

Change scene: River Star's Bridge.
Andrea enters the room and sees the GWBRL boys there.

Andrea: Aren't we there yet?
Microll: We are arriving on 10 minutes.
Izum: Ok. everyone be ready for contact. As soon we enter their range we 
contact them.
All: Roger.
Vero: /A transmission from the Drummond had arrive. what should I do?/
Izum: Open it.
{a windows pop out from the screen and Rei Ayanami is on the other 
side.}
Rei: //Unidentified ship. please identify your self and tell me what are 
you doing on our zone.//
Izum: . Miss Ayanami, this is the River Star, ship code ZGP-16A3. we 
like to speak with Bryan Webber.
Rei: //And you are?//
Izum:. Izum Perreira. leader of the Gundam Wing Boys from the real life 
from the S.O.M.V.G.A.M.P. Corp.
Albert: We are arriving their range zone. The radar detect the Drummond 
and another ship.
Jonathan: mmm. it seems the JEDRI is there too.
Eric: Is it a reunion miss Ayanami?
Rei: //Something like that. but tell me. what you want with Bryan?//
Izum: Washu told us to pick her up. and that's why I like to speak to 
him.
Andrea: {looking at the outside form the screen.} wow. kawaii.
Rei: //Ok. I contact him.//
{Seconds later, another window pops out and Bryan was in the other side. 
In that same moment Othni enter the room.}
Othni: Are we there yet? {sees Bryan and a girl to his side and Rei on 
the other window.} Oh.. Hello Bryan. a Rei-sama and Glyph-san.
Izum: Bryan. how are you, long time no see.
Bryan: //Do I know you?//
Izum: Yeah. we are the crew of the S.O.M.V.G.A.M.P. Corporation and 
we're here to pick up Washu. We need to do another MST on space.
Glyph: // So you are the new msters that Washu was talking about. Nice 
to meet you all.//
Bryan: //Another Msters? So. are you here to make us competition too? 
{he says joking}//
Izum: If you put it that way. yes. {grins happily} 
Bryan: //Well, I'll contact Washu, you can wait on the port.//
Izum: Roger that.
Andrea: Hey Bryan. would you all like to come to launch? I made some 
desserts.
{Everyone puts a fear expression on their faces with a blue line across 
their chicks and noves.}
Bryan: //..well.// {not sure by looking the crew's expression. And Othni 
in the back of Andrea was making sings of 'no! If you eat them you will 
ends up worst than Akane's cooking.' (Tell me about it. Andrea's cooking 
is a blast. You eat them and you will be burn and blow up to crisp.) 
Andrea looks back and Othni stop making the sings and looking to other 
places. She glare at him but then she turn to Bryan.} //..mmm.. I think 
I pass this time. but thanks anyway.//
Andrea: {sad} Oh. ok. maybe next time.
Izum: I'll arrive to you port in 2 minutes. I'll brake contact and meet 
you there.
Bryan: // Right.//
{Cut communications. 2 minutes later River Star arrive aside of the 
Drummond. Izum uses the grappler arms to get close to is. Later he open 
the port tunnel and connected it to the Drummond's.}

Change scene: Port, Bryan and Glyph's crew were there with the Corp.'s.

Kid: Is a honor to finally meet you face to face Bryan-san.
Ryoko: Hey guys.
RS's crew: Hey Ryoko WAAAAZAAAAAAAAAAPPP!!!!
Ryoko: WHAAAAAZAAAAAAAAAPPP!!!
Vegeta: stupids..
Andrea: yoohhooo sensei vegeta!!
Vegeta: uh? [She came too. damn.]
Othni: UKYO!!! {he runs at her and hops on excitement in front of her.} 
Ukyo-san 
finallyIseeyouandIwassoooooworriedbecauseIneverheardofyouandImissyouroko
nomiyaki!!!!
Ukyo: woa woa woa. slow down Othni. So what are you doing here?
{The other take an interesting look.}
Othni: {like a little kid.} Well I'm here to MST like other times. The 
business was slow down so Washu made us got o space. Samantha your 
sister went back to you dad and she close the Okonomiyaki shop. so it 
was a long time since I taste one so can you make one for me?
Josue:.. {hit his face} Othni no baka.
Othnielys: {grabs Othni's hear and drags him away} Not now Othni. you 
had eaten already!
Othni: But I'm hungry!!
Othnielys: I said no! {Enter the River Star. Bryan and Glyph's crew were 
with big Sweat drops.}
Izum: Washu-chan, is getting late.. let's go.
Washu: All right. Well Bryan see you later. I'll contact you. And don't 
forget to sintonise up on the TV to see you MST Show.
Bryan: All right. take care.
{Everyone said their goodbyes and to short the long story, the River 
Star free itself and turn it's boosters to all power disappearing on the 
dark space.}

Change Scene: River Star Theater.
The crew was on their places while Izum parked the Ship in the middle of 
nowhere. Veronica got out the navigator capsule and went to the Theater.

Microll: {in the little red cylindrical robot} Everyone is ready?
All: Yes.
Jobi: What fic does SOM have for us now?
Josue: Who knows.
May-Lin: May-Lin just wish no review any bad fics like last time.
Andrea: Last fic was bad because you and Kid fought again by Othni's 
opinion.
May-Lin: No May-lin fault.. was blondy's fault.
Kid: WHAT DID YOU SAY? You. you. it was you're fault you hussy bimbo!!
May-Lin: May-Lin No hussy bimbo blondy girl!!
{Both look at each other with sparks on their eyes.}
Othni: Not again. why me.
Washu: Cool it you two. don't start again.
Eric: {on the control room} //Guys prepare your selves, we'll be on air 
in. 5..4..3..2.1.. WE ARE ON AIR!//

Andrea: Welcome people to the S.O.M.V.G.A.M.P. Corp's MST Reviews. and I 
hope you enjoy our show today. We are transmitting on space today, so 
you can see the stars on the windows in the background.
Othni: Yeah.. I hope you enjoy better than us because we hasn't neither 
receive which MST we will review today <WAMB> {Andrea hit him with her 
dimensional hammer} OUCH!!
Andrea: Would you shut up? {smiles nervously to the camera} ehh sorry 
about that. And we like to apologize for last time's show. technical 
problems.
Kid: It was her fault honest.
May-Lin: Hai-ya. no it was her.
Andrea: AHEM!! Well. will let Izum to guide us.
Izum:. Today's announcement is about 9mm. buy your 9mm at a weapon shop. 
{sweat drop from everyone.}
Washu: eeerr. Izum announce our guest.
Izum: Oh yeah.. we have a guest today. and he is the master of bounty 
hunters. the gun master.. Bounty Hunter Jack!
All: WHAT!?!?
{A guy materializes in the transfer pod. He has black long hair tide in 
a ponytail. Cold expression and dresses in black and black cape.}
Jack: What do you want with me now?
Washu: Jack, we want you to comments about the action scenes.
Jack:. alright.
SOM: {appears form the back} mmm.. I hope I'm not late.
All: YES YOU ARE!!
{The orange-armored reploid in white cloak backed off with a big sweat 
drop.}
SOM: eehh.. I'm sorry.
Othni: Hey SOM, what fic do we have today?
SOM: Well I found this interesting story. I like it a lot. It's title is 
Ginkoneko Hikari and is very good. Is a cross over between Tenchi Muyo 
and Dragon Ball Z/GT, but I think is an alternate universe.
Jobi: so what are we waiting for?
SOM: I already gave the tape to Eric. so we can start whenever you like.
Washu: OK you hear guys. so to your positions and let's get this show on 
the road.

Everyone gets on their posts and prepare for the review. Jobi sat on the 
phone table to sees if there some phone calls.

Izum: Roll it Eric!
Eric: ROGER!!

5
4
3
2
1
roll


{Screen turn on and we can see the author.}

>>Trunks' Girl 787: "January 30 was Lady Vegeta4eva's 18th birthday! 
Congratulations!"

Othni: no actually is March 5. But happy birthday anyway.
All: Agree.

>>Lady Vegeta4eva: "Thank you TG!"

>>Trunks' Girl 787: "And as Lady V said before, this story is very sad, 
we warned you. It won't end bad, but it's very depressing."

Kid: Don't tell me.
May-Lin: May-Lin sad stories. it makes me hug Othni-sama to cry.
Kid: Don't think about it hussy!
May-Ling: ggrrr.
Othni: ^_^U

>>Lady Vegeta4eva: "That's right!"

Izum: Cut the chitchat and get to the story!




                      ~Ginkoneko Hikari~ by Trunks' Girl 787
                      ~Chapter 8 : The Lament of the Ghost~

Andrea: Chapter 8? Hey. what happen to the first one SOM?
SOM: I couln't find it. besides this one is better.
Washu: sshhhhh!

"No......NO!!!"

Othni: No what!!!
Izum: Is she under attack?
Jack: good.. time to kill.
Jobi: Maybe she is been.{interrupted.}
All: DON'T THINK ABOUT SAYING IT JOBI!!
Jobi: alright. _


"Koneko, wait!!"

Othni: who was that?
Kid: Who knows.


Ginkoneko couldn't take it anymore, she ran out off the house, and took 
off into the storm, through the forest. Trunks went after her.

Jobi: Trunks is after her? I didn't thought he would do something like 
that.
Izum: Could you shut up.
Microll: Now who is the long-tongue one.
Jobi: Shut up.


Ginkoneko flew through the big, dark forest aimlessly, the rain hitting 
her face, 

Elizabeth: {from her sit} Oh my. if she keeps it. she will catch a cold.

she had lost Trunks as he also lost track of her. She landed between the 
tall trees, crying, and not caring if she was soaken wet. The noise of 
thunder ran through her ears.

'Who am I? Where am I from?', she thought desperated.

Othni: {singing} who am I. were I'm from! Lalalaaaa.
Andrea: And shut up! <wamb> {hits him with her mallet.}
Othni: @_@
Josue: Hey, that's the tilte of one of Jackie Chan's movies. "Who am I".
Jack: Yes, I like that movie. but there are better. I say Jet Lee gives 
more accion.
Josue: No Jackie does.
Jack: Jet Lee
Josue: Jackie.
Izum: Shut up!! {aim his gun at them.}
Jack: You're aiming that gun to me pal. you're asking for trouble.
Izum: to bad. this is my ship and I can do what ever I want.
Josue: okok I stop.. {whisper to Jack} you better leave it like this. 
you don't know what Izum is going to do. when he is mad he is worst than 
Heero Yuy.
Jack: .

Just then a lightning struck and hit a tree, a fire started. The whole 
tree burned, then it started to fall toward Ginkoneko. 

All: GET OUT OF THE WAY!!!!

Ginkoneko saw it and sent a powerful ki blast, the tree blew to pieces 
that fell harmlessly to the ground. 

All: Uf. that was a close call.

Ginkoneko sighed in relief. She was about to walk away, when another 
lightning struck and hit her on the back, taking her by surprise.

"Aaaahhhhh!!!!"

All: AAAAAAHHHH!!
Jobi: oh boy.. she is death.. to bad.. she was cute.
Jack: Yeah.. no human survive a hit by a lighting.
Kid: Poor girl.
Elizabeth: oh my.
Magalis: That's a waste of money.

The lightning electrocuted her with thousands of volts as she screamed. 
When the pain stopped she fell to the ground, her body smocking. She was 
barely conscious when she heard a voice nearby.

Jobi: what? She survived?
Jack: just for seconds. then in 10 more she'll die.

*I'm back.* Those words echoed in her ears. A dark and cold voice. She 
had heard it before. *You will die soon. You should've stayed dead in 
the first place. Now you'll suffer even more. Like 'her'.* 

{a chill pass through the kids except Jack.}
Jack: I love those words. yeah. death is my game.

"Who....are....you?", she whispered painfully.


Othni: Yep, she still alive.


She only heard evil laugher in return. The world went dark for her. As 
Ginkoneko's body laid on the wet, cold ground, she didn't hear the evil 
laugher turn into a scream of pain, she didn't see the tenshi-like, 
glowing, silver figure that descended from above and approached her, she 
didn't see the figure disappear.


Jack: You see. she saw a tenchi. she is death.
Kid: {in tears} poor girl.


*DREAM*

Othni: Dreams dream lovely dreams.
Andrea: You're gonna have a nightmare if you don't stop you stupid ness.
Othni: ow.. You're not fun.

Ginkoneko stood in a forest, covered in snow. Everything was white, and 
she felt terribly cold. She shivered.

Othni: Snow I love snow!!!
Othnielys: Yeah bog brother! 


"Where am I? I've never felt so cold in my life.", she said.


Othni: Is because you in the middle of a snowfield.


She walked around the snow covered forest. The forest looked familiar, 
but not as familiar as the one around her house.


Izum: Bad spelling. is snow-covered forest, the snow and covered words 
chould be connected with a minus mark between.


"Hello?", she called, but nobody answered.

Jonathan: Hello. this is the dream accidents company, in this moment we 
are not online so please wait on call. if you were hit by a lighting.. 
then wait until the blot charge goes off and call again.
All but Jack: HAHAHAHAHAHA!!! {laughs aloud.}

Then she heard something. The wind was.....singing. She heard beautiful 
voices singing all at once, and carried away by the wind, they were 
heard like a humming, but it sounded so sad.


Kid: Is so beautiful.
May-Lin: May-Lin agrees.
Othni: What? I don't hear anything!


"Where is it coming from?"

Othni: I asked the question first!


She followed the humming voices, trying to find its source, she saw no 
one.


Josue: HEY! BEHIND YOU!


*I am a ghost.*

Othni: AAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!! {hides under his chear.}
Othnielys: Othni no baka.
May-Lin: {goes to Othni and look under the chair.} Do not worry Othni-
sama.. May-Lin is here to protect you.
Kid: {stands up} Back off hussy!
May-Lin: {glare at her} Why not. May-Lin is Othni-sama's fianc‚. have 
right.
Kid: No if I'm here to stop it!
Andrea: Girls please, stop it and watch the fic.
Jobi: Hey I got some phone calls. It says about Kid and Mey-Lin always 
arguing about Othni. some says to throw them out, other to keep it up 
because the raking go up. what shall I do?
Kid and May-Lin: HANG UP!!!
Jobi: . ok. but don't blame me then.


"Huh? Who's there?", she asked. 

Jack: Jack the bounty hunter to kill you.
Albert: that was not funny.
Jack: Who said I was?
Albert: .

The voice she heard was talking in a distant whisper, she barely 
understood what it was saying.

Othni: Is the ghost gone?
Andrea: I think.

*I am a ghost, a spirit....cursed with eternal life...., condemed to 
roam the earth for eternity.....I am alone....., and I cry endless 
tears....*


Othni: AAAAHHHH!!
Andrea: .not.
Izum: and bad spelling.. is condemned no condemed.


"Endless....tears.", Ginkoneko repeated.

*FLASHBACK*

Josue: Here come the memories parts!
Jonathan: Hang on!!


"...my reality will make you cry endless tears."

*END FLASHBACK*

Josue: It's that is?
Jonathan: The shortest flash back I ever seen.

The child version of herself had said those words in her dream three 
years ago.

*I am a ghost.*

Othni: AAAAHHH!!

"Who are you?!", she called again.

"Koneko-chan."

The voice that called her back sounded very familiar and it came from 
behind her. 

Othni: Oh no, the ghost will attack her!
Jobi: I think will do something else. tehe. 

She turned around and saw a woman with pink hair and purple eyes.

All: uh?


"Mother!"

All: oohh.


Haiku looked at her sadly. "I'm not your mother Koneko. You have to find 
your real mother. She needs you.", she turned her back to Ginkoneko.

May-Lin: Then if not mother.why call mother?
Kid: Speak proper English.
May-Lin: Up Shut!!
All: What!?!?
May-Lin: Mean.shut up!!
All: ooohhh.

Ginkoneko approached Haiku and placed a hand on her shoulder. "No, you 
are my mother. If the other one gave me up, she's not my mother."

"Go find your mother. She needs you.", was the only thing she replied.

Kid: Poor girl.

"NO!", shouted another voice.

Andrea: Who was that?

Ginkoneko looked around to see who yelled, and when she saw no one, she 
turned back to Haiku, but Haiku wasn't there anymore, she was replaced 
by another woman. Ginkoneko felt the woman's pale, ice cold skin, 
covered in scars. The woman turned around, it was Silver Light, looking 
at her with a serious expression.

Othni: IS THE GHOST!!! THE WHITE GHOST!!!
Andrea: Othni please is just a fic!


"Don't bother looking for your mother kitten. She's dead.", and she 
disappeared. Ginkoneko heard the whispers again, and the wind continued 
humming.

*I am a ghost.*

Othni: AAAAAHHHH!!! SEE!!
Kid: Ok ok Othni-chan the ghost went away.
Othni: Are you sure?
Kid: Yes.

*END DREAM*

Kid: see.
Othni: ok. {goes out and sits.}


Ginkoneko opened her eyes slowly, still hearing thunder crashing, she 
felt warm. She looked confused at her surroundings, she was inside a 
cave, lying beside a small fire. She sat up and looked at herself, she 
was now wearing a red shirt and black spandex shorts, she wasn't wearing 
any shoes.

Jobi: oh mama!!! What a girl!!!
Jonathan: I agree with you this time!
Jack:.
Girls: grmrnsgmrneh


'What happened? How did I get here? And why are my clothes different?', 
she thought.

"So, you're awake now."

Albert: Awaken my childe. I'm your god.
Washu: Nice try.
Albert: Damn.

 
Ginkoneko looked toward the voice, there, standing at the cave's 
entrance and staring at the dark, rainy sky, was Silver Light, wearing a 
white tang top and long jeans, and her back turned.
Othni: How can a Silver Light wear clothes?
Jobi: Don't ask me.
Jack: moron.
Vero: I like her clothes.
L.Marie: I agree! *^^*



"Silver Light? What happened? Where am I?", she asked her.

"I found you lying on the forest alone. You were unconscious and wet, so 
I brought you here and got you dry clothes."

Jobi: That explains the clothes.
Kid: But she was hit by lighting.
May-Lin: Hay-ya.
Andrea: mmmm. immortality?
All: naaaaah.


"I think I was hit by a lightning. And I'm still alive? I don't believe 
this."

All: We neither, believe us.


Silver Light chuckled. "It looks like you're tougher than you think, 
kitten."

"Why do you keep calling me kitten?"

Othni: Yeah, why does she call her kitten? She is not a cat ya know.
Andrea: Kitten. I heard some one that call her that way in a place 
before, but don't remember where.


"I bet that nobody calls you that. Besides, that is what Koneko means."

Othni: It means that?
Josue: If she says so, yes.
Jack: I want some action scenes.


"Well, yes, but-"

Ginkoneko was interrupted by another thunder crashing. Then she heard 
voices humming a sad melody.

Kid: That melody and voice again!
Othni: oh no.


"What's that?", she said.

She recognized the voices, they were the same voices she heard in her 
dream. Distant voices singing, carried away by the wind.

"That's the Lament of the Ghost.", Silver Light said, still not looking 
at Ginkoneko. "It happens every night, along with a voice whispering the 
same words all the time."

Othni: ahhhh ghost! I hate them!!! {starts to tremble.}
Jack: I don't believe this.. you're suppose to be the greatest warrior 
and not fear anything. and you are afraid of a simple ghost who is part 
of a fic? You are a disgrace.
Othni: I know.. but I can't help it ;_;

"A lament of a ghost? But I never heard it before."

"The Lament of the Ghost is only heard at late night in this forest. If 
I'm not mistaken, it must be pass midnight right now. Maybe you go to 
bed early. I've always heard it.", she turned to face Ginkoneko. "Do you 
want to hear the story?"

"Sure.", Ginkoneko replied.

All except Othni: Yeah, we like to know. come on tell us!
Jack: I love ghost stories. specially if they have killing on them.


Silver Light grabbed her hand and guided her back to where the fire 
stood, but Ginkoneko pulled back when she felt her cold skin.

"Silver Light, why are you so cold? You always look so pale and your 
skin is covered in too many scars. You almost look like you're......But 
at the same time you look so youthful and beautiful. How old are you?"

(Trunks' Girl 787: "Ginkoneko was going to say Silver Light looked like 
she was dead.")

Othni: aaahhh SHE IS A GHOST TOO!!
Izum: somebody calm the kid.
Andrea: Let me. <big WAMB> {Othni is out cold.}
Izum: Thanks.
Andrea: My pleasure.
Othni: @_@.


"I think I'm.......about 28 years old?"

"Really? You're only a few years older than me. I thought you we're 
older than that, but you don't look like it."

Jobi: I don't care how old she is as long I can have her for 
{interrupted.}
All: SHUT UP!!!
Jobi: rrrrrmmmm..


"Let's forget about it. Sit down."

Ginkoneko and Silver Light sit down, Ginkoneko in front of the fire and 
Silver Light sitting in front of her across the fire. Ginkoneko then 
heard whispers and the wind continued humming.

*I am a ghost.*

Othni: AAAAHHHH!!!
Izum: How did he wake up??
Andrea: Don't know, but he have been always hard headed. I knock him off 
again.
May-Lin and Kid: {stands} DON'T EVER THING ABOUT IT!! ONCE WAS ONCE!!
Andrea: ok ok.. Sheeesh.


"Is that whisper again. I heard it in my dream."

*I am a ghost, a spirit....cursed with eternal life,......condemed to 
roam the earth for all eternity.....I am alone,.....and I cry endless 
tears......*

Othni: AAAAAAHHHHHH!!!
May-Lin: Othni-sama I'm scare too. hug me!! {she tries but Kid 
interfere.} 
Kid: Don't think about it.


This time she heard the whispers in her mind. They weren't coming from 
outside.

*I am a ghost.*

"Kitten."

Othni: MYAU! Ahem I mean AAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!


Ginkoneko looked at Silver Light as the whispers stopped.

"I'll tell you the story of the ghost. I've tell this story to many 
people before, but they all think I'm crazy, except the little kids."

Ginkoneko looked at her with complete silence and attention.

"It started thousands of years ago. A little girl was born, but she 
wasn't a normal little girl, she was born unnaturally. She lived her 
first years with her mother, but then she was taken away by an evil 
person, from that day on, her life turned into a living hell. A hell in 
which she lived and had to endure, her soft heart became hard, and she 
didn't knew the meaning of love, happiness, friendship. She only knew 
hate and vengeance. Destiny just played with her, she was hated by 
everyone, unwanted, unloved, alone. Destiny didn't want her to be happy 
at all, destiny cursed her with eternal pain. But after many, many years 
of pain and loneliness, she finally found her love. Her heart softened 
once again, her love ones multiplied, and her bad memories were 
forgoten. She was very happy.", Silver Light took a deep breath, her 
serious expression didn't change, and she continued, 

{Everyone was paying very good attention to the story, than nobody saw 
when Othni grabs May-Lin for comfort (neither he knew), May-Lin saw it 
and hug him back smiling happily.}

"Unfortunately, that happiness only lasted a few years. Destiny 
interfered again and gave her something she didn't want. In result, all 
her love ones were killed, along with the other planets of the universe. 
Destiny's gift attracted a very powerful, evil being that killed 
everyone until she was the only one left. That's when she couldn't take 
it anymore, all her rage, pain, sadness, and anguish was released. She 
did a suicide attack, destroying the planet she was on, and taking away 
her life along with her enemy. She thought that she could finally rest 
in peace, that she would join her love ones in the after life, but once 
again, she was wrong. 

{Then Kid turn around to see Othni and May-Lin hugging each other. She 
gets mad and pinch May-Lin.}
May-Lin: OUCH!!
Kid: Get you hands off him.
May-Lin: It was him.
Kid: Yeah right.
Washu: SSSSSSHHHHH!!!


Destiny cursed her again and turned her into a ghost, trapped for all 
eternity, she was condemed to roam the earth forever, but there was on 
last thing she did. 

{But hearing that. the three of them got afraid and hug each other while 
the others didn't saw what happen since they were listening to the 
story.}
Othnielys: wow..
Izum: Bad spellinf add a 'n' after 'm' on condemned.
She never gave up to destiny's cruelty. Somehow she kept herself from 
going insane. She used destiny's gift to her advantage and returned one 
of her love ones back to life. 

Nobody knows what happened to the one she brought back, but I'm sure 
that whoever it is, is living a normal life. The problem is that the 
person she revived doesn't remember her, and her ghost continues to roam 
around the earth alone. Thought, even in loneliness, she's happy by what 
she did and does not regret it. She roams so much around this forest, 
that she made the lament, heard every night. The wind carries the lament 
through the whole forest, the spirits around here feel her pain and 
sometimes they sing along with her. It's been like that 'til today, and 
it still hasn't change. 

Othni Kid and May-Lin: EEEEEKKKK!!!
Jack: . jejej I like this story. I wish I could meet her.

So be careful around these areas after midnight, kitten. 

{The corp crew nod too of what she said.}

"You might run into the ghost of the roaming woman, and there's no 
telling what she would do. Of course, that doesn't mean she only roams 
around this forest."

"That's horrible.", Ginkoneko said.

Othni: eeeekkk.
Kid: yeah I agree.
Othnielys: One question. Why you guys are hugging in a strange matter?
{Kid, Othni and May-Lin see each other the way they are and like 
lighting, they jump backward form each other releasing form the hug. And 
with a strong blush on their face.}
Washu: Now I see why they like ghost stories.
{Everyone except the 3 of them laugh aloud.}


"Yes, it is.", Silver Light said. 

"Are you sure that story is real?"

"That's up to you, if you believe it, or you can ask what's making the 
lament."

All: I believe I believe!

Silver Light was right, Ginkoneko could still hear the lament in the 
wind, singing a sad melody.

*I am a ghost.*

Othni: AAAAAAHHHH!!


"You should rest now, kitten. The lament should stop sooner or later."

Keni: Myau.
Othnielys: Where were you Keni-chan?
Keni: Eating carrots.
Othnielys:. oh..


Ginkoneko looked at Silver Light in wonder and thought. 'I can still 
hear the lament, but how come the whispers stop every time Silver Light 
talks? This is so strange.'

Magalis: Freaky.
Elizabeth: Oh my.


Ginkoneko lay down on the ground, Silver Light closed her eyes and 
seemed to be meditating. Ginkoneko had trouble falling asleep, but 
eventually she did.

THE NEXT MORNING:

Jobi: Weaky weaky sleepy head.
Albert: haha!


Ginkoneko opened her eyes at the sound of birds singing. She got up, 
yawned, and streched.

Jonathan: Isn't good smelling the great smell of a cave in the morning?
Albert: Yeah.. is you want to smell Bat drops.


"About time sleeping beauty. You missed the sunrise.", Silver Light 
said, standing on the cave's entrance.

"What time is it?", Ginkoneko said.

Jonathan: It's time to wake up.. say good bye ghost and finish this fic!
Elizabeth: Don't be so hard on it Jonathan.
Jobi: Another call. is for you Jonathan. Trech says that you have to 
shut up and stop accelerating the fics.
Jonathan: Oh yeah!! Who do you think she is to shut me down?
Jobi: She says that if you confront her again you will be grounded with 
out playing Paystation for a whole week.
Jonathan: I'll be good, I'll be good I promise!
Rest: ....._


"Pretty early. You should go back to your house, your fiance must be 
worried about you. I heard him yelling your name last night."

"My fiance? How did you know?"

Andrea: Her fianc‚?
Kid: Must be Trunks.
Jobi: How lucky he is.

Ginkoneko's question was answered when Silver Light approached her and 
took her left hand, looking at her diamond ring.

Magalis: {She had her eyes big by the rock}.oh.. wow.. I.. must. have.. 
it.
Elizabeth: come on sis, calm your self sis.. control your self.
Magalis: I CAN'T!!
Elizabeth: Yes you can!!


"That's a beautiful ring you got there.", Silver Light said, smirking. 
"I hope your marriage turns out good. I know of a marriage that didn't 
last long, because......well, it's nothing important. Forget I said 
that."

Izum: She is hiding something.
Jack: I know.


"Your skin is colder than ice.", Ginkoneko said, taking her hand away 
from her, raising an eyebrow. "Are you sure you're not a living dead?"

Othni: AAAHHH!! A ZOMBIE!!
Kid: eeeek.
Andrea:.. knock it off


"Very funny, but I could be. Who knows?"

"What do you mean?"

All: Yeah what do you mean?


"None of your business, kitten. If I was your friend, I wouldn've tell 
you, but I'm not."

Jack: I like her.
Izum: . but she hides something. and that sentence had a bad spelling, 
is would've tell no wouldn've. is she tried to say "would not" is 
*won't* then.
Jack: That's why I like her.
Elizabeth: I agree with Izum, I should be the spelling checker.


"If you're not my friend, Silver Light, why are you talking with me? Why 
did you save me? Why did you gave me clothes? And why did you stay with 
me, and why did you tell me about the lament?"

"You don't have to be my friend for me to do all that, you're not my 
enemy either."

Jack: I still like her.
Izum: agree.


Silver Light walked out of the cave and Ginkoneko followed her.

'She's so weird.', Ginkoneko thought. 'She says she's not my friend or 
my enemy. What is she trying to say?"

All except Jack and Izum: Tell me about it.


Ginkoneko and Silver Light walked through the forest, heading to 
Ginkoneko's house. Ginkoneko would rather fly there, but she wasn't sure 
if Silver Light could fly, besides Silver Light seemed to know her way 
around the forest. After a few minutes of walking, they heard a voice 
shouting.

"Koneko!", it was Trunks. He landed in front of them.

"Trunks!", Ginkoneko ran to him and hugged him.

Jobi: (as trunks) Koneko!!!
Jonathan: (as Koneko) Trunks!!!
Jobi: Koneko!!
Jonathan: Trunks!!
Jobi: Koneko!!
Jonathan: Trunks!!
Jobi: Get away form my road I need to go to the bathroom..
Jonathan: uh? HOW RUDE!!
Both: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!
Rest: ... 



"Where were you? I was worried sick about you!"

"I'm not sure.", she replied. "Something happened last night and then I 
was with Silver Light."

"Are you okay?"

"I'm fine Trunks. But I still can't get that letter out of head."

"What letter?", Silver Light asked, looking suspicious.

Ginkoneko and Trunks looked at her.

"My mother died the day of my birthday and she left me a letter.", 
Ginkoneko said, looking uneasy. 

SOM: That's right. I read that part.. she die in a horrible car 
accident.
{Othni, Josue and Othnielys got a sad expression on their faces by the 
comment.}
SOM: uh? Why the gloomy faces?
Izum:. their parents. my uncles. die in a horrible car accident too when 
they were young.
Washu: yeah. but thanks kami for good old Washu-chan who was friends of 
their parents to take care of them. And look at us now!
Everyone: .
Washu: Ok I took the point.


"The letter said that she wasn't my real mother. It said that I should 
look for my real mother and-"

"NO!", Silver Light interrupted her, looking angry. 'That idiot! Why did 
she had to do that?!', she thought to herself and continued, "Don't 
bother doing that!"

{Izum and Jack look at each other.}
Jack: yeah.. She hides something.

"And why not?", Trunks asked, looking suspiciously at her. "Do you know 
anything about Koneko's mother?"

"None of your business, so butt out.", Silver Light said and turned to 
Ginkoneko. "Don't bother looking for your mother! If she abandoned you, 
then you're better off separated!"

Izum: Don't listen to her Trunks, she is hiding something!

"I don't understand!", Ginkoneko said exasperated. 

Crew: Us neither.


"What do you know about this? I can hardly accept my mother is another, 
I don't really want to look for a woman who gave me up, and you 
inmediately tell me not to bother! Why?"

Izum: Bad spelling.
Elizabeth: {interrupt him} is immediately no inmediately.
Izum: That's my job.
Elizabeth: I want to have part too. and what will you do about it?
Izum: grumble grumble Omae o korosu grumble grumble.
Elizabeth: stop with the Heero stuff.
Izum: .


"She's dead.", Silver Light said simply, but coldly.

Izum: Now she said she is death. that girl hides something.
Jack: I'll find out. if I have to kill her.
Othni: If you kill her you never will find out.
Jack: .


Ginkoneko gasped, totally confused and shocked. Trunks pulled her close.

"Hey, stop! You're scaring her! How do you know anyway?!", shouted 
Trunks angrily.

Silver Light smiled at them, which confused Trunks. Her cold expression 
was gone.

"I know things you would never imagine. Things so horrible and unfair, 
you probably would never believe it. I must go now.", Silver Light 
turned around, her back facing them.

Andrea: oh great. she is the greatest wise woman of the world!
Izum: she is hiding something.


"Wait! Where are you going?!", Ginkoneko asked.

"I'm just going to do something important. I won't be gone TOO long. 
Kitten, it's almost time.", then Silver Light vanished, right in front 
of them.

"Where did she go?", Ginkoneko asked.

Othni: she is a ghost!!!!

"I don't know, but I have a feeling we'll see her again soon.", Trunks 
said.

Jobi: (as trunks) Very. soon..

To Be Continued.........

Othni: I hate when they d that.
Kid: Oh really..


Translations: (for those who don't know)


Trunks' Girl 787: "Woah, Silver Light is very suspicious, isn't she? 
What is she plaining to do? Find out next!"

Jack: Yeah I want to know. if you don't say so I'll hunt you.
Othni: calm down tiger.
Izum: Eliminate the 'i' and change it to a 'n' in planning.


Lady Vegeta4eva: "And we have an announcement to make: In the next 
chapter Ginkoneko's mother will be revealed!"

Kid: uh? And they'll live happily ever after?

readers: *cheer loudly/applauses*

All: whooo <clap clap> what are we cheering for?

Trunks' Girl 787: "Thank you. And please review!!"

All: We already had done that for you.


NEXT TIME: Ginkoneko and Trunks get married, then Bulma tells them that 
someone is collecting the dragonballs!! Who? And for what? The Blue 
Lady, the one that appeared in Ginkoneko's dream three years ago, 
appears again (in reality) and convinces Ginkoneko to look for her lost 
mother, who is certainly alive. Also, she tells her that Silver Light 
knows who her mother is. Will Silver Light reveal Ginkoneko's mother, as 
well as a secret of her own?

Othni: I won't miss it!
SOM: Me neither.
Othni: But I don't understand. if Koneko's stepmother dies. why she does 
not revive her with the dragon balls?
Andrea: Maybe the author doesn't want it. It could alterate the story..


NEXT CHAPTER: ~Chapter 9: Ginkoneko's "Friend". Who is Silver Light?~

Kid: Finally she gets to be friends?
Othni: maybe.
Washu: mmmm.


Check out my other stories:

~War, Loss, and Love~ (DBZ/Tenchi Muyo)
~Twin Princesses Saga~ (Dragon Ball Z) (Prequel to War, Loss, and Love)
~Powerpuff Girls/Rowdyruff Boys' Theather~ (Powepuff Girls)

All: We will don't worry!

{the screen shuts down and light comes again.}

Othni: Time to the final summary!!!  The fic is good.. Very good.. 
toking out the ghost par of course. I congratulate the author she do a 
great job. Keep the good work.

Andrea: {toward the camera} Well thi is all for today's show, I hope you 
had enjoy it like us. See you next time.

Eric: //We are off air!!//

Jonathan: great.. now to play some PSX!
Elizabeth: Washu-chan I should be the main spelling checker. I'm want to 
have part of it. And I always checking Izum's spelling.
Izum: ggrrr.
Washu: mmm. ok. next time the job is yours.
Izum: Then What I'll do?
Washu: Criticizing. like always.
Izum: rrrrmmmm..
Microll: {the cylindrical robot flew toward them} Sorry to interrupt but 
there are 5 ships coming on this way. and two missiles at 9 o' clock!
Izum: What???
Jack: Key Pirates. maybe looking for me. I killed their leader.
Othni: But some Key Pirates are looking for us too.
Jack: What did you all did to them?
Jobi: You don't want to know.
Izum: But how did they found us?
Washu: Doesn't matte, everyone Battle alert. to your post now!
Izum: Microll put the battle alert system. Guys let's head to out 
gundams. Jack I let you charge of the artillery on the ship.
Jack: You bet. count on me.
Izum: Alright everyone. MOVE OUT!
All: Yes sir!

Change scene: Everyone where in their positions. The GWBRL boys where 
inside their gundams to wait for diploid and the other were on the 
bridge. Jack was piloting it.

Vero: {inside the navigator system capsule}/4 missiles is heading this 
way at high speed.}
Izum://Vero. hurry turn on the force field!//
Vero: /ok./
Jack: Don't worry about it.
Izum: //uh?//

(If you guys want to see our gundams just go to this address: 
http://www.geocities.com/othni_g_x_dbzgt/Gundams.htm)

{Jack moves the ship to face the missile and turn on the artillery. Some 
garlic guns and blaster came out form the front and he took out the 
grappler arms too.. The right one had a sub machine gun and the left had 
a shield.

Jack: FIRE!!!!!! {Rover start starts shooting at high speed. And in lets 
of 2 seconds all missiles were destroyed.}
Josue: Nice work hot shot.
Jack: No for nothing I'm the best Gunmaster.
Magalis: Why us three does not fight this time?
Washu: This is dangerous. I need the boys only.
Othnielys: Damn.
Washu: Hurry Izum, deploy the gundams.
Izum: //Roger.//

Change scene: RS's hangar. The door opens.

Othni: //Ready to mobilize Maincokth Gundam.// {It's thrown out by the 
catapult.}
Eric: //Ready to mobilize Roadstone Gundam.// {same as Othni.}
Jonathan: /Ready to mobilize Heavyhands Gundam.// {Is thrown too.}
Albert: //Ready to mobilize Nanaki. (Altronim)// {It's thrown too.}
SOM: //Ready to mobilize Beutor X.// {same.}
Izum: //Ready to mobilize Wing X Gundam.// {same.}
Id: //. Mobilizing Xenogears-Id.// {same.}

All Gundams were thrown away. Xenogears took out it's 6 hologram angel 
wings and with a high impulse, flew toward the enemy disappearing. Wing 
X opens it's wings and flew toward them too.

Vero: /The enemy is coming./

At a distance, we can see 5 ships and from them, were coming a huge wave 
of mini ships. Jack start the artillery destroying one big part of them. 
Othni was fighting hand-to-hand combat with a mobile suit in site. His 
gundam made two sings and a round house, but the mobile suit dodges it. 
Then he made a 180 turn, took out it's wrist saber and cut the Mobile 
Suit in half. Flew backward a little bit and shoot it's Ki Shooter 
blowing it up. 

Altronin gundam appears in the other side spinning it's double beam 
saber and stopping in a guard pose. Then 5 mini ships appear shooting at 
it. Albert moves his gundam to protect itself with the arm like a 
shield. Then y Opens up and destroy 4 of them with it's flame thrower. 
He spin de saber again and change course and threw from his right hand 
it's dragon fan. The Stretch arm went flying and passes through the last 
mini ship destroying it.

Change camera to Heavy-Hands. Jonathan pulls the trigger and the double 
garlic gun shoots toward 10 mini ships that were coming toward them. 5 
more appears to his right and he uses the other garlic gun to shoot. He 
could destroy 4 form the 5 in the right and 5 from the 10 of his front. 
Then Jonathan makes the giga attack opening all artillery, and all 
missiles and gunshots were thrown out destroying the rest.

Then change to Izum. Wing X was flying dodging some blaster shots and 
missiles. Then he turn around and shoot it's Double Beam Riffle. The 
wave beam went out taking bit part of the enemy. Then a Mobile suit 
appears in his back swinging it's saber. Wing X dodge, but the Mobile 
suit swing again the saber this time taking Izum by surprise, but he 
could block it with Wing X's shield. Then He took out the saber and cut 
the mobile suit in half.

Othni: //Those Mavericks are strong. but not strong enough.//
Eric: //Who would though that Key Pirate will higher/contract Mavericks 
to hunt us.//
Izum: // Be alert you two. the fight is not over yet.//
Both: // Roger. //
Jonathan: // Where is Id?//
Izum: // Don't know.//

In another side of space, some mini ships has lost sight of Xenogears-
Id. They were looking for it, but in a little distraction, 2 were 
destroyed by a swing of a beam saber. The Mavericks turn around to see 
who it was, but didn't saw no one. They move but nothing. But then, they 
crash into something. And invisible thing, that became visible and shows 
Xenogears-Id. The Mavericks went backward at the same time that 
Xenogears-Id turn on it's hologram wings and shoot a Ki blast towards 
them destroying the enemy.

Id transforms Xenogears-Id into super Xenogears-Id. The red and black 
Gundam change into white and red. And now it has 8 spikes were it comes 
out 8 hologram wings. With a sonic boom, the gundam went flying into 
high speed like light and arrive into one ot the main ships. The alert 
alarm goes on the ship, but Super Xenogears-Id took out it's wrist saber 
and crash into the ship passing through it, cutting all that was on his 
way and crash out on the other side going out. The ship blew up in 
matter of seconds.

Jonathan: //What tha.//
Izum: // I guess Id got charge of one main ship. SOM!//
SOM: {who was fighting other mini ships} // Here Izum.//
Izum: // Use Beutor-X's shield cannon to destroy the other main ship, 
hit the nuclear reactor.//
SOM: // Roger.//

SOM destroyed the mini ships, then aim it's shield toward a second main 
ship. The shields transform unto a laser launcher and charge a beam 
ball. Seconds later a huge wave beam of violet color shoot out from it 
taking the second main ship. The beam was so huge that made a huge hole 
hitting the nuclear reactor. Seconds later the ship was blown to dust.

SOM: // Two ships, 3 to go.//
Izum: // It's my turn.//
Jonathan: // Oh shut!! LET'S GET THE HECK OUT OF HERE!!!!//
Eric: //Got you!//
Othni: // Me too!//
{all Gundams flies away leaving Izum alone.}

Wing X stands straight in space. Then It's wings goes to the sides and 
opens, dividing it self in little wings like a satellite. Then two 
riffle cannons appears from the back and rest on Wing X's shoulders. 
Izum aim toward the third ship and activates the satellite cannon. From 
River Star's main source of energy, a short energy beam hit Wing X's gem 
and charge it. Seconds later Izum pull the trigger and a huge energy 
wave shoots outs disintegrating the Pirate ship. 20 seconds later the 
gundam stops it's attack and Wing X does back to normal.

Back to River Star, Jack was shooting the ship's weapons to destroy some 
mini ships. But since they were less in size than RS, they were faster. 
But still Jack does not give up. Then he saw a great opening and shoot 
the beam cannon destroying them in chain reaction. Then one of the 
pirate ship appears to his sides with the grappler arms out.

Jack: You want close combat I see. I accept you challenge.

Jack move RS toward the pirate ship and use the grappler arms to catch 
theirs and make force like wrestling.  None other both ships were taking 
advantage. But then the pirate ship took out a garlic gun and shoot 
toward RS hitting it's armor. The force field protected a little but 
all. Jack got mad by the sneaky attack and took out the missile 
launcher, shoot 2 missiles that blows up the ship's front. Then RS punch 
three times with the grappler arms and destroyed the bridge. Seconds 
later the pirate ship explode. RS turn to the remaining ship, and this 
one seen what happened run away to escape.

Jack: Not trying to escape aren't you. the party isn't over yet boys. 
Washu. how do I use out the ship's main cannon?
Washu: Just hit the emergency button.
Jack: Thanks.

Jack hit the button and from the frontal side of RS, a compartment 
opened. Then from it, a mid size cannon goes out and stops. Jack Aim in 
the screen at the escaping ship and lock on the target.

Jack: Lock on target. bye bye. {grins evilly.}

Jack pull the trigger and the ship's cannon start charging an energy 
have. 5.4.3.2.1. FIRE!!! The cannon shoots a blue beam toward the pirate 
ship and in caught it on the long distance. The ship explodes in a blue 
kaboom. And the good guys win. Poor Pirates.

Izum: // I se Jack used the main weapon. Ok Guys. mission accomplished 
let's get back to the ship.//
All: // Roger.//

Change scene: Later at time, inside the ship.

Later, everything was back to normal. The Corp's crew were in front of 
the transfer pod to say good byes to Jack.

Izum: Thanks for you help. we couldn't done it with out you.
Jack: {sarcastic} yeah yeah. you kid are to little to be playing with 
weapons. you need someone like me to do the dirty work.
Kid: . [what an ego.] _ .
Othni: We will see you again Jack-san?
Jack: Maybe. well.. Ja ne. {he turn around and disappears.}
Othnielys: What a guy!! He didn't said good bye. what a jerk.
Andrea: He reminds me about some one I know. {looks toward Id who glare 
mad at her taking the indirect.}
Richard: I'm glad this is over. too bad Juancho and David didn't want to 
come.
Washu: This sure is a good adventure. well you have the help of the 
great scientist on the universe. what could be wrong? {All look at her 
with worried glance.} Hey!!! Are you saying I'm a bad luck charm?
Othni: Well. actually. you are our misfortune charm.
Washu: WHY YOU!! Othni I took care of you and this is how you repay me! 
NO new game inventions for you in a moth!
Othni: WHAT!!!! Noo. BUWAAAA!!!! I'm sorry I take it back!!!
Washu: You're late.
Andrea: That's reminds me. we forgot something.
Othni: Yeah, we forgot to eat.. and I'm hungry!!!
All: OTHNI YOU'RE ALWAYS HUNGRY!!!
Othni: ehh. well I can't help it. ^_^ u
{everyone make a protest and walk away leaving him alone.}
Othni: Hey guys.. guys.. don't leave me alone.. hey! HEY!! WAIT FOR ME!!

Change scene: Some time later, in the Ship's main hall. The Crew were 
watching TV and eating snacks.

Andrea: Where is Washu?
Richard: She is in the ship's lab.
Andrea: I see.
Kid: Man I hope we get back home. this space traveling is making me 
sick.
May-Lin: Hay-ya. agrees. {face green.}
Othni: I like it. but still I miss my bed.
Rest: .
Jonathan: shhhh. let me listen to the anime. this is the best part of 
Hyper Police.
Vero: I like Mitsuki-chan.
L.Maire: Me like Sakura.
Eric: {working on his laptop} wow!!! Heard the latest news. Windows 
12,000 GP is out!! {Everyone ignored him.}
Washu: {coming out the lab and sees everyone.} Hi guys.
Andrea: Good. Washu were are we going back to Earth?
Washu: In a year. space time.
All: WHAT???
Washu: Hey. we need to MST Review, and all MSTers were going to space 
and out competition was getting higher. so I made this plan to MST and 
keep our road.
Kid: so.. are.. we.. going.. to. stay. on.. space?
May-Lin: For. a. hole.. year?
Washu: Yes. n_n
Kid and May-Lin: AAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!! {hug each other in frustration.}
Othni: tee hee n_n
Rest: owww.. crap.

Scene: Fades in black and Washu pops out her head.

Washu: And remember, stay tunner and don't miss the S.O.M.V.G.A.M.P. 
Corp's MST Review on space. And please. call me Washu-chan.

END (for now.)
---------

Author's final notes:

Thanks for watching our new episode of mst on space. This is just a 
intro or prolog, so the action scene was like a fic part. You will see 
us other times if time lets me.

Another thing, the fic we review, was a fic from Trunks Girl. This story 
line is very good and I like it very much so that's why I select it. 
This is my way to show my appreciations. And Trunks' girl, if you're 
reading this MST Review, I like to tell you to " Keep the good work and 
don't give up" you have a good talent. 

One more thing. I'll be waiting the next chapter.

One More thing: War Lost and Love is good too.

One More thing: I hope you does not get mad with this.

One more thing: {The rest of the corp group appears and yelled at 
Othni.}

Crew: OTHNI KNOCK IT OFF WITH JACKIE CHAN ADVENTURES' UNCLE LINE!!

Ok ok. sheesh. well see ya later guys and I hope you likes our MST.

Cast:

Othni: {First MST Reviewer}: " I'm Hungry."

Izum: {Second reviewer Spelling checker.}: "Mission. accomplished. Why 
are you looking me like that? Heero Yuy is my Idol ya know."

Eric: {Control panel technical and Comp expert}: "I'm a Hacker and 
DA'Master$ is my nickname."

Jonathan: {Third Reviewer and camera guy.}: "I'm a video game freak. and 
so what."

Albert: {Second camera guy and Reviewer.}: "Bow before me. I'm you 
fighting games god!"

Jobi: {Phone calls technical}: "Hey girl, want to go out? You wont 
regret it."

Elizabeth: {Extras and second spelling checker.}: "OH my."

Magalis: {Extras}: "Money money. show me the money."

Kid: {Fourth reviewer}: "I'll guide you in your path mate."

May-Lin: {invited herself extra}: "Othni-sama, wo hay mi."

Othnielys: {fifth reviewer}: "Othni no baka."

Keni-ohki: {Crew's pet}: "mya mya mya. I can talk in my humanoid form."

Andrea: {Sixth reviewer}: "I'm the great Vegemoon."

Josue: {Extra}: "I fight at the Hitetmi-Suruyi style."

Richard: {PC technical}: "Magalis please go out with me!"

Washu: {Owner}: "I'm Washu, the #1 scientist in the universe!!!!!"

Veronica: {Extra}: "Hi everyone ^_^"

Lehiry Marie: {Extra} "I like you. want to play?"

Id Wong: {Extra and body guard}: "Those who gets in the hands of 
shinigami will die."

Jack: {Guest}: "..."

P.S. If you still have doubts about us, just imagine the craziest 
corporation in the whole anime world.


