Hey everyone, I like Eminem and after listening to it a million
times it came to me as a good idea as a Ryoko get Tenchi song.
Disclaimer: The song belongs to marshall maters or Eminem. All Tenchi
and related caracters belong to AIC and pionneer. They are not mine.


Song Title:  The Real Slim Shady
Artist:  Eminem
Album(s):  The Marshall Mathers LP



Lyrics:  [Washu]
May I have your attention please?
May I have your attention please?
Will the real Ryoko please stand up?
I repeat, will the real Ryoko please stand up?
We're gonna have a problem here..

[Ryoko]
Y'all act like you never seen a demond person before
Jaws all on the floor while she destoyes your sencond floor
that started cause Ayeka pissed her worse than before
she dissed her and now she blew the furniture (Ahh!)
It's the return of the... "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding,
she didn't just say what I think she did, did she?"
And Little Washu said... nothing you idiots!
Little Washu's dead, she's locked in her lab! (Ha-ha!)
Masculine men love Ryoko {*vocal turntable:
chigga chigga chigga*} "Ryoko, I'm sick of her
Look at her, walkin around flashing her you-know-what
to you-know-who,"  "Yeah, but she's so cute though!"
Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse, than what's goin on in Nobuyuki's bedroom
Sometimes, I wanna get on TV and just let loose, but can't
but it's cool for Kagato to hang a person on a noose
"My tounge is on your lips, my tounge is on your lips"
And if I'm lucky, I just might get a little kiss
And that's the message that I deliver to the princess
And expect her not to know what a man's lower half is
Of course she gonna know what intercourse is
By the time she hits the Juraian grade
They got all Channels don't they?
"We ain't nothing but demonds.." Well, some of us Princesses
don't cut other people open like cantaloupes {*SLURP*}
But if we can kill animals and antelopes
then there's no reason that Tenchi-san and Ryoko-san can't elope
{*EWWW!*} But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Tenchi doesn't want ho's, sing the chorus and it goes

Chorus: Eminem (repeat 2X)

I'm Ryoko, yes I'm the real Ryoko
All you other Ryokos are just clones of me
So won't the real Ryoko please stand up,
please stand up, please stand up?

[Ryoko]
Well Kagato don't gotta be mean to sell his apeal;
well I do, so fuck him and fuck you too!
You think I give a damn about a making Washu a granny?
Half of you idiots can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
"But Ryoko, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?"
Hell no, I wish I could just lie to get me here?
So I can, go sit there to kill Britney Spears?
Shit, Christina Aguilera better not come here
cause im so fuckin drunk from this beer
and we argue over who should give Tenchi head to first
You little snobby bitch, put me on blast on MTV
"Yeah, she's cute, but I think she's not married to Tenchi, hee-hee!"
I should download on audio and MP3
and show the whole world how I love Tenchi Masaki {*AHHH!*}
I'm sick of you little prissy girl princesses, all you do is annoy me
so I have been sent here to destroy you {*bzzzt*}
And there's only one just like me
who flys like me; who just don't give a fuck like me
who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me
and just might be the next best thing but not quite me!

Chorus

[Ryoko]
I'm like a head trip to listen to, cause I'm only tellin you things
you try with your boy friends inside your living room
The only difference is I got the gall to say it
in front of y'all and I don't gotta be false or sugarcoated at all
I just get on the mic and spit it
and whether you like to admit it {*ERR*} I just shit it
better than ninety percent of you sluts out can
Then you wonder how can Mihoushi eats up the ceareal like un-forreal
It's funny; cause at the rate I'm goin when I'm thirty*
I'll be the only person in the house flirting
Pinchin tenchis ass when I'm hovering off with Ryo ohki
And shes pissed at me cause this whole bag of carrots isn't working
And every single  person is a Ryoko lurkin
Shee could be workin at the Misaki Shrine, Driving you out of your mind
Or in the air, circling
Screaming "I don't give a fuck!"
with her upside down and her middle finger up
So, will the real Ryoko please stand up?
And put one of those fingers on each hand up?
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
and one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?

Chorus 2X



tell me what ya think at Ryoushi010@hotmail.com

