Little Ryoko ^.~
ryokochan3@aol.com
A poem to the ladies of TM

Achem, now with that said, here we go!

Sonnet to the Goddesses of Tenchi Muyo!

All hail Washu, Goddess of Science, Mistress of Wisdom,
and Punisher by Falling Objects!
Lady with pink hair, the goddess green eyes, what secrets do you hold?
To the future and the stars, we ride your midnight chase.
Your heart, your hands, broken and hidden behind that face.
The innocence of a child to mask the unruly pain.
When will all labors be fruitful, for the skies to sing again?

All hail Mihoshi, kind Lady of Innocence, Bringer of Justice,
Golden-head and Golden-heart!
Innocence and ocean eyes, to the galaxies beyond.
For sweetness and good hearts come by few.
Always doing the right even when it's wrong
Giving mercy to all
And angels from the sky with their happy smiles
and cheerfull giggles come too.

All hail Sasami/Tsunami, Goddess of Compassion and Beauty, our
Lady of Jurai!
Beautiful and graceful, childlike wonder galore.
Goddess of Jurai, power beyond the stars
Held behind that smile, those eyes, that beauty,
what secrets do you hold?
Maturity and power are held in your ivory hands,
to be beheld by your rose eyes and carressd by your azure hair.

All hail Kiyone, Underappreciated Bringer of Justice, All-around
Do-Gooder, and the One With the Most Common Sense!
Lady of Independence and power, to thee we look at and wonder.
Sky blue eyes and green chaser hair, reflect of different colors in light.
Galaxy defender and righter of wrongs
Rider of the stars and singer of kareoke songs!

All hail Ryoko, Wild Child of the Stars, Goddess of Happiness
and Pleasure, Lover of Life, Bringer of Rapture!
Golden eyes rip asunder the heavens,
Rage and fury fly in her wake
By power, by love, hidden behind the tears that won't shed.
Pain and sorrow hidden behind smiles and silly faces
Golden eyes weave through a lonely heart

All hail Ayeka, Goddess of Honor, Fidelity, Purity and Inner
Strength!
Violet hair and pink eyes glare with unseething hatred underneath
but there is care there, woven with love, and a sense of duty
Weighing her shoulder, the duties, the calls
to be let free, this amethyst beauty is for what the soul needs

All hail Achika, Goddess of Love, Kindness, Not Forgotten...
Dark hair and shining eyes
Mischevious and all aglow
Bringing happiness and peace with her
Love is her guide and patron
Kindness knows know bounds within her and her heart is not lost to us

We salute thee!!!
O, Goddesses of Tenchi Muyo!
Difference make all of you special
To be loved and cared for
To deserve the admiration
Stand tall Ladies of the Light
Recieve your due.

Authors note: To those of you into character bashing (I know some of you
just don't want to admit it for fear of a fight) BLECH!  Everyone deserves
respect and I just wrote this to prove it. ^_^ -now that's a satisfied smirk.
