Subject: [FFML][TM! Spamfic]What'll it be?
Date: Mon, 30 Nov 1998 23:08:57 -0500
From: Mark Ferrer <mabli@idirect.com>
To: ffml@fanfic.com

mabli@idirect.com

What'll it be?

by Mark Ferrer

Disclaimer: None of these characters are mine. I'll only be using them
for a little while.

Note: This is the work of a sleep depraved, er, dipraved, er,
deepraived... Um, a really sleepy guy.

* * *

Tenchi walked the streets, having no particular place to go, deep in
thought. Life at home got really weird ever since a fight between Ryoko
and Ayeka resulted in one of Nobiyuki's camcorders to be damaged. He had
never seen his father like that, ever. All the girls broke was the strap
that wrapped around your hand while you held the recorder. Maybe he
probably got angry because that was the camera he used to take Achika's
movies with. All Tenchi knew for sure was that he wasn't seeing things
that his father had a pale blue aura surrounding him when he found out
who broke the strap. Tenchi's grandfather also seemed interested by the
whole thing. Perhaps Nobiyuki's lineage had some magical aspects?

"Tenchi. Your indecision has brought one of my treasures to be damaged.
I suggest you choose one of these girls before something else happens."
his father had said in front of everybody. He left to repair the camera,
leaving Tenchi, the girls and Yosho in startled in his wake.

Yosho was the first to recover. Clearing his mouth before saying, "I
believe we should follow your father's... advice on this subject Tenchi.
Take some time and think about who you truly want. Sasami, Kiyone,
Mihoshi, I think it's time you tell Tenchi."

Tenchi looked at the three girls. "Tell me what?" he asked innocently.

He was completely surprised to see all girls facefault at that question.
When they had recovered, they told him that they were also in love with
him. <God I'm dense.> Tenchi thought to himself.

He absently noted that he was reaching the plaza near his home.
Shrugging his shoulders, he headed for it.

He passed by some stores with beautiful gowns. He briefly wondered how
each of the girls would look in them. A light blue (some would say cyan)
dress caught his eye and he thought of the choice he would have to make.

"I pretty much can't base it on looks." Tenchi mused.

<Ryoko...> Tenchi thought. <Pirate. Space Pirate. That pretty much
summed up the blue haired beauty. Yet the macho exterior is hiding the
sweet, gentle woman beneath.>
<Princess Ayeka. What a title. Almost the polar opposite to Ryoko. The
sweet, gentle exterior hides a wild animal. Am I really ready for S&M?>
<Washu, the self proclaimed 'Genius Scientist of the Universe.' No doubt
she's confidant of herself. I'm almost guaranteed a unique life if I
choose her. Discovering new life forms, building universe changing
inventions. The weird thing though is that she likes her child form.
Plus seeing her in that nurse outfit...>
<Mihoshi wasn't as much a surprise as the other two. I always had a
funny feeling that she did like me. I should have known for sure that
time we all got mixed up in space and time. I became her husband and I
still didn't notice she had feelings for me! For some reason, I can only
see her as a friend. She's just too much of a ditz for my taste. But in
rare occasions, she shows a solid determination that just blows me away.
I can't help but wonder how she can do that.>
<I wonder how Kiyone ever fell in love with me. Now that I think about
it more, she's shown it, but in a really subtle way. Perhaps it's
because we know almost what the other is going through. I have to handle
a possible entry into a Royal order on an alien planet and 6 girls in
love with me while she has to handle Mihoshi and try to get her career
back on track. Two sane people surrounded by madness. The only thing is
her line of duty. At any time, she could be transferred to practically
anywhere in the universe. That could be a problem.>
<And Sasami. Too cute for words and wise beyond her years. Not only
that, but she's linked to the Goddess Tsunami. She's gonna be gorgeous
when she grows up, maybe more than the other girls. If I waited for her
to grow up, she might fall in love with someone else leaving me left
behind or the daily fights might escalate even more.>

The growling in his stomach was loud enough to distract him from his
thoughts. He had left the house with only half a cup of tea in his
stomach. Looking around, he saw that the only place where he could get
food was a small ice cream shop.

Entering the shop, the cashier welcomed him, "Welcome to the Ice Cream
Emporium. 250 flavours and counting."

"NO!" Tenchi shouted before falling dead on the floor.

"Wh-what happened?" asked the cashier.

A young, black haired girl and a tall, tanned beauty checked out the
fallen boy. The shorter pulling out a small device and pointing it at
the boy.

"It says his fainted from the stress of having to choose." she said,
pressing some buttons on the cellphone looking device.

"Who in the world faints from having too many ice cream choices?" asked
the taller one.

"There something strange- hey, he's trying to say something." exclaimed
the younger one.

"I wish..." Tenchi murmured.

* * *

To be continued?

All I can say is, oops. I started as a spamfic but I guess it quite
possibly turn into a series. It was supposed to be a short joke but it
just got longer. oh well.
