------ From happosai@jps.net (Happosai)

In article  borgward@informatik.tu-muenchen.de (Michael Borgwardt) wrote:
>
>The 2nd Tenchi movie "Manatsu no Eve" has been available in Japan on LD and
>video since mid-december. The US release (VHS, LD, DVD) is scheduled for
>March 31st, so no-one will bother fansubbing it. BTW, the US title will be
>"Daughter of Darkness" (may all marketing people burn in hell).

"Thanks for inviting me over for dinner," said the marketing executive from 
Pioneer, as he sat down at the table.

"Don't mention it at all," replied Tenchi. "We wanted to let you know just how 
we feel about you changing the title of 'Manatsu no Eve' to 'Daughter of 
Darkness', so that half of the gaijin otaku will think it's some kind of 
hentai tentacle video."

"Yes, we certainly *do* wish to express our feelings on the matter," said 
Aeka. "Ne, Ryoko-san?" she added sweetly.

"Oh, I couldn't agree more, princess," answered Ryoko very politely.

The executive frowned. He'd read the backs of every single tape in the series 
to be sure he knew all about it, so he was sure there were no gaps in his vast 
knowledge, but somehow, something wasn't right here. Weren't the girl with the 
purple hair (whatever her name was) and the one with the... whatever they 
called that color... hair supposed not to like each other? He laughed a little 
nervously. "Well, you know those artistic types. Without us folks from the 
marketing department to lead them around, they wouldn't know what to do with 
themselves."

Yosho nodded. "Greatest of the fool's, Folly lies in thinking that, What he 
says is wise." He sipped his tea. *Not one of my best, but not that bad, 
either. I'll have to remember that one.*

"Yeah, exactly," agreed the executive.

Ryoko floated up out of her seat. "I don't mean to rush you, Aeka, but we need 
to get back into the kitchen, don't we?"

"That's quite alright, Ryoko-san. Thank you very much for reminding me," the 
princess replied, standing up. The two girls walked off together, making 
polite small-talk about the weather.

"What exactly are... um... uh... err... A-ko and Ryoga doing, anyway?" asked 
the executive. "Are they fixing dinner?"

"Not for *us*," replied Mihoshi. "Sasami-chan's fixing our dinner like she 
always does, but Ryoko and Aeka are making something *really* *yummy* just for 
you!"

"Oh, wow, you didn't have to go to all that trouble on *my* account," said the 
executive.

"It wasn't any trouble. We always make sure to treat our guests exactly as 
they deserve to be treated," said Nobuyuki, setting up his camcorder on a 
tripod and pointing it directly at the exec.

"What's that for?" the man asked.

Kiyone smiled. "We want to be able to treasure this moment and re-live it 
again and again."

"I don't know what to say," sniffled the executive, wiping away tears. He 
looked over at Washuu typing on her semi-transparent laptop, and managed to 
dredge up her name from his memory. "Uh, Washuu-san, what are you working on 
there?"

Washuu tensed, then smiled. "Oh, I'm just making preparations for a little 
experiment to study the effects of corrosive toxins on the human digestive 
system."

"Sounds like it'll be a really interesting experiment, Washuu-san!"

Washuu's smile widened a little. "Oh, it will be."

"Dinner's ready!" announced Sasami all of a sudden.

Mihoshi, Kiyone, and the men of the household quickly helped her bring the 
serving platters out, while behind the young princess came Aeka and Ryoko, 
smiling and carrying a covered dish apiece. As they approached the table, 
Ryo-oh-ki sniffed at the fumes wafting out of the dishes. Instantly she 
dropped the carrot she'd been nibbling, arched her back and hissed, fur 
bristling, for a few seconds before fleeing as fast as her paws could carry 
her.

Ryoko and Aeka bowed to the executive, placing their dishes in front of him. 
"Dinner is served," they said, smiling.




Hasheen!

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Aikan Muyo #9 now on-line, hosted at the Ryan Anderson fanfic page at:
http://ucsu.colorado.edu/~andersor/fanfic/fanfic.html