Nihao!

	Just a little spam fic that I thought up while doing my homework. (In 
other words, I was watching TV INSTEAD of doing my homework) The only 
thing I can say in my defense is that it fits. All C&C welcomed, wanted, 
and demanded. After all, being able to read all these wonderful fics are 
only a small part as to why I joined the FFML.

										JG

Jusenkyo Productions Proudly Presents
A Tenchi Muyo! And Animaniacs Cross Over
Mindy

(The legal stuff, Tenchi Muyo is not mine, although I wish it was, and 
Animaniacs are also not mine, but they can keep them. Dealing with 
Mihoshi is fine, dealing with Yakko, Wakko, and Dot is not. ~_^)

	
	Mindy was once again safe in the yard, and Buttons was once again in 
trouble with Mindy's parents.

	"Bad Buttons! I told you to stay out of the neighbors floor bed!" 
Mindy's mom said.

	Buttons tried, and failed, to explain that he hadn't. That all the dirt 
came from trying, and failing, to save Mindy from trains, planes, and 
two lab mice plotting to take over the world. In the process he had been 
run over, blown up, and used as a moving target by a mobile army 
division. He sighed as a bone was withheld from him. Buttons was always 
getting into trouble because of little Mindy. One day he vowed, he would 
fine someone, somewhere, to take Mindy of his hands, er, paws.

	Mindy's mom had turned to her little darling. "Now Mindy, there is a 
new family moving across the street. I want you to be nice when they 
come over for tea. They have a little girl who is your age." She said

	Mindy grinned at her mom, "OK Lady." She burbled happily.

	Mindy's mom sighed, "Call me mom, mama, mother, not Lady."

	"OK Lady I love you bye bye!" Mindy giggled.

	Mindy's mom walked off muttering something about Mindy needing a good 
shrink.

	There was a small knock at the yard gate. It opened to reveal a small 
girl about Mindy's age.

	"Hello, my name is Kiyone what's yours?" The small girl asked.

	"Mihoshi, but everyone calls me Mindy. You want to be friends?" Mindy 
said in that bubbly voice of hers.

	"Sure!" Kiyone said with an enthusiastic nod.

Buttons began to hope.