Subject: [FFML] [TM!] [3-D] Mechanics of a Downfall
Date: Sun, 26 Jul 1998 19:49:01 +0800
From: "Nikholas F. Toledo Zu" <niftol@i-manila.com.ph>
To: ffml@fanfic.com

Let's forget.

        let's forget that the Tenchi OAV series ends with Serio and Azusa
and the appearance of the mothers.

        let's forget that Pioneer ever had any plans on it beyond the 13
episodes (well, maybe plus the Mihoshi special, since there was no other
Tenchi universe at the time).

        in fact, let's forget altogether that there were any other Tenchis,
even if it does mean that Kiyone is somewhere stuck on the remains of some
unnamed mad scientist's lair, and Pretty Sammy is silently working at
Galaxy Police HQ.

let's forget that I have twenty-odd fanfics to plug, 3 whole webpages to
revamp, and the fact that the Entertainment Capital of UP Village is about
to pack up and leave.

forgot all that?  what else to we have to not-assume for our suspension of
disbelief to work, and for this blurb to end?

don't look.

***

The weak link.

The killer watched from peripheral vision as the players milled the room,
going about, efficiently sliding into the roles they were made to play.
She herself merely waits, as the pieces have only started to fall into
place, and the cast had not been completed.  Time will come, and finally,
finally, the great game will wind down.  And she would make sure that she
would be in position for the final tableau.

Her slender fingers rolled over her skin, under her chin.  The minute
motions traced fine patterns of blood vessels dispensing and collecting
vital nutrients to her very cells.  Seated in her right palm, her carotid
artery powerfully beat a pattern of life, a mantra warding off the death
that could be caused by even the slightest of well-placed pressures...

She submerged into the darkness...

***

The sun bid farewell to the house so conveniently located near the Masaki
Shrine, beautifully streaking red the arboreal sky.  The lake glistened
with recognition, two rival ships whose husks lay cracked and scarred at
the bottom, one placed slightly out-of-sync in parallel-pocket dimension,
and one rooted in the nearby forest waved goodnight to the alien star
that veered beyond the horizon, revealing the perfect mask of space.

Katsuhito Masaki stood stock still, arms crossed, eyeing as best he could
from the shrine the house where his past hobnobbed with his future.  His
meditations as of late had been untranquil, disturbed.  Invariably, it
would be during the periods of cease-fire in the household in the valley,
when and where neither hide nor hair of conflict or battle ensued, when
he would feel the numbing sensation that usually accompanied the
unsuccessful transition to astral space.

It was not merely an insessorial annoyance or an impish impetus, it came
more of a maddening realization of anarchy, or a fanciful appeal of
entropy to his intellect.  The atmosphere seemed to beg for chaos, and it
crawled across his skin, goose-pimply and slithering.

He thought he knew what it was:  seven hundred years were not enough to
still the warrior blood in his veins.  The fight had never gone out, only
hid, until it effected manifestations, first in his grandson's spirit,
and now in his own unfettered passions for the glorious fight.  His
fading memories of Ryoko and Jurai still bled his calm resolve, but they
were two-dimensional and distant horizons, shadows of the immediacy which
came with it when.

At that, he nodded, thinking that the problem was over, and got up to
make some tea.

***

Sasami peered into the living room.

Most of them were there, of course.  She started counting heads...
Ryoko, check.  Ayeka, check.  Ryo-oh-ki... hmmm... yes, beneath the
dinner table, check.  Mihoshi, check.  Tenchi's father, in his room,
check.  Washu, in the lab.  Check.  Err.  Wait.  Washu, in the lab.

"Dinner's ready!  Could someone please get Wa-?"

"I'll go!"  The figure made its way to the portal under the stairs.

"Oh.  Okay."  She pulled herself back inside to bring in the meal.

***

Washu heard the "alarm" signaling that someone had entered the room.
"Hullo?"  No one.  She turned back - then turned back and low.  No baby.

"Hmm.  Wondered where I got that idea."  She went back to typing on her
laptop.

She'd been monitoring the progress of growth of Ryo-Oh's seed, and its
effects on the laboratory as a whole.  She knew that it wasn't standard
operating procedure (hell, she knew that nothing was made in any normal
laboratory unless it was under the most tedious of controlled environs),
but the power that was Jurai (or a sample of it) was best experienced,
rather than observed.

For one, the air always seemed a little bit cleaner.

Other than that, she herself had had no experience of difference
whatsoever.  The computers, however, always seemed to like its company,
and she had caught them several times deep in data transferrence.

If they want to keep me out of their fun, she thought glumly, then let
them go right ahead.  And that was the last of that.

However, her readings have been erratic as of late.  The growth, which
was rather quick - not unusual for a royal tree of Jurai, had been slowed
up to about 87% that rate.  What was unusual was that there was no reason
for this to happen, and that it had happened instantaneously.

She was about to analyze a sample of soil when someone held her by the
sides of the head and - *crack*.

On the impossible angle Washu's head hung on top of her body, the killer
said, "oh, did I do that?"

***

Switch
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Nikholas F. Toledo Zu @ WWW: The Entertainment Capital of UP Village
Vector, Switch, Yebah, Rain Man, goo, Pervert, Scruples, Hollie, NomaD,
 Blitz, Gee, Datzo, Jewel, elf, Radler, Pinball, Mayhem, Chaos, Father,
 Attar and Llewe @ http://www.geocities.com/Tokyo/Flats/3145/mezza9.html
Fanfiction Page @ http://www.geocities.com/Tokyo/Flats/3145/fanfics.html
Perv's SI Archive @ http://www.geocities.com/Tokyo/Flats/3145/insert.html
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
