Kiyones's report
By Douglas Whiddon (swhiddon.viptx.net) 
  
     To: Sector Chief
   From: Detective 1st class Kiyone makenbi
   date: 794322.8576 (galactic standard)
     Re: Trakal - cause of death


I was under the impression that my report on the recent
Kain situation was complete, however, as requested, I
will now report on details concerning the encounter
with the A-1 class criminal named Kain, and the death
of special investigation unit member Trakal.

Nine hundred years ago the A-1 class criminal Kain
caused the death of approximately twenty-seven billion
sentient life forms. He did so by destroying fourteen
inhabited planets.

In order to capture Kain a combined Galaxy
Police/Jurian fleet was assembled. This fleet consisted
of nearly one-hundred ships. Thirty-seven ships where
destroyed while trying to capture Kain. The emperor of
Jurai at that time, Karama, died due to the strain of
bringing to bear an unheard amount of Jurian energy.

These combined efforts where enough to capture Kain in
subspace. However it was not possible to destroy him.

The Kain incident is required reading at the GP
academy. Included in the file is  a dissertation by Dr.
Nocal Alizair who studied the data and determined that
all forms of energy discharge weaponry would be useless
against Kain.

Myself, my partner Mihoshi, and Four civilians where
transported by Dr. Washuu (formerly of the Galactic
Sciences Academy) back in time twenty-two years (in
accordance with the local calendar, under galactic
standard calendar it would be almost nine years.)

As with my previous report I am not entirely sure why
Kain chose to travel backwards in time. We know that he
wanted to end the direct lineage of the first Jurai
emperor. As the only two living heirs are currently
residing on earth his reasons  for coming here are
obvious. I can only assume that Kain was aware that
Tenchi Misaki was capable of using his Jurian power
(after his encounter with Kagato.) Therefore it would
be safer to eliminate Lord Yosho and his Daughter
before Tenchi’s birth.

Our only direct contact with Trakal was an encounter
with Ryoko. While we attempted to safeguard the life of
lady Achika we noticed an earth boy who exhibited
strange behavior and spent to much time close to lady
Achika. When Ryoko confronted him he revealed himself
to be an operative with the special investigation unit.
According to Ryoko he acted in a belligerent manner and
demanded that we stay clear. To quote, he said “Kain is
mine!” However, anything Ryoko says should be viewed
with skepticism.

Once we had determined where Kain would strike we
prepared to lay a trap. We set up an energy field using
a phsylinc analyzer provided by Washuu. We placed power
devices at specific locations in the Human city of
Tokyo, the main booster was placed on a platform at the
top of a communications tower, where we believed Kain
would attack.

We saw no sign of Trakal until Kain arrived. He began
firing a standard issue heavy blaster at Kain from a
position closer to the top of the tower. Kain, who was
not damaged at all by the weapon, ceased his attack on
lady Achika and lord Tenchi. Kain flew to the higher
point where Trakal was located and tore him to pieces.

We where able to seal Kain in subspace again with the
use of the galactic cannon and the power of Jurai. The
details can be found in my original report.

The weapon used by Trakal was recovered. Except for the
fact that the energy safety block had been defeated the
weapon was standard issue.

Trakal’s reputation as a tracker was without peer,
however his ability to adapt to new situations, apply
data, and his tactical skill had been questioned on
numerous occasions before this.

I do not know what possessed Trakal to attempt to stop
Kain by himself, perhaps he had not read all the
available data, or had gone mad with anger over the
loss of GP headquarters. As Tarakal is no longer with
us we can only guess.

Final Determination.
Cause of Death: Stupidity 