Subject: The TRUE creator!
Date: Fri, 13 Nov 1998 02:58:48 PST
From: "Matthew Harrison" <musko_no_kaji@hotmail.com>
To: gensao@geocities.com

This is sillier than anything I've thought up in the past, but I was
inspired by the realisation that noone knows who created the three
goddesses.

Here goes.

Creation
---------

Life.

The one thing that the universe cannot be without.

And here it was, developing in three jars in Washuu-chan's Lab.

"OOOOH! Kawaii desu!" Exclaimed Mihoshi, as yet again, she was in the
lab, and Washuu had no idea. Mihoshi really had no idea what she was
looking at; she just thought that the three things were rather cute.

"Washuu-chan! Washuu?" Mihoshi kept going on, looking for a way out- or,
at least, Washuu, who would show her the way out. She didn't see that
she knocked a few test tubes over, which trickled into the jars...
Amazing what Mihoshi's luck is: nothing happened. Nothing obvious,
anyway. But it so happened that each tube held a certain genetic
template.

Washuu had been doing some extensive research into the relationships
between the goddesses. She had also got hold of some of Imelda Marcos
DNA, and was ruling out any relationship between them. Basically, she
was trying to find the genes for Power.

"Hello? Anybody here?" Mihoshi continued to wander through the lab,
causing minor havoc everywhere.And she managed to hit a button that
triggered the Time travel gizmo, and triggered a computer into
demonstrating that Fermat's last theorem can be proven with a small bowl
of jelly and a lipstick. The device also sent the three embryos back six
billion years in time...

---Six weeks later---

Washuu came out of the lab, with a very strange look on her face.

"What's up, Washuu-chan?" Tenchi walked up, half exhausted.

"My research has proven something very, very strange about the goddess
Tokimi."

"Oh?"

"Her genetic structure is ninety-nine point nine nine seven percent
identical to Imelda Marcos' DNA, and bears no relation to mise or
Tsunami's."

"You must have made a mistake, Washuu. Don't worry! We all do from time
to time!"