And now the answer to Why there ever was a Haruna in the Tenchiverse:

--------------------------------------------

So it is written, so it will be done. 
The man had punishment for his sins. And yet, he continued sinning.
Did he not understand? It had all been his fault to begin with.
A punishment for all his wrongdoings against the poor females with whom he
lived. And whom he tortured each day with his very existence. 
It was by the will of Universal Justice he had been punished. 
Neverthless, he carried on torturing the women.
The strain was too great on them. 
Great sadness would follow upon his evils. Oh yes.
Had he not understood the last time, he would now.

For it was no coincidence that Haruna had captured him.
It was the need for revenge, for repentance.
she had held him there half a year, inscribing visions into
his mind that would haunt him forevermore. 

(Unfortunately, it would also haunt loyal fans to Tenchi Muyo for a good
while, but no worse than a certain earlier series. 
All in all, it could have went smoother, but alas, shit happens.)

And soon would come the killing blow. 
(Some speak of it as if though it is a blessing. 
Fools, they know not what evils Pioneer be capable of.
They'll get theirs, as well.)

Know this: Tenchi WILL be punished. That is all.
That is the sole purpose of us. The sole purpose
of those who serve Galactic Balance. 
Haruna died for the greater good of it. 
So must we too be ready to die. To serve our Master.
To serve... Justice.

-------------
All comments, flames, etc. to:
_8thlegion_max@mail.bip.net

All Tenchi stuff belong to Pioneer and AIC (I suppose)
and is used unscrupulously by them to make a bundle
while producing a series which further degenerates with
the further spawning of different universes... Err, nevermind.
I'm not making any money out of this. Don't sue me.

Special thanks(for prereading, comments, etc.) to:
The Total Anime Nut, Little Masa-Ohki ("it's...unusual")

Vincent M.'Max Raven' Eskilsson
(Hah, thought you'd never see THAT one again, did you?!)