Subject: [FFML][Spamfic][Tenchi]A Stupid Idea
Date: Wed, 23 Sep 1998 16:45:46 -0400
From: Mark Ferrer <mabli@idirect.com>
To: ffml@fanfic.com

mabli@idirect.com

A Stupid Idea

Disclaimer: None of these characters are mine. I'm just borrowing them
for a couple minutes.

***

     Morning at the Masaki household went about like clockwork. Ryoko
tries to seduce, er, say good morning to Tenchi, Ayeka comes and save
Tenchi from the 'demon', and Mihoshi trying to diffuse the situation.
During the fight, Tenchi snuck down to the dining room to eat breakfast.
Sasami, as usual, had cooked up a breakfast fit for a king.

In other words, same old, same old.

     To break from the monotony, Tenchi decided to watch a little TV.
Thanks to the genius of Washu, the Masaki household could pick up every
program broadcast in the universe. Tenchi channel surfed until he came
to an interesting American game show. An idea flashed in his mind and he
smiled. He would finally be able to end all the fights over him.

***

     The entire household were starting to get worried for the Prince of
Jurai. He had stayed in his room since breakfast and sounds of
construction were coming from his room. Dinner was unusually quiet
because trying to guess what Tenchi was building.

     "I'm done!"

     Everyone looked up to see Tenchi practically flying down the
stairs, lugging a covered object behind him. Tenchi set it down behind
Nobiyuki looked at everyone who was staring at him.

     "You've probably been wondering what I've been building right?" he
asked.

     Everyone nodded in unison.

     "Okay, here it is. You girls think that it's your destiny to be
married to me right?" he said, looking at each girl in turn.

     The girls nodded in unison while the two men stared in confusion.

     Tenchi unveiled the object and everyone gasped.

     It was a wheel with a picture of each of the girls taped to it. At
the top was a pointer, currently pointing to the picture of Mihoshi.

     "Since you think destiny's what's going to choose, then here it
is." Tenchi said, spinning the wheel.

     All eyes went to the wheel. The pictures blurred and slowly
stopped...

     ...right on the dividing line between Mihoshi and Ayeka's picture.

     "Um, let's try this again shall we?" Tenchi said, spinning the
wheel again.

     The wheel blurred and stopped...

     ...between Ryoko and Sasami.

     "Again!"

     ...between Washu and Kiyone

     "Again!"

     ...between Sasami and Kiyone

     "Again!"

     ...between Ryoko and Mihoshi

      "Again!"

      ...between Washu and Ayeka...

***

     Tenchi and the girls are still in the dining room spinning the
wheel. Tenchi is getting tired of spinning the wheel, and the girls are
starting to doze off. Nobiyuki and Yosho had long gone to bed.

     "Come on! This has to work!" said a very tired Tenchi.

     Ryoko watched Tenchi spin the wheel again and again, each time
stopping right on the dividing line. Suddenly, her eyes lit up in
understanding, then furrowed in anger. "Washuuuu! Did you have anything
to do this?"

     "Not this time Ryoko." she replied innocently.

     "Hey Kiyone." Mihoshi said tiredly.

     "What is it?" Kiyone asked.

     "Well," Mihoshi started, "Remember what Tenchi said about this
being destiny? Well, I was wondering... could this be our destiny?"

The End

***

Author's Notes: Yet more proof that I'm slowly going crazy...

Anyway, 'Brand Of Mousse' is getting revised slowly. It's not because of
school or anything, it's just cause I've gotten lazy. That doesn't mean
that I'm not going to continue it though.
