Tenchi's Day of Bravado
By Marty Van Assche

Disclaimer: I don't own any characters from Tenchi Muyo. Pioneer and AIC
do. But I'm using them. Just don't use this without giving me credit.
Otherwise, all's fair. Enjoy!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Day One

        When he woke up one morning, Tenchi Masaki was much different
than he was the previous evening. Call it hormones, Jurian instincts
kicking in, residual effects from Washu's experiments, whatever, he was
different. Let's say confident to the utmost, for starters. Ryoko was
watching him as he slept (as she was wont to do) and brightly bid him
good morning. Instead of his normal routine of brushing her off, he did
something even Ryoko couldn't have predicted. He clutched her in a
passionate clasp and proceeded to give her a swooning kiss.
"Be good today, Ryoko," he said with a suggestive wink. The space pirate
nearly fainted from shock.
        Tenchi released the beautiful demon and continued to the
bathroom. Ryoko was noticeably absent. He conducted his morning lavatory
business, then exited, whereupon he encountered Ayeka. She bid him good
morning, and he responded with a enthusiastically fond embrace and
greeting.  She was quite pleased. To the point of a demure giggle, in
fact.
"No fighting today, OK, Ayeka?" he entreated her. She nodded, and skipped
away happily.

        These points accomplished, Tenchi proceeded downstairs, where he
happened upon Sasami cooking breakfast.
"Good morning, Tenchi!" she chirped happily.
"Good morning yourself, Sasami!" he declared.
        After a wonderfully quiet meal, he went to fetch Washu (on
Sasami's request), finding her deep in thought on a problem involving the
quantum states of a neighboring parallel universe and how to traverse an
object between the two. Tenchi politely interrupted.
"Washu, breakfast is ready. Are you coming?"
"Of course, Tenchi, but first..."
Tenchi laughed at this. Not nervously, mind you, but with genuine
amusement.
"Washu, if you want the sample, you're going to have to get it yourself.
I hate these robot things."
Washu began to blush furiously as Tenchi walked away. Whether it was from
genuine embarrassment or excitement in the challenge, no one could say.
(Though, I'm not going to guess embarrassment)
        So Tenchi moved on to his practice with Yosho. Today he exercised
in a fashion so aggressive that his grandfather found himself having to
really up the intensity of the workout. It pleased him immensely that his
grandson was so serious now.
"Well, Tenchi. I'm impressed. I think you're really starting to learn
well now."
Tenchi acknowledged the compliment and started towards the carrot fields.

After a reasonably successful day (due mostly to the fact Tenchi had
immobilized Ryo-oki before he started pulling) Tenchi was looking forward
to a relaxing soak in the onsen.
        He was relaxing quite well when Ryoko showed up, hoping to
capitalize on his performance that morning. Tenchi looked contented, but
asked for a raincheck.
"Listen, Ryoko, can we do this a bit later, say, tomorrow morning? I'm
just really tired right now. Sorry."
Ryoko was not put off in the slightest.
"All right, Tenchi," she replied in a husky voice, "first thing
tomorrow."
Tenchi nodded, and Ryoko disappeared.
Soon after, Tenchi popped in to eat, then gave Ayeka a quick kiss before
retiring...
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Day Two

        Whatever had surfaced in Tenchi's brain chemistry the day before
had worked his way out of his system. It had influenced his thoughts so
thoroughly that he had little recollection of the day's events. The hours
to follow were to be some of the longest in his life. The day started
with the lusty demon that dropped from the ceiling when he awoke.... it
got even more interesting from there.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The end

Author's Notes: Well, no one else was going to do it, so I figured I had
to. This is what happens when you try listening to Led Zeppelin while
writing your big fics. Yes, Tenchi is written OOC a bit, but that's part
of the fun! (Personally, I think if he started acting like this, there
would be a lot less fighting- but that's just my opinion. I could be
wrong) It's good to shake up the universe every once in a while. C&C,
Flames (hotter the better, just tell me why), MST's (And I'll tell you
now that if no one else does it, I will), hey, if you want it to be the
opener to a lemon (The possibilities are endless!), E-mail me at
<Tenchiken@juno.com>. Thanks for reading!!