Subject: [FFML][Spamburger, Hambuger][What's the world...]
Date: Fri, 14 Aug 1998 19:54:41 EDT
From: HARIJUBAL@aol.com
To: Fanfic@fanfic.com, GenSao@aol.com

Sorry if this comes out twice
What's the world coming to?  A spam rant by Murmur the Fallen

The End
a Tenchi Muyo spamfic by Murmur the Fallen

Tokimi, conqueror of countless universes (or is that Universi?), stood in her
throne room, looking imperiously down from her pedestal at the defeated Washu.
Tenchi was unconcious, having used up all his energy fighting against one of
Tokimi's avatars.
Ryoko was hanging in midair, looking much like a marionette, her face blank,
her limbs limp.
Sasami was inside a cylinder of pure energy, her marks of power flickering on
and off.  Tears rolled down her face as she screamed, her cries unheard
outside of the cylinder.
Ayeka also was trapped inside an energy barrier, this one being created by the
two mind-controlled Gaurdians.
Washu herself was wide awake, and feeling, for the first time in a very, very
long time, not in control of the situation.  That feeling sucked.  Eggs.
Rotten eggs that even a starving bolivian grandmother wouldn't suck.  It was
that sucky.
"Who are you?  What do you want?  Why are you here?" asked the glowing
tentacled spiritual amoeba.  It then went away after making that rather
pointless cameo, leaving the two women bigsweating in its rather large
subspace wake.
"Ahem...he makes a rather good point," Washu said coolly, and with a
confidence she did not feel.  "Who are you?  What do you want?  Why are you
here?  What is the average air speed of an unladen swallow?"
"African or European?" replied Tokimi, a bit baffled by Washu's glibness.
Then, her face clouded with anger.  "This nonsense doesn't matter.  Now then,
Washu, cease this foolishness.  I have searched through dimension after
countless dimensions, looking only for you.  I have conquered multiverses,
omniverses, parallel universes, and pocket dimensions, all for this moment.
All so that I can finally look at you and ask this.  Washu_"
Washu interupted her, pointed a finger at her, and said, "Now, while I am the
greatest scientific genius in all of existence, it doesn't take a Mihoshi
(where is that bubble-head, anyway?) to see that this goes way beyond asking
me about sub-quark physics.  So, again I ask, who are you?"
"You, you mean that you don't remember?" Tokimi asked, again quite confused.
She then looked quite closely at Washu.  "Wait...I see that you truly do not.
How very inconvenient.  I wondered how I captured you so easily.  I was
getting a bit paranoid for a moment.  But no, I see that you have locked away
your powers.  But, where are they, I wonder."
Tokimi looked around, seeing with a sight only one who is as close to God as
you want to get can see with.  Her expression turned from fierce concetration
to one of delight.  "Found it!  Oh, how clever.  Giving your powers to those
little orb thingys.  Come, my little puppet!" Tokimi snapped her fingers, and
Ryoko floated towards them, her body still lifeless.  "This should be just
enough." Tokimi said.  Energy sparked from the jewels embedded within Ryoko
and flew into Washu.  For a brief instance, something flowed through that
stream of energy.  Memory.
"T-Tokimi-Oneechan," Washu whispered, looking at the Goddess with new eyes,
old eyes.
"Ah, good.  Now you remember,"Tokimi looked at Washu with insufferable
smugness radiating from her.
"Wha-what's going on?" Tenchi asked, as he slowly got up from the floor.  Boy,
he never knew that the universe could spin so rapidly.  Or maybe that was just
his brain.
"Tenchi-dono, you're a guest at a little family reunion, that's all," Washu
said, as she grabbed his arm, not for his sake, so much as her own.  "Don't
worry, Washu-chan has it all under control."
"Oh, good.  Now, could you stop the universe from spinning?" Tenchi asked,
still feeling groggy.
"Not anymore." Washu looked at Tokimi, still holding onto Tenchi, and said
quite grimly, "Well?  You haven't answered the second question, Oneechan.
What do you want?"
Tokimi stared at her for a moment, stared long and hard, trying to peer into
the newly re-made goddess' soul.  "You..you don't know?  After I gave you back
your soul, you don't remember?"
"No, I don't."
"Fine then.  I'll ask straight out," Tokimi paused, for drama's sake.
"That's always for the best," Washu, said, while thinking 'But I won't say for
who.'
"Where is my yellow sun dress!" Tokimi pointed her finger at Washu, angrily.
The face-fault heard around the omniverse.

To be prequeled? Continued?  Whatever.

-Murmur the Fallen
who says that what the Bare Naked Ladies say is true, Sailor Moon and its ilk
are the leading cause of Lolita Complexes.  Well...maybe not.
