From: "Trakal" <trakal@map.com>
To: gensao@hotmail.com
Date: Sat, 20 Jun 1998 02:08:55 +0000
Subject: Non-Spam Spamfic "Regarding Kiyone's Report: What Really Happened"

To Whom it may concern,

I am very much alive, reports to the contrary notwithstanding, and have had a pleasant
several years living on Earth with my new family. Although I sustained massive abdominal
injuries, no major vital organs were damaged and those minor vital organs that were
damaged were immediately locked in stasis while the prototype tissue cloning device I took
with me repaired the damage to my body.

I repaired my disguise and returned to school where I completed my classes, graduating
with honors along with my classmates Achika, Nobuyuki, and Tanaka.

During the school year, Tanaka and I fell in love. I knew it would be wrong for me to
pursue her without her knowing who I was, so I broke the Prime Directive and
revealed my true identity to her, pleading that she not tell anyone else.

She was startled at first, and I thought she would leave me given my appearance. However,
after her initial shock had worn off, she told me that she had no intention ofleaving
me and that she did in fact still love me.  It was then, that I resolved to marry her.

The marriage to Tanaka has been difficult at times. Her parents refuse to accept me as her
husband and we've had to make due entirely on our own.  Fortunately, or unfortunately,
there is a great deal of crime in Tokyo and so my skills as a GP Operative have proved
invaluable in providing me with a means to support myself, my wife, and our adopted son,
whom I have named after our Commander, who adopted me when my family was killed by Kagato,
and whom I miss terribly.

Adopting the child wasn't easy, given that I'm not of Earth, but by that time my
reputation as a private detective was well known and my honor and integrity were without
question, so the adoption was allowed.


I apologize for not writing sooner, but I have, as you've just read, been extremely busy.


Sincerely...

Lt. Trakal

Reason For Disappearance: Heard Kiyone was being promoted. Did *NOT* want to get
stuck as Mihoshi's new partner!

Lt. Trakal
Operative of the Galaxy Police SIU