Subject: [FFML][Spamfic][Tenchi]Mother's Advice
Date: Mon, 28 Sep 1998 07:53:01 -0400
From: Mark Ferrer <mabli@idirect.com>
To: ffml@fanfic.com

mabli@idirect.com

Mother's Advice

Disclaimer: None of these characters are mine. I'm just using them for a
couple minutes.

Note: Can anyone give me a better title? My title making skills aren't
very good.

* * *

     Tenchi left the house right after breakfast, trying to avoid being
at the start of another fight between the princess and the demon. He
wandered aimlessly around the mountain side, but noticed that his walk
was bringing him to the more interesting parts of the Masaki shrine. He
passed by Ryoko's cave, Funaho and soon enough, found himself where he
always came when his life was coming close to overwhelming him.

     "Hello mother." he said, kneeling down in front of his mother's
gravestone. "It's been a while since we've talked like this."

     "I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing." he smiled
slightly. "I guess the girls are trying to restrain themselves a bit."

     He sighed and said, "I know it would be so much easier to choose
one but I don't want things to change. It sounds selfish but I don't
want to see anyone leave, sad or angry. Plus... I need to find out the
truth..."

     "Things would have been so different if you were around here
mother." Tenchi said wistfully. "For one thing, dad probably wouldn't be
such a pervert. That time we went back in time, he didn't seem like one
though..."

     "You know, I think you would have liked her. She's a lot like you.
She has an aura of beauty that no one could ignore. And her eyes, in
them you could see gentleness. She hides a quiet strength that I could
almost feel when I look at her." his eyes glossed as he thought of the
blue-haired beauty.

     "I wonder what the other girls say if they knew I chose her." he
mused. "I'll probably have to  go here more often."

     Tenchi looked at the mountain side, the leaves were changing color
and a cool wind blew, foretelling the weather of the coming months. His
eyes briefly locked on the other gravestones nearby.

     "Mother, can you show me?" his eyes still on the other gravestones.
"Show me the truth? Is in just coincedence?" He looked back at his
mother's site and closed his eyes. "Mother, I don't want her to die. Not
like what happened to you or grandmother. Is there a curse in the Masaki
household that the woman dies?"

     He waited for a sign but nothing happened.

     He smirked when he noticed that he was expecting something
extravagant. His adventures had had more of a profound impact on him.
His horizons have been widened to the point where a normal life seems
like a dream.

     His eyes closed, thinking the sign might come as a vision.

     Nothing.

     When he opened his eyes, the sun was setting below the mountains.

     "I've been here that long?" he wondered out loud. "I guess I better
get going, they're probably lo-"

     His words stopped when he felt a presence behind him. It was her,
the one he loved.

     He bowed respectfully to the graves and turned to face her. "Have I
been gone that long?" he asked.

     She looked flustered and said, "I-I didn't mean to intrude."

     "It's okay, I was just about to leave anyway." he said, walking
towards her.

     The couple walked towards the house, the fall wind chilling them
both. Tenchi took off his jacket and put it around her shoulders. In
return, she placed her hand in his. She couldn't help but notice that
her hands seemed so small compared to his.

     Tenchi held her hand gently and they walked to the house, taking
the scenic route. The cold wind blew but neither one noticed it anymore.

The Beginning?

* * *

Author's notes: Who's the blue-haired girl who Tenchi likes? You decide.
