Disclaimer: Tenchi is property of AIC
and Pioneer, who will one day take over
the universe with an evil empire run
by lots of white-clad plastic soldiers.
This fic and the chacter of Kazekera (who
makes a cameo apperance) are propety
of Jim 'Diabolo' Moore of the Jetset (the
other members of whom are Kage Maru 3:16
and Jinchi)

This is rather a strange little fic- me and Kage thought
of it when out on a walk together, and I thought it was 
a great idea. He couldn't be arsed to write it though, 
so I did the honours- I hope you enjoy it!
-Jim

--------------------------------STONAMI!-----------------------------


----PROLOGUE----

A delienquent child from the younger years of the Okayama school for 
Lower Learning skulked around the feilds, a packet of matches in his 
hand in the early hours of the day. He sideled over to the feild that 
the old man who ran the shrine tended occasionally. Being a wayward 
young person, he deiced to set fire to the crops- the old preist had 
never liked him after all. Not after he had kicked that little 
brown rabbity thing...and that evil harsh eyed girl had shouted 
at him and threatened to blow him up.
The first yellow flames licked and lapped at the green, triangular 
leaves which he did not recognise, and eventually the smoke began to 
take to the winds. The flames rose higher, and they danced in the 
boy's eyes. Roused from his meditation, the old shinto preist 
looked out at the breaking light of dawn...and the orange glow 
which now hung over his secret, shameful charge. Yosho ran out of 
the shrine, grabbing a trusty carpet beater, and set after the young 
miscreient.
"You don't know what you've unleashed on this world!"
He cried as he leapt agiley down the shrine stairs. 
"You've set free a...A MONSTER!" NOOOOOOOOOoooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooo!" 
The boy, mesmerised by the flames, could not move untl he noticed 
the wild grey haired man racing at him, a look like a man with a 
rabid weasel in his underwear acrorss his lined face.
Yosho, though he was a preist who believed in a non-violent and 
intellecutal appraoch in his old age, far from the wily youth he 
had once been, set about the boy viciously round the head with 
his carpet beater, yelling obsceneities at the top of his voice 
and frightening several old women. Meanwhile, the last whisps of 
smoke carried on the air away from the sodden patch of ground near 
the carrot feild...

---- PART 1 ----

Later in the day, when breakfast was over, all was calm in 
Okayama. Even Ryoko and Ayeka were making a serious attempt 
to keep their relentless, recklessly explosive nuclear 
battles quiet so as not to disturb the birds.
Tenchi was outside, as always training with the sword. 
Yosho was doing the shrine accounts so he was out on his own.
He ducked, dived, swung and thrust, moved, dove, leapt and rolled.
He stood battle ready. Then run-ready. Then ran which fighting.
He closed his eyes and picked out every little detail of sound, 
smell and feeling around him. 
He tasted the air.
Then, without opening his eyes, swished his kata
through the air and cleaved a summer blossom in two.
Then he looked, watching it fall.
Tenchi looked down at the sword in his hands.
"Wow..." he said to himself in hushed tones "What am I doing? 
I've been training to hurt things my entire life...that's so..." 
he probed his mind for a suitable word to describe the sheer 
horror of this realisation 
"...weak." he finished, and nodded, confindant that he had 
achieved what he had set out to do.
He put the kata down gnetly, turned on his heel and headed 
back to the house.
"I think I'll write some bad poems..." he thought out loud as 
he walked.

---- PART 2 ----

Washu came into the living room to find Mihoshi, Ayeka and Sesami 
watching cartoons. 
"What the hell are you lot doing just messing around? There's 
so much to do..."
"Oh, calm down Washu." said Ayeka mildly 
"Take a little time off Miss Lady Washu- smell the roses." 
Mihoshi chimed in sweetly.
"Why don't you watch cartoons with us?" 
"I can't have time off- I'm working on a machine which can turn 
your body cells inside out and fry your brains. And I smell 
no roses, just the stench of laziness and sloth!"
Washu took a deep sniff of the warm summer air. The look of 
disgust on her face changed slightly.
"But hey...I suppose the virus can wait. These cartoons are 
pretty cool- thanks Mihoshi."
"No problem, Miss Lady Washu."
"You don't have to call me that, lil Mihoshi- 'Lady' is so 
institutionalised and kinda...capitalist. Just call me 
Sister Washu."
"Alright sister Washu."
They watched the cartoons for a while.
After about half an hour, Ayeka said thouhtfully
"Say... the T.V. is looking kinda institutionalised and capitalist 
to me right now."
"Hey, you're right...having things is so...y'know...possesive. 
Its like the T.V. is a POSSESION or something."
"Yeah."
"Man that's deep. Who'd think owining THINGS would be possesive?"

----PART 3----

Kiyone removed the sellotape on her eyes.
It had been hard to memorise the entire Galaxy Police rule 
book to pick out more of Mihoshi's mitakes (purely to make her 
a better officer of course) but with the help of her coffee machine 
she had done it! 
She left the Yagami, staggering and wishing she emptied the portable 
toilet on it.  Or rather, wishing she had emptied her bladder 
before drinking the entire season's worth of espresso.
She coughed and chocked as some ash in the air caught in 
her throat.
She was going to curse...but suddenly she felt a lot better. 
A lot more...relaxed.
Not so hyper. 
Not so worried about where she relieved herself.
And the bushes suddenly looked a lot more inviting.

----PART 4----

Ryoko had been busy all this time. 
She was busy bitching.
Not a lot of people know it, but to be bitchy at everyone every 
second is very hard work. And Ryoko was working hard- it was her 
time, and everyone had to know it. She had now been bitching for 
a solid half hour at Nobuyuki who wasn't listening but instead 
editing his video tapes together, and was therfore quite tired. 
She had already had a stern bitch at Ayeka, her mother, Mihoshi
and all the people on T.V. and she was rapidly running out of 
things to complainabout.
"AND ANOTHER THING about Tenchi is..."
"Yeah, yeah, I know." Nobuyuki had initiated his careless sympathy 
sub-routine he had learned through at least a year of living 
with hormonally imbalanced women.
"You're not even listening to me are you, you filthy perverted 
old hentai earth peodophile scum-sucking 15 millionth Jurian 
incestural f**k?"
"Yes, I know just how you feel." Nobuyuki's eye was captivated 
by a glimpse of someone's cleavage.
"Fine then, I'll find someone else to share my problems with, 
you worthless knicker stealing mostachioed trumped up whore-mongrel 
prostitute grabbing breast-obsessed porn merchant!"
"Mmmm. It's hard when that happens."
"HUH!" Ryoko phased through the wall...then came back again, 
made herself solid, and slammed the door for good effect.
Nobuyuki's eyes did not waver as he contemplated the excellent 
shots he'd managed to get of Washu in a bikini.

----PART 5----

Tenchi wasn't shocked to find the T.V. unplugged, or if he was he 
didn't show it.
"Hi guys."
"Yo, Tenchi." said Sesami "Look what Washu can do!"
Washu was painting Sesami's face with a pallette resting on 
her holotop. She shrugged modestly. "I learned it when I was with 
my little boy."
She said. A leapt up from her shoulder
"You rock, Washu!"
B sprung out opposite his twin.
"You're the babe, Washu!"
"Cool it guys." Washu said, and the two puppets disappeared as 
quickly as they had come.
Kiyone, with a zipping sound which sounded disturbingly like a 
Galaxy police-personsfly (all the household knew what this 
souned like, since Mihoshi and Kazekera had been in the same 
house for quite a time together ALERT ALERT OWN CHARCTER 
INSERTION SHUTTING DOWN) wandered into the room.
"Hello everyone. How are you feeling?"
"We're cool." said Ayeka, sounding it. She was sewing something 
green and leafshaped onto a hankercheif. 
"Great." Kiyone smiled warmly, and particularly warmly at Mihoshi, 
who smiled back.
"Hi Kiyo!" she said "You're looking the beach baby today. Wanna go 
catch some waves and rays?"
"Yeah...maybe later. For now I'll just relax."
All was calm- even calmer than it had been before. In fact, 
it was so calm it was almost forceful. Like negative stress- it 
was like someone had taken all the smells from an aromatherapy 
kit and made them into a feeling.
Yes, it was that calm.
Ryoko chose this moment to come in.
"Right you bunch of simeien molesting emotionally retarded freaks! 
I am sick to death of being ignored! Get me so chocolate or 
I swear to God I'll tie all your pubes together when you're 
sleeping and hang you to the ceiling by them!"
Tenchi took the band out of his hair and let his little ponytail down.
"Hey Ryoko...stop being so tense all the time. I mean...just 
relax. It's not as if work and stuff is everything."
"What? Tenchi? Being chilled?" Ryoko couldn't take this in "
You LIVE for work Tenchi, I've only ever seen you relax when 
you're completely pissed..." 
"Hey, dude..." Tenchi frowned "Don't use those baaaad words, 
honey bee. Just try to be groovy to people."
"Yeah...what can we do to help Ryoko get in touch with 
her Karma?" said Kiyone, gently taking a daisy from Mihoshi 
and weaving it into her long teal hair.
"I know."  Nobuyuki said, nodding, and reached behind the sofa.
He brought out a banjo-guitar with only three strings.
"Hey, I left this here back in the 60s- I never thought I'd 
be able to sing this again..."
And he started, in a melodious and spaced out way, to sing this song
	"D00ds, we only have so much time on Mother earth
	No time for war, just love and peace and natural birth
	So write poems and stuff and stay groovy and chilled
	And if that don't work smoke and take some pills...
	C'mon, everyone, join in the chours!"
And everyone, except Ryoko, started singing along. Even Ryo-Ohki 
'myad' happily.
	"We only have so much time on Mother Earth
	And Mother Earth is so funky..."
That was all the space pirate could take. She clamped her hands 
over her ears and flew screaming from the house up to the shrine, 
her clothes flapping in the wind.
"Yosho! You senile old pervert! I need your help!"
At the sound of Ryoko's voice, Yosho quickly got his busy fingers 
ready to grope her but refrained when he saw that she was geniunly 
distrought- usually only a well aimed nuclear explosion or Ayeka 
could cause her hair to be in such a mess. 
"What is it, Ryoko?" 
Yosho said, resolving to grab her bust later. Ryoko panted 
and stared wildly. 
"Listen, I don't know what it is, but for some unaccounatable 
reason everyone has become calm and hippyish and basically nice 
to each other! And it's up to me to stop it! Domestic bliss 
doesn't make good television!"
Yosho looked serious.
"Ryoko...I have a confession. It's my fault..."
"Why? How?"
"A young child burned down my feild this morning...the smoke 
from it has spread everywhere...Ryoko, that feild..."
"Yes?"
"Was..."
"Yes?"
"Was..."
"YES?!"
"That feild was a marajuana feild."
Ryoko only took a second to think this over.
"YOU DUMB OLD FART! WHY THE HELL YOU WERE GROWING WEED IN YOUR FEILD!" 
Yosho shrugged
"I'm a preist- I have to have some releases you know."
"Apart from grabbing my tits anytime I drop my guard."
"Well, that's more of a hobby."
"Shut up. Quick, we need to save them from themselves! I think 
I can here them singing Kum By Ya..."
"Oh, I'll get the tambourine..."
Ryoko turned around, and Yosho caught the look in her eyes.
"Just joking..." he quavered "I mean, can't you take a 
joke...hahaha..."
"Just keep quite, Yosho."

----PART 6----

Ryoko and Yosho entered the front room to find Kiyone and 
Mihoshi dancing in gypsy clothes in front of the unplugged T.V.
"Hey, guys..." Ayeka said, upon seeing the two arrive. "You're 
just in time...we were just about to have a 'like in'..."
"It's like a love-in." Mihoshi explained "But without all 
that IKKY stuff..."
Nobuyuki's happiness seemed to dull infinitessimally for a moment
"Y'know, I preffered the 60s...they were chilled but with 
out all this safety business..."
"SHUT UP ALL OF YOU!" Ryoko's face screwed up in disgust 
at all this sociabilty.
"COME WITH ME! We're going to find out what's happened to you!"
"Hey, that's cool!" said Washu, finishing Sesami's flower 
face paint (complete with the Peace insignia and the legend 
'I want to Grow Up, not Blow Up') 
"We can, like, like-in out!"
"Mom, I'm not sure I understood that but I am DAMN SURE 
it made no sense."
"Like, you're such a square honey. D00d, my daughters a square- 
I feel like Joeanna Lumley" (don't worry Americans- that was funny)
Ryoko's lip curled
"I think this alone stands as an argument against single 
parenting." she muttered darkly.
Then, after thinking a second
"In fact, it stands as an argument for matricide."
"Come on, everyone- we must ask Tsunami what to do!"
"Hey, that's groovy!" Sesami said "It's like, I'll get to 
see my future self in the now! It'll be just like some crazy trip!"
"Yo, Sesami you lil sis type-chick." said Ayeka "How'd you 
know what a trip is like?"
"I was talkin' bout a CAR trip, big sis. Y'know the way you see 
yourself in the rear view mirror and stuff?"
"Oh, yeah, I'm on your wavelength now."
Everyone very slowly, and with a lot of outdated and patently 
ridiculous hippy dialogue, got up and followed Ryoko and Yosho 
out into the carrot feilds.
Nobuyuki INSISTED on bringing along his guitar so that Mihoshi 
and Kiyone could jive along rather than walking because 'that's so 
square'. Tenchi insisted that all the girls (apart from Sesami) 
left their bras behind to 'let is all hang out'.
At any other time Ryoko might have welcomed a new sexually 
liberated and relaxed Tenchi, but today she just happened to 
have hit the bad end of the hormone cycle and, in any case,
she hated hippies like a sexy Japanese female version of 
Eric Cartman.
"Hey, Ryoko, why aren't you, like, jiving with us?" asked Sesami
"Cos it's all a bunch of tree hugging otaku-crap!" (what did I tell you?)
"Tenchi, Ryokos bein' a drag- I thought she was into free love!" 
Ayeka sounded put-off
"AYEKA!" Ryoko was now losing it seriously "DO I HAVE TO EXPLAIN 
THAT THING WE GO THROUGH AGAIN? YOU KNOW...THE WHOLE 'RIGHT TIME 
OF THE MONTH THING'?"
"D00d, she's gettin' all mesturative on me!"
"Ryoko, the whole body system is a wonderful product of 
Mother Earth- stop using it as an excuse to be square."
"This is getting a bit too serious." said Yosho "Ryoko, you go 
on to Funaho alone- it's obvious this is all a bit stressful 
for you."
"Why do *I* have to go on? Cos you're a man?"
"No, because you're teetering on the edge of insanity and 
I'm still talking the most sense...it's because I am used to 
the fumes...I have power over them."
"Okay." Ryoko tried to calm herself, and turned to float off 
to Tsunami's tree.
"Oh, and Ryoko..."
Ryoko turned to see the white bearded old man look at her.
"Be careful...the stash wants to be found!"
Ryoko nodded, and hurried off into the forest.
(Danger...L.O.T.R. rip-off...sinking very low...cheapness 
level rising...)

----PART 7----

Ryoko arrived at the great tree, the most tangible incarnation 
of Tsunami apart from the ship tree now growing within the lake, 
and vented her spleen  breathlessly.
"What...the...hell...is...going on you...damn, messed up...
heart-breaking...love goddess...whore bitch...slut!" she panted 
"I tell you...I hear one more love song...and I'll kick your
omniprecisent ass...you ho!"
There was no answer.
"Tsunami! You...f**king...trick beeyatch mongrel...I..."
"Ryoko." An imesaurable peaceful and beautiful voice came from 
behind her.
"That's not my tree. It's an elm"
"Oh." Ryoko turned, taken aback "Er...should I do the shouting 
thing again?"
"No thankyou. I heard it all first time round. Round and around. 
Hehehe."
Ryoko pasued.
Had she heard right?
The Goddess Of Love, Tsunami, had just giggled.
"Did you just giggle?" Ryoko said just to make sure.
"Nope. Hehehee. Heheheeehe...*snort*"
"Why are you laughing?"
"There...hehehe...no reason it's just...hehehe...oh dear, 
these monkeys are funny."
"WHAT?"
"Hehehehe...ohhhhh monkeys."
"Oh God." Ryoko banged her head on the tree trunk. 
"Okay, Tsunami- I'm coming in."
"Fine...you can see the monkeys too..."
Ryoko felt herself become dizzy, as she faded into the erthereal 
world occupied by the Goddess.
She was sitting, glowing beautiuflly as she always did, watching 
her hands.
"Not you too?" she asked helplessly.
"Yes...and no." Tsunami said, bobbing her head strangly. 
"It's only me...I'm afraid...hehehe...I'm afraid Yosho's smoke 
got into my branches...I've been feeling strange since...
all my...ehehehehe...wow...everything I say is spreading around...
wow- this is some good s**t...like...the colours man..."
"Oh good." said Ryoko, reaching for her belt.
There were things Ryoko always carried, as a prepared space 
pirate. Vitamins, rations, an extra weapon in case her powers 
failed, a penknife, a med kit...and a large roll of Elephant tape. 
The bare essentials.
"This comes in handy everywhere." she said briskly, tearing off 
a bit with her teeth. Tsunami was in mid-titter when Ryoko stretched 
the tape over her mouth, leaving her
to utter muffled phrases like:
"D00b! Fat iff juff not ffair!"
"Well, that's my work done." said Ryoko proudly, returning 
giggily to the
real world, confidant that she had saved the wday.
Then suddenly, there was an ear-splitting scream.
"EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!!!! WHERE'S MY 
BRA???!!!!!!"
Then there were more screams and shouts, the click of a camera, 
and the sound of someone being slapped very hard around the face 
accompanied by the smashing of a very old guitar.
"Yeah." said Ryoko happily "That's back to normal." 

----EPILOGUE----

The next morning Ryoko felt much better. 
She came downstairs drowsy and happy...but when she came into the 
front room, her eyes met a terrible sight. All her freinds had 
harshly short cropped hair and were wearing black, and Tenchi 
was grunting incomprhensibly.
"OH NO!" Ryoko was horrified "Is this because I shut Tsunami's 
mouth all the calming and love-filled thoughts
which permeate the cosmos have been silenced! SILENCED FOREVER?! 
Turning my freinds into viscious skinheads!!!???!"
"No..." said the shine-topped Sesami "But you really ought to 
see Washu's new combined super-razor, washing and de-evolution 
machine."
Ryoko shrugged.
"Whatever." she said "It's all cool. Chilled even."
Then she clapped her hand over her mouth.
Inexplicably, there was a monkey running up the wall.

----THE END----

Oh, and Tsunami got the tape off and lived happily ever after!

----THE REAL END----

I hope you enjoyed that- I think it's one of the funniest fics 
I've written in a long time. And it's certainly the logest fic 
I've written in a fun time. It's the only funny fic I've written 
in a while. It might even be all three.
But anyways, that's all there is so fare thee well for now, 
oh great readers!
Yrs.
Jim 'Diabolo' Moore

Any C&C to
jetset@ntlworld.com
or
comageddon@ntlworld.com