Kristine (RYOKOGirl1226@aol.com)
Misc
"Sweet Child of Mine" - Ryoko's song for Tenchi
A song about Ryoko's growing, unconditional love for Tenchi
------------------------------------------------------------

Disclaimer: All "Tenchi Muyo!" related information and characters 
belong 
to Masaki Kajishima,
AIC, and Pioneer.  They are not mine!  So...don't sue me!
------------------------------------------------------------

Author's Note:   What this is a song/poem (call it what you want) 
about Ryoko's love for Tenchi.  As you read it, think of it this way:   
Think of it as a timeline.  Yes, a timeline.  This song basically 
surrounds the issue of Ryoko being in the cave, watching over Tenchi 
as he grew up, and how she fell in love with him.  It starts out with 
Tenchi being a young child.  Then goes to the part when he goes 
through the loss of his mother, and other tragedies Tenchi has 
experienced before.  Then, it simply ends with the unpredictable 
future of Tenchi and Ryoko.  This song - especially the ending - is 
influenced by that wedding picture of Tenchi and Ryoko.  I know they 
never did marry yet, however, you never know...maybe someday they 
will!

Anyhow...the conclude this note...please keep in mind:  I do not sing 
(as a matter of fact, I'm a horrible singer).  I am not a songwriter.  
I have NO musical talent whatsoever.  None.  Zero. Zip. Zilch.  Nada.  
A writer is what I am.

ENJOY!!!!

------------------------------------------------------------

Sweet Child of Mine
(Ryoko's song for Tenchi)

Rain or snow
When the moon would glow
Sunshine light
Day or night
There you'll be
My sweet baby
Here I stand
Watching Mommy hold your hand
The sparkle in your eye
Always makes me want to cry

Everyday when I see your face
My heart will begin to race
My love for you I want to show
And I want you to know...

I'll be your shelter from the rain
I will take away your pain
I'll hold you close when you start to cry
And wipe the teardrop from your eye
You were born within my heart
That's why I loved you from the start
I'll stay by your side all the time
So don't be afraid, sweet child of mine
 
Whisper my name to the wind
Whenever you need a friend
When your little heart is broken
When hurtful words are spoken
There I'll be
My sweet Tenchi
Here you would stand
Waiting for me to hold your hand
Don't you feel so sad and blue
Because this small world belongs to me and you

Everyday I watch you grow up so strong
I've been locked in here way too long
Yet I never complain, because it's worth every hour
Watching you grow like a blooming flower
 
I never thought it would come to this
Your presence brings me so much bliss
How I wish I could hold you near
And protect you from all your fear
You were born within my heart
That's why I loved you from the start
I want to be close to you all the time
Please say you feel the same way, sweet child of mine

Everyday when I saw your face
My heart would begin to race
My love for you I now can show
And now I know that you know...
 
I'll be your shelter from the rain
I will take away your pain
I'll hold you close when you start to cry
And wipe the teardrop from your eye
You were born within my heart
That's why I loved you from the start
We can be together now all the time
Love is ours to share, sweet child of mine
 
I was your guardian angel for life
Now I am here to be your wife
And even 'til this very day
You still can hear me say
You were born within my heart
That's why we're together 'til death do us part
I'll bring happiness into your life all the time
The future is ours, sweet child of mine 


I'll always be here for you, sweet child of mine

I'll love you forever, sweet child of mine

Together forever, sweet child of mine

-----------------------------------------------------------