Disclaimer: bart is property of squaresoft, rei chiba and momo belong 
to capcom all other characters are property of their respected owners  
please don't sue us we are broke and only have candy. Want a lollipop?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------
Msters:
Mike weaver (the nutty one)
Hitari  (defiler of cabbits) what!!!!!!?
Sanosuke sagara (the body builder)
Momo (the rabbit lady)
Rei Chiba (childish one)
Shayla (the pure one..not!) Hey!
Urd (the sexy one)
Bart fatima ( the stubborn one)
 These are the journeys of the.. Peanut gallery   
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------

The scene opens on the bridge of the Ice Drake, Mike and Hitari are 
playing poker, Hitari is losing badly she has lost all her money and a 
week's supply of candy. Mike stares her in the eye. And lays down his 
cards
 Mike: three kings readem and weep sista
Hitari: lays down cards: three aces neya!
Mike: okay you get candy back
Hitari: okay I'm done I just wanted my candy

Urd walks onto the bridge and sees the two leaders playing poker
Urd: I play winner, this is strip poker right?

Mike & Hitari: (sweatdrop) um no it's just poker
Urd: pouts: never mind then
Hitari: how about rummy?
Urd: sure

The three begin to play with surprisingly mike is losing when they hear

Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!!!!!!!!!!!!

Rei comes tearing around the corner at high speeds causing a sonic 
boom, with an angry momo chasing after him

Urd, Mike & Hitari: what the hell?! 

Momo: (runs by) that pervert walked in on shayla in the shower!!!!!

Rei: (runs past) it was an accident!!! I swear (is blasted by momo's 
bazooka)
Rei: @.@ (falls over) oro!!!

Stark appears standing in front of them

Stark: Mike, Hitari I have intercepted another piece of earth 
literature that I think you should review

All:: groan!

Suddenly the alarm klaxon blares
 Hitari: we have fanfic sign
Mike, hitari, sano, Bart, shayla, and a burnt rei run into the theater, 
and momo takes her place in the control booth.
The seating as such
Hitari, Sano, Shayla, Bart, rei, urd, mike at the end

Sano:  what fic is this
Hitari: tenchi clan the quickies by the ten o' clock assassin 
Mike: aw damn not this guy!

WARNING: This fanfic contains SEX! Viewer's discretion is strongly 
advised. 
All the characters portrayed in this fanfic are 18 years or older.

Urd: cheers: I love sex!
Mike: um urd ~ Sama this is with tenchi
Urd: gags 

Hitari turns to sano
Hitari: am I old enough to see this
Sano: yes now deal with it! 
 
The characters of Tenchi Muyo belong to AIC and Pioneer. 
 
* * * * * * * * * * * * 
 
10-CHI CLAN 
"The Quickies" 
 
* * * * * * * * * * * * 
 
It's morning. The sun beats down upon the Masaki household as the  
alarm goes off in Tenchi's room. He opens his eyes and tries to focus  
them. Then he rolls over to find that he's not alone; Ryoko's right  
next to him, waking and totally naked. 

 Mike leans forward to get a better view and is smacked by urd
Mike: oww! (rubs head)
Urd: (glares) pervert
Mike: but urd~sama you never say that when I see you..(Urd covers his 
mouth) mmmpph! 
Hitari: chucks a lollipop at mike: baka!
 
Ryoko: Good morning, Tenchi. 
[SHWING!!]

All:  o.0?!
 
Tenchi: Oh no, Ryoko! Not in the middle of the morning! 
Ryoko: Yes, Tenchi. I want it... right... now...

Sano: I want that back rub now damnit!  
 
Tenchi curses himself as he grabs Ryoko and slams his mighty Johnson  
into her. Never mind that, as soon as he's in, she's already lost deep 
in  
hyperspace.Meanwhile,he just wants to get her off and be done with 
it...

Bart: run.. on..sentence.. Making..head..spin help!

 
[SPLURRRT!!]

Shayla: oh no tenchi's sprung a leak!


 
Tenchi grabs some clean clothes

Urd: which will soon be dirty 

 and leaves his room. Ryoko's on the  
bed feeling as stoned as Mt. Everest without the snow. 
 
-=**=- 
Hitari: what is that?
Sano: it's a hat
Shayla: it's an on coming truck to take us away from the pain
Mike: it's urd's .smack!!
Mike: keels over: I like birdies!

 
He goes into the nearest bathroom, but the door's locked. Suddenly the  
door gets opened from the inside. It's Aeka, the princess of Jurai, 
wearing  
only her bathrobe.

Urd: which was borrowed from tenchi
Mike: (to rei) did you steal her clothes again
Rei: (innocently) no
Momo: (in control booth) you better not have or you know what will 
happen 
 
Aeka: Oh, my apologies. The other washroom is still in repairs (from me  
and Ryoko fighting over you). Your father said it was okay to... 
[SHWING!!]

Urd: viagra at it's finest
Rei: you invented that didn't you
Urd: it's my greatest achievement
Rei: damn straight 
mike: why you say that rei? Do you use it?
Rei: fuck no!!!
Momo: (in booth) rei don't need that stuff one look at me.and 
[shwing!!!]
All: shudder
 
Too late! Tenchi pushes her back into the bathroom and flings off her  
towel. 

Sano: and the next and the next

He takes her by the thighs and slurps his tongue at her soft  
petals. This is not exactly what Aeka wanted... Change that! This is  
what Aeka wanted all morning! Tenchi stuck his mighty Johnson into the  
princess's most sacred love canal. Her majesty was already gone.

Shayla: the horror was to much for her (british accent)  eh she died

 Her  
"Queen's English" has been reduced to Latin, to Greek, and finally to  
just prehistoric grunts.

Shayla: (as aeka) aeka hungry want meat pulls out cleaver
Sano: (as tenchi) nooooooooo!!!!!!
Mike: yes do it end this horrid fic pplllease!!!!!!!!!
Hitari: You want meat Shayla? Here, have some ham from my sandwich. 
::holds out the sandwich::  
Shayla: sweat drop: That's not what I meant...                      
Rest: look at hitari strangely
Hitari: what?
 
[SPLURRRT!!] 
Sigh... Tenchi took his shower. Then he puts on his day clothes,  
being careful not to awaken her royal highness from her royal high, and  
leaves the bathroom. 
 
-=**=- 
 
Tenchi then goes downstairs, and then realizes not to make as much  
noise. Just then, a pair of mechanical "grab-bots" appear from out of  
nowhere and captured him. He gets dragged into Washuu's lab producing 
heavy  
protest.

Rei: (tenchi) watch where you grab!
Mike: as if tenchi had anything to grab :is hit by a energy blast
Ryoko: don't you say bad things about my tenchi
Mike: damaramu shall forever regret this:: keels over:
Urd: mike never learns
Hitari: ouch
 
Shackled to a table within a darkened room, Tenchi soon catches a view  
of his kidnapper: "The Great Genius Mad Scientist In The Universe" 
Washuu 

Mike: it's spelled with one u damnit
Sano: I thought it was fifteen
Mike: don't bring up that story
 
sporting the "Ritsuko Akagi" style of clothing.

Bart: (shudders)
Shayla: what's wrong Bart?
Bart: I've met ritsuko.
Shayla: so?
Bart: she has a fetish for tall men and giant robots
Urd: and likes to play doctor right?
 
 
Washuu: I finally have you at last, my widdle guinea pig. 

Rei: poor ryoga

 [SHWING!!]
Hitari: Hmm.. : Holds up a pixy stick to the screen: Hey! It's the same 
width!
 
Tenchi doesn't have a choice at this matter. Washuu opens her  
nyloned legs wide to give him a nice view of herself. Then she frees 
his  
mighty Johnson from its cage and proceeds to submerse it into her tight  
pussy. Tenchi's cock doubles in size, 

Shayla: it is now two inches
Everyone else: claps


as Washuu uses every known trick in  
the Universal Kama Sutra book to get him off. 

Everyone cept urd: looks at urd:
Urd: what?
Hitari: you wrote that book didn't you?
Urd: ohohohohohohohohoho!

His fuse goes short very  
quickly, and Washuu feels it coming upon her as well. 
[SPLURRRT!! SPLURRT!!] 
 
Washuu: My-my, Tenchi. Is that the best you can do? 
Tenchi: I couldn't help it. Ryoko and Aeka got to me first. 

Shayla: (washuu) damn my luck!

Washuu: Oh, damn my luck! 

Everyone: o.0
 
-=**=- 
 
Despite his morning troubles Tenchi manages to have some breakfast  
and be on his way to the city. Along the way he almost passes the Miho-
Kiyo  
residence only to realize that he's suppose to pick up something from 
them.  
He knocks on their door... 

Hitari: no don't answer [screams]
Mike: don't answer the phone, don't open the door, don't be in a lemon

 
Kiyone: Who is it?! 
Tenchi: It's me, Tenchi! 
Mihoshi: Alright! It's Tenchi! Come on in!

Sano: the part of the miho-kiyo duo will be played by koji 

Mike & urd: she did just say cum on in didn't she?
Everyone: GET THEM!!! 
Rei: cut their fucking heads off
 
And he does what he says,

Rei: oops

 only to find out that the Miho-Kiyo duo are 
currently trying out the latest in summer swimwear! 
 
[SHWING ONCE MORE!!] 
 
Mihoshi: Wow! Whatta big Johnson you got there!

Urd: her equilibrium must be messed up if she calls that big

Mike: holds up thumb: easy censoring 

Kiyone: I guess we should do something about it. 
 
A coin gets tossed. Mihoshi calls for heads. The coin shows tails and 
Kiyone ends up giving him head. Tenchi's trapped within the world of 
total 
pleasure as she gives his mighty

Hitari:: where is this Johnson guy?

 Johnson a fierce blowjob. 
[SPLURRRT!!] 
Kiyone's whole face was covered with his sticky, white cum. 

Momo: over inter COM: clean up isle 7!
Sano: (as cartmen) >.< dude that fucked up!
Hitari: how did you do that face?
Sano: addiction to cheesy poofs.
 
Kiyone: Mmmm. Delicious. ^_^ But I don't think we're done with you just 
yet. 
 
She then tells him to go over to Mihoshi, who was already getting  
herself ready for his mighty Johnson. In no time he starts thrusting 
into  
her like a piston. His actions cause the beautiful scatterbrain... to  
actually start thinking rationally. Kiyone is puzzled by this, but her  
train of thought is cut short as Tenchi

Shayla: is also cut short ( the boys) shayla!

 returns the favor and gives her  
pussy a wet massaging. After making Mihoshi explode, Tenchi leaves her  
gushing pussy and slushes his Johnson between her large, heaving 
breasts. 
[SPLURRRT ANOTHER TIME!!] 
With the two ravishing ladies tonguing themselves after a hot  
post-morning's orgy, 

Rei: they plan this shit
Urd & mike: cool!

Tenchi leaves their apartment with the thing he  
neaded: a new tube of Bengay and a bottle of Tylenal. 
 
-=**=- 
 
"My language is harsh! And coarse like the sands of time! You will be 
STRUCK! With a tidal wave of words!" Tenchi's at Tokyo University's  
History 5 class watching a film about the Reformation, where Martin 
Luther  
and his followers take a stand against the spoiling of religion. 
After class Tenchi's about to leave when he hears a certain, yet  
soothing voice... 
 
Sakuya: Afternoon, Ten-chan. 
[SHWING!!] 
Tenchi: AAACK!! Hi... Sakuya...

Bart:( sarcastic) oh yes being greeted is such a turn on
 
Sakuya: Comes over towards him.) Isn't it amazing! Mr. Fujisawa can be  
sooo cool when it comes to... (Notices his painful hard-on.) 

Bart: I hate those.
Shayla:: and how did you get them?
Bart:: um .( pics of showering shayle fall out of his pocket)
Shayla:: GET READY!!! (booooom!) PERVERT (echoes)
Bart :: rapidly:: princess, princess,princess
Rei:: winces and pockets some fallen pics
Momo:: begins firing upon said woren
Rei(charred) :: buries his head in urd's cleavage
Urd:: pervert!:: pommels rei
Mike:: hey only I can nuzzle those milky orbs
Urd pommels mike
Momo: dumps gallons of ice water on group.
Momo we now return you to your regularly scheduled mst ^_^
 
Tenchi... 
Tenchi: Yes...? 
Sakuya: Let's take this somewhere else.

Urd: (sakuya) to my house where tenchi rides free 
 
Sakuya takes Tenchi to the nearby janitorial room where she removes her 
panties from under her ravishingly short skirt.

Urd: humph as if she has anything to flaunt 

 She leans on the wall as  
Tenchi, overdriven with lust, "Johnsonizes"

Urd (Arnold) I'm here to blow..you up
Mike: drools

 her as well. Sakuya screams  
with pain as well as ecstasy, since she's not used to the immence 
"banging"  
like Tenchi's alien girlfriends were. 
[SPLURRRT!!] 
His mighty Johnson soon starts to feel the pain of plunging into yet  
another hot, wet pussy. So he promptly takes the Tylenol and Bengay 
after  
he promises Sakuya to meet again.

Rei: and also makes a note to commit suicide
Shayla: you mean seppuku?
Rei: no I just plan on disemboweling myslelf with my knives.
Shayla: 0.o?
 
 
-=**=- 
 
Maybe the rest of the day will be alright, he'd thought.

Shayla: (sarcastic) oh look tenchi's trying to be optimistic..isn't 
that nice

 But his hopes  
quickly went down the tubes as he sees a Ryo-Ohki-style spaceship 
hovers  
over his head. 

Bart: I have this bad feeling in the pit of my stomach

He tries to run, but he was immediately captured by the  
ship's tractor beam. 
Tenchi's soon shackled (Again?)

Mike: I don't know is he?
Everyone: lame

 to a cross in the center of a dark room 
where infamous bounty hunter Nagi conjures up a way of using him as 
bait for 
Ryoko. 

Hitari: double, double boil and trouble fire burn and ..( stops to see 
everyone including tenchi and nagi starring) .. what?

For some reason she has the heat up too high. So she decides to  
remove her black cloak. She ends up revealing to poor Tenchi her  
ravishingly slender, one-piece see-through suit. 
[SHWING!!] 
Nagi smirks at the large bulge in his pants, deciding to have a little  
fun.

Shayla: snicker: after all, she can only have a "little" fun
(everyone snickers)

 She strikes down upon her prey like an eagle

(all sing) like an eagle pouncing for the very first time

 and shoves his painfully mighty Johnson into her. 

momo: shouldn't that be " and shoves his mighty johnson into her?" 
Bart: we had to deal with that disturbing image and your bitching about 
grammar?!!

She manages to get it all in despite the immense pain caused from such 
manhood as his. 

Urd:0.o immense? Um only when compared to his brain : she is hit by a 
force bolt: (ryoko from outside the theater) : ryoko: stop picking on 
my tenchi!
Mike: not fun is it?

But it looks like it's Tenchi's turn  
to be lost in hyperspace, though.

Sano: he can't take it captain he's going to explode
 
[SPLURRRT...!!]

shayla: augh (holds down lunch) nice call sano
sano: green: urp..thanks
 
Nagi has succeeded in making him explode into her. 

Hitari: I bet that hurts
Shayla: yes it does (everyone looks at her) ..um ..At least that's what 
miz says
Mike: your not fooling anyone

But she continues  
to slam herself onto him; being amazed at how hard he is after he shot 
his  
load into her.

Bart: it keeps going and going.
Mike: you mean it keeps cumming and cummingand cumming..(is hit by mini 
cabbits, ryu dolls, momo action figures, a makoto plushie, a kenshin 
doll and an andavari model) ..stop that
Peter suzuki's voice fills the room
Peter(god) stop stealing my shtick!
Msters( cower) we're sorry mighty one..we're not worthy, we're not 
worthy.
Peter leaves.
Momo: that was scary

Mitsuki: FREEZE!! You are under arrest! Come out with your hands out,

Mike: and your breasts up.: is creamed by urd:
Urd: pervert
Shayla; pot ..kettle. black
Urd: did you say something?

 now!

It's Mitsuki in her Galaxy Police ship. It seems that Nagi has spent  
too much time in the "No Spaceship Docking Zone."

Ryoko: outside: she's spent too much time in the " no tenchi docking 
zone"
Damn you nagi!
Urd: how does she keeping getting in here?

Nagi: damn the luck!

Bart: um..whatever 

   -=**=-

sano: stoned: look at the face it's staring ..at me!

Mitsuki: Are you alright?

(everyone) no!
 
Tenchi: I'm not sure. I've been having sex with women all day.

Shayla: (as tenchi) atleast I hope they're all women. 
 
Mitsuki: Tell ya what: Take a little rest. Lay on my bed for a while. 

Urd: come on nobody can be that obvious
(all stare at her) ..what?
 
Okay? 
Tenchi: Why, thanks Mitsuki. (She's not really as mean as Kiyone said  
she is.) 
 
While Tenchi slept Mitsuki takes the opportunity to try out those neat  
street clothing she's got from Mihoshi. Apparently she's making a bit 
too  
much noise.

Sano:oh yes changing clothes could wake the dead.
Mike: skeleton: ah I'm back
Bart: skeleton warrior: welcome back to the land of the living..now 
grab the shovel and start digging!
Hitari: and mike and bart with the shameless movie plug.

 Tenchi wakes up to see what the commotion's all about, just to  
be greeted by a very sexy-looking Mitsuki, exposing her light-blue 
underwear  
whilst she was putting on her leggings.

Mike: woohoo
 
[SHWING*2!!]

bart: plus two damage to undead

Mitsuki: Oh no. Guess I was too much stimulation for you there, huh?

Urd: she's calm about this..she must do this all the time.
 
Tenchi: Mitsuki... Help me...

Hitari: tenchi: can't stop ..talking.. like ..shatner 
 
Mitsuki: Alright, alright. Here you go, kid. 
 
Tenchi viciously stabs his might Johnson into the depths of her sex  
canal. But after a while he notices that the expression on her face 
didn't  
change. 

Urd: yup proof positive I'm right
 
Tenchi: Uh... Mitsuki...? 
Mitsuki: Oh, me? I do this all the time. This is how I rise through the  
police ranks.

Urd: told ya (others stare at her) o.0

 And besides, I earn some pocket change that way.  
So, screw to your heart's content. 
 
"Screw" was the word that immediately set him off. His manhood 
continuously plunges into her like a raging demon. Her pussy's so good;

Urd: my god..belldandy could write a better sex scene then this
Bart: and she's a virgin
Urd: laughs: not anymore..they mate like rabbits
Rei:blushes: heh heh
Momo: hey!
Urd: sorry momo
 
it's bringing him to the brink of eruption. Mitsuki, after years of her  
pussy being plunged into, finds herself moaning louder...

rei: ah this sounds familiar (momo blushes)
 
[SPLURRRRTT!!!] 
 
Mitsuki: (How can this be? I've had dicks as big as these before... 

shayla: she must really search for a dick that small

But

bviously this guy knows how to fuck a lady.)
hitari: than he has no clue what to do with you then

 
Tenchi: Mitsuki... I have to go... 
Mitsuki: Oh. Okay... I just need you to help fill out this Incident 
Report, please. 
Tenchi: *_*; 
 
-=**=-

Rei: the faces are after me!
 
 
Tenchi finally makes it back to the Masaki household, but Mayuka runs  
him over trying to greet him at the door.

Mike and urd: please god no please!
 
 
Mayuka: Daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy!! I'm so glad that daddy's back!!

Mike: of all the people to take after physically she chose ryoko
Urd( as ryoko hefting breasts) uggh!
 
Tenchi: Ouch... Mayuka. You weigh a ton! 
Mayuka: Did you bring me anything, daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy?!

Urd: cyanide pills!
Sano: lord save us!
Mike: in space no one can hear your scream except us.ahhhhhh!
(urd smacks him)
urd: baka
mike: but I'm your baka
rei: what's he made of?
Mike: behold the power od fanfic writers
(a loud glass breaking sound is heard)
shayla: what the harry heck was that?!
Momo: the fourth wall breaking.
 
Tenchi: [That Mayuka is so cute... AAAARGH!! NOOO!!] 
Uh... No, I didn't. Sorry. 
Mayuka: Awww... Well, that's okay! You can give me something else! 

Urd: this is worse than a 70's porno
 
Right, daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy?!!

Rei: how can she talk like that?
Shayla: what? Like this? Helpmehelpmehelpme?
Rei: shayla is possessed 
Rei: lightning!
(shayla is fried.)

 
[SHWING!! AAAAAHH!! NOT WITH HER!!]

(mike begins to twitch)
urd: um mike you okay?
Mike: I'm fine..i will not destroy th planet.
Others..o.0?v
 
Mayuka: Oh my. What a big thing you got between your legs, 
daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy!! [Massages her hand over the bulge in 
his pants.]

Mike: she's 14 you pedophilic asshole!
Rei: notices mike's eyes have turned green: what's with your eyes?
(mike is still twitching)
 
Tenchi: [The better to fuck your...] AAAARGH!! No, Mayuka! I can't! Not 
with you! 
Mayuka: Why not? (continues to massage his cock through his pants.) You 
did auntie Aeka and enjoyed it.

Shayla: ayeka: you weren't supposed to tell
Urd: ditto: it was to be our little secret
 
 
By this time Tenchi had ran out of excuses. His animalistic urges  
take over once more as he frees his mighty Johnson and pounds it into 
her. 

Mike:AHHHHHHH!! (hair becomes jet black and spiky as he raises his arm 
at the fic) die! Gigaflare! :a massive explosion, the theater is fine
Rei:shocked: shit!
Momo: you can't harm the theater Gale
Urd: Gale?
Momo: mike's other personality
Gale:: evil grin: wanna bet? Darklance! ( a fist sized hole is punched 
into the screen: gale passes out and becomes mike again:
 
Mayuka howls outlandishly as she feels herself get banged and filled  
repeatedly for minutes on end... 
[SPLURRRTT!!]

Urd: my god he has some energy
 
 
Mayuka: Oooooohhh... That was the greatest, daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy!!  
Let's do this again and again, forever and ever,  
daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy!! 
Tenchi: (Wiping his cock with Kleenex paper.) Please, stop Mayuka. My 
dick hurts.

(mike wakes up glaring at the fic)
shayla: your dick hurts tenchi? Here let me give you something for the 
pain : pulls out huge sword:
all the guys: gahhh!
Girls: laugh wickedly:
 
 
-=**=-

mike: any ideas?
Others: nope

 
 
Tenchi decides to hit the bed early after he ate. 
Urd: there is a very bad pun there.


He knew it's going 
to be one of those days again tomorrow: The fighting, the havoc, the 
drama,  
the swift mood changes, and ultimately the fucking. 

Sano: oh yes always with the fucking
Mike: Jesus help us
Rei & sano: ( Stan, Kyle) our savior! 

This is terrible. He  
wished he'd never freed the demon, Ryoko, from her prison... 

Mike: twitches: that was only in the ova and yet you have kiyone and 
that dumb bitch sakuya!

He soon falls asleep in his own misery.

Shayla: oh yes drown in your misery you prick!
Hitari: such language shayla!
Shayla: did you even see what happened?
Hitari: no I dropped my plushie and had to pick it up
( shayla tells hitari)
hitari: DIE! DROWN YOU MOTHER F*$KING A$$HOLE!
 
But just then, a soft light appears in the middle of the room. Tenchi  
gets up to see what it is, thinking it's probably Ryoko or Washuu 
trying to  
get another fuck from him.

Mike: nah after having sex with tenchi, ryoko became lesbian.
Bart:ryoko: my god tenchi you suck..oh ayeka!
Mike:: otaku sense tingles and he drops out of chair as an energy sword 
imbeds itself in the chair
Mike: sighs in relief: then ayeka's shield units appear around bart and 
mike.
ZAKKKAAAA!!!!!
Mike: ouch
@.@ oi : passes out::



 But then, it turns out to be the High Goddess of  
Jurai Tsunami; wearing the Juraian ceremonial robe and a weak smile on 
her  
face.

Sano: oh great now it's tsunami who's next achika?
?	a cow is heard in the distance*
others:glare:
sano: I'm sorry ::hangs head:: 
 
 
Tsunami: Well, Lord Tenchi. It seems that it was a busy day for you.

Mike: tenchi: oh yes it's been sex, sex, sex, and yet I'm left 
unsatisfied 
Hitari: :tsunami: you had sex with ryoko and yet your unsatisfied?
Mike: yes not a damn one of them let me have my s & m fantasy.
Others: sweetdrop::
 
Tenchi: Well... heh. The only complaint is that it's taking it's toll 
on 
me. I can't keep doing this forever, you know.
All: neither can we

 
Tsunami: But you have drunk the water from the tree of life, Tenchi 
Masaki.  
You will be able to last for centuries. There is no need for you  
to worry about that. 
Tenchi: You've got to excuse me, Miss Tsunami. All I want right now is  
sleep, pure unadulterated sleep. 
Tsunami: Then let me send you to dreamland, Lord Tenchi.

Mike: sings yoshi story theme:
Everyone else: brings out mallets and flatten him
 
 
And with that, the High Goddess of Jurai flings off her robe to reveal  
her Juraian summer string bikini swimsuit!

Mike: oh tsunami you naughty girl
Urd smacks him
 
[SSSSHHHWWWWIIIINNNNNGGGGGG!!!!!!]

urd: how exaggerated tsunami couldn't get that much of an erection out 
of him ..me on the other hand.
 
 
Tenchi: .......... Let's eat...

Rei: sings: bad joke bad joke what ya gonna do when they pun for you
Everyone else: facevault: 
 
Tenchi takes the high priestess by the waist and kisses her in the  
mouth. 

Bart: if she's the high priestess how can he reach
Make: bad tsunami you know it's illegal to do drugs
Others(stare at him).what?

He moves her bikini bottom aside and starts slamming her with his  
mighty*2 Johnson.

Mike: no D&D jokes
Bart (closes mouth)

 He soon gets totally lost into her world; 

Hitari: I thought she was a ship not a planet.
Urd(sultry voice) welcome to planet tsunami where all your greatest 
dreams come true
Mike: nosebleeds) gahhh!

his orgasm coming quicker than he'd expected. So he removes his mighty 
Johnson and... 
[SSSSPPLLLUUURRRRTTTT!!!!!!]

shayla: ack! I'm blind
 
Fires blast after blast of jizz all over Tsunami's

Mike:the tenchi mark II, greatest cannon in the universe it can reach 
all the way to planet tsunami
 face, hair, and  
breasts. She grabs his Johnson and slurps the rest of his stickiness 
from  
his member.

Urd: sick: I'd do the sticky fingers joke but I don't have the stomach 
 
-=**=-

Momo: the excess 
(others toss their lunch) 
 
He's now in said dreamscape. He's laying back on a tree at the school  
park, waiting for his mother. 
 
Sano: feeling of dread feeling of dread
Rei: my lemon-sense is tingling
Others: hammer time
All but mike mallet rei
Mike is dancing..and then is blasted by a fire spell
Mike: burnt: getting a bit redundant much?..ouch

And here she comes,

All the women: sing: just a walking down the street..(crushed by anvil 
that reads anvil of justie) mike whistles as he removes his finger from 
a remote

 wearing that lovely  
Japanese schoolgirl outfit and her hair in a long ponytail. 
 
Tenchi: Oh mom! I'm so glad I can see you again!

Sano: I just want it to be known I'm sorry for my earlier comment
 
Achika: (Gives him a hug.) Tenchi, my son. I'm so proud of you. You're 
growing up to be a healthy boy.

Mike: twitching: healthy children don't have sex with their children!
 
Tenchi: Mom. My life is so messed up now. I'm having sex with all these 
alien girls. And I can't seem to stop myself.

Momo: grammatical error1
Urd: momo you can read this shit and still bitch about grammar?
 
Achika: Don't be such a wimp, Tenchi. Most men would sell their soul to  
be where you are now.

Mike: nods: I sold my soul to get a wonderful woman, turns out she's 
Satan's younger sister
Urd: hey!
Mike: I'm not talking about you urd
Others: 0.o?!
 
Tenchi: This is nuts! I'm turning into a sadistic pervert just like my  
dad!

Rei: nobuyuki would never have done the things you've done
Sano: bitter?
Rei: I'm about to do to tenchi what I did to syn city
 
Achika: Tenchi dear... Your dad's not a sadistic pervert.

Rei: see?
Sano: yeah, yeah 
 
Tenchi's dad, young Nobuyuki, is in his room, butt-nekkid and totally 
evaporated from having way too much sex with Achika.

Mike: green: yare yare what a pleasant image.troop present bags 
(everyone pulls out barf bags) aim fire! : random noise of puking:  

Achika: I AM!! [Flings up her skirt to give her future son a good long  
look.]

Urd & shayla: ahh! She's French
Guys: huh?
Urd: it's a girl joke
 
[SSSSHHHWWWWIIIINNNNNGGGGGG!!!!!!]

rei: and a miss!
 
Tenchi: MOOOOOM!!! 
 
But it was too late. Achika was already on his Johnson like nobody's  
business; 

Mike: this isn't anyone's business so stop telling us!

going down on it and deepthroating him with the expertise of the  
best sword-swallower known. She then pulls him to the ground and shoves 
her  
crotch into his face. And with all this stimulation; the deepthroating 
and  
the pink frilly panties getting wet, Tenchi would not last very long. 
[SSSSPPLLLUUURRRRTTTT!!!!!!]

mike: british accent: eh he died!
Shayla: and there was much rejoicing
All :bored: yay 
 
-=**=-

Sano: cocks gun: like my smiley face
(others nod nervously) 
 
Tenchi's eyes snap open, bringing him back into the real world. 

Mike: I would kill myself for even dreaming something like that
 
What a wet dream I'd just had, he thought. But somehow he still feels  
that great warmth and wetness along his Johnson.

Shayla: ryoko bite too hard?
Guys:: cross legs: shayla!

 Someone's in bed with him. So he flings off the covers, and... 
 
Ryo-Ouki: (with cum all over her face.) Mi-yaaah!

Mike: in between barfing: first..hurl..it's ryo-ohki and..spew!..that 
was the sickest thing..
 
Tenchi: [Grimaces] This is too much...

All: yelling: we agree!!!!!! 
 
* * * * * * * * * * * * 
 
The End

Mst comments

Momo: my bazooka is loaded that's all I have to say
Bart: I've given your coordinates to yggdrasil
Shayla: I will personally castrate you, then give you to fatora
Rei: may ladon have mercy on your soul cause I won't (growl)
Sano: cracks knuckles: ohh I'm soo going to enjoy pounding you
Hitari: you have defiled my innocence injustice!
Urd: I'm going to make you fall in love with a tree stump!
Mike: this was trash pure and simple and you should suffer for such a 
piece of filth


Authors note
When I found this version of tenchi clan the quickies I thought it 
would have been better. This was almost as bad as the last rewrite it 
was simply put horrible. If I find you assassin I will fong you!
 Bye ^_^

Flames are welcome, if you think my mst deserves to be flamed or msted 
go right ahead I dare you, anyways this is my first posted mst and I 
hope you all liked it ja!
p.s I would like to give credit to peter Suzuki for some of his 
material and also to ksawarrior for the same.
