The StarShip TeaCup Chronicles: MST of 'At the Carrot Patch'

It is the middle of the 24th century. Mankind has evolved to such a stage that 
convicted felons are brought into space to be held so that they may not cause 
trouble.
	These starship prisons hold prisoners of all races, species and sexes. Our 
story starts on the STARSHIP TEACUP, the first of its kind - a multiracial, 
unisex starship. On this such starship, there is a massive riot which ends up 
with only a few convicted felons surviving. Unfortunately, the creators of the 
starship foresaw this and made it impossible for them to navigate the ship until 
they have did their community service. This community service is to MST Fan-Fics 
and punish their authors.
	Within the bowels of the starship, in suspended animation, lie the authors 
of the Fan-Fiction up for MST. The prisoners will not be allowed out until all 
the authors are punished for their evil deeds. Most are lemon writers and these 
are held under high security.

The MSTers are:

Mad Shane - Also known as 'Insane'. The leader of the renegades and co-
conspirator of the  revolution who escaped by cracking Tots head off the bars 
until they bent. He is criminally insane, but shows a large amount of 
intelligence. He is very sadistic when he needs to be and is able to conjure up 
evil space demons to do his bidding. It is unsure how he does this, but it might 
have something to do with Evil Tina. Insane has shaved most of his black hair 
off and is wearing, at the point of writing, white combat bottoms and a white 
baggy T-shirt.

Sane Shane - Also known as 'The Coffeemaker'. Friend of Insane, and overall good 
guy. Makes a smashing cup of tea. He had no doing in the revolution and decided 
to stay in his cell. However, this was all a ruse as the guards trusted him, he 
killed them all without breaking a sweat. What a guy. He has hair put in a 
spikey-uppy fringe thingy, and a black and orange fleece. He forgot to wear 
trousers today and is walking around in shorts the same colour as his fleece.

Evil Tina - Also known as 'Satan'. Despite her charming and nauseatingly cute 
voice, Tina is pure evil. Not only is she able to do sadistic things only Hitler 
would dream of. She is also in tune with The Dark Place, a dimension where the 
most vicious things in creation live. This gives her strange powers which would 
show how Insane has some as well. She is the only female MSTer. Besides Tots. 
Her hair goes down over her shoulders and she is wearing a blood red top under a 
black coat that reaches down to her shins. She is also wearing shiny leather 
trousers.

Tots - Also known as 'Stevie'. God bless this man. Tots is the joker of the pack 
and has not got a kind word to say about anyone. Anyone. However, everyone loves 
him despite the fact he's a bitch and makes fun of everything and everyone. Nice 
lad really. He was used to open the cell the renegades were trapped in. Tots is 
in the new fashion line in outer space. However, he hated it, so he changed into 
a football top and tracksuit bottoms. His strawberry-blonde hair is also shaved.

O'Neill - Also known as 'Conor'. Conor O'Neill. Private Conor O'Neill. An army 
cadet put in prison for simply being quite evil and shooting the general. 
Apparently he deserved it. Whatever way, he is in here now and has to do the 
community service. He got the weapons for the renegades to use. He is wearing a 
blue shirt and combat bottoms, much the same as Insane's. His hair is shaved, 
but he still keeps his fringe which is stuck up at a gravity-defying angle.

Jammy - Also known as 'Joshua'. The mastermind behind the revolution. Ask Jammy 
anything about anything and he will tell you the answer. Not only a genius, but 
also stupidly talented. However, try and tell him something and his reply will 
contain so much sarcasm and spite that you will drown in your own brain juices. 
He is wearing a purple silk sleeveless shirt and black jeans. His hair is cut 
short and bleached blonde.

Other people:

Neurotic distortion - The prison band that weren't killed by the renegades. The 
consist of Kieran (guitarist), Ryan (Bass) and Sean (Vocals). They occasionally 
talk to add comments but were told to keep quiet lest they be punished by Tina.

Emma C - Also Known as 'Emms'. Someone in their cell block who was let live, but 
unfortunately wasn't sadistic enough to go on the MST team. She works in the 
projection room and is trained in the whole sequence of events during MSTing and 
knows what to do. She was called Emma C to differentiate her from Emma Mc, who 
is missing at the point of writing.

Note: The text within < and > refer to the Fan-Fic being MSTed. The text within 
- and - refers to the actions of the MSTers. I use script for whenever the 
MSTers add little tit-bits because its easier to write than like what I'm typing 
right now. There will, however, be a little intermission in the middle, where 
the MSTers set out to destroy the vile scum who wrote the Fic. You might want to 
get something to drink or something.
	Also, this Fic is a lemon. There are scenes of explicit sexual nature. 
Don't say you haven't been warned.
	On with the show...


-The theatre lights illuminate as the MSTers enter the room. One after another, 
they look about and take their seats. Screens come down and they make their 
selection of food-

Insane: Well, this seems to be nice doesn't it?
Tina: Aye, its okay.
Sane Shane: Nice food anyway.

-Neurotic Distortion plays low music-

O'Neill: Who the hell are they?
Sane Shane: Our house band. They weren't killed by us.
O'Neill: Why?
Sane Shane: Didn't you read the character descriptions?
O'Neill: No why?
Sane Shane: -Sighs- Cos they tell you why the hell we're here.
O'Neill: Oh right. Cos I was wondering' that myself.
Tots: -Smacks O'Neill around the back of his head- Shut up its starting.

-The lights dim and the band stop playing as the Fic starts up-

Tots: Ooh all dark.
Tina: Who's working the projector?
Sane Shane: Why is there a projector in the 24th century?
Insane: I dunno. Emma C works up there.

-Jammy sighs-

<Warning this is a Lemon FanFic; which means that it is adult oriented and has 
sexual content.>

Jammy: Woohoo! And I thought this MST thing would suck. We get to watch porn!
Sane Shane: Do we get a bitathathere?

-Everyone stares blankly at him-

Insane: Get what?!?
Sane Shane: A bitathathere. A bit of that there.
Tina: -Shakes her head and sighs- It's too early for me to do that Shane.
Sane Shane -Muttering to himself- Thank god.

<If you are under legal age or easily offended by this kind of material, then 
please hit  the back button on your browser.>

Tots: What's a browser?
O'Neill: The bad guy in Mario.
Jammy: That's Bowser you nobjockey.

-Sane Shane and Insane clap-

Sane Shane: Good use of the word nobjockey Jammy.

<This is also my first lemon FanFic and it's not that great and it may not make 
that much sense.>

Insane: I can't seen this ending well.
Tina: -Looks scared- Oh no, amateur porn!

-The others look at her-

Jammy: How would you know that amateur porn is bad?
Tina: -Blushes slightly- Erm, I dunno. Guess?

<NOTE: none of these characters are mine and are the property of somebody else.>

Tots: Somebody else? That's some description.
Insane: Maybe the writer doesn't want to admit that he/she/it destroyed a 
perfectly good companies cartoon.
Jammy: Or maybe the author is simply a dumbass.
Insane: That is viable too.

<Please send all comments or suggestions to: Mike_Forever@hotmail.com>

Tots: I'm well taking that down and flaming the bastard.

-The others except for O'Neill look at Tots blankly-

Jammy: What the hell does flame mean? As if someone's gonna toast you Tots.
O'Neill: It means to send someone hateful or distasteful e-mails.
Jammy: -Coughs- Prat.

<It was a quiet day at the carrot patch and Tenchi was hard at work picking some 
carrots for lunch.>

O'Neill: Do they not have any other food?
Tina: Gotta love that fresh taste of newly farmed carrots.

<Sasami had nothing to do that day so she decided to go help Tenchi. On her head 
sat Ryo-ohki who miayed contentedly for she knew that they were going to the 
carrot patch.>

Insane: Ah Ryo-ohki. It's actually spelt Ryo-Oh-Ki. But hell, if everyone else 
gets it wrong, why can't this fool?
Sane Shane: Cos he's sad?
Insane: Exactly.

<Tenchi looked up form his work and saw Sasami walking down the road wearing 
shorts and a T-shirt.  Tenchi was sweating profusely and decided to take off his 
shirt, to reveal a muscular
chest, in an effort to cool off.>

Jammy: Oh yeah, showing off your chest really makes you cool down.
Tina: How would you know? You've never did that before.
Jammy: And I'm sure you've did it before Tina. -Coughs- Slut.

<Sasami saw Tenchi hard at work and noticed how cute he was when he was bare-
chested.>

Tina: See Jammy, that's how you're supposed to look. What happened?
Insane: Yeah Jammy, even Tina's got a more muscular chest than you.
O'Neill: No, she's got a flatter chest than her.
Insane: Good point.
Tots: Here, Insane, how would you know the difference between Jammy and Tina's 
chest?
Insane: -Blushes- None of your damn business.

<Tenchi had always had a secret crush on Tenchi>

Insane: Just like Narcissus.

-The others look at Insane as if he had just spoke in German-

Insane: Greek mythology. Fancied himself.
Jammy: He's gay then?
Sane Shane: I hate people that say that Tenchi's gay. Tenchi simply does not 
wish to hurt one of the girls by choosing one and not choosing the other. He's 
really considerate.
Tots: Then why doesn't he have them all? They all want him.
Tina: So if Tenchi fancies Tenchi, then there's two of them?
O'Neill: I think this writer is just screwed up.

<and didn't know how to approach her.>

O'Neill: Okay, so according to this guy, Tenchi's gay, there's two of him, and 
he's a transsexual?
Insane: Lets hope that's a typo, or else this stories gonna get really 
confusing.
Tina: And if he's gay, then what the hell's Sasami doing there? I think she'd 
better leave the two Tenchi's alone with this author so they can sort something 
out.

<Sasami came into full view Tenchi's dick started to grow in his shorts.>

Jammy: -In movie advert voice- Attack of the growing penis.
Tina: -As scared B-movie actress- No Daniel, it's coming for me. It wants to 
impregnate me to make a whole army of growing penises.
O'Neill: -As Daniel- Must... get... out... of... crappy... movie...

<Soon Tenchi's hard-on became too hard to hide, comfortably.  Sasami, by this 
time had noticed the bulge in Tenchi's pants.  Tenchi kept working despite his 
discomfort.>

Tots: What a trooper.
Insane: Kudos to Tenchi
Kieran: Show your support people.

-Everyone claps politely-

<Ryo-oki had now dug a tunnel under the ground to get at one of the carrots.  
She nibbled at the first carrot she came to.>

Sane Shane: Not a picky cabbit, that Ryo-Oh-Ki.
Insane: Do you think she'd like the carrots in Hendersons?
Jammy: Does anyone like the carrots in Hendersons?
Sane Shane: What are you talking about?
Insane: Erm, nothing.

<The carrot was relatively large and would take a lot of time to eat.>

O'Neill: I doubt it. Do you see the speed that that cabbit goes through carrots? 
Like lightning.
Tots: Cabbit shaped lightning?
O'Neill: Yip. With a wee fuzzy tail.
Tina: Awwwwwww. Cutie.

<Tenchi came to the carrot that Ryo-oki was chewing on and was unable to rip it 
from the ground.  Sasami asked Tenchi if he needed any help and bent down close 
to him glancing at his bulge, trying not to let him notice.>

Insane: Sasami's what? 10 or so isn't she? How would she know that Tenchi's, 
erm, bulge, was caused, not only by her, but also what it means when that 
happens? As if she'd even be interested in going near there at her age.
Sane Shane: She's a growing girl. She's curious.
Tina: Yeah, but when I was 10, I didn't know about that kind of thing.
Jammy: And that's saying something Tina.
Tina: Would you stop implying that I'm a slut?
Jammy: -Thinks for a bit- No, it's my running joke.

<Sasami squatted down next to Tenchi and started to pull on the carrot.>

Jammy: Hehe, pull.
Insane: Jammy, I doubt you'll be laughing later on. In fact, that reminds me.

-Insane gives the others brown bags labelled 'In Case Of Emergency'-

O'Neill: What the hell are these for?
Insane: You'll see.
Tina: I'm scared.
Insane: You should be.

<After much effort the carrot was torn from the ground, carrying the little 
cabbitt Ryo-oki with it, and sent Sasami and  Tenchi flying.>

Tots: Crap! Did you see the power on that cabbit? It must have some strength.
Sane Shane: Yeah, it must work out or something.
Tina: Actually, Ryo-Oh-Ki is quite strong. She can lift Tenchi up off his feet.
Jammy: But where did she go? She just flew up and didn't come down.
Insane: Maybe it shall be revealed later.

<Tenchi fell on his back and Sasami fell on top of his stomach face down.>

O'Neill: -Tilts his head slightly- How in the name of God is that possible?
Sane Shane: Whatchutalkinabout?
O'Neill: If they were beside each other, facing the same way, then that means 
Sasami had to spin around in mid air, have precise timing to land on Tenchi and 
must fly higher than Tenchi so she can land after him.
Tots: Good lord, it defies physics.
Insane: Your head defies physics.

<Tenchi and Sasami both moaned slightly in ecstasy as Sasami's pussy was mashed 
onto Tenchi's stiff dick.>

-All the lads wince as the word 'mashed' and 'stiff dick' were used in the same 
sentence. Tina smiles-

<Sasami enjoyed what she was feeling and started to move her hips up and down on 
Tenchi's bulge. Tenchi was slightly dazed and as he came out of it he looked 
down to see his fantasies come true.>

O'Neill: Ah yes, the fantasies of Sasami moving her hips on his penis.
Tina: Would that not crush-
Sane Shane: -Points his gun at Tina's head- Don't you dare finish that sentence.

<Tenchi reached down and lifted Sasami's tight  shirt over her head and flung it 
aside.>

Tots: They haven't even said a word to each other yet. Just out of the blue, 
Tenchi does that.
O'Neill: This is severely OOC.

-The others look at O'Neill-

Tina: OOC?
O'Neill: Out of character. I think.
Jammy: You should get out more.

<Sasami was meanwhile undoing Tenchi's short's as well as her own.>

Sane Shane: Is it possible to do that? Like, I dunno, but I don't think Sasami 
could undo her shorts as well as Tenchi's at the same time. Like, could you do 
that with one hand?
Jammy: Tina probably could.
Tina: Yeah Jammy, and you're good at doing other things with one hand.

-The others laugh as Jammy slides lower in his seat-

<Tenchi lay totally naked under a half-clothed Sasami.  All Sasami was wearing 
was her under-garments.>

Insane: I thought Jurian princesses had more layers of clothes on.
Sane Shane: Yeah, she only undid her shorts, with one hand, and her shirt. 
Usually, she wore loads of clothes.
Tots: And since when where women on top? She's only 10, how the hell could she 
know what to do when she was on top?
Jammy: Are the Jurian princesses not trained in marriage, erm, positions?
Tina: Yeah, and in S&M

-The lads shudder at the thought of whips, handcuffs and blindfolds-

Jammy: Yeah Tina, you would know all-
Tina: -Steals Sane Shane's gun and points it at Jammy's head- I dare you to 
finish that sentence.

<Tenchi leaned forward between Sasami's young tits and undid her front-clasp bra 
with his teeth. Tenchi removed the bra with a small tug.>

-The lads eyes bulge out of their skulls-

Tots: That's impossible.
Jammy: Most guys can't do that with their hands, never mind teeth.
O'Neill: Especially Tenchi. He hasn't really got much history with girls.
Tina: Like you then Conor?
O'Neill: Shut your mouth Tina.
Sane Shane: How can he remove it with a small tug? If the clasp was at the 
front.
Insane: Then the straps would have to go over her arms, and around the back.
Tots: And does Sasami have breasts now? She's only 10.
Sane Shane: Here Tina, did you have breasts when you were 10? Oh hell, why am I 
asking you? You don't have breasts now.

-Tina cracks Sane Shane over the back of the head with the butt of her pistol-

<Tenchi's hands moved down and grabbed the crotch of Sasami's panties.>

Insane: Lets hope he removed his hand from around Sasami's back or else he's 
gonna have some trouble there.
O'Neill: Maybe he's Indian. Like the guy out of Street Fighter 2.
Jammy: Dalsiem. Or something.
Sane Shane: Aye, he was cool, but Blanka was the king.
Tina: Would you testosterone fuelled cretins watch the Fic? I want out of here 
quickly.

<Sasami started to get really wet now.>

Sane Shane: -Shaking head- Tut tut Sasami. I thought you'd got past the stage of 
wetting yourself.
Jammy: Ahem, Shane, I don't think that Sasami wet herself.
Sane Shane: Then why else is she wet?

-The others look at each other-

O'Neill: You see Shane... when a woman becomes aroused...

-O'Neill gives Shane a biology lesson and he runs to the bathroom-

<Tenchi slipped the pink frilly panties in a swift motion.>

Insane: What a guy. Not only can he dislocate his shoulder, but he can also whip 
off panties in a quick motion.
Ryan: I wish I could do that.
Sean: I used to be able to do it. But then I was banished to the cupboard.

<Sasami raised up to allow her panties to come off,>

Tots: But her panties are already off. Has she got two pairs.

-Sane Shane enters the theatre again, see what's on the screen and runs off 
again-

<then she settle herself down on Tenchi's stiff prick.>

O'Neill: What? Did she just sit on him or something?
Insane: Now that would sting.
Jammy: Yep. Burn like the fires of hell.
Tots: Are they gonna do it in the middle of the carrot patch? Its daylight. 
Anyone could just walk past.

<Tenchi held Sasami on the tip of his prick and told the virgin Sasami that this 
would hurt a bit, Sasami didn't care much because she wanted Tenchi so badly>

Tots: What would hurt?
O'Neill: Being in this Fic?
Jammy: Being forced to do evil deeds?
Insane: I doubt a girl of 10 would dismiss pain just because she wanted Tenchi. 
Like, I doubt she's even masturbated, how the hell would she want him badly 
then?
Tina: He's obviously talking about her hymen being broke. And hurt a bit? It 
hurts like hell.
Jammy: Yeah, but you were too young to remember how bad it hurt, Tina.
Tina: -Points the gun at Jammy's head- Right that's it. -Pulls the trigger and 
there is a splash of blood as Jammy's head is ventilated. He slumps forward in 
his seat-
Tots: I'm not cleaning that up.
Insane: -Jumps up from his seat- You killed Jammy. You bitch.
O'Neill: Insane, I wouldn't mess with a sadist with a gun.

-Insane gulps and sits down-

<Tenchi forced all of Sasami's weight down as fast as he could.  Sasami cried 
out in pain as her pussy gave way to Tenchi massive prick was split open.>

Insane: Good lord, his penis was split open?

-The lads use their bags to vomit in as Tina leans forward for a better view-

Tina: Oooohhhh, look at the blood. -They vomit more- Is that the inside of his 
penis? -More vomiting- Good lord, look at his testicles. -The lads run out of 
the theatre to the toilets- Oh well, I'll just sit here then.

<The pain quickly subsided and was soon replaced with pleasure.>

Tina: Actually, if it subsided, that means it's gone and can't be replaced with 
pleasure. This guy knows nothing.

<Tenchi lifted Sasami until only the tip of his dick was left inside Sasami.  
Tenchi brought Sasami back down and lifted her slowly back up.>

Tina: Can she not do that herself? Is she lazy or something? And I think it 
would be taxing on Tenchi's arms for him to continually do this.

<Tenchi continued this motion while lifting his hips up to meet Sasami's 
downstrokes.>

Tina: Sasami's not doing any downstrokes. She's just sitting there while Tenchi 
does it all.

<Sasami started to gyrate her hips from side to side, trying to increase the 
friction inside her love hole.>

Tina: Why the hell would she want to do that? It she trying to set him on fire 
or something?

<Ryo-ohki was, meanwhile, still working away at the tip of the carrot.>

Tina: How the hell did she get underground? Last I heard of her, she was flying 
through the air. Speaking of flying. -Tina bends over to Jammy's body and steals 
his wallet- Heh heh. Air Miles.

<She had no idea of what was going on at the surface.>

Tina: I doubt she would want to know.

<Ryo-ohki felt small tremors in the ground from Tenchi's humping action, but 
thought nothing of it.>

Tina: Of course not. Eating carrots is more important than finding out what 
those tremors are. And how did Tenchi simply lifting Sasami up and down cause 
tremors?

-The lads re-enter the theatre, groggily as the lights come on and the Fic 
stops-

Tina: What? What the hell?
Emma C: Hey, its the interval. You get to kill the bastard who made this lemon.
Sane Shane: Thank God. I'm a gonna murder him good.
Insane: But first we gotta get Jammy back to life.
O'Neill: How do we do that Batman?
Insane: By bringing him to the ER so he can be operated on.

-~=*^*=~-

-The MSTers enter a room. In this room, there are loads of canisters filled with 
floating bodies. These are the bodies of the authors of the Fan-Fics up for MST. 
They float in a green liquid with loads of wires connected to them-

Tots: Right, who was the guy who wrote this thing?
O'Neill: His pen name is Ryo-Ohki.
Sane Shane: Right, so...

-They look around at the many cylinders. There must have been over 100 authors 
there. Eventually, they found he who is known as Ryo-Ohki-

Insane: This is him. How do we release him?
Tina: Press that button there.

-Insane presses the button, and there is a whirring sound as all the wires are 
released off Ryo-Ohki. The liquid is drained and the door opens as he awakes. He 
notices there are six very annoyed looking people around him with various 
instruments of destruction-

Jammy: So, you're the sick bastard who wrote 'At the Carrot Patch'?

-Ryo-Ohki, luckily dressed in black clothes that are soaked by the liquid, 
coughs and spits out some of the liquid-

Ryo-Ohki: Yeah, why?
Tina: Cos we saw it and now we want to kill you.

-Ryo-Ohki's face shows a look of horror. He panics and frantically looks about 
for an exit. He sees one behind the group and dashes for it, knocking them all 
away-

Tots: Crap, he's getting away.
Tina: -Smirks- Just leave him. I love the chase. And anyway, how hard can he be 
to find? He's a soaking wet guy dressed in black, and running around a deserted 
space prison.
Jammy: -Scratches his head where a bandage is, covering his bullet wound- Come 
on back to see the rest of the Fic so we can enjoy murdering him.

-The others nod before making their way back to the theatre-

-~=*^*=~-

-In the theatre, the MSTers sit down-

O'Neill: Right, about catching Ryo-Ohki, I think one of us should go at a time, 
so the rest can continue to MST the work.
Sane Shane: I nominate Tots.
Insane: Me too.
Tina: Yeah, Tots would be great for catching that guy.
Jammy: I agree
Tots: Ach, now come on. Don't I at least get some sort of weapon?

-Emma C comes down from the projector room and shows him an arsenal of guns, 
knives, clubs and assorted instruments of destruction, laid out on a table. Tots 
selects a samurai sword, but quickly puts it back when he has flashbacks about 
him and swords. He then picks up a shotgun and pumps the barrel-

Tots: Right, I'm off. Wish me luck.
Tina, O'Neill, Jammy, Sane Shane: Good luck!
Insane: Hope you die.

-Tots leaves and the Fic starts up again-

<Back at the surface both Sasami and Tenchi were reaching their climax.  There 
was much labored breathing and moaning between the two of them.>

Jammy: The climax? What is this a mountain?
Tina: An orgasm, Jammy.
Jammy: I know, but how the hell can you reach it? And laboured breathing and 
moaning? He's sliding her up and down on his penis. It's basically masturbation 
without your hand.
O'Neill: You'd know all about that.

<Tenchi slowed down a bit to try and prolong the pleasure for both of them.>

Sane Shane: I think he would naturally slow down. I'm sure doing all the work 
with your hands sure would tire you out.
Tina: Jesus Christ, you're all wankers. All of you.
Jammy: And proud of it.
O'Neill: -Looks at his feet- Speak for yourself.

<Ryo-ohki heard all the screaming and came up to investigate.>

Tina: Oh so there's screaming now? Last time I heard, there was just laboured 
breathing and moans.
Insane: Maybe they're screaming to get out of this Fan-Fic.
Sane Shane: Speaking of screaming, where's Tots?
O'Neill: He'll turn up. Always does.

<She dug a tunnel along-side the carrot she was just eating and popped her 
little head out.>

Jammy: So, Ryo-Oh-Ki won't come out when there's an earthquake, but will when 
there's some screaming. For once, I think this guy makes sense.
Tina: Almost.

<She watched curiously as Tenchi and Sasami screamed in ecstasy as they both 
climaxed.>

Sane Shane: If Tenchi's a normal teenage boy, then I doubt he would scream. 
Ever. Even during sex.
Jammy: What about Sasami?
Sane Shane: I dunno. Lets ask Tina. Tina, when you orgasm, do you scream?
Tina: I'm not talking to you two.

<Both exhausted, Tenchi and Sasami decided to rest for a while.>

O'Neill: Exhausted? He was doing all the work. She sat there and screamed. This 
author is a shame towards Tenchi. A pox on him.
Tina: Do you hear that?

-Tots enters the room. He is sweating profusely and his face is red-

Tots: Couldn't.. catch... him... too... fast... -Tots collapses-
Jammy: Should we help him?
Insane: Nah just leave him there. But who's going to find Ryo-Ohki?
O'Neill: I'll go. Comin' Tina?
Jammy: That happens to Tina every night.

-Tina grabs a sword off the table and slices at Jammy, cutting his seat, but 
missing him by a hairs breadth-

Tina: Next time you won't be so lucky.

-O'Neill grabs a sub-machine gun and runs after Tina-

<They just lay there to catch their breath and relax their muscles.>

Insane: Again, how the hell could they both be tired out when Tenchi was doing 
the work while she just sat there?
Sane Shane: Relax what muscles? His arm muscles? Her vaginal muscles? What?
Jammy: Do they still remember they're in the middle of a carrot patch? In broad 
daylight?
Sane Shane: When you're in a lemon, the laws of physics and the fact that your 
doing it in plain sight of the house does not matter.

<When they were rested Tenchi made the first move by rolling over and reaching 
for the carrot that Ryo-ohki was nibbling on.>

Insane: I can't see this ending well.

-Tots gets up and groggily walks over to his seat-

Tots: You bitches. Why didn't you help me up?
Insane: Cos we're lazy. And we don't like you.

<Sasami looked up curiously and smiled at the thought of what Tenchi was about 
to do.>

Sane Shane: I wouldn't really smile. I'd be scared.
Jammy: If I were Ryo-Oh-Ki, I'd be scared. He's using a good carrot for sinister 
deeds.

<Tenchi dusted off the carrot a bit, kneeled down in front of Sasami and stuffed 
the carrot up in her pussy.>

-Jammy throws up-

Insane: Two things. One, she's still lying down. Why would he kneel down to do 
that? He can just lie down. Two, how the hell can a carrot be stuffed up there? 
Has she got most of her intestines removed or something?
Sane Shane: I'm beginning to think I should have went after that guy.

<Ryo-ohki gave a whelp of protest and ran to Sasami.>

Tots: Go on Ryo-Oh-Ki, get that carrot.
Insane, Tots and Sane Shane: Go Ryo, go Ryo-Oh-Ki, go.
Jammy: -Sighs- And to think, they do it all without the aid of drugs...

<She watched Sasami's pussy swallow the carrot and then jumped in after it.>

-Jammy vomits into his bag-

Insane: How in the name of God is that possible?
Tots: You're right Insane, most of her intestines have been removed.
Sane Shane: And if they haven't, they'll be crushed under the pressure of a 
cabbit and carrot.
Jammy: Oh dear God. Do we have to sit through this?
Sane Shane: Yep, in order to get home.
Tots: Hear Shane over there. This isn't community service, its torture.
Insane: Tis less of a story, more of an instrument of evil. Begone vile fiend of 
terror -Throws his coke at the screen-. Damnedable spaceship of hell. A pox on 
it!
Sane Shane: It seems Insane has awoken.

<Sasami squealed with delight.>

Tots: I wouldn't if I were you.
Jammy: You probably would, Tots.

 <Tenchi lifted Sasami and crawled under her, laying her on his chest face-up.>

Sane Shane: Uh oh. I cannot see this ending well.
Insane: Of all the godforsaken places in this universe, I had to be here. Avast!
Tots: What the hell is he on about?

<Tenchi stuffed his cock up her tight, little asshole.  Ryo-ohki crawled up 
farther into Sasami's pussy in an effort to retrieve the stolen carrot.>

-Jammy vomits more into the bag-

Sane Shane: Oh no! Anal sex. My only weakness.
Tots: It is too. Hates arses, so he does.

<Ryo-ohki, realizing that it would be impossible to pull the carrot out, sat and 
nibbled at the carrot.>

Jammy: Sat where?
Tots: In... erm... there.
Jammy: I've seen too much. I can't vomit anymore.

<Ryo-ohki had to come up for air every once in a while, this increased the 
friction in Sasami's pussy.>

Jammy: I stand corrected. -Vomits into his bag-

<By this time Sasami was thoroughly enjoying herself.  Sasami's tight ass 
muscles
loosened up slightly, as Sasami began to relax.>

Sane Shane: Overuse of the word Sasami. What a cretin.
Tots: There's a bloody paedofile on that screen, and you're making grammar 
comments? Bloody twat.
Sane Shane: Shut your ass Tots.

<Tenchi began to move up and down and lifted Sasami in an effort to get some 
friction on his dick.>

Jammy: Tenchi is destined to get that penis on fire, isn't he?
Sane Shane: No I think he's trying to get a fire going so he can burn the 
bastard who wrote this.

-O'Neill and Tina enter the room. Tina wipes her mouth and fixes her hair. 
O'Neill pulls up his trousers and fixes his shirt.-

Sane Shane: So did you find him?
O'Neill: Erm, no.
Tots: Then why do you looked wrecked?
Tina: Well, erm, ya see, we-

-Insane jumps up screaming from his seat, grabs a samurai sword from the table 
and runs from the room-

Sane Shane: Don't worry, Insane'll bring him back.

-Tina and O'Neill sit down.-

Tina: So what's happened so far?
Jammy: Tenchi humped her, Ryo-Oh-Ki jumped in her vagina, and now they're doing 
it up the ass. -Vomits more into his bag, which is now full.-

<Tenchi slowly increased the pace at which he pounded his meat into Sasami.>

Tina: I didn't know Tenchi went to the shop to get some meat.
Sane Shane: I think that's his penis Tina.
O'Neill: If he pounded into her, wouldn't that sting? And bleed?
Jammy: You're right. Tina, what's that like?
Tina: Well, it stings a bit, bu- Hey! Shut the hell up.

<At the same time Tenchi reached around to tease his lovers' clit.>

Tina: You shouldn't tease Tenchi.
Jammy: Bet you've been teased a lot Tina.
Tina: I swear Jammy, I'll cut off your head this time if you don't shut up.

<His other hand grabbed Sasami's tiny pink nipple on her left side.>

Tots: Very descriptive, aren't we?
Sane Shane: Maybe it has some relevance later on in the story.
Jammy: I hope not.

<Sasami brought her right hand up to her breast and ran little circles around 
her nipple with her index finger.  Her other hand moved down and reached between 
her legs.>

O'Neill: So she's running her finger around her nipple, and she's gonna finger 
herself?
Jammy: Course not. Tenchi's doing that.
Sane Shane: Too easy.
Tina: What is?
Sane Shane: Nothing.

<She continued down until her hand met Tenchi's balls,>

Tina: Hand, meet Tenchi's Balls, Tenchi's Balls, meet Hand.

<she then gave Tenchi's balls a light squeeze.>

Tina: -A la Teletubbies- Big hhhhhhhuuuuuuuuuggggggggg.

<Tenchi returned the favor by pinching Sasami's nipple and clit between his 
thumb and index finger.>

Tots: Let's hope he did it with each hand or else Sasami is in a world of pain 
right about now.
Sane Shane: Whatchutalkinabout?
Tots: Well, for him to do that with one hand, Sasami would have to bend over and 
break her back.
Sane Shane: There's an ongoing joke about one hands in this Fic.
Tina: Well it better stop. We remember what happened last time when ongoing 
jokes went too far, don't we Jammy?
Jammy: -Quietly- Yes.

<By this time Ryo-ohki was almost done the carrot and tried to push the rest of 
the carrot out through Sasami's vaginal opening.>

Tots: My God! Ryo-Oh-Ki's doing the carrot? Everyone's doing something aren't 
they?
Jammy: No wonder she loves carrots so much.

<This gave Sasami a jolt of pleasure and brought her close to climax.>

-At this point, the author of this monstrosity, Ryo-Ohki, runs in, screaming, 
with Insane running after him. Insane closes the door, and laughs maniacally, as 
he sees his prey cornered.-

Insane: Come friends, we shall gut him together.

-Everyone, including Neurotic Distortion and Emma C select a weapon. They run 
for Ryo-Oh-Ki, who runs away. The chase continues around the room, with gunshots 
going off, chairs flying and people falling. Somehow Ryo-Oh-Ki survives this. 
-They trap him in a corner and, out of the blue, Kieran falls from on high, 
where he had been hiding and smashes a banjo over Ryo-Oh-Ki's head. The others 
dive on Ryo-Oh-Ki and there is screaming as they viciously tear him apart. 
-After a few minutes, they stand up and survey the damage. Each of them is 
covered with Ryo-Oh-Ki's blood, and Jammy has a bit of rotten flesh coming out 
of the side of his mouth. He quickly swallows this and they return to their 
positions to continue to MST the end of the Fic-

<Sasami let Tenchi know this by tugging spasmodically on Tenchi's balls,>

-All the lads wince as they see this-

Sane Shane: That's bound to sting.
Tina: I doubt Tenchi would feel that since his mind in numbed due to the 
crapness of this Fic.

<Tenchi began to hump faster and faster trying to bring Sasami and himself over 
the verge of climax.>

Tots: How can he hump her if she's on top of him?
Jammy: Good point Tots. For once you make sense.
Tots: I'll slap you if you don't shut up.

<It worked, both of them moaned and shuddered as they reached their second 
climax at the same.
time.>

Tina: Well, at least this time the sounds are moans and not screams.
Tots: Shudder?
Sane Shane: Why would you shudder?

-O'Neill and Tina look at each other and smile-

Jammy: Insane, you're pretty quiet.
Insane: Just give me a chance. Any chance

<Cum began to seep out of Sasami's ass, Tenchi waited until he was limp before 
he withdrew from her ass.>

Insane: There's my chance!

-Insane jumps up out of his seat and starts to slice at Ryo-Oh-Ki's lifeless 
body in the corner. The others follow and again, there is much splashing of 
blood. They all return to their seats after a few minutes, except for Jammy, who 
stays and starts making weird sounds as if he's eating something.-

<Ryo-ohki had finally pushed the rest of the carrot out of Sasami's pussy and 
began to nibble on it.>

Sane Shane: Here, Jammy, it's near the end, c'mon and watch the rest.

-Jammy walks over. There is a visible amount of raw meat on his clothes. Some 
blood and pieces of meat are splashed on his face.-

Tots: Jammy, you've got a little spot there. On your face.
Jammy: What? Oh, okay. -Jammy licks his face clean of blood. This doesn't seem 
to bother Tots, since he's sat through the most of this Fic.-

<Sasami looked over to Tenchi and lovingly whispered "I LOVE You Tenchi.">

Insane: Yet another chance!

-Again the others dive over to mutilate the body of Ryo-Oh-Ki. They all finish 
and walk out. Jammy carries a bag that leaks blood.-

-~=*^*=~-

-Insane is sitting on his bunk. There is a knock on the door, and Sane Shane 
enters.-

Sane Shane: So, how did you like that Fic?
Insane: It was disgusting. Like, raping is one thing, but paedofilia is another. 
I felt like retching the whole time. I'm glad it's over. It sucked more than 
Monica Lewinsky.
Sane Shane: Who?
Insane: No-one.
Sane Shane: Yeah, well, at least we don't have to do that any more.

-There's a knock at the door. Tina enters. O'Neill is walking behind her.-

Tina: So, next Fic is next week.

-Sane Shane and Insane make evil faces as if they just saw Tots eating.-

Sane Shane and Insane: What?!?
Tina: That's not all of out community service, we still need to do the rest.
Insane: You mean... all those people in the containment room? All those guys in 
the glass cylinders?
O'Neill: Girls too. Don't worry, we only have to do enough for our community 
service.
Sane Shane: And how much is that?
O'Neill: I dunno. The next Fic is next week. Okay?

-Sane Shane and Insane nod silently. Tina and O'Neill leave.-

Sane Shane: Christ. More bloody Fan-Fics. Let's hope they don't suck like that 
one.
Insane: I doubt it Shane. I really doubt it.

Authors note:

So, how did you like it? It's my first MST, and I'm pretty happy with it all. I 
used the lemon 'At the Carrot Patch' because its a good place to start and it's 
really bad. There'll be more MSTs from me in the near future, and those who want 
to e-mail me about any aspect of this MST, my e-mail address can be found at 
www.TMFFA.com.

Why I chose this Fic:

I suppose if your Ryo-Ohki, or just still reading this Fic, you're probably 
wondering why I chose this Fic to use. Well, the answer is simple. It's a 
terrible Fic. I'm sure that if it revolved around someone other than Sasami, 
then it be okay, except in any normal country, having sex with a girl under the 
age of consent is called paedofilia. It is something truly evil to use as a Fan-
Fic subject and is infamous as one of the worst Fan-Fics ever written.
	I am not really sorry for saying this since no one really likes 'At the 
Carrot Patch'. I'm sure it has been MSTed more times than needed, but it is a 
terrible Fic and must he punished, and since we don't know Ryo-Ohki's real name 
or address, this is the only good way to do it. And if we did have his address, 
he'd probably be thrown in jail anyway. Either that or killed by a bunch of 
anti-paedofilia protesters.

Thanks to:

Christopher Totton, James Mc Guigan, Shane Mc Mahon, Conor O'Neill and Tina 
Seeley for letting me use them as templates for my MSTers. Thanks also to Kieran 
Mackle, Sean Mackle and Ryan Mc Quillian for letting me use their band. Also to 
Emma Campbell for using her projector.
	I would like to thank Jerry the Juicer and Defiler Bob for letting me use 
aspects of their brilliant MST series, 'MST from Hell'. Cheers guys.
	And last, but not least, I would like to thank you, the reader, for 
reading it and I hope you enjoyed it. Thank you all.

Dedication:

This MST is dedicated to all those people on whom I based the characters in 
this. This is for you!

Disclaimer:

Tenchi Muyo! belongs to Pioneer and AIC.
The Fan-Fic 'At the Carrot Patch' belongs to some sicko by the name of Ryo-Oh-
Ki.
The characters Tots, Insane, Sane Shane, Jammy, O'Neill, Tina, Ryan, Emma C, 
Kieran and Sean are copyright of Mad Shane And Austie Enterprises Inc c. All 
rights reserved.

Visit us at www.madshaneandaustie.cjb.net.
