Disclaimer: Tenchi belongs to
AIC and Pioneer, The Rocky
Horror Show belongs to Richard O'
Brian. 

NOTES: Well, it had to happen some
time. In my view anyway. Yes, in
my infinite stupidity, I have in
fact parodied the ENTIRE Rocky Horror
show, including dialogue. So, here
it is, in full form:

	THE TENCHI HORROR SHOW!!!!
The roles have been swapped,
so the 'equivelent' characters
are written here for easy access.

Nobuyuki - Brad
Achika - Janet
Mihoshi - Eddie
Washu - Frank N Furter
Yosho -  Riff Raff
Ayeka - Magenta 
Ryoko - Columbia
Tenchi - Rocky
Kiyone - Dr. Scott
Kagato - Narrator (The Kaggator, you
could say)

	Also  guest starring:
       Sesami as Pretty Sammy
                And 
        Ryo-Ohki as herself

Songs, in order, with singers:

1-  MARTIAL LEMON - ANIME EXPO * 
	Ayeka
2-  DAMN, ACHI-SAN *
	Nobuyuki	Achika
3-  OVER THE LEMON\LIME PLACE *
	Achika	   Nobiyuki 	Yosho
4-  THE LIGHT HAWK *
	Yosho	Ayeka	Ryoko	Kagato
5-  SWEET PAEDOMORPHIC *
	Washu
6-  THE MASTER KEY *
	Tenchi
7-  I CAN MAKE YOU ASCEND *
	Washu	
8-  GOSH GOLLY, HOKEY POKEY *
	Mihoshi
9-  I CAN MAKE YOU ASCEND (reprise) *
	Washu	  Achika      All
10- TENCH-A TENCH-A TENCH-A TENCHI *
	Ryoko et al
11- SWEET LITTLE CHILD
	Nobuyuki
12- MIHOSHI'S KAREOKE *
	Kiyone  Kagato  Washu  Yosho  Achika  Mihoshi
13- CREATURE FEATURE *
	Washu	  Achika	All
14- ECCHI MY WORLD *
	Achika  Nobuyuki  Tenchi  Ryoko  
15- DON'T FIGHT IT, WRITE IT
	Washu	 Nobiyuki  Kiyone  Achika  Ryoko
16- A CHILD WITH AN UNNAMED PAIN *
	All 
17- I'M ON MY OWN
	Washu
18- SUPER SAIYANS * 
	Nobuyuki	Achika	      Kagato
19- MARTIAL LEMON - ANIME EXPO (reprise) *
	Ayeka

WARNING: LIKE THE ORIGINAL ROCKY HORROR
SHOW, THIS CONTAINS SOME QUITE SEXY
CONTENT! IT IS NOT LEMON, BUT IT IS
CITRUS IN FLAVOUR, AND SO ARE ALL
THE SONGS! ONLY READ ON IF YOU HAVE
EITHER SEEN THE ORIGINAL SHOW OR 
THINK YOU CAN HANDLE IT!

SCRIPT:
Notes: 
Anything in brackets is stage direction, anything
in brackets and speech marks is a song.

("Martial Lemon- Anime Expo")

(Church Bells in the Background. Bulma and Vegeta
exit the church, both looking flusted in full 
wedding dress. A crowd of freinds, including Nobuyki
and Achika are around. Photographers crowd round the
wedded man and women. Bulma
offers Vegeta he bouquet, and he, mistaking her
actions, throws it up. Achika catches it. Applause
from the surrounding crowd, who clear away when
the couple get into a car marked "Wait till the 
wedding night to find out if all a Super-Saiyan's 
hair goes yellow".)

Achika: Oh, Nobu-san! Wasn't it wonderful? Only 
yesterday she was just plain Bulma Breifs- and now she 
is Bulma- Princess of All The Saiyans!

Nobuyuki: Oh yes, Achika! Vegeta's a lucky guy.

Achika: Yes!

Nobuyuki: Everyone KNOWS Bulma's a TERRIFIC lover.

Achika: Yes!

Nobuyuki: It's too bad that all the Saiyans are dead 
and all. 

Achika: Yes!

("Damn- Achi-san")
(Scene moves to Kagato's quaters. It is a small room 
with a library of books, a desk, a globe and a lamp. 
A strange energy feild glows around the whole area. 
The room has no real walls or ceiling. Kagato himself
is sipping Tea)

Kagato: I would like, if I may, to tell you on a 
strange story. It seemed a 
when Nobuyuki Masaki and his fiance Achika Jurai
two ordinary, normal, heathly animes left Okyama that 
late Novermber eveing to visit a Miss Kiyone Makibil, 
ex-law enforcer and now freind to both of them. 
It was true there were dark storm clouds- heavy, 
black and pendulous, towards which they were driving. 
But they, being characters from an anime and
on a night out, were not likely to show any sense in 
this situation...on a night out. It was a night out
they would remember for a very, VERY long time...

(Nobuyuki and Achika are driving through a 
stormy night, listening to some weird songs
on the radio)

Nobuyuki:Hmm... 

What's the matter Nobu-san?

Nobuyuki:I think that's a dead end ahead...we should 
turn back...

That's the fourth dead end road we've come past. 
We'll never get into Tokyo at this rate!

(There is a small explosion)

Nobuyuki:Oh, darn, Achika!

What was that bang?

Nobuyuki: It seems that even the mention of (pause) 
'The Matchstick City' was enough to make the engine 
explode! I knew I should have put an Anime guard on it!

Audience: ASSHOLE!

Nobuyuki: You'd better stay here and keep warm
while I go for help...

Achika: Where will you go? We're in the middle of 
nowhere! That's why we live here- to avoid the tax 
inspector and people who might say there are too many 
women in our house...

Nobuyuki: Didn't we pass a castle back down the road
a few miles? Maybe they have a vidphone, or at least a
psued-space portal we could use...

Achika: I'm coming with you!

Nobuyuki: There's no point in both of us getting wet!

Achika: I'm coming with you! Besides, darling...the 
owner of the castle will probably be one of these 
'hentais' we keep hearing about, and you may never 
come back!

Both: (laugh uproarisously at this incredible wit) 

("Over at the LemonLime place")

(There is a flash of lightening as Nobuyuki and
Achika approach the castle.)

Achika: Ooo!

Nobuyuki: It's all right Achika.

Achika: Oh Nobu-san! I want to go back...I'm cold
and I'm frightened!

Nobuyuki: Just a moment, Achika.

(He rings the bell.)

Nobuyuki: They may have a videophone.

(The door creaks open, revealing Yosho the Handyman.
He is white haired and shifty looking, clad all in
black.)

Yosho: Heeeelllloooo.

Nobuyuki: Er...hi there. We're in a bit of 
a spot...are car has spontaneously combusted...
do you have a phone we might use?

Ysoho: Your...wet.

Achika: Yes! The RAIN has been VERY heavy...

Yosho: That's not what I meant

Nobuyuki: Er...yes.

Yosho: Yes.

(Thunder)

Yosho: I think you'd better both...COME INSIDE.

Achika: Your too kind.

(Kagato again)
Kagato: And so- it seemed that after braving the
weather and some not to little time, Achika and
Nobuyuki had finally found the "help" they
required....or had they? There was certainly something
about this house, and this strangly familiar old 
man who had greeted them, that made them both 
uneasy and apprehensive...still, if they were
to get through the night, they would have to take
advantage of any "help" offered to them...

(Yosho leads them into the
lobby, a small round room with two sets of huge
double doors, one to the inside, the other out. 
There are two statues in the lobby, 
both of women in black clothes who are holding
a globe. There is a hole in the center of the 
floor, which looks dangerously wide.)

Yosho: Wait...here!

(Yosho leaves, locking the 'inner door' behind 
him)

Achika: Oh Nobuyuki! What kind of a place is this?

It's probably a training lodge for those Z senshi
weirdos. But your shivering!

Achika: Yes! I'm wet.

Nobuyuki: Hey! Feel this...there's hot air coming from 
this crack in the floor...come over here...

(The air blows up Achika's skirt, and she holds it
down.)

Nobuyuki: Don't worry, Achika. No one else is here.
I'll keep a look out for 'grandad'...

Achika: Oh!

Nobuyuki: For god's sake, Achika. Pull yourself
togther. There's nothing to worry
about...I'm here!

(But Yosho has sneaked up behind them without
being noticed, and breaths down they're necks
evilly)

Nobuyuki: Arggg! Excuse me, but if we could just make a
call we'll be moving along. I'm sure you
have a lot of things to and a great evening planned.

Yosho: Oh, yes. You've COME on a rather special 
night...the Mistress is having a interesting 'affair'.

Achika: Lucky her!

(Suddenly one of the statues comes to life- it
is in fact Ayeka, who has been posing. She drops her
globe, which smashes loudly. Achika and Nobuyuki
are understandably terrified.)

Ayeka: Yes...she's lucky! I'M lucky- YOU'RE lucky...
We're all lucky! 

(Ryoko, who is the other statue, drops her globe
too and jumps down from her pedestal)

Ryoko: You'd think that wouldn't you? Hah!

Ayeka: Hah!

Yosho: Hah!

(Ayeka and Ryoko lead Nobuyuki and Achika
through. Yosho stays behind, and talks to the
crack in the floor)

Yosho: Good boy...but you must stop blowing up women's
skirts...

(He throws a bit of food at the crack, and a
tentacle whips out, grabs it, and disappears.
Yosho then follows the others.) 

Ayeka: We ALL though we were lucky...all except 
Mihoshi...

Ryoko and Yosho: Hiss!

Ahcika: Mihoshi?

Ryoko: The cabaret girl...

Ayeka and Yosho: Hiss!

Ayeka: Her beret wasn't good enough!

Yosho: The Mistress only wanted to better her...
position.

Ayeka: Mmmm...

Nobuyuki: That is very...comendible.

Ypsho: Yes. It still think it was only yesterday since
she went...

Ryoko: You would think that, wouldn't you? Hah!

Ayeka: Hah!

Ryoko: Hah!

Trio: Ahahahahahaha!

("The Light Hawk")

Achika: Say something Nobuyuki!

Nobuyuki: Er...hey, do you guys know 
"Manatsau Eve?"

Achika: Oh, Nobuyuki! Let's get out...it seems so...
perverted here! 

Nobuyuki: Look we can't go anywhere until I get to a 
phone.

Achika: This isn't Anime Central Officer, Nobuyuki!

Nobuyuki: Look, their probably...foreigners with ways
different to out own. They may have some more...
'fight music'.

Achika: Look, I'm cold, I'm wet and I'm just plain
scared!

Nobuyuki: But I'm here Achika- there's nothing to 
worry about!

(While they are speaking Washu comes down
in the Grand Lift, and sneaks up behind them,
giving them both a shock.)
("Sweet Peadomorporphic")
(As she sings, and gets to the second verse,
she rips off her cloak revealing an all-leather
sailor scout outfit...how terrible unsuitable
for a little girl. Tut tut. At the end of the
song, Washu disappears into the Grand Lift, and 
beckons invitingly to Achika and Nobuyuki)

Nobuyuki (very freaked out): Don't worry Achika...
everythings gonna be alright.
We'll just play along for now and pull out the
aces when the time is right.

Achika: This is no time for card captors, Nobuyuki! 
Are you SURE were going to be okay?

Nobuyuki: Oh, I'm sure Achika.

Ryoko: Let's get you out of those
wet clothes!

Achika: Thank you...we...oh!

(But it is too late. Ayeka starts
stiripping Nobuyuki while Ryoko
does the same to Achika. Yosho catches
the clothes as they come off.)

Nobuyuki: Arg! Er...hello...my name is
Nobuyuki Masaki and this is my finacee Achika
Jurai...and you are?

Yosho: Very charmed to have such nice guests
staying with us. I would love to get to
know you better...not many people
stop by here to see Washu.

Nobuyuki: Not people like us, at any rate.

Ryoko: You would think that, wouldn't you? Hah!

Ayeka (pulling down Nobuyuki's trousers): Hah!

Ryoko (ripping off Achika's blouse): Hah! 

(Our heroes are now in their underwear) 

Achika(to Yosho): Is she...Washu...your wife?

(Ayeka and Ryoko laugh uproariously)

Yosho(stiffly): The mistress is no yet married.
Nor do I think ever will be...we are simply her
servents.

Ryoko: Speak for yourself! (turning to Achika and 
Nobuyuki) *I* am the daughter of the aforementioned 
Washu.

Achika: Oh! She must be very proud to have such a 
strong and beatuiful daughter.

Ryoko: You'd think so wouldn't you? Hah!

Ayeka: Hah!

Ryoko: Hah!

Yosho: This way please.

Achika: Oooo....

(Ayeka whips Achika)

Ayeka: Shift it!

(Yosho leads them to the Grand Lift, and lets 
everyone else get in first. Then he goes over
to an out-of-place kitchen top, where there
is a sink, an oven, a tumble drier
and a dishwasher. He looks indecisive for a
moment, and then puts all the clothes in
the oven.)
(They are led into the main lab, where Washu
is waiting in a surgical gown. There are
vats of sweets, caramel, sugar, toffee and
fudge dotted around,  all with tubes leading
into a single, misted glass case at the center.
There is a panel of swiches and lever on one wall,
which Yosho walks over to and starts fiddling 
around. Washu bekons to Nobuyuki, Achika
and their two escorts, and then stares at all 7
her work)

Washu: Sugar...spice...and everything...mmmmm...nice. 
It's all the same, for men or women...do you follow?

Achika: No.

Nobuyuki: She's talking about making little girls and 
boys, Achika.

Achika: Oh! So that's how you do it...I've often 
wondered...

Washu: I wonder...can I offer you something refreshing?

Nobuyuki: Yes please.

Washu: No, I'm afraid your wrong. I can't right now...
look, I'm in my operating gown. How dare you suggest
that I mess with drinks at a time like this- no
one should touch alcohol when they are about to
perform a delicate operation.

Nobuyuki: I'm sorry...I...

Washu: No, don't worry. Yosho! 

(Yosho comes up with three large drinks,
one of which Washu finishes with a single
gulp)

Washu: Anyway. How delightful to have fresh...
faces around the place. Ayeka, Ryoko- go and 
assist Yosho. I will entertain...

Nobuyuki: Nobuyuki Masaki.

Washu: NOBuyuki-SAN!

Nobuyuki: And this is my finacee Achika Yurai.

Achika: JURAI.

Washu: I prefer the first one, actually. 
Well...how nice. And what charming inadvertant
reactions you have to my presence.

(Nobuyuki tries to cover himself)

Washu: Here...put these surgical gowns on. They
will make you feel less...pressured.

(She gives them some gowns which are several sizes
too small, but they put them on anyway) 

Washu: We don't often recieve guests here...let
alone show them whore...spitality.

Nobuyuki: HOSPITALITY! All we wanted was to use your
phone! A reasonable request which you have
chosen to ignore!

Achika: Don't be ungrateful Nobuyuki!

Nobuyuki: UNGRATEFUL!!!

Washu: My...how forceful you are Nobuyuki. Such
a perfect example of manhood. So...DOMINANT!
You must be very proud of him, Achika.

Achika: Well...yes I am.

Washu: Tell me Nobuyuki...do you watch any Hentai? 

Nobuyuki: CERTAINLY NOT!

Washu: Oh well (turning to Achika) What about you?

Achika: (giggles)

Yosho: We are ready my mistress...we only await
your...PRESENCE.

Washu: Ah yes! Tonight, Nobuyuki and Achika, you
are to witness a new breakthrough in confetionary-
energy transference, and paradise is to be MINE!

Achika: How...wonderful for you.

Washu: Yes! It was strange how it happened...one
of those moments when everything is black...your
back is against the wall, you panic...your trapped...
there's no way out...and even if there were it
would probably be a one-way ticket to the bottom
of the bay...
Then suddenly- you get a break! All the pieces
seem to fit into place. What a sucker you've 
been...what a fool! The answer was there 
all the time...but it took a small accident 
to make it happen. An accident.

Trio: AN ACCIDENT!!!!

Washu: That's how I discovered it! Yes...I was so
sad I started overeating and then I found the
truth in that old rhyme...the key to life
itself is...CHOCOLATE! 

(The machines starting humming, and some 'fear
of god' music starts playing in the background)

Wahsu: Now! Yosho- step up
the switches on the sweet-oscillation machines
and step up the candidator power...THREE...MORE
...POINTS!

Achika: Oooooooooo....!

Nobuyuki(totally terrified): IT'S ALRIGHT ACHIKA!

(All the different candy starts flowing into the
glass cases, filling up a mould which is shaped 
like a teenage boy. Washu uses a lighening rod
to pour electrical power all over the room,
which Nobuyuki and Achika have to duck, and which
bakes the mould into a solid form. The boy
comes to life, and it is...TENCHI! He looks extremly
worried, and takes a sword from his side. While 
doing battle with Yosho and running from Ryoko, Ayeka
and Washu all at the same time, he sings:)

("The Master Key")

Washu: Really...that's no way to behave on your
first day out.

Tenchi: Well...nobody's perfect. But I think
you could have given me a few more muscles...

Washu: You have been created using the GREATEST
of inner strength...and now, my lovely little boy,
you are ready for the ULTIMATE test!

Tenchi: Ohdear.

Washu: You know what I mean. Well, Nobuyuki, Achika- 
what do you think?

Achika: Well, I don't like men who are that young...

Washu: I DIDN'T MAKE HIM....FOR YOU!!!! He carries
beauty and power...on the inside...

("I Can Make You Ascend")
(Suddenly, a red battle suit bursts out of the 'deep
freeze chamber', and flies around aimlessly a bit
before landing and revealing...Mihoshi! Who sings...)
("Gosh Golley, Hokey Pokey"
Mihoshi jumps out of the suit wearing a fluffy
pink cabaret suit and dances around, dangerously
on the gantry over the caramel vats while singing. 
Ayeka follows her round, kissing and whipping her 
alternately. Obviously they were quite close.)

Washu(throws Mihoshi into the vat of carmel as
she sings the last line): Get in there!

Mihoshi: (Screams more)

Ayeka: (sobs and screams)

Washu: You enjoyed it last time...maybe becuase
then it wasn't boiling hot! If you drink it
all maybe you'll live...so it's a choice between
delicious sticky death and fat thighs! Ahaha!

(Washu turns back to the crowd as the sound
of Mihoshi's gulping starts in the background)

Washu: One from my chamber, I'm afraid.

Tenchi: (looks really upset)

Washu: Ohh...Tenchi...don't be so sad. It was a mercy
killing, really...the girl was so silly she would
have fallen in if I hadn't pushed her. I just spead
up natures course. But now, we must turn our mind to
other things, mustn't we? Your power comes from
the inside. Mihoshi may have been a good looker 
on the outside...

("I Can Make You Ascend (reprise)"
(After this the wedding march starts up. Tenchi
and Washu go into rooms marked 'Changing
Rooms', and Tenchi comes out wearing underwear
whereas Washu has 'changed' into her adult for
and nurse costume. The two go into Washu's (all green)
bridal chamber, and the doors close on the site of
her forcing Tenchi into a hug where he is nearly
suffocated between her breasts)
(Scene shifts to Kagato's quaters)

Kagato: Some say that life is an illusion, and
that reality, as we know it, is no more real than
a animated cartoon on television. But there are some 
who have a far more...physical philiosophy. Those
to whom emotions have ceased to have any value and
whose 'research' is carried out by any means 
necessary...

(In Nobuyuki's (all blue) bedroom, a curtain stirs)

Nobuyuki: Hello? Whose there?

Achika: It's just me, Nobuyuki.

("Achika" climbs into bed with Nobuyuki and
starts kissing him.)

Achika: Oh yes...yes, my darling...

Nobuyuki: Oh,oh...oh...it alright Achika...
everythings gonna be alright...

Achika: Oh, I hope so my DARLING...just
let me get this beaker...

(Nobuyuki is going to kiss Achika again...
but her wig falls off and reveals Washu.)

Nobuyuki: YOU!

Washu: I'm afraid so, Nobuyuki- but I have
to get my samples some how, don't I

Nobuyuki: Wh..what have you done with

Washu: Nothing...yet!

Nobuyuki: Why you...you tricked me! I wouldn't have...

Washu: I know. But it wasn't all bad was it? Not
really even half bad...in fact I think you
found it quite...pleaseurable? So soft...
so sensual...

Nobuyuki: Oh no...oh, stop...oh Achika! 
Uh uh uh...ACHIKA!

Washu: Shh! Achika's asleep now...do you want her
to see you like this?

Nobuyuki: Like this? Like how?

Washu: Like this!

Nobuyuki: Oh! It's your fault...your to blame! 

Washu: Oh, admit it! It WAS an enjoyable experience,
wasn't it? And there's no crime in giving yourself
over to pleasure, is there? Unless of course you
wear one of...WHAT?!! You WERE wearing one!

Nobuyuki: Hah! I bet you thought you'd won there!

Washu: Why you....I'LL TEACH YOU A LESSON!

(Washu storms out, leaving Nobuyuki to get
chaged into his blue dressing gown)
(In Achika's (all pink) bedroom, the curtain stir)

Achika: Hello? Whose there?

Nobuyuki: It's just me Achika.

("Nobuyuki" climbs into bed with Achika and
starts kissing her.)

Achika: Oh yes...yes, my darling...

Nobuyuki: Oh,oh...oh...it alright Achika...
everythings gonna be alright...

Achika: Oh, I hope so my DARLING...

Nobuyuki: Just let me get this beaker...

(Nobuyuki is going to kiss Achika again...
but his wig falls off and reveals Washu.)

Achika: YOU! OH NO! NO!

Washu: I'm afraid so, Achika- but there's
more than one kind of sample, you know!

Achika: Wh..what have you done with Nobuyuki?

Washu: Nothing...yet!

Achika: Why you...you tricked me! I wouldn't have...

Washu: I know. But it wasn't all bad was it? Not
really even half bad...in fact I think you
found it quite...pleaseurable? So soft...
so sensual...

Achika: Oh no...oh, stop...oh Nobu! Uh uh uh...NOBU!

Washu: Shh! Nobuyuki's asleep now...do you want him
to see you like this?

Achika: Like this? Like how?

Washu: Like this!

Achika: Oh! It's your fault...your to blame! 

Washu: Oh, admit it! It WAS an enjoyable experience,
wasn't it? And there's no crime in giving yourself
over to pleasure, is there? 

Achika: N..no...

Washu: Unless of course you forget to wear one of these.

(There is a noise like a cork coming out of a bottle
as Washu removes...something from the recesses of
her...er..."happy kit")

Washu: Oh Achika! You've wasted so much time already!
Nobuyuki won't know...I won't tell him!

Achika: Are...you...sure...you...won't...tell him?

(Suddenly the speakerphone comes on and Yosho's
voice is broadcast on it)

Yosho: Mistress! The bridal suit is empty...
Tenchi has vanished. Your knew playmate is
loos and somewhere in the building!

Washu: Oh damn...what a...ohmygod...COMING!!!

(Washu runs off and leaves Achika alone in her
bed. She runs up to the bridal suit, still
putting on her green gown, where she finds Ayeka
and Yosho. She quickly grabs Ayeka's whip,
and gives Yosho what for.)

Yosho: Arrrggg! Mercccyyyy!

Washu: How did it happen?! I understood YOU
were to be watching him! 

Yosho: I was only away for a moment.

Washu: See if you can find him on the monitor!
Oh, Tenchi...Tenchi...

Yosho: I have located him, Mistress...in 
the main laboratory...

(Yosho, Ayeka and Washu all look at the monitor,
where they see Achika wandering...)
(Achika is feeling very bad about what she 
has done...she goes walking and goes into
the Grand Lift, and then into the main lab, where
she kneels on the floor near the Honey vat and
half speaks, half sobs) 

Achika: What's happening here?
Where's Nobuyuki? Where's anybody!
Oh,if only we hadn't made this journey! 
If only the car hadn't exploded! 
If only we were amongst freinds...or 
non-perverted people!

Kagato: If and only. Two small words that repeated 
themselves over and over again in Achika's head. 
But it was too late to turn back now. It was if 
she was in the throes of a giant tidal wave of 
guilt...the only was to deal with it would be
to aim straight for the eye of the storm. 
To adapt, to change, and perhaps...to forgive?

Achika: I'm engaged to Nobuyuki! Just like
Bulma was engaged to Vegeta! Oh...but Washu's
kisses filled me with an ecstasy I'd
never dreamed of...I could see Nobuyuki in
front of me and I thought...no! But my lips
were hungry...too hungry... Oh! Nobuyuki! How
could I have done this? Oh what have they
done with you?

(Nobuyuki steps in, also looking sad
and guilty, wearing his blue gown)

Achika: Nobuyuki! I thought Washu said that 
you were sleeping...oh no!

Nobuyuki: Achika! When did you talk to
Washu?

Achika: Er...I just happened to meet
her on the stairs a second ago...I...

Nobuyuki: She didn't come to you for
a sample too, did she? When she came to
I was protected against it, natuarally...so- did she?

Achika: Well...no...I mean...

Nobuyuki: Oh dear. Thank God neither of us gave her 
one...so to speak.

Achika: Er...well...I...

Nobuyuki: You mean you did!? 

Achika: Er...

Nobuyuki: HOW COULD YOU?

Achika: Oh, I'm so sorry...

Nobuyuki: I should...

(There is a creak as the lift opens)

Achika: Oh no! Quick, Nobu-san-
behind here!

(Achika pulls Nobuyuki into a hiding place behind
a honey vat. Ryoko comes in, looking worried.)

Ryoko: Hello? Is anybody there?

(She goes to the glass tank, where there
is a sobbing sound.) 

Ryoko: Tenchi? Is that you?

(She takes off the red silk cover to find Tenchi
cowering inside.)

Ryoko: You poor thing! Did they do this 
to you?

Tenchi: Yes...they said I ought to go before
Washu beat me...

Ryoko: Oh! They'll pay for this...but first
I'll dress your wounds...

(She rips off a bit of her skirt to help
Tenchi who has whip mark all over
him...and he looks very scared indeed)

Kagato: Emotion- an imbalance in the glands
leading to a harsh or fevered state of mind.
It can be an irrational and powerful master...
and from what Nobuyuki and Achika witnessed
from their hiding place in the main lab,
Ryoko was quite clearly...it's salve!

("Tencha-Tencha-Tencha-Tenchi")

(After Ryoko finishes singing, a sob is
heard. But Tenchi and Ryoko are way past
noticing anything other than...each other.
Then a shadow moves across the wall and into
the dining chamber.)

Nobuyuki: My god? Who was that?

Achika: I don't know...it looked like
a little girl! 

Nobuyuki: I'll go and see who it was...

Achika: Oh, Nobuyuki! Don't leave me!

Nobuyuki: You'll be okay...those two won't wake up
for a long time.

(Nobuyuki goes into the dining room-
it has a huge table stretching on to
infinity, with a lot of red roses on
every wall. In the room is Sesami...ne,
Pretty Sammy, and Ryo-Ohki...)

Kagato: Nobuyuki, being in the fevered state
he was, cared not if his love was scared in
not. However, as soon as he saw the strange
apparition in the dining room, accompanied
by her odd pet, the father in his heart
came alive. It was indeed a little girl who
had been in the Lab, and she looked lost
and confused...

(Nobuyuki sings, and comforts Pretty Sammy
who is about to cry. He hugs her and strokes
her hair, like, as Kagato says, a father)
("Sweet Little Child")

Sammy: How wonderful for you to sing like that
for me...now I will grant you the same favour
I did for Ryoko and Tenchi!

Nobuyuki: What's that?

Sammy: I will show you forgiveness...and love
for each other again...

(Sammy raises her wand-thing and zaps Nobuyuki.
His eyes immediately light up and he goes back
to Achika.) 

Achika: Oh, oh...Nobuyuki! I feel such a strange
sensation...I...I'm sorry!

Nobuyuki: It's okay Achika. I was wrong too...
I forgive you. Now- shall we...?

Achika: Oh yes! Yes! Yes!

(They pull a bit the cover away from Ryoko and Tenchi
for themselves when...Washu comes in! All four lovers
get up and look very sheepish. Yosho and Ayeka
follow Washu in, looking shifty.)

Washu: So! My own flesh and blood betrays me by
defiling my little boy and my two guests prefer
EACH OTHER to me!!!! What an Earth is going on!?
Oh, Tenchiiiii! How COULD YOU?!

(But before Washu can explode Yosho sees something
on the monitor of the front gate)

Yosho: Mistress...we have a visitor...
in a G.P. uniform!

(Achika notices it too)

Achika: Miss Kiyone! Kiyone Makibi...our old teacher!

Yosho: You know this dy...

Washu and Ayeka: Hissss!

Yosho:This...woman?

Washu: So! This wasn't simply a chance meeting! You
came here with a special purpose!

Nobuyuki: That's not true! Our car broke down...I told 
you!

Washu: I know what you TOLD me, Nobuyuki! But this 
Kiyone Makibi is not unknown to me! She is, I believe, 
a law enforcement officer attached to....THE VICE SQUAD?
Isn't that right, Achika?

Achika: Er...she may be...I don't know!

Yosho: The lady is entering the building, mistress!

Washu: Ah! She's in...the senshi room!
Well, since you refuse to admit your part in
this plot, we shall discuss this over dinner! 
Yosho, Ayeka- bring Kiyone here. Considering the
current situation, formal dress...or any at all...
is to be optional!

Kagato: Food has always been an important event in
human history...the breaking of bread, the last
meal of a condemned man such as mys...well, that
matters not. All that matters is that, informal
as these proceedings might have been, it was sure
that there was to be little in the way of 'bonami'...

(At the huge dining table everyone is crowded
ridiulously at one end. Yosho and Ayeka go 
around distributing wine and meat.)

Washu(with forced niceness): A toast- to absent 
freinds.

All: To absent freinds.

Washu: And...to Tenchi. Happy birthday to you, 
happy brithday to you...

All: Happy birthday dear Tenchiiii...
Happy birthday to...

Washu(cutting them off): Shall we?

(They start eating the meat)

Kiyone: So, Washu- what on Earth is happening here?
What happened to the lab we were just in...and
what am I doing here eating dinner with you? 

Washu: Come now, Kiyone...enjoy your food. 
What do you suppose I am going to do to spoil
your meal?

Kiyone: *I* suppose you intend to do with us...as you
did with Mihoshi!

Trio: Hisss!

Washu: Ssh! What do you know of Mihoshi, Miss Kiyone?

Kiyone: I happen to know a great deal about a lot of 
things. You see, Mihoshi just so happens to be my ex 
female partner!

Nobuyuki:(extremely shocked) Miss Kiyone!

Kiyone: Yes, Nobuyuki. I'm sorry to spring it on you 
like this...I knew she loved me like a sister and a 
freind, but when I found out she was here
I knew it was worse than I imagined....LESBIANS!

Trio: Hisss!

Nobuyuki: Tell them, Kiyone...

("Mihoshi's Kareoke")

Washu: Say a little prayer for Mihoshi. But now...
would anyone like any...pudding? 

(Yosho passes around some caramel drenched sponge cake.
Kiyone pulls out a hair from hers.)

Kiyone: Eugh! What's this...it's...blonde!

(Kiyone and Ayeka stare at the hair, and their
eyes fill with tears. Ryoko looks very sick.)

Ayeka: Would you excuse us...Mistress Washu?

Washu: Very well.

(Ryoko and Ayeka go outside. Kiyone keeps
on sitting.)

Ayeka and Ryoko: NOOOOOOOO!!!!!! OH NO-OO-OOO!
ARRGGGGGGGG!!!! (screechs and screams)

(Then suddenky Ryo-Ohki bursts in and yowls at
Washu. She tries to attack her with a spoon, but 
Ryo-Ohki pulls off the table cloth and reveals...
a pit of heaving tentacles!
Then she bound off into the shadows and Sammy
collects her)

Sammy (whuspering): Good girl, Ryo-Ohki!

Washu: Alright! Enough of this romancing...get them!

(Four tentacles dive out and grab Tenchi, Kiyone, 
Achika and Nobuyuki. Ayeka returns looking
stoney faced, followed by an upset Ryoko)

Kiyone: My legs! I can't move my legs!

Nobuyuki: My...oh my god, I can move my...

Achika: Arggg! The tentacles have tied us to the 
floor!

Washu: Exactly- so quake with fear, you tiny fools!
Yosho, set the Washu-nator on setting 50,
secure all tentacles at 'rampant'!

Tenchi: Oh noooooo!

Ayeka: Silence or you will be punished!

Kiyone: You won't find the G.P. quite
the soft touch that you imagine, Washu!
This Washu-nator...it is, I suppose, some
kind of mentally-directed, mind altering, 
brainwashing device?

Washu: You'd better believe it, Kiyo honey!

Nobuyuki: You mean!!??

Kiyone: Yes, Nobuyuki. It's a device we have been 
working on ourselves for some time, but it seems
our little Washu has found a way of perfecting
it- a device which is capable of making anyone 
passive and unable to think for themselves, totally 
in the command of the controller!

Achika: You mean we'll all end up brain dead 
like that poor Mihoshi creature?

("Creature Feature")
(At the end of this the tentacles drag our heroes
down into the pit while Ayeka keeps on singing,
unaware that the music has stopped.)

Washu: Ayeka, cool it baby.

(Ayeka carries on singing)

Washu: Alright Yosho- give her...the gas!

(Yosho brings out a laughing gas backpack
and sprays pink gas into the air at his finacee)

Ayeka: (sings until stopping abruptly and screeching)
YOW! YOUCH! WOW! WOOOOOHOO!

Washu: Ryoko, my sweet- our performers are
down in the pit being painlessly paralysed and...
seen to right now. When that has been done, be
a good girl and see that they are prepared for 
the floorshow.

Ryoko: Oh god I can't take any more of this! We
come to this planet full of good hopes and you
just mess around! I really hate to say this, Mum...
but you always spoil everything!! You won't even
let me have a boyfreind! IT'S SO UNFAIR!!!!!

(Another Tentacle comes out of the pit and drags
Ryoko in)

Washu: It's not easy having a family...all my
children turn on me in the end. Tenchi, Ryoko, 
Mihoshi...maybe I made a mistake in running all 
their brains off the same crystal battery...

Ayeka: When do we return to Jurai, Misstress Washu?
The coup is ready and planned...I grow weary and 
a little...sick (thinks of Mihoshi)...of this world.

Washu: Ayeka...I am indeed grateful to both you and
your finacee Yosho. You have both served me well.
Loyalty such as yours shall not go unrewarded...and
you will find that when the mood takes me I can
be very generous.

Ayeka: I ask only my rightful place at the throne of
Jurai.

Washu: Well, I'm sure they still need someone to
polish it. Come- our guests will be growing restless!

Kagato: And so, by an 

(Next time we see Washu she is going through a 
clothes 'shop' built in the castle. She piles 
loads of outlandish clothes on her trolley, and 
then dressed the naked bodies of her 'artistes' 
(who have been paralysed by the tentacles) 
in them- Tenchi and Nobuyuki are dressed as 
kinky doctors, Ryoko, Kiyone and Achika in the 
'operating' gear of equally kinky nurses. They have an
awful lot of sequins and dazzely bits on too, as well 
as a feathed boa, and a VERY long stethescope each. 
Tenchi and Achika are in pink, while Nobuyuki 
and Kiyone are in blue. Ryoko is, like Washu, in
mainly green and white.
Ayeka and Yosho are nowhere to be seen.
Then she sets them up on a stage, where the backbeat 
(which has been playing in the background all this 
time) grows louder and the artistes are complelled
to sing...)
("Ecchis My World")
All five of the artistes do a raunchy dance, pupeteered
by A and B, who are in the lighting deck of the stage. 
After this, the curtains at the back are drawn to an
immense fanfare of bugles, revealing adult Nurse Washu,
in front of a huge 'Pioneer' eye symbol.
She bekons Ryoko to join her. The two of them start 
singing "Don't Fight It, Write It", and prepare to dive 
into two opposite hot spring pools.
The diving boards extend slowly, and when they jump in,
the other four are released from their 'strings' and
go to get in to.
Tenchi and Kiyone go and join Ryoko, while Achika
and Nobuyuki go to Washu. They all start kissing, 
licking, biting, nibbling, carassing, sucking, hugging, 
stroking, fondeling and undressing each other under the 
water.
Then, as they finish, Washu leaps out of the water (now
even less clad than before) and starts singing
"Child With An Unnamed Pain". The others join in, in a
can-can leg kicking type dance. But suddenly- Yosho
bursts in with Ayeka in traditional Jurain gear,
with their Light Hawk Wings up and the Tenchi-Ken 
alight. Behind them, in the lobby, they have landed
Tsunami, whose landing platform is lowered)

Kiyone: My god! That's a sword!

Yosho: Yes, Miss Kiyone- a sword capable of destroying
even the greatest swordsmen in the galaxy!

Washu: No! Wait! I can...explain...

(Ryoko and Tenchi turn the stage light on Washu,
who sings "I'm On My Own")

Yosho: Well, Washu...it would seem you are not
quite alone. In fact we have another prisioner 
in the ship who you may be...familiar with.

Washu: What? Who?

(Washu runs into the ship. Inside she finds 
a small room with a library of books, a desk, 
a globe and a lamp. A strange energy feild glows 
around the whole area. Kagato is sitting at the
desk.)

Washu: Kagato! Your here! But...how?

Kagato: Well, Washu...you could say I've been
here all along. Will going to jail 
be quite so unpleasent...now that your with me?

Washu: You beast! I left to get away from you...
but...

(Washu looks back outside, seeing her daughter with
Tenchi)

Washu: Now Ryoko has found a home here...I guess
I could give you another try.

Kagato: Thankyou...my darling.

(Outside)

Nobuyuki: But what WAS her evil plan for a coup?

Kiyone: Don't worry about details Nobuyuki...you
saw what became of Mihoshi. Knowing too much is
sometimes dangerous.

Yosho: Exactly, Miss Kiyone...by the way I'm
sorry about Miss Mihoshi...

Kiyone: It's...it's okay by me. 

(There are some groaning sounds with an echoy quality
in the background)

Achika: Wh...what's that?

Nobuyuki: It sounds like it's coming from...THE CARAMEL
VAT!

(They all go off to the caramel vat, which is indeed
the souce of the noises, and they drag out and 
exceedingly plump Mihoshi with caramel all over her 
face and down her cheeks. She can't even speak, since 
there is still caramel in her mouth. Kiyone looks half 
exhasperated, half relieved.)

Kiyone: Oh, Mihoshi...

Mihoshi: Mphmmm mphmmy Kiyone...

Ayeka:(stepping forward and taking out her whip) 
Overeating again! You must be 
punished for this, my beautiful Mihoshi!

Kiyone: You keep your hands off her, Ayeka!

Yosho:  Yes, my darling...you and I still have our 
marriage to see to.

Ayeka: (Remembering embarrassedly) Oh, yes of course 
Yosho my dearest half-brother! I had fortgotten in the 
context of all of Washu's (she shudders) fevered 
lesbianism. I was worried that we would never be 
together.

Yosho (turning to the others): Tenchi, Ryoko...Miss 
Kiyone, Nobuyuki and Achika. You must leave before it 
is too late. Our blast off may destroy this old 
place...

Kiyone: Okey dokey. 

(They all go off, leaving Yosho and Ayeka.
All we hear is, as Kiyone leaves supporting
Mihoshi, her saying "to tell you the truth...
I always preffered larger women..."
Yosho and Ayeka go into the ship, where
Washu and Kagato are locked up in the study
together looking through old photo albums, and
being very happy. Yosho starts off the auto-
launch procedure with the Tenchi-Ken, and the
rotors start whirring loudly.)

Yosho: Our noble mission is almost complete my
most beautiful half-sister...and soon we will
return to our beloved planet!

Ayeka: Ah...sweet Jurai...land of pom-pom clothing
pink hair...to sing and dance once more to your
light refrain...to put once more my hand on your
hilt...

Yosho: But it's the forward thrust!

All: That really deep fries your brai-ai-ai-in!

Ayeka: And soon...our world will do The Light Hawk
Again!!!!

(The ship launches off, and, as Yosho suspected,
the old house is destroyed as it takes off,
leaving Nobuyuki holding Achika, Kiyone holding
Mihoshi, and Ryoko holding Tenchi all in a big
cloud of steam. Achika, Nobuyuki and Kagato sing:
"Super Siayans")
(Then they all start to 'kiss and make up'
as the steam closes in, leaving only Ayekas lips
to sing us:
"Martial Lemon-Anime Expo (reprise)")

THE END


Well, I have to say I enjoyed writing that.
I like something a little sexy, and I love the
original show...it took sometime to arrange it
all so, with the weird character roles, there
was no inter-family perversions like in
the original, which leads to this kind of reaction:

Diabolo (on seeing Riff-Raff biting Magenta):
	Dude! She's your SISTER!

And, also unlike the original, it has quite a happy 
ending. Cool, eh?
I would love some feedback on the whole thing so
any C&C you have can go to
comageddon@ntlworld.com
Thanks for reading-
Yrs.
Jim 'Diabolo' Moore