Dislclaimer: The whole Tenchi gang are
property of worshipful puppeteers AIC
and Pioneer (Ohm, ohm, praise to the gods,
ohm) and not me becuase they got there
first. What happened was, I was on the
way to the patent office on the same 
day when I was distracted by a talking
cat, and a WOULD have owned Tenchi if
I hadn't phoned Ripley's...

Anyway- this is an ORIGINAL (gasp!) song
and not a parody. It is a Tango-tempo
firey song sung by the whole Tenchi crew,
and I hope you enjoy it-

		   THE TENCHI TANGO

Yosho:
When castonets and roses dream of dances in the skies
When the star dust and the moonlight guide a path that never lies
When girls fall from the night as if they were drops of rain
When they all conspire to make one young boy go totally insane
And when you see extremes of love and the same extremes of pain
You must dance the Tenchi Tango all night long!

Mihoshi:
You know that when your taken over by the rhythm in your feet
You can't sit still, your lips and mouth unconnected in a seat
'Cos be it man or be it woman who puts the drum into your beat
You will dance the Tenchi Tango all night long!

Ayeka:
When the length of love's sweet offering are wearing slightly thin
I must conspire against my hurt to give you my discipline
Feel the softness and the moistness of my warm unbroken skin
As we feel the Tenchi Tango all night long!

Funaho: I can see as that though your blood is red,
You face seems like it's whitened

Sesami: It may seem a little painful, but your horizons
will be brightened

Tsunami: I'm a god but I still feel weight on me-
And by love that can be lightened

Misaki: As I step closer do not be scared of my smile
It's of my dancing you need be frightened!
Ole! Reeeeeeeeeiya! (whip crack)

Ryoko:
When the paths of fate are open and the dance begins to rise
Then you gaze at me so softly and see the love inside my eyes
And you look a little closer at the fire in my thighs
We will dance that Tenchi Tango all night long!

Kiyone:
The ice upon my being has melted at the seams
And I feel the molten liquid of it pouring into my dreams
And it really doesn't matter which way a person leans
If you dance the Tenchi Tango all night long!

Nagi: A battle or dance is the same pounding tune
And old eneimes can be united

Washu: Science can hold the key to so much,
But on the horizon it's passion I sighted

Tokimi: The firey desire in the breast of
all motals and gods can soon be re-lighted

Azusa:
You may think that I'm lauging because I'm insane-
But I'm laughing because I'm exited!
Ahahahahahahahaha!!! (castonets click)

Nobiyuki:
When old flames and new romances set the candles' fire alight
And the tempo starts to guide your and the heat feel so very right
And you don't know how to lose but against it you cannot fight-
What other purpose has the velvet, starry night?
Just dance the Tenchi Tango all night long!

All:
Move with the rythm feel your pulse getting faster,
With a phallic suggestion in Kiyone's huge blaster
And Yosho as empowered as a Jedi Master!
Do that Tenchi Tango all night long!

Tenchi:
When I get up in the morning with warmth within my head
And I look slowly around me at the women in my bed
I think about what I have done and realise that I am dead
Because I danced the Tenchi Tango all night long!

Well, as I said I hope you enjoyed that a lot
(at least as much as a talking cat enjoys
being on Ripley's Beleive It or Not)
If there's any characters you feel should 
get a verse who haven't got a verse, then
please e-mail me and look out for my other stuff,
good wishes to all-
Yrs.
Jim 'Diabolo' Moore
coamgeddon@ntlworld.com