Tenchi’s Interview
“I hope I’m not late for my interview,” Tenchi said
running down a long hall.  He runs into a door with
the words ‘Japanese Animation' on it.  “This must be
it.”  He walks in and notices the people interviewing
him.  He sees Vegita, Pikachu, Sailor Venus, and Duo
Maxwell.  (Now starts the interview)

Duo Maxwell: Hi, I’m Duo Maxwell, call me Duo.  Have a
seat.

Vegita: Do you know how late you were?  I should kill
you right now.

(Tenchi starts to sweat)

Mina a.k.a. Sailor V: Don’t mind him, he’s always like
that.  We have your resume here to start your own
show.  You live in house next to a shrine run by your
grandfather, uh he he.  What happens in your show?

Tenchi: I’m supposed to figure that out?  Oops.  Well…

Vegita: We waist our time comin’ here we ain’t gotta
do anything else for you.  You tell us your crap, we
either approve or not approve , and then we get the
hell outta this dump and get some coffee.

Pikachu: (looking at Vegita) Pika, pika, pika, cha,
chu pikachu, pika cha

Vegita: (looking down) Yes sir, as you wish

Duo: So we also got your form that you got, filled
out, then sent:

‘Name: Tenchi Masaki
Wish of Show name: Tenchi
Desired salary: $185,000 a year plus stock options and
a Michael Ovitz-style severance package.  If that's
not possible then make an offer and we can haggle.
Working hours desired: My show time
What would you probably be doing in 20 years: Probably
fighting my grandfather
Who do you live with: My dad, grandfather, and a whole
load of girls.
Where do you live: Japan, outskirts
Have you received any special awards or recognition: I
may already be a winner of the Publishers
Clearinghouse Sweepstakes.
How old are you: How old do you think I am
Anything else that you might want us to know about
you: Yeah, I am 1/8 Jurain, all the girls living with
me are alien, and I can activate Light Hawk Wings.’

Vegita: I can activate a Final Flash on your ass.

Tenchi: Ok.  I still don’t have a plot of my story.

Duo Maxwell: He’s from space like all of us, guys

Pikachu: Pika, pika, pika, pikachu

Mina: …that is, all of us except Pikachu

Everybody except Vegita and Tenchi huddle up.

Vegita: So, you live with alien girls.

Tenchi: Yeah.

Vegita: Why don’t you have a show on how they all hit
on you?

Tenchi: Um, that wouldn’t be much of a story

Vegita: They probably hit on you already, don’t they?

Tenchi: That’s none of your business

The huddle broke out.

Pikachu: Pika, pika, pika, pika, pika, pika, pika,
pika

Tenchi: Pika, pika?

Duo: What Pikachu is trying to say is that your show
could be on how…

Vegita: those girls hit on you

Duo: Shut up Vegita

Mina: Pikachu’s trying to say that your show can be on
how you have to fight evil demons and bounty hunters
and stuff of that sort…

Vegita: and have girls hitting on you at the same time

Duo: Shut up Vegita

Mina: Like I was saying, fighting with the alien girls
at you side

Vegita: A little bit lower than your side

Duo and Mina: Shut up Vegita

Duo: Anyways, the girls help you out to defeat space
pirates, evil demons, and thing of that sort

Tenchi: Sounds great

Duo: Ok, we wrote up the basic plot and this machine
makes an even better and bulkier plot.

Duo put the piece of paper in the machine.  Just
before the machine took in all of it, Vegita ran over
and wrote something on it.

Machine: Confirmed

Duo looked at Vegita strangely.

Duo: This machine also tells us our part in making it.

Machine: Duo is Director, Mina is prop designer,
Pikachu is camera mon, and Vegita is script writer.

Vegita: Yes

Duo, Mina, and Tenchi: Ahhhh

Pikachu: Pika

1 hour later *****

Vegita: Well I got our first episode figured out.
That one girl, um, Ryoko.

Ryoko: Yes

Vegita: Ok you fly down while Mihoshi follows, then
you hit on him.  After he boards up the house, you hit
on him some more, then more girls come as the plot
thickens.  More girls for Tenchi to get hit on with.
I’ll make the script don’t worry

Tenchi: oh jeez, this is not good at all

Ayeka: When do I come in Lord Vegita

Vegita: While Ryoko is hitting on Tenchi, Mihoshi
makes a distress signal.  You get it and you come to
save Mihoshi.  While Ryoko is hitting on Tenchi, you
come and hit on him some.  You fly to space and so
does Ryoko.  You guys fight and both land on earth
again, stranded, you both hit on Tenchi.  Mihoshi
decides to also hit on Tenchi.

Tenchi: Uh oh.  Why did Vegita get the job of story
telling???!?!

As Vegita tells the whole story out, the girls get
more into doing it.  Vegita finishes his story.

Ayeka, Mihoshi, Kiyone, Ryoko, Sasami, and Washu:
Yeah, that'll be great

Tenchi: Oh man

Not The End
Author's comments: I was really bored when I wrote
this so don't get mad.  If you want to say something
to me e-mail me at royalteardrop@yahoo.com.  That's
all.