DISCLAIMER: AIC and Pioneer own these
characters, as if you didn't know.

I mean, why would I contribute
FAN fiction if I did own them...?

These Diaclaimers really make no sense...

...diddy doo, doo doo doo....

...boo...doo...noo....

...

...

...where was I?

Oh yeah-
Eminem wrote the original song.

Here is yet another parody of mine,
if an often overlooked Eminem song called
Marshall Mathers. It took a lot of work to
make it even vaugly decent, and I still 
ended up taking the mickey out of AIC and
Pioneer. I suppose it's just because 
they rhyme so well with other things.
Sorry to all about the content- it's not
my best, especially when I was reduced to
swearing.
Anyhow, here it is- about the cost
of fame and downfall

Tenchinem a.k.a. The Real Shin Tenchi's-
TENCHI MASKAI

You know I just don't get it
Last seriese I was somebody
Last year I was fightin' demons
And every girl came around like I loved em or somethin'
Now just look at me...
On the dole queue
Thanks, AIC

You see I'm...
Just Tenchi Masaki
I'm a normal guy who's half Jurai
All this mess about me...
Didn't know about my past before
I never even thought about me...
Now every woman wants to go down south
And try to hit on me...

Yo, you might see me trainin'
Or you might see me fightin'
You might see me fightin'
My old Grandfather  
With his hair chopped off by the shrine
With a light hawk, screamin' 'what's my line?' 
at him Cos the dumb old fool won't give me a break,
Or leanin' out of a space ship window with cocked...what is it?
Jackin' up the rock in the bed where I touched Ryoko's tit
Lookin' fot BIG baddies
Dressin like pimp Daddies
Green and brown striped faces, like I don't know how sad it is
It's almost as sad as that punk Vegeta and Ryoko saying 'wazzup!'
Shes's messed up, cause Kagato and Washu just locked her up
Watchin' all these spin-off seieses mess up the story line
And get dollars for just being a sex-god or a sick pup
And amidst all this butt kickin' and bad luck
I'm somehow supposed to know whose got an A and whose got a D cup
But I have to walk around with an empey bottle of Saki
Startin fights like some tall dark haired Yugi (Hey, Sakura!)
I'm anti Pioneer and AIC
Since the sacked me and unpacked me I can't get work even in NYC
Those bastards can't write and Salior Scouts don't arouse me 
What's that, I be can on DBZ?
Gimme back my job back, suckers
All I see is more crap anime f**kers
What even happened to innuendo about gay truckers?
What ever happened to everyone being half-naked Hantias,
Gettin pants and shirt ripped off by people claimin' 
they need to know the size?
Cardcaptors has a good theme, but that's all it's got
Cutey Honey and Dirty Pair, I just hope they all rot
I can't wait till I find if Team Rocket are nobbing or not-
Imma bet they do it lot (UH UH UH)


Kagato ain't nice, and he don't like me
He said he'd kick my ass twice nightly
Then he was killed when I just hit him lightly (Ha ha)
A bunch of girls all wanna just lay me 
Runnin' round screamin, 'you don't have to pay me!'
I think I was put here to keep the world waitin'
For month and years, just to see who I'll be matin'
Plus I was put here to get spears
And shotguns up the ends of AIC and Pioneer
Who call themselves 'Companies' just cos' I was made here
'Put a disclaimer in, or we'll come sue your behind-POW!'
Claimin' your gods, when the fans do the writin' now
And I don't work but I'll knock all you execs. the hell out
I'll show you what a good Anime is all about
After you packed my bags and kicked me out
Look down and switch your priorities back round
Look at you, re-writing the story arc again
When you ain't even finished the last nine or ten
And I don't need a contract
>From you two
To write up
A new OVA
When Scieon is doin' his best
With fan stuff
And he don't need pay
Shin Tenchi? Your damn right Shin Tenchi
But I don't get beat like you cos the fans never lynch me


Cos I'm
Just Tenchi Masaki...
I'm not some super-stud guy
Come and see me if you think I'm lyin'
If you girls wanna pout at me,
And if you wanna go dowm south
Then come and take a good look at me...

Is it because you love me?
That y'all wanna try and kill me
Stop demolishing my house, Jurain bitch, get off me
Go kill Mihoshi
Now because of that girl with the blonde mop
That's just blasted off
With her lesbian lover in that big red ship she's got
I'm for the chop
The choice has narrowed and I've gotta choose 24\7
Not so much heaven as hell in a coffe bar 7 11
Oh you think it's good to have these two beautiful devils?
Well now you try it-least one of em' will try n' kill you
That god damn bitch girl tryin' to blast me away
She wants to be chosen in every fic on the TMFFA
Man, what you want? 50% of the crowd loves you
All you gotta do is mail them and they'll fight to 
wright it for you
Which of you is it- Ayeka or Ryoko?
It doesn't matter...both of you!
Thinkin' bout how to end all of this
I've got so aggravated I just take the piss
So tell me, just what the hell am I supposed to do?
I read the fics myself for solution from all of you
Writers fighting and bendin'
Over who's gonna write the right OVA endin'
I got some 1000 endings sent in (Hey, that's good)
Even some that were better than the original ideas
No thanks Pioneer,
You just made me look queer
The fans are actually getting rowdy and firey 
Tellin' the companies to sell or re-hire me
But I won't set foot in there office now
And to top ot all they never broadcast 'Shin Tenchi'
On Toonami (although it should start up eventually)
Skip to it now, get that seriese on fast-
Or the Tenchi community will bust up your ass!
Ok, lemme give you producers some help
Episodes of Ryoko's love and fics of Clayton Overstreet's
Then the 10' o' clock Assassin to give you some beats
Aw, f**k it, I'll even write some myself...

Cos' I'm
Just Tenchi Masaki
I'm just an Anime whose had his day
All this mess about me...
Nobody ever even watched me before
All the did was shout at me...
Now everybody's writing fics
And tryin' to help out with me...

Because I'm...
Just Tenchi Maskai
I'm just a regular guy whose half Jurai
All this fuss about us...
Nobody even tried to type before 
We were all just luckless...
Now everybody want's to take a guess
At how it ends, so just write your best...

Well, there we go. My thanks goes out to all
mentioned in this song, as well as the millions
of other authors whose fics I have read and 
have complimented, or who I simply
haven't got round to e-mailing yet.
All C&C to
comageddon@ntlworld.com

Jim 'Diabolo' Moore, 2001