From: K'thardin [kthardin@yahoo.com]
Sent: Wednesday, August 09, 2000 7:19 PM
To: ffml@fanfic.com
Subject: [FFML][TENCHI][SPAMFIC/FUSION] Tenchi Muyo: THE MOVIE

A bit of silliness that was proposed on the AFC message board.  Take a scene 
from Tenchi Muyo, and make fun of it, similar to what is done in a bunch of 4 
frame comics and Doujinshi.  Heh, hope you enjoy, though I'm not sure WHERE this 
one came from. ^_^

----------------------------------------------------------------

Hmm...beat on a Tenchi Muyo ep. Heh, sounds like fun. ^_^

Here we go then:

(Kagato about to blast Tenchi on the bridge of the Souja, but then watches as 
Tenchi tosses his sword away ala Luke Skywalker in Return of the Jedi)

(Kagato) So, you're giving up?

(Tenchi) ...

(Ryouko, crawling on the floor, already beaten down and severly weakened by 
Kagato's abosorbtion technology, reaches out to plead with Kagato with tears in 
her eyes, and pain in her voice)

(Ryouko) No please, leave Tenchi out of this! You have everything you want. 
Please...spare him..."

(Kagato grins down at her mockingly)

(Kagato) Does the boy really mean that much to you? Heh, don't worry. You'll be 
with him soon, very soon indeed. He won't be alone in death!

(Ryouko Frantic) NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!"

(A beam of power lances out from Kagato's outstretched hand, to end Tenchi 
Misaki's life. With a loud crashing sounds, and the obligatory smoke screen, the 
beam has apparently done it's job. Grinning our villain turns toward the 
helpless form of Ryouko.)

(Kagato Whispering) Now it's your turn."

(Suddenly a powerful light appears from within the smoke cloud still billowing 
around, which clears to reveal...)

(Kagato increadulous) IMPOSSIBLE!"

(Tenchi standing unscathed with a sphearical orange case, a hole in the center 
showing bright blue glowing crystal, and two hand holds on the sides with finger 
holes in them. From this speaks a voice)

(VOICE OF GOD aka Peter Cullen) ARISE, MISAKIMUS PRIME!

(Tenchi begins to grow larger, more mature; quite a bit like his character 
design in Tenchi Forever if you must know)

(Tenchi in complete and utter wonder)Optimus!

(Kagato screaming in shear terror) NOOO!

(Kagato then lets loose with as much fire power and raw energies as are at his 
disposal, each bouncing off the newly transformed Prime, until one actually 
manages to knock the Matrix loose from his hands.)

(Tenchi in a totally cool and confident pose, points at Kagato, and with a voice 
similar to the one that spoke to him recently he says...)

(Tenchi) Got Milk?

--------------

You may now open fire. ^_-

