Tenchi Tells It All (No Need for Tenchi)
        Tenchi woke up in the middle of the night because of
a disturbing sound.  The sound came from Washu's lab.
Tenchi decided to go see what Washu was doing.  He
carefully opened the door.  He saw Washu mixing
chemicals.  Each time she mixed some chemicals a small
explosion occurred.  Tenchi walked over to Washu and
decided to give her a little scare.  He walked over to
Washu.  Washu put the chemical in a shot/needle
container.  She was about to put the shot down when
suddenly Tenchi jumped up and yelled out, "Ahhhhh!"
This scared Washu out of her mind, "Gaaaaa!".  She
threw the shot up into the air and the needle end came
down onto Tenchi's arm.  "Ow!"
"What are you doing in here Tenchi?!?!?!?!"
"Ow, oh, sorry Washu.  I just wanted to see what you
were doing."
"Tenchi were is the shot?"
"On my arm."
"Ahhhhhhhhh!  I don't even know what it did.  You
could mutate into a huge beast for all I know!"
"Oops."
"Is that all you can say?!?!?  Uhhhhhhh!"
"There's a little bit left in the shot."
"Really?  Good, I can examine it and find out what it
does.  Since I don't know what it does yet, you have
to stay in the lab.  Ok?"
"Ok."
"Now sit down right here."
        Tenchi slowly sits down right where he is standing.
Suddenly, he says something unexpected, "Hey nice
ass."  Washu shocked says, "What did you say?"
"I said you got a nice ass."
"What the hell, I mean thank you, Tenchi."
        Blushing, Washu goes back to work.  The screen pops
up something.  Washu's eyes widen.  Slowly, she turns
around toward Tenchi and says, "Oh, Tenchi, the
computer says that the," she gulps," that the chemical
that was injected into your body makes it so that you
say whatever comes into your mind."
"Oh Nooooooooo!"
"Yeah.  Well, let's see if you survive until I make an
antidote.  In the meantime, GET OUT OF MY LAB AND
NEVER COME BACK!!!!!"
"You bitch, I mean, um, ok."
        Tenchi scampers off out of Washu's lab.  He walks up
the stairs slowly.  Kiyone was sleeping on the couch.
She woke up because she was disturbed by Tenchi
walking.  She saw Tenchi walking up the stairs and
called to him, "Hey Tenchi, why are you awake so
early.  It's 2:07 in the morning."  Tenchi turned his
head and looked at Kiyone and answered, "Oh, I was
awakened by sounds from Washu's lab.  Hey, you look
cute with your hair all messy."  Kiyone, not expecting
such an answer, blushed at what he said.  Tenchi
walked over to her.  He sat down next to her and said,
"Nice breasts."  Kiyone got confused at Tenchi's
behavior.  She blushed even more and said, "Um, are
you ok Tenchi?"
"Actually, Kiyone, Washu accidentally injected
something in my body that makes me say whatever comes
to mind so try not to mind me and don't tell anyone
about what Washu did to me or what I said about you.
Oh, and, uh, you got a nice looking ass in those sleep
clothes.  Not that you don't in your regular clothes
either."
        Kiyone looked at him and bit her lip.  Not knowing
what to say she blurted out, "Well Tenchi, you can
count on me and, uh, thanks for the compliment.  You
want to sleep with me for the rest of the night?"
Tenchi answered, "Yes, absolutely, those breasts are
nice and big!"  Kiyone looked at her breasts, then at
Tenchi.  She bit her tongue and well, you know what
happened next.
        Anyways, the next morning (about 8:00 in the
morning), Tenchi and Kiyone woke up.  They were both
on the one couch.  Kiyone looked at the alarm clock on
the table and saw that it was 8:00, about the time
when everyone wakes up.  Hoping that no one had seen
them together like that, Kiyone quickly pushed Tenchi
up to his room and into his bed.  She ran back
downstairs and jumped onto the couch.  She closed her
eyes as if nothing had happened and pretended to be
asleep the whole time.  Right on cue, Ryoko slowly
walked down like a tired old bum.  Sasami and Mihoshi
moseyed on down to the living room where Kiyone was
"sleeping".  Sasami marched into the kitchen and
started to fix breakfast.  Ayeka walked down the steps
yawning.
        Kiyone pretended to wake up from her "sleep" and got
up.  Everyone thought that Tenchi had woken up early
and had gone to the carrot field, that is, except for
Kiyone.  Kiyone was safe.  Suddenly you could hear
Tenchi yelling from his room, "You damn cabbit, get
away from damnit.  I slave everyday to get you your
ugly carrots so please leave me the hell alone!
DAMN!"  Ryo-ohki came running down the steps and she
jumped on top of Sasami's head.
        Everyone watched as Tenchi casually walked down the
steps.  Ryoko looked at him in an awkward way.  Tenchi
tried to hold it in, but he said, "Ryoko, I don't want
to see your breasts!  Uggg!"  Ryoko started to form
tears in her eyes.  Ayeka then ran over to Tenchi.
She said, "What is the matter lord Tenchi.  You do not
have to be so cruel to Ryoko and Ryo-ohki.  They have
done nothing wrong.  Please let me help you down the
stairs.  I feel it appropriate time to do anything
only when you are pleased."
"Well, well, well," Tenchi said, "It seems as though I
am in a good mood and I have no idea what you are
talking about royal princess.  I don't need help
walking down the stairs.  Come on now, you're too
princess like.  Try to be casual, you know, lay back,
relax for a while.  Oh and, uh, nice ass."
"Excuse me lord Tenchi, what did you say?"
"I said you got a nice butt."
        Kiyone ran up to Tenchi and forced him up the stairs
into his room.  She locked the door and said, "Tenchi,
you gotta try to control yourself.  No one would ever
think that your mind was so bad.  This can't really be
what you're thinking, can it?  Tenchi just try to
control mind a little bit more.  Think of something
else."
"All I think about is you guys because I love all you
girls so much.  I would be no where without you guys.
Lately, I been thinking about you girls so much that I
want to you know choose one of you girls.  And, uh,
last night was awesome.  Anyways, ok, I think about
what you said and try to control myself a little more.
 I'll think about Sasami's great cooking."
"That's better."
        Kiyone and Tenchi walked outside his room and down
the steps.  Ayeka walked up to Tenchi and asked him
something with a weird tone in her voice, "Are you
alright lord Tenchi.  You seem a little, how should I
say it…off."  Tenchi trying to hold in what he was
about to say, said, "Ayeka, please take your clo-"
Kiyone ran up to Tenchi and covered his mouth.  Ayeka
looked at Kiyone and said, "Take your hands off of
lord Tenchi this instant.  I order you."  Kiyone took
her hands off of Tenchi's mouth.  Tenchi then walked
into the kitchen and looked at Sasami.  He was trying
to think of food only.
        Kiyone breathed deeply and was glad that Tenchi
controlled himself for a second.  Kiyone got Ayeka to
sit down and comfort Ryoko.  Kiyone walked into the
kitchen and just as she did, Tenchi said, "You have no
ass Sasami."  Kiyone ran over to Sasami and kicked
Tenchi into a cabinet in the table in the kitchen.
Kiyone hid behind the table and Sasami turned around
to see no one.  Thinking it was no one, Sasami went
back to work.  Kiyone quickly dragged Tenchi out of
the cabinet and into the bathroom.
        Kiyone opened the curtains to the bathtub and found
that Mihoshi was using it!  Tenchi said, "You look
good Mihoshi!"  Kiyone through him into Washu's lab
and ran in also.  Mihoshi was shocked, then as always,
that moment was totally erased from her memory.
        Kiyone realized that she wasn't taking Tenchi away to
stop him from saying that stuff.  She was jealous.
Kiyone started to cry.  Tenchi got up and said,
"Kiyone don't cry.  I love you so much more than all
the others, although I will deny it."  They kissed for
about five minutes.  Then, out of no where, Washu came
into the scene and said, "I'm a genius!  Guess what!"
Both of them looked at her.  Kiyone said, "What?"
Tenchi said, "You found out you have a nice ass."
Washu looked at Tenchi with a look of confusion and
said, "No silly, I got an antidote."  Kiyone looked
surprised and said, "Where?!?!"  Washu said with her
serious voice, "Right here in my hand."  Kiyone
thought for a second and said, "Can you make some
modifications to it?"  Washu looked at Kiyone and
asked, "What kind of modifications?"
        Later that day, Everyone was eating at the table.
Tenchi looked at Ayeka's breasts and didn't say
anything.  Tenchi looked at Mihoshi's nice sized
breasts and said nothing.  He decided to stop and just
eat.
        Later he went up to his room.  Kiyone came in soon
after.  He looked at her breasts and said, "I like
your breasts Kiyone."
"Good, you're gonna have a good look at them, Tenchi."
        Kiyone stripped in front of Tenchi and Tenchi said,
"Nice ass."

Author's note – Please do not get on my case for this
one.  I tried to make it non-lemony (don't get
tongue-twisted).  It didn't really describe to you
anything.  I just got really, really, really bored and
decided to write a Tenchi-Kiyone fic.  My favorite
girl in the show is Kiyone so don't bug me.  If you
liked it, write me at royalteardrop@yahoo.com.  If you
didn't like it, write me at royalteardrop@yahoo.com.
If you have comments, write me at
royalteardrop@yahoo.com.  If you're bored, write me at
royalteardrop@yahoo.com.  If you just want to talk to
someone, write me at royalteardrop@yahoo.com.  Thank
you for reading and don't forget to write me at
royalteardrop@yahoo.com.