Tenchi Gump

A Tenchi Muyo fanfic by Heather McNully Aka Ran-Chan 

Forrest Gump is property of whoever wrote it and Tenchi Muyo is property
of who ever created it. The author does not intend to make any money
from using this for per entertainment, so please don’t sue her.

Forrest Gump is sitting on a bus stop bench. A feather floats by and
lands at his feet. He picks it up and places it inside a Curious George
book in the small suitcase on his lap.

A young, blonde nurse quietly sits down beside him.

"Hello", he says, "my name is Forrest, Forrest Gump...."

And before he can get another word out, the blonde woman replies, "Well
hello there! My name is Mihoshi, Mihoshi Kuramitsu!! How are you today?
Today has just been a really great day!! I’m waiting for my friend,
Kiyone. We work together, ya know. She told me to come to the bus stop
at the corner of 3rd street and 5th street and wait for her so we can
take bus 291 to the hospital on time. We’re not professional nurses. We
just work there part time. She’ll be so proud that I remembered! Wait,
maybe it was number 341 at 2nd street and 9th street, or 149 at Main and
Center, or 219 at Main and 3rd, or, or,.......
WAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!! I CAN’T REMEMBER!!!"

Looking at her shoes and paying no attention to her whining, Forrest
replies, "Those are real nice shoes you got there. My momma always said
that you could tell a lot about someone from their shoes."

"Really?" Mihoshi says forgetting all about her troubles, " Your momma
must have been really smart! I got these shoes for a really good price.
They were on sale, don’t ya know, and they were the last pair!! They’re
really comfortable and I love them! I wear them everyday to work and
shopping and just about anywhere else I go!!! Wow! Is that a feather you
have there? It’s so pretty! I had a bird once, but she flew away. Her
name was Fluffy . Is that from your bird?......." 

"I had a pair of shoes once," he said, "My momma called them my magic
shoes. She said they could take me anywhere."

"Magic shoes?! I’ve worn lots of shoes before!! I’ve had high heels,
sandals, flats, slippers, tennis shoes,....., but I’ve never had magic
shoes before. Where did you get them? What color were they? I’d really
like to have magic shoes! Once I saw this really pretty pair of shoes.
They fit and everything, but they were too expensive. My friend Kiyone
and me share an apartment together and she said that if we bought those
shoes that we couldn’t afford rent so I had to leave the store without
them......," she chatters.

"There you are," exclaims a distant voice, I’ve been looking all over
for you!! Where have you been? You were supposed to meet me at the
corner of Sycamore Street and Cherry Lane so we could get on bus 157 to
get to work on time! Now we’re going to be late again! They’ll probably
fire us!"

"Sorry, Kiyone," she sobs.

"Never mind that just hurry up! We’ve go to go!" Kiyone says. 

"It was really nice meeting you Mr. Gump! Good-bye!" turning to Kiyone
she says, "We had such a lovely conversation about shoes! He’s really
smart and his momma has a lot of really neat sayings! You know what?! He
once had a pair of magic shoes! Isn’t that so cool?! I want some magic
shoes! Can I get some magic shoes? Please?!..........."

"Mihoshi...," Kiyone growls.

Forrest Gump continues to sit on the bench while Kiyone drags Mihoshi
off by her sleeve down the street as she continues to blabber on.
