------------------------

Loden Taylor presents:
The Missing Frog

Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo, and its characters, are the property of Pioneer and 
AIC. I'm not making any money off of this, so please don't sue.

As always, I'm open to C&C. My e-mail is loden_t@hotmail.com.

And now, on with the story!

------------------------

It was decidedly NOT a bright, sunny day at the Masaki house. It had been 
raining for two days straight, and the new morning brought nothing but 
promises of more of the same.

Ryoko awoke unusually early that day (around 10 in the morning) but, taking 
notice of the lousy weather, decided to go back to sleep. She would've done 
this with fervor, but there was something wrong. Something HORRIBLY wrong.

Her little stuffed frog was gone.

She looked around her but there was no mistaking it. Her frog was definitely 
missing. After a quick search of the rafters, she descended to the floor to 
continue her search. A few more minutes confirmed that she hadn't dropped it 
in her sleep...unless...

"Unless it's under the furniture!" she said, snapping her fingers and 
rousing a groggy Nobuyuki who had been sleeping on the couch after a tough 
night of playing "ping-pong pitchers" with his father-in-law, Washu, and 
Ryoko. He currently had the second-largest hangover of his life, the largest 
having been that time back in his college days when he woke up to find 
himself sitting in a small, one engine plane in the middle of a field, with 
two sheep and a bag of ferrets as passengers.

None of this mattered to Ryoko who, sans stuffed frog AND hangover, lifted 
the couch off the ground in order to look underneath it. With a cry, 
Nobuyuki fell to the ground and promptly passed out once again.

Ryoko continued to search under the furniture and the unconscious Nobuyuki, 
but all she found was $3.28 in spare change, a comb, a breath mint, and an 
old, escaped experiment of Washu's which, upon being uncovered, screamed in 
a tiny voice and began oozing toward the door. No frog.

She sat on the couch in a huff and watched Washu's blob ooze under the door 
to freedom as she tried to figure out where her stuffed frog might be. Then 
it hit her.

Washu.

The diminutive scientist seemed to know just about everything, so maybe 
she'd be able to help Ryoko find her frog. The demon floated over to the 
door to her mother's lab. She opened the door, and immediately ducked as a 
huge bolt of electricity shot over her head.

Something hunched and ugly jumped out of the door, knocking Ryoko on her 
back. Screaming in some alien tongue, it began to power up for another 
blast. Before it could let loose, however, there was an orange flash, and it 
suddenly found its head a good distance away from the rest of its body.

Ryoko kept her energy blade in the en-garde position as she carefully 
stepped over the alien's decapitated body and into the lab. She was greeted 
with the sight of Washu standing on top of a lab table, blasting more of the 
alien creatures with a gigantic plasma rifle while Mihoshi cowered beneath 
the table and reloaded her blaster.

The read-headed scientist jumped down beside Mihoshi and reloaded as well. 
Glancing at the hordes of aliens that were trashing her lab, she sighed. "I 
never thought I'd see a resonance cascade, much less create one," she said, 
slamming another plasma charge into the stock of the rifle.

"Um...Miss Washu..." the GP detective said hesitantly, "actually, you did. 
It was just five minutes ago. You said 'Hey, Mihoshi, come here! Want to see 
a resonance cascade?' Remember?"

Washu paused for a moment. "Oh yeah..." Then, noticing Ryoko standing in the 
doorway, she waved. "Hey, honey! Over here! Mommy needs a little help!"

Ryoko sighed and flew over, slicing an invader in two on the way. "What the 
hell is this?" she asked, gesturing at the chaos.

"Oh, that's just a little experiment that got a tad out of hand," Washu 
replied, standing on the table again. "Ryoko, dear, you Mom would really 
appreciate it if you could help clean this up." Her face suddenly 
brightened. "Think of it as doing chores!" she said, laughing, as she opened 
fire once again.

Ryoko surveyed the situation as Mihoshi began firing as well. "Chores my 
ass..." With another sigh, she charged a sphere of energy...

****

Ten minutes later, the lab was quiet once again, and Washu was answering her 
daughter's queries as to her missing frog while Mihoshi attempted to clean 
up the dozens of dead aliens with a broom and dustpan.

"Nope, can't help you there..." Washu said, scratching her head with a 
gore-stained hand, "unless you want an undead, zombie frog I created just 
last night. It has a horrible thirst for living blood! OH, THE THIRSTING!" 
she shouted, clenching her hands and shaking them in the air.

"Christ, no," Ryoko replied, looking disturbed. "Why the hell would you make 
something like that in the first place?"

Washu thought for a minute. "I...I can't remember. I think I was drunk at 
the time..." She shrugged and turned to help Mihoshi clean.

Deciding that Washu would be positively detrimental to her search, Ryoko 
left, tossing the body of the decapitated alien back into the lab before 
closing the door. Once again, she sat on the couch, trying to think of where 
she might've left her frog as she put her feet up on the still unconscious 
Nobuyuki. Where the hell could that damn thing be?

"Good morning, Ryoko."

She turned to see Ayeka coming down the steps from upstairs. "Oh, good 
morning, Ayeka," she replied as the princess sat down on the couch and 
turned on the television. "Say, you haven't seen my little stuffed frog, 
have you?"

Ayeka shook her head absentmindedly, already absorbed in her soap operas. 
"Sorry, Ryoko, I can't say that I have...er, that is..." She cleared her 
throat. "No, you foul monster woman, I haven't seen your accursed frog."

"Oh. Well, if you see it, let me know, you..." Ryoko thought for a moment, 
"...stuck-up, pretty-princess."

Ayeka nodded. "Will do."

"Do you know where Tenchi is this morning?"

The princess snorted half-heartedly. "Why would I tell a demon such as 
yourself - he's in the woods practicing, by the steps to the shrine - the 
whereabouts of Lord Tenchi, just so you can try and seduce him in some 
vulgar manner..."

Ryoko turned and headed out the door, tossing out insults even as Ayeka kept 
speaking. "At least I have something to - thanks, Ayeka - seduce him with, 
unlike you who'd have to stuff a bag of cantaloupes down her shirt to even 
come close to..." She phased through the door and out into the rain, 
springing into the air in search of Tenchi.

She soon found him, shirtless (which was precisely how she LIKED to find 
him), dripping wet (another plus), and vigorously attacking a rather 
stout-looking tree with his bokken (which was...odd).

Gently landing beside Tenchi, Ryoko watched with no small amount of interest 
as he leapt forward again and again, jumping, dodging, and attacking the 
tree with all of his strength. He continued for another couple of minutes 
before finally dropping his bokken. Panting, he bent over, hands on his 
knees as he caught his breath. "He...hello...Ryoko..." he said in-between 
breaths.

"Hi Tenchi," she said, crouching in order to see his face. "What are you 
doing?"

"It's...it's part of my...training," he panted. "Grandfather told me 
to...come out here and do this...something about...'only when I've...learned 
to defeat the...mightiest of trees will I...be ready to take on...the 
smallest of opponents'..."

"Uh-huh," Ryoko replied blandly. "Say, Tenchi, you haven't seen my little 
stuffed frog around anywhere, have you?"

Tenchi straightened up, scratching the back of his head. "Um...no, I don't 
think so...sorry."

Ryoko shrugged. "It's okay. Good luck with...whatever." She flew off, 
forgoing her morning glomping of Tenchi in order to continue her search for 
her frog. Tenchi watched her go, then picked up his bokken and resumed his 
attack.

Meanwhile, Katsuhito, sitting under an umbrella several hundred steps above 
Tenchi, put down his binoculars and laughed. The boy was so gullible! Spout 
some philosophical nonsense and act wise, and he'd do anything! Like...well, 
attack a tree for half-an-hour straight. He toyed with the idea of telling 
him to go beat the hell out of the lake with a pillow, but in the end he 
decided to give Tenchi a break. Save that lake idea for another day...

The distinctive sound of Ryoko phasing in told the priest that he was no 
longer alone. Without turning around he spoke up. "Good morning Ryoko. What 
brings you here?"

"How long has he been going at it?" the pirate asked.

Katsuhito produced a stopwatch from inside his robe and examined it. 
"Thirty-six minutes, 10 seconds."

"You're one twisted son-of-a-bitch, did you know that?"

To Ryoko's surprise, the old man laughed. "You have no idea," he said, 
standing. "Now, what can I do for you?"

As Ryoko told him of her froggie dilemma, he nodded to himself. When she 
finished, he said nothing, apparently deep in thought. "Your frog," he said 
at last, "what is his name?"

Ryoko gave him a quizzical look. "Mr. Winkles. Why?"

"Names have a deep significance, Ryoko. You, yourself, should know this - is 
there not a reason that you are named 'demon caller?'"

"Well, yes, but..."

"A name tells a great deal about a person, or a thing. Tell me, why did you 
name him Mr. Winkles?"

Ryoko's face took on a faraway look. "Well, it's a long story. You see, I 
got him about a month after Kagato was defeated. I'd been having strange 
dreams about..." Ryoko's reverie was cut short as she suddenly realized 
something. "Hey! This has nothing to do with finding my frog! You're just 
trying to screw with my head! Like you do with Tenchi!" With a snort, Ryoko 
turned to fly away.

Katsuhito shrugged. "Well, if that's the way you feel, then how about just a 
helpful suggestion - it's always in the last place you look."

Ryoko spun around. "That's no help, either!" she snarled. "Of COURSE it's 
always in the last place you look! Why the hell would you keep looking after 
you'd found it?!? Idiot." And with that, she vanished.

Katsuhito stood there for a moment before collecting his things and heading 
back to the shrine. Some days, he just didn't know how he managed to keep a 
straight face.

****

The rain finally let up round 11:30, becoming a light drizzle and then 
little more than a billowy mist. The improvement in the weather didn't 
brighten Ryoko's mood any, though. She'd looked just about everywhere, but 
there was still no sign of her frog. She'd tried picking a fight with Ayeka 
in order to make her feel better, but that had turned out to be a failure as 
well. Both she and the princess had been feeling less-than-energetic due to 
the lousy weather, and what had begun as a promising argument quickly 
degenerated into an extremely half-assed pillow fight.

"Take that," Ryoko sighed, tossing the throw-pillow at the couch where Ayeka 
was lying.

"Demon," Ayeka countered, catching the pillow and tossing it back at the 
floor, where Ryoko lay prone.

"Bitch." The pillow landed beside the couch.

"Slut." The pillow sailed back to Ryoko.

"Priss." The pillow landed on Ayeka's legs.

"Whore." The pillow hit the floor beside Ryoko's head and tumbled out of her 
reach.

"Good one, princess," Ryoko yawned.

"Shut up." Ayeka stretched on the couch.

"Could you summon your guardians to get the pillow?" Ryoko asked. Ayeka gave 
her an odd look. "Okay, never mind." She got up and retrieved the pillow, 
tossing it back at the princess as she went to see what Sasami was doing.

"Oh! Hello, Ryoko," the younger princess greeted her upon entering the 
kitchen.

"Hey, Sasami. Making lunch?"

"Yep!"

"I'm sure it'll be great." Ryoko paused and thought for a moment. "Sasami, I 
haven't asked you yet, have I?"

Sasami turned from the stove. "Asked me what, Ryoko?"

"Where my little stuffed frog is?"

"Oh!" She smiled. "Isn't that it, there? Peeking out of you pocket?"

Ryoko looked down in shock. Sure enough, there it was, peeking out of her 
right pocket: her frog, Mr. Winkles, just as green and soft as ever. 
"Oh...yeah, that's it," she mumbled. "Thanks."

Sasami smiled again. "No problem!" And she went back to cooking.

Ryoko wandered out of the kitchen and flew up to her rafter. How in the 
world had she missed it? Was it really possible that she'd gone the whole 
morning without looking down at herself? Or had someone taken it and then 
put it back in her pocket when she wasn't looking...

'Nah,' Ryoko thought, hugging Mr. Winkles to herself as she lay back, 'I 
just never bothered to check my pockets.' With a yawn, she shut her eyes, 
dozing away the minutes until lunch.

As Ryoko slept, Mr. Winkles laughed to himself. That had been a good trick, 
hiding in the house, then slipping back into her pocket while she was on the 
floor. That would be tough to beat...but he'd find a way next time. For now, 
though, he dozed with his mistress, held tight against her breast, dreaming 
his strange, fluffy dreams.

------------------------

Author's Notes: HA! Bet you didn't expect that, did you? Well, you probably 
expected that she'd find it in her pocket...but did you figure on the 
sentient stuffed animal? Probably not, I'm guessing. So there.

So, here it is. If anyone out there wants to MST it, go ahead. I'm 
half-tempted to, myself. And, speaking of MST's, Escher MST #10 WILL be 
ready soon. I swear. And it'll probably even be funny. Probably. So I'd just 
like to tell all 3 of my fans: don't worry! I'll be back!

Anyway, thanks for reading. And now for your moment of Zen...

Bruce (as Evan the shoe salesman): Then I have made a sale?
Scott (as Paul, the customer): It would appear so, Evan.
Bruce: <evil> I sell shoes!
<Audio: thunder clap - cut to Mark>
Mark (as Satan): <evil laughing> And so you always shall!!
<Cut back>
Bruce: <holding shoe up to his face and grimacing> Thank you Satan!
<Audio: Thunder clap>

