Shinji the 10 o'Clock Assassin alias Purge Raizah
tyree3@pacbell.net

I got this idea from Spencer Trace.  He MST'ed my Tenchi lemon work 
"10-Chi Clan, The Quickies" which was a second MST done on my fic.

			The 10-Chi Commandments

And low and behold, the great creators of Tenchi Muyo and their
spin-offs, made their way down the mountainside, holding two tablets
within their grasps.  And those two tablets came to be known as the
"10-Chi Commandments."  And towards the public the commandments have
been stated:

1 - Tenchi:	Thou shall attempt to live a normal life albeit the
		hazardousness caused by several beautiful alien
		women.

2 - Ryoko:	Thou shall sleep, get drunk, watch TV, kick ass, seduce
		Tenchi, and fight Aeka over his love.

3 - Aeka:	Thou shall be snobbish, laugh supremely, speak in Queen's
		language, and fight with Ryoko over Tenchi's love.

4 - Sasami:	Thou shall be cute, cook, have butt-kicking alter ego, and
		love Tenchi like a sister loves her brother.

5 - Miho-Kiyo (Two Parter):
5.1 - Mihoshi:	Thou shall have the inteligence of most Earth minerals.
		However, thou shall also have an atitude as positive as
		the protons in the nuclei of most Earth minerals.
5.2 - Kiyone:	Thou shall suffer immencely from Mihoshi's lack of
		inteligence.  However, thou shall also be gifted with
		incredible patience.

6 - Washuu:	Thou shall have the intellect of God, have the ability to
		create sub-dimensions, and have two "Yes-Dolls."  Thou
		shall NOT, however, be restricted from "Murphy's Law."

7 - Nagi:	Thou shall hunt down her prey (including Ryoko) to the
		ends of the infinity and beyond.  Thou shall also look
		"KOOOOL," even when not trying to be.

8 - Achika:	Thou shall be "one hot babe" and then a good mother,
		thereby leaving a great impression within the minds of
		the surviving Masaki relatives.

9 - Mayuka:	Thou shall go "Daddydaddydaddydaddydaddydaddy!!" once in
		the presence of Tenchi.  If required, thou shall also
		fight Aeka and Ryoko for his love.

10 - Sakuya:	Thou shall be Tenchi's "normal" girlfriend, thereby
		driving Ryoko and Aeka nuts.

And then those great creators of Tenchi Muyo and their spin-offs gave
these rules to the public for them to base their fanfic ideas on.  And
they saw that it was good.  Other parts of the public, who loved only
parts of the series, wished to take elements from them and do what they
wish with them.  And the creators, knowing that it's only love, also
saw that it was good.  In fact, they pretty much didn't care.  For on their
sixth and seventh day, after five days of work, they decided to sleep.
Because next week, they must start on their other works:

The El-Hazard Translation of the Holy Scriptures
The Battle of the Athletics
Armitage The Third Angel
The Eight Wolf Warriors
Miaka of the Mysterious Theatre
The Monsters In My Pocket
and...
The Bastard Wizard

Sleep well.  For the next week you must give your fans a reckoning
they deserve.