"The Cabbit"
By
Jason "BoneparteOzaki" Bertovich
(with my deepest apologies to Edgar Allen Poe)

Twus a normal day that was quite boring
Aeyeka and Ryoko were again warring,
Over Tenchi, Whom they both adore.

Sasami was in the kitchen this fine day
Yosho wisely lived far away
from the Masaki house on the shore.

Mihoshi and Kiyone were on the porch, they couldn't be missed
Mihoshi was sleeping, Kiyone was pissed
Cause watching Mihoshi sleep was quite a bore.

And in her lab was Washu-Chan
The greatest scientific genius in all the land,
just beyond the broom closet door.

I awoke and it was sitting there,
staring at my pony-tail and crew-cut hair
Twus our cabbit nothing more.

Yet it continued to sit there and stare
giving me a most pitiful glare,
so I threw a carrot on the floor.

Because she was a cabbit
and eating carrots were her habit
Carrots are something she does adore

My mistake was giving her a snack
cause now she would never go back
back through my bedroom door.

So it sat there happily munching
and I heard the infernal crunching
so I screamed "Go away, I wish to sleep now!"

It sat there looking perplexed
and I felt that I had just been hexed.
Quoth the Cabbit "MEOW!"

And that was all it had said
and yet the word echoed in my head
I still don't know how.

I shouted "Why are you just sitting there?"
Don't you have to be somewhere?"
Quoth the Cabbit "MEOW!"

"Meow, Meow, Meow? I don't understand."
I said shaking the cabbit in my hand
Shaking this creature most foul.

The cabbit sat there quaking
because of my incessant shaking
Quoth the Cabbit "MEOW!"

Then she began a pathetic mewing
and more "meows" she began spewing
and it filled me with a sense of wow.

For she put my brain in a trance
because she was performing a cabbit dance
Quoth the cabbit "MEOW!"

So I shouted like I never did before
"Evil Cabbit get you fuzzy butt out my door!"
And Ryoko was in my room now.

"Oh Tenchi, you need not to scare it"
"All she wanted was another carrot."
Quoth the Cabbit "MEOW!"

Aeyeka agreed along with Sasami
Yosho and Washu, were they all against me?
Was being cruel to cabbit, something they wouldn't allow?

At that point I began to weep
Screaming "All I want is some sleep!"
Quoth the Cabbit "MEOW!"

"Being cruel to a cabbit is a most heinous crime."
"and if you don't stop you'll surely do time."
Mihoshi and Kiyone said with all their police know-how.

And I could not stand to bear it
as they gave her yet another carrot
Quoth the Cabbit "MEOW!"

And so it is still there munching
with it's infernal crunching
crunching on my bedroom floor.

Now my anger is seething
wilt this pest ever be leaving
Quoth the Author "Nevermore!"

The End

End Notes:  "The Raven" was written by Edgar Allen Poe and is
property of his estate, I assume.  "Tenchi Muyo!" is property
of AIC and Pioneer. 

C&C is welcome as is MSTings...(A challenge to Dav and Cav or
Peter Suzuki...^_^)

(c) 1998 BoneparteOzaki Productions. 



