ÐThe Engagement

A Spamfic by Washu-hime

	An unearthly hum filled the air outside a home in rural Japan, shattering 
the
late-afternoon peace.  The source of this hum was a light sword, wielded by 
one of the
most feared fugitives in the universe, a criminal wanted by the Galaxy 
Police, the so
-called "Demon of Rashouman," the "daughter" of the renowned scientist Washu 
Hakubi, and
bane of existence for the Princess Aeka.  In short, Ryoko.
	Most beings, when on the other end of Ryoko's light sword would be terribly
frightened.  In fact, this being was too, the first time he had been on the 
receiving
end...but that was years ago, and Tenchi Masaki knew that Ryoko would not 
harm him.
	"Tenchi..." Ryoko growled, "I'm not gonna wait any more!  You're going to 
tell
me who you love or so help me, I'll make you sorry!"
	"Really Miss Ryoko," a prissy voice piped up from across the room, "are 
such
strong-arm tactics really necessary?  But then again, no one's every accused 
you of
being subtle..." Aeka laughed shrilly, causing all animals within a 
five-mile radius to
suddenly cock their heads in confusion and pain.  The Princess continued, 
"You're only
setting yourself up for disappointment, you know.  Why would Lord Tenchi 
choose a
monster like you when he could have a gentle, sweet, refined, beautiful..."
	Ryoko, in a rare flash of restraint, spoke calmly to Aeka, "I really don't 
care
at this point, I just want to know for sure where I stand.  If you don't 
want to know
his choice, the doorway is over there, princess."  Aeka shut up at this, 
eager to find
out that SHE was his choice...she HAD to be, whom else would he choose?  It 
would be
divine to hear him say, "Aeka, be my wife," and hand her the cords with 
which to bind him
in preparation for...	Aeka's thoughts were thankfully interrupted by the 
arrival of Washu
into the living room.  She was calmly munching on some cookies while 
mumbling scientific
gobbledygook to herself when the situation before her registered.  "Oh hi 
everyone.  Are
you giving him an ultimatum, little Ryoko?"  "Yes."  Washu brightened and 
exclaimed,
"That's great!  I know Tenchi will make the right choice!"  Washu popped 
into adult form,
her voice husky as she purred, "I've waited so long to be a bride again."  
She struck a
casually seductive pose and waited expectantly.
	Tenchi, all this while, was very nervous, not at Ryoko's blade or even the 
decision
before him.  A few years earlier he would have been panicked at either 
situation, but he
was older and knew that eventually he would have to make his love known.  It 
was the
reactions of the girls that he was worried about.  He gulped loudly and 
wished he had
something to wipe his forehead with.
	"Ummm, could somebody bring the rest of the family here?  I will only tell 
how I
feel in the presence of everyone.  There's no use hiding it anymore."  A few 
minutes later,
the entire Masaki household was assembled expectantly in front of him.  
Yosho wore his
habitual solemn inscrutable expression; Sasami was sprawled comfortably on 
the couch,
looking lanky with teenaged clumsiness.  Nobuyuki peered through the lens of 
his camera,
eager to get his son's engagement on tape.  Mihoshi stared off into space 
dreamily,
while Ryoko and Aeka took opposite corners of the couch and glared at each 
other.  Washu
had brought her floating pillow from her lab, as seating was at a premium.
	"Okay everybody, the time has come to end this competition for my heart.  
My love
has grown and matured through the years for all of you, and my choice wasn't 
easy...but
it IS final.  Ryoko..."  "YES!" the felon cried triumphantly, "Oh Tenchi, I 
knew you
loved me!"  She threw herself at Tenchi and wrapped her arms around his 
neck.	"Umm,
Ryoko..." Tenchi said, trying to extricate himself from Ryoko's death hold, 
"I wasn't
finished.  It's not you."  Ryoko stared into Tenchi's eyes, hurt and angry.  
"Why?" she
asked, with tears forming in her golden eyes.  "You're a beautiful, 
wonderful,
passionate woman.  I've had some very memorable times with you, and for a 
while, I was
sure it was you that I loved.  Then I realized that I loved HER more."  
Ryoko sat back
down on the couch, numb.
	"Aeka..."  "Yes, Lord Tenchi?"  Her tone was hopeful and confident.  "You 
are
demure and refined...but..." with that one syllable, Aeka could feel her 
dream crumbling.
  "You're also my great aunt, and you're going to be the ruler of Jurai, a 
planet I know
little to nothing about!  I can't live in that environment, always being 
scrutinized
and plotted against.  You need a husband that is more suited to who you 
are."  "Oh Lord
Tenchi, I will renounce the throne if that is all that keeps you from me!  
Please!"
"Aeka," Tenchi replied softly, "That's not ALL of it.  I cannot marry you."  
Ryoko, now
in tears, passed the box of tissues to the sobbing Princess in an uncommon 
gesture of
compassion.
	"Sasami, you are a delightful girl, and you've grown up to be quite 
attractive.
You, however, are even more untouchable to me because of what you are, both 
a Princess
and a Goddess.  My main reason for not marrying you is that you are still a 
little girl,
and to me, you will always be like a sister."  "That's all right Tenchi," 
the blue-haired
girl replied cheerily, "I kinda figured you'd never pick me over the other 
girls anyway.
Can I be a bridesmaid though?  Please?"  Tenchi grinned; relieved the girl 
had taken his
news so well, "Sure, Sasami."	"Mihoshi, I don't really know you that well, 
but then
again, I don't think anybody does.  You are terribly sweet, but I just can't 
marry you."
  "You're not going to make me leave, are you Tenchi?"  Mihoshi's china blue 
eyes began to
threaten to overflow, her voice rising in volume, "Because I just couldn't 
stand to live
without any of you ever again!  DON'T MAKE ME LEAVE!  WAAAAH!"  Tenchi put 
his hand on her
shoulder and tipped her chin to make her look at him, "I promise, I won't 
make you leave
this house."  "Yaay!  I'm so happy!"  As quick as her tears had begun, they 
were over, but
that was very typical of Mihoshi.
	"Washu..."  "Don't say it, Tenchi, you don't have to.  I know why you don't 
love me,
and truth is, I don't really want you that badly, I'm mostly just 
teasing...trying to get
a rise out of you..." She giggled maniacally, and Tenchi knew she was 
thinking about the
"Nurse Washu" incident.  He shuddered.
	"Tenchi..." Yosho spoke and everyone turned to stare at him, "You've just 
gone
through every female in the house.  Who's left to be your bride?"  The girls 
were struck by
this realization and stared at Tenchi.  "Funny you should mention that.  The 
girl I will
marry has been helpful, obedient, fun, cute...and she can change into a 
spaceship."  As one,
the household chorused, "RYO-OHKI?!"  "Yes!" Tenchi cried, "Yes, she is my 
one true love!
Ever since she melded with the Masu and was able to change her shape.... we 
have spent many
hours together in the carrot patch, me picking the carrots and feeding them 
to her, and
together we would walk back to the house.  She never once tried to force 
herself on me, and
she's never argued over me, nor pressed me for a decision!  So I will marry 
her!"  As one,
the residents of the Masaki residence fell over, stunned.

The End!

Author's Notes:

I was unendingly weary of these damn "weird" pairings!  Washu with Ryoko, 
Ryoko with Ayeka,
Aeka with Minagi, Kiyone with Mihoshi, Sasami with ANYONE that I finally 
decided that the
only pairing that hadn't been tried was anyone besides Ken-Ohki (or her 
involved in a three
-way in that abomination "At the Carrot Patch") with Ryo-Ohki.  I recently 
remembered that
Ryo-Ohki could change form in the OAV series, so I set out to mess with 
people's minds.
I hope I succeeded.
