I don't own these characters or profit from them.


The Hunt
By, Clayton Overstreet


  Bryan Weber drove his car along the road to the convention. He had been 
looking forward to this all week, ever since he'd heard of it. He'd even 
gotten a special invitation from the guy running it, Mr. Vance E. Geta. It 
had said that he was especially fond of the MSTs he'd read on the Internet. 
He and a lot of Weber's other fans were going to be there.
  Weber smiled as he pulled onto the dirt road. It was a bit odd that Mr. 
Geta had chosen to have a convention so far out in the woods, but rich 
people were fanatical sometimes. At first he had been afraid he'd missed a 
turn off somewhere, he had been driving for hours and hadn't seen another 
soul.
  Finally he saw the cabin. Smiling he pulled up next to it. Getting out of 
the car he was amazed at the beauty of the woods. After a minute he closed 
the car door and walked to the porch, knocking softly at he door.
  It opened and a little girl with blue hair and red eyes opened the door. 
"Oh, you're finally here!"
  Weber looked down in surprise. "Rei? What are you doing here? Oh no!"
  "Oh yes!" Came a voice behind him. Slowly he turned around and saw Vegeta 
standing there. "Welcome to my party. You will be staying of course." Vegeta 
pointed to his car and it exploded. Weber was about to run when something 
hit him on the head and everything went black.

  When he opened his eyes again he was tied to a chair. The room he was in 
was dim and it was hard to see anything. His head pounded with pain and he 
let out a tiny moan. Suddenly the light came on and he had to close his 
eyes.
  "Ah, you're awake, good." Vegeta said from the door. "Wouldn't want you to 
not be able to participate in the fun."
  "What are you talking about?" He asked.
  Vegeta smiled and motioned towards to walls. "See for yourself."
  Weber looked around groggily, but what he saw snapped him to attention. 
The walls were lined with human heads. Each one was stuffed and had a name 
under it. Some he could read others he just recognized. Peter Suzuki, 
Ryo-oki (author of 'In the carrot patch') and Gensao.
  "The site isn't really backed up is it?" He asked quietly. Vegeta shook 
his head. "So is this your plan for me?"
  "My plan? Oh no, this wasn't my idea, I just participate." He said.
  "Then who? Ryoko, Zechs, Rei?" He yelled.
  A figure stepped through the door. "No, it was mine."
  Weber shook his head. "Aeka?"
  Aeka nodded. "This is what happens to anyone who insults me or my 
family... It's just too bad Ryoko refused to participate. And the others all 
stopped me from getting that bastard who writes all those Ryoko-Tenchi 
stories."
  "Um... just so you know, it was his idea that I do 'Mayuka gets it' and 
that I use you instead of Ryoko."
  She nodded. "I know, but since I can't get him I'll just have to settle 
for you."
  "So what is this? You just going to slice off my head?" He asked.
  Rei giggled from behind Aeka. "What fun would that be?"
  "We're going to hunt you for sport." Vegeta said.
  "You can't! It's illegal and your friends would never allow it." He 
yelled.
  Aeka cackled. "Oh it's perfectly legal. I have permission from my 
government and support from the Royal family of the Sayajin... that is how 
you like their name pronounced right?"
  "But it's not fair! You all have super powers. What do I get?" He pleaded. 
"Just let me go, I swear I won't tell anyone. Rei, how can you do this to 
me?"
  They laughed and Vegeta stepped forward to untie him. "We won't use any of 
our powers and if you can survive until sunset, you can go home."
  As the ropes dropped he rubbed his wrists. "Yeah right. I've seen this 
movie. You'll all kill me anyway."
  "I swear on the thrown of Jurai if you survive until sunset you can go 
home unharmed." Aeka said. The others nodded.
  "But you'll have to avoid us and the others who are already out there 
waiting for you." Vegeta said. "You have an hour to hide. Now get going!"
  Weber looked at them pleadingly, but Vegeta blasted the floor at his feet. 
Getting up he ran out the door and into the woods.

  It had been two hours and he sun still had at least another hour before it 
set. He had been running ever since he had left the cabin. In the first hour 
he's run into several others including Zechs, Sasami, Nagi, and Sylphiel. 
All of them were armed and smiled at him as he ran past.
  For the last hour he'd been dodging bullets and laser blasts, even a 
missile and flamethrower. One had gotten him in the shoulder. Now he was 
huddled in the limbs of an old oak tree.
  A twig snapped below him and he sat still. Through the leaves he saw some 
people walking below him. "I know he came this way." Aeka said.
  "Well he isn't here now." Nagi answered. "Come on, let's go check over 
there.  They disappeared into the forest.
  Weber stayed in the tree until the light began to fade from the sky. When 
there was only a bit of pink left, he jumped down.
  "So there you are." Sasami said.
  Weber turned around and smiled. "It's sunset. I can go home now right?"
  Sasami nodded. "Yeah, but I still have thirty seconds." She jumped up and 
kicked him across the face. Weber fell to the ground. As the last of the 
sunlight faded, Sasami kicked him into unconsciousness.

  Weber woke up in his bed yelling. Looking over his body he realized he 
wasn't hurt. "It must have been a dream."
  He smiled and shook his head. "I've been doing way to many MSTs." He 
laughed and kicked back the covers. Suddenly the laughter died in his 
throat. Next to him was the severed head of Peter Suzuki and next to it was 
a note that read, 'See you next year.'

The End

Author's note
  This was wrong on every level. I don't know where this came from, but I 
just had the image of anime characters hunting down fan fic writers. 
Fortunately I got wind of this before it happened and got Ryoko, Tenchi, 
Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Washu to agree to protect me. Good thing too. Tell me 
what you think of all this at clayton_n@hotmail.com

