It was a chilly night, everyone was up drinking tea except for Ryoko which
was up I the roof.
" Ryoko?" A voice from behind spoke.
Ryoko turned around and saw Kiyone.
"What are you doing here?" Questioned Ryoko.
"Just wanted to talk to you. It's not all the time that a galaxy police talk
to a space pirate right?" Kiyone said
"Here." Ryoko said as she helped Kiyone up.
" Why can't you just tell him. " Kiyone said as she stared to the sky.
"Tell him what?" Ryoko asked.
" You know what I mean. Tenchi."
" There is no way that Tenchi will understand. He just spends too much time
with Aeka that I loose my confidence." Ryoko explained.
" It's just a matter of time before Tenchi leaves for Jurai, Aeka proposed
to him this night. I'm sorry."  Kiyone said.
Ryoko stared at Kiyone with watery eyes.
"That can't be true." Ryoko said with a pitiful laugh. " Aeka can't do a
thing."
Ryoko looked down and cried.
Kiyone looked at her with concern. She was crying her heart out. Ryoko was
covering her ears so she can't hear anything.
" Tenchi, how could you do this?"  Ryoko whispered.
Kiyone put her hand on Ryoko's shoulder, and tried to comfort her.
" Ryoko, there are better ways than just sit there and watch your love one
go. You can just tell him that you love him. Even though you can't spend
your life with him, once you tell him that you love him, you'll be
contented."
" Kiyone, tell me. Where the hell is Tenchi!" Ryoko shouted.
" He's inside the house having a chat with Aeka. Please do not do anything
harsh to Tenchi ok?"
Ryoko looked at Kiyone and vanished.
" Congratulations Ryoko." Kiyone said.
Ryoko searched for Tenchi all over the house until he saw Aeka in Tenchi's
arms. She suddenly had hard time breathing. She fell to the floor. Suddenly
her sight began to be pitch black. She suddenly saw herself in a place where
there was darkness. Her memories with Tenchi were long gone. The princess
won, just like in any fairy tale. The villain is unloved while the princess
is happy in the arms of his knight. Her life was going to end, and she was
quite happy it was the end. It's better than seeing Tenchi and Aeka together
having a wonderful life. When she suddenly thought of a thing that she never
did, to love.
" Ryoko? Ryoko wake-up!" A voice spoke.
 Who was that? Ryoko asked herself.
A screen popped up and saw Tenchi holding Ryoko in his arms. She was dead.
Tenchi was crying for the loss of his beloved one. Ryoko suddenly realized
that she heard Tenchi saying " I love you " to Ryoko.
" Tenchi!" Ryoko cried.
" Do you really want to go back?" A voice called.
Who are you? What do you want? Ryoko said forming her sword.
" No need to know, just tell me. Do you really want to go back?" the voice
questioned.
" Yes please I need to go back! I need to see Tenchi's face and smile again.
I just want to hear Tenchi's voice again. I still want to be with him!"
Ryoko pleaded.
" Very well then. It's still not your time yet."
Ryoko suddenly saw a blinding light. As she walked closer to it. The more
she heard  Tenchi's voice clearly. She ran through it and saw herself in
Tenchi's arms.
" Ryoko! Please don't die on me! Ryoko I love you! Speak to me!" Tenchi
pleaded.
Suddenly Tenchi saw Ryoko's eyes trying to open. Tenchi's heart was filled
with joy.
" Everyone Ryoko's alive! She's alive!"
Suddenly everyone came barging in.
As Ryoko saw her in Tenchi's arms, he quickly enveloped Tenchi in her arms.
"Ryoko! Promise never to do that again, ok?" Tenchi said as he wiped of his
tears.
" I promise." Ryoko said.
Tenchi's face went closer to Ryoko's and they both kissed.

Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo and it's characters. I just own the
mysterious voice.
Who the hell is she?…
