Well folks, this came about when tonight just as I watched the 
last volume of Pretty Sami TV.  That and about a case of Mountain 
Dew. Heh.

Disclaimer:  If anyone here even thinks this is serious or that I 
own any of the characters here, you are more in need of help than 
I am. ^_^  And now may I present:

Things Can't Get Any Worse

To say Ryo-ohki was ecstatic would be the understatement of the 
century.

I mean sure, he was riding on a rocket heading toward the planet 
mars like a bat out of hell, to take on God knows whatever had 
decided to threaten both the planets of Juraihelm and Earth.  
Only God knowing whatever reason might be behind it.  And sure 
they were probably going to be hopelessly outnumbered, outgunned, 
and out matched.

But hey!  His friend Rumiya, Pixy Misa, Washuu, and that weird 
guy...what was his name?  Oh yeah Johnny, was with him.  Best of 
all though, so was his beloved Sasami.  Or Pretty Sami, if one 
would prefer to refer to her like that when she was in her 
magical girl persona.

There was nothing, nothing at all they couldn't accomplish 
together!  Of course this optimism might have been the result of 
certain hormones that had coursed through him wildly as his 
beloved Sami cornered him and kissed him just a second ago.  Then 
again it was seriously doubtful that would have even phased him, 
were that to be pointed out.

He leaned on the bulkhead as he peered out the window, which 
showed the planet of Mars growing larger and larger as the rocket 
headed toward it's ultimate destination.

Sighing in near oblivious bliss, while thoughts of Sasami floated 
through his head, he failed to notice that Rumiya had walked up 
behind him, and now rested on the bulkhead beside him.  He too 
sighed in extreme wondrous bliss.

Ryo-ohki turned a silly grin to his friend, and grinned even more 
when he saw what was on his friend’s face.  Lipstick.  Light 
pink, very noticeable, right over his lips, and on both cheeks.  
The very same shade that Pixy wore.

Surprising Rumiya didn't simply melt right after Pixy had  
repainted his face.  Then again it was surprising Ryo-ohki didn't 
melt either, though it was obvious both boys were very close to a 
liquid form.

Rumiya turned to look at Ryo-ohki, and they both shared that same 
lopsided grin that spoke whole volumes about what had happened to 
them both, and the effect it had upon them.

"We're going to win this!"  Rumiya said out loud, echoing his 
friend’s optimism.  "There is nothing, absolutely nothing that 
can possibly go wrong!"

All of the sudden...the lights went dim, and it seemed a rumble 
that rippled the very fabric of reality passed through the 
starship.

And a chill filled the room.

You see, there are some things that should never, ever, ever, 
EVER be spoken out loud.  Because it is known, that whatever 
cosmic joker that is in charge of these things takes perverse 
pleasure in just making the worst thing that could possibly 
happen...happen.  Especially when you challenge the ability of 
events to go wrong.

A movement caught both their eyes, and as one they turned toward 
the planet Mars, above which a translucent image was taking 
shape.  

"Oh no..." Ryo-ohki lamented sullenly as it came into focus.

It was in the shape of well muscled, yet skinless man, where the 
gleaming silver armor and tubes of life support fluid didn't 
cover it's grotesque visage.  But the most awful thing about it 
was the mask that looked like some perverse grin, which covered a 
face that was probably the reflection of somebody's Nightmare on 
Elm Street.  The visor, which allowed this mutilated being to 
see, flashed red with bloody fury as he surveyed the ship 
approaching the planet.

That monstrosity pointed at their vessel with the staff crowned 
with a stylized letter Z and shouted "Tremble and despair for I, 
Lord Zed, ruler of the Dark Galaxy have come to dominate this 
star system, to steal all your magical energy; thereby succeeding 
where Romio has failed! BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"

Rumiya looked at Ryo-ohki.

Ryo-ohki looked at Rumiya.

"Rumiya?"

"Yes."

"Remind me to kick your ass later."

END

Heh.  C&C go to kthardin@geocities.com
