

      Tenchi in Tokyo my way
by washu's asistant koltove
E-mail ratsoup@yahoo.com

This story is my version of a one long episode of
tenchi in Tokyo but it begins after tenchi is in Tokyo
and there school carnival is going on

"Well Malus I think this may be the day that I finally
tell Sakyo my feeling's toward her." Tenchi said.
Yeah, yeah." Are you sure that that's not bull?" Malus
asked.
"I mean after all it's been a month." Malus stated.
Yeah, well I'm off, "See ya!" Yelled Tenchi. "Bye
"Tell her!" called Malus said. As Tenchi disappeared."
A little early isn't he?" Well Yugi you think he'll
tell her?" Asked Malus.
"Well let's just wait and see. The two watched on a
screen they smirked as Tenchi talked to Sakyo." while
the evil's were pondering the Aekia and Ryoko with the
rest of the girls were looking for Tenchi at the
carnival. "Damn! Yelled Yugi and Malus in unison.
"Malus, go and disrupt them!" Yugi shouted. "Yes my
lord master." Malus said mockingly as he teleported to
the carnival and deftly picked up Ryo-Oki and quickly
tossed him into the science lab. Some how Washu found
the way to the maze course for robot's after tenchi's
horrible scolding to them. And as Tenchi and Sakyo sat
on the roof talking they did not realize that malus
was watching them very close. For yugi did not wish
they get involved to quickly as tenchi and sakyo
talked, and finally when they finally kissed, Malus
stirred something in Ryoko's mind. (Whom didn't come
do to see him because he and Tenchi had already met a
few months earlier) he knew yugi's plan so he tapped
on her back, being invisible she coulden't see her"
huh?" "Gasp!"
She saw as tenchi and sakyo kissed as she left malu's
appeared ok ok people your breaking my friken heart.
Your only children malus yelled tenchi and sakyu what
you know him ya said sakyo he's the one who met me on
the street and got me together and made me realize
that I love… WHAT! Tenchi said in a semi-laugh I like
you two and I know malus cuz he's my roommate they
bowed and said thanks to malus. ok yugi you can make
my get away distraction mumbled malus "fine" yugi said
calmly at that moment yugi hurdle a huge rock in
wich,blew up creating an explosion. to catch their
attention at that moment a shard of rock hit them
"shit a little to powerful don't you think" malus
stated hey dashed grabbed them both and was of to
tenchi's hotel.
Ouch tenchi and sakyo groaned "finaly your awake those
damn student's are threating to start a fundraiser to
bulldoze the apartment if I didn't let them see you
guys, damn your friends are weird said" Malus. Yea
tell me about it uh ugh suddenly tenchi and Sakyo had
doused off along with a good dream. Mean while at the
Masaki shrine Kinyone and Mihoshi had left Ryoko
disappeared when washu discovered something. Ohh my
god eyes widening Sasami Washu and Ayah gasp look this
guy's history's worse than… than… K.A.I.N's (from the
first movie) when Sakyo woke up she was in her
apartment with Tenchi. So naturally they went to the
beach when they went home lord Katovito (grandpa) and
Washu were there blood was there by malus. What the
hell is going on tenchi calmly said washu his history
is worse than K.A.I.N's so they told him how Sakyo was
a clone and every thing but then suddenly malus body
dissolved. Wen tenchi got to Sakyo apartment Yugi was
there told him to meet her in her castle and went off
when tenchi got there right next to Yugi was Malus.
Malus I trusted you sorry you know I'm a mercenary
Yugi c'mon don't kill him just let him live with Sakyo
pleaded Malus Silence barked Yugi suddenly the entire
tenchi gang was there after a huge story tenchi and
friends started changing when they remembered. Sasami
but then she to broke out of Yugi's crystal hold when
they charged Malus and Yugi held out a hand and one
BIG explosion all where down except for Tenchi. Then
his sword his sword stabbed what he thought was Yugi
but was much to his horror Malus argghh Ma…MALUS!!!
After ten minutes of eye flinching why did you take
the blow I. I can't let you kill such a young child
such as Yugi explained Malus oh and how old are you
ask tenchi gang in unison as old as time.when suddenly
his body started to dissolve (secretly washu had
sucked him in her life container cuz he agreed to help
her in experiments if she did do this a ray emitted
from Malus's hand which did something to Yugi which
zapped her evil out as he disolved.

                The
            End

Q what type of name is Malus
A It's Latin for Bad
Q who's K.A.I.N
A the best and evilest guy from the first movie he's
the reason Tenchi mom dies