(Outtake 1- the day that Tenchi feels that he'll be "better off dead".)

(As Tenchi heads off to school.)

Tenchi: Bye dad! Bye Grandpa, I'll be back soon!

(A young black-clothed bicycling figure comes in.)

Tenchi: Uhhhh...who are you?

Paperboy: 2 Dollars!

Tenchi: You seem familiar from somewhere...

Paperboy: TWO DOLLARS! (He chases after Tenchi while shouting the same
thing.)

Tenchi: Ah no!

(They chase through the forest for a while as Tenchi gets to his home. He
runs through
the house saying, "they're coming to get me" as his father is circling
"paranoia" in a book
he is reading. He runs up stairs to find sasami in his room with a small
group of other
"odd" young men. And of course he is surprised & that famous "Hiyooo!" sound
is
heard.)

Tenchi: Sasami...what are you doing?

Sasami: Oh hi Tenchi I've been using this book called "how to pick up some
"fine" men"
and I (giggles while blushing) think its doing a good job don't you think?

Tenchi: Yeah...sure...AAHH!! (He notices that the "odd" young men are more
paperboys and he didn't like on how they were grinning at him. Then that
paperboy from
earlier climbs in by window.)

Paperboy: TWO DOLLARS! (As how he was about to attack Tenchi.)

Sasami: Ohhhh how many times do I tell you to stop attacking people!

Paperboy: I'm sorry all I wanted was just a couple of bucks I mean is this
guy some sort
of a cheapskate?

Sasami: You know you could just ask nicely.

Paperboy: Why didn't I think of that?

Other Paperboys: Yeah

Sasami: Tenchi...

Tenchi: Oh alright!

(Tenchi hands over 2$ to the paperboy)

Tenchi: You know this really was pointless I mean there aren't any newspaper
deliveries
anywhere near my home so what are you doing going after me like that?!

(The Paperboy whistles)

Sasami: *ahem*!

Paperboy: Sorry...you just look like that guy I use to do the same thing on.
(He gives
him back the 2$)

Tenchi: Oookay I think I will go now. (As he leaves he indiscreetly hears
sasami
scolding the paperboy some more.)


(Outtake 2- Kiyone & Mihoshi take a "Hysterical" turn for the worst.)

(As Mihoshi is about to conclude her message to Washu & Ryoko)


Washu: So you two will be coming back home for a while?


Mihoshi: Yeah we're just chilling here until we get to earth.


Ryoko: What she said?


Washu: You got me...


Mihoshi: WAZZUP?! Don't worry we be down soon so see ya later girlfriends!


Washu: What she called us?


Ryoko: Why is she calling us girlfriends I mean if anybody is a "girlfriend"
to Mihoshi it'll
be Kiyone seeing on the time they spent together.


(Kiyone snaps into anger as she pounds the computer screen and damages it
while it
oddly ends up sending the ship chrashing down into earth.)


Mihoshi (while holding on to Kiyone for dear life): AAAAAHHHHH!!!! KIYONE
HELP ME I'M SCARED!


Kiyone: Get off of me! That has already caused me enough trouble already!


(As they chrash into earth but of course survive)


Mihoshi: Ohhhh.....


Kiyone: I'm not happy.



THE END
