I don't own these characters or profit from them.


Tenchi and the Ripping Friends
By, Clayton Overstreet


  Crag smiled out at the cammera. "Hi kids! It's time to rip along with the 
Ripping Friends! We'll pick one of your letters and help with your problems. 
Mr.Notreal-bunnyman?" A bunny rabbit puppet spins a cage of letters, then 
reached in and picked one out. "I have here a letter from Sasami in Japan. 
It says here, "'Dear Ripping Friends, I am going crazy. My sister keeps 
fighting with a friend of mine named Ryoko over a boy who obviously likes 
Ryoko. My sister and I are his aunts, but she doesn't care. Two other 
friends of mine named Washu and Mihoshi suggested that I ask you for help.
  "'By the way we're all aliens with superhuman powers. Tenchi and my sister 
are the rightful heirs to the galaxy and my sister also has a large army 
that can destroy planets. Washu says if you'll help she will stop them from 
being able to fight back. Please help me, Sasami. Here is a picture of my 
sister. P.S. Stop sending your used chewing gum into space.'"
  He looked out. "Well Sasami it seems your sister has some serious 
problems. Who do I send to help though?"
  Slab raised his hand. "I want to do it!"
  Rip pushed him aside and looked at him. "No, let me!"
  "I think I'll send both of you and Jimmy."
  "It's ripping time!" They yelled.

  The door of the Misaki household burst open. Slab, Rip, and Jimmy walked 
in. Jimmy drooled on a fuzzy creature that hopped up by their feet.
  "Is there a Sasami here?"
  A cute blue haired girl came running out. "Oh you're just in time. They're 
in the backyard fighting again."
  Everyone ran outsdide and saw two women, each pulling on the arm of a 
skinny kid. They appeared to be pulling him apart. When they noticed the 
others they looked up curiously.
  "Who are you?" Ryoko asked.
  Rip stepped forward. "We're the ripping friends and we're here to put a 
stop to this."
  Aeka smiled. "Good then you can take her away."
  "I don't think so lady." Rip picked her up and Slab grabbed Ryoko and 
Tenchi. "It's ripping time!"
  Before they could act Slab tore off Tenchi and Ryoko's clothes and threw 
them into the carrot shed, locking the door.
  "How dare you!" Aeka yelled. Her crown started to glow, but quickly 
stopped. "What?"
  "Sorry sis." Sasami said. "But you needed to be stopped."
  "Sasami how could you!"
  Rip frowned and looked at her. "How could she? You're the one trying to 
marry your nephew and keep fighting. Can't you see how it's upsetting your 
sister?" He pointed to a crying Sasami.
  Aeka looked in horror. "Sasami, I'm so sorry..." She was cut off.
  "Oh no. It's too late for that." Slab said. "We're going to rehabilitate 
you!"
  They pulled some strange device out of their car and slapped it on her 
head. Flipping a switch, it began to send electric shocks into her brain.

  Tenchi and Ryoko came out of he shed some time later, Tenchi covered in 
lipstick prints. Sasami gave them some clothes. Aeka stood there smiling.
  "Um, sorry Aeka." Tenchi said nervously.
  "It's fine lord Tenchi. I've found someone new."
  Ryko looked syrprised. "Who?"
  Aeka turned and kissed Jimmy on the lips. "Isn't he just so cute?"

Author's note
  Why did I do this? If you know email me at clayton_n@hotmail.com

