(A normal day at Nic42p's house.)
Nic:I got a new story to MST.
F&Z:What.
Nic:It's called Love Rediscovered.
F&Z: Ok.

And now Nic,Friskie,and Zoe Present: Love Rediscovered

The seating order froms left to right is Nic,Friskie,and Zoe

Love rediscoved
Nic:Already a spelling error.
A Fic by methystOmegaTerra
Disclamior: I dont own Tenchi Muyo!, Zoids, and Final Fantasy8 stuff, they
belong to
the respected owners.
Zoe:Alright Ligers going to eat Tenchi.
Thoughts= ‘ blah blah’
Speaking=”Blah Blah”

Ayeka sat by the lake watching the rippels of water pass by, ayeka was
depresed by the fact the Tenchi, the most that her heart had loved, had
married
Ryoko.
Friskie: ouch.
‘Well Ryoko, he chose the best....diden’t he?’
Zoe:Two words: Spell Check.
 Ayeka then scrunched her white
dress. Ayeka had been wearing dresses for quite some time now.
Nic:Denile with a capital D.
Ayeka rememberd
the gift from Tsunami, her head band turned into a staff,
Friskie:Bet you it is really heavy.
 enableing her to be a
sorceress, creating magic was easy.
Nic:(Ayeka)Lets see what magic for dummies says.
 She had always loved the beautiful wood
weavings the where in the staff
N,F&Z:The what.
and the sparkling gem of Void, she had even named
the gem Divine, the most powerful of elements.
Zoe:Uranium.
 Ayeak
Nic:Is that like a kayak.
 picked the staff that was
hovering and held the staff above her head and said,
Friskie:That was a mouthful.
“DEMENSION CHANGE!” The
gem started to raipidly change colors
Nic:The colors man the colors.
 and a round portal appeard.
Friskie:This is just bad spelling.
 Ayeka casually
strolled into the portal. Appearing in her room she then floped on her bed.
Zoe:That was a big move.
 She had
changed the futon into a big bed that had two fat pillows and a red velvet
blanket.
Now, her powers exceeded Tenchi’s, Sasami’s, Ryoko’s, Washu’s, and even
Yosho’s.
Friskie:The authors got powers to.  Super misspelling power.
She was the most powerful being in the universe. ‘I didn’t ask for this, but
I got a new
power that I can create magic and change the universe. I don’t want to
change
Tenchi’s life though, I wish that he chose me then that....Monster woman.
Well
Tenchi’s fault, not mine.’ Ayeka thought. Happy with her new life, she would
decide to
live somewhere else, somewhere new.
Friskie:In a box
 “Ill announce it at dinner.” She said and took a
nap.
In the middle of dinner......
Nic:Long pause.
Ayeka said, “Sasami, I need to talk to you for 5
minutes.” Ryoko, Tenchi, Washu, Mihoshi, Noboyuki, and Yosho looked at the
sisters
leave into the kitchen.
In the kitchen,
Zoe:This story is just bad.
“Sasami im going to go to somewhere new ok? That means that
I will be leaving here and if you want to you can come with me. If you want
we can have
visits back here, Ok?? Besides....Ryoko needs to learn how to cook if she is
going to be
Tenchi’s wife.” Ayeka giggeld at the thought of Ryoko cooking.
Friskie:Last time she cooked she made Ryo-ohki faint.
Sasami then stated
happily, “Ok, i’ll go with you! But I want Ryo-ohki
Zoe:She can't take Ryoko's pet.
to come to. And your right about
Ryoko cooking, but i need something to record Ryoko cooking” Ayeka waved her
hand
and her staff appeard. The Void gem started to rapidly change colors and
Ayeka
pointed the staff at theWall and a little camera appeared in the wall.
Nic:(Singing)Smile,You are on Canded Camera.
 Sasami
giggeled. Ayeka and Sasami then walked back into the kitchen
Zoe:Aren't they alreaddy in the kitchen.
 and announced, “ We
will be leaving hear
Friskie:(Ayeka and Sasami)We will come back hear ya hear.
 for a little while and we are going tomorrow.” They stared at the
sisters and then they went up to bed with out a word.
Friskie:Ryoko should have said something.
The sun rose as Ayeka took the staff and swang the staff and
Nic:And and and.
almost
instantly the room was back to normal.
N,F&Z:What.
 Ayeka stepped into Sasami’s room and
asked, “Sasami? Are you ready to go?” Sasami nodded with a smile. Tenchi and
co.
Friskie:Vs. USA Today.
Nic:Do not remind me Friskie.
came out of the house to say farewell to their friends. “Goodbye everyone!
Well see
you soon!” Ayeka and Sasami said in a unison. Ayeka hit the ground with the
bottom
of the staff and let go of the staff, two energy balls appeard were her
hands where.
Zoe:Where what.
She then said,
Nic:What.
 spin over and over untill a white streak of energy was around the staff.
The Divine gem started to spin and change colors. Where the staff had once
been a
portal was hovering above the ground. Ayeka’s staff appeard in her hand.
Ayeka and
Sasami waved bye and stepped into the portal.
Ayeka and Sasami spun around and around untill they hit hard ground.
N&F:DA ground.Boom.
 Bit,
Doc, Lina, Brad, and Jaime looked at the people that fell though the roof.
“So this is
where that staff has chosen?” Ayeka questioned unbelievably. Sasami was
rubbing
her sore bottom.
N,F&Z:Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
 Ayeka stared at the people that wehre
Friskie:What
 standing intont
Zoe:It's Tonto.
 of her. Ayeka
helped Sasami up and stood up herself. “Hello, I am Ayeka Jurai the first
princess of
the Planet Jurai and this is my sister, Sasami.” Ayeka and Sasami waved hi
to the
people infront of them. Bit spoke up and pointed to each of the people that
he
introduced, “Hi im Bit, this is Lina,
Nic:I think it is Leena.
 that is her father Doc,
Friskie:Stephen.
 thats Brad, and that is
Jamie.” “Nice to meet you all.” Ayeka said. They nodded in acknowledgment.
They also
looked at the staff that he was leaning on. Sasami asked, “Ayeka, are you
allright?”
“Im sorry Sasami im just a little low on magic power thats all, warping
through
dimensions can take it out of you.” Ayeka replied, “I just need something to
eat.”
Soon Sasami had found her way to the kitchen and started a storm.
Zoe:Weird stuff happens on planet Zi huh.
“Uhhh....Sasami what are you making?” Jamie asked astounded at what the
little
princess could do. “A full course meal.” Sasami replied. As soon at an hour
passed
Nic:She is on Iron Chef.Which is the setting of my first story coming soon.
Sasami had finshed with her cooking storm. The Blitz team started to eat
after the
princesses started. Everyone had a good time talking nad
Zoe:Nad.
 laughing. After awhile of
this Ayeka and Sasami put on long faces.
Nic:Like a horse.
 They remenberd all the times that they had
fun back at the Masaki shrine. They remeberd the first time that they had
seen snow
and fall. Ayeka put down her chopsticks and walked out of the room. They
looked at
her as Ayeka walked out with an impenatrable mask across her face.
She walked passed all of the zoids seeing the Gun sniper, Lagger Zero,
Friskie:Liger.
 Rinos,
Nic:Raynos.
and the Command wolf. As she was outside she then though
Zoe:What.
‘Strike 2. Strike three is
comming. I know it. Im falling in place here and soon I will fall in love
and then he will
goto someone else.’
Nic:Whose he?
 As Ayeka attempted to take off her many masks but relized that
she couldn’t sje was stuck with them forever.
Friskie:Geez.  Spell check please.
 ‘Soon Sasami will be masked with the
responsibilites.’ Tears wehre falling as rain. “Thats what I need now,
Rain.” Ayeka
waved her hand and her staff appeard. She heald the staff above her head and
chanted, “ Of the power granted to me, I command you, rain!” Tunder clouds
appeard
Friskie:I hear tunder.
in the sky and it started to pour cold rain.Ayeka walked back in, satisfied
with the
rain. They
Zoe:Who is they
 had already finished dinner and attempted to walk outside only to find cold
rain puring all around them. “How did this happen” Lina asked in suprised.
“Ayeka
must of started it. She is a sorceress you know.”Sasami said. Bit took this
time to
sneak out of here and into the frige to steal a couple of cupcakes. Lina
stoped him in
his act of trying to steal a couple. “BIT CLOUD, WHAT ARE YOU DOING WITH MY
CUPCAKES?!?!?!?!” Lina yelled in a rage.
Nic:Bit run for you're life.
~*~
Amethyst: I think that i am comming along with this fic good enough, right
Liger?
Liger:Roar.....
Amethyst; >.> It isnt bad you evil .....evil.....THINGY!
Zoe:Hmmmmm.  Liger thinks it is bad to
Well anyway Send personal comments to MageReiku@aol.com
Msters thoughts.
Nic:Go back to spelling school.
Friskie:It made no sense.
Zoe:And This is only chapter 1.
This is my fifth mst.  Please c&c.
Stinger:

“BIT CLOUD, WHAT ARE YOU DOING WITH MY
CUPCAKES?!?!?!?!” Lina yelled in a rage.
Nic:Bit run for you're life.
