Disclamer: Not mine, damnit!  Belongs to AIC and Pioneer, although I'm sure 
you already know that.  So don't sue me.  I spend all my money on Tenchi 
Muyo anyway, so you're already getting my money!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             Too Late

	By the time Tenchi realized what had happened, it was over.  And
he only had himself to blame.
	It happened during Mihoshi and Kiyone's party.
	"A toast!" Sasami cheered.  "To Mihoshi and Kiyone.  The
best Galaxy Police in the universe!"
	Everybody raised their glasses in agreement.
	"Congradulations on your promotions, you two." Tenchi smiled.
	"I'd like to toast to Kiyone." Mihoshi smiled.  "Your the best
partner I could have."
	"Thank you Mihoshi.  And I'd also like to raise a toast to Tenchi."
	"You have been a great host and friend.  You have welcomed us
into your home, and given us a wonderful place to spend our offtime.  I wish
our new jobs would allow this to continue."
	"What?" Tenchi said surprised.  They hadn't said anything about this.
	"Our new positions.  We'll be on the other side of the Galaxy, serving
on Planet Jurai, where all the action is.  I'm sure we'll be able to visit occasionally,
but not as often as we do now.  Maybe every couple of years..." Kiyone trailed
off, and looked nervously away.
	"Umm, maybe we should go now." Mihoshi said glumly.
	"You're not even going to stay the night?"
	"Sorry, Tenchi, but we're already pressed if we're going to make
our designated docking time.  We really should be going." Kiyone sighed as
she and Mihoshi picked up their bags from the kitchen, and prepared to leave.
	"Wait!" Ayeka cried.
	"What is it?"
	"Well, I didn't know you were leaving so soon.  I-I-I have an
anouncement to make as well."
	"What is it Ayeka?" Tenchi asked, nervously.  Ayeka didn't look
very happy.
	"Well, as you know, I've been at my father's side for the past couple
of months, and I just got back last week."
	"Yeah.  You've been pretty quiet since then." Ryoko mused.  "Is 
something wrong, Princess?"
	"Yes, well no.  Both...yet neither.  While father was sick, I took care 
of most of his tasks, along with the help of a nobleman, named Kiryu.  Although 
we didn't agree on every issue, he made sure that we acted together when we 
announced a decision, to keep the spirits of the people up, and to maintain their 
respect in their leaders.  I spent much time with him, and grew to know him as a 
kind and gentle man, intelligent, but not haughty.  He always stands up for my 
people's rights, and has made me realize how my vanity has caused me to err in 
the past.  My father is retiring from his position, and a successor must be named.
I feel that, with Kiryu at my side, we can make the Jurian Empire greater than it 
has ever been before.  And thus, I have chosen him as my husband.  I am sorry,
Lord Tenchi."
	Tenchi tried to speak, but no words came out, for he had no idea
what to say.
	"Mihoshi.  Kiyone.  Perhaps Sasami and I should leave with you.
It is proper for Princesses to have an escort."
	"It would be an honor."  Kiyone said, glancing at Tenchi's shocked
face.
	"It appears you have won, Miss Ryoko." Ayeka smiled solemnly.
"Tenchi is yours."
	"Oh, why now?" Ryoko muttered, raising a hand to her forehead.
Tenchi glanced at her, then looked hard.  A simple, but elegant, diamond ring
rested upon one finger.
	Tenchi wasn't the only one to notice.
	"What's that ring for?" Sasami chirped.  "Is that an engagement ring?
Did Tenchi propose?"
	"Yes, it is an engagement ring, but it's not Tenchi's.  He's a 
photographer that I've been modeling for."
	"So that's where you've been going." Katsuhito commented.  Tenchi
thought about it.  It was true, that she hadn't been hanging around him as much,
as before, but he had attributed it to Ayeka's absence taking the challenge out
of getting his attention.
	"Yes.  He knows everything, about my past, my powers, Ryo-oh-ki,
everything.  And he accepts them.  We'll be married soon, a small wedding, 
before we tour the world."
	"But, why?" Tenchi said, his head still reeling from what was
happening.
	"Because he loved me back Tenchi.  He gave me the attention I
wanted, the attention I needed, that you could never give me.
	"I should probably leave.  I have a standing invitation at his place.  
Perhaps that...would be best."
	Awkwardly, the five girls took what little belongings they needed,
and hastily left, saying muted farewells as they did.  Tenchi just sat there, his
world spinning out of control, unable to grab hold of anything.
	"Wait!" Washu cried as she bolted from her lab, towards the front
door.
	"What seems to be the hurry, Miss Washu?" Katsuhito asked.
	"I need a ride.  Kagato's lab was found.  I have to catalogue and
study his old experiments, as well as reclaim some of mine which he stole from
me."
	"No!" Tenchi yelled, tears welling in his eyes."Please!  Don't go!  
Don't...leave me."
	"I'm sorry Tenchi." Washu said, tears in her eyes as well.  "But
the lost wisdom could save countless lives.  No single person's heart can stand
up to that, not even yours."
	Washu bowed, and hurried out the door.  The sound of wood sliding
against wood seemed to fill the room, and with a loud thud, it was silent.
	Everything was as it had been before.
	And Tenchi was alone.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Okay, I know it's not that good, but I wanted to try my hand at a short, sad fic.
I would've liked to build up to it, but I didn't want it to be too obvious what was
going to happen.  Well send all comments and other stuff to okuhn@ucsd.edu