DISCLAIMER: All the Tenchi Seriese are property 
of AIC and Pioneer, (apart from the episodes\ stories 
Tenchi's Choice, Tokimi's Gambit, Tokimi's Return, 
A Day In The life Of Nobiyuki, When Spring Had Passed,
The Dryad Guest, Lovers In Summer and An Evening Stroll 
which are property of The Jetset) as are all the characters
therein (except Kazekera, Demo-nisshu and 'Chris' who 
are also property of the Jetset)
The novels are copyright of Nahoko Hasagawa,
and this universe arrangement is copyright of
The Jetset (Jinchi, Kage Maru 3:16 and 
Jim 'Diabolo' Moore) 7/8/01 at 10:30
			
			TENCHI O-RUSTA©-
			AN EXPLANATION
Somewhere along the line when we decided to write fan fics
which co-incideded, we realised we wanted things not just
from the OAVs or just from the T.V. Series, but parts, ideas,
mindsets, plot developments, etc. etc. from every corner of the
Tenchi universe. This meant that, if everything was to be 
satisfactory we had to explain exactly where everything came
from and how the very different universes of Tenchi fitted 
together. So this is a model for how everything in Tenchi
is arranged BEFORE our fan fics- a model we like to call
The Tenchi O-Rusuta Universe. If you are not planning to
read any of the fan fics relating to O-Rusuta, then this
is probably the most pointless fic you will ever read so don't
bother doing it. But if you ARE, it's essential. No, really.


This is a warning- WE WILL PONTIFICATE THROUGHOUT THIS MODEL.
If you do not know what this means, it is basically laying down
facts- saying 'this IS this' and 'that IS that' rather than saying
'it could be or maybe the other way round...'
There are other ways to do things, but they would require much more
explanation and re-interpretation, cutting and slicing etc. etc.
and we all love Tenchi so much we don't want to cut anything out.
It's NOT that were just lazy- this took a lot of work, too.

NOTE ONE: THE MANGA	
Basically because more and more of the Tenchi Manga is
made everyday, as well as thousands of fan Dojin, it is
very difficult to say where they happen. Of course, several
characters from the Manga such as Minagi and Peter Fenre
appear in the O-Rusuta universe, but there are some episodes
which could appear anywhere within the OAVs, such as one
where Misaki tries to convince Tenchi to marry Ayeka (which
you can find on GenSoa's homepage- praises to the Godfather).
So just take the episodes where you find them.

NOTE TWO: THE NOVELS
We have not read the Tenchi novels yet, but since they are
so deeply plotted it would be almost impossible to try to
reconcile them with any other universe model. This is not
to say we ignore them completely in O-Rusuta- just that everything
written there in is not cast iron in our view and will be 'bent'
if nessecary (but not twisted, oh dear no).

NOTE THREE: TIMESPAN	
Probably anyone who was champing at the bit to see who Tenchi chose
in the third OAV will probably take one look at this model and
say- "But it goes past the third OAV, out the other side, into 
PRETTY SAMMY and BOTH T.V. serieses AS WELL AS the movies- we know
Tenchi's a bit fussy, but after all that you'd have to be clueless 
to not choose a girl!" Well, that maybe so. But also you have to 
take into account that both The Pretty Sammy thing we devised 
(see below) AND Tokimi's tricks at the beginning of the Tenchi T.V. 
seriese (see futher below) both put a damper on Tenchi's relations 
(making it seem like Tenchi Universe followed directly on from 
OAV 16). 
Also if you assume most Tenchi episodes take more or less a day AND
the movies only a little longer,Tenchi had only known the girls 
for 2 years at the most, and this is only because the Movies 
"Tenchi Muyo in Love 1" and "Tenchi Muyo in Love 2" 
were set 2 years apart. Those two years don't even have to be REAL 
years, if TMIL 1 was at the end of one year and TMIL 2 was at the 
beginning of another. There are roughly 176 days encompassed by 
all the seriese- that's not even one year!

NOTE FOUR:
There are other incongruities not mentioned here- for example,
the continued change in the apperances of the Tenchi-Ken, and
the (perhaps) false memories which confuse our gang...however,
those have an explanation which is far too secret to mention
now. 

If there is anything you feel we have left out or which is badly 
melded, please feel free to say by contacting us at
jetset@ntlworld.com

Miho-Kiyo Timeline

After meeting at GP headquarter and being assigned together 
(possibly through The Grand Marshall), and being given
Yujinoko, they spent 'The Dark Days' together- this was when
Mihoshi started to drive Kiyone a bit mad. Then after the
events in The Mihoshi Special, Kiyone, presumed dead, followed
Mihoshi on a mad rampage of revenge. Although she never caught
up with the blonde detective, in the course of it she actually
caught the perpetrators on the Ultra Energy Matter fraud 
operations and was promoted to an office job at the G.P., given
the Yagami and settled down. Mihoshi heard about Kiyone's antics
and decided not to bother her until she calmed down and 
decided to 'be nice'- to this end she started going to uncharted,
backwater planets such as Earth, where she found her niche.
When Yujinoko broke down (in our version of OAV 3) for lack
of power, she stayed on Earth because there was no other option.
Meanwhile Kiyone had forgiven Mihoshi and even felt guilty
that she had turned "majin"...the life she had wished for seemed
so empty now. So she went looking for Mihoshi, who was now
presumed dead...although the Grand Marshall seemed curiously
unaffected. He let her take the Yagami around and suggested
she take a look in the SOL system. 
Here she finally fell, and began her life with Tenchi and
his extended family. 

OAV 1:
Episode #1  "Ryoko Resurrected"
Episode #2  "Aeka Arrives"
Episode #3  "Hello Ryo-ohki"
Episode #4  "Mihoshi falls in the Land of the Stars"
Episode #5  "Kagato Attacks"
Episode #6  "We Need Tenchi"
Ryo-ohki Special:  Episode #7  "The Night Before the Festival"

OAV 2:
Episode #8  "Hello Baby"
Episode #9  "Sasami and Tsunami"
Episode #10  "I Love Tenchi"
Episode #11  "The Advent of the Goddess"
Episode #12  "Zero Ryoko"
Episode #13  "Here Comes Jurai" 
Episode #13A "Here Comes Jurai 2"
Episode #14  "Mihoshi Special: "Mihoshi's Galaxy Police Space Adventure"
		Kiyone makes her debut in this one-off
MOVIE: "Tenchi Muyo in Love"
OAV 3:
	OAV three will be realesed soon and so I am not commiting 
	myself. However there are some things about it which I have 
	decided to put in. For example, at times during the series 
	Tenchi dreams about a mysterious character named 'Demo-nisshu' 
	who introduces himself as Tenchi's 
	"Dark side. Not evil just...dark" 
	who he must confront several times. 
	Despite Demo-nisshu's willingness to help Tenchi, 
	Tenchi rejects a lot of his advice because he believes him 
	to be treacherous.
Episode #15  ????
Episode #16  "No Need for Partners!" 
	Kiyone returns in this episode taken from T.V. seriese 1
	Kiyone may appear in a completely different way when the OAV 
	is FINALLY released, but I like the espisode so much 
	(especially the 'What happened to the scene I was just in?' 
	sequence) I decided to put it here.
Episode #17  ????  
Episode #18  ????
MOVIE: "Manatsu no Eve" (AKA in the US: "Daughter of Darkness")
	At the end of this Mayuka goes off to Jurai to train her 
	power. (Note: this may not be exactly here in reality,
	but it is indicated that Matsao no Eve happens somewhere
	in the OVA series after Kiyone arrives.)
Episode #19  ????
Episode #20  ????
Episode #21  "Tenchi's Choice"? *
	Tenchi is confronted by Demo-nisshu yet again who
	warns him that something terrible is going to
	happen soon. Another being identified only as
	Chris also tells him- the say that whatever
	Tenchi's choice is, 'it will be wrong now'.
	Although Tenchi still does not trust Demo-nisshu,
	he seems to be won over by Chris...until the end.
	Throughout the episode there are flashbacks to Tenchi's
	time with Ayeka and Ryoko giving ambiguous clues to
	who he will choose, and his is about to ask her when
	he is dragged into the Pretty Sammy Construct and the
	picture he was carrying of who he was going to choose is
	smashed on the steps of the shrine. 

Pretty Sammy- the Magical Construct
Washu created a dimensional 
construct called the 'Pretty Sammy' construct
which allows Tsunami and Sesami to get to 
know each other better through a fantasy world
where Tsunami gives Sesami powers. She successfully
made three previous situations for them to test
out the world 
(also known as the three Pretty Sammy OAVs-
Episode #1  "The Magical Girl" 
Episode #2  "Revenge of the Electro Brain" 
Episode #3  "Super Kiss" )
but both Sesami and Tsunami thought this was too short
to really see what could be achieved. So Washu created a
new much longer set of situations which would bring the
same conclusion. Unfortunatly, due to a malfuntion in the
psuedo space tuner, everyone who was replicated in the Pretty
Sammy World by software is dragged into their 'part'. 

Episode #1:  "Samy is Born!" 
Episode #2:  "Samy Goes Training!" 
Episode #3:  "A Perfect Score Deserves Sukiyaki!" 
Episode #4:  "Jump That Box!" 
Episode #5:  "The Debut Event of the Century" 
Episode #6:  "Don't Let Her Hold the Ball!" 
Episode #7:  "A Master of Natural Calamity" 
Episode #8:  "The Mid-Summer Santa" 
Episode #9:  "The Island of Love Love Monsters" 
Episode #10:  "East VS West" 
Episode #11:  "The Lost Wand" 
Episode #12:  "Blue Sky Army Forever!" 
Episode #13:  "I Want You" 
Episode #14:  "The Boy Called Boss" 
Episode #15:  "Baby Samy" 
Episode #16:  "Viva! Love Warriors!" 
Episode #17:  "Don't Cry Misa!" 
Episode #18:  "The High Pressure Girl" 
Episode #19:  "When the Rose Petals Fall, Magic Quietly Disappears" 
Episode #20:  "Friends - Eye to Eye, Hand in Hand" 
Episode #21:  "Thank You Magic!" 
Episode #22:  "The Third Magical Girl" 
Episode #23:  "The Goddess of Destruction" 
Episode #24:  "It's Hell on the Moon!" 
Episode #25:  "New Technology" 
Episode #26:  "And a Triumphant Victory!" 


After this they are all disorientated by the psuedo-universe,
and Tenchi, Ayeka and Ryoko all forget that Tenchi was supposed
to make his choice, and so they carry on as if the OAVs had only
got to Episode #16 with a few extra memories (the Pretty Sammy 
Construct only offers solid, temporally correct memories for Sesami 
and Tsunami, the others have more dream like memories). This was good 
because Tenchi's apparitions Demo-nisshu and Chris told him it was not 
right. Also for some reason (having been Pretty Sammy's talking pet for 
so long) Ryo-Ohki looses her ability to become humaniod until Washu 
restores it in "Kazekera".

Tenchi Universe
Epsiode #1 Tokimi's gambit *
	Tokimi wipes the Tenchi gang's memories of selected
	events, such Tenchi's heritage, Yosho's true identity
	and the most recent parts of Tenchi, Ryoko and Ayeka's
	relationships. She only tells Washu and Tsunami why- it
	is because Kagato has been resurrected, and it is her debt 
	to make sure he is defeated. Only by wiping their memories
	of Kagato's original incarnation will they have the right
	mindset to defeat him again. She reveals that he will take
	Yosho's place as Juraian emperor, because if he did not
	he would be hidden and kill all of the Masaki family. 
	She tells her sisters to beware, but then wipes their
	memeories as well, leaving the Tenchi gang to get on with
	lives for a while...
	NOTE: The wipes damage Yosho and Washu's relationship,
	which was also growing to a climax in OAV 21.
Episode #2 No Need for Resident Officers!
Episode #3 No Need for a Genius!
Episode #4 No Need for Memories!
	In this episode Ayeka is sure Tenchi must be from Jurai...but
	she does not remeber. Also Azaka and Kamadake say that Jurian
	sap 'must work on humans' because Tenchi is cured by it.
	Nobiyuki acts as if he does not know Achika's true race when 
	he is by her grave, so he makes no connection to Yosho being
	an alien. Yosho is the only one who retains he knowledge of
	Tenchi's jurian heritage.
Episode #5 No Need for an Arch Rival!
	In this episode Ken-Ohki turns up- he and Ryo-Ohki fall in 'cabbit
	love' over a carrot. This is important because their relationship
	encounters problems when Ryo-Ohki's transforming ability from the
	OAVs is restored in "Kazekera".
Episode #6  "Time and Space Adventures    Part I"
Episode #7  "Time and Space Adventures    Part II"
	We see traces of the Pretty Sammy Construct in this episode.
Episode #8  "Time and Space Adventures    Part III"
Episode #9  "No Need for a Rebellion!"
	The first time we see the far reaching effects of the memory 
	wipe- The Juraians have elected Kagato and Yosho and Ayeka's 
	family have been evacuated.
	It is also probable that they have had their memories wiped- 
	but they are seen very little or not at all in this series so 
	it is impossible to tell
Episode #10  "No Need for an Escape!"
Episode #11  "No Need for Hiding!"
Episode #12  "No Need for Hunger!"
Episode #13  "No Need for a Ghost!"
Episode #14  "No Need for Runaways!"
Episode #15  "No Need for Swimsuits!"
	Again we see Ken-Ohki and Ryo-Ohki's relationship flower.
Episode #16  "No Need for a Checkpoint!"
Episode #17  "No Need for Knights!"
	In this episode they learn of Yosho's true identity etc. etc.
Episode #18  "No Need for Karma!"
Episode #19  "No Need for Ryoko!"
Episode #20  "No Need for a Showdown!"
Episode #21  "No Need for a Conclusion" 
Episode #21A "Tokimi's return" *
	In this episode it shows how Tokimi gave everyone back their 
	memories BEFORE and during Episode 21.
	She even tracks down Ryoko and tells her where to find Tenchi.
	Everyone comes back because they realise the relationships 
	between them ran deeper than they thought, especially Ayeka
	and Ryoko whose memories are restored to the last OVA where
	they remember Tenchi was about to make his choice. 
	Tokimi explains to Tenchi about what was going on, and he
	tells everyone else. As he does, they finally realise what had
	been going on and why not everything in the past months has 
	fitted together. However, Tokimi warns Washu and Tsunami that 
	there is 'an old enemy' on the horizon, and that 'even darker 
	forces' are further on...

Shin Tenchi:
	Although it is not metioned in the series, during his 
	spititual training Tenchi is again confronted by Demo-nisshu, his 
	dark side, who tells him that there is darkness behind what 
	is happening. Tenchi will still not believe Demo-nisshu, but he 
	begins to understand him as Yugi makes her moves.
	In O-Rusuta, some of 'Cherry Blossom' is changed because the
	whole new cast re-introductions bit is freaked and frankly messes
	the whole thing up.
	What happens here is that the girls have been sent to one of
	Washu's psuedo-space creations to have some fun together, when
	they are pulled out to help Tenchi fight off evil spirits.
	This opens a rift in psuedo-space which connects Tokyo and Okayama.
Episode #1  "Chery Blossom"
Episode #2  "Matchmaking"
Episode #3  "Love game"
Episode #4  "Virgin Road"
Episode #5  "Earn money!"
Episode #6  "Labyrinth"
Episode #7  "The day when they met Tenchi"
Episode #8  "At the party"
Episode #9  "Ruins"
Episode #10  "Rouge"
Episode #11  "Ryoohki runs away!"
Episode #12  "Latin papa"
Episode #13  "Dark moon"
Episode #14  "Deadly Hitchhike"
Episode #15  "Festival - Start of love & end of peace"
Episode #16  "Festival"
Episode #18  "Day of departure"
Episode #20  "Investigation of Mihoshi and Kiyone"
Episode #21  "After the dream of Yuugi"
Episode #22  "Lonliness"
Episode #24  "Dream story"
Episode #25  "Flower falls, after you leaves..."
Episode #26  "Grand finale!"

Tenchi Muyo in Love 2- "A Far Away Feeling" (AKA in the US: "Tenchi 
Forever")

TENCHI O-RUSUTA ©\ O-RUSUTA TENCHI© AKA Tenchi All Stars

Here is just a little Taste of What will happen on the horizon...

Epsiode #0 A Day In The life Of Nobiyuki
Episode #1 Kazekera Part 1: When Spring Had Passed
Episode #2 Kazekera Part 2: The Dryad Guest
Episode #3 Kazekera Part 3: Lovers In Summer
Episode #4 Kazekera Part 4: An Evening Stroll

And much MUCH more!

If you want to use this universe arrangment for anything else,
although you can probably think of something better, all you need
do is e-mail and put us on your disclaimer. We would be happy to
let you use it.
Yrs.
The Jetset
(Jim 'Diabolo' Moore, Kage Maru 3:16, Jinchi)
jetset@ntlworld.com