I don't own these characters. I'm not making any money off of them. Please
don't sue me, I'm poor.
This is a rewrite. Suppose Yosho told Tenchi the truth instead of the story
about a demon?

Truth and honor
By, Clayton Overstreet.

  Tenchi tried to squease through the bars of the cave gate. He just had to
know what was in there. Suddenly he felt a hand on his shoulder Tenchi
turned around and saw his grandfather standing there. "Tenchi, you know you
aren't supposed to go in there." Tenchi looked up at the old man. "Why not?
What's in there." Yosho bit his lip. He had told the story so many times 
befor
that he was starting to forget the truth. Maybe he should tell his grandson 
the
real story. "Tenchi do you remember the story I always tell people about the
Misaki shrine and the cave?" Tenchi nodded. "The one about a demon."
  Yosho nodded. "Yes. There is something you need to know about that
story.It's only partly true." Tenchi sat on the rock and listened to his
grandfather's words. "What's the whoel truth grandpa?" Yosho smiled and
shook his head. "The truth is the being trapped in the cave is not a demon. 
In
reality she is a very mistreated and enslaved person." Tenchi bit his lip 
and
looked deeper into the cave. "Is... is she my friend? That gorl i play with 
by
the cave that mommy can't see?" Yosho nodded. "I believe so Tenchi. Does
this friend of yours have light blue hair and cat-like eyes?" He nodded. 
"She
is standing right beside you." Yosho looked from side to side. "I haven't 
seen
her since the day I sealed her in the cave."
  Tenchi's eyes widend, "But grandpa, you said it was sevenhundred years
ago." Yosho nodded, "It was. She and I are both from another world. A
world she was forced to attack by a man named Kagato..."

(Flashback)

  Yosho watched as the demon came closer to the capital, fire rising in her
wake. He had heard terrible stories about Ryoko durring his entire life. He
had found the master key and was preparing to go to meet her in battle. His
moher grabbed his shoulder. "Yosho, be careful." He turned and smiled. "I
will mother." He turned and jumped from the balcony, running to the last
plume of smoke. When he arrived he could see her. The demon had cornered
a family. The Juraians huddled in the corner, to terrified to make any 
sound.
Yosho snuck up behind the demon and prepared the sword. But just befor
he attacked, he heard her speak.
  "Kagato... please don't make me do this. They can't stop me. Why do I
have to kill them?" Suddenly her eyes glowed bright red as a green beam hit
her from above. Yosho looked up and saw a man floating there. He was pale
with white hair and yellow eyes. "Ryoko, you must kill them because I order
you to. After we have taken Tsunami I will destroy this world and then... 
then
I will punish you for this defiance. But until then..." A smiled exactly 
like his
appeared on the demon's face. Her eyes stared straigh ahead as she formed
an energy sword. Yosho who had frozen in place was suddenly hit by a wave
of blood hitting his face.
  Yosho held perfectly still. He had let his people die. He had stood there 
and
watched while they were destroyed. At that moment he decided that he was
not the right man to lead these people. He would defete Ryoko... then leave.
The man... Kagato she had called him, flew back into the air and disapeared.
Ryoko took off towards the capital again. Yosho, blood still dripping from
his face, ran after her. He called out at her and she turned, the same blank
look still in her eyes, "Ryoko, I know you don't want to do this, but if you 
do
not stop now I will be forced to kill you!" Kagato's voice came from her
mouth, making her seem that much more monsterous. "You think you can
beat my greatest weapon Yosho?" Flecks of light headed towards the gem
in her right arm and a beam flashed by Yosho's head.
  Summoning up the blade in the master key Yosho jumped at Ryoko and
sliced at her arm, cutting off one of her gems. He decapitated arm flashed
away in fire and the gem appeared on the hilt of the sword. Kagato made her
mouth frown as she healed her arm. "So you have discovered the secret of
her power. She will still defete you and destroy your pitiful world." Ryoko
held up her arm and suddenly her space ship appeared above her. It
teleported her aboard and blasted at Yosho. Holdign tightly to the key it
glowed brightly and suddenly his space ship was there aswell. He found
himelf on the bridge. Giving the order to Funaho his ship fired upon Ryo-oki
and blasteed out a large chunk.
  At the same time in space Kagato's ship was discovered by the Juraian
defences. Swearing he ordered Ryo-oki to lead the prince away while he
got out of the area. Onboard Ryo-oki Ryoko watched out the view screen.
Summoning his image she saw Yosho on his ship. "Thank you..." Yosho bit
his lip and watched her on the screen, both ships still exchanging fire. 
"You
do not have to do this Ryoko. Give up now and I'll explain to the 
counsil..."
  Ryoko shook her head, "No. Kagato still controls me as long as I have my
power. I will never be free of him and he has ordered me to destroy you."
Yosho nodded in understanding. "You will fail... because you want to wont
you?" She nodded. Looking out into space Yosho tried to come up with
some way to stop the pointless bloodshed. "Ryoko do your systems show
you that star... the yellow one over there?" He pointed to her star maps
behind her head. She turned and nodded. "Yes, I see it. " Yosho told her of
the third planet in the system, a place where he felt they could fight 
freely. She
agreed and both of their ships headed for that planet.
  Yosho's ship hit her dome just as they entered the atmospere. Ryo-oki shot
back and his hit main thrusters. Both of them crahsed to the planet's 
surface.
Ryo-oki landed in the lake, while Yosho's hit in the forest. Yosho ran 
through
the trees towards the lake, watching on all sides for Ryoko. When he cleared
the woods he saw her standing by the lake. Her eyes once again glowed a
deep red and Kagato spoke through her mouth.
  "So you have managed to turn her against me Yosho. Well then you are
welcome to her. Ofcourse even if you do defete her you will still be trapped
on that planet, but that is not my concern." Ryoko lunged at him and took a
swipe with her sword. Yosho dodged and sliced off her other arm, that gem
too appearing in the sword. Ryoko fell back grasping her arm while it 
healed.
Yosho ran forward and impailed her through the neck in the last gem. She
struggled like a puppet on strings befor falling unconsious.
  Yosho carried her back to his ship and placed her in a containment
chamber. He did a scan of the area and found a cave. He built his home near
that cave and used the pieces of his ship to construct a place to keep 
Ryoko.
When the local people came he claimed it was a shrine and told the story of
a demon from the sky and a great prince who stopped her.

  Tenchi looked at his grandfather in amazement. "But how are you still 
alive
after all this time?" Yosho smiled. "I should have died when my tree took
root. But Ryoko's gems in the sword kept me alive." Tenchi looked at the
ghostly form of his friend behind his grandfather. She nodded. "Then if she 
is
good why wont you let me free her?" Yosho sighed and looked into the cave.
"Because Kagato may still be alive. And because her presence will bring
people from my world who wont be as forgiving as I was. You do not have
the skills to protect her. And she will not admit to needing any help even 
if
they are killing her." Tenchi laughed as Ryoko made a face at Yosho.
  Yosho frowned at the spot his grandson was looking at. "Tenchi, do you
realy want to let her out?" Tenchi nodded still watching his friend... Ryoko
was what his grandfather had called her. "Then you will have to agree to do
exactly what I say. And when you are good enough, then you can set her
free." Tenchi pouted and looked up at his grandfather. "I'm good enough now.
Or you could protect her. You said you were still young realy so why don't
you protect her from these people?" Yosho sighed sadly. "I can't reveil 
myself
because they would want me to go back. I can't do that Tenchi." Tenchi bit
his lip and looked at Ryoko who smiled at him. "Ok I'll train with you
grandpa."

  On the day Achika died Tenchi ran to the cave to see Ryoko. His grandpa
had explained that his mother's power was what had allowed him to see
Ryoko and had taught him how to do it himself. Tenchi arrived at the cave
and saw her standing by the entrance. He had come here more and more
lately, telling her about his mother's ilness. He looked up at Ryoko and saw
that she already knew why he had come. Tears falling from his eyes Tenchi
sat on the rock and she hugged him. Her arms passed through him but he
appriciated the gesture.
  Yosho had seen him run to the cave. He had been at Nobiyuki's house to
stay with his daughter and despite the distance to the shrine, he knew where
his grandson had gone. It was then that he knew his daughter was dead and
he cried aswell. Hsi son in law had gone to Achika's room and could be
heard crying through the door. It was not a good day for anyone.

  Tenchi's last day of school was a slow one. He had tried his hardest all 
year
to make sure he wouldn't have to stay in summer school. He recieved his
diploma and with his father had walked to his grandfather's shrine." Yosho
smiled at Tenchi and handed him the rusted keys for the lock in the cave.
Nobiyuki had never believed that Tenchi was the one chosen to release a
space demon from the cave, but had always enjoyed the story and knew that
it gave Tenchi something to do after school to train with his grandfather.
Though he wasn't sure it was healthy for Tenchi to have an imaginary friend 
at
his age.
  Tenchi apprached the mouth of the cave. Ryoko was there waiting for him
smiling as she opened the lock and entered the dark cave without even
glancing back. Yosho clapped Nobiyuki on the shoulder and both men
walked away to leave Tenchi alone. "He'll be back later Nobiyuki. "
Nobiyuki nodded and followed the old man.
  Tenchi walked down the dark cave, Ryoko dancing just ahead of him. She
was smiling and hugging him all the way. Tenchi reached the end of the cave
and opened the small house drawing out the sword his grandfather had told
him about. Summoning his Jurai power the rusted blade in the sword cracked
and shatters. Tenchi smiled and turned to the smaller boulder infront of the
wall. He used the sword and split it in half. The wall behind it opened up 
and
Ryoko flew ahead down the dark passage.
  Tenchi followed... then slipped and fell down the slanted wet floor. "Ow!"
When he got up and looked around he saw the walls around him glowing. He
saw a glowing pool in the middle of the room and approached it. Inside he
could see Ryoko's mummified body. He reached in to pull her out and felt her
take his hand. When he pulled her out he was shocked. She was alot worse
than his grandfather had described, and the mask on her face made her look
like a demon. Her eyes glowed yellow and she looked at him, "Teeennnchii..."
Tenchi lifted off the mask reveiling her face. "Ryoko... Is it realy you?" 
She
nodded, her dry skin cracking around her neck. Then she reached out and
kissed him.
  Tenchi kissed her back, though he was slightly put off as he felt her 
cracked
lips touch his. He closed his eyes and held her close to him. Suddenly her 
lips
softerned  against his and he opened his eyes on suprise. She pulled back
and smiled, her face slowly filling out. A tear fell from her eye as she 
looked
at him. Tenchi smiled and hugged her close. "I've waited so long to meet you
Tenchi. It was cold, and dark, and..." Tenchi smiled and hugged her. "How
would you like to come out into the sun with me?" Ryoko nodded and took
his hand. Together they walked into the sunlight, totaly prepared for what 
was
to come.

The end

Author's note
  So what do you think? I kept wondering what would happen if Yosho
weren't a caniving, lieing bastard whi ruined his sister's, his grandson's, 
and
Ryoko's lives by starting love triangles and scaring Tenchi with stories of
demons. Incase you haven't guessed my oppinion of Yosho is a very low one.
So I wrote a story where the green haired jerk actualy did right by his
grandson and told him the truth from the begining. If you wish to comment
just email me at: clayton_n@hotmail.com

