The Turtle of Love is a spaceship shaped like a turtle and is owned by Nic42p 
and his cat Mr.

Friskie.  Their job is to look at bad Tenchi fics after they takeoff and land 
safely after the fic.



The day started out as always Nic eating and Friskie as Nic called him was 
sleeping on the couch.  

Todays the big day Friskie.  Our first fic to mst.  "Whats it called" Friskie 
asked just waking up.

It's called Tenchi and Co. vs. USA Today.  "Oh so now Tenchi is after our 
favorite newspaper" said

Friskie.  Yup and that is why we are doing it.  And so friskie and Nic went to 
the ship and took off for the day.  

And now Nic and Friskie present.

Tenchi and Co. vs. USA Today

The seating order in the theater is from left to right Nic and Friskie sitting 
on top of his chair.

Nic: oh boy here we go

Friskie: (sarcasticly) yay

Well, checking back here and noticed the fics, but no-one did
Tenchi ... <evilgrins>

All: (old geezer) EVIL

Let's write, shall we?

All: Lets not and say we did

Here's my pitiful
addition to the fray ^_-

Nic: Don't wink at me please

     -----------------------------------------------------

Friskie: Rip here and burn

Somewhere in the countryside of Japan, in a nice-sized house ...

   It's a peaceful day. Birds singing, wind blowing through the
trees,

Nic: People mooning eachother

 you know, things like that. Until:

Ryoko  : "Kyaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!"

Friskie: (Ryoko) My hair is Blue!!!

 It's unfortunate that Tenchi was sitting almost right next to
everyone's favorite space pirate.



All: She isn't our favorite

Tenchi : "Ahh! Ryoko! What is it?"

Friskie: (Ryoko)Tenchi my hair is blue

Ryoko  : <slams paper down on coffee table> "Look at this ... this ..."

Nic: Nice table

Ayeka  : <glances at paper> "I believe the term you're looking for is,
  er, BS?"

Nic: Well she just went out of character.

Kiyone : "This ... this is horrible!" <skims through article> "I
  can't believe this! We can't condone it!"

Nic: What does condone mean?

Mihoshi: "Actually, Kiyone was just telling me- " <Kiyone glares at
  Mihoshi> " ... that she was watching something the other day, I
  can't remember what,

Friskie: Well she's still in Character

 and she said, 'Mihoshi, don't you think that
  this anime is just a piece of - "

Friskie: Insert bad word here

Kiyone : "SHUT UP, YOU!!!!!" <clamps hand over Mihoshi's mouth> "Uh,
  he he, you know Mihoshi, doesn't know what she's saying ... "

All    : <sweatdrops> "Uh, yes ... "

All: We do

Ryoko  : "Well, we can't just sit here and do nothing, right?" <flaps
  tail, eyes start glowing just a little>

Friskie: I can't flap my tail

Nic: (Ryoko) Knew I shouldn't have gotton that radiation in my eye

Ayeka  : "Er, yes. Well, maybe Washu can help us with this?"

Nic: Washu knows all

Friskie: someone really spelled Washu with one U

<Minna stands up and heads for the door under the steps.

All: Whos Minna?

 Ayeka glances
  around, thinking, "Where's Sasami?" then shrugs and follows the
  others, finding abovementioned Sasami with everyone else>

All: Oh thats Minna

<"Jukem jukem goko no serikere!!!" scene switch>

Nic: Friskie do you have any idea what that was about

Friskie: Nope

Washu  : " ... and program in the Fibonacci sequence ... add for a
  subspace phase variation ... "

Friskie: Don't know what that meant too





Ryoko  : "Washu-san!!!"

Nic: (Ryoko) Oops I meant chan

Washu  : "Wha- oh, it's you, Ryoko. You look happy. What is it?"

Nic: Why would she look happy if she is mad about it?

Friskie: I dunno

Ryoko  : "Read this!"

Washu  : <scans article> "Hmm ...

Friskie: (Washu) I am not a genius

 really? What's the VP of programming
  for the Cow and Chicken Network saying that our anime is drivel?"

All: Wow they are smarter than I thought

Ayeka  : "We were wondering if there was anything we could do about
  it, Miss Washu?"

Nic: She doesn't like being called miss

Washu  : "I've got it!"

Friskie: (Washu) I'm out of character

All    : "What! What is it?"

Washu  : "We bomb 'em all!!"

Nic: Oh so they want to go Pearl Harber on us eh

All    : <sweatdrop> "Um ... "

Washu  : "Ha ha! No, seriously, I've got just the thing!"

Friskie: Let me guess a BOMB!!!

Tenchi : "What's that?"

Friskie: Like I said a bomb

Washu  : "Remember my Dimensional Cause & Effect Controller?"

All; We hate to say it but yes

Ayeka  : <groans> "How could we forget?"

Washu  : "Well, I've done a little modifying ... instead of creating
  new realities based on certain criteria, it can now open matter
  conduits between realities and create nexuses between them as
  well!! See?"

Nic & Friskie: Say what

All    : "No, not at all."

Nic & Friskie: (facefault)

Washu  : "It can transmit matter between universes and make ... stopping
  points between them. NOW do you see?"

Nic: No you broke off in the middle

Ayeka  : "So what you're saying is that it can move things between
  universes?"

Washu  : "Yes! Exactly! <mutters> At least they caught on this time ..."

Kiyone : "What about living material?"

Nic: (Kiyone) Like us

Washu  : "Well, ... yes, that should work too."

Nic:  (Kiyone) cool

Ryoko  : <gets curious gleam in eye> "So what you're saying is that you
  could transport us to another dimension- "

Friskie: SHE HAS BEFORE

Washu  : "Reality."

Ryoko  : " ... whatever, and let us do ... whatever?"

Friskie: Why are they breaking off like that?

Nic: I dunno

Washu  : "Theoretically, yes .. "

Nic: Well she understands

Ryoko  : "All right! There's a first time for everything ... "

Nic: I don't like where this is going

 <turns to
   Tenchi>   "So, whaddya say we go show those USA Today freaks who's
   boss?"

All: That was uncalled for

Ayeka  : "Oh, no you don't! Tenchi is going with me." <grabs Tenchi's
  right arm>

Nic: Who didn't see this happening

Tenchi : "Oh, no ... "

All: We know

Ryoko  : "Whaddya mean, he's going with *you*?" <grabs left arm> "I
  asked first!"

Ayeka  : "The thought of him even considering going with you is
  unthinkable, you, you- "

Nic: (Ayeka) Monster

<Tenchi's eyes begin to go spiraly>

Kiyone : <sighs> "Look. Why don't we all go?"

Nic: Good Idea

Friskie: Yup

Ayeka & Ryoko: "That'd be a great idea!" <glare at each other,
  "hmph!",and turn backs on each other>

Friskie: This isn't good

Nic: Yup

Washu  : "Great! Let's get this figured out, then! Everyone
  into a seat!"

<Cautiously, Tenchi, the five girls, and the cabbit take a seat. To
  everyone's relief, they neither spin, disappear, or anything like
  that, but stay>

All: Well thats a new one

Washu  : "Okay! Hands OFF the controls this time, kiddies! Heinlein
  vector,  fourteen Fibonacci, and awahahay, we go!" <presses a large,
  red button and cackles>

Nic: She snaps cackles and pops

<From the center of the seats, a large beam of what appears to be laser
  light shoots up into a light receptacle on the ceiling. It gets
  brighter ...and brighter ... and- well, you get the idea.

All: We don't

 Finally, it
  splits off into seven parts, one for each chair.With a ritualistic
  scream, the travelers disappear>

Washu  : "That was fun!" <pikus> "Hey, wait for me!"

Friskie: What is a pikus

<"Doesn't Ryo-oh-ki have the cutest lisp in the Pioneer dub?" scene
switch>

All: Oooooooooookay

    There is a flash of light, and Tenchi & Co. are standing inside the
lobby of what appears to be the USA Today main office (surmised from the
large plaque reading "USA Today" on one wall). The time/space travelers
look around them as the author switches to normal writing for the "real"
world.

Nic: I think this is a semi self-insertion fic

    "So I guess it worked," said Tenchi after a few moments.
    Washu comes into substance behind him. "Well, of course it worked!
What did you expect?"
    "I think he thought that the machine would blow up, or have a
misset- " offered Mihoshi before Kiyone claps her hand over her mouth.

All: Again

    "What? No way! That's always user error," explained Washu, glancing
meaningfully at Ryoko.
    Ryoko didn't notice Washu's gaze, and did her wonderful little
disappearing-jump teleport over to the elevator. "Come on, we don't have
all day!"
    "Actually, Ryoko, we have- " began Tenchi.

Nic: well Tenchi broke off

    "Let's just get this over with," muttered Ayeka, grasping
Tenchi's... elbow and firmly propelling him toward the elevator.

<Ryoko vs. Ayeka scene switch>

    "And so, in conclusion- "
    "We demand an apology!!!"
    The door to the editors' office burst open, and in came ...
well,guess who.

All: Who

    "Who are these people?" demanded NE #1[1].

Friskie: Thats 1 not 2

    "Hi, I'm Ryoko!" With that, Ryoko leaped onto the large, circular
table that seems so popular in today's business setting. "And I demand
retribution!"
    "Erm?" asked NE #2.

Nic: (NE2) Baked erma anyone

    "What in blazes are you talking about?" queried NE #3.
    Washu shoved the newspaper, still in mint condition after the
turbulent vortices it had passed through in its journeys, into the face
of NE #4. Gasping,he saw the now-infamous headline, "US children safe
... " "Wh- what is the meaning of this?"

All: That is what we ask

    "Oh, come on. Haven't you caught on yet? I mean, come on, here's
Washu, Tenchi, Ayeka, Kiyone, Sasami, Mihoshi, and Ryoko," said
Ryo-oh-ki in that kawaii lisp.

Friskie: Ryo-ohki can't talk

    "I .. I don't have the faintest idea what you're talking about,"
said NE #2 faintly.
    Tenchi shrugged. "It figures."

Nic: Does not

    "These guys are worthless!"

Friskie: Are not

 exclaimed Ryoko. "I say we just torch
'em!"

All: nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

She brought her hands together, preparing to do just that.
    NE #1 paled. "Y- you can't do that!"
    "Actually, we can," said Ayeka, showing him a cleverly concealed
document.

Nic: Friskie where was that concealed ^_*

Friskie: Shut up Nic

Nic: ok

 He read: "Otaku Regulations. 1. You shall not kill Named
Otaku. 2. Any Nameless characters you come across are basically yours to
do whatever you want with."

All: Nice knowing you NE's

    "Hey, Ayeka, isn't that the Otaku Wars!- " started Mihoshi.
    "Quiet!" hissed Kiyone. "Does it matter?"

All: Yes

    Mihoshi shook her head slowly.
    "This is a waste of time," complained Washu. "Besides, I brought the
perfect thing to do the job." She showed everyone a silver sphere.

"What's that?"

Nic: (Washu) It is a ball made out of silver

    "It's a Contained Spatial Causality Device! A minor invention. Guess
what it does. C'mon, just guess!"

Friskie: Explode

    "I ... have ... no ... clue," said everyone in the room.
    "Oh, come on! It's a Contained Spatial Causality Device!"

Nic: You told us that

    Total, complete silence.
    Washu sighed. "Alright! It completely annihilates everything within
a certain amount of space!! Get it?!?"

Nic: Yup

    "Ooooh," said the Tenchi cast. The Nameless Editors blanched
visibly.
    "Gimme that thing!" cried Ryoko, grabbing it from Washu's hands.
Unfortunately, in doing so she pressed a small button on the side
marked "Activate".

Nic: Well this should be good

    Washu's voice emanated from the sphere. "Hi! Is this thing on? ...
Okay. This bomb has been ... <spooky voice> turned on ... and in about
five minutes everything in the room will be a couple wisps of vapor!
Ha ha! Neat, huh?"

All: (Facefault)

    The NE's screamed.
    "Well, look what you did, Ryoko," scolded Washu.
    "That's alright. Just turn it off!"
    "There isn't an off switch, baka!"

Nic: Washu called her daughter a pervert I think just now

    Ryoko made an extremely embarrased face, not unlike A-ko (but that's
another spamfic which someone else can do better than I).

All: You got that right

 "Um, I guess
we ... get out of here, ne?"

Nic: It is the knight who says Ne

    "Device detonation in ... oops, sorry, about one minute now!"
    The Nameless Editors sank in their chairs; Tenchi & Crew were
blocking the door.
    "Back ... to our reality!" cried Washu. "Everyone around me. Now,
I just press this button here ... " She did so.
    "Now what happens?!" demanded Kiyone.
    "Well, it takes some time for the signal to travel across the
realities and back ... but when it does, we're out of here!"
    "And how long is that going to take, Washu?" asked Ayeka calmly.
    "Oh, about half a minute to get there."

Nic: Ha they will die to and thats what you get when you mess with USA Today

    "HALF A MINUTE?!!?!?!?!?!" exploded Ayeka.

All: HAHA
    "Well, whaddya expect? We're traversing time and space as we know
it. Of course there's gonna be a little lag ... "
    "BUT THAT THING'S GONNA BLOW UP!!!" shouted Ryoko, summing up the
fears of most of the people in the room.
    "Well, if you hadn't grabbed it from my hands ... "
    "This is all your fault, Ryoko!" accused Ayeka.

Friskie: We know

    "Hey, I didn't see you doing anything brilliant!"
    "Were you trying to get us all killed!!??!"

Nic: Um whose talking

    "Ten ... nine ... eight ... "
    "Just shut UP!" yelled Ryoko, throwing one of her fireballs. Just
as it would have hit Ayeka, the Tenchi crew disappeared. Two seconds
later, the Nameless Editors jumped from their chairs. In another two
seconds the bomb went off.

All: Da Bomb BOOOOOOOOOOOMMM

<Pretty Sammy, Ryoko, and Ayeka scene switch>

    Huddled around a monitor in Washu's laboratory, Tenchi, Ryoko,
Ayeka, et al. listened.

Nic: That sentence made no sense

    "And finally, experts are baffled by the sudden collapse of the USA
Today building in New York.

All: BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

 Structural engineers at the site say that
the building collapsed due to a lack of support on the east side, where
the editorial offices were. Strangely, no wreckage from the offices
were found; it is as if they simply blinked out of existance."
    "And now, let's go to the weather desk- "

Friskie: (Newsmen) With Stormy Weathers

    "Well, it worked, didn't it?" asked Washu, barely heard over the
argument between Ryoko and Ayeka. Tenchi sat to one side, resting his
head on his hand and rolling his eyes. And so, here I leave you, glad
that anime is here for good, no matter what some misguided souls will
say. Because WE'RE the fans, and they're just ... people.

Nic: I'm Nic

Friskie: I'm Friskie

All: We are not people

 Otaku
forever!!!
WE WILL PREVAIL!!! <piku piku> anyway ...
--
 [1] Nameless Editor #1 ... he he he ...

All: Go NE#1 Go NE#1 It's your birthday

I think I just might do this again sometime ... <kefkalaughs>

Nic: I got an idea. Lets not

 -|-E The Icefalcon
    I WILL get a webpage soon!

All: Don't

MSTERS Thoughts

Friskie:Never evvvvvvvvver insult USA Today again.

Nic: (Puts USA Today he is reading down)Don't make your characters break

up their sentences. (rools up paper and hits writer over the head with it.

<BR>Well this is my first MST hope you liked it.



 STINGER

Washu: <presses a large, red button and cackles

Nic: She snaps cackles and pops
