I don't own these characters or profit from them.



The ultimate crossover
By, Clayton Overstreet

  Sometimes it's hard for authors to come up with new fic ideas. So one day 
in the Tenchi Muyo Debate chat room we were throwing ideas around and here 
is what we came up with as far as crossovers go. Hey, you sat through Tenchi 
in Tokyo. How bad could they be? Anyway it's better than those Dragon Ball 
crossovers.

The Prince's Bride

  Tenchi Masaki, a poor boy from a farm in the middle of nowhere was 
approached by the princess of the land and was ordered to marry her. Three 
days before the wedding he was kidnapped by three people in order to start a 
war. They set sail in a ship for the enemy country, but three days ago 
noticed another ship following them.
  Washu stared behind her. "Inconceivable!"
  Young Yosho sits sharpening his sword. "You keep using that word. I do not 
think it means what you think it means."
  Noboyuki squinted behind them. "I think that's the ship of the dread 
pirate Ryoko."

Grumpy old aliens

  The taxman stands in the snow looking between Aeka and Ryoko. "So neither 
of you know where I can find Aeka Jurai? She owes the government fifty 
thousand dollars."
  Ryoko grinned and rubbed her chin. "I'm not sure. You see her at those 
strip clubs all the time; you know where the men take off their clothes. 
Isn't that right?"
  Aeka gritted her teeth, but nodded. "Yeah, all the time."
  "You can barely drag her away. Oh, and she's always getting drunk and 
having sex with anything that crawls."
  "She isn't that bad Ryoko."
  The taxman looked between them then handed Aeka a card. "If you see her 
have her give me a call." He turns and walks away.
  "Puts."


Genius of Oz

  Ryoko blinked and looked outside the door. Ryo-oki hopped around her feet 
and meowed. Ryoko nodded and said, "You're right, that's the last time I 
drink anything Washu gives me." She stepped outside and looked around. Near 
the bottom of the house she saw a pair of feet sticking out from under the 
house. They had ruby encrusted shoes on. "Be a shame to let those go to 
waist."
  When she was done admiring her new footwear Ryoko turned and saw a small 
blue haired girl with big eyes. "Hi."
  "Uh hi. Hey these shoes just suddenly appeared on my feet."
  "Really?"
  Suddenly a larger woman who looked like the girl appeared out of a glowing 
bubble and said, "No they didn't. You stole them, I saw you."
  Ryoko turned and ran down the yellow brick road.

Elimidate

  Tonight's episode has been canceled. We had our lucky bachelor Tenchi 
Masaki chose between five girls. Unfortunately when it got down to the last 
two the loser freaked out and hurt our contestant with some sort of weird 
electric log. Now he and the lucky girl he chose are at the hospital, the 
other one is in custody, and the violent scenes are too graphic to show you 
here. To see them tune into Fox's new special "When women attack."

Next week on Tenchi's Creek

  Ryoko crawled on her knees across his bedroom floor. "Come on Tenchi, 
let's have some fun."
  "Ryoko I don't know about this. I mean you're my best friend..." He backed 
up on the bed.
  She stood up, walked over, and sat next to him. "Please Tenchi, I want to. 
I love you."
  "I... I love you too Ryoko." They both moved towards each other. "But I 
don't want to do anything you aren't..."
  Ryoko closed the kiss and wrapped her arms around him. Tenchi waited a 
moment and then kissed her back.
  Just then the door opened. And Aeka stepped in. "I thought I heard 
something..."


The W-Files

  Mulder and Scully snuck through the bushes towards the Masaki shrine.
  "Mulder what are we doing here?" Scully hissed. "Japan is way outside our 
jurisdiction."
  "I was looking through the files and accidentally came a crossed one 
marked W. It had conclusive proof that aliens have my lost cat Sparky in a 
nearby house."
  "Why would there be aliens in Japan?"
  Mulder shrugged and led the way past a dozing old man. He appeared to be 
meditating, but they could hear him snoring. They worked their way through 
the woods to a house near a lake. He pulled out his gun and pressed against 
the wall as Scully scanned the house.
  "The living room is empty Mulder."
  "We're heading for that broom closet under the stairs."
  She sighed. "If there are just brooms in that closet Mulder..."
  "Trust me." They moved in getting closer and closer to the door.
  Mulder threw it open and they both looked inside. Scully was amazed at the 
sheer size of the room. "Oh my..."
  "It's here! All the proof I need!"
  Suddenly the door slammed behind them. Scully tried to open it but it was 
stuck. Then they heard a laugh behind them. "Oh good. Test subjects."
  Meanwhile, on the alien bounty hunters ship:
  "We are so sorry about this your majesty!" One of them insists as he helps 
Aeka get dressed. "We had no idea it was you."
  Ryoko grinned at him. "Hey while you were doing the anal probe you didn't 
find a stick up there did you?"
  "As a matter of fact..." They look just in time to see Aeka hiding 
something behind her back.
  "What are you doing here anyway?" Tenchi asked.
  One of them looked embarrassed and said, "Well it's part of the bounty 
hunter initiation."
  "Has been for years." Another one added. "You see the older ones have a 
raffle and you have to do things like build a pyramid, mutilate a cow, draw 
crop circles, do anal probes on people in the middle of nowhere on their way 
back from getting drunk... we've done everything. Lately though we've been 
screwing with this one guy named Mulder."
  "Tell them what we did." Someone insisted.
  "It's so stupid." Sasami looked up eagerly. "Well we abducted him for a 
few months then spent a week standing around him, rubbing out temples, and 
saying, 'Mork calling Orson, come in Orson.'"
  They all laughed and the ship swung back down to Earth to drop them off.

Stay tuned after the show to see Mihoshi and Kiyone in COPS goes to Jurai.


Tenchi the vampire slayer

  In every generation there is a chosen one who must stop the vampires... 
Unfortunately while on their vacation Noboyuki hit her with his car. So now 
for the next week they have to take over.
  Ryoko looks down at the stake in her chest. "Oh this is just great. Thank 
you so much Aeka."
  "I saw something with fangs and yellow eyes." The princess said. "It was 
an accident."
  She pulled the stake out and her chest healed over. "Yeah right." She 
threw it over her shoulder backwards. The stake flew passed Tenchi's face 
and into the heart of the vampire that had him cornered. It turned to dust 
and Tenchi fainted.
  Washu saw a girl in a red dress. "Glory is that you? Long time no see! How 
are you and the other hell gods doing?"
  Glory blinked. "Washu?"

Jerry Springer
Episode 3245: I'm too sexy for myself

  "We're here with Tenchi Masaki. Incase you just tuned in Tenchi is the 
quarter alien grandson of the heir to the throne of Jurai. He currently has 
seven alien women after his heart. What's the twist? Two of his suitors are 
his grandaunts; one of them is physically the same as a twelve-year-old. The 
others include a former space pirate who has been trapped in his 
grandfather's shrine for seven hundred years and has been in love with him 
his whole life, a former god, and a space policewoman. Now Tenchi, how did 
you get into this mess?"
  Tenchi is sitting on stage between the girls. "It's my grandfather's 
fault."
  "Let's bring him out here shall we?" A young man with green hair walks 
onto the stage. "Now Yosho as we understand it you sent Tenchi here out 
while pretending to be old and got him killed." The crowd boos him. "On top 
of that you set him up with Mihoshi and your sister instead of marrying her 
yourself."
  Aeka gets up and starts beating the crap out of him. The bodyguards have 
to hold her back. "You $#$^#!"
  "Okay, so before we go Tenchi wasn't there something you wanted to do?"
  He nodded, got down on one knee, and proposed to Ryoko. The crowd cheered, 
the girls cried, and Aeka blew up the set.
  As he was being wheeled out on a stretched Jerry looked at the camera and 
said, "And now for my final thought. What have we learned here today? Don't 
get involved with women who can make things combust." He falls down.
  "He's flat lining!"

Tenchi Potter (couldn't come up with much here)

  Yosho looked at the class. "Today we learn to float a feather. And Miss 
Ryoko, please try not to blow it up."
  Ryoko growled at him. "Hey, I was a little amped up since that three 
headed dog attacked me."

Sasami Street

Ryoko narrates:

  Sasami is your guide as you learn to count and do fun experiments with 
genius scientist Washu like how to build a paper dolly that can help you 
take over the world. Play spelling games with Mihoshi. Let's take a ride to 
Mr.Masaki's neighborhood. Learn table manners from preppy princess Aeka and 
about law with officer Kiyone. Uh oh, watch out for Nagi the mean bounty 
hunter. Story time with Ryo-oki and Ken-oki... hey what are you cabbits 
doing? This is a kid's show!

MacGyver V.S. Washu

  MacGyver builds a catapult using two rubber bands, a straw, three 
toothpicks, and a small Chihuahua. He then uses it to stop drug smugglers 
two thousand miles away. "Top that."
  Washu uses a single cotton ball folded three times to cause a hurricane 
that saves a girl destined to cure cancer from being hit by a bus. Then she 
twists it, goes back in time, and kills Hitler. "I win."

Carrotjuice (What am I thinking?)

  Sasami sits in front of a mirror in the dark with a candle. "Carrotjuice, 
Carrotjuice... Carrotjuice!"
  Suddenly a smelly black and white striped cabbit appears in her lap and 
meows happily showing green teeth. "Meow!"
  "Aw, you're so cute!"
  (Could have been worse. How you ask? Nana nana *snap snap* The Tenchi 
Family nananana.)

Sasami Brewster... nah


Ryo-oki on A.L.F. (The tale of how his planet was destroyed)

   Alf looks at Ryo-oki. "Now where did I put my boning knife?"


Baywatch Japan (As opposed to Hawaii)

  The girls are all wearing skintight red bathing suit except for Ryoko who 
likes working on a nude beach. Suddenly they hear someone out in the water. 
"Help! Shark!" Naturally they all begin running in slow motion. The man 
drowns, the diamond smugglers get away, and nobody cares.

This old house

  Bob Vila stands next to the hole in the wall. "As you can see we've got 
some structural damage and a few burns. Fortunately we have here the owner 
of the house Mr.Noboyuki Masaki, an architect. Tell us what happened here 
Noboyuki."
  "Well we were attacked by a guy with a death ray."
  Bob blinks, sets his tools down, and walks away quietly.

Bond... James Bond

  James Bond is strapped to a metal table in Washu's lab. "Washu you're mad. 
You'll never get away with this."
  Washu sits in her chair petting Ryo-oki. "I think I already have Mr. Bond. 
Now there is just you to deal with."
  "Do you expect me to talk?"
  She shrugs and stands up. Ryo-oki leaves as she changes into her adult 
form and begins to undress. "That's entirely up to you James."
  Bond stares at her. "I haven't seen anything like that since Octopussy."
  "Funny you should mention that. Now lets get you out of that exploding 
suit."
  Next week Tenchi is in the living room reading the newspaper. "Evil 
scientist conquers the world. James Bond gone for days. America sends in 
Maxwell Smart."
  Back in Washu's lab. "Washu you'll never get away with this." Max yells.
  "Why not?"
  "Because this building is surrounded by three hundred Control agents." 
Washu smirks at him. "Would you believe thirty Control Agents?" She shakes 
her head. "Would you believe two girl scouts and a man with a mop?"


The Minagi Duke Show

  Ryoko and Minagi mimic each other. And the song begins:
  They're clones, identical clones. They walk alike they talk alike, 
sometimes they even fight alike. Because they're clones, identical clones...

MTV's The Real World

  Aeka looked at the others in shock. "But why would you vote me out?"
  Ryoko said, "You keep trying to marry my boyfriend who is also your 
nephew."
  "You fired a laser canon at the house." Tenchi said.
  "You ate the last cookie last night." Mihoshi sobbed.
  Noboyuki rubbed his head. "You mistook my room for Tenchi's and began 
whipping me."
  "You tried to steal my brainwashing ray."
  Aeka cried into her hands. "Those were mistakes anyone could have made! 
What about Sasami?"
  Sasami shrugged and handed Aeka her suitcase. "You snore. Now get out."

Celebrity Deathmatch

  "On tonight's episode we have a great show for you. In our first match we 
have a three way battle between Sasami Jurai from Tenchi Muyo, Botan from 
Yuyu Hakusho, and Rei from El Hazard for to see who is the cutest blue 
haired red eyed girl in anime!" Nick said.
  Johnny nodded. "And in our second match we have the ultimate catfight. A 
fight between Aeka and Ryoko which will end in the death of one of them."
  "Ands for our final fight we have a match between Card Captor Sakura and 
Yugi-oh king of games to a of the cards."
  Half an hour later:
  "Who could have seen that coming Johnny? Divine intervention as Tsunami 
took down Botan why Sasami tore Rei's head off."
  "That was great Nick, but I liked when Yugi tried to use his cards as 
throwing stars and she used that wand of hers to hit them back in his face. 
It was so weird when Sasami came out of nowhere and stabbed her in the 
back."
  "The crowning moment was when Ryoko split into two and tore Aeka in half 
like a wishbone." They turn to the camera. "This was Celebrity Deathmatch. 
I'm Nick Diamond."
  "And I'm Johnny Gomez. Good fight, goodnight."


The Mask 2

  Tenchi puts on the mask and runs to Ryoko's room. Unfortunately due to the 
graphic nature of this clip we cannot show it to you here.


Alien King

  From Disney studios and the director of the Lion King comes the story of 
Yosho, a young boy raised to be the king of his world then driven away 
because of what his mother is. You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll pay hundreds 
for tickets to the Broadway show.


Tenchi the soap opera

  "Tenchi, there's something you need to know." Yosho said slowly. "I'm not 
just your grandfather."
  "Wait grandpa I came here to tell you that I got Ryoko pregnant and need 
to drop out of school to marry her."
  "That's right, I'm more than just the drunken priest of this small Shinto 
shrine. I'm also a fifteen hundred year old half alien prince who was 
engaged to his sister at her birth."
  "I know that grandpa, you're just slipping into senility and forgot. 
Remember since I gave Ryoko's gems back you've only got a week to live."


Tenchi the porno movie... Lotsa luck getting this one


The sixth sense

  Tenchi and Sasami sit in a psychiatrist's office.
  "We see dead people." Sasami says.
  "All the time." Tenchi adds. "I've even been dead, I once had a brief 
marriage to a ghost, and my girlfriend in Tokyo never existed at all."
  "And my best friend haunts the graveyard of ships in space."
  They look over at the doctor. "Can you help us?"
  He shakes his head. "I'm afraid not. Now if you'll excuse me I have an 
appointment with the kid from A.I." He disappears leaving them alone.


Wolfman

  Tenchi sat at the fortuneteller stall as Washu read his palm. "Ah you've 
been cursed by the bite of a werewolf."
  "There's no such thing."
  "Even a dork who couldn't get a date if the girls fell on him and rubbed 
up against him, can become a wolf when the moon is full."
  He blushed and pulled his hand back. "Is there a cure?"
  "Sure thing, if you'll date my daughter."
  "Deal."


I love Tenchi

  "But Tenchi, I was to be in the show!" Masaki whined.


Jurassic Park

  From inside the Tyrannosaur's stomach. "Washu, I warned you about playing 
with dinosaur DNA."
  "Sorry Tenchi. Still it is cozy in here."
  Ryoko growled at her. "Yeah, real cozy mom. Thanks a lot."


Howard Stern

  "I'm here with Ryoko and Aeka from the Tenchi Muyo show. So will you take 
off your shirts?"
  "Sure." Ryoko said and pulled her shirt off and wiggled around.
  Aeka made sounds of disgust. "Pervert!" She hit him over the head with a 
mallet.
  The Howard Stern show has been canceled due to threat of planetary 
annihilation. Stay tuned for the afternoon movie "Cabbits don't dance."

I dream of Ryoko (with the light blue hair)

  Tenchi finds a bottle in the cave and opens it. A thin smoke pours out 
forming into a gorgeous girl in a skintight outfit.
  "Are you a genie?"
  "Not quite handsome, but if you want I can make your wish come true."


Tenchi Toons

  Nagi works her way through the forest and glances at the camera. "Shh, be 
very very quiet. I'm hunting space pirates."
  Up ahead she sees Ryoko leaning against a tree. "Uh, what's up?"
"Excuse me, have you seen that rascally Ryoko around here?"
  "Does she have long blue hair like this?" Ryoko pulls on her ponytails.
  "Yes."
  "And does she fly around like this?" Ryoko flies around her in circles.
  "Uh huh."
  "And does she blow people up, like this?" She blows Nagi up.
  Nagi stands there a charred mess. "Yes, have you seen her?"
  "Sorry, I'm afraid not."
  She sighs and hefts her gun. "Okay then." She walks off into the woods.
  Ryoko laughs and guzzles a bottle of saki. "What a moron." Suddenly feels 
a gun at her back. "Uh oh."
  "What do you think I am, stupid?"
  Ryoko turns and kisses Nagi on the lips, waves goodbye and then runs away 
leaving three separate dust trails.


Washukazoid

  Washu typed at her computer while playing around on the Internet. "I 
wonder what happens if I type this in..." Suddenly she was sucked into her 
computer. "Woo hoo!"


Sasami and the Brain

  "What do you want to do tonight Washu?" Sasami asked.
  "The same thing I do every night, try to take over the world!"
  In Washu's lab we see a cage with two white mice in it.
  "Wow Brain, so that's where you get it." Pinky said.
  Brain smacked him a crossed the head. "Quiet Pinky, I have to plan."



Okayama (From the makers of Smallville)

  Tenchi's mother smiled down at him. "Come on little prince, it's time for 
your first day of school."
  "Mommy if I'm a prince does that mean I have to marry some stuffy 
princess?" The little boy asked.
  "Who else would you marry Tenchi?" She asked in surprise.
  "How about the demon in grandpa's stories. She sounded fun!" He said 
happily.
  Achika laughed and ran her fingers through his hair. "We'll see. Now hurry 
up and get ready. Who knows on the way to school you might see a spaceship."
  "Yay!"


Ryoko Pan

  "It's okay Aeka, anyone can fly. Watch and see." Ryoko said. She took 
Sasami's hand and they both flew into the air. "See just think happy 
thoughts."
  "It's really fun Aeka." Sasami said.
  "Well alright, if you say so Sasami." Closing her eyes the princess stood 
on the edge of her bed and jump. She then promptly landed on her face. "Ow!"
  Ryoko set Sasami down and they both laughed at Aeka.


Cooking with Sasami

  Sasami looks at the camera. "Please someone call the police! They keep me 
chained in the kitchen all day long and force me to cook for them! Send 
help..." Everything goes black and we hear the sounds of a beating. Seconds 
later Sasami is back on smiling. "Today we'll learn how to make my special 
cookies..."


R.T. Ryoko and Tenchi the extraterrestrials

  The spaceship landed in the middle of the woods with lots of lights and 
flashing things. Two forms suddenly appeared in front of it.
  "Aw crap I need to use the bathroom." Ryoko said.
  Tenchi nodded. "Okay, then when we're done there I need to phone home."


Blair witch

  Tenchi and Yosho glare at Noboyuki. "You lost the map? How did you lose 
the $%#^@ map?"
  "It isn't my fault!" He whined.
  They all froze as they heard someone call out from deep in the woods. 
"Tenchi..."
  Yosho smirked. "That sounds familiar."
  Tenchi turned and ran into the dark woods with one of Noboyuki's camera's 
dangling from his neck. A week later Aeka was leading a search through the 
woods and found that camera. Here is a piece of it:
  "I am so scared." Tenchi said into the camera a drop of blood falling from 
his nose.
  Ryoko's voice came on. "It's okay Tenchi, just take a look at these." The 
tape cuts off there. Nobody ever found either of them again.



Tenchochio

  "Tenchi I think it is time you tell me which of the girls you love." 
Noboyuki said.
  "Dad."
  "Think of Ryoko."
  "I'm not thinking about her." Tenchi lied. Suddenly they both looked at 
Tenchi's lap.
  Noboyuki hugged him. "Tenchi, you're finally a real boy!"


Church lady

  Aeka sits at her desk adjusting her glasses. "My next guest is Bill 
Clinton."
  Bill Clinton walks on. "Hello Church lady. May I say you look terrific?"
  "Well isn't that special? Can't keep it in your pants for one day huh? Now 
who could be responsible for this? Could it be..." The camera does a 
close-up and her voice echoes. "Ryoko!"


Golden Girls

  Old versions of Aeka, Ryoko, and Mihoshi sit in the living room.
  "Hey it's time for our soap operas." Aeka said and turned on the 
television.
  Ryoko groaned and shook her head. "I can't believe you still watch those 
things."
  "Well maybe if I were like you and kept sleeping with all those men..."
  "Will you two please stop?" Mihoshi whined. "This is almost as bad as it 
was back in..."
  Old Washu walked in just then. "Oh no not again. You got her started on 
those stories of hers."
  "Ma will you just sit down and be quiet before we put you in a home?" 
Ryoko snapped.
  "Like to see you try it."


Predator

  Tenchi grunted as he made his way quietly through the forest. His body was 
covered in mud to allow him to blend into the surroundings. He'd been 
dodging the alien for two hours since it had almost got him when he got 
home. He didn't know where the others were, but he knew if he was caught 
that he'd be killed.
  Suddenly he saw the bushes to his left move. He couldn't see anything, but 
he knew it was there. He moved to run and a laser hit the tree right in 
front of him. He tripped backwards and fell into the river. When he came up 
for air the current had him, but not too far away he could see a hole in the 
water where the alien was moving towards him.
  It came closer and closer. Tenchi had no way out as he felt the strong 
hand wrap around his neck.
  "Tenchi if you wanted to take a bath you should have said so." Ryoko 
purred appearing in front of him.
  "Ryoko come on. Aeka'd kill us if she saw us like this."
  "In that case we'd better really deserve it." She moved in and kissed him.
  Suddenly there was an inhuman scream from their right. They both turned 
and saw Aeka fire a laser at them. "I'll skin you both and keep your 
skulls!"
  "Here we go again." Tenchi said and they ran through the water and headed 
for the trees.


Aliens

  Tenchi smiled and looked at his father. "Dad, I finally had sex with 
Ryoko?"
  Noboyuki shook his head. "Yeah right, like I'll believe that." Suddenly 
Tenchi's chest burst open and a baby Ryoko crawled out.


Hellraiser

  Kiyone sighed as she watched Mihoshi play with her cube. "Careful with 
that thing."
  "I'm going to figure out how to make this thing fix coffee if it kills 
me." Mihoshi said. She twisted it into a diamond. Suddenly the walls began 
to shake and crack into a portal. A man with white skin and pins coming out 
of his head stepped forward.
  Pinhead takes one look at Mihoshi and runs screaming back to hell. Kiyone 
sighed and shook her head. "That's the third time that happened."
  "I don't know why he is so jumpy. Ryoko's the one who used his head to 
aerate the lawn." Mihoshi said.


Kiyone and Mihoshi (Ren and Stimpy)

  Kiyone screamed and began beating Mihoshi, "You idiot!"
  Mihoshi sat there drooling slightly and smiling.


Clue

Noboyuki = Mr. Body
Ryoko = Miss Scarlet
Aeka = Mrs. White
Yosho = Col. Mustard
Sasami = Miss Peacock
Tenchi = Mr. Green
Washu = Prof. Plum


Queen of the dammed

  Ryoko showed all of her fangs to Tenchi and said, "Join me or die!"
  He thought about it then said, "Okay."


Look Who's Talking

  Mayuka smiled as Ryoko and the others made faces at her. "Boy these guys 
are goofballs."
  "Tell me about it." Ryo-oki muttered as Sasami hugged her tightly.


Frankenstein

  Washu laughed as the thing on the table began to move. "It's alive, it's 
alive!"
  Ryoko sat up and looked around. "Huh?"


The Fugitive

  Nagi stood facing Ryoko in the drainpipe and pointing a gun at her. "It's 
over Ryoko! Give yourself up."
  "I didn't do it. It was the purple haired woman!"
  "I don't care."
  Ryoko turned and jumped down into the water.


Shrineman

  Yosho looked up at the sky and say the Shinto signal shining against the 
clouds. "The commisioner needs up. To the demon cave Tenchi!"
  "Holy batshit grandpa!"


Funniest home videos

  "So will it be... 'Vegita blows up the DMV' submitted by Dr. Brief?" The 
camera shows Dr. Brief and his cat sitting in the audience. "Will it be... 
'Liger Zero tears apart the Gundams in the Toonami Parkinglot' submitted by 
Bit Cloud and Lina Toros?" Bit and Lina are shown laughing their butts off. 
"Or will it be "Tenchi tells Aeka how he feels about Ryoko" submitted by 
Noboyuki Masaki?" Tenchi is set up in traction while the girls and Noboyuki 
sit with him.
  "And the winner is..." The host suddenly feels a laser sword at his back. 
"'Ryoko beats up the Powerpuff girls'!"


Gilmore girls

  Washu sighed and put her hand on Ryoko's shoulder. "I just dont want you 
to go through what I did."
  "But mom, I love Tenchi and I want to have his child. I'm 2000 years old 
and I can make my own decisions!"


It

  "Mayuka... would you like to float?" The clown in the sewer asked the blue 
haired girl. "Down here we all float."
  She thought about it. She could float already, but she'd never gone into 
the sewer. So she nodded meekly and climbed in with him. There is a brief 
clow and horrible screams.
  Two hours later Mayuka arrives home and shows her new balloon to Ryoko, 
holding the string in her purple claws and covered in black blood. "Look 
what I found!"

Cabbit hunter

  "A'ight now, we've cornered Ryo-oki in her hole and now we're just going 
to reach in and drag her out... Krikey!" The ground erupts and a huge 
spacechip shoots into the sky. "Will you look at that? See the way those 
lasers are forming at the tips of the spikes? That's a defence mechanism 
that..." There is a huge bang and the show is no more.


Tenchi Brown

  Tenchi stood by Funaho and asked, "Can anyone tell me the meaning of 
Startica?"


Mihoshi Gump

  "Kiyone always told me life was like a box of chocolates. She always got 
the shrimp ones."
  President Clinton looked at her. "You say shrimp? I love shrimp. Shrimp 
scampy, schrimp cabobs, shrimp lollypops..."
Two days later:
  "...and cherry shrimp on a stick."
  "You sure do like shrimp Mister president."
  "You say Shrimp? I love shrimp..."



  Well that's it for now. I worked on these until 3:00 A.M. and came up with 
as many as I could. Tenchi's Angels and a few others didn't make the cut. 
Neither did the idea for Tenchi's brother came back from colledge. If you 
think you can write these as a fic, MST this, or just want to comment email 
me at clayton_n@hotmail.com and send anything you make of this to the same 
place. To get to the Tenchi debate chat room go to 
http://mercury.beseen.com/chat/rooms/g/16807 someone may be there or may 
not. It's a new chat so it's hard to tell. I suggest you bring your friends

