Log of the USS Downwinder, Part One- "Perseverance"
"Tenchi Muyo!" Fan Fiction MST
By Elwin "Blaine" Coldiron-bigkwell@juno.com
http://hometown.aol.com/bigkwell/myhomepage/profile.html

"Tenchi Muyo!" and characters were created by Hiroki Hayashi and Masaki 
Kajishima and are the property of AIC/Pioneer.  Any other characters that appear 
here are the property of of their respective creators and distribution 
companies.  The fan fiction, "Perseverance" was writen by Clayton Overstreet.

WARNING:  There will be coarse language spoken, in the fic, and the MST'ers.  So 
if you are under eighteen, then I suggest that you don't view this piece.  

***

It was while watching a new American show, titled 'Enterprise' that Washu had 
gotten the idea to create a theatre ship, one perfect for reviewing all the 
weird and lousy fan fictions that she happened to see while perusing the 'Tenchi 
Muyo! Fan Fiction Archive.'  She liked the style of the ship and decided to 
recreate it, only in actual size, in orbit around one of her lab planets.  
However, since she did not have permission from Viacom Productions to recreate 
it, she could not staff it with a real crew.  So she decided to make the ship 
fully automatic, the only living enities the MST crew that she would conscript 
to review the fan-fics.

Now the ship was complete.  All that was left to do was to get the crew.  
However, she did not want to command the ship herself, deciding to take upon the 
duties of first officer, chief engineer, fiction officer and projectionist.  
What she needed now was a captain and a helm officer.  This is what she was 
pondering upon as she sipped tea on the bridge of the new ship, still unnamed.

Washu:  Hmmm -- maybe I might find an ideal subject in the archive.  What's 
this?  Oh I liked that fic, "A Carrot Patch, A Clean House, & A Burglar."  
Probably the only time Ryoko ever did any work.  Maybe I'll get that author to 
command this ship.  I still have to think of a name for it, though. (Goes to her 
holographic laptop and makes figures and caculations.)  Okay, I found him.  Now 
to bring him over here. 

(Punches a few keys.  A low humming is heard.  Soon the said author, a very 
overweight, balding man in his early forties holding a long-haired cat 
materializes on the bridge. He looks around franticly.)

Author:  HEY!!  WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED!?!  WHERE AM -- (turns and sees Washu) Oh 
-- shit.   Uh -- Little Washu, am I right?

Washu:  Boy, you're not exactly how I imagined you look like, with a name like 
Elwin "Blaine" -- er Calderon?

Blaine:  That's Cold-iron, like it's spelled.  Don't worry, lots of people get 
it wrong. (looks around) so -- this wouldn't happen to be your lab, now would 
it?

Washu:  Accually, this a brand-new theatre ship that I had build.  I styled it 
after a starship I saw on television, only I added a few of my own special 
touches.

Blaine:  No shit?

Washu:  Nope.  And I would thank you to curb that potty tongue of yours, unless 
you want to be a water sprite.(holds up small remote while holding her thumb 
over a red button.)

Blaine: -_-'  No, please, no water sprite.  Don't wanna catch any flies, no-
thank-you.  So, why did you bring me here?

Washu:  Well, I thought that you might like to command this little vessel -- if 
you're up to it, that is.

Blaine:  Don't you want to command this vessel?  After all, you built it.

Washu: Thanks, but I would rather limit my funtions to keeping this ship 
together.  And to be the projectionist in the screening room.

Blaine:  You mean this is a MST ship?  Cool, count me in!  So, what do we do 
next?

Washu: Well we still have to get a helm officer. (looks at cat) What about your 
kitty?

Blaine:  KD?

Washu:  Is that his name?

Blaine:  Her.  And yes, that's her name.  But how are you going to enable her to 
-- (stares at Washu)   O_o ' Oh - forgot who I was talking to.  And I guess you 
got a universal translator on board, because I don't know a lick of Japanese.

Washu:  You got it.  So captain, what's next?

Blaine:  You're asking me?

Washu:  Well you are in command, you know.

Blaine:  I guess that we should get a crew of MSTers together.  Any suggestions?

Washu:  I've got a whole list of victims -- (Blaine gives Washu a dirty look) 
er, heh heh, subjects that you might want to look at. (Produces holographic PADD 
in mid-air)  What to you think?

Blaine:  Hmmm -- I don't think we should get this character.  He's been in too 
many of these already.  Some of these guys I do not really know about. (Scrolls 
list down) A-ha!  She'll do!

Washu: (Looks at list)  O_O You're kidding?  Are you sure you want her?

Blaine:  I kid you not!

Washu:  Okay, but I want to say 'I told you so.'

(Washu punches some number and figures on her keyboard.  Another low hum is 
heard, and soon Nagi, intergalactic bounty hunter [from Tenchi Universe], drops 
in on the deck.  Immedeitly, she stands and draws her sword.)

Nagi:  Allright--what the hell's going on here. (Looks at Washu)  You.  Why have 
you kidnapped me?  And where is Ryoko?

Blaine:  It was my suggestion to bring you here.  Don't worry, I was brought 
here the same way.  And sorry to disappoint you, but Ryoko's not here.  But 
you've got a chance to make fun at her here.

Washu:  That's right.  So I'm afraid that you're stuck here until we this done.  
And even then, you can be called up at any time when we do another.

Nagi:  You mean this is one of those MST ships?  Great.  Allright, I'll do it, 
but it's under protest I'll have you know.

Blaine:  Great.  Welcome to the crew. (Offers hand to shake.  Nagi does not.) 
Fine. Have it your way.

Washu:  Okay, that's the first one.  Care to look for another?

Nagi:  Another what?

Blaine:  Another vic-- (looks at Nagi scowling) --er, another crew member. 
(Studies PADD)  Oooo-- I like her.  Let's bring her along.

Washu (Looks at name on PADD):  But isn't she--

Blaine:  Look, she's like Nagi:  loves to dish out crap to others.  Bring her 
in.

(Washu shrugs and types some more figures on her laptop.  The low hum is hear 
again, and soon, Chicago-based skip-tracer Rally Vincent [from Gun Smith Cats] 
falls fanny-first on the deck.)

Rally:  OW!  WHAT THE --  (looks around) Where the hell am I -- and where's May?

Blaine:  Sorry, Ms. Vincent, but I need your help in a little project that we've 
got lined up.

Rally:  Another one?  You don't look like an A.T.F. agent.

Blaine:  No, I'm just a fan fiction author, and this is -- (looks puzzled, then 
turns to Washu) --excuse me, but what is the name of this ship?

Washu:  Name?  (a look of realization hits Washu's face, then an embarassed 
smile) Heh-heh-  I -- guess that I was too busy building this ship that 
completely forgot to give her a name.

Nagi:  You mean you built this ship and didn't think of giving her a name?  Some 
genius you are.

Rally:  Ship?  What ship!?! (draws gun and aims at others.  Nagi again draws 
sword in response.) And who the hell are you characters?

(Washu types again and all weapons disappear.)

Washu:  Don't worry, you'll get them back after you're done. (Turns to Rally) 
This is an MST ship in space that I've built.  We're just gathering some MSTers 
to turn a few fics into hash.

Rally:  And if I do this, will you send me home?

Blaine:  I'll answer that.  Yes, you will go home afterwards, but you'll be 
called back if we have to flambe more fics.

Rally:  O_O  CALLED BACK!?!  (looks down) This sucks.  Okay, I'll do it.  But 
how much are we getting paid?

Blaine:  The same as the rest of us:  nada.

Rally and Nagi:  Great. (Rally then looks at Nagi)

Rally (pointing her thumb at Nagi):  Who's this bitch? 

Nagi:  WHO ARE YOU CALL A BITCH, BITCH? 

(The two are about to fight when a shimering light surrounds them.  When the 
light fades, two water sprites stands, giving Washu a dirty look.)

Nagi:  Ribbit, ribbit!

Rally:  Ribbit, ribbit!

Washu:  I'll change you two back if you promise not to fight and to cooperate, 
okay?

(Both water sprites nod.  The shimmering light returns, and soon both Nagi and 
Rally are returned to their proper forms.)

Washu:  Well, what do you have to say to one another?

Rally and Nagi (sullenly):  Sorry about calling you a bitch. 

Washu (turns to Blaine):  And as for you, I hope that you got any ideas on 
bringing in a male crew member, or are you trying to create your own harem?

Blaine:  Not to worry, I was thinking along the same lines and came up with this 
character. (shows PADD to Washu.)

Washu (looks at PADD):  Hey, you got good taste.  I'll bring him along.  And 
don't worry, this time I won't land him on his ass this time. (thinks for a 
second) I got a better idea--I'll give him a ring first.  That way, we can avoid 
the trouble we had with the first two.  (takes KD from Blaine's hands) And while 
I'm at it, I'll design a helm console for you, little kitty.

KD:  Meow.

(Washu returns a few minutes later, carrying a small transparent bubble with an 
opening on top.  KD is sleeping in it.  She connects the bubble to the helm 
console and activates it.)

Washu:  There we go.  This little gem allows KD here to use her own mental 
energy to pilot the ship.  She can do it even when she's asleep.  You can also 
talk to her if you like, although her grammer is not to hot right now.

Blaine (walking up to console) Can you talk to me, little girl?

KD (thru translator):  Me can hear you.  You got meaty?

(Everybody except Blaine snickers)

Nagi:  Meaty?

Rally:  Yeah.  Explain that.

Blaine:  Meaty cat food. (Produces pouch of cat food)  I feed her one of these 
per week, or more if I feel that she's been good.  I was going to feed her when 
I got called up.

KD:  I be good.

Blaine:  I know you are, little girl.  I'll feed you as soon as we're done here.

KD:  Okay.

Blaine (turns to Washu):  Now, about that other thing that you were suppose to 
take care of?
 
Washu:  Don't worry.  I've gotten ahold of him.  He was a little supprised at 
first, but after I explained what we had in mind, he said that he'd be happy to 
help us.  Okay guys (walking to turbolift) let's go to the transporter and make 
this guy feel welcome.

(Scene changes to a six-pad transporter room.  Washu punches a few buttons on 
the console, then activates the unit.  Soon, the form of Tatshiko Shido [from 
NightWalker] materializes on the pad.

Blaine (walking up to Shido, offering his hand):  Nice to have you aboard, Shido

Shido (accepting hand and shaking it):  Nice to be here.

Rally (eyebrows going up):  Well hello there, handsome.

Nagi:  I've got to admit, he's not bad looking.

Shido:  Well thanks, ladies.  I was a little hesitent at first about what Washu 
purposed, but I've a look at some of the fictions lately on the TMFFA and I 
agreed with her that--

(A loud yawn is suddenly heard in the chamber.  The others look around 
franticly, while Shido suddenly looks agitated.)

Shido (grumbling):  Oh great, I forgot Guni was sleeping in my hair.

Others (except Blaine):  Guni?

Blaine:  Oh boy, looks like we got a bonus prize with this one.

(Suddenly, a small, greenish form, resembling a nude Barbie doll with bat-like 
wings, sleeplily pokes herself from in back of Shido's neck.  It is Guni, also 
of NightWalker.  She yawns loudly)

Guni (sleepily, her eyes still closed):  Geez, did Riho get in early, or did a 
boat crash outside. (opens her eyes) HEY!  WHAT GOING ON!?!  WHAT KIND OF PLACE 
IS THIS!?!

Shido:  Uh, Guni, I've been asked to help these people to--uh--well--uh--

Blaine (a bit supprised): What Shido is trying to spit out is that this an MST 
ship and--

Guni:  OH BROTHER, NOT ONE OF THOSE!?!  (turns to Shido) C'mon, let's get out of 
here before we do something we're libel to regret.

Shido:  Sorry, but I've already agreed to do this.

Guni:  YOU WHAT!?!  (sighs)  Well, if you're going to stay here, I might as well 
stay as well.  (flies over to Blaine)  But listen, fat guy, you better not 
trying to do anything funny or -- (Blaine grabs Guni by the wings)  HEY!?!  
LEGGO!

Blaine:  Don't worry, I won't force Shido or anyone else to do anything that I 
won't do.  And that means MSTing the fic on this ship.

Guni:  So what's this crate's name, Tubby?

Blaine (giving Guni a dirty look):  Let's avoid the fat remarks, please.  
(releases Guni)  And as for the name, we still haven't figured that one out.

[BRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAPPPP!!!!!]

(everyone looks around)

Rally:  Did someone just cut one?  (everyone except Washu looks at Blaine)

Blaine:  It's not me!

Washu (blushing):  Hee hee-- uh-- that was just the alarm, telling everybody 
that we've gotten a fic in.  Don't worry, I'll fix that little problem.

Blaine:  Please do!  That sounds like Howard Stern's mating call.

Rally:  Yeah, that disgusting.

Nagi:  I agree.

Shido:  Shouldn't we be getting to the theatre or someplace where we could--

Washu:  Don't worry.  Just follow me and we can get this over with.

(The group follows Washu down a corridor and thru a set of double doors.  There, 
the group is place in a theatre that closely resembles a Hollywood screening 
room, with room for sixty people.)

Blaine (whistles aprovingly)  I don't get it, Washu, why is this place so big?  
There are only a few of us.

Washu:  We might have company onboard, so I thought that a little extra room 
might be aprecieated.  Now I've got to warn you characters, after I leave, the 
doors to the theatre will be locked.

All (except Blaine):  LOCKED!?!

Blaine (glumly):  It wouldn't be a proper MST theatre if the doors didn't lock.

Nagi:  But what if we have to use the bathroom for some reason.

Rally:  Yeah.

Washu:  Don't worry, this theatre's got both mens and womens rooms.  But I've 
got to warn you, if you try to use the rooms to avoid MSTing, you'll get a nasty 
shock, so make your trips brief.  Also, there are food replicators located on 
the walls, so if you want to get refreshments, you got someplace to go.

Guni:  That's nice. (looks at Shido)  But what about those of us with--ahem--
special dietary needs?

Washu:  The food slots got a special button for that as well.  And another 
thing--just in case any of you ever feel that need--(looks up) TROUGH!!  
(Instantly, a trough lifts up in front of the seats, with water running through 
it.)  That way, we could avoid any -- hee hee -- unpleasent chores, such as 
mopping barf puddles of the floors.

(A belltone sound in the theatre)

Washu:  Fic's ready to view.  You guy better get ready.  Me, I'm going to the 
booth.  (Washu departs, followed by bolts securing the door.)

ROLL CALL (Seating order)

GUNI - Everybody ready?

NAGI - I got my stuff.

RALLY VINCENT - I'm ready.

TATSUHIKO SHIDO - Let's get this show on the road.

ELWIN "BLAINE" COLDIRON -  Okay!  And so, to quote the great Leon Schesinger :  
'Okay, let's roll the trash!' 

(Fic starts)  

>I don't own these characters or profit from them.

Shido:  Not much of a disclaimer.

Blaine:  I usually give the creators more credit than this. 

>Perseverance
By, Clayton Overstreet

Blaine:  I like this guy.  Writes most of the better Miho-Kiyo fics I've seen.

Nagi (gives Blaine a dirty look):  Don't tell me you're into yuri?

Blaine: ^_^ Yup.

Rally (rolls eyes up in head):  Great, another pervert.

Guni:  And I thought Shido was the pervert around here.

Shido:  Knock it off, Guni.

>"How long has she been in there?" Tenchi asked. 

>"Three days." Noboyuki said frowning. "I finally had to ask Washu to start 
providing her with ingredients and replacements for the stuff she blew up before 
she worked her way through our mortgage payments."

Blaine:  I hope everybody got their refreshments, because I've got a bad feeling 
about this.

Rally:  (noticing Shido sipping a red liquid) What is that stuff?  Tomato juice?

Guni (flying to Rally):  Nope.  It's blood.

Rally (eyes wide):  BLOOD?

Blaine (shruging):  What else does a vampire drink?

Rally (looking at Shido) Vampire? (shrinks away from Shido, bringing up her 
collar over her neck)

Shido:  Don't worry.  I've got scruples about that stuff.

>Mihoshi still have the runs?"

Nagi:  Runs?

Blaine:  I definetly got a bad feeling about this.
  
>Yup. Ryo-oki is still coughing up bits of marshmellow."

Shido:  I thought she ate only carrots.

>Aeka?"
>Washing her own mouth out with lemon juice and garlic."

Shido (shuddering):  Looks like I won't be kissing her soon.
  
>Sasami?"

>Locked herself in the lab with Washu and has been living on pizza."

Rally:  And they didn't invite me?

Blaine:  Is anyone else missing?

Nagi:  Just the old fart and--(seething)--Ryoko. 
  
>"Grandpa?"

>"He thinks Mihoshi is the lucky one."

Nagi:  So much for the old fart.

Blaine:  If it's the OVA version, then Katsuhito is not really that old.

Rally:  So that leaves --

>They both froze as Ryoko's head stuck through the wall. "Oh Noboyuki, could 
you come in here and taste something for me?"

Blaine (shocked):  YE GADS!!!!  SHE ISN'T!?!

Nagi (equally shocked): I THINK SHE IS!!

Blaine:  HEAVEN HELP US ALL!!!

Shido:  What's wrong with you two?

Rally and Guni: YEAH?

Blaine:  RYOKO IS COOKING FOR THE MASAKIS!!!

Shido:  Uh oh.

Rally:  So what's wrong with that?

Nagi:  Ryoko has got to be one of the worst cooks in any universe.

Blaine:  Besides Akane Tendo.

Rally and Guni:  Oh.  (both sudder and make small gagging noises) 
  
>He hadn't eaten in two days. On the weekend he'd had no excuse to go into 
town. His stomach was knawing at him for food. Still he looked pleadingly at his 
son, who promptly developed an interest in the ceiling.

Nagi:  Better than an interest in her (gags) cooking. 

>With a wimper Noboyuki's head dropped to his chest and he walked into the 
kitchen.

Blaine (imitating Took from 'The Green Mile' and gets up and walks):  Walkin' 
the mile, walkin' the mile.

Rally (irritated):  Will you sit down?

Blaine (still imitating Took):  Sittin' down, sitting down.  Sittin' down in 
"Ol' Sparky."

Nagi:  And shut up.

Blaine (grumbling):  You guys are no fun.  
  
>Tenchi stared at the door as silence filled the livingroom. Somewhere in the 
kitchen he could hear someone crying.

Guni:  You'd think Nobuyuki was going to die in there.

Blaine:  Considering what I think is going to happen next, death would be 
counted as a blessing. 

>Then it was quiet for a minute before... "Yeaaaaaah!"  Tenchi heard the sound 
of glass breaking and ran to the door. Peeking through a crack in the door he 
saw the kitchen window was broken out and his father was in the backyard 
stuffing grass and mud into his mouth like a madman.

Blaine (turning green):  It's worse than I thought. 
  
>"Damn. So much for my tuna Oreo icecream pepper surprise." Ryoko mumbled.

(The MSTers, including Shido, starts gagging.) 

>She turned and saw Tenchi peeking in at her. Tenchi can you help me?"

Blaine:  DON'T DO IT, TENCHI!  (gags) FOR GOD'S SAKE, DON'T EAT IT!!!
  
>Wincing he walked into the kitchen. "What exactly are you trying to do?"
  
>"I... well I am trying to learn how to cook so I can be perfect for you." 
Ryoko said. "I mean I know you love me, but I love you and I just want to do my 
best."

Nagi:  Even your best is your worst,(gags) Ryoko.
  
>He hugged her tightly and smiled. "You really don't need to do this." 
Especially since I'm the only one left, he added mentally. "I mean I did marry 
you after all." (See one of this Author's other fics for details).

Nagi:  She finally beat out Ayeka?

Blaine:  I'm going to have to look up those fics.

>She smiled down into his eyes. "I know, but I don't want Sasami to do all of 
the cooking forever. I'm going to figure this out if it kills me."

Rally:  But you're killing everyone else!
  
>"The problem is you're killing everyone else." Tenchi said.

Rally:  See? 

>"Have you actually tasted any of this stuff yourself?"

Blaine (craning his neck to the projection booth):  Washu, you better get that 
daughter of yours some taste buds before she does any cooking in the future!

Washu (in booth):  I was (gags) thinking about that.  
  
>"Are you out of your mind?" She asked. "Why do you think I'm using test 
subjects like Washu suggested?

All:  WASHU!?!

Washu:  I wouldn't do that!  It's the fic, remember? 

>I wouldn't feed this stuff to either of us until someone else has tried it."

Guni:  It might help if you do.
  
>Tenchi mentaly sent thanks to whatever gods were watching over him. In the 
reflection on the front of the stove he briefly saw Tsunami appear and hold up 
two fingers in a V. 

Shido:  Nice to have good backup like that.  Almost like have Yayoi backing me 
up with her gun aganst the occasional nightbreed.

Blaine:  Not to mention giving you the occasional snack.

Rally (looking at Shido):  I thought he had scruples against that.

Blaine:  Yayoi's different.  She's immune, so she volenteers her blood.

>"So what exactly have you been trying for?"

>"Well I've watched Sasami and read through these cookbooks. Most of it just 
seems to be putting things together and cooking it. So far I've also made 
marshmellow pork steaks,

(the group's gagging begins again) 

>peanut butter cheeseburgers, 

(the gagging turns to retching)

grilled eggplant and mayo,

Blaine: >URP!<  TROUGH!!

(the trough appears from the floor) 

gummyworm covered noodles,

(Blaine, Nagi, Rally, and Guni hit the trough.  Shido suffers a case of the dry 
heaves.) 

>and popcornballs... who knew they were flamable?"

Blaine (a bit unsteady):  She >URP!< baked them?

Nagi (wiping her mouth):  You're not supposed to bake them, Ryoko! >URP!<

Guni (looking greener that normal):  I don't >UPR!< feel so good.

Shido (paler than usual):  I didn't eat anything solid and I still feel ill.

Rally (looking queasy):  I'll never complain when May buys Chinese again.
  
>Tenchi sighed. "I think I see the problem here. You keep sticking things 
together that taste good right?"

Blaine:  And turns them in things that taste horrible.
  
>She nodded. "Exactly."

>"Um, why don't you not do that? I mean there are recipes in the books... 
better yet why don't we just order pizza tonight?"

Rally:  Yes, please.  I know a nice little pizza parlor in the South Side; good 
d‚cor, the crust is hand-tossed, and all the toppings are freshly prepared.

 >"I'm not leaving until I make one edible food."

All:  Groan!!
  
>He thought about it. "Just one and you'll quit?"

All:  PLEASE?
  
>"Sure."

(the MSTers cheer)
  
>"If you don't I'll make you eat your own cooking."

Nagi:  I wouldn't even make Ryoko do THAT!

Blaine:  You're too cruel, Tenchi.
  
>She flinched. "That's just mean."

>"All right, here is what you do..."

Shido:  Go to a cooking class.

Rally:  I don't think that would work.

>Tenchi found the others hiding in the mouth of the cave gathered around a 
pizza box.

Blaine:  Do they have pizza parlors in Japan?

Shido:  Yes.  There's one near my office that Yayoi is very fond of.

Blaine:  And she's able to keep her figure? 

>He smiled and walked towards them. "How is everything?"

>"Is she done yet lord Tenchi?" Aeka asked.

Blaine:  Is she still cooking? 

>"Almost. Look I snuck something out to you guys."

Rally:  Pepto Bismol?

Blaine:  Tums?

>He held up an icecube tray. Inside were some orange cubes with toothpicks stuck 
in them. "Some popcicles."

Guni:  Sounds harmless enough.

Blaine:  Let us hope.
  
>They were on him like starving dogs. When he looked up Tenchi saw all of them 
sucking on the frozen treats.

Blaine:  Hey, leave me one!

Nagi:  Don't you want to know if Ryoko made them?

Blaine (thinking)  Good point.

>"Good?" Everyone nodded. "Well guess who made them."

All:  NOT RYOKO? 
  
>Ryoko suddenly appeared. "Are they really good?"

Guni:  Well, there is a funny aftertaste in them-- 

>The others nodded reluctantly as orange juice dribbled down their chins. "Oh 
good. I was afraid my secret ingredient would make them taste strange. Tenchi 
tried to talk me out of it..."

All:  0_0'  UH OH!

>They all gulped loudly and slowky removed the popcicles from their mouths. 
"What ingredient?"

Blaine (as Mihoshi):  Uh excuse me, but why are my legs feeling numb?

Nagi (as Ayeka):  Ryoko, you monster!  Did you poison us!?
  
>Ryoko suddenly vanished and their eyes turned to Tenchi. He held up his hands 
and grinned. "Hey she told you I tried to talk her out of it." He suddenly took 
off running. The others ran after him.

Shido:  Looks like Washu is going to have to break out the stomach pump. 
  
>"Tenchi Masaki, get back here and tell us what the hell we just ate!"

Rally:  Your last meal.

The End

Author's note

>What you think

Blaine:  Clayton, I think that you're trying to make us all sick.  And 
succeeding >URP!!<

>just cause Tenchi marries Ryoko and the bad guys are dead things are perfect?

Nagi:  Unfortunatly, no.  Ryoko's still alive. 

>Email me your opinions

Nagi:  Flames

Rally:  Death threats.

Blaine:  The contents of the trough. 

>at clayton_n@hotmail.com or go to my 
Anime Debate chat room (formerly the Tenchi Debate)  at 
http://mercury.beseen.com/chat/rooms/g/16807

(Fic ends)

Blaine:  Well, that's it.  What did everybody think?

Rally:  I think we better hit the sick bay and see if they got anything for my 
nausea.

Nagi:  Agreed. (both Nagi and Rally leave)

Guni:  You know what, Shido?

Shido:  What, Guni?

Guni:  I sure hate to be downwind of the Masaki toilet after those poison 
popsicles get thru their systems.

Blaine (laughing):  I agree (a thoughtful look comes over Blaine's face.  He 
mumbles) Downwind?  Hmmm---

(the rest leave the theatre)

(scene switches back to transporter room, where Washu is talking to the other 
MSTers.)

Shido:  So you're saying that this device will take us back to the time that we 
were taken to this place?

Washu:  That's right.  I'm very mindful that you might have some unsolved 
problem or a critical situation that might need your presence.  So with this 
timewarp feature in the transporter, it will seem that you had never left.  
How's that for convenience?

Guni:  Great!  Now Shido can be heroic and annoying at the same time.

Shido:  Enough of that, Guni.

Rally:  Well, despite throwing-up on that fic, I thought it was fun.  What about 
you, Nagi?

Nagi:  All things considered, I enjoyed myself.  Nice to make fun of Ryoko.  
Makes thinking of killing her more pleasant.

Washu:  Is that ALL you ever think of, killing my little Ryoko?

Nagi:  Sorry about that.  I guess I could try to modify my feelings about her.  
Oh by the way, did anybody think of a name for this crate.

Washu:  Come to think of it, that little tidbit slipped my mind.  I'm going to 
have to think up a name soon.

Blaine (entering transporter with KD in arms):  I have a name.

(everyone looks at Blaine)

Nagi:  You have?

Rally:  This ought to be good.

Guni:  The fat guy has an idea?

Blaine:  What did I say about the fat remarks, especially since it was you who 
inspired my choice.

Guni (shocked):  What did I do?

Blaine:  You made an off-hand remark back in the theatre about being downwind of 
the Masaki bathroom.  It got me thinking about my area's history and I thought 
that I might use that history as this ship's name.  I also thought of a hull 
regestery for this vessel.  (turns to Washu)  Tell me, does this ship have a log 
recorder?

Washu (a bit surprised):  Well -- yes.  There's a marked button on the command 
chair on the bridge.  That same button is on the transporter console.

Blaine:  Good.  Now if you excuse me-- (finds button and pushes it) 'Initiating 
ship's log, entry number one.  As of this entry, I, Elwin Blaine Coldiron, 
commander of this ship, name this vessel "USS Downwinder", hull regestry number 
MST-71660, both effective immedietly.'  (switches recorder off, turns to 
others.)  Well, what do you guys think?

Washu:  I'm impressed.

Nagi:  I like it.

Rally:  Nice.

Shido:  Very good.

Guni:  And to think I inspired him.

Shido:  Don't get too big of a head, Guni.

Washu:  Okay everybody, have all of you got the remote comm units that I gave 
you?

(everyone holds up a small unit resembling a watch.)

Washu:  Good, now remember, whenever we get a fic in or we need to have you 
aboard, just press the blue button on the side and you'll be transported here.  
Got it?

All except Blaine:  Yes.

Blaine:  I didn't get one.

Washu:  I'll need to talk to you later.  Right now guys, it's time we got you 
back home.

All except Blaine:  Okay.

(Nagi, Rally, Shido with Guni step on the transporter.  In seconds, they are all 
transported back.)

Washu:  Why don't you hand me your watch and I'll modify it so that it can act 
as the comm units I gave the others.

Blaine (handing Washu the watch):  Okay, here you go.  So, when are we doing our 
next fic flambe?

Washu (working on the watch):  That's up to you.  Me, (look up for a moment) I'm 
not going to be here.

Blaine:  O_O WHAT!?!

Washu:  I only built this ship to see if I could find another commander willing 
to pilot it, select a crew, and accomplish a successful MST.  Now that I've done 
that, (hands watch back to Blaine) I can get back to other thing?

Blaine:  Other things?

Washu:  Yes.  There's still my private research.  And I've already got a 
commitment with another MST ship.

Blaine:  What ship are we talking about?

Washu:  Well -- I'm not exactly at liberty to discuss such matters, but let's 
just say it's captain is right now planning a big event.

Blaine (eyebrows lifted in realization):  Oh, I see.  But what I'm going to do 
without a fic officer?

Washu:  Don't worry.  I've already contacted this guy. (hands Blaine a PADD) He 
says that he'll be able to fill in for me.  I stay long enough to get the 
markings on this ship painted and a commision plaque placed on the bridge.

Blaine (looks at PADD):  I'd say he's qualified.  Okay, he's in.  In fact, if 
you leave me a name of prospective crewmembers, I can do the recruiting myself.

Washu:  That's nice.  I'll leave the plans for the comm unit in the device 
replicator and you're all set.

Blaine:  Okay (shakes Washu's hand)  Well, maybe one of these days, we might see 
each other again.  Thanks for the help.  (steps on transporter pad with KD in 
hand)

Washu:  One more thing:  I'm aware of the history that you spoke of when you 
named this ship, but I'm a bit curious about the regestry number that you 
selected.  What does it mean.

Blaine:  Oh, that's my birthdate:  July 16, 1960.

Washu:  Hmmm --- now if know my Earth astrology, from the date you given me, you 
would be born under the sign of Cancer, the crab.  (smiles) I thought there was 
something about you I liked.

Blaine:  I see. (waves at Washu, who transports him and KD home).

AND SO THE ADVENTURE BEGINS --

***

Author's notes-- Finally, my first MST is done.  Took me a while to compose the 
beginning, but when it got down to crafting it, the ideas and remarks came 
flowing out like cream.  I hope to get a little better at this as time goes by.

As the last part eluded to, I would like to give a congrats and hearty well-
wishes to my favorite MST captains, Bryan Webber and Glyph Bellchime, who at the 
writing of this are planning their upcoming wedding.  And as for the author 
who's fic got MSTed, Clayton Overstreet, I just wanted to let you know that the 
snide remarks at the end of the MST were just in jest.  I know that you've been 
complaining about not being MSTed enough, so I hope this helps.  Personally, I 
thought that the fic was very funny.

So, when the Downwinder set sail next time, I will have a new fic officer and 
hopefully, a new crewmember.  Maybe the next fic I will roast will be a lemon.  
Who knows?  So until then --- LATER!!!


9/11/01
FDNY-NYPD-THE REAL HEROES

 


