Log of the USS Downwinder, Part 2- "Mistaken Identity"
Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction MST
by Elwin "Blaine" Coldiron-bigkwell@juno.com
http://hometown.aol.com/bigkwell/myhomepage/profile.html.

"Tenchi Muyo!" and characters were created by Hiroki Hayashi and Masaki 
Kajishima and are the property of AIC/Pioneer.  "Minagi" character created by 
Hitoshi Okuda and is the property of Viz Comics.  Any other character appearing 
are property of their respective creators and distribution networks.  I do not 
know the characters, nor the series.  I just write the MST.

WARNING:  This MST contains lemon content (i.e. sexual situations) and is not 
for anyone under eighteen years of age.

***

Ship's Log, entry number two --  I must admit, I am impressed with the selection 
of fic officer that Washu had made before her departure.  Jim Hawking, from 
Outlaw Star, is more than compitent at operating the computer systems of this 
ship, the Downwinder.  He thinks that it is a pleasant change to be able to get 
away from Gene once in a while.  He likes KD, my helm officer and favorite 
kitty, a lot, and the two are getting along with my newest choice of crew, that 
of Spike Spiegal from Cowboy Bebop.  The only problem is that KD keeps asking 
Spike about the fact that one of his eyes is a darker brown than the other.  
Spike's not willing to discuss the matter further.  Must be something painful 
for him.

As for the ship itself, I took one of the shuttlepods and along with Jim, 
surveyed the exterior.  Washu did a good job in painting the name and regestry 
on the hull.  Once I got inside and toured the bridge, I was surprised that 
Washu had placed a Dungeness crab applique on the back on the command chair.  On 
it, she placed a note, which read, 'To a kindred spirit.  Happy hunting!'  Washu 
must like crabs a lot.  I like the commitioning plaque she had placed on the 
wall.  It's made of antiqued brass, with a small crab on top, whereas the 
inscription, 'USS Downwinder, MST-71660 - Washu Hakubi chief designer.'  A small 
motto appears below that, which reads, 'We take no fics prisoner!'  Nice touch.

Still, this is some crew I have; three bounty hunters, a twelve-year-old 
computer genius, a private investigator who is also a vampire, a pint-sized imp, 
and a housecat whose also the helm officer, all of which are commanded by a fat, 
bald, middle-aged fan fiction author.  Jim has already met Shido and Guni, and 
although Jim likes them a lot, he's a bit nervous around Shido.  I know it's not 
the fact that he's a vampire that's bothering him, but Jim says there is a 
little of him that reminds him of Fred Luo.  Maybe it must have been Shido's 
past relationship with Cain that's bothering him.  I know that Shido now has a 
steady girlfriend, so that maybe that'll put his mind at ease.

I am nervous about one thing:  the computers have picked up a lemon fic closing 
in on us.  I had taken the liberty to contact the rest of the crew and as of 
this moment, am waiting for them to arrive.  Shido is monitoring the situation 
closely and will notify me when we're upon it.  It isn't the fact that this is a 
lemon fic that worries me, for I'm looking forward to barbequing one, but 
puliminary scans show that this is a yuri lemon fic -- one that might feature 
one of my crew.

(Scene begins at the Downwinder's time-warp transporter room.  Blaine is 
standing near the console as Jim operates the machinery.  Soon, Rally Vincent 
materializes in the chamber.)

Rally:  Hi captain, what's up?

Blaine:  Thanks for coming, Rally.  We're coming up on a lemon fic and we need 
everybody we can.

Jim:  Nice to meet you, miss.

Rally:  Uh--hi.  Hey Blaine, who's the kid?

Jim:  Hey, I'll have you to know that I'm twelve-years-old and--

Blaine (interupting):  I'll handle it, Jim.  This is Jim Hawking, our new fic 
officer.

Rally:  0_0  New fic officer?  What about Washu?

Blaine:  She's gone.  Left on her own volition, so she asked Jim her to take 
over.  And I wouldn't discount him too much.  He knows more about computers that 
I do.

Rally:  Okay then, welcome to the team then, Jim.

Jim:  Thanks.  And again, nice to meet you.

(boson whistle sounds)

Blaine (reaching for intercom):  Transporter room here.

Shido (over loudspeaker):  Just wanted to let you know that fic is getting 
close.  Interception should be within two minutes or so.

Guni (again over loudspeaker):  That is if that sleeping furball working our 
helm can increase speed.

Blaine (rolling eyes up in head):  Look, just maintain speed and bearing.  Don't 
want to overwork KD's mental interface.  Hear that, little girl?

KD (over loudspeaker):  Me hear.  But me would like meaty when me wake up.  Me 
real hungry.

Blaine (blushing):  Look, if you can get that fic with a few minutes, I'll 
guarentee that I'll let you pick the flavor.

KD:  Okay.  Me like trout.  

Blaine (sighs):  Okay.  Captain out.

Jim (shaking head): Who would think that someone would invent something that 
would allow a sleeping cat to pilot a ship?

Blaine:  Only Washu would.  I hate to admit it, I'll miss that little pain in 
the neck.

Rally:  So, when is Nagi suppose to come.

Blaine:  Within a minute or two.  But I am a little worried about this.

Rally:  What about?  I know this is the first lemon fic we'll be doing.

Blaine:  It's just that we took some scans before we started pursuit.  It reads 
as a yuri fic, with some bondage.

Rally (eyebrow raised):  Oh, one of your favorites I imagine.

Blaine:  That's not it!  The synopsis scans were too fragmented to get a good 
idea about the contents of the fic, and--

(an urgent beeping is heard)

Jim:  We got someone coming aboard.  Stand by.

(Jim works the controls.  Soon, Nagi appears on the pad.)

Blaine:  Thanks for coming aboard, Nagi.

Nagi:  As if I had a choice.  (Looks at Jim)  New crew member?

Blaine:  New fic officer.  

Jim:  Jim Hawking's the name.  Nice to meet you, Nagi.

Nagi (nods in acknowedgment):  Well, what is it?  Some annoying jokefic?

Blaine (sighs):  It's a lemon.

Nagi:  Oh.  Well, let's show this fic who's boss, shall we?

Blaine:  But there is something -- (but Nagi strools to the theatre before 
Blaine can speak) --damn.

Rally:  Is there something wrong?

Blaine:  Maybe.

[TO SERVE MANKIND--- IT'S A COOKBOOK!!!]

Blaine:  Looks like we got fanfic sign.  At least Washu fixed it so that we 
don't hear what happened last time.  (to intercom)  Captain to bridge- Shido, 
Guni, get yourselves to the theatre pronto!  KD, come to full stop!

Shido and Guni (over loudspeaker):  Gotcha!

KD:  Okay.

Blaine (switching buttons)  Captain to Spiegal

Spike (over loudspeaker):  What's up

Blaine:  Get your butt over to the theatre now, Spike.  You're about to 
experience your first fic.

Spike:  Okay, I'm on my way.

Rally:  Who's that?

Blaine:  New crewmember.  You'll meet him soon.  Jim, get yourself to the booth.  
And remember, this is a lemon fic, so I don't want you looking at it.

Jim:  Aw you're no fun!

Blaine:  Just want to avoid any nusisance lititgation that might come across.  
(winks conspearitivly).  Shall we, Rally?

Rally:  Might as well.

(the trio leave the transporter room.  As they do, Blaine grabs a fair-sized 
brown paper sack.)

Rally:  What's that?

Blaine:  Canadian whisky.  Might come in handy.

(scene cuts to theatre.  Shido, Guni, and Nagi are already there.  Blaine and 
Rally enter next.  A few seconds after them, Spike runs inside, after which the 
doors lock behind him.)

Blaine:  Rally, Nagi, this is Spike Spiegal.  He's our newest crewmember, so 
make him feel welcome.

Spike:  Hi ladies.

Nagi:  Nice to meet you.

Rally:  Likewise.  (looks closely at Spike) What's with the eyes?

Spike (iritably):  Look, I keep hearing that question from that damn cat, and 
I'm telling you it's none of anybody's business!  Now can we just drop it, 
please?

Guni:  Geez, what got under his skin?

Shido:  Obviously a very painful memory.  Best not press it.

Spike:  Thanks.

Nagi:  Look, can we get our refreshments before the fic starts?  I would to get 
this over with.

Blaine (looking at Nagi nerviously):  Okay, popcorn for me.

Nagi (noticing):  Is there anything wrong, Captain?

Blaine:  ^_^'  Oh, nothing -- (mumbling) --yet.

Rally:  Pepperoni pizza with extra pepperoni for me.

Shido:  The usual for me.

Blaine:  You get it.  I don't want to look at it.

(Spike tries to light up a cigarette.)

Blaine:  Spike-no smoking in the theatre.

Spike:  Well what am I suppose to do?

Nagi:  Grab some refreshments like everyone else.

(soon everyone has their repective refreshments.  A belltone sounds.)

ROLL CALL (Seating order)

GUNI-Time to rock.
NAGI - Ready to roll.
SPIKE SPIEGAL-Let's do it.
RALLY VINCENT- I'm game.
TATSUHKO SHIDO-I guess everybody's making up there own starting lines
ELWIN "BLAINE" COLDIRON (sighs glumly)-Okay, let's roll the trash.

(Fic starts)

>All "Tenchi Muyo" references are copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer LD. This is an 
amateur, non-commercial story which is not produced, approved of, or in any way 
sponsored by the holders of the trademarks/copyrights from which this work is 
derived, nor is it intended to infringe on the rights of these holders.

Rally:  Better disclaimer than the last one. 

>She's got it, yeah baby she's got it.

Blaine:  This guy thinks he's Austin Powers.

>Writer's note-This story combines elements of the TM OAV, Tenchi Universe, and 
the Manga. I was bored that day.

Spike:  If he wrote this while bored, then I think we might be in trouble.

Blaine:  You don't know the half of it.

>MISTAKEN IDENTITY
By Jeff Morris (jeffreysmorris@aol.com)

	>Few events were more joyful than Minagi's occasional visits to the Masaki 
household.

Nagi:  Who's Minagi?

Blaine:  A character from the Tenchi manga.  She's a clone of Ryoko, technically 
the daughter of Ryoko.

Nagi:  Some daughter, having the same genes as that scum, Ryoko. 

>The young woman's sheer exuberance and friendliness were enough to lighten the 
grumpiest heart, and she always brought armloads of presents and tales of her 
recent adventures.

Nagi:  Maybe this might not be so bad after all.

(Blaine just looks nervously at Nagi) 

>This visit, however, the spunky pirate was even more excited than usual, and it 
didn't take Ayeka and Ryoko very long to find out why.
	
               >"I've met someone special," Minagi told them, golden eyes ablaze 
with delight. "I think it's love!"

Guni:  It's not Tenchi, that's for sure.

Rally:  Why's that?

Guni:  Both Ayeka and Ryoko would've burnt her to a crisp first.
	
               >That's wonderful, dear!" Ayeka said, taking the cup of tea 
Sasami was offering. "Tell us all about it."
	
               >"Yeah, starting with the name of the lucky guy," Ryoko grinned. 
"And where is he? You know, as your clonal kind-of mother, I do have certain 
responsibilities."
	
               >"Well..." Minagi smiled shyly. "For openers, it's a gal, not a 
guy. That's not a problem, is it?"

Spike:  A gal?

Shido:  Now THIS should be interesting!

Rally:  Pervert.

Nagi:  Agreed.

Guni:  Hey cap, is there anything wrong?

(Blaine just cringes)
	
               >"I don't see why it should be," Ayeka shrugged. "That's hardly 
unusual on Jurai. In fact, it's encouraged somewhat among the women of nobility. 
Keeps illegitimate pretenders to the throne at a minimum."

Blaine:  Never thought that lez trysts would be tolerated by Jurai royalty.

Nagi:  I thought you like this sort of thing.

Blaine (nervously):  Oh, I do, but there's something that I think I should tell 
you about.

Nagi:  What?
	
               >"Don't look at me," Ryoko said. "Never tried it, myself. But if 
she makes you happy, more power to you. I'll stick with Tenchi."
	
               >"That brings mental images to mind that I'd rather not deal 
with," Ayeka laughed. "Go on, Minagi."

Blaine (mumbling):  I've got an image in MY head and it's not so good.
	
               >"Okay. The other thing you need to know is..." Minagi looked 
hesitant. "Well, Ryoko, it's someone you know, and, umm, you might not be too 
thrilled about it at first, but I've got to ask you to keep an open mind, 
because she's really not a bad person at heart, and when you hear how we met, 
you'll understand why you had problems with her."

               >"Now I'm REALLY intrigued," Ryoko said.

Nagi:  What does THAT mean?
	
               >"Promise me you won't get angry or start anything," Minagi 
asked.
	
                >Ryoko raised two fingers--the middle one on each finger. 
"Pirate's honor."

(the MSTers snicker, except for Blaine.)
	
                >"Now there's a contradiction in terms," Ayeka noted.
	
                >"Blow me, princess."

(everybody except Blaine laughs.)
	
                >"Oh my. And here you'd just said you weren't interested in that 
sort of activity."
	
                >"Guys." Minagi rose to her feet and hurried over to the door. 
"Okay. You ready?" She slid the door open and leaned outside. "Come on in, they 
said it was okay." And with that, she took the stranger's hand and guided her 
in.

Blaine: O_O''  OH GOD, HERE IT COMES!!!

Rally:  What's wrong with you?

Spike:  Yeah, you look a little pale.

Blaine (teary eyed):  Just watch, everyone.  You'll see for yourselves.  
	
                 >Ryoko wasn't sure what to expect--given the background Minagi 
had just given, she was just grateful it hadn't been Kagato--but this was in 
fact the last person in the universe she'd ever have expected to see. "YOU?"

Spike:  Oh boy!  Now I see why!

Guni:  What the --?

Shido:  This is not good!

Rally:  Holy shit!

Nagi (angrily gritting teeth):  NOOOO!!!!

Blaine (weak voice): -_-  I'm dead.

               	>Nagi stood there, a bit nervous but still managing to look 
both graceful and menacing at the same time. "Hello, Ryoko. Long time no see."

Nagi:  AAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!  (draws sword and 
grabs Blaine by the collar.)  YOU KNEW ABOUT THIS ALL ALONG, YOU FAT 
PERVERT!!!!!

Blaine:  O_O LOOK NAGI, I'VE TRIED TO WARN YOU, BUT I WASN'T SURE!!!!  THE 
SYNOPSIS SENSORS STILL NEED TUNING, SO THE ONLY THING WAS TO BRING IT IN!  I'M 
SORRY, NAGI!!! I'M REALLY REALLY SORRY!!!!! (closes eyes and whimpers) -_- 
Please don't kill me!!!

Shido (placing bloodsword between Blaine and Nagi):  NOW THAT'S ENOUGH, NAGI!  
(lowers voice)  The sensors automaticlly locked on the the fic when it was 
detected and it was out of our hands by then.  (looks at her)  We all agreed to 
help Blaine MST these fics and we cannot pic or choose any of them.  His only 
fault was not giving enough warning when he only had the scant information that 
he had.

Jim (from booth):  Yeah.  I'm still tuning the sensors.  It's not his fault that 
he didn't give you enough warning!

Rally:  Hey, I thought you weren't susposed to watch	

Jim:  Oops!

Nagi (sheathing sword and lowering Blaine):  You're right.  Look, I know it's 
not your fault that we got the fic.  I just got a little steamed that I got 
writen in a yuri fic.

Blaine (finally breathing easier):  Good.  Now if we can all get back to our 
places, we can give this author his just desserts.

Rally:  Yeah, let's show this jerk what the MSTers of the Downwinder can do.

Spike:  I'm with you, sister.

Guni:  That's the spirit!

Shido (disoving bloodsword):  What do you say?

Nagi:  You're all right! (looks at screen)  THIS GUY IS TOAST!  (looks at 
Blaine)  You might want to change your pants after we're through.

Blaine (looking down):  -_-' Oh man.

(everyone gets back to their seats)

  
* * * * *

	>"That's it, Ryoko," Sasami urged. "Just breathe into the paper bag, and 
you'll be fine in a minute."

Blaine:  Maybe that's what I should have done.
	
                >"I'm really sorry, Ayeka." Minagi was standing nearby, the 
picture of embarrassment. Nagi had settled onto the edge of the sofa farthest 
away from Ryoko, watching the situation quietly but clearly amused.

Nagi:  I am NOT amused!

 >"I wasn't sure how she'd react, but this wasn't what I thought would happen."
	
                >"No," Nagi said dryly. "She figured Ryoko would try to skewer 
me with her 
sword."

Nagi:  The author's next.

Rally:  Wanna flip?
	
                >"The...day's...young," Ryoko gasped, glaring at the bounty 
hunter who'd given her so much trouble in the past. "Just what the hell are you 
doing here? I thought I'd seen the last of you seven hundred years ago!"
	
                Nagi grinned. "You went into cold storage, why couldn't I? I 
figured you weren't dead, so I made some arrangements. When you resurfaced, I 
was revived." She leaned back and stretched, giving everyone a long look at her 
supple, muscular form. Minagi sighed rather audibly at the sight, earning her a 
glare from Ryoko. "I also got a rejuvenation treatment while I was at it. What 
do you think?"

Nagi:  I think I'm going to be sick.

Blaine:  The trough's ready if you need it.

Spike:  Trough?

Shido:  Knowing this fic, you'll see very soon.
	
                >"Nagi, you promised you wouldn't provoke Ryoko!" Minagi 
protested.

                >"All right, love. I'm sorry. You too, Ryoko." The apology 
seemed sincere, but Ryoko couldn't help but notice the humor dancing behind 
Nagi's eyes.

Guni (sarcasticly) Ha ha ha. (mumbling) Oh boy.
	
                >"Well, this is certainly...unexpected," Ayeka said, choosing 
her words carefully. "I am curious, though, to hear just how the two of you came 
together.

(Nagi gags) 

>You were going to tell us, Minagi, and I for one still want to hear it."

Blaine:  And the rest of us whatever we want to or not.
	
                 >"Well...okay," Minagi nodded, going over to sit beside Nagi. 
The bounty hunter slid a protective arm behind her. "This is how it happened..."

Blaine (robot voice):  WARNING!  WARNING!  FLASHBACK AHEAD!

* * * * *

	>There were corners of the Jurai Empire that you'd never find on any 
tourist brochure, areas that nice boys and girls simply did not even think about 
entering.

Rally:  And MSTers who are too stupid to care. 

>These were the places where the bad people--the smugglers, the pirates, the 
criminals, and the bounty hunters--dwelt, and they did not take kindly to 
strangers. They would, however, gladly take their earthly possessions, their 
virtue, and their lives, not always in that order.

Blaine:  So what order is it?

Nagi:  That's not funny.

Shido:  It's an MST.  He's entitled.
	
                 >Ryoko the space pirate was widely known and her reputation 
feared, so everyone gave the young woman with light blue hair a wide berth when 
she entered the 'Pistol Whip' that evening. If anyone saw the twin scars that 
framed her face perfectly, he or she would just attribute it to a long-ago 
battle and shrug it off.

Nagi:  Scars?

Blaine:  Minagi looks exactly like Ryoko, except for the scars.

>Ryoko had recently returned to action--the rumor was that she'd dealt first 
with her captor, then her former master--and was once again striking fear into 
the hearts of cargo shippers everywhere. Maybe seven hundred years had passed, 
but her wrath--and what she could do when provoked--was still very much in 
people's minds, so they made a point of leaving her alone.
	
                  >Which was just how Minagi, partly a clone of Ryoko with the 
genetics of the greatest swordsman in Jurai history thrown in, wanted it.

Spike:  Who would that be?

Blaine:  Yakage.  He was another assistant to Washu, besides Kagato.  He was the 
one that created Minagi from Ryoko's genetic material.  Trained her as a 
swordsperson quite well.

>The way she saw it, Ryoko wasn't using her reputation for anything, and she was 
pretty sure the woman wouldn't mind if she borrowed it from time to time. It 
saved a great deal of time and prevented a lot of hassle.

Spike:  Are you sure? 

>Someone had put a far-too-friendly hand on her breast once; Minagi had 
subsequently provided the bar denizens with a new definition of "ripping him a 
new one", and that had pretty much settled the issue of respect.

All:  Ouchies!!
	
                    >Minagi's purpose in coming to the 'Pistol Whip' was simple: 
a free trader had offered her a sizeable sum to haul a large quantity of 
questionable merchandise to Antari. While pirating the ships of those she deemed 
to be "bad people"

Guni:  "Bad people"

Blaine:  Gun runners, despots, cuttthroats, assassins -- y'know, the "fun" 
people?

>was fun,

Blaine:  See? 

>it wasn't always profitable. She'd therefore decided to take on the occasional 
smuggling assignment when necessary. Her ship Hinase was in need of some routine 
maintenance, and this job would cover the bills.
	
                 >A quick, quiet word to the bartender, and she was directed 
toward one particular dark corner, where a balding little man who was sweating 
far more than would normally be expected was sitting, his knobby little hands 
wrapped around a drink glass.

Guni:  Relative of yours, cap?

Blaine: >_<  Hardly.

>His gaze constantly shot back and forth in every direction, as if he was 
expecting the Hordes of Hell to descend upon him at any second. Minagi thought 
about telling him not to worry-last she'd heard, they were over in the Southern 
sector-but decided to stick solely with business.
	
	>She stepped up to the booth and stared down at the little man. "Gobaki?"
	
                 >His head shot up instantly. "Y-yes. That's me. Won't you have 
a seat, R-Ryoko?"

Guni:  About as jumpy as you when Nagi showed you the sword, not to mention--

Blaine (interupting): =>_<=  I DON'T WANT TO BE REMINDED OF THAT, OKAY?
	
                >"Fine." She slid gracefully into the seat directly opposite 
him. "But my name isn't Ryoko. It's Minagi. Okay?"
	
                 >A sly look crossed his eyes. "Ahh. Of course. I understand 
perfectly... 'Minagi'."
	
                 >"No, no, you don't understand. It really is my name..." Minagi 
shook her head in despair; even when she tried to build her own reputation, 
Ryoko's completely overshadowed her. "Let's get to business," she said firmly. 
"What have you got, when does it need to be at Antari, and how much is it worth 
to you to get it there?"
	
                 >Gobaki trembled slightly. "Ahhh...would you like a drink, 
'Minagi'?"
	
                >"No." She leaned forward. "Business first."

Spike:  Business first, pleasure later.

Nagi (in angry low voice):  Shut up.
	
                 >"Well, okay...here's the deal. I've got a big supply of 
Denarti grain that needs to be delivered to a special location without anyone 
spotting you doing it."

All:  O_o'
	
                 >"Grain?" Minagi asked, a bit startled. "Grain's pretty tame."
	
                 >"Not when you use it to synthesize some of the most potent 
alcohol in the galaxy," Gobaki replied with a leer. "And you know what religious 
prudes the Antarians can be. They find out what's going on under their noses, 
and all hell will break loose."

Rally:  Not compared with what happened a few minutes ago.
	
                  >"You've got a point." Minagi did some quick calculating and 
planning; it could be done, of course, and it wouldn't be too hard to go 
undetected. That left the time limit to factor in, but if she played this 
right...

Nagi:  WRONG CHOICE OF WORDS!!
	
                 >"AH! MY BABY!" A scream from nearby caught Minagi's ear, and 
she  instantly moved out of the booth. A blanketed bundle was falling directly 
in her path, and just behind it was a terror-stricken woman with silver hair and 
a huge dark robe wrapped around her. No wonder she'd tripped; Minagi had seen 
more swordfights lost due to players stumbling over their clothing than she 
cared to think about. She lunged forward and caught the baby almost instantly.

Spike:  SAFE!!!
	
                 >"Oh, thank you so much," the woman said, rising slowly to her 
feet.
	
                 >"No problem. My pleasure." Minagi peered down at the bundle. 
Her eyes widened. "Hey, this isn't a baby. It's a..."

Guni:  Cow.

Rally:  Horse.

Blaine:  Pig.  And shut up, Guni.

Shido:  Nightbreed.

Spike:  Bountyhead.

Nagi:  Something I don't want to know about. 
	
                 >The stun grenade went off at that instant. Minagi hit the 
floor hard, knocked senseless by the blast. The 'mother' smiled and quickly 
hauled the unconscious woman up over her shoulder, then turned to the terrified 
Gobaki and threw him a small bag. "Payment in full. Thanks."
	
                >"A...anytime, Nagi."

Nagi:  Sorry.  Wouldn't use a bomb.  I prefer the direct aproach.

Rally:  Aren't you concerned about what's going to happen next.

Nagi (a little green):  Oh.  >URP!<

* * * * *

	>"Let me get this straight," Ryoko said to Minagi, her eyes blazing. 
"You've been using my rep to get ahead? Don't you realize I'm trying to lie low 
and reform so Tenchi will marry me? What the hell do you think you're doing?"

Spike:  Making a buck on your name.
	
                >"I'm sorry," Minagi shrugged helplessly. "I try to tell people, 
I really do, but no one believes me."

Blaine:  Only not hard enough.
	
                 >"I'm helping her build her own rep," Nagi said. 

Nagi:  DON'T SAY THAT!! This author's gonna die as soon as I can find him.

>"Don't sweat things, Ryoko. Nobody really remembers you these days anyway. Just 
the few really old people who still have a marble or two left."

Blaine:  Being that many people outside Earth live for more that a few hundred 
years, that's quite a few people.
	
                >"Oh, thanks so much," Ryoko replied sarcastically. "Now I feel 
so much better."

Nagi:  For once, I believe her.
	
                 >"So what happened next?" Sasami asked eagerly.

Blaine:  OH GREAT!  DOES THIS GUY HAVE TO INVOLVE SASAMI IN THIS FIC, TOO!?!
	
                 >"Something that a girl your age shouldn't be listening to," 
Nagi said pointedly. "Move along." Sasami made a face and slunk out of the room 
toward the kitchen.

(All cheer.) 

>"Okay. Now she can listen in from there and think she's getting away with 
something.

(All groan) 

>Go on, Min."
	
                 >"Okay," Minagi grinned. "Eventually I came to, and that's when 
I realized something really weird was going on..."

Rally:  I don't think "weird" is quite the word to use---

* * * * *

	>Minagi opened her eyes and moaned...or at least, she tried to. That was 
the moment she discovered that she was both blindfolded and gagged.

Nagi:  NO NO NO!!!  I'M NOT INTO THAT SORT OF THING!  I'M NOT INTO BONDAGE -- OR 
YURI FOR THAT MATTER!!!

>In trying to remove said items, she next found that she was handcuffed from 
behind. When she tried to phase through the bonds, Minagi realized that the 
cuffs had an anti-phase relay. Hmmm. Initial outlook wasn't good. She needed 
more data.

Guni:  I think the phrase, "ignorance is bliss" would be approprate at this 
time.
	
                 >She was lying on top of something big and comfortable with a 
satisfactory amount of give, which most likely meant a mattress. Her fingers 
slid over silk sheets. There was a faint smell of perfume mixed with a burning 
odor...scented candle?

Nagi:  NO!  THIS IS GETTING WORSE ALL THE TIME! 

>Her legs were free, but she still felt pretty drained from the stun grenade. 
Nice trick, that. So, she concluded, she had no idea what the hell was going on.

Spike:  You will soon.

>The more she thought about it, she didn't really want to know what was coming 
next.

Rally:  I >URP!< agree. 

>Minagi closed her eyes and concentrated on picking the handcuff locks, the way 
Master had taught her to several years ago.
	
                 >The voice made her pause. "Ryoko."

Nagi:  NOW WAIT A MINUTE!!  I WOULD CERTAINLY KNOW HOW TO TELL RYOKO FROM THIS 
COPY!  (thinks a minute) WHAT AM I SAYING!?! 

>Definitely feminine, somewhat husky, kind of seductive-under optimum 
conditions, of course, of which this most certainly wasn't.

Blaine:  You feel alright, Nagi?

Nagi (getting greener):  I don't >HORHK!!< think so. . .

>Minagi was starting to get an idea of where this was heading...and oddly 
enough, she was intrigued.

Nagi (even more greener):  >GHURK!!< No.  Please, don't be intrigued. 

>She stopped struggling and waited.
	
              >"You don't know how long I've waited to catch you," the voice 
purred. "Over seven hundred years. You thought you'd lost me, didn't you? You 
figured I'd get old, or die. Wrong again. You always did underestimate me, 
Ryoko. You should have known that Nagi never gives up on a bounty."

Spike:  I don't think a bounty is what this Nagi is after.

Rally:  Yeah.

Shido:  Uh huh.

Nagi:  Ohhhh. . . .  >BLURP!!<
	
                >Nagi? Bounty? But the statute of limitations for Ryoko's crimes 
had expired. Boy, Minagi thought as she lay there waiting, this Nagi sure was a 
determined soul, if not downright obsessed.
	
                >Minagi heard a soft rustling of cloth falling. Uh-oh.

Blaine:  That's for certain.
	
                >A soft crackle of energy heralded the activation of an energy 
sword. A moment later, Minagi felt the heat of the blade as it slid from her 
neck to her legs, neatly parting her jumpsuit down the middle without once 
touching her skin. A pair of warm hands pressed briefly against her chest as the 
cloth was pulled further apart and ripped away. Definitely an uh-oh.

Blaine:  That's DEFINITELY for certain.
	
                 >She just wished she wasn't getting so turned on by the whole 
thing.

Nagi:  >URRRRP!!<  Oh why. . . 
	
                 >Nagi's breathing was getting faster and raspier by the minute. 
"Ryoko," she breathed. "Oh, Ryoko. Here's where you get what's coming to you..."
	
                >Minagi gasped as something warm pressed against the area 
between her legs.  Something long and wet was probing.

(Nagi suddenly makes retching noises)

Blaine (looking up):  TROUGH!

(the trough rises up thru the floor)

Spike (moving legs out of the way):  WHOA!!

Nagi:  T-t-thanks. . .  BLEAAAAAAAAAAGHHHHH!!!! (Nagi vomits into the trough)

	>Oh boy.
	
                 >Ohhh boy.
	
                 >Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh boy...

Nagi:  Oh HLLLAAAAAAAGGGGHHHH!!!!! (Nagi vomits some more)

* * * * *

	>By the time Nagi had torn the blindfold and gag away and positioned 
Minagi's head between her legs, her captive was more than ready to reciprocate. 
WAY more than ready.

Rally (looking very green):  Mind if I join you, >URP!< Nagi.

Nagi (looking very pale):  G-go right ahead.

(Rally joins Nagi in vomiting)
	
                 >Minagi had never seen anyone climax so fast, so hard, and so 
often.

Shido:  Nor have I ever seen two people throw up so much. . . not since the last 
MST.

Blaine:  Don't >URP!< remind me.

* * * * *

	>"What?" Minagi paused in her narrative; Ryoko had gone sheet-white, her 
mouth agape. "Is something wrong, Ryoko?"

Blaine:  Aside for hearing that her 'daughter' and her worst enemy engage in a 
little lez play, not much.

Nagi (lifting her head from the trough):  You're being sarcastic, aren't you?
	
                 >"Where...did you...learn...about that?" Ryoko said slowly.
	
                 >"About what?"
	
                 >"Sex."
	
                 >Minagi laughed. "Oh, come on, Ryoko. I may look and sound a 
bit young and  innocent, but surely you didn't think I..." She hesitated upon 
seeing the new look on her clone-mother's face. "Oh. You DID think that I..."

Spike:  Go on. . .  (gets punched in the crotch by Nagi)
	
                 >"I just thought..." Ryoko shook her head. "Never mind."
	
                 >Ayeka decided to intercede. "Minagi, you had 
just...finished...your liaison with Nagi," she prompted gently.
	
                 >"Oh, yeah. Well, we kind of fell asleep for awhile, and when I 
finally woke up..."

Nagi:  You decided to kill yourself and screwed up?

* * * * *

	>Minagi slowly drifted awake. She hadn't felt this sated, this relaxed, in 
ages. With slowly-dawning awareness, she realized that the phase shackles were 
gone, as were the tattered remains of her clothing. She stretched and yawned 
lazily before sitting up and looking around.
	
                >It was a pretty nice room, all things considered; a bit 
Spartan, but comfortable. Her captor was sitting at a desk nearby, her head in 
her hands. "So you're awake," she said dully.
	
                >"Yeah." Minagi hopped off the bed and walked over to the other 
woman's side. "You alright?"
	
                 >"You're not Ryoko."

Guni:  Now she knows.
	
                 >"No, I'm not. My name's Minagi. I'm kind of her clone. Long 
story." She put a hand on Nagi's shoulder. "Listen..."
	
                 >"I am...so embarrassed..." Nagi's breath caught momentarily. 
"Please forgive me for what I did. I thought...oh hell, I don't know what I was 
thinking. I'm so sorry."

Nagi:  I know that me I'm talking about, but you're a bit late for that!
	
                 >"You said you've been after Ryoko for a long time," Minagi 
said quietly. "Only it wasn't for the bounty, was it?"

Nagi:  It definitely IS!
	
                 >"I...no. At first it was," Nagi said slowly. "The more I 
pursued her, the more I saw her, learned about her...the more it became 
something more. It consumed me. I thought about her day and night. I became 
obsessed...to the point where I took an innocent stranger and did...what I 
did..." A mournful sigh filled the air.

Rally:  Now she's guilty. 
	
                >"I could have escaped any time I wanted, you know," Minagi said 
gently. "You left my legs free. I could have brought my legs together and 
stunned you. I had the shackles halfway undone." She giggled. 

Spike (strained voice):  You mean, she enjoyed it?

>"But once you got started...leaving was the last thing on my mind."

Shido:  Probably should have been the FIRST thing.
	
                 >Nagi's head slowly lifted. "You're kidding," she said.

Nagi:  Please say yes.
	
                 Minagi shook her head. "It was incredible. I really enjoyed it. 

Spike:  She DID enjoyed it.  Wasn't bad though. (gets his crotch punched again 
by Nagi.)

>Kind of kinky, but I liked it." She slid her fingers under Nagi's chin and 
slowly lowered her head. "In fact, I'd like to take you back to bed and do it 
again."
	
                 >Nagi's exclamation of surprise was interrupted by Minagi's 
long, deep kiss. Mesmerized, she allowed Minagi to guide her to her feet and 
lead her back to the bed.

* * * * *

	>"And then we ate pussy!" Minagi finished. 

Nagi:  BLEYYAAAAAGGGGG!!!!! (vomits again into trough)

Guni (to Blaine):  I think you better go check if the sickbay has plenty of 
Pepto after this is through.

Blaine (looking at Nagi vomiting):  Uh. . . yeah.

>"All night, in fact! And the next morning, we got to talking and decided to see 
where it went...and a few months ago, we decided to make it permanent. So we got 
married!"

Nagi (lifting head from trough):  WHAAAAAAAT!?!

Shido:  Uh oh.

Rally:  Oh boy.

Spike (strained voice):  Don't hit me again.

	>"Oh my," Ayeka breathed, privately deciding that an afternoon visit to 
the onsen was definitely needed. "That's...quite a tale, Minagi."

Blaine:  I don't think the work "tail" or "tale" should be used in this story.
	
                 >"I don't believe this," Ryoko groaned, her head in her hands. 

Nagi:  I'm in full agreement with you for once, Ryoko.

>"Are you telling me that all Nagi ever wanted to do was...that?"
	
                 >"I kept telling you I wanted your head," Nagi grinned. "I just 
didn't tell 
you what I wanted to do with it."

Nagi and Rally:  BLEEEEAAAAAGGGGYYYYHHHH!!!! (both vomit)
	
                 >"Oh God," Ryoko said. "Let me die now."

Nagi (lifting head):  She ACCUALLY wants to die!?!
	
                 >"Oh, come on," Nagi said. "You going to tell me you've never 
had a Girl's Night in the onsen? I refuse to believe that, especially after what 
I've heard about the women in the Royal Family." She was rewarded with furious 
blushes from both Ryoko and Ayeka. "Uh-huh."

Guni:  Is every girl in this fic a sicko?
	
                 >"That's different," Ryoko said furiously. "I just...dammit, 
Minagi, you're supposed to be sweet and innocent. You're supposed to be the me I 
could have been if I hadn't become me...I mean...I mean...oh, hell!"
	
                 >"I'm sweet," Minagi said uncertainly.
	
                 >"I'll say," Nagi leered.

Nagi:  I'd throw up, but I don't think I have anything left in my stomach.

Blaine (hands Nagi his popcorn):  Here.  I'll make sure you get double Pepto.

Nagi:  No thanks.  Would want to waste any throwing it back up.

Shido:  This fic gives me more good reasons to hate Cain's guts.

Blaine:  I don't think Jim need reminding. (points to booth)
	
                  >"Ryoko, I appreciate that you thought that, but...I'm not 
you. I haven't been a virgin in years. Truth is, guys are okay, but I prefer 
girls." She shrugged nonchalantly. "It might be because Master always told me 
that boys were only after one thing and that sex weakened the legs."
	
                 >"Wrong on both counts-well, he was right about boys, but he 
forgot about girls," Nagi added. 

All the men:  HEY!!!

>Minagi put a warning hand on her leg...at least, that was what everyone was 
hoping it was for.
	
                 >"Oh, to hell with all this!" Ryoko declared, soaring into the 
air and through the ceiling before anyone could react. Minagi started to follow, 
but Ayeka shook her head.
	
                   >"Just give her a little time to cool off," the princess 
suggested. "In the meantime, perhaps Sasami could stop panting in the kitchen 
and bring in some fresh baked cookies..."

Blaine:  Damn sicko author. (looking at booth) You better not be looking at 
this, Jim.

Jim (in booth):  I'm not!  Honest!

* * * * *

                  >Ryoko closed her eyes and let the warm water wash over her 
body. A good bath and long soak, aided by a few bottles of sake, had done a lot 
to dispel her bad mood. 

Blaine:  Uh oh.  Onsen scene.

>She just wished she could think of a way to apologize gracefully to Minagi for 
her tirade. She was right; they were quite different individuals, and it wasn't 
fair for Ryoko to try and force the girl to be something she wasn't simply 
because it didn't fit Ryoko's mental image.
	
                 "Oh, I can think of a way," someone behind her giggled.

Nagi:  NO!  NOT INCEST!?! >URP!< 

>Before Ryoko could react, two long, slender arms that looked oddly familiar had 
grabbed her by the wrists and pinned her down securely. Ryoko tilted her head 
back and found... "Minagi?"
	
                 >"Hi! We were wondering if you'd help us out with a little 
experiment, Ryoko!"

Nagi:  WE!?!  WHAT DO YOU MEAN "WE"!?!
 
                 >"Experiment? We? 

Guni:  That what we want to know.

Nagi:  That NOT what I >HOURK!!< want to know.

>What the hell are you talking about, Minagi?"
	
                  >"It's quite simple," came a voice from directly in front of 
her.

All the women:  NO!!!!!!

Nagi:  >BLURP!!!< 

>Ryoko shot her head forward to find the incredibly well-sculpted body of Nagi 
standing there...between her legs. 

Blaine (looking up)  TROUGH!!!

(the trough once again appears)

Nagi:  BLLUURRRGGGGGHHHH!!!!!!! (vomits what's left in trough)

>"What I'd like to do, Ryoko, is perform a little taste test to see just how 
alike the two of you are. That's all. It won't hurt a bit, I promise." She knelt 
in the water, slid her arms under Ryoko and gently pushed her into position.
	
                >"Now wait a minute!" Ryoko yelled. "You can't do this! This 
isn't right! I haven't...haven't...uhhh...I...oh boy. Ohhh boy...Ohhhhhhhhhh 
boy...."

(Nagi this time gets the dry heaves)

Blaine:  I'd think I'd give her space after this.

Spike:  Yeah.

Shido:  Agreed.

Guni:  What about you, Rally?

Rally:  I going to the sickbay after this.

Nagi (recovering):  I'm too pooped to walk.  

Blaine:  Care if I help you to the sickbay.

Nagi:  Okay, but touch me the wrong way . . .

Blaine:  I got it.
	
                >"Well, Nagi?" Minagi asked. "Nagi?" There was no answer, just a 
series of moans growing ever louder and a throaty chuckle. 

                >"Hmmm. Guess this might require a bit more research. Hope the 
sake holds out..."

(Fic ends)

All:  AT LAST!!!

(the doors unlock.  The MSTers leave, with Rally and Blaine carrying Nagi.)

***

Ships log, entry number three:  We have just completed another successful MST, 
although like the last one, this didn't go without incident.  Nagi is relaxing 
on a cot in sickbay, her stomach settling after her ordeal.  I for one had to 
get a clean change of pants following my -- er-- bout of hygenic indiscression.  
Jim has notified me that the synopis sensors have been calibrated to a finer 
resolution, so that the next time we do an MST, we will have a better idea of 
what we're facing.  

(Scene switches to ships lounge.  Blaine is sitting at a table, a bottle of 
Canadian whisky opened up.  Nagi strools in, her gait somewhat unsteady.)

Nagi:  Shido said that I might find you here.  So, deciding to numb that MST's 
events?

Blaine (a bit drunk):  You gueshed it. >hic<  Care ta join me.

Nagi:  Maybe.  Finally was able to get something down my stomach.  (looks at 
Blaine)  Listen, I'm sorry I embarassed you back there.

Blaine (waving hand):  Don't wurry about it.  You had a rishct to me mad. >hic<  
I wash the one who schrewed up.

Nagi:  But you never ment any harm.  You just didn't have enough information.  
(looks at Blaine)  I've gotten a look at one of you fics.

Blaine:  You did?

Nagi:  Yeah, "No Need For Vengence."  I was a little surprised that you had me 
and Ryoko ending up as friends.  It was pretty good writing.

Blaine:  Well thanks.  Listen >hic< Nagi, you don't have to remain with this 
crew if >hic< you don't want to. . . 

Nagi:  If you're asking me if I want to quit, forget it.  Shido was right.  I 
may not have been happy at first, but I'll stick with you guys as long as you 
need me.

Blaine:  Really?  Okay.  (pours a drink in another glass, then refills his)  Do 
you think you can join me >hic< in a toast.

Nagi:  I would be honored.

(both stand, Blaine rather unsteadily, then raise glasses in air)

Blaine:  Okay, here's to the Downwinder.  May her crew MST together.

Nagi:  To the Downwinder.  

(both drink)

***

9/11/01
FDNY-NYPD-THE REAL HEROES




