    All of the characters in this story belong to Pioneer.  None of them are
mine.  I can't afford to be sued.  Thank you.

    Tenchi and all of the girls, except Washu, were sitting in the living
room doing nothing.  It was a hot and boring day.  They had just finished
lunch and were waiting for something to happen.  Nothing had happened in the
last 30 minutes.  Suddenly Washu jumped out of her lab.
    " I've done it!" she yelled excitedly.
    " Done what." Ryoko said.
    " I have completed my greatest invention......well maybe not my
greatest,
but it sure is neat."  Washu touched a button on her transparent computer
that had just suddenly appeared.  Everyone in the room vanished only to
reappear in Washu's lab.
    " What do you think your doing!" Ryoko yelled in an outrage.
    " I have made a game machine.  So, we can all go in and have some fun!"
Washu delighted as ever ran, and grabbed Tenchi and threw him into a black
hole.
    " I don't have time for games." Kiyone remarked.  Mihoshi on the other
hand was running right for the black hole.  Right when she was behind Kiyone
she stumbled and they both fell in.
    "I'm going to kill you Mihoshi!" Kiyone screamed as they fell.
    " Your just kidding."  Mihoshi giggled as they fell down.
    " Tenchi!" Ryoko yelled and flew in after them.
    " Oh Tenchi!" and Ayeka followed. It was Sasami and Ryo-ohki left.
    " Come on Ryo-ohki! Let's go!" Sasami ran right for the hole with
Ryo-ohki on her shoulder." This will be fun."
    " Meow!!!!!!"

    When Sasami had finally reached the bottom of the hole.  Washu started
to
explain the rules of the game.
    " This game is called battle machines.  Each of you will receive a
machine in which you will ride in.  The machines come with all sorts of
weaponry to play with.  No need to worry no one will die in this game.  We
will play in a run down Tokyo arena.  Thanks to my genius.  I'm pretty sure
you will know how to control the machines.  Just like video-games.  Okay!
Let
the game begin."
    " Ayeka your going down!"
    " I don't think so you monster!" Ayeka and Ryoko were already fighting
without even getting into their machines."
    " Mihoshi! I'm going to kill you!"
    " What...." Their goes Kiyone and Mihoshi.
    "Ladies, Ladies! Please wait until your in the machines" They all nodded
their agreement to Tenchi's words.
    Sasami was already running to get the machine she wanted.  It was a
giant
Ryo-ohki battle drone.  " Beam me up." Sasami said and was beamed into the
machine.  " Let's see what we've got Ryo-ohki!...HA HA HA!"
    " Greetings I'm your battle drone.  I come with Reaper claws, Laser
eyes,
Torpedoes, and Ryo-ohki fighters."
    " Wow!"
    Next up was Tenchi.  He chose a black Demon drone with red eyes." I'm
yuors!" A red bam appeared around Tenchi and he was transported to th inside
of his drone. " All right!"
    " I'm Dreadnaught.  You have chosen me.  Here are my weapons: Energy
blade, cloking, Plasma gun, and Dark Summon."
    " What is dark summon?"
    " You will see"
    Ryoko flew and chose the machine right next to Tenchi's.  It was a red
Dragon.  " You have been chosen!"  The mouth of the dragon opened and Ryoko
was warped up.  " Cool!"
    " I am Dragoon,  you have called on my power.  I am yours. My powers
are:
Lightning breath, Tornado, and seeker missiles ( My wings shoot and come
back).  My special ability is that I can fly."
    Over the intercom Ryoko asks" Washu can we have allies"
    " Yes"
    " Hey Tenchi...."
    " What Ryoko?"
    " Do you want to team up with me?"
    " I guess so... OK!"
    Kiyone was running for a two legged Hydra robot.  Kiyone yelled " Your
mine!" and was instently inside of the creature.
    " I am Nexus, your creature.  My strenghts are: Rapid bite, Solar
Cannon,
Screech, and Iternal rage."
    " I'm just after Mihoshi!  Can you handle it?"
    " That Idiot!  Who couldn't."
    At that moment Ayeka stood before Kiyoni's machine." Hey Kiyone! Do you
want to team up!"
    " Sure!"
    Ayeka ran to the creature left of Kiyones.  It was a Pheonix." I choose
you Pheonix!" Ayeka was teleported into the machine.
    " Greetings your highness. I have these attacks: Heat wave, Iron claw,
and Fury drive.  I always fly, but I can land."
    " Were after the Deamon Ryoko!"
    " Afirmative Ayeka."
    Mihoshi allied with Tenchi and Ryoko so, she could get a piece of
Kiyone.
 Mihoshi chose a Chimera creature.  " My your scary!" too late Mihoshi was
in
the robot.
    " Greetings Mihoshi..."
    " Who said that!"
    " Me, your robot. I have the following powers: Earthquake, Freeze
breath,
Calling wild, and Stampede."
    " Ah....okay"
    In the end it was Sasami, Kiyone, and Ayeka vs. Ryoko, Tenchi, and
Mihoshi.  Washu was the referee.  " Okay is everyone ready!  GOOOOOO!!!!!!"
The arena was very big, almost 10 miles, so evryone went in their own
direction.
    Ayeka took to the air and looked around.  She saw Mihoshi who was having
a little trouble.  " Aha, my first victim." Ayeka flew threw the air with
immense speed.  She was headed right for Mihoshi.  Just before she hit
Mihoshi a black form tackled the robot.
    " Ayeka!"
    " Ryoko?"
    " No.... Tenchi!!!"  Tenchi went right into cloak.  He knew he didn't
have much time with the cloak so he moved fast.  Aeka didn't see it coming.
Out of no where came a blade of energy. It cut into her wing.
    " What the hell!" Tenchi's cloaking wore of faster than he thought.  He
turned to see a Phoenix dive right at him. It hit his deamon right in the
gut.  His machine tumbled back...
    It was then that Ryoko saw little Sasami in her Ryo-ohki machine.  " Ha
Ha. What do we have here."  Sasami's back was turned. " All right Dragoon,
use your Tornado attack."  The dragon machine started flapping its wings
furiously.  In a couple of seconds a tornado admitted and it headed striaght
for Sasami.
    Next thing you know was Sasami's machine was spinning in the air.  Ryoko
was hoping for it to come down right there, but Sasami's robot was thrown
far
away." Damn!" Ryoko hissed under her breath.
    Ryoko was caught of guard when a Laser hit her in the side. Her machine
fell to the ground.  She stood up to see a Ryo-ohki machine running at her
with immense claws.
    " Dragoon fly into the air!"
    " I can't my wing is damaged."
    " Then retailiate with Lightning breath." An immense bolt of lightning
flew from the dragons mouth."
    " Ahhhhhhh!Ryo-ohki duck!" Sasami screamed.  The lighning skimmed across
ryo-ohki's ear chipping a part of it off.
     Mihoshi ran from the battle next to her( Tenchi and Ayeka).  She ran
for
a long time.  After a while she came face to face with Kiyone's Hydra.
    " Die Mihoshi!!!!" All of the Hydra's heads came together.  They started
to charge up with power." Feel the wrath of my Solar Cannon Mihoshi!"
    " Mr . Robot!" Mihoshi yelled in fright." Use your Earthquake now!!!"
The
chimera robot jumped high in the air and then came down with extreme force.
The whole arena shook.  The Hydra shot, but shot high do the tremors of the
earthquake.
    " That was close Mr. Robot." Mihoshi not paying any attention turned to
look out of her view only to see Hydra heads biting her Chimera.
    " Oh no!!! Mr . Robot use your Calling wild!"  Mihoshi's Chimera split
into three smaller robots: a lion, a goat, and a snake.  All three monsters
jumped onto the Hydra and took the beast down to the ground.
    " Damn Mihoshi!  Nexus use screech!" A deep rumbling in the throats of
the Hydra erupted int an ear splitting screech.  All of Mihoshi's robots
flew
back and then again joined into one.  All of the creatures in the Arena
heard
the screech and fell to the ground.
    " Now Nexus  use iternal rage and then Solar Cannon!"  The Hydra put all
of it's heads together and roared.  It was the surronded by a red light. All
heads reared back and started to suck in energy.
    Mihoshi's Chimera got back up on all four legs.  " Mr. Robot, use your
stampede attack!"  The chimera sprang forward with incredibule speed.  It
was
headed straight for Kiyone's Hydra.
    " Plasma blast now!" Tenchi yelled to his Deamon Dreadnaught.  An
immense
blue ball oh energy flew right towards Ayeka's Pheonix.  She barely dodged
the attack.
    " Pheonix use Heat Wave!" an amzingly large wave of fire spread from the
bird's mouth.
    " Dreadnaught,  run for cover!" The deamon hid behind a broken down
building.  It took most of the damage, but Tenchi still was hit.  "Time to
end this fight Ayeka.  Dreadnaught use Dark Summon!"
    " Iron Claw Pheonix." Both of the creatures stood their charging up
their
most formidable attacks.
    " Give up Sasami you can't beat me!!" Ryoko yelled. "Dragoon ready your
Seeker missiles!"
    " Ryo-ohki send out the fighters!"  The giant Ryo-ohki's stomach started
to open.  Inside you could see small kami-kazi troops ready to kill.
Dragoon's wings started to spread from its body.

    At that time everyone was charged up to do their last blow.
    " GOOOOO!!!!!!!!" everyone cried in unision.
    Mihoshi rammed right into Kiyone's Hydra.  She just bounced off.
    " Nooooo! She has a reflector shield!!!!! Good Bye Mr. Robot!!!"
    A Neon beam shot forth from all of Nexus heads.
    " Noooooooo!" Mihoshi screamed as the beam cut right through the robot's
head.  Mihoshi would have died if she wasn't teleported off to Washu's side.
    " Nice try Mihoshi."
    " I did it!" Kiyone yelled with glee.  Kiyone turned and looked out of
her window.  The chimera had exploded and she would be caught in the
explosion.
    " Why God! Why!" was her last words before she teleported to Washu's
side.
    " You did it Kiyone! Good job.  One point for your team."
    Small Ryo-ohki's flew out from the stomach of Sasami's ship.  They
headed
right for Ryoko's Dragon.  Dragoons seeker missiles flew from his body.  The
two weapons headed right for each other.  The seeker missiles hit the small
Ryo-ohkis.  The contact caused a chain reaction of explosions headed right
for  Sasami.
    " Look out Ryo-ohki!" The machine was hit with full force of the
explosion.
    Sasami and Ryoko appeared next to Washu.
    " I'm so proud of you Ryoko! One point for your team.  We are now in
sudden death!"
    The pheonix's claws shot from the body of the bird.
    " Die Tenchi!"
    Right before the claws hit.  Dreadnaught let loose his spectral horde.
They flew for the bird.  The claws hit Tenchi's robot's legs ripping them
from under his body.
    " Ahhhhhhh" the deamon fell on to the ground.  It was still moving.
    " Quickly Pheonix, fly away!" Ayeka yelled.  With the gash in its wing
it
couldn't move fast at all.  The spirit horde was upon her.  The machine
started to dissolve away...

    Both Tenchi and Ayeka teleported to the side of Washu.
    " Amazing you two!  That was wonderful.  I have to give Tenchi the
point!
Tenchi's team wins!"

    Everyone was warped back to the living room.  It was past midnight.
Everyone except Washu was tired from the battle.  They all fell on to the
chairs and couches.  They all fell asleep instantly.  Ryoko on top of
Tenchi.
 Washu came up and saw all of them asleep.
    " This is the thanks I get." she mumbled to herself.

end

Send replies to Ryoko and Tenchi@Aol.com
