WASHU'S LAMENT




Summer is always a good time for family picnics.  The full moon was bright, and all the
girls, except Sasami and Mayuka, were with me by the lake.  Our food wasn't up to
Sasami's standards, but Ryoko and Ayeka actually did a good job preparing the dinner! 
Just sitting there feeling the cool breeze was wonderful.  Ryoko was leaning against me
drawing small circles on my back, and Ayeka was leaning on my other side giving her a
very mean look.  Thank goodness they had stopped fighting all the time.

Ayeka broke the stillness with a question that has bothered her since her arrival on
earth.   

"Grandfather, I know that the great ship-tree near the shrine is my brother's.  But where
is your tree?  Did you know my brother?  Do you know what happened to him?"

"Ayeka, you are correct, the tree by the shrine is not mine, but until you arrived I did not
know who had left it at this place.

"When Haruna and I fled Jurai so long ago, we did not come to the earth first.  We
traveled the universe, enjoying the freedom, and each other's company.  I was so
happy just to be with her!  But in our happiness we had forgotten one thing.  We were
traveling on my ship and the ship-tree was connected to me and not Haruna.  She had
brought only her favorite camilla tree.  She could not gain the revitalization necessary
for sustained life from my tree.  We could, but in our youthful arrogance would not,
return to Jurai.
"As she sickened I found a Juraian energy indication on a small, out of the way, planet
far from Jurai.  We hoped that she could be revitalized by the energy, in combination
with my tree, at least enough to return her to Jurai.  As you know that was not to be.  I
buried her by her dear camilla and stayed here on earth with her.

"The energy I had detected was from the shrine tree, and the 'Demon Cave' nearby.  I
did not know who the tree belonged to, or who had built the Cave.  All I did find out was
the occupant, and resident demon, was the scientist Washu.

"I found the people that lived in the village peaceful, and decided to stay here.   I
married, and was given the name Katsuhito.  In time I took over as the shrine priest.

"And my tree?  I destroyed it soon after I arrived on earth.  At that time I wanted to
follow my Haruna in death.  Let me die quickly by loss of my Jurian power!  I was young
and foolish.  I was blinded by sorrow, and could not see that life could still hold beauty
and wonders for me. 

"The loss of my own ship-tree did cause me to age.  But the remaining power of the
shrine tree, your brother's tree, has kept me alive.  And that is how you found me when
you arrived.

"Only one person could possibly know anything about your brother.  But she seems to
have left the party."

I hadn't noticed Washu disappear from our group.  Ayeka was shaking, with some tears
on her cheeks.  Ryoko looked around and disappeared herself.

"Lord Yosho, when Ayeka asked Mihoshi and myself to investigate her brother's
disappearance, we found some old town records that have the same name come up.  It
looked like every generation or so the shrine priest was named Katsuhito.  Was that
why you took that name?"

"No, Kiyone, I did not choose the name.  It was given to me by the shrine priest of that
time.  And you're correct, that name is used in honor of the first shrine priest.  The
priest that built the Masaki shrine and the 'Demon Cave.'"

"Grandfather Yosho, Katsuhito was my brother's name!  I had thought nothing of its
significance in this place because I thought you had just chosen a Juraian name.  My
brother!  Why would they revere a Juraian name through the years?

"Grandfather, does this mean that my brother is not alive?  Please, tell me!"

Ayeka's tears were flowing now.  Mihoshi and Kiyone came over to comfort her, but
how can you feel that pain?  Even I was at a loss, having lost my mother when I was
young I did not have any experience with this.  At that point Ryoko appeared behind
me.  

"Tenchi, take Ayeka to Funaho.  I found Washu, and she's waiting for you both.  Kiyone
and Mihoshi, please, you stay here."

The walk up the concrete stairs to the shrine seemed longer than normal.  Ryoko was
on one side of Ayeka, and I was on the other.  Ayeka held both our hands.  As we
neared the great tree Funaho, we could see our resident mad scientist, and part-time
demon sitting with her back against the tree, and her face raised to the full moon.  On
her cheeks were the tracks of tears.  Tears that I had not seen since she had taken
care of little Taro, and told us about her child.

"Washu, we're here.  You wanted to tell Ayeka something?"

"Sit down Tenchi and you girls, you all need to hear this.  Isn't it funny that memories
can be good or bad, but even the good ones can hurt."

I sat by Ayeka, and Ryoko was still on her other side.

"Ayeka, yes I did know your brother long ago.  I have never thought it necessary to tell
you that.  It could only bring pain for both of us.

"The truth is your brother Katsuhito brought me to this planet.  After I was placed in the
stasis capsule and sent into space, he found me.  It was he that brought me to earth as
a refuge.  Only he could not break the capsule seal to release me.  It was only Ryoko,
Tenchi, and you being in the cave at the same time that brought together enough
power to release me.

"When he arrived on the earth this area had a small village named Masaki nearby.  To
protect my capsule he built the underground room so it could not be seen by the
villagers.  His design was ingenious, but flawed.  The stasis capsule was not meant to
sustain life over ages.  To keep me alive he had to plant his tree, Funaho, in the lake
nearby.  The water from the lake flowed into the maze around my capsule down in it's
chamber.  That water is what kept me alive.  But Katsuhito knew that letting the tree
take root destroyed his means of leaving, as well as his life.  The rooted tree can only
preserve some functions, but he would age, just like Yosho, and die as normal earth
people do.

"Over time Katsuhito became the wise man and priest of the town.  In this way he could
watch over me.  Every day he would come to the chamber and tell me the events of the
day, just as Sasami does for Yugi.  After time passed he died, and his son took his
place.  By having a 'demon' in the cave, the villagers left me alone."

"But Washu, I don't understand!  Why did my brother do this?  Why would he sacrifice
everything for you?  Why?"  Ayeka had moved toward Washu.

Washu's head bowed forward with memories.  It was a small voice that answered
Ayeka's plea.

"Ayeka, don't you understand?  Your brother was my husband.  And his son was my
son too.  He could not abandon me like the family tried to have him do when we were
married at the Science Academy.  Please forgive me for not telling you this earlier. 
Please, I thought I had my reasons."

Ryoko told me to go home and she would bring Ayeka home.

Standing on my balcony later, watching the full moon, I now knew why my mother had
such Jurian powers, she was Juraian on both sides of the family.  I felt a smooth, cool
hand touch my cheek.  I reached up and took it in mine.

"Ryoko."

"Tenchi, Ayeka needs you now.  Go to her."

I quietly thanked her and started to leave the balcony.  Just far enough to hear
muttered under Ryoko's breath, "Ayeka, you owe me another one!"  




Disclaimer: Characters copyrighted by Pioneer LDC, and are used here for non-profit
making purposes only.
 

  





 



   
