Washu’s Intergalactic Dating Service

(A little satirical scene set in the “Obligation” continuity)


     Washu was bored.  Bored, bored, *bored*.  She sighed, and slumped
over her floating cushion of a chair.  It was no fun around the lab
anymore, what with Kagato sulking away, too depressed to even bother
with the usual tormenting of her other lab assistants, but at the same
time too irritable to properly tease.  Ever since his little trip back
to the homeland, he had returned in a foul temper.  Washu wasn’t sure
whether she would attribute it to his lack of having a proper sex life,
or his newfound lack of hands. She placed her bets on the former,
as hands could easily be grown overnight in a spare organ tank, whereas
quality poontang probably laid somewhere outside of his scope of
expertise.

     Washu winced at the sound of books and tablets clattering
to the ground.  Again with the artificial replacements.  Well, it was
up to her to solve this, and if she couldn’t get him to fix his damned
hands, she could at least fix him up.

     “Number one genius of the universe, Washu to the rescue!”  She
said to herself, proudly, one finger pointed into the air.  Across
the subspace lab, Kagato cursed under his breath as he dropped his
communication device.  Hands-free my ass, he thought.

     Washu sat up at once, her spectral screen appearing before her at
the speed of thought.  A few seconds later, she had hacked into the new
admissions files for the Royal Space Academy.  Downloading the entire
fileset, she deftly crunched the data so that it would run neatly
through her psychological profile equations, equations that to date
were only known to the upper echelon of the Juraian military, possibly
the royal family, and a sanitarium patient named Grebchik, the
self-styled King of Spain, wherever that was.

     She looked over to see if Kagato was paying attention, and sighed
in relief to see him trying to pick up his pens.  That should keep him
busy, she thought.  Absently, she added his parameters into the
equations, based on his own student records.  “Loves rainy days?”
Check.  “Walks on the beach?”  Check.  “Ambitions to destroy planets?”
Check.  “Likes curry?”  Check.  “Enjoys kayaking?”  Check.

     She sat back in her cushion and set it to spin idly as the entire
database ran through her detailed psychological profile of Kagato.
A few minutes later, four names appeared as ideal matches, and she
immediately discarded one of them, since she was fairly certain Kagato
wasn’t interested in boys.  Fairly.

     Of the three remaining, she read through their files, scrutinizing
every possible aspect of their family backgrounds, psychology,
intellect, ambition, and willingness to get naked and freaky with an
amputee.

     “This one seems good…no…they’re in the same field…don’t want him
to kill her.  Then again, that could be fun.  But no, the cleanup
would be too tricky…oh wait.  Here we go.”

     “Akiko of Durance, age 24.  Marital status: Single.  Galactic
Test scores: 4190/4200.”  Washu skimmed through the rest of the file.

     “Oh, this one’s perfect!  She’s sickly, so that means she can’t
run away too fast!  Washu, you are such a genius!”  Washu cackled
madly as her fingers flew in a blinding race over the keyboard.

     From across the lab, Kagato cursed as he clumsily dropped his new
prosthetic hand on his foot.

     Washu grinned.  Oh, this was going to be so fun…





Characters belong to AIC/Pioneer.

Thanks to SC for letting me use her joke.  Thanks to Rows and Mary for
prereading.  There’s probably more, but I’m terrible at remembering.

"Obligation" can be found at:
http://www.fanfiction.net/profile.php?userid=119143

You can find us all on #muyoff on dal.net IRC.
http://www.muyo.org/muyoff/muyoff.html

Sparkly evil may be found at: http://pub78.ezboard.com/bbishonenmuyo

Questions and comments may be directed to cori_ohki@hotmail.com.
Thank you for reading!


