Blah Blah Blah I do not own any of the Tenchi charters although I'd love own
Ryoko for one nite. Hehheh n e way.don't sue me .... Yea don't sue me. And
if ya do well ur the sick hentai #*(^*)^! messed up people that created this
so there.... Ok srry.    Disclaimer : I don't own all of these characters,
well, maybe one or two, but as for the rest of them, they are property of
AIC and Pioneer. I am NOT looking for any type of lawsuit or anything of
that nature. Besides, such efforts are futile, because there is absolutely
no way that I can pay off ANY amount of money, for I am flat broke. Hey, you
can't squeeze blood from a turnip... but you can from a potato which is what
I am so ok.

Just so you know Ryoko is my fav but this is for all you Washu fans. Go
Irish red heads!!!!!!!!! (I'm Italian)  porhpanity will be used this isn't
gay pokemon ya know. Another note this will be shot by 4 camera men so if
one is blasted or faints another one will start lez get
On with the show!!

     WASHU'S Bad hair day
Intro
 Ok today is the big day .don't screw up. Let's have role call and we'll be
on with the show. Ted "here" Mike "here" Tracy " I'm here". Right .. huh hey
where the hell is tenchi's dad!  [Ted] " um he is really sick. so ...he
couldn't . ahh come. right yea". "everyone thinks( acutally we tied him up
because he would be to much of a pervert)." Alright you got 3 hours, go out
their and make an episode.

 Ok blah blah blah I'll add the begging later let's check in on Washu or
little Washu. "This is just peachy . It's been 10 minutes and I haven't
invented something yet". O this is really pissing me off!" The only other
time this has ever happen was in high sc..""No hella way I am gonna do that
again."  (Ted) dude the boss is gonna love this and she dosen't even see us
this really awesome. "Washu just stairs at her arm and finally says "fine"
very muffled though. Washu gets up knocking over some things stops and
continues to another part of the lab. Hey guys we got to go after
her.{Tracy} here we go again running after these people I just don't get
it!".{Mike} shut the f--- up we got to move. They chase Washu to the .. the
hell ..dude the girls bathroom of Washu's lab. [ personal note I don't get
it either] the Camera-men and girl watch as Washu enters the bathroom. (all
of them) I'm not going in!! yes you are ted!! Why me. {ok this will be the
Ted cam from now on}.Washu  "all right lets start with the nails" Washu
furiously paints her nails black. "Now for that hair of mine and then.."
There is a huge pause in Washu 's weird acting but finally she starts again.
Ted at this point is freaked out and wants to piss his pants. "what the hell
is she doing, this is like some thing a girl would do in collage." Now by
this time Washu 's hair, nails, and toenails are black. She removes her..
Aaaa  camera failure but audio is still going. {Mike} Ted what is happening
you stopped the feed. She has um... gone in the shower, and a closet. After
10 mintues okay new battery in camera feed back on. Wow Washu is looking
fine. AAAAhhhhh hehehehe Washu as before has those parts of her body black
but now she has black pants and a glittery dark/gray green coat with a black
tank top under that. Ted is know unconsious but wait.. O NO Tenchi's dad is
now filming. Mike and Tracy are spazing out Ryoko , Tenchi, and every one
else is un aware that their about to see Washu as she was in high school and
now Washu is heading to the exit that will led into the Maski house hold. Um
let's watch!

To Be continued......well  NOT  hahhah you though it was over well I'm doing
the whole story so there

{Washu}"well were is everyone" her sounding very disappointed. "I guess I'll
just... Ahhhhh hell tenchi 's dad is stuck inside Washu 's lab [whew! That
was close] (Tracy)  "go Mike and forget about Ted we will get him later." Ok
mike is now taping looks left and right in the family room she's not there
shit. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. Huh? Mike just hurry
upstairs now! OK! { Ok before we head upstairs and find out what the heck
that scream was let's just clean things up a bit. Back in the lab when Ted
went in after Washu Tracy and Mike went back to the CamCord Van as they call
it. And it's parked on the other side of the lake so it's well hidden. o
crap Mike is already up there let's see what is up!} Ryoko "Mom!!! ...
Tenchi! Ayeaka! Someone get the hell in here now" Ayeaka   " What is wrong
Ryoko ... aa  TENCHI!!!" Tenchi "What is it waaaaaa Washu" "So I guess you
didn't know I have a wild side". "Pucker up Tenchi" Mike you still with me
says Tracy. "aahah yea fine nothin I havn't seen before (in mind not really
holy shit I say we get Ted and get out)". Washu has a glared stair at a
really pissed off Ryoko and Ayeaka she simply says." Fine Take this
then!" .....static....static...static..... O crap that was not right" "what
is it Mike" A really wicked Tattoo acrosse Washu's back." "Ted should have
seen that" "aaaaaahhhh I feel better know thinks Washu". "And, Since
everyone has fainted I'd like to congratulate you on filming my
Documentary" .." Hey stop hiding I'm not gonna hurt you or something".
Suddenly Tracy barges in checks Mike and starts violently talking to Washu.
"You knew the whole darn time that we were filming you"! "yep I'm a genius
ain't I" "but but how ?????? "Well (she says with a smirk when you have
Myoshi patrolling the earth she probably notices something at the  place she
eats at every nite" "You mean we were outwitted by a dumb-ass." : I f your
gonna put it that way they yes" " O one last thing can I see you CamCord"
Tracy un-willingly gives Washu the camcorder" Washu turns it to her face.
"bye-bye every one"....... end live feed (Ted in the basement finally
regains awakness and he has something to say " that's all folks" shit what
did I just say?

Ok this is my first so it's really bad ok but from here on in most of my
fics will have the camera crew trying to stop tenchi's dad more next time so
give me some comments

AOL: Screen Name = MoonRei
E-Mail = .....  dead feed maybe next time.

By'
Dan Usako = not real name ok!!! Mm what could be ?