The day started as any other at the Misaki house. Sasami handling breakfast,
Mihoshi and Kiyone were watching the television, and Ryoko and Aeka were
doing their normal, everyday thing; fighting over Tenchi.

Tenchi stumbled down the stairs with sleep heavy in his eyes. He mindlessly
made his way through the house to the kitchen. In the midst of his
wanderings, he managed to drag himself through the pirate and princess’
fight.

"Good morning, lord Tenchi."

"Hey, Tenchi," Ryoko said as she latched herself on to him and kissed him on
the cheek, which infuriated Aeka to no end. The two continued to battle
while Tenchi went on as if he didn’t even notice the fight. He arrived in
the kitchen where Sasami had just finished breakfast.

"Here you go Tenchi," she said in her sweet eight-year-old voice. "Since
you’re here first, you get the first serving."

Sasami then walked into the living room, with Ryo-oki perched atop her head,
of course, and announced that breakfast was ready. Everybody piled into the
kitchen with food on their minds. The usual
sit-around-the-table-and-stuff-yourself custom was how breakfast ran, that
was until Washu entered the kitchen, followed closely by her coffee-guzzling
mini-robots A and B.

"I have an announcement," the pint-sized maniac said. "I have created a new
invention. Well, it’s not really new, it’s just something that I made for
everyone of you. I made everyone their own little A’s and B’s."

Every jaw in the room dropped to the floor. "Mom, what possessed you to do
this," Ryoko asked.

"I thought everyone could use some help around here," Washu replied. "The
mini-robots are a big help and confidence builder. I have them waiting in
the lab for everyone after breakfast.

Since Washu’s announcement, everyone in the room was struck with pure,
morbid, and perverse curiosity. Everyone then rushed to the sink to wash
their own dish, an idea by Sasami to save time, and ran to the lab.

The first set of A’s and B’s to emerge were Mihoshi’s. "Mihoshi’s the best,"
they chimed in unison. Mihoshi stood and stared dumbfounded for a moment,
until they scampered up to her. She then turned tail and ran to the nearest
closet and closed the door behind her, refusing to come out until her
mini-bots were gone.

Next were Aeka’s. Aeka decided to keep hers around so she went about her
usual lazy day of watching TV knowing that there was at least one less
competitor for the remote, the other was hiding in the closet.

Sasami already had a plan for her A and B. They could wash and dry dishes
while she played with Ryo-oki. Her two came out of the lab and started to
follow her around.

Kiyone wasn’t exactly excited about having two mini-hers. She just decided
to ignore the two as the tagged along her every footstep form their first
second out of the lab.

Ryoko didn’t want two robots follow her around and call her the best, so as
soon as they said her name, she phased away from the room, and the robots
just stared at each other and started talking. "Ryoko’s the hottest. (AN:
she just is) Ryoko deserves Tenchi (AN: she just does)," they said.

Tenchi’s were last. Tenchi’s mini-robots just followed him out to the field
where he thought of teaching them to harvest carrots. Tenchi left the house
and walked out to the field. Tenchi tried to talk to his little minions, but
that was to no avail. "OK guys, here’s how to harvest a carrot," he tried to
say, but he was just cut off by mindless banter from his minions. Tenchi
decided that teaching them wasn’t worth his time. So he went to meet Yosho
for sword practice.

Yosho was amused with the ease he could beat his grandson on that day. The
mini-bots were actually counter-productive to tenchi. He would constantly
trip on them or they would just get in his way. Finally irritated with the
worthlessness of them, he used his wooden sword to smash one, while the
other ran away. He was at least happy to be rid of half of the day’s
problems. He then turned on the disabled robot with a split robot-head that
was emitting blue sparks. He then asked Yosho a question "hey grandpa, wanna
help me beat this thing stupid?"

"It doesn’t need anymore stupidity beaten into it, but it sounds like fun."

The two proceeded to beat A into the ground until it couldn’t muster even a
fragment of speech. "Want to help with the other," Tenchi asked.

"No, I have to sweep the shrine, go do what you want."

Then Tenchi set out to find the other scared robot. He looked all around the
fields and house, but when it came to the lake, he saw that B had thrown
itself in because of the death of the other (AN: talk about commitment,
eh?).

Mihoshi decided to come out of the closet, because she was getting scared of
the dark, so she ran around and around the house, followed by the two
mini-Mihoshi’s, she darted to the bathroom. The two robots then had her
pinned, so she mustered up some courage and threw on in the toilet. The
other followed her into the toilet.

Kiyone got tired of the two following her, so she found the blaster in her
sock drawer and shot both of them.

Aeka was annoyed with her robots telling her how she great she was, so she
had Asaka and Kimidake drop on top of each one. The two didn’t quite
survive, but the princess and her guardians had a nice laugh.

Sasami’s plan didn’t quite work either, the water shorted out their circuits
enough so they decided that instead of working together, they decided to
fight to the death with dirty silverware. She didn’t see it as a loss, but
it gave her a good scare.

Ryoko decided to get creative with the disposal of her puppets. She picked
one up and hurtled it into the sky, she was surprised when it hit the moon.
She then picked the other up, dropped it and kicked it as hard as she could.
That caused a slight explosion, but it rid her life of them.

Later that day, everyone sat down for dinner, and talked about their freaky
mini-android others. Washu entered and was baffled when she didn’t see any
robots. "Hey, what happened to all of the A’s and B’s?"

"Well Washu, it isn’t that it was appreciated…," Tenchi started

"…but they were just annoying," Ryoko finished.

"And scary," Mihoshi added.

"Mine killed each other," Sasami said.

"Strange, I didn’t program them to fight to the death, did you get them near
water?"

"Yeah," Sasami said, "but you never told us to not get them near water."

Washu didn’t even feel like rebutting Sasami’s statement, she was very angry
with everyone’s reaction to her act of kindness. "FINE, SEE IF I EVER DO
ANYTHING FOR ANY OF YOU AGAIN," Washu yelled before storming into her lab.

Everyone eventually apologized to Washu and she eventually was a happy
member of the Misaki house again.

This was my second fanfic, I wanted this one to be funnier than my previous,
feedback good or bad can be sent to Corriganluckey69@yahoo.com