This started as an Idea that I posted on the Washu
Mailing list suggesting A nasty trick to play on Ad&d
players would be to make washu a darklord in the
Ravenloft setting. It kind of took of from there. I am
thinking about writing this up in a more complete
form.

I would also like to thank Gregory Hines for his imput
(he helped me more than just below. this is just the
post that inspired me go deeper into this twisted
idea)

Gregory Hines wrote.

>
> You are one sick MF.  I don't even want to think
> about
> it...  (poor Washu...  Bye bye domains of dread, you
> are about to participate in a leveraged buyout of
> sorts).

(with my best Jeromy Irons impersonation) You have no
Idea.  Below I have given some images of  Washu's
domain in ravenloft.  <WARNING:  This is not for the
Sqemish,  I don't wan't any of you telling your
mommies that it is my falt when you wake up screaming
in middle of the night.>

Washu's Nightmare.

By Paul "BigRed" Shannon

Tenchi muyo and Ad&d are the property of there
respective owners.  They do not belong to me.
this is also my first attempt (however small) at fan
fiction. (make you shudder at what I will do when I
get warmed up dosen't it ^_^)

Imagine that you are walking though the woods of you
home domain (it could be any since Washu's domain,
like many other pocket domains changes its location
frequently). All of the sudden you feel a cold shudder
go thru you.  The formally clear sky has become dark
and foreboding.  A cold rain starts falling.  You look
around and see that the green trees of the forest you
were strolling thru have transformed into the twisted
gray skeletons of maple trees.  Then all of the sudden
you hear a low anguished moan coming from the trees
off to your side.  As you concentrate, you also hear
the rustle of something pushing thru the brush.  Then
with a final crash, the source of the noise comes into
view.  You recoil in horror as your mind tries to
process what your eyes are showing it.  It was once
humanoid (what race you can't tell) but now it is the
thing of nightmares.  It still has an upright form but
it shudders and moans with every attempt to move.  The
metal appendages appear to support and torment it at
the same time.  They cut into flesh and bone with
impunity.  Organs of unknown type outside the body
pulse and throb in time with its anguished cries.
Then this perversion of nature spots you.  Using what
appears to be its last ounce of strength it stumbles
towards you.  You try to run but fear has rooted you
to the spot.  Finally what strength it has gives out
and it crashes to the ground at your feet, metal
bending, bones breaking, organs rupturing.  With its
last breath it whispers "enditenditendit".  Finally,
your senses return and you run blindly though the
woods trying to put as much distance between you and
it as possible.  The thorns and briars rip and tear at
your skin and clothes but you don't care.  Then as
lightning and thunder start to crash overhead you
stagger out into a clearing.  A chilling site is
before you.  You are looking down onto a small lake
with a house on it.  The lake is brackish and filled
with scum.  Around the edge things like the one you
met in the woods lie half submerged in the water.
Most are still but some still struggle feebly in the
stinking muck.  The house once could have been
luxurious but time has decayed it to the point that it
is hardly standing.  You really don't want to enter it
but the rain has turned into hail and you can hear the
moaning and thrashing of hundreds of anguished souls
in the woods behind you. So you walk thru the smashed
doorway.  As you examine the shattered remains of what
was once a comfortable living room, you realize not
all the damage was caused by time.  As if to answer
your question, with a crash three people come thru the
wall into the room.  The belief that they are normal
is instantly dispelled by the stench of decay that
surrounds them.  The two women have the desiccated
look that you have come to expect from the ancient
dead (Mummies) their once beautiful robes are faded
and torn.  They both seem to be talking (or more
accurately yelling) at each other but time has removed
their voices.  The stench is coming from the person
that the women are struggling over.  He has the
decayed look of a Zombie.  His clothes are almost in
complete tatters and his flesh is in the same state.
The poor soul's arms have been stretched out of all
proportion by the two lades struggle over him.  If he
is still aware, he doesn't show it, he seems resigned
to be their decaying doll to fight over.   Just as you
decide that you have seen enough and turn to leave,
you feel a sting in you back and blackness follows.

        The next thing you realize, you are strapped to a
metal table in a small room.  The walls of this room
are hung with all sort of metal instruments.  While
you cannot deduce their function, the fact that all of
them are splattered with blood and flecks of gore
doesn't bode well.  Then to your other side you hear
the sound of somebody clearing their throat.  You look
over to see a young girl dressed in a lab coat.   She
has a spiky crown of red hair that would be beautiful
if not for the grime covering it.  Her green eyes have
the look of insanity in them.  This madness has
ravaged the rest of her body too. She is unnaturally
thin, and lack of food has caused her eyes to become
sunken.  You would feel sorry for her but you notice
that her coat is covered with even more blood and gore
than the tools.  She then starts jumping up and down
in a gesture that would be cute anyplace else.  She
says in a girlish exited voice, "Oh goodie, A new
subject,". Then the screaming starts….and NEVER stops.

BigRed