Disclaimer:
Pioneer owns TM! and the cast and stuff, not me.
This fanfic is written by me, and I would apperciate if you wouldn't copy it

Where Washu's Dolls Come From
by
~Brain~Wav~

	Tenchi was sleeping soundly when he was awoken by his alarm clock,
telling him that he was going to be late for school. 
"Ahhh! mmmfff" Tenchi exclaimed as he bolted upright and got his face 
lodged between Ryoko's melons.  

	"Tenchi, how sweet!"  Ryoko exclaimed, taking it the wrong way.  
Tenchi quickly dislodged himself and ran out into the hall, knocking Ayeka
over.

	"Sorry Miss Ayeka!"  He called behind him, she watched as he 
bolted out the door, and to the bus stop.  Halfway there, he noticed
that he was buck naked.  Realizing that he must've forgotten to get dressed
in the comotion,he blushed like a tomato, and ran back to the house and
snuck in, avoiding the gazes of the girls.

	As he was getting dressed he thought to himself, 'Well, I'm already
an hour late.  I hope Dad won't mind just letting me stay home today,' then 
he added 'Maybe I'll go talk to Washu about keeping Ryoko out of my room, or 
at least clothed!'

	"Dad, yeah its me, Tenchi.  I kinda had a bit of a problem this
morning and I missed the bus."  Tenchi was on the phone with his father,
"Thanks, dad.  Yeah, OK.  Alright, thanks.  Gotta go, bye."  He hung 
the phone up.  Then he trudged to the door of Washu's lab, hoping that
she wouldn't try to get a sample out of him today.

	Opening the door, he saw Washu busy working on some strange machine
that looked like a cross between a pink yard flamingo and a Coke machine.
"Uhh, Washu-chan, could I ask you a question?"  Tenchi asked.

	"Sure, Tenchi," she put down her tools and walked over to Tenchi,
"but you do know I still need that sample!"  She cackled the last part out.

	"Uhh, right," he squeaked,  "Could you please to to find a way to
keep Ryoko out? She's getting worse, today she was hovering over my bed
NAKED!"  He finished.

	"Ok, just give me a minute," he holo-top appeared and she typed away
furiously.  "OK, done.  Now your room is in another dimension and only the 
men, Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, and I can come in without you opening the door first.
Everyone else will be sent to another hellish dimension for 1 minute!"  She
cackled very loudly and Tenchi ran, scared like the big wuss he is.

Later that day...
	"Oh, Teeeeennnnchiii!"  Ryoko called out as she entered his room where
he was studying.  "Hi, Ten...chi...  WHAT THE HELL!?"  Ryoko screamed out as
she looked aroud she was surrounded by mini-Washu puppets.  "Ahh!  Get away!
Get away!"
she screamed.  

	When she opened her eyes one minute later, she saw Tenchi and Sasami 
looking at her, dumbfounded.  She jumped up and hugged Tenchi, "Oh, it was 
so scary Tenchi!  Washu's puppets were everywhere!  I was sooo SCARED!"

	Sasami helped pry Ryoko from Tenchi and he went back in his room,
trying to figure out why Ryoko had been so scared.  He then heard Ayeka knock,
as the door opened, there was a small flash and Ayeka was no where to be found.

	Sure enough, one minute later, "Help me Tenchi!  The mini-Washus are 
after me!"  She looked up to see Washu standing there, she panicked and ran out
the lake to hide.

	"What's wrong with her?"  Tenchi asked Washu.

	"You ever wonder where my puppets came from?"  Washu asked him.

	"Not really."

	"Well, she just found out, and so did Ryoko."  She replied and cackled
evily.

-The End-

Yep, I know, its dumb, but I could've written a sequel to Ryosashuka.

And yes, Tenchi is the planet's biggest WUSS!

send flames to:
~Brain~Wav~@techie.com
