Watashitachi no Yume no Uchi
 (Our Dream House)

A Tenchi Muyo! fanfic by Keiichi Masaki
(Keiichi_dono@hotmail.com, keiichi-dono@geocities.com)

Tenchi and company belong to Pioneer, AIC, TV Tokyo, etc.

Summer, AD 1979

 "Ah, Masaki-kun." Matsudaira Kiichi smiled over his protégé's
shoulder.  "How's everything?"
 Masaki Nobuyuki looked back over his shoulder and smiled back at his
mentor.  "Just fine, Matsudaira-sempai.  Oh, by the way, thanks a lot
for letting me design that new building."
 "No problem.  After all, you are one of the most promising young
architects in our firm."  Matsudaira's eyes swept across Nobuyuki's desk
and fell upon a framed picture.  In it, a beautiful woman with dark hair
and gentle features smiled while holding a baby boy.  "So, this must be
the little lady, huh?  No wonder you're such a devoted family man."
 Nobuyuki grinned.  "Yep, that's my Achi-chan.  And that's our son,
Tenchi."
 Matsudaira stroked his beard.  "Heaven and earth… that's an unusual
name for a child."
 "Blame it on my father in law.  I think it fits him, though."
 "Ah, I see… hmm, this is interesting." The older man indicated a
well-worn sketch taped to one of the desk's upper shelves.  It was of a
house--a rather large one, not unlike the designs that so plagued
American suburbs (on the other hand, the Amerika-jin had the room for
houses like that). "Nice house."
 "Oh, that." Nobuyuki blushed.  "That's a house I designed back in high
school… it's sorta my wife and I's dream house."
 "Oh, really?" Matsudaira sounded intrigued.
 "Yep.  A lot of the features--like the red roof and windows on the top
floor--were Achika's idea." A wistful sigh escaped his lips.  "What I
wouldn't give to be able to build this house for her someday…"
 "You really love her, don't you?" Matsudaira asked suddenly.
 The question took Nobuyuki by surprise, but there was no hesitation in
his answer.  "Yes, I do."
 "I tell ya what… how would you like the company to pay for the building
of this 'dream house' of yours?"
 This question was even more of a surprise than the last.  "It'd be
great… but what's the catch?"
 Matsudaira laughed and clapped his younger colleague on the shoulder.
"Just keep up the good work.  Hell, at this rate, you'll be in my
position before too long, so why shouldn't we keep our most promising
designers happy?"
 Nobuyuki laughed along with him.  He couldn't wait to get home and tell
Achika.  Kimi… our dream is finally coming true…
 Winter, present day

 Long after the rest of the household had retired, Masaki Nobuyuki sat
in the darkened living room.  Tomorrow would be Christmas, but he had
received his present early.
More accurately, his son had received his present early.
Kiyone had accepted the engagement ring happily--the ring that Nobuyuki
had proposed to Achika with a quarter-century before.  Before Achika had
died, she had given the ring to Tenchi and made him promise to only give
it to the woman he wanted to spend his life with.  Tenchi had been as
good as his word, and the future Kiyone Masaki would be safe and sound
in his arms tonight--and every night from now on.
When Nobuyuki looked at Tenchi and Kiyone, he felt almost as if he were
watching himself and Achika when they were young again.  He wished them
the same happiness.
Somehow, he knew they'd find it.
He sighed.  Achika had been a wonderful wife, but she had taken to
motherhood like a cabbit to carrots.  She had always wanted to have more
children, but he had insisted on waiting… for what, he had no idea
anymore.
This house… their house… was meant to ring with the sound of children's
laughter.  At least, it finally would--even if they were Nobuyuki and
Achika's grandchildren instead of children.
Nobuyuki stepped onto the porch and raised his saucer of saké to the
snowy sky.  Well, kimi, our dream is still alive, even now… I hope that
you're looking down from heaven and smiling at us right now.

OWARI

A belated Merry Christmas, minna-san.  Yes, this is a side story for For
the Love of Kiyone.  Enjoy!