Watch Me Sleep
Songfic. Tenchi and Ryoko.


Oh I could hide ‘neath the wing

Of the blue bird as she sings

The six o’clock alarm

Would never ring

But it rings, and I rise

Wipe the sleep out of my eyes

My shaving razors cold and it stings

When I was smaller ten o’clock in the morning seemed too early. And now I
know, for a fact 6am is too early. But Ryoko never seems to think so, she
sits by my bed looking at me, as I reach over and shut the alarm off.

“Good morning Tenchi” she says and yawns.

“Morning Ryoko” I say, knowing she probably sat there all night watching me.
“You really need to stop watching me while I sleep; you’re always tired.”

“I like watching you while you sleep” She answers shortly and phased through
my floor.

I’m still lying in my bed, now staring at my ceiling. I suddenly feel bad
for her. Wondering if I could ever tell her exactly how much it means to me
that she stays with me, protecting me, through the night.

I rise out of my bed and stumbled out the door. I hope faintly that no one
is in the men’s room cause I’m not in the mood for anyone this morning. I
see Ayeka in the hall and I nod my head.

I open the bathroom door and sigh, thank god. I look in the mirror, and I
can see myself looking back. I’m not sure how long I looked but after a
while my face started to look unfamiliar, the face of a coward. I shook my
head violently, that’s not me.

I realized I have stubble on my face so I reach to my razor. A clean-shaven
face. I wonder how much it really matters. It’s not like I would have the
balls to kiss anyone; maybe I am a coward, I think. I start to shave my
face, but I’m not really paying attention. I don’t realize I’m cut until I
see the blood droplets in the sink. I sigh. I don’t know what to do.

Cheer up sleepy Jean

Oh what can it mean?

To a daydream believer

And a homecoming queen

I walk down stairs and I can feel her eyes on me, traveling past my facade
and straight into my soul. I shiver. She saw me. I wonder if she’ll pounce
on me today. Will she whisper sexual innuendos in my ear; promises of how
much she could love me if I would just let her? If she did I would push her
away, tell her to stop. But she knows how much I like it, how much I want
her. That’s why she does it. She knows how much I love her.

I could tell her how much I love her, make it real. But I won’t. But
sometimes when I’m sitting through endless hours of school, I can picture
her and me. Together. In love. Happy.

She might not be one of the two Princesses in my home, but she is my Queen.
She rules over my heart. My soul. And it hurts me to see her so sad. Because
we’re not together. Because Ayeka is here, because she loves me too. I look
around the room and I can see everything like it always is, Sasami cooking,
Mihoshi watching television, Ayeka sweeping outside.

Ryoko still sits though, watching me.

Oh you once thought of me

As a white knight on a steed

But now you know how happy I can be

And our good times start and end

Without dollar one to spend

But how much baby do you really need?



I wish at that moment I could touch her face, tell her how I feel. But I
know I can’t. I walk over to her and sit down next to her at the table. I
nod at her and she to me. I can feel her hand over mine and she squeezes it
gently, reassuring me. I love her for that. I know, she knows I love her.

She thinks that I’m strong, she thinks I can handle not being able to touch
her. But I can’t. And as Sasami yells that breakfast is ready, and as
everyone sits around the table to eat, I want to hold her hand.

She thinks I can save her. From her past, from her present, almost like an
angel. And I’m beginning to think I can too. I can’t offer her anything now,
just a silent understanding. And she knows that. She doesn’t need anything
more then that right now.

Just as long as I let her watch me sleep.

Cheer up sleepy Jean

Oh what can it mean?

To a daydream believer

And a homecoming Queen