Standard disclaimer stuff: I don't own any characters
mentioned. At all. If I did, I
wouldn't be working retail by day and writing fanfic
at midnight. But, such is the life of a
college student. Any feedback is appreciated. Even
flames. I've never gotten one, so I'm
almost curious. *G* If, for some miraculous reason,
you do like this story, let me know. I
have some other fics kicking around in my head. And,
just to be prudent, I repeat: Tenchi
etc are not mine. Honest. And with that, Ciao!

Watching
By Kaylana

Ryoko rolled lazily unto her stomach and tried to
stifle a giggle. Not only would it
ruin her image, it might get her caught, and now was
not a time for catching.
        When she had first awakened, and settled in at the
Masaki residence, Ryoko had
developed a habit of watching Tenchi sleep. Something
about how peaceful he looked,
like there were no worries in the world, was a great
comfort to her when her own dreams
usually ended in a barely contained scream and a
mental image of Kagato. Of course, as
more people arrived to join the merry Masaki clan, it
began to be a hard habit to keep.
        Ayeka wanted nothing to do with it all. And
therefore, Ryoko shouldn't have
anything to do with it either. Not like he wasn't
covered. Sheesh. Eventually, the protests
of the others, and the protests of Tenchi himself, had
gotten Ryoko to stop watching him
at night. Now, she had found a different way.
        Tenchi took off his shirt and laid it beside him on
the ground. It was a hot day for
gardening, but the carrots had to be tended to. Little
did he know that not quiet six feet
above him Ryoko floated silently. Watching. Nothing
more, just watching him. And
being near him. And it may not help her sleep at
night, but it was enough to get her
through the day.
        There were distinct advantages of course. Tenchi
didn't know she was there. The
others didn't even know she was there. She could float
along his side all day without
making a sound. And, best of all, no one was around to
catch the dreamy look in her eyes.
Tenchi really was her center. She lived to be around
him, and protect him, at all costs.
The tough space pirate act was easy enough to
maintain, she'd had years to practice, but
no one knew that when she turned her back the scowl
disappeared. Truthfully, Ryoko was
as bad as any schoolgirl with a crush on the star
athlete. Admit it or not, she was in love.
        Of course, Tenchi knew the girls all had feelings for
him. He even knew what he
really felt towards them. The emotional damage a
verbal decision could cause was
enough to stop him from making one. He cared for all
of them in different ways. Some,
just more than others.
        "I wonder," Ryoko thought to herself, "How long this
can last? Here I am,
actually happy for once, surely something will ruin
it."
        As if on cue, Ryo-ohki ran up to Tenchi's side mewing
excitedly the whole time.
"Miya, miya-miya, Mi-YA!" The cabbit explained to
Tenchi as if he could understand
her.
        "Wait," Tenchi put down his hoe and wiped the sweat
from his brow. "Say it
again, and slower Ryo-ohki.
        "Miya. Miya-miyaa. Mi-Ya!" the cabbit repeated.
        "I'll just guess then," Tenchi smiled. "Ayeka is
upset because Ryoko isn't doing
her chores."
        An affirmative Miya answered him.
        "And she sent you to ask me if I'd seen her since
breakfast?"
        Another miya confirmed his suspicions.
        Ryoko, in the meantime, watched with a growing sense
of panic. If he found her
here, she'd never get this time again. When and how
she'd find another place and time to
be alone with Tenchi she couldn't even imagine.
        "Sorry, Ryo-ohki," Tenchi shook his head at the
cabbit. "I haven't seen her all
day. Check down by the cave. She goes there sometimes
when she's avoiding
housework."
        "Miya!" Ryo-ohki thanked him and bounded off for the
shrine area.
        Ryoko relaxed in relief.
        Tenchi picked his hoe up again and started back on
the work of maintaining the
ever-growing carrot patch. Just as Ryoko was really
beginning to enjoy watching him
work, he propped the hoe beside him. Without looking
up, or behind him, Tenchi spoke,
"You're welcome, Ryoko"
        Scarlet flushed Ryoko's cheeks and she almost
stammered. For lack of better
things to say she simply replied with a mumbled,
"Thank you."
        Tenchi's laughter started quietly. "I hope you've
enjoyed yourself today," he
chuckled. He turned in time to see Ryoko's scarlet
cheeks before she teleported away.
"Girls," he thought to himself. And as Tenchi picked
up his hoe yet again, Ryoko
watched from above.

=====
A Dragon's View of the Human "threat":
You are smaller than me. You are not as smart as I am.
You are slower than me. You cannot fly.
You are small, crunchy, and taste good with ketchup...