			We have had enough!
			by, Clayton Overstreet (clayton_n@hotmail.com)


	Like most fan fics, I own neither the characters or anything else
from the Tenchi Muyo series. I simply enjoy the show. But due to some way
to long running gags in the show, I felt I  should give the fans some
release. I am using this opportunity to travel into the fictional universes
and set right the things which have gone on and on. Now sit back, and enjoy.


	Tenchi woke up and smiled, expeting Ryoko to appear and hit on him
as usual. After a while he guessed she wasn't comming and got up. He opened
his eyes and was stunned by what he saw. Not only wasnt he alone, but he
wasn't even in his room. It was someone else's living room, with a couch and
t.v.
He looked around and saw alot of other people around him asleep.
He recognized them instantly as Ryoko and the others, including his father
and grandfather.
But when his eyes focused he noticed that there was three of everyone.
And some strange blue haired girls with two
of the Mihoshis.Then he also saw two more of himself, all wide awake and
staring. "Washu! Is this one of your experiments?" the Tenchis yelled
simultaniously. The three Washus woke up and started examining everyone.
Then circling eachother. "No Tenchi," the said,"I wish it were!" They all
gestured and their computers appeared infront of them. By now everyone else
was up aswell and examining their doubles and surroundings.Ryiookis were
playing all over the place.
The Mihosis began
crying,the Ryokos and Ayeakas were crawling all over any Tenchi that they
could get their hands on, and everyone else just sat down and had some tea.
Suddenly all three Washus cried out, "I've got it. We're all from different
worlds and were brought here by him!" They all pointed to the couch where a
young man was sitting. He smiled at them and nodded. Suddenly everyone
ran towards him and started yelling questions. He waved them down.
"I'll explain everything in a minute. But first of all lets get organized.
Everyone from the universe where Ryoko was stuck in a cave stand over 
there."
He motioned to the left side of the couch. "Anyone from where Washu was in
the cave, sit infront of the couch, and the rest to the right."
They did what he said... but suddenly the Mihoshi on the left looked at the
blue haired girls with the other Mihoshs and yelled out," Kyonei? What are
you doing here?" Suddenly the man shushed Mihoshi. "Do be quiet, she hasn't
found you yet in your universe.Now, I suppose an explanation is in order."
"YES!," everyone yelled. "Well," he said. "First of all I'd like to
appologize for the inconvenience, but this was neccissary. I come from a
world where your adventures are a very popular t.v. series. And we like to
write stories on how some things should go. Including lemons and other
things." Tenchi's fathers raised their hands and said," Um, you mean like
where the characters have sex and stuff?"
	The younge man nodded,"Yes, but this isn't one of those." Almost
everyone sighed, but were startled by all the Tenchis and Ryokos making
disapointed sounds. The man chuckled and continued,"No, I felt it best if
we let the other authors work with those. But trust me girls, you all had
your chance with Tenchi. Basically it works that since the universe has
unlimited possibilities anything thought up actually happens somewhere.
So I am writing this"
The Washus nodded and the young man looked pointedly at the middle group.
"You all made your own universes. This is like that. Now on to the work.
We'll start with this damn family thing." Looks at everyone. "Ok, as some of
you know, Mihoshi is Washu's granddaughter and Ryoko is her daughter."
Everyone but the Washus gasped in amazement, while the red haired scientists
blushed and nodded
acknoledgement to the relationship. "You had to give up her father and your
son,because your husband wouldn't and had to go lead the galexy police. That
is why Washu plays at being yongue and recless. Later you made Ryoko and
Ryiooki for varying reasons."
Tears streamed down the cheeks
of all the Washus, but the Mihhoshis quickly comforted them. "Now, for you
two
groups," poiting at the left and middle." Not only is Yosho the real heir
to Jurai, but he isn't old!" Everyone gasped suddenly as the two Yoshos
suddenly looked 20. the other Yosho snorted. The man waited while they 
sorted
the whole thing out. "Sorry, but I had to tell them, it was important." The
Yoshos waited for him to continue. "Next, I will tell this Tenchi," Points 
to
the left one. "that he can't give Ryoko's third her gem back, until Yosho's
tree is replanted in less soil, because the gems are what stop it from
becoming normal and aging Yosho." The first Ryoko let out a mummble, but
since she likes the old man, let it drop for now. The man smiled and
continued, " Now, we will move on. This next part may get a little exciting,
but in the end, it should quiet things down around your homes considerably.
Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka,please step behind the couch." All three of each 
did
as requested and were suddenly unable to hear what he was saying to the
others. The man looked at the those left infront. " Now, I have singled you
out of this, because none of you are realy in the running for Tenchi. Sasami
you are physically too young, despite being over seven hundred years old and
some of you being linked to Tsunami. You are more like his little sister,
despite being his aunt." The Sasamis all nodded and said, " Well what about
Ayeaka? She's his aunt too." "Yes, but I'll tell her this in a minute. You
wont kill me for it." Everyone laughed. "Now Mihoshi and Kyonei, your out
because, though you do care for Tenchi, you can't have him because you
already married eachother." Everyone looked at the girls who idly turned
their rings diamond side up and blushed. The lone Mihoshi cried softly
and was counseled by Washu."Washu, physicaly you're in the same
boat as Sasami, but in reality you have that grandmotherly attitude towards
him, despite your little jokes. Plus Ryoko will kill you if you try it." He
smiled at the Washus who grined back. The man then motioned for the Tenchis
and other girls to come back. "Now I understand that Ayeaka and Ryoko both
want Tenchi for varying reasons. Tenchi, its your choice, but I have some
clips here to help you decide. We'll start with the left group and move
right." He sits down with the first group and turns on the t.v. It starts
with a clip of the time Ryoko told Ayeaka about what it was like watching
Tenchi grow up from the cave, and wanting to play with him. On the couch
Tenchi smiled at Ryoko,"So that explains the school." Ryoko chuckled. Back 
on
the screen, Ayeaka was teasing Ryoko and calling her a monster. As the clips
continued Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeaka realized that Ayeaka was not only 
spoiled
but also using Tenchi as a substitute for Yosho. "Plus your his aunt," the
man said. With tears in her eyes
Ayeaka stood up and walked to her Yosho and started talking with him. Ryoko
and Tenchi watched her leave. Then they looked at eachother and smiled.
Holding hands they walked back to their group.
	Next the man called the three from the middle group. He started with
clips of when Tenchi saved Ryoko and when Ayeaka tried to kill them all with
her ship. Ayeaka on the couch shifted nervously at that. Then the clips 
moved
on to when they all had made their own universes. It seemed one thing they
all had in common was that Tenchi ended up with Ryoko. Infact, in the end
Tenchi was the one who almost stayed in Ryoko's universe.
As the final sceen
from that series plays out,the part where Ryoko and Tenchi hug in the cherry
blossoms, Ayeaka quietly gets up and goes to talk with her young Yosho.
With that Ryoko and Tenchi hold eachothers hand and walk after her.
The man sighed as he motioned the last group over. This one would be very
hard. In their universe Tenchi wasn't even related to Ayeaka. But he knew
what he had to do and did it. He started with how, after Ryoko had attacked
Tenchi, thinking he was with Ayeaka, Tenchi had stayed by Ryoko's bed to
nurse her back to health. Then he showed that, while Ryoko had eventualy
calmed down and trusted him with Sakuya, Ayeaka was trying to get in every
spare second. Infact, Ryoko was the only one who waited while the others
ruined the carnival. Then to tug on the heart strings a little, he showed
his and Ryoko's date, followed by her after she saw Tenchi kiss Sakuya. On
the couch Tenchi unconsiously squeesed Ryoko's hand as a tear rolled down
her cheek.  Ayeaka was glued to the screen however, and getting madder by
the second. When the part came where Ryoko dumped Ugi's henchman and
redeclred her love for Tenchi, sparks were flying. Tenchi and Ryoko started
getting scared and hugged eachother closely. When Ayeaka saw this, she
snapped. "So, you chose the monster woman over me! Well fine then, I'll
just..." Suddenly a glowing ball of energy formed in Ayeaka's hand, and as
she prepared to throw it the man looked at her and it fizzled out. "It's
your fault!" Ayeaka screamed at him. "All your fault!" And suddenly she
fainted.

	The next day, everyone had had a chance to talk things out. Since
Mihoshi and Kyonei no longer had to hide their real relationship, Kyonei
yelled less and Mihoshi cried less. The Mihoshi who's Kyonei hadn't found 
her
yet took comfort with her new grandma. The Washus had packed up and were
ready to go home and work on this unlimited realities thing. The Sasamis
swapped some recipes and each gathered up their Ryiookis. The Tenchis each
stood with a Ryoko on his arm smiling broadly. The only differences were
how the Ayeakas were handling things. The one from the left group had
gotten reengaged to Yosho. The middle Ayeaka was flirting with hers. And
the last one was getting quietly drunk. Tenchi's dads tradded some dirty
magazines. The Yosho who was still old had spent some time sparing with
the others, and had beaten them both. Finaly the man looked at them and said
his last bit of advise. "I know that this hasn't been easy for all of you,"
The Ayeaka in the third group sobbed, causing him to look at her.
" But it was what was best. You princess, will have to believe that. Now 
that
Tenchi is with Ryoko, some of you may wish to leave. That is not a good 
idea.
  The monsters you have faced are nothing. You will all have to work 
together
to fight those that come. Despite the changes in you relationships, you all
share a special bond with eachother." As he speaks the small crystals that
everyone in the third group has, glowed, and the drunken Ayeaka suddenly
seemed
ready to forgive and forget. After all, she thought, there are other cute
guys on Earth and Jurai. As the man prepared to send everyone back to their
own world the Washu from the first group took on her adult form, walked up
to him, and kissed him deeply. He stood stunned for a second and then,
kissed back. With a giggle Washu headed back to her group. She smiled at him
over her shoulder and said," You're cute. If you ever need me for one of
those lemons you mentioned, I'd be glad to."
	He smiled back and said, "Definately!" And then they were all home.

		The end

Author's note: Yes, I know these changes remove some of the comic relief of
the show, but this takes place after that so dont worry. Anyway, I just
couldn't take it any more. I mean how long could Tenchi go without choosing
from among the gorgeous girls? And Ryoko realy was the only right choice.
I am not sure if Mihoshi realy is related to Washu, but I thought it was
worth a shot. Kyonei and Mihoshi being a couple is nothing new. My personal
favorite series is the one with Ryoko in the cave, which I have yet to see
the end of. I have seen all the others though. If you think it was just an
ego boost having Washu kiss me at the end, then too bad. It's my story! Send
any comments to clayton_n@hotmail.com


