As we approach the mighty vessel USS Brian Drummond one more time, the 
MSTers are already in a review of another fanfic. Weber-san sits grimly on 
the bridge, wondering if he should have even shown them this latest one that 
he'd discovered in his quest to flame all Sasami Lemons in existence. This 
one was worse, in many ways, than Kagato's Revenge, for precisely the same 
reasons. The fic ends, and all the MSTers, who are the property of ADV, 
Funimation, Sunrise, and Pioneer, stumbled out of the theater. Vegeta and 
Zechs are holding up poor Sylpiel, who is weeping openly. Ryga crawls out of 
the room, his tail tucked between his legs.

Vegeta: We failed to make any snide remarks that could have lightened that 
one up, Weber-san. It is beyond us.
Sylphiel:(weeping): Why did she have to...have to die?
Zechs: What was the title of that one, Weber-san?
Weber-san: It's called Kanashii no Imi, and it's by Leaf-chan. I was 
hesitant to show it to you, but I was hoping there was some way someone 
could make light of it, to undo the hurt it could do. Instead, I see that 
Sylphiel is a wreck, and none of you look much better.
Ryga: We'll manage, somehow.
Vegeta: Personally, I think a story where some fanboy rapes and murders 
Sasami is crossing the line way too much. I know I've done alot of vicious 
things in my time, killed people, made fun of others' misery. But never have 
I ever taken advantage of a woman, and you can bet I never will.
Zechs: Perhaps it was the author's way of protesting Sasami Lemons.
Weber-san and Vegeta( in unison): Then the author didn't need to write 
ANOTHER one!!!!
Sylphiel(collapses to her knees): No more. Please. I can't do this anymore!
Weber-san(nods): I'd be no better than the character from that story if I 
kept you here, Sylphiel. We'll continue our work without you. I'm calling up 
Ryoko. She's probably ready to help us again, anyway.
Sylphiel vanishes, and Ryoko pops up in her place.

Weber-san: Well, I checked this one out in advance, and in light of all 
that's happened with that last peice, which you my loyal MSTers couldn't 
mock, I will give you a nice, easy target that has absolutely NO Sasami 
Lemon to it at all.
Vegeta: Thank you.
Zechs: We appreciate it.
Ryoko: I just read the fic in question. Boy, was that depressing.
Ryga: Sylphiel didn't stop crying all throughout. I think I was about to 
join her.
Weber-san: Well, hopefully you can all take this one much better. Without 
any further delay, I give you...



Shinji The 10 o'Clock Assassin, alias Purge Raizah


Zechs: Shinji was an assassin?
Vegeta: Standard policy. Nod and smile.

Terror-Dack-Chill and Mobile Otaku Band.  As well as
Temple Of Teal-Dressed Goddess, Rolento's Evil Mission,
Team Yagami, Izumi Maki Fanclub, and
Society To Prevent Cruelty To Shinji Ikari

Ryoko: Well, the boy already has a penchant for abusing himself.

tyree3@pacbell.net

This is a rewrite of this fanfic.  Thanks to Shade and Spencer Trace for 
catching my
mistakes.

Ryga: What do you mean? They didn't unwrite it yet!

WARNING: This fanfic contains SEX!

Vegeta: Weber-san....!
Weber-san: I made a promise, and I restate, NO SASAMI LEMON!

Viewer's discretion is strongly advised.  All
the characters portrayed in this fanfic are 18 years or older.

Weber-san: See!

ALL OF THEM!!!

Ryoko: They'd better be, or else!

  Oh!
And the "Lemon Commandment" of Incest has been broken!

Vegeta: D'oh!

The characters of Tenchi Muyo belong to AIC and Pioneer.

*    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *

                          10-CHI CLAN
                         "The Quickies"

Vegeta: Hey, Ryoko, sounds like your sort of thing.
Ryoko: Die, Saiya-jin scum.

*    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *

     It's morning.  The sun beats down upon the Masaki household as the 
alarm
goes off in Tenchi's room.  He opens his eyes and tries to focus them.  Then 
he
rolls over to find that he's not alone; Ryoko's right next to him, waking 
and totally
naked.

Zechs:(as Tenchi): Damn it! I knew I shouldn't have had all that saki last 
night!
Ryoko: VERRRRY FUNNY.


Ryoko:    Good morning, Tenchi.
     [SHWING!!]
Tenchi:   Oh no, Ryoko!  Not in the middle of the morning!

Vegeta: Wait, if Tenchi is protesting, then who went [SHWING!!]?
Ryoko: Not I, I assure you.

Ryoko:    Yes, Tenchi.  I want it... right... now...

Zechs: Ummm, how do we tell OUR Ryoko from that Ryoko if the author is using 
the same format for vocals?
Ryoko: Hey, if she gets Tenchi, then I don't want any distinction.

     Tenchi curses himself as he grabs Ryoko and slams his mighty Johnson 
into
her.

Vegeta: Mighty...Johnson?
Zechs: I ain't touching that one
Ryga: Let's just all back away slowly...

  Never mind that, as soon as he's in, she's already lost deep in 
hyperspace, he
thought.  He just wants to get her off and be done with it...
     [SPLURRRT!!]

Vegeta: Splurrrt?
Ryoko: No, [SPLURRRT!!]. There's a difference.
Zechs: Yeah, one is what really happened, and the other is the author 
revealing his ignorance about sex.

     Tenchi grabs some clean clothes and leaves his room.  Ryoko's on the 
bed
feeling as stoned as Mt. Everest without the snow.

Ryoko: I do NOT do drugs!
Vegeta: Sure. That's what they ALL say. Do you remember the Sixties?
Ryoko: No.
Vegeta: Then you must've been there.


-=**=-

     He goes into the nearest bathroom, but the door's locked.

Vegeta: How, might I ask?
Ryoko: Beats me. Tenchi's house is a typical Japanese home. There aren't any 
locks on the doors. See Misato Katsuragi's explanation on that in Neon 
Genesis Evangelion. This guy should know that, since he claims to be Shinji.

  Suddenly the door
gets opened from the inside.  It's Aeka, the princess of Jurai, wearing only 
her
bathrobe.

Vegeta: Oh, like SHE would ever step out of a bathroom in anything less than 
full garb?
Ryoko: Well, not without some prompting, anyway...
Zechs: Now, maybe this is just me, but I thought Ayeka used a pink towel, 
not a bathrobe.
Ryga: You forget the basic rule of lemon stories. Logic has NO place here.

Aeka:          Oh, my apologies.  The other washroom is still in repairs 
(from me
               and Ryoko fighting over you).  Your father said it was okay 
to...
     [SHWING!!]

     Too late!  Tenchi pushes her back into the bathroom and flings off her 
towel.

Vegeta: When did HE grow a pair?
Ryoko: Forget that! Why is he with THAT woman!
Ryga: Isn't this really very out of character?
Zechs: Weren't you the one just telling me about logic in lemons?

He takes her by the thighs and slurps his tongue at her soft petals.  This 
is not
exactly what Aeka wanted...

Ryoko: No woman wants a man to do that without her permission!
Vegeta: Yes. This is a bit too reminiscent of the last fic we saw.
Ryga: When did Tenchi become so knowledgeable, anyway.
Vegeta: Ryoko probably gave him some of those subliminal learning tapes.
Ryoko(draws sword): You wanna die?
Vegeta: Bring it, sister!


  Change that!  This is what Aeka wanted all morning!

Zechs: Why do I find that so hard to believe. I mean, she's not in a corset, 
she's not wielding the whip...

Tenchi stuck his mighty Johnson into the princess's most sacred love canal.

Zechs: Who is this Johnson guy?
Vegeta: Just leave it alone.

Her
majesty was already gone.  Her "Queen's English" has been reduced to Latin, 
to
Greek, and finally to just prehistoric grunts.

Vegeta: Shouldn't that be Emperess's Japanese, and not "Queen's English"?
Zechs: You can bet this guy only saw the dubbed version.
Ryoko: Oh Tenchi, how could you?!

     [SPLURRRT!!]
     Sigh...  Tenchi took his shower.  Then he puts on his day clothes, 
being
careful not to awaken her royal highness from her royal high, and leaves the
bathroom.

Vegeta: What sort of aphrodesiac has he got in him that keeps knocking out 
all these women?
Ryoko: Wouldn't YOU like to know.
Vegeta: No. Not really.

-=**=-

     Tenchi then goes downstairs, and then realizes not to make as much 
noise.
Just then, a pair of mechanical "grab-bots" appear from out of nowhere and 
try to
capture him.  With squirrel-like speed and agility Tenchi tries his best to 
defend
himself from said attacks.  But they were too powerful for him to handle.  
And he
then gets dragged into Washuu's lab producing heavy protest.

Vegeta: Oh boy. Here we go. Washu at work, people.
Weber-san: The shielding is still in place, and I don't see Mihoshi 
anywhere.


     Shackled to a table within a darkened room, Tenchi soon catches a view 
of
his kidnapper: Washuu, sporting the "Ritsuko Akagi (tm)" look.

Zechs: Well, that killed MY sex drive for about a year.
Ryoko: Now that techie Hyuga...
Vegeta: Nah. Misato all the way.
Ryoko: Hey, I'm just as much of a party girl as she is.
Vegeta: About as good a cook, too.

Washuu:   I'm here to collect your sperm samples again, Tenchi.
     [SHWING!!]

Zechs: Now, Tenchi has just had encounters with two, count 'em, two hot 
girls. If he can get it up after that, he deserves a medal or something.
Vegeta: I know. It takes me a full minute to be able to go SuperSaiya-jin 
again after a round with Bulma. And Tenchi is nowhere near as strong.

     Tenchi doesn't have a choice at this matter.  Washuu opens her nyloned 
legs
wide to give him a view he'll never forget.

Ryoko: Though not for lack of trying!

  Then she frees his mighty Johnson

All: -_- '

from its cage and proceeds to submerse it into her tight pussy.  Tenchi's 
cock
doubles in size, and Washuu uses every known trick in the Universal Kama 
Sutra

Vegeta (writing on a list): Books to buy....
Ryoko (grabs list and shreds it): Will you behave yourself!
Ryga: This isn't very scientific.

book to get him off.  His fuse goes short very quickly, and Washuu feels it 
as well.
She pulls him out, grabs the bucket nearby, and performs fellatio over it.
     [SPLURRRT!!  SPLURRT!!]

All: 0_0 '
Vegeta: TWO [SPLURRRTS!!], after everything he's done this morning. What is 
this, a lemon, or science fiction?

Washuu:   My-my, Tenchi.  That's all you can give?

Ryoko: What more do you want from him? It was two [SPLURRRTS!!!] damn it!.

Tenchi:   I couldn't help it.  Ryoko and Aeka got to me first.
Washuu:   Oh, damn my luck!

Ryoko: I ever catch you with him again, you really will damn your luck.

-=**=-

     Despite his morning troubles Tenchi manages to have some breakfast and 
be
on his way to the city.  Along the way he almost passes the Miho-Kiyo 
residence
only to realize that he's suppose to pick up something from them.  He knocks 
on
their door...

Kiyone:   Who is it?!
Tenchi:   It's me, Tenchi!

Vegeta(as Tenchi) : I brought the pizza, and you'd better be able to pay for 
it, 'cause I'm drained.

Mihoshi:  Alright!  It's Tenchi!  Come on in!

     And he does what he says, only to find out that the Miho-Kiyo duo are
currently trying out the latest in summer swimwear!

     [SHWING ONCE MORE!!]

Zechs: He's gotta be in pain by now.
Vegeta: I dunno what's worse, the author's ignorance about sex, or the fact 
that the seem to be fans of Wayne's World.

Mihoshi:  Wow!  Whatta big Johnson you got there!

Ryoko: Y'know, Johnson isn't a common name in Japan. Is that what they'd 
really call it?
Vegeta: Akira probably goes over better, I'm sure.
Zechs: Yeah, but isn't that a bit egotistical.
Ryga: I don't name it, I just own it.

Kiyone:   I guess we should do something about it.

     A coin gets tossed.  Mihoshi calls for heads.  The coin shows tails and
Kiyone ends up giving him head.  Tenchi's trapped within the world of total
pleasure as she gives his mighty Johnson a tongue massage.
     [SPLURRRT!!]
     Kiyone's whole face was covered with his sticky, white cum.

Vegeta: Oh come on now! This passed realism paragraphs ago!
Ryga: It lost realism from the opening sentence.

Kiyone:   Mmmm...  Delicious. ^_^ But I don't think we're done with you just
          yet.

     She then tells him to go over to Mihoshi, who was already getting 
herself
ready for the ultimate in manhood.

Vegeta: He's not so big.
Zechs :You stand at five feet tall. I wouldn't be talking if I were you.

In no time he starts thrusting into her like a
piston.  His actions cause the beautiful scatterbrain... to actually start 
thinking
rationally.

Zechs: You were right, Vegeta. This is sci-fi.

  Kiyone is puzzled by this, but her train of thought is cut short as Tenchi
returns the favor and gives her pussy a full tongue massage.

Ryoko : When I see Kiyone again, she's gonna die.
Vegeta :You know what that means in Shakespearean tongue, don't you?
Ryga: Please! Don't say tongue!

  After making her
explode like a firecracker Tenchi leaves her gushing pussy and slushes his 
Johnson
between her large, heaving breasts.

Ryoko: When did SHE have implants? I was the best endowed on the show!

     [SPLURRRT ANOTHER TIME!!]

Ryoko: I'm sorry, but Tenchi is no sperm bank. He can't possibly have done 
all of that.

     With the two ravishing ladies tonguing themselves after a hot 
post-morning's
orgy, Tenchi leaves their apartment with the thing he neaded: a new tube of 
Bengay
and a bottle of "Painkillahz."

Vegeta: Any normal man would be dead by now.

-=**=-

     "My language is harsh!  And coarse like the sands of time!  You will be
STRUCK!  With a tidal wave of words!"  Tenchi's at Tokyo University's 
History 5
class watching a film about the Reformation, where Martin Luther and his 
followers
take a stand against the spoiling of religion.

Vegeta: Ummm, did that have a point?
Ryoko: I doubt it.

     After class Tenchi's about to leave when he hears a certain voice...

Sakuya:   Afternoon, Ten-chan.
     [SHWING!!]
Tenchi:   AAACK!!  Hi...  Sakuya...

Zechs: So, the mere sound of a woman's voice causes him to get an erection?
Vegeta: The kid has it tough.

Sakuya:   (Comes over towards him.)  Isn't it amazing!  The past can be so 
cool
          once you take the opportu...  (Notices his painful hard-on.)  
Tenchi...
          Let's go... ^_^;

     Sakuya takes Tenchi to the nearby cheap motel where she removes her
panties from under her ravishingly short skirt.  She leans on the wall as 
Tenchi,
overdriven with lust, "Johnsonizes"

Ryga: >SNORT< Johnsonizes?

her as well.  Sakuya screams with pain as well
as estacy, since she's not used to the immence "banging" like Tenchi's alien
girlfriends were.

Ryoko: What do they mean, "used to it"? Tenchi and I haven't ever...
Vegeta: Like he could if he wanted to.

  But she loves him SO much that she allows him to do anything he
wants to her, knowing that his mighty Johnson can get both of them off.
     [SPLURRRT!!]
     Afther about an hour of this, Tenchi and Sakuya left the motel 
promising to
meet

Vegeta:(as Tenchi): No really, I swear I'll call you. Unless you miss your 
period, that is.
Ryoko: Typical male.
Weber-san:(on speakers): Hey, Vegeta, try not to give ALL of our gender a 
bad name, huh?

(and screw) again.

-=**=-

     Maybe the rest of the day will...  Aw, screw it!  Tenchi thought as a
Ryo-Ohki-style spaceship hovers over his head.  He tries to run, but he's 
immediately
captured by the ship's tractor beam.
     Tenchi's soon shackled (Again?) to a cross in the center of a dark room

Zechs: When did we hit Evangelion?
Ryoko: If it's that Rei bitch...
Vegeta: Hey! I happen to think Rei is very nice...in an eerie, silent, world 
destroying sort of way.
Weber-san: Well, I own three wall scrolls of her, so lay off!

where infamous bounty hunter Nagi conjures up a way of using him as bait for
Ryoko.

Ryoko: For the last time, Nagi, I'm not interested! I don't find other women 
attractive! And Tenchi is MINE, dammit!

  For some reason she has the heat up too high.  So she decides to remove
her black cloak.  She ends up revealing to poor Tenchi her ravashingly 
slender
body wearing a see-through fabric nightgown.
     [SHWING!!]
     Nagi smirks at the large bulge in his pants, deciding to have a little 
fun.  She
strikes down upon her prey like an eagle and shoves his painfully mighty 
Johnson
into her.  She manages to get it all in despite the immence pain caused from 
such
manhood as his.

Vegeta: If he were that big, we'd have noticed in the 4th OAV.

But it looks like it's Tenchi's turn to be lost in hyperspace.
     [SPLURRRT...!!]
     Nagi has succeeded in making him explode into her.

Ryoko: Now, that's not the Nagi I know.

  She allows herself to
have an orgasm in front of him, to hear her cum as she drenches his mighty
Johnson, mixing her liquid with his...

Mitsuki:  FREEZE!!  You are under arrest!  Come out with your hands out,
          NOW!!

Ryoko: What is this? Every little side character is jumping in? What next, 
Sakuya's three friends from the series?
Vegeta: Don't give this author ideas!

     It's Mitsuki in her Galaxy Police ship.  It seems that Nagi has spent 
too much
time in the "No Spaceship Docking Zone."

Vegeta: I hate when I do that.

Nagi:          Damn...!

-=**=-

Mitsuki:  Are you alright?
Tenchi:   I'm not sure.  I've been having sex with women all day.

Zechs: Um, is this something he should be saying out loud?
Ryoko: Probably not.

Mitsuki:  Tell ya what: Take a little rest.  Lay on my bed for a while.  
Okay?
Tenchi:   Why, thanks Mitsuki.  (She's not really as mean as Kiyone said she 
is.)

     While Tenchi slept Mitsuki takes the opportunity to try out those neat 
street
clothing she's got from Mihoshi.  Apparently she's making a bit too much 
noise.
Tenchi wakes up to see what the commotion's all about, just to be greeted by 
a very
sexy-looking Mitsuki, exposing her light-blue underwear whilst she was 
putting on
her leggings.
     [SHWING*2!!!]

Zechs: SHWING times 2? Oh boy, here we go again.

Mitsuki:  Oh no.  Guess I was too much stimulation for you there, huh?
Tenchi:   Mitsuki...  Help me...
Mitsuki:  Alright, alright.  Here you go, kid.

Vegeta: Isn't she supposed to be on duty now?
Ryoko: Hey! You're right! I'm reporting that skank!

     Tenchi viciously stabs his might Johnson into the depths of her sex 
canal.
But after a while he notices that the expression on her face didn't change.

Tenchi:   Uh...  Mitsuki.  You're... not...
Mitsuki:  Oh, me?  I do this all the time.  This is how I rise through the 
police
          ranks.  And besides, I earn some pocket change that way.  So, 
screw to
          your heart's content.

Ryoko: Got it all on tape, you little hussy! Touch my man, will you?

     "Screw" was the word that immediately set him off.  His manhood
continuously plunges into her like a raging demon.  Her power universal is 
so good;
it's bringing him to the brink of eruption.  Mitsuki, after years of her 
pussy being
plunged into, finds herself moaning louder...
     [SPLURRRRTT!!!]

Mitsuki:  (How can this be?  I've had dicks as big as these before...  But
          obviously this guy knows how to fuck a lady.

Vegeta: Well, he's had soooo much practice today.

  I should do more
          Jurai-blooded Earthlings from now on!)
Tenchi:   Mitsuki... I have to go...
Mitsuki:  Go?  And why's that?
Tenchi:   My friends are worried about me at home.
Mitsuki:  Oh.  I'm sorry...  I just need you to help fill out this Incident 
Report,
          please.
Tenchi:   *_*; It doesn't change, does it?

-=**=-

     Tenchi finally makes it back to the Masaki household, but Mayuka runs 
him
over trying to greet him at the door.

Vegeta: They wouldn't!
Ryoko: They'd better not!
Ryga: Oh GOD! I'm gonna be sick!
Zechs:(banging head on wall): No! No! NO!

Mayuka:   Daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy!!  I'm so glad that daddy's back!!
Tenchi:   Ouch...  Mayuka.  You weigh a ton!
Mayuka:   Did you bring me anything, daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy?!
Tenchi:   [That Mayuka is so cute...  AAAARGH!!  I'M NO PEDOPHILE!!]

Zechs: Wait, didn't the author say everyone in this fic is 18!
Vegeta:(checks) : Yep.
Zechs: So he wouldn't be a pedophile.
Ryoko: No. He'd just be guilty of incest, and have to die a horrible death.
Zechs: Well, no question there. I've got Epyon ready.

          Uh...  No, I didn't.  Sorry.
Mayuka:   Awww...  Well, that's okay!  Daddy can give me something else!
          Right, daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy?!! ^0^
     [SHWING!!  AAAAAHH!! NOT WITH HER!!]

Vegeta: That's right NOT with her. Ever.

Mayuka:   Oh, what a big thing you got between your legs,
          daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy!! [Massages her hand over the bulge in
          his pants.]
Tenchi:   [The better to fuck your...] AAAARGH!!  No, Mayuka!  I can't...  
Aw,
          fuck it!

     Tenchi's animalistic urges take over once again.  He frees his mighty 
Johnson
and pounds the living daylights out of his own blood relative.

Zechs: You mean, his daughter?
Ryoko: Oh, he is SO dead when I see him again.

  Mayuka howls
outworldishly as she feels herself get banged and filled and violated 
repeatedly for
minutes on end...
     [SPLURRRTT!!]
     An uncontrollable shockwave hits Tenchi as he empties his seed into 
her.
And he keeps on filling her; he's unable to stop his torrent of semen 
squirting from
out of his manhood.  It ends up spilling from out of the lucious daughter's 
pussy
and onto the floor.

Zechs:( now very green): Bucket, please.
Vegeta: It's in use, thanks. Urp.


Mayuka:   Oooooohhh...  That was the greatest, daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy!!
          Let's do this again and again and again and again, forever and 
ever and
          ever, daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy!!

Tenchi:   I'm going to hell for this...  I just know I'm going to hell for 
this...

Ryoko(brandishing sword): And I'm gonna send you there!


-=**=-

     After a good dinner, Tenchi decides to hit the bed early.  He knew it's 
going
to be one of those days again tomorrow: The fighting, the explosions, the 
swift
mood changes, the havoc, the drama, and ultimately the fucking.  This is 
terrible.
He wished he'd never freed the demon, Ryoko, from her prison.
     Just then, a soft light appears in the middle of the room.  Tenchi gets 
up to
see what it is, thinking it's probably Ryoko or Washuu trying to get another 
fuck
from him.  But then, it turns out to be the High Goddess of Jurai Tsunami; 
wearing
the Juraian ceremonial robe, a weak smile on her face, and nothing else.

Tsunami:  Well, Lord Tenchi.  It seems that it was a busy day for you.
Tenchi:   Well... heh.  The only complaint is that it's taking it's toll on 
me.  I
          can't keep doing this forever, you know.

Vegeta: About time someone realized it.

Tsunami:  But you have drunk the water from the tree of life, Tenchi Masaki.
          You will be able to last for centuries.  There is no need for you 
to
          worry about that.
Tenchi:   You've got to excuse me, Miss Tsunami.  All I want right now is 
sleep,
          pure unadulterated sleep.

Zechs: He's the last person in the world who should be using the word 
"unadulterated."

Tsunami:  Then let me send you to dreamland, Lord Tenchi.

     And with that, the High Goddess of Jurai flings off her robe to 
reveal...  A
Juraian summer string bikini swimsuit!
     [SSSSHHHWWWWIIIINNNNNGGGGGG!!!!!!]

Tenchi:   ..........  Let's eat...

Vegeta: Ok, so Sasami wasn't here, but when she and Tsunami bond, won't she 
remember this as well?
Zechs: Please, don't ask questions writers might feel obligated to answer.

     Tenchi takes the high priestess by the waist and kisses her in the 
mouth.  He
moves her bikini aside and starts slamming her with his mighty*2 Johnson.  
It ends
up being more than she can handle, but is too lost into the fusion of pain 
and
pleasure to tell him to stop.

Ryoko: Ayeka is the one into S&M, not Tsunami.

  Tenchi's animalistic behavior pounds away at
Tsunami's soft turquoise-haired palace as she releases a "tsunami" of 
primordial
juices onto his shaft, balls, and legs.

Vegeta: The author had to go there, didn't he.
Ryoko: No, actually, he didn't.

  He feels it coming, and he removes himself
from her gates as he rolls her over and prepares to unleash his furry all 
over her
supreme goddess busoms.
     [SSSSPPLLLUUURRRRTTTT!!!!!!]
     Tenchi's mighty*2 Johnson fires blast after blast of jizz all over 
Tsunami's
face, hair, and breasts.  She grabs his Johnson and slurps the rest of his 
stickiness
from his member.

-=**=-

     He's now in his dreamscape.  He's laying back on a tree at the school 
park,
waiting for his mother.  And here she comes, wearing that lovely Japanese 
school
outfit and her hair in a long ponytail.  It's Achika.

Zechs: Oh NO!
Vegeta: Well, we already crossed into the realm of absolute sickness with 
Mayuka. Why should the author feel compelled to stop now?
Ryoko: I'll find a way to compell him!

Tenchi:   Oh mom!  I'm so glad I can see you again!
Achika:   (Gives him a hug.)  Tenchi, my son.  I'm so proud of you.  You're
          growing up to be a healthy boy.
Tenchi:   Mom.  My life is so messed up now.  I'm having sex with all these
          alien girls.  And I can't seem to stop myself.
Achika:   And they can't seem to stop you either?
Tenchi:   They don't wanna stop me!  I mean...  What if I were to suddenly 
end
          up banging Sasami?

Ryoko: Then I would kill you, one atom at a time, in the most excruciating 
way I could think of, and I'd let Ayeka help me.
Vegeta: And I would stomp on the ashes.
Ryga: I'd pee on them.
Zechs: And then we'd clone you and kill you all over again.

Achika:   I believe it's been taken care of.  The author of this fanfic may 
be a
          pervert, but he's not that sick.

Vegeta: Thank God for small favors!

Tenchi:   But I just did Mayuka!
Achika:   I believe he was using the Mayuka from our second Tenchi Muyo
          movie.

Ryoko: I don't know of any OTHER Mayuka's.

Tenchi:   This is nuts!  I'm turning into a sadistic pervert just like my 
dad!
Achika:   Tenchi dear...  Your dad's not a sadistic pervert.

All: 0_0.

     Tenchi's dad, young Nobuyuki, is in his room, butt-nekkid and totally
evaporated from having way too much sex with Achika.

Achika:   I AM!! [Flings up her skirt to give her future son a good long 
look.]
     [SSSSHHHWWWWIIIINNNNNGGGGGG!!!!!!]
Tenchi:   MOOOOOM!!!  I....!!  Can't....  Oh, forget it!


All: POWER PUKE!

     Tenchi grabs his future mother and leans her back to the tree.  He then 
frees
his mighty*3 Johnson and slides it into her pussy, which is wet like the 
Pacific
Ocean and flowing with girlcum like the Nile River.  He bangs his own mother
continuously and mercilessly, all sence and logic past the point of no 
return.
Achika's currently holding on for dear life, screaming out her son's name as 
he gets
ready to ignite once again.
     [SSSSPPLLLUUURRRRTTTT!!!!!!]


Vegeta: Must...urp...hang on...will to live...diminishing.
Ryoko: I'll kill him. Sasami or not, he's gone too far.

-=**=-

     Tenchi's eyes snap open, bringing him back into the real world.  That 
was
the world wet dream he had since the alien girls bunked here.  But somehow 
he still
feels that great warmth and wetness along his Johnson.  Someone's in bed 
with
him.

Tenchi:   (I wonder who it is this time.  If it's Ryo-Ohki, I'm committing
          suicide.)

All: PLEASE!

     He flings off the covers, and a beautiful girl had his mighty cock all 
into her
mouth and down her throat.  It can be said that it was the best "deep 
throat"
performed by anyone within this series.  Only...  This girl is...

Miaka:    VANILLA ICE CREAM!!

Zechs: HUH?!
Vegeta: Lost me, there.

Tenchi:   [Grimacing] Dammit, Miaka!  Why the hell do you gotta come all the
          way from "Mysterious Play" to suck _my_ dick?!!
Miaka:    [With his dick still in her mouth.]

Ryoko: You shouldn't talk with your mouth full.

Because it's the biggest.  Bigger
          than Tamahome, Hotohori, Nuriko, Mitsukake, Tasuki, and Chichiri
          combined.
Tenchi:   That's it!  I'm turning gay!  Maybe Nuriko's still available...

All: Facefault.

                   THE (very disturbing) END

Zechs: You ain't just whistling "Dixie".
*    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *

                          Next Fanfic?
     Mikado Ichiban VS Asuka 120% & Advanced Variable Geo:
                 Phrank's Day (Of Getting) Off
                            someday...

Vegeta: That was almost as bad as a Tank Cop fic!
Ryoko: What do you mean, "almost"?
Ryga: Well, Tank Cop WOULD have thrown in Sasami.
Zechs: Can we get out of here?
Weber-san(green himself): Go...urp...go ahead. That Mayuka thing has 
unhinged my guts for the next few days.

On an added note, I did intend to do an MST of Leaf-chan's Kanashii no Imi, 
but like we said in the begining...It was just too dark. That story did 
something that nothing in this universe has done in my whole life, it 
disturbed me. So the MST never materialized, my cynical wit shredded for 
once. But I couldn't just let it off the hook, so I had to make a few 
comments about it in the opening here.
And for the record, anyone who'd do that to a little kid needs to follow 
Dennis Miller's advice and take themselves out instead. Thank you.

Until we MST again...
