As the USS Brian Drummond streaks through space, Weber-san prepares to 
gather his MST group once again. This time, he has the benefit of knowing 
that all four have been here before. None of them are owned by him, and are 
the property of ADV, Funimation, and Sunrise. They are used without 
permission. Please don't sue. I'm not making a profit, and this is done for 
the love of the characters.

Weber-san smiled to himself, "You got me that last time with that 
Instantaneous Movement, Prince. But I'm ready for you this time."
Roll Call:
Ryga of the Wind: The conscientious objector
Zechs Merquise: The moral center
Prince Vegeta: The hostility
Sylphiel: The innoncent victim of unemployment

Weber-san: I've enclosed the ship in a static reality bubble, curtesy of 
Washuu-chan. Instantaneous Movement won't get you out of here this time, 
Prince Vegeta. And I took measures to ensure that you couldn't bring along 
any...uninvited guests like last time.
Vegeta: I'm starting not to like you.
Ryga: Took you long enough.
Zechs: Does this mean...gulp...more Sasami Lemon viewings.
Sylphiel: That's horrible, what those people do to that poor girl.
Weber-san: Nope. Tonight, we have a special piece that I picked for Prince 
Vegeta, since he was sooooo uncooperative last time.
Vegeta: Wasn't a second Peter Suzuki fic bad enough?
Weber-san: No. So, with no further delays, We give you....

****No Need for a Super Saiyan

Vegeta: Oh, I have a headache all of a sudden.
Sylphiel: I make a wonderful tea for that.
Ryga:(grinning): Oh, tea won't help him now.

        In the middle of nowhere, Tenchi finds him self
training with Yosho.  Yosho had just defeated him for
the 25th time.

Zechs: What, that day, or all told?
Vegeta: Had to be that day. Tenchi hasn't got the stones to beat Yosho.

  Tenchi was on his back.  "Ow, that
hurts!"

Vegeta: Wimp!
Zechs: Shall we bring up that beating Frieza gave you?

  "Get up Tenchi.  Are you resting?"
"Grandfather, I can barely stand!"  "Excuses, excuses.
When will you learn that in a real battle, they don't
let you lie on your back and rest?

Vegeta: Truer words were never spoken, Yosho.
Ryga: I though you let Goku lay on his back, and that's why he was 
able...to...form...
(Ryga stops as Vegeta glares at him).

Get your ass off
the ground."  Yosho helped Tenchi get up and took a
swig of his canteen.  Tenchi and Yosho fought again.
Tenchi accidentally slammed his boken onto a huge rock
because Yosho had dodged it.  Suddenly, the rock
exploded!

Zechs: Pop rocks in all sizes, ,kids.
Sylphiel: I hope he's not hurt.
Vegeta: We should be so lucky.

  "Wow, Tenchi, I didn't know you were that
strong!"

Vegeta: I have a deoderant for that.
Sylphiel: Why aren't you using it?

  "Wow, I'm glad I didn't hit you grandpa."
Suddenly, a hand stuck out of the rocks.  Tenchi
jumped back.  A boy with black hair got up out of the
rocks.  He wasn't even bleeding.

Vegeta: Oh, great. Kakarrotto's brat is here. Swell.

  He looked fine.  A
man with yellow hair came out of the air and landed.
The man started to talk.  "Trunks, how many times do I
have to tell you, train with someone that is as good
as you.  I'm to strong for you."

The others cast disparaging looks at Vegeta.
Vegeta: TRUNKS' HAIR IS WHITE!
Zechs: Still, did you have to put him through a boulder?
Vegeta: It's called tough love.

  The man noticed
Tenchi and Yosho.  He asked them, "Who are you?"

Zechs(as Yosho): Who...us?
Ryga(as Tenchi): We were just leaving.

"My name is Tenchi and this is my grandfather Yosho."
"Whatever.  Why don't you fight this Tenchi guy,
Trunks.  I'm gonna go train with Kakarot."

Vegeta: People who have only seen the censored version shouldn't write 
fan-fics. And even in the censored version, it was "Kakarrot", not 
"Kakarot." And it's supposed to be Kakarrotto!
Sylphiel: My! I didn't know people could turn that red.
Zechs: It's a tender subject for him.
Vegeta: Well, not all of us can have our shows played in the "Uncut" Format, 
you twerp!
Ryga: I'm with Vegeta on this one. Who the hell thought I should be named 
"Tiger" when I'm clearly a WOLF!

  He flew
off.  Trunks sat up.  "This sucks."  Tenchi helped him
up to his feet, "Who is that mean guy?"

Zechs(as Trunks doing Sneezer): He's my hero. Yep. My hero.

"He's my dad.  Whenever he becomes a Super Saiyan, he
gets an attitude and is a bitch."

Vegeta(Goes SuperSaiya-jin): WATCH YOUR MOUTH, BRAT!! And it's Saiya-jin! 
Saiya-jin! Not damn Saiyan!

"What is a Super Saiyan?"

Sylphiel: A Saiyan on a planet with a yellow sun?
Zechs: Well, Goku was sent to earth as a baby...
Vegeta: Get real. Kakarrotto could kick that weenie's butt any day.

"A Super Saiyan is stage when a Saiyan becomes
stronger and his or her hair turns yellow.

Vegeta: GOLD! IT TURNS BLOODY GOLD YA BASTARD!
Sylphiel: Now Vegeta, just because your son was born out of wedlock, that's 
no way to talk to him!

I'd like
to become a Super Saiyan."
"Wow, that's cool."
Yosho stepped up, "Your planet Vegita was destroyed
wasn't it?"

Zechs: It was HIS Planet Vegeta?
Vegeta: As if. He wasn't even born then. He's more human than Saiya-jin. 
Raised on Earth, pampered by his mother...
Sylphiel: You're all heart, Vegeta.
Ryga: Now if only modern science could find it.

"Yes, it was sir.  How did you know?"
"Tenchi and I are from space also.  We are from the
planet Jurai.  Tenchi is part Saiyan."

Vegeta:0_0
Zechs: If Tenchi is part Saiya-jin, then I'm Magical Girl Pretty Sammy!
Ryga: If Tenchi is part Saiya-jin, I'm a damn cabbit.

"WHAT!!?!?!?!?!?!"  Tenchi and Trunks both looked at
Yosho.  "Tenchi, Noboyuki was part Saiyan.


Vegeta: THAT'S IT!!!! This author is TOAST! Wait until I find him. He won't 
know what hit him! Nobiyuki is as much a Saiya-jin as I am a cat girl!

  His
grandfather was a full blood Saiyan.  He told me
before he died."  Noboyuki died in a car accident.

Zechs: When?
Vegeta: Oh, it was no accident. (grins evilly).

Tenchi was puzzled because he couldn't even fly.
Trunks looked at Tenchi, "This is so cool, can I train
you Tenchi?"  "Actually, my grandfather is training
me.  He may not look strong, but he most certainly
is."

Vegeta: Deoderant is right here.
Zechs: That's not even an original joke.
Ryga: Like anything we do is original?

"I just want to see one thing Tenchi.  Power up."
"Say again, Trunks."
"Power up."
"Power up, how?"
"Just…uh…I don't know, power up."

Vegeta: My son doesn't sound like an idiot, either. He would have an 
explanation for a power-up! He knows about ki. I taught him.

"Uh, ok, I'll try."
Tenchi stood there not knowing what to do.  Yosho
looked at him, "Tenchi, remember how you activate the
sword."

Zechs(as Tenchi): Well, I think about Ryoko and Ayeka...

  "Ok, grandpa."  Tenchi started to glow.
Suddenly, his hair stood up and turned yellow colored.
Tenchi was already becoming a Super Saiyan.

Vegeta: Not until he grows a pair, he doesn't!

  He
started to glow.

Sylphiel: That's twice in one paragraph! Amazing!

Trunks looked up, "Wow, that's the
calmest transformation into super saiyan I have ever
seen."  Trunks powered up, but couldn't change into
Super Saiyan.  Just then, Vegita came over and was
shocked at what he saw,

Vegeta: No! You think!?
Zechs: No more coffee for you.
Vegeta: And don't think I'm not pissed about the spelling error on MY name, 
either!

"What's this.  That Tenchi
guy, he's a super saiyan!"  Vegita flew down to Tenchi
and changed back into a regular saiyan.  Vegita paused
and looked at Tenchi.  Suddenly, Vegita went over to
Trunks, slapped him over the head, and said, "That guy
over there turned into a Super Saiyan before you did!
You are pitiful!

Sylphiel: How could you be so cruel?
Vegeta:(shrugs) : I practice.

  Do you know what I did just a second
ago?  I killed Kakarot."

Zechs(as Vegeta): Now if only I could get Kakarrotto....
Vegeta: How do you do my voice so well?
Zechs: It's a talent.

Tenchi turned around, "Leave
him alone."  Ignoring Tenchi, Vegita went on, "Trunks,
you are weak!  You are a disgrace!"

Zechs: And to top it all off, we have pictures of you wetting the bed!
Vegeta: HEY! Do you mind! The kid's very sensitive about that! It isn't his 
fault he grew faster than his bladder!

"I said leave him alone."
"You stay out of this, Tenchi!"
Vegita changed into a Super Saiyan and punched Trunks.
Trunks fell out cold.  Vegita laughed and said, "What
are you gonna do about it?"  He turned around and
Tenchi wasn't there.  Tenchi appeared behind him and
punched him.  Vegita fell down.

Vegeta: Laughing.

Tenchi extended his
arm down quickly and his beam sword appeared in his
hand.

Vegeta: Hey, Zechs? Aren't beam swords what Gundams use?
Zechs: Yep. And I sincerely doubt that Tenchi could lift one.
Sylphiel: It's like Gourry-sama's light sword.
Zechs: Oh boy. Here we go again. Gourry this and Gourry that. Who is this 
guy?
Ryga: Some perv who dumped her for a sixteen year-old sorceress.
Zechs: Oh. Poor girl.

  Vegita got up and ran at Tenchi.  Tenchi
quickly disappeared and reappeared above Vegita.  For
some reason Vegita could not sense Tenchi.

Vegeta: What, is he an android too?

  Tenchi
activated his beam sword and he flew at Vegita with
his sword up.  Vegita backed up just as Tenchi got to
him.  Vegita laughed.

Vegeta: Like I've been doing the whole time, dammit!

Suddenly, he noticed a whole
bunch of cuts on his arms his face and all over his
body.

Zechs: You should watch out for those sharp edged trees there, Vegeta.

  Tenchi deactivated his sword as Vegita passed
out.  Tenchi's hair grew short and black again.  He
walked over to Trunks and gave him some water from his
canteen.  Trunks woke up.  He was mad at Tenchi for
beating up his dad.

Vegeta: How many times I gotta beat it into the kid, I fight my OWN battles?
Sylphiel: I'm calling social services on you, you monster.

  Trunks challenged Tenchi.  Tenchi
did his weakest blast, but it killed both Trunks and
Vegita.

Vegeta: We died laughing?

Tenchi and Yosho swore not to tell anybody
that he killed Trunks and Vegita.

Zechs: You boys need to lay off that saki. It's no good for you.

        Tenchi and Yosho were walking home when all of a
sudden, Ayeka runs up to him.  "Hey, Ayeka, what's
up?"  "Oh nothing Lord Tenchi.  I just want you to
carry me."

Sylphiel: Oh, is she his lover?
Zechs: She wishes.

Tenchi carried Ayeka on his back.  They
walked about a mile to get back home.  At home,
everyone wanted Tenchi like usual.  Secretly, Ayeka
had seen all of what happened in the mountains while
Tenchi was training.  She knew that Tenchi was strong
so she wanted Tenchi even more.  Tenchi went to sleep.
Ayeka went into his room and walked over to him.  She
leaned over and kissed him on the lips.  Tenchi woke
up.  Ayeka jumped back, "I am very sorry Lord Tenchi,
I will leave now."  "No, Ayeka.  Come here."  Ayeka
walked to Tenchi.  Tenchi grabbed her and kissed her.
They kissed for a long time.


Zechs: The author must've been hitting the ol' saki real hard, too.

  Just then, Ryoko came
in.  She saw them kiss.  She immediately killed
herself.

Vegeta: I may not like the cyan-haired wench, but even I'll admit that she 
deserves more respect than that in a fan fic!
Zechs: The Ryoko I know would've either interrupted or joined in. Remember 
OAV # 7, She gave Ayeka full permission to go first.
Sylphiel: I wonder if Linna and I could work out a deal like that?
Ryga: Way to go, guys.

Washu swept her body parts away while Ayeka
and Tenchi were still kissing.  Washu dumped out
Ryoko's parts into Ryohoki's dish

Ryga: Last I checked, the critter was a vegetarian.
Zechs: Is that who it is? I didn't know there was anyone named Ryohoki in 
this series. There's a Ryo-ohki, sure, but Ryohoki?
Sylphiel: This whole fic seems hokey to me.

and the cute little
cabbit ate them.  Sasami washed out Ryohoki's mouth,
which was stained with blood.  Everyone was happy that
Ryoko was dead, even Tenchi.  Kiyone took Ryohoki's
droppings to headquarters.  It was scanned as Ryoko.
Kiyone and Mihoshi were promoted, but decided to stay
on Earth.  During all of this Tenchi and Ayeka were
still kissing.  After about a week they stopped
kissing.

Vegeta: I knew it! Ayeka put superglue on her lips!


  Sasami made them good food and everyone
lived happily ever after (except for Ryoko, that is).
The End

Vegeta: Oh, that stung!
Zechs: Weber-san can be cruel.

Author's notes: I was really bored when I wrote this
so don't get mad.

Vegeta: Mad. Mad, you say. I never get mad. I get EVEN!

  If you do get mad, e-mail me at
royalteardrop@yahoo.com.  If you liked it also e-mail
me.  If you have any comments about it e-mail me.  If
you just want to talk to me e-mail me.  Well,
seeya****

Vegeta: Oh, you will indeed, my friend. You will indeed.

Well, that's my story.  I hope you like it.  I think
it goes in Crossovers.  Thanks

People call me,
Masaki

Zechs: Roughly translated, it means, fanfic author foolish enough to toy 
with Vegeta.
Sylphiel: The poor, tragic soul.
