In the vast darkness of space, the USS Brian Drummond glides like a shark 
seeking its next meal.
Inside the ship, MST agent Bryan Weber enters a special chamber with a 
circular platform. He kneels upon this platform, and a massive hologram 
appears before him.
"King Neo, what is my bidding, my loyal fan?"
King Neo speaks, "There is a great disturbance in the Archives. A lemon 
called "No Need For Virgins.""
"I too, have become aware of it. What do you wish of me?"
"Flame it, Captain. Flame it to hell and back!"

Fanfics: The dark frontier. These are the voyages of the MST ship Brian 
Drummond. It's eternal mission, to flame the lemons, to mock the darkfics, 
to fail to take ourselves too seriously, and to continually appease the 
fans.

Roll Call:
Bryan Weber: "Suit up. We have a job to do."
Zechs Merquise: "Can't I just sleep in one lousy day..."
Vegeta: "More lemon crap?"
Ryoko: "I'm not happy with this."

and the ship's pilot, Rei Ayanami : "Will you keep it down, guys? I'm trying 
to sleep, here."

Bryan: So, here we are again, ready to MST yet another lemon.
Vegeta: Tell me it's not another one of those pedophile obsessed  Sasami 
rape things.
Ryoko: Every time I look at the poor kid, I wanna cry.
Zechs: At least the vomit bags are in plentiful supply.
Bryan: It's starting, guys.

This is a Tenchi Muyo Hentai/Lemon Fanfic of the wildest
type!

Vegeta:(sarcastically): Oh greeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaat. I was afraid it might be 
something tolerable like Aikan Muyo.
Zechs: I'm worried. That's usually how they describe Sasami lemons.
Ryoko: Oh no, not again.

This is DEFENTLY not for children!

Bryan: You heard the author. No kids! All Sasamis, Misas, Taros, Washuus, 
and others under the age of 18, please leave the fic now.
Ryoko: That's a new approach.

Wait a sec..... If u were a child any way.
YOU PROBABLY WOULDNT UNDERSTAND
THIS AT ALL

Zechs: I'm 19, and I still don't understand why you people write this crap.
Bryan: You're 19? Jeez! I thought you were in your mid twenties, man.

SO WHY IS THERE A
"WARNING" IN THE FIRST PLACE???

Bryan: Because responsible people take responsibility for writing tripe.
Ryoko: Shall we bring up some of your works?
Zechs: At least he hasn't written any sick lemons.

------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------
Part 1 of the "No Need For Virgins" Lemon fan/fic series.
                         *Virgins No More*
                        By: AncientYUME
               Featuring Tenchi and Sasami!

Bryan: Oh, man! I was hoping to get out of here without vomiting this time!
Zechs: Urp.
Ryoko: Vegeta, kill me.
Vegeta: And suffer alone? I think not.

   The sun rose once morning upon the Masaki Home. The sharp
beams of light glared through the windows of the eastern
side of the household. Tenchi was awoken by the light

Vegeta: And thus realized that having sex with 8 year olds is inherently 
wrong?
Bryan: Were it only that simple...

as a
little beamed through his curtains. He refused to open his
eyes and come to accept he had awoken from his dream.

Ryoko: This saddened him, for it was a dream where he got a beautiful, 
mature, DEVELOPED woman!
Vegeta: Can I put that to the test one day?
Ryoko: Saiya-jin scumbag.
Vegeta: Flattery will get you nowhere.

This
dream had been like no other, he imagined Ryoko and Ayeka
fighting, yes that seems normal but.... He also made love to
them later in the same dream. A threesome,

Ryoko: BAD TENCHI! Dreaming me into sick threesomes with Ayeka! Now me and 
me and you...
Vegeta: Sure, rub it in that you can duplicate and she can't.
Ryoko: When ya got it, flaunt it, ne?

and what a burst
of pleasure he had. He had never felt such pleasure before.

Bryan: Get that boy some clean linens, please.

He never could have imagined actually having sex with them,
both at the same time!!

Zechs: Then how did he dream it?

He did though; he imagined it all
night,

Vegeta: But you just said he couldn't have!

and it left him wet.

All: EEEEEEWWWWWW!!!!

For it was his first wet dream.

Bryan: Hands up all those who feel that was way too much info.
All: (hands raised): You said it.

  He opened his eyes. The sun blinded him, for his eyes
failed to adjust in time!

Vegeta: Thus handicapped, Tenchi never got as far as having sex with anyone, 
and the fic ended.
Zechs: Not a chance in hell, y'know.

*Wow, what a dream. I never thought i would ever even think
such a deed* Tenchi thought to himself.

Bryan: Am I the only one who thinks that sentence is dripping in redundancy.
Vegeta(as Mojo Jojo): But it is, for it says the same thing over and over 
again, while repeating itself, it becomes redundant, for it says once again 
that which it has already said, and..
Ryoko: (brandishing sword): WE GET THE POINT!

He rubbed his head and pulled off the covers. His pants
warm and wet.

Bryan: Bad monkey! Bad!

*Damn, i got to shower now*
So he stood up and grabbed a few clothes and headed off the
shower, still trying to grasp the quickly fading dream of
the joy of sex!

Zechs: Unlike him, I don't have to dream. And I wish you'd stop calling me 
here when I was with Noin!
Bryan: Sor-ry! Sheesh. It isn't like I don't return you at the exact moment 
when you left, you know.
Zechs: Like I'm in any sort of mood after this crap!

Sasami was hard at work making a light breakfast!

Zechs: It would be rude to interrupt her. Let's leave her here.

She was
humming as she went along; steering batter,

Bryan: But does the batter steer well, or is it sluggish at the wheel?

rolling dow,

Vegeta: Dow? I rolled all my funds into a Roth IRA, myself.

and
chopping fruit. Tenchi came down the stairway and smelt the
aroma of Sasami's typical handy work.

Bryan: Can you smeeeeeeelllllllllllllllllll what the Rock is cookin'?
Ryoko: Pancakes, Rock! Pancakes!
Vegeta: No more WWF for you two.

He was shower robe

Zechs: Who made a robe of Tenchi.
Ryoko: Well, I'd like to, anyway...

and
he was drying his hair with a towel.

"Oh Tenchi good morning!" Sasami shouted with glee as she
saw Tenchi heading into the kitchen.

Bryan: Run, Sasami-chan! Run!
Zechs: Great. And none of the others have shown up, I'll bet.
Ryoko: We never seem to in these things, do we?

"Oh, good morning Sasami. I didn't see you there. "

Vegeta: A likely story!

He
replied (STILL thinking about he dream and how hard it made
him now.)

Bryan: Tenchi, buddy, you were supposed to use the COLD water, man.
Zechs: And hopefully, you'd thrown yourself into Nyannichiuan before this 
fic.
Vegeta: Like that would deter any of these bastards.
Ryoko: Urp. Next thing you know, someone will write a Ran-chan/Sasami lemon.
Bryan: That's just sick. Besides, I don't think Ranma would stand for it.

  Sasami hopped off her little stool and approached Tenchi
as he went to the table. She had her hands behind her back.
Her face was bright and tender, and she had wonderful little
smile across it.

Bryan: That's Sasami, all right. Sweet, innocent, and UNDERAGE YOU PERVERT!
Ryoko: When this is over, me and some of the other anime girls want to beat 
the tar out of this writer.

Tenchi sat down on the pillow and crossed
his legs.

Zechs: And you just keep them crossed, buddy.

"Hmm i can't wait to see what you made Little Sasami!"
Tenchi laughed as he saw her coming toward him.

"Here u go Tenchi!" She said softly as she revealed the
plate behind her back.

Ryoko: It's just like the plate in Vegeta's head.
Vegeta: I hate you.
Ryoko: ^_^, I know.

"Wow Sasami! It looks wonderful, Pancakes, muffins, and
chopped fruit!" He exclaimed.

Bryan: I dunno about you, but pancakes don't qualify as a light breakfast in 
my book.
Ryoko: This isn't a normal breakfast. Where's the rice?
Vegeta: If Kakarrotto were here, he'd think it was a light breakfast.
Bryan: If Goku were here, he'd faint.

  She gently put the plate down in front of him and he dug
in. She sat down next to him and placed a plate before
herself. She grabbed some chopsticks

Ryoko: Would be damn hard to cut the pancakes with those, I think.
Vegeta: To say nothing of eating muffins.
Bryan: This writer must be studying the abridged book of Japanese customs.

and began to eat-up the
wonderful meal. About this time, it finally accrued to
Tenchi,

Vegeta: Oh? His stocks matured too?
Bryan: I knew introducing you to Nabiki Tendo was a mistake.

Where is everyone else!

Ryoko: Yeah! There's food on the table, so I should be there!

"Hey Sasami, where is everybody?" He asked her as she just
stuffed a large amount of food in her mouth. She struggled
to swallow quickly so she could answer.

Ryoko: Oh, she's been studying table manners with Mihoshi again.

"Oh yeah! Let me see now." She said gently, "Ryoko and Ryo-
ohki went with Mihoshi---"

"Why?" Tenchi asked suddenly, accidentally cutting her off.

"They went to go help Minagi and Washu fix Minagi's
Spaceship,

Bryan: If Mihoshi is helping anyone fix a ship, they'll be at it awhile.

and Ayeka, Father, and GrandFather went into to
town to buy some things. They should all be back later this
evening." She said.

Zechs (as Snidely Whiplash): So I've got you all alone, have I?

"So we're here, just you and me?" he asked uncalmly.

Bryan (as Tenchi): Oh no! I've been left in the house alone with Sasami 
after a wet dream! I'm in a lemon!!!!!

*I would think Ayeka or Grandfather would have woken me up!*
He Thought.

"YUP, just you and me Tenchi!" She shouted with delight.

  They finished their meals and looked at each other.

"Wow, great meal Sasami!" Tenchi smiled.

"You really mean it!?" She shouted.

Ryoko: Would he lie?

"Best you've ever made. You're a great cook but this was ju-
---" He was cut short when Sasami lunged upon him, attaching
herself to his torso with a huge hug!

All: NO!

"Thank you Tenchi! I---" Sasami stopped.

  She was on his lap, with her arms still around him as she
felt something hard within Tenchi's pants.

Ryoko (as Sasami): So is that a carrot in your pants, or are you just happy 
to see me?
Vegeta: SPEEEEWWW!
Zechs: That was just wrong.

"UUmmm Sasami, Maybe you shou----"He failed to finish his
sentence. When his nose began to bleed!

Bryan: MEDIC!

"Tenchi are you OK?" She sounded worried; "Your nose is
bleeding!"

Zechs( as Tenchi): It's my Ryoga impersonation. Great, huh?

"Umm Sasami! I...I.."He stuttered.

"YOU'RE A NAUGHTY BOY TENCHI!!!!" She shouted and quickly
stood up.

Vegeta: She knew that already.
Bryan: Yep.
Zechs: And the author felt it necessary to restate it.

Her face was red with anger.  She turned and
started to walk away.

"SASAMI wait!" Tenchi pleaded! He stood up and advanced her,

Bryan: Stop making advances on kids, you sicko!
Vegeta: Amen!

putting his hand on her shoulder. She looked at him.

"You're thinking naughty thoughts Tenchi!"

Zechs: You'd better think good thoughts, or I'll send you to the cornfield.
Bryan: Like anyone but us gets that reference.
Ryoko: I don't.
Vegeta: Me either.

She continued. "I
don't like those things!" Her voice began to rise. "I'm
goin------" She was interrupted by Tenchi's mouth covering
her own.

Bryan: It is official. This is not just a Sasami lemon. This is a rape 
scene. The author must now die.
Vegeta: Fine by me.
Ryoko: Me too.
Zechs: Shoot him, stab him, have Epyon step on him, or the Jeff Special?
Vegeta: The Jeff Special works for me.

*Damn, I shouldn't have done that! It was the only way i
could get her to be stop yelling though* He thought.

Bryan: Well, there was always the obvious soloution of apologizing and then 
leaving her the hell alone.
Ryoko: Or dying a forceful death otherwise.

  Their mouths were still locked as Sasami's yelling turned
into whimpers.

Bryan: More like she was running out of air.
Zechs: That brings back some bad memories.
Ryoko:(shivering) I know what you mean. Kanashii no Imi...Brrrr.

* I have never.....never...been kissed before.* She thought
to herself. * I should Struggle, but...but. I dont want to.
Tenchi is.....he.....I.  I've always wanted him to kiss....*

Bryan: And in typical rape mentallity, the girl was "asking for it."
Zechs: Sick bastards.
Ryoko: Women are NOT turned on by force, you freaks. I fell for Tenchi 
because he was kind and gentle, not because he was the sort to violate 
little children.

  He quickly noticed she wasnt struggling. He put his hands
on her shoulders so he could stay balanced while he was nelt
down.

Ryoko: He is going to die a slow, horrible death.
Bryan: The author, or Tenchi?
Vegeta: Whichever.

Then the image of the dream came to mind once more.
The vision of sex. The pleasure has never felt. With this
image he continued to kiss Sasami, but he began to move his
tounge into her mouth. Sasami was surprised, but she didnt
resist.

Bryan: (coughing) Bullshit. Bullshit.

*This may be my only chance to feel what i felt last night,
We're alone...but..but with SASAMI!?* His mind raced!

Zechs: If the only way to feel that is with a child, then you have only one 
option. Shoot yourself in the head, and leave the kid out of it.
Bryan: Ah, I see you watch Dennis Miller too.
Vegeta: Well, he doesn't just do football commentary you know.
Ryoko: Truely a renaissance man for our day.

  As she began to move her tounge into his mouth, he broke
the kiss. He opened his eyes and looked at Sasami is
question. She was very surprised, and she was blushing.

"Tenchi....I" She tried to speak.

"Sasami i'm sorry I did that to you., but it was my onl---"
He was cut off.

"Dont be sorry, I enjoyed it." She said gently.

Ryoko: >_< Girl's don't like being forced!
Bryan: Can I get an amen, brothers and sisters?

   With those words Tenchi's eyes opened wide with surprise!
He didn't expect Sasami to say that.

Vegeta: He aint the only one.
Zechs: Amen.

He also didnt expect to
she was she did next. She advances rapidly and kissed him
again, hugging him tightly.

Bryan: Who put what in the water supply at that house?

*Wha?!*He thought

   She began to force her tounge into his mouth.

Vegeta: So we go from, "Sasami's being forced" to "Sasami's a nympho?"
Ryoko: She is NOT a nympho! And anyone who says different answers to ME!!!

He didnt
resist and he began to work with her. She pressed all of her
weight onto him. He couldn't catch his balance, so he fell
back onto the floor,

Bryan: Oh, look. It's the standard postion.
Zechs: How convenient.

Sasami still hugging him, their lips
still locked in the passionate kiss. She laid on top of him,
moving her body with the motion of their mouths.

Bryan(as Professor): Und zo you zee, vhen ze zubjects are put into a lemon 
vic, zey automatically know vhat ze hell zey iz doink.
Ryoko: Why is that, do you think?
Bryan(as Professor): Because ze authors have never had zex, und never vill, 
mein liebchen.
Vegeta: If sex was THAT easy, there would be fewer lemon writers out there.

Her legs
were rubbing up against Tenchi's hard-on. This gave Tenchi
pleasure. Pleasure he wanted to feel so much. As she
unlocked her arms from around him and braced herself above
him. He put his hands on her little waste.

Bryan: Her waste? EEEEEEWWWWW!!
Zechs: Fecalphillia!
Ryoko: Fecalphile and pedophile, all rolled into one.
Rei(on speakers): An image I didn't need.

  Time seemed to stop as their kiss went on. It grew more
and more passionate with every thrust of tounge. Tenchi
couldn't help himself!

Bryan: Y'know, if I had a single penny for every guy who ever tried THAT 
lame excuse, I'd be better off than Bill Gates.
Zechs: Didn't he try that excuse, once?
Bryan: Who knows.

He wanted to feel more pleasure, much
like his dream. So he slowly moved his hands under her
shirt.

Ryoko: GET YOUR HANDS OUT OF THERE!

He could feel Sasami's soft, young skin. His heart
was pounded as his hand advancer up her stomach toward her
chest. As his fingers touched the very edge of her bra,

Bryan: Bra? At 8 years old?
Ryoko: And just what sick fantasy is that, huh?
Vegeta: She's a Juraian, not an Ocampa!

she
grabbed his hands, and broke their kiss.

Ryoko (as Sasami) : I knew it, you bastard. You only love me for my body! 
Pedophile!

  She sat down on his stomach and rose her torso up. She
forced his hands out from up under her shirt. Her face was
flushed.

Zechs: With rage, I hope.

"No Tenchi, dont do that...I...." She tried to finish then
sentence.

Vegeta(as Sasami): I'm just too young to be felt up.

"Sasami, dont worry. I.... I've always wanted to do
this..But" He couldn't quite bring himself to do it.

Zechs: Yep. The boy's a pedophile.

"Tenchi, I always wanted this too but I...oh .no!" She
exclaimed and gasped quickly. She was surprised, she was
didnt mean to say those things. Tears formed in her eyes,
and she covered her face.

Bryan: And that's why you don't mess with the kids, you scum.
Zechs: He made Sasami cry! Death!

"Sasami..." He said softly.

  Putting his arms on her shoulders. He brought her down
close to his face. He gently uncovered Sasami's tear swept
face. Brushing away her tears with his finger.

Bryan: Sentence fragments... confusing brain!
Zechs: Guys, Bryan has slipped into a Shatner again.
Vegeta: He'll be alright in a moment.

"I love you." He said to her gently.

Zechs: Don't believe it!
Ryoko: He doesn't love you! He's just using you for sex!
Vegeta: He'll toss you aside for Misa when you introduce him!
Bryan: Can we not make this any worse than it already is, please?

  She smiled and closed her eyes. Tenchi lowered her head
and met her lips to his. They began to kiss once more. He
put his hands on her waste

Bryan: Either somebody needs to learn to spell, or Tenchi is sicker than I 
ever imagined.
Vegeta: Given what we've seen so far, I'd say both.

and slipped them under her shirt.
She didnt resist.

Ryoko: Resist! Resist!

His hands moved up toward her chest and he
cupped her cotton bra

Bryan: Ok, first an 8 year old is wearing a bra, and now we're getting the 
content.
Zechs: Even if she were wearing a bra, there wouldn't be anything under it.
Ryoko: We're talking washboard, here.

. He coresed her little breasts.

Vegeta: He did what?
Bryan: I don't know what's worse, the depraved sex with a minor, or the 
murder of the English language.

Once
more she grabbed his hands and she forced them out.

Ryoko: (as Sasami) No touchy feely, you lech!

Raising
her self-up. Breaking their kiss. Tenchi began to speak in
protest,

Vegeta(as Tenchi): But how am I ever going to cop a feel if it isn't with a 
helpless minor?
Ryoko mallets Vegeta: Look, just because some twisted writer thinks that 
Tenchi is a pedophile, that don't make it true!
Vegeta: Denile, anyone?
Ryoko draws her sword: How would you like to die an early death?

but Sasami covered his mouth with her index finger.
  As she sat down upon his stomach, she grabbed the ends of
her shirt, crossing her arms at the same time.

Bryan: Ten bucks says Sasami suddenly learned how to act like a professional 
stripper.
Zechs: Nobody here is stupid enough to take that bet.
Vegeta: This author must watch alot of cheap porn.
Ryoko: And you would know because...?
Vegeta: Because Bulma and I never did anything remotely like that.
Bryan: How many times I gotta tell you, we don't want to hear about your sex 
life in here!

She slowly
lifted the little white shirt over her head. Revealing her
small breasts covered by a thin cotton bra. She threw the
shirt aside and put her arms behind her back. Undoing the
bra.

Bryan: Thus revealing that it was falsies.

*Why am I doing this? I can't control myself*She thought.

Ryoko: AH! So it's mind control!
Bryan: Bad mad scientists! BAD!

The slid the straps off her shoulders and let the bra fall
onto Tenchi. Tenchi's eyes opened wide with surprise.

Vegeta: His nose burst like a faucet, and he died instantly.

He had
never seen Sasami's breasts.

Bryan: None of us have seen what isn't there. Sorry Sasami, but true is 
true.
Vegeta: She's way too young to have any development.
Ryoko: And I'm still better endowed than Tsunami, so there!

They were small and
undeveloped,

Bryan: (sarcastically): Gee. Ya think?

but her nipples where large and brownish.

Vegeta: I'll bet the author watches the transformation into Pretty Sammy in 
slow mo while spanking his monkey.
Ryoko: THERE'S an image we didn't need.
Bryan and Zechs: You said it.

He
diverted his eyes to her face.

Vegeta: PHHHH! Right. A girl's chest is exposed, and the guy is looking at 
her face? Please.
Ryoko: Consider who the girl is.
Vegeta: Point taken.
Zechs: I may throw up before too long here.

She was blushing.

"They're very beautiful Sasami, Thank you." He said softly

Bryan: Liar! You're just a pervert!

  She smiled and grabbed his hands. She brought them up to
cup her small breasts.

Bryan: I'm running out of jokes about her nonexistent chest.
Ryoko: That's because pedophiles aren't funny to begin with.
Bryan: You'll get no arguement there.

She gasped as his fingers touched her
skin.

Vegeta(as Sasami): Your hands are COLD you JERK!

He rubbed them for a little while, then he gripped her
sides and lowered her toward him. He places her right nipple
onto his mouth. He began to suck it and lick all around it.

Bryan: And in protest, I will now vomit! 
SPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!

She gasped with pleasure. Tenchi played with her left breast
with his right hand.

Vegeta: Knock that off!

  Sasami gasped and moaned with pleasure.

Ryoko: Oh, please...A reality check someone?

He began to bite
on her nipple lightly.

Ryoko and Rei both scream: KNOCK THAT OFF! IT HURTS!!!

Then he quickly circled her nipple
with the tip of his tounge, and he began suck open it.

Bryan: Suck open it? Do we really want to ask?
Vegeta: No.
Zechs: Uh-uh.

He
placed his right hand on her waste, and he began to move her
over his hard-on within his pants.

Vegeta: I find that a bit disgusting, really. Can I kill him now?
Ryoko: (looks ill): Be my..urp...guest.

They both moaned with
excitement. They seemed to continue for hours

Bryan: No man has that kind of stamina.

until Tenchi
finally released her hard nipple. He placed both hands on
her waste and looked into her sweet face. She smiled at him.
He lifted her off of him and he stood up. He brought her up
with him. Sasami seemed Alltel confused at this point.

Vegeta: Alltel?
Bryan: Of course she's confused! She's a little kid!
Ryoko: Stop taking advantage of Sasami, you freaks!

  He took her hand

Bryan: Give that back!

a walked toward the low table on the
floor. He picked her up and sat her down gently on the
table.

Vegeta: What is she, a coffee table edition?
Bryan: Reminds me of a book I heard of once, "100 Women I'd like to Pork."
Zechs: Now who's going for obscure references?
Ryoko: To say nothing of poor taste.
Bryan: Look at the material I have to work with here! This isn't exactly 
stand up at Ceasar's Palace, y'know!
Zechs: Remember the basic rule. Do not get sicker than the author being 
MSTed.

Tenchi then took of his shirt.

Vegeta: Y'know, as much as he works out, and all that farmwork...Um, he's 
remarkably undeveloped.
Ryoko: LAY OFF HIM!
Vegeta: Make me!

"Sasami, did you like that?" he asked.

All: NO!NO!NO!

"Y...Yes Tenchi. I loved it. Can we do more?" She asked
eagerly.

All: D'OH!

  Tenchi's cock was longing to be freed from it clothed
prison.

Zechs(as cock): Let me out of here! I'll never do it again, I swear!
Bryan: Weren't you the one just telling me about taste?

It boiled upon his skin and swelled within his
pants. Tenchi moved around unconftorably.

Vegeta:Unconftorably?
Bryan: I dunno what it means, but it can't be good for Sasami.

*I Shouldn't...but...but i can't help my self!* He screamed
within his mind.

Zechs: We have the perfect cure for you, kid. It's called a bullet in the 
head!

  At that point Tenchi reached down and unbuttoned his
pants. Then unzipping them. Sasami was shocking and
surprised.

Bryan(as Sasami): Gee. You're kinda small.
Vegeta: Hung like a grain of rice.
Ryoko mallets them both: TENCHI IS NOT SMALL!

She didnt know what to do,

Bryan: Screaming real loud and scratching out his eyes works well.
Vegeta: As if we were that lucky.

but she couldn't look
away either! With a sudden moan from Tenchi he lowered his
pants and underguards to reveal his long silky cock.

Zechs: It's made of silk?
Vegeta: Well, I always thought he was a limp noodle, but...
Ryoko draws sword again: THAT'S IT! YOU DIE!
Vegeta blocks sword with his finger: As if.

Sasami's eyes were wide with shock.

Bryan: All together now...1...2...3
All: PI-KA-CHU!

She was speechless.

Zechs: I can understand that.

Her
mind raced.

Bryan: And Sasami's mind is in the lead by one synapse, but mindless sex is 
closing the gap fast.

She looked upon his cock, and the more she
looked upon it. The more she couldn't resist it.

Bryan: Sentence fragment...driving insane...Must talk...like this.

Tenchi was
embarrassed and he struggled to do something.

Zechs(as Tenchi): Oh geez, of all the times to find out I'm impotent!

He looked at
Sasami's face and he went into shock.,

All: PI-KA-CHU!!!

and closed his eyes.
  Then he felt Sasami's hands grab his waste

Bryan: And now SHE'S doing it!
Zechs: This guy need to learn how to spell before he decides to write any 
more sick fics.
Ryoko: Or he can not write at all. That'd be fine too.

. He opened his
eyes at looked upon her. She was knelt down in front of him,
and her eyes were locked onto his cock.

Bryan: Someone get the key, and unlock them, damnit!

Her mouth approached
his cock, but then she stopped.

Bryan: Wait! Is she showing some common sense after all?
Vegeta: Ha! You know better than that!

Tenchi then put his hands on
her head. He brushed her hair and looked down upon her. He
nodded his head and she nodded back.

Zechs(as Tenchi): Yeah, it would be really sick if we actually did that, so 
let's not.

He gently moved her
head toward his cock and she opened her mouth wide.

Zechs(weeping): Why can't I ever be right!

  The hot member entered her wet mouth. Tenchi was frozen

Vegeta: And he died of hypothermia. The end.

with pleasure as she took in his cock. Her tounge rubbed
against it as it continued to proceed further into her.

*It's so hot!

Ryoko: I thought it was frozen.

I never felt anything like this before!* Her
mind raced with pleasure and embarrassment.

  Then she began to move his cock in and out her mouth.

Bryan(as Professor) Und note zat she now zeems to be an expert in vhat ve 
provessionals call ze Lewinsky Method.
Ryoko: At 8 years old, the only thing a girl knows about that is that it's 
where you guys pee. She wouldn't want it in her mouth.

She
closed her eyes and she slowly continued. Tenchi was moaning
and twitching his waste. Moving it in a rotating motion,
aiding Sasami as she sucked it.

Vegeta: Will to live...fading.

She began to pick up her
pace;

Bryan: Because Pace is made by folks in San Antone, who know what picante 
should taste like.

she would move it more quickly. She would almost fully
take it out of her mouth, but she would keep the head within
her. She circled it with her tounge and she began to suck
more.

Ryoko: This whole damn fic sucks, if you ask me.

Tenchi was in bliss.

Zechs: No. Bliss would be if we didn't know about any of this.

He was finally feeling this pleasure he
wanted so badly.

Bryan: Wasn't the pleasure that he wanted so badly to be in a three-way with 
Ayeka and Ryoko?
Ryoko: Like that'll ever happen.

  Sasami realized she couldn't fit all of into her mouth, so
she grasped the rest of the cock with her right hand, She
began to quickly jack it off while she sucked faster,

Vegeta: We know now that this guy spends way too much time thinking about 
his wee wee.
Zechs: Kill me now, whatever God there is!

faster. Tenchi grasped her head and moaned loudly. It was a
wonderful feeling. He couldn't stop himself.

Bryan: Enough, already. We get the point!

It felt so
good. He didnt want it to ever end.

Vegeta: What about what WE want? Huh?
Ryoko: I just want that barf bag over there, if you please...

She continued for
sometime, and was enjoying herself. She could feel Tenchi's
cock twitching and convulsing. It grew hotter and hotter as
she quickened. Saliva was dripping from her mouth and
Tenchi's cock. Then Tenchi felt something. Something he
never felt before.

Vegeta: She bit his weiner off, and Tenchi was duly punished for his heinous 
crime.

It was his cock. It felt as if it were
about to burst.

Bryan: KA BOOM!

He panicked and quickly stopped Sasami from
sucking. Her eyes opened wide with surprise. She slowly
removed Tenchi's cock from her mouth and she looked up at
Tenchi, with a worried look. Tenchi appeared to be in pain.
His face was red and covered with sweat. She released his
member and she stood up.

"Tenchi?" She asked, trying to comfort him.

Ryoko: The only comfort would be if he died suddenly.

"I'm fine Sasami, I just felt something odd about to happen.
I'm fine now." He reassured her.

Bryan: Define odd. I mean, he's already had him a wet dream, so he should 
know that sensation, right?
Vegeta: One would think so.

"Ten..chi.." She said gently while looking into his eyes.

"Sasami...you were great. I never felt anything like it." He
said

Bryan: Well, it's not everyday that you violate little girls, is it?

"You liked it!" She shouted with glee.

"I loved it." He comforted her.

  She smiled and hugged him. Tenchi returned the hug. Then
he put his arms on her shoulders and he lowered her onto the
table once more.

Vegeta: WHAT? You mean there's more?
Ryoko: Oh no. This guy is gonna go all the way!
Bryan: Well, he's shown a considerable lack of taste so far...

He sat her down. He reached down to her
waste and he began to undo her skirt.

Bryan: YOU KNOCK THAT OFF!
Zechs (clawing at eyes): I don't want to see that.
Bryan sedates Zechs.
Bryan: We got us a man down.

She didnt resist and
she allowed him to do as he wanted. He pulled the little
skirt and her panties off slowly. She leaned back and
allowed him to get them down her legs. He removed them and
threw them aside. Sasami now laid upon the table naked.

Ryoko: Gonna...gonna be sick.

Tenchi then put his hands onto her legs. He slowly opened
them. He spread her legs wide and he looked down upon her
virgin clint.

Bryan: (as Clint Eastwood): Do you feel lucky, punk?

*I've never seen a girl's before!* He quickly thought to
himself.

Vegeta: Well, except for that time that Ryoko paraded around naked at the 
onsen, or took Ayeka's towel...
Ryoko: He's seen me naked plenty of times!

  He got closer to her and he looked down upon Sasami's
face. She quickly looked away and gasped. He knelt down over
her and he gently touches her face. He turned it to face his
own.

"What's wrong?" He asked quietly.

Ryoko(as Sasami): Well, let's see. I'm a little kid spread naked over a 
coffee table. What the FUCK do you think is wrong, you perverted lecherous 
bastard!?

"I'm.... I'm embarrassed...please dont look at.... n...me"
She silently replied.

Ryoko: Yeah!
Bryan: Here here!

"How could I stop looking at you.

Vegeta(charges ki): I can provide you with reasons, buddy.

You so beautiful Sasami.

Bryan: Tenchi is now talking Shampoo speak.
Vegeta: Or he watched one to many jive flicks.
Bryan: Like they even get those in Japan.

I
love you." He gently explained as he drew closer to her.

All: HE'S LYING TO YOU!

"I...I lover you to Tenchi" She said and smiled softly.

"Are you ready?" Tenchi asked.

"Please Tenchi.... Please be gentle." She muttered, almost
seeming to talk to herself.

Ryoko: After what she's been through today, small wonder that she's talking 
to herself!

"I wouldn't do it any other way my love." He said in a
comforting voice.

Ryoko: Oh sure! You guys just love to use that one, don't you?
Bryan:  Will you stop bashing my gender for the actions of a few, please?

  She smiled and nodded. He looked down and he placed
himself before her little virgin clint.

Bryan(as Clint Eastwood): Go ahead. Make my day!
Vegeta: You're not helping, you know.

He then placed his
cock at the opening. He gently rubbed her sensitive skin
with his hard cock. She moaned. He then began to slowly
force his member into her. She gasped as it entered her.
Tenchi braised himself

Vegeta: He came out a nice golden brown, and was served to the cops on a 
silver platter.

and he continued to enter her.

*Its so tight, I dont think i can get it into her.* He
thought.

Bryan: Like I've been saying all along, she's a minor! OF COURSE YOU WON'T 
FIT!
Vegeta: Now knock it off, and die like you should!

He then felt her barrier, panicking he forced his cock in
swiftly. Tearing into her. She screamed with pain. Tenchi
panicked and looked upon Sasami.

"Ouch!" Sasami squealed, "It hurts."

Ryoko: (crying): Why does this always happen?
Vegeta: Jeff Special. Definately.

"I'm sorry did ---" He tried to speak, but she cut him off.

Bryan: Let's hope his mouth ain't all that gets cut off.
Vegeta: Ouch. Bobbitt Special, huh?

"Its alright Tenchi. Please continue. Even though it hurts.
-gasp- I like it." She said softly.

Ryoko: And since when was SHE a masochist?

  So Tenchi filled her with his member. He then moved her
legs around him. She locked her legs across his back.

Bryan: I'll get the key.

Then
Tenchi began to drive into her.

Vegeta: You shift into neutral, right now, pedo!

She would moan and gasp with
pleasure with every thrust. Her eyes we closed and her mouth
was open wide. She grasped Tenchi and held him tight while
he drove in and out of her slowly.
He then began to speed up and move faster. Her clint

Ryoko: One more impersonation out of you...
Bryan: I used up all his good lines anyway.

was
squeezing his cock and forcing it into her. He moaned with
her.
  They continued to fuck on the table for a long time in
that position. Tenchi's skin was slapping against hers with
every thrust. Her moaning and breathing grew louder and they
fucked. Sasami released Tenchi from her grasp and he stood
over her, still driving into her faster and faster. He then
grabbed her wastes and he forced himself into her harder.

THE REACTION OF THE MST GROUP TO THIS SCENE HAS BEEN DELETED, AS THE 
AUDIENCE MIGHT HAVE VOMITED AT THE SIGHT A SUDDEN GROUP PURGING.

"Oh god! -gasp-  oh -gasp- dont stop! -gasp- Harder Tenchi!
-gasp- Deeper!" She shouted!

Bryan: (weakly): Oh god. Now she sounds like some damn porn star...
Vegeta: Kill me now! Send me to HFIL. I don't care!

  He did as she asked. He pounded into her with increasing
force. She laid on the table, he breasts

Bryan: What breasts?

swaying back and
forth with every thrust. Finally Tenchi was feeling the
pleasure he was searching for. He couldn't stop now. He had
finally lost his Virginity,

Bryan: The author captialized it, because it is his ultimate goal to one day 
lose his virginity as well.
Zechs: He already did. To Rosy Palm.
Vegeta: SNORT. Good one, Zechs.

as his dream seemed to foretell.
Tenchi then slowed. He unlocked Sasami's legs. He then
released his cock from her. She laid on the table, her eyes
closed, gasping for air. He then laid down beside her. With
his left arm he lifted her left leg and forced his cock into
her. He began to thrust faster than before. She braised
herself

Bryan: A classic method to keep the meat from going dry in the oven.

up with her right arm and she put her left hand onto
his head. Her heart was racing, she never fully realized
what she was doing,

Ryoko: We could have told you that much.

but she enjoyed ever second of it.

All: BULLSHIT!

Their bodies worked together as they continued to fuck on
the table. Tenchi still driving his member into her faster.
Her breasts

Bryan: I still don't see 'em.
Ryoko: You won't find what isn't there.

were bouncing up and down. They were moaning
aloud together. Blood was flowing from Sasami's pussy along
with a river of love juice.

Bryan: SPEEWWW. BLURP. BARRRRRRRRRRRRRRF.
Ryoko: Eww! Easy stomach. Easy. We've seen worse.
Vegeta: WHEN!?

They couldn't stop themselves at
all. Their bodies were in a mechanical motion that was
unstoppable.

Bryan: (as Arnold): I'm da Sexinatah! Look at my bulging muscles.

Tenchi could feel Sasami's warm, soft love
tunnel around his stiff member.  He lost track of all time,
this truly the best thing he has ever felt. Sasami's moans
grew louder and louder. Tenchi realized she was nearly
screaming.


Vegeta(as Sasami): STOP THE FIC. STOP THE FIC!!!!

So he kissed her. Sasami opened her mouth wide,
ready to accept Tenchi's tounge.

Bryan: It's not nearly as accepted as Visa. It's everywhere you want to be.

With every thrust into her
young body virgin body

Vegeta: Not anymore.
Ryoko: That was in poor taste.
Vegeta: So is this fic.

, he would slip his tounge into her
mouth. She would quickly do the same. Sasami tightened her
grip on Tenchi's hair as they continued to fuck on the low
table.
  Tenchi then slowed again. He broke their passionate kiss
and he releases his member from her tight cunt. He stood up,
and he grabbed her waste and aided her in getting into a new
position. She was now on her hands and knees. Tenchi then
tightly grabbed her waste and he thrust himself into her
once more. Sasami gasped as he drove into her farther than
before. He began to fuck the little girl from behind.

Vegeta: I guess he wanted to pretend that it was somebody else.
Bryan: (as Saddam Hussein): Satan! Your ass is big and red. Who would I 
pretend you were? Liza Minelli?
Zechs: I thought we were forbidden to watch that show.
Bryan: That was from the movie. Besides, I have to respect all the work they 
did in that recent episode to steal Akira.

Tenchi
gave her no time to prepare for his thrusts. He went in and
out of her with surprising speed.

"Tenchi! Yes! ahhhh! -gasp- ummmm!" She yelled out with
passion.

  Their skin slapped together loudly with Tenchi's every
drive. They were covered with sweet.

Bryan: Sweet what?
Vegeta: Don't ask. We might get an answer.

They were gasping for
air with every stride. They felt their bodies growing hotter
and hotter. They fucked on and on, it seemed almost endless.
Tenchi and Sasami seemed to lose their minds as they fucked.

Ryoko: No. If they were fucking, they'd lost their minds along time ago.
Bryan: Like around the begining of this fic.

They refused to halt this pleasure they were feeling. Then
Tenchi felt it again. He felt his cock; it felt as if it was
about to burst. He didnt know what was happening, but both
Sasami and Tenchi were reaching their climax.

Bryan: I though he didn't know what was happening.
Zechs: The author is filling us in, not Tenchi.

Tenchi could
feel something moving up through his cock. It then hit him.

Vegeta( Tenchi in dawning realization): Wait! This is morally inexcuseable 
behavior that could permanently scar Sasami's psyche, and land me in jail 
for years to come, where I'll become the plaything of some big hairy guy 
named Butch.

He was about to cum.

Zechs: So much for moral realizations.

"Oh GOD -gasp- TENCHI! I'm gonna.... I'm gonna.... I'm!"
Sasami screamed suddenly.

Ryoko:(as Sasami): Tenchi, you're a bastard!

  Tenchi look at her, she looking back at him. Her young
face covered with sweat and tears.

Bryan: Is it any wonder?
Zechs: Kill Tenchi!
Vegeta: And AncientYUME as well!

She suddenly closed her
eyes and began to moan aloud. Tenchi could feel her cunt
tightening. Drawing him in.

"Oh TENCHI!!!!" She screams.

  Then Tenchi quickly removed his cock from her. He stood
before her. With his hands he turned her over and looked
upon her young naked body, covered with sweet.

Bryan: SWEET WHAT?
Ryoko: Like we said, you don't wanna know.

He then
grasped his cock. He quickly knelt down over her. His cock
over her mound, Tenchi could feel it coming. He tightened
his face and continued to jack him self offer her.

Ryoko: It's an offer she should refuse.
Bryan:(as Marlon Brando): Make Tenchi an offer he can't refuse.

Then it
happened. He tried to hold it within him, but it was no use.
Hot white virgin cum

Bryan: Isn't Virgin cum a contradiction in terms?
Vegeta: Yes.
Zechs: Absolutely.

sprayed from his cock and all over
Sasami's young body. It shot out onto her face and her
breasts.

All: SHE DOESN'T HAVE ANY!

All over her stomach. It was done. They had finally
felt the pleasure they longed for, and it was over.

Bryan: (tears of joy): Thank GOD! It's finally over.
Ryoko: No more! No more!

  Tenchi looked down upon the young Sasami, and he kissed
her.

  Tenchi softly spoke into her ear. "I love you Sasami."

Vegeta: (cheerfully): Bullshit.

They lay down on the table together. Sasami was worn out.
She could barely keep her eyes open as she constantly gasped
for air. They fell asleep on the table together. Grasping
each other.

Bryan: More...fragments...
Ryoko: Oh knock that off.

  Tenchi was awoken by the sound of a grandfather clock in
the den. He opened his eyes to see Sasami sleeping soundly,
next to him. He listened to the clock's song. It rang twice,
then three times. Before Tenchi realized it, it ranges six
times. He then began to close his eyes. Suddenly he heard to
sound of the front door opening!

Vegeta: BUSTED!
Bryan: HORRAY!
Ryoko: That'll teach you to rape little girls, you sick fucker!
Zechs: I hope they castrate the bastard!

To be continued...

Bryan: Oh god in heaven save us all...
Rei: I hear the author made good on that threat, too.
Bryan: You don't honestly expect us to do more of THIS crap, do you?
Rei: Time will tell.


------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------
  Next time: Part 2! "Innocent No More" The exciting, heart
pounding, next episode of "No Need For Virgins"
        Who's Tenchi's next victim of love as his mind
slowly faids away! Could it be "Ayeka?"

Vegeta:(as Tenchi): Ayeka, I just screwed Sasami, and I want to do you next.
Ryoko:(as Ayeka): Drop dead, you heartless bastard!

Bryan: I just heard the doors click. We're free! FREE!
Others: FREEDOM!

Until we MST again.









