Fan-fictions: The dark frontier. These are the voyages of the Starship Brian 
Drummond. It's eternal mission (without possibility of parole) to MST the 
lemons, to mock the darkfics, to boldly go where no fic should dare to go 
(though usually it's kicking and screaming that gets us there).

Weber-san has come to an important decision. He has been isolated from his 
crew, kept seperate from them. Today, and forever onward, he will join them 
in their MSTs of these lousy fics. In order for that to happen, someone else 
has to control the USS Brian Drummond. To that end, he gives the command 
chair to Rei Ayanami. He joins his crew now, none of whom are owned by him, 
all used without permission. Please don't sue him, as he isn't making a 
profit on this.
Roll Call:

Bryan Weber: The things I do for ratings (sigh)
Prince Vegeta: Why am I here?
Zechs Merquise: This ought to be good for a laugh.
Ryoko: Can we go yet?

And ship's commander: Rei Ayanami: It's my link to people everywhere.

Bryan sighed, "Could you just pour rubbing alcohol over the welts, Ayeka?"
"What? I don't understand."
"Well, it doesn't really sting at the moment. So if you'd be so kind as to 
pour rubbing alcohol on the welts, or maybe salt in the ones that are 
actually bleeding..."
"Just why am I doing this for you, anyway?"
"Because I'm going into an MST with Ryoko and Vegeta, and I needed to test 
my threshhold of pain. Fourty lashes didn't do much, so I guess  I'm ready."
Ayeka pours rubbing alcohol on his back. He sighs contentedly, "MMmmmmm. 
Yeah. Now that stings. And it disinfects, too."
"You...you're enjoying this, aren't you?"
"I got beat up alot as a kid. Pain and I are old aquaintances. Holodeck 
off."
Ayeka vanished from sight, and the room became a yellow grid again.
Rei contacted Bryan at that moment, "We have a fanfic. It's not pretty, 
either."
"Another Suzuki peice?"
"No. A lemon. I've assembled the others, and they're waiting for you."

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Bryan: Well gang, here I am.
Ryoko: Great. So sit down and shut up already.
Zechs: Don't mind her. She's just upset because this is supposed to be a 
lemon.
Vegeta: If it's another Sasami lemon, I'm going out there and toasting a few 
writers.
Bryan: Shhhh. It's starting.

Disclaimer:  This is a Tenchi Muyo lemon.  This means
two things.

Bryan: It's gonna suck
Vegeta: And it's gonna be MSTed.

One, that the characters herein belong to AIC
and Pioneer LDC.  Two, this story contains sex.  Lots of sex.
Hot, freaky, lesbian sex!

Bryan(at full attention): Hmmmmm.
Ryoko: If this is an Ayeka/Ryoko pair up, I am gonna find this writer.
Zechs: We're in trouble.
Vegeta: I've got your back, Zechs.

If you're under eighteen years of
age, stop reading.  Hey, what I just get done telling you?!
Stop reading!  Stop!  STOP READING, YA LITTLE PUNK!
Oh well, it's not as if we can reach through the phone lines
and strangle you.  (Authors try for several minutes without
success.)

Bryan: How unusual. Most lemon writers don't make that much effort.

	Well, anyway, I guess we have no choice but to
assume you are of age.  Some of you may wonder why we wrote
this fic.

Ryoko: Hentai no baka.

Simple. (Grins) Someone told us it couldn't be
done.

Vegeta: And how we wish they were right.

	On with the fic!

Zechs: No. Please. Not on with the fic. Not on with the fic.
Bryan: You're fighting the inevitable, you realize.

Lunch Date


	Minagi

All: WHO?
Rei(on Speakers): Ryoko's twin sister from the manga.
All: Oh.
Ryoko: I have a sister?


had always gotten along reasonably well with
Princess Ayeka,

Ryoko: Some sister she is.

so when the Jurain noblewoman asked Minagi
to have lunch with her in the Ryu-Oh unit, Minagi thought
nothing of it and showed up on time carrying a bottle of sake
with her, her contribution to the meal.

Vegeta: Well, she's as cheap as you are, Ryoko. No salad. No fruit.
Bryan: Actually, if the disclaimer was any indication, we're about to see 
lots of "fruit".
Ryoko(draws sword): Say it again, and you'll be eating all your meals 
through a straw in your neck.

  Ayeka met her at
the door and invited her inside with a smile.  Ayeka had
everthing set up already.  A table and chairs had come from
somewhere, and the meal Ayeka had prepared was nothing short
of exquisite,

All: AYEKA CAN'T COOK!

which was odd considering the Princess couldn't
cook to save her life.

Bryan: I wonder if Sasami knew what her hard work was being used for.
Zechs: If she's involved in this, then the author needs to meet the REAL 
oujo-sama.
Ryoko: Sasami isn't what I'd call a devious person. Ayeka probably told her 
it was for Tenchi.

Ayeka sat her down and poured her a
glass of wine.  Minagi took a sip, and her eyes widened in
shock.  Jurain cherry wine was a very rare brand.

Bryan: Nearly as difficult to find as JURAIAN cherry wine.
Vegeta: Sheesh. You'd think Suzuki was spelling this.

	She and Ayeka had lunch and talked.

Ryoko(Ayeka): Tell me more about my eyes.
Zechs(Minagi): So, you had Sasami cook, did you?

  Ayeka made sure
that Minagi's glass was never empty, and after an hour, Minagi
felt her nose begin to go numb,

Ryoko: Thus indicating that she was nowhere near as good as me at this sort 
of thing.
Bryan: Do you want to think about what you just said.
Ryoko:....D'oh!

the surest sign that she was
drinking too much.  Ayeka smiled at her warmly and tried to
pour her another.

Ryoko: HEY! Don't take advantage of my sister when she's drunk!
Bryan: YEAH! That's Ryoko's bit!
Ryoko mallets Bryan.
Bryan(weakly): Now I remember why I never came in here before.

	Minagi held her hand up.  "Um...no, thank you, Ms. Ayeka,
but I really have to be going."

Zechs(Minagi): Since I only appear in one continuity, the writers have me on 
call 24-7.

	Ayeka looked a little disappointed.  "Do you?  I was
hoping we could talk some more."

Bryan: That line doesn't work for guys. What makes Ayeka think it'll work 
for her?
Vegeta: 'Cause this is a lemon.
Bryan: Oh. Right.

  She reached across the table
and took Minagi's hand.  Minagi gulped nervously. There was
something wrong with this.

Ryoko: Well, it's obvious that *I* got the brains in the family.
Vegeta: I thought Washuu had the brains.
Ryoko: You're asking for it, you know.

  She stood up.
	"Thank you, Ms. Ayeka, it was a wonderful lunch, really,
but there are things I have to do today,

Zechs(Minagi): And being molested by you wasn't on the list.

and I..."  She
turned as she sputtered excuses.  Behind her, she could hear
the sound of Ayeka getting out of her chair.  Minagi started
toward the door...

Ryoko: I'd have teleported away a loooooong time ago.

	Only to watch it slide shut in her face.  She put her
hand on the door and willed it to open, but it didn't respond.
She turned to find Ayeka grinning at her, leaning against
the table.

Bryan: My, what big teeth you have.

	"Um...Ms. Ayeka?"  The princess giggled and started
toward her.

Vegeta: It's either that Naga style laugh that the Japanese version used...
Zechs: Or the Smurfette** cackle of the American version...
Bryan: But either way, it's a sound that strikes terror into the hearts of 
men!
Ryoko: Make it stop. Make it stop!

  Minagi took a step back and bumped into the wall.
"Ms. Ayeka, really, I have to go!"

Bryan(as Jeff Goldblum in Jurrasic Park): When ya gotta go, ya gotta go.

	Minagi decided that she would just have to be rude, and
proceeded to phase herself through the wall.

Ryoko: Thus ending the fic.
Vegeta: You wish.
Zechs: We ALL wish.
Bryan: Well...
Ryoko brandishes her sword.
Bryan: Yep. Wish it was over.

	Nothing happened.
	She blinked in surprise and tried again, with a similar
result.  She turned to Ayeka in fear.

Vegeta(as Minagi): Hey! No grabbing body parts to stop me from phasing! 
Another author used that already!(See WeberMST8)

  "My powers!"
	Ayeka smiled.  "What did you think of the wine, Minagi?"

Bryan: It was a bit sweet. I'd recommend it for a fish course.
Ryoko: Do you want to think about what you just said?
Bryan:(puzzled): I don't get it.
Ryoko: What's supposed to smell like fish?
Vegeta: He doesn't know, Ryoko. The boy's obviously never gone down...
Bryan:(dawning comprehension): Oh sick! I'll never eat seafood again!

Minagi blinked in confusion.  "The chemists on Jurai worked
for centuries to get this solution.  It saps the power from
life forms such as yourself and Ryoko.

Ryoko: If the chemist on Jurai could come up with ANYTHING that could beat 
Washuu's works, I'd be surprised.
Vegeta: Well, it could be worse.
Ryoko: How so.
Zechs: The stuff could double as an aphrodisiac.

  My father gave me the
formula last time he was here...just in case."  She giggled.

Bryan: The horrible, inhuman sound!

"I don't imagine he'd ever conceive of me using it like this!"

Vegeta: Well, you did try to shack up with your brother, so I doubt he 
thought you were a lesbian.
Bryan: You couldn't leave it alone, could you. You just HAD to bring up the 
incest, didn't you?
Vegeta: So?
Bryan: The thought makes me...ill.

	Minagi took a step back and noticed the wall there.
"L-l-like what?"
	Ayeka grinned at her and nodded up at the ceiling.
Minagi looked up just in time to see several vines strike
down at her and wrap themselves around her arms and legs.

Bryan: Whoah! Time out! The vines are not descended from the Overfiend! No 
naughty tenticles!
Zechs: And how do YOU know about that?
Bryan: It's on a list I found, Anime that gives Anime a bad name. It had 
titles, and plot synopsis. I wish I'd known before I got Wicked City. How 
that ended up on Colombia House's Best of Japanese Animation is beyond me.

Minagi cried out and struggled, but the vines held her fast.

Vegeta: While Ayeka decided to take it slow.
Ryoko mallets Vegeta: That's my sister she's abusing!

Her arms were pulled up over her head.  She looked down and
found that the ones around her legs were slowly pulling them
apart.  She looked up and saw Ayeka approaching her.
	"W..what do you think you're doing!?  Let me down!"
The vines pulled her upwards so that she was forced to stand
on her tip toes.  Ayeka grinned at her, placing her hands on
Minagi's shoulders, she began to coo.

Bryan: Coo. Coo. Say it twice and you have the author.

	"Shhhhhhh.  It's okay.  Just relax."

Bryan: Like I said, it doesn't work for us guys. It shouldn't work for 
Ayeka.
Zechs: Well, in this case, she has a captive audience.
Ryoko: I've gotta make sure Tenchi never has lunch in Ryu-Oh with Ayeka.
Bryan: Just send Sasami along as a chaperone.
Vegeta: With the authors out there, that isn't such a good idea.

	Minagi tried to pull away from her, but the vines kept
her from escaping.  Ayeka stood on her tip toes and leaned
forward, placing her hands on Minagi's pert breasts.

Ryoko: What is it with her and grabbing other girls?!
Zechs: Envy?
Ryoko: Heh! I like that one.

  She
whispered in Minagi's ear.

Bryan(Ayeka as Elizabeth Hurley): I'm the Devil.

	"Most people don't see me like this,"

Ryoko: And they should thank whatever God there is.

she whispered
seductively.  "Out there, I'm the prim, proper Princess Ayeka,

Ryoko: How I miss her, all of a sudden.

but you know what, I don't *like* the prim, proper princess
Ayeka.  I love Tenchi, of course, but sometimes...sometimes
I just have let my other half out."

Bryan (singing): This is the story of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde...
Zechs: Bonus points to anyone who can identify the band who's song Bryan is 
profaning.
Bryan: Your singing voice isn't honeyed and sweet, either, y'know.

	Minagi swallowed nervously as she heard this.  She
was shaking in fear now, unsure of what the deranged princess
had planned.

Ryoko: Either Mom's asleep...
Bryan: Or the wine cut off the telepathic link...
Vegeta: OR, Ayeka paid her off.
Ryoko smacks Vegeta in the face: My mother isn't a monster...like some 
people I could name.

She felt something caressing her leg and looked
down to find Ayeka running the tip of a riding crop up the
inside of her thigh.

Bryan: Um, I thought she had a whip, not a riding crop.
Ryoko: Well, you can't play with the same toys forever, you know.

	Ayeka giggled.  "I started doing this when I was fifteen.

Bryan: Seven-hundred and five years later, she's still going strong.
Ryoko: Where do you get 705?
Bryan: The Role Playing book. It lists Ayeka's age as 720. Take away fifteen 
years, and you have 705.
Vegeta: And considering how Juraians age, she must have been about 
Sasami's...
Others mallet, shoot, and smash Vegeta.
Bryan: That's enough of that, thank you.

When you're surrounded by nothing but serving girls...you
acquire a taste for them.

Bryan: Well, I know *I* would.

I admit, I've felt somewhat
thrilled whenever Ryoko would show herself off.  I could
never let on, of course, I was the prim and proper Princess
Ayeka, but...I always wanted her here where you are now."

Ryoko(a really interesting shade of green): I did not need to know.

The riding crop came up, gently grazing her stomach, up
between her breasts until it was under her chin.  Minagi's
face was pushed upward.  She blinked tears out of her eyes
as she quivered with fear

Bryan: OK, that's enough right there. I'm alright with lesbian sex. But a 
rape scene? Consider me nauseaous.
Vegeta: Funny. I usually consider you nauseating.

..and something else.  Ayeka grinned.
"But I knew she would never submit to me.  Not in the way
you are going to."  Ayeka blew in her ear.  Minagi whimpered
in fear

Ryoko: Oh, that's it. Noone treats a member of my family this way! She is 
sooooo dead when I catch her.

	The riding crop went down her body again, stopping at
her thigh.  Ayeka began kissing her neck.  Minagi's breath
quickened.  Suddenly she whimpered again.  Ayeka had begun
rubbing the riding crop between Minagi's legs, creating a
pleasing friction between the fabric of her jumpsuit and
her venus cleft.
	"I assure you,"  Ayeka whispered as she kissed her
cheek.  "You can find this quit pleasurable..."

Vegeta: Uh-huh. Sure.
Zechs: This is going to be an S&M fic, isn't it?
Bryan: Oh good God!!
Ryoko: He's not here right now.

She kissed
Minagi's lip, nibbling on it.

Zechs(as Minagi): Note to self. Never use flavored lip gloss again. Oh, and 
kill Ayeka as soon as this is over.

  "If you let it...and obey."
	Minagi squirmed in her bonds again in another vain
effort to escape.  She felt the moisture between her legs
as Ayeka rubbed the riding crop against her clit.
	"Ms. Ayeka...please, I..." she was cut off as Ayeka
kissed her.  Minagi's eyes went wide as she felt the
princess' tongue enter her mouth.

Ryoko: Bite her tongue off! Bite her tongue off!
Bryan: That's it. I want my copy of Silence of the Lambs back at the end of 
the day.

  Suddenly, Ayeka stopped
and stepped back.  From her kimono she produced a wicked
looking knife.

Ryoko: She'd better be planning to cut her free, or else....(energy arcs 
around Ryoko)
Others look on with sweatdrops.

  Minagi tensed.  Ayeka smiled and began
cutting away Minagi's clothes.  Minagi felt the cold blade
of the knife kiss her skin, followed shortly after by the
noblewoman's lips and tongue.  Before long, Minagi was nude,
shaking in fear and a feeling she didn't understand.

Bryan: It's called "being violated". It's not a pleasant sensation, and 
nobody deserves it. SO KNOCK IT OFF ALREADY!

	Ayeka tossed the knife to one side and began to remover
her kimono.  Minagi's eyes widened when she saw what Ayeka
wore underneath.  The princess stood before her arrayed in a
black leather bra but no panties, revealing a thick tuft of
purple hair between her legs.

Bryan: I think we all saw in the OAVs that this was NOT the case.
Vegeta: Forget it. We can't argue logic with fic writers who are obsessed 
with making people who were never meant to boink each other's brains out.

Ayeka grinned and approached
Minagi again.
	"Ms. Ayeka, please..."  She gasped as Ayeka slapped her
in the face.
	"You will address me as, 'Oujo sama.'"  she ordered.

Bryan: Oujo-sama to oyoubi. Yeah. Right.
Vegeta: I'd rather call her a harlot after this.
Zechs: Poor Minagi.

	Minagi licked her lips and decided to try again.
Ayeka began to run her tongue around Minagi's left nipple
while her hands gently caressed her ass.

Ryoko: Watch the hands! That's my sister's ass!
Zechs: It bears a striking resemblance to yours.

	"Um...Oujo sama..it's not that I'm..." she paused to
gasp, "not flattered but..

Zechs(as Minagi): But I'd rather you not take advantage of me whilst I'm 
drunk, tied up, and at your mercy.

.but..please, Ms. Ayeka, I..."
	She realized her mistake a split second before Ayeka
made her aware of it by biting her nipple.

Ryoko faints, and a scream is heard from the bridge.
Bryan: Rei, you alright?
Rei: Sympathy pain. Sorry.
Zechs: Would it really hurt that much?
Rei: Ask someone to bite the most sensitive parts of YOUR body, and see how 
YOU like it.

	"OUJO SAMA!"  Minagi cried out in pleasant pain.  "I
meant Oujo sama!"  Ayeka ignored her.  She ran her tongue
down her captive's stomach.  Minagi whimpered when Ayeka
stopped at her cunt.  Ayeka reached out with her fingers and
found Minagi's clit.  Minagi's breath quickened as Ayeka's
fingers caressed her swollen girl cock.

Bryan: Now THAT'S sick. Not the act, the description.
Ryoko: Speak for yourself. I think the act is pretty sick, too.

Minagi gasped and
arched her back as Ayeka inserted a finger into the young
girl's cunt.
	"Do you like that, little slut?"

All: NO!

Ayeka asked her
huskily.  Minagi blushed a deep red, but could only mewl
in pleasure as a response.

Bryan: Logic check. What the hell happened to the fear and foreboding?
Vegeta: The author never described foreboding.
Bryan: Well, the fear, anyway.
Zechs: Lemon logic. Once she has something shoved up her orifice, fear is 
eliminated by primal ecstasy.
Ryoko: Or, a male's rape fantasy.
Bryan: Hey, not all of us are such despicable fiends. Need I remind you of 
what we all did for Sasami?(See No Need For Grief)

  Ayeka stood up, but continued
to massage Minagi's cunt with her finger.  Minagi closed
her eyes and panted as Ayeka inserted a second finger into
her.  Ayeka grinned and closed her mouth around Minagi's
right nipple, her other hand roamed up the girl's back.
Minagi groaned in a pleasure she had never felt before.
Her heart was racing, the fear was still there,

Bryan: AH HA! The fear is still there! Ryoko, as the female of the group, 
would any woman be enjoying this against her will?
Ryoko: No. Uh-uh. No way. This is a sick rape fantasy, with Ayeka replacing 
what would ordinarily be a male character.

but it took
a backseat to the sensations of lust she was feeling.

Ryoko(as Scott Evil): >Cough<Bullshit>Cough<Bullshit

  Her
cunt felt like an oven.

Bryan: And then, the timer went off. She was done, the fic was over, and 
there was much rejoicing.

  All she could feel was Ayeka's
fingers plunging in and out of her.  Her head rolled from
side to side.

Zechs: Then it began to rotate, and Minagi spoke in tongues.
Bryan: DON'T SAY TONGUE!

  The feelings were intensifying.  Minagi began
to wail in pleasure...
	Suddenly, Ayeka stopped.
	Minagi blinked in surprise.  "Wha..."
	Ayeka grinned up at her.
	"Ms..er...Oujo sama...you..."
	Ayeka moved closer and whispered in her ear.  "Would
my little slut like me to continue?"

All: NO! IN THE NAME OF ALL THAT'S HOLY, NO!!!!!

	Minagi swallowed again.  She felt the beads of sweat
rolling down her forehead.  "Y..Yes, Oujo sama," she gasped
out.

All: Facefault.

	Ayeka grinned.  "What do we say?"

Zechs(as Minagi): Um, I changed my mind.

	Minagi struggled to think through the lust filled haze
that had engulfed her brain.

Ryoko: Who crossed her with Mihoshi?

  All her attention was focused
on that small area between her legs.  She tried to wriggle
enough to force Ayeka's digits inside, but the princess'
fingers danced away from her.
	"What do we say?"  Ayeka repeated.
	Minagi thought desperately.  "Please, Oujo sama, do
what you were doing."
	Ayeka's left hand came up and grabed a handful of
Minagi's cyan hair.  She pulled back roughly.  Minagi cried
out in pain.  "No,"  Ayeka whispered.  "What do we say?"

All: Ow. That hurts.

	Minagi blinked back tears.  She was so close to
something wonderful.  She could feel it.  It would only take
a little more...
	"Please, Oujo sama..."
	"'Please, Oujo sama, make me cum.'"  Ayeka supplied.
	"Please, Oujo sama,"  Minagi gasped out, "Make me
cum."

Zechs: Who the hell wrote this. It doesn't even get this bad on Cinemax.

	"Beg for it, slut!"  Ayeka growled, emphasizing this
with another tug of her hair.  "Beg me to make you cum."

Ryoko: I'm begging you to end this fic. End this fic.

	Minagi's face turned red from the huskiness tone.  She
licked her lips and said, "Please, Oujo sama, please make me
cum.  Please!"
	Ayeka grinned.  Minagi gasped in ecstacy as she felt
Ayeka's fingers move inside her.  She began to squirm and pull
against her bonds.  Suddenly, she was wracked with an
incredible feeling of pleasure!  Her muscles spasmed, her
hands clenched and unclenched, her fingernails biting into
her palms almost to the point of drawing blood.  She cried
out in pleasure.
	When it was over, her breath came in ragged gasps, and
she felt something trickling down her leg.  She looked up at
Ayeka, who was giving her that devilish grin again.

Bryan: -_- It doesn't stop...

  She felt
Ayeka remove her hand from her cunt.  Ayeka ran the wet
fingers up Minagi's stomach, across her breasts, and up her
neck, stopping at the girl's lips.  Minagi's breath quickened
as Ayeka gently touched her lips.  Minagi shook her head
slightly, but Ayeka would hear nothing of it.  She wormed her
fingers into Minagi's mouth.

Ryoko: BITE HER YA STUPID IDJIT!!!!
Zechs: Yeah. You know where that finger's been!

	Minagi tasted the sweet nectar on Ayeka's fingers, the
taste of her own sex and found herself licking the juice from
the well manicured fingers.  After a few seconds of this,
Ayeka's fingers were replaced by her tongue as Ayeka kissed
her, her tongue scouring her mouth for a taste of Minagi's
cum.

Bryan pukes

	When they separated, Ayeka caressed Minagi's cheek.
"Did you enjoy that, little slut?"  Minagi found herself
nodding.
	"Y..yes, Oujo sama."
	Ayeka grinned.  "Good, because it's my turn, and you're
going to *work* for what I have given you!"

Zechs: Well, let's see, you got her drunk.
Vegeta: Tied her up.
Ryoko: Bit her nipple.
Bryan: And forced her to endure a session with you.
Vegeta: And now you want her to pay you back for it (grins evilly) I'm sure 
she can beat...er..talk some sense to you.
Bryan: Only if this weren't a lemon.
Vegeta: You mean...?
Bryan: I have a BAAAAAAAAD feeling about this.

	Minagi's eyes went wide as some of the fear returned.
With an nonverbal cue, the vines released Minagi, and she fell
to the ground.

Ryoko: Landing on her head, and knocking her unconscious. The end.

	"Follow me, slut,"  Ayeka told her.  Minagi started to
climb to her feet, but Ayeka stopped her.  "No!  You will not
stand!  Now follow me!"  Minagi's face grew hot at the
humiliation of it and began to crawl after Ayeka, who led her
back to the table and chairs where they had shared lunch not
too long ago.


Zechs: And yet, it seemed like an eternity since the fic was even THAT 
sensible.

	Ayeka turned and sat in a chair.  Minagi knelt before
her, her face turned away as tears ran down her cheeks.  What
had she gotten herself into by accepting that invitation from
Ayeka?

Bryan: A really bad lemon.

	"Well, slut,"  Ayeka said in an imperious voice.  "What
are you waiting for?  Eat me out."  Minagi shook her head
quickly.  Ayeka's riding crop appeared in her hand.  "Now,"
she said with a strong hint of threat in her voice.

Ryoko: I'm gonna have to toughen that girl up a bit. She's way too soft, if 
she's taking this from Ayeka.
Bryan: Hey. Wait. Juraians are only as strong as humans, right? Well, 
Ryoko's strength is much greater. Surely the wine couldn't have sapped that 
as well!
Zechs: No, being in this lemon did that.

	Minagi whimpered and crawled to Ayeka.

Bryan: A paragraph ago, she was kneeling right in front of her. When did she 
move?

She placed her
face between the princess' legs, smelled her scent.  She was
already wet.  Minagi saw her lips through the thick  matte
of purple hair.
	"And don't you dare think of touching yourself while
you work,"  Ayeka told her sternly.  "You've already had your
turn, now you exist for *my* pleasure.  Understand?"

Ryoko: No Hablo.

	"Yes, Oujo sama."  Minagi took a nervous breath and
began.  She felt Ayeka tense, then heard the princess sigh
contentedly.
	"Good, little slut, good.  Just keep doing that."
	Minagi continued to eat the princess out, doing what
she thought *she* would find pleasurable.  Her tongue darted
back and forth, in and out.  Thinking of this, however,
caused her to become wet again, herself.  She looked up at
Ayeka's face and saw that the princess' eyes were closed.

Ryoko: She chose that moment to push the princess over, take the riding 
crop, and beat the little bitch within an inch of her life!!!!!
Vegeta: We wish.

Minagi's hand trailed down to her cleft.  She began to stroke
her own clit slowly, hoping that Ayeka wouldn't catch her,
and at the same time, hoping she *would*.
	She was just beginning to enjoy it when she felt Ayeka
tense.  "What did I tell you about that?!"  Minagi's hand
jerked away from her pussy as if her cunt had burst into
flames.  Ayeka's expression was harsh.  "You filthy slut,"
she accused.

Zechs: Wait, your the one who tied her up, and SHE'S the slut?

	Minagi felt the fear well up again.  "Please, Oujo sama,
I..."
	"SILENCE!  You will have to be punished."  Minagi
began to whimper.  "And who told you to stop!?"  Minagi began
to work on Ayeka's cunt again, even more furiously than
before, hoping to make up for her transgression.  She felt
Ayeka move, lean closer to her.  She heard something whistle
through the air, then a sharp crack as the riding crop struck
her ass.

Bryan: I've had worse.
Vegeta: WHEN?
Bryan: We have a holodeck for a reason, y'know. Now a cat o' nine 
tails...that's really interesting.

	Minagi bit down a cry, a sole tear made its way down
her cheek.  She felt the bite of the crop again, and bit her
lip.  Suddenly, Ayeka had a handful of her hair.  She pulled
Minagi's face up until the girl was looking up into Ayeka
wrathful, purple eyes.

Ryoko: AH HA! It's NOT Ayeka. The princess has crimson eyes! I know. I've 
looked into them enough.
Zechs: So, who has purple hair, purple eyes, and a penchant for S&M?
Bryan: Naga the Serpent?
Vegeta: I've never looked at her eyes, but I doubt they're purple.
Zechs: Well, in any case, we've established that it isn't Ayeka. I mean, 
there was decently prepared food. The eyes are all wrong. She's certainly 
not speaking with that proper language that Ayeka would use. I mean, I've 
heard the song, "Oujosama to oyoubi". Even then, Ayeka was speaking like 
Ayeka.
Ryoko: Soooo, someone impersonated Ayeka to have their way with my sister, 
huh? Oh, when I catch them....And Ayeka will want a piece of them as well. 
They'll meet the REAL oujo-sama then!


	"If you cry out, slut,"  Ayeka told her, "I want to
*hear* it."
	Minagi blinked as more tears ran down her face.
"Y..yes, Oujo sama."
	Ayeka pushed Minagi's head back between her legs.
She lapped at Ayeka's cunt as she heard the riding crop come
down again.  This time, Minagi cried out in pain, as she did
when the crop came down again, and again.  Finally, only
when Minagi was bawling her eyes out, did Ayeka stop.

Bryan: Thank God. I was afraid she'd kill the poor girl.

	Ayeka gasped and grabbed another handful of Minagi's
hair, pushing her closer to her cunt.  The muscles in her
thighs began to spasm.  Suddenly, Ayeka came!  Minagi lapped
up the nectar like a kitten would milk.
	"All of it, slut!  Get it all!"  Ayeka gasped out.
Minagi did her best and managed to get most of it.  Even
so, her lips and chin were covered in cum.  Ayeka had cum
a small river

All: Ick.
.
	She felt Ayeka grab her hair again and pull her up.
Minagi found herself leaning against the princess.  Ayeka
kissed her, once again scouring Minagi's mouth, but this
time, it was for her own juices.

Zechs turns behind the couch and pukes.Vegeta is a bad shade of green, and 
Ryoko is seething.

	After several minutes of kissing, Ayeka released Minagi.
She leaned forward and pushed Minagi to the ground.  Minagi,
having learned the rules of the game, did not try to stand.
She looked up at the princess.
	"Jerk off, slut,"  Ayeka ordered.

Bryan: It's at times like this that I wish I was as much a machine as I try 
to be. Machines don't puke.

	Minagi turned red, but obeyed.  Her fingers found her
clit, and she began massaging it, gently at first, then with
more vigor.  She looked up and saw Ayeka staring down at her.
The thought of the princess watching her as she fucked
herself pushed her over the edge.  She cried out as her
second orgasm took her.  She fell backwards onto the floor
of Ryu-Oh, her fingers still massaging her clit.
	She opened her eyes and saw Ayeka standing over her,
grinning.

	A few minutes later, they were both sitting in one of
the shallow pools of water in Ryu-Oh.  Minagi sat with her
back to Ayeka, whose fingers trailed gently up and down the
young woman's body.  Minagi mewled and snuggled closer to
the princess.
	"Oujo sama?"
                Ayeka smiled.  "Yes?"

Zechs(as Minagi): You know when I get my powers back, I'm gonna kill you for 
this.

	"Can we do that again sometime?"
	Ayeka's smile got wider.  "Of course.  Anytime you like.
You just have to swear never to tell *anyone* of what happens
between the two of us. If you do...I'll have to punish
you...severely."
	A feeling of fear as well as a distinct thrill ran up
her spine.  "Yes, Oujo sama."
	"Good," Ayeka said.  "Very good."  She smiled.  "Now,
then, all I have to do is figure out how to get Ryoko to
have lunch with us."


Ryoko: Note to self. Refuse lunch invitations from Ayeka and Minagi in the 
future.
Bryan: Or make sure that Washuu, Sasami, and the ultimate turn-off, 
Nobiyuki, are there.

	Minagi felt a thrill run through her at that statement.
She sat back and allowed her mind to play with the idea.
	Together, the two drifted off to sleep.

Bryan: Oh, the pain. The pain. Easy stomach. We've handled worse. I don't 
know when, but I know we've handled worse.

	Please send comments and critiques

Zechs: Nukes
Ryoko: Death threats
Vegeta: Our vomit bags
Bryan: And a shred of decency

to:
	James St. John-Smythe at Targeter@otakumail.com and to
	Kazam at kazam@otakumail.com

Rei: You're all free to go. Oh, and someone get a mop up here. I'm never 
watching one of these again, that's for sure.

** as some of you may not know, Ayeka's English voice was provided by 
Jennifer Darling, who, for many years before the series was cancelled, was 
the voice of Smurfette. I just find it amusing.
