The USS Brian Drummond has been properly restored to it's rightful maniac, and 
now, with all of the crew, none of whom are owned by me and are being used, 
without permission, please don't sue as I'm not making any money on it and it's 
out of love of the characters, are now back in line, the mission to mock is back 
underway.

Bryan: Well, we have a new crew member.
Ed: Hi! Nicetomeetcha! >Does a headstand< Accelerate. Dinnertime.
Bryan: Her name is Radical Edward...I think. She hails from Cowboy Bebop, and is 
the only person I know crazy enough to actually volunteer to work with me.
Ed: >smiling< Nutcase. Yes. WeberMST, the most degrading work for an anime 
character...outside of Sasami Lemons that is. >climbs to the top of her chair 
and perches like a bird<
Bryan: You will answer for this, Vegeta.
Vegeta: >smirk< Behave, or Clayton Overstreet's "Hunt" will become a reality, 
geek boy.
Bryan: Right. Like you had any better luck during the Renegade MSTs.

Rei: We have fanfic. I repeat, we have fanfic.

Roll Call:
Bryan: "Why did I want this ship back again?"
Vegeta: "I'm not bad. I'm just drawn that way."
Ed: "Edward is hungry."
Zechs: "I've got a feeling this is going to be ugly."
Ryoko: "How bad can it get? We're out of the brig."

And ship's pilot and morale officer, Rei Ayanami: "Abandon all hope, Ye who 
enter within."


I don't own these characters or profit from them

Bryan: I said that already.
Vegeta: This is the fanfic disclaimer, not yours, dork.
Ryoko: Go easy on him, Vegeta. He did have to sit through that last lemon you 
made us watch. Which reminds me...>Ryoko blasts Vegeta< DON'T DO THAT AGAIN!


A sequel to Negotiations with a fan fic writer
By, Clayton Overstreet

Bryan: I remember what happened the LAST time he negotiated with me.
Ed: Mayuka fic. Very bad. Icky.
Zechs: You got that right, kiddo.

  Aeka rocked back and forth in her chair in the Toonami lunchroom,

Vegeta: I've got to stop eating there, really. They'll let anyone in, even 
people who's shows aren't on Toonami anymore.
Bryan: So...you weren't the one flirting with Lisa Hayes yesterday?
Ed: Admiral Hayes. SDF-3. Pretty like Faye Faye.
Ryoko: Bryan, did this girl suffer blunt force trauma to the head recently?
Bryan: Nope. She's like this normally.

hugging
her legs. "I did not see that, I did not see that, I did not..." She had
been doing the same mantra since Weber had returned her from the MST of
'Mayuka gets it'.

Bryan: That was months ago!
Vegeta: Now you know what those of us in the lunchroom have to put up with.

  Tenchi looked at Vegita. "Was it really that bad?"

Vegeta: Worse.
Ed: Icky icky lemon.
Ryoko: You didn't even read it.
Bryan: Actually, she's read everything in the archive already.

  Vegita nodded and smirked. "Yeah, but I think what really got to her was
when she actually said that you wouldn't have sex with your own flesh and
blood. Bryan made fun of her about it."

Zechs: She thought THAT was the worst part? Did she have her eyes closed?!

  Ryoko smiled and put her arm around Tenchi. "Well at least she finally got
the point."

Ed: >touching Vegeta's hair< Pointy. Pointy head, Vegeta.
Vegeta: Don't touch my head, kid. I'm a Prince.
Ed: Oh, you spent too much time as a frog before the princess kissed you. Oh, 
tragedy. >weeps<
Others: >Snort chuckle<
Vegeta: THAT'S NOT FUNNY!

  Aeka frowned and looked up at her. "You shut up. All you had to do was
play cards with the Rei girl."

Ryoko: You have no idea how hard it is knowing someone who doesn't eat at the 
Toonami lunchroom, either. I have to explain to people that I know someone who 
isn't edited or forced to wear a swimsuit for the t.v. broadcasts.
Rei(on Speakers): At least your show actually airs.

  Ryoko smiled and nodded. "For which I will be eternaly grateful to Roger
Smith. Whatever happened to him anyway?"

Bryan: He got his.

  Washu shrugged. "Weber sent him the dimension tuner before making you
vanish. Now they're talking about either putting him in an asylum, or giving
Weber custody over him for MSTs."


Bryan: Why would I want him? I already have Zechs for the classy wit.
Zechs: Lucky me.

  Sasami sighed. "Poor bastard." The she covered her mouth and blushed.

Ed: She looks like me, now. >Sits on Vegeta's shoulders< Princess Sasami. All 
hail the Queen of Cute.

  Ryo-oki meowed and Ryoko said, "No, you won't ever be taken like us for
that, you can't talk."

Bryan: That didn't stop Psychomatic Poet from using a cabbit.

  Washu shook her head. "I don't know what you are so upset about Aeka. I've
read worse fics than that one."

Bryan: I know. I've been there for a few of those myself.

  Aeka sneered. "I doubt it, but if you're so into this stuff, maybe he'll
use you when he does 'Yosho the man who rapes young boys' or whatever it's
called."

Bryan: Never in a million years will I go anywhere near a fic that proclaims how 
bad it is from the title again.
Zechs: So we won't be doing Washu's Erotic Torture Chamber?
Ed: Creepy.
Vegeta: Not if Weber knows what's good for him, we won't be.

  Ryoko grinned, "And just how do you know about that princess?"
  Vegita grinned. "Oh she wouldn't of course. I believe her exact
description oh herself was 'as pure as the driven snow?'"

Zechs: Unlike someone we know.
Ryoko: Watch it, mecha-boy.

  Washu, Kiyone, and Mihoshi instantly burst out laughing. Ryoko however,
just smirked and said, "I believe her."

Ryoko: I do, too.
Ed: Ayeka. Looooooooong hair.

  They all looked at her in shock. "You do?"
  Ryoko nodded. "Yeah, didn't you read those other Clayton Overstreet fics?
Until we explained it to her she still thought sex involved clouds and
rain."

Bryan: I'm almost certain I've seen that line somewhere.
Ed: Suzuki.
Vegeta: Oh, yeah. I remember now. >shudder< Our first lemon to be MSTed.


  Aeka blushed. "I..." She stopped talking. There was no real way out of
this. "I hate you Ryoko."

Ryoko: Oh, you just say the sweetest things, Princess.

  Ryoko smiled. "I know."
  Mihoshi looked sad. "Will you two please stop fighting?"
  Kiyone nodded. "Yeah Aeka, atleast he doesn't use your private life for
lemons."

Bryan: Are Mihoshi and Kiyone really gay?
Vegeta: I dunno. People thought Ed was a transvestite in one episode.
Ed: Transexual Transylvania. Rocky Horror. >Yawn< Edward is hungry.

  Tenchi smiled. "She's got you there Aeka."
  Sasami giggled and pet Ryo-oki. "Well I thought his stories were cute."
  Vegita looked over his shoulder. "Excuse me for a minute. It's time for
Superman's weekly beating. Trunks!"

Bryan: Oh man! I told you about that. You're going to get us in trouble, again.
Vegeta: It's good for the big weenie. Builds character.

  They watched Vegita and his sun chase down Clark Kent. They had been
beating him on a weekly basis ever since he'd tried to stop Vegita from
blasting a vending machine.

Vegeta: When I hit the button for a Snickers, I damn well want a Snickers.
Zechs: Perhaps you should try putting money in the slot, first.
Vegeta: What fun would that be?
Ed: Foooooooood.
Ryoko: Ed, we'll eat when the MST is over. Calm down.
Ed: >wailing< Ed is hungry. Ed is hungry.
Bryan: Ed, you're always hungry. You're worse than Goku.

  Ignoring the girlish screams of pain from the four eyed geek of a
Kryptonian Ryoko said, "It wouldn't be so bad if the makers of the show
would just finish it! I mean in Tenchi Forever, Aeka gave up, Tenchi said I
was the only one who understood him, and still we didn't kiss. I just hope
the 3rd OAV can do better."

Bryan; Have to wait until the end of Tenchi Muyo: GXP, first.
Vegeta: I can't read the site. Who are those two other cops.
Bryan: I dunno. I suspect the short-cut blonde is Ryoko.

  "She has a point." Kiyone said. "I mean we know they aren't going to have
Mihoshi and my's relationship public but they should get Tenchi and Ryoko
out of the way."

Bryan: I'm still not convinced that they're gay.
Ed: Ed is confused.


  Aeka sighed and nodded. "I'll admit it even I am getting a bit tired of
it. I mean... oh no. Don't look now but it's those Gundam and Voltron guys."

Zechs: I would never hang out with the Voltron guys.

  They all averted their eyes as what had been dubbed "those giant robot
jerks" walked by.

Zechs: Are they really calling us that?
Ed: Be happy your show isn't missing episodes, like Ed's.
Bryan: Given what they got away with on Adult Swim, I think they can now air 
Evangelion uncut.

They had been at each other's throats since their shows
had been canceled and Washu had tried using their robots for spare parts.

Zechs: I really had to get on her about that.

In
fact the only two that they could stand were Shiro and Ina from the 8th MS
team. Even Vegita liked them,

Vegeta: It's a dirty lie! I don't like anyone.


admiring Shiro loosing his leg in battle.
  Once they were past Sasami looked around. "Have any of you seen Sakura and
Madison around?" She had been playing with the girls from card captor
recently.

Bryan: I never did watch that show. And then there was that Madison girl with 
her camcorder.
Ryoko: I think her proper name is Tomoyo.
Bryan: I did say I hadn't seen it.
Ed: Bad dub. Renaming characters. Even more episodes missing than Ed's show. And 
Tomoyo is gay.
Bryan: I'll just take your word for it, Ed.
Zechs: I think it's rubbish. Like the whole Kiyone/ Mihoshi thing. Besides, 
Sakura is busy fighting off advances from that Moroboshi guy.
Bryan: We're not talking about Urusei Yatsura, Zechs. It's not that Sakura.
Zechs: Wanna bet?
Others: >shudder<
Ed: Ed knew Moroboshi was perverted, but she didn't know he was THAT perverted.


Ryo-oki seemed to think Kero was a hunk.

Ryoko: She always did have weird taste.

  "I think they were going over to the limited animation section to screw
with Brak's head again. If you hurry you might catch them." Kiyone said.
Sasami giggled and ran off with Ryo-oki

Bryan: It's possible to screw with Brak's head more than it is?
.
  Mihoshi looked around the room. "You know this plac egets weirder every
time they add a new show. Remember when Sailor moon used to be on? Now they
even have Reboot back up again instead of us."

Zechs: It could have something to do with Reboot having new episodes, and you 
not.
Bryan: Well, they can still air Pretty Sammy.
Ryoko: Oh no they can't. The Sammy OAV was dubbed, but the series never was.

  "Can you blame them? I mean there are only so many times people will sit
through reruns before giving up. Look what happened to Dragon Ball Z."

Vegeta: We're STILL airing new episodes. So what does he mean by THAT crack?

Tenchi said. "Maybe we'll be on again later like what happened with those
Outlaw Star guys."
  They looked over to where Gene Starwind was talking to Spike from Cowboy
Bebop.

Bryan: Two bounty hunters without a brain in the bunch.
Ed: Ed is telling!
Bryan: >Produces a donut< If I give you this, will you keep quiet?
Ed: You can't bribe Ed.
Bryan: What if I give you the whole box?
Ed: Deal.


Ryoko lay back and put her feet up. "I think we're all just on edge.
Let's skip over to the villain's area again and beat a few up like last
week. I bet Vegita would freak if we beat Buu up."

Vegeta: Go ahead. I'd love to see you get turned into a cookie.

  Just then Freakazoid ran through the room buck naked and screaming loudly.
Everyone turned to watch in surprise. Washu sighed and shook her head. "I
knew combining with the WB was a bad idea."

Bryan: But I LIKE Freakazoid.

  Kiyone shook her head. "We're going to an anime cop convention. I've been
stalked by some guy named Ketran lately and I figured it would be a way to
ditch him."
  Ryoko grabbed Tenchi, Aeka, and Washu. "Come on let's get going before
Goku beats us there!" She teleported them away.

Vegeta: Kakarotto's not into wholesale carnage. Now, me, on the other hand...

The end

Author's note

  I figured "Why not?" and did this.

Bryan: Why not? Why not?!
Ed: Never ask a silly question.


Any comments email me at
clayton_n@hotmail.com


Bryan: We'll just MST you instead. Well. That's all the time we have today, 
kids. Sayonara.






