Disclaimer: I don't own the characters I'm using. They are the property of 
their respective owners and are used without permission. Please don't sue. 
This is not for profit, and it's done out of love of the characters. A 
special thanks must also go out to Peter Suzuki, who helped with one of the 
characters.

The USS Brian Drummond floats through the cosmos. On the bridge, Bryan Weber 
sits thoughtfully.
"Rei, you found the device that Smith put in the theater?" (See Clayton 
Overstreet's Negotiations with a fanfic writer...)
"Yes."
"It's removed?"
"Yes. Does this mean you will be using Ryoko for the MST after all?"
"Of course not. I made a promise, and I keep my promises. But I also don't 
want Smith thinking he outmaneuvered me. Rei, use the interdimensional 
oscillator and send the device to Roger Smith and Dorothy. And then grab 
Ryoko."
"I though you said you wouldn't use her."
"I won't. But the device won't trigger unless she vanishes. You and she can 
play cards up here on the bridge. And y'know what. Get Ayeka. I still need 
an insider perspective of the Tenchi world to MST this thing."

Ayeka appears at the entrance to the fanfic theater.
"Excuse me, who are you people and how did I get here?"
"...kiss you down your...Noin? Oh great. NICE TIMING! I was having a private 
moment with Noin! You know, thanks to you, another MSTer has begun abducting 
her as well!"
"Permit me to introduce you to Zechs Merquise. Um...Zechs, you want a towel 
or something to cover that?"
"Grrrrr."
"Two hands there, Zechs," Vegeta says, walking up.
"This is Prince Vegeta. He's..."
"Uncie Vegeta!" Ayeka ran over and hugged Vegeta.
"Uncie Vegeta?" Bryan and Zechs both looked at each other.
"Family friend type uncle," Vegeta explained, "Not relative uncle."
"The Saiya-jin and the Juraian empires are under a peace treaty," Ayeka 
said, "Daddy and Vegeta have been friends forever. But who are you?"
"Well, I'm Bryan Weber, captain of the MST ship Brian Drummond."
Ayeka points, "I know you! You're the maniac who MSTs all of Peter's work."
Bryan bowed, "The same."
"I suppose I have escaped the lunacy of Anime Port #9 only to find myself in 
a worse predicament."
Bryan, "HEY! I will not stand for that kind of insult!"
Bryan sat down in a chair.
"Huh?"
"He's sitting for it," Zechs moaned.
"Attention everyone. The fanfic is about to start," Rei's voice called over 
the comm..


Roll Call:

Bryan Weber: "No anime character is gonna get the best of ME in my own 
theater."
Prince Vegeta: "Is there no end to your madness!?"
Zechs Merquise: "All I ask is one night. One stinking night to be alone with 
my girlfriend."
Ayeka Jurai: "This promises to be aggravating."

Ships pilot, Rei Ayanami: "We're on auto pilot. Card game in progress."

Ayeka: So, precisely what are we viewing here today.

     Tenchi finally makes it back to the Masaki household, but Mayuka runs
him over trying to greet him at the door.

Mayuka:   Daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy!!  I'm so glad that daddy's back!!
Tenchi:   Ouch...  Mayuka.  You weigh a ton!
Mayuka:   Did you bring me anything, daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy?!
Tenchi:   [That Mayuka is so cute...  AAAARGH!!  I'M NO PEDOPHILE!!]
          Uh...  No, I didn't.  Sorry.

Ayeka: "10-chi Clan and the Quickies?!" I have already MSTed this drivel!
Bryan: So have we. This is the author's lead into his/her/its own work.
Vegeta: This scene >blurp< Why did it have to be this scene?

Mayuka:   Awww...  Well, that's okay!  Daddy can give me something else!
          Right, daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy?!! ^0^
     [SHWING!!  AAAAAHH!! NOT WITH HER!!]
Mayuka:   Oh, what a big thing you got between your legs,
          daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy!! [Massages her hand over the bulge in
          his pants.]
Tenchi:   [The better to fuck your...] AAAARGH!!  No, Mayuka!  I can't...
Aw,
          fuck it!

Ayeka: Lord Tenchi is NOT a pedophile!
Vegeta: And you and Ryoko aren't seeing each other on the side?
Ayeka: Excuse me? What are you insinuiating?
(Shied generators begin to appear around Vegeta)
Vegeta: Bring it on, Princess. I can take whatever you can dish out.
BRZAP
(A smoldering Vegeta sits down again.)
Vegeta: Then again, maybe not.
Bryan: So much for that peace treaty...
Ayeka: Oh, we do this all the time.

     Tenchi's animalistic urges take over once again.  He frees his mighty
Johnson
and pounds the living daylights out of his own blood relative.  Mayuka howls
outworldishly as she feels herself get banged and filled and violated
repeatedly for
minutes on end...
     [SPLURRRTT!!]
     An uncontrollable shockwave hits Tenchi as he empties his seed into
her.

Zechs: Oooooooo. Do we have to start out an MST with drivel that we've 
already seen?
Bryan: Hang in there, Zechs. Hang in there!

And he keeps on filling her; he's unable to stop his torrent of semen
squirting from
out of his manhood.

Vegeta: What manhood?
Ayeka: I must insist that you take that back right now!
Vegeta: Gonna make me, Princess.
BRZAP-KAPWING-BRZAP
Ayeka: Ow.
Vegeta: Had my own ki field up that time.
Bryan: You two play nice, or else.
Vegeta: Or else what?
(Bryan Goes super-sayajin and a series of black shield generators appear 
around both Vegeta and Ayeka.)
Bryan: Remember, if you can do it, and you're on this ship, I can do it.
Ayeka: Perhaps we should sit and be silent, Prince Vegeta.
Vegeta: My sentiments exactly, Princess.

  It ends up spilling from out of the lucious daughter's
pussy
and onto the floor.


Ayeka: Does this theatre provide vomit bags?
Zechs: Under the seats.
Ayeka: Thank you.

Mayuka:   Oooooohhh...  That was the greatest, daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy!!
          Let's do this again and again and again and again, forever and
ever and
          ever, daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy!!

Tenchi:   I'm going to hell for this...  I just know I'm going to hell for
this...

-=**=-

The man blinks as he goes through Shinji's discarded notes.

Zechs: I take it we've just exited the setup?
Vegeta: What are you talking about? We're still in here. This whole thing 
was a setup.

"Oh, what is this? a Mayuka Lemon?"
The mans laughter can be heard miles across as he continues to make a fool
of himself.

Ayeka: Well, if he is enjoying a Mayuka lemon, then a fool he most certainly 
is.
Vegeta: Hey, that's great Yoda-speak, Princess.
Bryan: Do you ever give anyone an iota of respect?
Vegeta: I haven't killed you yet.
Zechs: It'll have to do.


Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo belongs to Pioneer and so does
my perverted fantasies.

Ayeka: Pioneer does not WANT your perverted fantasies!
Bryan: We don't either.
Vegeta: I want my mommy!

CREDITS:
My most sincere adorations to Shinji Ikari the original author.

Rei(on Speakers): Shinji-kun did NOT write this.
Bryan: 10 o'clock Assassin, Rei, not your Shin-chan.
Rei: Whew.


Without you
I wouldn't have thought about this.

Bryan: Way to go, 10 o' Clock! You had to go and give someone a sick idea!
Ayeka: Not even Peter gave away ideas this sick.
Zechs: Not even the Tsunami bonding lemon?
Ayeka: How was he supposed to know someone would write that tripe?


tyree3@pacbell.net

             *******************

Ayeka: "My God. It's full of stars."
Bryan: Um, Ayeka, we don't do page-break jokes here. They're overdone.
Vegeta: Besides, what sort of idiot makes fun of how someone sets up a page 
break?
BRZZZZAP!
Vegeta: I hate you.
Ayeka: I see myself losing sleep over it already.


  10-CHI CLAN "The Quickies' Directors Cut"

Zechs: Can we just cut the director instead?
Vegeta: Now you're talking my language.
Ayeka: I did not hear any profanities.


               Mayuka Gets it.

Ayeka: WHAT!?
Zechs: You interrupted a date with Noin to show me someone's incest lemon? 
I'd rather sit through a yaoi Gundam fic involving me than go through this!
Bryan: Aw. You guessed next week's project.
Zechs: I feel ill all of a sudden...
Vegeta: I know what you mean, Zechs.


            *******************

Entering the Masaki Residence Tenchi is preoccupied with finding
some solution to his problem,

Vegeta: Sorry, Tenchi, but you have to be eighteen to buy a penis 
enlargement.
Ayeka: That was so crude, I am almost too sick to shock you.
BRZZZZAP. BRZZZAP.
Ayeka: Almost.
Vegeta: Too bad ya warned me it was coming.


some way out of it.
His train of thought,

Zechs: Derailed at the station.
Ayeka: Do I have to teach you a lesson as well?
Ayeka pulls out a whip and cracks it in the air.
Bryan: Damn! I can't copy that. It's not a biological ability.
Zechs: Hmmm. Noin's whip has barbs on the end.
Others: We didn't need to know!

however, is abruptly cut of as his daughter jumps him
in the empty hallway.

Vegeta: (as Mayuka): Tag! You're it!

Mayuka: Daddy, daddy, your home

Ayeka: Yes, Mayuka dear. His home.
Zecchs: What about his home?

I missed you so much!

Vegeta: Take a targeting course, then.
Ayeka: That is not funny.

Daddy!

Overbalanced by her unexpected weight Tenchi stumbles into the wall.

Bryan: BONK.

Tenchi: Ouch... Mayuka. You  weigh a ton!

Vegeta: Wimp.
Ayeka: Stop insulting Lord Tenchi!

Tenchi sets her down, all to aware of his bulging pants.

Ayeka: (with bullhorn): THAT SHOULD BE "ALL TOO AWARE!"
Bryan: (Holding ears): When did you bring that here?
Zechs: (as Tenchi): Damnit. My pants are bulging. I knew I should have 
bought them in a smaller size.

Damnit, gotta get out of here if Mayuka notices it she will
wonder what is up with me, maybe think I  am ill or something.

Bryan: Oh God. Grammar to rival Tank Cop's worst.
Ayeka: On that, I will agree with you.

Tenchi: Eh, Mayuka.. uh

Mayuka: OH, Daddy bring me present?

Bryan: AH HA! Shampoo is playing the part of Mayuka in this fic!
Zechs: That Amazon does seem to do a lot of guest-starring in these lemons, 
doesn't she.
Ayeka: What I do not understand is why she keeps trying to kiss me. If I had 
know that defeating her in combat would have made her so enamored, I would 
not have shocked her in the first place.
Bryan: Vegeta, you wanna tell her, or shall I?
Vegeta: Let her figure it out for herself.

Mayuka sees the bulge in his pants and tries to get her hands
into his pockets.

Vegeta: Tenchi! Guard your wallet!

Mayuka: Come on, daddy! I know you are hiding something.
I'm a big girl, daddy! ^.^0

Tenchi: uh, yeah.. eh look Mayuka eh.you just wait here and
I will be back with a present. Okay?

Bryan: I don't recall Tenchi being a liar.
Ayeka: There is a reason for that.

Tenchi decides to make a run for it.

Vegeta: Run, Tenchi. Run.

Damn these hormones, they would kill him yet one of these days.

Vegeta: I know all about hormones, and I never once found my own flesh and 
blood desireable.
Ayeka: Lord Tenchi is not a pervert!

Leaving his daughter behind with a puzzled look on her face

Bryan: Nothing new for her.
BRZZAP. CRACK!
Bryan: ow.
Ayeka: That happens to be my niece you are talking about, you ...you...twit!

Tenchi runs out of the house as fast as he can,

Zechs: Run, run, as fast as you can. You'll not catch me, I'm the 
gingerbread man.

almost tripping
over his own feet. After several minutes of running he stops
exhausted, and looks at his suroundings.

Ayeka: Missing an "r", are we?
Zechs: Why is it that lemon-writers can never be bothered with Spell-Check?

A cornfield,

Vegeta: That's different.
Bryan: I hope he's watching out for He Who Walks Among the Rows.
Ayeka: You are a Stephen King fan, are you not?
Bryan: More or less.

he was surounded

Ayeka: That "r" still is not there. Tsk tsk.

by
kilometers after kilometers of corn.

Ayeka: And now there is an "s" that should not be there. Kilometer after 
kilometer is the proper way to say it.
Bryan: When did you become an English professor?
Ayeka: Standard Princess training. I have to speak properly, no matter the 
language.
Vegeta: Funny. I never got training like that, and I'm a Prince.
Ayeka: Prince of fools.
Zechs: Remind me again, why do I come here?
Bryan: I don't give you a choice in the matter.
Zechs: Ah. Right.


He blinks.
A cornfield?!

Vegeta: That's what we've been led to believe so far.

He couldn't remember ever seeing this field here
before, when had it been planted?

Bryan: March is the best time for planting corn.

Never mind about the cornfield,

Bryan: Oh. Shucks.
Ayeka: That was bad. That was very, very bad.
Bryan: What? Can't take the Pun-ishment?
Vegeta: I'm with Ayeka. You knock that off, right now.

it wasn't as if it was of any real
importance he had enough on his mind alread.

Ayeka: Another run-on sentence! I am losing count.

He had to find a present or
something for Mayuka, going back on his word was out of the question.

Bryan: The punctuation is terrible.
BLAM!
Bryan(charred): WHAT!? That was a legitamate protest! I didn't stress the 
"pun" in "Punctuation!"
Vegeta(sheepishly): Oops.
Bryan: Yeah, I'll give YOU an oops.

Finding a present in a cornfield, no problem..

Zechs: Maybe he could make a corncob pipe.
Others (singing): and a button nose and two eyes made out of coal!

Tenchi slashes a plant causing it to fly away,

Bryan: "Fly me to the moon, and let me play among the stars..."
BRZAP!
Ayeka: I am sick of that song!
BRZAP!
Ayeka: (charred): Huh?
Rei(on Speakers): You say one bad word about Sinatra again, I'll AT Field 
you into the middle of a Peter Suzuki Lemon!
Vegeta: Oooo! Ayeka on Ryoko action. Awoooooooooo!
Ayeka: Do not push your luck, Saiya-jin scumbag.
Zechs: Jeez. She's just like Ryoko!

when had this field been
planted?

Bryan: Oh, no. You told us to nevermind the cornfield. Ain't that right, 
guys?
Ayeka: Why, yes. I recall reading that as well.
Vegeta: I saw it too.
Zechs: As did I.


He was sure it hadn't existed before he arrived here.
Being to caught

Ayeka: That should be "too".
Bryan: Probably educated in an American school.
Zechs: So were you.
Bryan: Yeah, but the difference is, I PAID ATTENTION!

up in his own train of thought, Tenchi doesnt

Ayeka: The apostrophe apparently decided to abandon this work before it got 
too bad.

notice his
attacker before its to late

Ayeka: After this, I am giving up on grammar correction for this fic. That 
should be "before it's too late."
Bryan: Geez. And I thought I was religious about this sort of thing.

that is he doesn't notice her before she has her
arms tightly wrapped around him traping

Bryan: How do you go about traping someone?
Vegeta: Either there's a "p" missing, or a "t" that shouldn't be there.

him in a bear hug as they both
colapses

Bryan: Wrong spelling and tense.

on teh ground. Ryoko?.

Ayeka: MISS RYOKO! YOU UNHAND MY LORD TENCHI THIS MINUTE!
Bryan: A bit obsessive, no?

Mayuka: Aw, come on daddy I told you you
couldn't hide anything from me.

Vegeta: Not even himself, apparently.

Tenchi slowly gets to his feet Mayuka still clinging to him trying to get
into his pockets.

Zechs: (as Gollum): What has it got in its pocketeses, my 
preciousssssssssss.
Bryan: I know you're stoked about the Lord of the Rings Trilogy finally 
coming to the big screen, but geez, man, control yourself!

His pants bulge some more.
<Mayuka is such a sweet girl. Damnit, I wish she wasn't,
this is getting out of hand>

Bryan: Next thing you know, she'll be abducting family members and sending 
them to otherworldly dimensions.

Tenchi: Listen here Mayuka... Hey.. HEY wha what are you doing!?!

Mayuka had worked her way over to Tenchi's front unbuttoning his pants.
Tenchi started feeling the cold fire of his own sweat burn on his skin.

Vegeta: Please tell me this leads into a spontaneous human combustion scene.
Ayeka: We should be so lucky.

Tenchi: MAYUKA, STOP IT! WHAT ARE YOU DOING!

Mayuka: huh..?

Mayuka seems suddenly taken aback by Tenchi's shouting and a moment later
she in crouching on the ground sobbing.

Bryan: OOC?
Ayeka: Most definitely.

Mayuka: Why are you shouting daddy? I only wanted wanted

Ayeka: Is it just me, or is there an echo in here?

the present you
were hiding.

Tenchi: eh.. heh eh.. listen here Mayuka I .. you see uh..
<aww hell, I cant really tell her that I never had
a present after saying I did. but I cant let
this go on for much longer. the hell am I going to do?>

Ayeka passes out.
Bryan: Wow. The bad grammar took its toll on her.
Zechs: Let her sleep.
Vegeta: Waking her could do more harm than good.
Bryan: As much as I'd like to take you up on your advice, it's out of my 
hands, remember?
Vegeta: You mean you installed the system?
Bryan: Yep. When the bio-monitors sense that she's out cold, they'll respond 
by...
SPLASH
Ayeka: COLD!!!
Bryan:Splashing her with ice water.
Ayeka: Who is responsible for this?!
(Vegeta and Zechs point at Bryan)
Bryan: WAITAMINUTE! You guys insisted I install that after I passed out 
once!
Ayeka(Too sweetly): Bryan, come here a moment.
Bryan: No way, man!
(Ayeka pursues Bryan with her whip.)                                         
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                nchi, still sobbing.

Tenchi: eh.. aw DAMN!

Ayeka: You can not run away forever!
Bryan: Bet me! (goes Super-Saiya-jin and flies to the ceiling) Nyah nyah! 
Can't get me up here!


Tenchi falls to his knees on the ground, felling a little like sobbing
himself

Zechs(as Tenchi): Why...why do I have to be in a lemon?

< What is wrong with me?> Seeing Mayuka's sad eyes he turns around not able
to face them.
< It's all this damn sex with the Ryoko and the others.

Ayeka: ????
Bryan: Uh-oh!
Ayeka: >sniff sniff< Lord Tenchi....


It has finaly
screwed my mind.  I cant behave properly around girls anymore, so how am I
supposed to be a good father to my daughter?>

Vegeta: Put her up for adoption.
Ayeka: Your credentials as a parent are  not a gleaming testimonial, either, 
Vegeta.
Vegeta: Hey, my son is RUNNING Capsule Corp. now. Tell me that my tough love 
had nothing to do with that.
Bryan: Is that why he jumps out the window?

Mayuka: don't cry daddy..

Mayuka strokes a tear away from his cheek he never even knew had been
there.
< I never asked for this. All I ever wanted was a normal childhood, and a
normal life.

Bryan: Define normal, please. I have yet to see it anywhere.
Ayeka: Given YOUR childhood, I am not surprised.
Bryan: What the hell do YOU know about MY childhood, Miss "I wanna marry my 
brother"?
Ayeka: I read "No Need For Grief".
Zechs: She's got you there.

Mayuka.. the poor girl... NO I have to be a good father to her,
I cant abandon her now.
Maybe I can give her the happines I myself missed out on when my mother
left this world, maybe I can give my daoughter the childhood
I never had got..>

Bryan: While you're at it, see to it that she gets the education the author 
never got, too.
Ayeka: (giggle)


Tenchi: Mayuka.. it's my fault.. I..

Vegeta(as Tenchi): I'm a hopeless wimp who runs away from girls.
BRZAP!
Vegeta(charred): I'm not one bit sorry.
BRZAP!
Vegeta: Shock me all you want, it will not change my opinion.
Bryan: Forget it, Ayeka. Vegeta is into sadomasochism. He enjoys pain.
Ayeka(eager look on face): Really?
Vegeta: I'm spoken for.
Ayeka: Shucks.

He clasps the hand she was stroking his cheek with and turns around to face
her, still on his knees.
No she was hardly a child any more. But even if she had the age and body of
a 15-16 year old girl,

Zechs: ...she would still be underage.

mentally she was still a child.

Bryan: That describes most of the fifteen and sixteen year old girls I know.

Tenchi: .. Mayuka you know I love you I .. There
isn't any present .. I..
<I love her> That is .. <I love her... I.. >

More cold sweat forms at the base of his neck. <This isn't right>
Mayuka had stopped to cry and instead a brilliant smile appears on her face.
< NO AAARGH I cant .. I CANT HAVE THEESE FEELINGS!
its unhealthy Damn Ryoko and the others DAMN THEM ALL!>

Ayeka: Oh no you do not! Do not go blaming Ryoko for your pedophilic 
tendencies!


Mayuka: Oh, daddy I'm so happy you love me. Its
the best gift you could neverever give me!

Bryan: Can we please knock off  the lousy grammar? Please?

Tenchi feels a sudden chill as his daughter hugs him. <Nothing wrong with
her hugging me I am her father aft.. eergh..>
As his little girl hugs him Tenchi can feel his member trying to escape,

Vegeta(as Tenchi's member): Get me out of here before he makes me do 
anything improper!

pressing hard against Mayukas leg. <not again>
Trying to pry her away from him as gently as he could he prayed a silent
prayer she wouldn't..

Ayeka: What are they implying about my Lord Tenchi?!

Mayuka eyes widen in surprise.

Mayuka: Daddy, you do hide something from me in your pants!

Zechs: So, after Ranma dumped her, starring as other characters in lemons is 
the only work Shampoo could get?
Bryan: That's not the worst of it. I wanted to MST some Ranma lemons, too. 
Do you know how many people pair her up with Ukyo.
RING
Rei: Phone for you, Bryan.
Bryan: Hello?
Ukyo: Hi, I'm just calling from the JEDRI. Listen, about the whole 
Shampoo/Ukyo Lemon thing, BRING UP THAT DISGUSTING TRIPE AGAIN AND THEY'LL 
BE SCRAPING YOU OFF MY SPATULA!!!
>CLICK<
Bryan: She was a bit miffed...

Before her father could even start to react, one of her hands dives into
his pants.

Vegeta: And it's a swan dive with a half-gator.
(Ayeka holds up a scorecard with a 0.2 written on it)

Its Tenchi's turn to make big eyes.
Mayuka makes a repeat performance as she sees exactly what her father hid
in his pants.

Vegeta: So, she didn't know they came that small either.
Ayeka: YOU TAKE THAT BACK THIS INSTANT!

Mayuka: ....!! Never knew.

Ayeka(as Jodie Foster): I had no idea. I never knew. No words...
Bryan: Let me guess. You liked Contact.
Vegeta: I have to agree with Mr. Garrison. I did not sit through that film 
just so I could find out the alien was her Goddamned father!

. What is this daddy?

Bryan(as Tenchi): Underwear.

Tenchi swallows feeling the sudden urge to faint as his girl still holds
his mighty oak in her hands.

Bryan: When did she grab a tree?
Vegeta: Are you seriously that dense?
Bryan: No. I'm just doing my best to brace my stomach against where this is 
obviously going.

<run tenchi run!> <what  with my pants down?>
Mayuka starts to look a little pensive as he doesn't answer her.

Zechs: No. Rei is pensive. Mayuka is probably just perplexed.
Rei(on Speakers): How many times do I have to tell you, don't drag me into 
these things.

Mayuka: Daddy don't hide anything from me you
know I don't like that..
What is this? how come you have one and I don't?

Bryan(as kid from Kindergarten Cop): Boys have a penis, and girls have a 
vagina.
Ayeka: Surely someone would have pulled Mayuka aside and informed her about 
basic biology by then.

Tenchi: uh.. <This is to much>
Mayuka.. daddy has this cause he's daddy

Vegeta: Not that he used it to become a daddy.
Bryan: Oh, sure, you have a one night stand, and suddenly you're the big 
shot.
Zechs: That's what HE thinks, anyway.
Vegeta: Oh, like you can do better, Peacecraft.
Ayeka: You know, listening to you pride yourselves on your manhood is very 
amusing, but I do not think it's fair to subject me to your...shortcomings.
Zechs: That's hitting below the belt!
Bryan: Literally.

. <phew got out of that one ok.. why
isnt she letting go?>

Mayuka: huh? But why? Explain!

Bryan: She sounds like one of those alien women from that one episode of 
Star Trek.
Vegeta( as alien from Spock's Brain): Brain, brain, brain! What is Brain?

unconsciously stroking his organ, she shoots him a pleading look.

Bryan(as Mayuka): Please say we can get out of this story now.

Mayuka: please? Please daddy? please?

Ayeka: Well, seems she is in agreement with you, Bryan.

Tenchi: Mayuka.. I ..
<I gotta get the hell outa here.

Vegeta: Tenchi's all for it, too. So why isn't it over?

. ah .. damnit if she could only stop
stroking it>

Bryan: Urp.
Vegeta: You gonna spew?
Bryan: Real close now.

.. that is to say you eh.. you make baby's with
these <cant believe I just said that>

Ayeka: I share in your disbelief.

Mayuka lets go of his highly aroused member and embraces him sobbing once
again.

Vegeta(as Mayuka): Please, I don't want to do what the author has planned!

Tenchi: Mayuka why, why are you crying?

Bryan(as Mayuka): Because we're stuck in a really perverted fanfic.

He strokes her hair gently trying to ignore the fact that his cock
is free and pressing against her dress,

Guys(shielding their eyes): Geez, put that thing away, will ya!

trying to ignore that his feelings
are only getting fuelled by her closeness.

Bryan: Vegeta, vomit bag please.
Vegeta: Here's your vomit bag.
Bryan: Hey, I got jipped. There's none in mine!

Mayuka: But I want to make babies, daddy. They are so cute.

Tenchi: No Mayuka you don't understand..

Mayuka: I promise daddy I would take good care of them. I would feed them
play with them, bathe them, play with them. Please daddy I want to make
babies.

Bryan: Sounds more like she's ready to care for a pet dog or cat.

Tenchi kisses her gently on her forehead, a fathers kiss nothing more.

Vegeta: After all that, I find that hard to believe.

Mayuka.. why did she have to make things so difficult. Damn these urges, it
was just the hormones talking..

Ayeka: Hormones my regal posterior! Lord Tenchi would never desire his own 
flesh and blood.
Bryan: I guess that's why Ryoko gets him in the end.
(Ayeka glares at Bryan.)
Ayeka: DIE!!!!
BRRRRRRRZAP!
Bryan: ow...

I love his little girl and I would never do
anything to hurt her.

Vegeta: Good. We're making progress. Now back away from the girl, and get 
out of this story.
Zechs: Why is there always a faux epiphany right before the disgusting 
stuff?

She continues to cry so he kisses her on her eyelids whispering
that its alright,

Ayeka: That should be "it's" with an apostrophe, should it not?
Bryan: Yeah. But the author was probably typing one-handed.
Zechs: What was the other hand doing.
Vegeta: Guess.
Zechs: >>SHUDDER<<
Bryan: Oh, good. He guessed it.

that she misunderstood.

Tenchi: Mayuka you can make babies .. not just the way a man does it.. in
fact.. Mayuka you are a girl.

Bryan(as Daria): That should have been fairly obvious by now.
Vegeta: What would Mayuka do without Tenchi here to tell her these things?
Ayeka: Not participate in this drivel, for starters.

<I am already down this path so I have to tell her the truth>

Bryan(as Patrick Stewart): The truth will set you free.
Zechs: You mean...we can get out of this perverse lemon?
Bryan: Sorry. Lemons have nothing to do with the truth.
Zechs: Damn.

You see babies comes from when a boy and a girl love each other.. when they
care deeply for each other.

Bryan: Geez. I got a better explanation from sex ed when I was twelve.

Mayuka: I love you daddy.

All: Awwww.

Tenchi blinks. Of course, She had to say that.
Couldn't she just have kept silent?

Tenchi: No Mayuka.. not like that I, you..

Mayuka: But you said you loved me daddy?

Vegeta: If he really loved you, he would have broken the fourth wall and 
killed the writer already.

Tenchi: Yes I love you Mayuka.. I would do anything for you .. egh  .. <
naw, placing my foot in my mouth wasn't enough,
I had to swallow my whole leg>

Zechs: While you're at it, how about a dose of common sense?
Vegeta: Fat friggin' chance.

Mayuka: Cant you give me a baby daddy? Please? I want to make a baby!

Bryan: Oh god, I think...I think...

Tenchi: uh yeah..<OO!>

Bryan: I was right. 
SPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ayeka: Oh my! Is he going to be alright?
Zechs: He ate light before he got here. This should pass in a moment.
Vegeta: Zechs and I took the precaution of not eating today.
Ayeka: This might be a bad time to bring up that I had a large meal. I was 
not expecting to be abducted for this, you know.

Mayuka: Oh daddy You are so sweet! I could just kiss you!

Bryan: That sounds more like my grandmother.

Tenchi: uh speaking of which.. that's what you do.. err when you make babies
Mayuka
<ShutUP you blabbering fool, oh she is such a sweet girl>

Mayuka kisses her father lightly on the cheek and he freezes.

Vegeta: Hypothermia sets in, Tenchi dies, the end.
Bryan: To coin a phrase, not a chance.

Mayka frowns,
and after a few seconds she kisses her frozen  father on his closed lips
instead.

Bryan: Well, this is a scene straight from Daughter of Darkness.
Vegeta: USE THE PROPER TITLE!
Bryan: I don't remember how to spell it.
Ayeka: Pitiful.

Tenchi: No Mayuka..

As he opens his mouth he gets caught up in the kiss.

Zechs: A likely story.

reacting by sheer
instinct he responds passionately. Mayuka breaks the kiss first leaving
Tenchi with a gaping mouth,

Vegeta: He looks like a fish.
Ayeka: You take that back this instant!
Vegeta: Not even if my life depended on it.

panting. Shock is all that exists.

Bryan: PI-KA-CHUUUUUU.
Zechs: Not that again.

By now Tenchi was used to pleasing the other girls,

Ayeka: I certainly would like to know how! I am as pure as the driven snow, 
and will remain so until the vows!
Vegeta: You'll be waiting awhile.
Ayeka: I have had just about enough of you.
Zechs: I think our lives may be in danger, Bryan.
Bryan: I'm one up on you, Zechs. I KNOW our lives are in danger.

but he had never
expected that he would lock lips with his own flesh and blood.

Vegeta: Well, so much for you getting him, Ayeka.
Zechs: At least that leaves Sasami out as well.
Ayeka: AMEN!

And to
Tenchi's horror he could feel deep down inside
that this was something he really wanted.

Bryan: HUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!
Ayeka: I thought you ate light?
Bryan: The more tasteless the fic, the further back in time my stomach goes.
Vegeta: You should have seen him during the Union MST.

He wanted to make his daughter happy, he wanted to give her a baby. He
wanted to have mad passionate sex with her.

Ayeka: I do not feel all that well, all of a sudden.

Tenchi almost throws up.

Bryan: Jesus! The author succeeded in nauseating the characters!

This was to much.

Ayeka: That is not supposed to be a...urp...preposition.

Mayuka: mm.. I think I like kissing you daddy.

Vegeta: No. No you don't, Mayuka. You hate it. It's bad. It's evil.
Ayeka(Old Geezer): EVIL!
Bryan: Anime Port #9 jokes?
Ayeka: You do what you like, and I shall do what I like.

She leans in closer with a smile on her lips and once again locks lips with
him,

Bryan: Somebody call the locksmith!
(Vegeta walks over to the door of the theater.)
Vegeta: Smith.
(Vegeta sits down again.)
Zechs: You're really reaching for the laughs on that one.
Bryan: It's better than sitting through this crap.

to Tenchi the world is a blur of contradicting emotiones.

Ayeka: That is not proper spelling!
Bryan: Alright, lemon writers...and I use the term loosely...you learn to 
spell, or else.
Zechs: Are you sure you should be saying the word "loose" to lemon writers?

<just kill me
please!>

Vegeta(enthusiastically): OK!
Bryan: Sit down, Vegeta.

<Feels so nice..>
Without thinking, Tenchi slips his tongue into her mouth, freezing his kid
in shock.

Bryan: PI-KA...
BRZAP!
Ayeka: There. That was Peter's joke anyway.
Bryan: (smoldering): That was uncalled for.

Mayuka: mmm .da.. mm

Tenchi can feel Mayukas own tongue coming up to greet him.

Ayeka(as Mayuka's tongue): Hello. Pleased to meet you.

  The tongues
make acquaintance. Mayuka leans kinda drowsily against him, her hands
clutching on to his shirt, tearing at it.
Tenchi breaks the kiss and rips his shirt off.

Bryan: Hope he wasn't overly fond of that one.

Tenchi: Its alright Mayuka..

Bryan: This guy must have a personal grudge against the apostrophe or 
something.

Placing one of her hands on his chest he guides it across his muscles

Vegeta: >snort< Muscles?! Him? Pfft. Right.
Ayeka: Just because he can not shatter planets does not mean that he has an 
inferior build!
Bryan: I hate to break this to you, Aykea, but we've seen the boy's build. 
It ain't there.

making circling motions. Ater a while she seems to get the genaral idea so
lets go of her hand knowing she would continue.

Zechs: Did that last sentence make sense to anyone?
Vegeta: About as much as this whole fic does.
Ayeka: In short, no.


She was so sweet.. so beautiful. He cupping her chin

Bryan: Wrong tense of the word. I think there's a direct correlation to how 
perverse someone is to how poorly they type.

he kisses her nose,
then works his way down her neck.

Mayuka: I love you, daddy..

Why was he doing this?

Zechs: We were wondering the same thing.

he had to be sick or something, even Washuu would
agree with that if she knew what he was about to do.

Ayeka: Now he is making Miss Washuu sound like a pervert as well!!
Zechs: Boy, I'm glad we didn't call the JEDRI in on this one. Washuu would 
be screaming bloody murder right now.


. what he was about to..
So he had already decided he would go through with this?

Bryan: It's not too late to stop, y'know.
Vegeta: Really. Anytime you want to, you can.
Zechs: We wouldn't mind at all.

Damn his luck!

Ayeka: HIS LUCK! He's not being made to endure this lemon with numbskulls 
like you three.
Bryan: You say the sweetest things, Ayeka-sama.

Mayuka moans slightly but not very loud as he licks her neck then continues
up her chin and around her lips.

Bryan: Christ, that's more like a dog than a person.

The sweetness of her naked flesh

Vegeta: What sort of deviant thinks that about his own teenaged daughter?

makes him
return to her mouth letting his tongue probe

Bryan: Let's not use that word, huh?
Vegeta: Still upset about the Visitors?
Bryan:(as Cartman):  GODDAMN IT, I DID NOT HAVE A PROBE!
Zechs:...
Vegeta and Bryan: Zechs?
Zechs: I plead the fifth.

its interior once again.
He traces the curve of her left ear with a finger, knowing how extra
sensitive the blood streaming into her ears had made them.

Bryan: Ears are erogenous zones?
Vegeta: And how!
Ayeka: Vegeta, keep the details of your private life just that. Private.

With his other hand he works his way down her right arm, caressing her soft
skin, then griping her now slack hand and pulling it up to his chest were he
makes it
squeeze his nipple.

Bryan(as Robert De Niro): I have nipples. Could you milk me?
Others: @_@

After a moment of thought, both Tenchi's hands work
there way

Ayeka: Wrong word, brainiac.
Bryan: You're starting to develop my sense of sarcasm.
Ayeka: Have I degenerated that far?!

to the upper front of her cotton dress. Carefully, ever so gently he
caresses
his daughters breast

Bryan: Oh God, DRY HEAVES!!!
Ayeka: I can top that. 
BAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF!!!


through the dress fabric. A slight blush appears on her
cheeks,

Bryan: She chose that moment to apply makeup?
Ayeka: I give you full marks for idiocy. You need not go further.

so he lets one hand stroke her hair gently instead. Looking into her
darkly orange eyes he finds the love she has for him there, but also not so
little uncertainty and fear.

Vegeta: No. You think?


Tenchi thinks that she might be mumbling
something,

Zechs(as Mayuka): End this fic. End this fic.

but if there ever was anything there it's muffled as he closes his lips
around hers again. Tenchi slips one of the cords down her shoulder,

Bryan: I feel queasy...

and is rewarded with a hard tug on his nipple that draws blood.

All: OW!
Bryan: That'll leave a mark.
Ayeka: That is just not done!
Vegeta: Tittie twister!!!
Zechs: I want out. I want out...

Breaking the
kiss, he covers his injured nipple protectivly with a hand.

Tenchi: AOOUH! Mayuka.. be careful its not like you can tear at these things
without repercussions!

Vegeta: Oh, that's rich coming from a guy who's about to commit rape, 
incest, and various other indecent things.

Mayuka: sorry daddy, I don't know why I did it.
It was like somebody else
was controlling my body...

Bryan: Yazuha, if ever you wanted to redeem yourself, having Mayuka kill 
Tenchi would be a great start.

Tenchi frowns at this notion wondering why she couldn't say out front that
she was a bit scared.
He moves his left hand as if to caress her cheek but instead he pulls the
other cord down and with it almost exposing one of her breast.

Bryan: Shouldn't that be plural.
Ayeka: It should not be happening at all.
Vegeta: No argument there.

Tenchi: Trust me Mayuka..

Bryan: That's so wrong.

With that he pulls the upper part of her yellow dress down, exposing
Mayuka's young bosom.

Ayeka: I can not watch!

Of course he had seen them before,

Vegeta: That's not a justification for this, pervert!

at least he thought
he had.
images of a bath, and Ryoko trying to pry his naked daughter away from him

Ayeka: Miss Ryoko, we would love a repeat performance right about now.

flashes through his mind.
Strangely Tenchi had no recollection of what they had
looked like, probably because the lack of oxygen to his brain the nosebleed
had caused.

Bryan: Shouldn't he be suffering similar consequences right now?
Vegeta: What, in a lemon?
Zechs: He did in Union.
Bryan: Yeah, but he paid for it there. >shudder<


Determined to make up for that missed opportunity Tenchi explores her
breast

Ayeka: She has only one?
Bryan: What? You want he should manhandle both?

while he carefully touches their edges, Mayuka didn't even seem to
breath.

Vegeta: Whatabout if she tries to breathe? Hmmm?

Tracing inwardly his hands finds her nipples

Ayeka: Improper tense structure. 1000 lashes with a whip.
Bryan: Hmmm.
Ayeka: For the writer, you moron.

and after circling them for a
while they latch on to them, tugging gently and moving them in clockwise
circles. His little girl starts to breath again but in a kinda raged way,

Ayeka: Well, if I were being molested in such a manner, I would feel a bit 
of rage myself.

like as if she had run a couple of miles or something.

Bryan: "Like" and "as if" both mean the same thing. That was redundant.
Vegeta: Maybe the writer feels a need to overcompensate.
Ayeka: Hee hee.

Tenchi: Now just leave everything to daddy Mayuka..

Bryan: What cheesy 1970s porn was this guy watching when he came up with the 
dialogue, anyway?

<Thats it! if I'm not going to hell for what I'm about to do, I ceartanly
will go there cause of that line>

Ayeka: Be sure to take the writer with you for perversion and spelling 
errors.

Still playing with her nipples Tenchi leans in closer placing his head
in front of her breast and starts to lick between them. Tenchis mouth is
favoured of the delicacy of salty flesh as he lets his tongue run wild.

Bryan: Runaway tongue.

Heaven.. he was in heaven.. a brief flash of hell runs through his mind

Zechs: We get treated to the whole vision, though.

once
again but is ignored as his tongue climbs one of the hills and finds the
peek, eh, nipple.
Letting his hand on that nipple take a hold of her waist instead, his
tongue resumes  the work. licking around the edges and down her cleavage,

Vegeta: Easy stomach. You're empty, remember. Just take it easy.
Zechs: This is worse than some of the Gundam fics I've heard about.

after a while though, it settles to tease the tip.
Mayuka's breathing becomes even more raged

Ayeka: She has every right to feel rage. This is violation!

and if Tenchi wasn't mistaken
maybe a little moaning?

Bryan: You're mistaken.

Tenchi's mouth closes around the nipple and he begins to suck wich makes
Mayuka moan a little higher. Yes, that's was definitely a moan that time.

Vegeta: Between the sick sex, the poor spelling, and the worse grammar, my 
head hurts.

With an audible pop, Tenchi lets go of her nipple feeling kinda dizzy.

Bryan: The lack of oxygen to his brain made him pass out, and he fainted. 
The end.

Tenchi: Mayuka..

Tenchi caresses her cheek then carefully forces her head down were she
finds his
oak fully erected, a strange look crosses her face.

Bryan: It wouldn't have anything to do with the moral centers of his brain 
kicking in, would it?

Mayuka: Daddy..?

Tenchi: Mayuka, now uh.. just pretend that its a popsicle.

Bryan: I ought to kill him myself for that.
Zechs: Now he's acting like Jeff from Kanashii no Imi.
Ayeka: >shudder< Please. I can not bear to think of that.

yeah.. a
popsicle..
you do know what to AAOOWW!!! DON'T BITE MAYUKA!

Vegeta: Serves ya right, ya bastard.


Mayuka: oki, sorry daddy.

Tenchi: ah, that's better..

A world of pleasure washes over Tenchi as his daughter, first licks around
the head of his penis and then with two hands takes the whole thing in her
mouth, eyes closed.

Bryan: I still don't see what people see in that.
Vegeta: You're young yet.
Bryan: Vegeta, that is also the organ we flush waste water out of. It has to 
be unsanitary.
Vegeta: Like anything involving sex is?
Zechs: Ah-ah. Remember, according to Clinton, it's not sex.
Bryan: >coughing< Bullshit. Bullshit.

She makes a small sucking noise then she opens her eyes and the sucking
increases,gradually.

Ayeka: Whatever are you talking about. This story has sucked consistently.
Bryan: Heh.

Tenchi casually removes a whisker from her flushed face watching her
eyelids taking a pink color.
He grunts, sure he could finnish

Bryan: What have the Finnish got to do with this?
Zechs: Just like a lemon writer to pass blame.

this now, but then
Mayuka probably would bite in shock. Tenchi clenches his eyes then lifts her
head away with a plop.
He could still get away, tell Mayuka that he had lost the
ability to make baby's, yes that was it.. he could.. no.. she probably would
really believe it.

Vegeta: And that would be a bad thing, why?

In fact she probably would ask Washuu about it telling her ab.. . Tenchi
shudders. What the hell had he gotten himself in to?


Bryan: Just quit violating the girl now, Tenchi, or else I let Vegeta 
perform the Jeff Special on you.
Vegeta(savage grin): I'd be more than happy to do it, too.

Cupping his daughters face he looks into her now bleary eyes.

Tenchi: Mayuka.. You really want to go through with this?
I mean you .. I err..

Zechs: Just stop where you are, go phone the cops, and turn yourself in.

Respiring, his daughter peers up at him, looking more timid than ever.

Tenchi: What I am trying to say is that this isn't something you can tell
anyone
about..yah, if we are going to go through with this it has to remain our
little secret <.. ugh..>

Bryan: Ok, that does it. Vegeta, when this is over, give him a new 
definition for the phrase "Chest Cavity".
Vegeta: Ask and you shall receive.

A pleased expression crosses Tenchis face as his little girl nods. Good, at
least one thing covered.

Tenchi: now if I could just...

He takes a hold of the dress's waistline and pulls it down her hips,
exposing white panties, and finnishes with pulling it off her legs.
Once again the concerned father makes its presence in Tenchi's mind

Ayeka: As he realizes that he will scar the poor dear for life if he 
continued?

as he
spreads the yellow dress on the ground as a sort of blanket for his young
daughter to lie on.

Bryan: That's not fatherly concern.
Vegeta: No joke.

Embracing her in a hug he guides her down onto the
blanket.

Tenchi: Comfortable?

Ayeka: No. I am feeling rather queasy, actually.

Mayuka: Yes daddy, but why, umm am I lying down?

Vegeta:(Tenchi as Big Bad Wolf): All the better to abuse you, my dear.
Ayeka: YOU TAKE THAT BACK RIGHT THIS INSTANT!!!!
Vegeta: Final Flash!
BOOM!
Ayeka:(smouldering): ow.

She tries to get up from under him, not knowing what making babies meant.

Zechs: Gee, you'd almost have forgotten that they'd already established that 
several times by now.
Bryan: This is a lemon, Zechs. The writer probably did forget while 
he/she/it was jerking off to their own bad fic.

Tenchi: <the better to fuck your...> What? oh well we could do this
standing up I suppose but i've never been into that punishment thing..

Bryan: Me either.
Vegeta: It's not so bad.
Ayeka: A light lashing increases arousal, I assure you.
Zechs: I'm with Bryan. No way. No how.

Mayuka: ..Daddy?

Tenchi shoves her back onto the blanket putting an end to her words with a
kiss.

Vegeta: BITE HIS TONGUE!
Ayeka: I feel most ill.
Bryan(hands her a paper cup): If ya gotta spew, spew in this.

Mayuka: mmffh!

Keeping eyecontact to be able to see her reaction he caresses her stomach,
gently touching her belly button.

Vegeta: Uh-oh. Now my stomach is beginning to unhinge.
Ayeka: Join me in a puking?
Zechs: Three's company.
Bryan: Stand strong. We're made of sterner stuff!

A giggle escapes her throat then another, so he ceases his kissing and works
his way down to her belly kissing gently.

Mayuka: haha stop that daddy it tickles!

Vegeta: Not for long it won't. Not if this sicko intends to go all the way.

Tenchi: well its an important part you see Mayuka.. in the process of making
baby's ..

Ayeka: Oooooo. I want to throw up now.
Bryan: Hang in there, Princess. Just be thankful it's not one of the ones 
with your sister.
Ayeka: SPEEEEEW!
Bryan: Aw man, the carpeting!

Mayuka: haha well then continue on.. haha

She covers her mouth trying to hold back her laugher as her father
continues to shower her belly with kisses, sometimes even licking around her
belly button.
Licking and kissing her narrow waist Tenchi finds himself at the rim of her
white panties. With a finger he traces a circle around his bloodrelatives
belly button resulting in even more giggles, well as long as she is not
crying..

Ayeka: Cry, Mayuka! Cry!

White panties..

Bryan: Who's writing this? Happosai?
Zechs: No. Happy wrote a tolerable lemon that involved IC characters and no 
molestation of children.
Bryan: I didn't mean that Happosai. I meant the old letch obsessed with 
panties and bras.

his fingers traces the skin beside the the panties rim.
White panties, the rim decorated with an intricate pattern of small blue
flowers. No not yet..

All: NOT EVER!


Tenchi's hands brushes

Bryan: That's some of the worst grammar I've ever seen.
Ayeka: This coming from a man who MSTed Tank Cop.

by the panties rim and follows the curve of her
thighs down her smooth ankles instead.

Bryan: Now, I never claimed to be a biologist or anything, but I'm pretty 
sure there's leg between the thigh and the ankle.
Zechs: Oh, there is. Lots of leg. Long, luxurious leg , fit for an OZ 
officer, with beautiful dark hair, and soft blue eyes...
Bryan: Noin isn't here, Zechs.
Ayeka: She is the lucky one.


Amazed over how slender her legs are he starts to
wonder if she gets enough to eat, then realises that her body wasn't that of
a young woman, but of a young girl beginning to blossom.

Vegeta: So stop molesting her, you pervert!

Wonder of wonders, what did I do to have the light grace me with this
wonderful gift?

Bryan: Well, Yazuha stole one of your hairs and made a daughter. You really 
didn't do anything.

Mayuka: Daddy why did you stop?

Ayeka: Maybe he has come to his senses?
Bryan: Sorry. Fat chance.

Tenchi gets snaps back into reality. Now were had that
poem come from?

Bryan: What poem?

what was he doing anyway.. oh yeah..
He starts to kiss Mayukas toes

Bryan: Again, the curse of the missing apostrophe.
Ayeka: We have seen quite enough of that.
Vegeta: We've seen quite enough of this fic, too.

and foot, getting his nosed kicked a couple
of times when uncontrollable giggles wash through her. Quickly he moves on
to
kissing her ankles instead judging them a safer pray, much safer. Damn she
was to thin!

Vegeta: Mayuka was to thin what Ayeka was to obnoxious.
BRZAP! BRZAP! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK!
Vegeta: ...ow...
Ayeka: Next time you want to compare similes, remember who is in the room 
with you.


He kisses her kneecaps then takes a hold of each of them and spreads her
legs.

Tenchi: wonder of wonders...

The Jurianprince

Bryan: That should be two words, shouldn't it, Ayeka.
Ayeka: After this, he does not deserve the title of prince anyway.

strokes his daughters legs then starts to kiss her inner
thighs. Mayukas giggles dwindle.

Mayuka: feels kinda weird..

Bryan: That's what those in the volunteer business call a "bad touch".
Zechs: I couldn't handle a job like that. I'd go mad, listening to those 
horror stories all day.
Bryan: Imagine being the victim.

Tenchi: what was that?

Mayuka: nothing..

Making his tongue slide against her inner thighs, Tenchi again marvels over
the taste as he lets it perform all kinds of acts.

Vegeta: Unfortunately, by acts, I don't suppose he means juggling or 
Shakespearian plays.

He sucks a bit

Bryan: What? In this fic?
Zechs: I know. It sucks a whole lot.

then finds himself positioned over her panties. Carefully
Tenchi slips a thumb under each side of the panties

Bryan: How careful can it be? He's molesting his daughter!

and pulls them off inch
by inch until he has revealed his daughters

Ayeka: Did the apostrophes all leave in protest to the bad writing?

most private part, her innocence.
He discards the panties and studies her for a while inhaling in the aroma.

Bryan: As opposed to inhaling out the aroma.

Tenchi: you are so beautiful Mayuka..

Vegeta: He says that to all the girls he molests. Like that poor Sasami.
Ayeka: Urp!
Bryan: Oh, way to go, Prince. You made her ill again.

As his daughter blushes Tenchi lowers his own head, and gets a real good
look.
<Kill me><huh? what was that?>

Bryan: The last vestige of your conscience.

He licks carefully around her mound waiting for a reaction, as there is non
he contiues into phase two.

Bryan: Phase two involves him blowing his own brains out.
Zechs: Oh, we wish. We wish.

Letting out a breath he spreads her labia apart with to fingers

Bryan: Does this guy have a problem with numbers, as well as with 
apostrophes?
Ayeka: I think most lemon writers live in mortal terror of grammar teachers.
Zechs: Well, you can't fault them too much. I mean, with them spanking off 
all the time, how are they supposed to see the keyboard.
Bryan: There's an image we didn't need.
Vegeta: It's not as sick as the one we're enduring now.
Bryan: I think it's about equal.

exposing her
inner most private parts to his naked
eye.
His tongue lingers dangerously close to her clitoris

Bryan(as Scotty): Any closer, and the whole thing could explode!
Ayeka: That is NOT funny.
Bryan: Could you do better?

but settles down in
other territories, yet it does get a result as Mayuka arches her back at the
feeling.
Moving his tongue around for a bit he slips a finger, or tries to slip a
finger inside her, he frowns and his other hand comes down to widen her
pussy unsuccessfully.

Zechs: We don't want success, here!

<Damnit she could probally chew nails down here> having
failed drastically Tenchi decides that her clit might not be such a bad idea
after all.

Bryan: Yes it is! It's a very bad idea. Lousy. Terrible.

Was that, a giggle?

Ayeka: No, it was a whimper.

Mayuka: what are you trying to do daddy?

Ignoring her question he starts stroking her clit gently producing a gasp
and a slight shiver.
<well atleast its better than her talking><what am I
thinking?>

Ayeka: I do not know what you are thinking, but I think this is incredibly 
disgusting!
Bryan: Ah hell. Can't hold out much longer!

Continuing to rub her clit Tenchi starts using the old tongue also, his
other hand still trying to gain access as Mayuka grows moist. Her body
starts to quiver
more violently as Tenchi tries to focus at his task at hand.

Bryan: BLURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRP!
Ayeka: Goodness.
Zechs: We warned you not to eat, but nooooo!

Mayuka: uuh... what are you.. doing.. daddy?

Zechs: Well, not coming to his senses, that's for sure.

Tenchi penetrates her small pussy with his pinky finger.. well it was a
start.

Bryan(as Bogart): Y'know, thish is the shtart of a dishgushting shituation, 
shweetheart.

Every man begins small but grows with time.

Vegeta: Well, human men, anyway.

He widens her little pussy,
still working on her clit, and
shoves a larger finger in instead, poking and prodding her.

Ayeka: STOP THE POKING AND PRODDING! CEASE! DESIST!

The moans he had heard earlier are repeated but in a much regular interval,
now sounding kinda small.
Tenchi smiles inwardly, this was great! He didn't really
know why he thought this was great after all she was his daughter but he
couldn't help how he felt, could he?

Bryan: Didn't that group of sickos on South Park try the same excuse?
Zechs: You mean NAMBLA?
Vegeta: What has the National Association of Marlon Brando Look Alikes got 
to do with this?

Tenchi: Mayuka..

Bryan: We've already established her name.

Tenchi stops rubbing her clit for a moment

All: HOORAY!

and raises his head watching her
ribcage rise and fall, rise and fall. In a weak tone she responds, mumbling
a yes or something.

Zechs: I didn't hear anything of the sort.

Tenchi: I am gonna, well enter you now.. do you understand what I am saying?

Bryan: Yeah. You're saying you want Vegeta to kill you.
Ayeka: He will have to wait his turn. I get to kill him first.

Mayuka: ..no

Zechs: AH! She said "no". That's all we need. No means no!
Bryan: Unfortunately, Zechs, that never stopped these guys.

Tenchi frowns. <ofcourse>

Tenchi: well you see err.. to be able to make babies I have to enter you. uh
here.

He pokes a finger at her mound, never thinking what a strange scene this
was.

Vegeta: No. This isn't strange. It's sick.

Mayuka: didn't you do that just now daddy?

Tenchi sighs. Better if he showed her.

Ayeka: IT IS NOT BETTER!!!

Tenchi: well there is more to it than that.. there is a slight twinge of
pain,
if I understand this correctly.

Ayeka: A SLIGHT TWINGE!!
Bryan: Um, well, you don't know yourself, right?
Ayeka: And just what is THAT supposed to mean?
Bryan: Only that you already said you were pure as the driven snow. So you 
haven't ever, y'know, felt it.
Zechs: Noin informed me that it was quite painful, but hardly the worst pain 
she ever felt.
Bryan: Noin was of legal age at the time, too. And fully developed.

Uh, you okay with that?

All: NO! WE'RE NOT!

He returns to to  massaging her clit, stimulating her into answering
exactly what he wanted her to say. Cause even if Mayuka had a teenage body
her maturity
was on a much lower scale

Bryan: Considering what most teenagers are out there doing these days, I 
have to wonder if it's possible for their maturity to be lower.
Zechs: Just a wee bit cynical, are we?
Bryan: Look, these kids are out there doing these things without the 
slightest clue as to what love really is. All they care about is a moment of 
gratification.
Vegeta: You aren't going to change the world, so give it up.

and there was no way in hell she could know what
she was getting herself into.

Bryan: Like I said, that applies to most teenagers.

Crawling on top of her Tenchi spreads her legs a little further then gets
up on his knees.
Rubbing his cock stiffer he slaps it a few times

Vegeta(as Tenchi): Bad cock! Bad!

over her vagina then lets
it caress against her slit a couple of times also.
<what ever will be will be..>
With that song in his mind

Bryan: Tenchi knows Ce cera cera?

Tenchi drowns out all other sounds preparing for
impact.
<The future is overs to..>
One hand widening her slit he lets his other hand guide his stiff penis and
presses it against her pussy.
The head gets through and Tenchi adds even more pressure penetrating his
daughter, reaching further into her recesses until she cries out in pain.

Zechs: Oh God!...SPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEWWWW!!!
Vegeta: Might as well join you. 
BLUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRPPPPPP!!!

Mayuka: Aaha'aah! daddy you didn't say it was going to hurt this much! you
said a 'slight twinge'..

Bryan: Since when was Mayuka that adept at making a point?


Tenchi grimaces, okay so he had been wrong..

Bryan: We've been telling you that since this started, you moron!

But how could he have known, neither Aeka nor Mihoshi had shown this much
pain, and he knew at least that
uptight princess had been a virgin..

Ayeka: I BEG YOUR PARDON! I STILL AM!!!
Bryan: Calm down, Princess.
Ayeka: And another thing! Where do they get off calling ME uptight?!


the hell with their pain.. what about
him?

Vegeta: Well, if you want, we can inflict pain on him too.

Tenchi: Stop crying Mayuka! I thought you wanted this, I mean you did agree
didn't you? Didn't you?

His daughter sniffles, trying not to sob. The hurt clear in her eyes as
tears licks her cheeks no matter how much she tried to stop them.

Bryan: Oh God I feel so sick...

Mayuka: .. y.. yes.. I wanted to make baby's daddy.. please don't be angry..

Zechs: This is wrong on so many levels.

Tenchi: That's good now wipe those tears away. That's a good girl.

A smile creeps across his face, he was a good parent, and it was obvious
that his daughter needed a strong father figure in her life with all that
crying.

Bryan: So go find Yosho or something. He'd see to it that she was more than 
capable of kicking your ass next time you tried this.
Ayeka: Amen.

After having made sure Mayuka had wiped her tears away, Tenchi caresses her
belly and legs but no this doesn't seem to cheer her up so he lets one again
return to stimulating her clit gently.

Tenchi: Does this feel nice when daddy does this Mayuka?
no more tears?

Ayeka: Mayuka, cry! SCREAM, FOR HEAVEN'S SAKE!


Mayuka nods hesitantly, eyes a bit swollen. Ah, well he wouldn't get
anything better than that he supposed, but he could live with that.

Vegeta: WANNA BET!

Moving slightly around he makes himself more comfortable and places the
hand not stimulating her, on her hip. In a jagged sort of motion he lets his
cock move out of her
just to be brought right back ever so slowly. he repeats the performance,
watching her face hesitantly for signs of tears, after all he couldn't have
her screaming like that again now could he?

Zechs: We would rather she did scream. Maybe then someone would hear her and 
come beat your brains in.

No tears, but a slight quiver of her lip, fuck it. He repeats the motion a
third time then a fourth, no the quiver was all there was, good. Tenchi
chuckles lightly.

Tenchi: Your such a good daughter Mayuka..

Bryan: Too bad she has a sick fuck of a father.
Ayeka: Lord Tenchi is not a pedophile rapist!

The testing motions becomes more frequent until its not testing at all but
more or less regular. All is stupidity suffer sweet misery..
He increases the speed, thrusting his male organ time after time into her
small vagina making her whimper.
Tears again start to lick her cheeks as Tenchi violates his daughter,
violates the trust that children should be able to have in their parents.

Zechs: And that is why this writer should be dipped head first in boiling 
oil.
Vegeta: I disagree.
Others: HUH?!
Vegeta: He should be dipped crotch first.
Others: Oh.

Mayuka: Daddy .. not so hard aaa..

Ayeka: Or better yet, not at all.

In his rapacious state of mind, Tenchi neither cares nor hears his
bloodrelatives cry as trickle after trickle of the red substance smears his
penis.
But he sure noticed her claws.

Bryan: BLIND HIM, MAYUKA!
Zechs: GUT HIM!
Vegeta: RIP HIS KIDNEYS OUT!
Ayeka: RIP OFF THAT CHEATING BASTARD'S MANHOOD AND SHOVE IT IN HIS OWN 
MOUTH!
Bryan: Um...Ayeka...you and he aren't dating.
Ayeka: I KNOW THAT!
Bryan: oh. ok.

Blood calls blood.

Tenchi: Augh! Get those claws away from me!

Ayeka: NO! KILL! KILL!

Making a face he forces her arms to the ground, blood streaming from the
gashes.
If you have ever seen a predator in action you know the smell of blood only
agitates them and makes them come on even harder, Tenchi was no exception.
The predator lashes out against his pray,

Bryan: That's the wrong spelling of prey.
Ayeka: I am betting the writer never attended enough church to know better.
Vegeta: Church nothing. Even your average second grader knows how to spell 
it properly.

getting a chokehold on her throat

Bryan: Ok, this guy definitely read Kanashii no Imi.

with his mouth he bends the female's arms behind her back forcing her to
submit to his
might.

Zechs: HE has might?

Mayuka: ....g'l.. can't breath...uhh..

Something simmers across Tenchi's iris and lets go of her throat which
produces coughing noises mixed with small rapid breaths.

Bryan: Well, at least she won't die of suffocation.
Ayeka: After this, that might almost be a kindness, if she had.

A smirk crosses
Tenchi's lips as her trembling increases with her strangled breaths.
He lets his hands wander away from Mayukas arms, having had them locked
under her own body, and lets them
wander down her hips getting a firm hold then wandering underneath her
grabbing her ass instead.

Tenchi: The studded bridle on a ragged bough
Nimbly she fastens:--O, how quick is love!--
The steed is stalled up, and even now
To tie the rider she begins to prove:
Backward she push'd him, as she would be thrust,
And govern'd him in strength, though not in lust.

Bryan: That sounds more like Kuno than Tenchi.
Ayeka: I KNEW it could not be my darling Lord Tenchi!!
Bryan: Keep dreaming, Princess. If it WERE Kuno, Mayuka could have already 
flattened him.

The rocking motion becomes more violent as he bucks her hips while his
plunging gets harder, more blood gushing out.

All: PUKE!

Time seeming to have no
substance at all as
he pounds her repeatedly, the ground shaking under his tremors power.

Bryan: His "Tremors power?" Ayeka, do Juraians have the power to cause 
earthquakes?
Ayeka: Not that I am aware of.

Then, an all to familiar feeling makes itself known as the laws of reality
makes it presence seeming too freeze time, then he breaks.
Wave after wave of semen floods into Mayuka as Tenchi lets the barriers he
had built up burst.

Bryan: I feel really really sick right now.
Ayeka: You are not the only one, so shut up.

His
cocktail fills her up and then some more, sowing its seeds all over the
place.

Zechs: What is he, a sperm bank?

Tenchi pulls away stumbling backwards into a half lying position watching
his daughter lie on the ground crying.

Vegeta: Ok, that's it. He dies.

Damn her wailing, he had given her what she wanted, exactly what she wanted.

Bryan: Bullshit. Bullshit.

Again a chuckle escapes his mouth, the urge wasn't gone yet.
Pulling himself up Tenchi crawls over to Mayuka again with a grin. Hell
couldn't be that bad after all could it?

Vegeta: Wanna bet? I've been there. Take the worst thing you can imagine and 
imagine something a million times worse. Then you have a slight idea of the 
first two seconds of Hell. The rest is worse.

Taking a hold on her waist and one of her legs he turns his semi-conscious
daughter around making her lie with her
stomach to the ground.

Tenchi: Bottoms up, Mayuka..

Ayeka: BLLLUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRPPPPPP!!!!
Bryan: You ok, Princess?
Ayeka: I will live...unfortunately.

             *******************

The last lines are inserted on the sheet and the man pulls the script out
from
the typewriter. He eyes it for a couple of seconds

Bryan: Beating off as he does so.

then places it in a
folder
with the same smirk he had written Tenchi had.
Yes, poor Tenchi had never had a chance against his mighty genius,

Zechs: Or complete lack thereof.

and
neither
would these poor zaps that would read this piece of shit either. Poison
there
minds with anime get them addicted, then add a little hormones and you got a
fine
stew, a fine stew indeed.
And that Tenchi was really out of character

Ayeka: As I have been saying all along.
Bryan: Yes, Ayeka. You've been vindicated. Now shut up.

would only make his victory so
much
sweeter. He barks a laugh. morons.

BOGHADEN.

All: WHO?

HOW FARE THEE HENTAI PERVERT?

The voice crushes Boghadens mind as it erupts in his head, making him drop
to the floor cringing in incredible pain.

Bryan: I don't know what's going on here, but I think we should just watch 
for a moment.


"Master my honor is yours my life is yours all of the universe is yours!"

MY FANTASIES ARE ALWAYS THE WRONGEST BUT YOU LET YOURSELF FEEL PITHY. YOU
GAVE CREDIT TO THOSE WHO MIGHT OPPOSE ME, BOGHADEN.
LIFE IS THE WOMB FROM WHICH DEATH IS BORN.
LIFE IS THE ULTIMATE ILLUSION 'CEPT SEX.
THE ULTIMATE DERIVATIVE. THE ULTIMATE DEATH.
HOW FARE THE DREAMS OF DEATH, BOGHADEN? HAVE YOU YET INSERTED YOUR JOYSTICK
TO THE ASTRAL REALM?
HAVE THEE CONTORTED WITH ASTRAL BODIES?

Boghaden cringes even more on the floor tears of blood streaking down his
cheeks.
" No master I was just about to when i was pulled from
my disillusion, but its quit finished, really!"
silence draps the room a couple of seconds and then
the voice returns.

YOU HAVE FAILED ME FOR THE LAST TIME BOGHADEN.
MY FANTASIES ARE ALWAYS THE WRONGEST ONES!
MY HAND MOVES.

Frantically clawing the carpetless floor the man yells out on desperation.
"
Mercy master, Mercy!" but there is no mercy in life. its only an illusion...

Bryan: Am I reading this right? Did the Devil just punish a lemon writer?
Zechs: That's what it looks like to me.
Ayeka: I would not have believed it had I not seen it.
Vegeta: Oh trust me, this guy is in for a world of hurt.

             *******************

Mommy, mommy the typewriter made me do it!

Bryan: There ya go, blaming others for your sins once again.
Ayeka: No one can make you do anything that you do not want to do.

Bryan: Speaking of which, let's see how Roger Smith and Dorothy are faring 
at this moment. Rei, the viewer, please.

On the screen an image of Roger Smith and Dorothy, running from holograms of 
Vegeta and Ryoko appeared.
Bryan smirked.
Roger: How did he find the device?!
Dorothy: I did warn you that the possibility existed.
Roger: Never mind that! Run!

Bryan: Rei, let them run for a few more minutes, and then vaporize the 
projector. And Ryoko, you got out of this one, but rest assured, it will be 
the last time anyone goes behind my back. Well until we MST again, ja ne.





