What a Pitiful Life
-------------------

A Self-Insertion Non-FanFic Fan Fiction :)

By HaZaRDx

INTRODUCTION:
    I have to say, this whole thing may sound a lot like BGlanders story
"Disillusionment", for I just read it and it really made me think. What is
the point of being an anime fan? Just as well, what is the point of being a
Tenchi Muyo fan? For Gods sake, what the hell is the point of being
incredibly obsessed over something that contains fictional people who never
existed and will never exist? Well, I have actually thought about this,
which
is a first because I rarely think of anything ^_^  So, please enjoy my
thoughts, for I truly hope that you will agree. If you decide that you don't
like this story, please read BGlanders story, "Disillusionment," for I am
quite sure that you will enjoy it much more!

AND SO BEGINS THE STORY:
    It was an exceptionally dark night, and the air was so still you could
hear a pin drop upon the dew-covered grass. The moon cast its light upon the
city below with an eerie yellowish glow, as if a dim lantern were providing
the light.
    Among the houses that lined the streets, one light shown through a
bedroom window. In this lighted bedroom sat a boy who amused him self with,
what had become a sort of custom, watching his large collection of
pornographic videos. This boy lived, what most would view as a pitiful life.
This boy was the type that was expected to be a pedophile at age 35. He
lived
a life of computers, anime, porn, and more anime. But, dominating his
anime-geek style life was a series called Tenchi Muyo.
    Before becoming a Tenchi Muyo fanatic, he was a normal fucked up kid
with
"no future" what so ever. He drank and smoked marijuana on a regular basis,
and occasionally, he would do various drugs of different sorts. For a long
while, he had an interest in anime, but had only seen Akira and Evangellion.
One day, while on vacation in San Francisco, he stumbled upon an anime
store,
carrying various types of anime. He only had a small amount of cash, so he
bought the 3 cheapest movies there: the 3 Tenchi Muyo In Love movies.
He brought them home and proceeded to watch them, growing fascinated and
utterly enwrapped in all of the wonder and beauty of its plot. He finished
the third movie, but he needed more. He simply could not live with just
these
three movies.
The next day, he went to amazon.com and found that they had the Tenchi Muyo
OVA set on sale. He bought the set and watched it immediately when it
arrived
upon his doorstep. He finished the series and yet his thirst had not been
quenched. He bought the Tenchi Universe and the Shin Tenchi series. He
bought
posters and wall scrolls to fill his walls. He bought dozens of action
figures, PVC sets, and plush toys galore. He bought cells, and books, and
even some hentai! He was hooked beyond help, yet he had been given more help
than he knew. He had stopped smoking marijuana, he had stopped drinking
(kinda), and he had stopped all other drugs. He was basically clean, and he
was quite content. This boy is one of the many fans of the Tenchi Muyo
series. This boy is me.
After a while of being such a large fan of TM, I started to watch other
anime
and widen my genera of DVDs. As I started to like other anime series, I
found
myself drifting away from TM. I started to think about normal things in
life,
not just how Goddamn hot Ryoko is constantly. I started to realize that they
were not real, and they were never going to be real, no matter how much I
wished. I stopped kissing my wall scrolls goodnight and I stopped wishing
that I could live in the Masaki household too. I stopped caring.
I left my wall scrolls and my action figures up, but I did not think about
Tenchi for what must have been about a week, but seemed like a year. That's
when I discovered tmffa.com. That's when I became enwrapped in fan fiction,
and my love had been sparked again! I was back and in full throttle! Or so I
thought...
Of course, fan fiction gets ruined when it is exploited, just like all other
things in life. After a long while, people started writing lame scripts and
thinking that it was a plot. All of the stories were the same! Either they
had to do with Ryoko getting Tenchi (which I didn't mind), or Sasami merging
with Tsunami and becoming grown up just so she can have sex with Tenchi, or
even how many disgusting sex acts they can perform on each other.
I had become to grow so weary of it. I wanted to write my own fan fiction,
but I was afraid to, for I thought that I would destroy it like the
countless
others. I was quite depressed.
I found myself asking my self why the hell I even bothered? I started to ask
my self questions which others had asked me countless times before.
Questions
like, "What the hell is the point? They aren't even real," or "It's not like
you can make the series do what you want, you will always be wanting more."
I
couldn't believe myself. I was so distraught and so broken up that I didn't
know right from left, nor up from down.
Then one day, I came across a story by an author, which had the same
perspective as me. His name was BGlanders. He had written a story which
shared my views of the pointlessness of being an anime fan. Then, the story
turned around and told how truly important it is, because it is important to
you.
After a bit if thinking, I went back to tmffa.com and reread many of the fan
fictions that I had so harshly criticized before. However, now they had a
whole new light to them. I had come to the realization that no matter how
bad
the plot is, it is what the author feels. The author puts his or her
feelings
into that story, and it his a reflection of their heart and soul, forged
into
words. I now understand that all stories have a point and that it is
meaningless to criticize any story, because what ever your views are, they
are pointless to the author, for the author had written what he or she felt.
That is what is important.
So now, I close this long and lecture-sounding story with these simple
words:
Never let go of your dreams. Always hold tight to what you hold dear, and
never let go, no matter what criticism you receive. Because, the warmth and
happiness that comes with those dreams is far more wonderful then the
emptiness that the criticism brings.

--------------

Hi! I really need someone to proofread this, so if you would like to
volunteer, I would really appreciate it!

Please send all C&C to trancechild85@aol.com

Tenchi & all characters part of the show belong to Pioneer and AIC,
therefore, I DONT OWN THEM!!! I just want to write my own views, so don't
sue
me. Besides, I have no money because I spent it all on YOUR MERCHANDISE!!!
:-)