Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo. AIC/Pioneer owns it.

A/N: I know, I know. I keep on writing T/R fics, but I just can't help 
it! I hope you all like it though. Ja ne!




What You Mean To Me


Ryoko was floating right above Tenchi's bed with tears in her eyes. She 
had come to say goodbye to him, due to what had happened earlier that 
day.


Flashback.


Tenchi was working at the fields quite peacefully, until an unwanted 
visitor arrived to distract him.

"Oh, Tenchi!" purred Ryoko as she jumped right on top of him from 
behind.

Tenchi grimaced. "Come on, Ryoko! Get off of me!"

"Oh, but Tenchi! Aren't lovers always supposed to be together?" she 
cooed.

"We are not lovers, Ryoko!" he shouted.

"Maybe not physically, but I can change that," she purred in his ear.

Tenchi was becoming frustrated. "That's it!"

Ryoko, who was stunned at Tenchi's tone of voice, jumped off of him and 
looked at him curiously.

"What's it, Tenchi?" she asked.

"You don't seem to understand, Ryoko," he said.

"Understand what?" she asked, impatiently.

"That you annoy me! You are so troublesome and bothersome! Why can't 
you just leave people alone!" he yelled.

Ryoko felt the tears coming, but she stopped them. She looked at him 
with pure anger written upon her face. "If I bother and annoy you so 
much, then why won't you tell me to leave?!"

"Even if I did tell you to leave, you wouldn't listen to me anyway!" he 
countered.

"So you do want me to leave. If that's the case, I'll be gone by 
tonight. Goodbye, Tenchi," said Ryoko with an utter sadness in her 
voice as she teleported away.


End Flashback.


"I never knew that you didn't love me up until you said those harsh 
words to me today," Ryoko said softly as she weeped silently.

Ryoko then saw Tenchi stir under the covers, almost as if he were 
having a nightmare. She was relieved when he didn't wake up.

"I shall leave now, but I do need to tell you what you mean to me, what 
you've always meant to me," she whispered to his sleeping form. "And 
that is that I love you."

Seeing that he wasn't going to wake up any time soon, she took the 
opportunity to do what she had always wanted to do. She floated down 
closer to him, closed her eyes and kissed him gently on the lips. She 
pulled away quickly after she had done so and looked at him again with 
more tears coming down her eyes.

"That was the first and last time that I will be able to do that with 
you. I hope that you have a happy life with Ayeka, Tenchi. But know 
this, I will always love you until the end of time. Goodbye, my love," 
she said, sadly.

She was about to teleport away until she felt a hand on her left wrist. 
She turned around and saw Tenchi standing right behind her.

"I was about to leave, Tenchi. Just like you told me to," she said, 
quietly.

"No, I won't let you go, Ryoko," he said.

"But you told me to leave," she pointed out.

"I was being a fool, Ryoko. I could never actually mean it," he said.

"You didn't mean it?" she asked, hopefully.

"No," he replied.

"I guess you want me out of your room now, huh? I promise that I'll 
keep out your way from now on, Tenchi," she said.

"I don't want you to leave my room, Ryoko," he said.

"Then what do you want?" she asked.

"This," he said as he silenced her with a kiss.

Ryoko was in shock. She never expected Tenchi to be so bold, but she 
told herself not to think and to concentrate on the kiss.

She kissed him back fully, putting her whole heart into it. Tenchi was 
kissing her with just as much passion. After a while, the two finally 
broke apart.

"Why?" she asked.

"Why what?" he asked back.

"Why did you kiss me?" she asked.

"Well.because.I." he stammered, losing his nerve.

"You don't know then?" she asked.

"Yes I do!" he whispered, loudly.

"Then why?" she asked, again.

"I.I.I.love you," he said, finally.

Ryoko had a really pure smile on her face, but then she frowned. "Why 
do you love me?"

"Why?" he asked back.

"Well.there's gotta be a reason," she pointed out.

Tenchi sighed. "True."

"So.what do you love about me?" she asked, again.

"Well.I love your strength, your courage, your beauty, your carefree 
personality, your bluntness and also how you don't take shit from 
anyone," he said.

"Alright, but now I want to know what I mean to you," she said.

"Huh? I don't get it. I thought that I already told you that," he said.

"Nuh uh, Tenchi. You told me what you love about me, you never told me 
what I mean to you," said Ryoko. "I just want to know how I'm special 
to you or how I  complete you."

Tenchi sighed again and then said, "You mean the absolute Universe to 
me, Ryoko. You taught me how to be carefree and how to cut loose every 
once in a while. My heart is completely full of you. Plus, you're my 
guardian angel."

Ryoko blushed and then asked, "Do you know what you mean to me, 
Tenchi?"

"No, Ryoko. Tell me," he said, gently.

"You are my freedom from my inner torment. You are my soul and my 
complete being. I would die without you, Tenchi. I love you that much," 
she said.

Tenchi then pulled her into an embrace. She locked lips with him, never 
wanting to leave his side. Once they broke away this time, they were 
gazing into each other's eyes.

"Will my angel stay with me tonight?" he asked.

"Will my savior keep me warm?" she purred.

"You will stay if I promise to keep you warm?" he asked.

Ryoko smiled and nodded as she followed him to his bed. They then both 
jumped in and cuddled up next to each other. Ryoko had never felt this 
warm and safe in all her life. Tenchi had never felt the kind of love 
that Ryoko was giving him, but he was glad to feel it. They both fell 
asleep content for the first time since they have met.




End




A/N: And there it is. Another sap story by yours truly. God, I'm 
hopeless! Oh well, I love romance, so a lot of my stories will always 
contain that element. Hope you all enjoyed it. Ja ne!











