
This one came about in a discussion on where the Saiyan's might have come
from.  Enjoy. ^_^

Where the Saiyans Came From


    Two warriors stared at each other across the wide expanse of plain,
that had no features to distinguish one part of it from the other.  Unless of
course one were to take into account the mile wide craters that dotted the
landscape, smoke pouring out from their recent creation.
    "Damn you Kakarotto...I'll beat you yet!"  The short one, with the
black spiked hair, and the red furred upper torso, shouted in defiance.  He
was battle weary, and hurt, but the determination in his bearing spoke of one
who was going to continue until either he or his opponent dropped.  His tail
that he had wrapped around himself tensed in preparation of the other's next
move.
    "C'mon Vegita!  You're taking this way too seriously."  This one looked
very similar to his opponent.  Yet, he was a couple of feet taller, his hair
was longer, and his tone seemed more...relaxed than the other.
    The two set their stances, then disappeared into the hyperfast and
invisible universe of the Z warrior.
    Then they found their faces roughly smashed into the pavement, just
before either could land a blow.  Suddenly they were hauled up by the scruff of
their necks to behold >that which has become synonimous with the fury of Hell
itself.
    "Destroying worlds again?!"  Ryouko's eyes blazed a dark crimsion, and
the tone of her voice the unmistakeable promise of a quick demise.  "How many
times have I told you about this?!"  They both got on their knees and begged
pathetically for their lives.  "I don't think so!  I'm not letting your father,
Tenchi, punish you, this time!"  Yep, they were in deep.
    Kakarroto made on last gambit to save himself.  "He started it, mom."
he pointed.
    "WHAT?!"

---------

As I said, this one came about as a result of a discussion on a couple of the Tenchi
related ML about what would Tenchi and Ryouko's kids would be like if they had any.

Ape like features, with spiked up hair, and planet destroying power was one
idea. Hey...sounds like a Saiyan to me. ^_-

K'thardin