Disclaimer, Tenchi is own by someone else, this is just a short thought I had.  


Who wants to live forever.


Katsuhito was cleaning his desk when he found something that he thought lost.  It was 
Achika's death certificate.  When he found it he suddenly felt his age, that of a man 
over 700 years.  It revived 100's of years with his mind.  

	But the saddest was the day Achika past on.  He could member all of it.


	"Tenchi were taking mother to the hospital because she not feeling well."
Nobuyuki's heart seemed upon the verge of giving out.  He had asked for his sister to 
watch over Tenchi while he took Achika to the hospital.  

	It had started with her slowly but after Tenchi was born it seem to come upon her 
like if in revenge for something.
	"Dad why can't I come to. Please..." Tenchi seemed scared as if he knew some how 
what was to happen to her.
	"No, mother will be fine she just need some rest.  Come son I promise everything 
will be Ok."  Tenchi looked at his father like if in indecision. 
	"Ok, But you promise to come back on my birthday."
	"I promise Tenchi mother and I will be back on your birthday."
With that Tenchi smiled.  It was to be the last smile for a long time.  Katsuhito was in 
the car waiting for Tenchi while all this happen. 
	'Lord, please let my Achika live to see Tenchi's birthday.'


Katsuhito was there when Achika came back for Tenchi's birthday.  She had seemed to be well. 
Achika had gotten gifts for Tenchi on her way back to the Shrine were the party was to be held.  
All of Tenchi's friends from school had come for the party.  It was a day to remember.  
Everyone had fun, and for a while troubles were forgotten.  

	It was the next morning she past away.  Nobuyuki had called an ambulance, which rush 
her to the hospital.  Nobuyuki was with her at the very end.  Achika last words were. 
	"I love you." She then closed her eyes and slipped away.  Nobuyuki cryed and next to 
him Katsuhito stood a single tear falling.   Later that day Nobuyuki went to the shrine and 
talked to Tenchi. Katsuhito put the paper back were it belonged.   He remembered the time he 
buried his wife so long ago.  After this he had never cry once but that time. A single tear 
formed at the side eye and fell.  He sat up hearing Tenchi coming for the day's lesson. 
	' I hope he will never learn about this part of being immortal. '

He got up and dressed and went out to being the day's lesson.

Who wants to live forever.?



This was something I thought about, because of some thing that has happen to my family 
within the last couple of years.  I don't care if you like it or not.  
If you wish to comment go ahead.     Lost Magi Aol. com



