Subject: Spamfic: Why Tokimi REALLY wants Tsunami and Washuu
Date: Tue, 20 Jul 1999 23:13:13 -0700
From: "K'thardin" <kthardin@geocities.com>
Reply-To: tenchi@ML.usagi.org
To: <tenchi@ML.usagi.org>

We haven't had a spamfic in awhile have we?

---------------------

Hmm...I think I will blame Happosai for this one.  Naa...I know I'll
blame Happosai for this one!  You suggested it first and now I STILL
can't get the damn thing out of my head. ^_^

This is very ecchi folks.  Lime at least.

Yes friends it is yet,

Another Reason Why Tokimi Wants Washuu and Tsunami

Guest starring Cyraqs and Tenchi (you can yell DOH! now ^_^)
------------------------------------
Yes, they were hers now.  Those two of her sisters who had left her, and
so had betrayed her.

Damn them!  They would pay dearly for their mistake of going against her
wishes.

Yes, there was Tsunami burning and seething impotently in a barrier of
Tokimi's superior Light Hawk Force.  She still had her fire, t'would be
all the more satisfying when she broke that spirit she had.  There too
was Washuu...unconscious, but stirring.  She too, would feel Tokimi's
wrath for daring what they did!

What they did!

It had been surprisingly easy taking them; a simple offer to blow some
thing up had distracted Cyraqs. As for Tenchi...heh, all she did then was
flash her breasts.  He predictably went down for the count.  The rest
were fairly easy as well, no troubles there.

Such weak protectors, and now it has cost them.

Groggily Washuu opened her eyes, and after a time managed to focus them
on her captor.  "Lady Tokimi, I presume?"

<<Yes!>>  she replied in barely contained rage.

"So what do you want with me?"

<<You don't remember me!  First I will restore your memory...then you'll
know!>>

A feeling of something...pulling things in her head, filtered through
Washuu's consciousness and then memories began filtering in, one by one.

"Oh...so, I guess I'm your sister, huh?"

<<Yes!>>

"Umm, so what do you want with us again?"

"Yeah!  Why have you conquered countless dimensions, and amasses this
enormous power?  Why do you want us so badly?"  Tsunami asked.

Tokimi turned from them, shoulders slumped, and body trembling.  <<Like
you don't know...>> she told them quietly.

"NO!  WE DON'T KNOW, THAT'S WHY WE ARE ASKING!"  The two captives said
together.

After Tokimi picked herself up from her facefault, stalked toward them,
her previous anger nothing compared to this.

<<I did this because...>>

Washuu and Tsunami nodded, "Because?"

<<Because...>>

"Uh huh?"

Suddenly the goddess collapsed to her knees, crying her little heart out.
<<Because you left and didn't tell me where you were going!  Big
meanies!>>   And just as suddenly the force around the other two vanished
leaving the other two free to move.  Tsunami moved to embrace Tokimi,
followed closely by Washuu.

Tsunami held her close.  "Oh...I'm sorry.  I never realized..."

"Nor did I." Washuu added.

<<Left me all alone...>>

Tsunami shushed her by placing a finger on Tokimi's lips.  "I'm sorry.
Here...let us try to make it better."  With that, Tsunami kissed Tokimi
full on the lips, slipping her tongue inside the other goddess's mouth,
while Washuu was busy undoing Tokimi's clothing.

<<mmmm...Yes...I missed this...>>

O_o

Out in the corridor Tenchi had finally caught up with Cyraqs who was
taking care of the final enemy, and Tokimi's bitch boy, D3.

"Smell it!  Smell it!  Smell it!" he shouted while holding the floating
head under his armpit.  He released D3 after a second, and watched the
desiccated head floated for a second, choking incoherently even in
obvious death, before a flock of angels took him away, as hell had
already been served unto him.

"Isn't that technique a bit cruel to use, even on the enemy?"  Tenchi
asked.

Cyraqs sniffed his underarms.  "Not for another couple of days."  Tenchi
sweatdropped.  "Anyway, we must now be off to the chamber beyond to
rescue the fair goddess, to whom the other fair goddess has encaptured!"

"Is that a word?" Tenchi asked deadpan.

"Got me, but it sounded cool."  With that the two cosmic beings
approached the throne room.

Cyraqs, for once opting to simply open a door without caving it in,
cracked open the door, and peeked in side.

He looked.

And looked.

And looked.

And kept on looking.

Tenchi shook him a bit.  "What's going on?  Aren't we going to storm the
place and save them?"

Cyraqs, adopting an unreadable expression to his face, not so different
from the usual (except for the twitching left eye), closed the door
quietly.  He then turned to face his young companion.  "They don't need
saving."  He then pulled a cigarette from nowhere.  Lighting it, he began
putting up a cloud of smoke that would have put the sixties to shame.

"What do you mean, they don't need saving?!"

"Oh my...sister,"  That sounded like Tsunami.  "Cyraqs is out there.  So
is Tenchi."  She sounded like she was purring as a matter of fact.  "One
is very good at what he does, and the other is inexperienced, and will be
lots of fun to play with.  What do you think?"

"Oh I agree!"  That one sounded like Washuu, right before she was
attempting a sample extraction.

<<Then lets bring them inside!>>  That one sounded really excited, and
very very sensual for some odd reason.  Tenchi surmised that one was
probably Tokimi.  Of course...that was when his fathers DNA decided to
beat him upside the head with a 100lb weight, and after a couple of
minutes it finally clicked.

"Are they..?"  Tenchi began.

"Oh Cyraqs," Tsunami called out in singsong.  "Bring Tenchi in with
you...it's so much fun!"

Cyraqs looked at Tenchi intently.  "Tenchi..."

"Yes?"

"RUN!"
