Dear Diary,
	Today was a fun day. Even though Ayeka and Ryoko fought today, it was okay, 
since they didn't break anything this time, thanks to Little Washu. Tee hee. 
Why do they fight all the time? I'm surprised that Tenchi didn't get angry. 
Last time, he got really mad.
	Everybody liked my cooking today, as always. They always thank me, at 
least, but it's getting very normal and routine to thank me. Only Tenchi 
bothers to go out of his way and tell me what a great job I did. Maybe I'm 
doing too much for everybody.
								-Sasami

Dear Diary,
	Ryoko got very angry today. She and Ayeka are still fighting outside, and I 
have never seen Tenchi so mad. He says he won't let them in unless they stop 
fighting. Why do they fight? Ayeka is yelling. I can hear her all the way 
from the backyard. 'You're a monster, that's what you are, Ryoko!' she's 
yelling right now. More explosions.
	I don't see what they have to fight about.
	Mommy and Auntie Funaho are coming soon! They sent me a letter!
								-Sasami

Dear Diary,
	Mommy is here. I can hear her hugging Ryoko. That's how she always is, I 
guess. Father didn't come. Auntie Funaho said that he doesn't know they even 
left the palace. Father needs to spend more time with Mother and Auntie. 
Ayeka is fighting with Ryoko again. I can't believe them. Why do they fight?
	Father wants me to go home, like the first time they came for a visit. I 
don't want to, because I love Tenchi and everybody else. I know that he 
might be very sad if I left with Ayeka, and he won't have me to cook for 
them! Hee.
	I should go down and start dinner now. Mother says that she wants to see me 
cook a Juraian meal today, so she can see how much I've improved!
								-Sasami

Dear Diary,
	I'm so mad. Ayeka ruined dinner two days ago, after all the hard work I 
did. She started by calling Ryoko a 'demon-woman' and that got Ryoko very 
upset. Tenchi tried to stop them, but it didn't work. The whole table was 
destroyed, and Washu almost got hurt. Mother and Auntie Funaho thought it 
was their fault, so they left an hour ago.
	I can't stand this anymore. Tenchi is always upset now, and Washu hardly 
ever comes to eat with everyone. I'm getting lonely, just eating quietly 
with Tenchi and Grandfather and Father. Why do they fight?
								-Sasami

=====

	"Sasami! Oh, Sasami, where are you? Where did you go?" Ayeka called into 
the dark forest. She knew it was useless, since the forest was such a big 
one, and Sasami was very good about keeping quiet when she was upset. Ryoko 
was also out searching, but she didn't seem to be getting any favorable 
results either. Tenchi had been looking since five o'clock in the afternoon, 
and he was still gone.

=====

Dear Diary,
	I'm hiding in a cave. I don't know how I got here, but I have enough food 
to stay here for a few days. I don't know why I did it. I guess it's because 
Ryoko started fighting with Ayeka again, right after breakfast. Only 
Ryo-ohki knows where I am, but she promised me she wouldn't tell if I gave 
her a basket of carrots, and I did just that.
	I feel really bad, because they must be really worried, but how can I tell 
them I just want them to stop fighting when I don't even know WHY they 
fight?
								-Sasami

=====

	"Tenchi, I'm getting very worried. Sasami's been gone for three days now!" 
Ayeka wailed, throwing her arms around Tenchi's shoulders. Tenchi patted her 
shoulder.
	"There's still a part of the forest I haven't searched yet. I'll find her, 
don't worry."

=====

Dear Diary,
	I'm getting very lonely all alone. It's scary here. I tried getting home, 
but I only went in circles and ended up in this cave again. I wish someone 
would come and find me. I'm almost out of food, too. I only have a few 
slices of bread and a rice ball.
								-Sasami

Dear Diary,
	I'm so scared. What if they never find me? I'm sorry that I ran away now. I 
just want to go back home to Tenchi and Ayeka and Ryoko, even if they fight 
a lot.
	Now I only have my rice ball. I think I've been gone for a week now.
	I'm so scared!
								-Sasami

=====

	"Tenchi, you've found her!" Ryoko yelled joyfully as Tenchi strode up to 
the edge of the forest, carrying an unconscious Sasami.
	"She's very weak. When I found her, she could barely recognize me," Tenchi 
explained. "And I'm not surprised. Being gone for ten days...I'll bet she 
got lost and didn't have a lot of food with her." Ryoko smiled and led 
Tenchi inside.
	Ayeka was sitting on the couch, staring out at the front yard, her eyes 
glazed and unfocused. She was very pale and she didn't seem to be blinking. 
Ryoko gave the princess an odd look and waved a hand in her face. Ayeka 
blinked and slowly turned her head to Ryoko. "...Yes?" Ryoko gesticulated to 
Tenchi, who was setting Sasami on the couch, next to Ayeka. Ayeka's eyes 
focused at once. "Sasami!" she cried, giving her little sister a hug.

=====

Dear Diary,
	Tenchi finally found me and brought me home. I'm glad he did. I got sick. 
Washu said it was an Earth disease called 'pneumonia' or something like 
that. But Washu knows how to make me better. I'm glad we have Washu with us, 
even though she IS kind of weird.
	I still don't know why Ayeka and Ryoko fight, but Tenchi told me they 
didn't fight at all while I was gone. I know they fight about Tenchi, but 
there must be more, since they fight so often. What do you think?
							-Sasami
P.S. They didn't fight today.


==-==

DISCLAIMER: These characters don't belong to me, they belong to Pioneer and 
AIC. Waaaaah! Leave me alone!

