Disclaimer: Tenchi is property of the famous
AIC and Pioneerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.
Hardcore.
Oh, and Saturday (Oooh! Oooh!) is property 
of Ludacris. Hahahaha. Ludacris. Hahahaha..
hehehehehe...ooo that's gonna keep me
laughing all day. Oh mercy.

This is another Sagat vs. Diabolo fic- so
enjoy!


(Kagato sings)
Winter's Day (Uh oh) aka. Kagato's Downfall
                                                               
I gotta big ol' sword, and a whole treasure horde
See Ice on wall, it's a winter day
Snowin', glowin, glowin' glowin'
You see them eyes glowin'
Comin' back for what's mine, gonna be right on time
Heart cold as diamond, it's a winter day
Snowin', glowin, glowin' glowin'
Think Ryoko's mind is goin'

Verse 1:
Nuclear power don't fuel my no more, got something new
Gems big as a house, thanks Washu
The Soja's much faster thanks to you
Should I pay back? NO I'LL JUST FUCKING KILL YOU!
How you gonna act now I've come back
Fucked up your daughter and locked you in a sack
20,000 years and you still ain't all that
If you think that kid's ass gonna beat me you on the wrong track
Ice, ice cold man that's me Kagato
So evil make Vegeta look like Goku
My mark (cruel as my heart) is the snow
So, daddy is here, causing pain and tears, pain and tears
Now don't it sound wrong?
You thought you'd killed me but I'm far too strong
On T.V., been away far too long
Run, run, it's fun to watch you go wrong

I gotta a big ol' ship, organ the size of a crypt
Curving fangs on my lip, it's a winter day
Snowin' showin', showin', showin'
My arrival is showin'
You can't escape, my mind games and rape
Just be scared and irate, it's a winter day
Snowin', blowin' blowin' blowin'
Think a bitter wind is blowin'

Verse 2: 
It's a laugh how you all in my ship run away, that's my game
Turn your head inside out, mash your brain
Stab you through neck yuk and turn you to stone, FEEL THE PAIN!
Act like I'm king of the world, ponce round in my gown let it swirl
How you gonna act like I won't be ruler one day?
And leave a lot of planets in ruin and decay
If I recollect I destroyed so much beauty
But I guess what I did back then was just duty
To show how much power I have I devour
You folks are so small man, you go not hope (You got no hope)
Like a noose from a rope, can't wash your sins with soap
It's no good girl, acting viruous as the Pope
I still control you, like sake and dope

I gotta great fight planned, gonna be the man,
Just like I always am, it's a winter day
Snowin', goin', goin' goin'
You're all goin', goin' down
All trapped on my ship, have a nice trip
I know I am sick, but I was made that way
Snowin', showin', showin, showin'
Think that Tenchi is finally showin'

Verse 3: 
Showdown fighters get your sword
Work that light, get rid of opponents. gloat and fight
So your the boy who's the shining light?
Think you can win? THAT'S ALL SHITE!
Act like I just do talk
How you gonna act like I don't walk?
How you gonna act like I don't stalk?
You're wetting yourself, I'm as quick as a HAWK
Faster than expected, but Kagato don't flinch
Even though he's gaining, inch by inch
Say, you're pretty tough thought you'd be a cinch
I'm so close, I thought I was winning, my head's spinning
Damn, my body will melt!
I can't win! I can't regain my health 
I can't control her- RYOKO please help!
I'll never be able to save myself...

I gotta wound in the neck, and my bodies a wreck
See the blood fleck, it's dying day
Snowin', showin', showin' showin'
My weaknesses are finally showin
All I did, now it don't mean shit
Cos I've been hit, it's my final day
Snowin', rowin', rowin', rowin'
The Grim reaper up the styx is rowin'

I gotta last confession, and deathbed convesion
I got a spirit repossesion, it's judgement day
Snowin', goin', goin', goin;
I know my life is slowly goin'
I gotta say sorry, but I don't worry
In no hurry to die today
Wheezing, lying, bleeding, sighing
You've won my boy
And I am dying

END

Well, that is MUCH BETTER than my last parody- 
but it would be hard to get any worse.
It started off as just another parody but I thought
I'd tell a story too- Kagato really really deserves
to die several times over, so I just wanted to
capture that moment for y'all. Ahhh bliss.
Anyways, tata for now!

Yrs.
Jim 'Diabolo' Moore

Any C&C to:
comageddon@ntlworld.com
jetset@ntlworld.com