Out in the starry void of space, well... er... nothing happened.  Oh, Sh*t!  
Wrong reel!

Ahem...

In a very different quadrant of space, the area around the sixth planet of 
the Ximi system
was buzzing with activity.  There was a new spaceship being built, the 
finest of the entire
fleet.  Shaped suspiciously like the starship Voyager, it was painted a very 
deep violet,
bordering on black, with the only decoration the ID of the ship, XMS 0964.  
But why was the
spaceship being built?  To... ahem... remove certain individuals from the 
general
population of the aforementioned 6th planet.  Criminals? No, they are not.  
Instead, they
are something much, much worse... Social aberrations! Know-it-alls with 
problems!
  In short... MST'ers!

These three particular MSTers focused on one particular type of 
fan-fiction... Tenchi Muyo
fan-fiction, of all shapes, colors, and sizes.  They continually bugged 
their neighbors to
the point of insanity with their frequent MSTings, to the point that there 
was a 50
square-mile area of barren land designated all around their dwelling in 
order to separate
the MSTers from the rest of the population.  Let's just say it didn't work. 
Finally, the
government decided that something must be done.

(Flashback, to the emergency meeting of the Ximian Grand High Council)

Third speaker: I don't care how you do it, just get rid of those idiots!  
Our psychiatric
wards in hospitals are full of people who have encountered those blasted 
MST'ers!

Fifth speaker(in a whining, nasal voice): I still do not understand, Third, 
how you allowed
those... aberrations to pollute the population of Ximi 06.  Why couldn't you 
have gotten
rid of them?

Second speaker(shocked): Fifth?  Are you saying what I think you are?

Seventh speaker: Oh, get a life, Second.  Just because it's...

First speaker(cutting Seventh off): We shall not go there today.  Fifth, as 
for why we have
not gotten rid of them yet is because Ximian laws prevent us from a.) 
killing them b.)
discriminating against them and c.) deporting them.  That, and I find their 
behavior rather
amusing.

All other speakers(shocked): FIRST!

First speaker: What?  However, in answer to what we shall do with these 
social problems...
while we cannot deport or exile them, we *can* send them out to deep space 
forever, in the
guise of "exploration".  We will have to outfit them with the finest ship we 
can produce,
however, so that no... questions... will be asked.

Third speaker(grumbling): Like anyone would care how we do it, as long as we 
get rid of
those... aberrations.

Eighth speaker: Our budget can handle it.  No expense is to great to get rid 
of those...
social delinquents.

First speaker: Then we are agreed?

All others: We are agreed.

(end flashback)

Therefore, the three MSTers were exiled to deep space, as far away from the 
Ximi system
as possible.

So, we start our long trip watching the three intrepid (if you could call 
them that)
MSTers settle into their quarters. All humanoid females, they are of average 
appearance,
but vary in height.

Star: Remind me one more time, why are we here?

Silver: Because we committed crimes against Ximanity, of course!

Kiati: And you believed that?

Star: Nevermind.  At least we don't have to put up with those dolts anymore.

Kiati: That's a relief.  I was getting tired of being warded away every time 
I said the word
"Tenchi".

Silver: Yeah!  Now, we have a ship, so, there's gotta be a captain.  Someone 
dominant of
personality, intelligent, personable, and...

Kiati: Tall. Therefore, have a nice day, captain Star.

Star: Eh?  Oh, alright.

Silver(heartbroken): *sniff*

Kiati: So, Captain Star, what shall we MST first with this new fan-fiction 
theater?
And we even have a nifty dimensional transporter, allowing us to snitch 
people from their
respective dimensions to help us MST these fanfics.

Silver(to Kiati): You're starting to sound like Vana...

Star: Alright.  I think for a nice easy intro, we shall try to MST... eenie 
meeinie miny
mo... _Newcomers_, by Naiyami Kasaki.

Silver: Eh... Captain, I think we're forgetting something

Kiati: Of course we aren't!  Now let's just set the ship on auto-pilot...

Star: The ship...

ALL: Oh.

Silver: YOU DOLT!  You forgot to name the ship!

Star: Well... Er... Ah... Didn't the Ximian council name it?

Kiati(Looking out bridge window): XMS 0964.  I think.

Star: That won't do!  Eh, Anyone got champagne?

Silver & Kiati: This is no time for a drink!

Star: Not for ME, to christen the ship (sort of).

Kiati: Nope.  I have a sinking suspicion that there is no champagne on 
board.

Silver: Well, I do have this one bottle of Bordeaux Cabernet Sauvignon from 
1945...

Star: That'll do (grabs the bottle)

Silver:  Hey!  That was a vintage year! Give it back! And it isn't even 
champagne!

Star(throwing bottle out airlock): I christen this ship the XMS Apocalypse 
Star!

Kiati & Silver: Noooooooooo!!

Silver:  You'll die for this!!  Do you have any idea how much that wine was 
worth?
  How rare that was!  And now it's all gone, wasted...

Star: Well, not all (is sitting there with a wineglass in hand, full of the 
aforementioned
Cabernet)

Silver: Hey! Give me that! (runs towards Star)

Star: (drinks the wine in one long gulp)

Silver: NOOO!!!  You idiot!  First you waste most of the bottle on the ship, 
then you drink
what's left all at once!  You're supposed to savor a vintage that good!

Star(wide, innocent eyes): What? What'd I do?

Silver: You owe me 3 new bottles. Same year, same winery, same type.  Now, 
let's get into
the theater and MST this fic.

Star: Alright. *sigh*


Roll Call:

Star: Now why are we here?

Kiati: Baka!  We basically volunteered!

Silver: Where is this ship going, anyway?


Newcomers

Star: What, no disclaimer?

Kiati:  We didn't have one either.

Silver: That's because we don't belong to any company, dolt.

Kiati: What?  We don't?

<On a fine summer morning, Tenchi was walking home with a stranger.>

All(singing): Stranger on the shore

Kiati: gotta love Acker Bilk

<The stranger looked like he was harmless. They got to the shrine when Yosho 
saw the
stranger.>

Silver: I guess Yosho needs new glasses, huh?  He couldn't see them coming.

Star: The word stranger gets very annoying when overused.

<" Oh my! We got a sudden visitor huh?" Yosho laughed.>

Kiati: What is so funny about sudden visitors?  They always come when the 
house isn't clean.

<" Grandpa!  I met him on the way home from school!" Tenchi yelled.>

Star(as Yosho): Silence, boy!  I am but two feet away from you!

<" I see! Okay! I thought you were keeping secrets from your grandpa!" Yosho
laughed.>

Silver: Hah hah. Hah. I fail too see what is giving the old man such a good 
time.

<" Go ahead and show the girls," Yosho said more primly.
Tenchi and the mysterious stranger walked to the house. >

Star:  Ooh, now he's a mysterious stranger.  Does Yosho stick a label on him 
that Tenchi
doesn't?

Silver: That made no sense.

<" Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, Kiyone, Washu, and Dad! I would like you 
to
meet Goku!" Tenchi said.>

Kiati: (counting) Did we leave anyone out?

Star: (groaning) Oh no... it's the TV universe!  And the author didn't warn 
us!

Silver: I bet we are going to see mixed up continuities...

<" Oh my! He looks like he's hungry! What would you like Goku?" Sasami 
asked.>

Star: Now Sasami has a sixth sense for when someone is hungry? And when do 
you invite
someone to eat before you have been properly introduced?

<" Wow! You can cook! Well, I think mostly anything is suitable for me!" 
Goku
replied happily.>

Kiati: *Mostly* anything?  And tell me, just what is it that Goku can't eat?

<" All right! It's settled! We are having lunch as... Meat, ribs, and 
veggies!"
Sasami said.>

Silver & Star: Ramen! Ramen! Ramen!

Kiati(glaring at the other two): When has Sasami made such a scanty meal?  
And when,
pray tell, has she announced two generalities and a specific as her menu?

<They all started to eat as they watched Goku have his plate empty in 
seconds..>

Star: Watching while eating can be very hazardous to your health.

Silver: Yeah, just think where those dining implements could end up.

All: *snicker*

<" Well, do ya want more?" Sasami asked Goku.>

Kiati(shocked): Sasami *never* says "Ya".  She always uses proper diction!

<" Would I! This stuff tastes like a restaurant!" Goku said.>

Silver: And just what does a restaurant taste like, Goku?

<"Wow! I never had that comment before!" Sasami cried.>

Star: I would be crying too if someone just said my cooking tasted like 
steel,
cement, bricks, and greasy ovens!

<They all finished eating and kept bothering Goku with questions.
" Did you ever have a son?" Mihoshi asked.
" Yeah of course! I have two sons!" Goku replied.
They all gasped. >

All: *gasp*

<" Really? Tenchi's got a daughter! His wife is unknown to us but Washu 
revived
his daughter! She's upstairs sleeping!" Mihoshi said.>

All: -_-'

Star: The quintessential Mihoshi. Not to insult her, but she will 
occasionally
say things like that.

Kiati: Next thing you know, Pretty Sammy will appear in this bizarre mix of 
continuities.

<" Daddy? What are all the sounds?" Mayuka asked.>

All: *groan*

<" Wow! This family has cool colors on their hair! Did they all die them 
Tenchi?"
Goku asked.>

Silver: Well, actually, Ayeka did dye her hair purple.  It is a fact that 
her hair was
blue like both of her sister and mother, but dyed it in order to look more 
grown-up and
be a more fit bride for Yosho.

Kiati:  That still gives me the creeps. Incest is just... wrong.

<"  No, they were born with purple, blue, pink, or any other color they have 
for
hair." Tenchi said.
" Daddy? Who's that guy?" Mayuka asked.
" Mayuka, this is Goku!" Tenchi answered.
" Exactly how old is your daughter Tenchi? 9, 10?" Goku asked.
" Well, she was a lot older when she came here, she's only how young she is
right now is because she lived in the Domain of Darkness! Her owner was very
angry at her and destroyed her, I carried the piece with me and Washu 
revived
her!" Tenchi answered. " She's 5," Tenchi continued.>

Star: Was that all one sentence?

Silver: Three, I think.

Kiati: Most people would simply answer "she's five," or something of that 
sort.


<" I'm scared daddy!" Mayuka cried.
" It's okay! I am completely harmless to nice people!" Goku said patting 
Mayuka.
" Well, okay..." Mayuka said.
" Now, what's your name?" Goku said primly.
" Mayuka! Mayuka Masaki!" Mayuka answered.
" Okay, nice to meet you Mayuka! I am Goku!" Goku said happily.
While they were having a conversation, they heard a knock at the door.
" I'll get it!" Ryoko said. Ryoko went to the door. When she got to the 
door,
she yelled.>

All: YELL!

<" Tenchi!!!" Ryoko cried.>

Star: Wasn't she supposed to yell that?

Silver: Maybe she cried out of pity for Brock's behavior?

<" What?" Tenchi yelled.
" These people got lost..." Ryoko said.
" Hi! I am Ash Ketchum! These are my friends, Misty and Brock. We got lost 
on
our way to Kanto. If you can tell us, where are we?" Ash asked.>

Kiati: Ahem. (as Ryoga) WHERE AM I NOOOOOWWWWW????


<" Well, you are definitely not in Kanto! You are in Okayama, Japan!" Tenchi
said.
" Oh my! Do ya have Pokemon?" Ash asked.
" Nope! Wrong place!" Ryoko said.
" Do you mind if we stay for a while?" Misty asked.>

Silver(as Tenchi): Sure, as long as you are not a) a space pirate b)Kagato's 
minion
c)someone who has a grudge against anyone in this household d) another alien 
relative
from outer space...

Kiati(as Misty): Huh?

<" Sure!" Tenchi said. They all walked in the living room, when Misty 
screamed. >

Star(as Misty): Oh no!  I might have to sleep in the same room as Ash!

<" What is this... thing?" Misty screamed.
" It is a cabbit! I created this cabbit a long time ago!" Washu answered.>

All: That's Washu-*chan*, missy!

<" I never heard of a cabbit before! How'd you make it?" Misty asked 
curiously.
" Well, long story!" Washu said. As Washu and Misty walked into the living 
room,
Brock was asking Sasami questions.>
<" So! Is it true that you were chosen on a T.V. show called " The Ferrous 
Chef?"
Brock asked.>

Star: *Brr* I don't know what a Ferrous chef is, but I'm already afraid of 
them!

<" Yes, I have a question. How'd you get lost?" Sasami asked. Ash walked 
into the
kitchen.
" I told you we should've took a right when we were at the Pokemon Amusement
Park!!!" Ash yelled.
" Hey! The left said exit!" Brock said.
" Well, maybe Washu was testing her dimension invention again..." Sasami 
said.>

Silver(as Sasami): Be glad that Washu didn't want a sample too...

<" Wow! You created Ryo-ohki like that? You are the greatest genius in the
universe!" Misty said.
" Wow! A newcomer saying that phrase!" Washu cried. Misty then walked into 
the
kitchen.
" That Washu! Very interesting!" Misty kept on repeating.
" Misty! Do ya think we should've taken the right?" Ash asked.
" Well, there would've been no choice!" Misty said. Goku soon walked into 
the
kitchen.>

Silver: He's still around?

Kiati:  You know Tenchi doesn't have enough spine to kick anyone out of his 
house.

<" Wow! We do have a busy day!" Goku said.
" Oh! Hello Goku! Are you still a little hungry?" Sasami asked.
" Well, all this visiting stuff is making my tummy ache!" Goku answered.
" What would you like? Pork,  meat?" Sasami asked.
" Meat please!" Goku said.>

Silver: Eh?  If pork is the other white meat, then why was Goku presented 
with the
choices of pork and meat?

Star: Well, if pork is meat, but meat is not pork, then shouldn't you 
separate them?

Kiati and Silver: -_-'

Silver: Your stupidity amazes me.

<" Coming right up!!!" Sasami said.
It was very late and the Pokemon people and Goku were still lost. Tenchi had
offered all four of them a room to sleep in for the night.>

Star: Goku is never lost! He can always fly around until he gets his 
bearings, and then
head back home.

<" Ash! It feels good to sleep again!" Brock said.
" Yeah!" Ash said.
" Have you guys ever been to Grand Kai's place?" Goku said butting in.
" Grand what?" Misty said.
" Kai! He's well... AT the planet!" Goku said.
" No..." Misty said. Tenchi soon walked in the room.
" I hope you guys are feeling comfy! Well, good night!" Tenchi said. They 
all
went to sleep.>

Kiati: And they never woke up. THE END.

Silver: You wish.  Now shut up and watch the fic.

<It was morning and they heard Ash shouting attacks for Pikachu to do.
" Ash? What are you doing?" Misty asked.
" Training Pikachu!" Ash said.
" Well, don't wake the people!" Misty said.
" What in the world is that gigantic mouse and Goku doing here?" Nobiyuki 
said.>

Star: Eh? Goku and Noboyuki know each other?

Kiati: Yes, they were introduced at the beginning of the fic.

Star: Oh.  You expected me to remember that?

Kiati(muttering): Baka.

<" Pikachu is not a gigantic mouse! He's a Pokemon!" Ash yelled.
" Tenchi? What are all these newcomers doing here Tenchi?" asked Nobiyuki.>

Silver: Here Tenchi, here Tenchi!! Good doggie.

<" Well, they got lost dad!" Tenchi said.
" Well, in that case...." Nobiyuki said puzzled.
" Ash, sorry! Pikachu, sorry!" Nobiyuki said.
" Pika! Pikachu! Cha!" Pikachu said hugging Nobiyuki.>

Kiati: why would Pikachu say "Hugging Noboyuki"?  All that darn mouse says
is Pika or Chu.

<" Wow! Do we have a family tree here or what?" Ayeka said looking puzzled.>

Star: That makes absolutely no sense.

<" Ayeka! I know why! You weren't feeling well when we met Goku, Ash, Misty 
and
Brock!" Tenchi said.
" Ayeka! They took our money room for sleeping in!" Ryoko whispered.
Ayeka gasped.
" Get those people OUT!!!" Ayeka yelled.
" Ayeka! I know they took the room but I hid the stuff! Sasami said.>

Silver: Is this the room where the money is hidden?  Or the room where the 
"Secret Juraiian
Bridegroom Training" is held?

Kiati: You have to stop going to the Ayeka "S" Shrine.

<" WELL, YOU BETTER HAVE, SASAMI!!!" Ayeka yelled.
Ash, Misty, Brock, and Goku looked very puzzled. Tenchi was embarrassed. 
Sasami
was crying.
" Ayeka! Why do you have to be like this! You're so cruel!!!" Sasami cried.
" I'm sorry Sasami...I just.... Don't like red-haired brats!" Ayeka said.>

Star: AHRLI alert! Or at least an AHI.

Kiati: Ayeka would not develop an irrational dislike for Misty based solely 
on the
color of her hair...

Silver: We hope.

<" Hey! You are mean Ayeka! I am not a red-haired brat! I may be red-haired 
but I
am not a brat!" Misty yelled.
" Oh yeah? I bet Sasami might have hid the stuff but you could've stole a 
buck
or two!" Ayeka said.>

Star: Is it GEICO that can save you a buck or two?

Silver: I thought it was 1-800-COLLECT

Kiati: You're both wrong.  AFLACK!

Silver & Star:-_-'

<" I have no clue what you are talking about!" Misty yelled.
" Ryoko! Help!" Tenchi whispered.
" Well, okay," Ryoko said.
" Now!" Tenchi said.
" Hey you! Yes, you! I thought I saw an egg in your bag! You stole the 
egg!!!"
Ryoko yelled.>

All: -_-'

Silver(as Tenchi): Not that way...

<" Not that way..." Tenchi said.>

Kiati: You called it.

<" Togepi may be a egg Pokemon but she's not all the way egg!" Misty said.
" Not to me!!" Ryoko laughed.
" Go Poliwag! Doubleslap her good!" Misty yelled. Poliwag had heard Misty 
and
obeyed.
" Ouch! What'd you do that for, huh? You are a brat!" Ryoko yelled.>

Kiati: This is going beyond the bounds of sanity...

<" Hey! What's all the racket?" Kiyone said.
" Oh, are you Galaxy Police First Class Detective Kiyone Makibi?" Brock 
asked.
" Oh! SO you've heard of me?" Kiyone said.>

Star: Oh no, not more of Brock's womanizing...

<" Ah oh! Here we go again," Misty said getting ready to pull Brock's ear.
" A-," Brock said right before Misty pulled his ear.
" Get away Brock!" Misty said.>

Star: -_-'

<It was dinnertime and the girls were still mad at each other. After the 
"red-
haired brat" incident Misty never sat next to Ayeka or Ryoko. Sasami was 
still
mad at sister. Sasami was so mad at Ayeka she forgot serve Ayeka her dinner!
Ayeka waited impatiently for her food. Finally, Sasami sat down. Ayeka 
glared at
Sasami who was eating her noodle soup. Ayeka tapped her fingers and stomped 
her
feet but Sasami didn't see why Ayeka was so mad. Finally, Ayeka stood up.>

Silver: A.)That's Ramen Sasami's eating, and B.) Sasami would not get back 
at her sister
in such a puerile way.

<" SASAMI! WHATEVER HAPPENED TO MY DINNER?" Ayeka screamed.>

Kiati: We have a confirmed sighting of an AHI.

Star: Not an AHRLI?

Kiati: No, the RL part doesn't fit in this story.

<" I guess I was so mad at you that I forgot that you were alive," Sasami 
said.
Sasami sat up to cook more rice and noodles. She had got out her frying pan 
and
started frying. Ayeka waited nearly an hour for her noodles and rice. 
Finally
Ayeka sat up.
"SASAMI! I WAITED AN HOUR AND MY DINNER AND STILL NO DINNER!" Ayeka yelled.>

Silver: Ayeka has finally lost it...

Star: Or this author will soon.

<" Let's see the problem... Ah ha! I forgot to plug in the rice!" Sasami 
said
plugging in the cord.
Ayeka then knocked over the table. She stomped her feet and tapped her 
fingers
on the wall impatiently. She stomped up and down the stairs. She watched 
T.V.
madly. She got up again and began stomping up and down the stairs again. She
went to the kitchen still finding Sasami cooking her dinner. She sat down 
and
started crying.>

Silver(as Ayeka): I'm stuck in this stupid fic, people are invading my home, 
the author
is making me into a maniac, and I MISSED MY SOAPS!!!

Star: -_-'

<" Whatever did I do to you Sasami? Why is it taking so long?" Ayeka cried.
" Ayeka! DO you know now how I felt when you yelled? I was so hurt I cooked
everybody else dinner but you so you would apologize! But I went down the 
wrong
path. I should've cooked you dinner. I'm sorry," Sasami apologized.>

Star(as Yoda): Fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate, hate leads to 
suffering.

Kiati(as Yoda): Fear, Hate, Aggression.  The Dark side are they.

Silver(as Yoda): Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate 
your destiny.

<" You are forgiven," Ayeka said.
Sasami gave Ayeka her dinner and Sasami and Ayeka looked at each other in 
bliss.>

Kiati: I wouldn't touch that with a 50-foot pole.

<Ayeka started her dinner as everyone went to sleep.
" Hey! Sasami? Can you kick me up a snack before bed?" Ash asked.
" What would you like?" Sasami asked.
" Rice balls please!" Ash said.
Sasami cooked rice balls and gave them to Ash.
" Wow! It seems this one's better than Brock's!" Ash said feeling elation in 
his
body.>

All: *blanch*

Star: That has some serious potential for going wrong.

Kiati(praying): Dear God, don't let this be a lemon. Dear God, don't let 
this be a lemon.

Silver(hiding behind her seat): Tell me when it's over...

<" See ya in the morning!" Ash said as he went upstairs.>

All: *phew* What a relief.

Silver: That was a close one.

<" Sasami, thank you for the dinner, good night!" Ayeka said placing her 
bowl in
the sink.
" Good night, Ayeka," Sasami said.
The next day Ayeka was up cranky. Her hair was all messed up and her pajamas
were crinkled. Everybody looked at her surprised. Ryoko didn't seem 
surprised
for a reason. Ayeka's eyes were as red as a rose. She was walking very 
slowly.
She got to the couch and started sleeping.>

Star(singing): Red is the color of my true love's eyes in the morning.

Kiati & Silver: -_-'

Star: What?

<" Gee, I wonder why Ayeka is so tired," Sasami said.
"HAHAHAHAHAHA!" Ryoko laughed.
"Ryoko? Why are you laughing?" Sasami asked angry.
" I woke Ayeka up at six o' clock A.M. and messed her up and everything!" 
Ryoko
said laughing.
" WHAT?!" Sasami said madly.
" Uh-oh..." Ryoko said.>

Star: Any Ryoko x Ayeka jokes, and someone's head will roll.

<They heard a step from the couch. Ayeka's eyes were redder than a minute 
ago.
" BE QUIET! I, AYEKA, AM TRYING TO SLEEP!" Ayeka yelled.
Ryoko and Sasami moved to the yard followed by the others.
" Ryoko! Why would you do something like that?" Tenchi yelled.
" Well..." Ryoko said.
" Well what?" Tenchi yelled.
" Well... You don't want to know!" Ryoko yelled disappearing.>

Kiati: We didn't say anything!

<As Tenchi ran, a girl with brown hair was arriving.
" Hi, I'm Sakura. I got lost finding the dash card, have you seen a skinny
puppy?" Sakura asked.
"It must have gone by while Ryoko and I were fighting!" Tenchi said.
" Come inside!" Sasami said.
As they walked in, Ayeka was drooling.>

Silver:  That makes no sense at all.

<" WHAT IS THIS NEWCOMER DOING HERE?" Ayeka roared.
" Ayeka, she got lost as well as the others!" Sasami said.
" Umm... Sorry to bother you," Sakura said.
" Sorry, Ayeka cranky today because of an incident," Sasami said.
Sasami got Sakura to sit down and eat. As Misty was approaching, Ayeka got 
back
up and yelled.>

Kiati: So, Sasami has started taking in people like strays and feeding them?
Where did this come from?

<" RED HAIRED BRAT!" Ayeka yelled.
" OH YEAH! PURPLE HEAD!" Misty yelled.
" WHAT? YOU'RE A BRAT?" Ayeka laughed.
" Here we go," Tenchi said walking in the room.
" ALIEN!" Misty laughed.
" POKEMON..." Ayeka paused.
" What did you say?" Ash said running into the room.
" I said your friend here is a POKEMON..." Ayeka said forgetting the last 
word.
" What's going on?" Ryoko yelled.
" Yeah! I called her an alien! That's right purple hair!" Misty laughed.
" What makes you think Juraians are aliens?" Ryoko yelled.
" Why? Gotta a problem with that?" Misty teased.>

All:-_-'

<Sasami walked in the kitchen holding a drum and drumstick. She bonked the 
drum>

Silver: Eeww...

Star and Kiati: Sicko!

Silver: No, I didn't mean it that way!  Just think of all the grease over 
the drumhead
because Sasami hit it with a drumstick!

Star(muttering): Baka...

<and everybody got quiet. They all looked at each other in joy, because it 
was
breakfast. They all crowded in the kitchen, even Nobiyuki and Yosho. Sasami
glared at her sister. Ayeka, of course, did not notice with all the food on 
the
table. Ryoko saw Sasami glaring at Ayeka, so seeing this made Ryoko laugh.
Everybody looked at her in surprise and went back to eating. Ayeka was angry 
at
Ryoko's manners. She stood up.
" Ryoko! Mind your manners!" Ayeka said.
" When did you care?" Ryoko said.
" Right now!" Ayeka said.>

Kiati: This author has some pretty... weird ideas of how Ryoko and Ayeka 
behave.

Star: Closer to no ideas...

<Just then, Sakura disappeared. They looked and looked for her, but not even
Yosho could find her. They looked in the lake, the forest, and the whole
household for Sakura. They all gave up and Washu had a sudden idea.
" Ah hah! They might be in my lab!" Washu said.>

Silver: Wouldn't that be impossible?  Nobody goes into Washu's lab without 
her knowing.

<Washu went to look alone because nobody bothered to enter the lab at this 
time
of day. Washu entered her lab and saw Sakura under her chair. Sakura had a 
staff
with a star at the end. She was whispering some words and then suddenly, a
skinny little puppy like thing turned into a card. Washu was puzzled. As 
Sakura
was passing by, she saw Washu. >

Star: I didn't realize Cardcrappers on WB had messed up this bad.  When she 
is still
capturing Clow Cards, her staff is still the Key of the Covenant.  Only 
after she
defeats Yue is her staff drawing power from her own star.

<" Did you see me?" Sakura asked.
" Yeah! Cool!" Washu said.
" You a scientist or something?" Washu asked curiously.
"Nope," Sakura said.
Washu and Sakura soon became good friends. Well, Ayeka and Misty wouldn't be 
an
example of improving friends. The 'red haired brat' incident and the ' 
purple
haired alien' incidents keep coming. Tenchi, well, he is just fine. Mihoshi,
they have no clue where she is. >

Silver: Well, that is true.  She could be helping Yosho with chores, 
sleeping, or be on
patrol, however.

<" MIHOSHI!" Sasami called.
" YEAH?" Mihoshi said.
" LUNCH!" Sasami said.
"Okay!" Mihoshi said arriving just in time to start munching with the 
others.
Ayeka and Misty were never good to each other. Ryoko looked very suspicious.
Sasami was still angry at Ryoko because what she did. Ryo-ohki was never 
begging
for carrots.>

Kiati: Eh?  What did Ryoko do to make Sasami mad?

Silver: and what's this last bit about "Ryo-ohki was never begging for 
carrots"?  I don't
get it.

Star: Smile and nod.  Hopefully the author will tell us soon.

<" Ryoko? Where's Ryo-ohki?" Sasami asked.
" Ummm.... Maybe the carrot fields," Ryoko answered.
Right Ryoko was. Ryo-ohki was caught on Washu's experimental camera.>

Kiati: Is that like "hooked on Phonics"?

Star: Baka.

<When they actually got to the carrot fields Ryo-ohki was as fat as manatee. 
Every single
carrot was gone and Sasami looked at Ryo-ohki. Ryo-ohki smiled in a way she 
knew
Sasami was angry with her.
" Ryo-ohki! You just ruined our dinner," Sasami sighed.
" Myaaaa! Myaaaa!" Ryo-ohki said walking to the shrine.>

Silver: No comma.  Big problem. Ryo-ohki never says "walking to the shrine". 
  She only says
Miyaa!

<When they got back home, they caught Misty and Ayeka fighting again. They 
all
just sighed and let them fight. Tenchi woke up and yelled. Ayeka heard and 
ran
up to his bed.>

Star: But Ayeka is properly demure!  She would never go into Tenchi's 
bedroom uninvited!

Silver: Only if you discount Oujosama to oyobi...

Kiati: Brr...

<" Lord Tenchi? What's wrong?" Ayeka asked.
" Nothing..." Tenchi answered.
Ayeka ran back downstairs and found Ryoko gone. Sakura was sampling Sasami's
cooking while Brock, Ash, and Misty were eating. Ryoko then appeared and 
took
Ayeka somewhere nobody knew where. Ryoko then did something that Ayeka fell
asleep. Ryoko then crumpled her pajamas and messed up her hair. Ryoko then 
put
Ayeka in the kitchen. Goku sensed Ryoko there and yelled. Ryoko appeared and
laughed. Sasami glared at Ryoko.>

Silver: now that was wrong.  Ryoko wouldn't do something like that.  This 
author has got
Ryoko way OOC.

Star:  I don't think this author even knows what Ryoko would be like in 
character,


<" RYOKO! What did Ayeka do to you?" Sasami said angrily.
" I don't want to talk about it, okay?" Ryoko said disappearing.
Goku, Sasami, Ash, Tenchi, Misty, Brock, Mihoshi, Yosho, Kiyone, and 
Nobiyuki
looked at each other. They all continued eating.>
"<Where's what's her name?" Misty said.
They all looked at each other. Ayeka was looking for Sakura.
An hour later, they went to Washu. They all found her in one of Washu's 
newest
inventions. She was strapped up and was telling Washu were to send her. 
Washu
heard where Sakura wanted to go and typed it in. In a flash Sakura was gone.
<Ash, Misty, and Brock ran to Washu telling her to send them to Kanto. She 
was
very annoyed and finally agreed. They all got strapped up and said their 
last
words.>

Star: If I was hooked up to one of her machines, so would I.

<" Ayeka, you may be a little brat but thanks..." Misty said.
When Ayeka heard Misty's words her eyes sparkled.
" For doing what?" Ayeka said.
" For teaching me how to meet people from different places," Misty said.
" You are welcome," Ayeka cried.
" Thanks for everything!" Ash said.
They all said their good-byes and in a flash disappeared. Finally, Goku was
left. He told Washu were to go and thanked Tenchi. Tenchi said good-bye and 
Goku
disappeared.
Ayeka was very sad that Misty was gone but when the newcomers were gone, 
there
was no more anger. Ayeka always remembered Misty and never forgot.>

Star: ...That Misty called Ayeka a purple haired alien.

Kiati: Actually, that isn't too far off from the truth.

Silver: Just don't tell Ayeka that.

<A day later, Tenchi sighed.
" Well, at least there is peace here now..." he whispered.>

All: YEAH RIGHT!

<" HEY! RYOKO! WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING TO TENCHI!" Ayeka said 
yelling.>

Star: HEY AYEKA! TURN OFF THE CAPS LOCK!

<" HOW'D YOU KNOW I WAS RIGHT BEHIND TENCHI?" Ryoko asked.
" I SENSE DANGER NEAR TENCHI! YES! YOU ARE DANGER ALL RIGHT!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" Ayeka said.>

Silver: When did Ayeka become able to sense danger around a person?

Star: She never struck me as the sensitive type...

Kiati: I hope for your sake that you meant ESP sensitive.

Star(hastily replying): Of course!

<" WELL YOU KNOW WHAT? YOU ARE MORE DANGEROUS THAN.... THE RYUTEN DEMON!" 
Ryoko laughed.
" YOU MONSER!" Ayeka said.>

Silver(singing): I'm a monser, you're a monser, we are monsers all!

<" WHAT? I'M SORRY, I COULDN'T HEAR THE NEW DEMON...WHAT'S THAT?" Ryoko 
laughed.
"GRRRR...LEAVE TENCHI ALONE!" Ayeka yelled.
" I take that back...there may be no more visitors for us, but still, I need
peace." Tenchi said sighing.
" Well, at least you can live with them!" Sasami said coming right beside
Tenchi.
" You're right. At least..." Tenchi said.
Sasami walked away from Tenchi to try and break up Ayeka and Ryoko. Tenchi
sighed and went to the balcony. He looked down and then up. He walked away 
to
help Sasami.>

All: Yay!

Star: It's over!

Kiati: At last!

Silver: THE END!

~~~~~~~~------------_______----------------~~~~~~~~~~---------------
___________~~~~~

DISCLAIMER: I don't own these characters. They belong Pioneer, AIC, 
Funimation
(or whoever owns DBZ), and er...Pioneer again, and Clamp.

Star: Oh.  So here's the disclaimer.

Silver: A little shaky, but it'll do.

Kiati: Yep.  Well, till next time!

Star: Wait!  We haven't done the wrap up!

Silver: Damn.

Kiati: Well, Cap'n?

Star: Well what?

Silver: The wrap up, baka!

Star: Oh.  Well, this was our first MSTing.  Please be gentle when reviewing 
us.  Future
crewmembers will be added once at a time. We will return...

All: Bwahahahahahahaha.

Authors' notes: Yes, there are two of us... Authors, that is.  We are 
represented by our
respective Avatars, Star and Silver.  The playful commentary in this piece 
represents
our usual mode of conversation.  As for a disclaimer, well, err... we really 
don't need
one, because no one in this MSTing is an Anime, RPG, or other sort of 
character.  Many
thanks go out to our mutual friend for letting us use her Avatar with 
such... poetic
license.  Please R&R & comment and send them to starflash64@hotmail.com.

