You know Tenchi Muyo is having a negative impact on your life when….

Written by Gabe Ricard



Being the huge Tenchi Muyo geek that I am I figured I’d publish something
similar to my View Askew list only this wont be as funny. This is the first
draft and I hope enough people will toss in their own suggestions so I can
write an improvement to this and give credit to those who do send in
suggestions. So read on and enjoy the fic and remember that I don't own
these guys and they belong to the good folks at Pioneer.





You know Tenchi Muyo is having a negative impact on your life when….

1.Whenever you talk to other anime fans you look at them quizzicly and ask
what they mean by "other anime and manga."

2.You have lost at least one girlfriend/boyfriend trying to set up a
triangle similar to the Aeka/Tenchi/Ryoko triangle.

3.You own back up copies of all Tenchi episodes and movies

4.You’ve had to use one of the back up copies

5.You call up your local pet stores on a daily basis and demand to know when
their getting a shipment of Ryo-Oh-Ki’s

6.You hold constant arguments about the true spelling of Aeka and Washu’s
names

7.You know Washu’s science song by heart and are often found singing it
either to yourself or out loud

8.You bought a DVD player just so you could own the DVD versions of the
various Tenchi shows.

9.Mark Miller (the voice of Tenchi in all three shows) has filed numerous
restraining orders on you.

10.You receive an F in History when your teacher informs you that the Jurian
empire doesn’t count as one of histories great empires.

11.Even after eight viewings the ending to Tenchi Universe still makes you
cry.

12.Your entire room is wallpapered with Tenchi posters

13.Without stopping, you can name every line and scene that Pioneer changed
in some way when they where preparing it for Toonami

14.Web masters consider your signature in their guest books as a badge of
honor.

15.You’ve had to take at least one cat to the vet after throwing it in the
air and expecting it to turn into a spaceship

16.You left your local police station in digust when you found that no one
named Kiyone or Mihoshi works there

17.You have created a web site devoted to proving that Aeka and Ryoko are
sevretly in love

18.You actually liked Tenchi in Tokyo

19.You hit on your relatives reasoning that if Tenchi can fall in love with
a realative so can you.

20.People refuse to talk to you because all you do is talk about how great
Tenchi Muyo is.

21.You own both English and Japanese copies of all Tenchi manga

22.ou learned Japanese just so you can read the Japanese Tenchi mangas

23.You saw an episode of Sailor Moon and saw it as nothing more then a bad
rip off of Pretty Sammy

24.You’ve started numerous petitions for a 3rd Tenchi OAV

25.You have at least five megs of Tenchi images and media on your computer

26.After your latest 3rd OAV petition fails…you get a bunch of people
togther and make your own

27.You argue in great detail that Nagi shouldn’t have won the bathing suit
contest in Tenchi Universe because going naked shouldn’t count as a bathing
suit.

28.Your grandpa has had to ask you to stop calling him Yosho on several
occasions

29.You get knife and name it after yourself

30.You pick fights with people you KNOW can kick your ass confident the
power of Tsunami will lead you to victory

31.While others have porno magazines you have a tape consisting of nothing
but the nude scenes from the three Tenchi shows.




Well that’s it…this list wasn’t very funny but I’m hoping enough people will
contribute funnier ideas so I can write an update. If you liked this and my
other stuff head over to FanFiction.net and search my name to find over 50
fan fics from nearly 18 different categories! Thanks for reading and let me
know what you think.

End.
