Tenchi Muyo! and all related character are copyrighted by 
Pioneer . Xenogears is copyrighted by Square Co.,Ltd
This is a Xenogear /Tenchi Muyo! crossover. My name is W. 
Showers My e-mail address is MShowmoney@aol.com



Final Chapter
 XenoHawk slices AntiXeno arm off. Fei smiles " Still what some 
ugly?" AntiXeno covers the hole where his arm was. "No not to 
the likes of you!" AntiXeno rushes at XenoHawk with his 1 good 
arm. Unfortunately for him XenoHawk is way to strong for him and 
catches his fist. XenoHawk's aura grows then dissipates. 
XenoHawk engulfs AntiXeno with a huge energy blast from the hand 
that is holding AntiXeno's fist. AntiXeno is reduced to a pile 
of smoldering ashes. Citan , Billy , and Elly cheer from their 
fallen gears. XenoHawk glides toward them and shoots a white 
bean at them. Their gears glow brightly, brighter and 
brighter........ When all the light dims the fallen gears find 
themselves restored and upgraded to their omnigear form. Citan 
is in disbelief " What sort of powers does that gear have?" All 
of a sudden they feel a rumbling from the ground. Elly contacts 
Washu "What's going on Washu?" Washu appears on the screen 
"Krelian laid out a well executed sneak plan. As soon as you 
guys left for his base he sent out his H-Angels to attack all 
the major cities of the world. I tried to inform you but there 
was a strange interference. Ryoko , Ayeka , and Mihoshi went to 
check it out, sadly they didn't survive the encounter." Tenchi 
gasps in the cockpit then starts pounding the console. "That's 
not all some of the H-Angels have came to the shrine , Tenchi , 
your grandfather and father didn't survive. Sasami and I are the 
sole surviors." Tenchi is crying " We're got to go back 
quickly." Fei disagrees " No we have to finish off Krelian. Elly 
and Billy go to the house,  check for Washu. Citan go to help. 
Then take out any and all H-Angels you see." Billy hesitates 
"What about you two?" XenoHawk turns to face Krelian's chamber 
"We'll finish him off for good. Now hurry we don't have much 
time." Elly, Billy and Citan leave. Tenchi questions Fei "Was 
that wise? We might need them to attack Krelian." Fei reasserts 
himself "They don't have nearly the amount of power we have. 
O.k. stabilize the lighthawk wings we're attacking." But before 
they can attack the chamber is blown open. Krelian emerges from 
the chamber. His hair is all the colors of the rainbow. He is 
also surrounded by a strange dark aura. "So, it seems that we 
are destined to fight again Fei...But this time fate is on my 
side. I am a GOD now." Krelian extends his hand , gathers energy 
and shoots a energy blast that destroys the complex. Krelian 
hovers high above the blasted area. " Good job I expected as 
much from you." Krelian turns around to see XenoHawk behind him. 
Fei and Tenchi are in shock "How did you know we were behind 
you?" Krelian smiles "I am a god  I know everything." Krelian 
londges at XenoHawk , attacking with a fury of punches. Xenohawk 
blocks all of them. Krelian backs up then launches several large 
energy blast at XenoHawk. They are all stopped by an invisible 
force field in front of XenoHawk. Tenchi focuses his power on 
Krelian "You butcher you killed my family.....die!!!!" Krelian 
back up some more "So thats it, another pilot helping , 
interesting........" XenoHawk comes at Krelian with sword 
slices. Krelian is dodging each slice even though each slice is 
coming at .5 seconds apart. After many attempts XenoHawk stops. 
Tenchi and Fei are short of breath. Krelian mock them "If that's 
it you should give up now before you get hurt." Fei mocks back 
"I noticed you didn't land an attack either Krelian." Krelian is 
angered "You imputent whelp, you pay for that." Krelian spreads 
out his arms and yells "Timefreeze" The world around him  stops. 
Every thing has crystal look to it like glass. Krelian floats 
over to the frozen XenoHawk "Lets see how tough you are not 
moving." Krelian prepares to attack , but as he does the glass 
breaks around him and XenoHawk is free. Krelian is in disbelief 
"No...That's not possible" Tenchi laughs "Sorry we've got that 
ability too!" Krelian is livid. He flys out to space. XenoHawk 
follows. Krelian turns and faces the Earth "You shouldn't be 
this powerful. I was the one that absorbed the genetic code and 
suffered. But if I can't rule no one will." Krelian powers up to 
his maximum. He then creates an energy sphere 10 times bigger 
than the Earth. Krelian laughs crazily "Dodge if you want but 
it's headed for Earth." Krelian throws the sphere. XenoHawk 
positions itself in front of the incoming sphere. Tenchi is 
going crazy in the cockpit " What are we doing it'll kill us?" 
Fei calmly answers "We're got to catch it or Earth is gone. Try 
to muster all the energy you can so we can reflect it...." The 
sphere hits them head on. Instead of stopping it XenoHawk is 
riding it all the way to Earth just like a bug on a car 
windshield. Fei positions XenoHawks sword inside the sphere "O.K 
I got the sword in the blast all I need is a blast powerful 
enough to destroy it. Tenchi that's your department." Tenchi is 
straining to build energy "I...need....a 
...few.....more.....minutes......" Fei trys to buy some time for 
Tenchi by turning Xenohawk's thrusters on , and pushing the 
opposite direction of the sphere's course. The sphere slows a 
little but continues on it's death run. The sphere continues to 
carry them for a few more  minutes. Then XenoHawk's thrusters 
blow out. And it just happens that they have started entering 
the Earth's atmosphere. Fei pleads with Tenchi "We can't wait 
any more Tenchi release the energy." Tenchi releases the energy 
into XenoHawk's sword. The blast takes out the sphere , but the 
beam keeps going toward an energy drained Krelian. 
"Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!" The energy beam hits 
Krelian and destroys him. Tenchi is astound by the blast hitting 
Krelian "What a shot." Fei smiles "I was going on the fact you 
would gather more than enough energy , and I aimed at our 
defense less friend." Tenchi laughs "And the scary thing is that 
I only got to 50% of our full power.Let's go home." XenoHawk 
flys back to the Masaki shrine.
 
The Masaki shrine is partially ruined. Fei and Tenchi get out of 
XenoHawk  and head into Washu's lab. Once inside the lab they 
meet up with Washu and Sasami. Sasami gives Tenchi a big hug and 
tells him all about what happened after they left. Meanwhile 
Washu pulls Fei over to the side to tell him about some dire 
news. "What is it Miss Washu?" Washu has a haggard look on her 
face "It's about your friends. A couple of minutes ago I got an 
energy reading that matched Citan , Elly and Billy. They were 
facing H-Angels then their readings dropped. I sent a 
surveillance probe to the area and........" "And what!!" Washu 
turns away from him "They were dead. Killed by H-Angels." Fei is 
shocked to the point he can't speak. Tears stream down his face. 
Washu trys to console him, but to no avail.Then she gives both 
Tenchi and Fei more bad news "The Earth is also dying. When 
Krelian absorbed all the genetic codes he became the living 
equivalent of Earth. When he died he tooks the Earth with him." 
Tenchi chimes in "Can we reverse the process?" Washu starts to 
type on her computer "Yes , you need to close the rift that 
Krelian came through in the first place. That should change 
everything. All our friends will be revived and won't remember a 
thing about the last couple of days." Fei interrupts her "Why 
didn't you say so , if we can bring them all back then that's 
the ticket." Fei starts to head for the door , Washu stops him " 
Wait , since the rift has been open for so long the 2 Earth's 
would be combined , plus I don't know what would happen to you 
two. If you get to close to it you might be erased from both 
worlds and you wouldn't exist in the new combined world." Fei 
loosens Washu's grip " I have to try. For Elly's sake." Tenchi 
follows "Yes we're got to try."  Washu  knows she's fighting a 
losing battle "O.K. Your guys get in your gear , and I'll 
teleport you there. But I warn you as soon as the rift is closed 
I'm teleporting you back."

In space
 XenoHawk has reached the rift. Fei stops XenoHawk a few 
kilometers short of the rift. "Washu estimated it would take 
100% of XenoHawk's energy to close the rift so lets begin." 
Tenchi is powering up. 5% , 10% , 30% , 60% ,80% , 100% Tenchi 
struggles to speak " Hope ..your.. aim ...is... on" Fei 
positions XenoHawk's sword toward the rift and Tenchi fires. An 
extremely large blastbeam leaves the sword and enters the rift. 
The rift is slowly closing but it's pull starts to increase. 
It's dragging XenoHawk in. Fei turns Xenohawk's thrusters on 
reverse. But they are still being dragged in. Fei make a 
revelation "At this rate we'll get dragged in too ,tried to call 
Washu but the lines are dead. We need to close the rift but  it 
needs a little more energy. Got anything left Tenchi?" Tenchi is 
panting " Nope completely empty. It must needs the remaining 
energy in XenoHawk's internal armor. At least if we get dragged 
in we can die knowing we saved our friends." Fei smile "Not all 
my friends will be saved. Well, maybe he will. Computer isolate 
pilot 2 cockpit and eject." The back of XenoHawk blows off and 
Tenchi is speeding away in a capsule. Tenchi is banging on the 
capsule "No Fei noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!" He can see 
Fei smiling and waving goodbye before XenoHawk is pulled into 
the rift and the rift closes.
	
Back at the Masaki shrine 
 "Mom, I tell you something's wrong with Tenchi."Ryoko yells. 
Ayeka agrees " I've  noticed many changes in Tenchi since we 
found him next to a pile of debris in the forest 3 days ago. He 
's allot quieter and he doesn't seem all there." Mihoshi also 
agrees "And during some parts of the day he disappears , and 
doesn't return for hours." Sasami also agrees " He talks in his 
sleep , and won't eat." Washu assests the situation " O.K . what 
we'll do is follow him when he leaves to find out what's going 
on." They do so. They follow Tenchi into the clearing in the 
forest. To the exact spot of the crash. They hear Tenchi say 
something "You saved my very existence , but I remember all the 
pain and sadness that we endured. You and I are the same. Same 
blood , same flesh , same bone. We were brothers in arms. But in 
the end it was my older brother saving the younger from a fate 
worse than death. But the sad thing is if put in the same 
position I don't know if I could do it. Let my friend go to his 
family and I face the end all alone. And for that I will always 
be sorry my friend." Tenchi leaves the clearing. The others 
enter the clearing , Ryoko is crying "Did you hear that. What 
could have hurt Tenchi so much to cause so much pain?" Mihoshi , 
Sasami , and Ayeka are also crying and agreeing. Washu is at the 
exact spot Tenchi was standing "Look here this maybe it." They 
all look where Washu is looking. They see a tombstone with a 
rose next to it. It reads:

Fei Fong Wong Masaki
Died so that we could live 
Courageous to the end

FIN


Thanks for reading the series. I promise another story soon.
W.Showers (The Righteous One)










