Tenchi Muyo! and all related character are copyrighted by 
Pioneer . Xenogears is copyrighted by Square Co.,Ltd
This is a Xenogear /Tenchi Muyo! crossover. My name is W. 
Showers My e-mail address is MShowmoney@aol.com






Chapter 2
Fei wakes up on a cold metal floor. He sees a familiar looking 
shape in front of him. When his vision clears he sees it's 
Krelian. "You bastard...... why 'd you come back?" Krelian looks 
at Fei and laughs "Because I've figured out how to realize my 
dream. How to become GOD!!!"

Back in the Masaki home
Washu and Citan are in the lab fixing Weltall. Tenchi is running 
all around the house. Ryoko stops him " Tenchi , love , what are 
you doing?" Tenchi has an exasperated look on his face " The 
sword , I lost the sword. The fated hour is apon us and the 
sword is missing." Ryoko thinks "I remember that Fei......" Just 
then Washu and Citan walk up from the lab smiling. Citan fixes 
his glasses "Weltall is complete Tenchi, please come and take a 
look. They all go to the lab, but get a shocking surprize. 
Tenchi states "This isn't Weltall it's...." "Xenogears" Elly 
finishing his statement. "But now did you do it?" Washu smiles " 
All we did was increase the energy output and here it is." Citan 
interjects "Tenchi you have to learn how to pilot this thing , 
so I guess we should get started. Please step into the cockpit." 
Tenchi steps into the cockpit. He starts pressing the buttons 
wildly. Xenogears starts swinging uncontrollably. A large sweat 
drop appears above Citan's head " We've got allot of work to do. 
Elly start up your gear , I'm going to need so back up."

Meanwhile back in Krelian's lab
Fei is on his feet , with a restraint collar around his neck. 
Krelian is typing on his keyboard " I've compiled all the 
genetic information for every living organism on this Earth and 
our world. At the destined hour I will fuse with all the 
information in my special fusion chamber. The after result will 
be the transformation from man to GOD." Fei is in shocked "But 
why are you doing this? I thought you gave it up?" Krelian 
smiles " While floating in the depths of space, I came to the 
realization of something. My first plan failed because I 
depended on other  carbon based life forms. I find that gears 
with artificial intelligence are much better than humans. Second 
I failed because of I didn't factor in Compound X." Fei looks 
puzzled " Compound X?" Krelian starts moving away from Fei " 
You. The pilot of Xenogears is known through out our galaxy as 
Compound X. The most dangerous compound." Fei laughs " So that's 
why you brought me here. If  I'm here you can keep an eye on me. 
Keeping you friends closer and you enemies even closer. Nice try 
but no dice." There is a shimmer in Fei's pocket. Tenchi's sword 
levitated out of his pocket. It's energy blade destroys the 
collar around Fei's neck. Fei takes hold of it. "This time I'll 
finish you off for good." Just then the energy blade returns to 
it's hilt. A large sweat drop appears above Fei's head. " Ah, 
maybe we can do this another time?" Krelian forms an energy ball 
and launches it toward Fei. Fei is hurtled toward a wall. He 
fall unconscious.

3 to 4 hours later in the Masaki home, Washu's lab more 
precisely
Citan gets out of his gear. " Finally Tenchi can pilot 
Xenogears. That was some workout." Elly gets out of hers "I've 
never seen such terrible piloting in my life , but then again he 
is piloting Xenogears." Washu gets their attention " Heyyyyy. I 
got a fix on Fei. The sword was activated near point 3-2-4." 
Citan smiles " Well Fei time to check your skills." Tenchi is 
still in Xenogears " Huff... huff...huff....lets go!"

Back in Krelian's lab 
Fei wakes up on the floor again. He gets up to see Krelian about 
to enter his chamber "Oh so your awake, I you are just in time 
to witness my evolution. Let your friends come , I left a super 
gear named AntiXeno to keep the busy. Not even Xenogears can 
beat it. Ta-ta" He enters his chamber. Fei runs toward the 
chamber and tries to smash it. It doesn't work. "Damn!!!!!!"

30 minutes later Xenogears , Vierge , Heimdal ,and Remmazuo bust 
into Krelian's lab. Citan sees Fei "Fei you're O.K." Fei yells 
back " Quick  attack that chamber , Krelian's in there." Billy 
answers "Will do!" They all aim for the chamber, but a blue 
demon like gear cuts them off. Heimdal comes at it with a high 
jump kick. AntiXeno catches his foot and slams him to the 
ground. Then it lifts him up and punches him back to the group.  
"Don't you realize it's pointless to fight me. I am your 
superior." Heimdal is lying on the ground electric sparks flying 
"You  guys need to watch out each punch take allot of energy 
from your gear. Take 5 or more life support will fail." Vierge 
attacks with a rod attack, AntiXeno is blocking each attack. 
Then it returns with a devastating 3 hit combo. Vierge falls to 
the ground. Remmazuo attacks from a distance with his wrist 
guns. Fei yells up to Tenchi in Xenogears "Apparently we need 
more than one brain to defeat him so open the cockpit and move 
over." Tenchi agrees "Yeah that's a good idea." Fei hops up into 
a cockpit. Just in time too, Remmazuo falls.  Fei gets situated 
"Lets go" Xenogears attacks AntiXeno. It gets in allot of good 
hits.(Well, good enough to put dents in it.) AntiXeno comes back 
and releases a ultra devastating 23 hit combo Xenogears falls. 
Fei coughs up some blood "No we can't lose not like this." 
Tenchi has a drop blood running down his face "We didn't stand a 
chance." AntiXeno stands above Xenogears "Pitiful my namesake 
being so weak , oh well , Lord Krelian will be pleased with my 
strength. Time to die" AntiXeno puts his foot on the chest area 
where the cockpit lies and starts pressing hard. Elly screams 
"Stop , You're  crushing them!!!" The cockpit  in Xenogears is 
closing in. When all hope seems to be lost, a glimmer then a 
gleam comes from inside Xenogears. A light surrounds the gear  
then becomes blinding. When the light dims back down. AntiXeno 
is no longer standing on Xenogears. Instead standing behind it 
is a new White gear that looks like an angel in armor. A white 
aura surround the gear. Enter Xenohawk. Xenohawk takes out it's 
lighthawk sword and points it toward AntiXeno. Fei and Tenchi 
yell in unison "Time for round 2!!!"  


So what did you think. Love it , hate it. All replies will help 
in the final chapter. Thanks


