Tenchi Muyo! and all related character are copyrighted by 
Pioneer . Xenogears is copyrighted by Square Co.,Ltd
This is a Xenogear /Tenchi Muyo! crossover. My name is W. 
Showers My e-mail address is MShowmoney@aol.com






Chapter 1
Tenchi is outside pulling carrot out of the field. "Man, I can't 
believe Ryo-Oki can eat so much in a day.  I wish I could get 
some help." But of course he can't. Mihoshi is sleeping on the 
porch , Sasami is cooking dinner, Ayeka and Ryoko are to beat up 
from their last battle , and Washu is conducting an experiment 
in  her lab. 

In the Lab
Washu is looking at her screen. "Their seems to be a huge energy 
level  in section B1-4. Computer pinpont this energy." 
"PINPOINTING NOW" "..............Wow it seems it's a life form , 
human but a little different. It seems it jumped straight though 
another dimension. It left a dimensional tear but I can fix that 
later. This situation requires my attention."

In Aveh (Other Dimension)
Fei and Elly are in are on one of the many balconys in Fatima 
Castle. Fei is looking at Elly " It's a beutiful night eh, 
Elly?" Elly turns away from him "Yes....." Fei moves toward her 
" What's wrong?" Elly faces him " I have this inpending feeling 
of doom. At first it was little things like a flash of light , 
or a unexplained earthshake. But when all our gears returned to 
their original forms and reactivated I knew something was wrong. 
It's like he's returned...." Fei move closer to her " No he's 
gone. As for the gears we have the top scientist working night 
and day to explain this. So lets not think of this any more."  
Fei leads her away to bed. But he thinks " If she's right 
Weltall and I are back in action" 

Back in the Lab
"So who are you?" Washu asks her visitor. The man in the glass 
tube turns from her " My name is Lord Krelian and when I get out 
of here your blood will be spilled." Washu laughs "Yeah , Yeah. 
Try all you like but you ain't gettin out." Krelian smiles "So 
be it" A blue aura surrounds Krelian. Then it starts to expands. 
The glass breaks. Washu is thrown to the ground "No... 
Way!!!!!!!" Krelian towers  over her " Don't push me woman , 
only the animus and anima are equal to 
me.................................. NOOOOOOOOO! The one who 
beat me last time is already here so is his mentor..... I must 
leave to rebuild Deus. I already have rebuilt the Zohar 
modifier." The blue aura engulfs the lab.

2 or 3 hours later
Washu comes to. "Uhhhh, my head." Tenchi , Ryoko ,Ayeka , Sasami 
, Mihoshi, Noboyuki , and Yosho are standing above her. Tenchi 
helps her up "Whatever hapenend in the lab total got out of 
hand. We all saw a blue light comming from the lab, then an 
explosion. We found you unconscious on the ground." Washu starts 
to move toward her lab when she notices her arm in a sling. 
"What the f......" Tenchi steps in " You broke you arm in the 
process." Washu tries to move it "What about the lab" Tenchi 
moves toward her "It's still in one piece." Washu opens the door 
to her lab "Good, I have to get those "animus" or "anima" here 
now"

Back in the Lab
Washu gathers all the energy from the remaining experiments to 
make a dimensional distress call.

In the courtyard of Fatima Castle
A holographic picture of Washu appears. "This is a call to the 
Anima. I need your help. A man named Krelian is in our dimension 
and is creating something. The signal is fading, I'll open a 
portal to our world in 6 hours. Please I need we need 
you..............................................." The signal 
dies. Fei and his fellow Animus are speechless. Finally Fei says 
something "So what do you guys think." Citan adjusts  his 
glasses " Well if Krelian has returned it does  explain 
somethings" Bart steps in " It might be a trap!" Billy steps in 
" Maybe but no one is stupid enough to take on the guys who have 
the ultimate gears." Fei joins in " I agree I think this 
distress call is legit. And I don't intend to sit here and and 
let Krelian harm anyone. I'm going and so is Weltall." The rest 
of the group agree too. Citan steps in "Now not all of us can 
go, some of us need to stay and protect this planet. So in the 
name of science I will go. Fei ,you and Elly need to come and we 
need one more volunteer." Billy raises his hand " I want in too" 
Citan agrees " Yes we could use you too. O.K. lets get those 
gears ready for transport."  

6 hours later (Still in Aveh)
The portal opens. The Gears go through the gate followed by 
their owners.

Masaki home
Fei is talking with Washu. "So that's what happened. That 
explains why our gears reactivated." Washu is typing on her 
keyboard " Your tale is just as interresting. One man striving 
to become GOD. But he said 2 anima were already here." Citan 
steps in "Not necessarily. My theory is that in every dimension 
there are the same people in it, but in different situations. 
For example have you noticed the similarities between Fei and 
Tenchi." Washu and Fei jump back " Are you saying Fei and Tenchi 
are 1 being but different dimension?" Citan adjusts his glasses 
" Yes that is exactly what I am saying." Fei still in shock says 
"O.K. but that is only 1.Where is the other." Just then Noboyuki 
walks in " Tenchi, my son we have more guest. One is a fine red 
head , the other is guy with guns. Hold on you look older. How 
many years has passed since I've taken a good look at you. Oh 
I've been busy with my work blah blah blah blah blah. Give me a 
hug." Noboyuki gives Fei a hug that would make Sasami's mother 
jealous. A large sweat drop appears on Washu and Citan's head. 
Washu smiles "Noboyuki  kinda looks like you Citan." 
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" 
screams Citan.
Meanwhile in the living room. Elly and Billy are introducing 
themselves to the other members of the house. Elly is talking to 
Tenchi "You remind me of Fei when he was younger." Tenchi smiles 
"Yeah he and I do look alike. So whats with the big machines?" 
Elly looks at her gear outside " They are how we're going to 
fight Krelian if you want I can show you it insides of one." 
Tenchi's smile widden "Sure lets go." They head out. Meanwhile 
Ryoko , Ayeka , and Sasami are watching Billy clean his guns.  
Ryoko comes up to him "You really do like those guns Can I touch 
one..." She reaches for one but Billy (In the style of Wild Wild 
West) flips the gun on his finger and aims at her head. "Which 
gun the one on the left or the on pointed at you?" Ayeka smiles 
"Pull the trigger , For the love of GOD pull the trigger." Billy 
faces her " I do love GOD But I won't pull." Sasami laughs at 
both of them. 

At dinnertime
Fei is talking to Tenchi outside, while everyone else is eating. 
Tenchi starts "So if we are the same being I should be able to 
pilot Weltall." Fei agrees "Yes it's true. But I should be able 
to use your sword." Tenchi smiles "So lets find out." Tenchi 
throws his sword at Fei . Fei catches it and it doesn't shock 
him. "Well I guess that answers that question." Fei looks at 
Weltall "Well if I can use your sword you can pilot my gear."

Somewhere in the Pacific Ocean 
Krelian has rebuilt the Eldridge hull to protect the Zohar 
modifier. He also has attack gears called H-Angels. "My dream 
will be realized. I will have that precious object. It is just a 
matter of bait and capture. H-Angels go, attack Toyko!!!!!!!" 
The H-Angels take off.

3 hours later in Toyko
Missles stream down from the sky. The H-Angels are trashing the 
city.

Masaki House
They all are watching the news report. "This just in Toyko is 
burning. Angels are comming from heaven to destroy us. Police 
are helpless. What can we do......... 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!" The T.V. goes out. 
Fei , Elly , Billy ,and Citan head toward their gears. Washu 
stops Citan "What are us gearless folk supposed  to do?" Citan 
frees himself "Find out where they came from." They head out in 
their gears.

Toyko
Weltall , Vierge ,Heimdal and Renmazuo start fighting the enemy 
gears. 1 by one the H-Angels fall. Then just when it looks like 
the situation is under control 20 more gears come and teamup on 
Weltall "Ahh .. Uhh . ouch.. A little help here guys." All of a 
sudden a H-Angel reaches at Weltall and pulls Fei out 
forcefully. "MISSION SUCCESSFUL RETURN TO BASE. Fei is carried 
away and the others are left to watch. Heimdal and Renmazuo pick 
up Weltall. Elly is crying in her cockpit.

In the Maskai home
Citan tells the others what happend. Tenchi steps in " So who is 
going to pilot Weltall?" Citan adjusts his glasses "You are as 
soon as it is repaired." Elly pips in "What about Fei" Citan 
looks at her " Krelian most likely has him so as soon as Washu 
fixes Weltall and she pinpoints where he is we can go."

In the Eldridge
Krelian is typing on his keyboard. A gear tells him of the 
mission . Krelian smiles " All the pieces are falling into 
place.Restrain him and bring him in. Time to lay out the plans.


End for now

So what do you think. Love it Hate it all replys can help me for 
part 2




