The 4-Saiyans Episode 1: Zorn's Revenge

 
(Author's note: Even though, I wrote this story a few times, but
I made a mistake. So here's the story.)
 
      In the deep reaches of space, a ship flies to a planet that is
unpopulated. The planet that they enter is Dead World, a planet
part of a new planetary system called The Saiyan Solar System.
Inside the ship were twenty unknown saiyans with shovels and
digging tools. With access granted at Space Station #5 that is
circling Dead World, the unknown saiyans landed on the surface
of the planet. They walked to a tombstone with the name "Zorn".
As they started to dig, they uncover a body-bag that contains
the body of Zorn. They put the bag in the ship and took off.
They flew into space and headed towards Saiyan World, another
planet part of the Saiyan Solar System. They took the bag to
the science lab in Eastern Colony. Inside the lab, they removed
the body from the bag and started to put robotic parts inside the
body, since Zorn had lost his skeleton. They carefully added his
brain that they saved in the freezer and placed in his head.
Finally, they put his heart in his chest and activated the system,
but suddenly, they accidentally added the T-1000 substance in
his body, making him liquid metal. For five hours, Zorn woke up,
in his red saiyan uniform, armor, gloves, boots, and a metal mask
with helmet covering up his brain.
 
Zorn: Where the hell am I?
 
Saiyan #1: You're in Eastern Colonies science lab. We have
resurrected you.

Zorn: And who are you?
 
Saiyan #1: I was your friend from high school.
 
Zorn: I see. Well, there's something else I want to know. Why
am I all liquid?
 
Saiyan #2: We accidentally added the T-1000 formula in your
body.
 
Zorn: Enough! That's not bad. Not bad at all. But I don't need
you guys anymore.
 
    Suddenly, Zorn fired a huge energy beam at all of his so called
friends from high school.
 
Zorn:(to the scientists) I want you to rebuild these pesky fools
with robotic parts. NOW.
 
Scientists: Yes, sir.
 
    For six hours, the scientists rebuild all of the twenty saiyans
with robotic parts. After they woke up, Zorn enters.
 
Zorn: Now then, you will all obey my every command. You now
will be called The Terminators. One through twenty because I
added numbers on your armors. Now together, we'll destroy this
universe and take over the planet called Earth. I will take my
revenge for what Kenji had done to me since our twelfth battle
on planet Vegeta. Do you understand.
 
Terminators: Sir, yes sir.
 
Zorn: First, we'll resurrect Shao Kahn and the others. Now lets
go.
 
   They flew off into their ship and headed towards another part
of space to resurrect Shao Kahn and the others.
 
 
 
(Author's note: Stay tuned for Episode 2: The new group) 