			The 6 Warriors Of Kagato 

Authors Note: This is my very first Fan-Fic so it id a very 
long FF and has a lot of crossovers and fusion and charters 
from Pioneer, Squarsoft, Naoko Takeushi, Capcom TOEI 
Animation And U.S Manga Crops.

One Day Ryoko was at home on her comp tying to open her 
yahoo Messenger but the yahoo sever was down so she was very 
pissed off

Ryoko: damnit why the hell is yahoo down damnit!!

Mean while in Toyko, Japan Haruka was on yahoo talking to 
people on line using her Yahoo Messenger. All of the sudden 
Ryoko destroyed a 100 story building and some of it landed 
on Harukas new car which cost 4,000 dollars. And later on 
they were kick one anothers ass.

Haruka: World Shaking!!!!

Ryoko flies up out of the and form a energy sword and then 
Haruka takes out The Space Sword 5 mins later Harukas house 
blows up

Haruka: My House!!!. Damnit Ryoko you b**** look what did to 
my house!!!

Ryoko: Hey what are you talking about I did not destroy it!!

After all the smoke clears all that left is the ruins of 
Harukas and to large unlike things. The unhuman like things 
were Tyant and Nemesis.

Tyant: My name is Tyant I am 

Nemesis: Nemesis!

Tyant: and you know that is Nemesis. We are two the best 
fighters for The 6 Warriors of Kagato.

Ryoko: Kagato but I thought he was dead

Nemesis: Nemesis!

Tyant: Well his not dead. Now we will show you are the true 
power.

Nemesis: Nemesis!

Nemesis and Tyant power up and begin to do the fusion dance. 
After the dance they become one and from Tynem.

Tynem: Now we will show you are true power!!

Haruka: World Sharking!!!

Once Haruka Dose World Sharking and the smoke clear Tynem 
stands there like nothing happened

Haruka: damnit!!

Ryoko: Says left me show you how its done

Ryoko fires a huge energy blast but Tynem stands there like 
nothing has happened

Haruka: Ryoko if do the fusion dance like them I think we 
can beat him

Ryoko: ok lets try it Haruka

Haruka: Fu!

Ryoko: Fu!

Ryoko and Haruka: sion!!

A huge light surrounds Ryoko and Haruka to make Ryuka 

Ryuka: We are Ryuka and we will send you to hell and back 
you 

Ryuka Powers Up and dose the Move called Demon World

Ryuka: Demon World!!

A black fire hits Tynem and he dies and lays there in a pool
of his own blood

Ryuka: Ha that was to easy!!

Then out of no where a dark light appears and it is the old 
Kagato and young Kagato.

Old Kagato: I knew this he would fail

Young Kagato: You what we should do

Old Kagato: right

The Old And young Kagato power up and from another Tynem 
with one gem one is left wrist and another on his right. 
They Also revive the dead Tynem and adds a gem on his left 
and another on his right. After that the 2 Tynems do the 
fusion dance and from Tynem2 which has 2 gems in his right 
wrist and 2 other in his left. Then the 2 Kagatos disappear 

Ryuka: oh s*** now what 

Ryuka: I know 

Ryuka Powers up and dose Demon Sharking max power at Tynem2. 
But it powers up and punches back at Ryuka at hits her right 
on.

Ryuka: Ahhhh!!

Out of no where Kash Gyustan as HELLSTINGER and Isato Kaiza 
as GOWCAIZER appear

Gowcaizer: Flaming Dragon!!

Hellstinger: Wryneck Stinger!!

After the 2 attacks Tynem2 falls down

Hellstinger: ha that was to easy 

Gowcaizer: yeah a little to easy 

Tynem gets back up and fires a huge energy ball at Gowcaizer 
and Hellstinger and the both fall to the ground

Hellstinger: damnit

Gowcaizer: I knew this was too easy

Ryuka: I know let all do are most powerful attacks all at 
once it just might work

Gowcaizer: and if doesn't 

Ryuka: then we are f***

Hellstinger: lets do it

Ryuka Hellstinger and Gowcaizer Power up all at once
Ryuka: Demon World!!

HellStinger: Wryneck Stingier!!

Gowcaizer: Flaming Dragon!! 

After all three off them attack Tynem2 was destroyed. After 
that Ryoko and Haruka went back to themselves.

Ryoko: Ha we did it!

Haruka: Yeah

Ryoko and Haruka High Five one another. After the high five 
a portal opens

Hellstinger: huh

Ryoko: what's that 

Someone walks out of the portal and it closes behind them

Ryoko: who the hell are you

???: My Name is Galaxia  I am on of the 5 warriors of Master 
Kagato

Ryoko: 6 warriors of Kagato?

Another portal opens and someone else walks out of it 

???: yes that's right the 6 warriors of Kagato Ms. Galaxia 
is the 5th warrior of master Kagato. I am Sephiroth the 4th 
warrior of master Kagato.

Once again another portal open and 4 other people walk out

???: I am Sefier  the 3rd warrior of the 6 warriors of 
Kagato 

???: I am Tenchi the 4th warrior of Kagato

Ryoko: Tenchi no!

Sephiroth: That's right Ryoko Tenchi is with us

Ryoko: that cant be how why did Tenchi join you

Sephiroth: Master Kagato has control over him

Sefier and Galaxia: and that's not all!

???: I am Michiru the 5th warrior of master Kagato 

Haruka: Michiru  no!!

Sefier: like Tenchi Michiru is under master Kagatos control

???: and I am Ozaki the very 1st warrior of master Kagato 

Hellstinger: It cant be your dead!

Gowcaizer: That's right me a Kash Killed you

Ozaki: That's right you did kill me but master Kagato 
brought me back to life

Old and Young Kagato appears

Old and Young Kagato: I am Kagato the leader of the these 6 
warriors together we will take of the Galaxy and there is 
nothing you people can not do about it!

The warriors as well as the Kagatos disappear 

Hellstinger: where did they go

Ryoko: I do not now but we have to find them some how

All of the sudden a huge castle appears in the middle of 
Tokyo, Japan 

Haruka: There in that castle lets go

Everyone Else: right!

Later on the 4 of them make it to the top of the castle and 
a huge energy cannon aimed down to the earth core 

Gowcaizer: what are you trying to do with that cannon

Old And Young Kagato: Its very easy to understand you see 
the only way to take over the galaxy is to first destroy 
earth and if we destroy earth then you 4 will be out of the 
way

Haruka: over my dead body!

Old And Young Kagato: have it your way then. Sefier take 
care of them the cannon is about ready to fire 
Sefier: Yes Master Kagato 

Sefier takes out gunblade at powers it up

Hellstinger: Eat this!!

Hellstinger flies up into the air fires a blast of energy at 
Sefier but using his sword Sefier fires a huge wave of 
energy at Hellstinger and he falls to the ground. Then 
Gowcaizer dose flaming dragon fist at Sefier but he jumps 
out of the way and fires and wave of energy but this time 
Gowcaizer making him fall to the ground as well. Ryoko flies 
a Sefier with a energy sword then Sefier rams his knee into 
Ryoko's gut and slams her to the ground then Sefier dose a 
sword skill called Demons Strike at Haruka. After that all 
of them are laying the in pain

Old and Young Kagato: warriors its time for us to go

Warriors: Yes Master

Kagato and the Warriors disappear also the cannon powers  up 
and fires down into the center of the earth which causes the 
plant earth to blow up but before the other blow up a angel 
like being lifts them up and the angel like being and Ryoko 
Haruka Hellstinger and Gowcaizer disappear with the angel 
like being before the blows up with them on it. Mean while 
out in space in a ship

Soldier: Ms Ayeka the plant earth has just been destroyed 

Ayeka: how can that be!

Soldier: Huge energy build up in the center of the earth was 
to big and then the earth was destroyed because that huge 
energy build up.

Ayeka: And what about my sister Ryoko was she on the planet 
earth

Soldier: form are reports I think so

Ayeka:....no

Ayeka on her knees crying 

Soldier: I am so sorry Ms. Ayeka

Mean while far away from what was the plant earth there is a 
planet call Singo many people are on that plant but there 
were to Bounty Hunters staying there for awhile there names 
are Nagi and her Old brother Dominus  and along with was the 
cabbit Ken-Oh-ki. Mean While at the Singo Battle Area  

Announcer: And your winner of the 1,000 Dollars Nagi!

Later on at the Singo bar

Dominus: So did you win the money 

Nagi: Yeah this should last us for awhile 

Dominus: How much did you win

Nagi: 1,000 dollars 

Dominus: damn that much

Nagi: yeah

Dominus: Look up there on the T.V screen

The both of them look up at the screen and it is talking 
about how the earth exploded but they do not know how it 
happen.

Dominus: well lets get going you 2

Nagi: right come Ken-Oh-Ki

Ken-Oh-Ki: right

Mean while 

Ryoko: Hey where are we you guys

Haruka: I do not know

Isato: what happen

Kash: you do not remember thanks to Kagato and his 6 
warriors they were able to blow up earth

Isato: So if the earth was destroyed why are we still alive 

Ryoko: Maybe we are dead
 
Haruka: you think
A little girl walks over to them

Little Girl: hahaha your not dead

Ryoko: who are you little girl

Little Girl: my name is Sasami what's yours

???: hey what about me Sasami

Sasami: Oh that's right this Ryo-Oh-Ki

Ryo-Oh-ki: who are they

Ryoko: My name is Ryoko

Haruka: I am Haruka

Kash: My name is Kash

Isato: I'm Isato

Sasami: nice to meet you all 

Kash: Hey Sasami where are we

Sasami: your here on the planet Singo. Come ill take to the 
Main City of Singo ok

Everyone Follows Sasami to the Main City. But in another 
part of Singo there is a type of evil.

Old and Young Kagato: WHAT!!!!

Sefier: I am sorry master

Old and Young: no matter I guess we will destroy this plant 
like we did earth how long with it take till the cannon is 
at 100% 

Ozaki: just 4 days sir

Old and Young Kagato: Good

Sephiroth: But Master Kagato what will we do with the other 
4

Old and Young Kagato: let them come to us. But for now get 
that cannon online and ready to fire

The 6 Warriors: Yes Master Kagato

Mean while back at the Main City of Singo the others tell 
Sasami what has been happening 

Sasami: so his trying to take of the Galaxy

Ryoko: That's right and us 4 are going to stop him

Kash: How can we, we could not even kill just one of them if 
cant kill one of them what makes you think we can kill 6 of 
them plus Kagato

Isato: his right and besides we do not even know where they 
are to start with 

Sasami: Well you know there is something that could make you 
guys even more powerful then you are now 

Haruka: What will make us even more powerful Sasami

another small little girl walks in

???: there called the gems of Singo oh and also the day you 
guys appeared was the day a island with a tower on it and a 
force field around it.

Ryoko: thanks little girl but who are you

???: Name is Washu but you can call me Little Washu!

Washu: I AM THE GREATEST SCIENTIST  IN THE UNIVTRSE  

Kash: ok even if we do get the stones of Singo we still the 
force filed to deal with

Washu: Ill take care of that I am working on a energy when 
charged up to its max power it destroy the force field

Haruka: but first we need to find the Stones of Singo

Washu Gives them a map of where the Stones are

Washu: this will help you and when you find all the stones 
the my cannon will be ready

Later on that Day they are looking for the first Stone of 
Singo on the top of a ice cold mountain.

Ryoko: Its so cold up here
then the see a bright light which turns out to be the first 
Stone of Singo

Isato: Hey there it is on the other side of the bridge 

While the are walking over the bridge they are stop be the 
first Guardian appears which looks like huge green robot of 
the Stone

Guardian: I am the Guardian of the first Stone of Singo
to get the stone you must defeat me

Ryoko Powers up and her battle gear appears on her. Haruka 
powers up and Turns into Sailor Uranus. Kash Snaps his 
fingers and appears as HellStinger. Isato powers up and 
turns into Gowcaizer.

Hellstinger: take this!

Hellstinger jumps up into the air and dose Wryneck Stinger 
but the Guardian blocks it

Gowcaizer: Ahhhhh Flaming Dragon!!!

Sailor Uranus: World Sharking!! 

After The attack the guardian start to get a little weaker. 
Then Ryoko Powers up and throws a huge blast of energy at th 
guardian.

Hellstinger: Everyone all together now!

Hellstinger: Wryneck Stinging!!!

Gowcaizer: Flaming Dragon!!!

Sailor Uranus: World Sharking

Ryoko: Energy Blast!!

after all 4 attacks the guardian was destroyed and they were 
able to get the first Stone Of Singo. Then later on the head 
to the next Stone which is in a flying island 

Ryoko: there is the 2nd Stone of Singo you guys lets get

But before they could get there is a earthquake happens

Ryoko: what going on

A huge Lion like beast falls down to his feet

Loin Like Beast: I am Greiver the 2nd Guardian now you will 
DIE!!

Hellstinger: Hells Blast!

Greiver stands like nothing happened

Sailor Uranus: World Sharking 

Greiver is some what damaged by world sharking. Then 
Gowcaizer dose his flaming fist attack in Greivers left eye 
then Ryoko fired a huge energy ball at Greivers right now 
making him blind. After That Uranus takes out here Space 
Sword and cuts Greiver in half.

Ryoko: we did it

Hellstinger: lets get the stone

They run other and get 2nd stone of Singo. Then later on the 
they go and get the 3rd stone of Singo

Hellstinger: where dose the map say to go now 

Ryoko: on Washu's map it says that the 3rd stone is in that 
forest over there 

All 4 of them walk in to the forest and they all start 
looking for the 3rd Stone of Singo

Haruka: where the hell is the stone

Ryoko: There's the 3rd stone 

All of the sudden a earthquake start and it open up a tremor 
and the 3rd guardian jumps out

???: I am Chaos the 3rd guardian of the stone

Chaos appears with white hair, pure white eyes and the looks 
that can kill the devil himself

Sailor Uranus: World Sharking!!

Chaos stands there like nothing happened

Chaos: what a weak attack let me show you how its done

Chaos forms a huge energy ball and throws it at Sailor 
Uranus making her fly into a tree

Hellstinger: Wryneck Stinger!!!

Chaos throws a energy ball at the attack making it fly 
towards Hellstinger making him fall to the ground. Then 
Gowcaizer dose his flaming dragon attack but Chaos forms a 
energy broad sword and strikes Gowcaizer making him fall. 

Chaos: your the last one any last words

Ryoko powers up and all of the sudden Ryoko's 20 lighthawk 
wings appear around

Chaos: no it cant be!

Using the power of the lighthawk wings Ryoko cuts Chaos in 
10 pieces. The others get up and get the 3rd stone of Singo. 
Later they go off and look for the last Stone of Singo. They 
make there to a volcano.

Ryoko: Is this must be the place

Hellstinger: yeah

They make there way to volcano and spot the last Stone of 
Singo.

Sailor Uranus: Yes we found it the last stone

They take the stone and head to the city on there way back a 
earthquake starts 

Gowcaizer: oh grate not again 

fire comes up shots up from the ground and the last guardian 
appears

???: I am Ifrit the guardian

Ryoko: and I am Ryoko the person who is going to kick your 
ass 

Ifrit picks up Ryoko by her hair and slam in the side of the 
volcano making Ryoko knocked out

Sailor Uranus: Space Sword Blaster!!

Ifrit jumps making the blast miss and punch's Sailor Uranus 
into the ground

Hellstinger: looks like its up to us Gowcaizer 

Gowcaizer: yeah

Ifrit Hellstinger and Gowcaizer power up

Hellstinger: Hells Angel Blast!!!

Gowcaizer: Flaming Dragon Fist!!!

With a huge blast of energy Hellstinger and Gowcaizer defeat 
Ifrit. After that all 4 of them head back to the main city 
of Singo to meet up with Washu and Sasami

Washu: Good so you got all 4 stones

Kash: yeah that's right 

Ryoko: all 4

Haruka: how will these stones make us powerful

Washu: Its easy all you need to do power up and the stone 
will go into you and you will into you

All 4 of them Power up and 1 stone goes into each on of them 
each one of them become more powerful

Isato: is your cannon ready yet Washu

Washu: yes it is come with me

Everyone goes up to the top of the building to where the 
cannon is

Washu: this is it I call it the Singo Hope. Here we go were 
ready to fire

Washu powers up the cannon and aims it at the force shield 

Washu: 5

Washu: 4

Washu: 3

Washu: 2
Washu: 1

Washu: FIRE!!!

The Singo Hope fire a huge energy beam at the force shield. 
After that the force shield disappeared.

Ryoko: Good job Washu

Kash: Ok now lets get to that island

Later on that day Hellstinger, Gowcaizer, Haruka and Ryoko 
on the first floor of the tower but Sefier and Sephiroth are 
already there waiting for them.

Sefier: well I am shock you have made it this far you 4

Ryoko: Out of the way  you 2!

Sephiroth: no but we will do this let us show the power of 
are cannon the destroyed earth we been herring that ship is 
heading towards this planet please let us show the power of 
it look up at the monitor 

They all look up at the monitor and there is Ayeka's ship

Ryoko: that's my sisters ship

Mean while on the ship

Soldier: Ms Ayeka this amount of energy gathering on that 
planet

Ayeka: I do not know what's going on but my sister has to be 
there power up the shields on the ship

Soldier: Yes Ms. Ayeka

Back in the tower

Sefier: Lets fire the cannon at 10% power

The cannon fires 10% of it power at Ayeka's ship.

Ayeka: damage report!

Soldier: nothing really happen the shields took most of the 
damage

Down at the tower
Ryoko: Stop it!

Sefier: let try 50%

Cannon fires 50% of its power

Ayeka: what happen!

Soldier: Ms Ayeka because of that last attack are shields 
are down

Ayeka: Fire the ships cannon!

Soldier: if we do that we will not have much power to get 
out of here!

Ayeka: I do not care fire the cannon!!

Soldier: yes Ms. Ayeka

Ryu-oh Ayeka's ship fires the cannon at the planet 

Ayeka: well

Soldier: nothing

Back at the tower

Sefier: 100%!!!

Ryoko: no do not do that it will kill her

Sefier: To bad!!

The cannon fires 100% of it power

Ayeka: Nooooo!!

Ayeka's ship blows up leaving nothing

Ryoko: Ahhh!!

Using the power of her Singo Stone not 20 but now 30 
lighthawk wings surround Ryoko

Ryoko: You will pay!!

Sefier: Come on little girl

Sefier and Sephiroth  take there swords out and get in a 
fight with the 4 of them

Hellstinger: Wryneck Stinger!!

Using his sword Sefier Fires a wave of energy at the attack. 
Then Gowcaizer flies full speed at Sefier and dose the 
flaming fist attack at Sefiers gut and he falls to the 
ground.

Sefier: not bad

Sephiroth: shut up add die!!

Ryoko: You first!!

Sailor Uranus: World Sharking!!

Using the power of the lighthawk wings Ryoko destroys Sefier 
and Uranus's world sharking attack destroys Sephiroth.

Sefier and Sephiroth: Noooo!!!

Gowcaizer: lets go!!

All for of them head up the tower and they meet Michiru and 
Tenchi on the way

Tenchi: nice of you to join us

Ryoko: Tenchi you listen you under Kagatos control

Sailor Uranus: that's right same with you Michiru

Then 20 phantom's come running at them

Hellstinger: me and Gowcaizer with take care of this you 
handle them

Ryoko: right

Sailor Uranus: ok

Gowcaizer and Hellstinger run off leaving Ryoko Sailor 
Uranus Tenchi and Michiru there. Tenchi out the sword called 
the tenchi-ken. Ryoko power so she can only use 5 of her 
lighthawk wings. Michiru powers up and dose Deep Submerge at 
the same time Uranus dose World Sharking.

Gowcaizer: Flaming Dragon Fist!!!

Hellstinger: Hell Angels Blast!!!

after the  attack phantom's were destroyed

Hour Tenchi and Michiru are knocked out from the battle and 
the for of them might up on the 3rd to last floor of the 
tower meet up with Ozaki.

Galaxia: how can that be you destroyed Sefier and Sephiroth!  

Ryoko: and you next 

Galaxia: Try this on for size!

Galaxia: Galaxia Blast!!

Everyone jumps out of the of the blast

Hellstinger: Wryneck Stinger!!

Gowcaizer: Flaming Dragon Fist!!

After the 2 attacks Galaxia stand the some what damaged 

Sailor Uranus: Its going to all of our power

Ryoko: you right

All 4 of them Power up and get ready to do there most 
powerful attacks

Sailor Uranus: World Sharking Max Power!!

Gowcaizer: Flaming Dragon Attack!!

Hellstinger: Wryneck Stinger

Ryoko: Lighthawk Blast!

Galaxia: Noooo!!!

After all 4 attacks it caused part of the tower to blow up 
and destroy Galaxia. They Head up stairs to the 2nd to last 
floor of the tower and meet up with Ozaki.

Ozaki: so you destroyed all of them 

Hellstinger: hey Gowcaizer how we just take care of this
Gowcaizer: Right

Sailor Uranus: good luck you guys

Ryoko: yeah

Ozaki: let me show you what I can really do you 2 for you 
see I am the Death Caizer

Ozaki powers up and transforms in to the Death Caizer

Death Caizer: Now I will show you what the Death Caizer can 
do

Death Caizer powers up and forms a death ball a throw at 
Hellstinger and Gowcaizer but they fly out of the letting 
the death ball blowing another side of the building. 
Hellstinger flies right at Death Caizer but Death Caizer 
grabs Hellstingers head and rams it in to his knee making 
him fall. Death Caizer power up again and dose a move called 
Death Fist when Gowcaizer dose The Flaming Dragon fist. 
There ram into one anthers making a flash of light.

Gowcaizer: take this!! 

Gowcaizer power up even more and  punches a hole in Death 
Caizer making him blow up.

Death Caizer: Nooooo!!

The 4 of the make there way to the top floor

Old Kagato And Young Kagato: hahahahaha you to late the 
cannon is already powered up and ready to fire!!

Sailor Uranus: No you cant

Out of no where Ken-oh-ki crash lands into the stand of the 
ship crushing both Kagatos after that Nagi and Dominus jump 
down from Ken-oh-ki

Nagi: what the hell just happen

Dominus: looks like we killed Kagato and saved the planet

Nagi: rrrright

Nagi: well any ways the is going to be a big bounty 

Dominus: you can say that again

all of the sudden both Kagatos fly up into the air

Young And Old: Kagato its not over yet!!!

A bright light surrounds them both causing them to become 
Extreme Kagato and then another bright light surrounds the 
room causing Extreme Kagato and 3 others to disappear and 
appear in the middle of no where.

In the Middle of no where

Ryoko: huh what happen

Nagi: huh where are we

Dominus: I do not know

Ryoko: Hey where are the others!!

Dominus: over there!!

Extreme Kagato appears

Extreme Kagato: we are Extreme Kagato which are young and 
old Kagato as one so get ready to die

All 3 other them Power up. Nagi Forms a energy sword. 
Dominus takes out the Rune Blade and Ryoko Forms the 
Lighthawk sword.

Dominus: Die!!

Using the Rune Blade Dominus strikes Kagato with a wave of 
energy damaging him. Then Using the Lighthawk sword Ryoko 
dose the sword skill called The Lighthawk Strike damaging 
Kagato. Then Nagi Using the energy sword cuts Kagatos left 
arm off.

Extreme Kagato: Apocalypse

a seal appears under the 3 of them blasting the each with a 
huge amount of energy.

Nagi Ryoko And Dominus: Ahhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!

Extreme Kagato: Catastrophe

A huge Wave of energy come and dose major damage to the 3 of 
them

Ryoko: his to powerful we can defeat him

Nagi: there might be a way

Dominus: what's that sis

Nagi: Fusion

Ryoko: You mean if we do the fusion dance

Nagi: what do you guys say

Ryoko: lets do it

Dominus: Count me in

Nagi: ok

With there last bit of energy Nagi, Ryoko and Dominus get up 
and power up to do the fusion dance

Dominus: FU!

Nagi: FU!

Ryoko: FU!

Ryoko Dominus and Nagi: SION!

The 3 of them become one and form Nadomoko

Extreme Kagato: This cant be

Nadomoko: well it is

Nadomoko power up to the max

Nadomoko: Lighthawk Energy Rune Blast!!!

Extreme Kagato: Noooooo!!!

With the huge blast hitting Kagato it destroys him

2 days later

Ozaki: pathetic 

Angel Like Being: not really it just lead to them to there 
death. I will not accept you felling this time. Come Ozaki 
let us start what we are here to do

Ozaki: you mean

Angel Like Being: once you are against it. Like I said 
Before I will accept you felling

Mean while some where else

Kash: hm its starting again

Washu: Yes I feel it to

Some where else:

Isato: what's that power I feel

Karin:.. Isato

Some where else

Ryoko: I feel this powerful force

Nagi: so do I

Dominus: what could it be

Some where Else

Shaia: I Feel a evil power what could it be

Some where else

Ozaki: Now someone come and stop me!!

			



	
			This was my first fan-fic hope you enjoyed it 
if you have any questions or anything let that e-mail at 
dark_knight_dominus@yahoo.com.  Also special  thanks to my 2 
friends Beth and Chelsea



   







 









 




