Disclaimer- Tenchi Muyo! and all the characters, dialogue, and situations
therein belong to the folks at AIC and Pioneer. Half-Life and Gordon Freeman
belong to Sierra and the absolutely fabulous people at Valve.
Introduction- I noticed a depressing lack of FF material devoted to that
paragon of light and virtue (not really, but you know what I mean) Gordon
Freeman, everyone's favorite research associate-turned-commando. Thusly,
(thusly?) I have created my own little piece of FF combining my favorite
game with my favorite anime.
Please, MST me! C&C gladly welcomed.
By: Bob (Black Mesa Man) Peck (Gordonfreeman@Fetefatale.com)

Deep within the bowels of the Black Mesa Research Facility, a firefight had
begun once again. A man in an orange and black power suit ducked back around
a corner, enormous magnum revolver clenched in gloved hands. He unlatched
the cylinder of the gun and tipped the barrel up, watching the empty casings
spill to the floor. He dropped a handful of shells into the cylinder and
slapped it back into place. He leaned back around the corner, firing at the
hunched aliens with lightning crackling between their claws. The lead alien
screamed and fell, tendrils of energy crackling between it and its fellows.
The man in the Hazard Suit threw himself across the hallway, revolver
blasting its last shells at the gnarled aliens. As the man's shoulders hit
the other side of the hallway, lightning bolts blasted away chunks of
concrete where he had been standing moments before.
The last alien stood, lightning crackling about its twisted frame, as the
man climbed to his feet. He dropped the revolver and grabbed a light machine
gun slung behind his back as the alien began to make a strange humming
noise. The man still had the muzzle of the gun pointed at the ground. The
two, human and inhuman stared warily, looking for the first aggressive move.
They watched each other.
Without warning, the man pushed a small button on the handgrip of his gun,
and a grenade blasted out of the underslung launcher. The grenade bounced
off the ground in between the combatants. A small red light on the grenade
winked.
The grenade struck the alien directly in the chest, blowing it backwards
into a wall. It bounced off the wall and stood there for a moment, and then
it toppled like a felled tree. The man stooped to retrieve his revolver,
then stood still. He looked around him, a sudden sixth sense warning him
something was wrong.
He tilted his head, the glare of fluorescent lights on his glasses
momentarily obscuring his eyes. He was not very old, perhaps mid-thirties.
He had slowly receding brown hair, and a graying beard and graying temples
that made him appear much older than he was. He was tall, perhaps two
meters, and thin. He was wiry and tough. His eyes, glinting almost black
behind the glasses, showed an unflinching determination that was difficult
to ignore. He glanced behind him again, and began to reload his weapons. He
had a rather eclectic assortment slung and holstered about his suit. The
most obvious ones were the MP5 and magnum revolver, but also slung on his
back was a strange contraption about a meter long, with a small section in
the middle that could spin about the central axis of the weapon.
He spun, ripping the odd weapon from the back of his suit and pointing it
behind him. What he had noticed was a hole in the wall. Unlike most holes,
this one did not open to anywhere that he could see. It appeared to be a
black, oval hole into nowhere. He stared at it for a second, then moved
towards it. He looked at it, examining the edges. He was a little surprised
to discover that the hole was actually a centimeter or two away from the
wall. He straightened up, and stepped a few feet away from the hole and
moved until he was directly in front of it. He raised the unusual gun again
and pulled the trigger. The small section in the middle began to spin
rapidly, its speed increasing every second. An ominous buzz rose from the
gun. The man released the trigger, and an immense burst of white light
blasted from the tip of the gun. The man lowered the gun after nothing came
through. He sighed and walked up to the hole. He poked the barrel of the
strange gun through the hole. To his surprise, when the gun touched the
hole, it disappeared. He pulled the gun back, and it reappeared. He examined
the barrel of the gun, but found nothing wrong with it. He slowly stuck his
arm through the hole and withdrew it.
Sighing and shrugging his shoulders, he stepped through.

As he stepped through, he found himself in a laboratory of some kind. He saw
a short young woman with spiky red hair laughing at a rather charred-looking
blonde woman, who was about to burst into tears.
"Serves you right, Mihoshi, always messing with my experiments." Washu said
smugly, hands on her hips. "This time, you're the one who got blown up."
"I'm sorry, Washu! I'll never do it again!" Mihoshi blubbered, tears
fountaining from her eyes. The stranger watched the exchange in amazement as
the portal closed behind him.
"Okay, what in God's name was that?" The man in the suit asked to no one in
particular.
"That was a dimensional portal that Mihoshi over here activated by accident.
You're in my subspace lab now." Washu responded.
"All right, who are you, and what's going on?"
"My name is Washu, the most Brilliant Scientist in the Universe! Please call
me Little Washu. And who are you?"
"My name is Gordon Freeman, late of the Black Mesa Research Facility. You
didn't answer my question, though. What's going on? Why am I here?"
"Well, the short answer is that Mihoshi, in some manner I don't understand
yet, managed to get into my lab and set off an experiment before it could be
completely set up. I didn't close the portal right away because I wanted to
see what, if anything, would happen. So we watched it for a couple minutes,
and then this big bolt of energy came through, and hit Mihoshi. Then you
came through."
"Whoops."
"What?"
"I shot that bolt to see if there was anything nasty on this side. Guess I
hit… what was her name?"
"Mihoshi."
"That's the one. I guess I hit her by accident. One last question, why am I
here?"
        "I don't know. I guess if you really want to, I could reopen the
dimensional hole to send you back." Gordon shuddered, thinking of the
horrific creatures he had destroyed, of the comrades he had seen eaten and
worse.
"No, that's ok," Gordon reassured Washu. "I think I'll stay here, if that's
alright with you."
"Yeah, I'm sure no one at the Masaki household will mind another person in
the house!"

Gordon ducked through the subspace door on the side of the stairs. He looked
around as Washu and Mihoshi stepped through the door. He looked up with a
start as Ayeka sprinted down the stairs with Ryoko in pursuit, throwing
balls of energy everywhere. The power field around Gordon's suit absorbed
half a dozen blasts, and he grabbed the Gauss rifle from behind his back and
sent a wildly inaccurate series of yellow bursts at the two women.
"Damn rifle," he muttered. "All right, what the hell was that? I would
really appreciate it if you wouldn't shoot at me while I'm not looking!" The
two stopped and looked at him.
"Who are you?" Ryoko asked.
"My name is Gordon Freeman. Who are you?"
"I'm Ryoko. You're kind of cute. Not as cute as Tenchi, though."
"Get your dirty mind off of Tenchi, you horrible monster!" Ayeka screamed.
"Monster? Why you…" Immediately Ayeka and Ryoko charged each other, flinging
energy bolts and crackling logs at each other.
Gordon looked over at Washu. Washu shrugged. Mihoshi, having been scorched
again by an errant blast, was about to cry. Gordon glanced at Mihoshi,
muttered something under his breath, and ducked around the nearest corner.
Mihoshi went off.
"Waaaahhhh! Why is everyone hurting me today? What did I ever do to
you-hoo-hoo…" Mihoshi wailed, tears gushing like a miniature Buckingham
Fountain.
"Oh, we're terribly sorry, Mihoshi. We didn't mean to hurt you…" Ayeka said,
rushing to her side.
"Speak for yourself, Princess…" Ryoko began, but she was cut off by Tenchi's
arrival, drawn by the horrific screaming of Mihoshi.
"Ryoko, that's not very nice. I want you to apologize to Mihoshi…"
        "Or what, lover boy?"
"Uh…" Ayeka's face, red with anger, rose threateningly over Ryoko's
shoulder. The fight began again. Gordon finished hauling Tenchi out of the
way of the enraged women and set him back on his feet. "Uh, thanks, mister…
whoever you are…"
"Hi. My name is Gordon Freeman. Who are you?"
"Hi, Gordon. I'm Tenchi Masaki. This is my father's house and my
grandfather's shrine is back that way." Gordon pulled Tenchi down as another
fireball whizzed past. "They've usually stopped fighting by now. I wonder
what's wrong?" Washu appeared beside them.
"Usually because you've been roasted by now, Tenchi. Because you're not
hurt, they haven't stopped," Washu said.
"Oh," Tenchi said, somewhat surprised. "I guess that makes sense…"
"This is a weird place," remarked Gordon.
"YES!" shouted the entire cast as they paused to look into the room.
"Wow," said Gordon, deadpan. A loud scream echoed about the house and a
charred Sasami came running into the room and attached herself to Tenchi.
"Tenchi, please make them stop!" Sasami wailed as Ayeka and Ryoko, looking
quite ashamed of themselves, sneaked quietly into the room. Yosho also
appeared from nowhere, followed by Washu and Mihoshi.
Washu spoke up. "Hello everyone, I suppose you're all wondering why I called
you here today, I love saying that! Anyway, this is Gordon Freeman. I
brought him here by accident after Mihoshi messed with my equipment. I'd
like him to share his story. Gordon?"
Gordon looked at Washu for a second, and then began. His story started with
being late for work, rushing into his hazard suit, and beginning the
experiment. He described to them the aliens that had invaded the facility,
and the horrible things that he had seen. When he was done, they all stared
in amazement. He smiled and said, "You know, I'd really like to stay here,
but there's a world to be saved on the other side of that portal. Little
Washu, I'd appreciate it if you could return me to my own universe?"
Washu nodded.

The gang gathered in the lab to wish Gordon goodbye and good luck. Washu
began the calculations, and the black disc appeared in midair. Gordon raised
his MP5 and waved as he stepped through the portal. Everyone waved goodbye,
and a few, noticeably Sasami and Mihoshi, wiped a tear from their eyes. The
portal closed, and they all turned to go back into the house.
Ryoko said, "You called me a monster, Ayeka, and I owe you for that one."
She threw a bolt just as Ayeka powered up the field. Tenchi was caught in
the middle.

The End!

Hope you liked it! I think it wasn't too bad for a first fic. C&C to
Gordonfreeman@fetefatale.com, please.

Ps. If you want to know what happens to our hero Gordon, buy and play
Half-Life, the best FPS ever made!

Thanx,
Bye
