Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo, or Final Fantasy VII. Pioneer and
SquareSoft own them. I am only having fun with them. Please don't sue
me for I am only a minor, so therefore, I cannot afford to pay any 
charges you press against me.

                            A New Threat
                            Chapter Three

	Tenchi sat down on his bed and began to change into his workclothes.
He thought about what Cloud had told him earlier. He then thought about
Kiyone and Mihoshi. When were they going to return? His thoughts then 
shifted to Meteor. How can we stop it? If we can't summon the only thing
that can stop it, then what's the point in trying to resist?

"I'd better hurry and get to the carrot field before Ryoko and Aeka 
start to fight." thought Tenchi

	Tenchi got up and started out the door. Then the idea struck him. He 
could get Washu to figure something out about it. Tenchi sighed in relief
when he realized he wouldn't have to think about it anymore. He crept out
into the hallway when he heard a voice. He turned around. It was Cloud.

"Hey, I figured you would want some help with that carrot field after
what Diamond WEAPON did to it. Besides, I'm sure you would like a companion
that is not female come with you and relate with."

"Gee, thanks Cloud. I really appreciate it," replied Tenchi, "but we 
should converse with Washu about WEAPON's remains scattered all over the
field."

"Oh, yeah, we should, shouldn't we?"

	Together, they approached the door leading to Washu's lab. Tenchi
smartly rapped on the door. Washu opened the door after the first knock.

"Ahh, Cloud, come with me for a few minutes. I need to run some tests."

"Tests?" questioned Cloud

"Yes, come on in."

	Cloud followed Washu into the lab. Tenchi started to follow, but
the door was slammed in his face. Shrugging his shoulders, Tenchi continued
into the kitchen and started to pack himself some lunch. Then he went into
the living room and sat down. He picked up the remote and flicked on the 
T.V. Tenchi looked at the clock. About 20 minutes before everybody else get's
up.

15 minutes later...

	Cloud left Washu's lab, somewhat pale. Tenchi got up and guided him
into a nearby chair, and then sat back down in his seat.

"What happened?" asked Tenchi

"She...she...made me take off my clothes. Then she stuck me full of tubes
and needles."

"What happened then?" Tenchi asked "What did she find?"

"She asked my why I had a semi-radioactive chemical in my bloodstream, so
I told her about the Mako injections we get when we enter SOLDIER. She
thought it was fasinating as hell and started typing on this holographic
computer. Then she asked me why I was surrounded by that goldish, yellow
glow before killing Diamond WEAPON, and I replied it was my Level 4 Omnislash
Limit Break. So she stuck a bunch of moniters and stuff to my head, and
told me there were certain structures that channeled anger into an abusive,
or desperate force."

"Did she...collect any semen samples?"

"No, why do you ask?"

"She always doing expirements on me, and she always wants a semen sample
afterwards."

"Oh, no, she didn't want any of that."

"Hmm...oh well, let's go see if she can clear out that waste and stuff."

"She already did."

"Oh really? Then let's get the hell out of here. I've packed two lunches for
you and me."

"Great."

	Tenchi and Cloud stepped out into the brisk cold air. It bit at
their noses and eartips. Just after they stepped out the door, Yagami came
down into the lake. Cloud looked at it, then looked at Tenchi with a 
questioning look in his eyes.

"That's Kiyone and Mihoshi returning from their investigation."

	Cloud just shrugged his shoulders and started off to the field
again. Kiyone and Mihoshi stepped out of Yagami and walked over to where
Highwind was docked. Kiyone inspected it while Mihoshi ran off after Cloud
and started asking him all sorts of questions.

"Hi! My name is Mihoshi! What's yours?!"

"Uh, Cloud."

"Really? That over there is my partner Kiyone!"

"Yeah, I got to go work on the carrot field with Tenchi. See ya later."

"Kiyone!" Tenchi called, "If you want an explanation as to why that's here,
go ask Washu!"

"What is that thing in the sky?" asked Kiyone

"Ask Washu that as well."

"Oh...uh...ok."

	Washu burst outside. She was extremly excited.

"I think I found a way to stop Meteor!" exclaimed Washu

                          End Chapter 3
Authors Note: This is probably the suckiest one I've made so far. Send
comments or insults or maybe suggestions to Solo128@excite.com