A New Threat
By Jeff Springman
I do not own Tenchi Muyo, or Final Fantasy VII. Pioneer and SquareSoft
 own them. Please don't sue me.

It was a typical day in the Masaki residence. 
Ayeka and Ryoko were, as usual slugging it out over who would get 
Tenchi.

"You beast!" Aeka screamed into Ryoko's face, "All you ever think about
is seducting Tenchi!"

"Oh your just mad because I got to him first." Ryoko shot back

"Ha! That's a laugh. The reason why Tenchi keeps resisting you, dearie,
is your age!" Aeka laughed evily into Ryoko's face. Ryoko's facial features
just dropped. "Look at my beautiful skin. So young and soft. No where near
like that old gray skin of yours!"

"You're mean!" Ryoko sobbed for a second, sadness in her eyes. But that
sadness was quickly replaced with anger. With a cry of pure hatred she 
raised her palm right into Aeka's face. Ryoko then proceeded to blast her
in the face. But as always Aeka just stood there, eyes closed as her shield
protected her. Sasami came running into the room they were in.

"Please! Take it outside! I know Washu could easily rebuild it, but do we
really have to go to her?"

But Ryoko and Aeka were oblivious to Sasami's pleas. Ryoko cranked up the
juice, The wall behind Aeka collasped under the head and pressure of Ryoko's
energy. But still Aeka remained unharmed. But, suddenly, Aeka's eyes 
snapped open and looke right at Ryoko. Miniature lookalikes of Azaka
and Kamidake appeared around Ryoko. Ryoko looked about wildly. 

"Oh no!" Ryoko cried out. She looked at Aeka, who was smirking at her. "I'll
have the last laugh yet!"

Ryoko poured out her remaining energy into Aeka's face. At the same time,
Aeka Let loose all she had at Ryoko. Sasami ran for cover. The entire Eastern
section of the house collapsed under the force. Inside, Aeka and Ryoko lay
sprawled out in heap. Bruised and broken, they got up and proceeded to
Washu's lab for recovery.

But by then, Tenchi had already gone to the carrot field to relax. 
Sasami was preparing dinner and Washu was tinkeringaround in her lab.
Kiyone and Mihoshi were on an away mission investigating a drug smuggle.

Wiping sweat away from his brow, Tenchi sat down and pulled a 
sandwich from his pocket. He began nibbling at it as he wondered 
how a creature as small as Ryo-Ohki could eat so many carrots. 
He strolled over to a tree-trunk and sat down on it. He was getting 
fatigued, but he couldn't stop yet. 

"I'll just take a quick nap to restore some of my energy," thought Tenchi.

Tenchi gazed out at the field that he would be working on the rest of the
summer. Tenchi lowered himself to the ground. He rested his hands behind
his head. He watched the sky overhead and looked at the cloud formations.
Tenchi's eyes began to droop. He couldn't stop it. Before he knew it,
he had fallen asleep.

A few hours later...

CRASH! Tenchi woke up with a start to find himself face to face 
with a creature that dwarfed him in size. It was huge. It was silver
colored and had huge claw-like feet. In the sky above he could see
three other creatures flying off. A red one, a turquoise one, and a 
black one, He was grabbed roughly by the arm and thrown about50 feet 
just before one of the claw-like feet smashed him. He sat up in awe as
he watched 3 people do battle with the monstrosity.  One was carrying
a sword, and had tall spiky blond hair and eyes that seemed to glow. 
The other was a large African American with A GUN ON HIS ARM?! And the 
last one was a short female with nothing but a pair of gloves. 

"She's beautiful," thought Tenchi as he gazed in awe as he watched her 
beat the hell out of the beast.

But what surprised him the most was all of a sudden the blond spiked 
haired one started to glow goldish orange for a split second, then 
dash forward and deal the monster a brutal 15 hit combo.  Then he 
jumped high into the air and come down with brutal force, sword held 
overhead, slicing the beast in half. Tenchi grimaced as he watched the 
monster hold for a second, then slide into two pieces, it's innards 
spilling all over the ground. Tenchi got up and dusted himself off. 
He then approached the trio cautiously. 

"Hi," said Tenchi.

The spiked head turned around. He wasn't that huge, but he could 
certainly handle the sword he was buckling onto his shoulder. 
The African American was busy loading some ammunition into this gun. 
The female was tying her shoe.

"Yeah?" said Spike head.

"May I ask for you name?" said Tenchi.

"Nobody's stoppin ya,"

"Ok so what is your name?"

"Teeeeeeeeeeeeeenchi, I'm coming!" yelled Ryoko.

Ryoko landed in front of Tenchi and snarled at Spike head 

"You better step away very slowly" she snarled.

"RYOKO STOP!" yelled Tenchi.

"But..."

"Stop it"

"We're coming Tenchi!" yelled Ayeka as she ran toward where Tenchi 
stood. Sasami and Washu were in hot pursuit.

"All you of you, will you please just be quiet?!" shouted Tenchi.

There was a dead silence.

"As I was saying," Tenchi said as he was pushing Ryoko out of 
the way, " what's your name?"

"Name's Cloud," said Spike head, "These are my friends. The man with 
the gun is Barret, and that's Tifa. And that group of people over 
there is the rest of my friends. The big cat over there is Red XIII; 
the man that looks dead is Vincent. He really is dead by the way. 
The trash talking old man over there is Cid"

"Who you callin old?!" shouted Cid.

"...Right. The big stuffed toy is Cait Sith, and the ninja...hold on, 
where's Yuffie?"

"Right here," said a voice.

"Huh?" said Cloud.

"Here." 

"Where?" said Tenchi.

"RIGHT HERE!" it screamed. 

Tenchi felt something prod his shoulder, he turned around. 
Standing in front of his was a girl. She looked about 16 years old, 
and was wielding a huge shurikan in her hand. 

"That," said Cloud pointing at the girl, "is Yuffie."

"Pleased to meet you all." said Tenchi.

"Who are you, and where did you come from?" said Ryoko getting up 
into Cloud's face.

"I can answer that," said Washu. " They are visitors from another 
dimension in the time space continuum."

"They're what...?" started Ayeka.

"Visitors," said Washu. "Shortly before they mysteriously came here 
there was a rip in the dimensional rift. The result was a connecting 
of the interstellar dimensions."

"Hmm...let's talk about this later," said Tenchi "let's go inside."

Later...

"So you guys are searching for a man named Sephiroth?" asked Tenchi.

"Yes," replied Cloud "He is responsible for the death of thousands 
of people. Now he's going to be responsible for the death of our 
planet if we don't stop him. Sephiroth has summoned the 
Ultimate Destructive Magic, Meteor. If Meteor hits our planet, 
then we'll all die. Sephiroth's mind is twisted in take back what 
was "rightfully his". Suddenly a crash resounded outside. Cloud 
sprang up and ran out the door, grabbing his sword as he went outside.

"Uh...Cid, we aren't going to have to worry about transportation 
anymore!" shouted Cloud. He turned around. "Highwind is here!"

Back in Washu's lab, Washu was steadying a bunch of wavy lines. 
Supposedly representing her dimension and Cloud's dimension.
 Suddenly she dropped the bowl of buttered noodles she was eating 
as she gasped at what she saw. 

"Oh my God!" she shrieked. "I've got to let this out!"

Tenchi heard a resounding thump as he stared into this cup of tea. 
He looked up to see Washu sprawled on the floor. He sprang up and 
ran to her side to see if she needed any assistance. 

"Washu, are you all right?" he asked.

"Fine but Tenchi, I need you to round up everybody into the lab, 
there's something I must tell you!" she gasped

"Uh...sure thing Washu." Said Tenchi.

A few moments later...

"So...Washu...what's this all about?" said Ryoko.

"Take a look at this," said Washu as she pulled down a holographic 
projection of what she was looking at earlier.

Cloud stepped closer to the image and studied it. He looked it up 
and down. After a few minutes he shrugged.

"Yeah, what is it?" he asked Washu.

"I've been studying the ratio of reality frequencies between our 
two dimensions and discovered that they are starting to 
become comparable."

"Uh...Washu, can you please speak in a language we can all 
understand?" said Tenchi.

"Ok, to put it short, the two dimensions are starting to merge
 together," said Washu "if what Cloud says is true, then not only 
will Meteor affect his planet, but ours as well! We have to come 
up with a solution to stop this phenomena, otherwise, we'll all die."

"Wait a minute," said Tenchi, "before we take any course of action, 
let's wait for Kiyone and Mihoshi to return."

"Agreed." said Washu. "Let's all get some rest for now."

End Chapter 1

This is my very first attempt at a fic, so I know it sucks dick. 
However, if you like it, send compliments (or insults) to 
Solo128@excite.com
