Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo, or Final Fantasy VII. Pioneer and
SquareSoft own them. Please don't sue me. I am only having fun with the
characters.

                              A New Threat
                                Part 2

     Tenchi couldn't sleep. He kept on wondering what would happen to
the two dimensions if somebody didn't stop the merging. He decided to
get up and talk to Cloud about this. He might still be up. Tenchi got
out of bed and slipped on a pair of pants and donned a tanktop. He 
stumbled aroun a bit looking for his sandals, but he eventually found
them. He stepped out into the dark hallway.

"God, it's cold out here," thought Tenchi.

He stepped out into the cold ,dark hallway and made his way to Cloud's
room. When he got to Cloud's room he paused for a moment. 

"What if he's asleep?" thought Tenchi "Oh well, I'm sure he'll forgive
me if I do happen to interupt his rest. He must be tired after doing
what he did to that monster...what did they call it...? Oh yeah, Diamond
WEAPON. Tenchi stepped up to the door and rapped the door quietly.

"Come in," said Cloud from within "it's open."

Tenchi stepped in and sat down in a nearby chair. He was surprised to
see that Cloud was fully awake. He was just sitting there, staring out
window. Tenchi got up to see what was catching Cloud's attention so 
well. Horror gripped Tenchi's throat at what he saw. He was about to
yell out in surprise, when Cloud spun around and cupped his mouth shut.

"Don't...say...a thing," said Cloud

"W...wha...what is it?!" whispered Tenchi

"That...is what we call...Meteor"

"M...Me...Meteor?!"

"Yes. Tenchi, I'm afraid I haven's been COMPLETLY honest with you"

"What do you mean?"

"Well...it's like this. This isn't the first time we've faced Sephiroth
and Meteor before. Hell this isn't the first time I've helped kill one
creatures called WEAPONs. Plus, there is a mystery surrounding me."

"Mystery?"

"Yes. You see, originally, I died 5 years ago. Along with Sephiroth. But
a man named Dr.Hojo cloned Sephiroth, and then made an attempt to make 
a copy. That copy failed. That copy is me. So Sephiroth may be able to
make me freak out. Would you like to hear the story from the beginning?"

"Uh...yeah."

"Ok, this may be hard to explain, buy I'll try my best. I was born and
raised in a town called Nibelheim. I grew up a shadow in the backround,
a nobody. I guess you could say I had a crush on a girl that was also
born there. Her name...is Tifa."

"What? Wait a minute. The one I met today?"

"The very same. Anyway, Tifa would always hang out with a trio of boys,
I thought they were stupid. But one day, things changed. Tifa's mother
died. It drove Tifa into a depression she couldn't dig herself out of.
So one day, she went to see her mom... So she went off into the mountains
to look for her. None of her "friends" would go with her, so I followed
from a distance. Then tragedy struck. A rope bridge she was crossing
snapped at one end, I ran forward to grab a hold of her before she fell
but I failed and we both fell. We were found unconsious in a canyon. I
had only suffered scraped knees, but Tifa...she was in a coma. She awoke
7 days later. I felt I was strong enough. I got into fights at the drop 
of a hat. It didn't matter who it was, my parents, other kids, it was the
same each time. Then one day, I called Tifa out to the well. We were close
then, not very close, but close the same. I told her I would be leaving town.
That didn't surprise her. She said all boys were leaving town. But I was 
different I had said. I was leaving to join SOLDIER and be strong like
Sephiroth. The looked up at the sky and murmered 'The great Sephiroth...'
Then she turned around and made me make a promise."

"What promise?"

"She said that if she was in trouble, or ever in a jam, I would come 
back to her. I could only say 'Huh?' She said she wanted her own knight in 
shining armor. I was still silent. Then she got urgent and started whining
'COME ON, promise me!' and so I promised I would come back to her. I never
came back. But then...2 years later...I did. I was with a troop in SOLDIER
but, I wasn't in the first class like I had hoped to be. I hid shamefully
behind my mask. Sephiroth was with me in my troop. He turned around and
asked me how it felt. I didn't say anything. He continued. He said 'You're
back in your hometown aren't you? So how does it feel?' I didn't say anything
'I wouldn't know' he said,'I don't have a hometown.' I asked him who his mother
was. He only replied with 'My mother is Jenova, sadly, she died a long time ago' 
Tragedy only struck a few hours later...
Sephiroth had discovered a hidden stairway in the mansion nearby. My close 
friend named Zack followed him, and he mentioned somebody named Dr.Gast. He 
then found a huge library of old records. Zack left him where he was, but he 
stayed. All night long, he read the books. Not once did the light in that room 
go out. Zack decided to sleep in one of the rooms in the mansion. Zack got out of bed
and headed toward the secretpassage. When Zack got to the secret room, Zack heard 
Sephiroth laugh. Zack went to the back of the room to find Sephiroth behind a desk. 
'Traitor' he said. Zack didn't understand what he was saying. Sephiroth kept carrying
on about an ancient race called The Cetra. How they had founded my planet, but my
race revolted against them and slaughtered some of them. The rest of the Cetra left to
find another planet. I lost one of my closest friend to Sephiroth on 
account that she was an Ancient, or a Cetra. That Jenova was the owner
of the Planet. He got up to leave then. Zack asked him where he was going
Sephiroth only replied with 'To see my mother' He then left. Zack followed
him and found the entire town in flames. MY hometown. Bodies all over the place
cut open with the use of a sword...Sephiroth used a sword. Zack then found him
Sephiroth was slaughtering Tifa's father. Sephiroth had gone insane.
Zack decided to help the townsfolk before pursuing Sephiroth. Only one person
had survived other than myself. He was Tifa's martial arts instructor, Zane.
He asked Zack if he was still sane. Zack said yes. So him and Zane looked for
survivors. There were none. My mother had died a few days earlier. Thank God
she didn't have to see this. Zack ran off to find Sephiroth. He found him
at the Mako reactor in the mountains. We had been there the day before, with Tifa
as our guide, I stood guard at the entrance and wouldn't let her into the reactor.
She didn't know it was me at the time. What Sephiroth and Zack found inside
the reactor was unforgivable. Dr.Hojo was mutating humans. Injecting them with
with a creature called Jenova's cells. And then Encasing them in the Mako
tanks. Mako was our source of power then. It was the planet's life blood.
Anyway Zack found Sephiroth approaching a door at the top of stairs in the
Mako storage room, also known as the coolant room, where Mako is cooled.
Zack followed him at a short distance behind. He found Sephiroth embracing
the creature Jenova. He was talking to it. 'Mother, let us embrace the Heaven's
together and take back what is rightfully ours.' he had said. 'SEPHIROTH' Zack
had yelled. Sephiroth turned around. 'You dare challenge me?' he had said.
Zack confirmed. And was promptly defeated... Meanwhile, I regained conscious
in the buring town and also went to the Mako reactor. I arrived just in time
to find Tifa holding her father's head in her lap. She was weeping and
promising her father that she would avenge him. She picked up Sephiroth's
sword that was lying nearby, and caught up with him at the top of the stairs.
She swung at him, but Sephiroth grabbed a hold of her wrist and wrenched
the weapon from her. Tifa looked up at Sephiroth just in time to see him
slash her across the chest and then thrown down the stairs. I ran to her
side, I had lost my mask. 'So...you finally came back for me...' she had
said. I turned around and saw Zack running up the stairs after Sephiroth.
His mangled body came flying down the stairs a few seconds afterward. I got 
up and grabbed Zack's Buster Sword and ran up the stairs. I found Sephiroth
still embracing Jenova. I ran up to him just as he turned around and I
stabbed him in the stomach. 'Who are you?!' he screamed. I replied 'You
destroyed my hometown, killed all my friends, hurt Tifa! I can never
forgive you!' I ran off down the steps and went to Tifa's side. I looked
up and saw Sephiroth walking down the steps. Masamune in one hand, Jenova's 
head in the other. I decided to go after him. Just before I left, Zack beckoned me.
'Cloud,' he said. 'Kill Sephiroth.' I told him I would, even if I didn't
stand a chance. I ran up behind Sephiroth, but he turned around and impaled
me on his sword. 'Too stupid. Now you die.' he said as he was raising my body off the floor. 
I was too stuborn to die so easily. So I grabbed the sword that was 
sticking out of my stomach and somehow got my feet on the floor. I then
started to lift Sephiroth off the ground. 'What is this?!' he shouted
I continued lifting him off the ground until he was above my head. With
my last ounce of strength, I tossed him over the side of the bridge we were
standing on. I watched as Sephiroth fell to his death. I lost concsiousness
afterward and died."

"Wow," said Tenchi

"But that's not all. I was cloned after that little incident. I met up with
Tifa and the others that you met today. Together, we stopped Sephiroth...again.
And unleashed the power of Holy, the only thing that can stand up to Meteor..."

"Wait a minute! You say a power called Holy can stop it? Then why don't
we summon it and stop Meteor?"

"It's not that easy, you see, The one who summones Holy has to be an Ancient.
Aeris was an ancient. She called upon Holy, but as I neared her to take her
home, Sephiroth came down upon her and impaled her upon his sword. Once again
he managed to kill ones I hold dear. There no more Ancients, or Cetra."

"So...we're all doomed..." said Tenchi

"Unless we can stop Meteor, we are."

"So how did Sephiroth come back?"

"After we killed Dr.Hojo, I am guessing his computer was programed to 
clone him, should he die. After he came back, he cloned Sephiroth
again. But that is only my guess."

Tenchi got up to go back to his room. He was going back to bed but, he
realized it was morning already. 

"Oh well. I'm not tired anyway," he thought "man, Cloud has been through
Hell and back. Too bad he has to go through with it again..."
                                 End Chapter 2

Here you have it. My second attempt at a fic. I know this one also sucks
so send insults or comments to Solo128@excite.com