All "Tenchi Muyo" references are copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer LD. All 
"Ultraman" references are copyrighted by the Tsuburaya Estate. This is an 
amateur, non-commercial story which is not produced, approved of, or in any way 
sponsored by the holders of the trademarks/copyrights from which this work is 
derived, nor is it intended to infringe on the rights of these holders. But 
poison ivy, lord, will make you itch!

Writers note-this was written with great love and respect for that classic 
1960's series of Japanese live-action television-Ultraman! If you want to learn 
more about the adventures of Ultraman and the Science Patrol, I suggest you 
visit http://home.iu.net/~jsewell/FAQs/Ultraman-FAQ.html!


A PIECE OF TAIL
By Jeff Morris (jeffreysmorris@aol.com)

	It wasn't all that uncommon for flying objects to crash land into the lake 
that lay near the Masaki shrine. In recent years, no less than three craft had 
fallen into its deep confines-one repeatedly. So it was with general "Oh, look 
at that" nonchalance that the Masaki household witnessed yet another ship 
perform the aerial equivalent of a belly flop, complete with big splash. But 
when it was followed moments later by a second, smaller "ker-sploosh", everyone 
took keener notice. And when the tumult woke Mihoshi up from her front porch nap 
and they realized that she wasn't the culprit this time, it was enough to send 
them all outside to see what had happened.
	"Golly," the sleepy-eyed Mihoshi said with a delicious yawn. "What 
happened?"
	"That is what we're trying to find out," Ayeka informed her. "Something 
hit the water...or a pair of somethings. You weren't expecting company by any 
chance, were you, dear?"
	"Nope." Mihoshi scratched her head and squinted out toward the lake. "Hey, 
isn't that Ryoko?"
	"It sure does look like her," Sasami said. And indeed, the waterlogged, 
bedraggled figure staggering out from the lake bore a slight resemblance to the 
former space pirate. Her long cyan-colored hair hung limply around her head and 
shoulders, and her favorite dress was dripping profusely. But the blue fabric 
was torn and scorched here and there, and Ryoko was clutching something large 
and shiny against her chest...holding it as if her very life depended on it. 
Sasami, Ayeka and Mihoshi hurried off the porch toward their housemate to find 
out what had happened.
	Up close, Ryoko looked even worse. Her normally bright yellow eyes were 
wide, dull and glazed over, and Ayeka immediately noticed a slight red stain on 
the side of her head. "Ryoko?" she asked, concerned despite herself. "Ryoko, are 
you all right?"
	"Mine," Ryoko said dully, clutching her metallic prize even closer to her 
breast.
	"Mihoshi, get Washu," Ayeka ordered. The detective ran back to house; 
meanwhile, the two princesses attempted to get their friend away from the lake 
and pry her odd trophy away.
	"What is it, Ayeka?" Sasami asked, pulling futilely on Ryoko's arm.
	"Mine," Ryoko informed her.
	"I'm not sure," Ayeka replied, guiding the staggering Ryoko over to the 
front porch. Washu was just now emerging from the house, her features quickly 
shifting from mild annoyance at being disturbed to deep concern over her 
daughter. "Washu, I think she's hit her head. Would you have a look?"
	"I certainly will." The tiny scientist probed carefully around Ryoko's 
head. "Mmmm. Looks like a concussion at the very least, possibly a skull 
fracture. What the hell could have hit her that hard?"
	"She's got this thing," Sasami pointed out. "And she won't let go."
	"I see," Washu nodded. "Looks like a piece of a tail off some kind of 
aircraft." She studied the insignia painted on it-a orange rocket with a star in 
front of it. "Well now, this is interesting. Last I heard, these guys were long 
gone. How the hell did this get here?"
	"Gee," Mihoshi said, "Maybe those two guys would know!"
	"What two guys?" Washu asked absently, trying to pry the tail away from 
Ryoko, with no more luck than the others.
	"The two guys coming out of the lake!" Washu looked up and followed the 
direction of Mihoshi's finger. Sure enough, two men were emerging, thoroughly 
soaked, with their orange uniforms glistening in the morning sunlight. For some 
reason, Washu was reminded of Dreamsicles.

* * * * * 

	Up close, they were almost pathetic to look at. They were two men in their 
sixties, one almost painfully skinny, the other in remarkably good shape with 
only the merest hint of a gut.
 "How do you do," the skinny one said, smiling continually and bowing every 
other second. "My name is Ide, my friend is Hayata. We're with the Science 
Patrol, and we would very much appreciate the momentary use of your phone, as 
we've run into a slight difficulty with our airplane."
	"Is that so?" Mihoshi declared angrily. "Well, for your information, I 
know perfectly well that the Science Patrol was disbanded in 1972 and its 
operations merged into the United Nations Intelligence Taskforce, a subsidiary 
branch of the Galaxy Police, and I think you hit my friend up there with your 
ship!"
	"No, no, that's not possible," Ide replied, still smiling though it was a 
bit fainter now. "We hit an unidentified flying object at fifteen thousand feet, 
and it subsequently ripped off the majority of our plane's tail assembly with a 
laser weapon."
	"Really?" Washu smiled thinly. "Does it look anything like that?" She 
pointed at Ryoko's trophy, still pressed firmly in both arms against the dazed 
woman's bosom.
	"Mine," Ryoko declared.
	Ide and Hayata looked at the tail fragment, then at each other. "Yes," 
Hayata said slowly. "It would appear that this is our missing section." He 
turned to find Washu staring very, very intently at him. "But I must ask...what 
was this young lady doing in restricted airspace, and where is her craft?"
	"She doesn't need a craft," Washu replied. "She can fly. And as for what 
she was doing up there...well, I'm sure I don't need to tell you that sometimes 
you just feel like flying around for the hell of it, now do I?"
	"I don't understand your meaning," Hayata replied, a bit too quickly. A 
slight sheen of sweat appeared on his brow.
	"Oh, I think you do," Washu responded knowingly. "Heard from the family 
out in Nebula M-78 lately, big boy?" She was rewarded with the sight of Hayata 
turning sheet white; her smile stretched to almost feral length, before she 
returned her attention to the ninny. "Speaking of restricted airspace, what the 
hell were you two doing up there in an antique ship?"
	"Oh, I've taken great care of the Science Patrol jets since we were forced 
to disband," Ide said happily. "And we were having our anniversary reunion this 
weekend, and while celebrating I made a bet that Hayata here couldn't fly his 
old ship to Okinawa and back without cracking up, and he took me up on it!" Ide 
turned to the terrified Hayata. "By the way, that's ten thousand yen you owe 
me!"
	"Later," Hayata whispered. "Look, Miss, I didn't get your name..."
	"Washu," the scientist said crisply. "I doubt you'll know it, but ask your 
big buddy. I'm sure he'll remember it." Hayata looked deep in thought for a 
moment; an expression of pure horror subsequently flickered across his face. 
"Told you. Now ask him if he remembers the name 'Ryoko'." Moments later, he 
gasped again. "That's my daughter. She's the one you crashed into with your 
little ship. I'm not pleased, Bucko. Ask old Silver what it means when Washu 
isn't pleased."
	"He...told me," Hayata whispered.
	"Mine," Ryoko noted.
	"We are terribly sorry for the injury done to your daughter, Miss Washu," 
Ide noted with a sincere trademark smile. "At the same time, we really do 
require the use of your phone to inform our friends that we have accidentally 
crashed our plane and require some assistance in retrieving it and..." A slip of 
paper suddenly appeared in front of his face, held there by an exquisitely 
shaped hand. "Excuse me? What is this?"
	"It's a ticket," Mihoshi replied sweetly. "We accept all credit cards or 
cash."
	"Mine!" Ryoko cheered.
	"But..." Ide finally stopped smiling. "I don't understand! We're honored 
members of the Science Patrol! We were directly responsible for stopping most of 
the giant monster invasions that threatened Japan during the 1960s! You can't do 
this to us!"
	"Sure I can," Mihoshi replied sternly. "You hit my friend."
	Ide stared at the long litany of violations, then thrust the paper at 
Hayata. "This is yours," he said angrily. "After all, it's all your fault, isn't 
it?"
	"MY FAULT?" Hayata yelled. "If you'd kept that antique junker in decent 
condition, I wouldn't have had so much trouble keeping it under control up 
there!"
	"That plane was pristine!" Ide bellowed. "Don't blame it-or me-just 
because you can't get behind the wheel of anything without cracking it up! For 
crying out loud, Hayata, you were so bad you hit Ultraman's spaceship and killed 
yourself! How bad does a pilot have to be to pull that sort of stunt off?"
	"Ultraman?" Hayata looked about ten seconds shy of a heart attack. 
"How...how did you know? I kept that a secret!"
	"Oh, come on, Hayata," Ide sneered. "Half a bottle of sake and you have no 
secrets! Did you really think none of us knew? 'Hayata-we'll all go investigate 
the monster in that direction. You check behind those rocks!' Good God, man, we 
weren't that stupid!"
	"That's a matter of opinion," Washu said quietly.
	"Mine," Ryoko agreed amiably. She gave the tail a big loving hug.
	"Excuse me," Ayeka said over the din. "There's a rather angry woman 
inside, wishing to speak to these gentlemen. She said her name was...Fuji."
	The argument between the two men stopped instantly. Ide gave his friend a 
pitying look. "Boy, are you in for it now," he whispered.

* * * * *

	She was blessed with a classical beauty that time could only enhance, not 
diminish. Her dress was clearly a designer label, her hair and nails 
professionally done. Even the fury clearly etched on her finely sculpted 
features only made her lovelier. "Well," she said tightly, arms folded over her 
chest and eyes narrowed. "Our lost little boys have been found. Thank goodness I 
had your positions marked by GPS. What do you two have to say for yourselves?"
	"He did it," Ide said quickly.
	"Fuji...honey...I can explain," Hayata began.
	"Explain? EXPLAIN?" Fuji's voice was rising in pitch and fire. "Please do 
so, Hayata! And while you're at it, perhaps you can tell me how to explain to 
your grandchildren that Grandpa and Uncle Ide were out trying to recapture their 
childhood by flying an aircraft that should have rightfully been junked years 
ago-without permission, without authorization, without a pilot's license..."
	"That's true," Ide pointed out to Hayata. "You lost yours back in 1970."
	Fuji's ice-cold eyes turned on Ide. "Shut up," she said firmly. "You're 
next."
	"Shutting up."
	"Where was I? Oh yes, flying around in a dangerous, obsolete jet plane 
through restricted air space, hitting a poor alien girl..." Fuji turned to 
Washu. "How is your daughter? Will she recover?"
	"I believe so. Thank you for your concern. I'm honored."
	As Fuji continued to berate the two men, Ayeka leaned over toward Washu. 
"I assume you know this woman somehow?"
	"Oh yes. She runs Fuji Industries. Really hi-tech stuff. Ide is one of her 
top researchers. I do some consulting and pass the occasional invention her way 
every so often to make some spending money."
	"Spending money?"
	Washu rolled her eyes. "How do you think I manage to keep Ryoko swimming 
in sake?"
	"Mine," Ryoko beamed, with her friend Mr. Tail firmly in hand.
	"...and I swear to God, if I ever catch the two of you even glancing at a 
bottle of sake ever again, I will personally throw both of you into the Sea of 
Japan without so much as a life preserver! Do you understand?"
	"Yes, Fuji," the chastened men said as one.
	"Good!" Fuji took a deep breath and forced herself to relax. "Now then. A 
truck is coming out to retrieve the wreckage. Hayata, you will have to assist 
them in getting the plane out of the water."
	"Me?" Hayata shook his head in apparent bewilderment. "How am I supposed 
to do that?"
	"Dear," Fuji said, rolling her eyes. "Get out your beta capsule, summon 
Ultraman and have him fish it out. What did you think I meant?"
	"God," Hayata moaned. "Was there anyone who didn't know?"
	"I don't think Arashi ever quite put it together," Ide suggested.
	"Mine," Ryoko said smugly.

* * * * *

	Ayeka, Washu and Mihoshi watched from the porch as the silver-and-red 
alien once known as Ultraman waded into the lake, bent over, and fished around 
with one huge hand for the damaged plane. Fuji and Ide stood by the shore next 
to a long flatbed truck. "One never has a camera when one could use one, you 
know?" the princess commented.
	"Boy, he sure is big," Mihoshi said. 
	"Yeah, but the minute his chest light blinks he'll run off like a scared 
rabbit." Washu grinned evilly and fished a small control board out of her dress 
sleeve. "Watch this." She manipulated a series of dials, and seconds later the 
device on Ultraman's chest began to flash on and off. The towering alien froze 
in mid-search for a moment, looking puzzled. He then glanced over at the trio 
beside the house and shook his fist at Washu, who merely laughed at him.
	"That was mean," Ayeka chided, but she was grinning as well.
	"He deserves it," Washu sniffed. "Hitting my poor little girl while she 
was out enjoying the day and minding her own business for a change." She glanced 
over at Ryoko, who was still sitting on the deck, rocking back and forth and 
cuddling up to her large metal prize. "Lord."
	"Umm, Washu," Ayeka said hesitantly. "Not that I really like Ryoko all 
that much, but...will she recover from this? I mean, you have to admit, she's 
pretty out of it."
	"She'll be fine. I checked her out. It's a big concussion, but her system 
is already repairing the damage. She'll eventually go to sleep and let her body 
finish the job."
	"And the tail?" Ayeka asked.
	"I think we'll keep it. For one thing, it'll keep that damned thing off 
the ground." Washu nodded toward the lake, where the silver and crimson warrior 
had finally located the damaged craft and was carefully placing it on the 
flatbed. "And for another, I think she's gotten rather attached to it, if you 
ask me."
	"Well, of course she has," Ayeka said with a smile. "It's what she always 
wanted, you know."
	"I beg your pardon?" Washu said.
	"Oh, come now, Washu. She's said it herself on several occasions."
	"Please explain yourself."
	Ayeka giggled. "Why, Miss Washu. Don't you know that the one thing Ryoko 
has always wanted was...a nice piece of tail?"
	"Mine!" Ryoko agreed.

