GALAXY POLICE WARNING: Tenchi Muyo is copyrighted by Pioneer LDC and AIC.  
This story is based upon the characters from Tenchi Muyo and the book 
"A Christmas Carol" by Charles Dickens.  
There!  We've done our disclaimer.  Ya happy now?

A STARTICA SONG (Part 1)
by
Patrick "Seion" Stewart and Literary Eagle
(Please send C&C to seion@geocities.com or literaryeagle@hotmail.com)

	It was the best of times, it was the Blurst of times.  (No, that 
is not a typo.  "Blurst" is the name of the Juraian month when Startica 
takes place.  Would we lie?)  It had been seven years since old Kagato 
had passed away.  But this is not his story.  (In other words, we just 
wasted a paragraph.)  

	Kagato had left his estate to his good friend and business 
partner, Yosho.  Yosho had kept Startica every year, but he kept it in a 
much different fashion than most men had.  He treated it as an ordinary 
workday, and in fact, he made a point of not celebrating it.  And in the 
process, he had closed his heart to his fellow man.  This is his story.  
(Which comes as a relief, seeing as it means that we did not waste a 
paragraph this time.)

	We begin with a street in the heart of the capital city of Jurai.  
It was midday of Startica Eve, and people were happily putting up the 
decorations for the Startica Parade and festival the next day.  However, 
at that moment one could see the joy represented by the decorations being 
instantly cancelled out at the approach of a man in his mid to late 
forties.  Yosho.  As he walked down the street, people cleared out of his 
way.  

	Just then, a young beggar walked up to him.  Purple hair framed 
her pale face, which held sunken eyes that were surely a sign of 
malnutrition.  Perhaps the small girl did not realize whom she had dared 
to approach, or perhaps she was too desperate to care.  We sincerely hope 
that one need not know her name in order to pity the poor soul for what 
will happen to her next, but if it helps, we shall refer to her as Misao.  

	"Spare some money, sir?" Misao asked Yosho.  

	"No. Go away!" Yosho snapped at her.  

	"Please, sir?" asked Misao in a voice more weak from hunger than 
from fear.  

	"I said no!  Now get out of my way!" said Yosho, raising his 
voice and causing the girl to cringe slightly.  

	"But sir..." Misao tried again.  Desperation showed clearly in 
her green eyes.  

	"For the last time, NO!" Yosho shouted, "NOW CLEAR OFF OR I'LL 
HAVE THE POLICE DRAG YOU AWAY FOR VAGRANCY!"

	Misao ran away crying.  It was a sight that should have broken 
any heart, but it did not bother Yosho in the least.  Therefore, we 
apologize for saying in the second paragraph that Yosho had closed his 
heart to his fellow man, when obviously his coldness was not merely 
reserved for men.  Please forgive this oversight.  (Please?)

	Yosho walked up to the door of his place of business, "Kagato and 
Yosho Loan Office".  He saw that his sole employee, Noboyuki, was already 
at work.  

	"Good Morning, Mr. Yosho," said Noboyuki, glancing up.  

	Yosho frowned at his employee for looking away from his work.  
"What's so good about it?" Yosho replied sourly.  He was about to say 
something more, but paused when he sensed something about the room's 
atmosphere.  "Mr. Masaki, do you have the air conditioning on in here?" he 
said accusingly.  

	"Uh, yes sir," Noboyuki replied, "It's going to get rather hot 
today and so I thought that--"

	"Well, it's not hot yet!" Yosho interrupted, "Turn it off until 
it is!  That air conditioning costs money!"

	"Yes sir!" Noboyuki said quickly.  

	Grumbling, Yosho made his way to his office.  Noticing a woman 
inside wearing a GP Detective's uniform, he turned back towards Noboyuki.  
"Who's the Geepy?" Yosho asked him.  

	"Detective Sergeant Mitsuki from the Galaxy Police Public 
Relations' office." Noboyuki replied.  

	"Oh yes.  It's THAT time of year again!" Yosho groaned, "Better 
get this over with!"

	He walked into his office, and Mitsuki stood up.  

	"Good morning, sir," she said, "Might I have a moment of your 
time?"

	"Make it quick!  I have work to do!" said Yosho.  

	"Well, sir," said Mitsuki, "I was wondering if you'd be 
interested in donating to the Galaxy Police Orphans' Fund.  Last year, 
8,987 Galaxy Police Officers wear killed in the line of duty, half of 
which left families behind, leaving them with no visible means of support.  
Which is why we are looking for people to donate money to help these poor 
children."

	"And I suppose you want me to donate?" said Yosho, rolling his 
eyes.  

	"Yes, sir!  How much should I put you down for?" Mitsuki said 
brightly.  She took out a small computer notebook, her card reader.  

	"None." Yosho said flatly.  

	Mitsuki blinked, her finger hovering uncertainly over the card 
reader's keypad.  A large sweatdrop formed above her head (and it was not 
because Noboyuki had turned off the air conditioning).  Suddenly, she 
smiled.  "Ah, an anonymous donation!  I get it!  So, how much shall I 
'not' put you down for?"

	"None." Yosho repeated, his tone somewhat sharper this time.  

	A look of astonishment spread across Mitsuki's face.  She stood 
there dumbfounded for a moment, much to Yosho's irritation.  

	"You mean you won't donate at all?" she finally said.  

	"That's what I said."

	"What about the children?" Mitsuki said, dismayed.  

	"I didn't kill their parents.  Why should they come and take 
money from my pockets?  Better that they hurry up and die and decrease 
the surplus population. Or that they get jobs of their own and learn what 
the value of a Jurai is!"

	"But sir, it's Startica!" Mitsuki pleaded.  

	"Why should that make a difference?" said Yosho, pointing towards 
the door, "Now I bid you good day!"

	Mitsuki could not believe what she was hearing.  She decided to 
try one last time.  "Won't you reconsider?" Mitsuki said, pouring on all 
the diplomatic charm she could muster.  


	Out on the street, several passersby were startled by the sight 
of Mitsuki flying out of the Loan Office and landing on her diplomatic, 
charming butt.  Yosho glared at her from the doorway.  "I SAID GOOD DAY!" 
he told her, then went back inside, slamming the door shut behind him.  
Seeing as his treatment of this woman (not to mention his opinion of the 
orphans) once again shows that Yosho had closed his heart to more than 
just his fellow *man*, we again apologize for the oversight.  (Have you 
forgiven us yet?)

	"ASSHOLE!" Mitsuki spat, visibly upset.  

	Someone reached out and helped Mitsuki up.  The detective looked 
at the young man's face and recognized him as Tenchi, and his beautiful 
companion as Ryoko.  

	"I'd prefer if you didn't refer to my Uncle that way." Tenchi 
said, smiling.  

	"Oh, thanks, Tenchi," said Mitsuki, brushing herself off, "Care 
to donate to the GP Orphans Fund?"

	"Sure," said Tenchi, smiling again, "Will 25 Jurai be alright?"

	"Will it?  That's great!" Mitsuki said happily.  She pulled out 
her card reader and typed up the donation, then let Tenchi run his card 
through.  "Thank you very much, sir!" she said, "So, are you gonna go see 
the old tightwad?"

	"Of course." Tenchi replied.  

	Mitsuki sighed and straightened her slightly rumpled uniform.  
"How do you put up with him?"

	"He's my Uncle.  I need no other reason." Tenchi said simply.  

	"Well, I'll be at the mall," Ryoko told Tenchi, stroking his 
cheek affectionately, "I'll meet you at our usual table.  See you later, 
my dear."

	"I can't wait," said Tenchi.  After giving Ryoko a kiss, Tenchi 
walked into Yosho's building and went up to Noboyuki's desk.  

	"Ah, good morning, Tenchi," said Noboyuki.  

	"And a good morning to you too!" said Tenchi, "Is Uncle in?"

	"That he is, sir," said Noboyuki, "Shall I tell him you wish to 
see him?"

	Tenchi thought for a moment.  "Just tell him he has a client," he 
said.  

	"Yes, sir," said Noboyuki, getting on the intercom to notify 
Yosho.  


	In his office, Yosho said to Noboyuki through the intercom, "A 
customer?  Send him right in then!"

	As Yosho stood up, the door to his office opened and Tenchi 
strode in smiling.  "Oh, it's you," said Yosho, frowning and sitting back 
down.  

	"Is that any way to greet your only living relative?" Tenchi 
asked lightly.  

	"What do you want?" Yosho sighed.  

	"I came to invite you over to my place for our Startica Party," 
said Tenchi.  

	"Now why would I want to do that?" Yosho retorted.  

	"Why not?" said Tenchi, "We're having a nice dinner, and we have 
a balcony that is on the parade route and it's near one of the pools.  We 
even have a great view of one of the big fireworks displays."

	"Fireworks?  Is that supposed to impress me in some way?"

	"Heh!  Come on now, Yosho.  No need for sarcasm.  You act as if 
I've wronged you in some way.  I haven't, have I?"

	"You married that off-worlder against my wishes!" Yosho exploded, 
"And you are friends with all those other off-worlders!"

	"Well," Tenchi said calmly, "they are my co-workers in the 
Translator's Department at the Jurai Embassy Complex.  And Ryoko is a 
wonderful woman." He said the last bit with another one of his smiles 
that Yosho found so irritating.  

	"And that's another thing!" Yosho exclaimed, "I gave you a chance 
to become a partner in this company and you had the gall to reject my 
offer!"

	"I'm a diplomat, Uncle, not an accountant," said Tenchi.  

	"Diplomacy, ha!" Yosho spat.  

	"So, will you be coming over?" Tenchi said, remaining as calm and 
cool as a zucumber (the Juraian version of a cucumber).  

	"Startica's a farce!" said Yosho, "The faster you learn that, the 
better!"

	"So, what time can we expect you?" said Tenchi, maintaining a 
calmness that would make any zucumber green with envy (at least it would, 
if not for the fact that zucumbers are already green).  

	"I'm not coming!"

	"Ah, 7:30!" said Tenchi with another smile, "We'll be waiting for 
you!"

	"Are you deaf, boy?  I'm not coming!" said Yosho, a vein on his 
forehead bulging ominously.  

	Tenchi appeared to think for a moment.  "We'll be serving dinner 
at 8:00 then," he said.  

	"Look now, I said I'm not--"

	"And since the parade comes by around then, we can watch the 
parade during dinner," said Tenchi, eyes shining.  

	"Get it through that thick skull of yours! I'M-"

	"And then Fireworks..."

	"...NOT-"

	"And dancing!"

	"...COMING!"

	"Oh, I guess I'll let you think it over, then," said Tenchi with 
yet another smile.  

	"ARGH!"

	"I'll see you there," said Tenchi, "And have a Joyous Startica!" 
He smiled (again) and waved good-bye to Yosho.  

	"A FARCE!" Yosho shouted, throwing his pen at Tenchi.  The pen 
bounced harmlessly off the door as Tenchi shut it behind him.  

	Once outside Yosho's office, Tenchi turned to Noboyuki.  "So, 
would you and the wife like to come over for my party?" he asked.  

	Noboyuki shook his head.  "Thank you, but no.  Achika and I are 
having our own for the family.  More for Mirei and Sasami more than 
anybody."

	Concern filled Tenchi's features.  "How is Sasami-chan anyway?" 
he asked.  

	"Well," said Noboyuki, "we've got half the money we need for her 
treatments.  My wish is that one day she'll be healthy enough to walk in 
a Startica parade herself."

	"I'd be glad to help out," said Tenchi.  

	"No, Tenchi" said Noboyuki, "You've helped us out more than we 
could have ever hoped already.  And for that we are in your debt."

	"Think nothing of it," said Tenchi on his way out, "It's the least 
I could do.  Wish Sasami a Joyous Startica for me, then.  I'll see you 
after Startica.  Good day!"

	Good day?  If only Tenchi knew just what a day, or more 
accurately, a night, someone close to him was going to have!  But we are 
getting ahead of ourselves.  


	Yosho had almost managed to push the encounter with his nephew 
out of his mind by the time his security guard, a woman called Nagi, 
walked into his office with a security case shackled to her wrist.  By 
the time both he and Nagi walked out of the office a few seconds later, 
he had pretty much forgotten about the whole thing.  After all, he could 
not waste time thinking about such trivial nonsense when there was 
important business to be conducted.  

	"I'll be at the Commerce Center if anyone needs me," Yosho told 
Noboyuki, "If they want to talk to me, they can do it in person.  You 
know how much I hate doing business over com channels."

	"Yes sir!" said Noboyuki.  

	"And keep that damn air conditioning down!" Yosho added with a 
scowl as he went out the door.  Yet another reminder of Yosho's 
unmerciful personality.  Although it may not seem as if any more examples 
are necessary, we are about to provide another one anyway, mainly because 
we noticed that some of you slept through that last scene.  


	As Yosho was walking back to his office later that day, a young 
and rather poorly dressed man approached him.  

	"Excuse me, sir, might I have a moment of your time?" asked the 
young man.  

	"Be quick about it.  It's working hours," said Yosho.  

	"Well, sir," he began, "I'm Amarobei--"

	Yosho recognized the name.  "Ah, yes.  I remember.  You took out 
a loan three months ago.  Well?"

	Amarobei took a deep breath before continuing.  "Well, it's about 
that loan, sir," he finally said, "I'm not gonna be able to make this 
month's payment and was wondering if--"

	Yosho cut him off.  "No."

	"But, sir," Amarobei pleaded, "it's just one payment.  I'll be 
able to pay it next month.  You'll still get your money, only a month 
later than you wanted."

	Yosho frowned in disgust.  "It's not about getting my money," he 
said, "It's about living up to the terms of your contract.  And since you 
don't seem to be able to live up to those terms, I'll have to repossess 
the item in question, which, if I'm right, was an engagement ring."

	"You mean you'd take Yura's ring?" Amarobei exclaimed.  

	"I'm glad you see my point," said Yosho, "Good day."

	"But sir--"

	But Yosho was already walking off.  "Good day." Yosho said 
without bothering to turn around.  

	Angry tears formed in Amarobei's eyes.  "Money grubbing old 
geezer!" he growled under his breath.  

	"I heard that!" Yosho snapped, still not bothering to turn around.  

	Since it actually was a man that Yosho had closed his heart to 
this time, there is no need for us to apologize, so... nyah, nyah!  

	At any rate, it was pretty clear that something needed to be done 
about Yosho... but again, we are getting ahead of ourselves.  


	Sunset was fast approaching, and with it would come closing time 
for Yosho's office.  Yosho's clock, a small log with two leaves that 
pointed to numbers that were painted onto the log in Juraian script, 
indicated that it was 8:00 PM.  Painted above the number 8 were the words 
"Close of Business".  As the big leaf touched the 12 and the little leaf 
touched the 8, the clock's chimes went off.  For those of you who have 
never heard the sounds Juraian clocks make, they sound somewhat like 
bamboo wind chimes.  If you are really interested, there's a guy named 
Patrick M. Stewart who sells Juraian clocks on the black market on Earth.  
(But you didn't hear that from us, okay?)

	Upon hearing the clock's chimes, Yosho turned to Noboyuki and 
said, "That's it for the day, Mr. Masaki. You may go home now.  I suppose 
you'll be wanting to take tomorrow off."

	Noboyuki nodded.  "If it's not too much trouble, sir."

	"Every summer, you say the same thing.  And every summer it's as 
much trouble as the one before." Yosho grumbled.  

	"It's only once a year, sir," Noboyuki said softly, "And it's 
more for the family than for me."

	"Very well," Yosho sighed, "You may go, then.  But I expect you 
to be early the day after."

	"Thank you, sir!" Noboyuki said happily.  

	"Yes, yes," Yosho said quickly, "Just lock up when you're done.  
I'll be off now.  Good night."  He then left without waiting for a 
response.  

	"Good night, sir!" Noboyuki said anyway.  With a smile on his 
face, Noboyuki shut his computer down, locked up the office, and headed 
down the street to a building marked as "Ramia's Bakery".  Waiting inside 
the door was none other than Sasami-chan.  Her skin was perhaps a bit too 
pale, her body a bit too thin, but upon seeing Noboyuki, her eyes lit up 
with a spark brought about a most miraculous (not to mention kawaii) 
transformation to her face.  

	"PAPA!" Sasami exclaimed, her joyous shout much louder than what 
you would expect from such a small being.  She walked (for the frail 
child could not run) up to Noboyuki and huggled him as high as she could 
reach.  Sasami trembled slightly from the effort of embracing him, but 
Noboyuki managed a smile.  After all, this seemed to be one of her better 
days.  

	"Did you have fun helping Mrs. Ramia today?" Noboyuki asked his 
daughter.  

	"Oh boy, did I!" she exclaimed, her eyes shining even more 
brightly than before, "I helped her decorate a cake for Mrs. Ryoko's 
party tomorrow!  She even gave me a full day's pay and a bag of cookies 
for helping her out!  See?"  She proudly held up a bag of cookies for her 
father to admire.  

	"That's terrific!" said Noboyuki, "Well, let's get home and tell 
your mother the good news."

	"Umm, papa, can we stop by a store first?" asked Sasami, "I wanna 
get mama a present!"

	"Of course," said Noboyuki, smiling.  He lifted Sasami up onto 
his shoulders and continued down the street.  Alas, it had not been his 
imagination that Sasami appeared to have lost weight again...


	Meanwhile, Yosho had arrived at the door to his house and had 
activated the panel next to it.  The viewscreen opened up and Yosho began 
to speak.  "It's me, Nagi.  Open up," he said.  

	But instead of Nagi's face on the screen, the image of his old 
partner Kagato appeared and said, "Yosho..."

	"Kagato?  Is that you?" Yosho whispered, his face looking as if 
he had just seen a ghost (Which was appropriate enough, since that was 
exactly what had happened).  

	"What did you say, sir?" a female voice sounded.  

	Yosho blinked his eyes a few times and saw that Nagi was onscreen.  

	"Uh... nothing!" said Yosho, his nervousness making him sound 
even more snappish than usual, "Now let me in!"


	"Yes sir," said Nagi, as she unlocked the electronic gate from 
inside the building and turned the screen off.  "He's losing it," Nagi 
muttered to herself, "The boys in white'll drag him away soon."


	A little later that night, around 11:00 PM, Yosho sat quietly at 
a table in his room, trying to put the annoyances of the day behind him.  
On the table before him was a bottle filled with a light green liquid, 
labeled "Pale Amanese Rum".  Yosho poured himself a glass and drank it.  

	"Ahhh... That's better," Yosho said to himself, "Nothing like 
Amanese rum to drown out the noise from all this Startica nonsense!"

	Just as Yosho was pouring another glass, there was a knock at his 
door.  "Use the intercom, Nagi!" he said, irritated at the interruption.  

	The knocking became louder.  

	"I said use the intercom!" Yosho shouted.  

	The knocking turned to pounding.  

	Yosho got up and stormed to the door.  "Do I have to show you 
how?!" he exclaimed, opening the door, "WHAT THE HELL DO YOU--"

	Yosho blinked in surprise when he saw that there was nobody at 
the door.  Activating the intercom, he asked, "Nagi?  Where are you?"

	"I'm in the shower!" Nagi's voice responded.  

	"You are?" said Yosho.  He picked up his remote and turned his 
screen on.  Sure enough, there was Nagi in the shower.  "Ah, yes.  I 
see!" he said.  

	"What?" Nagi exclaimed, looking up to the camera, "Is there 
anywhere in this house you DON'T have a camera?"

	"No." Yosho said simply.  "You may continue your shower then," he 
added, "Good night!"

	He turned off the screen, but set his memory crystal player to 
"record".  "Now that that's done..." he said to himself.  

	Yosho closed the door.  As he turned to sit back down, he was 
shocked to see his long-dead friend Kagato in his chair.  

	"I see Nagi still works here," Kagato said casually, "I remember 
when she first started working for me.  She was 19 and was hired to look 
after me when I became ill."

	"Kagato?" was all Yosho could think of saying.  

	"She took care of me in every way imaginable," Kagato continued, 
not seeming to notice the shocked expression on Yosho's face, "We even 
made it a few times.  Wonderful girl."

	"Kagato?  Is that really you?"

	"Who else would it be?" Kagato replied.  

	"But you're..." Yosho could not even finish the sentence.  

	"As a doornail." Kagato said helpfully, nodding.  

	"But how... Why... What are you doing here?" Yosho managed to say.  

	"What am I doing here? ... What AM I doing here?" Kagato murmured 
thoughtfully.  He became pensively silent for a moment, then snapped his 
fingers.  "Ah yes!", he said brightly, extending his hand, "First, let's 
shake hands."

	"Alright..." said Yosho.  But as he reached out, Yosho realized 
that his hand was blocked by a crystalline structure that surrounded 
Kagato.  "What in the name of Tsu... What is this?  Some kind of joke?" 
said Yosho.  

	"No, no joke my friend," said Kagato, "But a curse.  A 
punishment."

	"For what?"

	"For all the things I've done in my life!" said Kagato.  

	Yosho was baffled.  "But all your life ever was was that of a 
good businessman," he said, "Nothing wrong with being a moneylender!"

	"But it was the way I conducted myself!" said Kagato.  

	"You were always the best forecloser I've seen in my life!" said 
Yosho, remembering fondly, "Nothing like a good liquidation to improve 
business, as you so often said!"

	"The peoples of the universe should have been our business!" 
Kagato said, raising his voice, "With every wrong I did against someone, 
I added another facet to this crystal!  Of my own free will I carved it, 
and of my own free will I live in it!"

	"Rubbish!" exclaimed Yosho, trying unsuccessfully to hide his 
fear, "You're not real!  You are an alcohol-induced hallucination!  
There's more spirits than spirit to you!"

	This could not be happening to him, Yosho told himself.  It 
definitely had to be the result of too much Amanese rum.  That, or it 
was something he ate.  Yes, that was it.  "Kagato" was probably an 
undigested blot of beef, a crumb of mustard, a bit of cheese, some kind 
of potato... No wait, that should be an underdone beef, an undigested 
mustard, a blot of cheese... No, that's still not it... ARGH!  (Note to 
the readers: This is what happens when you buy the study notes instead of 
reading the actual book.  Let that be a lesson to all you students out 
there.)  At any rate, Yosho simply could not believe that this was 
happening!  

	"YOOOOOOOOSHOOOOO!!!!!," Kagato wailed, "DO YOU NOT BELIEVE YOUR 
OWN EYES?!!"

	Perhaps it was a bit overdone, but it worked for Yosho, who began 
cowering on the floor.  "I believe!  I believe!  But why have you come to 
haunt me?" Yosho sobbed.  

	"I have come to warn you," Kagato replied, "If you continue on 
your present course, your prison's wall will be twice as thick and have 
twice the facets as mine."

	"If I'm to be damned, then why are you telling me this?" Yosho 
demanded.  

	"Because it's not too late," Kagato said softly, "There's still 
a chance for you."

	"A chance?" said Yosho, "What chance?"

	"You will be visited by three spirits," said Kagato, "Heed well 
what they show you, lest you should wind up like myself."

	"Three spirits?"

	"Expect the first at Midnight," said Kagato, beginning to fade 
away.  

	"Wait, Kagato! KAGATO!!" Yosho shouted.  But Kagato was already 
gone.  Yosho's courage departed as well; he hurried to his bed and hid 
under the covers.  


	It was not until the Juraian chronometer at Yosho's bedside 
struck 12:00 that he finally peered out of the covers.  By this time, his 
fear had been replaced by his usual grumpiness.  "What's keeping this 
spirit?" Yosho grumbled, getting out of bed and heading for the door, 
"Hrmph!  Spirit indeed!"

	He continued to grumble as he opened his bedroom door ... and 
stopped when he found that his lounge had been turned into a breathtaking 
arboreal paradise, with golden rays of sunlight shining through spaces in 
the bluish-green treetops.  Some rays of sunlight appeared to be dancing 
through the air, but closer inspection revealed that they were bright 
yellow butterflies, their gold rivaled only by the golden voices of the 
various songbirds perched all around.  As for the birds themselves, they 
came in all sorts of colors, giving the appearance of a rough circle of 
precious jewels surrounding the pool of water that was the center of this 
miniature Eden.  Sitting on a rock by the water was a lady in traditional 
Juraian dress.  

	As impossible as it may sound, the woman was even more beautiful 
than the magical forest that surrounded her.  The shower of blue that was 
her hair had been tied into two long ponytails, looking like twin rivers 
that cascaded past her shoulders and down her back.  Her lovely face held 
bright pink eyes that somehow sparkled with both childlike mischief and 
the wisdom of Jurai's greatest sages, and the exquisite robes that she 
wore only added to the fairytale aura she had about her.  

	"Greetings, Yosho," said the woman, her voice flowing as gently 
and pleasingly as a brook.  She extended her hand for a songbird to perch 
on.  

	"Who are you?" said Yosho, sounding just a bit nervous.  
Understandable, given that his lounge now looked like something off the 
Discovery Channel.  

	"I am the Spirit of Startica Past," she said in response to 
Yosho's question.  She patted the spot next to her on the rock.  "Come, 
sit down."

	"Why?" said Yosho, still very nervous, "What are you going to do 
to me?"

	"Be not afraid, Yosho," said the spirit, "You have nothing to 
fear from me."

	"Then why are you here?" asked Yosho.  

	"I have come to you to show you the shadows of times that are 
long past," was the reply.  

	"I don't need to be reminded of the past," said Yosho, "I 
remember it quite well."

	"Do you?"

	"Of course I do!"

	"Then you have nothing to fear from what I shall reveal to you," 
the spirit said with a smile.  She approached the window, the one part of 
the lounge that had remained unchanged, and opened it.  "Come Yosho.  We 
shall depart on our journey."

	"Out the window?" Yosho sputtered.  

	"This is the portal to the past, my friend," said the spirit.  

	"I can't fly!" Yosho exclaimed, "If I go out the window, I'll be 
killed!"

	"You need only take my hand, Yosho," the spirit said, extending 
her delicate hand towards Yosho.  

	Hesitantly, he took it.  "Where are we going?" he asked.  

	"A place very familiar to you," was the reply.  The spirit and 
Yosho stepped out of the window and flew off into the night.  At first, 
Yosho was absolutely terrified, but he eventually grew accustomed to 
flight.  The spirit's grip on his hand was gentle but strong, and he had 
the feeling that she would not let him fall.  Not only that, but he 
somehow felt as light as a feather.  

	Besides, there were much worse things he could be doing than 
flying over the city with a beautiful woman, and this woman was VERY 
beautiful.  She even had a soothing scent of flowers and trees about her.  
It was similar to a wonderful dream that Yosho had had once, except that 
he probably wasn't going to "score" at the end of this flight.  Oh well.  

	When they finally landed someplace, the night suddenly turned to 
day and the city changed into the campus of a prestigious Juraian private 
school.  Judging from the fact that the school was practically abandoned, 
one could deduce that it was the time of the Startica Holiday.  The only 
people there were the caretaker, a groundskeeper, and a lone student 
sitting under a tree.  

	"I know this place!" Yosho exclaimed, "This is my old school.  
But it's so ... empty."

	"Well of course it is, Dear Yosho," said the spirit, "It's 
Startica.  All of the young men are at home with their families ... save 
for that young man under that tree."

	The young man was looking at a holo-pic projector.  He projected 
pictures of his mother Funaho, his sister Kiyone, his girlfriend Aeka, 
and his father Azusa.  Once Azusa's picture appeared, he shut the 
projector off in disgust.   

	"That young man ... is ... me," said Yosho.  

	"Correct, my friend," said the spirit, "But why aren't you with 
your family?"

	"Because my father left me here every Startica," said Yosho.  

	"Every Startica that is, except for one," said the spirit.  As 
she said that, a young woman with dark green hair and bright blue eyes 
walked up to the young man.  She was one of the women that the younger 
Yosho had been looking at a picture of: his sister Kiyone.  

	"Yosho!  There you are!" Kiyone said to Yosho's younger self.  

	"Kiyone!" Young Yosho said happily, hopping to his feet and 
embracing his sister, "What are you doing here?"

	"I've come to take you home, brother," Kiyone replied.  

	"But ... does father know you are here?" Young Yosho asked.  

	"Who do you think sent me?" said Kiyone.  

	"But why?" asked Young Yosho, "He's always blamed me for mother's 
death.  I mean, I was just a baby!  I had no control over what happened!  
She died giving birth to me."

	"Because he's dying, Yosho," Kiyone said quietly, "I was with him 
when he found out about it.  He no longer blames you for mother's passing.  
He would like for you to come home so he can make his peace with you 
before he too passes away.  He told me that you'll never have to come 
back here again."

	"Home ... it's been so long since I've been there," he murmured, 
"I have to get my belongings together."

	"No need," said Kiyone, "Azaka is already getting them."

	"But what if I didn't--"

	"But I knew you wouldn't," Kiyone interrupted him, "I know you 
better than anyone.  Now let's get going.  If we hurry, we can catch the 
Startica Festival on the first day."

	"Oh, Kiyone was the best sister anyone could've ever had," our 
present-day Yosho said to the spirit, "She really did know me better than 
anyone."

	"She really was your best friend and sister all rolled together," 
the spirit said, "But there was another who was even more important to 
you..."  As the spirit said this, the scenery before them faded from the 
campus to an office party.  Merry tunes were being provided by a 
delightful band called "Aya and the Funky Club", or AFC.  The band was 
currently playing a fast-paced song called, "My Playful One", and people 
danced and clapped their hands to the music.  

	Those who weren't clapping or dancing were probably enjoying the 
wonderful feast.  A table at the back wall was heaped with all manner of 
summer treats, from zucumber salad to shaved ice covered with syrup.  And 
of course, it wouldn't be a feast without some delicious Roast Beast.  A 
banner above the table read "Happy Startica from Kuramitsu Security 
Corporation".  

	When our present-day Yosho realized where he was, he almost 
became as giddy as a schoolboy.  "This is old Kuramitsu's place!" he said 
excitedly, "This is where I got my first job.  There's the old man 
himself."  He pointed to an old, blonde-haired and well-tanned gentleman 
with pointed ears and a beard.  

	The spirit said to Yosho, "Judging from the tone of your voice, 
he must have paid you well."

	"No it wasn't that," said Yosho, "It was the way he treated us 
and made us feel.  Never was there a kinder and friendlier man."

	"And what did this party cost him?  500, 600 Jurai?" the spirit 
asked.  

	"Well ... I..." Yosho stammered.  

	He stopped trying to answer so he could hear Kuramitsu say, "And 
now I'd like you all to give a round of applause to my lovely wife, 
Misaki, who made this all possible!"  At that, Misaki stood up, revealing 
that she was dressed in robes like Tsunami's (for those of you unfamiliar 
with Juraian custom, Tsunami is to Startica what Santa Claus is to 
Christmas).  If Yosho had not been so busy reminiscing, he might have 
noticed that Misaki's lovely Tsunami costume looked very much like the 
Spirit of Startica Past's attire.  

	The party guests applauded.  "Thank you all!" Misaki exclaimed 
joyously, throwing her arms open, "And now everyone come forward and give 
Tsunami a big hug and tell her what you want for Startica."

	Everyone in the room had a big laugh.  

	"No, really, I'm serious," said Misaki.  

	Everyone got another big laugh.  

	"NO, REALLY!  I MEAN IT!" Misaki exclaimed.  

	Everyone in the room teardropped and lined up for their "huggle".  

	Yosho laughed.  "And she was such a kindly woman, even if she 
believed in Tsunami," he said to the spirit.  

	"Oh, so you don't believe in Tsunami, huh?" said the spirit, 
sounding fairly unhappy.  

	"How do you know if Tsunami exists, spirit?" said Yosho.  

	"I think, therefore I am," said the spirit, crossing her arms, 
"But that's not important right now!  What is important is what I brought 
you all this way to see. Over in the corner.  You recognize those two 
young people?"  Tsunami (for that is indeed who she was) then directed 
Yosho's gaze over to his younger self and a beautiful, dignified young 
lady with long violet tresses.  

	"Aeka..." said Yosho, his eyes widening with recognition.  

	The laughter and clapping died down as the band played a much 
slower and softer song, "Meet Me at Dream Lake".  Everyone who was not 
dancing to this song quietly watched all the couples who were beginning 
to waltz.  Everyone, that is, except for Young Yosho, who was standing 
off to the side and happily gazing into Aeka's eyes.  From the look on 
his face, one could tell that he thought everything about the moment was 
just perfect, especially the woman he was with.  "Here, Aeka," Young 
Yosho said, handing her a small box, "I have a gift for you.  Happy 
Startica."

	"Now, Yosho," said Aeka, her full lips pouting slightly, "We both 
agreed.  No gifts.  You insisted."

	"Well, I changed my mind," said Young Yosho, smiling shyly, 
"Please, take it."

	"Alright, but remember, you said no gifts," said Aeka.  With her 
slender fingers she opened the box and removed from it ... a ring.  A 
very beautiful ring of gilded Juraian wood, with patterns of leaves and 
small flowers carved into it.  She gasped.  "Oh, Yosho ... you really 
shouldn't have.  This must have cost you a fortune."

	"A fortune?" Tsunami said, raising an eyebrow at our present-day 
Yosho, "Is this the same man who now won't even give a poor little beggar 
some spare change?"

	"Now look here!" said present-day Yosho, "I ... I mean you ... 
I ... er, uh..."

	Present-day Yosho gave up and went back to listening to Aeka.  

	"It really makes me wish I had something to give you for 
Startica," she was saying, her gaze fixed on the floor and her cheeks 
pink.  

	"You already have something to give me..." Young Yosho said 
softly, taking the ring from her hand and preparing to slip it onto her 
delicate finger, "Your hand in marriage.  Will you--"

	Aeka's head snapped up, revealing that her crimson eyes shone 
with tears.  "Yes!  I will!" she shouted before he could finish.  
Blushing even more deeply than before, Aeka moved in closer to Young 
Yosho.  She opened her mouth to say something else, but Young Yosho 
interrupted her with a kiss.  Judging from the way her ears were now 
turning pink as well, it was probably the nicest way she had ever been 
interrupted in her life.  Young Yosho wrapped his arms around Aeka's 
small form, and after a moment Aeka rested her hands on his chest, 
before sliding them around to his back.  

	A large paper cabbit hung from the ceiling.  It was supposed to 
split open at midnight, but somehow the paper cabbit opened early, and 
silver confetti came forth.  The confetti spilled into the room and 
surrounded the happy couple with what appeared to be a little shower of 
stars.  

	The explanation for the confetti's early appearance came a moment 
later, when Misaki, still holding onto the stick she had used to poke the 
paper cabbit, suddenly ran up and huggled Aeka and Young Yosho.  

	"You two will make such a cute couple!" Misaki said, her smile 
looking wide enough to engulf the entire Roast Beast, "When's the 
wedding?"

	"Ah, such a happy scene..." said Tsunami, "but now we must 
depart..."  As she said this, mist began to form around them.  

	"Where are we going?" present-day Yosho asked her.  

	"To the time where you partnered with ... him," Tsunami answered.  
The mist cleared, revealing that they were standing in a room with Young 
Yosho and Kagato.  This was not the ghost that had approached Yosho 
before, but a young Kagato with black hair.  Back then, he looked much 
like Young Yosho.  

	"Come now, Yosho.  We could buy this place out from under the old 
man." Kagato was saying.  

	"Come on, we can't sell out like that," said Young Yosho, "We 
gave him our word to remain loyal to him no matter what!"

	"THAT was our OLD word," Kagato declared, "Our new word is 
MONEY!  By this time next year, you'll be able to give that fiancée of 
yours a Startica wedding like she's never seen!"

	"Hmmmmm ... When can we take over?" said Young Yosho.  

	"By this time tomorrow, you'll be a partner in the Kagato and 
Yosho Loan Office!" said Kagato.  Just as he uttered those words, a young 
Noboyuki entered the room.  

	"Mr. Yosho?" said Noboyuki.  

	"Yes?  What is it?" said Young Yosho.  

	"The hospital just called.  Your sister just gave birth to a 
son..."

	"HA-HAA!" Young Yosho crowed, "You owe me 50 Jurai, Kagato!"

	"SIR!  There's more..." Noboyuki added with a very depressed look 
on his face, "The doctor said she will not make it through the night."

	Young Yosho opened his mouth as if to say something, but no words 
came out.  He gave up and dashed out the door, leaving Kagato and 
Noboyuki behind.  

	"So, Mr. Noboyuki," Kagato said after a moment of silence, "we'll 
be cutting back on personnel when we take over.  I'd like to keep you on.  
You're the best young accountant here."

	"Thank you, sir," said Noboyuki.  Under his breath, he added, 
"Great, there go the art classes..."

	"You see what kind of man he was?" Tsunami said to present-day 
Yosho, "Your dear sister was dying, and he had the nerve to discuss 
terminating the jobs of twenty people!"

	"So what of it?" said present-day Yosho, "It's not like he was 
the father!"

	"Thankfully," said Tsunami, "But still, he was a close friend of 
hers.  The least he could've done was offer his condolences!"

	"You're right," said present-day Yosho, his face looking as if he 
just had a revelation, "He didn't even attend her..."

	"Don't worry about that now," said Tsunami, "There's something 
else you must see."  Mist surrounded the two again.  When it cleared, 
they were in a room where all was white and quiet.  It was Kiyone's 
hospital room.  Kiyone was lying on a bed, as white and quiet as the rest 
of the room.  

	"No, spirit!" said Yosho, "Not here!  Why did you bring me here?"

	"It is you who have brought us here.  This is something you must 
hear..." Tsunami said.  

	"Yosho ... is that you?" Kiyone said weakly.  She turned to look 
at Young Yosho, whose eyes began to water when he saw that her face was 
as pale as the snow white pillow that her head rested upon.  

	"Yes, Kiyo, it's me." Young Yosho replied softly, taking her hand.  
It, too, was completely drained of color, and Young Yosho stared at it in 
disbelief.  

	"I ... haven't much time..." Kiyone whispered.  

	"Nonsense, Kiyo," said Young Yosho, worry making him speak in an 
unnaturally loud voice, "You'll make it...You MUST make it!"  He fixed 
his eyes upon Kiyone's hair.  Her face and hand were white, the sparkle 
was gone from her eyes, and her voice had been reduced to the most 
fragile of whispers.  Only her hair was the same as it had always been: 
a rich, dark green.  And so, Young Yosho gazed at her hair, not looking 
at the anguished expression on his sister's face.  He did not see her 
pleading eyes, which showed how much she wanted to gaze into his eyes 
for as long as she could (which clearly was not much longer), and how 
she wanted to say so, but was too weak.  

	Our present-day Yosho, however, could see this.  He tried to will 
his younger self to look at her, to treasure seeing that face while he 
could, drained though it was, but the young man would not look up.  But 
of course he didn't ... present-day Yosho was powerless to change 
something that had already happened.  All he could do was wring his hands 
and watch helplessly.  It was Kiyone's voice that finally stirred the 
younger man, though it took her several tries before Young Yosho heard 
her.  

	"Yosho, I..." Kiyone winced with pain and drew in a sharp breath, 
then resumed speaking after a moment, "I ... have a favor to ask of 
you..."

	"Anything," said Young Yosho, forcing himself to look at his 
sister's colorless visage again.  

	It took a while before Kiyone was able to summon the strength to 
speak again.  When she finally did, her voice was even fainter than 
before.  

	"Please ... Yosho, I-I want to--" Kiyone winced again, then let 
out a weak yell of pain as her hand slipped out of Young Yosho's and 
fell back to the white sheets.  

	"Kiyo?"  Young Yosho shook her, then shook her again.  "KIYO!"  

	No response.  

	Young Yosho despondently stood up and headed for the door.  On his 
way out, the newborn boy started crying.  Young Yosho looked over at the 
healthy child with a gaze that was almost hateful and accusing, then 
hurriedly left the room.  

	"Oh ... what did I just do?" said present-day Yosho, his voice a 
haunted whisper.  

	"You blamed that innocent child for your dear sister's death, just 
as your father blamed you for your mother's," Tsunami said sadly.  

	"Take me from here!" present-day Yosho pleaded.  

	"Not quite yet," said Tsunami.  She directed Yosho's attention 
back to Kiyone, who was still weakly uttering her request.  The baby 
suddenly stopped crying, as if realizing the importance of this moment.  

	"Please ...Yosho..." Kiyone said in a tremulous whisper, her eyes 
closed from the effort of speaking, "Look after my ... boy..."  

	Silence.  

	Then, a last bit of movement came from her body: a tear rolled 
down from the corner of her eye and landed on her pillow.  It vanished 
into the pillowcase, and all was quiet and white again.  

	"You didn't even hear her dying request," said Tsunami, shaking 
her head.  

	An overpowering wave of remorse overcame our present-day Yosho.  
He was now standing directly over the bed, and was quite surprised when 
several tears that fell from his eyes actually landed on the pillow.  He 
had not thought that he could have any effect at all on the room.  The 
pillowcase did not absorb the tears, though, and so they stared back at 
him, dirty and unworthy to join the white tranquility that had enveloped 
his sister.  "Forgive me, Kiyo. I didn't know!"

	Tsunami put her arm around him and comforted him.  "Don't worry.  
She already has."

	"Show me no more, spirit!  Take me home!" he pleaded again.  

	"I will, but we have more stops to make," Tsunami said gently.  
More mist surrounded them.  When it cleared, they stood in Yosho's 
office, about 9 years after Kiyone's death.  The calendar read Startica 
Eve.  Young Yosho was minding his own business (in the literal sense at 
that) when Aeka stormed in and delivered a perfect Yuriko Starr-esque 
open handed slap to his face, knocking Young Yosho out of his chair.  

	"She hit me!" present-day Yosho exclaimed.  

	"You bastard!" said Aeka, glaring accusingly at Young Yosho, "Why 
didn't you send for Tenchi to come home from that private school you 
sent him to?  It's Startica!  And his birthday!  And the day his mother 
died!"

	"Because he's falling behind in his studies!" Young Yosho replied, 
rubbing the red area on his face where she had struck him.  

	"You call an A- average 'falling behind'?" Aeka shouted 
incredulously.  

	"Are you questioning my decision?!" Young Yosho roared.  

	"As your wife and the closest thing Tenchi has to a mother, YES I 
AM!"

	"You watch your tongue with me!  I am your husband!"

	"And I am your wife, but after the way I've seen you treat your 
only living blood, I'm not sure I want to be that anymore!"  Squeezing 
back angry tears, Aeka took off her ring and threw it into Young Yosho's 
face.  "I'm leaving you, Yosho!  You can come back to me when you've 
learned how to be a better human being!  And I'm taking Tenchi with me!  
Have a good life!  I hope your riches bring you as much happiness as I 
once did!"

	A sob escaped from Aeka's throat, but she quickly choked it down.  
Standing straighter than before, she turned around and stormed out of 
the office.  Young Yosho immediately ran out after her, shouting, "Fine!  
Leave!  SEE IF I CARE!!  And you can KEEP that little brat!  I don't 
need HIM in MY life!"

	"NO, you fool!" present-day Yosho shouted at his younger self, 
even though Young Yosho could not hear him, "You should've apologized!  
Even if she did slap you!"

	"If I weren't such a kind spirit, I'D have slapped you for that!" 
Tsunami said seriously.  

	This was becoming too much for our Yosho.  To see the drastic 
difference between the way his younger self had just shouted at Aeka, 
and the loving way his even younger self had treated her at Kuramitsu's 
party...

	Tsunami must have noticed Yosho's distress, for she rested a hand 
on his shoulder.  

	Meanwhile, Young Yosho stormed back into the office.  Kagato and 
Noboyuki looked at him as he came in.  Kagato was the first to speak.  

	"Huh, women," Kagato snorted, "You can't live with them, and you 
can't kill 'em!  For some reason, it's illegal."

	"Noboyuki, promise me you'll never get married." Young Yosho 
grumbled.  

	"Uh, sir, I AM married," said Noboyuki.  

	"What?" said Young Yosho, "When did this happen?  Last week?"

	"Seven years ago, sir.  Remember?  I invited you?  Aeka came."

	"Oh, I remember," Young Yosho said, "Achika!  Wasn't she an exotic 
dancer?"

	"She was an artist model!" said Noboyuki.  

	"Well, a stripper by any other name still takes off her clothes 
for money," said Kagato.  He and Young Yosho had a good laugh at 
Noboyuki's expense.  

	"Imagine, you two equating Achika to a cheap and tawdry stripper!" 
Tsunami said indignantly, taking her hand off Yosho's shoulder.  

	"It's a joke!" present-day Yosho protested, "Besides, she did have 
a beautiful body."

	"And she still does, but that's beside the point!" said Tsunami, 
"Speaking of points, we have one more to make.  Prepare yourself."  Yes, 
it was time for that misty feeling again. ^u^  This time, they wound 
up ... BACK IN THE OFFICE!!!!!  However, the Noboyuki and Yosho there 
appeared to be a little older.  Kagato was conspicuous by his absence.  
"We're here!" Tsunami said.  

	"Where are we ... Wait!  We were just here!  We haven't gone 
anywhere!" said present-day Yosho.  

	"Um, Yosho, look at the calendar," said Tsunami, "It's four years 
later.  Or just seven years ago.  Whichever way you want to look at it."

	"You mean that this is the day..." present-day Yosho began.  

	"When that bad influence passed on?  Yes."  Just as Tsunami spoke 
those words, a younger Nagi rushed into the office.  

	"Mr. Yosho?" said Nagi.  

	"Yes?  What is it?" asked Young Yosho.  

	"It's Mr. Kagato, sir," Nagi replied, "The doctor says if you want 
to take your leave of him, you'd better go now, because he isn't 
expected to make it through the night."

	"It's 5 o'clock," said Young Yosho, "The day's business ends at 8.  
I'll be there when the day's business ends."

	Nagi blinked in surprise.  "I'll see if the doctor can keep him 
alive until then, sir.  Good day."  As she walked out of the office and 
up to Noboyuki's desk, Nagi murmured, "You'd think he'd consider leaving 
work for a measly thirty minutes to see his friend before he dies!"

	"How much longer does Mr. Kagato have?" Noboyuki asked softly.  

	"Only a few hours," she replied.  Looking at the time, she added, 
"Well, I'd better be getting back.  Good evening, and if it isn't 
keeping with the situation, you and the family have a Joyous Startica."

	"You as well, Nagi," Noboyuki called after her as she left.  

	A few hours later, as the clock struck 8, Young Yosho said, 
"That's it for the day, Mr. Masaki.  You may go home now.  I suppose 
you'll be wanting to take tomorrow off."

	Noboyuki nodded.  "If it's not too much trouble, sir."

	"Every summer, you say the same thing.  And every summer it's as 
much trouble as the one before." Young Yosho grumbled.  

	"It's only once a year, sir, Noboyuki said softly, "And it's more 
for the family than for me."

	"Very well," Young Yosho sighed, "You may go, then.  But I expect 
you to be early the day after."

	"Thank you, sir!" Noboyuki said.  

	"Yes, yes," Young Yosho said quickly, "Just lock up when you're 
done.  I'll be off now.  Good night."  With that, Young Yosho left.  

	"I will, sir," Noboyuki called after him.  But, instead of being 
excited, he was a bit despondent over Kagato's condition.  

	"Look at him," said Tsunami, "He was showing more grief for an 
abusive boss than you did for a close friend."

	"He always was such a loyal employee," said present-day Yosho.  

	"Yes, and you two abused that loyalty by having him do the work 
of three people," said Tsunami, "He had such great potential to become 
an artist and you two crushed that dream!"

	"Well, why doesn't he just leave then?" said present-day Yosho.  

	"Because nobody will hire him without a degree and because no one 
else will work for you!" Tsunami replied.  

	"Oh ... am I really THAT bad to work for?" asked present-day Yosho, 
looking around, "I give him Startica off every summer!"

	"Yes, but most employers give their people THREE days off!" said 
Tsunami, "Now come on, for we must go to Kagato's..."  And mistily, they 
did.  They saw Kagato in bed, with Nagi standing next to it.  When the 
door alarm went off and Nagi was about to leave to answer it, Kagato 
managed a grin and then "goosed" her.  Nagi, offended, slapped his hand 
away.  

	"You dirty old man!" Nagi exclaimed, "I already told you!  I'll 
never sleep with you!  I don't care how close to death you are!"  With 
that, she walked out and headed for the door.  "GEEZE!!!" she added to 
herself.  

	"Wait!" said present-day Yosho, "Kagato's ghost said he slept with 
her!  Even in death, Kagato lies!"

	"Well, what did you expect?  That's all he did in life!" said 
Tsunami.  She and present-day Yosho then turned their attention back to 
Nagi.  

	"Who is it?" Nagi was saying at the door.  

	"It's me," said Young Yosho, "Let me in!"

	Nagi opened the door and Yosho immediately headed up the stairs.  
When he reached the top, he encountered a tall, elfish-looking man with 
narrow eyes.  What, you need a name?  Very well, we shall call him 
Tessei.  

	"Are you the doctor?" Young Yosho asked.  

	"No, sir," said Tessei, "I'm the undertaker."

	"Aren't you a little early?" said Young Yosho.  

	"Ours is a competitive business, sir," said Tessei, "You have to 
get to them before they die if you want to make it."

	"Well, I won't argue with you there!" said Young Yosho.  

	"You'd better hurry," Nagi said grimly, leading Young Yosho to 
Kagato's bed, "The boss is on his last legs."

	"Yosho?  Is ... that you?" said Kagato, taking his friend's hand.  

	"Yes.  How are you, old friend?" said Young Yosho.  

	"I'm ... dying ... you fool!" Kagato said.  

	"Dying?" Young Yosho said lightly, "You can't die.  It'd be bad 
for business!"

	"No ... no jokes ... something ...you ... must knooooow..." said 
Kagato, struggling for breath.  

	"What?  What is it?" Young Yosho asked.  

	"We ... were wrong..." Kagato whispered.  

	"Wrong?  Wrong about what?"

	"No ... we were wrong..."

	"Well, we can't be right about everything," said Young Yosho, 
frowning.  

	"Yosho ... before it's too late..."

	"Late?  Late for what?!"

	"It's not ... too ... late for ... youuuuuuuuu..."

	He never finished.  

	Young Yosho tore Kagato's hand away from his, as if the man's 
death was contagious.  As Young Yosho left the room, Tessei entered, 
took the time of death, and started measuring Kagato.  

	"See what the two of you did with life?" Tsunami said quietly, 
"Kagato was so busy trying to cheat his fellow man out of his 
hard-earned money that he never raised a family.  You were the only 
person named in his will, and he left you everything.  And before Kagato 
was in his grave for a day, you were moved in.  The saddest part of it 
all is that you HAVE a family, but you are too busy to even acknowledge 
him."

	"Please, take me home.  I don't wish to see any more," our 
present-day Yosho said.  

	"As you wish," said Tsunami.  There was more mist.  When it 
cleared, they appeared back in Yosho's room.  "My time with you is at an 
end.  Please heed well what I have shown you, my friend."  As Tsunami 
kissed him on the forehead, she transformed into mist and slowly 
dissipated.  When all of the mist cleared, all traces of Tsunami were 
gone, save for the scent of trees and flowers that had surrounded her at 
all times, and Yosho was back in his bed.  

	With Tsunami's departure comes the end to the first part of our 
tale.  When we return, we shall see what the other two spirits have to 
show Yosho.  But already, something was beginning to stir deep within 
Yosho's heart.  Was it the return of the compassion that Yosho had lost?  
Perhaps.  Or perhaps it was merely heartburn brought on by an undigested 
blot of beef, a crumb of mustard, a bit of cheese, some kind of potato... 
oh, forget it.  At any rate, we shall have to wait to see what happens 
next.  

	We hope to see you there, too.  


Authors' notes: So, what did you think?  Please send your feedback to 
seion@geocities.com or literaryeagle@hotmail.com

Oh, and special thanks go to Lesell Charis and K'thardin for prereading!  
Thanks for all your help!  The next round of Amanese rum is on us!  ^_-

[Yayoi Toreishi walks onto the stage]

Yayoi: Oh, you think this is funny, huh?  Well, I'll tell you what's not 
funny!  Seion just looked over the Kiyone deathbed scene that Lita Eagle 
wrote and is at home crying his eyes out like a baby!  ... Heh, I guess 
it is a little funny.  ^u^