Tenchi-Muyo! (No Need For Tenchi!, This End Up) is (c) AIC * Pioneer LDC, Inc.
Aa! Megami-sama! (Oh My Goddess!) is (c) by Kousuke Fujishima, Kodansha, TBS and
KSS Films. 


Aa! Megami-sama Muyo! (Ah! No Need For My Goddess!)
A Tenchi-Muyo! and Aa! Megami-sama! crossover fan fiction
By Luna Hinomura
http://fly.to/Luna's

Chapter 2: The Goddess of Chaos

	I yawned.  Even though it was the middle of the afternoon, I was pretty
tired.  It had been about three months since I'd dialed the wrong number, and I
didn't regret my wish one bit.  Tsunami (or Sasami, whichever form she decided
to take) was a big help around the house, especially since she loved cooking so
much.  It was great when I was out working in the fields or up near the shrine
practicing the sword forms and she'd come running up with a cold drink and/or a
wet cloth to wipe my forehead with.

	Of course, my Dad was still obsessing over our relationship, and that
kinda killed it a little.  School was about to start, too, and I dreaded having
to leave Tsunami home by herself.  My dad worked during the day, and my grandpa
was always sitting in that shrine of his.  What was she going to do?

	"Tenchi?  Go and get the mail," Grandpa said, interrupting my musings.

	"All right, Grandpa," I replied.  <Arrrrrgh!  There's got to be an easier
way to get the mail than walking down and back up those stairs.>  I walked over
to the front door and began putting on my sandals.

	"What are you doing, Tenchi?" Tsunami asked.

	"I have to go get the mail.  It'll take awhile, so don't worry if I'm
not back right away," I said.

	"Why don't you let me handle it?"

	"No, I couldn't make you climb up and down the stairs."

	"Shh, just be silent," she replied.  She held both her hands out in
front of her.  "<Bonds of matter, release thy chains!  Free yourselves from your
material form, and gather in my hands.  Reform!>"  Suddenly, I sensed a strange
aura emitting from her hands.  The air felt like it was getting thicker and
denser, and I could literally feel the energy traveling into her palm.  Her
hands glowed azure, and when the light faded, she was left holding the day's
mail.

	"That's awesome!" I exclaimed.

	She exhaled loudly, and I realized she must have been holding her breath
when she was casting the spell.

	"Whew, that wasn't too bad.  I--"

	"Tsunami?  Could you help me clean the stone path to the shrine?"
Grandpa asked.  "Tenchi's worn-out from the gardening and the sword fighting,
and I don't want to bother him any further."

	"It's ok, Grandpa, I can--"

	"No, Tenchi, you stay and rest," Tsunami said.

	"But you just cast a spell!  Aren't you tired?"

	"I'm fine, Tenchi.  We don't need to clean the stairs, just the paths
leading from the stairs to the house and shrine.  It won't take long," she
replied.

	"Well, all right," I agreed reluctantly.  After they'd left, I began
examining the day's mail.  It was all bills and other crap, but there was one
package addressed to me.

	"That's odd, " I said to myself.  It had no return address, and through
the bubble wrap, I could fell that it was the exact size of a videotape.  "What
kind of tape could this be?" I wondered aloud.  It didn't seem dangerous, so I
opened the package.  Sure enough, it was a videotape.  I read the label.  "_How
To Work Your New Camcorder_.  What the heck?  What's Dad up to now?  Oh, wait,
that's right..."  I remembered what my Dad had said the first time he'd met
Sasami.  How he wanted to record 'every second.'  And just the other day he'd
mentioned something about teaching me how to use his camera so I could record
her, too.  He must have gotten overzealous and decided to buy a new camera for
me instead.

	"Cool, this is great!" I exclaimed, popping in the tape.  A 12-year-old
girl with spikey red hair appeared on the TV screen.

	"Good day!  I am Professer Washu, and I will be instructing you on the
usage of your newly purchased camera," the girl said.

	"Professer Washu?  A 12-year-old girl?  Give me a break!  What's with
her hair?" I said to nobody in particular.

	"Hey, I'll have you know I'm not 12 years old!  I'm 20,000!  And lay off
the hair!" Professer Washu said.  My eyes bugged out so much I suspected they
almost covered half of my face.  "Wha-wha-what did you say?" I said in
disbelief.

	"Ok, I guess I'll just have to come see you in person.  Stay there!"
The girl walked towards the screen, then when it looked like she was about to
touch the glass, she passed right through it and entered our den.  "You're not
very polite, are you?" she asked, stepping over the bottom of the screen with
one foot, and then the other.

	I screamed and ran away.  A lot of good it did me -- I crashed into the
wall behind me.  I really don't know why seeing a girl coming out of a
television would freak me out so much, because Tsunami had practically done the
same thing when she'd came into my life.  Of course, I'd assumed Tsunami would
be the only person who would ever scare me out of my wits like that.  It
probably only seems this foolish now because I'm looking back at a past 
experience.

	"Tenchi!  I heard you yelling!  Are you all right?" Tsunami asked,
bursting through the door suddenly.  All I could do was sit there and babble
incoherently, pointing at Washu.

	"Washu!" Tsunami exclaimed.

	"Hello, sister," Washu replied.  "It's been awhile."

	Sister?

	"Sister Washu, what are you doing here?"

	Sister?

	"Why, Tsunami, that's no way to speak to your sister.  We haven't seen
each other for 3 months!  Don't worry, I'm not here to meddle in your affairs.
I'm only here because of a problem we had in the system."

	Sister? 

	"Oh, my, you had best tell me all about it.  But before I forget, Washu,
this is Tenchi," Tsunami said, gesturing at me.  "He's the one who--"

	"Yes, I know.  He's the guy who wished for you two to be together
forever.  I've been monitoring you two, and so has our other sister, Lady
Tokimi."

	Sister?

	"Tsunami, who is this, and how do you know her?" I asked.

	"Oh, I'm sorry, Tenchi.  This is my sister," Tsunami said, introducing
her.

	"Hello, my name is Washu.  Can I ask you something?" Washu said to me.

	"Sure..." I replied confusedly.

	"Could you call me 'Little Washu'?  I'd like that!"

	"Washu, behave yourself!" Tsunami reprimanded.  "Hm...  I can't talk to
you like this.  Either I will have to revert to Sasami or you will have to look
and act your age."

	"Oh, all right."  Washu was engulfed in red light, then she wasn't a
12-year-old girl anymore.  Instead, she looked somewhere in her 20's.  "I really
*am* 20,000 years old, Tenchi, because I'm a Goddess as well.  I'm the Goddess
of Chaos," she explained.

	"Chaos, huh?  Figures," I muttered.

	"So tell us why you are here," Tsunami said.

	"Like I said, it has to do with our system.  Let me start from the
beginning..."

*	*	*	*	*

	<<Sister Washu...>>

	I gasped upon hearing the psionic message.  "Lady Tokimi..." I whispered, 
opening my mind to receive her call.  I was sitting in a tree which grew on a 
hilltop overlooking the system.  From my position, I could see others beneath me 
going about their business.  Some Goddesses were preparing to leave in order to 
grant a wish, and others were receiving the telephone calls from Earth and other 
planets.

	<<Sister Washu, I have been monitoring the P'jra section of System Jurai.
Why has it crashed again?>>

	<<I do not know, Lady Tokimi.  It only occurred a few moments ago>>, I
replied.

	<<Where did the crash originate from?>>

	I typed rapidly on my laptop, trying to pinpoint the exact location.  <<I 
believe it started from the phone board, and the people assigned to the 
operating board in the P'jra section today are -- oh, no!>>

	<<What is it, Washu?>>

	<<It's...  *her*.>>

	<<Uh-oh...  Not Mihoshi again?>> she asked knowingly.

	<<Yes, I'm afraid it is, Lady Tokimi.  The schedule clearly indicates
that it is currently her shift on the operating boards.>>

	<<Do you know why I am so busy, Washu?>> she asked after a pause.

	<<Because of Mihoshi?>> I guessed.

	<<Yes, exactly.  I am constantly bombarded by bills, complaints, and many 
other useless information concerning Mihoshi.  She is not fit to be a Goddess, 
nevertheless working for the Goddess Technical Helpline!  I cannot be distracted 
from running this business by petty things such as Mihoshi's conduct.  It is 
little wonder why we are having such problems competing with the Earth Angels
Agency.>>

	<<What will you do about it, Lady Tokimi?>>

	<<What other option is there?  This is the last straw.  We can demote her
no more, so I will be forced to speak to D3 about firing Mihoshi.>>

	<<Firing Mihoshi?  What of her friend, Kiyone?>>

	<<Kiyone is hardly the bumbling fool her friend Mihoshi is.  Her record
is very good, and I believe D3 wishes to promote her soon.  Send Mihoshi to me
so that D3 and I may have a talk with her.>>

	<<Yes, Lady Tokimi.>>  I broke off the psionic connection and prepared to
summon Mihoshi to Lady Tokimi.

*	*	*	*	*

	"So, I had to come here to fix all the damage that occurred when the
P'jra section crashed," Washu finished.

	"Why did you really come, Washu?" Tsunami asked her sister.

	"I told you, because Mihoshi crashed the system, and she was fired for
it.  I'm the sysop of System Jurai, you know, so I have to do my best to solve
this problem."

	Jurai?

	"That can't be the only reason."

	"Sorry, but it is," Washu said, frowning.

	"Even if Mihoshi crashed the system, couldn't you fix it from Jurai?"

	"Uh, I hate to interrupt, but what's 'Jurai'?" I asked.

	"It's where we run our business from," Tsunami explained to me.  "The
Goddesses who work for The Goddess Technical Helpline live on a separate plane
of existence.  That plane known to us as 'Jurai.'"

	"Tsunami, you're only confusing him.  Anyway, I couldn't fix it from Jurai 
because we had problems uploading your genetic code back into the system from 
there.  That's another reason I had to come -- so I could scan both of you and 
send it to the system.  Another thing that plagued us was the unorthodox wish 
Tenchi made.  The Pandora section was having a hard time comprehending it."

	"'Pandora section'?" I said, more confused than ever.

	"Actually, that section is known as P'jra, but it was nicknamed 'Pandora' 
by all the Goddesses after Mihoshi was demoted from Goddess Fourth Class limited 
to Goddess Fifth Class limited," Washu said to me.  Then, she turned back to her 
sister.  "Mihoshi was Goddess Twelfth Class limited before she was fired.  I 
don't even know why we hired her in the first place.  I think our sister needs 
to watch over the personnel sections more, but she's probably too busy looking 
after everything else.  After all, she *is* Jurai's Almighty One."

	"Isn't D3 in charge of hiring people?"

	"Yes, but he must have somehow overlooked Mihoshi.  It's a pity she took
Kiyone with her.  Kiyone had just barely made it to Goddess Second Class
limited."

	"She took Kiyone with her?!" Tsunami exclaimed.

	"Oh, that's right, I didn't tell you that part.  After Lady Tokimi and
D3 conversed with Mihoshi about firing her, she informed us that she would never
leave without Kiyone.  D3 was gravely saddened by this, and though Tokimi took
pity on Kiyone, she eventually fired them both.  Needless to say, Kiyone was
very upset.  I think it was rather unfair of our sister to treat Kiyone in that
manner, but she had no other choice."

	"Tokimi once confided to me that the only reason D3 had hired Mihoshi is
because Kiyone wouldn't join our business unless we hired them both.  I suppose
Kiyone must be regretting her decision now."

	"Yes, I'm sure she is."

	"Um, I really don't know what's going on..." I said nervously.

	"Oh!  Tenchi, we've talked for so long it's almost dinner time!  I'll go
fix you something," Tsunami said, heading off towards the kitchen.  Washu stood
up and walked over to the window.

	"Do you need any help?" I called after Tsunami.  <Dang, I gotta learn to
stop saying that...>

	"No, it's all right, Tenchi."

	"Tenchi?" Washu said.

	"What is it?"

	"Why is your house built next to a shabby shrine deep in the mountains?"
she asked.

	Daaaaaah...

	"Just kidding!" she said as I picked myself up.  "I was monitoring your
conversation when you first contacted the Goddess Technical Helpline.  I want to
know about the shrine, though.  What is it called?"

	"It's called the Masaki Shrine.  My ancestor Yosho founded it," I told
her.

	"Yosho, hm?  What's the story behind it?"

	"Well, my grandpa told me that a Demon descended from the sky and wreaked 
havoc on this city 700 years ago, but a samurai by the name of Yosho defeated 
the Demon and confined it to a cave.  The Masaki Shrine was built so people 
wouldn't wander into the cave and accidentally awaken the Demon," I explained.  
"It sure would be cool to go into the cave and see the sleeping Demon, don't you 
think?  Unfortunately, my grandpa carries the keys to the gate on him 24-7, and 
I can't get in."

	"I'd like to see it, too."

	"After dinner it'd be too late.  We'll go see it bright and early
tomorrow morning, ok?"

	"Ok, Tenchi."

	Oy...  What was I going to tell my Dad this time?  It was hard enough
explaining to him that Sasami and Tsunami were the same person.  After she'd
gone to sleep the first night and emerged from her room as Tsunami, he'd assumed
that the two of them were both living under our roof.  Of course, he gradually
realized Sasami and Tsunami were never in the same place at the same time (and
that they looked a lot alike) he'd accepted it, even if he hasn't fully
comprehended it.  Well, at least I wouldn't have to worry about Tsunami being
home alone during the day.  I hoped my Dad wouldn't hit on Washu as well.

End of Chapter 2
