Tenchi-Muyo! (No Need For Tenchi!, This End Up) is (c) AIC * Pioneer LDC, Inc.
Aa! Megami-sama! (Oh My Goddess!) is (c) by Kousuke Fujishima, Kodansha, TBS and 
KSS Films.


Aa! Megami-sama Muyo! (Ah! No Need For My Goddess!)
A Tenchi-Muyo! and Aa! Megami-sama! crossover fan fiction
By Luna Hinomura
http://fly.to/Luna's

"Watashi wa anata no ningyou ja nai.
 Watashi wa anata ja nai mono."
("I am not your puppet.  I do not belong to you.")
	-->Ayanami Rei, _End of Evangelion_
	  (Megumi Hayashibara)

Chapter 9: Demon's Power

	Staring down at them, Grandpa put an arm around both Ayeka and Washu.  
"Yes," he said.  "I am he."

	Ayeka reached up a trembling hand and touched his face.  "Your handsome 
face, your youth..."

	"I know," Grandpa said.  "I am half mortal, and that means I will die 
someday, Ayeka."  Washu was silent.

	"But why?!" Ayeka cried.  "Why did you leave us?"

	"I couldn't bear knowing that I lived amongst immortals, and I would die 
someday because of my mortal blood.  Mother altered her DNA when she married 
my father, and for that reason, I am not completely of immortal descent.  That 
is why I have no power except when I am holding the Tenchi-ken.  The Tenchi-ken 
is what links me to Jurai.  I never meant to deceive you, for I had no idea your 
heart was so strongly set on me."  Ayeka began to sob again, and he hugged her 
to comfort her.

	For some reason, Washu only smiled.  "Boys.  Oh, boys will be boys.  When 
they meet a girl, they forget all about their poor mom.  I guess the mom just 
gets in the way."  Grandpa blushed.

	"You mean *that* was the reason you stayed?" Ayeka said.

	"I'm sorry, Ayeka.  Hey!  I've got an idea!  Why don't we get married 
now?" he suggested.

	"Don't make bad jokes, Yosho," Ayeka said.  "No offense, but you're too 
old now."

	"Oh, all right, all right," Grandpa agreed.  He walked over to me and 
shoved me in Ayeka's direction.  "How 'bout him?  He's a young one!"  This time, 
Ayeka blushed and looked down at her feet.  I looked down at my feet as well.

	"Ryoko.  I must save her," I said, turning away from Ayeka.

	"You certainly *don't* have to save her!  She's the cause of all your 
troubles!" Ayeka protested.

	"Ayeka," Tsunami said, "we have to get Ryoko back no matter what."  She 
walked over to Ayeka.  "In less than an hour, Washu has both lost her daughter 
and regained her son.  Can you imagine what it is like?  One cannot replace the 
other."

	Hanging her head, Ayeka averted her eyes.  "Well, then, let's save Ryoko," 
she reluctantly agreed.  "Azaka!  Kamidake!"  They appeared next to her.  "Take 
care of Yosho while I am gone."

	"Thank you, Ayeka," Tsunami said, then turned to Yosho.  "Will you be 
coming with us, Yosho?"

	Grandpa closed his eyes and shook his head.  "I don't think so, but there 
is one thing I must do before you leave.  Come, Tenchi.  If you wish to save 
Ryoko, you will have to use the Tenchi-ken.  Can you do that?"

	"Yes."

	"Then I will give you the sword.  Go ahead and take it.  It will 
acknowledge and accept you as its new owner."  I nodded, and jogged over to 
where the Tenchi-ken was still embedded in Funaho's trunk.  I grasped the 
handle, and I could feel the power of Jurai flowing through it, and into me.  
Slowly, the Tenchi-ken allowed itself to be removed from its position in the 
tree.

	"Can you really use that sword?  Will you attempt to rescue Ryoko using a 
sword you can't even handle yet?" Grandpa asked.

	"Ryoko.  I *will* save her," I replied.  Grandpa nodded, and accepted my 
laconic answer.

	"How on earth will we find Kagato, Tenchi?" Tsunami asked suddenly.  I 
blinked a few times. Apparently, in all the commotion over Yosho being found, 
I'd forgotten all about that. 

	"Easy," Washu and Kiyone said, then looked at each other.  "You go first," 
Kiyone suggested.  Washu nodded, and bent down to pick up Ryo-ohki.  "Come on, 
baby, it's time," she said.

	"Miaaao!" Ryo-ohki said as Washu threw her high into the air.  She began 
to sprout the same metallic prongs I'd seen when Ayeka had taken me into Funaho.  
The vision we'd had of Ryo-ohki was now before our very eyes.  Ryo-ohki kept 
growing until she was a massive, brown spaceship.  At the center of the ship was 
the same orb I'd seen before, but it was rotating.  The orb pointed straight at 
me.

	Suddenly, I felt nauseous.  "Uh, it kinda looks like a huge eye," I 
quipped feebly.  Then, it felt as if every cell in my body was tingling as Ryo-
ohki transported us on board.  Once there, Washu opened up a view screen of some 
sort, and it focused on Kiyone and Mihoshi, who were still standing next to 
Funaho.

	"Your turn, Kiyone," Washu said, and Kiyone nodded.  She pulled off her 
left earring, and held it to the sky.

	"<By the power bestowed upon me as an Earth Angel, I call upon you!  Come 
to us, Yagami!>" Kiyone yelled upwards.  Another view screen opened up, one that 
displayed the scenery next to Ryo-ohki.  A different space ship materialized 
along side of her.

	"That must be the Yagami," Washu said.  "In any case, it looks like 
something the Earth Angel's Agency would give to an Angel."  A third view screen 
opened, and Kiyone's face appeared.

	"We're ready when you are, Washu," she said.

	"Let's go, then," Washu replied, and set Ryo-ohki off on a course.

*	*	*	*	*

	One half-hour later, our plight had turned up nothing.  Neither Ryo-ohki 
nor Yagami could sense Kagato's ship.  Each second felt like an hour; each 
minute felt like an eternity.  Uneasiness hung heavy in the air, and all was 
silent, save for the occasional rustling of cloth as one or two people shifted 
uncomfortably in the anticipation of battle.

	"How much longer?" Ayeka asked.

	"I don't know," Washu said.  "Ryoko must still be unconscious--I can't 
feel any psionic waves at all from her.  I can't sense her at all.  What about 
you?"  Ayeka and Tsunami both shook their heads, and I only stared at her 
blankly.

	"What do you mean, 'sense'?" I asked.

	"It's nothing," Washu replied.  "Let's just say Kagato's good at hiding 
his presence."

	"<<Kiyone, what about you?>>" Tsunami said.  Suddenly, I felt as if Kiyone 
were speaking directly into my mind.

	<<There's nothing,>> Kiyone said.  <<But Yagami senses something about 
this area.  We'd best stay here.>>

	"<<All right, then, we'll-->>" Tsunami began, but was interrupted.

	<<Help me, Tsunami!  Washu!>>

	"It's Ryoko!" I cried.

	"Ryoko!  <<Where are you?!>>" Washu said.

	<<My, my, it seems you've awoken once again.  Very well, then, I'll reveal 
myself once more.>>  An eddy appeared in the vacuum of space before us, and 
Kagato's ship materialized like waves in a pond when the surface is disturbed.  
<<What an nuisance you are, Ryoko.>>

	"Is Kagato speaking to us?" I wondered aloud.

	"No," Washu said.  "Ryoko's sending what she hears directly to us -- she's 
trying to help us locate her."

	"Smart daughter you have," Tsunami quipped.

	"Now's not the time to be joking around," Washu replied.  "Watch out!  
He's using the Souja to fire Energy Bolts at us!  Ryo-ohki, take evasive 
maneuvers!"

	"Meeeeoooooow!"

	A lone sweatdrop appeared on my brow.

	<<AAAAAAAAH!>> I heard Mihoshi and Kiyone screaming, their terror so great 
that it even crept into the edges of my mind.

	"Oh, no, the Yagami!" Ayeka cried worriedly, before one of the blasts 
shook us off our feet.  Again and again the blasts pounded us.

	"Ryo-ohki!  Fire back!" Washu yelled.  Ryo-ohki obliged.  We watched as 
the blasts flew near Kagato, and I held my breath in hopes of one, just one, 
hitting him, and giving us a chance to save Ryoko.  The shots were all deflected 
by Souja's Life-Force Energy shield.

	"Dammit!" cried Washu.  "<<Give me back my daughter!!>>"

	<<Your daughter?  Ryoko rightfully belongs to me.>>

	"<<You lie!>>"

	<<Do I, really?  Perhaps you're just fooling yourself, Washu.>>

	This time, Ryoko put in her own two cents.  <<Let me go, Kagato!  I am 
*not* your puppet!>>

	<<Oh, really?  You know, I can make you into anything I want.  Shall I 
turn you into a rock?  Would you enjoy that, Ryoko?  Or shall I...>> the 
conversation broke off gradually.  Obviously, Ryoko had lost a lot of Energy, 
and was unable to hold onto the psionic bond she and her mother shared.

	"Tenchi?" Tsunami said, turning to me suddenly.  "I have been speaking 
with Lady Tokimi, and we have an idea."

	"You were talking with your other sister?  How?"

	"Psionically.  Please, do not interrupt.  In any case, have you ever heard 
of the Light-Hawk Wings?"

	"The Light-Hawk Wings?  No..." I said, and Washu gasped.

	"Lady Tokimi wants to use the Light-Hawk Wings?  But the three of us must 
all be together to be able to summon them," she protested.

	"Not necessarily; the Tenchi-ken is linked to Jurai, after all, and so is 
Ayeka's crown."

	"So then...?"

	"Ayeka and Tenchi must link themselves to Jurai and let Lady Tokimi reach 
here through the their connection.  Then, we can open the Light-Hawk Wings.  The 
Wings can be used for defense as well as attack, so I feel this is our best 
chance for success."

	Closing her eyes, Washu considered Tsunami's words.  Finally, she came to 
a decision.  "Ok.  Let's do it."

*	*	*	*	*

	Now, Ayeka and I stood in a separate room inside Ryo-ohki (ugh... that 
sounds *really* odd...), a place where she was able to concentrate without any 
distractions.  She found a pedestal somewhere, and we placed the sword in the 
middle of it.

	"Stand across from me, on the other side," she said, and I willingly 
obeyed.  "Now, pray for Lady Tokimi to come."  Holding her palms towards the 
Tenchi-ken, she closed her eyes and took a deep breath.  I followed suit.

	My body began to feel very strange, like the sensation when you think 
someone is watching you.  I was compelled to open my eyes and glance around, but 
another jolt from Kagato's ship, the Souja, kept me silent.

	The sudden tingling of my hands startled me, and I was forced to resist 
against the need to open my eyes.  Instead, I concentrated harder.  My palms 
began to feel warm, and I knew Lady Tokimi had reached us.

	"You can open your eyes now; the connection has been made," Ayeka said, 
and when I opened my eyes, I noticed her hands were glowing, a similar glow to 
the one her crown emanated.  My hands were glowing as well.

	<<Ahh, you're using the Light-Hawk Wings, I see,>> I heard Kagato say.  
<<Very clever of you, Washu.  But can your power truly best mine?  We shall 
soon know.>>

	"What?" Ayeka gasped suddenly.

	"Is there something wrong?" I managed to ask, trying not to lose 
concentration.

	"I can sense a gathering of Life-Force Energy in the Souja...  Kagato's 
putting his own Energy into it!"

	"Well, what does that mean?"

	"Brace yourself!"

	I barely had any time before another blast from the Souja tore through 
Ryo-ohki, and ripped her into shreds.  Ayeka and I were separated in all the 
pandemonium, and I could feel myself sinking into darkness.  "Tsunami..." I 
whispered, before it came over me like a thick, black, smothering blanket.  That 
was the last thing I remembered.

*	*	*	*	*

	Suddenly, Tsunami broke off her concentration and a scream escaped from 
her lips.  She doubled over in pain, clutching at her temples.  Her trembling 
hands tore at her exquisite hair, and she felt as if her whole essence was being 
pulled apart.

	"Tsunami!  What's wrong?" Washu cried, losing her own control over her own 
third of the Light-Hawk Wings.  Her sister was unable to answer, and only 
writhed in pain on the floor of Ryo-ohki.

	<<There's another blast coming!>> Kiyone warned.

	"No!  Ryo-ohki!!" Washu cried.  An instant before the blast reached them, 
Washu felt herself being transferred aboard Yagami.  Once again, the blast tore 
through Ryo-ohki, but this one completely disintegrated her.

	"Is everyone all right?" Kiyone asked.

	"Wh-where's Lord Tenchi?" Ayeka stuttered in disbelief.  "H-he was o-only 
standing less than three f-feet away from me..."

	"He's not here.  Neither is Tsunami," Washu observed.  "Ryo-ohki, too..."

	Covering her mouth, Ayeka stifled the shriek of anguish that threatened to 
escape her throat.  "T-Tenchi?  N-no...  It can't be...  *He* can't be...  And 
Tsunami...?  Oh, no..."  The scream that she refused to let come finally escaped 
her, and she released it through her entire being.

	"<<NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!>>"

*	*	*	*	*

	The psionic cry reached both the Souja and Kagato; even Ryoko as well.  
While Kagato merely chuckled evilly, Ryoko heard Ayeka's cry, and knew that only 
one thing could have made her scream in that way.  She understood.  When Ayeka's 
cry reached her ears, she gave her own bellow in return.  With a blast of her 
remaining Life-Force Energy, she escaped Kagato, wishing to investigate the 
rubble the battle had left behind.

	Nothing remained.  No Ryo-ohki.  No Tenchi.

	Tears streamed down her face as she looked at the dust floating around the 
vacuum of space.  The blast had taken out both of them; both her beloveds.  She 
and her sister, Ryo-ohki, had been together ever since they'd both been born.  
Even though they weren't literal sisters, it seemed so at times.  They'd even 
escaped Kagato together when he had possessed her before.  Now, she could no 
longer sense Ryo-ohki's presence.  And that could only mean one thing.

	On top of that, there was the loss of Tenchi, as well.  The only boy she'd 
ever given her heart to, a boy whom she'd watched grow from a tiny baby to the 
big-hearted teen he was now, or used to be.  It was too much for her.  The pain 
in her heart turned to hatred, hatred for Kagato, and the desire for 
retribution.  The vendetta she held with Kagato escalated in her heart, and she 
promised herself to fight to the death against him, until her loss was paid in 
full: blood for blood.  Cold tears sprung from her eyes, and she allowed them to 
flow, unheeded, down her cheeks.

	"I swear you will pay, Kagato..." she vowed, before teleporting aboard 
Yagami.

End of Chapter 9
