Tenchi-Muyo! (No Need For Tenchi!, This End Up) is (c) AIC * Pioneer LDC, Inc.
Aa! Megami-sama! (Oh My Goddess!) is (c) by Kousuke Fujishima, Kodansha, TBS and 
KSS Films.


Aa! Megami-sama Muyo! (Ah! No Need For My Goddess!)
A Tenchi-Muyo! and Aa! Megami-sama! crossover fan fiction
By Luna Hinomura
http://fly.to/Luna's

Chapter 6: Earth Angels

	After I finally finished harvesting all the vegetables Sasami had asked me 
to pick, I gathered them up and headed down the same path back to the house that 
the woman had taken.  I didn't see anything else that seemed out of the 
ordinary, so I just told myself it was nothing.  As I opened the door to my 
house, Sasami didn't greet me as she usually did.  Instead, she only looked 
worried.  Little Washu was there, too, rather than sitting and working in her 
subspace laboratory.  Ryoko and Ayeka were nowhere to be found.

	"Tenchi, it's a good thing you're back," she said.  "I was checking my 
equipment that monitors your house and its environs when I discovered a subspace 
portal, which means someone might have come here from another dimension."

	"Someone else?  Do you know who?"

	"No, I haven't the faintest idea," Washu replied.  "Plus, we don't know 
where Ayeka and Ryoko are."

	"Probably fighting again," Sasami said.

	I heard the sounds of another melee, but I just figured it was Ryoko and 
Ayeka, just like Sasami had said.  The door slammed open with a crash behind me, 
but before I could turn around, it landed on my back with someone standing on 
it.

	"You're coming with me, Demon!" a strange voice said.

	"Catch me if you can," I heard Ryoko say from above me, so I guessed that 
it was she who was standing on the door which was lying on top of me.

	"Mihoshi!!" Sasami and Washu exclaimed.

	<Who's Mihoshi?!> I remember thinking, a strange sense of déjà vu going 
through my mind.

	"Oh, wow!  It's you guys!  Long time no see!  How's the business going?!" 
I heard Mihoshi exclaim.  The sounds of a mass facefault reached me next.  "Did 
you hear the news?  Since my Grandfather's the Grand Martial of the Earth Angels 
Agency, I got a job there instead!"

	Ryoko laughed, shaking the door that was still lying on top of me.  "Tell 
me, do the Earth Angels have business elsewhere other than Earth?"

	"Oh, yes," Mihoshi's replied, her bubbly voice beginning to get on my 
nerves.  "We're universal, just like the Goddess Technical Helpline!"

	Laughing again, Ryoko was starting to give me a backache.  "Then why are 
you called the *Earth* Angels Agency?"

	"Well, I uh..." Mihoshi said.  "I don't know!!"  I heard Mihoshi begin to 
weep, and the foyer started to fill with salty tear water.

	"Mihoshi, you *idiot*!" another voice interjected -- the voice of that 
woman I'd met up in the fields.  "Get Ryoko!"

	"But I--" Mihoshi objected.

	"Excuse me," I interrupted.  "Could you get off of me?!"  Ryoko hopped off 
in a flash.

	"Ooh, Tenchi," she cooed, hugging my neck.  "They're after me!  You'll 
save me, won't you?"  It was a lot more comfortable than having her stand on my 
back, except for the fact that I could barely breathe.  Well, at least it gave 
me a chance to see what Mihoshi looked like.  She had bouncy blond hair, and the 
coloring of her eyes reminded me of Tsunami's.  Like Tsunami, she didn't have 
black irises, but unlike Tsunami, her eyes were light blue while her irises were 
a darker blue.  She was wearing the same kind of trenchcoat as Kiyone, but it 
was sopping wet.  Also, she had dark skin, but light enough to seem like a 
constant tan rather than pigments in her skin tone.

	"S-Sasami!  Washu!" the woman exclaimed.  "Not *you*!"

	"Oh, Kiyone, lighten up!  We got another job, didn't we?" Mihoshi said.  
"And we're Angels Third Class Limited, to boot!"

	"Shut up, Mihoshi, this whole thing is *your* fault!"

	"Angels?  From the Earth Angels Agency?" Ayeka said from the doorway as I 
pulled myself out from underneath the door.  Looking at her, I saw her frown 
when she noticed Ryoko hanging onto my neck.  "Well, then, your business is with 
Ryoko.  You *are* going to arrest her, aren't you?"

	"Of course.  Demons like her are our top priority criminals," Kiyone 
replied.  "Come on, Mihoshi!"

	"Then I will assist you," Ayeka said.  "Azaka!  Kamidake!"

	"Yes, ma'am!" I heard two new voices say simultaneously.  Two strange logs 
appeared next to and a little behind Ayeka.  One had blue scribbled on it, and 
the other had red markings.  Near the top of the log, a large orb resembling 
Ryoko's gem was embedded in what I suppose could be called its "forehead."

	"No, Ayeka, don't use your guardians!" Washu said.  "They weren't built 
just so you could take revenge on Ryoko!"

	"Azaka!  Kamidake!  Stand down," Ayeka ordered, holding her arm out as a 
gesture to the two logs.

	"Yes, ma'am!"

	"Miss Ayeka, stay out of this.  It is the jurisdiction of the Earth 
Angels!" Kiyone ordered.  "Come *on*, Mihoshi!"

	"I can't!" wailed Mihoshi.

	"Why the heck not?!"

	"M-my trenchcoat's all wet!!"

	Kiyone facefaulted.  "That's because you fell in that stupid lake!  If you 
would only learn to teleport *correctly*, we wouldn't have this problem!" she 
shouted as soon as she got up, grabbing Mihoshi by her soggy collar.  "Take off 
the stupid trenchcoat!  Our disguises don't work, anyway, since they know who we 
are."

	"Ok!" Mihoshi agreed, pulling off her trenchcoat to uncover her battle 
uniform underneath, and...wings?!  Kiyone did likewise, and revealed that she, 
too, had wings attached to her shoulder blades.

	"I see that the Earth Angels Agency has given you some new 'toys'," Washu 
commented.  "Wings, battle armor, and weapons, I presume?"

	Kiyone's hand made a quick movement, and suddenly she was pointing a 
pistol marked EAA on it at Ryoko.  "That's right," she said to Washu, but then 
her voice hardened.  "Demon Ryoko!  You are renowned for your antics, and you 
and your sister Ryo-ohki have destroyed countless innocent civilizations merely 
for your enjoyment!  Well, it ends *here* and *now*!  I, Kiyone Makibi of the 
Earth Angels Agency, hereby arrest you!"

	"I, Mihoshi Kuramitsu, uh...  Hereby help Kiyone arrest you!  Don't make 
me use my gun, 'cause it'll really hurt, ok?"

	Angry, Kiyone turned on her partner.  "Mihoshi, you stole my line!  And 
don't give them any warnings!  We're supposed to read the Miranda rights to her 
*afterwards*!"

	"Well, there wasn't anything else for me to say," Mihoshi explained.

	"This is hopeless!" Ayeka said.  "If *you* weren't such bumbling fools, 
Ryoko would have already been captured by now!"

	"Ha!  They'll never capture me.  How's this?" Ryoko (who had since 
released my neck) said, extending both her palms out like she was holding onto a 
ball.  Her hands began to glow, and I recognized her motions -- they were 
similar to the exact bolts of energy she'd thrown at me when she destroyed my 
school.

	"Look out!" I warned, ducking and covering my head.

	A blast flew from Ryoko's hands and hit the five who'd been standing in 
the doorway, knocking the other half of the doorway loose.  Ayeka and the others 
were unscathed because of their Life-force Energy shields.  Instead of hitting 
them, the burst of energy had only struck their shields and thrown them back.  
Ryoko flew through the hole she'd created, attempting an aerial strike.

	"You can't escape us, Ryoko!" Kiyone vowed, opening her wings to catch the 
breeze.  She soared through the sky after Ryoko.

	"K-Kiyone!  Wait for me!" Mihoshi called, following suit.

	"Azaka!  Kamidake!"

	"Yes, ma'am!"

	I just stood there and scratched my head confusedly.  Ryoko laughed, the 
same crazy way she always laughed when she was having fun.  I saw Kiyone's hand 
snap out suddenly, and Ryoko was caught, tied up with a glowing pink string.

	"Earth Angel yo-yo," Kiyone explained.  "Standard equipment."

	Pulling back, Ryoko tried to free herself.  "You've got to do better than 
that," she said, using her sword to slash the glowing cable.  Kiyone fell back a 
little from the sudden loss of tension, and had a hard time regaining her 
balance.

	"Waaaah!  Kiyone, I don't know how to use my wings!!" Mihoshi cried 
suddenly, falling facedown into the ground.

	I ran over to Mihoshi, wanting to check if she was all right.  "Miss--" I 
said, before she took up flight again.

	"AaaaAAAAAAAAAH!" Ryoko screamed suddenly.

	"Hahahahahahahahahahahahah!" Ayeka laughed maniacally.  "You cannot escape 
the binding shield my guardians have placed you in!  Now, arrest her, Kiyone, 
Mihoshi!"

	Looking up, I noticed that Azaka and Kamidake had taken up positions on 
Ryoko's left and right, and that Ryoko was enclosed in a glowing pink sphere 
between the two.

	"Your cooperation will be duly noted in our report, Miss Ayeka," Kiyone 
called down to Ayeka, then flew up to Ryoko.  "'An Earth Angels Agency prisoner 
may remain silent in the event that anything spoken could possibly incriminate 
the prisoner further--'"

	Pushing her hands into the sphere like she'd done when Tsunami had 
confronted her, Ryoko caused Life-force Energy around the shield to crackle like 
lightning, and Kiyone raised an arm to shield her eyes.

	"I'll help, Kiyone!" Mihoshi yelled, shooting her pistol at Ryoko.  
Unfortunately, the blast from her EAA pistol combined with Ryoko's Life-force 
Energy freed Ryoko, and she kicked at Mihoshi, catching her in the shoulder with 
a roundhouse.  The kick flung Mihoshi directly into Kiyone, and they both 
descended into the lake, screaming the entire way.  Well, Mihoshi was only 
screaming, but Kiyone was yelling, kicking, and hitting Mihoshi.

	"You're next, Princess," Ryoko said, flipping Ayeka off.

	"Oooooooh!" Ayeka growled, clenching her hands into fists.  "I'll get you, 
Ryoko!  I will *have* my revenge!"

	"Revenge.  Such a petty concept," Washu quipped.

	"Yup," Sasami agreed.

*	*	*	*	*

	"This sucks," Kiyone said a matter-of-factly.

	"Oh, come on, Kiyone!  It could be worse," Mihoshi replied, smiling.  "At 
least we weren't hurt too badly.  She twisted her trench coat, wringing it, and 
then hung it up on the clothesline behind the house.  We were all sitting there 
drying ourselves.  The splash Kiyone and Mihoshi had made in the lake had 
drenched all of us.

	"Well, first of all, being unable to capture Ryoko was your fault, but 
being temporarily exiled for our antics is too much!" Kiyone said.  "That's your 
fault, too!  If you hadn't interfered, then I could have captured her!"  She 
broke off, letting out a cry of anguish.

	Hearing Kiyone screaming "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh!" to the sky wasn't the best 
way to spend my day, but we were all soaking wet and slightly muddy so my Dad 
wouldn't let us back in the house until we dried off.

	Ayeka shook droplets of water out of her purple hair.  "This is also 
Ryoko's fault," she said, annoyed.  "If she had only agreed to be arrested 
quietly, none of this would have happened.  We would all be better off."

	"What did you say?!" Ryoko objected.

	"You heard me!" Ayeka retorted.

	"Would you guys stop it, already?" Washu said.  "Here, if it'll make you 
feel better, I'll dry us off quickly."  She made a motion with her hand over us, 
and the water began to seep away into the atmosphere.  The mud fell off my 
pants, too.

	"Wow!  Thanks, Miss Washu!" Mihoshi said.

	"Mihoshi, we have no place to stay while we're here, and if we go 
anywhere, we have to wear trenchcoats to conceal our wings," Kiyone said.  "This 
planet isn't as advanced as others."

	"Whatever you say, Kiyone," she replied absentmindedly.

	"You could always stay here," Dad said from the doorway.

	"Oh, thank you, honorable father!" Mihoshi exclaimed.

	"Are you sure that's ok, Dad?" I asked.  "I mean, there's a lot of people 
here already."

	"We've got room, Tench," Sasami said.

	"No!  Absolutely not!  I will not allow it!" Ayeka interjected.

	"You don't have any say in it, Princess, so just shut up," Ryoko replied.

	Pouting, Ayeka exhaled sharply and turned her face away from Ryoko.  She 
crossed her arms and sulked.

	"Princess Ayeka, please don't be angry with Ryoko," Azaka said.

	"Yes, it was our fault we could not contain her," Kamidake agreed.

	As if it wasn't weird enough that Yosho used to call Ayeka 'Princess,' but 
she also forced her guardians to call her that.  She must *really* have loved 
Yosho.

	"Well, I also came to tell you that your great-aunt invited us to stay at 
her Kamidake Inn until they finished repairs to your school, so why don't we go 
there for awhile?" Dad said.  "She has a really nice bathhouse, beautiful 
scenery, and I think it'll be fun with this many girls around!"  He broke off 
laughing, and I did *not* want to know what he was thinking about.

	"Hurray!" cheered Sasami.  "Come on, Tenchi, let's all go stay in the 
Kamidake Inn!"

	"That sounds great, Dad," I said.

End of Chapter 6
