Tenchi-Muyo! (No Need For Tenchi!, This End Up) is (c) AIC * Pioneer LDC, Inc.
Aa! Megami-sama! (Oh My Goddess!) is (c) by Kousuke Fujishima, Kodansha, TBS and 
KSS Films.


Aa! Megami-sama Muyo! (Ah! No Need For My Goddess!)
A Tenchi-Muyo! and Aa! Megami-sama! crossover fan fiction
By Luna Hinomura
http://fly.to/Luna's

Chapter 10: Demon's and Goddess's Revenge

	Ayeka buried her face in her hands and cried.  Sobs racked her body as she 
mourned.  <It cannot be true,> she told herself.  <They *must* be alive...  Oh, 
Lord Tenchi...  Lady Tsunami...>  She felt strange in experiencing more pain 
with Tenchi's death than she had when Yosho had left Jurai.  Well, back then, 
she'd still had hope.  Now, though, even the lies she tried to tell her heart 
couldn't convince her that Tenchi was still alive and well.  With her vision 
obscured by her tears and hands, she didn't see when Ryoko teleported onboard 
Yagami.

	Instead, she heard a plethora of voices exclaim "Ryoko?!" simultaneously.

	"Ryoko?!" she echoed, the pain and agony suddenly extinguished by her 
quick temper.  "How dare you!  If you had only left Souja at a more convenient 
time, Tenchi and Tsunami would...  Would still be..."  She broke off and 
repressed a sob, unable to continue.  <Would still be alive...> she finished to 
herself.

	"I know," Ryoko said a-matter-of-factly.

	"Then why on earth didn't you--" Ayeka began.

	"Now, Kiyone!  Attack with Yagami!" Ryoko yelled, cutting her off.

	"What *are* you doing?!" Ayeka exclaimed.  "Both Tenchi and Tsunami are 
*dead* because of you!  Don't you have any...any remorse at all?!  How can you 
come in here so calmly and simply order Kiyone around?"

	"You might want to hold onto something," Ryoko quipped, a strange edge in 
her voice.  She sounded slightly detached, as if she had nothing left to live 
for.

	"Huh?  Aaaah!"  Yagami was suddenly shaken by blasts from Souja as Kagato 
fired back with his own Life-force bolts.  Ayeka fell to the ground, hard, her 
side taking the impact.  She pursed her lips stubbornly and pushed herself back 
up, ignoring the pain in her elbow.  It didn't and couldn't compare to the pain 
within her heart.  "Ryoko, what in the name of Lady Tokimi are you doing?!" she 
demanded again.

	"Don't use Lady Tokimi's name like that, and hold on a second, Ayeka," 
Washu said, typing rapidly on her translucent laptop.  "I'm trying to locate 
Kagato by sensing his Life-Force Energy.  It won't take long."

	"Continue your attack, Kiyone," Ryoko said.  Then, Ryoko sighed and turned 
to Ayeka.  "Revenge," she said tersely.  Then, as an afterthought, she added, 
"Care to join me?"

	For the first time in her life, Ayeka felt intrigued by Ryoko's words.  
She smiled.  "Very well."

	No sooner had she spoken that Ryoko teleported back to the Souja, this 
time with both Ayeka and Mihoshi.  "Let's go," she said to the two, and Mihoshi 
nodded in reply.  Ayeka blinked, and considered her options, but nodded as well.  
Whatever Washu had planned could wait.

*	*	*	*	*

	"There!  I found him!" Washu exclaimed, smiling.  "Aren't you happy, 
Ayeka?  Ayeka...?  Huh?"  She looked around, noticing that everyone else had 
vacated the area.  A twinge of annoyance entered her mind.  "Jeez...  I really 
wish you'd learn to think before you act," she said.  "Kiyone, do you need some 
help?"

	"Damn that Mihoshi...!  She left with Ryoko and Ayeka!" Kiyone said.

	Blinking, Washu stared at Kiyone.  "Well, that doesn't really answer my 
question, but...  Don't worry; I'll stick around for a while.  Besides, it'll 
take me some time to find out how to get to Kagato through all his wards.  Ryoko 
did it one way already, so it was easy for her."

	"Thank you," Kiyone replied coldly before another blast from Souja struck 
them.

*	*	*	*	*

	"Well, now, what should we do, Ryoko?" Ayeka asked.  "After all, you are 
the only one who has been here before."

	"Shut up," Ryoko replied absentmindedly, with no real feeling behind her 
words.  She pulled off one of her earrings and let it embed itself as a gem on 
her left wrist.  All three of them were clothed in their battle uniforms.  For 
once, Ayeka had dismissed elegance in favor of effectiveness.  Her uniform 
consisted of loose-fitting garments held in place by bands, with pants instead 
of her usual dress.  She even had triangular battle stripes across her cheeks.  
Mihoshi's uniform was the same as before she and Kiyone had attempted to arrest 
Ryoko, and Ryoko knew her own was a black and red bodysuit with red markings, 
complete with her own black markings across the contours of the right side of 
her face.  "Since there are three hallways, why don't we just each take one?  
They all lead to Kagato."  She punched her right fist into her left palm.  "I'll 
get him," she declared.  "Don't worry."

	"Wow!  I never knew that Yagami had all these secret rooms!  Isn't this 
great, Kiyone?  Uhh, Kiyone...?"  Mihoshi looked around.  "Oh, Ryoko, where is 
Kiyone?"

	Ryoko rolled her eyes and scowled.  "We're *not* in Yagami anymore.  This 
is Souja.  And we're going to go after Kagato without Washu."  It was hard to 
hold back the critical tone in her voice, so she let it slide.  Knowing Mihoshi, 
she probably would never have noticed.

	"What?"  Mihoshi's bright and cheery expression became one of utter 
despair.  "But I don't know what to do without Kiyone!" she protested.

	Without answering Mihoshi, Ryoko simply turned around and looked at the 
three hallways.  She closed her eyes, and thought of Tenchi again.  His warm 
smile...  His kindness...  She'd known him ever since he was born, and had 
dreamed of the day when they would meet and he would make her dreams come true 
forever.  It didn't seem likely now.  Without a word, she flew off through the 
left hallway, letting Ayeka and Mihoshi decide their own path.

	Lesser demons began swarming around her and attacking her as she flew 
through the air, but a quick blast of Life-force Energy dissipated each of them.  
Onwards she flew, knowing either certain demise or glorious retribution awaited 
her at the end of the antechamber.  She really didn't care either way as long as 
both Tenchi and Ryo-ohki were no longer alive.

	The hallway ended abruptly at a dark wall made of a strange material.  It 
wasn't solid, and yet, it was opaque.  The grayish wall was constantly swirling 
around in seemingly random patterns.  For some reason, it annoyed her.  She 
reached up and gingerly touched her hand to it, and it went through as if the 
wall was made of nothing.  She took in a deep breath and made up her mind.

	Carefully, she stepped through the wall.

	Eerie music reached her ears as soon as she'd gone through.  The room she 
entered was enormous and the ceiling was too high up for her to see it clearly.  
Extremely long curtains hung from the ceiling and were pulled aside by an 
apparently invisible force.  Kagato was at the other end of the room, playing a 
dreary dirge on a gold and white organ, which was also extravagant in its size.  
Ryoko took a step forward, but stopped when she heard someone behind her.

	"Well," Ayeka quipped.  "It looks as if he's been expecting us."

	Nodding, Ryoko continued walking up to Kagato, Ayeka walking beside her.  
Together, they approached him.  As they drew near, he ended the dirge and stood 
up to greet them.

*	*	*	*	*

	As Mihoshi entered the same room, she blinked and looked around, wondering 
where Ryoko and Ayeka had gone.  "Ummm, hello?" she asked tentatively.  "Ryoko?  
Ayeka?"  No one replied, and there was no one there as far as she could tell.  
She ran back and looked through the strange wall, but saw no one.  "Oh, no!" she 
wailed.  "I'm lost!!  Kiyone?  Kiyone...!"  She turned in the opposite direction 
and peered into the distance.  "Ryoko?  Wait!"  Waving and yelling, she chased 
after them.

	Or, at least, she was running in the direction she'd *thought* they'd 
gone.  It was just *so* hard to tell now that Ryoko and Ayeka were so much 
farther ahead than she was.  Gritting her teeth, she ran as fast as she could 
towards them.

*	*	*	*	*

	"Welcome to my throne room," Kagato said, bowing elegantly.  "I do hope 
you enjoyed the dirge, Ayeka.  Ryoko."

	The pain within Ayeka welled up suddenly, and she launched herself at 
Kagato with a fury she'd never shown before.  Instead of igniting her sword, she 
used her fist, powered with Life-force Energy.

	It didn't affect him at all.  The instant before Ayeka struck him, his 
Energy shield appeared, preventing her from being able to touch Kagato.

	"That's quite rude of you, Ayeka.  How dare you attack me before we've 
even said one word to each other?  I suppose I shall be forced to teach you a 
lesson."  At the word "lesson," the energy from his shield focused upon Ayeka's 
fist, and forcefully threw her backwards.  Ryoko blasted him in the face next.

	"Aah!" he yelped, caught off guard, though Ryoko's blast had the exact 
same effect as Ayeka's punch.  "Where *are* your manners?" he said, attacking 
them again with his Life-force Energy, all the while never moving an inch.  
Soon, both Ayeka and Ryoko were too weak to move.  He strode over to Ayeka, each 
of his footsteps resounding through her head like hammers.  "Now you die," he 
said, pointing his palm right at her face.

	"No..." she whimpered, trying to get away. 

	"You're in no position to order me around," he said, sneering.  Energy 
began gathering in his open palm.

	Ayeka took one last deep breath.  "I'm sorry, Tenchi..." she whispered.  
She closed her eyes and prepared for the death that was certain to come.  She 
heard the blast and sensed the Life-force Energy, but felt no pain, and her 
consciousness still remained.  <What...?  Oh!>

	Washu was there in her adult form, her glowing palm pointed at Kagato, 
whose clothes were slightly singed, and lightly covered in soot.  They looked at 
each other, each one attempting to stare the other down.  Kagato was the first 
to speak.

	"So we meet again," he said, smirking.  "Hello, Washu.  Or, shall I say, 
*Funaho*."

End of Chapter 10
