	Wai!  Kakko ii!  They're actually going to post a copy of this fan-fic in 
The Tenchi-Muyo! Fan Fiction Archive!  I want to thank GenSao for posting it 
(and telling me about his great page), my friend Emily for telling me about 
Aa! Megami-sama!, and my friend Ryan for introducing me to Tenchi-Muyo!, which 
is my second favorite anime. 

Tenchi-Muyo! (No Need For Tenchi!, This End Up) is (c) AIC * Pioneer LDC, Inc.
Aa! Megami-sama! (Oh My Goddess!) is (c) by Kousuke Fujishima, Kodansha, TBS and 
KSS Films. 


Aa! Megami-sama Muyo! (Ah! No Need For My Goddess!)
A Tenchi-Muyo! and Aa! Megami-sama! crossover fan fiction
By Luna Hinomura
http://fly.to/Luna's

Chapter 1: The Goddess of Kindness

	Jeez.  Why do I always get stuck doing this?  I hate answering other 
people's messages.

	"Yeah, ok, I'll tell Grandpa," I said to the person on the phone.  The guy 
on the other end thanked me, and hung up.

	It's not as if he (that is to say, my grandpa) didn't have a phone of his 
own in that shrine of his.  The Masaki Shrine.  Grandpa didn't found the shrine 
or anything, that was done by my ancestor Yosho.  He just liked to play jokes on 
my Dad and me.  That's why he told everyone our phone number instead of his.  
And now, look...  My Dad, who's an architect, is sitting in his office designing 
houses on a *weekend*, and I'm stuck at home doing nothing.  Nothing but 
answering the phone and getting no calls for myself.

	Not like I'd want to, anyway.  My Dad's always harping about me getting a 
girlfriend, although I think he wants one for himself.  He's what I'd call the 
complete opposite of a 'lady killer.'  Yeesh.  I'd rather he remember what Mom 
was like, and forget about new love interests.  She died when I was very little.  
Of course, I'm not *totally* against the idea of getting a girlfriend...  It's 
just my Dad's sick ideas of peeping and stuff that bother me.

	Leaning against the wall, I picked up the phone again to call my grandpa.  
He wouldn't like it if I didn't give him his messages.  I dialed his number from 
memory.

	"Hello!  You have reached the Goddess Technical Helpline," a female voice 
answered.

	What?  Did I dial one of the numbers incorrectly or something?

	"One of our associates will be with you shortly to grant your access 
request."

	"My request?  What the--"

	"Good evening," a woman said, coming out of the mirror attached to the 
wall behind me.  "What is your desire?"

	 I screamed and backed away.  What the heck was going on?  How could a 
woman come out of a mirror?  For all my efforts at escaping, I crashed into a 
bunch of stuff in our den and hindered my quick exit.  Getting rained on by 
heavy objects doesn't feel that great.  It was all my Dad's crap, mostly.  Piles 
of books, magazines, boxes, papers...  He's not exactly a neat-freak.

	"Hello?  Oh, dear," the woman said.  She had pink eyes and really pretty 
blue hair that looked like it was very soft, and lots of short bangs that parted 
from the middle and curled directly above her eyes.  Her hair was really long, 
too, and tied in two ponytails.  Her hair was the color of the sky, but perhaps 
a bit greener.   I thought her pink eyes looked kinda strange, but what made 
them look even weirder was the fact that she had pink irises and dark pink 
pupils.  "Are you all right?"

	She looked worried, so I tried answering her.  Unfortunately, all I could 
say was "W-wh-whaaaa......"

	"Forgive me for not introducing myself.  I am the Goddess of Kindness."

	"G-g-g-g-Goddess?" I managed to stutter.  I pushed myself up and sat down 
at the coffee table.

	"Yes, my name is Tsunami.  Here's my card," she said, pushing a business 
card across to me.  "We specialize in helping people with problems, like you.  I 
am here because we received a system access request from you by telephone."

	"H-help me?  *Uh*, like how?"  A Goddess with a business card?  Yeah, 
right!

	"By granting you a wish.  However, I must warn you that you will only 
receive one wish."

	"A wish?  For anything at all?!"

	"Yes, of course.  If you want to be a billionaire, we'll take care of it.  
In fact, if you wanted to destroy the world, we could do that too.  However, we 
prefer to avoid doing business with that sort of customer.  But I'm
digressing -- go ahead, ask for something you like."

	Wow.  Was I dreaming?  I'll bet anything that this was a joke set up by my 
dad and grandpa.  Yeah, that had to be it -- they were so upset since I couldn't 
get a girlfriend that they sent this beautiful woman into my room.  And as for 
the mirror, they must have drilled a hole in our wall and then replaced it when 
I wasn't looking.

	"Why do you believe this is a joke?  I'm quite serious, it isn't."

	"Whoa!  How'd you know what I was...?"

	"As a Goddess, I have the ability to hear your thoughts.  I'm sorry if I 
have invaded your privacy, but you were silent for so long I was beginning to be 
worried.  I won't do that very often, I assure you, for I am also incapable of 
lying.  And why does your father wish for you to have a girlfriend so badly?"

	"Can't you tell by just looking at me?  At this house?"

	"No..."

	"Let's stand up for a second.  And come over to the window."  She followed 
me, and I gestured at the surrounding scenery.  "If you were a girl -- uh, 
scratch that part.  Well, if you were a *mortal* girl, would you come to a house 
built next to a shabby shrine deep in the mountains?  There's plenty of girls, 
all right...  82-years-old, that is.  Nothing but wrinkly, dried-up old mummies.  
He's worried I'll never find anybody."

	"..."

	"I think you've got it."

	"I'm sorry...  I still don't understand.  Why would that deprive you of 
luck with women?"

	<Oh, man!  She's not kidding!  She really doesn't get it?>

	"Well, then...  I may as well make my wish," I said instead.

	"Have you decided on one?" she said, her face lighting up with joy.

	"I want a Goddess like you...to be with me, always!"  She gasped, and took 
a step back.

	<Heh...  Just as I thought.  It's all a joke.>  "Crazy wish, huh?" I said 
aloud.  "I knew this was all some big hoax."  I turned around.  "Even if you 
really *were* a Goddess, I bet you couldn't grant that wish."

	She was silent again.  Oops, I must have offended her.  But then I heard 
some rumbling, and the house started shaking.

	"Huh?" I said, looking back at her.  She was illuminated in blue light, 
and was...floating?!  How the heck did she manage that?!  The two round circles 
on her forehead were glowing, too, and growing brighter, and brighter, until a 
flash of lightning tore through our house.

	"W-wait!  I was just kidding!" I yelled, but the noise completely drowned 
me out.  The flash of lightning hit her forehead right where the two circles 
were, then disappeared almost as quickly as everything had begun.  After 
everything was over, she began to fall.

	"Hang on!" I called, then dove in to catch her.  Ouch.  Her eyes were 
closed, so I guess she must have fainted when all the stuff had happened.

	"Uhhhh..." she groaned, waking up.  "May I use your phone?"

	"Huh?  Sure, go ahead..."  <I wonder who she's calling?  Hope it's 
collect...>

	She dialed rapidly.  "Hello, this is Tsunami...  Yes, I know that.  No, 
it's about that last transfer.  It's final?  All right.  Bye."  She hung up.

	"Er...  Is something wrong?" I asked.

	"No, actually, I'm happy to report that the wish you made has been 
accepted into the system."

	"Already accepted, huh?  That's...  WHAT DO YOU MEAN 'IT'S BEEN 
ACCEPTED'?!  THAT'S CRAZY!!  Isn't there some way you can cancel it?"

	"I'm afraid not.  Once a wish has been filed and archived, it acquires 
tremendous force.  Nobody can resist it.  Though my power is strong, it is 
nothing when compared to your wish.  Don't worry, my job for the Goddess 
Technical Helpline is over, now.  I'll be here with you from now on."

	"Uh, yeah, well, that's great..." I mumbled.  "But you see, there's a 
problem.  I don't want my Dad and Grandpa to think that I've been luring women 
into the house and seducing them...  Plus, my Dad might want you for himself."

	"Oh, there won't be a problem.  Don't you see?"

	"There won't?  Why?" I asked.

	"I'm not a *woman*, I'm a Goddess!" she replied.

	"THAT'S NOT THE POINT!" I yelled.

	"Oh, dear...  Do you mean he might want to take me away?  I'm sorry, but
I'm afraid we can't be separated.  That's the power of your wish.  It might
cause trouble if we aren't together..."

	I grabbed her by the shoulders.  "What kind of trouble?!"

	I heard the front door open.  "Tenchi, I'm home!  Is your grandpa still
up in the shrine?  Boy, I had a hard day.  Tenchi?"

	"That's my Dad!  C'mon, let's go."  I pulled Tsunami up into my room by 
the wrist.

	"But--" she said.

	"Shh!  Be quiet!" I said, shutting the door.  "Just...hide, or something.  
He hits on all the older women I know..."  I left the door open to a
slit so I could keep a lookout for him.

	"Older women?  I can fix that."  I felt a breeze of wind in the room,
and I *knew* my windows were closed.

	"What?  Where did that wind come--" I said, turning back to look at her.

	"How do you do?  My name is Sasami," a little 10-year-old girl (who was 
standing where Tsunami had been) said.  She had the same hair color and bangs as 
Tsunami, but the little markings on her forehead were slightly different.  
Instead of the two circles before, they were two triangles.  The two low 
ponytails she had before were now worn high instead, bound a little above and 
behind her temples.

	"Aah!" I yelped, falling over from surprise.  "Wh-where did you come 
from?"

	"Hey!  Keep the noise down, up there!" I heard my dad call.

	"Well, you said your father didn't want older ladies in the house.  I'm
not an older lady anymore!  But I'm still a Goddess."

	"That's not going to help at all!"

	"I thought you wanted us to be quiet?" she said.

	I kept my mouth shut this time.  Aw, jeez...  As if this wasn't bad
enough...  Now my dad's going to think I'm hitting on a kid almost a decade 
younger than me!

	I hadn't known it at the time, but my dad had already peeped through the
other side of the small slit between the door and the doorframe I'd left open.
Later, he told me that if Mom had seen the two of us, she would have barged in.
Instead, (and I quote), he 'left us alone so I could pursue my own destiny in 
the arts of...'  Well, never mind what he'd said.

	"I think we're safe..." I said, looking back through the door (after my 
dad had already left).

	"Ok, Tenchi," Sasami said.

	"How'd you know my name?"

	"Silly, I make it a point to know my customer's name before I arrive for
a consultation.  Besides, your father called you Tenchi when he walked into your
house."  She smiled.  She sure was cute as a little girl.

	"Yeah, well, there's gotta be a way to explain to my dad how you got
here."

	"Don't worry, the power of your wish will keep us together forever, just
like you asked."

	My lucky day...

*	*	*	*	*

	After some careful consideration, I decided it was safe for me to go 
downstairs and try to explain things to my Dad.  I hoped he would understand, 
though I doubted it.  After all, Goddesses don't just pop out of mirrors 
everyday.

	"Tenchi?  Are you sure it's ok?" Sasami asked.

	"Yeah, I'm going to go downstairs," I replied, "but I think you should
stay here.  No, wait, that's no good...  You said we couldn't be separated,
right?  Hey, does that mean that when school starts I'm supposed to go with you
tagging along every day?"

	"No, Tenchi, you *are* silly!  What I meant that we can't be separated
mostly has to do with our relationship -- it doesn't matter if we're not
together for a short period of time, as long as no one tries to come between
us."

	"And if someone does?"

	"Either your wish will fix itself or I will have to use my own power."

	"That's not too bad, right?"

	"Well, I need to rest in between large spells.  It doesn't take much
energy to switch between my present form, Sasami, back to my original Goddess
form, and vice-versa but I'd rather not do it too often."

	"Ok.  Stay here, and I'll go talk to my Dad," I said, stepping out of
the room and heading downstairs.

	"All right, Tenchi."

	"Dad?" I called from the landing.  "Dad?  I have to ask you something."

	"Ahh!  Tenchi!  I'm so proud of you!" I heard him yell back.

	"What?"

	He dashed up the stairs with his Pioneer brand camera rolling away.
"I'm going to record every moment of this!  I was afraid you'd be too shy around
women, and now you're sneaking them into your room!  Oh, my wife in heaven, if
only you could see our son now!  You would be so proud!  He's gotten himself a
beautiful girlfriend!"

	"Dad, cut it out!  Wait -- were you spying on me?!  I can't believe you
don't even respect my privacy!  And besides that, she's not my girlfriend!"

	"Oh, she's not?"  He hit the stop button on the camera and turned it
off.  "Then I suppose you can't object if I make my own moves on her, eh,
Tenchi?"  He elbowed me and winked knowingly.

	"Stop it, Dad!  I need to talk to you about her!  She's a Goddess--"

	"That she certainly is!  I've never seen a woman with such grace about
her, such beauty...  Except for your late mother, of course."

	"Would you just let me talk?!"

	"Tenchi?  What's wrong?" I heard Sasami say from behind me.

	"Huh?  Hey, this isn't the woman that was in your room before," Dad
said.

	"That's what I've been trying to tell you!  Jeez!"  I took a deep
breath.  "Dad, this is Sasami."

	"How do you do?" Sasami asked.  Dad just stared at her.

	"Um, I'm fine, thank you.  I'm Tenchi's father, Nobuyuki Masaki."

	"Hello, Tenchi's father.  I'm the Goddess Tsunami.  I'm here because
Tenchi made a phone call to my company, and I came to answer his wish."

	Dad edged over to me and pulled me aside.  "Tenchi, you said her name
was Sasami!  How much crack are you two smoking?" he whispered.

	"DAD!"

	"'Crack'?  Tenchi, what is 'crack'?" Sasami asked.

	"Never you mind that, little girl," Dad said, chuckling nervously.  "I
guess you're too young for me!  I'm more than twice your age."

	"Yeah, I guess she's too young..." I echoed, placing my hand on the back
of my head and chuckling nervously in the same manner as he.

	"Oo...  It's getting dark, Tenchi.  Have you had dinner yet?" Sasami
said.

	*Growl* my stomach said.

	Well, gee, now that you mentioned it...  "Yeah, I guess I am a little
hungry."

	"I'll make you dinner!" she exclaimed, running down to the kitchen.

	Heh...  A Goddess who likes to cook.  Who knew?  I turned back to my
Dad, but he had disappeared as well.  I assumed he'd heard the word 'food' and
had high-tailed it after Sasami.

	"Well, this is certainly turning out to be an interesting summer," I
said to myself, following the two downstairs.

	"Do you need some help?" I called.

	"No, Tenchi, it's ok!"

*	*	*	*	*

	My Dad finished his last bit of rice and put down his chopsticks.  He
took a sip of tea, then smiled at Sasami.

	"That was delicious!" he said.  "You're the best chef I know!"

	"Thank you, Tenchi's father," Sasami replied.

	"Yes, Sasami, it was very good," Grandpa added.

	"Now, now, Sasami, you can just call me 'Father' now!" Dad exclaimed.

	"Dad..." I said.

	"It's ok, Tenchi, I know that your girlfriend's a bit young, but when
you two grow up it won't make any difference at all!"

	I looked down at my plate, feeling my face getting hot.  I wished my Dad
would stop embarrassing me, and I bet it was probably embarrassing Sasami, too.
Yup, a quick glance at her confirmed her face was as red as mine felt.

	"Hmph," I heard my Dad mutter.  "I guess he's still shy around women."

	I sighed.  "Dad, I'm going to bed.  I have to work in grandpa's fields
tomorrow.  Plus, he'll probably make me practice with the swords again."

	"Fields?  What kind of fields?  Oh, and you know how to use a sword?"
Sasami asked.

	"Oh, we have a lot of land around the shrine and around this house, so
my grandpa lets me plant a lot of big gardens.  Mostly fruits and vegetables,
since it's so hard to get to town from here.  You have to climb hundreds of
steps just to get to the house, let alone the shrine," I explained.  "As for the
swordplay routines -- I've been doing them so long I don't even know why I
started.  Most people do stuff like chess or video games, but I like practicing
sword forms.  My grandpa teaches me."

	"Wow..." she said, her eyes widening and sparkling in delight.  It
rendered me breathless for a moment.

	"Well, uh, you should get to bed, too, Sasami," I said finally.

	"I can set up a futon for you, Sasami.  You can sleep in the guest
room," Dad said.

	"Ok," she replied, starting to follow him up the stairs.  "Tenchi?" she
said, turning around.

	"Yes, Sasami?"

	"Do you like me better as Tsunami or Sasami?"

	"But they're both the same person -- you.  Which do you like better?"

	"I want to switch back before I go to bed so I can rest because my
powers are stronger when I'm in my older form.  I just wanted to know if you
minded..."

	"Why are you asking me?"

	She looked away for a moment.  "Your opinion matters to me, Tenchi."

	Gosh.  And I'd barely even met her.

	"Well, I like you both because you're both the same person, like I
said."

	She smiled again.  "Thank you, Tenchi!"

End of Chapter 1
