Tenchi-Muyo! (No Need For Tenchi!, This End Up) is (c) AIC * Pioneer LDC, Inc.
Aa! Megami-sama! (Oh My Goddess!) is (c) by Kousuke Fujishima, Kodansha, TBS and 
KSS Films.


Aa! Megami-sama Muyo! (Ah! No Need For My Goddess!)
A Tenchi-Muyo! and Aa! Megami-sama! crossover fan fiction
By Luna Hinomura
http://fly.to/Luna's

Chapter 12: The Wings of the Light Hawk

	When Tenchi appeared seemingly out of nowhere, Ayeka nearly fell over from 
disbelief.  She stared at the image in the viewing circle Little Washu had 
created in Kagato's floor, trying to ignore her pounding heart.  "It's Tenchi!  
What is he doing here?!  How is it that he could be alive?"  In that instant, 
she felt not only happiness for Tenchi, but also hope that Tsunami could be 
alive as well.

	"Yay!  We're saved!" Mihoshi exclaimed.

	A slight smile appeared on Washu's face.  She leaned back against the wall 
smugly.  "My guess would be Lady Tokimi," she said.  "It's too bad we can't hear 
what they're saying unless they project their words psionically, but we're lucky 
that he's here to turn the tide; I don't think there's any way to get back to 
the real world from this plane of existence.  It's kinda like a mirror world."

	Mihoshi blinked.  "What?  There's no way out?"

	Washu shook her head in reply.  "Nope.  No way.  Absolutely none."

	"That's preposterous!  There *must* be!" Ayeka declared.  "How else are we 
going to help Tenchi?"

	"I don't think there *is* any way.  There's nothing for us to do; he's on 
his own now," Washu replied.  "Well, maybe nothing except this..."  Washu pushed 
herself up from the wall and walked over to the viewing circle.  Pulling out a 
pair of white fans with red circles painted in the center of the white, she took 
a deep breath.  "Yeah!  Come on!  Gooooooo Tenchi!" she cheered, ignoring 
Ayeka's abrupt facefault.

	"Um, are you sure there's absolutely *no* way outta here?  I don't get 
it," Mihoshi whimpered.  Beads of sweat appeared on both Ayeka's and Washu's 
brows.  "Wait, does that mean we're..."

	"Mean that we're...?" Ayeka asked impatiently.

	"Does this means that perhaps..." Mihoshi continued.

	"Perhaps what?"

	"I think it means that perhaps we're trapped on this side!"  For a moment, 
both Ayeka and Washu remained silent at Mihoshi's blatantly obvious statement.  
A second later, something within Ayeka snapped, and she lashed out at Mihoshi 
verbally.

	"*Yes*, we are trapped in here!  We are very, *very*, locked up!!" she 
screamed in Mihoshi's face.

	"Ohh..."

*	*	*	*	*

	"Give it up, boy.  You can't compete with me," Kagato said, throwing 
Tenchi back for the umpteenth time.  His white hair had come loose during the 
fight, and now spilled wildly across his shoulders.  "That Tokimi had better 
come up with a better plan then this.  The power of Jurai is mine.  I'll let you 
live just so you can see how easily Ryoko and I can destroy Earth."

	"No, Kagato!  Stop!" Ryoko pleaded, trying to crawl towards Kagato.  "I'm 
begging you, please don't hurt anyone else...  I'll let you kill me, but don't 
hurt Tenchi!"  Her words did not move Kagato's stoic heart, and he kicked at her 
to rid her of his person.

	With the thought of rescuing Tsunami in his heart, Tenchi felt his 
strength slowly ebbing.  He ignored the pain and stood up again, with the 
Tenchi-ken gripped tightly in his fist.  Somehow, he knew it would be the very 
last time he would be able to stand up after being knocked down by Kagato.

	"What a fool you are," Kagato quipped.  "Don't you know when to give up?  
Why don't you just watch?"  He knocked Tenchi back with another blast, and 
extracted the energy from Ryoko's gems again.  This time, nobody could stop him.  
Gradually, the energy reached a peak, and he used the Souja to fire it all at 
the Earth below.

	Just before the Life-force Energy reached the earth, a shield appeared 
around it, absorbing the Energy entirely.  "You see?" Kagato said.  "It's just 
as I thought –- Lady Tokimi is protecting the Earth.  But you..."  He turned to 
Tenchi and smirked.  "Lady Tokimi's power cannot reach here, inside the Souja.  
You will die."

	When one looks death in the face, they can usually overcome it and return 
with more vigor and courage than they ever believed possible.  Such was the case 
with Tenchi.  With Kagato's hand, rapidly being charged with Life-force Energy 
pointed directly at his face, he could only sigh and say a silent apology in his 
heart.  And parts of his life flashed in his mind's eye.

	His mother, Achika...

	His father, Nobuyuki...

	The Goddess, Tsunami...

	Sasami...  Washu...  Ayeka...  Ryoko...  Mihoshi...  Kiyone...

	Not to mention Lady Tokimi.  She was the person whom he'd had the most 
meaningful conversation with before his death.  And she had given him powerful 
advice before sending him off to do battle with Kagato.  If only he could 
remember her advice...

			"Don't worry; I can do it, Lady Tokimi.  I can defeat Kagato, 
		because I have the Tenchi-ken."

			"You cannot and must not rely completely on that sword, 
		Tenchi.  It holds power, but it is merely an inanimate object; it 
		cannot defeat Kagato alone, and neither can you.  It is linked to 
		the Jurai System, but on the Souja, you will be cut off completely 
		from it.  Look deep within yourself, Tenchi...  You have the blood 
		of a Goddess within you.  Learn to harness the power it represents.  
		I am sorry I can only witness your battle from my vantage point here 
		on Jurai."

	With renewed determination, Tenchi pushed himself up once more, meeting 
Kagato's blast of Life-force Energy head-on.  Seeing this, Ryoko bit her lip, 
ignoring the pain from her sharp fangs cutting into her skin.  Blood dripped 
down from the minor wound and down her chin, mingling with the salty tears from 
her eyes.  <Killed, yet again...>  She was unable to move; she couldn't turn her 
head away, even though she knew she wouldn't be able to bear seeing Tenchi's 
limp carcass.  Thankfully, the blast had enveloped Tenchi completely in clouds 
of thick, gray smoke.  Kagato turned to her once more.

	"Come, Ryoko, I'll kill you now, as you asked," he said, before something 
in the corner of his eyes caught his attention.

	Tenchi was still there.  His own Life-force energy now surrounded him, and 
he had erected his own shield.  The Tenchi-ken was still clenched in his hand.  
Kagato couldn't move, shocked beyond words.  "Impossible!  The link to Lady 
Tokimi should have been cut off completely by Souja!"

	With a sigh of relief, Tenchi looked down at the Tenchi-ken in his hands, 
and threw it off to the side.  "I have been relying too much on this sword.  I 
will defeat you with my *own* power this time!"

	"So!  It's *you*!  You're the one doing this!!" Kagato yelled, recklessly 
throwing another blast of Life-force Energy at him.  Once again, Tenchi emerged 
unscathed.  However, this time, he was surrounded by...

*	*	*	*	*

	"The Light Hawk Wings!" Ayeka and Washu exclaimed simultaneously.  "I 
can't believe it!" Ayeka declared.

	"What are the Light Hawk Wings?" Mihoshi asked.

	"The Wings of the Light Hawk are what we used to protect Ryo-ohki and 
Yagami against Kagato before.  They comprise Jurai's most powerful shield, but 
can be used a weapon as well.  You see?  It has three blades, and the three 
Goddesses of Jurai must be together in order to form each blade," Washu 
explained.

	"What I want to know is how is Tenchi able to use them," Ayeka commented.  
"Well, it looks as if the fight is not over yet.  Let's cheer for Tenchi!"  With 
a smile, she held up one of Washu's fans.

	"It looks as if the real fight's just about to begin," Washu agreed.  "And 
to answer your other inquiry, when you and Tenchi summoned Lady Tokimi, Kagato 
shot at you, right?  Lady Tokimi must have protected Tenchi, and in the instant 
when the shot broke through, the power of the Light Hawk Wings supposedly 
dissipated.  But what if the power went into Tenchi?  Or, if in that instant, 
the power flooded over him, and he was able to recognize the pattern in 
summoning the Wings...  Well, who knows?  I'd need to do a few tests on him, or 
talk to Lady Tokimi to figure it out."

	"You can do that later," Ayeka replied, watching the view screen.

	A green mark of three triangles appeared on Tenchi's forehead, and the 
three blades glowed in response.  He pushed his arms out in front of him, and 
two of the blades traveled over him, transforming his previous battle uniform to 
one even more elegant.  Triangular black battle markings that resembled Ayeka's 
appeared across his cheeks.

	"The material conversion of energy and light into mass!  The power within 
Tenchi is *very* strong!" Ayeka exclaimed.

	"Yeah, look at all the cool stuff he can do!" Mihoshi echoed.

	Ayeka and Washu sighed.  "What'd you expect her to say?" Washu asked.  
"You know what?  I think the reason why Tenchi's so strong is because *I'm* his 
Great-grandmother!"  She broke off into wild laughter.  Ayeka sighed and looked 
back at the view screen.

	Tenchi reached his hand out and grabbed the remaining blade at the base.  
As soon as he touched it, the light transformed into a tangible sword, and 
Kagato ignited his own in response.  He launched at Tenchi violently, intent 
upon destroying him.  In turn, Tenchi launched at Kagato at the same time.  An 
instant later, it seemed like nothing had happened.

	"<<Well done, Tokimi,>>" Kagato said, both aloud and psionically.  A 
diagonal slash appeared, cut from his left shoulder down to his right hip.  
"<<You've won.  So, Tenchi...  I can see now; you're my Great-grandson.  I was 
blind.>>"  As his body disintegrated, both upwards and downwards from the slash, 
he closed his eyes.

	"<<Goodbye, my Funaho.>>" he said; his very last words before he 
disappeared completely.

	An instant later, Washu, Ayeka, and Mihoshi appeared in the real world as 
the mirror world collapsed on itself.  Washu sank to her knees, tears streaming 
from her eyes.

	"Goodbye...  Isamu..." she said.

	"'Funaho'?  'Isamu'?  Does that mean—-" Tenchi started.

	"Yes.  Kagato was your Great-grandfather, Tenchi," Ayeka said.

	<Holy crap,> Tenchi thought, shocked.  "But how did you know?  How come 
*I* didn't know?  And..."–-he paused for a moment--"How come Grandpa doesn't 
look a thing like him?"

	Washu sighed.  "I disguised myself as a mortal, but Kagato did, too."

	Tenchi punched the wall in disgust; he was mad at both myself and Washu, 
and the entire planet for that matter.  "You mean to tell me that I just killed 
my Great-grandfather?!"

	"Yes, but only in death was he finally kind.  You saw how he was before.  
And remember; your Great-grandfather killed you, too," Ayeka said, before a jolt 
shook them off their feet.

	"Uh-oh...  Now that Kagato's gone, the Souja is collapsing!  Everyone, 
back to Yagami!" Washu ordered.  She sounded almost grateful for the 
interruption.

*	*	*	*	*

	As I felt the transportation spell taking effect, I envisioned Tsunami 
running towards me with her arms outstretched.  For some reason, the spell felt 
slightly different, but I ignored it and reached my arms towards her.  Now that 
Kagato was dead, I knew she would be coming back.

	Moments later, we appeared on Yagami.  Everything was different.  Ayeka, 
Mihoshi, and Ryoko were no longer wearing their battle uniforms (and neither was 
I), but Washu had apparently disappeared, and a black-haired woman wearing 
elegant robes was there instead.

	"Ah.  Uh-oh," she said, looking at herself.
 
	"What do you mean, 'uh-oh'?  Who are you?" I asked.  She looked very 
familiar, and she had a green circle in the middle of her forehead.  Her brown 
eyes looked very kind, as did her face, but the expression on her face was one 
of utter confusion.

	"You wouldn't believe me even if I told you," she replied.  "Can I have a 
mirror?"

	"Who *are* you?" Kiyone demanded.

	"It's simple, really.  I'm Funaho."

	"WHAT?!" we all exclaimed at once.

	"I think I need to talk to Lady Tokimi," she said.  "This is what I looked 
like when I disguised myself as a mortal.  That's why your Grandfather does not 
resemble me as the red-haired Goddess."

	"All right, but how come you've changed back into Funaho?  And where's 
Tsunami?" I asked.  I turned my face up towards the ceiling.  "Lady Tokimi!  You 
said that if Kagato died, Tsunami would return!  Where is she?!  Why did you 
tell me to kill my Great-grandfather if it's all going to add up to nothing?!  
It's all one big nothing!!"  After my outburst, I sagged down on the floor of 
Yagami, still overcome with shock.  Ryoko pressed her hand on my shoulder, 
trying to reassure me.  Ayeka looked worried, too.

	<<It seems I have misjudged,>> replied Lady Tokimi.  <<Tsunami has not 
reappeared.  There must be some aspect that I have not taken into 
consideration.>>

	"<<Lady Tokimi, why have I reverted into Funaho?>>" Funaho asked.

	<<Because we have lost Tsunami, for all practical purposes, the Jurai 
System is down.  It will be unable to function until Tsunami is restored to 
life, or until we find a replacement.  I myself favor the former above the 
latter.>>  Lady Tokimi sounded tired and depressed, but not as tired and 
depressed as I was.

	"<<As do I,>>" Funaho replied.

	<<Return to your home, Tenchi.  It is all you *can* do for now.  Forgive 
me for any pain it might have caused.  We will find her; I guarantee it.  A few 
tests, perhaps, Sister Washu.  Or shall I call you Funaho now?>>

	"<<I'd prefer 'Funaho' if I'm in this body,>>" she replied, signaling 
Kiyone to direct Yagami back to Earth.

	"Oh, that's right, I forgot," I said softly, reaching into the pockets of 
my shirt.  "Lady Tokimi told me to give this to you."  I pulled out an egg, and 
handed it to Ryoko.  I pulled out a new crown, and handed it to Ayeka.  "Right 
before Kagato killed Ryo-ohki and me, Lady Tokimi was able to protect us.  Your 
sister laid another egg.  Unfortunately, she hadn't thought of protecting 
Tsunami."

	Ryoko looked at me with both sadness and happiness in her eyes.  She 
looked like she couldn't decide whether she cared too much, too little, or was 
just plain worried about me.  Ayeka took the crown in her gentle hands the same 
manner.  I just looked out the window of Yagami, out at the stars.  Once again, 
I had a vision of Tsunami trying to run towards me, but the image disappeared 
before she even came close.

End of Chapter 12


Epilogue

	I went about my daily chores apathetically, not paying attention while I 
did each job, and probably doing a lousy one at that.  The others had given me 
some slack now that they saw how much I'd been suffering since the Kagato 
incident.  They didn't even let me decorate our annual Christmas tree.  I wish I 
could have celebrated Christmas with Tsunami.

	"Lord Tenchi, why don't you go upstairs and rest?" Ayeka suggested.  
"Please...  You look very tired."

	Nodding with the same apathy, I plodded upstairs, ignoring the looks of 
sympathy the others sent in my direction.  Nothing felt right anymore.  I fell 
face down on my bed, burying my tear-streaked face in my pillow.  Willing myself 
to stop crying, I flipped on my back and stared at the ceiling.  I sighed.  
Everything was much too quiet.  With Tsunami gone, no one seemed happy anymore, 
least of all me.  I pressed a random button on my CD player without even 
looking, not caring what played, though I expected to hear Megumi's voice again.

	I sat up quickly when the CD began to play and a woman began to sing.  The 
CD may have sounded familiar, but I knew it was one that I hadn't placed into my 
stereo for quite some time, since I couldn't even remember which CD it was.  One 
of the others might have come into my room before to listen to CDs, but I 
doubted it.   Reaching over, I hit the eject button to examine it.  Hmm...  
Chisa Yokoyama.  Interesting.

	I miss Tsunami.

End of Book I
