Tenchi-Muyo! (No Need For Tenchi!, This End Up) is (c) AIC * Pioneer LDC, Inc.
Aa! Megami-sama! (Oh My Goddess!) is (c) by Kousuke Fujishima, Kodansha, TBS and
KSS Films.


Aa! Megami-sama Muyo! (Ah! No Need For My Goddess!)
A Tenchi-Muyo! and Aa! Megami-sama! crossover fan fiction
By Luna Hinomura
http://fly.to/Luna's

Chapter 3: Demon Caller

	"Tenchi, you said we could go and see the cave today!" Washu complained 
from my doorway.

	Rolling over in bed, I covered my ears with a pillow.  Apparently, she'd 
never learned the meaning of 'sleeping late'.  I think I mumbled something, but 
I was too tired to remember what it was.  Jeez, at least Tsunami let me sleep 
when I wanted to.  I wondered what would happen if their "Almighty" or whatever 
sister Tokimi came to my house.  It'd be just too much.  I had a horrible time 
last night explaining that Washu was Tsunami's sister, and trying to tell Dad 
that Washu didn't appreciate him hitting on her.  My grandpa didn't seem to be 
too surprised to see a newcomer, though.  In fact, he almost seemed to recognize 
her.

	"TENCHI!" Washu screamed through a megaphone right into my ear.

	"AaaaaaAAH!" I said, promptly falling out of my bed.  I put my hand 
against my temple, my ears ringing and my heart pounding.  I could even feel my 
pulse through a vein on my forehead.  It felt like it was about to burst.

	"Washu...  Please don't ever do that again..."

	"You *did* promise."

	"Not this early!  It's the weekend!  I'm tired from working in the fields, 
not to mention all the chaos that's happened since you came here.  Even Tsunami 
wasn't that bad.  And by the way, that's not a pun."

	"Chaos, hm?  Well, it's true, even if it isn't a pun," Washu said, 
smiling.  But her grin disappeared suddenly, and she looked very serious.  
"Tenchi, I really want to see the cave, and I'd like to go as soon as possible, 
ok?"

	"All right," I sighed, standing up, "but let me eat breakfast first.  
Tsunami probably made something for us.  And why are you still in your 12-year-
old form?"

	"Didn't Tsunami tell you how much energy it takes to change between the 
two forms, child and adult?"

	"Yeah, I think she said something about that, but you Goddesses have a lot 
of power, right?"

	"We may have a lot of power, but casting spells takes a lot of power too.  
The only reason I can change to a 12-year-old at all is because for me, this is 
the age that is easiest to transfer back and forth to and from.  The same goes 
for Tsunami to Sasami."

	"Why does Tsunami call her younger self Sasami?  Do you have a form you 
want me to call your younger self?"

	"I already told you!" Washu exclaimed as she hopped down the stairs.

	"Huh?"

	"Just call me Little Washu!"  She laughed.  "Anyway, Tsunami likes the 
name 'Sasami.'  It was a nickname Lady Tokimi gave her.  Little Tsunami doesn't 
sound as cute as Little Washu, now, does it!"  She said it more like she was 
stating a fact than asking a question.

	"Oh."  By this time, we'd reached the dining room, and Sasami was sitting 
at the table holding a pair of chopsticks.  Her eyes lit up when she saw me 
coming in.  Well, even if her pink eyes were strange by human standards, there 
was beauty and kindness within them.  The Goddess of Kindness, and the Goddess 
of Chaos...  Almost complete opposites.  I wondered about their parents.  After 
all, they looked nothing alike, so why did they call each other 'sister'?

	"Good morning, Tenchi!  I made you breakfast.  Your father and 
grandfather have already eaten," she said, getting up.

	"No, that's ok, Sasami, don't get up.  Thanks for breakfast!  This is 
great!" I said, sitting down.

	"You're quite the chef, Sasami-chan," Washu said.

	"Thank you, Sister Washu.  Oh, Tenchi, you don't have to bother with the 
dishes, I can handle it," she said, then turned to her sister.  "While I'm 
washing the dishes, Tenchi can show you the cave."

	"Have you seen it?"

	"Yeah, I walked by there once.  There's nothing interesting there."

	"If you say so," Washu said, looking out the glass door to the lake by our 
house.

	"Miss Washu?" I asked.

	"Hm?"

	"I don't want to seem presumptuous, but you appear to be preoccupied.  Is 
something wrong?"

	"No, it's nothing, Tenchi," she said, her gaze returning to her plate.  
She began to eat.

	<If you say so>, I thought, echoing Washu's words.

*	*	*	*	*

	"Well, well, well, Washu.  Fancy meeting you here," Grandpa said as we 
walked up the steps to the Masaki shrine.  Grandpa was standing at the top of 
the stairs, sweeping fallen leaves.  It was getting really close to autumn, and 
some leaves were coming down.

	"Yes, Mr. Masaki, Tenchi and are going to see the cave next to the Masaki 
shrine," Washu replied.

	"Is that so?  Well, let me just warn you, don't go into it."

	"Grandpa, why can't we just look around and see the Demon?" I asked.

	"You can go up to the gate, but you must stop there.  The Demon is 
dangerous.  I've told you time and time again, you don't want to go in."

	"But why, Grandpa?"

	"Tenchi, don't argue with your elders," Grandpa said, finished with his 
sweeping.  "You can look through the gate, but don't try to open it.  Come back 
when you're finished, and we'll practice your swordplay routines."  He headed 
back to the shrine.

	"It's ok, Tenchi, I don't mind just looking through the gate."

	"I've always wanted to see the sword, but I'm scared of seeing the Demon.  
As long as no one breaks the seal on the cave, the Demon will sleep there until 
the end of time," I said, gazing at the cave.

	"Let's go, then," Washu said, pulling me (more like dragging, actually) 
towards it.  She brought me all the way up to the rusty gate.  I took one look 
at the padlocks and chains around it, and knew there was no way we could get 
through it.

	"See?  There's no way to get into the cave.  I've tried.  Believe me, I've 
tried."

	"I guess you're right..." she said softly, just an edge of disappointment 
in her voice.

	"I'm sorry I got you so excited about this cave.  It's bothered me ever 
since I was little."

	"Tenchi!" I heard my grandpa call.  "Are you finished yet?"

	"Sorry, Washu, but I have to go."

	"I'll stay here awhile, ok, Tenchi?" Washu asked.

	"Sure.  There's nothing to look at anyway," I replied, walking away.  When 
I turned to go down the stairs, I thought I saw a brief flash or glow of light 
through my peripheral vision, but when I looked back at Washu, she was only 
holding the padlock, gazing at it strangely.  Come to think of it, the idea of a 
Demon in the cave had plagued her ever since she had arrived here, but that was 
no different from what I had felt ever since I was born.

*	*	*	*	*

	"Sasami?  I wanted to ask you something, to learn more about System Jurai.  
How does it run?" I said, walking in the house after my vigorous sword training 
exercise.  Those things just wore me out.  Ah, well, it was a great way to pass 
the time.

	"Well, Lady Tokimi, Washu, and I are the three main Goddesses in the 
Goddess Technical Helpline, and we are the only three that are Goddess First 
Class Unlimited.  Others are below us.  Washu is the Sysop, and she has to make 
sure everything is running smoothly, and has to monitor it constantly."

	"Wow.  What do you do, Sasami?"

	"Well, I'm sort of like the antenna," she said.

	"The what?"

	"The antenna.  We have a lot of Goddesses who receive phone calls from 
everywhere, but I am the only one with the power to transfer the wishes to the 
Almighty One of System Jurai, Lady Tokimi."

	"So you're the only one who can grant a wish?" I asked.

	"No, all the Goddesses can visit people and receive their wishes, but they 
can't transfer it to Lady Tokimi."

	"Do you have to be there with the person to grant their wish?"

	"No, that's what the other lower Goddesses are for.  They're like smaller 
antennas who transfer wishes to me, and I transfer the wish to Lady Tokimi.  
Normally, I rarely give consultations, but I had some free time on my hands when 
I visited you."

	"I'm glad," I said, smiling.

	"Me too," she replied.

	The door slid open, and Washu walked in with a sigh.  Her hair was 
unkempt, and she was breathing hard, like she'd run all the way down the stairs.  
Her clothes were dirty too, covered in dirt and debris.  Seeing us, she 
straightened up immediately and pretended nothing was wrong.

	"Are you ok, Washu?" Sasami asked.

	"What?  Oh, yeah, I'm fine.  I just...fell.  On the way back," she 
replied, brushing leaves out of her hair.

	"You what?!  Those steps are steep!  Did you slip and roll or something?" 
I said, worried.

	"No, I just fell to the side.  Into the bushes.  I'm tired, I don't think 
I'll eat dinner," she said, walking up the stairs to the bedroom she shared with 
Sasami.

	"But tonight is Tenchi's last night before his school starts again!" 
Sasami protested.

	"Oh.  Well, I'm sorry, Tenchi, but I'm *really* tired.  I'll see you 
whenever I wake up," she yawned, going out of sight as she navigated a bend in 
the hallway.

	"That's ok," I called, not knowing if she could hear me.

	"Well, that's weird," Sasami said, raising an eyebrow.

	"What is?  She's just tired."

	"Yeah, but she shouldn't be that tired unless she used too much of her 
Life-force Energy."

	"Life-force Energy?" I asked confusedly.

	"Yeah, that's what we use to do our spells.  It might sound strange, but 
to me it looked like she'd been in some sort of battle."

	"Battle?"  The Demon?  It couldn't be...  "It's probably nothing.  Maybe 
she fell and needed to use her power to heal herself.  Or to stop her descent, 
if she fell near the top of the stairs, and kept rolling."

	"I guess so..."

	"Wait, didn't you once say Goddesses couldn't lie?" I asked.

	"Yeah, but Washu is the Goddess of Chaos, you know."

	"Does that mean some things about Goddesses don't apply to her?"

	"Sometimes.  Chaos works in strange ways."

	I'll say...

*	*	*	*	*

	Leaving for the first day of school, I grumbled to myself about having to 
leave Sasami and Washu by themselves, since my grandpa would be up in his shrine 
composing strange prose like "Be not frightened by your friend's new hairstyle.  
It would be wise to change your own." or something like that.  Almost like one 
of those worthless American stereotypical Chinese Fortune Cookies.  He's got a 
strange sense of humor.  Well, once in awhile he came up with something 
interesting.  Rarely, though.

	Once I reached the bottom of the stairs, I turned to look at my house and 
the shrine.  Washu hadn't woken up yet by the time I'd left, but Sasami had bade 
me farewell, packed me a lunch, and sent me on my way.

	Smiling, I turned back, hurrying so I wouldn't miss the bus.

*	*	*	*	*

	"So, Tenchi, what did you do all summer?" my classmate, Amagasaki asked me 
once the teacher was finished lecturing.

	"Oh, nothing much, just helped around the house.  Shrine stuff, sword 
stuff, the usual."

	"Bummer.  Did you meet any girls?"

	"Sort of," I replied, deliberately trying to be elusive.  I couldn't risk 
letting people know that I had two Goddesses living with me.

	"Nothing but dried-up mummies, huh?" Amagasaki joked.  "Just like last 
year."

	"Yeah," I said, laughing along.  I guess I'd used that 'dried-up mummy' 
line a lot, even when I first met Tsunami.  Of course, unlike Tsunami, he 
understood the joke.  If you could call it that.  It wasn't really a joke, more 
like a sarcastic statement.

	"Tenchi?" he said, pulling me from my daze.  "Hey, Tenchi!"  He leaned in 
and lowered his voice.  "You seem kind of spaced out...  Don't tell me you were 
so hard-up that you slept with a mummy!"  By the time he finished his sentence, 
it had drifted from a quiet murmur to a deafening shout.  The whole class had 
heard.

	"Oh, wow!" Sakuya said from my right.  "You're quite the Casanova."  She 
turned to the rest of the class.  "Did you hear what happened to Tenchi?"

	"Hear what?"  "Tenchi did what?!"  "Eew!  How gross!"  "I thought you had 
class, Tenchi!"  "Didn't you say you met some girl named Sasami?"  "But he said 
Sasami was around the age of 10!"  "That's disgusting!  You're sick!"

	Aw, jeez...

	"Get a life, clown!" I yelled, punching Amagasaki, and sending his obese 
figure crashing into the wall.
 
	*DING* *ding* *DONG* *dong*

	"Yay!  It's lunch time!"  "Man, I'm starved!"  "I thought the teacher 
would never shut up!"

	"Hey, Tenchi, ya comin'?" someone called.

	"No..." I said.  "I'll, uh, catch you later..."  <Saved by the bell...>  I 
ran out of there as fast as I could, going to my favorite spot on the roof, 
where I could always be alone.  Placing my hands behind my head like a pillow, I 
settled down on my back and stared upwards at the sky.

	"Get a grip, Tenchi," I said to myself.  "Amagasaki was just being a jerk, 
like he always was.  Just explain to them that they misunderstood his joke, 
that's all."  From my position I saw birds soaring by overhead, calling to each 
other.  The clouds drifted leisurely through the air, and it was so peaceful...  
I could stay there forever...

*	*	*	*	*

	I opened my eyes, expecting to see exactly what had been there before I 
closed my eyes.  I got a big surprise.

	"It's night *already*?!"  Rather than big fluffy clouds, I saw small 
sparkling stars, and rather than hearing the pii-pii of birds, I could only hear 
the chirrup of crickets.

	"Aw, man!  I can't believe I fell asleep and I missed all my classes!  
What a great impression to make on the first day of school," I muttered.  "What 
am I gonna do now?"

	"Tenchi..."

	"Who said that?!" I called, glancing around.

	"Tenchi..."

	"Where are you?!"

	"Up here, Tenchi..."

	I looked up in the direction I thought the voice was coming from.  There 
was a girl who looked a little older than Tsunami, maybe around the age of Big 
Washu, sitting on top of the big metal box that held one of the many air 
conditioners for our school.  She had spiky light blue hair, lighter than 
Sasami's.  Her hair kind of reminded me of Washu's, actually.

	"Hello, Tenchi," she said, her eyes closed.

	"Who *are* you?" I asked, perplexed.

	"Ryoko," she said, laughing.  "My name is Ryoko."  Then she opened her 
eyes.  Big, yellow, catlike eyes that glowed...  Glowed...

	Like a Demon's.

	"No way!  You can't be-- You can't be-- that Demon?!"

	"It was cold in that cave...and dark.  You know how long I was trapped in 
there?  Seven hundred years.  And I didn't like it, I didn't like it at all!  
All I want now is *revenge*!"

	"It's none of my business how you got in there, and I definitely didn't 
wake you up!"

	"You didn't?" she said confusedly.

	"No!  And the guy who trapped you in there was my ancestor, Yosho!"

	She paused a moment and chewed on her bottom lip, digesting my words.  
Finally, she held her hand up with her palm pointed towards the sky and said, "I 
don't care."

	Huh?

	"I just need to take my anger out on you, *right now*!"  Reddish-orange 
energy began traveling into her hand, and when she tightened it into a fist, a 
sword appeared.  A sword like I'd never seen before.  It had no handle, yet it 
followed her hand's every movement.  It seemed to be made of pure energy, or 
pure light.

	"AAAAAAAAAAAH!" I screamed, running away from her.  Her laughter filled 
the air, as she leapt down from her post and slashed around me with her sword, 
creating dents in the roof of my school.  I turned a sharp corner, and she 
followed, flying through the air.  She began throwing bolts at me, bolts of 
energy that looked a lot like her sword.

	I grabbed the doorknob leading to the stairs that would take me back into 
the school, trying to get back home.  Oh, if only Tsunami was there, she would 
save me.

	A blast of energy exploded behind me, flinging me painfully down the 
stairs.  I picked myself up gingerly, grateful that I hadn't broken any bones, 
and only received a few bruises.  I could see her shadow behind me, fading in 
and out of existence.  Very, very, weird!

	Running through the hall, I passed by my classroom.  That's when I 
realized I'd forgotten my book bag, but it gave me an idea.  I dove through the 
door.  Sliding it closed quietly, I prayed to Kami-sama that she hadn't seen me.  
Holding my breath, I watched as her silhouette passed by, no doubt her eyes and 
ears searching for the tiniest movement or sound.

	When she was gone, I let out a relieved sigh, and headed over to my desk.  
"I hope she's gone," I said to myself as I picked up my bag and collected my 
stuff.  "I'd better get outta here."

	I screamed from surprise as the fire alarm went off, and fell over my 
seat.  <Calm down, Tenchi, it's just the fire alarm.  Of course, half the school 
has to be on fire before it goes off.  Those blasts of energy must have taken 
their toll on the building.  But what's that smell?  It smells like...  Like...>

	"GAS FUMES!!!"

	"So there you are, Tenchi," Ryoko said, walking through the opposite wall 
from me.  She created her sword again.  "It's time for your lesson, school 
boy..."

	"Stop it!  You'll cause an even bigger explosion, there's gas leaking 
somewhere!"

	"'Gas'?  Wha-what is 'gas'?"

	Oy.  I could just see it now.  The headlines would say _Outstanding 
Student Blown to Bits at Local School_.  If I'd known I was going to die today, 
I wouldn't have done that much homework over summer vacation!

	"I think...that I might just have an idea..." I murmured.  Pointing, I 
said excitedly to Ryoko, "What's that outside the window?!"  Oh, Kami-sama...  I 
just used the oldest trick in the book...  She was *not* going to buy that 
one...

	"Ooh!  What is it?  I wanna see!"

	I facefaulted.  Majorly.  Picking myself up, I crept back out into the 
hallway.  As I left, I heard her saying, "I don't wanna miss it!  Hey, I don't 
see anything..."  Running as fast as my legs could take me, I hightailed it 
outta there.

	That's when the explosion came, picking me off my feet once more and 
depositing me all the way down at the end of the hall.  There was no way she 
could have survived it.

	I clapped twice, and bowed.  Old shrine habit.  She was kinda cute, but 
I'd rather stick with Tsunami, and--

	My eyes bugged out as came sauntering out of the flames, her hair, 
clothes, and body covered in soot and ashes.

	"Hey!" she barked at me.  "What are you trying to do?!"  She dashed at me, 
passing by a mirror.

	"Oh!  My hair is a mess!  Look at my clothes!" she said, forgetting all 
about me and dusting herself off.

	"Thank Kami-sama..." I whispered, creeping out the front door of the 
school.  Once I got to the courtyard, I ran...

	...right into her, my face crashing unceremoniously against her...  Um...  
Bosom.

	"Catch!" she yelled, tossing another of her force bolts at me.

	This time, I had no way of avoiding it.  I braced myself for impact, 
praying that I would come out of this alive.

	But it never came.

	"Tsu-Tsunami?!" I exclaimed.

	Tsunami was there, standing in front of me with her arms extended...  
*Protecting* me...

	"Impressive," Ryoko said.  "Take this!" she launched at Tsunami, sword 
flashing.  But Tsunami was surrounded in a shield of blue, which Ryoko couldn't 
penetrate.

	"Damn," Ryoko cussed, her sword disappearing.  "Can't you even let Tenchi 
fight back?!"

	"I won't let you hurt him," Tsunami said a matter-of-factly.

	"If I had it my way, I wouldn't fight a monster like you!" I yelled at 
Ryoko.

	"Monster?!  What makes you call a pretty young girl like me a m-monster?!"

	"Oh, come on!  You can fly, you walk through walls, and you blow up 
things...!"

	"All very good reasons, but not good enough!"  She placed both her hands 
on the shield, sending energy directly into it, trying to exhaust Tsunami's 
power.  The shield began to crackle, spewing sparks in every direction.

	"Tsunami, be careful!  Don't hurt yourself!"  She didn't reply, too busy 
trying to ward off Ryoko's attack.  Her eyes narrowed, and she put more power 
into the shield.  I could see smoke coming from where Ryoko's hands were 
touching the shield, and suddenly she yelled in pain as the shield detonated 
from all the Life-force Energy it had absorbed.  Tsunami and I were unscathed, 
but Ryoko...

	Ryoko had lost both her hands.

	She stared blankly at us for a moment, then averted her eyes.  "Oh, well," 
she said sadly.  "Another day, another battle lost, that's the story of my 
life."

	"Uh, what about your hands?" I asked after a pause.

	"Hm?  Oh, watch."  She held out her arms like what *would* have been palm-
up if she'd still had her hands.  Crossing her forearms, her wrists began to 
glow red, and the hands regenerated themselves.

	"Good night," she said, bowing and disappearing into the ground.

	"Tsunami?" I said after we'd recovered from Ryoko's abrupt exit.

	"Yes, Tenchi?"

	"Thank you for rescuing me."

	"Oh, you're welcome, Ten--"  Another blast of flames from the burning 
school hit us from behind, knocking us off balance.  I heard the siren of fire 
trucks approaching.

	"Uh, we should probably go before they catch us with circumstantial 
evidence."

	"Right.  I have enough energy left to teleport us there."  She closed her 
eyes, and cast a teleportation spell.  The surroundings melted away, and I had 
the briefest glimpse of a fireman's face, his jaw open in awe.  Then, we were in 
the foyer, right inside the front door of my house.

	"That was a really cool spell.  Are you tired?" I asked.

	"I-- I need to rest now.  Fighting that Demon took a lot of my strength, 
and the teleportation just about took the rest."

	"You go ahead and rest, Tsunami.  You deserve it."  She nodded, and headed 
up the stairs to the guest room.  I walked into the living room, and noticed 
that piles of boxes which had originally been in our storage room underneath the 
stairs were laying around the room.  Dad and Grandpa were there trying to clean 
it up and reorganize it.

	"Hey, Dad, Grandpa, why are you cleaning it up?  You *never* clean 
anything up."

	My Dad turned to me.  "Well, Tenchi, you're finally home!  Washu's moved 
into the storage closet."

	"The closet's tiny!  She can't live in there!"

	"Take a look, Tenchi," Grandpa replied.

	I peeked in the storage closet, expecting to see the same old storage 
closet.  "WHOA!" I exclaimed.  It wasn't a storage closet anymore!  Instead, 
Washu had completely remodeled the inside, or something.  That's the only way I 
could explain it.  The room was huge!  It was even bigger than my whole house!

	"Oh, hello, Tenchi," Little Washu said, turning around from her laptop.  
She was sitting on a floating cushion, and her laptop was really strange, it 
seemed to be made out of something grey and translucent.  "I hope you don't 
mind, but I used my computers to reroute the destination from your storage door 
to my subspace laboratory."

	"Laboratory?  But you're a *Goddess*, not a scientist!"

	"Au contraire, I am both.  Tsunami must not have told you.  It goes with 
the Chaos thing, ok?  Anyway, I have to get back to work, so go to bed."

	Perplexed, I stumbled upstairs into my bedroom, collapsing on my bed.  For 
some reason, my bed seemed slightly lumpy.  I knew that Tsunami was in her 
bedroom, Dad and Grandpa were in the living room, and Washu was in her lab, 
so...?

	Taking a deep breath, I pulled back the covers slowly to reveal...

	"Mmm...  Welcome home, Tenchi," Ryoko said, smiling.

End of Chapter 3
