Tenchi-Muyo! (No Need For Tenchi!, This End Up) is (c) AIC * Pioneer LDC, Inc.
Aa! Megami-sama! (Oh My Goddess!) is (c) by Kousuke Fujishima, Kodansha, TBS and 
KSS Films. 


Aa! Megami-sama Muyo! (Ah! No Need For My Goddess!)
A Tenchi-Muyo! and Aa! Megami-sama! crossover fan fiction
By Luna Hinomura
http://fly.to/Luna's

Chapter 7: The Tenchi-ken

	"Ahh...  This is great, Tenchi," Dad said, sagging down into the warm 
waters of the hot springs the Inn was built around.  There were high walls on 
both the men's and woman's bathing areas to discourage voyeurs.  I didn't think 
it would stop my Dad, though.

	"Yes," my grandpa agreed.  He sagged down as well, enjoying himself.

	Hearing giggling noises, I turned my head to the left and stared at the 
wall.  That meant the girls had finally gone outside to take their bath as well, 
and Tsunami with them...

	"Tenchi?  Are you listening?"

	"Huh?  What did you say, Dad?"

	"I said..."  He leaned in to keep my grandpa from hearing.  "That we 
should go peeping, eh?"

	"Peeping?!" I exclaimed.

	My Dad brought his fist down on my head.  "Don't say it so loud, you don't 
want your great-aunt to hear, do you?"

	"Dad, we really shouldn't..." I said.  "Grandpa, say something!"

	"Have fun, Nobuyuki," Grandpa said.

	"Don't encourage him!"

	Dad only chuckled and climbed out of the spring, tying a towel around his 
head.

	"What's that for?" I asked.

	"Don't you know *anything*?  This is the standard attire for *peeping*!" 
he replied giddily, climbing on the rocks to peek over the wall.  I just stared 
at the water, angry and embarrassed.

	"Oh, hello, and what are you doing here?" I heard Ryoko say.  Dad yelped 
in fright, and landed back in the water, unconscious.

	"Serves you right, Dad," I said propping him back up so he could breathe.  
"You shouldn't be on that side, anyway."

	"Tenchi!  There you are!  Why don't you come to this side?" Ryoko said.  I 
looked up, realizing she was stark naked.  Erg...

	Too shocked to resist, I let her grab me by the arm and pull me up as she 
flew over the wall.  "H-hey!  Stop it!" I protested when she dunked me 
underwater.  The water on the girl's side tasted like icky oils and perfume, but 
with Ryoko sitting on my back, I couldn't help but to swallow some.  I felt like 
I was going to puke.

	When she finally released me, I brought my head back up and took a 
grateful breath of air.  Coughing, I wiped the water from my eyes and looked 
around.  Ryoko was standing right in front of me.

	I felt something warm trickling down my face, and I wiped it away, 
thinking it was water.  But it kept flowing, and it was slightly sticky, too.  I 
looked down at my hand.

	<Blood?>

	Aw, crap!  My nose was bleeding!  Of all the worst things to have 
happen...

	Ryoko grinned like a Demon, showing her cat-like fangs.  "So, you like 
this, don't you, Tenchi?" she asked, gesturing to her body.

	I turned around, holding my nose to stop the bleeding.  "No, not really," 
I tried answering as nonchalantly as possible.

	"Yes, you do," she contradicted.  "You were staring at me.  You have a 
bloody nose."

	<Oh, nothing, you just banged my nose against the rock when you shoved me 
into that water.  Or maybe the force of the water traveling up my nose made my 
blood vessels burst.  How about if it was from the G-forces when you flew me 
through air like that?  Why don't you just pick whichever excuse you like best 
and send me back over to the men's side?>

	"Ohh, Tenchi!" she cried suddenly, latching onto my back.  "I'm so 
embarrassed!"

	*She* was embarrassed?  What the heck did that make me, a sushi roll?  
Gritting my teeth, I tried to ignore the sensation of Ryoko's body rubbing 
against my back.  I could feel her grabbing the towel I'd tied around my waist, 
trying to dislodge it.

	"Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek!" I heard Ayeka shriek.  "What are you *doing*, 
Ryoko?!"  I looked up at her.  She was standing on the deck next to the spring.  
Luckily, she had a big towel wrapped around her, covering her chest and torso.

	"Tenchi and I are just playing together," Ryoko said, winking at Ayeka.  
"Don't you want to play with Tenchi, too?"

	"Uhh..." Ayeka said.  "Maybe later...  I mean, no!  I will not allow you 
to treat Lord Tenchi in such an disrespectful manner!"

	"What's so not respectful about two people having--"

	"Quiet!" Ayeka screamed, covering her ears.  "Ugh, you are a disgusting 
woman."

	"Tenchi?  You're here, too?" Tsunami said, as she, Big Washu, Mihoshi, and 
Kiyone came out and join Ayeka on the deck.  Like Ayeka, the others all had 
towels wrapped around them.

	Oh, no...  I didn't want Tsunami to see me like this!  I couldn't believe 
that Ryoko was acting so selfish.  Didn't she realize how much it would hurt 
Tsunami to catch us with this circumstantial evidence?

	"T-Tenchi?  What are you doing?" Tsunami asked.

	"Oh.  Tenchi.  Aren't you supposed to be on the men's side?" Big Washu 
asked.

	"Yes!  Let me go back!" I wailed, hoping that if Tsunami would see me 
struggling, she'd understand that I wasn't sitting in the spring with Ryoko 
because I *wanted* to -- she just didn't give me a choice.

	"You are annoying Lord Tenchi," Ayeka snorted, taking her hands off her 
ears, "and I can clearly see that he does not like your attention."

	"Aw, he's just a little embarrassed, that's all," Ryoko said.  "In 
reality, Tenchi and I were making love long before you came out here."

	"No!  No we weren't!  She dragged me into this!" I said.

	"Making...love?" Ayeka whimpered, then raised her voice.  "I don't believe 
it!"

	"Suit yourself," Ryoko said, turning back to hug me from behind.

	"Stop it!!" I yelled.  "Please, Ryoko!"  The weight on my back lessoned 
suddenly, and I saw Ryoko get thrown into the wall, giving a scream of pain upon 
impact.  Looking back at the other girls, I noticed Ayeka had her hand out, 
pointed towards us.  Her crown was glowing again.

	"Wasn't that a bit much?" Washu asked.

	"She deserved it," Ayeka said coldly.  "Are you all right, Lord Tenchi?"

	Tsunami and Washu splashed over to me.  "Tenchi?  Oh!  You have a 
nosebleed!  Does that mean you were being naughty?" Tsunami asked, giggling.

	Realizing that I'd released my nose in surprise when Ayeka had blasted 
Ryoko off my back, I blushed and covered my nose again.  "It's nothing, just the 
heat of this hot spring is getting to me."

	"Oh, come on, Tenchi!  Just admit it!  You were being naughty!" Tsunami 
persisted, with a giggle.  Washu laughed along.

	I sighed, hanging my head in defeat.  "Sorry for being naughty..."

	"There, there," Tsunami said, patting me on the back.

	"Damn you, Ayeka," Ryoko muttered, getting up.  "Why can't you stay out of 
my business?"

	"*Your* business?  How is Lord Tenchi *your* business?" she replied.  "I 
think you think I'm harmless, and if that's what you think, then *I* think 
you're gravely mistaken."

	"I don't get it," Mihoshi whined.

	"Shut up," Kiyone replied, her wings folded high on her back, probably to 
keep them from getting wet while she bathed. 

	"Am I?" Ryoko asked.

	Logs that resembled Azaka and Kamidake in shape but were much smaller in 
size began materializing around Ryoko, and Ayeka narrowed her eyes.  "Jurai has 
many things you can't even begin to understand.  You might have escaped Azaka 
and Kamidake, but you will never escape this."

	"Try me."

	Life-force Energy that looked like electricity gathered in the logs began 
to gather, then it all converged on Ryoko.  However, it didn't look like she was 
getting hurt.

	"Oh, stop!  Hahahaha!  That tickles!" Ryoko said, laughing.  "Oh, no!  
Hehehehehe!"

	The Life-force Energy stopped, but the logs stayed there.  "Enough!  This 
seems to have an opposite effect on you than the one I intended.  In fact, 
you're behaving like...  What's the word?"

	"A masochist?" Washu supplied.

	"Actually, little Princess, I'm more of a sadist," Ryoko said, baring her 
fangs again

	"Oh, does that mean you like to--" Mihoshi started.

	"Never mind!  That's unimportant!" Ayeka said, cutting her off.  Her crown 
began to glow again.  "That Life-force Energy you saw before was my own...  
Let's see how you handle the power of Jurai."

	The logs underwent the same process as before, but rather than chuckling, 
Ryoko began to scream in pain this time.  Ayeka only laughed.  "No Demon can 
withstand the Life-force energy of Jurai!"

	"Stop it, Ayeka!" Tsunami ordered.

	The logs stopped.  "Yes, Tsunami," Ayeka said softly, staring at Tsunami.  
As a matter of fact, *everyone* was staring at Tsunami.  No one had ever heard 
her raise her voice before.

	"Ha!  I'm free!" Ryoko said, fading out of existence and reappearing on a 
rock next to one of the walls.  "Now, you'll see why *I'm* called 'Ryoko,' the 
'Demon Caller.'  It's because I can call evil spirits from any object, animate 
or inanimate, and force them to obey me."  Ghost-like mists began coming from 
the rock, and floating around.

	"What an amusing show," Ayeka said, laughing.  The ghosts converged on 
her, but were deflected by her Life-force Energy shield.

	"Isn't it?" Ryoko agreed sarcastically.  "I think you'll *really* like 
this part."  Speaking in a strange tongue, she held her right hand up with her 
palm facing the sky.  The gem on her right wrist began to glow, and the spirits 
gathered, becoming a huge monster with four eyes, a large mouth, two large arms 
with claws, and thin, tiny legs.

	"Now!  Attack her!" Ryoko ordered, pointing at Ayeka.

	"..."

	".........Nothing's happening..." Washu said.

	"Huh?" Ryoko said, kicking the creature in the back of the head.  "Didn't 
you hear me?  I said 'attack her!' "

	Growling, the monster turned on Ryoko and slashed at her with one of its 
arms.  Ryoko faded out of existence barely in time, and reappeared on an 
adjacent wall.

	"You *dare* disobey me?!" she cried.  "*I* summoned you!  Take that!" 
releasing a blast of energy from her hands, it hit the monster in the chest and 
ripped a rent in it.  "Ungrateful beast," she said disgustedly.  "Huh?!"

	The circular rent in the monster's chest pulled together, and healed 
itself.  It looked around, deciding whom its next victim would be.

	Ryoko looked at her hands, then at her wrists.  "Oh no!  I have to have a 
gem on my *left* wrist to be able to control the monster!"

	Laughing, Ayeka began to insult Ryoko.  "I should have known your powers 
were useless!  Ah, hahahahahahahaha -- eh?"  She broke off suddenly, realizing 
the monster was heading for her.

	Everyone screamed and ran from the monster, dashing through the halls of 
the Kamidake Inn.

	"Oh, that's great," I said sarcastically.  "Lead the monster through a 
populated area so that it can destroy the entire building.  Simply brilliant."

	"Come on, Tenchi, you've got to use the Tenchi-ken!" Tsunami said.

	"Ah...  Why?"

	"If Ryoko can't control it, then neither can we, unless there are two of 
us working together.  Only Tsunami and I are powerful enough and are strongly 
connected to Jurai.  *We* have to be the ones cast the containment field over 
it, so *you* have to be the one to kill it with the Tenchi-ken," Washu 
explained.  "If we don't cast one, it will just pull itself back together like 
before."

	"What about Ryoko's sword, or Ayeka's?"

	"Ryoko's sword comes from the same Energy that summoned the monster, so 
they're on the same wavelength.  The creature would be able to reform itself no 
matter how strong of a containment field we cast.  Ayeka's depleted her Life-
force Energy too much already.  It *has* to be you," Tsunami said.

	"Right," I agreed, sighing.  I climbed out of the spring.

*	*	*	*	*

	"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!"

	Tsunami, Washu, and I followed the screams, trying to figure out where the 
girls had run.  Actually, we'd *been* following the screams for a while already, 
and haven't been able to locate anybody.  Of course, we'd wasted some time 
already when I'd gotten into an argument with the two over letting me get some 
pants on before I fought the monster.  We'd only seen glimpses of it since then, 
but the girls were running too fast for us to keep up.  Finally, we burst 
through the rubble of what was once the men's changing room.  My Dad and grandpa 
were nowhere to be found.  The monster had cornered the girls between two of the 
high walls that surrounded the men's bathing area.  We were at its back, and it 
didn't seem to have noticed us.

	"Now, Washu!" Tsunami said, and dashed off to the right, around the 
creature's left.  Washu ran around to stand at the creature's right.  They stood 
there on either side of the creature with their arms extended, and started 
chanting in the same language Ryoko had spoken in when she'd summoned it.  In 
fact, it sounded like the same language Tsunami had spoken when she'd gotten our 
mail that one night a while ago.

	A semi-spherical net appeared over the strange monster, and it shrieked in 
anguish at being captured so easily.  Big Washu and Tsunami were fighting to 
keep it from breaking free.

	"Help, us Tenchi!" Ryoko yelled.  I nodded, and looked down, staring at 
the Tenchi-ken in my hand.  Kiyone and Mihoshi were grasping each other and 
screaming.

	"Aw, I don't know how to use it!" I cried suddenly, shaking it and trying 
to get it to emit the same sort of sword Ryoko and Ayeka had.  The type of sword 
I saw when Ayeka and I were inside Funaho.

	"Tenchi!  Remember your training!" Ayeka yelled.

	Training?  My...training?  I'd practiced with the swords grandpa had given 
me ever since I was born...  Did that mean Yosho had passed on his skills since 
the time, 700 years ago, he'd come to this planet?  Did that mean that *I* was 
to pass on Yosho's skills?  Were his skills in my blood, my genes?  Was it my 
destiny?

	"Ah.  I remember," I said, closing my eyes and envisioning the sword 
igniting with an azure glow.  When I reopened them, I was startled to realize 
the sword had indeed come alive.

	"Look at that!  He's Yosho's descendant, all right!" Ryoko exclaimed as I 
dashed in, the Tenchi-ken blazing.  The creature couldn't see me, since I was 
behind him, and I leapt to his head.  Sensing my presence, the monster moved 
around, trying to evade me.  Its struggles came to no avail.  Starting from the 
very top, I slashed the monster in two, and it disappeared with a scream of 
defeat and the smell of sulfur.

	Releasing the containment field, Washu dusted off her hands.  "Having a 
foolish daughter means more work for Mom!" she said, smiling at Ryoko.  "By the 
way, I'm sure all the guests loved seeing you prancing around in that birthday 
suit."

	"Sorry, *Mom*!" Ryoko said angrily.  Looking down, she realized that she 
was still naked.  Shrugging, she conjured up a new outfit.  "That was great, 
Tenchi!" she said.

	"Lord Tenchi, that was *wonderful*!" Ayeka exclaimed at the same time.

	Well, maybe having a bunch of girls on vacation with me wouldn't be so bad 
after all.  I felt great, and humbly accepted all their appraisal.

	"What did you say?" Ryoko yelled.

	"I am simply congratulating Tenchi on his win," Ayeka said.  "It has 
nothing to do with you, regardless of what you may think."

	"Oh, yeah?  Ya big, fat, copycat!"

	"Who are *you* calling 'fat'?!"

	Then again, maybe not.

End of Chapter 7
