                           Angels, Heaven, and Earth
                                by Ken Arromdee

                                   Chapter 2
                                   Suspicion

    "So, Akuma, I hear your job was a bust", said Touji.  "It went crazy and
blew up.  I guess you're not a pilot any more, right?"  He glanced at his
lunch, wrapped with a nice pink ribbon, then quickly tore the ribbon off and
crumpled it up inside a piece of paper.

    "I'm still on standby, but basically, yeah", replied Akuma.

    "Well, I guess you're one of us now."  Touji laughed.  "You're just like
poor Kensuke.  Wanting so bad to be a pilot, and then all of a sudden..."  He
snapped his fingers.  "Nothing!  Don't worry, lots of guys want to be pilots,
but most of us can't be.  You're too normal to be a pilot anyway.  And me, I
wasn't chosen, but I really don't care."

    "Are you sure about that?  I mean that you don't care, not about the normal
part."

    "'Course I'm sure, Akuma.  Tell me, what was it like?"

    "They put you in a plugsuit, and then they put you in a tube where you have
to breathe liquid, and then you control the Eva.  I didn't get much chance to
control it.  It was taken over by an Angel.  We all want to pilot Evas, but
that Angel wanted to do it so badly that if it was human it probably would
have been willing to wash dishes for a month for the chance."

    "Go on", said Kensuke, pulling his chair up to Akuma's desk.

    "Well, um, there's not much after that.  It felt really bad and then I got
rescued by Shinji."

    "Don't feel bad", said Kensuke.  "Me and Touji also got rescued by Shinji
once!"

    "Hey, don't tell him that", said Touji, nibbling bits of food.  It really
didn't taste that terrible, he thought.  Hikari tried, anyway.

    "Maybe I can ask Shinji about what happened...", said Akuma.

    "No, that's okay", said Kensuke.  "Do you know how dull Shinji is?"

    "I'm not dull", said a voice from three desks over.

    Kensuke leaned over to whisper.  "He's dull.  He's never even gotten to
first base with Rei.  He doesn't even look at her.  I saw you looking at her
yesterday...  maybe you can get a date with her.  Shinji's never gonna."

    Touji laughed.  "Kensuke, don't tease Akuma.  None of us could ever get a
date with Rei.  She's creepy anyway."

    "Maybe a new boy will bring something out in her", said Kensuke.  "C'mon,
Akuma, ask her out."

    "I...  I don't know, I just met her and..." said Akuma.  "Maybe I'll talk
to her, get to know her better first, and I'll ask her some other day."

    "That's the spirit!" said Kensuke, patting Akuma on the back.

                                *   *   *   *   *

    Ikari Gendo sat at his desk.  He was alone, except for Rei.  She always
reminded him of Yui a bit, but just a bit, like a photograph, faded from being
in the sun for years.  He thought about the events of the previous day, that
child, and the Angel hidden in the Eva.  Were Seele's suspicions right?  When
the boy arrived and went to them, they had done another scan, and it gave the
same results as the last time.  Potential for an AT Field of incredible power.
Yet he had shown no unusual actions.  Unless...  that other Angel, the one in
the Eva.  What if he didn't _want_ to be seen as unusual yet.  He would
probably synchronize with the Eva strangely, so he brought the other Angel in
to kill it, to avoid blowing his cover.  It fit perfectly.

    Only, why would a being 2500 years old, from the time of the Secret Dead
Sea Scrolls, bother pretending to be a 14 year old in the first place?  Maybe
he was partly human, in some way, like Rei.

    Rei continued sitting in front of him, patiently staring at the wall.

                                *   *   *   *   *

    Back "home", thought Akuma.  Back in a bare room with nothing to recommend
it.  That just _couldn't_ be right.  No carpet, no curtains, everything
spartan.  He could put up a poster or something, but that wouldn't really help
much.  And the room looked even worse after he cleaned it of his own dirty
clothes and food wrappers.  Maybe if he asked Gendo to give him a different
room, that'd work, but it was too late in the day for that.

    At any rate, he had to get out of the room.  It'd drive him crazy to stay
there.  Akuma concentrated and disappeared, rematerializing by another set of
apartments.  He knocked on the door.

    Asuka opened the door and said "We don't need any."  She looked behind
herself, where Shinji was approaching, waited for Shinji to get close to the
door, and then closed it on Akuma.

    Shinji opened it again.  "Akuma?"

    "Yep, it's me, Shinji.  I wanted to go over some of the homework with you
and Asuka.  Besides, I can't stay at my apartment.  You saw what it looked
like."

    Shinji nodded.  "Come on in."

                                *   *   *   *   *

    "Shinji, are you okay?" asked Akuma as he sat on the floor, laying out
papers and books haphazardly in front of himself.  "You seem a little down."

    "He's always like that!" said Asuka, sitting across from Akuma with her own
stack, soon unstacked.  "I thought you two already met."

    "I was just trying to cheer him up.  He did save me from the Eva yesterday
and I thought I'd try being friendly.  You know, maybe you should try that
too someday, Asuka."

    "If I had saved you instead of Shinji you might have still been a pilot
today."

    "You sound like my aunt Aeka."

    "Is that a compliment, Mr. Demon?"

    "Not really."

    "At least you have a family.  I've never heard of anyone around here having
a real family.  So could you tell me about them?"

    Akuma tried to figure out what best to say, since he really didn't want to
say too much.  Half the people in his family were too old for him to just
casually mention them without being very careful.  He couldn't mention Jurai,
or trees, or where Mayuka was from, or exactly how people like Aeka and Sasami
were related to him.

    Shinji caught wind of Akuma's hesitation; he wondered just what kind of
horrific family secrets Akuma had.  Akuma could have been an abandoned child,
alone until he was adopted by the Masakis.  There might be people in his family
who were sick, or insane, or autistic, worse even than Rei.  Mustering the
courage to speak out, for once, Shinji stopped Asuka. "He came here to do
homework, Asuka."

    "So?" answered Asuka.  "Who says we can't talk before doing homework?"

    "No, no, Shinji's right", said Akuma.  "I think we'd better get going on
the homework.  By the way, did you start it already, Asuka?"

    "Oh, I...  not yet, but it shouldn't be hard."  Asuka laid out her books
and notes on the floor mat.  She turned towards the relatively silent Shinji
and asked him with a sneer "Did you misplace them, Shinji?"

    "Asuka", said Akuma, "stop that.  Shinji's our friend and you have no
reason to treat him this way."  Glancing at Shinji he added "Shinji, please
slap her, okay?"

    "But I can't..." answered Shinji.

    Akuma sighed.  "I didn't mean that.  Everybody takes things so seriously
around here."

                                *   *   *   *   *

    "Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii", said a voice from the entrance.  Akuma recognized it
was Misato even before she opened the door.  "Who's taking things seriously
around here?" she asked, while walking to the fridge.  Misato pulled out a
beer, sat down in a chair, and let out a sigh of relief after her long, hard,
day.  "Oh, you have a friend over?" she wondered.

    "I'm Akuma", said Akuma, looking up from his papers.  "I was the Fourth
Child... once.  We met then.  I'm just here for a homework session."

    "Oh, I know who you are", replied Misato.  Can I get you three something?
Some ramen maybe?"

    Akuma began to announce his agreement.  It wasn't wonderful food, but he was
starting to get hungry.  Not that he could ever get _really_ hungry.  "I..."

    "We're not hungry", replied Asuka, speaking for everyone whether they
wanted her to or not.  Unfortunately for Akuma, that included him.

    So much for food, thought Akuma.  Of course, he could always ask her again,
but the others were already assuming that dinner wouldn't be served at the
moment.  They knew what to expect from everyone else, just like everyone at
home; they really were like family.

    "Say, you seem to know each other pretty well", asked Akuma.  "Shinji...
anyone...  you know Rei too, right?  Could you tell me a little about her?"

    "Wonder Girl?  Hmmph", answered Asuka.  "Yeah, I know her.  She's hardly
human.  She never has any ideas of her own.  I'll bet if Commander Ikari
ordered her to kill herself, she would."

    "Do you know what kind of movies she likes?"

    "What kind of a question is that, Mr. Demon?" retorted Asuka.  "You're not
going to ask her on a date, are you?"  Akuma blinked, eyeing Asuka.  As Asuka
eyed him back, she came to a realization.  "Wait a minute", she said, "you
_are_ going to ask her on a date.  Well, she's not going to say yes, and if
she does you're not going to have any fun, so I wouldn't bother if I were you."

    "Hey, everyone in the class who's not a pilot is curious about her.  And I
just want to get to know her better...  Shinji, is Rei really like that?"

    "Shinji, you say, Shinji.  You know I'm here too?" complained Asuka.

    Akuma ignored the noise and waited for Shinji's answer.  "Well...", said
Shinji, "she's never interested in anything.  I've never even heard of her
watching TV, let alone a movie.  She doesn't have any hobbies and she doesn't
do anything for fun."

    "That sounds boring.  There has to be something."

    "Maybe you're right", replied Shinji.  "Maybe there is.  But it must be
hard to find."

                                *   *   *   *   *

    In an office, Gendou sat, hands clasped and head shadowed, thinking.  What
to do to find out the truth about that boy.  Well, there was one thing he could
try right now.  "Rei?"

    "Yes?"

    "Find out all you can about that boy Akuma.  Give me any information you
get, and don't tell anyone else.  If you have to ask him questions, do, but
don't make him suspicious."

    "I'll do that", answered Rei.

    "And here are the things for you to find out...."

                                *   *   *   *   *

    The first to finish was Akuma.  Asuka snatched his last sheet out of his
hands and held it up in front of herself, unable to believe it.  "You finished
first!"

    "Yeah, I finished first.  Is it bothering you?  You aren't even a half page
behind.  What's so important about finishing first?"

    "I don't see how you could do that.  Was your grandmother a super-genius or
something?"

    "Not something", responded Akuma.  "Look, I'm sorry... you're pilots and
I'm not and I know you've got other things to do so it's hard to concentrate on
your work.  I'm not trying to compete with you.  I'm not really part of your
group at all."

    "I don't understand", said Shinji.

    "I keep feeling like I'm, well, half pilot and half not.  Like I graduated
from school, but it turned out it was all a big mistake and now I'm back in
the class with everyone else."

    "You're starting to sound like Shinji without the Eva", said Asuka.

    "You're still a pilot if they ever bring in another Eva", said Misato.
"Besides, it's not all fun and games.  It's dangerous.  You could have gotten
killed yourself when that Angel cut off the oxygen supply and took over your
Eva."

    Akuma shook his head.  "But...  but...  Hey, Asuka, you enjoy being a
pilot, don't you?  You keep talking a lot about it and you seem pretty proud
that you do it.  It's fun, isn't it?"

    "It's only pilots like myself who can save Tokyo-2!" exclaimed Asuka.  "Of
course it's dangerous, but I can handle the danger!"

    Misato shook her head.  "Akuma, we're basically caught in the middle of a
war.  Don't ever forget that.  You got out lucky.  Now tell that to all your
classmates that are crazy about giant robots, okay?"

    She sounded a lot like Mom, thought Akuma.  Even drank a lot too.  "I,
well... okay."

    Misato grinned.  "Now that that's settled, what do you think of Tokyo-3?"

    "Um, I came here to do homework, but I think most of the people are nice,
except Commander Ikari...  sorry, Shinji..."

    "You don't have to be sorry.  I just wish he was different", said Shinji.

    "...  and all those guys at the Marduk Institute."

    "I didn't go anywhere like that before coming here", said Shinji.  "They
just sent me a notice and I came."

    "Mabe they changed their procedures?" wondered Misato.  "So what happened
next?"

    "Well, I came here to this room with a secretary and a guy hiding behind
the wall", replied Akuma.  "They asked me for a blood sample, gave me some
papers and pictures, and sent me over here.  It was a pretty long ride."

    Misato looked at Shinji.  Guessing what she wanted, Shinji said "No,
Misato, they never asked me for that, and I didn't go on any side trips."

    "Akuma, did you give them a sample?" asked Misato, as she got up and walked
to the microwave.

    "No, I, um, don't like needles", replied Akuma.

    And because of that, thought Misato, he refused to give a sample to a
bunch of people who he was obviously supposed to obey.  And they let it slide.
If only it was that easy for everyone else.  'Misato, go skip your date and
supervise the tests.' 'No.' 'Misato, here's a stack of paperwork.' 'I'm sorry,
I'd rather relax and have a few beers.'  She chuckled wryly at the thought.
"Well, that's good", she said, passing out cups of ramen to the starving
students.

                                *   *   *   *   *

    There was no mirror in this apartment, but Akuma didn't need one.  He split
in two and tried to psych himself up practicing in front of his second self.
"Rei, I'd like to know if you're busy Saturday evening."  "Rei, if you like
movies maybe we could go see something then."

    It was useless.  Oh, he could say it, and mime a smile back at himself,
but he didn't feel any less nervous.  And nobody ever saw Rei smile anyway.
Akuma gathered his books, combined his bodies, went to the cafeteria to grab
some breakfast, and walked to school.  He didn't dare save time by sleeping
and eating late and teleporting in instead of walking; if anyone saw him
eating so close to the start of class that he shouldn't have time to get there,
then found out he got there anyway, there would be hell to pay.

                                *   *   *   *   *

    School went on just like the last day, except that the novelty of having
the only ex-Eva pilot in the world was starting to wear off of the class, so
Akuma wasn't the target of quite as many questions.  Things were starting to
settle into a routine, which was rather boring in places, but which also gave
everyone a shared experience to talk and complain about.

    "By the way, do you know about the test tomorrow, Akuma?" asked Touji.

    "The what?"

    "The test tomorrow.  History.  The one that last week's study handout
covers?"

    "I wasn't here last week", answered Akuma.

    "Guess you have no choice but to get what you need and study, then", said
Touji.  He grinned.  "I'm sure it'll be as easy to get a date with Rei next
week as it is today."

    "Yeah, as in not at all either way", added Kensuke.

    "I haven't asked her anything yet!" said Akuma.  "She could always say
yes, you know.  Anyway I have to try to catch Commander Ikari.  I think that
they made a mistake with my rooms and I need to find him so he can give me some
better ones."

                                *   *   *   *   *

    School ended at 3, so there was still some time left over before all the
adults went home.  Or there would be if Akuma could ever _find_ Gendou.

    Spotting a man in a NERV uniform, Akuma yelled "Hey, mister!"

    "Hm?" replied the man.  "Are you looking for something?"

    "Yeah, I'm trying to find Ikari Gendou's office.  It's supposed to be
in the left side."

    "Can't help you", answered the man.  "I don't think he's anywhere around
here...  you could try the directory over there on that wall."  He pointed past
Akuma's shoulder.

    Akuma walked over to the directory as the man walked away.  It was...  oh
wait, Gendo was on level L, not left.  That meant a whole lot of walking, since
he couldn't very well pass through walls or teleport with all these people
around.  They did _not_ make it easy to find things in Tokyo-3.

    Forty-five minutes later, Akuma found Gendou's office and raised his fist
to knock at the door.  He paused, wishing he could ask his mother for help,
since she was much better at dealing with bureaucracy than he was, but Akuma
pushed the thought out of his mind.  He was away from his family in spirit,
even if home was a minute away by teleport, and he had to do things on his own
now.

    Akuma rapped at the door.  "Come in", answered a voice that was either
emotionless, or very, very, tired.

    Gendou gaped as his visitor opened the door.  That boy...  what could he be
here for?  If he was the seventeenth Angel, and had something against Gendou,
all his plans could be ruined.  Or he could be after Rei...  Gendou looked
to Rei, sitting silently next to his desk.  Gendou reminded himself that that
was _not_ certain, that that _could_ be just an ordinary child who has a freak
ability to set off SEELE machinery.  Having an Angel destroy his Eva could be
coincidence.  There was no need to worry; he was seeing too many phantoms.
Gendou watched as the once Fourth Child mimed his own facial expression,
hoping the boy wasn't toying with him.  Then the boy took his gaze off of
Gendou himself and looked at Rei instead.  He _was_ after her!  But for what?

    Akuma gaped at Gendou.  He was at the right place all right...  but what
was Rei doing here?  He smiled at Rei for a second, and turned to the
Commander.  "Hello, Rei", he said.  "I mean hello Commander Ikari but Rei too."

    "Hello", replied Gendou.  Rei only nodded curtly.

    "I'd like to ask...  Commander Ikari, there's a problem with my room.  I
must have the worst room in Tokyo-3.  Could you change it?  I mean to something
with some more windows and paint and curtains and carpet?"

    "Is that it?" asked Gendou.

    Akuma nodded in agreement to Gendou's shadowed face.  Was that man
deliberately trying to look intimidating?

    "Is that it?"

    "It...  it is", answered Akuma.  "I mean, no, it's not!  Rei, would you go
on a date with me?  This Saturday?  Uhh, two in the afternoon?  I don't know
what you like to do but I'm sure we can think of something."

    Gendou thought it over, looking at Akuma a bit suspiciously.  Rei gave
Akuma a similar look, until Gendou came to a decision.  He turned his face out
of the shadows, to Rei, and told her "Rei.  Do it.  And Akuma, I'll insure you
have a new room by the middle of next week."

    Rei nodded to Gendou and answered "I'll go", not even looking at Akuma.

                                *   *   *   *   *

    The computer files whizzed by under Misato's touch.  She was no
professional with these systems like Ritsuko was, but still, she wasn't doing
half bad.  Here it was, Masaki Akuma.  Medical records on file, none; why was
she not surprised?  Parents, Masaki Tenchi and Ryouko.  Whoever invented those
names must have had a _weird_ sense of humor, she thought.  "Heaven and
Earth", "Demon Caller"...  that was like the NERV logo.  She could just
imagine some bored graphic designer who learned a little bit about what NERV
really did, sneaking that fig leaf onto the logo.

    As well as no medical record, the kid had no school record--of course.  And
he was sent here directly by "Marduk Institute Committee I".  The Marduk
Institute, Misato had learned, was just a cover for the higher-ups at NERV.
But none of the other kids had the "Committee I" note in their file.

    It all pointed to one undeniable fact: someone planted the kid here.  Time
for a big drink, and then a nasty hangover, and then for some real
investigation.  Of course, she could just go demand an explanation from
Gendou.  But that would only waste everyone's time: hers, his, and the time of
all the people that would get assigned to watch her closely for the next few
weeks.

                                *   *   *   *   *

    "Akuma, you're serious?  Rei said she'd go on a date with you?" asked
Shinji.

    "Honest, she really did", replied his friend.  He was glad, at least, that
Shinji seemed to be talking a little more, getting out of his depression.
Except right when Akuma had met Shinji, he'd been like that for at least a
week.  "But it was strange.  There she was in Gendou's office and he told her
to do it.  Like he was her father or something...  No, not even that.  Like it
was some kind of official duty and that's all she knew how to do."

    "Oh."

    "Is there any girl you like, Shinji?"

    "Uhh..."

    "Maybe that German girl Asuka?  You and her are husband and wife, arguing
so much."

    "I wouldn't know.  I haven't lived in a house with a husband and wife since
Mom died ten years ago."

    "Oh.  I'm sorry, Shinji.  It's not really true, anyway.  Mom and Dad don't
act like that.  Though Mom and Aunt Aeka are like that... sometimes they argue
but they're really pretty good friends."

    "So you think someone can seem not to like you but they really do, Akuma?"

    "Sometimes people don't act the way they feel.  But sometimes they do.  If
someone doesn't seem to like you it can be either one."

    "I never learned to tell the difference, Akuma.  I'm not sure there really
is one.  If someone acts like they don't care, does it really matter if they
feel something else and they're hiding it from everyone?"

    "I don't know, but Asuka can't be that bad.  My sister was like that when
she was Asuka's age.  She got over it."

    "Asuka?" replied Shinji, puzzled.  "Oh, Asuka.  Right."

                                *   *   *   *   *

    Still without a mirror, Akuma combed his short black hair while split, and
remerged carefully so as not to disturb it.  He had his best clothes on and he
figured out where he and she could go.  But in his haste he had missed something
very important.  Would they meet at her place or his place?  And it was
already five minutes before two.

    As Akuma paced by the door, there was a knock on it.  He hoped that it was
Rei; if Rei didn't come soon, he'd have to try to teleport to her place and
hope nobody saw him.

    Akuma opened the door and let his guest, who was indeed Rei, into the
room.  "Uhh, sorry for the way my room looks, Rei.  It's the room they gave
me, I admit it's not much of a place to stay."

    "You have a place to sleep and a place to sit.  You can turn on the light."
said Rei.

    "But it's hardly a room.  Aw, forget it.  I was thinking of going to the
mall and roller-skating."  He remembered that Rei didn't have a lot of
interests.  "Have you ever done that before?"

    "No", replied Rei.  "What is your purpose?"

    "Excuse me?"

    "Your purpose for coming to NERV."

    "Huh?  Rei...  let's go, okay?  We can have some fun."

    "Fun...  Shinji once asked me about that", said Rei.

    "Did I...  did I say something wrong?"

    Rei shook her head.

    Akuma took Rei's hand gently and led her outside, then dropped it as he
locked the door.  She followed along; at least she liked him enough to do that.

                                *   *   *   *   *

    Akuma gripped a bar on the side and pushed himself out onto the rink.  Rei
followed behind him, and he glanced back at her every so often.  For someone
who never did it before, he thought, she's pretty good.

    He rounded a corner and felt his feet slide apart.  Oops...  bad angle.
Akuma flailed around in the air and fell to the ground, unable to fly, fall
through, teleport, or escape his predicament in any other way that he could
have done in private.  With a *whomp*, Akuma landed flat on his behind.

    Rei just watched him silently, smoothly moving along with no fumbles.  When
she reached him a few seconds later, she bent down and pulled him up onto his
feet.

    Akuma laughed a little.  "I'm usually a little better than that."  Rei just
watched him, though.  "Oh, you're not going to say anything", he continued.
"That's good, I, well, I feel a little nervous with a girl telling me what I
did wrong...."

    "I have to say something.  Did you bring the Angel into Unit 04?"  This
disturbed Akuma, somehow, more than if Rei had just laughed at seeing his butt
hit the rink.

    Akuma had been expecting nothing, or maybe an "it's okay" remark, or maybe
even a nasty slap.  This, though, was out of left field.  "Rei, I don't get it.
Why are you asking me these things?"

    "I can't say."

    "You know, you are pretty good at skating, though.  A natural."  Akuma
watched for a smile, but it didn't work.  "Are you having fun?" he asked, as
he started skating again and Rei followed.

    Rei thought it over for a half lap, guessing what the teenager meant.
"Yes", she replied.

                                *   *   *   *   *

    Akuma could only get so tired from normal activity, just like he could
only get so hungry.  Still, he eventually got tired enough and hungry enough.
Rei stood on her skates, less affected than he was.  How could he tell when she
was tired of skating when she never said anything meaningful?  "Rei...  would
you like to stay here or should we go get something to eat?" he asked.

    "I don't care.  I usually eat at this time", replied the albino.  "By the
way, do you understand what you are?"

    "I guess if you eat now, let's eat then.  I don't understand the rest of
that."  A sudden thought came to him.  "Rei, do you like me?  Are you trying to
drive me off?"

    "Drive you off?"  She seemed honestly puzzled by the concept.

    "By never talking and by asking these funny things."

    "That's not it", answered Rei calmly.

    "Then I don't understand.  Did someone tell you to ask me questions?"

    "I can't say."

    Akuma shook his head.  "Just forget it, okay?  Is there anything special
you eat?"

    "I don't eat meat."

    So she has a quirk, anyway, thought Akuma.  It makes her seem a little more
human.  "I'll eat almost anything.  Well, except natto.  How about a teriyaki
soy burger and some fries?  It's only fast food but I'm paying, and it has to
be better than cafeteria food."

    Rei nodded.  But she didn't say anything.

    "Rei, I really wish you'd...  open up a little more.  Why don't we go
somewhere and talk?"  Akuma hoped that Rei wouldn't think he was trying to take
advantage of her, but he started to suspect that Rei never thought anything
that wasn't directly given to her.  "The sun should be setting now and there's
nothing but a lot of grass west of the mall.  We could sit there and watch it,
or something."

    Rei nodded.  Again.  Akuma got the feeling that things weren't going
particularly well.

                                *   *   *   *   *

    Akuma found a rock outcropping and cleared away a spot for Rei, then for
himself.  He handed her her food and drink.  "This looks like a good spot",
said Akuma.  "Maybe we can see the green flash", said Akuma.  "You're supposed
to be able to see this bit of green _just_ as the sun goes down."

    Rei nodded, while looking at the burger she was unwrapping.  "Uh-huh", she
said.

    "You've heard of it?"

    Rei nodded again.  "Uh-huh."

    "Never mind...  Rei, you've been pretty silent since you stopped asking me
your questions.  There has to be something you can talk about.  Where are you
from?  We don't know a whole lot about each other, you know."

    "I have always been here", she answered.

    "Did you ever know your parents?"

    "I don't have any parents.  Commander Ikari takes care of me."  Rei paused
and asked a question.  "What about yours, Akuma?"

    "You're not asking this because whoever it was told you to, are you?"

    Rei shook her head.

    Akuma thought.  He could talk about them safely if the conversation didn't
switch to great grandparents and royalty.  Besides, if he didn't say anything,
he'd look like an idiot in front of this girl.  "Well, my Dad teaches kendo in
a few rooms we built near the family shrine.  Mom is a prospector."

    "Prospector?"

    "Yeah.  She goes out into spac--  into the mountains, I mean, and looks
around for minerals.  She finds a lot of really valuable stuff that nobody
else ever can."  I'm too nervous, thought Akuma.  Have to calm down.  "I have a
sister, Mayuka.  She's a college freshman, she's studying political science
like Sasami did...  oh, Sasami's related, I guess you could say she's my aunt."

    "I don't have a family", said Rei.

    "Rei, can I ask you something?  I mean I hope you don't take this wrong."

    "What?"

    "Just talk.  Talk about something.  Anything."

    "Okay", replied Rei.  "The start of the Heian period..."

    Akuma raised a hand.  "No, I don't mean like that.  Something personal,
something which is what you really feel.  About anything."

    "I don't understand."

    Akuma sighed.  "Look at the sunset over there.  Do you think it's pretty?
Everyone likes sunsets."

    "I suppose it's pretty, then.  I understand you're trying to be nice to me.
Why do you do that?"

    "Because I'm supposed to be on a date with you.  And because I'm used to
being around happy people, not sad people like you and Shinji, not nasty
people like Asuka.  It just seems wrong for you to be like this.  You know,
yesterday Touji told me that I was too normal to have stayed an Evangelion
pilot.  I think I know what he meant."  Akuma gulped.  He watched Rei for
sudden outbursts, guessing, too late, that he shouldn't have said that.  "Rei,
I'm sorry, I don't mean that you're not normal...."

    "I'm not normal, Akuma."

    "You're not?"

    "No.  I know that.  But I don't know how I know."

    Akuma was about to reply, but glanced back to the sun.  Didn't want to miss
it.  "Hold on, Rei, look at the sun right now."

    Rei watched as the sun sank below the horizon, the uppermost tip turning
bright green for just a moment before it vanished.

    "If I kiss you now, will you tell Gendou?"

    "Yes", replied Rei.

                                *   *   *   *   *

    Yosho and Washuu wandered the streets of Paris.  Neither of them showed
their true ages, of course, but Yosho had long since given up looking old, and
Washuu had long since given up looking young.  As they passed a restaurant,
Washuu walked up to the menu and read it silently to herself, occasionally
glancing at a wristwatch that was her way of carrying around a dictionary.

    "You know, Washuu, I never thought my French would be better than yours."

    "You forget, Yosho dear, that I was last on Earth around 2500 years ago",
she said.  "French", added Washuu, "wasn't."

                                *   *   *   *   *

    "It's funny, Rei", said Akuma as he turned off a late-night sitcom rerun,
"I never met anyone who's never watched television before.  Never thought I'd
ask this about TV, but did you enjoy yourself?  Or what about the whole day?"

    "It was different, and you didn't answer his questions."  Rei didn't
explain who she was referring to.

    "Well, I guess I'll see you tomorrow.  I'm sorry you didn't have a lot of
fun.  If there's some way I can make it up to you...."

    "If there is, I will tell you", said Rei as she left.  "Goodbye, Akuma."

    "Yeah.  Goodbye, Rei."  If she had been any other girl, she would have been
brushing him off by talking that way.  But he thought it wasn't, for Rei, or
at least hoped it wasn't.  Well, he did get to meet Rei and be with her and
talk to her for a little while.  She didn't hate him.

    If only Rei could become a little more human, thought Akuma as he
teleported out of his clothes and onto his bed.

Next: Tidal Wave