Disclaimer: With the exception of the following: Ryusa, Tarik, 
Kinoe, Yiran, and Inod, I do not own any of the characters or 
creatures in this story. I am writing this only because I crave 
attention. Read my story, I'm begging you, please! Also please 
don't sue me, because I'm not making any money for writing this.
Alien Encounter
Kiyone leaned back in her chair and enjoyed the silence. 
With Mihoshi gone on a scouting mission things were dead quite on 
Yagami, and Kiyone loved it. No pointless chattering, no stupid 
questions, no messes to pick up. Kiyone could almost imagine that 
Mihoshi didn't exist. At least until she looked over at Mihoshi's 
computer screen. On it was a picture of the blond haired woman, 
her face smiling brightly while her hand waved back and forth. On 
the bottom it read, " I'll be right back". Kiyone ground her 
teeth together. She had tried eight times to delete that picture 
from the computer, but somehow Mihoshi had screwed up the system 
so that it couldn't be removed. Kiyone had no idea how she'd done 
it, and suspected Mihoshi didn't either. Kiyone shut her eyes and 
tried to will the picture away. 

Suddenly the navigational computer started beeping, warning 
her they were exiting hyper space. Kiyone sat up. Numbers 
scrolled by as the timer counted down the final seconds and then, 
with a slight lurch, she was back in real space. Kiyone powered 
up the weapon systems and began looking for the pirate base 
suspected to be in the area. The system she'd arrived in was 
small, only five planets. The two inner and the outermost planets 
were too inhospitable to set up a base on, so Kiyone only had two 
planets to check. She set a course for the fourth planet and 
started her scans. The world appeared to be devoid of life and 
was wrapped in a thick fog. The air was breathable, but only for 
a few minutes. While searching she came across an abnormality in 
the scans. It appeared to be a blank spot in the scan readout. 
Kiyone was about to dismiss it as a scanning error, but something 
stopped her. Kiyone ran a second scan and the same blank spot 
appeared again. She tried to get a visual image but the thick fog 
hid the planet's surface. After a minute of consideration, Kiyone 
decide to go down and check it out. Without being able to see the 
ground she couldn't risk trying to land Yagami on planet. Instead 
she programed in a course that would take her by the abnormality. 
Once over it she could use her GP-exosuit to reach the surface. 



After programing the course she set in a five minute delay 
and headed for the holding bay. A brand new, her original having 
been destroyed by Mihoshi while trying to catch Ryoko,  GP all 
environment combat exosuit sat silently, waiting.  Climbing in, 
she powered up the exosuit and ran down the check list. (Energy 
cell full, electronics at one hundred percent, weapon system 
normal, all systems ready), she thought. A warning light flashed 
and the doors started opening. Kiyone stood at the door's edge 
and looked down. She couldn't see anything but shadows through 
the fog. She checked the computer link.(Ten seconds to target). 
The timer ran down and Kiyone stepped out into the air. As she 
fell Kiyone activated the suits laser rangefinder. ( Three 
thousand feet to the surface). The suit's sensors indicated she 
was drifting off target so she fired up the engines to 
compensate. ( One thousand feet.) Kiyone increased thrust and her 
fall slowed. Suddenly the fog parted and the ground appeared. 
Twenty feet up she applied full power to the engines and halted 
her fall completely. Easing back on the throttle she brought the 
suit to a hover. She rotated around toward the target and applied 
some forward thrust, easing through the fog. 

Ahead a black structure appeared. As she got closer Kiyone 
realized it was a base. The domed structure was completely black 
and lacked any external features. It was rather small and Kiyone 
guessed that the base probable extended below ground. She checked 
the sensors and got the same results she'd gotten on Yagami. 
Whatever the base was made of apparently absorbed sensor scans. 
Kiyone took a deep breath and punched the throttle full forward. 
She activated the suit's cannon and prepared to dodge any 
defensive fire. However as she streaked forward nothing happened. 
No fire, no detectable movement. Kiyone throttled back and landed 
at the edge of the base. Still no activity. 

Kiyone started a cycle of the dome until she found a door. 
She almost missed the well hidden structure. She located the 
control panel and popped the cover off. She hacked into the 
system and  overrode the lock. The door opened and Kiyone stepped 
in. The door shut behind her and air filters kicked on, removing 
the planet's gases from the air. She scanned the area carefully. 
A long hall stretched out before her. Several doors lined the 
hall and there was an elevator at the end. She checked the rooms 
but most were storage spaces. She took the elevator down. As she 
suspected the real base was far underground. The door opened and 
she stepped out, ready for anything, or so she thought. The 
hallway before her was completely destroyed. Blaster and laser 
burns covered the walls, ceiling, and floor. Smoke hung in the 
air and most of the light panels were smashed or blowup.  Most 
amazing, several spots on the floor and wall had huge holes eaten 
in them. ( Looks like something melted through them). Kiyone had 
to engage the suit's engines to fly over some of the larger holes 
in the floor. She chose a door at random and entered the room. 
The room was no better off than the hall. Kiyone was about to 
leave when the sensors detected a life sign. She pressed further 
into the room, following the reading.  

Rounding a corner Kiyone froze. She couldn't believe the 
sight in front of her. The wall was covered in a black, resin 
like material. Stuck in the middle of it was a middle aged man 
with brown hair and very white, pasty skin. His head hung down so 
she couldn't see his eyes, but she was sure he was unconscious. 
She moved closer and could see long scratch marks along the side 
of his face. The sensors indicated there was no one else around. 
With a sigh, Kiyone opened the suit and climbed out. She 
carefully approached the man. Slowly she reached out and grabbed 
the top of his head and tilted it back. His eyes were shut and 
she noticed marks on his neck. It looked like someone had tried 
to strangle him with a rope or wire. Looking back at his face, 
Kiyone was shocked to she his eyes open. She let out a small 
scream and stepped back. The man just stared straight ahead, 
seemingly unfocused on anything. Regaining control, she tried to 
get his attention. " Hello, can you hear me?", she asked. His 
eyes sifted toward her and locked onto her face. 
" AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!" The man screams were beyond 
frightening. They scaled upward toward insanity. He began to 
struggle violently against his bonds. Kiyone stepped forward and 
grasped his shoulders, trying to hold him down.


" Sir! Please calm down! Hey it's okay, calm down!" Kiyone 
tried desperately to stop his screaming but to no avail. The 
screams became pain filled, and his struggling became even more 
violent. Suddenly his chest bulged out. Kiyone jumped back in 
horror. The bulge pressed out further as blood soaked through his 
shirt. Final, with a wet tearing sound, the mans chest burst out. 
From the hole a pale, worm like creature slithered out. Kiyone 
backed up as the creature hit the floor. It reared back and 
hissed at her, displaying it's silvery teeth. Kiyone drew her 
blaster and fired several shot into the creature. It's body 
burst, spraying greenish blood. A few drops landed on her left 
arm and her shirt sleeve began to smoke. It ate through the 
fabric quickly and began to dissolve the flesh below. Kiyone 
gritted her teeth to keep from crying out in pain. As she watched 
the floor surrounding the corpse bubbled and sagged. A sickening 
smell filled the air and Kiyone felt light headed. She leaned 
against the exosuit for support. She looked down and was ashamed 
to see she was shaking. She was suddenly filled with an 
overwhelming desire to get the hell out off the planet. ( No! Get 
a grip Kiyone. You can't just run away. There might be others in 
need of help and it's your duty to help them.) She climbed back 
into the exosuit and  her uneasiness lessened. The powerful 
device boosted her confidence. Kiyone knew no standard side arm 
could pierce the suit's thick armor. Along with the advanced 
sensors and deadly arm cannon, the exosuit had more destructive 
capability than many military units. Reentering the hallway she 
began to search for survivors. After conducting searches of half 
the rooms in the hallway however, it seemed that anyone who had 
survived the fight had probably fled.

*Beep*
Kiyone checked the sensors. The motion detector had picked 
up something.( Looks like there is someone left alive here.) A 
single dot moved slowly across the screen.( Range, fifty feet.) 
Kiyone looked up. There was a door thirty feet ahead. ( On the 
other side of that door)
*Beep Beep*
A second dot appeared. ( Looks like he's got a friend with 
him.)
*Beep Beep Beep*
A third dot joined the first two. Then a fourth and fifth 
appeared. Kiyone directed her other sensors toward them, but the 
results were confusing. ( Heavy molecular traces, but the 
computer can't place the species. No IR or electric field 
emissions. Astro scans negative. Radar is clear. What the hells 
out there?) 
*Beep Beep Beep Beep Beep Beep Beep Beep Beep Beep*  
Kiyone's eyes widened as the screen filled with dots. The 
unknown swarm was heading in her direction. ( Forty feet.) She 
leveled her cannon at the door. (Thirty feet) Kiyone's finger 
tightened on the trigger. (Twenty? What the hell!?) The range 
continued to decrease. ( Where are they!?) Sweat formed on her 
brow as she fought down the panic rising inside of her. ( What 
was that?) Kiyone could have sworn she saw movement through one 
of the holes in the floor. She peered closer. Something moved 
through the shadows. ( Their under the floor!) Kiyone set the 
cannon to full power and fired. The blast blew apart the flooring 
in massive explosion that showered the area in flaming debris. 
Thick smoke hid the blast sight. 



Kiyone dialed back the power and waited. For a second, 
nothing moved. Then, out of the smoke, they came. Black insect 
like creatures poured forth. They ran swiftly on long limbs, 
their spiked tail whipping in the air. They had long, tubular 
heads devoid of eyes, filled with dagger teeth. The nearest 
screamed, reveling a second pair of tooth filled jaws. At that 
point, Kiyone lost it, and her mind went completely blank. 
Fortunately, her training took over. She blasted the vile 
creature, blowing it's body apart in a spray of green blood. 
Where the blood landed, smoke rose as the foul secretion 
dissolved everything it came in contact with. Kiyone was on full 
autopilot, firing with reckless abandon. Alien bodies exploded 
and the whole hallway began to dissolve as gallons of acidic 
blood sprayed forth. Slowly, Kiyone's brain regained conscious 
control of her body. Her attack didn't relent in the slightest 
though. She continued to rain explosive death on the horde of 
demonic creatures. Her attention was only slightly pulled away by 
a faint movement at the edge of her vision. She glanced up. 
Several of the aliens were pouring out of a vent in the ceiling. 
She turned to face them as one of the creatures jumped toward 
her. Without thinking she snapped the cannon up and fired. The 
alien exploded and Kiyone realized her error. The creatures blood 
splashed over the exosuit and began to eat through the metal. The 
rest of the aliens jumped at her, landing around or on the suit. 
They struck the thick armor, clawing and biting, leaving deep 
scratches and holes in the metal plating. Kiyone swung at them, 
the powerful arm motors crushing their elongated skulls and 
hurling bodies into the wall. They slammed against the suit, 
jarring it and knocking Kiyone around. She grabbed one in a bear 
hug, crushing it. Another climbed onto her back. Kiyone ignited 
the engine and the creature fell off screaming as flames engulfed 
it. More aliens closed in from the right and she swung around to 
face them. ( Suit's sluggish. The acid must be eating away at the 
hydraulics.) 

The aliens were far enough away that she could blast them. 
Kiyone raised the arm cannon and pulled the trigger, but nothing 
happened. ( Oh shit!) She tried again and the gun sparked and 
exploded. The pack pounced on her. Kiyone fought then off as best 
she could, but the suit's slowness made it exceptionally 
difficult. ( Enough of this.) Kiyone activated the flight 
engines. The left engine however, did not come on. The uneven 
thrust produced by the right engine threw the suit into a 
corkscrew that ended up slamming Kiyone into the wall. The suit 
became wedged between the floor and the wall. The impact had 
stunned Kiyone and pushed the throttle to full. Stress caused the 
engine to explode. Flaming fuel sprayed forth, igniting the 
hallway and forcing the aliens back,  giving Kiyone time to 
recover. ( Shit! Hydraulics are practically dead, the engines and 
cannon are gone, and half the armors melted off.) She only had 
one option, ditch the suit. 

Kiyone fought to bring the suit to a standing position so 
she could open the back. Once out of the suit she took off down 
the hall. Glancing back she saw the aliens in hot pursuit and 
gaining fast. Rounding a corner she saw an open door ahead of 
her. Kiyone dove inside, striking the close button on the way. 
The door slid smoothly, only to be stopped dead as one of the 
aliens thrust it's hands inside. It stuck it's head in through 
the gap and growled at her before it started to slid the door 
back open. Kiyone drew her blaster and fired right down it's 
throat, blowing it's brains out the back of it's skull. It fell 
backwards and the door began to shut again. Another alien moved 
to catch the door, but Kiyone shot it before it got close enough. 
Finally the door locked into place. Outside the aliens pounded on 
the door. Bulges appeared in the door as it bent under the 
strain. 



Kiyone exited the room through a door that led into a new 
hallway. This one wasn't as damaged as the first. She took off 
down the hall, not knowing were she was going, feeling totally 
lost and confused. As she passed a hole in the floor an arm shot 
out and tripped her. Kiyone fell hard on her face and her blaster 
skidded out of her hands. She lunged for it, but something 
grabbed her leg and jerked her back. She looked back to see one 
of the aliens holding her ankle. She twisted around and kicked it 
hard in the ribs. The blow barely moved the creature. It just 
squeezed tighter, sending pain shooting up her leg. It crawled 
over her, pinning her to floor beneath it. Kiyone struggled 
violently to push it off, but the alien was too strong. It's jaws 
opened and she could see it's inner jaws. Thick saliva ran 
through it's metallic teeth. The inner jaws opened and Kiyone 
shut her eyes. The creature screamed and Kiyone knew she was 
dead. She felt it's body suddenly drop heavily on her. There was 
no pain. Kiyone waited but nothing else happened. 

Finally she opened her eyes. The alien was laying on her, 
not moving. There was a smoking hole in the side of it's head. 
The wound was burnt shut, saving her from the alien's acidic 
blood. Kiyone was still recovering from the shock that she wasn't 
going to die when a man ran up to her. He was a tall man, with 
dark skin and long hair worn in a topknot. He had on combat 
fatigues and was carrying a laser rifle. Several other 
individuals ran up behind him. Most of them were dressed 
similarly and they all carried laser rifles. ( Pirates)
" Are you okay?", he asked. Kiyone just stared at him. " Hey 
lady, are you alright?"
" Get this thing off me!", she yelled. Four of the guys 
grabbed hold of the alien and pulled it off her. Kiyone tried to 
stand up but her legs refused to hold her weight. The dark man 
helped her to her feet and she had to lean against him to stand. 
" Hey hold it! She's a GP!" The speaker was a heavy man with 
blond hair and a thick beard. He pointed his rifle at her and 
from the look in his eyes, Kiyone could tell he planned to use 
it. Fortunately the man holding her up knocked the big mans gun 
aside.
" What the hell are you doing!?", the big man yelled.
" There's no reason to kill her", the dark man answered. 
" She's a GP"
" Who cares what she is, the important thing is she's here, 
which means she has a ship, which means she can get us the hell 
off this rock." By now Kiyone had recovered enough that she could 
stand on her own. 
" He's right, I can get you all out of here", she said.
" Correction, your ship can get us out of here, you on the 
other hand, aren't needed",the big man snarled at her.
" My ship's in orbit dumbass, how do you plan to get it down 
here with the access codes"
The big man opened his mouth as if to say something, but then 
shut it. The dark man spoke up.
" We can talk about this later", he said. " Right now we 
should get to a safer place."

The pirate group led Kiyone to an empty hazardous waste 
storage facility. " This is what you consider safe?", she asked 
skeptically. 
" The door and walls are five feet thick and are made of 
pure tetratitanium.", the dark man told her. " This thing could 
survive an anti-matter explosion without denting." Kiyone just 
shrugged as she followed them in, though she was very impressed. 
( Where the hell did they get that much tetratitanium?), she 
wondered. " I guess we should start by introducing ourselves", 
she said. " I'm Kiyone, first class detective in the Galaxy 
Police force." The dark man nodded and proceeded to introduce 
himself and his fellow pirates.


" My name is Ryusa", he said. He pointed to the big man. " 
This is Tarik". Next he introduced Kinoe, a young man, not much 
older than Tenchi. He had short brown hair and blue eyes. The 
only woman in the group was Yiran, a small but well muscled 
individual with dark skin and hair. Last was Inod, an elderly man 
with white streaks running through his red hair and bread. He was 
massively built with huge arms and shoulders. 
" Nice to meet you all", Kiyone said. 
" Whatever", Tarik scoffed. " Can we get to the point here. 
What do you need to do to get your ship down here and get us away 
from this hell." 
"I could use the communication equipment in my exosuit. 
Unfortunately, the suit was hosed down with a fair amount of 
alien blood, so there's a chance that equipment is damaged.", 
Kiyone replied. " We would have a better chance using your bases 
com system."
" That's not an option", Ryusa said.
" Why not?", Kiyone asked. 
Kinoe answered, " Cause that's were the bugs' nest is." 
" Nest?"
" Their very protective of it", Inod said. " We already 
tried to get there to send out a distress call. There were forty 
of us." He raised his hands to indicate the remaining pirates. 
" We're all that survived." 
( Holy shit!), Kiyone thought. Things weren't looking good. 
" Well then, we'd better pray the suit's unit is undamaged", 
Kiyone said. She held out her hand. " May I have my blaster 
back?" Ryusa handed her the weapon. He looked over at Tarik.
" Give her your spare rifle", he said. At this Tarik's face 
went red.
" Why the hell should I?", he bellowed.
" Because blasters blow those things up and when they blow 
up, acid sprays all over. Laser rifles seal the wound so that 
doesn't happen. And your  the only one of us with a spare." Tarik 
sputtered for a moment, trying to come up with a reason not to 
give his gun to Kiyone. Finally, with an angry snarl, he thrust 
the rifle at her. Kiyone calmly took the weapon, pissing off 
Tarik even more. 
" Ready?", she asked. 
" Lets go", Ryusa said.

Kiyone felt very uncomfortable. Leading a group of pirates 
through an alien infested corridor was extremely unnerving. Even 
worse was the fact that she was out in front, forcing her to 
trust the pirates not to shoot her in the back. She was also 
worried about what would happen once they were aboard Yagami. She 
knew what Tarik was planning. As soon as they could do without 
her, he was defiantly going to kill her. Kiyone was going to have 
to be careful. Up ahead she spotted what was left of her exosuit. 
" There it is", she said. 
Ryusa nodded and said, " Alright, see if the com unit's 
operational, we'll cover you." Reluctant to trust a group of 
pirates, Kiyone slowly climbed into the suit. She checked the com 
system and was happy to find it undamaged. ( About time something 
went right today.) She tried to contact Yagami but she only got 
static. She ran a second check and the suit indicated the com 
unit was working. She tried again and got the same results. ( 
Damn it. We're too far underground.) She climbed out of the suit. 
" We've got a problem", she said.

Back in the safe room, Kiyone and the pirate group struggled 
to come up with a plan to get the suit topside. It was too heavy 
to carry and the floor was too damaged to bring in anything big 
enough to drag it out. " Can't you just cut the com unit out of 
the suit", Kinoe suggested.


Kiyone shook her head. " The unit wasn't built to be 
removed. It would take hours even with the proper tools." She 
turned to Ryusa. " Don't you have any portable com equipment?", 
she asked.
" The only hand-held's we have are voice only units. They 
don't have the computer interface need to program your ship for a 
landing."
" What kind are they?", Kiyone asked.
" R- 380's"
" Those have orbital range capability right?"
" Yes but like I said, they don't have..." 
Kiyone cut him off. " They'll work." Ryusa gave her a 
confused look. " We can use them as a relay. Send the signal 
through them to my ship, that way I can use the equipment in my 
suit to create a landing program." 
" She's right", Inod said. " We can sent the signal down the 
hallway, up the elevator shaft, and down the surface hall."
" We should probably station someone outside the base, to 
make sure the signals clear.", Kiyone added. 
" So we'll need three R-380's", Ryusa observed. " Alright, 
lets do it."

The trip to the storage room was thankfully uneventful. " 
Found 'em", Kinoe called out. He pulled out three units and 
handed one to Ryusa, one to Tarik, and held on to the last. Ryusa 
turned his on.
" Good, fully charged", he said. He switched it off and 
clipped it to his belt. " Time to get going." 
" Man, I can't wait to the hell off this rock", Kinoe said. 
He walked to the door and pressed the controls. " You know, I had 
a bad feeling about this planet since I..." Kinoe's words were 
cut off as the door opened and an alien lunged inside. Kinoe 
never had a chance to react, he didn't even have time to scream. 
In a spray off blood the alien gutted him, naval to throat, a 
corpse before he hit the ground. Kiyone reacted first, raising 
her gun and burning a hole through the creature's chest. It fell 
to floor, wounded but not dead. It screamed horribly and Kiyone 
shot it again to shut it up, though she'd rather had let it die 
slowly. While she hadn't know Kinoe, Kiyone didn't think anyone 
should have to die like he did, even a pirate. Ryusa slowly 
walked over to Kinoe's body and removed the com unit form his 
belt. 
" Lets go", he said softly. They filed out of the room. As 
Tarik passed the dead alien he gave it a swift kick in the head 
and spat on it.
" Son-of-a-bitch"

The group managed to get back to the exosuit without 
incident. Kiyone powered the suit back up and accessed the com. " 
Switch the R-380's to frequency 67.869 and set for tight beam 
transmission." Ryusa nodded and started toward the elevator.
" Tarik and Yiran, your with me. Inod, you protect Kiyone." 
The old man looked at Kiyone and smiled.
" Me protecting a GP, never thought I'd see the day.", he 
joked. 
As they reached the elevator Ryusa said, " Alright, you two 
head up. Once your on the surface you'll have to jam the doors 
open cause I'll be calling the elevator back down. I'll open the 
maintenance hatch on the roof so we'll have a clear path." Tarik 
and Yiran took the elevator up to ground level. 


" Go open the door, okay", Tarik said. Yiran headed down the 
hall. The elevator doors started to close, but Tarik used his gun 
as a brace. Suddenly a terrible stink entered the air and it 
became uncomfortable to breath. The planet's atmosphere was 
pouring in through the open door.
" Hurry up down there", Tarik yelled. He coughed on the toxic 
air. 

" Ready Kiyone?", Ryusa called out. 
" Ready", she said. Kiyone activated the com. " We're 
getting some static, see if you can't line up the 380's better."
Ryusa yelled up the shaft," Hey Tarik, bring yours inside 
the shaft. Above ground, Tarik thrust his arm over the jammed 
gun, placing the 380 as precisely over the opening in the 
elevator roof as he could.
" That got it", Kiyone said. She accessed Yagami's flight 
computer and programed in a flight plan that would bring the ship 
to a hover just outside the base. " That's it, we're out of 
here." She jumped out of the suit and grabbed her rifle. " Lets 
go." 
 	
Tarik heard Kiyone call out that she was done and let out a 
sigh of relief. He yelled over his shoulder," Looks like we're 
actually going to get out of this alive Yiran." There was no  
answer. " Yiran?". Tarik turned around to find Yiran was gone. 
The 380 laid on the ground in a puddle of blood. " Oh shit." A 
low hiss came from the ceiling. Tarik didn't bother to look up, 
he knew what was there. Spinning quickly he grabbed his rifle and 
yanked, but the doors wouldn't release the weapon. Long arms shot 
down and sharp claws dug into his shoulders. The arms picked him 
up off the ground. " Let go you piece of shit!" Tarik thrashed 
and kicked violently, but only managed to dig the claws even 
deeper into his flesh. There was a snarl, followed by a dull 
crack as something smacked into the back of his skull. Tarik felt 
all the strength leave his body. A warm feeling flowed down his 
neck and slowly, everything went dark.

" Tarik! What's going on up there!", Ryusa yelled. He had 
heard Tarik yelling and saw something thrashing about just 
outside the doors. " Tarik, answer me!" Something wet dripped on 
his face and Ryusa wiped it off. His hand came away streaked red. 
"Oh no, no, no!" He looked backed up. A dark shape leaned in the 
door. Ryusa swung his rifle up and sent a stream of deadly energy 
through it's throat. A second alien moved in to replace the first 
and Ryusa killed it, but three more appeared. The aliens swarmed 
into the shaft. Ryusa leapt from the elevator and sprinted down 
the hall. The aliens poured out of the elevator like a black 
wave.

Kiyone and Inod opened fire on the swarm, slowing them down 
and allowing Ryusa to get away. " Lets go!", Kiyone yelled. All 
three of them ran down the hall with the aliens close behind, and 
gaining. Kiyone reached the end of the hall first and slammed the 
door open. Ryusa followed her in a second later, but Inod had 
fallen behind. Kiyone saw he wasn't going to make it, the aliens 
were too close. He must have realized it as well for he suddenly 
stopped and turned, bringing his laser up and burning down the 
lead alien.
" Go on! Get out of here!", he yelled, slicing an alien in 
two. He had thrown the power controls to full, allowing him to 
generate a constant stream that was cutting through the swarm 
like a sword, but which would drain the power pack in a matter of 
seconds. 
" Inod! No!", Ryusa hollered. He was about to charge back 
into the hall when Kiyone grabbed him and pulled him back. 


" It's too late, you can't save him!", she yelled. Ryusa 
struggled with her before Kiyone spun and threw him over her hip. 
As he landed she turned to shut the door, only to have an alien 
stop it before the latch caught. Kiyone pushed as hard as she 
could, but she was no match for the creature's strength. The door 
was half way open when blade of light streaked through the 
opening. The alien screamed as it was cut in two before 
collapsing to the ground. Another scream filled the air, but this 
one was human. Kiyone quickly shut the door, cutting off the 
sound. As she turned around she was caught with a powerful 
backhand that sent her to the floor. Ryusa jammed his gun under 
her chin. He was trembling with anger. 
" Damn you, you bitch!", he screamed. " How could you just 
leave him out there?!" 
" There wasn't anyway to save him and you know it! He gave 
up his life to make sure we'd get away!", she screamed at him. " 
Shit, if there had been any chance of helping him I'd of been the 
first to try, but wasn't a fucking thing we could do!"
" No! We could have! We could!", Ryusa half yelled, half 
sobbed. " He didn't deserve to die, not like that" His hand was 
shaking uncontrollably and his voice cracked. The gun slid out of 
his hand and clattered to the ground. Ryusa fell back into a 
sitting position, bringing his knees up and burying his face in 
his arms. " Didn't deserve that", he whispered. Kiyone laid a 
hand on his shoulder.
" I know", she said. Kiyone wished she could think of 
something else to say. The silence was interrupted by a loud 
banging sound as the aliens began to attack the door. Dents rose 
in the surface and the frame cracked. " We got to go", Kiyone 
said, pulling Ryusa to his feet. She handed him his rifle and 
they took off down the hall.

Ryusa led them to a chemical lab. Heavy pressure doors 
sealed the lab off from the rest of the base, making it a 
relatively safe place. The lab was completely automated. 
Computers controlled several interconnected pieces of equipment. 
One only had to fill the chemical vats and turn the system on. 
Kiyone was sitting at an exam table while she let Ryusa treat her 
acid burnt arm. " There you go, that should help", he said as he 
finished. He had washed the wound with an antiseptic and covered 
it with a bandage.
" Thank you", Kiyone replied. She flexed her arm, testing 
the bandage. It still hurt, but at least she didn't have to worry 
about infection. " So, now what."
" Well, you got the ship down here, right?", he asked.
" It's down, but how are we going to get to it?", she asked 
back. " I really don't feel like trying to fight my way back down 
that hallway." Ryusa shrugged and hung his head. He glanced at 
the lab area, seeming lost in thought. Suddenly he brought his 
head up.
" I've got it!", he declared.
" What?", Kiyone asked, not knowing what he meant. Ryusa got 
up and walked over to were the chemicals were stored. " Okay", he 
started. " We use this lab to make Bliss, now if we..." Kiyone 
cut him off.
" What! You mean to tell me your drug dealer?", she half 
screamed.
" Hey, the life of a pirate encompasses many areas.", he 
countered
" Yeah, but Bliss! I mean my God, do you know what that 
stuff does to a person?"
" Sure. It heightens sexual feeling and desire, while 
providing the user with empathic abilities so they can experience 
the feelings of their lovers. It can also..."


" No, I'm meant the long term effects. I'm talking about the 
damage it causes to the brain and the genitals. How it can cause 
horrible defects in children conceived during sex under the 
influence of it. Or how three out of five long term users become 
rapists." Kiyone's face twisted in disgust. " How could you 
possibly help make and distribute that stuff?" Ryusa's faced 
dropped and Kiyone could swear he looked hurt. 
" Kiyone, I'm a pirate alright. I live on the other side of 
the law. It's not easy and sometimes you've got to do things you 
don't like to do to survive in this business. If I don't make a 
sufficient profit, I don't get fired, I get punished. And 
punishment usually involves a great deal of pain, if you get what 
I'm saying. If I mess up, it could quickly cost me my life. You 
GP's have really been cracking down on us lately and it's been 
costing us. To make up for it, we had to find another source of 
income. You probably won't believe me, but I don't like doing it. 
Stealing from people I can handle, if things go well no one gets 
hurt. Drugs though, I know people are going to get hurt, it's 
just how it is. So yeah, I'm a drug dealer, but it's only because 
it's all we've go left." Kiyone found herself believing him. 
 " Hey, Ryusa. I'm sorry for going off on you. Just forget 
about it. Now you said you had a plan?" Ryusa glanced sideways at 
her. 
" Yeah, I think so." He took a deep breath before 
continuing. " One of the chemicals used to make Bliss is T87-R. 
It vaporizes instantly at room temperature and is highly 
flammable. If we dump it in the ventilation system it will spread 
throughout the whole base. After that, one spark and the whole 
place will go up. The lab area is completely sealed off from the 
rest of the base to prevent air born chemicals from getting out. 
It also prevents any from getting in. The doors are pretty heavy, 
and they should protect us." Kiyone thought about it. 
" It's a good plan, but it has two flaws. First, how are we 
going to get enough T87-R into the ventilation system?",Kiyone 
asked. " If the lab is totally sealed off, that means we'll have 
to drag several barrels of the stuff out of here and find a place 
to dump it were it will spread through the whole base. Second, 
how do you plan to light it? You can't just open the door and 
throw a match in the hall. We'd need some kind of remote 
detonator." Ryusa nodded in agreement. 
" Setting it off isn't a problem", he informed her. " The 
armory is just two doors down. We can get a detonator and some 
blasting caps. That should work well enough. As for spreading it, 
there's an air vent right outside. One of us can stand guard 
while the other pours the stuff."
" How long will it take to spread through the base.", Kiyone 
asked. Ryusa shrugged his shoulders.
" I don't know. If we dumped it in one of the main airways 
it would take less than an hour. The one out there is a side vent 
so it will take longer." He paused in thought. " I would give it 
four hours to be safe."

Kiyone stood guard as Ryusa dumped the chemical into the 
vent he had pried open. The stuff smelled like oil and it made 
Kiyone dizzy. ( No, got to stay focused. I can't afford to let my 
guard down, not even for a second.) She shook of the effects of 
the fumes and checked the hall. No movement to be seen, but she 
knew that wasn't a guarantee of anything, not with these 
creatures. 
" Okay, that should do it", Ryusa said as he stood up. He 
swayed and placed a hand on the wall for support.
" Hey, are you alright", Kiyone asked. Ryusa turned toward 
her and she saw his eyes were red and watering. ( He must of got 
a good dose of that stuff while he was pouring it.)


"I'm fine", he said, waving his hand. He picked up the 
detonator and set the timer for four hours. Kiyone activated her 
wrist computer and did the same. " Go", Ryusa said, pressing the 
start button. Kiyone started her timer. Ryusa placed the 
detonator in the air vent and replaced the cover. " Lets get back 
in the lab"
" I'm all for that", Kiyone agreed. They both turned around 
just as an alien dropped from the ceiling. Kiyone brought her gun 
up to fire when she realized they had made a big mistake. ( I 
can't fire a laser now, it will set of the gas fumes!) " Run!" 
Kiyone sprinted down the hall with Ryusa right behind her. 
" What's wrong with the gun!?", he called to her. 
" If I had fired I would have cooked us!", she shouted back 
to him. She heard him curse and figured he felt stupid for not 
realizing it sooner. Kiyone risked looking back. The alien had 
taken back to the ceiling for the chase, but that didn't slow it 
down in the least. 
" Kiyone! I think we're far enough away now!", Ryusa yelled. 
( I hope so), Kiyone thought. She suddenly stopped, turned, 
and fired. The alien screeched as the beam drilled through it's 
skull and cooked it's brain. It died still hanging from the 
ceiling. 
" Lets get the hell back to the lab before more of them 
come", Ryusa suggested. Even as he spoke though, Kiyone was in 
motion. Her gun swung up, aiming over his head. The alien dropped 
before she could fire, just as Ryusa looked up. He threw his 
hands up in a feeble attempt to protect himself. The creature 
landed heavily on him, pinning him to the floor. Blood flew, 
splattering on Kiyone. 
" NOOOOOOOO!!!!" Kiyone fired, blasting the monster through 
the head. She fire again and again and again. She didn't stop 
until the rifle ran out of power. She tossed the gun at the 
smoldering corpse. She was about to pull out her blaster when a 
low hiss stopped her. She looked up and a black shadow fell to 
engulf her.



Kiyone's eyes refused to open. She could just lay there in 
the darkness. Her head was throbbing and her body felt stiff. She 
tried to move her arms, but something was holding her down. She 
finally managed to crack her eyes open. It seemed to take an 
eternity for her vison to focus. When it did, she felt like 
screaming. She was hanging from a wall, encased in a resin like 
substance. In front of her there was a leathery, egg shaped pod. 
She looked around, but fortunately there didn't seem to be any 
aliens nearby. She took a deep breath and strained against the 
hardened resin. She felt it bend and stretch slightly. She jerked 
her arms viciously and kicked her legs. She was so busy fighting 
for her freedom that she almost missed the movement of the egg. 
Her attention was caught by a wet sucking sound. She watched as 
the four corners of the egg opened like the petals of a flower. 
Inside she could just see a white membrane. It bulged and  a 
thin, insect like leg poked up. Kiyone began her struggles again, 
fighting desperately. Slowly the creature inside the egg made 
it's way out. It paused on the edge. It looked like a giant 
spider without a head. A long tail twitched behind it as it 
paused on the egg. Then it turned toward her. Kiyone screamed and 
pulled with her right arm, not caring if she ripped it out of the 
socket. There was a slight crack, and she felt the substance pull 
from the wall. The creature jumped, flying toward her face. 
Kiyone's arm came free and she swung, knocking the alien out of 
the air. It landed on it's back, but immediately righted itself 
and came back at her. It leapt again and Kiyone caught it. She 
held it out at arms length as it thrashed. It's tail shot out and 
wrapped around her neck. It tighten, cutting off her air as it 
pulled itself in closer. Kiyone vison blurred and she felt her 
arm tiring. The creature was just inches from her face now. 
Suddenly a long tube like structure jutted out and proceeded to 
jam itself into her gasping mouth. Kiyone nearly retched. The 
tube began to work it's way down her throat. Kiyone suddenly 
remembered the first man she found. She remembered how he was 
stuck to the wall, just as she was. The scratches on his face and 
the marks on his neck. She recalled how his chest had burst and 
the vile life form that had sprung forth. She realized now what 
the thing in front of her was doing. It was trying to lay an egg 
in her. The idea spurred new life into her and she thrust her arm 
back out, pulling the tube from her mouth. The creatures tail 
tightened further. With a choked off yell Kiyone raised the 
creature up, and smashed it against the wall. She pulled back and 
smashed into the wall again, and again, and again. The tail 
started to loosen. She kept slamming it into the wall. She didn't 
quite until the tail went slack and slid off from around her 
neck. She gave the creature one more good hit before tossing it 
as far away as she could.

Kiyone rested as she waited for her breathing to return to 
normal. She spit, trying to rid her mouth of the awful taste the 
creature had left. Kiyone began to use her free arm to break off 
the resin one layer at a time. As she worked she kept glancing 
back toward the crumpled alien, making sure it wasn't moving. 
When she was finally free she found her legs were refusing to 
hold her up. She sat on the floor, resting. While she sat there 
she noticed an odd smell in the air. It was an oily smell. ( Oh 
shit! The gas.) She glanced at her timer. She saw she'd been out 
almost three and a half hours. She had just over half an hour to 
get back to the lab. Otherwise, she was barbecue. She fought to 
her feet and checked the halls, trying to figure out where she 
was. ( Hell, I don't know anything about the layout of this 
place.) She found her blaster was still strapped to her side, and 
she thanked who ever had decided to choose blasters as GP 
standard issue.
(Blasters don't produce much heat so it should be safe to use.) 
She pulled her gun and picked a direction at random. She wanted 
to run, but that would be likely to get her caught again, or 
killed. Kiyone forced herself to settle for a fast walk. As she 
traveled she noticed more and more resin on the walls. She wasn't 
sure what it meant, but it was making her edgy. Something moved 
behind her and she lost it. She took off, running as hard as she 
could down the hall. She didn't know if anything was chasing her 
and she was too scared to look back. She burst out of the hallway 
into a large room and was halfway in before she saw what was 
there. The room was filled with alien eggs. 



Kiyone froze. She couldn't move at all. All around her the 
eggs sat, silent. None seemed to be opening and she hoped that 
maybe, they weren't mature yet. She was so focused on the eggs 
she almost missed the other thing in the room. A long, deep, 
angry hiss emanated from the corner of the room. Kiyone almost 
stopped breathing. She had to tilt her head up to look at it. The 
creature was huge. It's body was an over grown version of the 
normal aliens, with an extra pair of arms jutting from it's 
chest. It's head flared out at the back, producing an amazing 
frill. An impossibly long tail, thick as a man's leg, curled 
around behind it. Most noticeable was the bloated, slug shaped 
structure attached to the creature. Kiyone followed it around the 
room and watched as the end deposited a new egg on the floor. ( 
Oh my God! I'm in the middle of the nest! That thing must be the 
queen alien!) The queen let out a rumbling growl. Kiyone found 
herself shaking. She was sweating profusely and her breathing was 
coming in short, rapid gasps. The queen tilted her head and 
Kiyone followed it's blind gaze. She saw several dark shapes come 
creeping out from a side hallway. Kiyone raised her blaster and 
fired. The blast tore into the lead alien and shattered it's 
skull. The queen screamed and the sound jerked Kiyone back 
towards it. The queen froze. Kiyone looked over and saw the other 
aliens weren't moving either. ( What! What happened?) Kiyone 
suddenly realized her gun was pointing at one of the eggs. 
(No, can't be. Their not that smart, are they?) Kiyone decided to 
find out. She pointed her blaster at the ceiling and fired. The 
queen screeched and the aliens began to move forward. Kiyone 
aimed back at the eggs. The queen fell silent and the aliens 
froze. The queen growled in frustration. Kiyone couldn't believe 
it. She slowly began to make her way out of the nest. However, 
for every step she took, the aliens took one also. ( I hope this 
works.) She targeted an egg right in front of the queen and 
fired. The egg exploded and the queen went berserk. Kiyone 
blasted another egg and then pressed her gun against one that was 
next to her. Everything stopped. Then slowly, the aliens began to 
draw back. Kiyone didn't watch them though, her eyes were on the 
queen. The alien was fixed on Kiyone and she found herself 
wondering how a creature with no eyes could seem to be staring a 
hole through her. The queen was visibly trembling, and somehow 
Kiyone knew it wasn't from fear. She doubted these things could 
feel fear. The queen cracked her jaws together. Kiyone reached 
the edge of the room. She glanced down the hallway and it looked 
clear. She looked at her wrist. ( Only twenty minutes left.) She 
looked back at the queen who was still staring at her. " Hope you 
like it hot, cause hell is coming for you." Kiyone took one last 
look around, then sprinted down the hall.

Kiyone decided to take the halls with the least amount of 
resin on them. She hoped that by doing so she could avoid the 
aliens better. As she ran, Kiyone could smell the T87-R in the 
air. It was starting to affect her balance and was giving her a 
killer headache that her running only made worse. She checked the 
time. ( Ten minutes, and I still don't know where the hell I am.) 
She looked up in time to see an alien drop in front of her. She 
didn't have time to mess with it. Instead of stopping she ran 
faster. The creature seemed confused by this and Kiyone took 
advantage. She jumped, somersaulting over the alien and landing 
in a roll on the other side. She shot over her shoulder but 
didn't wait to see if she hit anything. The creature's scream 
told her she had found her mark. She allowed herself to smile. ( 
There's going to be a lot more screaming before this day is 
over.)



There was only three minutes left when Kiyone found the lab. 
Unfortunately, a large group of aliens found her at the same 
time. They came charging down the hall at her. Kiyone couldn't 
run, the lab was the only place she'd be safe when the detonator 
went off. ( Oh what the hell, it worked before.) With a yell she 
sprinted toward the swarm. She took several down with blaster 
shots. Just before she would have collided with them she jumped 
toward the wall. She kicked off the wall, changing direction in 
mid flight. The aliens had already turned toward the wall and 
were totally unprepared for her sudden change in direction. As 
she sailed over the group she let out a laugh, only to have it 
die when she saw her landing area. The aliens she'd shot had left 
a virtual mine field of acid puddles on the floor. As she landed 
Kiyone had to jump again to clear one. She landed in a roll that 
almost took her into another. She had to throw herself sideways 
to avoid it. She bounced off the wall and clumsily hopped over 
another puddle. Running up to the lab she pressed the open 
button. As the air lock cycled she turned back to the alien 
group. They had turned around and were coming back at her. She 
dropped several of them as they charged. With a hiss the doors 
opened. Kiyone ran inside and hit the close button. The doors 
slowly stopped opening and began to slid back the other way. An 
alien tried to make it's way in, but she caught it in the throat 
with a blast. Another tried and she shot it as well, but then 
another made it's move, using the previous alien as a shield. It 
leapt over the dying creature, flying toward her. Kiyone knew she 
couldn't shoot it without being drenched in acid. She dropped her 
blaster and as it neared her she reached out and grabbed it's 
outstretched arms. She fell backward and placed her foot on it's 
stomach while rolling back. She kicked as hard as she could and 
let the aliens own momentum carry it into the airlock's inner 
doors. The creature's surprised screech was cut short as it 
collided with the unyielding metal and crumpled to the floor. The 
outer doors shut and Kiyone waited as the air cycled. As the 
inner doors open the alien started to get up. Kiyone kicked it 
hard in the head and it fell over. She hit the open button on the 
outer doors before diving into the lab. She checked her time. ( 
Ten seconds.) She looked through the glass in the door. The outer 
doors had reopened and she could see into the hall. She looked 
back to her wrist. ( Three...two...one...)

Hell came to visit. Fire shot down the air ducts, causing 
columns of flame to burst from the vents like geysers. The air 
itself burned. The aliens in the hallway screamed as the fire 
boiled their blood in their veins. The pressure caused their 
exoskeletons to burst. The alien in the airlock tried to back 
into the corner, but the fire shallowed up all the oxygen, 
causing a vacuum that pulled the creature to it's death. Down in 
the nest, the queen howled in pain and anger as the fire 
destroyed her precious eggs. The fire engulfed her, searing it's 
way down her airways. Her lungs, filled with T87-R from the air, 
ignited. She fell to the floor, ripping away from her egg layer 
as the fire ate away her flesh. 

Kiyone watched the fire storm rage from behind the glass. 
She felt like laughing. ( Take that you ugly, hideous, 
disgusting, drool dripping, heartless, eyeless, mother fucking 
assholes.) She heard an explosion, followed by another. Suddenly 
something exploded nearby, shaking the room and knocking Kiyone 
off her feet. She stood up and saw the glass had cracked. As she 
watched the crack grew bigger. Kiyone turned and ran deeper into 
the lab. She dove behind a lab counter as the window shattered. 
The vacuum outside sucked air through the opening. The fire 
exploded with new fury as fresh oxygen was carried to it. Flames 
shot into the lab. The fire heated the air and Kiyone felt her 
lungs burning. She backed deeper into the lab as the fire spread 
forward. It reached the drums of T87-R. ( Oh shit!), was all 
Kiyone had time to think before the barrels exploded.



Kiyone woke up shivering. She was freezing. She curled into 
a tight ball, trying to conserve body heat. ( Wait a minute. 
Something's not right about this.) Kiyone opened her eyes. She 
was laying in a puddle of some liquid. The stuff was clinging to 
her body all over. Kiyone looked behind her and saw a large 
barrel had cracked open when it had hit the floor, dumping it's 
contents on her. She turned it to read the label. ( Fire 
extinguisher refill) Kiyone fell back laughing. ( What are the 
chances?) She had been saved from the fire by a fluke. ( No 
wonder I'm freezing.) She made her way out of the lab. Smoking 
corpses littered the hall. She found the elevator had been 
trashed by the fire, forcing her to climb up the emergency ladder 
in the shaft. At the top her lungs were assaulted by the toxic 
chemicals in the planet's air. She saw the front door was still 
open. She stepped outside, and quickly jumped back in. Yagami was 
hovering just outside the base, but it was surrounded by a swarm 
of aliens. ( Well, no big deal) Kiyone activated her wrist com 
and accessed Yagami's systems. The ships gun ports opened and 
rained death upon the alien group. They scattered in all 
directions. The ones that ran for cover in the base were greeted 
with shots to the head. Kiyone activated the ships transporter 
and she beamed herself directly to the bridge. Once there she 
took off after the remaining aliens. She watched as they 
disappeared into a hole in the ground. ( Just as I thought, the 
base wasn't the only nest they had. ) Kiyone took Yagami back 
into orbit. ( This planet's too dangerous, I can't let what 
happened down there happen to anyone else.) Kiyone knew what she 
had to do. She activated the weapon panel. 
" Nuclear ordinance access prohibited to unauthorized 
personal", the computer informed her. " Please enter 
authorization code now." Kiyone typed in a ten digit code. " 
Access granted" She brought up a weather display of the planet. 
After checking the wind currents, Kiyone pinpointed three 
locations that would provide maximum spread for the radiation. 
( No one's going to be coming back here for a long time.) 
The fire button blinked slowly and Kiyone just stared at it for a 
moment. Then she reached out, and stabbed her finger down.
The End.

