"...And with strange aeons..."

An X-Files/Tenchi Muyo Crossover

That is not dead which can eternal lie
And with strange aeons, even death may die.

--- Necronomicon Ex Mortis

================================================================
CHAPTER 1 ---------- Nov 24th 7:45 PM Japan

Fox Mulder stepped off the plane at Narita Airport. At the
customs desk he presented his passport.

"I assume you'll be visitting Tokyo Tower." the customs
official remarked. "They say its haunted by an alien ghost."

This comment caught Mulder's attention. Aliens were almost an
obsession with him. Now he had been told that the ghost of an
alien might be haunting Tokyo Tower.

"Can you tell me about the sightings?" Mulder asked.

"I'm afraid I've never been very interested in ghost stories."
the passport official admitted. "However, the tourist center on
the first floor probably has some information."

"Thank you." Mulder waved as he took back his passport and
hurried down to the lobby.

After checking into his hotel room, Mulder phoned for a taxi.

"Where would you like to go?" The driver asked.

Mulder was about to say Tokyo Tower when he remembered the tours
were closed for the day at this time. Instead, he gave the name
of a small restaurant that was next to the Tower.

"I take it you're interested in the ghost?" The taxi driver asked
as he began to drive.

Mulder frowned.

"Oh, don't worry about it. A lot of people go to the Tower on
this night. It gives them time to set things up so they'll be
ready by tomorrow morning."

"Tomorrow morning? What happens then?"

The driver turned a corner.

"According to some people who claimed to have seen it, the ghost
appears in visible form and does battle with another alien
ghost."

"So, there are two."

"Well, normally there is only one," the driver replied as he
turned another corner, "but tomorrow is the anniversary of the
Tower Ghost's death."

"I see." Mulder replied. "Do you know how he died?"

"Sure," the driver replied. "it gets reenacted every year. But I
don't want to spoil it for you." He pulled the cab up to the
front of Tokyo Tower and stopped.

"Thanks." Mulder said as he got out and paid his fare.

A guard at the door was about to stop him when something
clicked. "Fox Mulder, what brings you so far out here?"

"Vacation." Mulder replied.

"Yeah, right." the guard muttered with a smile. "Go on up."

"Thanks." Mulder bowed and climbed into the elevator.

CHAPTER 2
---------
Nov 24th 8:55 PM Tokyo Tower Observation Deck

Mulder watched as the others around him set up their equipment.
There were many people around, more than he'd thought.

"Fox Mulder," one of them extended a greeting, "so you've come to
see our little show, too."

"Show?" Mulder wondered aloud.

"The ghostly drama that shall unfold tomorrow." The man replied
with a dramatic flare.

"No doubt some poorly acted scenario put on by a couple of High
School pranksters." A female voice chimed in.

Mulder turned towards it in surprise.

"Scully?!" He gasped. "What the heck...?"

"I was sent to bring you back to the States." Scully told
Mulder. "Some information has just opened up on a case and..."

"When does the plane leave?" Mulder sounded disappointed. Would
he miss the ghost?

"Tomorrow morning at 11:45." Scully replied.

"Okay. We'll stay for the sighting, then go directly to the
airport." Mulder decided, cheerfuly.

"Your luggage..." Scully pointed out.

"I'll call the hotel and have it mailed." Mulder replied. "Or I
can just leave it here. It'll save me a fortune in travel
expenses."

"Well, okay." Scully gave in. "But when you find out that this is
just some prank, don't come crying to me because you lost your
favorite shirt over it."

CHAPTER 3
-----------
November 25th 9:07 AM: Tokyo Tower Observation Deck

"Mulder," Scully whispered, urgently, tugging on his shirt.

Mulder turned and saw what Scully was looking at.

A humanoid form was leaning on the rail by the window. He was
wearing a pair of grey pants and a blue uniform shirt under a
blue jacket.

The jacket's style rang a tiny chord in Mulder's mind and he
turned toward his partner.

"He's a cop." He whispered.

"His arm..." Scully whispered back.

Mulder looked and saw what she was talking about. The creature's
left arm was perfectly normal. But his right arm was a gleaming
grey metallic prosthesis which was, at the moment, sporting a
cold white mini-cannon.

It was clearly obvious that this bizarre apparition was waiting
for something.

"Does something strike you as odd about him?" Mulder asked.

Scully saw what he meant and wondered why she hadn't notice
before. The creature, while humanoid in shape, did not have a
human appearance. In fact, she mused, he looked oddly similar to
a bat.

Then, suddenly all hell broke loose!

The creature opened fire with his gun, sending a shower of
plasma blasts out of the window.  Minutes later, a ball of white
light slammed through the same window. There was a face in it.
The face was like a theatrical mask from hell. Its three eyes
gleamed with dark intent.

Mulder and Scully watched in fascination as the bat-like
apparition continued to fire its weapon at the new arrival,
which was several times larger than he was.

Mulder winced in sympathy as the new arrival reached out and
tore the first ghost's arm off. Blood and hyrdraulic fluid
dripped from the arm, but vanished before hitting the floor.

Then the new ghost picked up the first ghost by the throat.

The new arrival spoke. "A survivor from the Galaxy Police, hm?
What spirit you've shown in tracking me all the way here."

The Galaxy Police ghost kicked and struggled, but his voice was
filled with hate, not fear. "Kain, I'm gonna get you... if its
the last thing I ever do!"

Then he let out a scream of pain as the ghost named Kain began
to envelop him in an inky black goo.

All at once, Mulder, without thinking about what he was doing,
attacked the demon spirit. "LET HIM GO!" He shouted.

The demon spirit was so surprised that, for the first time in 29
years, he dropped his prey. Then, he vanished.

The Galaxy Police ghost looked up at Mulder in surprise. "Thank
you..."

"Fox Mulder, FBI." Mulder replied. "And don't thank me, I was
just helping a fellow agent."

"Agent?" Scully raised an eyebrow.

"He's right." the Galaxy Police ghost replied. "I am Operative A
of the Galaxy Police." He looked out the window. "Its beautiful
here."

"That thing..."

"That was KAIN." Operative A replied. "He killed me back in 1970
when I confronted him."

"Why would anyone in their right mind confront something with
that kind of power?" Scully asked.

"I wasn't in my right mind." Operative A explained. "I had
witnessed the murder of almost the entire Galaxy Police force at
his hands a week earlier. And he threw me into a time warp back
to 1970."

"How do you know he didn't send the others into time warps,
too?"

The ghostly operative appeared thoughtful. "I never considered
that." he replied. "I never let myself. Didn't want to give in
to false hope."

"What would've happened if I..."

"If you didn't stop him, Kain would've eventually dissolved me
completely from the ribcage down." Operative A replied. "I'm
glad you stopped him. Twenty nine years is quite enough."
