* Authors Notes:

This is an alternate universe, new timeline fic, between the series Ranma
1/2 and Tenchi Muyo. It crosses the boundaries between light and darkness
and then goes back again. Pictures for this fic will be posted on my
sister's web page soon. ^_^ And of course, I would like to thank my
pre-readers for all the help they've done. I wouldn't have been able to
finish this without them.

This is just a rough draft...

Falling for an Angel
By Kahlil Noriega

* Standard disclaimer:
All rights belong to whoever owns them. I don't own any of these characters
and make no claim to do so.

Chapter 2 - From out of the storm...

Rain fell from grey skies as dark clouds hovered over the forest. Lightning
flashed in the sky accompanied by the loud rumbles of thunder as the
downpour of the rain bathed the forest below and the stone steps that lead
to the temple above.

A man can be seen through the veil of the rain. His form bent over a large
bundle in his arms, clearly burdened by the weight as he ascended the
stairs slowly. A faint glow surrounded them both as he let the rain drench
him as he climbed.

***

The shrine, nestled in the mountains, stood quiet under the downpour of the
rain. The house beside it even quieter still as lightning flashed in the
sky above and rain battered the shrine's empty grounds.

***

There's only silence in the house except that of the rain pounding on the
roof.

A plush sofa and simple furniture occupied the center of the room as
lightning flashed outside, seen through the window of the house. The
doorway beside it was bathed in darkness.

The door opened as lightning played behind the man that stood there before
darkness again consumed his form. Lightning flashed again, and Tenchi
Masaki looked over the interior of the house as thunder rumbled in the sky.
He steps in, shifting his burden as he moved into the house.

Tenchi, after his eyes adjusted to the darkness, laid Ranko down on the
sofa.  A quick glance at her body revealed no overt injuries, but her wet
clothes and the perfect body beneath them did nothing but put perverted
thoughts in his mind.  A blush quickly spread across his cheeks, but he
recovered quickly as he vanished into one of the other rooms, and returned
with a warm blanket.  He covered her body with it, satisfied that she would
be fine with warm blankets and a little rest.

He walked back to the doorway and paused, he looked at the surrounding
mountains through the veil created by the slowly weakening storm. And he
relaxed as the wind cooled him. He closed the door and turned around.
Stealing another glance at the girl sleeping on the couch, her chest rose
and fell rhythmically as she breathed. Tenchi tore his eyes away as he
walked to one of the nearby chairs and sat down.

He looked at the girl on the sofa affectionately and began to wonder about
her again.  Questions rose, but he set them aside as he was already tired.
And as he rubbed his arms to warm them, he settled comfortably in his seat
and slowly fell asleep as the wind and the rain softened outside.

***

Somewhere...

In a nearby city...

The clouds seemed to stir as lightning flashed in the cold night, while a
full moon shone brightly through the clouds...

The winds seemed to blow stronger, harder...

In between flashes and parting clouds, a winged form can be seen, bathed in
shadow as it flew through the storm, before clouds covered the figure
entirely and thunder rumbled in the sky.

***

The smell of the alley is sickening as trash littered the street
everywhere. A cat sat atop the lid of a broken and dented garbage can as it
looked for food within it. While a beggar slept beside it, dirt covered his
ragged clothes while soot covered his face, as he lay huddled over on a
pile of newspapers.

Flyers and other rubbish scattered and rolled on the ground as the wind
passed by. Lifting dirt and debris up into the air as thunder cracked in
the sky, its cry echoed through the empty streets.

The silhouette of a man with wings stretched out behind him can be seen
descending as a shadow on the wall of a tall building beside the narrow
alley.

Shadows swirled and gathered around the winged creature as it shaped its
form into that of a man and ripped free of the darkness that surrounded him
a moment before.

Free, the man stood there for a moment, catching his breath as he stared
down at the ground. He wore a black trench coat. Gloved hands peaked out
from his sleeves. And when the wind passed by, it opened his coat,
revealing him to be dressed in a matching black suit and shoes. Titling his
head up, the wind played with his long bangs that partly covered his black
shades. The man frowned as he stepped out from the darkness of the alley
and into the night.

The light from a nearby lamppost flickered behind him as he crossed the
deserted street.  And he stopped at the edge of the road, by the rusted
guard-rails that are all but separated him from the tree-covered valley
below.

Looking over the rusted guard-rails, he watched the whole city spread out
before him like a brilliant sea of fire, forever burning...

He took off his dark glasses, and where eyes should have been, only
darkness occupied those empty sockets. Those same eyes looked at the view
in evident disgust. A cold breeze blew by, ruffling his hair and partly
opening his coat.  He paid it either one no mind as he looked at the city
below him.  Lighted with artificial fire that men had created, while
fireflies flew around him in lazy circles.

And he narrowed his eyes, anger on his face...

"I hate this place," Kuno said to himself.

And he frowned even deeper as a memory came to mind. He closed his eyes,
reliving that memory, and when he finally opened them again, normal eyes
looked out at the city. He grimaced as he put his shades back on as he
turned around to walk back to where he had first arrived.

Somewhere, out in that place made by man, she's out there.  And she will be
his, this he thought and vowed as darkness pooled and swirled around him.
She will be his, he thought again as the darkness consumed him.

***

The streets were empty as a cold breeze blew by...

The sounds of thunder can be heard rumbling overhead as flashes of lighting
played underneath troubled skies.

~ To be continued...

Epilogue:

The storm outside slowly lost its strength. Slowing down to a light shower.
Everything was quiet around the house and Tenchi slept soundly in his seat.

Bright light...

"Ugh...huh?" Tenchi moaned as he opened his eyes and blinked in wonder as
the light passed...

Ranko slowly stirred, moving her lips as she opened her eyes, looking at
her surroundings. Her eyes then turned to look at Tenchi, seeming to search
his soul and she smiled at what she found in him. Tenchi could only stare
in surprise and wonder as Ranko slowly got up from the couch and turned her
eyes to look at Tenchi.

Shining blue eyes fixed on him and held a mischievous shine in them. Her
pale pink lips turned to give him a smile as he blinked his eyes, looking
at her.

Ranko moved closer to him and seeing this, Tenchi backed off quickly.
Ranko just looked at him curiously. Puzzled by his actions towards her...

"I'm dreaming, aren't I?" Tenchi stammered as he backed away from her.

Ranko just smiled as she continued her slow approach towards him.

"You can't be real, can you?" Tenchi mumbled half dazed. Tripping over a
stool, Ranko just smiled as she hid her giggles behind a soft delicate hand
as Tenchi quickly stood up.

He dropped his hands back to his side. He hadn't known he had brought it
up, as if it could shield him from her. Ranko stopped her advance as Tenchi
stared at the ground, thinking.

Ranko just watched him from where she stood, slightly confused, before she
resumed her slow, sensuous walk towards him. Looking at Tenchi as though he
were some sort of puzzle to figure out. But she decided already to thank
him. Thanking him in the only way she knew how, with a simple kiss...

Seeing her walking towards him, Tenchi quickly backed away, but soon found
himself pressed into a corner...

"You're just a dream...I'm still asleep. And I'm..." Tenchi rationalised.

Ranko just smiled as wrapped her arms around his waist. Resting her cheek
comfortably, on his chest, before turning her eyes up to look at him.

"...dreaming..." Tenchi finished as he looked at her adoring eyes.

He didn't know what to say or do, so he simply held her in his arms. All
the while his mind screamed at him "No, this isn't right." But just looking
at her, so sensual and dreamy, looking at him with wide adoring eyes.  He
felt the words slipping away as he slowly gave in to his desire.

"This is just a dream. Isn't it?" Tenchi whispered softly to her.
Hopeful...

Ranko just smiled up at him as she balanced on her toes.

"I guess there's nothing wrong with kissing in a dream, right?" Tenchi
tried to convince himself that was all this was.  Only the fact that he
could feel her body so close removed that notion.  He half wished that this
were all just a dream, a dream that he would never awaken from.

Ranko's smile became sultry as she circled her arms around his neck and
tilted her head up to kiss him. Tenchi tried to pull away, but he couldn't
as he stared into her eyes.

"There's nothing wrong..." he whispered as Ranko paused in mid-kiss.

Ranko just looked at him, considering if he wanted her to thank him or not.
 Tenchi felt as though he was fighting a losing battle as he continued to
stare into her eyes.

"Nothing's wrong..." Tenchi whispered as Ranko drew near.

And she smiled as her hands held his head gently and pulled him close.
Their lips finally touching. And stayed together for a while as bright
white light built up around them, engulfing them both...

And as the light dimmed around them...

Their lips parted, ending their kiss. Their foreheads still touching the
other as the light dimmed around them. Ranko slowly sank back down onto the
ground. Her head resting on his chest as a moment of silence lingered
around them...

Then she heard it...

It was soft at first; barely audible, but the sound slowly grew louder as
the moments passed by.

"Snoring?"  She thought to herself, as she looked up to see Tenchi's face.

And saw that Tenchi was fast asleep. His body began to sway as he began to
lean most of his weight on her as his head slowly sank down to rest on her
shoulder as she brought both of them to rest on the floor.

Tenchi snuggled his head on her shoulder, above her breast as he slept.
Ranko lazily played with his hair as she watched him sleep.  Brushing away
the few errant strands of hair covering his face. A small pout formed on
her lips as she watched Tenchi curl up, mostly on her lap, before she
turned her eyes up to heaven, as if to ask, "Why, father?"

Heaven didn't reply, and she grudgingly sat there in silence, as she
watched over Tenchi. A pout formed on her lips again. And she sighed as she
played with his hair as Tenchi slept peacefully on her lap. A small smile
graced Tenchi's face as he dreamed and Ranko smiled in content...

~ To be continued...

* End notes:

Sorry if this is late. Schools just a killer this time of year. Better late
than never I guess. ^_^

Well I hope you like the story so far. And if there's anything you got to
say about this fic, please tell me. Even a short reply would be nice. In
fact, I implore you to do so. Please send all C&C, MST or even flames to
the address below or to the FFML if you feel bold enough to do so.

Becknkal@addax.bc.ca

And if you're curious as to what other stories I've done. Please don't
hesitate in visiting my sister's web page at:

The anything goes Ranma 1/2 fanfic page
http://www.geocities.com/tokyo/temple/9371

Anyway, that's that for my rant. ^_^

Sincerely
~ Kahlil Noriega ~
