ANIME SURVIVOR: The First Three Days

by Cabbit Lover

NOTES: Sailor Moon and friends are owned by Naoko Takeuchi, Tenchi and 
friends are owned by Pioneer, Fist of the North Star is owned by whoever 
created it, and the same goes for Survivor.  I'm not borrowing this stuff 
for profit, just fun.
	Also, I'm using the Japanese names of the Sailor Moon team, since I 
need last names.

	"Welcome to the First Season of OAnime Survivor'!  On our premiere 
episode, two tribes of anime heroes will be airlifted into the post-
apocalyptic of OFist of the North Star'.

	"On my right, members of the Moon Tribe: Mamoru Chiba, Usagi 
Tsukino, Rei Hino, Ami Mizuno, Minako Aino, Makoto Kino, Seijuurou Ginga, 
and Natsumi Ginga!	

	"On my left, Tribe Jurai: Tenchi Masaki, Nobuyuki Masaki, Katsuhito 
Masaki, Ryoko Hakubi, Washu Hakubi, Princess Ayeka, Princess Sasami, and 
Mihoshi Kuramitsu!"

	The two tribes retrieved everything they could salvage from the 
plane, from mundane stuff like books and food to valuable gear like 
Transformation Pens and the Master Key.  After the plane was emptied, it 
took off, leaving our heroes "stranded".

	Tribe Jurai took a look around.  Nothing but wasteland as far as the 
eye could see.  Fortunately, Washu's equipment took care of the essentials: 
shelter (a small-looking tent that had enough subspace for the entire 
crew, including one cabbit; Sasami insisted on bringing Ryo-ohki along, on
the grounds that the animal shelter back in Japan wouldn't be able to 
handle a cabbit), food and water (enough to last them until they got a 
garden started), and a way to get the laundry done.  "The hell with 
surviving," Ryoko snickered, "we're gonna ACE this!"

	The Moon Tribe had also used their combined magic to create a kind 
of mini-Crystal Tokyo, and were feeling similarly smug about their 
chances.
	"Has anyone seen the 'Gingas'?" Usagi asked.
	"You mean, Ail and Ann?" asked Mina.  "There they are!"
	"How're you guys doing?" smiled Ail.  "We managed to set up a 
treehouse!"
	Ami and Makoto looked critically at the "tree" Ail and Ann were 
using.  The roots were throbbing suspiciously.
	"Excuse me," said Ami, "but this tree wouldn't be draining this world
dry of what little life it has left, WOULD IT?"
	Ail and Ann grew king-size sweatdrops.  "Let's just say old habits 
die hard," said Ail.
	Makoto grabbed both of them by the necks, "Turn off the tree," she 
threatened, "or they won't be the ONLY things dying!"
	After a couple of nervous gulps, Ail and Ann dispelled the tree.

	Now that they had their shelter set up, Tribe Jurai started to really 
get going.  Tenchi got started on the agriculture, Katsuhito became the 
counselor, Nobuyuki and Sasami started getting dinner ready, Mihoshi got
ready to "safeguard the base", Washu got busy with her inventions, and as 
for the rest:
	"Ryoko, I've got a special assignment for you," said Ayeka.
	"You want me to guard Tenchi?" Ryoko asked teasingly.
	"Don't be absurd," reprimanded Ayeka.  "I want you to go on a 
reconnaissance mission.  I'm not sure I trust the Moon Tribe."
	"Me neither, especially not those 'Gingers', or whatever they were 
called," agreed Ryoko.
	She grabbed Ryo-ohki and got her to go into spaceship mode.  This 
particular mode was a "stealth" version of her usual form, made of a 
mineral that warped light, rendering the ship nearly invisible.  It was also 
smaller and less noisy.
	Ayeka smiled as Ryoko got into the mini-ship.  Part of the reason for 
her order was to keep Ryoko preoccupied and away from Tenchi.
	Ryoko also chuckled to herself, behind Ayeka's back.  She knew Ayeka 
gave her this mission to keep her away from Tenchi, but maybe there were 
other ways to have fun.  Seijuurou Ginga looked like a cute enough kid, 
even if there was something off-putting about him, and Mamoru was also a 
cutie.  Speaking of cute, maybe Ryo-ohki could sabotage their food supply 
or something.

	Two days later, they received their first Immunity Challenge, which
involved crossing a ravine.  Each tribe set out on a separate bridge, and the 
tribe that crossed first would win.
	"All we gotta do is walk across this thing, huh?" smiled Ryoko.  
"That shouldn't be difficult!  I wonder if all the 'Challenges' are gonna be 
this easy?"
	When Tribe Jurai was halfway across their bridge, however, Ryoko 
slipped and began to fall over!  Tenchi grabbed her arm and pulled her back
up.  Even a delay this minor, however, wound up costing Tribe Jurai as the
Moon Tribe was the first group across.

	That night, Tribe Jurai held Tribal Council.  Ayeka voted for Ryoko to 
be booted off, and for some reason that surprised nobody, Ryoko voted 
Ayeka off.  Tenchi rather gallantly voted for himself, saying, "If I have to 
vote anyone off, I'll be self-sacrificing about it.  Better me than someone I
care about.  I'd feel guilty about it otherwise!"
	Just as the votes were about to be tallied, Sailor Moon came to the 
Council.  "Hold everything, guys!" she shouted.
	"Sailor Moon, what are you doing here?" Tenchi wondered.
	"It's not Ryoko's fault she fell off the bridge!" Sailor Moon reported.
"That 'honor' belongs to Seijuurou!  You probably don't know this, but 
Seijuurou has magical powers, and he telekinetically tripped Ryoko up!"
	"That rat?" exclaimed Ryoko.  "I knew I couldn't trust him!"
	"Once we found that out," Sailor Moon continued, "we held our own 
Tribal Council and, well..."

	Somewhere in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, Ail was swimming
like crazy.
	"Sailor Scouts?  Ann?  Anybody?  The joke's over, guys!  Pleeeezze
help me out here!  I'm all wet!"

TO BE CONTINUED...
