Ani-Mayhem: Worlds Collide

Intro by Lord Archive

Legal Babble: Characters are owned by a bunch of people and companies and
are not mine. I'm only borrowing them. I'm not making money off this. I'm
also broke, so suing me won't do any good.

--------------------------------------

A thin, sixty-year-old looking man brushes some dirt away from an ancient
fossilized leg bones of a Tyrannosaurus Rex. His eyes gleamed with
excitement at the discovery. A wind suddenly blew hard, momentarily
blinding the archeologist. When his vision cleared he saw a Coke bottle
sitting next to the leg bones.

"Damn college interns, discarding their trash at a important sight like
this," the archaeologist muttered as he pulled the Coke bottle from the
ground and tossed it behind him.

If he had paid attention, he would have noticed that the Coke bottle was
imbedded in the ground. If he studied it, he would have come to the
unlikely conclusion that the bottle had been there as long as the
dinosaur bones had been. But, he didn’t...

The bottle landed on a rock shattering. Everything blurs and shakes.

The archaeologist looks up from his dig to see that the dig sight, his
tent, and himself were now somewhere in the middle of an ocean.

"WHAT THE HELL JUST HAPPENED?" he screamed, not believing his eyes.

"You, my dear idiot, may have just ended not one universe, but several,"
a woman's voice called from behind him.

He turned around to see a short woman with long, spikish, pink hair. "Who
are you?"

"I'm the greatest mind of several universe's it would seem. My name is
Washuu." She turned and picked up pieces of the Coke bottle. She then
turned and typed at keyboard that suddenly appeared in mid-air.

"W-what just happened?" the archaeologist asked, uncertain of his own
sanity.

"This bottle you destroyed was one of the items that kept universal
boundaries intact, but with it's destruction the boundaries are gone and
different universes have merged." She bent down picking up the remaining
pieces. She tapped a key and disappeared.

The man stood staring at the spot where she had been. His mind, unable to
handle what just happened, decided now was a good time to take a nap. He
fainted.

-----------------------------------------------------

Washuu sat at her lab furiously working away trying to find answers to
how to put things back to order. She would've been very upset at all her
recent failed experiments that happened when different world’s scientific
laws corrupted them, if those same laws hadn’t brought her possibly the
greatest intellectual challenge she ever faced.

In an hour Washuu learned that four distinct worlds had merged and that
several more will merge within the week.  She didn't have much time to
get everything done, she needed help. She requested her computer to find
her that help. The stipulation, the first single individuals responsible
for regaining some lines of communication and control.

-----------------------------------------------------

Nene Romanova typed at her keyboard, quickly rerouting the down A.D.
police's lines of communication system in the hours since `Tokyo grew.'
The major lines had been cut and she was able to use various sub-stations
to keep A.D. police (and the Knight Sabers) informed of the latest
events.

"There that should keep the communications op..." Nene words were cut off
as she disappeared.

-----------------------------------------------------

Makoto Mizuhara sat at his computer, willing it to continue working and
connected it to the few lines of communication still working. He was
hoping to find out what happened. He was also hoping that his girlfriend
would be able to contact him.

"Ifurita, where are you?" he asked aloud to himself as he disappeared.

-----------------------------------------------------

Nabiki Tendo, not one to normally do humanitarian things, quickly got her
'friends' to do whatever they could to return lines of communication. If
someone asked her why she was doing it, she would have told them she
needed to keep informed of everything that was happening. That wasn't
true, Akane and Ranma were missing and she wanted to find them.

"Any news?" Nabiki asked coldly.

"Phones and power have been returned to what's left of Nerima, but still
no sign of your sister and Ranma," a girl answered.

Nabiki cursed as she disappeared.

-----------------------------------------------------

Washuu stood at on a platform over looking the new arrivals. She smirked
at the confused looks on their face.

"Hey! What am I doing here?" Nene asked.

"What the?!" Makoto uttered.

"Are you the one who screwed with the world?" Nabiki asked, leveling her
gaze at Washuu.

Washuu laughed. "No. I'm as much a victim of the world mergers as you
are."

"World mergers?" Makoto squeaked.

"Yes. We are each from a different universe. A couple hours ago they
merged."

"And just how did that happened?" Nabiki asked.

Washuu was beginning to like this girl. "Each of our universes have a
collection of items that keep them separated. Even one of them would keep
the boundaries intact. But in your world..." She pointed at Nabiki.
"...all the items have been destroyed. Causing the boundaries to
collapse."

"Great, Ranma most have broken them," Nabiki muttered sarcastically. 

"So, what do you want with us?" Nene asked.

"You three have shown an incredible amount of ingenuity, and I need your
help to track down the other world's item so I may be able to restore the
balance."

"What would be the problem with having a bigger world?" Nene asked.

"There are different scientific laws to each of our world's. Now magic
runs side-by-side with pure technology, these laws are contradictory and
may eventually result in the destruction of everything."

"Oh." Makoto and Nene uttered.

"Makoto, you have the ability to understand all technology instinctively,
right?"

Makoto nodded.

"Show Nene and Nabiki how to use my computers so they can track down the
items and find people capable of obtaining them."

"You know who we are, but who are you?" Nabiki asked.

"My name is Washuu," she replied.

"Hi, I'm Nene Romanova," Nene chirped.

"Makoto Mizuhara," Makoto returned.

"Nabiki Tendo," Nabiki said.

They started to work at the computers, a couple hours later they inform
Washuu that tracking down a specific item is impossible. That they'll
need to invent something that could detect it's presence in close
proximity.

An hour later Washuu finished the invention and had it duplicated many
times over. While she was doing this, the others tracked down people they
knew who could help.

-----------------------------------------------------
THE SEARCH BEGINS
-----------------------------------------------------

"Who's first?" Washuu asked.

"Akane Tendo, Priss Asagiri, and possibly this guy who's emitting off an
incredible amount of energy," Nabiki answered, hitting a key.

An image screen appears showing Akane, Priss and Tenchi outside of an
electronics store watching the television displays.

"That's Tenchi. He'll help." Washuu looked at them in dismay. She didn't
want to team up Tenchi with any girls.

Nabiki, noticing her reaction, said "If you're worried about him hitching
up with those girls, you can count Akane out, she already has a fiancee."

"And, Priss isn't really interested in, um, younger men," Nene added.

Washuu asked. "So, the chances of these two falling in love with him
are?"

"Next to none," Nabiki replied.

"Nil," Nene added.

-----------------------------------------------------

Akane, Tenchi, and Priss were among a crowd of people watching the
television displays, all hoping to find a clue to where there homes were.
The news was on giving reports on what the new world map looked like.

Priss was obviously angry at something. Her anger grew as the reflection
Genom Electrics truck passed by, to repair down lines.

Akane watched, upset that she couldn't find Ranma and concerned because
she didn't know where he was nor how to get home. 

Tenchi was just concerned, wondering what happened and why none of the
girls have found him yet. His attention was drawn when he felt a familiar
presence nearby.

"Hello, Tenchi," Washuu greeted. "And hello, Akane and Priss. I have need
of your help."

Akane and Priss immediately turn their attention to the new arrival.

"Washuu, can you tell me what happened?" Tenchi asked.

"Four worlds have combined into one. To prevent the eventual destruction
of all worlds, I need you three to track down items that are suppose to
keep the universes separated."

"Why should we believe you?" Priss asked.

"You don't have to take my word for it," Washuu replied as she hit a key
on her spacial keyboard, calling up an image of Nabiki and Nene.

"Hi, Priss. They need us to save more than one world, this time," Nene
greeted.

"Hi, Nene." Priss returned, shrugging her shoulders and turned towards
Washuu.

"Hey, Sis, time to prove how good of a martial artist you really are."
Nabiki smirked.

Akane grinned. "Hi. It's good to see you're safe. How is everyone?" 

"There all fine. Everyone but Ranma, you and me are at home."

Akane smiled and turned to Washuu. "So, what do these items look like?" 

"The items look like everyday items. You'll need this to detect them."
Washuu answered, handing a detector to Tenchi. "The detector also has a
map indicating where you are and which universe which area came from."

After a moment detailing how to use the detector, Washuu left them.

"So, what's first?" Akane asked. 

"I'm getting a reading coming from the North-east," Tenchi answered. <And
according to this, that's also the place where I left my bag with my
sword.>

"All right, let's go," Akane said.

Priss shook her head. "Aren't you two a little young to play saviors of
the world."

Akane laughed, "Been there and done that before, so I guess not."

Tenchi shrugged, "Well, I've done it before."

-----------------------------------------------------

Author's Note:

This is a quick and dirty rough draft, but you get the idea.

I will be continuing the story of Akane, Tenchi, and Priss in the search
for more items, but they won't be the only ones to search, so...

I Challenge you authors out there to select characters from the
Ani-Mayhem Set 1 (Ranma 1/2, Tenchi Muyo, Bubble Gum Crisis, and El
Hazard) The mission is to either write their adventures to find their way
home or their adventures after being recruited to find the universal
items. 

Contact me at archive@mich.com if you are interested.

If you want to use characters from set two (Project A-Ko, Dominion Tank
Police, Phantom Quest Corps, or Armitage) they will be acceptable, but
they'll appear one week fan-fic time after the start of this story, and
so have only five or six days.

You can use Nabiki, Washuu, Makoto, or Nene as organizers in a similar
means as shown in this story. I'll write more about them for the second
merger and the finally.

Write to me asking for which characters you want. This is first come
first serve so give a list of character you to use in order of
preference. The four highest you prefer, not already taken, are yours to
use (you can use less than four if you want.) If you prefer a certain
group combination, but would rather have another line-up if one character
is unavailable list groups in preference of what you'd want. BTW- Do not
ask for characters all from one series, mix and match them.

The same goes for disasters, write and ask which disasters you want to
use and roughly when they'd attack the group.  I'll be more accepting of
multiple uses of a disaster as they may be able to run across another
group after being defeated by a previous group.

The deadline for the final version will be February 14, 1998.  I'll write
to all the author volunteers about the stories in an attempt to help tie
them all closer together. 

Information about events:

The entire series will cover twelve or thirteen 'fiction' days.

Genom is taking over the super-world by restoring order to it.

Information on a change in Ryoga: He can not get lost. For some
inexplicable reason the merger turned him from lost boy to someone who
knows where every-place is. This doesn't, however, allow him to now where
items are, but you can ask him where the Silky Doll is and he'll tell
you, even though he's never been there. 



