ANIME SURVIVOR Part III

by Cabbit Lover

	Same disclaimers as last time: Don't own these guys, don't sue me, 
blah blah blah.

	Ann, or "Natsumi" as she was called in her human form, started 
running around naked and referring to it as "going native".  It shocked the 
living hell out of the Moon Tribe, but the ratings of Survivor skyrocketed.

	Noboyuki also "went native".  Sadly, in his case they received 
complaints from viewers, some of them accusing him of being a copycat 
but most of them about not wanting to see a middle-aged, overweight guy 
running around with his you-know-what hanging out even if the censors 
*were* blurring it.  He was so embarrassed he put his clothes back on.

	While on a hunt for food, Usagi got a look at Ryo-Ohki.  True to Ami's 
quip (see the last installment), Usagi's instant response to the adorable 
cabbit was, "Ohh, it's so *cuuute!*"  She then proceeded to chase the "new 
pet" around until Ryoko clonked her.

	Finally, the Immunity Challenge came     up.  Sasami and Makoto held a 
cook-off to see who was the better chef.
	First, Sasami created a fish meal, which everyone had a bite of.  The 
fish meal went well, and Tenchi said, "My compliments to the chef!"
	"Now let's try mine," smiled Makoto.  Hers was a beef dish.  
Everyone had a taste, and suddenly Natsumi Ginga shape-shifted back to 
her true form, her eyes swelling up and watering.
	"Oh, crud!" groaned Makoto, a giant sweatdrop forming on her brow 
as a fireball erupted from Ann's mouth.  "I forgot about Ann's sensitivity 
to spicy food!"
	"You forgot?" screamed Ann.  "You OFORGOT'?!"
	"Now, Ann, don't be hasty..." said Makoto nervously, trying to calm 
down the former Doom Tree servant.
	"OHasty' THIS!" screamed Ann, her evil instincts taking over as 
lightning bolts launc   -hed from her hands.  Makoto screamed and ran.
	Minako sighed, then walked off-camera.  One muttered "Venus 
Power," and Sailor Venus came onto the scene.  "Venus...Love 
Me...Chaaaaaiiinnnn!"  The Chain wrapped itself around Ann, binding her 
arms together.
	"Eep!" squeaked the alien girl.  "Wh-what're you going to do to me?"
	"The same thing we did to Ail," said Makoto.  "A one, and a two, and 
a..."
	A loud thump was heard, and Ann screamed as she was sent flying 
over the island and into the ocean.
	"So much for her, or for tonight's Tribal Council," muttered Ayeka.
	

	Next time on Anime Survivor: an old-fashioned battle of Sailor Scout 
magic versus Juraian power, plus a guest-starring appearance by the North 
Star Fist himself, Kenshiro!  Be here for the next unbelievable chapter!
