	ANIME SURVIVOR PART 2 (first draft)
	
	by Cabbit Lover

	AUTHOR'S NOTE: The same notices as before: Tenchi Muyo! is owned 
by Pioneer.  Sailor Moon is owned by DiC and is the brainchild of Naoko 
Takeuchi. Survivor is owned by CBS (I think), and Fist of the North Star is 
owned by Streamline Pictures (I think).

	The next three days...
	
	Ami Mizuno and Makoto Kino (as Sailors Mercury and Jupiter, 
respectively) were out searching for fresh water.  "Damn rules," muttered 
Makoto.  "Having to tone down the mini-Crystal Tokyo so we can't just 
have fresh water magically flowing through the fountains..."
	"Yeah," sighed Ami, "but like the hosts said, the name of the show is 
Survivor, not World Domination."  She slipped on her VR goggles and 
started her search.  "Searching for water sources...no...no...no...Yes!  Oh, 
hell, it's contaminated..."
	"Why don't you just, I dunno, use your powers to purify the water?" 
asked Makoto.
	"Remember, the show is called Survivor, not..." Ami began to repeat.
	"SO THE IDEA IS TO *SURVIVE!!*" screamed an enraged Makoto.  Then 
she calmed down and said, "Sorry, but the situation's getting desperate."
	Ami sighed, then said, "Okay, but if we get into trouble, remember, 
this was *your* idea."  She then raised her arms.  "Here goes...SHINE AQUA 
ILLUSION!!"  The wave of water created by the Shine Aqua Illusion attack 
flowed into the polluted river, and true to Makoto's guess, purified it, 
turning it clear and blue.
	"We did it!  Yay!!" squealed Makoto.

	Meanwhile, Sasami and Ryoko were on a similar quest for food, since 
the supplies were starting to run out.  They had found an abandoned 
supermarket, and Ryoko noticed, "The lights are even on.  That's lucky!"
	"Ryoko, wait!" cried Sasami.  "I have a bad feeling about the place!"  
The "bad feeling", of course, was a combination of Sasami's own 
precognitive ability and telepathic warnings from Tsunami.
	As Ryoko walked into the supermarket, she heard a rough voice say, 
"Hello, sweetmeat."  She turned to see a bald-headed thug dressed in 
motorcycle leathers and wielding a grappling hook.
	"Who are you?" Ryoko demanded.
	"The name's Rygar, toots," smiled the thug.  "My gang runs this 
place.  It's our personal food store, and I'm the, ah, Osecurity guard' here.  
You wanna eat, you gotta deal with me."
	Suddenly, Sailor Jupiter rushed in.  "Hey, what's this?" she 
demanded upon seeing Rygar.
	"He calls himself Rygar," Ryoko introduced.  "I think he's the next 
Immunity Challenge."
	"But the Immunity Challenge isn't for another two days," Jupiter 
pondered.  Then she shrugged.  "What the hell...So we gotta collect as much 
food as we can grab in three minutes, right?"
	"While avoiding *these* jerks, it would seem," concurred Ryoko.
	"Leave it to me," said Sailor Jupiter.  "JUPITER...THUNDER..."
	Unfortunately, while Jupiter was just standing there, going through 
the Jupiter Thunder Crash sequence, Rygar whipped out his grappling hook.  
As it wrapped around Jupiter's body, she yelled, "Hey, no fair, you big jerk!  
You could at least have waited till I finished!"
	"What'd you expect me to do," snapped Rygar, "just stand there till 
you finished doing what you were doing?"
	"Damn, it works so well on yoma," grumbled Sailor Jupiter.
	"Oh, yoo-hoo, Rygar!" taunted Ryoko, who'd already gotten to a 
shopping cart.  "While you're busy with *her,* what're you doing about 
*me?*"  And she ran off with the cart before Rygar could say anything.
	While Rygar fumed, Sailor Jupiter managed to get close enough to 
the gang tough to kick him in the nads.  As he fell to the ground gasping 
and choking, Sailor Jupiter managed to get loose from the chains, grabbed 
a cart, and dashed down the aisles.
	"Carrots for Ryo-ohki, veggies, pork, beef," Ryoko muttered as she 
went through the shopping list.  Stopping by the liquor section, she saw 
something that made her smile.  "Ah-*ha,* I knew I forgot something!  
Sake!"
	Sailor Jupiter went through her own list.  "Hmm, better not get 
anything too spicy.  Ann had some kind of reaction to spicy food once."
	Just then, both women noticed something through the window of the 
rear entrance, where the employees entered the supermarket and 
deliveries were picked up.  "Hmm?  What are gold bars doing in the rear of 
the store?"
	"Dunno," said Ryoko, "but there's no way I'm passing *those* by!"  
She raced through the rear entrance.
	"Ryoko, wait!" yelled Sailor Jupiter, also running through the 
entrance.
	Then they saw that the gold bars were being watched by the rest of 
the gang, all tough bruisers, including the women.  At least one of them 
must have been a *smart* bruiser as well, because connected to the store 
through some cables was some kind of jury-rigged generator.  *That 
explains why the power was on,* reasoned Sailor Jupiter.
	The biggest, nastiest member of the lot, obviously the leader, 
stepped in front of them.  "The name's Bulla," he said.  The name fit, from 
the size of the giant to the horns on some helmet he wore.  He looked like 
a cross between a wrestler and some Viking reject.  "You better be them 
hookers we phoned earlier, or else."
	"Sorry, no," said Ryoko flatly.  "Looks like it's Oelse,' then."  The two 
young ladies prepared to defend themselves.
	Bulla charged.  But Ryoko summoned her energy sword and sliced off 
the horns!  Bulla was so shocked by the lightsaber, he paused long enough 
for Ryoko to punch his lights out with her super-strength.
	"Hey, that bitch kayoed Bulla!" yelled one of them.
	"We can't let her get away with that!" yelled another, and the 
remaining punks charged en masse.
	*Judging from Rygar,* Sailor Jupiter thought, *they're not gonna 
stand long enough for a Thunder Crash either.  Guess I'll have to rely on my 
karate.*  Which she did with ease, kicking and chopping and blocking.  But 
it soon became evident that her attackers were skilled in martial arts as 
well, and she was outnumbered to boot.
	But just as Sailor Jupiter was starting to get clobbered, Ryoko came 
to the rescue.  "Naughty, naughty!" she wisecracked.  "It ain't nice to gang 
up on a girl like that.  Here's *my* kind of odds!"  And with that, she began 
to unleash laser blasts at the punks, scattering them.
	Meanwhile, at the front of the shop, Sasami and Sailor Mercury had 
finished having a discussion.  Sasami even showed Mercury a picture of 
Ryo-ohki.  "If Usagi saw that little furball in person," chuckled Ami, 
"she'd be all over her like white on rice!"
	Sasami giggled.  "Ryo-ohki *is* cute."  Then she gasped.  "Ryoko and 
your friend have just been in a fight!"
	"Are they all right?" exclaimed Sailor Mercury worriedly.
	"Yep," smiled Sasami.  "In fact, the baddies are running from them, 
and heading this way!"
	"Freeze, dirtbags!" shouted Sailor Mercury as the gang ran out the 
door.  "MERCURY ICE BUBBLES FREEZE!"  With those words, the fleeing 
thugs were encased in ice!
	"Wow!" said Sasami admiringly.  "That was neato!"
	"Thanks for the compliment," smiled Sailor Mercury.  "Now, if only 
this was a more civilized area so we could turn them over to the police..."

	As it turned out, the gang wasn't the Immunity Challenge, but the 
hosts were willing to let it "pass" for one.  And since it had been a Sailor 
Scout who caught them, that meant that the Scouts won.  Ryoko (who voted 
for "that damn Sailor Mercury!") wound up having to leave, voted off by 
both Ayeka and Sasami.

	THE END

	(Announcement to readers: I need ideas for stories, plots, Immunity 
Challenges, and who should get voted off.  Send them to me at 
TCSHAN@aol.com please.  Thank you.)
