 
Chapter 1: Meetings 

       Ayeka was walking down the hall to Tenchi's bedroom with a bottle of 
Champaign in her hands. She reached Tenchi's room and opened the door only to 
see
 Tenchi and Ryoko sleeping in his bed, with Tenchi's arm around Ryoko's waist. 
At the sight of this Ayeka gasped and was about to drop the bottle of Champaign 
but
 held on to it so she wouldn't wake them up. She ran out of the house to the 
lake, fell to her stomach and cried. She calmed down after a little while.

        

       'Why Tenchi? You already know Yosho did this to before, why did you have 
to repeat it` Ayeka thought, feeling like crying again.

        

        She washed her face with the lake's water before she could start crying 
again. Looking at her reflection in the lake, she decided to leave. Looking at 
her
 reflection once more, she decided to go to Tokyo. 

        

       She walked back to the house. She went to her room, packed 2 sets of 
clothes into a backpack. She grabbed some money from Noboyuki's wallet and left 
the
 house, making sure to be quiet. 

        

       She headed to the bus stop and waited for the bus to arrive. While she 
was waiting, she couldn't help to think about what she saw. 'No. I will not cry 
anymore. I
 have to be strong. I won't let them hurt me,' Ayeka thought just as the bus 
arrived. She got on the bus, paying the toll and sat down looking forward to her 
new life.

        

     ~~~~~~~~ In Tokyo~~~~~~

 Ayeka was walking around feeling a bit happier now that she
 was away from Tenchi and Ryoko, and now she could be
 herself if she wanted to.

  

  'Hmm this is the life, no so-called father trying to get me to
 marry someone I don't want to, no Tenchi and Ryoko, but - `
 WHAM. 

 

 Ayeka fell straight on her butt, after bumping into someone.
 She looked to see who it was she saw 5 boys. One was getting
 up while another helped. Another one was laughing and the
 other 2 were leaning against a wall.

 

 The boy that was getting up was Chinese and had black hair
 tied up into a ponytail with black eyes. The boy that was
 laughing had brown hair pulled into a braid and cobalt brown
 eyes. The boy that was helping the Chinese boy up had
 platinum blond hair and blue eyes.

  

 One of the boys leaning against the wall had brown hair and
 forest green eyes, with his bangs covering one eye. The other
 boy against the wall had messy brown hair and cold Prussian
 blue eyes.

  

The platinum blonde said, "Hi my name is Quatre Rab-," before he could finish 
the boy with the braid interrupted him.

       

      "Come on Quatre no one wants to know your whole name, hi I'm Duo, the one 
you bumped into and
 is now calling you a weak onna is Wufei, the one with his bangs covering one 
eye is Trowa, and the
 other one on the wall next to him is Heero. They don't talk much," said the one 
with the braid, now known
 as Duo.

       

      "Hello, my name is Ayeka. Its nice to meet you," Ayeka said.

       

       "We're looking for Mihoshi village, know where it is," Duo asked.

       

       "Yes I do but it isn't called Mihoshi village anymore, its called MihoKio 
village now," Ayeka
 answered kindly. 

       

      "Uhh, why is it called MihoKio village," Quatre asked.

       

      "Cause the two leaders of that village died the same time the village got 
destroyed and became
 dust," Ayeka told them.

       

      "Do you still want me to tell you where it is," Ayeka asked  

       

      "No thanks. We don't need help from a weak onna like you," Wufei said 
glaring at her.

       

      Ayeka was taken back by what he said. At first she felt like crying, but 
then she remembered what
 everyone use to say to her back at the Masaki household.

 

Flashback

       

Tenchi, Ryoko, Washu, Sasami, and Yosho were all heading out to a clearing to 
train. They were going to teach Sasami how to fight. 

       

      "Hey, do you mind if I come with you," Ayeka asked catching them just 
before they left.  

       

      "No Ayeka. You won't be able to handle the training," said Tenchi.

       

      "Yes Ayeka. We don't want you to get hurt," Ryoko said.

       

      Everyone nodded their agreement and left, not bothering to say good-bye or 
when they were going
to be back. They just walked away. 

End Flashback

 

'How could have not seen it then. Everyone else was in on it. They all betrayed 
me,' Ayeka thought ready to cry. Then she remembered what that Wufei said. She 
then
got mad.

       

      The boys thought that she was going to cry because of what Wufei said. 
What she did though fully
surprised all of them, even Trowa and Heero. There on the ground again was Wufei 
holding his nose
because it was bleeding. They looked at Ayeka and saw her right hand in a fist. 

       

      'She just punched Wufei,' Quatre, Trowa, Duo, and Heero thought.

       

      "HAHAHAHAHA. Wu-man got beat by a GIRL," said Duo and continued laughing.

       

      Then a gun was in Ayeka's face.

       

      "Who are you and whom do you work for," asked Heero who was holding the 
gun.

       

      "I don't know what you're talking about. My name is Ayeka and I don't work 
for anyone," said Ayeka
a little scared. 

       

      "Baka onna. Why the hell did you punch me for," asked Wufei glaring at 
her. His nose no longer
bleeding.

       

      "You called me a weak onna," said Ayeka mad. She was really getting mad by 
Wufei, and really
wanted to beat him in to a bloody pulp.

       

      "Well you are weak. All onnas are weak," yelled Wufei, also mad.

       

      BAM. And again Wufei was on the ground, but this time holding his stomach. 
Ayeka punched him
again, this time a lot harder. Duo started cracking up laughing. Ayeka didn't 
care if Heero had a gun
pointing at her. She wasn't going to let him call her weak, like she let the 
others do. Wufei got up.

       

      "DAMN IT ONNA. STOP PUNCHING ME," yelled Wufei.

       

      "STOP CALLING ME WEAK THEN. YOU CALL ME A WEAK ONNA WHEN YOU YOUR SELF
LOOK LIKE AN ONNA WITH THAT PONYTAIL OF YOURS," Ayeka yelled back. She was way 
beyond
pissed. 

       

      Now Duo rolling on the ground laughing from what Ayeka said. Quatre was 
trying to hold his laughter
in, Trowa looked at this scene amusement in his eyes, and Heero out away the 
gun, leaned against the
wall also watching this scene but his face had no emotions.

       

      "I DO NOT LOOK LIKE A GIRL YOU BAKA ONNA," Wufei yelled.

       

      "Your right, you look like a BAKA ONNA," Ayeka yelled back.

       

      "I do not look like a baka onna," Wufei yelled louder than he did the 
first time.

       

      "FINE, YOU ARE A WEAK BAKA ONNA" Ayeka yelled back, getting madder than 
she already was.

       

      "WHAT" Wufei was getting pissed.

       

      "Please stop it both of you" Quatre interrupted their fight.

       

      "I' m sorry but unless he apologizes to me I will NOT take back anything I 
said" Ayeka said a little
calm to him.

       

      "HA, as if I'll take back anything I said, especially when It's true" 
Wufei was smirking now.

       

      Next thing you could see is Wufei laying on the ground once more this time 
he was knocked out and
you could hear Duo laughing his heart out rolling on the ground for a while, 
then .

       

      Disclaimer: I don't own anything but story.

 
 


