Hey this is the first fanfic I have ever wrote.  So e-mail me if you like
it.  E-mail is klewis8@austin.rr.com

Disclaimer:  I DO NOT own any Tenchi characters or Mega Man X characters
Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, and the rest are owned by Pioneer and X,
Zero, Sigma are owned by Capcom.  Suing me would be pointless.  I have no
cash, so don't waste your time.  Now that's out of the way on with story.
The tenchi gang teams up with Gohan, Vegeta, Zero, and X and train for the
World Martial Arts tournament.


                    Another World Martial Arts Tounament?
    Tenchi,  Ryoko, and Ayeka were  just walking up.  Sasami,  as usual, was
making  breakfast.   Tenchi  went  to  go  take  his  shower  and Ryoko  and
Ayeka were following  the scent of Sasami's food which  was being put on the
table.  Kiyone  and Mihoshi, who had been out on  patrol just walked in with
Yosho following behind.  Sasami went to get Washu out of her lab when Tenchi
came down.  Mayuka came down after Tenchi.  Ryo-oki was trying to get to the
carrot bin  and steal  a carrot, but  Washu had installed  a hologram device
that  made the  bin look  empty.  A  loud meow  was heard through  the house
followed by a soft thump.
    When  Ryoko saw  Tenchi she teleported  behind him and wrapped  her arms
around  his  neck.   Which  of  course  triggered Ayeka  to  start  yelling.
    " Ryoko, get off of Lord Tenchi" yelled Ayeka.
    " Why, I think he likes it"  Ryoko retorted.
    " Ryoko, get off please" Tenchi gently said.
    " Oh fine" said Ryoko.
     Everyone sat  down and  started eating.   Things were going  fine until
Ayeka and Ryoko started insulting each other.  Not to mention all the energy
being  tossed around  too.  Although  any shot  that missed it's  target was
sucked into a sub space dimension, courtesy of Washu.
    After breakfast Tenchi, Ryoko, Vegeta, Gohan, X, and Zero met outside to
train.  The world martial arts tounament was going to start in a few days .
Tenchi and  Zero started swinging  at each other with  their energy swords.
Zero had  his sword and Tenchi  had Tenchi-ken.  Ryoko, and  the others were
having a free for all.
    Zero  and Tenchi battle was getting  pretty intense.  They were slashing
and  parrying each other.   Zero jumped in  the air  and came down  with his
sword.  Tenchi did  a roll and sprang to his feet.  When  he got on his feet
he dashed  at Zero and took  a swing at him.  Zero  parried and both of them
dashed away from each other.
    Meanwhile, Vegeta and  Gohan started taking swings at each other.  Gohan
through a punch at Vegeta but, Vegeta caught it.  Gohan then sent a kick out
but, Vegeta caught that too.  Vegeta then flew into the ground with Gohan in
front of  him.  After that Vegeta  flew back a little  but Gohan blurred and
appeared  behind him  Gohan  punched Vegeta  in the back.   He then  made an
energy ball  in that hand and sent it out.  Vegeta  went into the ground and
then the ball exploded.
     Ryoko and  X were  taking pot  shots at  each other.  Ryoko  was making
energy  balls and tossing  them at X.   X was  shooting the balls  which was
triggering mass explosions.  Ryoko teleported behind X with her energy sword
and slashed  at him.  X then  brought his own sword  out that Washu had made
for him and blocked the blow.  X sword was blue and had a thicker blade then
Tenchi-ken.  Then X dashed  backwards and start shooting with his X buster.
Ryoko  was dodging  every shot  and threw  some of  her own energy  balls at
him.  X shot a few  more times until an energy ball hit him.  Ryoko also got
pegged too.
    Vegeta was  engulfed in  Super Sayin energy  as he powered  up his Final
Flash.  Gohan  powered up  a kameahameaha.  Ryoko was  concentrating her gem
energy into a beam  and X was charging his G-Crush attack (Chest armor in X2
allowed X to do this for those who don't know).
"Kaaaaaaaaaaaa......maaaeeeeeee....."   Gohan  said.   The  energy ball  was
getting larger as he said this.
"hhhaaaaaaaaaaa.....maaaaeeeeee....HHHHHHAAAAAAAA!!!!!"  Gohan yelled as the
kameahameaha wave  made a bee line for Vegeta.  "FINAL  FLASH" yelled Vegeta
as his energy wave  sprang to life in between his palms and fired to counter
Gohans beam.   X just exploded with energy from  his attack.  Ryoko fired at
X.  The beams hit and commenced to explode on contact.  Before the explosion
got to big however, Washu sent it to the dimension that Kain was exiled too.
    "What the hell" Kain said.
    "Ah DAMN" Kain yelled.
    Needless to say, he doesn't exist anymore.
    Tenchi, Ryoko, and everyone else was lying on the ground in major pain.
Washu came  out in her nurse  uniform and put everyone  onto a stretcher and
wheeled them into her lab.
    While everyone was  recovering from the lab, Sasami made dinner.  Vegeta
and Gohan were freaking  out because Washu wanted to perform some "tests" on
them.  Finally  everyone got out of there.  More  like ran but, they escaped
nonetheless.
     Everyone was  eating dinner and  as usuall,  a fight broke  out between
Ryoko and  Ayeka.  Before  anything happened though, there  was an explosion
outside.    Everyone   rushed   outside    to   see   what   had   happened.
    As  it turned  out someone obviously had  a grudge to  settle because he
sent his androids after  them.  Tenchi and Zero brought their swords out and
everyone else  started to power up.  Gohan went into  super sayin 2 form and
got into  a fight  with one of the  cell jrs.  Vegeta went  super sayin, and
Ryoko got  into her  battle armor.  X  transformed into his  white armor and
Zero  stayed the  same.   The Androids  were much  stronger then  dr. gero's
model.  Gohan was punching  and kicking his android with everything he had.
On the next kick  though the android grabbed his foot and threw him into the
air.  Then another little  bastard shot a kameahamaeha at Gohan it connected
and Gohan went to the ground.
    Vegeta  was getting beaten  up pretty bad.  His android  was beating the
crap out him.   Tenchi and X went over to help but  2 cell jrs. stopped them
with ki blasts.  Vegeta finally saw an opening and quickly charged an energy
blast, but he didn't fire it.  Instead he punched the android in his stonach
and then  shot the  energy straight through  it.  The android  fell down and
vegeta finished it off with a Big Bang Attack.
     No one  had  noticed what  Zero and  Ryoko were  doing.  Zero  had been
charging energy in his  Z buster and Ryoko was also charging her energy to.
Then they  fired and all the good guys noticed what  they were doing and got
the hell out of  there The androids flew away too but the beams had combined
and  then split  so it  could hit all  of them.   All the androids  tried to
overpower it with their  own blasts but Zero and Ryoko had put to much power
in it.  It hit all the remaining androids who disentegrated on contact. Then
the beams hit the ground which triggered an explosion.  There is now a large
wasteland in part of the forest.
     Everyone went  to the lab  to get  healed.  Vegeta needed  some serious
healing  because he  had gotten pretty  beaten up  before he had  gained the
upper hand.  Everyone else needed to rest and heal.

Author Notes
So how was  it?  i don't know know when i'll get  around to the next chapter
but i think i  will get to it soon.  o well tell  me what you think of it so
far.
