'The Blance of Power' by Patrick Maurer
2-21-99


Disclamer: All characters within this fan fic do not belong to me(well
a few do). I am not making any money off this endeavor whatsoever
(really) so there's no real reason to sue me for this.(I hope.)

Author's Notes: I had originally intended for this to be a short 2 part
story with a tidy ending, with Washu sending the teknomen back and
everyone going their seperate ways. Well an e-mail I received asked me
if I was going to introduce more characters, this got my already
overactive imagination going. I figured why not expand the story beyond
its' initial 2 parts and here is the end result(well not all of it just
the first chapter). Also bear in mind it's been a while sicne Teknoman
was aired on UPN so I don't know or remember everything about the
series.
It's advised that you read An Unusual Day at the Masaki Residence
before reading this fic.

Chapter 1
'So you're saying we're stuck here?'

Year 1998

	"What's going on?" Tetsuro asked. Beside him, staring at the 
monitor, Katsuhito and Mizuki were wondering the same.
	On the screen in front of them, showing the space crafts engine
room, where chaos was ensueing. Mihoshi had hit the wrong button 
accidentally and Washu was attempting to fix it.
	Scanning another monitor, that was hooked up to the ships computer,
Katsuhito began to worry.

	In order to conserve energy it's common for a ships' artaficial
gravity system to automatically shut down while within a planets
atmosphere, and Washus' prototype was not an exception. So when the
engines kicked in, propeling the ship forward and pulled up heading
towards the sky, it's current occupants where thrown against the back
wall.
	Caught off guard, Sho and Agito where slammed into the opposite
bulkhead before activating their gravity controllers.
	Mihoshi was wedged beneath a computer terminal and the increasing
g-forces kept her there.
	Ax, Saber and Rapier latched onto whatever bolted down structures
that they could.
	Washu was spared the jarring due to the harness of her seat, which
kept her in place.
	The screen in front of her was still flashing a warning about the
engines emergency activation sequence. While her mind was racing to find
a way to regain control, upon accepting the coordinates the computer had
locked her out, and with the coordinates incomplete there was no telling
what would happen when they came out of the other side of the black
hole.
	As the g-forces increased the ship began to tremble, signafying that
the gravity engines were coming on line. 
	Outside, the ships' hull was covered in the blue glow of the
displacement sheilds that protected ship and occupants during a trip
through a black hole. As the craft bored through the upper atmosphere
the gravity engines reached full power and projected a black hole at a
distance in front of the craft.
	Abruptly the warning on the screen changed, at the same time, Washus'
eyes popped out as she scaned the text. 'WARNING: DISPLACEMENT SHIELD
STRESS REACHING CRITICAL LEVELS.'
	She tried to scream, but there was too much pressure on her lungs to do
so.
	To anybody who could see it, the ship seemed to stretch out and curve
along the spiral path of the black holes' gravitational pull straight
into the event horizon.
 
Year 2099

	Just seconds after the mysterious ship was pulled into the black
hole, a new one appeared, this one appeared to be fluctuating.
	The same ship flew out of the event horizon, defying all known laws of
nature, as the black hole collapsed upon itself and was gone, the blue
aura of energy around the ship was fading.
	"This ship appears to be identical to the one that just left." Tina
commented.
	"Send out a hail," Jamison ordered.
	Tina typed in the commands and waited for a response, as she did the
ship began its' descent into the atmosphere. "No response," she said
after a few seconds.

	Washu was not having a very good day. After reestablishing her
control over her ship she found that the stress of using the ships main
engine within a gravity well had resulted in several systemwide
failures. Gravity drive, external sensors, sublight engines, weaponry,
primary coolant and communications were all out.
	Simultaneously she diverted enough power to the inertial dampers to
allow normal movement while firing the maneuvering thrusters to take
them out of a staight fall and into an s-pattern flight path.
Unfortunately, even under the best circumstances the prototype wasn't
very capable in an atmosphere and flying at over mach 5 with minimal
engine power was a far cry from ideal flight conditions.
	As everone regained their footing and Washu struggled with the
controls the ship rocked with an explosion against the outer hull.
	"Crap." Washu screamed, as engine power diminished. "What the hell
was that?"
	Mihoshi managed to find another operational computer and bring up a
video feed from the extrenal cameras. Most of them weren't operating but
on one she saw a high-tech looking aircraft unleash a volly of missels
at them.
	Before Mihoshi could cry out a warrning she and everyone else who
was standing were knocked back to the floor.

	"Sir, the unidentified ship is now under fire from military
aircraft." Tina reported.
	"Has there been a response?" Jamison asked.
	"None."
	"Based on its current velocity where and when will it land?"
	Entereing the data into the computer and scanning the output she
said, "In the next 93 seconds it'll reach ground roughly 3 miles due
east of here."

	Washu wasn't sure how fast they were going when they hit, but it was
enough to dislodge her chair from the bolts that held it to the floor,
and send her flying across the room.
	Coming in at an almost shallow angle the crafts' rocket gauged
underbelly threw up several tons of dirt and rock in the initial impact.
But too much momentum had built up for it to stop there. For several
hundred feet it destroyed forest before careening off of a mountain
side, and setteled after a couple humdred more feet of tree crushing.
	While Sho and Agito were making sure an unconscious Washu and
Mihoshi were alright, Saber, Ax and Rapier took this as their que to
escape.
	Agito looked up in time to see the Teknomen slip out into the maze of
hallways. "Sho, stay here and keep an eye on them, I'll be back in a
minute," he said before sprinting away.
	After Agito left and satisfied that the girls were fine except for
being knoked out during the crash, Sho retracted his armor and passed
out on the floor, not realising just how drained he was.

	It hadn't taken long to find a breach in the outer hull and make it big
enough to allow a Teknoman to fit through. Ax and Rapier were allready
out and Saber was about to follow when a dropkick from Agito to the back
of his skull sent him head first into the bulkhead.
	Spinning around, Saber connected with a powerful right hook across
Agitos' face.
	"Go on ahead," he said. "I'll catch up when I've evened things out
with this one." Then laid out another set of punches with mixed success.
	Hovering above the crippled ship Ax and Rapier decided not to
question orders, because they saw a set of familiar craft approaching
and in there current state they were no match for the renagade Slade.
	Shaking off the dizziness, Agito unleashed a volly of front round-
house kicks to Sabers' flank.
	Deflecting a kick Saber brought both hands down in a sledgehammer
blow that caught Agito on the shoulder and sent him to the floor.
	Pulling his weapon from hammer space, holding it in a two-handed
grip, Saber held it high, ready to end the fight when a familiar voice
from behind caused him to hesitate.
	"Hello brother," Slade said.
	Saber turned in time to see a large metalic fist rushing towards him,
and deliver a knock-out punch.
	'Brother?' Agito thought. Looking up he saw a another Teknoman, this
one had a lighter color scheme on his armor and the glowing eyes were
green instead of red.
	Holding his lance in both hands Slade asked, "You got a name?"
	Feeling worse than he looked Agito managed to mumble his name before
fatigue overcame him and he passed out.

6 hrs. later

	"What have you to report?" Jamison asked, looking around the
conference room. Slade, Ringo, Star, Tina, Mac and Maggie sat evenly
around the large steel table with Jamison standing in front of his own
chair.
	Mac stood and cleared his throat before speaking. "So far we haven't
learned musch about the ship itself, most of the systems are off-line or
locked up by a system crash the rest need a password for access and
that'll take some time to get around. We haven't compleately explored
the ship yet, but so far we've found a number of shield generators more
advanced than any we could hope to build and we still can't figure what
the ship uses for a primary propulsion system."
	Nodding, Jamison asked, "And what about our guests?"
	This time Ringo spoke, "Using Pagus' interlock chamber we were able to
change Saber back to his human form, he's now locked up in a holding
cell and his Teknocrystal's being examined in the lab."
	Star continued, "The other four were placed in the infirmary and are
about as puzzling as the ship itself. The girl and woman weren't
carrying any I.D. though they came to not long ago and are being
questioned now. When we entered the ship there was a boy who appeared to
be wearing some sort of armor that retracted off his body by itself and
disappeared after he passed out. He and the other boy were carrying
these." She picked up to plain-looking wallets and handed them to
Jamison.
	Opening the wallets he noted they both had a form of paper currency he
wasn't familiar with. The first one also contained a library card, a bus
pass and a few loose coins, the bus pass was to a Sho Fukamachi, age 17,
grade 12, and an experation date on July 2, 1999. The second wallet also
had a bus pass, this one to Agito Makishima, same age, grade and
experation date.
	"And they still haven't regained consciousness yet?" Jamison asked.
	"No sir," responded Star.

	Since waking up, a balding man in a white lab coat with wire rimmed
glasses that were impossibly thick, tried prying information out of
them. Washu only told the doctor that she'd only speak with someone in
charge and also told Mihoshi not to say anything. Eventually, realizing
it was useless, the doctor left.
	In the mean time Washu examined the room they were kept in. There
were two flat and uncomfortable beds which she and Mihoshi sat on in
roughly the center of the room. The 13x15 walls, floor and ceiling were
all the same plain grey steel adorned with various pieces of medical
equipment that was by her standards, somewhat crud, despite being top of
the line. The only window was a two way mirror on the wall behind them,
and the only door was locked.
	Satisfide that they weren't prisoners, at least not yet, Washu laid
back down on the bed, staring past the florescent light fixtures and
pondred their situation.
	Mihoshi sat on her bed, quietly waiting for Washu to do or even say
something.

	Slade stood just outside the examination room so he could watch
anything happened on the other side of the two way mirror and look in on
Shara accross the hall, currently his sister was asleep.
	Turning his attention back to the examination room a doctor was
talking about test results from the four strangers.
	"These two although outwardly they seem human the tests we ran on
blood samples we took shows that their DNA is definately of alien
origin," the doctor was saying. "The red haired one seems to be in
charge and wishes to speak with Commander Jamison."
	"Really?" Jamison asked.
	"Well not by name, but she wants' to speak with the person in
charge."
	"And the other two?" Ringo inquired.
	"Compleatly human and still comatose, although we did find these on
both of their backs." The doctor held up several 8x10 photos. "They
appear to be tumorouse growths and are located between the shoulder
blades, each growth has some sort of nerve system that leads into the
spinal cord."
	Looking at the pictures, than at the two patients in the other room,
Jamison waited a few seconds and said, "I'll go talk to her."

	All of Washus' thoughts broke off when she herd the door unlock and sat
up when it opened.
	Closing the door behind him Jamison asked, "You wanted to speak with
the person in charge here?"
	"What year is it?" Washu asked flat out.
	"Um, the year is 2099."
	"I'm assuming this's earth."
	"Yes."
	"Good."
	"Mind if I ask for your names?"
	Jumping off the bed she said excitedly, "I am Washu the cutest, most
brilliant scientific mind in the univers."
	Jamison wasn't sure just how to respond to that.
	Standing up Mihoshi said, "Detective first class Mihoshi of the
Galaxy Police Force."
	Usually cool and composed Jamison began to feel uncomfortable.
	"What can you tell me about the ship we found you in?"
	"Anything you want, I built the damn thing."
	Jamison looked skeptical.
	"Um, when can we get something to eat?" Mihoshi cut in.
	
	Sitting at the far end of the mess hall Mihoshi wolfed down several
hamburgers while Ringo, Star, Slade and Maggie watched, wondering how
she could eat so much.
	Sitting at the other end of the table Jamison and Washu were on their
first and second cups of coffe respectively.
	"So you built that ship?" Jamison asked.
	"Yep."
	"Mind if I ask how old are?"
	Washu eyed him for a second then said, "You wouldn't believe me."
	"Fine then, what can you tell me about your two freinds still in a
coma."
	"I wouldn't call them freinds exactly, I hven't known them for more
than a day. I guess you're wondering about the growths on their backs?"
	"Yes, that and how you beat three Teknomen into retreating from a
fight."
	Sighing Washu muttered, "This could take a while."
	
4 hrs. later

	Again seated around the conference table, Jamison spoke.
	"So far Washu has told me that the ship was a prototype capable of
FTL travel. By creating a black hole and flying through it, there was an
accident and the ship vanished and she was trying to get it back."
	"That the whole story?" Slade asked.
	"Definately not. Neither was compleatly forthcoming with information."
	"There's something wiered about that kid," Ringo said.
	"I don't think she's a kid," Jamison responded.
	"Although I don't think we have to worry too much about Mihoshi
though," Ringo added.
	"Oh, really?" Star said accusingly.
	In defense Ringo respnded, "Well aside from being too scatter brained
she's obsceenly accident prone."
	"Excuse me," Tina said over the intercom. "Commander you said you
wanted to be notified if there was any change in the condition of either
of the comatose boys."
	"Yes."
	"Sir they're both awake."

	"So how are you feeling?"
	Agito looked up at the doctor, "I've been worse."
	'Right' the Doc thought,"What's your name?"
	"Agito Makishima."
	"Age?"
	"17."
	"Count backwards starting from 100."
	Sighing Agito did as asked, "100, 99, 98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 91,
90, 89, 88, 87..."
	"Thank you, that's enough," the doctor said.
	"Where am I?"
	"I can't answer that yet."
	"Can you at least tell me my condition."
	"Pretty good considering you were comatose for just over 10 hours."
	After examining the IV in his arm the doctor left. Alone Agito closed
his eyes and focused on his telepathic link between Sho and him. It
wasn't as strong in human form as it was when bio-boosted but it was
sufficient to let him know that Sho was awake and in the room next to
his.
	"I thought you said he was awake?" an unfamiliar voice broke through
his thougts.
	Opening his eyes Agito saw the doctor had returned with someone else.
	"He is," the doctor stated.
	Jamison and Agito eyed each other for several seconds, sizeing each
other up.
	"Where am I?" Agito asked flat out.
	"You are in the medical center of the Space Knight's Command center."
	Surprised by a straight answer Agito raised an eyebrow. "I take it
that you're in command around here."
	"Yes, I am Commander Jamison and I have a great deal of questions for
you to answer."
	"Indeed."

	Both Ax and Rapier kneeled before Darkon mostly out of loyalty but
partly due to the fact they were too weakend to stand for very long.
Lance stood in the background, waiting to know what happened.
	"How could you let that pitiful renagade Slade beat you so badly?"
Darkons' voice resonated throughout the chamber.
	"It wasn't Slade who beat us," Rapier stated, weakly.
	"Then who?" their master demanded.
	"There were three of them," Ax started. "Two had some sort of armor,
one was black the other green. Their strength, endeurance and speed were
almost our equal."
	"Almost," Darkon said accusingly.
	"They were smaller, sleeker," Ax continued. "Their weaponry was far
more varied than ours." Pionting to several cracks in his armor, "The
blades on thier forarms cut through our armor more easily than anything
I've ever seen."
	"What other weapons did they posses?"
	"Beneath the chest plate was a weapon that matched our Teknobolt, 
a high quality laser on the forehead, an ultra sound emiter were the
mouth should've been, and some sort of gravity weapon at the waist."
	"Interesting," Darkon mused. "You said that there was another."
	"Yes," Rapeir responded. "He appeared to be an old man, but he
proved to be a far superior fighter than any human could be. He knew I
was a Teknoman and didn't seem to care. Throughout the fight I was
unable to touch him, he could project a very powerful force field and
wielded a blade of pure blue light that left me with this." Rapier
indicated the gash across his chest.
	Darokns' eyes flared momentarily at the mention of the sword.'No,' he
thought. 'Not the lighthawk sword.' If the wariors who they fought were
who he thought they were, things were unraveling at an uncontrollable
rate.
	"There's more," Ax said.
	Together, Ax and Rapier told their master of all the events of their
trip through time and each went into further detail about their fights,
despite the injury to their pride it caused.
	With their story finished Darkon dismissed them and began to pondure as
to what to do.
	 "An interesting tale," a voice spoke through the darkness.
	"Who?" the massive Teknoman asked, rising to his feet with incredable
speed. He spoke the inquiry not with outrage which was normal, but with
fear, because although he couldn't see the speaker the voice was
unmistakable.
	Stepping into view at the far end of the room the new Teknoman spoke
again, "You were my most promising protoge Darkon, not to mention my
most powerfull general."
	Droping to one knee Darkon said, "My lord No-Dachi, I didn't expect
your arrival so soon."
	"I'd herd that you've fallen behind schedule," No-Dachi said, slowly
closing the distance between them with each step. "And had to see for
myself whether or not those rumors were true."
	"Our initial assault was not wholly successful,"Darkon said. "One of my
new Teknomen went rouge and killed Gunnar. And the humans have proven
more clever than we anticipated, they've constructed new weaponry that
is giving them an edge."
	"What kind of an edge?"
	"A suit of power armor utilizing a Z-Tron powered weapon."
	"Anything else?"
	"Recently a second one of my Teknomen switched sides."
	"You're proving to be a huge dissapointment Darkon." No-Dachi's eyes
flared up.
	Cringing back and trying to keep the fear out of his voice. "The recent
escapee Shara will be dead within a week, she escaped before the process
was compleated."
	"So two of your Teknomen have rebelled, one is dead, another captured,
and the three of your four remaining are in no condition to fight. I'm
affraid this reflects poorly upon you."
	Darkon took the verbal beating in silence, not daring to question the
more powerful Teknoman.
	"I realize it may have been a mistake on my part in sending you here by
yourself without a second in command to assist you."
	'Oh no,' Darkon thought, seething.
	"That's why I brought Akimi with me, to assist you in compleating this
campeign swiftly."
	"That's not necessary my Lord."
	"Darkon," he laughed. "Do you think I'm asking?"
	"No sir."
	"Good, because right know she'll be taking care of the two renagades
about know."

	Mihoshi slowly looked around the new room she was sharing with Washu,
taking her time without anything better to do. Washu on the other hand
was frustratingly typing away on her translucent keyboard.
	"Damn," Washu grumbled.
	"What is it?" Mihoshi asked.
	"I can't access my subspace lab and I've yet to figure out why."
	"Mind telling me how you do that?" Jamison asked.
	Mihoshi and Washu looked up to see Jamison standing in the doorway,
eyeing Washu's computer.
	"Oh, commander," Washu started. "I didn't here the door open. You
really should knock before entering." The computer vanishing at her
mental command
	"Sorry but there're a lot of things we need to clarify about your
stories."
	"Uh, Miss. Washu," Mihoshi cut in.
	"What is it?" Washu asked, annoyed.
	"I was just woundering," she said, pointing out the window. "Do you
know what those are?"
	Looking out the window all of the color suddenly vanished from Washus'
face. "No," she breathed.
	Beyond the plexiglass the sun was being blotted out by the shapes of an
army of spider-crabs that were descending upon the base. Perimeter guns
began to fire as alarms blared throughout base.
	"This isn't possible."
	Jamison looked at her. "You know what those things are?"
	"I created them."
 
To Be Continued...

Whew, another one down, finally. I hope you enjor reading this as much
as I enjoy writing it.
Please, please, please send any questions and/or comments to
p_maurer84@hotmail.com
because feedback will definately motivate me to finish this story.
Also if anyone knows how or where episodes of Teknoman can be
purchased(and I mean the series UPN aired not the Tekkaman Blade II
tapes).