[Warhammer comes out.]

     WH: At first the fic that preceded this, I was just writing
to vent out my frustrations. Now, I got several more ideas from
thinking around. And this is the result.


Teknos Warhammer presents

The Balance
Part 1

A Tenchi Muyo fic.

     After the day's work had been completed, Mihoshi was already on her 
way home. Kiyone, on the other hand, wanted to stop at the Masaki home 
for a minute to talk to Washu. Of course, since they would probably be 
having dinner there, Kiyone made a note to call ahead. 

     Sasami was happy to hear that they were coming over. Kiyone just 
wanted to talk to Washiu for a minute and head home so she could sleep. 
But the thought of Mihoshi crying made Kyone think otherwise, much to 
her chagrin. It had been a while since they actually stayed at the 
Masaki home. Nobuyuki was one of the main reasons. 

     After the bus pulled up to the stairway to Tenchi's home, Kiyone 
almost didn't get off the bus. On account of one of the dreams that were 
haunting her recently. 

     It was dark. There was very little light. But what could be seen 
was made of a shining black marble. All ragged on the walls, but not the 
floor. 

        Also, there was two figures that were kneeling to the empty throne. She 
couldn't get a good enough picture of the figures, but she could 
remember there was a third, kneeling in fear in front of the throne. 

        On the throne, there was the outline of a bird. Of what little she knew 
of the autobahn, she figured it appeared to be a raven. The only thing 
that she could even pinpoint to that was an old legend. That old story 
about the Dark Raven, the one which most people couldn't even remember. 
Maybe Washu would know.

        That was what kept her from moving. While walking up the steps, she 
didn't know that she was being watched. 

In the same darkness as Kiyone's dream. A figure watched her with great 
interest. From the outline of the person, they would think that the 
person was female. 

Suddenly, two shadows appeared behind her. Both appeared to be female. 
Both wore heavy defensive armor. The first wore a red body suit with 
blue armor, while the second wore a blue body suit with black armor. 
Both knelt in an attitude of worship to their leader. 

"Did you send her the first dream?" The figure spoke to the shadows 
behind it. The first of the two nodded. The figure replied with no 
emotion in it at all. "Good. This evening, send her another. Make it the 
fate of Kain."

        The first bowed deeper and then vanished in a gust of wind. 

"Make sure that no one interferes with how it comes. That includes 
_their_ people as well. We're too close to her awakening to let anything 
upset the Balance more." The second shadow bowed and vanished in the 
same manner as the first. 

        Staring at the sight of Kiyone eating in the Masaki household, the 
figure saw the faces of the others at the table. 

        It started with the two princesses of Jurai. The figure frowned at 
Ayeka and began to growl at the sight of Sasami. There was no end to the 
malice in the figure's glare at the second princess. 

        The sight focused on Ryoko and Washuu. The same held true with 
these two as well. She merely frowned at Ryoko and her hatred was 
directed more at Washuu. 

        "So. That's how you two hid all those years after you sealed me 
up. Well... I certainly hope, for your sakes, she has more compassion 
for you than I do."

        Then she saw Mihoshi and the whole room began to rumble with the 
figure's anger. The person breathed the anger out and calm returned to 
the room. She quickly took the view away from Mihoshi, lest another wave 
of anger overcome it.

        Then, the sights focused on Tenchi, his father, and grandfather. 
Paying neither Nobuyuki or Katsuhito no heed, she gasped at the sight of 
Tenchi. She looked closer and saw beyond what normal eyes saw. 

        "So... you too hide in the guise of a human. I'm disappointed in 
you. Well, I certainly hope your meeting with me goes much smoother than 
our last." 

        The viewing into the Masaki home vanished and the figure returned 
to it's throne. Where it would wait for the proper time to act. 

        After dinner, Kiyone knocked on the door to Washu's lab to see if 
the woman  in question was there. Surely enough, the red haired woman 
answered. 

        "Evening Kiyone. What can I help you with?" 

        "Well, I have a question to ask. You got a minute?"

        "Leave Mihoshi in the house and you got a deal."

        Turning, Kiyone glared at Mihoshi and said, "You, stay here. I'll 
be back in a minute! Understood?" 

        Mihoshi's response was quicker than usual. It took her a whole 
fifteen seconds to absorb all of Kiyone's words and request. "Ok."

        Surely enough, the door opened and Kiyone dashed in, making sure 
that Mihoshi wouldn't get any ideas accidentally of coming with her.

        Moving past several strange contraptions that had no outside use 
to her, Kiyone waded through to Washu's present position.

        Washu turned on the floating cushion to her visitor. "Now, what 
can I help you with?" She said with a smile on her face. 

        "Well, I had a... dream of sorts that involved something you might 
know about. The Dark Raven?"

        Washu's eyes flew open. "Please tell me you are joking!" Kiyone 
shook her head. Washu seemed to lose her arrogant demeanor and turned 
away. 

        "Well... what is it?" Washu seemed hesitant with her answer, but 
replied all the same. 

        "The virtual opposite of the Light Hawk. The epitome of Chaos 
itself. A being that only leaves death to those who dare stand in its 
way. Just like the Light Hawk, it is a power than has hardly any bounds. 
Yet, I am not even sure if the Light Hawk is stronger. The more time a 
being like that stays out of sight, the more powerful it becomes."

        Kiyone's own eyes grew wide at the possible premonition of doom. 

        Washu turned back and said with an assuring smile, "Well, it's not 
really that likely that it'll come out. From what I do remember, it was 
very secretive and secluded being. It never did like showing itself. Too 
evil for it's own good, that's what I say."

        Kiyone wasn't sure about that. So, with her question answered, she 
turned to leave. 

        "Oh, Kiyone," Washu asked, "could you be so kind as to give me one 
of your hairs? I never got a chance to analyze you yet."

        Sighing, Kiyone turned around and yanked one of her hairs off her 
head. It hurt. A lot. She begrudgingly gave Washu the small sample and 
made her way out.

        "Good night Kiyone." Washu said chuckling. Oh how she loved 
annoying everyone. Especially Tenchi and Kiyone. There were so much fun. 
She set the hair aside and returned to her current experiment.    

        Later that night, Kiyone tossed and turned in her bed, 
perspiration covering her face. Her sleep was being haunted by more 
nightmares. 

        She was standing off to the side in that same room she kept on 
remembering. This time, there was a figure sitting in the throne. She 
couldn't see who it was, but it definitely looked feminine, even with 
the heavy cloak about the person's figure. There was another person in 
the room. Turning to the front of the throne, she gasped at who she saw. 
It was Kain! Apparently, he and the woman in the throne were talking. 

        "But I don't understand how I was defeated! It was impossible."

        "Quite to the contrary. You were beaten because of your arrogance 
and pitiful attempt at showing me up!"

        "I... I was merely following your will my lady!"

        "My will does not include causing the deaths and suffering of the 
innocent."

        "But..."

        "Kain...," the human-like figure of Kain tensed still as the woman 
continued, "...look up."

        Doing so, Kain never had any time to react as a beam of light 
pierced the area between his eyes. With a look of pure horror locked on 
his face, he fell backward. Kiyone gasped in surprise. The woman had 
only lifted a finger that shot the weapon that ended the criminal's 
life! 

        The woman stood up from the throne, walked to the lifeless body, 
turned it over, and said while caressing the human-like face behind the 
mask. The voice the woman spoke with was gentle and soothing. 

        "Kain... my beloved son. You have served me well. You have earned 
your rest." She gently placed him back on the ground and left him as the 
darkness engulfed him. Kiyone walked closer to a place where she could 
get a better view of the woman's face. Just then, the dream ended. 

        Her eyes flew open and saw it was still dark. Almost 2 in the 
morning. Getting up, she walked into the small bathroom, where she 
cleaned her face thoroughly. Looking into the sink, she wondered. Who 
exactly was that woman? What did she have to do with Kain? Many more 
questions were left unanswered as she went back to bed. 

        Back at the Masaki house, Washu was still at work in her lab. 
Seeing that experiment complete, she took the hair she got from Kiyone 
and brought it to one of the machines Kiyone passed earlier. She put the 
hair in one of the slots, closed the opening, and turned it on. 

        The machine came to life and started it's analysis of the hair. 
Things went as it did with most of the others' hair sample. Then, the 
machine started to thrash about wildly before it could display its 
information. Washu jumped back at the machine's sudden difference in 
behavior. Once the machine died down, she tore apart the memory bank of 
the worthless piece of junk to get the memory disk within. 

        Placing it in her usual computer, she was able to get a better 
look at the information the scanner picked up before the machine went 
berserk. The information she saw made absolutely no sense whatsoever! 

        According to the disk, the matter on the sub-atomic level was 
completely chaotic! It made no sense at all! No living organism could 
contain such power at that small a level... unless it was a dormant 
power that was woken from her test! 

        Could that mean that... no, it couldn't be. Something must have 
been wrong with the machine. She needed some sleep, and scientists who 
didn't get enough sleep often made mistakes. She put the data disk on 
her desk and closed down her lab for the night. 

End of Chapter 1


[Warhammer comes out of the light.]

WH: Uhg. I can't believe I am starting ANOTHER fanfic. I must be
crazy!


Teknos Warhammer presents

The Balance 

Part 2

A Tenchi muyo fic
Written by Christian Clark

As the day began, Mihoshi woke up happily and as perky as always. In her 
haste to get ready, she never really did notice that Kiyone wasn't 
stirring at all. 

        "Kiyone... are you ok?" she asked. Pulling the sheets off her best 
friend's head. Her question was answered as she saw Kiyone totally 
flushed and soaked with sweat. 

        Feeling Kiyone's forehead, Mihoshi realized that her friend was sick. 
At that time, her partner began to stir. 
"Mi..Mihoshi? What time is it?" She asked groggily. In response, Mihoshi 
gently pushed her back to the ground.

"Oh no you don't. You're too sick and I'm not going to let you get any 
worse." With that, she got out a few medicines for her partner to take. 

        "I gotta go now, but once I get to work, I'll tell them you're sick 
and might not be in for a while. Once I get back, I'll do my best to 
take care of you Kiyone. See ya." Mihoshi said walking out the door.  

Kiyone blinked a few times and didn't know whether to feel better or 
worse. Yet, she started to smile after her partner and whispered, "You 
may be an idiot Mihoshi, but your heart's in the right place. Thank 
you." 

Then, as if her stomach was being assaulted internally by small bombs, 
she doubled over in pain. 

Going as quickly as she could, she charged into the bathroom and let 
loose the unpleasant fluids that decided to come out from her mouth. 

Her eyes widened at what she saw. The bile she threw up was a diluted 
tar-ish substance. It was all black. She ran back to the phone and 
dialed the number to the Masaki home.

"Hello? Ryoko, please, just get Washu quick! Hello, Washu? Yes, can you 
come over here please? It's urgent!" 

Within seconds, her front door was replaced with a door to Washu's lab. 
She came barreling through to see Kiyone griping her stomach. She also 
noticed the residual black substance on Kiyone's face.

A few minutes later, Washu was able to place the hurting police officer 
in a bacta tank and get a more thorough look at her. Staring at the 
screen beside the tank, Washu started several more tests on the dormant 
woman inside. 

Washu's eyes closed at the results. It was just as she feared. Kiyone 
was now the current host for Dark Raven. But looking through her family 
line, there was absolutely no sign of it. Holding her chin with her 
hand, she wondered if it the harbinger of Chaos chose it's hosts at 
random. 

Either way, if the Raven were to awaken now, that bacta tank wouldn't do 
much good. She recalled the last time the Raven showed up. It made the 
incidents with Kain seem minuscule. Washu had no choice. 

Picking up a small box from the ground by one of her machines, she 
opened the box to reveal a tool she hoped she never had to use. A 
syringe, filled with cyanide. 

Walking up to the tank, she wondered how everyone was going to take her 
death. Tenchi, Mihoshi, and Sasami would be hurt the most. Ayeka and 
Ryoko were too busy with their meaningless quarrels about Tenchi to even 
get to notice her. 

Looking up, she saw the motionless Kiyone Makibi, not even aware that 
her existence would bring pain and misery. It was the only way to keep 
the Raven out. 

Elsewhere, another figure noticed the goings on. The woman in the 
darkness turned around to the only attendant. The second of the two 
servants nodded and vanished. 

The figure returned to the viewing and narrowed its eyes. If the servant 
could get there in time, all would not have been for nothing. 

After draining the tank, Washu took Kiyone's limp arm and prepared to 
inject the lethal substance. Washu took a final look at her friend 
before choosing the place where the poison would be most effective.

She paused. Why was she doing this? Because the probable lives of 
countless lives depended on the death of a single innocent woman. Why 
was she holding back? Because she did care for Kiyone as a friend and 
knew that she would be missed by her friends. 

Yet, was the life of a single person good enough to let be when 
countless others would die? Washu shook her head and found the vein 
where the cyanide and brought the needle to bear. 

She never got as far as past the skin as a foreign hand grabbed her 
wrist with an inhuman strength. She looked up to see a rather tall and 
well toned woman, garbed in white armor and a red bodysuit. Her blond 
hair, in the process of graying, hung down to the small of her back, 
which made her dark red eyes stand out.

The woman threw Washu away from the unconscious Kiyone and when the 
scientist was out of the way, picked up her objective. The stranger 
vanished into a dark blue light that came from nowhere. Holding Kiyone 
all the while. 

Getting up from the rubble, Washu looked about her person to see the 
syringe didn't get her. Seeing that she was alright, she looked to where 
the stranger vanished. And wondered. 

No normal person could get into her subspace lab without using one of 
the trap laden doors. Unless...

"Iczer."

The only race of beings capable of getting into and out of subspace was 
the child of the Cuthuwulf. The Iczer. This was definitely a problem. 
Washu had no idea that the Iczer worked with Chaos. It seemed unnatural. 
They were guardians, not killers. Unless they were renegades. And that 
was even less likely. 

<Either way, it looks like the crap's gonna hit the fan. or something 
like that.> Washu mused as she started to clean up. 

*************************************************

        When Kiyone could last recall, she was being put in Washu's bacta tank 
for examining after she was feeling horrible. At that time, she felt 
like several plasma bombs were going off in her head all at the same 
time. She brought her hand to her head and rubbed her right temple, 
hoping to ease some of the pain. 

        "Allow me." A decidedly male voice said from the darkness. She felt a 
pair of hands gently place themselves on each side and felt a warm 
sensation course through her body. 

Kiyone opened her eyes to see that she was on a small bed, underneath a 
glass window that had a clear view of space. The room she was in was 
relatively small, undecorated, save for the bed, but cozy. She could 
only see the glass window wall and ceiling that led to the star studded 
outside. From what she could tell, the sheets on the bed she was laying 
on, were made of old Earthen silk, a rarity in space. 

Another rarity, was the clothes she was wearing. Although it was a 
simple gray shirt, it could have been called a tunic too. The style by 
which the fabric held was somewhat similar to the Chinese style of 
dress. Only the fabric that hung at the bottom, was draped over the pair 
of oversized gray shorts that seemed a bit snug at the waist. What made 
these clothes rare was that they were made of the same fabric as the 
sheets.

Above her, she saw what could pass as a very beautiful woman, but 
figured that since the voice from before was male, this was most likely 
a man. Even though, the delicate jawbone, the forest green hair, the sea 
blue eyes, and the lean physique would have said otherwise. 

Her suspicions were confirmed when the person spoke, "Do you feel any 
better, my lady?"

Such a statement made Kiyone blink, she had never been called anything 
more than a detective. But that wasn't the issue. What was, is that she 
recalled being in Washu's lab last. Not. where ever this place was. 
Recalling that the effeminate man's question, she nodded. The man smiled 
and left her in the bed with the silken sheets. 

        From what she could see, the man was garbed in a white bodysuit with 
ocean blue striping going down the center of his body. The suit was also 
covered with white pauldrons, breastplate, gauntlets, hip pauldrons, and 
boots. On the edge of every plate was colored the same as his hair 
color. 

        Before she could ask any questions, he was gone. 

        Throwing off the covers, she walked to the darkness where the man 
vanished and found herself walking straight into a wall she never saw. 
Gripping her nose, she growled at being left in the dark. Literally!

*************************************************

        "What do you mean Kiyone's gone!!" Mihoshi screamed in fear, holding 
Washu's collar, much to the scientist's chagrin. 
        
"Yes, now if you'll let me go, I can get to the rest of the information 
I have!" the super genius growled. Past the verge of tears, Mihoshi 
watched Washu, hoping there was something good. 

        "Well, when Kiyone called me this morning, I found an unusual substance 
that she apparently threw up and."

        "Eww, Why did you tell us that Kiyone threw up?" Whined Mihoshi. 

        Resisting the oh so powerful urge to strangle Mihoshi, Washu continued, 
".the substance that it was is a combination of several extremely 
obscure elements. Mostly those that don't even have that much of a 
half-life. In fact, the most powerful one, Velandrium, is an element 
that has absolutely no half-life at all."

        Blinking, Tenchi raised his hand, recalling the lessons from his 
physics class, "Wait, how can an element exist if there's no half-life?" 

        Smiling with a grin that even the devil wouldn't trust, Washu replied 
smugly, "It can, if it's shrunk small enough to a point where there's NO 
outside interference from the present world about it. In fact, I would 
estimate that it's even below the sub-atomic level.

        "But I digress. The elements used in this tar-like substance tends to 
activate intangible power sources that can be passed through the areas 
that most life goes through without being detected.

        "In other words. Latent power waking up."

        With thinning patience, Ayeka stood up and asked, "This is nice and all 
Ms. Washu, but would be so kind and get to the point!"

        A large barrel met Ayeka's face and at the other end of the three meter 
cannon, Washu asked childishly, "Now, did I ever say to call me 'Ms.'? 
Remember, it's 'Little' Washu."

        Everyone gave Ayeka a glare that said 'do what she says or she'll get 
us after we get you'. So, buckling under the pressure, Ayeka stepped 
aside and asked as sweetly as she could,

        "So, Little Washu, can we please be told the conclusion of your 
hypothesis?" 

        Putting the cannon back to wherever she took it from, Washu nodded. She 
then, turned to them all with a face so serious, it froze them all to 
the bone.

        "Kiyone is now the current host of the Dark Raven."

End of chapter 2


[Warhammer comes out again.]
        WH: Just so you know folks, I'll be putting a complete author's notes 
at the end of the entire fic.

Teknos Warhammer presents

The Balance

A Tenchi Muyo fanfic
Written by Christian Clark


        Kiyone had no clue as to where she was, who captured her, and whatever 
reason why they wanted her. No criminal that she ever chased in her 
career, did things this way. Or did they? It was so long since she was 
on an intense chase. The last one was the greatest. before she met with 
Mihoshi.

        She pressed herself up to the glass window and tried to find some kind 
of structure that this room was attached to. Sad to say, she found no 
clue as to where she was. Which only drove her nearer to insanity. 

        Jumping over the bed, she threw herself against the wall, hoping to at 
least push an opening or reveal something. Once more, there was failure. 
Looking to the darkness she screamed, "WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME?!"

        "Hmph, rather disrespectful to scream at those who saved your life." 
Said a voice from behind.

        She whirled around to see a boy no older than thirteen, with the same 
wild hair as the man from before, only the colors were different, though 
the pattern was not, sitting on the bed. His bodysuit and armor were 
colored a light shade of purple, his hair and edge of the plates was a 
dark orange, and his eyes were a gentle sunset yellow. 

        "Alright!" Kiyone growled, "Who are you?! Where am I?! Why did you guys 
bring me here?!" 

        The boy sighed, "Geez. For someone who's supposed to be our leader, you 
sure are rude."

        His answer made Kiyone blink, twice. 

        "Please brother. Don't be rude." Said another voice. Kiyone turned to 
see a woman this time. Same hair style, only different colors again. 
This one had white hair, orange eyes, and a black bodysuit, with traces 
of orange here and there. "I am sure you have many questions my lady, 
and they shall be answered at once."

        From the floor, a person wrapped in a cloak seemed to meld through and 
in front of her. Both the woman and the boy didn't seem fazed at all. 
Kiyone could only see the sharp dark blue eyes the figure had. The cloak 
this person had conveniently covered its face up to the bridge of the 
nose, where it apparently hung there. 

        "Salutations. I find it unusual, but an honor to see one such as 
myself." The person within the cloak said with a voice that sounded 
rather familiar to Kiyone. She shook the thought aside and stepped up to 
the stranger.

        "Look you! I want to know exactly what am I doing here! I was just 
getting help from a friend that was." the person within the cloak 
snorted.

        "Friend you say? Don't make me laugh! I saved you from a premature 
death, that is what I did."

        "What?"

        "Your. friend. was about to inject a syringe filled with a deadly 
poison. Only with the help of my 'first' do you still breathe."

        Kiyone was not convinced, as if who would be in her position? "I'm so 
sure."

        "Think what you wish my dear, the fact of the matter is, had you died, 
countless more would have followed suit."

        "What are you talking about?"   

        "I am talking about this." the person within the cloak removed the cowl 
and the person within made Kiyone's eyes widened to sizes not even 
thought possible.

*************************************************

        "What do you mean you tried to kill her?!" Sasami yelled. She wasn't 
the only one who was in an uproar about Washu's attempted 'halt' of the 
Dark Raven. 

        Hopping up to the rafter, Washu tried her best to defend her position, 
<As if these emotional people would listen! > Washu thought resentfully. 

        "If I didn't who knows what could of happened? A repeat of the last 
Dark Raven attack? I think not!" 

        Nearly at the end of his rope, Tenchi exclaimed, "Well, you could have 
told us what was going on. Maybe we could have done something!"

        "And just what exactly could we have done! That demon's DNA is so 
closely interwoven with Kiyone's it would be virtually impossible to do 
so! Even if I had her in a stasis chamber that could contain her for a 
thousand millennia, I still wouldn't be able to tear them apart without 
permanently damaging Kiyone herself! Would you want that?! Or would you 
rather we just let her free and have billions of innocent lives on your 
heads because you were to damn stubborn to realize that something like 
this can only be contained by killing the host!" Washu screamed back.

        Despite how angry Mihoshi, Sasami, and Tenchi were, the truth struck 
hard. Kiyone did mean more to them than they let on. Ayeka on the other 
hand, simply saw the police woman as a lower leveler. Ryoko simply saw 
her as cannon fodder for Mihoshi. 

        "So. it was true. wasn't it Washu?" Said a weak voice from behind them 
all. The entire group found Kiyone leaning against the door frame, 
wearing a simple gray tunic and shorts, and tears all over her flushed 
face. "You. really did try. and kill me?" She turned to the rest of 
them, hoping that it was only Washu, "Would any of you. done the same?" 

        Washu couldn't even face Kiyone, instead, she could feel the power of 
the Raven beginning to grow. Before anyone could even answer, Washu 
pulled out the same cannon from before, aimed it at Kiyone, and let 
loose enough firepower to level an entire city block. The shot didn't 
even get within a foot in range of her, stopped by a force none of them 
could see. Through the light, they all see Kiyone's contorted face, 
filled with anger and the pain of betrayal. 

        "I figured as much!" Kiyone growled. With no warning, the cannon Washu 
had, flew apart. And seeing the situation they were all in, Mihoshi and 
Sasami took cover in Washu's lab, while the remaining four instantly 
prepared for a fierce fight. 
        
        Kiyone could have pressed her advantage, but could not. On account of 
the severe pain, coming from her stomach. She collapsed, screamed from 
the pain, and before anyone could get close, more of the black bile 
erupted from her mouth and onto the floor. 

        Ryoko stopped at the gut wrenching display and backed off momentarily, 
only to find that she had their only avenue to attack. And she missed 
it.

        Once more, Kiyone threw up the tar-ish substance and a pair of bumps 
began to develop from her back. With her mouth cleared, Kiyone screamed, 
only this scream was much more powerful than anything a normal human 
could have done. The bumps grew and from her back, erupted a pair of 
black feathered wings. 

        At last, her breathing settled, Kiyone looked up to see her assailants 
stopped in horror at what they saw, with her now completely black eyes. 
There was no white at all, only the chaotic black that seemed to seep 
from her wings and body.* 

        With pure chaotic power flowing about her, somewhat similar to Kain's, 
she stood up and saw those who dared to stand up against her. All the 
memories and power she commanded that were sealed, released and now 
ready to be used. She was foolish not to listen before, but after seeing 
more than enough of the truth, these fools meant nothing now! Now was 
the time for revenge!

        Not wanting to waste anymore time, Ryoko pulled all the power she could 
and threw it at Kiyone. <It's more than enough to take her out! > Ryoko 
thought with confidence behind it. 

Seeing the wave of death scream at her, Kiyone brought her wrists up to 
defend herself. And the resulting explosion not only made a rather large 
hole the wall, but had also made enough smoke screen to blind the four. 
As the smoke cleared, Ryoko's eyes widened to see that Kiyone didn't 
even have a scratch on her person. On account of the three glowing black 
razor shaped panels that hovered in front of her. 

        "Want to make a bet on that?" Hissed Kiyone as two of the blades 
hovered closer to her, while the third twirled around and created a 
shield, creating a power shot similar to Ryu-Oh's in the battle with 
Kagato. Kiyone stretched forth her arms and the two remaining blades 
flew over her, changing  her clothes into a negative color scheme than 
Tenchi's Light Hawk Wing uniform had. Where there was white on Tenchi's, 
there was black on Kiyone's and the same went for the rest of her 
uniform. 

        The first wing shot forward as her assailants had tried to take some 
kind of countermeasure against it, but found it useless as a giant 
sphere of darkness sent all four of them in every direction. Not only 
that, the house suffered being blown to pieces, as if it wasn't coming 
apart already from the constant fighting. 

        Gripping his head, Tenchi tried to stand up and look for the others, 
but instead, found Kiyone or what used to be Kiyone, hovering in front 
of him. 

        "You're coming with me." The thing that was once Kiyone said with a 
more demonic version of her voice. With that, she reached forward and 
grabbed Tenchi by the colar, before he could even draw his sword. From 
Kiyone's arm, several streams of darkness seeped from her forearm and 
encircled Tenchi, preventing his escape. 

        "Let him go!" Ryoko yelled, flying through the smoke. Kiyone raised her 
right foot and thrust it back and met Ryoko's face, sending the 
would-be-hero away. And before the other two could do anything, Kiyone 
and Tenchi's form was lost in a black sphere, that shot into the sky at 
speeds that not even Ryo-Ohki could match. Just like that, they were 
gone. 

*************************************************

        None of them knew what to say or do. At first, it was easy to blame 
Washu for not killing Kiyone, but that was tossed aside as quickly as it 
was brought up. They could have blamed Kiyone, but it wasn't her fault 
in the first place. This was one of those times where no one could be 
blamed. 

        "What about Tenchi? Kiyone's got her and we don't know where they 
went." Sasami interjected. If anyone could have said the correct answer, 
it was Mihoshi. 

        "Washu would know, she can find anyone." 

        The mad scientist slowly shook her head. "I already tried to get a lock 
on where they were going, but the Dark Raven was jamming my tracker 
signal. And before I could set another one up, she warped out into 
sub-space."

        Ryoko on the other hand, was restless. "Well, we can't just sit here, 
there's gotta be something we can do!"

        With several minutes of intense computations, hypothesizing, and 
memories, Washu spoke up. "There is!" Everyone looked at her in 
surprise, but listened anyway. She knelt down, slapped her hands 
together and whispered,

        "Pray."

Face faulting ensued.

*************************************************

        Tenchi gripped his head, the migraine was minor, thank heaven, but it 
sure hurt. He looked around to see that he was on some standard sized 
bed, in the middle of a very dark room. The only light coming from the 
stars through the window. He was still dressed in the same clothes that 
he wore when he last remembered. 

"Morning. or evening, I guess." Said a familiar voice. He turned to see 
Kiyone sitting on. nothing. Although she looked more like the same woman 
instead of that nightmare that attacked him and the others before. Yet, 
that didn't make any sense, it appeared as though she captured him, but 
it looked like she too was a prisoner. 

"Kiyone. what. who. how did." he said quickly, scrambling from the bed. 
Thankfully, she calmed him by interrupting at the right time.

 "Tenchi, calm down. I'll tell you everything, ok?" Noticing her calm, 
he did as she said and sat back down on the bed. 

 "Well, if I recall correct, Washu said that I am the host of the Dark 
Raven, right?" He nodded. "Well, she was correct, but there was a few 
little details she missed. One; the Dark Raven, which is me and the 
Kiyone you know, are two different people. Two, the Dark Raven and the 
Light Hawk are two entities with their own will and minds. The reason 
you two can summon our power is because we chose you out of mere 
necessity. Well, at least Kiyone anyway. You on the other hand, was able 
to receive it on account of your being 1/8 Juraian, and with the diluted 
juraian blood, combined with your human side, you were able to summon 
him. Understand?"

Blinking, Tenchi analyzed everything that she had said as carefully as 
he could. It did make sense, and that was the odd thing about it. Then, 
something else came up.

"But why did you kidnap me?" 

        "Two reasons. One, you're the only one who isn't trying to kill me 
before I awoke and can still be serious enough to understand what's 
going on. Sasami and Mihoshi. the reason why not them. are for reasons I 
can't say."

        "Why? If you share Kiyone's memory, you know they're your friends as 
well as hers, you can trust them you know." He retorted, not believing 
what he was hearing.

        A third voice came from nowhere. "Quite the opposite my dear boy." They 
both turned to see a cloaked person walk through the darkness and into 
their room. It wasn't the frightening amount of power that he felt, but 
the face of the cloaked person. It was another Kiyone, save for the 
black colored eyes, she looked the exact same as the Kiyone that Tenchi 
knew. 

        "Before we waste time with your questions, I shall answer them for you. 
Yes, I am the Dark Raven whom you know of and at the same time, I am 
not. I am the Raven of the past." The other Kiyone walked to the glass 
window, recounting all that occurred. 

"I had just begun the conception of Kain when I received a message from 
myself in the future. I was being sealed, by not only Jurai, but by the 
Megami sisters. and by my love. The Light Hawk. My future self sent the 
message just before she was sealed off completely from all existence, 
and how to being her back before the Megami and the Light Hawk could 
prepare themselves."

"The next answer, is yes. I am the being made of Chaos, I bring it to 
all life. For the sole purpose of keeping a delicate balance in 
existence. Just as the Light Hawk is a being of Order, I am its 
opposite."

        Most of it made sense, except for one tiny detail. "Wait, why were you 
sealed up? Er. why 'were' you going to be sealed?"  Tenchi asked. 

        He could start to hear the elder Dark Raven growl, "Because. Tsunami 
was to take him from me! Tsunami would take my beloved and allow him to 
work with Tsunami, making Jurai more powerful than it already was. I was 
to go crazy and billions upon billions would die in my rage. Most of 
them innocent Juraians. As 'punishment' I was to be sealed into the 
bodies of women who had no chance of bringing me back to life. And just 
to add insult to injury, they cursed me with a being whose luck was 
greater than any devil's and was to be a constant irritation to me in 
every life."  

        "That's Mihoshi she's talking about." Whispered the present Dark Raven 
to Tenchi. 

        "In order to bring me back, I would have to be revived in a time where 
the Megami would be divided and/or the Light Hawk was dormant. Sad to 
say, the Megami kept a closer watch on my progress that I had hoped and 
when I was to be revived in the body of Kiyone Makibi, Washu tried to 
kill her. She was fortunate that another one of my creations had 
survived and waited for me, so that I could be revived after I was 
sealed."

        The second Raven stepped up from her seat and said, "This nice and all, 
but if you people don't mind, I got some errands to run and some people 
to hurt." In shock, Tenchi turned to her, not believing that this 
Kiyone-lookalike had just said that. What made it worse, the ice in her 
glare silenced all of his words as she whispered, "After I take care of 
the Megami and Jurai, you're next." Just like that, she was gone. 

        "WAIT!" Tenchi cried. But silence was his only answer. 

        "Leave her be, boy." The other Kiyone said. "I always was pretty 
vindictive and never felt satisfied until those who hurt me also hurt."

        "But she's gonna kill them!" Tenchi nearly yelled, guessing the 
implications of what an extremely irritated and god-like Kiyone could 
do.   

        "No, she won't. Were it before I was as a human, I would have no qualm 
about killing anyone, but since it's her. I doubt it." She said, walking 
back to the darkness. 

        "What if you're wrong?" he asked. 

        She paused briefly to think about the possibility, although as slight 
as it may be. "Then, let us hope the Creator has mercy on all our 
souls." 

End of Chapter 3
[*Author's Note: For a more dramatic effect, I recommend playing Track 
14 of the Tenchi Muyo: In Love soundtrack.]

[Warhammer comes out again.]
        WH: We all have things we regret and want to forget, but never forget 
this. Anyone without scars on their hearts would be superficial. 

Teknos Warhammer presents

The Balance
Chapter 4

A Tenchi muyo fanfic
Written by Christian Clark

        In the homeworld of the Sisters Megami, Tokimi slept peacefully, 
knowing that all was well in the universe for the time being. But a 
powerful stirring awoke her. Something was greatly amiss. Without her 
sisters Tsunami and Washu, she was more than capable of handling affairs 
of existence, but this stirring was much more powerful. In fact, there 
was only one other time she could recall where there was this much power 
behind a single force that made her own power seem small. 

        "Well, it certainly is nice to know that I'm being thought of." An all 
too familiar voice snarled behind her. Tokimi turned to see the image of 
the Dark Raven, in her usual black uniform and murder in her eyes. The 
smirk she carried made Tokimi's blood turn cold and her skin crawl. 

        "No. no. Impossible! You were sealed!" Tokimi stammered, trying to back 
up. She got no further as a black fist grabbed her neck and forced her 
to a wall, and several rings of black energy gathered about her wrists 
and ankles, completely immobilizing her. Despite her struggles, Tokimi 
felt her power fade into nothing as she shrunk from her usual form to 
that of a human woman, dressed in a simple brown tunic and trousers that 
matched her hair. 

        The Raven walked up to the helpless former-goddess, pulled her dark 
blade from nowhere, and caressed it across Tokimi's cheek. Drawing no 
blood, but the sheer coldness in the blade made Tokimi shiver. She had 
no choice but to look straight into the eyes of her captor as the Raven 
narrowed her eyes and whispered, 

        "I wonder. how exactly would a goddess look like, completely stripped 
of her power, crying." Tokimi's eyes widened, knowing what exactly the 
Raven was referring to. Before being sealed, the Raven was very 
notorious for playing very perverse games with the bodies and minds of 
those who displeased her. Now it seemed like it was her turn.  Tokimi 
closed her eyes and hoped that it would pass quickly. 

        Instead, all she got was a snort filled with contempt. "You make me 
sad, Tokimi. Yes, I did play such games with people, but it was only 
those who deserved it. According to OUR laws, if you've forgotten."

        Shocked, Tokimi yelled back, "Then why all this?!" Referring to the 
imprisonment and sealing of her power. Raven snickered, made the sword 
in her hand vanish, and put her hands on her hips. 

        "Turn about is fair play is it not? I was never one to hold a grudge, 
but sealing me up." Raven mock winced and continued ".taking the Light 
Hawk from me, and altering the balance to make it more convenient for 
you.  That's something I just can't let go. So, you get to know how I 
felt like for a while." 

        She started to back away, her dark wings starting to emerge from her 
back, and she said with a rather psychotic smile, "Next, I'm gonna take 
care of 'little' Washu and Sasami. And once I get through with them, 
Jurai is going to get a proverbial spanking for being bad. See ya." Just 
like that, she was gone and the black streams that held Tokimi vanished. 

        Tokimi stood up and realized the full implications of what could 
happen. She need to get word to her sisters and quick. Running out of 
her 'room' she proceeded to the room of one of her most powerful 
children. Running through the wooden halls, she saw the door and knew it 
to be here where she wanted to go. She slammed on the door with her 
fist, feeling pain for one of the few times in her life, screaming to 
the occupant inside. 

        "Valna! Valna! Open up!" she screamed, trying to catch her breath. The 
door opened to reveal a woman, in about her mid twenties and light blue 
hair cascading down her back to the waist, dressed in a simple white 
robe. She replied somewhat angrily at being disturbed,

        "Who are. Mother?!" she said with complete shock. Tokimi nodded, 
clenching her chest as she felt her heart race. She guessed that the 
body the Raven gave her was not really meant for running. "Mother, what 
happened?" Valna asked worriedly. 

        The weakened Tokimi recalled everything she could with what little 
breath she had and the urgency of letting Jurai and the other two of the 
Megami know who was after them. Leaning against the wall, with 
perspiration covering her face, Tokimi continued, "Tell Achika to inform 
Tsunami and Washu, you go to Jurai and tell them to prepare, quickly! Go 
now!"

        Nodding, Valna ran down the hall to where Achika Masaki lived and to 
inform her of their mission. Tokimi clutched her chest and tried to bear 
the pain that her now human heart was giving her. It turned out that the 
Raven not only took her power and gave her a body, but an extremely 
frail and weak one at that. Yet. it seemed fitting. A just punishment 
for taking advantage of the rules while the Raven was away. 

*************************************************

        Back in the subspace prison Tenchi was being held in, he tried every 
avenue he knew of to try and escape, but found nothing. He collapsed on 
the bed after failing to break out of the darkness. He turned his head 
to see a pair of figures meld out of the walls of his prison. It 
appeared that it was a boy, garbed in some odd body suit and armor, 
along with.

        "Kiyone?" Tenchi exclaimed.

        The real Kiyone blinked and looked at her fellow inmate. "You're here 
too?" Tenchi nodded and took a look at her companion.

        "Who's this?"

        The boy smiled and bowed, "I'm Iczer-6. Nice to meet'cha." He then 
turned to Kiyone and said with a bit of worry, "Can this be quick, if my 
big sister finds out I did this, she'll kill me."

        Kiyone smiled and said, "Don't worry, I won't be long. And thank you." 
She gave the boy a little kiss on top of the head and the boy started to 
blush, while circling his foot on the floor and mumbling. She quickly 
walked over by Tenchi. 

        "First of all, what's been going on?" Kiyone asked, showing that the 
need of haste was mandatory.

        "Well, when we found out that you're the host of the Dark Raven, the 
Raven attacked us and brought me here. Now it's going to go after Sasami 
and Washu, then Jurai. Then she's coming back for me." Tenchi stated as 
quickly as he could.  

        "No wonder." Kiyone mused out loud. She looked up before Tenchi could 
ask anything. "Before I came here, my stomach's been bothering me a lot, 
but recently it's been fine. Now I know for sure that the Raven and I 
are separated because the pains are gone."

        Remembering something Washu said, Tenchi asked, "Wait, Washu said that 
the Raven's DNA was closely linked to yours, how can you keep going 
without the Raven?"

        Kiyone shrugged, "Maybe Washu's wrong. Listen, I got to go back, I'll 
see if we can meet again so we can think of a way out of here." He 
nodded and she started back towards the impatient looking Iczer-6. She 
took only a few steps before she suddenly lost her footing and fell. 

        Both boys rushed to her side quickly and helped her up. Kiyone's 
breathing had increased a bit as she tried to explain what happened. "I. 
don't know. It's just that my legs suddenly just gave out from nowhere 
and I can't use them now."

        Iczer-6 blinked and had a random thought about her condition, he stood 
up and ran back to the darkness. "Wait here, my big brother can help you 
with this." With that, he melded through the wall of black.  

        The silence that followed was beyond uncomfortable. So, Tenchi spoke, 
"So. is it bad?" 

        Kiyone blinked and then realized he meant about her legs. "Well, it 
feels odd. It's like they're not even there anymore. Like they were 
chopped off and I've gotten used to living without them." She paused for 
a minute, closed her eyes and whispered, " Shirix Gerloush hinetew 
piurbdin Makibi."

        Not at all knowing what she said, Tenchi blinked. She saw him wonder 
and said, looking to the distance. "It meant: 'Shirix (Megamian Goddess 
of hope), bless the house of Makibi without me.' It's a short chant for 
warriors of our home world when they say when they feel their end is 
near."

        With eyes widening, Tenchi asked, "Why do you say that? Iczer-6's 
coming back with help."

        She shook her head, chuckling, "Sorry. It's just that my parents often 
had my brother and I memorize that and other chants because they were so 
preoccupied with 'joining our ancestors' when we all pass on. It makes 
me kinda paranoid, sad to say. Whenever Mihoshi and I went into 
dangerous territory on a mission, I would say that prayer. Over and over 
again."

        Tenchi picked up the GP Officer and placed her on the bed, where she 
would be a bit more comfortable than sitting on the floor. He sat on 
what felt like that same stool the present Dark Raven was sitting on 
before she went on her rampage. Looking at her, he asked, "I don't want 
to bring up anything uncomfortable, but how do you feel about this being 
the host of the Dark Raven and all?"

        Looking to the window, she shrugged, "Well, I really don't know. At 
first, I was scared like anyone else would have been. Now, I'm still not 
sure. I never really expected being a harbinger of chaos. Speaking of 
which, do you ever get anything from the Light Hawk?" Tenchi shook his 
head. "Now that is strange. With the Raven running about, you'd think 
its opposite would come out to stop it."

        Tenchi shook his head. "The Light Hawk Wings usually come out whenever 
I am in a position where there's no hope of escape or victory 
whatsoever. And as far as the Light Hawk itself, I've felt nothing. By 
the way, how exactly did the Raven get free from you?"

        Kiyone looked to the ceiling, lost in thought. "I'm not sure exactly 
how, but when the past Dark Raven showed that she looked like me, I 
felt. strange. As if I was a standard computer, downloading more 
information than I could handle and I passed out when I saw myself. When 
I came to, I was still here, but I could also see what the real Raven 
was doing. Then I heard her ask you all if you would try and kill me, 
should the occasion arise." She looked over her shoulder to him, "Would 
you do that in that situation? I mean, would you kill me, if it meant 
that billions would be saved?"

        Tenchi felt like he had gone through this at one time. But he knew the 
answer already. In guilt, he nodded. To his surprise, she smiled, "Good. 
I'd never forgive you or anyone else, if you didn't. I'd never want that 
on my conscience."

        At that time, Iczer-6 had returned with the same feminine man who had 
healed Kiyone when she first came to this place. The man asked with his 
gentle voice, "My lady. Are you alright?" He walked over as Iczer-6 
hopped to the other side of the bed.

        "This is Iczer-4, the first male Iczer. And the first Healer type as 
well." Iczer-6 exclaimed happily. But soon turned to fear when his big 
brother gave him a stern look. "Iczer-6, why is she not in her room 
where she should have been?"

        "Well, she wanted to go looking around and when I heard that this guy 
was here, I figured she knew him and I brought her here. What's wrong 
with that?" The child Iczer asked with a bit of a frown on his face.

        Iczer-4 smiled and patted his little brother on the head, "Nothing at 
all." Turning his attention to Kiyone, a gentle white glow began to emit 
from his hand as he placed it on her forehead. From his point of 
contact, a glowing white wave began to spread all over her person. This 
continued for two minutes before the waves that traversed over her body 
reflected at her feet and came back to his hand.

        The smile that once adorned Iczer-4's face was no longer there as he 
turned to Kiyone and Tenchi with the news. "First of all; the Dark Raven 
is longer present within her, body or mind. Second, the reason why she 
has lost control of her legs is that the DNA strands that control her 
legs are no longer there. Without the Dark Raven, her body has lost the 
adhesive that holds her genetic make-up together." 

Everyone else in the room gasped at the news, his next words made the 
outlook even darker. "At this current rate, she will deteriorate into 
nothing in less that twelve hours."

End of Chapter 4