DISCLAIMER! DBZ AND TENCHI AIN’T MINE. DON’T SUE ME.

I’d like comments/questions so email me sirlukav@hotmail.com

        Earth. Quiet and floating in the blackness of space. Soon the peace
would
be shattered. A horrible experiment was being performed on a boy. His name
was Jan Denko.  The doctors surrounding the boy performed all sorts of
things to this little boy’s body. Finally, the last straw was broken. They
inserted the demon stone into the boy’s heart. The demon stone, unbeknownst
to the doctors, contained the destroyed souls of the evil demons. The boy’s
body reacted violently to the insertion, blasting a huge wave of energy from
his body killing everyone around him.
        On Earth, the Z-Fighters were all training. The Masaki people were
going
about their business. Suddenly, a bright light lit up the sky. Everyone on
Earth looked up to see the huge explosion on the moon. Goku and his gang all
flew to the Earth/Moon space ladder. Upon reaching it, a man stood there.
His hair and eyes were jet black, a black cape swirling around his body. He
wore completely black fighting clothes. When he spoke, his voice emitted an
evil tone.
        “Who are you!” Shouted Goku.
        “I am nobody. I am Ishmael. I am the representative form of the
demons of
the past. God plays with things in horrible ways. To repay him, I shall
destroy this Earth. And this galaxy. Call me mad, but I dont care. I’m
driven by the evil that humans can inflict on a boy.”
        Goku, Gohan, and Vegeta all powered up to SSJ 2; they’re hair
blasting up.
Krillen, Tien, Yamcha, Chausu, and Piccolo all readied themselves.  Goku was
the first to attack. The first to die. He shot forward like a bat out of
hell, ready to fight this boy. But Goku was sadly mistaken, for Ishmael
raised one hand. A powerful mental block rocked Goku’s body. Air seemed to
whip Goku’s body with powerful lashes. Ishmael warped above Goku and hooked
his hands faced to Goku’s back. He let out fifteen blasts into Goku’s back,
driving him through the ground. Goku blasted back up and began to punch and
kick at Ishmael. He simply moved his head back and forth, letting Goku
vainly try to hit him. He thrust one arm out and grabbed Goku’s wrist then
tore it off with a twirl of his hand. Goku flew backwards, screaming in
pain. Ishmael was right in front of him, slapping spit out of Goku’s mouth
with his own hand, then kneeing him in the chest. As Goku reeled, Ishmael
punched him in the neck and spine. Goku fell to the ground, moaning in fury
and pain. The other Z-Fighters all watched on in shock. Here was their lead
fighter, getting beat around by a boy. Goku stoop up and pushed one hand in
front of him weakly.
        “Vegeta!!!! If I die, promise me to take Gohan out of here! No
Gohan, don’t
open your mouth, you will LEAVE IF I DIE!!!”
        Ishmael smiled and brought a kick to Goku’s chin, rendering him
useless in
shock. Goku stood up for the last time, and aimed his hand at Ishmael.

“Kaaaaaaaaaa.........Meeeeeeeeeeeee.......Haaaaaaaaaaa.......Meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.......HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!”
        Goku unleashed a huge kamehameha wave at Ishmael. Ishmael stood
still as
the blast hit him and enveloped his body. When the smoke finally cleared, a
huge smoking crater was in the place of Ishmael. They could see Ishmael,
flying backward from the force of the blast, but still standing and smiling.
When he finally came to a stop, he warped in front of Goku.
        “Well fighter, I must say. That blast was rather strong. It almost
hurt me.
But now it’s over. Your time is at an end.”
        Ishmael raised his hand in front of Goku's heart and unleashed a
huge
blast. As the hole gaped open in Goku’s chest, he shot a last look at
Vegeta. Vegeta nodded as Gohan screamed, and then in Goku’s world,
everything went dark.
        Piccolo, Tien, Krillin, Yamcha, and Chausu launched at Ishmael.
Ishmael
quickly dispatched all three of them with quick chops to their heads,
removing them from their heads. Vegeta held Gohan back and he struggled.
Vegeta cupped his hands around Gohan’s shoulders and blasted off, hoping
Ishmael wouldn’t follow them. Gohan screamed at Vegeta, struggling against
his chest.
        “Vegeta what are you doing????They’re all dead!!!!!!!!” Yelled
Gohan. “NO
shit” responded Vegeta, “and if I hadn’t grabbed you and took off, then we’d
be dead as well. Think of it boy, if Kakarot and those other four couldn’t
touch that boy, then do you think we have a choice? If we want to beat that
guy, then we’re going to have to train our asses off!” And with that, Vegeta
flew into the sunset with Gohan.
        It didn’t take long. Soon, Ishmael slaughtered the military of the
world.
They put up a pitiful fight, attempting to beat them. Instead of destroying
the Earth, Ishmael enslaved it. He built a dark fortress above the Atlantic
Ocean, where he built a huge factory. Inside this factory, androids were
created to govern the Earth and keep it in a constant chaos. The forces of
space put up a more resistant fight. The colonies all blasted any transport
ships heading for their places. The battle between all the colonies and the
androids were known as the Android War. The androids built a colony of their
own in space. This made them able to produce more soldiers quickly and get
them to the frontlines. Soon, the colonies and the androids were waging huge
wars in the midst of space.
        Back on Earth, the androids held the Earth in a constant grip of
terror.
Vegeta and Gohan managed to keep alive, training harder and harder. They
slept little, for they were always being tracked by the androids. A few
times, Vegeta almost was destroyed taking on the huge numbers of androids.
The androids built multiple bases on Earth and in space. As for the demon
Ishmael, he barely ever left the fortress.
        One day, Vegeta and Gohan were flying through the Japan countryside.
The
entire planet was draped in darkness, for Ishmael had screened the sun. Huge
columns of androids were on their heels, and they flew a fast as they
possibly could.  The guns of the androids constantly fired their lasers,
attempting to hit the two.
        “I’m tired of stopping for these androids, Gohan, go ahead I’m
fighting
these scraps of metal.” With hat, Vegeta pulled to a stop and turned to face
the androids. Gohan silently joined his side, and the battle began. The
androids could not only fire lasers from the shoulder gun, but they could
fight as well. Gohan and Vegeta blasted into SSJ 2 and started the fight.
Vegeta blasted a huge shock wave into a column and blew them all up. Gohan
started targeting individual androids with the powerful masenko blasts.
        Unbeknownst to the two fighters, a boy was watching them from his
shrine.
The two fighters put up a good fight and destroyed the androids again, but
Vegeta fell from the sky in exhaustion. Gohan fell as well, and the stranger
ran for the two.
        When Vegeta awoke in a strange house, he tried to power up. But he
was too
weak. A beautiful woman with silver hair leaned over him and started talking
to someone else in the room. Vegeta could barely hear them, and what he did
pick up was faded.

“........still..............ali.........think..........o.er.......is......alive....to..”
Vegeta could take no more, and lapsed back into sleep.

Email me at sirlukav@hotmail.com
Part 1 people