 Battle of the Rulers ~
The Commercial ~

Please read all of this! It is very important for you to be able to 
understand exactly this story. Most things will be even better 
explained as soon as the story gets more and more into the plot. But I 
thought I should get a few things straight first.

This story will have everything in it. Meaning it is 
romance/action/comedy/drama. I will portray relationships between 
people like, Ryoko and Tenchi, Usagi and Mamaru, Ryoko and Washu, and 
Usagi and Raye. This will be my first real plot Fan Fic! Aaahhhhhh 
teeheehee ^_^ 


AN: I always wanted to make at least one crossover fic, but I could 
never think of a good idea, until now.  If you are a Tenchi Muyo and a 
Sailor Moon fan, then you are sure to like this story. None of the bad 
guys are going to be in this because it just doesn't fit and this story 
also has nothing to do with the lines or the plots given to the 
original Sailor Moon or Tenchi Muyo. Lets just call it a whole new 
series. Even though for the Tenchi Muyo it will be based on the ova 
series, so there will be no Kiyone and SM will be based on the manga 
because I don't really like the anime. I am sorry I like the character 
Kiyone, I really do but it just wouldn't fit.   For Sailor Moon There 
will be no Rini or outer scouts, but Mamaru and Usagi are together. 
Also, the entire sailor moon group will be bumped up a grade to be in 
High School, and are in the same school, and Mamaru will still be in 
High school. I have been thinking really hard to make this story work, 
so please don't be hard on me. If there is anything you don't get 
please email me, but don't write it in the reviews unless you are going 
to give me an email address to respond to.



Well I hope you enjoy this fic. Please do not flame me! Constructive 
criticism is ok but flames are not. To all those people out their who 
don't like this story so far and just want to flame me, I say: So desu 
ne! 0_o

Disclaimer: Neither Tenchi Muyo nor Sailor Moon Belong to me. I am just 
a simple fan writing a fun fanfic for other fans. ^_^ So don't sue!

* Battle Of The Rulers *
Episode 1. New Enemy?


Bright lights flashed all around, and strange noises could be heard 
from many different places, but of course none of these seemed to 
bother Washu. She was use to these things because; it was after all her 
lab! Washu sighed wearily. Nothing interesting had come up for a long 
time and she was starting to get bored. She typed on her lab top slowly 
not really paying attention to what she was doing. That's when it first 
started. Washu was brought back out of her daze when she spotted a 
strange source of energy on her lab top. "Huh? What's that?" Washu 
blinked furiously making sure she wasn't seeing things. "A strange 
energy coming from Tokyo. I have never seen such energy like this 
before." She almost jumped up in excitement to have finally come across 
something. She started typing right away to learn more of this energy 
and where it came from.

~ * ~ *

"What's this all about?" Ryoko asked annoyed. Tenchi, Ayeka, Sasami, 
Mihoshi, and Ryoko were all in the living room waiting for Washu to 
come. 

"I'm sorry everyone for calling you all here. I have some very 
important news to tell you guys." Washu walked out of her lab door and 
over to a chair in the room. "What is it Washu-chan?" Tenchi asked 
curiously. 

Washu sat down and crossed her legs. "Well. I have found a strange 
source of energy coming from Tokyo. It is quite powerful, and it's 
nothing I have ever seen before. I think we should go to Tokyo and 
investigate, it could be an enemy." The room was quiet for a while, but 
that didn't last long. 

"Miss Washu, I have a question." Ayeka said diligently, "Tokyo is a 
huge place, how are we going to find the strange energy let alone the 
people using it?"  

"That's a very good question, Ayeka." Washu's lab top popped up in 
front of her and she began to type away. "I have been researching and 
studding this energy for awhile, and I have found out that the people 
using it are the age of 15, and that the energy is strong and spent 
most of it's time around this school. Therefore I have come up the 
conclusion that all of them attend that school and the reason for the 
energy being really strong there is because they are all in one place. 
The only problem is, that when we get there we will not be able to 
figure out who the people are right away or even how many people are in 
on it. We will just have to keep our eyes open and watch for strange 
things." 

"So Washu?" Tenchi asked, "Does this mean you have a plan for us?" 

"Yup, I sure do Tenchi. Now listen carefully because this might take 
awhile." Washu took a deep breath and began to discus the plan. "We 
must attend that school that is obvious, but I know what you are 
thinking, how are all of you going to attend the school? Well. Tenchi 
we all now you still attend school so there is no problem their, Ryoko 
and Ayeka you guys look around Tenchi's age so it will not be hard to 
fool them, and Mihoshi shouldn't really be a problem either. The 
problem is with Sasami, Ryo-oki and me. I have taken the time to set up 
a machine that will disguise Sasami to look older and since this isn't 
my original size I can easily change the way I look too. As for Ryo-
oki, she will be invisible to everyone but us. That way she can still 
stick around if we need to use her for traveling."

Washu looked at everyone and their faces to see what kind of 
expressions they were wearing. Ayeka's looked surprised to hear their 
was another strong power out there, Ryoko's looked bored out of her 
mind, Tenchi's looked nervous as usual, Sasami's eyes were bright with 
stars in them, she was obviously happy about the idea of looking older 
for awhile, and Mihoshi's looked confused. It was all very funny sight 
to see. 

Finally Ryoko decided to talk. "Hey Washu, you say this energy is 
strong, but just how strong is it and is it stronger than any of ours?" 
Washu looked over in her daughters direction glaring at first because 
of the way Ryoko had said her name and also how she didn't call her 
mom, but immediately stopped glaring when she realized Ryoko had asked 
a very good question.  

"Ah, another good question. This power is strong but I can't say how 
strong, that is why I made plans for us to go investigate. As I said 
before, this energy is of one I have never seen before, so we need to 
be real careful when we go down there." Ryoko snickered, knowing very 
well why Washu has been glaring at her and the fact that Washu actually 
admitted not knowing something. Washu heard her snicker but just 
decided to ignore it. 

"Well everyone, you better get pack and get a good nights sleep because 
we are leaving first thing in the morning." Washu said. Everyone 
started getting up to head to his or her rooms. Ryoko was about to 
leave when she heard Washu call her name. 

"Ryoko"

"What?" 

"Could you come talk to me in my lab for awhile. I need to tell you 
something." Ryoko looked confused. What could Washu possibly have to 
tell her that couldn't be told in front of everyone else?

"Yeah sure." Ryoko replied and followed Washu into the lab. 

Ryoko followed Washu around the lab waiting for her to stop. Since the 
lab was so big she wasn't exactly sure were they were heading. It was a 
quiet walk both Washu and Ryoko didn't talk. Ryoko was starting to feel 
nervous. She had never seen Washu this way and she wished that she 
would say or do something stupid. Finally Ryoko couldn't take it any 
longer and she spoke up, "Washu what is all of this about?" Washu 
stopped, turned around, and looked at Ryoko. It seemed like forever 
until Washu actually said something. "Ryoko are you ok with this?"

Ryoko raised an eyebrow, "Ok with what?' 

"With going to Tokyo and with me looking older?" Ryoko was really 
confused now. * Since when did Washu care what I think? * Ryoko thought 
to herself. "I don't understand. Are you sick Washu? Since when do you 
care what I think?"

Washu looked down at the ground and Ryoko watched her in confusion. 
Then Ryoko noticed something unusual. A small drop of water had fallen 
on the hard ground. * Is.is. she crying? * Finally Washu decided to 
talk. "I have always cared Ryoko, because you are my daughter."

This hit Ryoko hard. Her mind wondered over and over, wondering if what 
she just heard was real. She was frightened at the thought, but yet it 
made her fell a little better. Like a little more important, knowing 
someone cared.

"Wa.m.mom" Ryoko stuttered to get that out. It was hard for her to call 
someone that still, even though she did it all the time when she was 
mad. Washu looked up from the ground, when she heard that. Her eyes 
were teary, but she quickly wiped them away and smiled at Ryoko.

"I'm sorry about me acting like this on you. I understand it is hard 
for you to see me as your mother, but that is the reason why I really 
wanted to talk to you. I was wondering if we could try to blossom a 
relationship between you and me when we go down to Tokyo." Ryoko 
blinked a couple of times before she gained control again. 

"Well. mom. This is so weird. How exactly will we be able to do that 
there?" Washu raised her hand up and then two cushions appeared from 
nowhere, one in front of Washu and the other in front of Ryoko. Both of 
them took a seat and then Washu began to talk. "Well it may not seem 
like a mother daughter relationship in front of people, but to us it 
will be. You see I am going to be around you a lot when I go to the 
school, but I will look around your age. So I was thinking we can try 
to get closer by first just being like friends, or more to what the 
people will think, sisters, while we are down there. We can get closer 
by taking our time and not really having to admit I am your mother and 
you are my daughter." 

Ryoko sat there, deep in thought. She really wanted to get closer to 
Washu, but yet she didn't want to admit she ever had a mom. She liked 
to show she was tough and didn't need anyone, but the truth was that 
she really did. Finally after what seemed like an hour. Ryoko held out 
her hand to Washu and said, "You got your self a deal. I would like to 
try that." Washu smiled and grabbed her hand to shake it.

 ~ * ~ *

"Waaaaaa" Usagi yelled as she ran down the sidewalk towards Rei's 
house. She had detention again that day, so she was running really late 
to another scout meeting. "I can't believe that Miss. H! She just 
forgot all about me again!" Finally she reached the shrine and of 
coarse she was greeted with a loud "Your Late!" from all the scouts. 

"I. am. sorry guys." Usagi said all breathy while she leaned up against 
the wall. Rei turned back around to face the other girls and said, 
"What I was going to say was that nothing new has come up yet. The only 
thing that disturbs me is the strange feelings I keep getting, but the 
fire isn't telling me anything." 

Ami starting typing on her little computer for a while until she said, 
"Nothing is coming up on my computer either. I think we should just 
keep our guards up in case anything does happen though."  Everyone 
nodded around.

Makoto got up from her seat and said, "Well I should be going now. I am 
really tired. See you guys tomorrow." Minako stood up as well and said, 
"I am going to go to. We all might as well so we can be well refreshed 
for tomorrow." Everyone else nodded and started heading out the door 
except Rei and Usagi. 

"Not Fair! I just go here!" Usagi wailed as she watched everyone leave. 

"That's your own fault Usagi-chan. Maybe if you go to school on time 
you wouldn't have that problem. Now go home and go to bed." Usagi 
nodded and headed out the door. Sometimes she couldn't stand the way 
Rei acted around her but she knew deep down that Rei really cared a lot 
for her. Rei was right though about a lot of the things she said. She 
really needed to work on not being late and also about the strange 
feelings she talked about. Usagi had felt them too, if only for a 
while, and wondered herself what it could be. The girls never seemed to 
take her serious though so she decided not to say anything at the 
meeting. She was really thankful that they felt the same way though.

~*~*

Usagi was actually not late to school in a long time! She had called 
Mamaru that night to tell him about the meeting they had and the 
strange feeling she had. She always knew Mamaru would listen to her and 
she really wanted someone to listen to her. Also as she was talking to 
him she remembered what Rei had told her, so she asked if Mamaru would 
come by early in the morning so that they could walk to school 
together. Usually he would, but a while ago when she made them both 
late she told him not to come anymore because she didn't want him to be 
late at her fault. Mamaru had disagreed about it at first, but soon 
gave up and decided it was best, if it made Usagi happy. This time it 
worked out though and Usagi thought it was nice to be walking to school 
with her boyfriend again.

Usagi was brought from her thoughts when she heard the Sensei make an 
announcement. "Please take your seats class. We have a large number of 
new students join this school today and two of them are your age, so 
they will be in this class. Please be nice to them and make them feel 
comfortable." The sensei walked to the door and motioned for the people 
to come in. Usagi watched carefully to get a good look at them; Rei and 
Molly were sitting next to her since they were both in that class as 
well. The first person to walk through the door was a very pretty girl 
with blue hair, she wore them in pigtails like Usagi, but unlike Usagi 
they didn't have odango's in them, also though the girl looked her age 
she seemed to have a more innocent or younger look about her, and she 
had pretty pink eyes. The second person was way different than the 
first, she was still very pretty though, and had spiky reddish pink 
hair and green sparkly eyes. Her hair was just let loose, so you could 
see how long it was, and unlike the other girl, this one didn't have 
that younger look, in fact you could see in her eyes that she seemed to 
be older even she didn't look any older than the rest.

Usagi took her eyes off them to see what the sensei was writing on the 
board. It read Sasami Jurai, and Washu Hakubi. "Class, meet Sasami 
Jurai and Washu Hakubi, both have moved her from a place called 
Okayama. They have been friends for a long while and have come her 
along with their sister's and fellow friends Tenchi, and Mihoshi." The 
Sensei paused before talking to the two girls. "Girls, you can take a 
seat behind Usagi over there. There are two, so I am sure that will be 
a good place." She pointed to the direction where Usagi was sitting and 
the girls started walking in that direction.

"Hello there," Usagi said to the two girls when they got to her desk, 
"My name is Usagi Tsukino and these two beside me are my friends, Rei 
Hino and Molly (AN: if you know her last name please tell me)." The red 
haired girl who Usagi thought to be Washu bowed slightly at her and 
said, "Nice to meet all of you."  Usagi's eyebrow went up. She had 
never had anybody bow to her before and she thought it to be weird, but 
she didn't say anything about it as the girls took their seats. 

Rei bumped Usagi in the side and said in a whisper, "We all need to 
talk at lunch so will you pass that on to the others if you see them, 
including Mamaru." Usagi nodded and turned back to the front of the 
room to pretend she was listening to the sensei's lesson.

~*~*

Mamaru sat at his desk thinking about the time he had spent with Usagi 
when they walked to school. He was surprised Usagi asked him to the 
other day, but felt happy about it. Mamaru went to the same school as 
Usagi and the others, but he was older and in his last year of high 
school. His teacher still hadn't got there yet so Mamaru watched his 
fellow classmates laugh and talk. One of his friends talked to him for 
a while, but then he was called by one of the pretty girls to come over 
there. That didn't bother him at all though. He liked to be able to 
just sit there and relax for a while before school started.

Finally the sensei walked in the door and the students took that time 
to go back to their seats. "We have 4 new students today class. So be 
on your best behavior." The sensei started writing names on the board 
as the students came in. Mamaru thought it was strange to have 4 new 
students at this time of year, but shook it off at the moment to take a 
good look at the people. The first person to come in was a male. He had 
spiky black hair with a small ponytail in the back, were his hair was a 
little longer, and he had brown eyes. He seemed like a simple enough 
person. The next person to walk in was a female. Mamaru's eyes widened 
at the look of this girl, she was odd looking but yet she was very 
pretty (although in his mind Usagi was much more prettier). She had 
spiky, cyan colored hair, and cat like eyes that were yellow. She 
looked like a very tough girl but yet kind. The 3rd person to walk in 
was a female too, but a lot different from the first one. She had long 
purple hair cut in an interesting style, and her eyes were a soft 
reddish pink color. She walked gracefully and she seemed to be weak but 
you could definitely tell she was far from it.

As for the last person, she was female also. She had very dark skin 
with blonde hair and big blue eyes. She seemed to be a like a very kind 
person, bubbly and clumsy. The girl reminded Mamaru of Usagi a lot. 
When they were all in the room the sensei began to talk again. "Class, 
The boy here is Tenchi Misaki, and the girls following him are Ryoko 
Hakubi, Ayeka Jurai, and Mihoshi Kuramitsu. They came to Tokyo from 
Okayama with 2 others who happen to be the younger sisters of Ryoko and 
Ayeka." 

The sensei told the students they could sit were ever they could find a 
seat. Mamaru noticed how the girl Ryoko got closer to Tenchi when the 
teacher told them this. He guessed that the girl must like him, but 
then the other girl Ayeka did the same and Mamaru thought to himself it 
must be a love triangle.  They all ended up sitting in the last for 
seats in the back, which happened to be close to Mamaru. They sat in 
the order of Ryoko, Tenchi, Ayeka, and Mihoshi. The male (Tenchi) 
happened to be sitting right behind Mamaru. The Sensei got an important 
call from the intercom saying he had a phone call, so the sensei told 
the class they had free time until he got back. Mamaru turned around to 
meet the new guy. 

"Hello," Mamaru said while holding out his hand, "My name is Mamaru 
Chiba." Tenchi grasped his hand and shook it while saying, "Nice to 
meet you Chiba-kun." Mamaru release his hand and said, "Please, call me 
Mamaru." Tenchi smiled and turned to look in the direction Ryoko was 
sitting. Ryoko was just sitting there deep in thought, and whatever she 
was thinking about must have been important because she seemed to be 
concentrating hard. Then Tenchi turned to look at Ayeka and Mihoshi. 
Ayeka seemed to look annoyed by the bubbly Mihoshi, but didn't say 
anything about it. 

Mamaru then decided to ask a question. "So, what is your relationship 
with these girls?" Tenchi turned to him quickly and said, "What do you 
mean?" 

"I mean you seem to all know each other so how is that?" Tenchi seemed 
to loosen up a bit and said, "Oh well, it is strange really. Ryoko was 
the first one I met followed by Ayeka and her sister, then Mihoshi, and 
then Ryoko's sister. My grandfather owns a shrine, so that's how I met 
them all. I lived with just my dad in a big house so we decided to let 
people rent out rooms and those were the people who rented them." 

Mamaru laughed and said, "What an interesting story. That sure is a lot 
of girls living in one house!" Tenchi laughed as well and scratched the 
back of his head. "Yeah it sure is, but I don't mind anymore. We are 
like one big family now." Mamaru smiled and said, "That's nice." 

Mamaru turned to look at Ryoko again and noticed she seemed a bit upset 
looking. "Hey Tenchi, is Ryoko ok?" Tenchi turned to look at Ryoko and 
got a concerned look on his face. "I don't know. She has been acting 
different all day today." 

Mamaru shrugged his shoulders and said, "Do you think it is because of 
the new place?" Tenchi shook his head. "No, I doubt it." He then turned 
back in Ryoko direction and said, "Ryoko. Ryoko, are you ok?" 

Ryoko snapped out of her thoughts and smiled, "Yes Tenchi just fine." 
Tenchi wasn't convinced but decided to drop it for now and talk to her 
after school or something. Mamaru raised an eyebrow at Tenchi's 
confused look, but didn't say anything. 

Ryoko had been thinking about what her and Washu had talked about the 
night before. She couldn't sleep last night because of it and couldn't 
get her mind off of it. Soon Ryoko decided she better start acting 
normal or Tenchi would be asking questions, and she didn't feel like 
telling Tenchi about that night yet. Ryoko got up from her seat and 
walked over to Tenchi. She put her arms around his neck and whispered 
something in his ear. 

Mamaru watched this and saw Tenchi's face get really red. All of a 
sudden you could her a high-pitched squeal. "Ryoko how...how dare you! 
Can't you see your suffocating him? Get your dirty hands off of him."  
Mamaru turned to look at were the voice come from. It was the purple 
haired girl Ayeka. Ryoko let go of Tenchi and said, "Want to make 
something of it you prissy princess!" The two girls glared daggers at 
each other until Mihoshi stood up and said, "Girls, girls please calm 
down." 

Both of them turned to her and said, "You stay out of this!" Tenchi 
sighed and put his head on the table. "Here we go again." He said 
unhappily. Mamaru chuckle and said, "So I guess this happens a lot?"  

"You do not want to know." Mamaru got up from his seat and headed 
towards the girls. "Excuse me ladies." Ryoko and Ayeka stopped glaring 
at each other and turned to look at him. "Sorry to barge in on you, but 
the sensei will be back soon and I thought I should tell you this to 
keep you out of trouble because he doesn't take kindly to fights."  The 
two girls turned back to back with their hands crossed and both made a 
'humph' noise. They thanked Mamaru solemnly and headed back to their 
seats. 

Mamaru went back to his seat as well and sure enough the sensei walked 
in the room. Tenchi thanked Mamaru and then they turned their full 
attention back on the sensei.

~*~*

"So what grade are your sisters and friends in?" Usagi asked Washu. It 
was 10 minutes until the next class and their sensei had decided to 
give them free time until then. 

"Well, They are all in the last year of high school."  

"Really?" Usagi asked, "My boyfriend is in his last year too. Maybe 
they we meet each other. Sasami and Rei then joined in on the 
conversation. 

"How do you guys all know each other?" Rei asked both Washu and Sasami. 
This time Sasami answered. "Well me and her are good friends because 
our sister's knew each other. One day my sister had to move down to a 
certain place for something. I went with her and we found a place to 
rent a room at a nice house. Tenchi was the owner of the house along 
with his dad and Ryoko, Washu's sister, was already there. Then two 
more people came. Which happened to be Mihoshi and then Washu came to 
look for Ryoko and decided to stay there with her." 

Usagi looked astonished. "So all of you live in the same house? That is 
a lot of people." Washu spoke this time. "Yep it sure is, but it really 
is no big deal. The house is really nice and quite roomy, and to us we 
are like one big happy family." Usagi smiled and said, "That is really 
neat. Hey at lunch we eat with the last years so maybe we can all eat 
together?" 

Rei glared and Usagi but didn't' say anything. Sasami smiled and said, 
"That would be great. Thanks." Usagi smiled back despite Rei's look and 
said, "No problem. It will be fun." The school bell rang and everyone 
started to get up. 

"Well we will see you guys again at lunch. Ja" 

"Ja" they replied. 

~*~*

It didn't take long for lunch to come. Rei, Usagi, Mamaru, Ami, Minako, 
and Makoto were standing in a circle. They were hiding behind a big 
bush. Ami had her computer out and was typing away as usual. The others 
just watched her. "We must hurry. I told some new students that I would 
eat lunch with them today." Usagi said calmly.

Ami put away her computer and looked back up at everyone. "Well Rei you 
are right. My computer detects a strong energy but it can't place it 
yet."  Makoto then asked, "Do you think it is the new students?" 

"It could be but we have no proof yet, so don't go jumping to any 
drastic conclusions. It could just all be coincidence." 

Makoto nodded, as did the others. "Well we better go. I can't wait to 
meet to other new students. Maybe we can show them around Tokyo on the 
weekend?" Usagi said excitedly. "Ok, ok Usagi lets go." Said Rei.

~*~*

Washu and Sasami stood together waiting patiently for the others to 
show up. "Hey Sasami?" 

"What Washu?"

Washu looked into Sasami's eyes and said, "Do feel that strange power?"  
Sasami nodded and said, "Yes, I sure do Washu. Do you have any clues as 
to who it might be?"

Right then Ryoko, Ayeka, Tenchi, and Mihoshi showed up. "Good you guys 
are here." Washu said, "I was just about to tell Sasami something 
important about the strange power were feeling. Do you guys feel it?" 
Everyone nodded and let Washu continue. "Well I can't say for sure, so 
don't get crazy on this, but I have a strange feeling about the young 
girls Sasami and I met in the first class."  

"Who are they?" Ryoko asked. 

"You will see them soon. They invited us to come eat with them and all 
their friends." 

"Oh here they come now!" Sasami said while pointing her finger in the 
direction from which they were coming from. 

"Hey minna-san!" Usagi said and waved at them. She quickened her pace 
and started to introduce everyone to them. "Well you two already know 
her but for the ones that don't her name is Rei, The girl with the 
ponytail is Makoto, Minako is the other blonde, the short blue haired 
girl is Ami, and the guy here is my boyfriend Mamaru." 

"Hey we know him." Said Tenchi. "Oh yes, you're the guy in our first 
period class aren't you?" asked Ayeka.

"Yes." Replied Mamaru. "I am afraid I haven't got your names yet." Said 
Usagi. "Oh, I am sorry." Said Mihoshi, "How rude of us. My name is 
Mihoshi."

The purple haired girl bowed slightly and said, "My name is Ayeka." 
Then the Cyan haired girl said, "I am Ryoko and this here is my lover 
Tenchi." 

Ayeka burst into rage and said, "As if you demon woman. He belongs to 
me!" Both the girls started growling at each other and clamping their 
fists. That's when Washu spoke up. "Stop it you two! What a great way 
to make a first impression!" They stopped but you could still here them 
mumbling at times.

"Sorry about that. I am Washu and this girl here is Sasami." 

"Oh that's ok," said Makoto, "It reminds me of Usagi and Rei." 

"What!" the two of them yelled in unison.  Everyone then began to 
laugh. "Lets go eat!" said Sasami. 

"Hai." Replied everyone.                  
