...Before a Fall: Part 4 "No Need for Conspiracies"
Timothy Alan Weaver
weaverta@email.uah.edu
Synopsis: Peter Parker is still under house arrest by Pixy Misa, and Ramia plans 
out the demise of the Magical Girls

	OK folks, here's the legal stuff.  "Mahou Shoujo Pretty Samy" and all of 
the characters in it are owned by AIC and Pioneer.  "The Amazing Spider-Man" and 
all of the characters in it are owned by Marvel Comics.  This is no attempt to 
cash in on your work and all done in fun.  So please don't sue.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

New York City

	It was six in the evening when Sasami paid a visit to Misao and Ms. Amano.  
She had with her a family meal from a local fried chicken place.  She felt 
guilty abandoning Misao to look for Misa and wanted to make it up to her by 
giving Misao and her mother a meal.  Misao and her mother stay in a separate 
room from Sasami's family.  Ms. Amano said it felt a little crowded sharing an 
apartment with Chihiro, Sasami, and Tenchi, and she wanted to get a separate 
room.  She looked a little weird when she said that; as if she was in a daze.  
Chihiro and Sasami dismissed as jet lag.  Sasami pressed the doorbell button.  
She waited a few seconds for an answer but didn't receive one.  She was about to 
ring the doorbell again when Ms. Amano opened the door.  She still had that 
vacant look in her face.

	"What do what want, Sasami?" asked Ms. Amano.

	"I sorry Ms. Amano," Sasami apologized "that I've haven't been to see 
Misao.  I've been busy helping Tenchi with his homework."  Sasami winced.  Was 
that the best excuse you could come up with, stupid, Sasami thought.  "I wanted 
to make up for lost time by giving her some gaijan food to try.  We can all eat 
it together."

	"Absolutely not," Ms. Amano commanded.  "Misao is sick, and this time 
she's contagious.  I don't want you to get sick."

	"But I'll be careful, Ms. Amano..."

	"I SAID 'NO'!"  Ms. Amano slammed the door shut.

	Sasami knocked on the door again.  "You forgot the fried chicken."  Ms. 
Amano reached from out of the room and took the food.  She shut the door and 
thanked her for the food.  Sasami hung her head down and walked away.  Sasami 
looked like she was on the verge of crying.  She had missed a chance to spend 
time with her friend, and now her friend was sick, but this time she couldn't be 
with her.  Well, there was no use fighting it, she thought.  She started walking 
back to her apartment when she saw a young boy leaning against the wall next to 
the stairway.  "Ryo-ohki, what you doing here, and in human form?"

	Ryo-ohki straightened up, no longer leaning against the wall.  "I'm been 
waiting for you, and they don't let pets in the building so I had to take my 
true form to get around.  You probably want to go look for Pixy Misa, now that 
you can't stay with Misao."  Ryo-ohki hoped that she would forget the whole 
matter if got to spend some time with Misao.  Sasami nodded her head.  She 
looked back at Misao's room looking worried.  She wondered what her friend would 
do without by her side.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	Peter Parker was standing in the doorway watching Aunt May and Pixy Misa 
cooking in the kitchen.  Aunt May took some pieces of chicken and put them in 
the microwave.  She set the microwave on defrost and the timer for ten minutes.  
While Aunt May was defrosting the kitchen, Pixy Misa was getting out a pan from 
under the sink.  Aunt May gave Misa a roll of aluminum foil.  "Cover the pan 
with this so you don't have so much trouble washing it after dinner, okay."  
Pixy Misa nodded her head.

	"Pixy Misa sure keeps her hostages close to her," Parker lamented to 
himself.  Pixy Misa had been at Aunt May's side for the past three days.  She 
hasn't shown any sign she was going to do any differently in the near future.  
No matter what, Pixy Misa was within ten feet of Aunt May.  Why fight Spider-Man 
when its so much easier keeping tabs on Peter Parker's aunt.

	"Peter," screamed a voice.  Peter snapped out of his intermission.

	"Peter," said Misa who was frowning at Peter, "Aunt May was talking to 
you."

	"Sorry, Aunt May" Peter apologized.  "What is that you need?"

	Aunt May replied, "We're out of chicken seasoning.  Could you be a dear 
and buy some?"

	"Sure, Aunt May.  But could Pixy Mi.. er I meant Misao could with me."

	"Misao, you don't mind going with Peter to the grocery store do you?"

	Pixy Misa smiled at Aunt May, "Of course not Aunt May.  Pety might forget 
if I don't go."  

	Peter shuddered when Misa called His aunt "Aunt May".  But it wasn't out 
of jealousy that made him disgusted.  He was angry that Pixy Misa would use Aunt 
May to blackmail him.  He forced a smile on his face and took Misa by the hand 
and walked out of the house.  They took the bus to the store.  Pixy Misa looked 
around the store for a minute and pulled Parker to the side and pointed to the 
tobacco product section of the store, "I need you to buy me a pack of 
cigarettes."

	Peter replied, " What is wrong with you?  You're too young to smoke."

	"You're right.  I shouldn't ask you do something so immoral as buying 
cigarettes for a minor. "  Peter was quite surprised.  Could it be that his 
blackmailer has grown a conscious?  "I know Spider-Man wouldn't do something 
like that.  Peter Parker would but not Spider-Man.  Isn't that right, Spidy."

	I guess she doesn't have a conscious, thought Peter.   "I'm actually would 
like to buy you some smokes.  Maybe you'll get lung cancer and died."

	"Just buy them."

	Peter went inside and asked for the cheapest pack they had.  The cashier 
asked for some I.D.  Peter gave her his student I.D.  Once she looked at it, she 
gave it back to Peter and pointed to a sign that said "MUST BE 19 YEARS OR OLDER 
TO PURCHASE ANY TOBACCO PRODUCT", and the cashier said, "and not a day before 
your 19th birthday."  Peter explained the situation to her.  Misa frowned upon 
hearing this.

	"You still own me a pack.   You can pick me up one from a vending 
machine," said Misa.

	A beeping nose came from Peter's pocket.

	"Peter!" said Pixy Misa.  "Could you PLEASE turn off that dang beeper?"

	Peter fiddled around with the spider tracker inside of his pocket.  He 
switched it off, knowing full well that Pixy Misa wasn't going to let him go.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	"Sasami, can we go home now?  It's almost sunset and Chirio's is starting 
to worry about you.  This is New York City.  It's as large as Tokyo," protested 
Ryo-ohki as he was perched on top of Samy's back.  Sasami responded with a shush 
as she flew around looking for Pixy Misa.

	Sasami replied, "I know this is New York City, and it's got millions of 
people here, but we can find her here if we look hard enough."

	"I think this job is too big for us."

	"Yeah, Ryo-ohki, it's too rough for a magical girl.  We need to let the 
REAL SUPERHEROS handle the bad guys here.  Whose side are you on anyway?"

	"Yours Sasami.  But you need to calm down and not get into a fight with 
Spider-Man on your mind.  You're letting this get to you.  I mean, you just 
snapped at me on the assumption I was questioning your abilities.  You saved the 
whole world from that computer guy.  I don't think Bugboy could of done the same 
thing even with a whole army at his side.  Why you want to prove your worth to 
him is beyond me?"

	"It's not just him it's..." Sasami became silent for a second when she 
heard gunshots.  She looked down hoping it was Pixy Misa but was instead a car 
chase.  "Why now?  Why not after we find Pixy Misa?"  Samy swooped down towards 
the high-speed chase."

	Panic erupted in the street as a suped-up black van flew down the road at 
100 mph while being chased by four squad cars.  Pedestrians screamed while 
trying to get out of the way of the modern-day desperadoes that were fleeing the 
scene of a jewelry heist.  The robbers made a sharp turn into a narrow two-way 
street with the four squad cars in pursuit.   Suddenly, the lead squad car began 
to swerve out of control.  The driver hit the emergency blinkers and put on the 
brakes.  He hit a parked car along the curve and blocked the way for the other 
three squad cars.

	Inside the getaway van, the leader of the group, a tall muscular man with 
pale skin and hair wearing a black leather suit, turned the driver, who was in a 
ski mask and military fatigues, and congratulated him.

	"I have to hand it to you, Hank, I didn't think your brother-in-law would 
be able to get his buddies off our rear ends," he said.  The other two thugs, 
who also wore ski masks and military fatigues, complimented him over his use of 
connections in the police force.

	The driver commented, "Well, Tombstone, Mom told my sister he was no-good 
even if he was a cop.  We just give him a cut of the loot, and he'll make sure 
the police won't get on our tails."

	"Yeah, but can your brother-in-law save you from me," called out a voice 
from behind them.  The driver brought the van to an abrupt halt and all four 
crooks turned their heads to see a young girl lying on the floor face first into 
a bag of jewelry.  She got up, brushed herself off, and spit out some precious 
stones from her mouth.  She then picked up a weird-looking cat from out of the 
lap of one of the thugs in the back.  "How dare you corrupt law enforcement so 
you can steal from hard working people.  The mahou shoujo Pretty Samy will not 
stand for this."

	The thugs just stood them for a minute staring in disbelief at Pretty Samy 
for a minute.  Their eyes were wide open and looked like saucers, and their 
mouths were opened almost drooling at the shock of this strange looking child 
which suddenly appeared in the band.  Then a barely noticeable noise was coming 
from the mouth of the thug on the left.  He made the same noise again, but this 
time it was a little louder.  Finally, the thug no longer restrained himself, 
and started laughing.  The thug on the right and the one in the driver's seat 
were letting themselves go and falling on the floor laughing too hysterically to 
stand up.

	"I'm serious.  I'm here to stop you from robbing anymore stores and throw 
you in jail," Samy protested.  But the only response she got from the thugs was 
more hysterical laughter.  She wanted a serious response from the thugs.  
Unfortunately, she got her wish when she felt someone dragging her out of the 
band by her pigtails.

	She was looking face-to-face to Tombstone (partially because he pulled her 
hair back).  "You little s^&t," was Tombstone's only words to Pretty Samy before 
throwing her into the window of a nearby building.  The inside of the store was 
cascaded with shards of broken glass flying inside the building hitting one of 
its occupants.  Sasami stood up in a slight daze thanking the Lord above that 
she had a magic barrier surrounding her.  She casted the spell "Pretty First 
Aid" on the innocent bystander that were cut by the flying glass.  She stepped 
out of the broken window, raised her baton preparing to smite the man that just 
tried to make her a part of the building and began chanting the magical phrase.  
"Pretty Coquet..." cried Pretty Samy before she was rudely interrupted by 
Tombstone's left hook.  She got back and tried the spell again.  "Pretty Coq..." 
before Tombstone kicked her in the gut.  "No wonder why they call him 
Tombstone," thought Sasami to herself.  "His fists feel!
 like a slab of marble slamming into me." 

	"I thought you wasn't to stand for me robbing hard working people little 
girl," Tombstone taunted Samy as she was scrawled all over the floor beaten and 
bruised.  Tombstone spat on her and pulled his foot back to kick Samy when 
something from behind him grab his foot.  Tombstone lost his balance and hit the 
ground.  He turns to see what looked like to him a mutant boy with long, furry 
ears and a jewel in his forehead.  The boy raised his hand pointing it at 
Tombstone.  A ring around his arm filled with energy and fired at Tombstone's 
chest.  The destructive energy only managed to knock the mob boss back a foot or 
two.  Tombstone kicked the boy in the face with the bottom of his foot and set 
him flying across the street.  Tombstone started walking towards him when he 
hears someone saying, "Pretty Coquettish Bomber."  All that Tombstone saw was a 
giant pink heart with his name on it.  Magical sparkles were all that occupied 
the space that Tombstone was standing in.

	Pretty Samy ran over to Ryo-ohki and helped him up.  On his face was the 
imprint of Tombstone's boot.  "Are you okay?" asked Ryo-ohki.

	"I'm fine," Sasami lied.  She surveyed the area looking for Tombstone's 
accomplishes which fled in the getaway band once they saw what happen to their 
boss.  Sasami saw a crowd of people gathered around the scene of the fight 
laughing and pointing at her.

	A little boy pointed to her and cried out, "Go home Sailor Moon and leave 
crime fighting to the real superheroes."  Not now, thought Ryo-ohki.  He just 
barely gets Sasami to turn to Pretty Samy as it is without people jeering at 
her.

	Sasami yelled, "I'm not Sailor Moon.  My name Pretty Samy."

	The crowd wasn't paying attention to anything she said.  One of the people 
in the crowd, an old woman turned to her right to an elderly man and said, 
"Honey, is that that Tuxedo Mask guy that always hangs out with Sailor Moon?"

	"It can't be him.  He doesn't even have a top hat let alone a penguin suit 
on."

	A teenage girl standing by the old couple, their granddaughter, commented 
to everyone, "Well, he needs a top hat on to hide that bad haircut of his."  
Even more people started laughing and pointing at the two circus sideshow 
freaks.

	"Yeah, Sue," snickered a pimple-faced red-haired boy.  "He does need a top 
hat on to hide that hair do of his."  Ryo-ohki self-consciously began to feel 
the top of his head wondering what was wrong with his hair.

	A man standing by the side said, "he also needs a hat to hide those ears 
and birthmark on his forehead.  Man, these mutants look weirder and weirder each 
day."

	"Samy, let's go.  We got to for Pixy Misa," Ryo-ohki spat while looking at 
the crowd.

	"I thought you said..."

	"I was wrong, and you were right, Samy.  Let's make them eat every word 
they said."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	
	Peter Parker sprayed the room down in air freshener while fanning the 
spoke out of the window.  "Misao" finally managed to get her a pack of 
cigarettes.  "Couldn't you do this somewhere else since Aunt May or me doesn't 
smoke."  The smoke didn't bother Peter.  He was use to tobacco smoke since 
working for J. Johan Jamerson who was notorious for his cheap cigars.  He was 
more concerned that Aunt May would smell it.  

	Misa blew smoke in Peter's face.  "You do now if she asked."  Misa then 
started coughing.

	"Alright, Pixy Misa.  You had your fun.  Now tell me what you're doing 
here."

	"All you need to know is at a certain day.  You're going to take a short 
vacation from that dreaded job of yours long enough for me and a friend of mine 
to teach Samy a lesson."

	"No!" thought Peter.  "That little girl is going to get killed.  And it 
maybe my fault."  Peter felt sick to his stomach.  It was an old familiar 
friend: guilt.  He cringed to the memory of the last time he felt the pit of his 
stomach protesting to his vanity and foolish pride.  Worse.  Someone else paid 
the ultimate price for Peter's sin, and it looked as if history would repeat 
itself.  Peter then heard the door being unlocked.  Aunt May found out about 
Misao's bad habit despite Peter's best efforts.

	"Misao.  What do you call yourself doing?"  Aunt May shouted.  Not giving 
Pixy Misa a chance to answer back, Aunt May grabbed her by the ears leading her 
out the door and into the hallway.  Peter panicked and tried to get Misa away 
from his aunt out of fear the magical girl wouldn't tolerate being spanked.

	"Aunt May let me take of this."   Peter was sweating, and his voice was 
stressed.

	"You mean like standing there and doing nothing."

	"You were the one who said not to upset her."

	"I didn't mean let her run while.  If she lives under this roof, she'll 
live by the rules as everyone else.  No one is allowed to smoke her, especially 
young girls."  Aunt May took her to her room and locked the door behind her.  
Peter heard Aunt May's hand up against Misa's gluttous maximus and ouch's.  
Peter knew Pixy Misa was going to kill his aunt for sure.  He pulled out his 
Spider-Man mask when he realized the whole time he didn't feel his spider sense.  
It should of went off when Aunt May decided to the lay the law down on Pixy 
Misa.  Peter Parker decided to trust his spider sense and wait and see what 
happens.  Aunt May walked out of the room, and pulled Peter's ear in a likewise 
manner to the way she did Pixy Misa's ear.

	"Do something useful once in raising Misao and make sure her nose stays in 
that corner until I come back.  I have to pick up groceries."  To Peter's 
amazement, Misa was standing nose to the corner.  He feared the little brat 
would do bodily harm to his elderly aunt.  He strolled over to a chair and set 
it next to Pixy Misa.  He set down and getting himself comfortable for her 
interrogation.  "Pixy Misa, why didn't you..."

	"What sort of animal you take me for Spider-Man.  I wouldn't hurt your 
aunt."

	"You're planning to kill Pretty Samy aren't you?" Spider-Man rebutted.  
"That made me think you could do the same to my aunt."

	"We don't need to kill Samy to complete our goal.  We only need to 
humiliate her enough to disqualify Tsunami.  We know that Pretty Samy told you 
everything.  I disappoint Aunt May didn't I?"

	"You certainly not going to get a gold star for this, PM."

	"I really wish I didn't make Aunt May mad at me."  Pixy Misa wiped her 
eyes.  "Spider-Man, I meant Peter, do you think Aunt May will let me stay here 
anymore now she saw what I'm really like?"  Peter noticed that when she asked 
that question, she sounded desperate, as if she was afraid she would be 
abandoned.  She really did like being with Aunt May.  Spider-Man couldn't help 
but to pity this poor child.  For a split second, Peter forgot that she was the 
ten-year old brat blackmailing her.

	"No she won't.  I've done much worse, and she let me stay.  And I was 
never as pretty as you."

	Pixy Misa smiled.  "Thank you, Peter.  And to anyone else besides Aunt 
May, it's 'sexy' and not 'pretty'."

	Well, that ruined this Kodak moment, thought Peter.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Titan

	"You wanted to see me, Ramia?" Kasady asked.  He took this meeting with 
Ramia as an opportunity to look inside her headquarters which he was denied 
access to previously.  Carnage wished he really didn't.  The interior of Ramia's 
headquarters had a laverously decorated chandelier over her desk, the various 
painting hung around the perimeter of the room, and several statues of Ramia in 
various dignified poses all of them bearing the crown of the queen on Juraihelm 
on their brow.  Ramia's chair and desk had embedded in them precious gems 
encrusted in gold.  "Don't you think this overdoing it on the creature comforts.  
I mean we're only using this place for a temporary base until you boot Kamikaze 
out the running for queen."

	"Please, Mr. Kasady, as the future queen of Juraihelm, I can not expect to 
stay overnight in some thrown up tent like a common foot soldier."  Ramia paused 
for a second thinking of her, the one who always wanted her to muck through the 
mud like some pig despite the fact that she was in line for the throne.  "But I 
digress.  I brought you here to take care of some other loose ends."

	Carnage stared at Ramia wide eyed with his face red, his mouth twisted, 
and his teeth gnashed.  His symbiote was reverting to its true form.  "Wait a 
second, you said I only had to knock off Pretty Samy."

	"Calm down Kasady.  This isn't any big deal.  Besides you'll love to do 
this job.  You remember when Pixy Misa gave me that backtalk a week ago."

	"So!"

	"I'm afraid she's starting to become uncontrollable, and I won't risk all 
that I worked for by putting up with her antics.  So here's want we'll do.  I'll 
turn Pixy Misa back into her true identity just as the start of your fight with 
Pretty Samy, and you'll just have one little girl to kill."

	"Wait a sec.  Wouldn't it be better to have Pixy Misa help me kill Samy 
and then kill her."

	Ramia shook her head.  "Not' um.  Doesn't work that way for two reasons: 
one, deep down inside, Pixy Misa can't commit cold-blooded murder on Pretty Samy 
and might turn on you in the fight.  That's because her other personality is 
Samy's best friend which leads me to reason number two.  It would break Samy's 
spirit and inhibit her ability to fight if she sees Pixy Misa turn into Misao 
before her very eyes and see you strike her down.  If Samy's the forgiving type, 
she may even try to defend Misao that would leave her all the more vulnerable.  
It's perfect.  Just remember.  Take out Misao out first if you can.  She'll run 
from the fight and try to call the police.  Samy won't go anywhere.  If 
anything, she'll follow you.  If you can't kill Misao first for any reason, just 
concentrate on killing Samy, and we'll kill Misao when she tries to make contact 
with her mother, which is under my control.   Oh I almost forgot.  Take care of 
Samy's furry little pet.  He's like my brother,!
 Rumiya; he's really a Juraihelmian in animal form.  He know some offensive 
magic as well but is no ways as powerful as Pretty Samy's."

	"In speaking of your brother Rumiya, what are you doing about him?"

	"If he gets in your way...well...it won't take any imagination to know 
what you will do to him.  But I know my brother is a coward.  The most we have 
to worry about is that he runs to Tsunami and rats on me, but not before I show 
her some entries in his diary that he planned to have me crowned the queen so he 
can kill me and take over Juraihelm for himself.  I've already had the entry 
forged in the diary which my brother thinks is just misplaced."

	Carnage had a bewildered look on his face.  "He's awfully young to frame 
for treason.  No one'll believe a little kid would plan something like this."

	"I was his age when I arranged to have an assassin do in my uncle for 
trying to talk the one hundred and eight priests into selecting his son Seiryuu 
to be trained for the crown."

	"I like you Ramia," Carnage lied.  

	Ramia closed her eyes making a feline-like smile.  "I'm glad you do."

	Cletus Kasady didn't know whether to kill her for being so spoiled and 
shallow or to commit suicide for working for someone like this.  He sat down on 
the ground for a second and turned into Carnage.  "It's time to get off of daddy 
for a minute and get your stupid lesson for today."  A black tendril wiggled its 
way out of the strands of red fibers that made up the symbiote and took a place 
in from of Carnage.  "Did you see the lady Daddy was talking to?  It may seem 
like at first glance she would make a great mommy, but looks can be deceiving."  
Carnage started stroking the mass of black tentacles.  "What Daddy thought was a 
fellow killer was in reality just one of the various slimeballs that would hire 
Daddy and his working class friends to do jobs for them that they didn't want to 
do for themselves either because they had a goody-goody reputation and no rap 
sheet they wanted to keep it that way or were so snobbish they thought they were 
too good to get blood on their hands.!
  But Daddy going to fix her wagon, and give you your pick of internal organs to 
snack on.  You would like that wouldn't you."  The black symbiote because 
excited and started changing shape.  "I thought you would.  Now get back on 
Daddy, and be patient.  I have a present for you in addition to Ramia's 
innards."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


The Nexus of All Realities

            "It would seem that envy and jealousy is contagious among 
humanoids," the Watcher commented to Madame Webb who was viewing the fight 
between Samy and Tombstone.  She doesn't reply to the Watcher's analysis of the 
situation for fear she made the wrong choice for this assignment.  Pretty Samy 
is no longer fighting to protect the innocent but rather to prove to the world 
her worth as an individual.  Her coach, Ryo-ohki, is no help to getting Sasami's 
priorities straight but has wounded pride as well.  She thinks for a second.  
She needs a humbled champion; one not in the hero business for himself but for 
his fellow man.  She knows one that just came up.  He had just got a rude 
awakening when his adversary is now sleeping under the same roof as he is.  He 
may now be receptive to reason.

	Madame Webb floated over to the Watcher with a smile on her face.  "I have 
an ace up my sleeve."

	"Who is this ace, Madame Webb?"

	"Believe it not, he's the one who infected Pretty Samy with the pride-bug, 
Spider-Man."

End of Part 4

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I hope you enjoy the fic.  Please send all C and C to either 
!
                                                                                                                        
