...Before a Fall part 3
Timothy Alan Weaver
weaverta@email.uah.edu
"No Need for Quality Time"
Synopsis: Pixy Misa spends some quality time with the Parkers even if Peter 
doesn't want her to.

	"Pretty Samy" is owned by Pioneer and AIC, and "Amazing Spider-Man" is 
owned by Marvel.  If you sue, you'll lose money cause I'm broke.

____________________________________________________________________________

New York City

	Peter Parker leaned against the wall tapping his foot waiting impatiently 
for Pixy Misa to come out the dressing room.  He had a sour look on his face.  
Pixy Misa told Aunt May she didn't have any more clothes than the one she came 
in, and Aunt May wanted Peter to take her to get a new wardrobe.  Peter saw Misa 
peaking out of the dressing room door.  "Peter" she called to him.  She opened 
the dressing room door sporting a pair of designer jeans and a shirt that 
exposed her belly button.  She strutted out of the dressing room doing a catwalk 
imitating a fashion model going down the runway.  She turns to Peter and asked 
him, "Well, what do think?  Is this sheik or what?"

	Peter took a deep breath and sighed frustrated with Pixy Misa.  "I don't 
know about sheik, but could you at least pretend to be modest and wear clothes 
that actually leads something to the imagination?  Besides, Aunt May will just 
make me take it back."

	"Uggh!!  You're so boring!  I swear if someone told me you were a 
superhero, and I didn't already know..." Peter put his hand on Pixy Misa's 
mouth.  Misa put her hand on the top of her head laughing at her absent-
mindedness.  "Oops, sorry Petey.  I totally forgot about our little secret.  I 
won't tell if you get me two shirts.  The one I picked and one for Aunt May to 
see me wear."

	She going to take me for every dime I got in addition to any other plans 
she had for me, Spider-Man thought.  All of a sudden, Peter noticed Pixy Misa 
heading over the Tommy Hilfiger section of the store.  She was waving her hand, 
gesturing Peter to come over.  Peter took out his wallet, and bid his money a 
tearful goodbye.

	Peter and Pixy Misa boarded the public bus to go home and were accompanied 
by bags of clothes for "Misao".  Peter took a peak into his wallet and cringed 
at the beating it was taking from Pixy Misa's extravagant tastes.  Not even two 
hours at the mail and Pixy Misa already swandered Peter's meager college funds 
of $500.  They first went to JCPennies to buy Pixy Misa some new clothes.  She 
spent an hour trying clothes on.  When she was finished trying on clothes, she 
made Peter buy a total of six sets of Tommy Hilfiger clothes and two designer 
dresses for her.  She then made Peter buy her a few of the newest CD's or would 
have but the store didn't have any Japanese pop CD's.  They went to an expensive 
restaurant, and Misa had a steak dinner there.   Peter felt the bus stopping and 
looked out of the window.  The bus pulled up to their stop.  Pixy Misa stepped 
out of the bus followed by Peter who was almost completely hidden behind the 
mound of bags.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	"How does this look Aunt May?"  Pixy Misa turned side-to-side sporting her 
Hilfiger clothes.  Aunt May examined the shirt and pants to see if fit properly.  

	"Don't you think she looks adorable in her new clothes, Peter?" asked Aunt 
May.

	Peter was sitting on the couch with his head in his hands and his elbows 
on the coffee table.  "She's as cute as a button, Aunt May."  

	Pixy Misa frowned and sighed.  "Aunt May, can I go ahead and hang up my 
clothes now?  I'm a little tired now."

	Aunt May looked at the clock.  It was 10 minute till 11 PM.  She noticed 
that Misa had bags under her eyes.  "Well, I guess you had a busy day.  Go 
straight to bed, Misao."  Pixy Misa nodded her head and went upstairs.

	Peter sat up and walked over to Aunt May.  He put his hand on her shoulder 
and gently massaging it.  "Aunt May, I still think..."

	"My answer is still no," said Aunt May sternly.

	"But Aunt May, we could get in a lot of trouble keeping her.  What if her 
parents are looking for her?  We're only making things worse letting her stay 
here.  And I mean trouble with the law."

	"Peter, first off you worry too much.  And secondly, I can tell by the 
sound of her voice that her parents don't care whether she's missing, hurt, or 
dead or at least that what she thinks.  My decision is finally."

	Peter gritted his teeth in anger.  How dare that prepubescent tart take 
advantage of my aunt's kindness!  Peter started to go up the stairs when he saw 
waiting at the top of the stairs for him.  Pixy Misa stared at Peter in glaring 
anger.  Her hands were on her waist.

	"I'll let you off the hook for that one," said Pixy Misa.  "But the next 
time you try that stunt, I'll make you regret it."

	Peter hit himself on the head.  "Nice going, 'Web head'; want to get Aunt 
May killed."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	"BUZZ!  BUZZ!  BUZZ!"  The alarm clock did its daily duty in waking up its 
owner much to Peter's dismay.  Peter stumped out of the bed with a blanket 
draped over his shoulders.  He walked to the bathroom and looked in the mirror 
of the medicine cabinet.  He combed his hair and wiped off some dried-up drool 
running from his mouth with his hand.  He then brushed his teeth and washed his 
face in the sink.  He went back to his room and threw on some clothes he had set 
to the side last night.  Peter started to go downstairs when Aunt May called for 
him.

	"Not so fast, Peter."  Aunt May was getting a carton of eggs and some 
bacon out of the refrigerator.

	"What's wrong?" asked Peter.

	"I just don't want you running out the door without a decent meal.  It's 
been ages since I remember you eating anything cooked."

	"I wasn't going anywhere, Aunt May.  I just wanted to check the weather on 
morning news."

	"Well, before you do, could you be a dear and wake up Misao.  I don't know 
what to fix her; you know she being an oriental and all."

	"Sure, Aunt May."

	Peter crept into Pixy Misa's room and to her bed.  Pixy Misa had her head 
under the covers.  Peter gently gripped the top of the sheet.  Then he suddenly 
pulled the sheet off of her and screamed, "MISAO!!!  RISE AND SHIIINEE!!!  IT 
TIME FOR BREAKFAST!!!"

	Misa yelped out a shriek and set up in bed.  "What the h#@l do you think 
you're doing!"

	Peter innocently replied, "But Aunt May told me to get you up.  She wants 
to know what kind of food you eat for breakfast."

	"I can cook for myself, Pety."  Pixy Misa stumbled out the bed in much the 
same manner as Peter.  She turned to Peter and said, "Mind getting lost.  I need 
to change clothes, and no peeking.  I know you dateless geeks will get a look at 
any undressed girl when the opportunity comes."  Peter ignored that last 
statement and strolled out of the door.

	A few minutes later, Pixy Misa came into the kitchen.  She had on a light 
blue dress and white sandaled shoes.  Her hair was tied in a ponytail with a 
white braid decorated with pink and red hearts.  "You wanted to see me, Aunt 
May?"

	Aunt May had set on the table a carton of eggs, bacon, pancake mix, and a 
can of oven biscuits.  "I want to know what you want for breakfast."

	Pixy Misa pointed to the contents on the table.  "I'll have what you and 
Peter are eating."

	"Are you sure, Misao?  Don't you want some Chinese food?  You don't have 
to have what we're eating."

	Misa held her hand to her mouth trying not to laugh.  "I'm Japanese, Aunt 
May, and we eat a lot of American food."

	"Oh good."

	"Can I help you in the kitchen?  I like to cook."

	"You can cook, Misao?"

	Pixy Misa sighed.  "Yeah.  I've had a lot of practice."   Pixy Misa opened 
up the egg carton.  "How many eggs for you and Pety?"

	"About six for us both."  

	Pixy Misa cracked open three eggs for Aunt May who wanted her eggs 
scrambled.   She was stirring them in a bowl.  Meanwhile, Aunt May was putting 
two pans with bacon and biscuits inside the oven.  "Misao?"

	"Yes, Aunt May."

	"When, I asked you could you cook, you sounded a little depressed.  Why?"

	"It just that I had to learn how to cook for myself.  Mom and Dad are 
never at home, and I got tired of frozen dinners so I took some recipes from a 
cook book."

	Aunt May placed her hand on Misa's right shoulder and started massaging 
it.  "Maybe you should let me finish up breakfast."

	Pixy Misa turned her head and looked up at Aunt May.  "No, I'll be ok.  I 
want to help you to cook.  Besides, it I don't help you cook, I'll have to help 
Pety wash the dishes."

	"Lazy child," Aunt May chuckled,  "you have to clean up your messes in the 
kitchen so it can be ready to be used again."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	Peter was in the middle of washing the pancake batter off a bowl when he 
heard a beeping noise.  Peter checked the tracker.  Sure enough, it was.  A 
smile ran across his face.  He was too desperate to care where his salvation 
came from.  The stigmatism of being saved by a magical girl was out weighed by 
the safety of his aunt.  He took two deeps breaths to relax him.  Peter didn't 
want to give Pixy Misa any hints that there was something wrong, so he calmly 
walked up the stairs into his room where he put on his Spider-Man costume and 
put on his regular clothes over his superhero costume.  Peter decided to out the 
front door as to not raise suspicions.  His hand was on the doorknob when Pixy 
Misa called out to him.

	"Hey, Pety, where you're going?"  Pixy Misa and Aunt May were sitting on 
the couch with a big black hardcover book between them.

	"I got a page from Dr. Connors.  Jackie called in sick, and he needs 
someone to take her place.  You don't mind if I leave do you?"

	"Now wait a second, Peter," Pixy Misa replied, "I think I would like to 
come too.  You did promise to take me to see where you go to college."

	Peter cursed in his mind.  Misa isn't going to let him go unescorted.  If 
she comes with me and finds out that Dr. Connors didn't page me, I'm finish, 
Peter fretted.  

	"Now, Misao, Peter can take you to the college another time.  You should 
let him go on to work.  Besides, I just started showing you the pictures."  Pixy 
Misa looked at Peter who was acting antsy fidgeting with his hand around the 
doorknob and then back at Aunt May.  "Alright, Pety.  You can go on without me." 

	Peter ran out of the house and into an alley.  Peter looked around to make 
sure no one could see him.  He scaled the walls of the building and pulled off 
his street clothes and put them on the roof.  He looked at his tracking device 
that was pointing northwest.  Spider-Man shot a web and swung in that direction.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	Spider-Man was quietly sitting on the guide rails on the roof of the 
building where he put his clothes.  He pulled off his mask and stared at it.  
"Struck out this time, Spidey."  He wasn't able to find Pretty Samy.  As before, 
he lost the signal coming from the spider-tracer.  Peter walked to the spot 
where he placed his clothes but found that they was no longer there.  In their 
place was a note.

	The note read, "Funny thing happened today.  I called your school and 
asked for Dr. Connors.  The secretary for his department said he wasn't in that 
day.
											Signed,
								       		Pixy Misa 

	P.S.  If you want your clothes, you have to ask me."

	When Peter read the contents of the letter, he fell to his knees and hit 
the roof with his fist making a loud cracking nose and leaving a square dent in 
it.  Spider-Man put back on his mask and swung to a telephone booth.  He pulled 
back his mask enough to uncover his mouth and called to his house.

	"Hello," said Pixy Misa.

	"Tell me what you did with my clothes," demanded Peter.

	"Punishing you for sneaking off.  You know you're on a tight leash.  What 
were you trying to do anyway, tell Pretty Samy where I am?"

	Spider-Man had to come up with a good excuse or else Pixy Misa would rat 
him out.  Then, he remembered what he usually did as Spider-Man.  "I get a 
little cash for being Spider-Man."

	"You have to do better than that mon ami, I know you superhero types don't 
get paid for your work."

	"Check the 'Daily Bugle' for any article with Spider-Man in it, and you'll 
see my name as the photographer."

	"That doesn't sound too honest for a superhero too take photos of himself 
and make money from it."

	"Hey, I have to make a living somehow, Misa.  Now can I have back my 
clothes?"

	"I'll put them where I found it.  This is your last warning.  Next time, I 
give that old man at the 'Bugle' a call and tell him all those pictures you took 
were all self-portraits.  I'm sure he would happy to hear that."

	About an hour later, Pixy Misa went behind the dumpster with a pile of 
clothes for Peter.  Spider-Man changed back into his street clothes and became 
his true self.  Peter knocked on the door was greeted by Aunt May.

	"How nice that you got of work so early today," said Aunt May.

	"It was a slow day, so Doc Connors let everyone go," Peter explained.  Out 
of the corner of his eye, Peter caught a glimpse of Pixy Misa with that large 
black book again.  "What book is that, Aunt May?"

	"Why Peter, that's our family album.  I was showing it to Misao."

	"Yeah, Aunt May showing me all of her high school pictures when she and 
Uncle Ben was dating."

	It was bad enough that Pixy Misa's trying to butter up to Aunt May, Peter 
thought, but now she's got the nerve to mention Uncle Ben.  He was infuriated to 
see Aunt May gleefully pointing to each picture and explaining the circumstances 
that they were taken from while Misa's pretending to enjoy herself.  He stomped 
out of the room before he exploded and lost his temper in front of Aunt May.

	"Wait up, Petey."  Pixy Misa came from behind Peter and got in front him 
impeding his way.  "Why are you so ticked off?"

	"Maybe, it has something to do with 1). Leaving me stranded outside for an 
hour and 2).  Pretending to like Aunt May."

	"Well, well, well, aren't we the jealous type.  You can't stand to see 
someone else get Aunt May's attention.  That's it isn't it."

	"No, it's you taking advantage of Aunt May's feelings."

	"Sure, Petey.  Whatever you say."

End of Part 3

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Please send C and C to weaver_sas@yahoo.com or weaverta@email.uah.edu
