                           .....Before a Fall
                      a Pretty Samy/Spider-Man crossover

Pretty Samy, Sasami, Misao, Pixy Misa, etc. are copyrighted by
AIC/Pioneer.  Spider-Man, Carnage, Madem Webb, the Watcher,
Flash Thompson, etc are copyrighted by Marvel Comics.  Please
Marvel, AIC, and Pioneer do not sue me.  Fan of Pretty Samy and
Spider-Man, please forgive my first vain attempt at writing fan
fiction.

Part 1 No Need for an Arranged Encouter
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tokyo

"Sasami! Misao! I have a letter from Tenchi,"  yelled Chirio.  The two

girls wasted no time heeding their mother's call and ran through the
hall to the stairways.

Sasami ran over to Chirio and started grasping and jumping for the
letter her mother held in her hand.

"If you just wait a second Sasami I'll read it out loud for everyone,"
said Chirio.  Sasami stopped trying to take the letter from Chirio but
was too excited to "calm down" and was pacing around her mother.

Chirio took the letter from the envelop and began reading it out loud.
The letter was rather lenghty; seven pages and five pictures of famous
sites in New York City to be exact. The letter told about Tenchi's
classes at Empire State University, dorm life with his roommate Flash Thompson,
New York City and its scenery.  But what grabbed everyone's attention was
one sentence in particular.  It said, "An anomynous person mailed me four
round trip tickets from Tokyo to New York City and said for me in a
letter to give them to my family as a part of a cultural exchange program."

Chirio hastedly dug through the bag and found ,as the letter stated,
four round trip tickets. Sasami asked her mother if Misao could use one of
the extra tickets.  Chirio agreed to Sasami request if Misao's mother gave
her permission to come.  Misao walked over to the cordless phone dialing
her mother's beeper number.  In a few minutes, Kotoe Amano, Misao's mother,
called on the phone.  Misao handed the phone to Chirio.  Misao had a
worry look on face.  "Who am I fooling," she thought to herself, "Mrs. Kawaii
can't talk my mother into letting me go to America for the next two weeks."

Chirio saw the look on Misao's face and knew what she was thinking,
covered the transmitting end of the phone, and said to Misao,"We'll
just tell Kotoe that it will be educational." Chirio then answered
Kotoe on the phone.  "Hello. Ms. Amano-san, this is Mrs. Kawaii, and I am
calling to  ask.... I'm glad you said yes, but I didn't say what it was
I was asking for...... I want to know if Misao can go to with us to New
York City to see my son Tenchi at the college he's attending for two weeks.
Oh!  Did I mention it a part of a cultural exchange......Ok. Thank you,

Ms. Amano-san.  Bye, bye."  Chirio turned to Sasami, Ryo-ohki, and
Misao whom were attentively listening on the conversation, smiled, and
replied with a yes.  Sasami and Misao ran over to Chirio, embraced her and said
thanks in unison.

        At the same time, just a block away from the Kawaii's house, Ms.
Amano was standing idly by her car with the phone to her face.  She
stood there in a daze looking at a small, purple hawk ,who was in reality
Rumiya, Ramia's little brother in hark form, perched on top of her car.
The hark's eyes were glowing an eerie dark, red color.  "Please forgive
me Amano-san," begged Rumiya, "and don't worry about Misao, I'll watch out
for her."

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

New York City

        In an apartment, in an area of the city where abandoned buildings
occupied a third of the land and shootings were the norm and not the
exception, one of its residents began comtemplating how to address his
old grieviances; to punish the one responsible for ruining the one thing in
life he was good at: killing.  Kletus Cassidy a.k.a Carnage felt
restless in the "normal" life he was forced to live thanks to Spider-Man.  How
he longed to prey upon the sheep of this city.  But Carnage still
remembered the defeat he suffered from the wall-crawler.  Kletus Cassidy's
clothes, a fast food restrauant uniform, turned red and numerous small, red
tenacles extended from his wardrobe.  The anger Carnage felt was
intense enough for the symbiote, Kassidy's living costume, to partially
transform from its usual form, Kassidy's clothes, to its real form of a red,
leather-like skin that completely covers Kassidy's body.  Calm down, he
thought to himself, bottle up the rage, and save it ......
        Carnage stopped suddenly in midthought when a portal opened in the
middle of his apartment.   Though the portal, he could see a lavishly
decorated room.  And standing next to a desk in the room
was a woman.  She had long red hair and wore a white full-lengthed
dress with blue sleeves.  Carnage smiled with a devilish grin.  "Let me
guess, there's a victim delivery service just starting in town, and
they're giving out free samples."  The symbiote took its true formed
and wrapped itself around its host.  Several tentacles formed from Carnage
and extended to the woman.  However, the woman looked on smiling and began
reciting a phrase in a foreign language, and a deafing noise like that
of a siren alarm surrounded the room with no definitive source.  Carnage
wrapped his hands around his torso and dropped to the floor screaming
in agony.  The alien costume unraveled itself from around Cassidy's face
and limbs, and the symbiote's tenacles began swirming around. His mind
flashed back to the time when Spider-Man used an ultrasonic noise generator to
exploit his weakness to sonics.  And as abbrumptly as it began, the
noise suddenly stopped.  The woman came through the portal with a haughty and
smug look upon her face.  She strolled nonchaulantly toward the serial
killer still on the floor recovering from his ordeal.  The woman stood
over Carnage, bent down, and introduced herself.
        "My name is Ramia," said the woman, "and I could be your enemy or
your ally. It all depends on how well you cooperate."

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Empire State University

        Sasami ran down the hall of the dormatory to the room her brother
was occupying.  She stopped at the door, calmed herself down, and
gently knocked on the door.  Sasami smiled upon hearing footsteps coming
towards the door.  Sasami had a surprised look on her face when the man
answering the door was not her brother but a tall, heavy-built man with curly 
red hair wearing a sports jacket.
        "Hey kid!  This is a college dorm, not kindergarden," said the man
in an annoyed voiced.
        "I'm just here to see my brother Tenchi.  Is he here?" asked
Sasami in perfect English taught to her by her father, Ginji, a former
NASA pilot.
        The man turned around and yelled out.  "Hey, Kawaii!  Your kid
sister here to see you."
        "Tenchi!!!!"  Sasami ran pass the American to her brother and
hugged him as he stooped down and embraced her as well.
        "Hey Kawaii.  I don't let children in MY dorm."  He would not
tolerate any snot-nosed brat in his room even if they were from his
roommate's family.
        "Flash, it not going to hurt to have her come in our dorm,"
replied Tenchi defensively.
        "What do you mean OUR dorm?  This was mine before you came."
Flash stepped in front Tenchi, whom was a head shorter than Flash, and
poked his finger in Tenchi's chest.
        "Well, I paid for the room too," cried Tenchi.  Flash lowered his
head and began staring down at Tenchi.  Tenchi stepped two steps back.
"And I've been here since last semester."  Flash walked up to Tenchi
and got into his face again.
        "Tenchi."   A voice called from the hallway.  It was Chirio.  She
was accompanied by Ryo-okhi, Misao, and Ms. Amano.
        "Tenchi, Mom and I are staying in a motel a block from the
school?  How about staying with us?" asked Sasami in Japanese.
        Tenchi looked at Sasami and then at Flash and replied in Japanese
,likewise, "Sure, I will. I'll start packing."  Tenchi hastened to a bunk bed, 
yanked his suitcase out from underneath it, and threw his clothes
in it.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Manhatten


        It was the usual night for Peter Parker.  After homework, Peter
would go on his nightly patrol as Spider-Man surveying the city as he
swung from the webbing he would shoot to the heights of Manhattan's
skyscrapers.
        Spider-Man heard screams coming from the roof a nearby building.
He changed course and shot a web line in the direction of the screams.
It was a security guard, in his sixties, at least, and armed with only
a nightstick that was more for show than for a weapon.  There was
another figure on the roof. In front of the sercurity guard was a wiener dog;
a nine-foot long wiener dog that was three feet high on all fours.
Spider-Man swunged by and caught the elderly security guard and set him
on the roof of an adjacent building.  And then Spider-Man ,holding on to
his webbing, launched himself off the wall of the building he put the
security guard and and dropped kicked his opponent.
        Opponent.  What a joke!  He thought to himself.  The giant wiener
dog had large, saucer-shaped eyes and a goofy looking smile.  It looked
like it came right out of an old Disney short.
        Spider-Man whistled at the dog.  "Your mother didn't by any chance
had your litter anywhere near Three Mile Island did she."  Spider-Man
was about crack another joke when the creature charged at him at lightning
speed and caught Spider-Man by surprise.  Despite its short legs, the
wiener dog leaped to the height on its opponents' head and almost
biting it off if the Web Slinger didn't put his arms in between its jaws.
Both of them fell to the ground.  The wiener dog was standing over
Spider-Man still attempting to bite Spider-Man who was holding his jaws
open. For the next fifteen minutes, the two were locked in that
position.  Parker's arms were sore from holding the creature's mouth for so 
long, and blood was running down his forearms from the bite wounds on his arms
and hands.  His hands were trembling and started to bend and give way to
the steel-trap-like jaws.  In desperation, Peter buried his right foot down
the LoveLove Monster's throat.  It widened its mouth gagging on the
obstruction in its throat.  It let off of its grip long enough for
Spider-Man to roll backwards on the ground.  The LoveLove Monster
charged at Spider-Man again, but this time the superhero was not off-guard.  He
webbed the forelegs of the creature together causing it to trip and
cocooned the LoveLove Monster in webbing.
        Exhausted from his ordeal, Spider-Man leaned on a ventalation
port.  No sooner he sat down his spider-sense was triggered.  He
hastely looked first at his incompassitated opponent to see if he got loose
from the webbing, but it was still held secure in its restraits.  "What
could of set off my spider-sense," he thought.  "There nothing here ----
except that girl on the balcony of that apart----."  Spider-Man was knocked
halfway across the roof by what felt like the impact of a sledge hammer
hitting him in the left side knocking him on the ground. "What just hit
me?" asked Spider-Man.  "Let's just see who tried to hand me my a--".
Spider-Man looked in utter shock as the girl on the balcony was
floating towards him hanging on to what appeared to be an exotic Oriental fan.
She landed ten feet away from him.  She was around ten years old and had
blond hair and gold eyes.  She sported a leather blouse and mini-skirt,
knee-high high heel boots and gloves that were also made of leather.
        She looked up at Spider-Man with a condescending glare as if he was
underneath her and wasn't deserving of her attention and concerns.
Well, Peter Parker wasn't let some under-dressed preschooler know he got the
best of him.  " If this about the money I owe the girl scouts for
cookies for their gold diggers merit badges which you obviously won,
I've already paided up."
      With an angry look on her face, the girl pointed the fan at
Spider-Man.  "For that insult alone, I would squash you like the spider
you claim kinship to "mon ami", threatened the girl, "but because you
kept me from my target, Pretty Samy, I will take my sweet time with you
and let you die a slow, agonizing death."
      Spider-Man raised both arms pointing at her, shot out webbing, and
entangling her in it, but before he had the chance to say anything, she
faded away and webbing fell to the floor.  Spider-Man's spider-sense
went off again.  The girl was behind him.  Instinctedly, Spider-Man shot a
pair of web lines at her again, but this time, she held her fan up, which
turned into an ivory-colored baton ,twirled it around, and said, "Magic
wind," and a small tornado came from the baton blowing the webbing back
into Spider-Man. Spider-Man was tangled in his own web.  "Good work
Peter, shoot a web at someone you know that can teleport at will and let'em
Get you caught in your own webbing," thought Spider-Man to himself.
      "Is the best the great Spider-Man can do.  I'm, barely keeping
myself await," taunted the girl.  Spider-Man's anger turned from his
own careless mistakes to his opponent.  He struggled, trying to break free.
As he struggled, the girl was on the ground laughing at the sight of
her captive wiggling like a worm on a hook.  After a minute, she forced
herself to stop laughing and put a serious look on her face.  "It only
fair to let you know who is going to end your life.  The name's Pixy
Misa."  Pixy Misa put her hands together, and a small, green-glowing
orb formed between her index fingers and thumbs.  She yelled out, "Magical
Beam," and the orb was coming toward Spider-Man growing in size and
brightness.
      Suddenly a voice rang out from behind Peter Parker.  "Pretty Home
Run,"  and another girl jumped between Spider-Man and the orb hitting
it with a pallet that had a heart on the end  The newcomer to the battle,
Sasami Kawaii or Pretty Samy, donned an even more outragous wardrobe:
Pink blouse, green sleaves, and a white minishirk.  But what got
Spider-Man attention was the hair.  It was blue and fastened into pony
tails that almost touched the ground.
        The orb went racing toward Pixy Misa and exploded on impact.
Pixy Misa was tossed in the air. Defying the laws of physics, she came
to a complete stop and teleported back on the roof.  She faired quite well
for someone who throwned half a block in an explosion, only some minor
scratches and a slight ringing in her ears.  "You took long enough to
get here Samy," said Pixy Misa.  "Now I going to finish our rivalry once
and for....."  She stopped to listen to the sound of a dozen footstep
coming up the stairs.  It was the NYPD.  The fight was too intense not to be
noticed by the residents in the area who have informed the police of
the battle taking place above them.  "How to do I face Ramia with another
defeat, especially with him around?"  Pixy Misa nodded her head, closed
her eyes, and faded away.
      Pretty Samy wasn't planning to stay around all of this to
the police, either.  She yelled out, "Pretty Wings", and flew off.  But
not before she grabbed  Spider-Man by the web cocoon in which he was
encased in.


        Pretty Samy and Spider-Man and landed in the park.  There Pretty
Samy tried freeing Parker from the webbing but was cursed at by
Spider-Man.
      "Who do think you are putting your nose where it doesn't belong?"
cursed Spider-Man.
      "But I was only trying to help."  Sasami had a look of innocents
in her pink eyes and in her voice unable to comprehend the reason for
his anger.
        "You can help by staying out of my way you little brat."
Spider-Man broke free from the web cocoon.  Spider-Man's webs only last
an hour before they disintergrate, and he had enough time for the webbing
to weaken.  He threw an angry glare at Sasami and limped toward the
highrises in order to swing home.  As for Sasami, she just simply stood
there in shock.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Nexus of All Realities

        Madem Webb looked on in concern upon the realm of Earth.  The
plans of her and her cohort, the Watcher, depended on the cooperation
of both Pretty Samy and Spider-Man.  Oh to lay such burdens on someone so
young as Pretty Samy and someone as buffoonish and self-centered as
Spider-Man was being more than even she could take.  No, she said to
herself, Spider-Man will come through.  He always has.  This is but "a
kick in the butt", a lesson in the journey called the life of Peter
Parker.  And Sasami, she'll eventually forgive Spider-Man's outburst.
Madem Webb then saw Peter Parker as Spider-Man kicking over a newspaper
stand and sending it flying across the sidewalk almost hitting an early
morning jogger.  It was 5 A.M. and the early editions was just coming
out.  Inside the busted stand was the front page headlines which read,
"SPIDER-MAN DEFEATED BY 10 YEAR OLD, RESCUED BY 10 YEAR OLD: IS
SPIDER-MAN WASHED UP?"  It had a photo of Pixy Misa standing over Spider-Man while tangled up in his own webbing.  If she had a physical form Madem Webb
would be slumped over, and her head would be hanging down by now. "All
is loss," she thought.
                                                            END OF PART 1

Send all complements, critisms, and suggustions to weaverta@email.uah.edu.
Especially, information and corrections about both series so I can have
a more accruate story.
