PM Productions Presents
A Phillip Masters Fanfic
Feelings Are Blind
Part Two:  A Fickle Mistress

	Tenchi walked home slowly.  The evening air was crisp and cool, and filled
with 
the odors of spring.  As he strolled along past people who seemed so intent on
their 
destinations he thought of why he came to Nerima in the first place.  He
needed to get 
away from it all, away from the constant stress and tension of the temple.  It
was an 
incredible irony that the big city had a more relaxed environment than an
ancient temple 
buried deep in the woods.  A hideous irony, and an unfortunate one.  He could
still recall 
the days when everything was carefree and pure.  Nothing could disturb the
calm and 
pleasant feeling the shrine grounds gave him.  Especially the cave; the cave
that years 
later he would find to be occupied by a pirate from outer space.  
	However, regardless of her sorted history, Tenchi was undyingly grateful to
her 
for watching over him.  He could always feel her presence at the cave, even
though he 
could not know what it was there that comforted him.  Then, when he had
released her, 
and she had stopped attempting to kill him, he found the friend he had always
truly 
wanted.  A companion who was wild, unlike him, and knew how to have fun.  What
he 
didn’t expect was for that friend to fall in love with him.  As well, he
didn’t expect her to 
be beautiful and so easy to fall in love with.  Had it only been him and
Ryouko he most 
likely would have married her by now.  Thing was, it was not just him and her
by any 
stretch of the imagination.
	No, there were others.  They came like a storm after the first few raindrops.
Pouring in from all corners of the galaxy, focused on this one point for
various reasons.  
Ayeka had her vendetta against Ryouko, and was searching for her half-brother
Yoshou.  
Sasami, Ayeka’s younger sister was simply along for the ride.  Their fates all
brought 
them here... Ayeka found Tenchi’s grandfather to be her dear Yoshou... Sasami
turned 
out to be one with the greatest of battleships, Tsunami, and helped save both
the Earth 
and Tenchi’s life.  This was only the surface scrapings of the whole mess.
	Next came Mihoshi, the ditsy blond Galaxy Police officer who, quite literally
fell 
from the sky one day.  Tenchi sometimes wondered how such an incomparably
idiotic 
person could become a detective in an organization that guards the entire
galaxy.  He 
didn’t know whether to be happy for her, or fearful for everyone in the
galaxy.  The only 
thing that kept him from packing up and leaving was the fact that she was
phenomenally 
lucky and always seemed to come out on top in the end.  She seemed enamored
with him, 
but he didn’t really feel anything for her, beyond friendship, in return.
	The last addition to the Masaki home was Ryouko’s mother, Washu.  She was the
self-proclaimed ‘greatest scientist in the universe.’  Thing was, she was
believably so.  
Tenchi had never met anyone with even a fraction of her knowledge and
intelligence.  
She seemed to be so smart as to be on another level than everyone else.  The
good news 
was, she came in handy in a tough situation.  The bad news was, she fell in
love with him 
too.  Tenchi didn’t know what it was about him that aliens seemed to go for,
because it 
sure didn’t extend into the Earthly realm, much to his constant chagrin.  He
always had a 
problem getting a girlfriend, mostly because of his upbringing, so isolated
and 
mysterious.  His girl skills lacked something major.  Now, he had too many of
them.
	It must be the Universe’s final grand jest on his part to make him fall in
love with 
someone who isn’t even a girl.  Well, not all the time anyway, and certainly
not in mind, 
which was the important part.  Ranma came out of nowhere to steal his heart.
He had 
almost the exact same problems he did, and understood them completely.  He was
also 
the most gorgeous person Tenchi had ever laid eyes upon.  As a female, he was
perfect, 
from the lonely sparkle in her beautiful blue eyes, to the supple curve of her
breast.  It 
was hard to use the proper nouns when dealing with someone so obviously
female.  
When Ranma didn’t talk, it was impossible at that moment to tell him from any
other girl 
who seemed like she needed someone more than anything else.  
	He knew they were right for each other.  They were both brought up to be 
fighters.  They both had the world's worst woman problems.  They both
connected on a 
level that surpassed gender, and possibly even humanity.  He knew they should
be 
together.  Now, he just needed to figure out how to prove that to Ranma.

 _-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_

	Ranma leapt into his room.  He felt his hand still shaking due to his recent
ordeal.  
He also felt an inescapable need for hot water.  The hotter, the better.  The
martial artist 
left his room stealthily, not wanting to talk to anyone at that moment.  He
crept to the 
bathroom and turned the knob on the sink slowly to make the least possible
noise.  The 
small trickle of water took longer to get warm than a strong blast, but it did
eventually.  
He carefully splashed himself, feeling the instantaneous change occur,
accompanied by a 
loosening and a release.  He sighed and leaned against the wall.
	He touched his lips again.  Even after changing he could still feel the touch
of 
Tenchi on him.  He leaned forward and looked into the mirror.  A guy stared
back... a 
guy who was blushing.  Ranma’s eyes widened in shock and he felt his face to
make sure 
it wasn’t some sort of trick.  The overly warm flesh he felt there gave him
chills.  He 
couldn’t believe what was happening to him.  How, in one hour, he could
actually 
become enamored with someone, and that that someone was a man.  
	He began to think up reasons for his new ailment.  Perhaps someone had fed
him 
something, a love potion, or a passion spice of some sort.  Maybe he had
gotten hit on the 
head too hard by Akane.  Any of this stuff was highly likely in his life, and
he knew it 
very well.  It was that life he wanted to escape from so much.  It was that
life that made 
him fall for Tenchi.  
	Ranma slid down the wall completely and wrapped his arms around his legs.  No
matter what the cause, no matter what anyone had done to him, Dr. Tofu could
fix it.  He 
could fix anything.  He’d have to go see Dr. Tofu.  He stared at the wall
opposite himself 
for a moment, trying to pull himself together.  He inhaled deeply and rose
from the floor.  
With a final glance into the mirror to reassert reality, he ran from the
bathroom and 
headed for his room.  Once there he jumped from his window and hopped with all
due 
haste straight to Tofu’s office.  He found Kasumi just walking into it.  He
skid to a halt 
right outside the office door, looking at it like someone standing before the
very gates to 
Hell.  He knew what was beyond the door, and he knew the pain he would be
promised if 
he crossed the threshold.  
	Ranma may have received injury every day since his arrival in Nerima, but it 
didn’t mean he liked pain.  He backed away from the clinic turned nut barn
with a wary 
look in his eyes.  Nothing exploded in his face by the time he got to the
street, so he 
figured everything was okay.  Of course, this is the moment a car dove by and
splashed 
him with water from the roadside.  For the briefest of seconds he entertained
the thought 
of seeing what the Mokou Takabisha could do to a vehicle.  Unfortunately, or
fortunately 
according to who you were, he didn’t have much confidence at that moment.  Wet
and 
dejected, he headed down the street in a random direction.

_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_

	Tenchi noticed he had gotten himself lost.  His musings had taken his mind
from 
the unfamiliar path to his apartment, and he soon found himself wandering the
back 
alleys of an entirely unknown part of town.  He cursed softly as he turned a
corner only to 
find a solid wall.
	"You lost, buddy?"
	Tenchi turned to find five guys standing behind him.  They were dressed in 
typical gang uniform consisting of blue jeans and black leather jackets.  He
figured they 
meant him harm, but he would give them the benefit of the doubt for now.
"Yeah, could 
you help me get to Tokashi Street?" he asked in his most innocent tone, which
made him 
sound almost as bad as a tourist.  Of course, that was not the actual road he
lived on, but 
one nearby.  
	"Sure we can, but how much is it worth to ya?"  One of the punks replied, 
seemingly the leader.
 	Tenchi could have guessed he would say that.  "Aren’t you going to do it out
of 
the generosity of your heart?"
	The gang almost instantly burst into laughter.  After a minute they all
finally 
regained control of themselves.  Tenchi simply stood, watching them with a
bored 
expression.  The leader grinned after he calmed down.  "You don’t get out much
do 
you?"  His face darkened slightly, "Okay, we’ll get right down to it.  We just
want your 
money, and then we’ll even tell you how to get where you’re going, and you can
go 
safely.  Refuse, and you may not make it home at all."
	Tenchi raised an eyebrow.  "Threatening me with death?  That seems a bit
harsh, 
doesn’t it?"
	The shorter guy to the right of the leader spoke up, "Don’t give us any
bullshit!  
You are going to give us what we want."
	The last line was said so matter-of-fact that Tenchi couldn’t help but smile
and 
say, "You want an ass whoopin’?  Because that is what I’m going to give you."
With 
that, he lashed out and punched the leader right in the gut.  The thug’s
stomached caved 
under the force with little resistance.  His eyes widened and he fell to the
ground 
clutching his wounded abdomen while gasping for air.  He pulled back his fist
and looked 
around nonchalantly at the rest of the group.
	They all looked down at their leader for a moment, as if unsure what had just
happened.  Then, they all looked up at Tenchi in disbelief.  After another
second, as 
Tenchi was just about to walk off, they all reached into various pockets and
procured a 
multitude of weapons.  Everything from a butterfly knife to numchucks.  Tenchi
sighed 
and moved into a defensive position.  "So," he said, "you’re going to continue
to be a 
nuisance are you?"
	They all answered with a battle cry that echoed throughout the alley and
charged 
him simultaneously.  He found himself in a flurry of blades and blunt objects.
He 
deflected blow after blow, keeping a step ahead of his attackers.  If he had
Tenchi-ken the 
fight would have been over by then, but he had left it at home in his room.
There was no 
way these simple hooligans could activate the Light Hawk Wings, so Tenchi had
little 
fear of killing the men.  Two of the gang dropped to join their leader.  The
remaining two 
backed away for a moment to assess their situation.  By the looks on their
faces they 
didn’t like it one bit.  
	Tenchi pressed his advantage and stepped menacingly toward the rest of the
gang.  
They flinched backward, seemingly unable to help themselves.  Then, Tenchi
felt a 
presence to his left and he flipped around with his arms in a defensive
posture.  He almost 
fell over when he came almost face to face with Ranma... Ranma, as a girl.
	Of course, the rest of the gang had to comment.  Tenchi closed his eyes and 
breathed a sigh as shouts of, "Whoo-hoo!" and, "Hey, babe!" came from behind
him.  His 
eyes opened and he spun around in a vicious roundhouse.  It connected with
both 
remaining attackers, laying them out cold.  He came to a stop at his original
starting 
point, looking at Ranma.  "Hey, Ranma." he greeted as though they were meeting
under 
everyday circumstances.
	Ranma’s gaze told volumes, and was very serious.  "Tenchi, we need to talk."
	Tenchi nodded affirmation and followed Ranma around a few more corners, to 
get away from the recently recycled street trash.  They finally came to a halt
in a darker 
alley deep within the backstreets of Nerima.  They had a more likely chance of
running 
into more of the darker element of the town, but they both knew they could
handle 
whatever came up.  Even if someone had a gun, Ranma may not have been
bulletproof, 
but Tenchi was effectively so.  They sat down on some old boxes, facing one
another.
	Ranma took in a few short breaths, as if preparing himself.  
Tenchi was simply rather curious as to what Ranma was going to say.
"Tenchi," he sighed, "ever since that time in the bar earlier today I have not
been 
able to get  you out of my head."
Tenchi was instantly elated.  He would have bet everything he had that there
was 
no chance of him being able to win Ranma.  He was a guy after all... "But,
Ranma... 
aren’t you a man?"
Ranma winced, then he looked into Tenchi’s eyes.  He right, Ranma thought, I
am 
a man... but...  He closed his own eyes and sighed.  "I was born a man, that’s
true.  I 
came upon this curse, and that’s exactly what it was, a curse.  I hated it
with all my being.  
It effected me in more ways than I care to admit.  I’ve never told anyone this
before, but 
when I am in my female form, I have more... female thoughts.  Dr. Tofu said I
may 
experience problems due to the feminine hormones I would be producing, but I
never 
thought it would be this serious.  I never thought it would actually
jeopardize my 
manhood entirely."  His lids parted and he stared at Tenchi again, "I like
you, as a friend.  
However, my body is telling me something different.  I can’t help but feel...
something 
more for you."  
Tenchi just sort of sat there for a moment, digesting what had just been said.
"This makes you uncomfortable, doesn’t it?"
Ranma nodded, "Hell, I never used to be able to open up like this before."  He
took on a frightened look for a moment, "I’m changing... inside.  I can feel
it."
"It worries you?"
            Ranma smirked, "It scares the shit out of me!"  His face became a
little more 
somber and whispered, "I’m not used to being this helpless."
Tenchi felt such a need to hug Ranma that he almost burst.  However, he knew 
even touching him at that moment could have caused him to leave.  Tenchi found
he 
really didn’t want Ranma to leave, ever.  "Ranma, you are still who you are,
even if your 
gender changes.  The line between man and woman is purely physical.  Any other
differences can be chalked up to chemical and hormonal differences.  You will
still be 
Ranma, and you will still be a fighter, you will just consider yourself
female."
Ranma laughed, "For the past seventeen years I’ve been told that being a man
is a 
unique honor.  That it should be all that is important to me... that if I
didn’t become that 
rarest of specimens I would be killed.  Was it all a lie?  Truly?"
Tenchi nodded slowly, "I’m afraid so, Ranma.  I can understand the feelings of
your family, and can see where they are coming from.  However, it is an age
long past 
now, and we can’t get stuck in it.  In the civilized world there are no
borders or 
boundaries.  Do what you want, as long as it doesn’t hurt anyone else."
Ranma looked thoughtful, "If I became a full woman, plenty of people would be,
and could be hurt."
"It’s possible, but I’m sure they would get over it.  They should be able to 
understand, and if not, they are not worthy of being your friends.  You’ve got
to think 
about yourself for a change, Ranma!"
	Ranma looked up at Tenchi, "Do you love me?"
	Tenchi was taken aback.  He tried to figure out what possessed Ranma to ask
that 
question at a time like this.  He couldn’t work it out, so he just replied,
"Huh?"
	Ranma brow furrowed and he leaned forward, almost to the point of entering 
Tenchi’s lap.  He articulated his words very carefully, "Do You Love Me?"
	Tenchi looked at the serious blue eyes before him, deep inside them he could
see 
a need.  Unfortunately, he couldn’t place what the need was for.  He figured
he couldn’t 
lie to her though, "Yes, yes I do."
	"How?  How can you love me after only meeting me once?"
	He shrugged, "Who knows?  I’ve spent the last two years trying to figure out
what 
love is, and I’ve come no closer to a definitive answer.  All I know is, in my
heart I care 
for you, I’ve never met anyone like you and most likely never will again.  Let
it be 
known that I will not give up on you.  You may be a man, but I still love
you."
	Ranma blinked, then he frowned, "Could you love me as a man?  I mean, if I 
stayed a man?"
	Tenchi’s brow furrowed in thought.  He grinned, "Wanna find out?"
	Ranma smacked Tenchi in the head, "Ecchi!"
	He threw his hands up in defense, "Hey!  You suggested it!"
	They both laughed together, two friends who had more in common than either 
cared to admit.  Two friends who had more feeling for one another than Ranma
cared to 
admit.  He stopped laughing suddenly and watched Tenchi.  He was still
snickering, his 
eyes closed and his face turning a light shade of red.  Then, Ranma looked out
into the 
alley, and unusual place for a date.  He shook his head trying to remove that
thought from 
it, but failed.  He couldn’t fool himself anymore, after turning into a girl
for over a year 
he just could not deny the fact that it effected him.  His mind was being
altered, changed 
by the chemical imbalances between his girl side and his boy side.  It was an
internal 
struggle for power that would most likely make a man of lesser will go insane.
He 
sighed, getting Tenchi’s attention once more.
	"Ranma," Tenchi said seriously, "I am not going to force myself upon you.  I 
would never do anything to hurt  you.  I want you to be happy, that’s all.  No
matter what 
it takes.  Take all the time you need to think about what’s happened today.
If you do 
decide you can love me in return, come to me.  If not, then I won’t search you
out."  He 
reached into his pocket and pulled out a piece of paper, then handed it to
Ranma.  "My 
address," he stated simply, then rose to leave.
	Ranma felt like saying something, felt he should.  He figured he had an
obligation 
to tell Tenchi what he felt as soon as possible.  He couldn’t decide in his
own mind 
whether he loved the kind young man or not, but he knew he didn’t want him to
be hurt at 
all.  His mouth opened to say something, then shut almost as fast.  He
couldn’t think of 
anything to say, or wouldn’t.  It still scared him the way he was changing,
opening up 
where he never would have before, having feelings in a way he never could have
thought 
possible before.  He was raised to be a ‘man-among-men,’ and it seemed he was
going to 
fail after all.  Regardless of his feelings for Tenchi, he would never be the
same.  Perhaps 
his mother would slay him, make him take his own life with the blade.  The
cold steel 
would free him of his dishonor, wouldn’t it?  He shook his head.  No, killing
oneself is 
never an answer, it was a barbaric ritual from long ago.  It’s too akin to
running away.  
He would never run away, because then he would become his father.  The last
thing he 
wanted to become was his father, the cause of his troubles.  The reason for
his curse.  As 
he watched Tenchi turn the corner at the end of the alley he wondered if that
was such a 
crime.
END PART TWO
This is shaping up I suppose.  Never thought I would be doing a ‘Ranma-meets-
boy’ type 
fic, but it seems it’s happened.  Of course, I am extremely curious as to what
everyone 
thinks of this story, and would highly appreciate comments and the like.  Some
of you 
may be asking, "Why Tenchi?"  Well, I reply, "Why not?  He gets the adoration
of every 
other woman he meets, he’s just a nice guy."  Anyway, send everything here and
I will 
assess whether or not I should finish this or not.
Thanks for reading,
PMasters (3-25-98) PhilMasters@webtv.net           	
	
