               Blood Red Moon Prologue: Moon Rise

     This is a crossover fanfic including the characters from
Tenchi Muyo, and CastleVania, more specifically, the newest version
out for the N64. All characters belong to their respective
copyrights, and I take no credit for them beyond their usage in
this story.  Comments, quips, insults, flames, and death threats
can be sent to Platinum_Dragon@usinternet.com
     This is based on the OVA characters in the Tenchiverse
- but don't be surprised if you hear one or two TV references.
The original concept came when I noticed that Carrie Fernandez
sort of resembles Ryoko in powers and looks, save that Carrie is
only twelve.  This is my first crossover, so give me a little
slack.

*****

     High on a tower, standing tall in the night under a full,
blood red moon, there rose a wind.  The wind swept down, around
the tower, and into an ancient, dark castle.  Along its corridors
it blew, through long abandoned halls and dark passages stale with
age.  It reached a long unused drawbridge, and gusted out, the
scent of the long forgotten castle strong on its breath.
     Through a forest nearly as old as the castle it blew, gusting
through trees that had stood watch over the land for centuries.
No animals played here, no human sanely stepped inside its limits.
Trunks twisted and knarled as if some giant hand had reached down
and molded them offered no cozy spots, no peaceful places.  A
strong sense of being watched permeated the forest, and then wind,
as if feeling that eyeless gaze, hurried on its way.
     Across the land it flew, until, far away from where it had
been born, it reached a hill top just as two figures crested it.
One was tall, a blond haired and roughly handsome man, dressed
in a thick, fur lined coat, with a woolen shirt underneath,
and sturdy pants of the same material.  At his right side there
hung a long leather whip, bearing a sense of great age and great
power; at his left, a short sword forged of silver that had been
blessed by the great priests of the land.  Around his neck hung a
scarlet scarf, a gift from the woman that he loved.
     Standing next to him was a young girl, who at first glance
didn't even appear to be old enough to be away from home alone.
But a closer look revealed that she seemed older than her years,
and knowledge of things that no mortal should have to have.  Her
extremely pale skin, golden eyes, and cyan colored hair gleamed
a little in the light of that bloody red moon.  A gray and blue
dress rustled a little as the wind gusted past them.  She shivered,
though not from any chill that the wind brought with it, but from
the stale, evil scent that it still carried from the castle.
     Reinhart Schnider, twenty four year old vampire hunter, looked
at his companion, Carrie Fernandez.  The young girl, the only
survivor of her family after they were attacked by werewolves
six years before, had a firm set to her jaw.  For one so young,
she was an extremely powerful mage, and though she was only twelve
years of age, was more mature than many adults he had met in his
life.  For his task, Reinhart could think of nobody he'd rather
have at his side.  As he reached up and touched the scarf lightly,
thinking of what he had lost, a long, deep tolling rolled across
the land.
     They looked in the direction the wind had come from, to where
the very top of a tower could be seen below the moon.  That was
their destination, the evil Castlevania.  Only days before, it had
risen from the sea once more, which could only mean that its foul
master, Count Vlad Tepes Dracula would soon awaken.  When the moon
next rose full, and shone into that very tower, the Master of Evil
would awaken.  They began to pick their way down the hill, towards
a nearby village.
     Dracula's foul touch could already be seen in the land, as
werewolves and vampires began to become more bold.  That was why
they hurried this night, to reach that village, for they did not
want to tempt Death just yet.  Soon, they had reached the village,
surrounded by its high wall.  A light shown through a window high
up on the walls, next to the gate.
     "Hello!  We ask admittance to the village and protection
from the evils of the night!" called Reinhart.  After a moment,
a man poked his head out the window.
     "State your names, and why you are here so late!"
     "I am Reinhart, and she is Carrie.  We would have been here
sooner, but were attacked by a group of werewolves on our way."
The gate master glared at them.
     "What proof can you offer that you are not merely vampires
or werewolves in disguise, waiting to be invited in?"  Reinhart
frowned.
     "None but our own assurances that we merely wish the safety
of a village to spend our night in."  The gate master looked at
them a few moments more, and then disappeared from the window.
The huge gate slowly opened, and they entered the town.  The gate
master met them near the base of the wall.
     "Can you tell us of a decent inn that would take in travelers
at this late hour?"  The man squinted at them, and then nodded.
     "Go straight up this road.  The Morning's Light is the only
inn left open at this hour."  Reinhart thanked the man, and then
they walked into the town.  The streets were empty.  Not even a
stray dog howled at that baleful moon.  Men huddled inside their
homes at night, hoping that the village walls or the locks on their
doors would be enough to keep werewolves or worse out.  But in many
villages, indeed, in many large cities, vampires and wolf-men
walked the streets at night.
     Sure enough, only a little down the street they found a
building with lights streaming through its windows.  Above the
door, their hung a sign of the sun coming up over the horizon.
Reinhart pushed the door open, and they went in.  A couple of
people were still in the common room, and the innkeeper, a short,
portly man with a white apron and a somewhat grimy towel over his
shoulder turned to them.  In a soft tenor, he spoke.
     "Welcome to the Morning's Light.  May I help you?"  They
bartered, and got two rooms, and a couple plates of thick, steaming
stew.  After eating in relative silence, they both retired to their
room.  Reinhart tossed his pack on a chair, and shrugged out of his
coat.  He winced as he saw the large blood stain on the side of his
shirt; hours before, his entire side had been lain open by a
werewolf's claws.  It was thanks to Carrie that he was still alive.
     Sighing, he pulled the shirt over his head, and tossed it into
the fireplace, where it smoldered a minute and then burst into
flame, belching a little black smoke into the smoke stack.  He had
not been infected by Lycanthropy, but it was better to be safe than
sorry.  Digging through his pack produced only two more shirts.
One was tattered nearly to rags; he saved that to use when cleaning
his sword.  The other was decently serviceable, and he lay it over
the chair.
     Laying down on the bed, he set the whip on the counter next
to him. He had no worries that it might be stolen.  The holy whip
of the Belmonts could not be touched by evil.  He made a mental
note to buy some more clothes the next day before they left town,
and then the darkness of sleep stole over him quietly.

*****

     Reinhart grinned as he entered the bustling town square.
A whole week off training, while Aarin, his teacher, took some of
the older students on a training mission to kill a vampire that had
been appearing north of the village recently.  And what perfect
timing, for today was the birthday of one of the greatest heroes
of Romania, Simon Belmont.
     Not once, but four times had he battled Dracula, and forced
him back into his hundred year slumber.  All ready, the square
bustled with activity, people rushing back and forth on errands
to get things ready. Delicious smells of roast pig and lamb wafted
through the air on a light spring breeze, tantalizing hints of what
would come that evening.
     Reinhart picked his way through the throng, looking for
something to wear to the dance.  As a student at the vampire
hunter's training school, most of his clothing was made for
functionality rather than formality, and he was there to pick up
something to wear to that night's festivities.
     As he straightened from one stand, he accidentally backed
into a young lady whose arms were loaded with packages.  With a
startled gasp, she stumbled backwards, the packages flying in all
directions.  Her foot caught on a partly overturned stone, and she
began to fall.
     Before she came close to reaching the ground, though, Reinhart
had caught her, reflexes tuned to dodging attacks from creatures
that could move faster than the eye automatically setting him into
motion. Standing her back on her feet, he got his first good look
at her.  She wore a simple red dress, with just a tiny bit of lace
at the ends of the sleeves and around her neck.  Her skin was a
slightly tan colored alabaster, though it was now red with
embarrassment.  She had a rosebud of a mouth, a pert, slightly
upturned nose, and deep blue eyes.  A thick bun of sun-golden
blonde hair rested on the back of her head.  Now it was Reinhart
who felt like he was falling.  He noticed that she was only a head
shorter than himself.
     "I'm so sorry!" he exclaimed, once she was steady on her feet
again. "I didn't realize that you were behind me!"  She blushed
again, and shook her head.
     "No, I wasn't paying attention to where I was going.  It was
my fault," she said in a voice that seemed ready to sing, bending
to begin gathering the packages.  He jerked into motion, picking
up the parcels quickly.  She looked at him in surprise.
     "Please, let me help.  It was my fault, and the least that I
can do after being so clumsy."
     "You don't-" He smiled, and shook his head.
     "I insist.  Please."  Blushing scarlet to her hair line, she
finally gave in and nodded.  Standing, his arms now laden with the
packages, he followed her as she led the way through the town.
     "I should like to know your name, so that I may properly
thank you," she said quietly.  He looked at her.
     "Reinhart Schnider, at your service.  May I ask the same?"
She looked up at him, and smiled just a trifle.
     "I am Rosa.  Please, tell me a little about the gentleman
that has come to my rescue."  Reinhart stumbled in surprise - if
his teacher found out that was all it took to make him lose his
step, he would be extremely displeased with Reinhart - and had to
step fast to keep from sending the packages flying again.  He heard
her giggle quietly.
     "There isn't really much to tell.  I was born to a small,
but proud family.  Two years ago, I was bundled up and sent to
Aarin's school without so much as a goodbye kiss from my mother."
Rosa stopped, and stared at him in surprise.
     "You are one of those who train under Aarin?  My brothers
have always wanted to go there, but Father forbids it.  Tell me
what you do there," she asked, as she began walking again.
     "Mostly we train.  Learning the sword, how to avoid being
attacked, exercises to train our minds to not be controlled
by a vampire's mind control - in short, learning how not to leave
this coil early."
     "Sounds interesting.  My brothers would love it."
     "It is not a profession to be taken lightly, as one of the
older students learned when a vampire handed him his own head on a
training mission."  The somber comment brought them to an uneasy
silence.  They walked a ways farther down the road, until Rosa
stopped before a tall house.  Reinhart found himself tilting his
head far back just to see the top.
     "This is where we must part, I'm afraid," said Rosa.  Reinhart
set the packages down on the porch for her.  He wondered suddenly
if she would be going to the dance that evening.  As if she was
reading his thoughts, she spoke again.  "Are you by chance going
to the dance this evening?"  He looked at her in surprise, as she
blushed a little.
     "I more than likely will be, though I am going alone.  Are
you?" She smiled.
     "No, though I would very much like too.  Father said that none
of my sisters and I could go without an escort.  He took us all
long ago, but now he just doesn't get the chance; his position
on the town council sees to that."  She sighed.  "I wish that he
would stop treating us all like we were breakable porcelain."
She looked at him a minute, and then, realizing that she had said
her last thought aloud, blushed scarlet again.  Inspiration
struck, and Reinhart smiled.
     "Well, if you would have me, I would be glad to escort you."
She looked at him in surprise, and then smiled broadly, laughing.
     "It seems that you are going to come to my rescue again.  I
would be glad to have you as an escort.  You won't have to worry
about Father - I can talk him into almost anything," she said with
a mischievous grin.  Reinhart suddenly found himself wondering
if she had purposely led the conversation in that direction,
so that he would...  No, he realized upon reflection, that was just
his own ego talking.  Wasn't it?
     "Is seven o'clock a good time to come back for you?"  She
nodded, and then to his great surprise stood up on her tiptoes
and gave him a quick peck on the cheek.  Then she spun, picking
up the packages, and disappearing into the house, leaving a very
bewildered Reinhart to stare after her.  That was just an accident
when he had bumped into her, wasn't it?  He turned, though, and
hurried back into the town proper, to get clothing for that
evening, the fact that he was going to be escorting what had to be
the most beautiful girl he'd ever met to the dance that night sank
in.  He began humming a quick tune, and grinned.

*****

     Reinhart approached the house again later that evening,
as the sun slid beneath the horizon.  On the other side of the sky,
the moon, large and full, was already rising into the oncoming
night. The festival was already in full swing.  He squirmed
uncomfortably a little in the new coat and pants that he had
bought.  They felt gaudy compared to what he was used to: black
pants, a white shirt, and a formal coat with thread-of-gold
embroidered sleeves.  At his side, he had his silver short sword,
tied with a thin blue ribbon to show that he intended no violence
with it.  Aarin said that it should never leave his side, even if
he was just poking his head outside the door for a breath of fresh
air.  Sighing, and straightening the carnation pinned to his collar
a little, he moved up the steps, and knocked on the door.
     It was opened by a man that was head and shoulders and then
some taller than Reinhart was.  He was old; steel gray hair covered
his scalp, and his mustache was only just peppered with black among
the gray.  Dark blue eyes gazed at Reinhart with an intensity
that reminded him of a vampire's gaze, but no vampire could
possibly root him to the spot as well as this man was.
     "You must be the young man that Rosa is so interested
in," he said in a deep voice.  The older man looked Reinhart
up and down, and frowned a little at the short sword.  "I'll tell
you now, and I'll tell you simply.  I think that that Vampire
Hunter's schooling is foolish business.  Children trying to do what
should be left to their elders. But I never could refuse Rosa
anything.  So I'll give you your chance. But so help me, if you
hurt her..."  He trailed off, and let the threat hang implied
in the air.  Turning, he entered the house.  When he realized
that Reinhart wasn't following, he looked back at him sourly.
     "Well, are you just going to stand there looking a fool, or
are you going to come in?"  Reinhart jerked into motion, and came
through the door, closing it behind him.  The older man, Rosa's
father he guessed, disappeared into another room, and Reinhart
simply stood in the hall. After a moment, he returned, with Rosa
ahead of him.
     Reinhart had to force himself not to gasp in amazement.
She had changed out of the simple red dress that she had worn
before into a blue silk dress.  Frothy white lace surrounded
her neck, and spilled down to follow the neckline of her dress,
which plunged just enough to catch the eye, but not be too
revealing.  More lace adorned the sleeves of the dress.  The
material followed the natural curves of her body, and then flared
out over her hips, reaching nearly to the ground.  A slit reached
up each side of the dress nearly to her thigh, so that she could
move freely.
     Her golden hair, which had been tucked into a bun before,
was now undone and spilled down to her waist, swaying freely as she
moved.  A touch of rogue colored her cheeks, and her lips were
painted red as a ruby, and around her neck was a thin chain of
gold, with a sapphire set in silver.  She smiled softly, and
blushed as she saw him staring at her.  The silence began to
stretch, and then it was snapped in two by her father.
     "I expect that Rosa will be back by midnight.  Beyond that,
you are to enjoy yourselves."  He turned to face his daughter.
"Have a good evening, Rosa."  He kissed her on the cheek, and then
gave Reinhart one last, firm look.  Then, he turned, and
disappeared back into the study.  Rosa came towards him.
     "I hope that he wasn't too hard on you.  As I said before,
he treats us as if we are porcelain," she said softly, in that
musical tone.  He smiled.
     "Just a few words to the wise," he answered, offering her his
arm. She smiled, took it, and they stepped into the night.  Music
drifted toward them from the square as they walked toward it, and
they could hear people laughing and shouting.  As they walked,
Reinhart noticed that while he was a nervous wreak, she appeared
to be crystal calm.  With an effort, he forced himself to mirror
her serenity.  She saw him struggling with this out of the corner
of her eye, and smiled slightly.
     They reached the town square, where a large platform had been
erected to dance upon.  Already, dozens of people were there,
turning and swinging about in pairs, though the stage was no where
near full yet. A band played a tune with a quick beat, and aside
from them a small orchestra was getting ready to join in.
Multicolored tents had sprung up, inside which games were played
or food made.  Well away from the dance stage, a huge bonfire
blazed, lighting the night.  They looked at each other, and Rosa
laughed as she pulled Reinhart toward the stage.
     It was just as they reached the stage that Reinhart remembered
that he had two left feet when it came to dancing.  Aarin always
said it was the strangest thing that he had ever seen.  Reinhart
could flow with a grace akin to a ferret when he was practicing
the blade, but the second that he tried to dance, it was as if his
bootlaces had been tied together.  Praying silently, he let Rosa
take the lead.
     To his amazement, Reinhart found that he actually managed
to keep from toppling down, or worse, tripping her.  They danced
through a couple songs, and then Rosa nodded toward an empty bench.
Reinhart was surprised to see that the moon was now high in the
sky, though not yet to its high point, he noticed with relief.
They made their way off the stage, and sat down.  Rosa's face was
flushed, and sweat shone faintly on her forehead.  But she laughed,
and smiled at him.
     "You are a very good dancer," she said.  He grinned weakly.
     "Actually, I'm just having a run of terribly good luck.  I'm
a terrible dancer.  Half the time that I was up there I was afraid
I'd end up tripping and bringing you down with me."  She stared
at him in surprise.
     "You must be joking.  I thought that I was the one who didn't
know how to dance."  They both shared a laugh, as the orchestra
began to play a slower song.  Rosa looked at him and smiled, and
they went back up on the stage.  Reinhart fumbled through his mind
for the way to hold a girl during a waltz.  It finally came to him,
and he hesitantly placed his right hand on her side, while grasping
her right in his left.  She placed her left hand on his shoulder,
and they began to move in time with the music.
     Reinhart would turn, and she would follow, than she would
spin, her hair flying out to brush against his chest.  He found
himself very aware of the feel of her body through the material
of the dress, and the moonlight touched her face in such a way that
made it seem almost angelic.  The music came to a height, and their
eyes locked.  Slowly, he bent down somewhat.
     Just as his lips were about to brush hers, a blood curdling
scream of terror shattered the night, followed by a howl of rage.
Seeing a flicker of movement to his side, Reinhart reacted
automatically, spinning away, pulling Rosa with him.  A werewolf
hurtled through the space they had just been in, landed, and then
spun to face them.  Reinhart drew his short sword, snapping the
ribbon, as the wolf-man leapt at them.  He sidestepped, pulling
Rosa along with him, and held out the sword.  To late, the werewolf
tried to stop, but impaled itself on the silver blade.  It jerked,
and then died.  Yanking out to sword, Reinhart turned to Rosa.
     "Run, quickly, get the City Watch!  I'll do what I can!"  He
gave her a slight push in that direction, and she took off as fast
as she could.  He looked back toward the center of the stage.  A
dozen werewolves were there, along with the remains of several
villagers. A couple of men had grabbed weapons and were fighting
with them, but even as he saw them, one of them was torn to ribbons
by a pair of wolf-men.
     He rushed at them, and caught them by surprise, his blade
biting deeply into the neck of one of the werewolves before they
even realized he was there.  Pulling his blade out of the neck of
the wolf he had just slain, Reinhart spun, catching the attack
of one werewolf on his blade. Pivoting, he blocked another attack,
and then flipped his grip on the sword, driving it into the gut of
the first wolf that had attacked him.  It gurgled, and then fell
to the ground as Reinhart leapt backwards to avoid the swipe of
another werewolf's claws.
     Three of the creatures approached him now, watching him
warily. Reinhart saw one look a little behind him, and dropped
to the ground. He felt the close brush of fur as the werewolf
that had been coming up behind him flew over him and crashed into
the one that was in front of him.  He rolled as the two remaining
wolves slammed their claws into the stage.  Leaping up, he
introduced his boot to the stomach of the closer one, and drove
his blade down and through it.  Yanking it free, he dove to the
side, and then slashed at an approaching werewolf.  It howled in
pain as his blade drew a line across its forearm, and leapt away
to lick its wounds.
     Reinhart turned, to face another, and shouted in pain as a
werewolf whipped his claws across Reinhart's chest and shoulder,
leaving deep gashes.  Gasping, Reinhart thrust his blade forward,
and pierced the wolf-man's heart.  He turned, looking for another
opponent to battle with.
     With a start, he realized that the werewolves were retreating.
He turned, and saw a large group of the city watch coming toward
them, Rosa in the lead.  He smiled, and then looked down in
surprise at the bloody gashes across his chest.  They throbbed
dully.  He should do something about them, he knew, but what?  Rosa
came onto the stage as the short sword slipped, forgotten,
from his grasp.
     "You'll have to excuse me, my dear, but I seem to have made
a bit of a mess of myself," he said apologetically.  He looked
at her, and wondered why she had such a worried expression
on her face, as he took a step toward her.  But when his foot
landed, he toppled forward, to land flat on his face.  He struggled
for a moment to get back up, but settled for rolling over to face
the sky.  Rosa was at his side suddenly.
     "Reinhart, just rest there.  The city watch has called the
doctor." Reinhart looked at her in surprise.
     "I don't know why, you look to be perfectly fine.  Just give
me a moment, and I'll be back up.  I just seem to have lost my
balance for a moment."  There was a ringing in his ears, and
darkness was beginning to wash in from the edges of his vision.
He smiled.  With the moon shining down from above her, she really
did look beautiful, ringed in an aura of silver light.  "Has
anybody ever told you that you are the most beautiful woman on
earth?" he asked.  No, wait a moment, he shouldn't have done that,
it was much to forward for an escort.  She blushed crimson, but the
worry in her eyes wouldn't leave.
     "No, nobody but you.  Thank you.  I think you are pretty
handsome too, and brave.  But for the moment, please just rest.
The doctor will be here soon."  He smiled, glad that she hadn't
taken offence at his comment.
     "Hmmm... Rest... Yes, I do feel tired... Would you mind
staying... awake... while... I..." he trailed off, as he lost
consciousness. The last thing that he saw was her smiling down at
him.

*****

     "...blood he lost, he shouldn't even be alive."
     "Is he going to survive?"  That soft, musical voice...  It
seemed familiar, yet fear danced just under the surface.  But he
couldn't see anything to help him identify the voice.  Why?
     "He's just sleeping now.  I've sewn the wounds up - its
amazing he didn't catch Lycanthropy with the severity of them.  I'd
say that he's out of danger."  Who were they talking about?
     "Good.  When he became unconscious, I was certain that he
would die." Unconscious?  He became aware of a dull throb in his
chest and right shoulder.  Were they talking about him?
     "It seems that you have picked quite a solid fellow, child.
Given a few hours to sleep, I think that he'll be back up and
about."
     "Thank you, doctor."  This was a new voice, gruff and deep.
"Rosa would have been... unhappy had he passed away, and I will be
glad to have the chance to thank the man that saved her life."
He strained to remember who that musical voice belonged to, but
couldn't, and then the mantle of sleep passed over him once again.

*****

     "Hey...  what's a guy gotta do... to get a drink of water
around here..." croaked Reinhart, after opening his eyes to see
Rosa's back to him.  She turned, surprise on her face, which
quickly turned to relief. He found himself in a large bed, under
several thick coverlets.  Slowly, he pushed himself into a sitting
position, the coverlets falling back enough to reveal his bare
chest.  Looking down, he saw bandages wrapped around his chest and
shoulder.
     Rosa poured a glass of water for him out of a pitcher close
to the bed, and handed it to him.  He swallowed it down, and
breathed a sigh of relief as it wet down his parched throat, and
then looked around in confusion.  He was in a fairly large room,
with a tall oak dresser, wardrobe, and dolls crammed into just
about every nook, cranny, and corner.
     "Thank you," he said weakly.  "Where am I, and how did I end
up here?"  Rosa sat on the bed next to him, and touched a moist
cloth to his forehead.
     "Werewolves attacked.  You sent me to get the watch, while
you fought them off.  They counted ten bodies, and the guard
captain said he'd never seen anybody survive more than four
attacking at once, much less killing ten at a time."  He grinned.
     "That still doesn't explain how I ended up here, and where
here is." She smiled.
     "One of the wolf-men managed to get you pretty badly.  The
doctor came up and sewed up the wounds.  You're in my home, at the
moment, my room, to be exact."  She blushed a little as she said
that.  Reinhart swallowed the quip he had been planning about the
dolls, and instead set about getting up.  Just before he pushed
away the covers, though, he realized that his pants were gone too.
He had been stripped down to his breeches.  Rosa lay a hand on his
chest.
     "Doctor Flemming said that you should stay in bed for a couple
of days."  He looked at her a little flatly.
     "I really need to be up and back to the school, or Aarin will
make me wish that that werewolf had gotten me."  Rosa looked at
him, a mischievous glint in her eye.  She removed her hand from his
chest.
     "Fine.  If you can get up, and get dressed without falling
flat on your face, you can try and convince Father to let you
leave."  She then stood up, and crossed her arms under her breasts,
staring at him quite intently, a faint smile on her face.  He
looked at her minute, considered how much trouble he would be in if
her father caught him traipsing about half naked in her room, and
weighed it against how much trouble he would be in if he didn't
get back to the school on time.
     Reinhart threw back to covers, and swung his legs over the
edge. She kept watching him, her smile growing wider.  Frowning,
he carefully slid off the bed, and slowly stood.  His legs wobbled
threateningly at first, but through an effort of will, he kept on
his feet.  He looked at her in triumph.
     "You still have to get dressed."  His expression fell a
little.
     "No chance that you'll actually tell me where my clothing
is, I suppose."  Rosa shook her head.
     "I kinda like this view."  He raised his eyebrow at her in
surprise, and slowly began to look around the room.  He found his
boots first, tucked under a chair.  Next came his sword belt,
complete with silver short sword, which he noticed had been cleaned
of the werewolf's blood.
     "Well, at least I'll be able to defend myself."  He felt his
muscles groan at the thought of doing anything more strenuous
than breathing. "Maybe not."  Tucked behind a pair of dolls, he
found his socks, and sat down on the bed long enough to pull them
on.
     "Ready to give up?" she asked him.  He looked at her - and
then at the chair right behind her, upon which his pants, a fresh
shirt and light coat were neatly folded.  She sighed in
frustration, and moved aside so that he could get to them.  While
he pulled them on, she sat down on the bed.
     "Do you do this to all the men that save your life?" he asked.
She laughed.
     "Only the stubborn ones. Which, considering that you're the
only one to have ever saved my life, means yes, I do."  Wincing
as he pushed his injured arm through the sleeve of the shirt, he
looked at her.  She was looking at him entirely innocently,
and suddenly his words from the previous evening came back.  He
blushed furiously, and she suddenly broke into laughter as he went
red to the hairline.  Gah!  How did she do that to him?
     "There, I'm dressed.  May I leave now, before I make an even
bigger fool of myself?"  She looked thoughtful for a moment, and
then shook her head no, instead standing and guiding him to the
bed, sitting down next to him.
     "We...  I was very worried, when you fell.  It was my fault
that you were there."  He looked at her, confused.
     "What do you mean?  I was glad to take you."  She smiled at
him.
     "So innocent...  I have a confession.  It wasn't exactly
an accident that I bumped into you yesterday.  I... wanted to meet
you."  She began to blush as she spoke, while Reinhart had to
concentrate to keep his jaw from dropping.  "So, you... shouldn't
have been hurt.  It was... my fault.  I'm sorry."  She looked away,
and he stared at her a moment, then put a finger under her chin and
lifted her face to look into her eyes.
     "Don't blame yourself for me getting hurt.  I would have been
there anyway, and I would have done the same thing.  Its just a
question as to if I would have come out as well as I did.  I can
think of no better reason to have gotten hurt, than in your
defense."  She looked at him in surprise.
     "But..."
     "Listen.  Did you enjoy the evening, before the werewolves
attacked?"  She nodded.  "Than I consider this little scratch
to be well paid for."  She stared at him, understanding
in her eyes, and slowly, they began to lean together, as they had
the night before.  Just as their lips met, though, there was a loud
clearing of a throat, and they both jumped in surprise.  They
turned to see Rosa's father.
     "Oh, don't mind me, I didn't mean to interrupt," he said.
Rosa and Reinhart both blushed a deep shade of red.
     "I'm starting to wonder if somebody is watching us so that
they can find some way to interrupt..." he heard Rosa say, very,
very quietly. Reinhart nodded, and then stood.  Rosa's father came
fully into the room, and smiled slightly, extending his had.
     "I want to thank you, young man.  You proved me wrong.
Perhaps at least some of you at the school are old enough to be at
this business. You kept my daughter safe.  You are welcome under
my roof."  Reinhart shook his hand, a little confused, but glad
that he had apparently passed some test in the elder man's eyes.
Rosa's father turned to leave, but paused on the brink of exiting
the room.
     "Rosa.  You have my permission."  On that note, he left,
leaving a very confused Reinhart and a suddenly ecstatic Rosa.  He
turned to her.
     "Permission?" he asked.  She grinned, and walked up to him.
     "To see you."  It took a moment for her words to sink in, but
he did finally understand her meaning.  He grinned, as she hugged
him, and then stood on her toes.  Their lips met, and they kissed
gently.
     "Rosa, is - Oh, I see that he is awake.  Quite awake."  They
looked up to see two girls in standing in the doorway.  Rosa
sighed, and accidentally leaned against his injured shoulder.
He gasped in pain, and she backed up, face crimson red.  Her
sisters laughed, and she purposefully walked over, and calmly
closed the door in their faces. The laugher faded slowly.  Reinhart
pressed his hand to his shoulder, and grinned at her weakly.
     "Sorry, I forgot," she said apologetically.  He laughed
weakly.
     "I had better get back to the school.  At least there I see
the accidents coming."  She stared at him, and then realized
that he was joking, and laughed too.  She crossed the room, and
retrieved a long, bright red scarf.
     "Here.  Something to help keep me on your mind while your
training." She wrapped it around his neck, and he smiled, kissing
her on the cheek.
     "How could I get you out of my mind?  I don't think I would,
even if I could."  She showed him the way out the door.  He hurried
back to the school, arriving just in time to see Aarin entering
the school.
     "I hear that you were quite the hero during the festival."
Reinhart nodded.  "You will be chopping wood and cleaning the mess
for the next month, child.  That werewolf should have never come
close to you.  Maybe some extra chores will teach you to pay more
attention to the battle?" Reinhart groaned, and stumbled back to
his quarters.  The scarf flapped in the wind, almost as if it were
laughing.
     "Oh, and Reinhart!" called Aarin just before he reached his
quarters. "Good job in town.  Ten werewolves isn't bad, even if
they did almost hand you your head."  Reinhart collapsed on the
bed, and wished that he had of taken Rosa's advice and stayed in
bed.

*****

     Carrie Fernandez sighed as she entered her room.  Placing
her pack down on the chair, she stretched out, wincing as she heard
her spine popping loudly.  She shucked out of her dress, and pulled
a clean shift over her head.  Looking at the bed in envy, she
instead sat down in the chair, after retrieving her spellbook
from her pack.  Opening the ancient tome, she smiled wearily as she
heard a loud snoring coming from the next room.  At least one of
them would get some sleep this night.
     The spellbook that she began to read from had been the
heirloom of the Fernandez family for decades, and before that the
Belnades, all the way up to Sypha Belnades, some four hundred
years before.  Sypha Belnades, the beautiful sorceress, who, with
Grant Dynasty, Alucard, and Trevor Belmont, had placed Dracula
back into his hundred year sleep.
     Now, his evil was wakening again, and she and Reinhart
Schnieder, heir to the Belmont bloodline, went to do battle with
the dark lord.  Though she was only twelve, she knew that her duty
lay in stopping the ancient vampire once again, or die trying.
The ancient tome in her lap was one of the weapons that she had in
her quest.  She had owned it for six years, and yet was still only
a quarter of the way through, but the magic that she had already
learned from it had been a great help in her quest.
     There had been a downside, of course.  Her hair, once black,
had become a light cyan, her eyes gone from shining blue to
glittering gold.  Her skin had become so pale as to make her seem
death walking, and though she was indeed death to those who
followed the ways of evil, she herself was as alive in body as she
could be.  Yet, for the warmth that her body held, she knew that
her soul was shattered beyond repair long since.  Her heart perhaps
did beat, but it would never hold warmth for another in the way
that it should, she was certain.
     For a moment, she looked up from the spellbook, and thought
back to that terrible time.  A child she had been, returning
home from playing with her friends.  She had found the twisted
and burned bodies of werewolves by the dozen surrounding her home,
the door in splinters. Carrie had searched inside, and found her
mother, surrounded by dead wolf-men, in a pool of her own blood.
     Perhaps it had just been shock, perhaps it was that she hadn't
been able to fathom the meaning of the red fluid spilling from her
mother, but she had tried to save her.  Her mother, the woman who
had just that year begun to teach her the ways of the Art, who had
always seemed invincible.
     But her mother had stopped her, told her to save her strength.
And then she had told her the secret that she and Carrie's father
had intended to never tell her.  That the woman she thought of as
her mother, that she loved as such, was not her true mother.  That
she had met her father five years before, carrying a young babe
with him, and that they had fallen in love and then married.
     Carrie had listened, uncomprehendingly, but slowly began to
understand the truth.  After finishing her story, her mother had
told her of where to find the book, the heirloom of her family
name.  Then, whispering words of love, she passed away.  In a
stupor, Carrie had mechanically found the book, and looked at it.
At first, she couldn't understand the words, hard as she tried.
And then, it was as if the words written on the pages read
themselves to her.
     Slowly, she had began to understand the spells, and her role
in the coming battle as Dracula awoke once more.  In the back of
the spell book, there was a note from Sypha to her descendants.
It said that in order to truly battle Dracula, she would need to
find the holy whip of the Belmont clan, for that truly was the only
weapon that could place the Count back into his slumber.
     And so had began her six year long journey to find the whip.
After searching fruitlessly to find her father, whose body was
neither in the house, nor among the dead werewolves, she began to
track it down.  She had traveled all over Romania in search of it.
Starting in the birthplace of the first Belmont, she had followed
clues on a path that, while giving her time to refine her control
of the Art, also forced her to grow up before her time, as if the
death of her parents had not killed her soul.  Finally, in an
ancient church in southern Romania, five and a half years after
she began, she found the tomb of Grant Dynasty.  Inscribed on the
doors was the message, 'The Belmont's Holy light shall ever more
shine within their final rest.'
     She had set off for the province of Walachia, where the tomb
of the Belmonts watched over a sleepy burg far to the south of
where Castlevania appeared every hundred years.  Try as she might,
though, she had not been able to open the door to the mausoleum,
which legend said 'would only open to the blood of the holy line.'
It was there, in that sacred place, that she had met with Reinhart
for the first time, and found out that he was the descendant
of Richter Belmont, last of the Belmont line.  He had opened the
door, and claimed the whip, and there they had joined forces,
to destroy Dracula.
     Sighing, she looked back down at the spellbook, but tonight
the words just refused to come together.  She grinned.  The thing
would never let her study if she needed rest.  Which was likely
a good thing, as a tired mind could make deadly mistakes.
     "You win, I'll get some sleep," she said.  The pages rippled
slightly.  Setting the book aside, she climbed into the bed, and
closed her eyes.  Sleep blanketed her, and held her in his embrace
till the dawn's light.

*****

     "We have a long day ahead of us, Carrie.  Let's get going.
With luck, we'll reach the castle before it is too late."  Carrie
nodded, and they set off once again, the sun low in the sky.
     "I had a dream last night, Reinhart.  I think that it was the
first one I've had in a long, long time."
     "There can be pain in dreams, Carrie.  There can be pain, and
there can be joy.  I hope you had one of the latter, my friend."

*****
