Quick author note:  This story doesn't really go in a
continuous timeline, kinda like Pulp Fiction or something.
Just try not to get lost and if I get enough complaints then
I'll change the style.  If enough people write and say it's
okay then I'll keep it this way.  Also continuity wise
Tenchi Muyo is after the first TV-Series, Ranma during the
third season (as that's all I've seen up to), and the El-
Hazard OVA series right before the end and Iffurita is
rescued.  Now on with the show.

Also I would like to thank Andrew Graham and Deunan for the
main idea. (See Long Author's notes at end)

The sharp wind blows gently across the Desert of Bleached
White Bones.  Somewhere in the distance a wolf's howl to the
moon can be heard, it's sad melody drifting over the barren
wasteland.  Slowly the sun breaks the barren darkness into a
thousand bright points of light until anyone looking can see
for miles around.  And if anyone were looking they would see
the bright tuft of cyan hair making it's way through the
desert, trudging slowly, cursing the loss of power and
ability in this world.  A world not of her birth but quiet
possibly her death.  She looks over at her traveling
companion, a young girl with short dark hair who looks
desperately forward, awaiting, hoping, for a sign of life
anywhere.  It doesn't come.

                 An Infinity Inc. production
                     In association with
   A Microsoft Word 97 program purchased at Computer City

                   Written and Directed by
             Mark J. Raming Jr. (Uchann@Aol.com)

                         Animated by
                      Your imagination

                   Starring as themselves:
                  (in no particular order)

                        Tenchi Masaki
                       Makoto Misuhara
                        Ranma Saotome
                         Akane Tendo
                   Ryoko the space pirate
                           Cologne


It started off as a normal day in Japan.  In one household
two women were chasing each other around a forest trying to
kill each other because the both loved the same man.  In
another household three women chased each other around a koi
pond because they all loved the same man.  In another
dimension however two women sat drinking together because
the one man they thought had loved them was pining over a
third woman.  Confused yet?  Don't worry you will be.

                       Blood and Tears
                         Chapter One
                     "Delayed Rondevous"

Tenchi stood, his bokken at the ready, staring at his grand
father.  Neither blinked for many moments as they sized each
other up.  Their bodies began radiating a visible battle
aura after a minute.  After three minutes the local wildlife
within a quarter mile began to feel uneasy.  Finally after
ten minutes grandfather lowered his bokken and looked at
Tenchi and smiled.  Tenchi taking this a cue lowered his
slightly and returned the smile.  Their battle auras
receeded.

"Very good Tenchi.  You have achieved a level of power I had
not believed you possible of attaining before your battle
with Kagato."

"Thank's Grandpa I've been.."

Tenchi was cut off as Granpa leaped into the air bringing
his bokken into the ready position.  Tenchi barely had
enough time to block the strike before he was forced to take
a step back to avoid the second, and then the third.  Tenchi
was steadily pushed back into a tree when he saw the flaw in
his grandfather's technique.  Sliding to the side and
whipping his bokken up to intercept he continued the strike
until he felt, first contact with, and then the breaking of,
his grandfather's bokken.

Smiling broadly Tenchi bowed to his astonished grandfather
and turned away and began making his way to the house.

***

"Great-Grand-daughter go fetch Ranma."  Cologne said from
across the counter.

"Aiya you make Ranma take Shampoo on date?"  Shampoo said as
she bounded toward the door.

As Cologne watched the young amazon leave the Nekohanten she
sighed.  She no longer seemed the woman with the indomitable
will and the desire to go on forever.  The signs pointed
toward a great tragedy just around the corner.  It was best
if Son-in-law was prepared.

"Mousse!"

Mousse fumbled the ramen he had been carrying and looked in
the general direction of Cologne's voice,  "Yeah?"

"When Ranma arrives I want you to take Shampoo and gather
the remaining martial artists from the town.  Something bad
is coming."

Mousse looked surprised and pulled down his glasses over his
eyes and stared into the eyes of the matriarch of his tribe.
If she was willing to share even this much with him, it must
be serious indeed.  "Yes mam."

***

"IFURITA!  NOOOOO!"  Makoto awoke screaming. Flailing wildly
he managed to get the covers removed from his bed and no
longer strangling him.  He had dreamed, the first in many
nights.  Ifurita, his beloved, thrown across time and space
for ten millenia, was in great and terrible danger.  And
since, in his timeline it had already occurred, there was
nothing he could do about it.

His dream spoke of a great gathering of heroes who fought
desperately against an abboration to time and space.  Their
lives changed irrivocably by forces beyond their control
they struggled to stave off the total destruction of the
only home they had ever known, only to fall again and again
until their final defeat was their ultimate victory.

Makoto ran his hands through his hair and wiped the sweat
from his brow.  He had to discover how the Eye of God
worked, and quick.  Otherwise things were going to
deteriorate very, very, quickly.

"My God what will happen if I fail?"

***

Ryoko approached quietly, seeing her prey in sight she eased
slowly into an overhanging tree branch, awaiting the right
moment to approach.  Remembering the advice given by Yosho
on hunting this particular creature she adjusted her stance.
Waiting was driving her crazy, but it was necessary to
corner this prey.  The worst part was that in this country
the prey had to deliver itself unto the hunter or it was
useless.

Finally when she could wait no longer she dropped softly to
the ground and looked her prey right in the eye and smiled.
It smiled back.  Her eyes softened and she moved closer
extending her arms to show that she meant no harm.

"Hello Tenchi."  Ryoko said softly as she wrapped her arms
around him and squeezed him tightly to her.

"Hello Ryoko."  Tenchi said as his arms raised to embrace
her in return.

"I need to make a trip Tenchi."

"Why's that?"

She had yet to release him from her grasp, fearing, more
than anything, what his response would be when she answered,
"If I'm going to be staying here for.a long time..I'm going
to need some earth clothes.  I decided to go to Tokyo and do
a little shopping.  See the sights.  It won't be long before
the rest of the group returns and I'd like to show them how
happy we.I am here."

Tenchi moved her away from him, his smile never faltering,
"How about I go with you Ryoko, we could see Tokyo
together."

Ryoko resisted the urge to mention getting a hotel room
together and merely stated, "I'd like that Tenchi."

And so the two of them, arm in arm, made their way to the
house to prepare for their trip to Tokyo.

***

Ranma walked back towards the Tendo Dojo lost deep in
thought, "It's not like the old ghoul to be so worried.  I'm
sure I can handle what ever's going to happen, I just wish
she hadn't been so serious about it.  I mean, calling Ukyou,
Ryouga, Kuno, Konatsu, Kodachi, Shampoo, and Mousse to help
me deal with whatever's coming.  Hah, like I've ever needed
their help before.  Oh well, at least this way Akane won't
be in any danger.  I'll have to make sure to stay away from
her until this is all over."

Unseen in the shadows stalked a girl with short black hair,
watching the boy who had turned her life, and her feelings,
upside down.  She didn't know how she felt about him,
sometimes she didn't know how she felt about anything.  He
was the cause of most of her problems right now but still he
always found some little way to show she was special to him
in a way no one else could ever be.  It was all very
confusing for Akane Tendo to know exactly where she fit in
this world.  All she really knew was that she wanted to be
with Ranma when it all fell into place.  Hearing his words
about protecting her she decided that to join him might
emberrass him so she stayed to the shadows and slipped off.

Ranma continued walking and noticed Akane slided deaper into
the shadows and then make her way in another direction.  He
smiled to himself and thanked heaven he had consulted Kasumi
on possible ways to improve their relationship.  Maybe this
wasn't going to be such a bad day after all.

***

The trip to Tokyo was turning out to be a rather pleasant
one.  Ryoko had fallen fast asleep when they had boarded the
bus and had leaned on Tenchi's shoulder the entire time.
The earlier train ride had been a lively conversation
between the two of them.  Ryoko had actually seemed
interrested in knowing more about Tenchi.  It had always
seemed to him that she had just wanted him without knowing
anything about him.  Now she wanted to know everything from
what he wanted to do when he was older to how he was doing
in school.  She was a wholly different person.  If it hadn't
been so nice he would have been waiting for the other shoe
to drop.

Now they were traveling through the Nerima district on their
way to their hotel.  It was a quiet place that seemed like
it hadn't yet advanced to the twentieth century.  Everywhere
he looked people were wearing traditional clothing.  In
fact, if you had removed his father and the horde of
visiting aliens his house would probably have fit in quite
well around here.

Finally after watching the quaint little district pass by
they arrived at the stop they were to get off at and he was
forced to wake the sleeping Ryoko.  The two gathered their
bags and made their way toward their hotel in peace and
quiet, Ryoko savoring the time alone with Tenchi.  Tenchi
just savored the peace and quiet.

After they had settled themselves into their rooms a knock
came from Tenchi's door.  When he went to answer it he was
startled to see Ryoko standing there in a demure yellow
sundress.  Her head was bent down as she got a very close
look at the white loafers she was wearing.

"Uhm.Tenchi..would you like to go shopping and then dinner
and a movie?"  Ryoko asked, her voice hesitant.

Tenchi stood there dumbfounded.  Ryoko dressing normally?
ASKING him if he wanted to go out instead of dragging him?
Noticing that she was standing there uncomfortably he
finally managed to choke out a "I'd love to."

Ryoko's face lifted up, her eyes wide with excitement and
her smile showed how relieved she was to have that all over
with.  "Great I'll be back in a few minutes so you have a
chance to get ready."

As Tenchi's door closed he turned around and looked around.
Any moment now he expected Kagato or Washu or anyone else to
jump out and tell him that these past two days had been one
momentous joke.  In a way he almost wished it was.  This was
almost as big of a jump as when the girls had first started
arriving here.

***

Ranma stood, hand raised to knock, outside of Akane's door.
His courage was slowly slipping away from him as he realized
the gargantuan step he would have to take to ask what he had
to ask.  For all the times he had smiled and complimented
her he had never asked her out on one single date.  Not one.
All of his "other" fiancee's had, at one time or another,
gone out on a date with him.  But they had all initiated it.
Here though, he was on his own.

He had been so sure when he had gone to the flower shop and
purchased a boquet of spring flowers (He didn't want to be
to mushy to her, it wasn't like he was SURE he was going to
like her) and even through the movie line when he had waited
for a half of an hour to purchase tickets to that movie that
just came over from the U.S., Titanic.  These were all
things she would like, the movie clerk assured him that
"It's just so romantic!" and he knew Akane would like
something like that.  He on the other hand would rather see
that new flic "Replacement Killers" with lots of fighting
and guns and cool stunts.  He would just have to go by
himself to see that one though.

Smacking himself upside the head for getting sidetracked he
screwed together his courage and knocked on the door.
Akane's voice drifted through the door welcoming him in.
When he opened the door he found her sitting at her desk
working on some homework.  She turned around to see what he
wanted and her mouth and eyes went wide open as her pencil
dropped to the floor.

Ranma walked up to her and set the vase of flowers in front
of her.  Smiled, handed her a card and walked out.  The door
shut quietly behind him and Akane stared at it for a few
moments before comprehending what had just happened.  She
looked at the flowers and then to the note in her hand.

The wall near her bed made a loud thump thump noise and she
heard Nabiki yell "Open the letter you twit!"

Akane looked around her room not sure what was going on.
Any moment now she expected Kodachi or Shampoo or anyone
else to jump out and tell her that these past two minutes
had been one momentous joke.  In a way she almost wished it
was.  This was almost as big of a jump as when Ranma had
first arrived.

***

Tenchi sat in the hotel lounge looking around for Ryoko.  It
had taken him fifteen minutes to get ready to go and he had
expected her to be down here waiting for him.  He had been
waiting for a few minutes and he was starting to get worried
that something might have occurred.

As it was, he was right.

***

Ryoko flew through the air dodging the little letch's little
bomb things he kept throwing at her.  Whatever he was he was
good.  When she had returned from Tenchi's room he had
broken into her room and had been going through her bag and
taking her undergarments.

Now he was going to die!

***

Akane sat in the living room waiting for Ranma.  It had
taken her an hour to get ready to go and she had expected
him to be down here waiting for him.  Or down here laughing
at how gullible she was.  She had been waiting for a few
minutes and she was starting to get worried that something
bad might have happened.

As it was, she was right.

***

Ranma bounded from roof top to roof top chasing after the
girl who was chasing "the old letch".  It was obvious that
the little pervert had done something bad to this girl and
that he needed to be punted into the next parrallel
dimension.  It also intreaged him that the girl was flying.
He really wanted to know how she did that.

He was going to wring the old letch's kneck when he got
ahold of him.

***

Finally coming to a halt Happosai turned to face his two
approaching attackers.  Whipping out his pipe and taking a
few puff's he waited for them to arrive.  The girl charged
in waving what appeared to be a sword made out of chi.  He
raised the pipe and deftly blocked the swing, reversed his
motion and sent the girl even farther into the air.  Ranma's
kick almost caught him by surprise but he managed to jump
away, dropping a happodaikarin as he soared through the air.
He watched as it exploded leaving a cloud of cement dust
surrounding where Ranma had once stood.

Smiling at his victory he turned to leave, only to look
directly into the glowing yellow sword pointed at his face.
He felt Ranma grab him by the back of the shirt tale and
pull him off the ground.

Ranma looked up at the girl with the bluish hair and held
out the little ball of wrinkles, "Did he do something to
you?"

Ryoko stood their seething at the little pervert, "Yeah, he
stole all my underwear and bra's!"

"He does that sometimes.  Do you want me to beat the crap
out of him or do you want to do it?"

"I'd love to..OH NO!  I'M LATE FOR MY DATE WITH TENCHI!
Yougoaheadandbeathimupforme!"  Ryoko yelled as she flew off,
remembering the waiting Tenchi.

Ranma watched her go and then looked at Happosai, "I'd be
glad she left if I were you you old letch.  If
she..hadn't..had...a..OH NO! I'M LATE FOR MY DATE WITH
AKANE!  Illbeatthecrapoutofyoulateroldman!"  Ranma yelled as
he dropped Happosai and ran off towards the tendo dojo.

Happosai looked around, confused as to what had just
happened.  Then he decided that a good romp in Ryoko's
underwear would be just the thing to clear his mind.

As it was he was right.

***

                        COMING SOON:
                       Blood and Tears
                         Chapter Two
                    "Seperation Anxiety"

Ranma, Akane, Tenchi, and Ryoko go to the movies.  When a
mysterious woman blows up the movie theater a valient fight
occurs and someone spills spaghetti.

Masamichi Fujisawa and his fist of justice make their first
appearance in chapter two as Makoto searches desperately for
a way to make his way back to Earth.  Shayla-Shayla and
Nanami get into a cook off for Makoto's love and Afura Mann
get's naked.

All this and more in the next chapter of Blood and Tears.



Author's extended notes;  Well now.here I was sitting at my
little old monitor reading Tenchi Fanfics when I began
reading "Homecoming" by Andrew Graham and Deunan and what
did I see "MY GOD TWO OF MY FAVORITE ANIME'S IN THE SAME
FANFIC!" and it all went downhill from there.  If any of you
who worship the above listed fanfic then you can skip to the
spoilers section to see where I deviated.  This will only be
listed in the first episode so you'll have to come back here
when I deviate from it or when you get tired of reading
this.  I'm trying to show a little character development in
the relationships between Ranma & Akane and Tenchi & Ryoko
because frankly I think that they are the best matchups
(Note to Mr. Zen and all like minded people; I think that
Ukyou deserves someone way way better than Ranma) Also
because I love Ryoko (In a way my friends believe is
unhealthy.)

This isn't my first fanfic, although I must say it's my
first that didn't focus on Ukyou and/or Ryouga.(It might
actually be the first that I thought was any good though)
Please send C&C's.  I mean I gotta tell you.I've posted
stuff to RAAC always and the whopping four comments I got
felt pretty damn cool.  Send anything you want, from "My god
stop writing now!" to "My god where's the next chapter!" to
"I think I'm gonna throw up!"  to "OY VEY!"

Thanks for reading.
MJR

SPOILER:  Warning this area gives you a basic definition of
what's going to happen in the next few chapters.  If you
want to be surprised don't read this.  This is mostly just
to prove (both to myself and others) that I'm not just re-
writing "Homecoming" by Andrew Graham and Deunan (Which by
the way I highly recommend you check out.  It involves
Tenchi's quest for Iffurita and how he inadvertantly brings
our heroes from Tenchi to El-Hazard and how the Jurai
are..oh wait I'm giving stuff away sorry)

Iffurita flung across time and space goes backwards one day
for five thousand years sometimes she appears sometimes she
doesn't.  Needless to say she's going backwards in time,
living it out day by day.  Tenchi and Ranma confront her a
few time's each time noticing that they are getting beaten
less and less and that Iffurita expresses less and less
knowledge of their fighting style's and powers.  Finally
when Iffurita first/last appears our heroes defeat her but
are thrust into the magnificent world of El-Hazard.  Oh
yeah, surprise surprise Ryouga get's involved in the fight
and ends up going back with them.(This guy can get lost in a
closet)  They end up meeting the priestesses and Makoto and
Masamichi and Nanami and the gang and kick around for a
little while.  Eventually they'll go back home or something.
I don't know.  Anyway only the two operative fiancee's/love
interest will be tagging along.  No Aeyaka or Shampoo or
anyone.  I might introduce two new male character's just to
get Nanami and Shayla-Shayla off of Makoto's back.