Boku no Yume no Shoujo (The Girl of My Dreams), or Keiichi-kun Goes Off on an Ego 
Trip

A self-insertion fanfic by Keiichi Masaki
(Keiichi_dono@hotmail.com, Keiichi_dono@scifianime.com)

None of the characters, situations, or devices here are my property--except for Miyuki-
chan (oh, I wish) and my computer--and belong to the following companies and writers 
(hope I get them all): Pioneer, AIC, Animeigo, Kousuke Fujishima, Rumiko Takahashi, 
VIZ Communications, A.D.Vision, Gainax, Suncoast, Microsoft, the U.S. Department of 
Defense, NASA.... have I left anybody out? ^^
	

Chapter 1: Here Comes Miyuki


	There was another party tonight, this one at the Masaki house.  Tenchi and 
Kiyone were celebrating their fifth wedding anniversary--and if they hadn't stopped 
acting like newlyweds by now, they probably never would.
	It was a fun and successful party, but there was one person there who wasn't 
having quite as good a time as the rest.  He stood on the porch, looking out at the lake and 
the stars.  Like everyone else there, he was dressed in a suit.  Stocky and dark-haired with 
the mass of brown tied back in a ponytail, he was best described as a Ryoji Kaji minus 
the stubble (most days ^^) and plus a mustache.
	"Keiichi-sensei?"
	Keiichi Masaki turned to see a young man standing behind him.  Dark-haired and 
somewhat bishonen-ish, he sported a barely noticeable pair of fangs and a yellow 
bandanna with black polka dots--the only thing marring his semi-formal demeanor. "Oh, 
Ryoga-kun.  Come on over."
	The two men watched the quiet stillness of night for a long moment.  Finally 
Ryoga asked, "What'cha doing out here?"
	"Just.... getting some fresh air.  But you, how’re you and Ukyo?"
	Ryoga smiled at the very mention of his wife’s name.  "Uk-chan?  We’re just 
great.  Did you know that she’s pregnant?"
	"Congratulations."  The fanfic writer’s voice was sincere, but Ryoga could tell 
there was something being unsaid.
	After a moment, he asked, as subtly as he could manage, "You’re here alone?"
	Keiichi sighed.  "Yep, always alone..." He laughed.  "Don’t complain, Ryoga-
kun.  If it wasn’t for that, you and Ukyo might not be together."
	"There’s no one at all?"
	Keiichi shrugged.  "Don’t worry.  I’m just fine...."
	Ryoga, however, sensed otherwise.
	He told Ukyo as much that night as they prepared for bed.  "It’s just so sad, Uk-
chan.  He’s such a nice guy--if it wasn’t for him, Tenchi and Kiyone probably never 
would have gotten together--but he was the only one at the party without someone."
	Ukyo snuggled closer to her husband.  "I know, Ryo-chan.... but what can we do 
about it?"
	Ryoga’s brow was furrowed in concentration.  "Let’s talk to Tofu-sensei and 
Washu-san tomorrow."

	And so it began.
	Over next several "weeks" (as they pass in the real world; being fictional 
characters, Ryoga and company were not constrained by time as we know it), various 
plans and operations were set in motion, all directed at one overriding goal: removing the 
slight melancholy from Keiichi-sensei’s face.

	On Jurai, in the Royal Palace:
	"....so that’s where he came up with that!"  Kiyone Masaki, Empress of Jurai, had 
just had a mystery solved for her.  "No wonder it shows up so much!"
	"Are you complaining, Kiyone-yoni?" her husband Tenchi inquired.  He came up 
behind her and hugged her round the waist, drawing a fit of delighted giggles from her.
	"Of course not!  Now, I suppose we’ll want to include that little piece...."

	In the Geofront, underneath Tokyo-3, in an alternate universe:
	"Hmm...." Shinji Ikari smiled at his wife.  "Hikari-chan, you’d be almost perfect 
for the job...."
	Hikari Ikari blushed.  "Thank you, Shin-kun.  I suppose I would fit at that."
	"I suppose you'll provide quite a bit of template for this project--" 
Hikari dropping into his lap and starting to kiss him cut off Shinji's words.  
Kensuke, who had been about to enter his Commander's office, stopped in his 
tracks and spun around; this was a familiar sight, the Supreme Commander making out 
with his Special Assistant (a.k.a. wife).

In a house next to a shrine near a certain Japanese technical college:
	Keiichi Morisato shook his head and grinned wryly.  "I feel a little weird here, 
trying to set up another Keiichi...."
	"Now, now, Kei," assured Belldandy, "he's a very nice young man, and here's our 
chance to do something for him."  She looked down at the already half-filled notebook.  
"Now, what else does he like in a girl?"

	In a laboratory in an upper-class neighborhood in Tokyo:
	"Onii-chan?  Where are you--oh, there you are!" Marie Karigari walked into 
Hiroshi’s lab, wrapped her arms around the neck of her seated "brother," and proceeded 
to kiss him thoroughly.  
	"Marie...." Hiroshi Karigari was not angry in the least, however.  Instead, he 
pulled his "little sister" into his lap and respond in a similar action.  Finally, after both of 
them were good and sweaty, he asked in a breathless voice, "Yes, Marie?"
	"I was just wondering if you had completed the personality matrices yet, onii-
chan."
	"Just about, just about.  Does Washu-san want them now?"
	Marie shrugged.  "She’s almost done with her end.  Since you and her are 
handling the bulk of the tech side, time is at a bit of a premium."
	Hiroshi sighed.  "If she calls again, tell her they’ll be done by tomorrow.  Now...."
His face took on a mischievous grin.  "We have more important things to plan."
	Marie looked up, her face surprisingly coy.  "Oh?"
	"Where do you want to go for our hondeymoon?"
	"Sugoi!"  Marie resumed kissing Hiroshi.

	In a closet, in Okayama:
	Washu laughed, although most of the craziness was gone.  "Ha ha!  I've done it!"
	Nobuyuki leaned down and kissed the top of her forehead.  "Done?"
	"Just about.  Take a look."  Part of the partition rolled down, enough for 
Nobuyuki to see inside.  He nodded in approval.  "Yes!  She's perfect!  Now all we need 
to do is deliver."

	In an apartment in Salem, Oregon:
	Keiichi Masaki booted up his computer, made sure everything was set up, and 
clicked on Chemeketa Online.  Soon he was online, and he noticed that he had an ICQ 
message blinking in the lower-right-hand corner--more accurately, a file request.  
	Shrugging, he clicked on it.
	He then spent the next hour and a half waiting for the file transfer to come 
through.
	*What the hell is this?* he thought.  *Does Kthardin send me more Tenchi-Kiyone 
doujinshi?  Does Eternal need another fic preread?*  
	Finally it finished--and the computer screen shot a beam of pure blue across the 
room, barely missing Keiichi.  The beam slammed into the screen door and expanded on 
contact, until the screen door was covered by opaque blue.
	And out of that blue stepped a girl.
	She was dressed in a blue and white sailor fuku, with a red tie around her neck.  
Her chestnut hair fell to her waist, and her brown eyes were sparkling with life and cheer.  
Her features were definitely Oriental.  She was the most perfect combination and 
sublimation of all of Keiichi's favorite women, whether anime or real-life.
	She was perfect.
	Her eyes met Keiichi's, and suddenly took on another level of life.
	She actually blushed.
	"Masaki Keiichi-sensei?" she asked.
	"Uhh.... yes...."
	"Sugoi!"  The girl literally threw herself into Keiichi's lap and started plastering 
his face with kisses.  "Hi, Keiichi-sama!"
	"Hu--mmph.... mmm...." Anything Keiichi might have said was cut off by her 
insistent kissing.  After a few minutes, he gave up trying to talk.
	Finally, she broke away and smiled at him.
	Keiichi couldn't help but return the smile.  "Hello, there.... um, if you don't mind 
my asking, who are you?"
	She giggled adorably.  "Silly boy!  I'm your wife, Keiichi-sama!"  
	Keiichi sweatdropped.
	A big sweatdrop.
	It took him a moment to regain the power of speech.  "Ano.... what's your name?"
	She looked confused.  "Name?"
	"Well, yeah.  What do I call you?"
	"I don't have a name."
	"You don’t have a name?"
	The girl shook her head.
	Keiichi thought for a moment.  "I could try and give you a name, if you like."
	The girl nodded her head excitedly.  "Okay!  What would you like to call me, 
Keiichi-sama?"
	Keiichi smiled.  "You don’t hafta call me ‘-sama.’  Just ‘Keiichi’ or ‘Kei-chan’ 
will do."
	"I like calling you ‘Keiichi-sama’!" she protested.  "Is it okay if I do that for a 
while?"
	"All right, whatever you want.  Now, let’s see.... what would be a good name for 
you.... I’ve got it!"  Keiichi smiled.  "How does ‘Miyuki’ sound to you?  You look like a 
‘Miyuki’...."
	"Kakkoi!"  The newly-dubbed Miyuki started kissing Keiichi again.  This time, 
the kisses were more than merely affectionate and playful; they possessed a genuine 
urgency and desire.  When she finally pulled back, her cheeks were flushed, and Keiichi 
was absolutely shocked to see that--
	"Let’s go to bed," she said sweetly.
	"Nani?!?!?" Keiichi almost passed out.
	Miyuki started kissing him again, focusing on his collarbone this time.  Keiichi 
had heard stories about how the very touch of a woman could make men go mad, but 
he’d never known how true that could be.... "A-all right.... we’ll set you up in my room....
and I can crash on the couch tonight--"
	Miyuki pouted.
	Keiichi, who had already been getting turned on by this girl, was now very turned 
on--and more to the point, he was already falling in love with her.  "But if you really 
want to.... um.... share a bed.... that’s okay too...."
	"I’m your wife now," she told him playfully, "and I’m never going to let you 
sleep alone again.  Is that clear?"
	"Um, yes, ma’am."
	"Good.  Now say good-night to your friends, and I’ll get the bed ready."  Miyuki 
rose from Keiichi’s lap and bent over to tie her left shoe.
	Keiichi gulped as he got a clear view up her skirt--white, cotton, bikini-cut pa--
*No!  I can’t think that!  I won’t let myself thi--*
	"I’ll be waiting...." Miyuki said in a coy voice, as she walked towards Keiichi’s 
room.
	Keiichi gulped yet again and turned back to his computer.

	Next morning:
	"Kei?  You awake yet?"  Keiichi’s old friend, cowriter, and roommate Chi-ohki 
eased open his partner’s door.  "Good god, man, what the hell have you been--"
	He stopped in his tracks as he saw an unconscious girl wrapped around his 
compatriot.
	This was no ordinary girl, however.  She looked like she had just stepped out of a 
TV screen, as if someone had taken all of Keiichi’s favorite anime girls and mixed them 
together into an optimal form....
	Keiichi slowly opened his eyes, which widened as he saw who was standing in 
the doorway.  "What th--Chi?!"
	The girl yawned and sat up, the sheets spilling into her lap.  She wasn’t wearing a 
top, and Chi was wondering how much of the rest of her was uncovered.  She leaned over 
and kissed Keiichi on the mouth.  "Ohayoo, Keiichi-sama."
	Chi’s jaw dropped to the floor.  "Kei, what the hell is going on here?"
	The girl giggled and snuggled closer to Keiichi.  "I’m Keiichi-sama’s wife!"
	Chi fainted.
	Keiichi sighed.  "Oh boy...."

	End Chapter 1

	Author’s notes:  Don’t ask.  Please, I mean it, don’t ask.  I’m debating whether or 
not to continue this; a large part of that decision will be dependent on reader response.  
Please C&C me.
	Also, if anyone would be willing to try to draw a pic of Miyuki-chan, please do 
so.
	

	
