Konnichiwa! ^_^ I hope you all enjoyed the first
episode. I have gotten some nice comments on it and I
really appreciate it. BTW, is ther anyone out there
besides me that has really seen the PS TV series? I've
seen the 2nd and 3rd OAVs and the entire TV series. I
was just curious.
Ja ne!

Sakuya-sama ^_^ no Jurai

Bishoujo Senshi Sailor Juraihelm
Episode 2

        The scene goes from sea level on the beautiful,
magical planet Juraihelm on up, past the clouds, up
several floors, up still a little further, and finally
reaches the tip-top of the extremely tall tower of the
castle of Juraihelm.
Ryo-ohki nervously walks down the royal hallway of the
palace.
        "I wonder why Tsunami wanted to see me," he thinks,
"I hope she’s not mad at me or anything... I guess I
shouldn’t feel so weird about it really... I mean, I
have known her for a long time... but it’s different
now.... She’s the queen..." Ryo-ohki stops, seeing a
familiar figure walking ahead of him down the
corridor. "Rumiya?" he says.
        Hearing his name called, the boy turns around,
"Ryo-ohki? What are you doing here?"
        "Tsunami said she wanted to see me," he answers,
"What about you?"
        "She asked me to come, too."
        "I wonder what this is all about...."
        "I don’t know, but we’ll soon find out."
        The boys have come to the throne room doors. Rumiya
pushes a button on an intercom.
        "Who is it?" a voice asks.
        "I-it’s me, Rumiya... and Ryo-ohki..."
        "The queen has been expecting you," it answers, "come
right in."
        The door slides open in a Star Trek fashion and the
pair proceed through. They continue into the room,
down the carpeted walkway lined with hundreds of
beautiful, vibrantly-colored species of flowers.
        "Tsunami certainly has made herself at home here...,"
Ryo-ohki says, thinking out loud.
        They drop to one knee and bow as soon as they reach
the end where Tsunami is seated on her throne, the
crown of Juraihelm resting on her head.
        "You boys are so polite!!" Tsunami smiles broadly,
"Please, stand up."
        "R-Ramia....?!" Rumiya exclaims, suddenly noticing
his older sister standing next to the queen, "What are
you doing here?"
        "Welcome, onii-chan...," she says cooly.
        "Your sister is my second in command," Tsunami says,
still smiling, "Isn’t it wonderful? Since I’m queen, I
can work side-by-side with my best friends if I want
to! And Ramia is my closest friend of all!"
        Ramia grimaces, the veins in her head throbbing.
        "She stuck by me through the whole ordeal with Pixy
Misa and then with Romio, too," she continues, "She’s
the only one I can really trust."
        Everyone but Tsunami, who still has a pleasant smile
plastered on her face, sweatdrops.
        "She still doesn’t get it, does she?" Ryo-ohki says
under his breath.
        Rumiya sighs and shakes his head. "Uh, well... May I
ask you why you called us here, Queen Tsunami...?" he
says straightening up.
        "Oh yes! I almost forgot!" she turns to Ramia,
"Ready, Ramia?"
        "Let’s do it," Ramia nods.
        The two snap their fingers simultaneously.
        There are two small ‘poofs’ of pinkish smoke.
"WHA....?!" the boys exclaim, suddenly finding
themselves in bird and cabbit form. They tug and pull
at the fur and feathers that have replaced their skin.
        "But Queen Tsunami.... why?!" Ryo-ohki asks.
"We’re sending you back to earth," Ramia answers.
"Look," Tsunami points up.
        Rumiya and Ryo-ohki look to see the scale Gemini
hanging above the throne, greatly unbalanced in the
evil side’s favor.
        "Aah! The balance has dropped again?!" Ryo-ohki says
almost in disbelief, "What’s happened this time?"
        "Onee-san!" Rumiya scolds.
        "What do you mean saying ‘onee-san’ in a tone like
that?!" she takes hold of her brother strangling his
bird neck. She throws him to the ground and twists her
foot upon him. She continues by punting him across the
room. He smashes into the wall clear at the other
side. Somewhat satisfied, Ramia brushes her hands
together and returns to her place beside Tsunami.
        "We need Pretty Sammy and Pixy Misa and they’re going
to need your help," Tsunami says, completely ignoring
all other goings-on. With that, the magical batons of
each girl appear.
"We’re really going back...?!" Rumiya asks, peeling
himself off the wall. He returns to his
three-dimensional state and flies back, an excited
sparkle in his bird eyes. He turns to Ryo-ohki. They
high-five each other, wing to paw.
With another ‘poof’ they find themselves as well as
the batons inside bubbles. A magical portal opens
showing the Earth. The bubbles are whisked through it
and it closes behind them.
"Wait a minute...," Ryo-ohki stops laughing and
cheering, coming to a realization, "They didn’t tell
us what we’re supposed to help them with...."
***
        Meanwhile, back at the home of Mamoru Chiba, the
group circles around Luna and Artemis once again as
they begin to explain.
        Luna takes a deep breath and begins, "A long time
ago, there were a total of ten planets in our solar
system. The tenth planet was Earth’s twin planet."
        "Twin planet?!"
"It’s name was Juraihelm."
"The people of the moon were actually from Juraihelm,"
Artemis picks up the story, "Some of the people from
Juraihelm moved to the Earth’s moon to colonize it and
created their own civilization there. They chose
Usagi’s mother, Serenity as their queen."
"Queen Serenity was the sister of Queen Misaki, the
first queen of Juraihelm," Luna says, "Queen Serenity
married Yosho of Juraihelm, and he became the king of
the moon."
"The moon had a king...?" Usagi blinks.
"Of course the moon had a king!" Rei says, "What did
you think, a stork brought you from heaven or
something?"
"Juraihelm and Earth helped the people of the moon to
build their cities and colonize the moon," Artemis
says, "It wasn’t long before the colonization of the
moon was complete."
"Within this time, the king and queen of the moon gave
birth to a princess, as did the other rulers of each
planet," Luna says, "The moon princess, Usagi, grew
up, fell in love with Mamoru... uh... I mean Prince
Edymion of the Earth, and the two were planning to get
married..."
"*sigh* I love that part!" Usagi says, fluttering her
eyelashes at Mamo-chan.
"... But that’s when the Negaverse began its attack on
the Earth," Artemis says.
Usagi gulps.
"Although most were very pleased with it, the
Negaverse was very much against the marriage of the
moon princess and Earth prince," he continues, "The
people of Earth fought tirelessly against them, but it
was useless."
"The other princesses, or Sailor Senshi, of each
planet in the solar system, including Juraihelm, came
to the Earth’s aid to battle the Negaverse," Luna
says, "In the end, the Sailor Senshi won the battle,
but in turn, had all died. Using the rest of her
remaining power, Queen Serenity was able to send each
of the senshi to the Earth to be reborn there and
protect the Earth when the time came that the evil
ones would rise again."
"If this story is true, then why is there no record of
this Juraihelm in any astronomy books?" Ami inquires.
"This was too long ago for it to be in any astronomy
book that could still exist today," Luna explains.
"However," Artemis says, "as another result of the
battle, the gravitational force that held the twin
planets Earth and Juraihelm together was destroyed,
causing Juraihelm to wander into another part of the
universe, far from the Earth and moon."
 "Why haven’t you mentioned any of this stuff before?"
Rei asks.
"We didn’t believe it was important," Luna says, "We
haven’t been in contact with Juraihelm since. No one
knew what happened to it. It has only recently begun
to reenter the Earth’s orbit."
"So basically what you’re saying is that the princess
of Juraihelm may very well be here on Earth now?" Ami
says.
"Exactly. And if she is, we should search for her,"
Luna says, "It is your next mission... to find the
princess of the tenth planet.... The bishoujo senshi
Sailor Juraihelm...."