Yeah! ^_^ I re-watched some of PS and found out the
name to her school! ^_^ Yippee! Now, *finally*, w/out
further ado, the 1st ep. and the slightly revised
prologue of Bishoujo Senshi Sailor Juraihelm.

Sakuya-sama ^_^ no Jurai

Bishoujo Senshi Sailor Juraihelm
A Pretty Sammy (TV)/ Sailor Moon X-over
written by
Heather McNully AKA Sakuya Misaki AKA Ran-chan

--PROLOGUE

Juraihelm and Earth were once twin planets. They
circled the same sun along with all of the other
planets: Mercury, Venus, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus,
Neptune, and Pluto. Some of the people from Juraihelm
moved to the Earth’s moon and created their own
civilization to start new lives for themselves. The
people, in time, created a new government and such on
the moon. Their ways were much like those of
Juraihelm. They had even chosen a young woman with
very strong magical force, named Serenity, as their
queen. She married a young man of Juraihelm and
together they led the moon in a time of peace.
The colonies on the moon developed and grew over time.
The queen and king of the moon had even given birth to
a princess. The development of the moon seemed to grow
along with the young princess. As the years went by,
the Earth, Juraihelm, and the moon lived together in
an alliance, almost a Utopia. In fact, the princess of
the moon and the prince from the Earth had fallen in
love and had planned on getting married. Many people
saw the
marriage as a tighter bond between the planets and
were very happy about the union, but there were those
who were not so pleased with this.
They were the outcasts. Numerous criminals who had
been banished for the misuse of magic. In this era,
everyone had some magical abilities in them, but these
few chose to use theirs for evil. These criminals also
began to create their own civilization. They had even
chosen their own queen to lead them into battle. They
spent years building up their forces in secret until
the day finally came when they were strong enough to
attack the Earth. They utilized its power to attempt
to overthrow both the moon and Juraihelm. The people
of Earth fought against them, but it was useless. The
princesses of each planet in the solar system,
including Juraihelm, used their vast amounts of
magical powers and came to the Earth’s aid. In the
end, Queen Serenity of the moon had lost her daughter
as had the queens and kings of the other planets.
Using the rest of the power remaining in her dying
body, Queen Serenity was able to send each of their
daughters to the Earth to be reborn there and protect
the Earth when the time came that the evil ones would
rise again. As another result of this war, however,
the force that held the twin planets Earth and
Juraihelm together was destroyed, causing Juraihelm to
wander into another part of the universe, far from the
Earth and moon.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Bishoujo Senshi Sailor Juraihelm
Episode 1

        "Come on, Misao! I’ll race you!"
        "No fair, Sasami, you got a head start!"
        School has just let out for the day as Sasami and
Misao race to the ice cream store down the street.
        "Ryo-ohki, you slowpo-....," Sasami says
instinctually. She stops herself, suddenly realizing
what she’s saying.
        "You miss him, don’t you, Sasami-chan?" Misao says.
Catching up to Sasami and placing a hand on her
friend’s shoulder.
        "It’s just a force of habit I guess...," she says
with a sad sort of twinge in her voice, "I guess I’m
still not used to him being gone...."
A lot has happened to Sasami and Misao in the past
year. The life of a mahou shoujo is never an
uneventful one. Sasami and Misao... er... Pretty Sammy
and Pixy Misa joined forces and saved the Earth from
colliding with the sun by destroying the evil Romio’s
NT system. As a result, balance was returned to Gemini
only to be undone once again by Romio. This time, they
had to travel to Mars where Romio had taken over. With
Romio finally gone, the balance was restored and
Tsunami was able to take the throne as queen of
Juraihelm. Ryo-ohki returned to his home on Juraihelm.
Sasami hasn’t heard word from him since. Their lives
have been able to return to normal. (Well... as normal
as their lives can be.)
Sasami suddenly begins to run again. She stops and
turns to Misao with a smile. "Well, aren’t you
coming?"
        Misao smiles back and takes off after her.
        "Last one there has to pay!" Sasami turns and calls
behind her.
        "Sasami, watch out!!" Misao gasps.
Sasami faces forward, but it’s too late. She finds her
face smashed against somebody’s stomach. The wind
knocked out of both of them, they fall to the ground
with a ‘thud’ and several ‘splats’.
Crossing her eyes, Sasami can see a stream of
strawberry ice cream trickling down her nose. She
reaches her hand to her head only to squish it in the
sticky mess on top. She puts her hand to the ground to
balance her as she stands only to squish another scoop
of ice cream.
An ear-splitting scream causes her to clasp her sticky
hands over her ears. Once the initial shock of the
sound is gone, she turns to see the person she ran
into. Judging by her uniform, the girl is from the
nearby junior high school. She, too, sits in a puddle
of ice cream, two smashed cones lay by each of her
hands. The ice cream is all over her uniform and face.
It flows down her blonde pigtails as she wails.
"Are... are you okay...?" Sasami says offering to help
her up.
"Usagi!" a group of about four other junior high
school girls rush from the ice cream parlor to see the
scene of destruction.
"What happened?" one of them asks.
"I’m so sorry!" Sasami says fretfully, "It was all my
fault. I wasn’t watching where I was going...."
"Don’t worry. It was an accident," a second says.
"I-is she all right? Did I break something?"
"No, she’s fine," says a third.
"Don’t let her upset you. She’s just a big cry baby,"
says the fourth.
"I am not, Rei-chan!" the girl suddenly stops her
bawling and snaps. She starts to sniffle and gradually
works up to crying again. "She ruined the ice cream I
was going to take to Mamo-chan!"
The girls all let out a unanimous groan.
"Don’t lie, Usagi! You were going to eat that all
yourself!"
"Sasami, are you all right?" Misao asks.
"Yeah... I’m okay..."
"Here, let’s get you cleaned up a little before that
ice cream sets in and stains your uniform," one of
them says to Sasami.
"Okay..."
The older girls help their friend and Sasami into a
nearby public bathroom, Misao following close behind.
Helping Sasami up onto one of the counters next to the
sink, two of the girls take a couple of wet rags and
begin to clean as much of the ice cream off of her as
possible.
"Oh! We haven’t introduced ourselves yet, have we?"
the blonde one with the red bow in her hair says. "My
name is Minako Aino and this is Makoto Kino."
Sasami nods to them both.
"I’m Rei Hino," the girl with long, black hair
continues where the other left off, "this is Ami
Mizuno, and the squalling brat here is Usagi Tsukino."

"Shut up, Rei!" Usagi yells, "Don’t call me names!"
"Oh, yeah," Rei challenges, "What are you gonna do
about it?"
"Lemme at her, lemme at her!!" Usagi struggles as Ami
and Makoto try keep her from pouncing on Rei.
"Hey, you guys! Act your age, not your IQ!" Minako
snaps.
"Uhh.... um...," Sasami stammers, not sure that it is
safe to talk yet, "my name is Sasami Kawai and this is
my best friend, Misao Amano."
"It’s nice to meet you all," Misao says, "You’re from
Juuban   Junior High School, aren’t you? I recognized
your uniforms."
"That’s right, all except for Rei over there," Makoto
says.
"Hey! That’s the Umi no Hoshi Elementary uniform! It’s
right around the corner from our school. I used to go
there," Usagi chimes in, "What grade are you in?"
"We’re in fourth," Sasami answers.
"Well, it looks like that’s about all I can do,"
Minako says, "You should get home quickly and have
your mom wash this before it has time to set."
"Okay," Sasami hops down off the counter. "Thank you
all so much," she bows.
"You’re welcome," Makoto smiles.
"Uh... Sasami-chan...," Usagi says, "I want to
apologize to you, too... I wasn’t watching where I was
going either. Please forgive me!"
"How about as an apology for our friends clumsy nature
we treat you both to some ice cream tomorrow after
school?" Rei offers.
"Really?!" Misao and Sasami say in unison.
"Sure."
"Thank you!" Sasami says, "We’ve gotta be going now.
Bye!"
"Bye!"
The two girls dash out the bathroom door.
"Those girls seem so nice!" Usagi says, "Why isn’t
Chibiusa ever that nice?"
"Because she takes after you," Rei says.
"Why you...," Usagi is cut off by a beeping from Ami’s
pocket.
"It must be Luna," Ami says pulling her communicator
out of her pocket and turning it on. They all crowd
around it. "Hi, Luna. What’s up?"
"I thought you were going to be back by now. Where
have you been?" the cat says.
"We... had a little accident...," Ami says.
"What happened?"
"We stopped for ice cream and Usagi ran into someone
and her
ice cream went everywhere," Makoto says, "It was a big
mess!"
        "Well, please hurry. Artemis and I have several
things we need to discuss!" she says.
        "What’s so urgent, Luna?"
"We’ll tell you when you’re all gathered. Meet us over
at Mamoru’s apartment."
        "Yeah!! I get to see Mamo-chan!" Usagi cheers. "But I
can’t go over there looking like this! I’ve got ice
cream all over me...."
        "Why don’t we all go home and change out of our
school clothes?" Ami says,      "Let’s meet over there in
about one hour."
        "All right then," Luna says.
"And when we say one hour, Usagi, we mean ONE HOUR!!"
Rei commands.
***
        "Bye, Misao. I’ll see you tomorrow," Sasami says
opening the front gate of her house.
        Misao waves and continues down the sidewalk.
        "I’m home!" Sasami calls out as she enters her home,
removing her shoes at the door.
        "Hi, Sasami! So how was your day at school tod-...,"
Honoka almost drops the pot in her hand, suddenly
seeing her daughter’s ice cream splotched uniform.
"What happened, Sasami? Are you all right?"
        "Misao and I were going to the ice cream store and I
accidentally bumped into someone who was coming out of
the store," Sasami says, "Sorry, mom."
        "Don’t worry about it, Sasami," she smiles, "Just go
upstairs and get into the bath."
        "Okay."
        "Hi, Papa!" Sasami says passing him in the hallway.
        Ginji runs his finger against the back of Sasami’s
ear and tastes it, "Chocolate!" he deducts, "You’ve
got ice cream coming out your ears!"
        "Papa...," Sasami giggles. She continues on her way
to her the bath.
Once inside, she slips out of her uniform, laying it
in the basket just inside the door. She starts the
bath water running and sits down to wash her long,
blue hair. Before entering the tub, she ties her hair
into two tidy buns on the side of her head.
        "What a day....," she sighs to herself as she settles
into the warm bubble bath. "I wonder how Ryo-ohki is
doing....," she thinks, absentmindedly poking at
bubbles with her finger, "I haven’t heard anything
from him in a while... he promised to keep in touch,
but I guess since we live on different planets it’s a
bit harder.... I keep expecting him to just appear out
of nowhere or come running down the sidewalk or
something..."
        After she is fully soaked and her fingers and toes
are pruny, Sasami leaves the tub, dries herself with a
towel, and changes into her carrot pajamas.
She makes her way to her room and flops onto her bed.
        " o/` La la la la la lalalalalala... o/` ," she hears
singing to guitar music from outside her window.
        "Konbanwa, Washu-sensei," she says pulling back the
curtains and opening her window to see the young
genius scientist sitting on her balcony, guitar in
hand.
"Hello, Pretty Sammy," Washu says putting her pinkie
to her cheek.
        "Don’t call me that! I’m not a magical girl anymore.
I haven’t been for a while now..."
        "Whatever you say, Pretty Sammy," Washu replies,
still strumming the guitar. "Whether or not you’re a
magical girl, there are still magical forces present.
My research shows that there are more magical girls.
Within a radius of about a kilometer or two from here,
in fact."
        "Really?" Sasami says, "Have you found them yet?"
        "Nope. Not yet, but I know I’m very close," she says.
"Say, Pretty Sammy, would you like to come over
tomorrow for some tea?"
        Even from across the way, Sasami can see the evil
glint in Washu’s eyes. "Uhh... Acutually, I’ve got
plans tomorrow after school, but thanks anyway,"
Sasami laughs nervously. "Umm... I think my mom’s
calling me.... heh heh.... Bye!" Sasami quickly closes
the window and curtains.
        " o/` Mahou shoujo! I know you’re out there
somewhere! o/` " Washu continues to sing, "o/` I will
find yoooooouuuu!! O/`"
***
        "She’s late.... as usual..."
"Of course! You don’t think she would want to break
her perfect record and be here on time, do you?"
The Sailor Scouts sit in Mamoru’s apartment, waiting
for the final member of their team who is, as always,
late. The sun has set and the blue night sky is draped
over the city.
        *ding-dong*
        Mamoru goes to answer the door.
        "Konbanwa, Mamo-chan!!" Usagi happily throws her arms
around his neck.
"Mamo-chan!" Chibiusa imitates, hugging his waist.
Usagi’s happy-go-lucky expression turns to fear as she
sees the angry group of girls standing behind him.
        "Where have you been, Usagi?"
        "I thought we agreed on an hour!"
        "I know, I know... I’m sorry..."
"Well, Rei-chan, I don’t think any of us got here
within an hour...," Ami points out, "In fact, before
Usagi, you were the last one to arrive..."
        "Ami!" Rei snaps.
        "...I did bring you all some of my mom’s homemade
cookies...," Usagi offers in hopes to be forgiven.
        "No way, Usagi!" Rei scolds, "Don’t think you can
just weasel your way out of this with-...." She
suddenly realizes she has no one backing her up. The
rest of the girls are happily rummaging through the
bag of cookies.
        "These are great, Usagi!"
        "Your mom makes some of the best cookies!"
"Isn’t anybody listening to me?!" Rei huffs.
"My mother is so embarrassing....," Chibiusa mumbles.
"Never mind all of this...," Luna says with a
frustrated sigh, "We’ve got more important matters at
hand."
        "Come, all of you, please sit down," Artemis says.
        The few who remain standing quickly seat themselves
on the plush purple chairs in Mamoru’s one-room
apartment. Luna and Artemis leap onto the coffee table
in the center.
        "What is all this about? You two seems so serious
about all this," Minako asks.
        "This is a serious matter," Artemis says.
        "How should we begin this....," Luna says
thoughtfully, "Here, come with me to the window."
        Rising from their seats, they follow the cats to the
sliding glass door and step out onto the balcony.
        "It’s so pretty out tonight," Minako says.
        "You can see all the stars in the sky...," Rei says.
        "To say you could see all the stars in the sky would
be inaccurate," Ami corrects, "It is impossible to see
all the stars because there are billions and billions
of them in the universe."
        They all heave a sigh.
        "Wow! The moon looks so big and beautiful out
tonight!" Usagi says, "Isn’t it so romantic?" she
moves in closer to her Mamo-chan.
        "That isn’t the moon, Usagi...," Artemis says.
        "Eh?"
        "So that’s one of the planets?" Rei asks.
        "I suppose you could say that...," Luna says.
"Really? I didn’t think you could see any of them like
that without a telescope," Mamoru says.
"So which one is it?" Chibiusa asks.
"That’s just what we need to talk to you all
about...," Luna says.
"That planet... is the tenth planet of our solar
system...," Artemis says, "That is the planet
Juraihelm...."

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++