Butthead Muyo
*Part 2*

By The Old Took

*Disclaimer*

I do not own these characters; they are the property of AIC and
Pioneer LDC.  "Beavis & Butthead" were created by Mike Judge and
are controlled by MTV.  This is not done for any profit, just
cheap laughs.  If you're from any of these companies, please don't
sue, I have no money.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Last time...

On an otherwise normal day, Tenchi comes home to find that the mad
scientist Washu has installed a marvelous new satellite dish on the
roof that gets any and every channel out there.  But there's an
accident, and Tenchi winds up unconscious.  What the hell is going
on?  Find out now!

---------------------------------------------------------------------

"WASHU!"

Ryoko walked into the lab and carefully laid Tenchi's still form
upon the nearest table.  Her face was ashen.

"WASHU!"

"What is it, can't you see I'm busy?"  Washu called out from behind
a pile of charred and broken equipment.

"Tenchi, he's...hurt," Ryoko said softly, on the verge of breaking
down.

Ayeka shot a glance at Ryoko.  "Yes, Miss Ryoko, please do tell us
just what you've done to him this time."

Ryoko turned and stared at the princess.  Her face was livid.

"Don't you even start with me..." Ryoko hissed out under her breath.

The pirate's eyes glowed like smoldering coals and the look she gave
to Ayeka made the princess forget about her nit-picking for the
moment.  But only for the moment.

"All right, what's going on...Sweet Tsunami!  What the hell
happened?" yelled Washu.

Ryoko replied in a low voice, "I heard an explosion in the living
room, and when I got there, Tenchi was just laying there."

"In the living room, eh?  As you can see, there was a little
mishap in here as well.  I guess that sent an energy feedback
into the entertainment system.  Makes sense."

Washu looked Tenchi over and scanned him.

"He doesn't look too bad, no major damage.  I'd say he got off
lucky.  We'll just let him rest here for the night and I think
he'll be fine by morning."

Everyone's mood seemed to lift and the gloom in their hearts
passed.  Still, they worried for Tenchi.  Especially Ryoko.

"Washu, I'm going to stay here until he wakes up."

The mad scientist replied, "Fine, just don't bother him or me.
I've got a lot of work to do."

The hours passed long and slow for everyone as time drew out to
a razor's edge through the rest of the night.  No one slept and
all anticipated the coming of the dawn.

                              * * *

At last the sun peeked over the hills and flooded the Masaki
home with its warm embrace.  Everyone hurried to the lab
to see if Tenchi was awake.  They crowded around the bed Ryoko
had put him on after Washu had examined him.

The minutes ticked by.  No one said anything, except for Washu
away in a corner of the lab who was laughing to herself.  At
last Tenchi began to stir.

"Unh"

His eyes slowly opened, then widened.

"Uhh, huh huh huh.  Whoah!  There's like, a bunch of chicks
around me.  This rules!"

Everyone stared down at him.  While what he said made perfect
sense to him, it came out as gibberish to everyone else.

Sasami asked if anyone knew what he just said.  Of course they
didn't, as they didn't speak English (or at least the Beavis &
Butthead version of it).

Tenchi sat up.  "Dammit, what the hell are you staring at?
Where's Beavis?  That fartknocker still owes me a dollar."

Mihoshi: "Huh?"

Washu walks over to the group with some small devices in her
hands.  "My computer says that Tenchi is speaking English, but
with a rather peculiar American dialect.  These will help.  Each
of you put one of these in your ears.  They are earth-language
translators and we should be able to understand what Tenchi is
saying."

Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, and Washu each put one of the tiny
devices in one of their ears.  Tenchi took one, looked at it, and
stuck it up his nose.  Washu walked behind him and gave him a
hard slap on the back.  The device came flying out of his nose and
clattered onto the floor.  Washu used a pair of tweezers to pick
it up and, while holding his head with an incredibly strong grip,
inserted it into Tenchi's ear.

"You girls may leave now.  I need to examine Tenchi further to
understand what's going on here."

The girls hesitated, then silently walked out of the lab.  Washu
turned to Tenchi.

"Come with me Tenchi."

"Who the hell is Tenchi?  Uh, I'm Butthead."

"Butthead is it?  Whoever, you need an examination."

"Uh, that's okay dude.  I don't need one."

"Yes you do.  There's something wrong.  You're speaking English."

"Yeah, so?"

"So,...I need to give you a physical."

Tenchi's eyes bugged out as Washu transformed into her mature
form.  He began to laugh.  Washu led him away to another area
of the lab, all while he was still laughing and turning red.

Washu brought him to an upright examination table.

"Alright, Butthead.  Undress...wow, that was fast."

"Uhh, huh huh huh, this is it.  I'm going to score."

"Sure you are.  Just step towards the table, that's it."

With unbelievable speed, she strapped him onto the table.  All
the while, she felt his eyes all over her and she began to feel
rather repulsed.  Her skin was crawling and Washu thought that
the sooner this was over the better.  She didn't care much for
this 'Butthead' personality much at all.

The scientific genius pushed a series of buttons and the computers
around her began beeping and blinking their lights as data began
flooding in.

Washu mumbled to herself, "Just as I thought, brainwaves are
completely diffent from the last scan."

Once she had the data she wanted, she reverted back to her
younger form and removed the restraining straps holding Tenchi
to the table.

"Okay, that's all I need from you for now."

"Uh, huh huh, uh, where's that other chick?  You know, the one
with the big thingies."

Washu stared at him with a blank look on her face, then realized
what he was talking about.

"Oh, her, I don't think you'll see her again.  I don't think she
liked you much.  Now, let's get you to your room."

Washu led him out of the lab, making sure that he didn't touch
anything, and took him to his room.

"Phew, gotta get back to the lab.  Looks like this is going to
take awhile."

                          * * *

"Where is he?  Tenchi's never late for breakfast!"  Ryoko
exclaimed between mouthful's of food.

Ayeka stood up.  "I'll go get him."

She walked up the stairs, went to his room, and knocked.  And
she knocked again, and again.  Then she heard a strange laugh
coming out of the room.  Ayeka opened the door and beheld a
strange sight.

The room was in shambles.  Clothes were strewn about everywhere,
and there were several burned patches of carpet.  The curtains
were torn and holes had been punched through the walls.  Tenchi,
wearing a pair of red shorts and a grey t-shirt, stood in the
middle of it all.  He was waving his bokken around and laughing.

He turned around and saw Ayeka staring at him.

"Hey baby, I've got a big stick, uh, huh huh huh."

"Well, yes, that is a long bokken.  Breakfast is ready.  Please
come with me downstairs."

"Uh, okay.  Huh huh, you said long, huh huh huh."

Ayeka brought Tenchi downstairs.  He stood next to the table
laughing.

"Whoah, I live with a bunch of chicks.  This kicks ass!"

Ryoko patted the seat next to her and batted her eyes at him.
Tenchi's face turned red and he ran over and sat down.

The girls were already eating, as they had been waiting for him
for half an hour already.  He looked at the food on the table,
and a scowl appeared on his face.

"Uhhh, what the hell is this crap?  Aren't there any, like, uh,
nachos or something?  This stuff sucks."

Sasami began wailing, while the others' mouths hung open.  A bit
of food fell out of Mihoshi's mouth back onto her plate.  Tenchi
wandered into the kitchen to find something more to his taste.

                              * * *

After dining on a bag of cheeze curls, some potato chips, cookies,
soda, and a few pieces of old jerky, Tenchi began to wander about
looking for something to do.

Ryoko had been following him about and didn't even leave the
table with the others to console Sasami.  She stared at him while
he walked through the house and made little sideways glances
at him.

Tenchi knew that she was looking at him and following him about.

"Hey baby, uh, come to Butthead."

She turned and looked him in the eye, at first appreciative of
this new attention.  She walked over to him and hung off his
shoulder.  Tenchi started laughing and his eyes widened.

Ryoko asked, "Do you want something?"

He turned red and laughed faster.  A trickle of blood began to
run out of his nose.

He seemed surprised.  "Uh, wait a minute.  That's uh, not right.
Dammit, there's something, uh, missing."

Ryoko let him go.  The usual tension between Tenchi and her was
missing, and this new personality of his made her very
uncomfortable.  More than uncomfortable, she was feeling a
little naseaous.

"Uh, this place sucks.  Dammit, where's the TV?  I could be
watching videos."

"Tenchi, er, Butthead, the TV blew up, so there's no videos."

"That sucks.  I'm, uh, going outside or something."

                              * * *

Tenchi was walking outside until he came across a toolshed.
He opened the door and walked inside.  It had a dirt floor
and a smell of oil hung in the air.  It was clean and well
organized, with all the equipment hung or set in their proper
places.  So, the chainsaw was quite easy to spot.

                              * * *

He made his way to the lake and spotted Funaho.

"Huh huh huh, uh, huh huh huh.  This is going to be cool."

The leaves and twigs on Funaho began swaying, even though
there was no wind.  The swaying increased as Tenchi walked
closer.  At the shrine, Yosho's head suddenly jerked up
while he was sweeping.

Tenchi started the chainsaw.  He approached the tree's trunk
and was just about to cut into it when Yosho showed up behind
him.

"Tenchi, what are you doing?"

"Uh, pruning the tree dude."

Tenchi turned around and looked at Yosho.

"It's time for your training, Tenchi.  Come along now."

Yosho thought to himself, "There's something odd going on here.
Odd and very, very wrong."

"My name's Butthead, dude.  Uh, you're old.  Huh huh huh,
do you wear diapers?"

Yosho frowned down at him.  First Tenchi was speaking English.
Second, Tenchi just insulted him.  Yosho whipped out his
bokken and cracked Tenchi on the skull.

"Dammit fartknocker, that hurt!  Cut it out, bunghole!"

Fartknocker?  Bunghole?  Funaho had trouble making a good
translation of these terms.  Yosho would have to look it up
later.

Yosho sighed.  "Come along, 'Butthead,' it's time for training."

"Uh, what training, dude?"

"Sword training."  Yosho hung his head down and muttered to
himself, "My grandson has turned into a gaijin."

"Uh, okay."

The two set off for the shrine and began the climb up the stairs.
Tenchi did not care for the climb.

"This sucks.  There's like, too many steps, or something."

Yosho sighed again.  "Nobody tells me anything anymore."

They finally reached the well-worn training spot.

"Tenchi, er, Butthead, if you prefer, where is your bokken?"

"Uhhhh, my what?"

"Your bokken."

"Nothing's broken dude."

"D'oh!  Your bokken!  Your wooden sword!"

"Huh huh huh huh huh.  You said wood.  Uh, huh huh, I think
it's under the bed.  Huh huh huh."

Yosho was starting to feel rather agitated.  Something about
Tenchi's personality today really annoyed him.

"Alright, here's another one."  Yosho threw a bokken at him.

Tenchi waved at around, neglecting anything resembling a stance.
He then began scratching his butt with it.

Yosho sat down on a stump and held his head in his hands.

"I'm getting too old for this....Tenchi, Butthead, whoever,
you can go home.  Don't get into any trouble.  I need a drink."

"Uhhh, okay."

                                * * *

Tenchi made his way down the hill through the trees while
hacking at things with the bokken.  It was quickly being
stained green and covered with the ruined remains of leaves
and flowers.  After walking for some time, he came to the
road.  There, he found Ryo-ohki.

"CAT BASEBALL!!!"

                                * * *

Ayeka was on her way to the house with a sack of groceries.
Sasami had needed a box of Mr. Sparkle and some other items.
While walking along the road, she saw something that made her
jaw drop.

Tenchi was standing on the side of the road, his eyes narrowed.
He was laughing as he held Ryo-ohki by the ears with one
hand and his bokken with the other.  The cabbit was waving its
paws around and meowing and hissing.

Ayeka quickly recovered from the brutal sight and called out to
Tenchi just as he was getting ready to swing at Ryo-ohki.

"Oh, Lord Tenchi, er, Butthead, would you like to help me with
these groceries?"

Tenchi turned around and replied, "Uhhh, no."

Ayeka pulled a bottle of sake from the grocery bag.

"This is for you if you help me.  It's alcohol.  I know you
want it, Washu told me you'd like some."

Tenchi's eyes lit up at the mention of alcohol.

"Whoa!  Liquor!  That rules!"

He dropped Ryo-ohki and the bokken.

"Yes, now come and take this sack to the house with me."

"Uh huh huh huh.  Huh huh huh.  You said sack, huh huh huh."

Ayeka was mystified that he could find any humor in that
word.  "Sack?  What's so funny about that?"

"Huh huh huh uh huh huh.  You said it again."

She could feel her temper starting to rise, but consoled
herself with the fact that Washu would make things right.
Otherwise, she, along with the other girls in the house,
would have to kill him.  This "Butthead" personality was
too much to handle.

"Oh, come along now.  We're going to the house."

Tenchi followed her as he carried the sack of groceries in one
hand, and used to the other hand to drink from the bottle.  By
the time they had reached the porch, he was staggering about.

"Huh huh huh.  I'm wasted.  It's like a music video."

He stumbled up the porch and into the house.  After handing
Ayeka the grocery bag, he promptly walked over to the couch
that Washu had just replicated, sat down, and fell asleep.

                            * * *

Nobuyuki walked down the stairs with a packed duffel bag slung
across his shoulders.  The girls had filled him in on what had
happened so far, and he decided that he would stay at the shrine
for the time being.

"Things have been getting too wierd around here for my taste.
Alien girls moving in is one thing, but this is out of control.
I'll be back when Tenchi is better."

                            * * *

Tenchi woke up around noon the next day.  Sasami was in the
kitchen chopping vegetables and watching a cooking show on
a small television on the counter.

"Saa, temee-ra kakugo shiyagare--Kono Bejiita-Sama ga tappuri
to ryouri shite yaru ze!!"

Ayeka walked into the kitchen and noticed the show.

"Really, Sasami, I can't understand why you insist on watching
that show.  Such a foul tempered cook couldn't be a good
influence for you."

"But Ayeka, I need to watch it for this recipe," Sasami pleaded
to her sister.  The show continued on.

"Tsuru Tsuru Tsuru Tsuru, Neba neba neba neba namaiki na yarou
da ze!"

Tenchi tuned out what was going on in the kitchen.  He got up
and went to the bathroom, and came out half an hour later.

He was feeling rather bored, and since the only TV had a girl
with a knife close by, he went outside.

Later...

The girls had stayed in the house all day, since they needed to
work twice as hard keeping it clean since Butthead had showed up.

Mihoshi heard a dog barking outside.  She got up from the couch to
see what was going on.  When she looked out the window, she smiled
and exclaimed, "Oh, Tenchi's brought us a dog to play with!  How
thoughtful of him."

Ryoko went over to the window and saw for herself what was going on.
It seemed that the reverse of what Mihoshi said was true.  It was
the dog who was bringing Tenchi, and this animal didn't look like
it wanted to play.

The dog was large, had a brown coat, and was rather mangy and
very filthy.  Tenchi had somehow managed to get a rope around its
neck, but he was doing everything he could to keep the dog from
dragging him about.  And the filthy cur would not stop barking.
It had a loud, hoarse and raspy bark, and flecks of foam flew from
its mouth as it barked.  From all appearances, Tenchi was planning
on bringing it inside.

Ryoko opened the door to tell Tenchi not to bring the dog inside.
She stepped out of the door and opened her mouth, but instead of
saying something, she screamed.

Tenchi had let go of the rope.  The dog turned its head to consider
him, but saw Ryoko standing there and ran towards her.  It jumped
up and knocked Ryoko down, then ran into the house.  Once inside,
it ran into the kitchen, jumped on the table, began knocking things
over, and barking at the girls.  They responded by screaming and
running upstairs into one of the rooms.

The mongrel continued its rampage downstairs.  It lunged at the
new couch and worked on tearing the cushions to pieces.  After
stuffing was strewn about everywhere, it pissed all over.  Then
it went into the kitchen again and got into the garbage, which
it scattered all over the floor.  Tenchi was still outside
laughing, and Ryoko began to get to her feet.


Ryo-ohki came out of the lab looking for Sasami.  The dog smelled
her and ran towards her.  The cabbit looked up and saw the huge
beast running for her, and froze.  When it seemed as if Ryo-ohki
was going to be eaten alive in one gulp, Ryoko blasted the dog.
It ran out of the house with its tail between its legs.

                                  * * *

Ayeka, Mihoshi, and Sasami came out of the upstairs room, walked
downstairs, and considered the chaotic state of the house.
Everything was filty, torn up, and in general disarray.  They
considered the fact that Tenchi was standing in the middle of it
while laughing his ass off and stating just how cool it was.
There was only one course of action left to them.  Ryoko joined
them and they walked into the lab.

                                  * * *

"I JUST CAN'T STAND IT ANYMORE!  Aren't you going to do something?"
Ryoko screamed at Washu.

"For once I agree with Ryoko.  This 'Butthead' has got to go.  We
are all rather fond of Tenchi, but I'm at my wits' end.  Lately
it's all I can do to keep from strangling him,"  Ayeka added.

"Yeah, and the way he looks at us.  It makes my skin crawl.  And
that horrible laughing, always laughing.  You know how I feel about
him, but my patience is wearing thin," Ryoko said.

"And he keeps insulting my food and messing up the kitchen.
Tenchi's not being very nice lately,"  Sasami chimed in.

"And I don't like these little translators.  They're making my
ears itch," said Mihoshi.

The strain of the last couple of days was starting to show on
Washu's face.

"Alright, calm down, just calm down!  For your information I've
come up with a way to return Tenchi to normal.  We have to get
him into the lab so I can restore his normal brain patterns."

"Miss Washu, er, Washu-chan, could you please explain what has
happened to Lord Tenchi?"  Ayeka asked.

"When the explosion went off in the lab, it sent a power surge
through the entertainment system.  This surge carried another
mind pattern with it that was implanted into Tenchi when the
TV exploded.  The mind pattern was created by one of the
processors in here after extrapolating data from whatever
show Tenchi was watching at the time.  It took me a whole day
to figure out that he was watching some American show called
'Beavis & Butthead.'  Would you believe that I had to watch over
ten hours of it just to collect enough data on this 'Butthead'
character to find a way to delete it from Tenchi's mind?  Ten
hours of the most incredibly mind-numbing insanity I've ever
seen in my life.  And when you're as old as I am, that's saying
a lot.  The plus side is that I've been able to create a database
of that strange vernacular that Tenchi's been speaking.  May
come in handy someday...HEY!  WAKE UP!"

The four girls had fallen asleep while Washu rambled on.

"In any case, I need Tenchi here to return him to normal.  Ryoko,
why don't you go and get him."

                               * * *

Ryoko floated up the stairs to Tenchi's room.  Like usual, instead
of knocking first, she just stuck her head in through the door.
She quickly pulled her head out.  Her face had a green color to it
and she looked as if she might faint.

"Think I'm gonna <urp> be sick..."

She ran for the bathroom.  On the way, she ran into Ayeka.

"Ryoko, where do you think you're going?  Washu told you to go
get Tenchi, now why aren't you doing what she said?"

Ryoko pulled Ayeka close and whispered in her ear.  It was Ayeka's
turn to look ill.

"That does it.  I'm going to get him myself,"  Ayeka said.

She went to Tenchi's door and waited.  And waited, and waited
some more.  Finally, Tenchi came out, and there was Ayeka, waiting
for him.  She clobbered him on the head with a large mallet, a
triumphant smirk on her face.

"That should teach you to leave Tenchi's body alone."

With that, she dragged him downstairs and into the lab.

Washu was quickly able to attach some wires and other devices to
his head, and get him strapped onto the exam table.

"Okay, reading brain waves, isolating foreign patterns, now I
just need to delete them and restore Tenchi.  Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami,
this may take a while.  You should probably get the house in order
for Tenchi.  Oh, and you can ditch the translators."

                               * * *

It was a fine morning, as fine as you could ask for in the summer.
The air was cool and small pockets of mist were curling up into the
air around the hills as they evaporated in the morning sun.  The
birds all around were singing.  And four girls were standing
around a bed in Washu's lab.

Tenchi opened his eyes and smiled at those standing around him.

"Good morning.  Hey, what am I doing in the lab?  Why do I
feel so dirty, and what on earth is this horrible taste in my
mouth?"

Ryoko looked into his eyes and set her hand on his shoulder.

"It's a long story, but we're glad you're back.  Everything is
going to be all right now."

*****************************************************************

Completed 1-28-01

Finally, it's over, and good riddance.  I'm tired of dealing
with this fic.

Can anyone say tone change?

Still working on getting Ryoko into Mirai Trunks' world.  Should
be fairly decent by the time I'm done.
Also coming up with a tripped out fic set in Area 51.  Familiar
faces, but totally reworked personalities.  Will be epic.

                          * * *

Three Rings for the Elven-kings under the sky,
   Seven for the Dwarf-lords in their halls of stone,
Nine for Mortal Men doomed to die,
   One for the Dark Lord on his dark throne
In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie.
   One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them,
   One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind
     them
In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie.
-JRR Tolkien, "The Lord of The Rings"


The Old Took
old_took@hotmail.com
