Subject:
Resent-Date: Tue, 26 Mar 2002 21:45:14 -0500
                         This is about Babidi and his partner Buu.They find
a new energy sorce at the Masaki
        Residents and Buu wants to "EAT IT UP!"But Tenchi and the rest dont
have enough power.
        Opps I said to much.Any way.A DBZ charactor is going to help
them.He's half saiyan,half ctarlctarl.
                                         He has the same
name
       as Vegeto.(The fusion charactor)He's Vegeta's brother.But Vegeto is
nothing like Vegeta.And he
       looks nothing like the fusion charactor.Vegeto has blue eyes,black
long spiked hair,(not as long
       as Vegeta's)and he always wears black clothes.

       It's been ten years after the fight with Yugi.Wasnt realy a fight.Its
still the same around the house.
       Aeka and Ryoko fighting over Tenchi.Sasami looks alot like Tsunami
now.She still cooks meals.
       Yugi is out of that capsule.She looks "nothing" like Sakuya and is
nothing like her.She lost
        her cowardly ways and she learned how to be brave.Enjoy the show.

Tenchi:OOOWWW!Ryoko!Aeka let me go!

Ryoko:Yeah Aeka let go!

Aeka:No you she devil!

Ryoko:You hooker!

Aeka:What!

Ryoko:You heard me.


                                  They both let go of Tenchi.Aeka pimp
smacked Ryoko.Ryoko pimpsmacked
                                   Aeka twice.Then somebody knocked on the
door.

Sasami:I'll get it!


                                   Sasami opened it.Vegeto was standing
there.Sasami blushed.She didnt know
                                   why.Sasami felt embaresed that she
blushed infront of some one she never
                                   meet.

Vegeto:Hi, does Ryoko live here?

Sasami:Y-Yeah she's in here fighting with my sister.Come in.

Vegeto:Okay.(He walked in.)

Ryoko:You better let go of my ears Aeka!

Aeka:Then you let go of my nose!

Sasami:So do you know Ryoko?

Vegeto:Yeah,she's my sister.Half sister.

Sasami:How long have you've been looking for her?

Vegeto:She called me last night.

Sasami:Rrrrr Ryoko Aeka we have a visitor!

Ryoko:We do?

Sasami:Well if you werent fighting over Tenchi all night then you'd know.

Vegeto:All night?This guy must be popular.

Sasami:With these two.I barely gotten any sleep latly because of them.

Ryoko:Oh.Hi.Go some where Aeka!(She pushed her)

Aeka:No you gothic beast!(she pushed Ryoko back)

Sasami:They are just so rude!Come on I'll show to my friends upstairs.

Vegeto:Okay.Lets wait until these two stop fighting.


                                       They walked up stairs and into a room
with Kyone,Mihoshi,Yugi,and Washu.



Washu:Hi Sasami.

Sasami:Hi...

Kyone:Whats wrong?

Sasami:I'm just tired...

Mihoshi:Is that guy your man Sasami?

Kyone:You dont just blurt things out like that!

Mihoshi:WAAAHH!Every one yells at
me!

Sasami:Uhh no...

Vegeto:So what are your names?

Sasami:Im Sasami, thats kyone,Washu,Yugi,and the one crying is Mihoshi.

Vegeto:I'm Vegeto.


                                          Meanwhile at Babidi's hideout.

Babidi:Now where is that energy reading I had?

Buu:Me eat it up!

Babidi:Thats right Buu.As soon as we find it you can eat.

Buu:Me turn it into a cracker with cheese!

Dabora:Master.I've detected that energy reading again.Send us to that
location.

Babadi:Okay...Papatapapa!


                                                    He teleported Dabora and
Buu to Tenchi's house.Buu landed on top
                                                    of Aeka with his fat
self.

Buu:Pow pow pow pow!

Aeka:Get off you tubbalard!

Buu:Me mad!Who call Buu tubbaward!?

Dabora:Your siting on her.


                                                          Buu got up.Aeka
ran behind Tenchi.


Buu:Buu dont like her!Me eat you up!

Aeka:Y-You wouldnt dare!

Buu:Me eat you up!Me eat you up!Me eat you up!

Tenchi:Get back Aeka!



                                          Buu hopped up to Tenchi.


Tenchi:You monster get back!

Buu:You go bye bye!Bye bye bye bye bye bye!


                                                           Buu slapped
Tenchi through the wall.


Buu:Ha Ha Ha Ha!Me drop him down!

Ryoko:Tenchi no!


                                                    Ryoko started shooting
Buu.


Sasami:Whats all that noise!?

Vegeto:I'll check.

Yugi:We'll go with you.


                                                Every one ran down
stairs.They saw Ryoko fighting Buu.


Vegeto:Whats up down here!?

Aeka:That monster nearly killed Tenchi!(She was holding Tenchi in her arms)


                               Ryoko stopped shooting Buu.Buu went nuts.


Buu:Me get strong!(he started powering up)

Dabora:Buu,take the girl.I'll take my rival Raiden.(he looked at Vegeto)I
thought you were diminished
in the war.So you did become a mortal.You sacrificed yourself to save
Tsunami.Your last words were
"I love you Tsunami."Aha ha ha ha ha ha!

Vegeto:Hmpf.What a morron.

Dabora:So what do plan to do?

Vegeto:Kick your a** thats what.

Dabora:Rrrrrr!(he saw Sasami)Hmm...


                               He jumped towards Sasami and grabbed her.

Dabora:One false move and say good bye to the woman!

Sasami:No let me go!

Vegeto:Let her go!She has nothing to do with this.

Dabora:Tsunami,so you became a mortal too.Show me that power of yours.You've
used it against me
before.


                                     Yugi punched Dabora in the back.He
didnt do any thing.


Dabora:Dirty mortal!


                                      He spat on Yugi.She started to turn to
stone.


Sasami:No Yugi!

Dabora:Shut up!(He threw Sasami down)



                                       Vegeto punched Dabora in the
mouth.Dabora was knocked out of the house.
                                        He bent down to Sasami.


Vegeto:Are you hurt?

Sasami:No not realy...


                           Vegeto helped her up.


Buu:You punch partner!Me mad!

Vegeto:And what are you going to do about it?You over grown ugly tub of
lard!

Buu:Me dont like you.You mean!Buu eat you up!

Vegeto:Sasami,you and the others get outta  here.Me and Ryoko will handle
things here.

Sasami:Will you be alright?

Vegeto:I'll be fine.Tenchi should be able to help you.Go now.


                              Sasami and the others ran out of the house.


Ryoko:So now what?

Vegeto:That devil wont be bothering us for a while.We'll finish off this
screwball and take care of the
devil.

Buu:Me eat you up!Me eat you up!

Ryoko:Here's a five-fingered sandwich!


                                  Ryoko punched Buu up side the head.A dent
was put in his head.Ryoko continued
                                her assault by slicing,punching,kicking,and
blasting the crap out of Buu.Dents,holes,
                                 and cuts were all over Buu.

Vegeto:Dude,Ryoko.Kick a**.

Ryoko:So much for chunky.


                                      Buu regenerated.

Buu:Me eat you up!Me eat you up!



                                  Dabora was back.

Buu:Aha ha ha ha!You turn to a cookie!


                                A lightningbolt came from Buu's antenna
toward Ryoko.She moved away from it.
                                Then the bolt accidently hit Dabora.He
turned to a cookie!The cookie floated into
                                Buu's mouth.He swallowed it.

Buu:Me full!Huh?Why pretty lady still dere!?

Ryoko:Yuk.Like you ate that devil guy.

Buu:You made Buu eat partner!Me mad!Now me drop you down!

Vegeto:Flash of Death!

                              Vegeto  shot a piercing energy beam through
Buu's fat stomach.He fell.Then they
                               noticed that Yugi was back to normal.

Vegeto:Are you okay?

Yugi:What happened?

Ryoko:You were turned to stone.

Yugi:What happened to fat a**?


                                           Buu got up.He regenerated his
stomach.

Buu:Pow Pow Pow POW!(he swelled up.smoke came out of his head.He swelled
back down.)

Ryoko:He just wont die.


                                              Smoke was still coming from
Buu's head.


Vegeto:Chunky butt!


                                                  Buu looked at him.


Vegeto:Yeah you!You so stupid you thought toco bell was a mexican phone
company!


Buu:Why be mean to Buu?!

Vegeto:Ugly pink blob!Fat a**!


                            Buu started to swell up again.Vegeto kept on
insulting Buu.Buu got bigger and bigger.


Vegeto:Pilsbury Doughboy!

                                            Buu was the size of the whole
house.He started glowing.Buu got bigger
                                            from Vegeto calling him a jack
a**.


Vegeto:Rail Cannon!


                               Vegeto shot an energy blast at Buu's
stomach.The other two helped by blasting Buu
                               with all their energy.They put more energy
into their blasts.

Buu:AAAAAAAHHHHHHH!


                                   Ryoko and Yugi couldnt shoot any more.But
Vegeto was still going at it.Buu was
                                    lifted off the ground some.Then Vegeto's
energy blast got bigger and swallowed
                                    Buu's body.Buu and the energy was shot
into outerspace.

Babadi:Majin Buu!NOOOO!


Sasami:Lets go check if its over.

Tenchi:I still feel power levels over there!

Aeka:Thats the power from the other three.I dont sence
the intruders.


                                                     They went back to the
house.

Mihoshi:Yeah the ugly guys are gone!

Tenchi:Who destroyed the fat thing?

Vegeto:I did.

Tenchi:Thank you for getting rid of them.

Vegeto:Dont just thank me,thank the other two.

Sasami:Uhhh Vegeto?

Vegeto:What is it?

Sasami:That red guy.Did he call you Raiden?

Vegeto:Yeah.Thats what's wierd.And he said something about Tsunami.Who ever
that is.

Washu:Tsunami and Raiden were both immortals.Tsunami is asimualated with
Sasami.But Raiden...I dont
have a clue what happened to him.All I Know is that he and his men
fought the immortal war The Final-
Conflict.


Vegeto:Right.(he said it like Dr.Evil)


                                                   Vegeto heard Tsunami's
voice.He was the only one that heard it.He found
                                         him self in nothing but black.He
saw Tsunami.


Tsunami:Vegeto...You are Raiden.

Vegeto:No I'm not.

Tsunami:You are united with him.

Vegeto:So what if I am?

Tsunami:Dont you get it?You can live for ever.

Vegeto:Now you got my attention!

Tsunami:You posese a power not yet acheived.When you become a
supersaiyan,all this power and
immortality will be awaken.

Vegeto:Awww,what'd you get my hopes up for?

Tsunami:Use the pain of loss.

Vegeto:I didnt loose any one.

Tsunami:The time will come.

Vegeto:Hey wait!

Tsunami:Good bye my friend.


                                              She dissapeared.Nothing was
dark any more.

Vegeto:Okay?

Ryoko:What?-_-

Vegeto:Oh nothing.


                                            Then an energy beam shot at
Vegeto.He managed to block it.But the energy
                                            was to powerfull.It made his arm
gush out blood.Everyone heard laughing.
                                            Kagato and Buu hovered down to
them.

Kagato:Ha ha ha ha ha!My aim is better than ever.

Buu:Dere da mean ones!Day all call Buu names!

Vegeto:Rrrrr!I thought he died!(He was clencthing on to his arm)

Kagato:You thought wrong. You blasted Buu and he crashed into my ship.Since
I helped Bibadi create
Buu,I am able to control him.

Tenchi:Not if I can help it!


                                Tenchi's lighthawk armor appeared on him and
got his sword.


Kagato:The fool.I've gotten much stronger than the last time we met.But you
havent changed a bit.Stll
the dramatic and soft weakling.

Vegeto:And what about you?I've beaten you before as a child.I didnt reach
the level of supersaiyan then.

Kagato:You!

Vegeto:Yeah me.One of the last of the saiyans.Eight of us left.

Kagato:I'm just proud of how strong you've become.Why not join my side again
and put the past behind us.

Vegeto:After what you've just done to my arm.I dont think so.

Kagato:That was Buu.

Vegeto:Yeah blame it on tubby.

Buu:Majin Buu mad!

Vegeto:Does it look like I care!?

Kagato:Buu shut up!

Vegeto:Bring it then.Old fart.

Kagato:After I take care of this rude kid.

Vegeto:You will fight me now Kagato.Unless your to much of an immitating
coward.

Sasami:Vegeto your hurt dont!

Kagato:I was going to finish you off later but why not now?Buu,take the boy.

Sasami:Vegeto!

Vegeto:I'll be fine.

Kagato:Now lets get this over with.



                                                      To be continued...


Look out for the next part.This is my first fic.Thats all I have to say.




























































































