Disclaimer:I don't own Pioneer,FunImation,or anything related to the two.

Author's note:In this one,Gohan and Videl haven't had their baby yet,so keep
that in mind.

Buu's Revenge Ch.1-"Meeting"
When Tenchi and co. go for a picnic,they meet the DBZ gang!Some of
them,anyway.

Sasami:Yay!A picnic!

Tenchi:It's a beautiful day!

Ryoko:Where should we set up?

Kiyone:How about over in that park?

Washu:That spot under the tree looks good.

Tenchi:Alright,let's go!

As everbody got comfortable,Ryo-oki started to growl.Everyone turned to the
road across the sreet

to see what had gotten Ryo-oki in a jumble.A armored tank pulled into the
park

and the doors flew open.A few men came out,carring bags of what looked like
money.

Ryoko:Somebody should stop them!

Before Ryoko could do anything,a boy stepped forward.He was only about 7
years

old,at the max.Looking mad,he walked right up to them.The boy wore an orange

outfit with blue sleeves popping out of the orange part of where his sleeves

would start.He had black hair that seemed to shoot out everwhere.He had
black

eyes,a black belt,black and white boots,and was walking right up to the
robbers.

Tenchi:What does that kid think he's doing?!

Ayeka:It's dangerous!

Ayeka ran to the boy,but before she could reach him,a hand reached out and

grabbed hold of her arm.

Teenager:Don't worry,he'll be alright.

Tenchi:Are you nuts?He'll be killed!

Ryoko:Who are you?!

Teenager:Just watch.

As the little boy walked up to the robbers,one of the robbers with a big

mustache smirked at the size of the kid.

Boy:Give that money back,right now!

Robber 1:Oh?And who's gonna make us?

Boy:I will!

Robber 2:Oh!Then we better do as you say then,huh?

All the robbers started to laugh at the kid.Then,the one with the mustache

cracked his knuckles and walked up to the boy.

Robber 1:Ready for the pounding of your life?

Boy:Are you?

The robber pulled his arm back far,then punched at his face...and missed.The
boy was gone.

Robber 3:Where'd he go?

Boy:I'm right here!

The robber that had attempted to attack him turned around,to have the boy
jump

up and deliver a spinning kick to his face.He flew off and hit a

tree,unconscious.

Robber 2:Punk!

He pulled out a gun and aimed it at the boy's head.He grabbed hold of it and

literaly crunched the thing with his bare hands.He threw it aside,performed
a

flip,landed behind the robber,and kicked him.The poor guy was shot at his

buddy.One robber came up from behind the boy and held his arms down.He also

pinned his legs down with a metal strap.

Another thug started to beat the crap out of the boy.But,little did he
know,it

didn't really hurt.After a while,the thug got tired and was out of
breath.The

boy just smirked.

Boy:Tired yet?Turn around.

The robber did so,and was punched hard in the face by another boy.This one
was

older,wearing a green outfit with yellow boots and orange wristbands.He had

long purple hair and blue eyes.He jumped up and kicked the robber holding
the

other boy down in the face.The littler one got up.

Boy:Thanks Trunks.

Trunks:No problem.So Goten,how did this start?

Goten:They stole some money,and I told them to return it,but they didn't

listen.Then I started to fight them.Then you came.

Trunks:Look,they're getting away!

The rest of the robbers had collected their beat-up friends and loaded them

into the armored car.They drove off as fast as they could.

Goten:You thinking what I'm thinking?

Trunks:Let's do it!

Goten bended his knees and cupped his hands together behind him.Trunks also

bended his knees,but he spread his arms apart.

Gotne:Ka...me...ha...

A light started to build up in Goten's hands.Same as Trunks.

Goten:Me.....HA!

Trunks:Final Flash!

The light was shot forward and hit the truck right on.It blew the back up
and

sent the car crashing into a street light.Goten and Trunks gave each other
high-

fives.Tenchi and the others were in shock.

Tenchi:They...they...

Teenager:See?Goten and Trunks can handle themselves.

Goten and Trunks ran over to Tenchi and the others.

Goten:Did you see that Gohan?That was fun!

Gohan:Yeah,I did!

Ayeka:Who are you?!

Gohan:Oh,I'm sorry,forgive me.My name is Gohan.This is Goten,my little

brother.And this is Trunks,Goten's best friend.

Gohan & Trunks:Hi!

Tenchi:My name is Tenchi,this is Ryoko,the space pirate.

Ryoko:Hiya!

Tenchi:This is Ayeka,crown princess of Planet Jurai and her little
sister,Sasami.

Ayeka:Pleased to meet you.

Sasami:Hi!How are you?

Tenchi:This is Washu,the greatest scientific genius in the universe.

Washu:The cutest too!

Tenchi:And last,but not least,Mihoshi and Kiyone,members of the Galaxy
Police.

Kiyone:Hello!

Mihoshi:Nice to meet you.

Gohan:Hello everyone!Well,we should be going.

Goten:Awww,Gohan,we just met these people!Can we stay for a while?They seem
nice!

Gohan:It's not that,Goten!I just would like to leave before I get...

Girl:GOHAN!

Gohan:...Caught.

A girl came up to the group.She wore an orange long-sleeved shirt with a
blue

short-sleeved over it.On the front it said FIGHT.She wore white pants and

purple boots.She had black hair that was somewhat short.She had blue
eyes,but

they looked mad right now.

Gohan:Uh,hey Videl!What's up?

Videl:What are you doing over here?

Gohan:It's not what it looks like!

Videl:I've heard that one before.

Gohan:I'm not flirting with any of these girls or anything!Honest!

Ryoko:He's right.We were just talking.

Videl:How do I know I can believe you,Gohan?

Gohan:Um,well...you'll just have to believe me,Videl.

Videl:......Okay!I believe you Gohan!

Gohan:(sighs)Everyone,this is Videl,a good friend of mine!

Everyone:Hi!

After introductions are made,they all had a picnic together.Sasami seemed to
be

really nice to Trunks,Ayeka observed.She didn't like that idea.Pretty
fast,it

became dark.So,everyone said their good-byes.Once Tenchi and the others were

back at home,they resumed their business.

-------------------------------
Meanwhile,in Washu's lab..
-------------------------------

Washu:Almost done...

Later that night,she snuck into everyone's room and inserted a needle into

them.She withdrew a bright light.Amazingly,they were still asleep.Washu
snuck

back into her lab.She inserted the light into a ball-like container.Washu

smirked.

Washu:It's ready...

-------------------------------
That morning...
-------------------------------

Tenchi:Good morning everyone!

Ryoko:Shhh!Quiet!

Everyone was staring at the TV.

Tenchi:What's going on?

Ayeka:Look!

Newsguy:This just in:East City is completly destroyed.I repeat,East City is
completly destroyed.

The evil monster,Majin Buu,is on a relentless journey of destruction.Where
this

thing has come from,nobody knows,but it's difficult to care,because
he's-BOOM!!

The newsguy had exploded.Behind him was a monstrosity.It wore white baggy

pants,black wristbands that completly covered its wrist.It only had a black

vest that revealed all of its muscular stomach and its chest.The shoulder
parts

and the section by the back of the neck was  yellow and stood out further
than

the rest,which made it look like yellow cushoins on his shoulders and on the

back of his neck.Its skin was pink adn on the top of its head was what
looked

like a whip.It hung behind the thing,where it could hardly be seen.Its eyes

were all black except for the middle,which was pink as well.It had a evil
look

on its face.It pointed at the camera,then the TV screen was filled with
fuzz.

Ryoko:Someone has to stop that thing!

Tenchi:But where did it come from?

Washu:I know...

Everyone turned to the small scientist.

Tenchi:Where did it come from?

Washu:I created it...

TO BE CONTINUED...

Preview of next chapter...

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ryoko:No!Come back!You'two will be killed!

Goten:Don't worry,we know what we're doing!

Trunks:Come on,let's go!

Before Ryoko could stop them,they were gone.She ran back to the TV to see
how

well they would do.Everyone watched and waited for Goten and Trunks to

appear.Buu was annihallating Tokyo.A newsguy was dumb enough to try and

broadcast it.

Newsguy:Majin Buu is continuing his destructive path of rage and fury!Can

anyone save us from this horrible monster?!Wait,what's that?It looks like
two

jets off in the distance...Oh my gosh!I would never beleive it if I weren't

seeing it myself!Those aren't jets,they're people,up in the air!!

Goten and Trunks landed right in front of the camera.

Newsguy:Excuse me boys,but who are you and how did you do that?

Trunks:I'm Trunks,and this is Goten.

Goten:We're looking for Majin Buu!

Newsguy:Why are you two tikes looking for that monster?

Trunks:We're going to stop him,what else?

Goten:If no one else is going to do anything about this,then we will!

Newsguy:Surely you can't be serious!

Goten:We're dead serious!And don't call me Shirly!

Newsguy:You two don't stand a chance!Don't do this!

Trunks:Their he is!HEY BUU!YOU WANT A FIGHT?Here it is!

Buu looked down at the two boys...and laughed like crazy.The two kids
smirked at the same time.

Trunks:Ready?

Goten:Yeah!

At the same time,the boys bent their knees outward and extended their arms

outward,with Trunks' to the left and Goten's to the right.They scooted their

legs over to each other without really lifting their legs up.As they did

so,they rotated their arms in a circular motion in the opposite

direction of where their arms started off.As they did this,they said
something

at the same time.

Trunks & Goten:Fuuuu...

They stopped so that there was room between the two.Then,Goten lifted his
right

leg up and twisted his waist slightly so his knee pointed
horizontally.Trunks

did the same,but with his left leg.They moved their arms back to where their

arms had started in one swift motion.

Trunks & Goten:...Sion!

They leaned their bodies towards the other,putting their legs back to the

ground.Goten's left hand's index finger barely touched Trunks' right hand's

index finger.And Trunks' left hand's index finger barely touched Goten's
right

hand's index finger.

Trunks & Goten:HAA!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Well,that's all for now!In case you don't know,that little preview was of
Goten

and Trunks doing the Fusion Dance.What is a Fusion Dance,you ask?Find out
next

time!
