Cardcaptor Ryoko - Chapter 1 : "The Story of my Life"

Disclaimer: Cardcaptor is owned by Kodansha and Clamp.
Tenchi Muyo and the rest of the characters are owned
by Pioneer and AIC. Let's just none of these
characters belong to me. Okay.

-------------------------------------------------------Hi,
I’m Ryoko Hakubi. I’m 10 years old. And I’m magical. I
didn’t even know I had magical powers until my mother,
Washu, told me. My mother, a mad scientist, created me
by using a simple life form called Mass and from one
of her egg cells. Because of this, my mother considers
me as a daughter rather than a creation.

When Zero, a robot from an evil scientist named Dr.
Clay, copied me, I lost some of my memories from the
past. After Zero allowed my emotions to surface, my
mother combined Zero and me together.

I have to wear 3 gems, which give me powers that I
have right now. Without the 3 gems I wouldn’t be able
to use all of my powers. I have to wear one on each
wrist and one around my neck. The gems contain my
mother’s goddess power.

If I have had one gem, I would be able to control, and
summon demons. If I had two gems, I would be able to
control major demons. With all 3 gems in place, I
would be able to fulfill the purpose I was created
for. I’m not used to my new powers since I just
learned about it, so I can’t really do anything yet,
except maybe teleport and float around in mid-air.

Over 20,000 years ago, my mother possessed powers
equal to that of her two sisters, Tsunami and Tokimi.
I'm not sure why this happened but I do know that it
was a punishment for something she did. This is why
the power in my gems is the same as that of Jurian
trees, which derive their power from my mother’s
sister, Tsunami. I suspect it had to do with treachery
masterminded by Tokimi.

The whole reason that my mother created me in the
first place was so that I could harness the powers
within her gems. With all three gems in place I can
use the power that my mother once held. Including 10
Lighthawk wings. During my creation, my mother’s
assistants Kagato and Yakage, each exploited her
creation of me. Yakage stole some cells and made a
clone. Kagato just imprisoned my mother for 5,000
years and brainwashed me when I was born.

For centuries the galaxy's most brilliant scientists
have researched the gems but they reveal little about
their origin or how they work. Kagato achieved the
closest replication of the gems. He managed to create
gems more powerful than mine but they were not nearly
as compact. They were so large that he had them
mounted on his ship the Soja (which my mother
created.) When I was still under the control of Kagato
she had all three at once. But after her battle with
Yosho, she was stripped of all three.

Now I live with Kagato, in a small town called
Readington in Japan. I don’t know where my mother is,
and I have to go to school with other people that
don’t have any powers. One day, our class had to go to
the library and do a research about animals. I found a
book and it changed my life.

I opened the book and inside was a bunch of cards and
the next minute it was all gone except for the 3 cards
I was holding. A stuffed animal name Keroberos, is a
guardian of the book. Kero, which he made me call him,
told me that a man with magical powers named Clow
Reed, created the card. He gave each of the 52 cards a
different power. But when the cards were free to use
their powers, they caused lots of problems. So Clow
Reed, sealed them inside a book (the same book I
found)!

Clow Reed made Kero a guardian of the cards, but Kero
fell asleep on the job! That’s how the cards escaped
when I opened the book. When the cards flew away, Kero
lost his magic powers. Which can help him into a
stronger animal. Now we are working together to get
the cards back.

Kero gave me a special key to help me capture the
cards. I always wear it around my neck with the gem.
When I say the magic words, the key changes into my
Sealing Wand. I use the wand to capture the cards and
return them to the book. I also showed Kero my other
powers I had from the gem. He was surprised at first,
but then he got used to it after it.

Kagato was mad when I told him I was a Cardcaptor. He
started to explode things. I got scared so I decided
to run away with Kero and live on Planet Earth since
it would be easier for me to walk to school everyday.
Kagato didn’t know I ran away, he still thinks I’m in
my room. Now, I think he is searching for me up in
space.

Now Kero and me live in a cave by a place called the
Masaki Shrine. It was always cold at night, but I use
my light saber to warm the place up on some papers I
use for school. Days passed and no destruction had
occurred from the Clow Cards. And I wonder if I could
do this Cardcaptor stuff combined with my power.

-------------------------------------------------------

Okay, this is my first Tenchi fan fic so I don't know
if it's good or not. So tell if me if it's good or not
by e-mailing me at Ku_Pong_Thi@magicgirl.com
Thanks. I'll be writing Chapter 2 right now.
