Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo! is owned by AIC/Pioneer and was created by Masaki 
Kajishima. Dragonball Z is owned by Toei Animation and Bird Studio/Shueisha, and 
was created by Akira Toriyama. This is my first official fan-fic.

Ben Jonas presents:

--------------------------------<CELL-OUT>-------------------------------------
					  Chapter 1

Note: The events in this story occur during the Imperfect Cell Saga and in-
between the events of Shin Tenchi Muyo! (Tenchi In Tokyo) episode 16: Carnival!.

	Cell had just finished absorbing the citizens of Nickytown, and was about 
to claim the life of one of its survivors: a lowly banker.

Cell: Today's your lucky day, pal. You get to become a part of something 
extraordinary: ME! MWAHAHAHAHAHA!

Banker: No! Please! I DON'T WANNA DIE A VIRGIN!!!

At that very moment, Cell sensed a surge of power miles away.

Cell *thinking to himself*: Hrrm? What was that? I haven't felt any power like 
this since arriving in this timeline. It can't be the Androids, their power 
levels are undetectable. It's not Piccolo, or any of the others I encountered 
along with him. I'd better go check it out. Besides, it could prove beneficiary 
against the Androids once I absorb it.

Cell: Well, my friend, it looks like I'll spare you. Good luck getting a date, 
if you can find one! MWAHAHAHAHAHA!!!

With that, Cell took flight in search of the unknown power.

Meanwhile, over at Tenchi's high school in Tokyo, Tenchi had just finished 
berating the girls over the damage they did to his school's carnival.

Tenchi: All of you, just go home!

Sasami: But Tenchi, we came here to see you.

Tenchi: All of you have been nothing but trouble. 

Ayeka: Sorry, Lord Tenchi.

With that, the girls all began leaving, saddened and dismayed by the fact that 
they made Tenchi angry.

Suddenly, at that very moment, a lone figure raced out of the school and toward 
Tenchi at a frenzied pace.  

Tenchi: Amanosuke! What's wrong? What happened this time?

Amanosuke: *out of breath from running* Tenchi! Remember hearing the news about 
the monster that absorbed all of the residents of Gingertown and Nickytown?

Tenchi: Yeah? What about it?

Amanosuke: He's here.

Everyone (including the girls): WHAT!?!?!?!?!?

All of the girls ran back toward Tenchi and Amanosuke.

Tenchi: Oh man! This day has just gone from bad, to worse, to catastrophic! 
Amanosuke, What happened when the monster arrived? Is everybody OK?

Amanosuke: I'm afraid not, Tenchi. I was one of the only surviving witnesses. 

Amanosuke began giving his eyewitness account of the disaster.

*begin flashback*

Amanosuke: It all started at the concert. I was with Amagasaki and a few of my 
other classmates. We were "rocking out" (writer's note: Please forgive the use 
of dated language. Please bear with me, as this story will contain more dated 
language than Dennis Miller's football commentary.) to the music of SPLEEN, 
having a good ol' time. About 20 minutes into the concert, a green-and-yellow, 
bug-like creature appeared on stage. Everyone thought that he was supposed to be 
SPLEEN's mascot. Boy, were they wrong. At that moment, the creature stuck his 
tail into the back of the lead singer/guitarist, and "literally" sucked him up 
like a milkshake. A few seconds later, he did the same thing to the rest of the 
band. It was horrible watching that demon consume the band alive! The audience 
was in complete shock. Moments after that, he spoke into the microphone, saying 
something about an "unknown power" and how he would either kill or absorb 
everyone if the person with the hidden power didn!
't step forward. Then the horror began.
	I fled for my life (as did just about everyone else), but most of the 
crowd didn't get very far. A few moments after everyone ran for safety, the 
monster took to the skies and fired a whole barrage of energy blasts. As I ran 
to the head of the crowd, I could hear lots of explosions, people screaming, 
dying, panicking, and the monster's maniacal laughter. From then on out, 
everything became a blur as I dashed into the school for cover. Upon entering 
the school, I hid myself in a locker, hoping the monster would pass over me. 
Outside the locker, I heard more screams, combined with explosions, murderous 
laughter, then silence. 
*pause flashback*

Tenchi: What happened to Amagasaki?

Amanosuke: Sadly, he was one of the first to fall. He tried to stand his ground 
against the demon, saying that his absorption "was a hoax". He was quickly 
beaten and consumed. All that was left of him were his clothes. 

Tenchi: Dear lord.....

Sakuya: What about Hitomi, Misa, and Akari? (writer's note: Much like the name 
of the band in episode 16, these names are also made up. These were the names I 
came up with for the three girls that constantly followed Tenchi and Sakuya 
around throughout the series).

Amanosuke: They're gone, too. They were too frightened to move, and were caught 
in the monster's rampage.

Sakuya: No... *sob* Misa... Akari... Hitomi...

Tenchi: I'm almost afraid to ask, but what about our teacher, Mr. Fujisawa? 
(writer's note: If it looks, sounds, and acts like Mr. Fujisawa, it IS Mr. 
Fujisawa. 'Nuff said!)

Amanosuke: That was when things got weird. As I hid in the locker, I overheard 
Mr. Fujisawa a couple doors down, talking to himself.

*resume flashback*

Mr. Fujisawa: Ahh! Sweet sake, take me away!

Amanosuke (as narrator): At that moment, I heard a crash through the wall, 
followed by a loud buzzing noise.

Cell: Hey, drunkard! This is a no-drinking zone!

Amanosuke: At that moment, I heard what sounded like a glass bottle shattering.

Mr. Fujisawa: Hey! That was my only bottle of sake! YOU'LL PAY FOR THAT! 
FUJISAWA PUNCH!!!

Amanosuke: I overheard the sounds of battle outside my locker. It sounded like 
Mr. Fujisawa was giving that creature the beating of his life. A few loud 
crashes later, I heard Mr. Fujisawa say something along the lines of "heading 
off to the nearest 7-11 for sake and smokes". As I emerged from the locker, I 
saw him take a giant leap from the hole the creature made, out into the open, 
and disappear into the horizon. But the threat was far from over, as I heard the 
monster speak.

Cell *stunned*: What was that?!? No matter, that wasn't the unknown power I 
sensed earlier. I'll find it, even if I have to tear this whole building apart!

Amanosuke: With that, the creature crashed through the second floor, and I heard 
the screams again. Taking advantage of a horrible situation, I fled for the 
front exit, dodging debris and rubble along the way. And that pretty much sums 
up everything that's happened up 'til now.

*end flashback* 

Kiyone: Excuse me, Amanosuke, but if the monster did attack the school, wouldn't 
we have heard some screams and/or explosions?

Amanosuke: Probably not. The demon was incredibly fast, and probably used his 
speed (as well as his tail) to cover up most of the screams. As for the 
explosions, I think the monster didn't use any energy attacks (or didn't need 
to) in order to slaughter most of the building's denizens. 

Ayeka: All of those poor, innocent people.... dead. It's atrocious. 

Sasami: I think I'm going to be sick....

Washu: Whoa! Hang in there, Sasami. Here, take this pill. It'll calm your 
stomach.

Sasami: Thanks, Miss Washu.

Kiyone: Mihoshi, what do you think you're doing by that payphone?

Mihoshi: Contacting the Galaxy Police. They'll handle this matter.

Kiyone: Mihoshi, we ARE the Galaxy Police! Besides, I don't think a payphone can 
contact anyone in the deep reaches of space.

Mihoshi: I'm scared, Kiyone!

Kiyone: I know, Mihoshi. So am I. Just the mere thought of hearing how hundreds 
of people were killed in a matter of minutes by a single creature puts a chill 
down my spine, too. 

Sakuya: Tenchi, I'm afraid of what this creature might do to us. What if he...

Tenchi: Don't worry, Sakuya. I'll protect you to the very end.

Ayeka: And we will protect you too, Lord Tenchi. Right, everyone?

Everybody: RIGHT!

Ryo-Ohki: MIYA!

Ayeka: You better get out of here, Mr. Amanosuke. That monster could still be 
after you.

Amanosuke: Consider me gone!

As everyone was reeling from the horror of Amanosuke's description of the events 
that had transpired minutes ago, a renewed confidence was instilled in each 
person, insured in the fact that they would stand tall against the monster. 
Suddenly, an explosion occurred inside of Tenchi's high school. The blast was so 
powerful, that it reduced all of the upper floors of the building to rubble.

Sakuya: WHAT WAS THAT?!?

>From the explosion emerged Cell, a bio-android of incredible strength, speed, 
and agility. He descended from the sky and set himself down upon the walkway 
leading to the now-ravaged school.

Cell: Well, well. It seems that I've finally found the unknown power, or should 
I say, Tenchi Masaki!!

At last, the bio-mechanical monstrosity stood face-to-face with the object of 
his desire. What chance do Tenchi and crew have against a demon that has killed 
thousands in order to fulfill his own dark desire for perfection?

To Be Continued!

Well, there you have it. There's more excitement to come next chapter. Tell me 
what you thought of this opening salvo in the Cell-Out story. E-mail me at 
insaneben@yahoo.com. See ya!
