CHAPTER 2

Meanwhile, in Yugi's dimension, Yugi watched as Cell was about to attack Tenchi 
and crew.

Yugi: This is bad. If that monster kills Tenchi and Sakuya, all my plans will 
have been for not. Hotsuma! Matori! Tsugaru!

Hotsuma, Matori, and Tsugaru: Yes, Master?

Yugi: Cease that foul creature's reign of terror at once. Oh, and Tsugaru?

Tsugaru: Yes, Master?

Yugi: Stop eyeing Hotsuma like that! It's disturbing.

Matori: Ooo! Tsugaru has the hots for Hotsuma!

Tsugaru: I do not! Right, Hotsuma? *wink*

Hotsuma: *shudder* Don't come anywhere near me!

With that, the three henchpeople headed off to confront Cell. 

Meanwhile, at Kami's sky palace, Goku was silently meditating, when his 
concentration was suddenly interrupted by a feeling of dread.

Gohan: What is it, father? Has Piccolo confronted the androids yet?

Goku: No. It's Cell. He's currently facing off against a bunch of warriors whose 
power levels I've never sensed before.

Gohan: Oh. That's a good thing, right?

Goku: I wish it were, but unfortunately, their power levels are much lower than 
that of Cell's. With the dragonballs no longer in existence due to Piccolo's 
fusion with Kami, the last things we need are more people slaughtered by Cell. 
Since neither Piccolo nor I are strong enough to stop Cell, the only thing we 
can hope for now is that these unknown fighters can hold off Cell long enough 
for Trunks and Vegeta to arrive there once their training is completed. 

Gohan: Hey, Mr. Popo. How much longer until Trunks and Vegeta are done training 
in the Room of Spirit and Time? (writer's note: I refuse to call it the 
Hyperbolic Time Chamber due to ethnical reasons.)

Mr. Popo: They'll be done in a few more hours.

Gohan: *sigh* Oh man. I hope these mystery fighters can keep Cell at bay until 
then.

Goku: So do I, Gohan.

 Back at the remains of Tenchi's high school....

Tenchi: H-how do you know my name?!?

Cell: It's simple. Whenever I absorb someone, like your friend, Amagasaki, not 
only do I get their power, I also get part of their knowledge. Allow me to 
introduce myself. I am Cell, a bio-android that was created by Dr. Gero 
seventeen years in the future. Not only do I have the ability to fly, shoot 
energy blasts, and absorb life forms, my cellular structure is composed of the 
cells of the greatest fighters in the world. 

Tenchi: Why are you here? Why have you attacked my school?!?

Cell: In the future timeline, I found out that Dr. Gero designed me to absorb 
and incorporate the androids into my being, and thus, become more powerful, and 
eventually achieve perfection. After finding out that the androids in my time 
were already destroyed, I decided to make my way into the past by stealing a 
time machine and awakening seventeen years in the past. Normally at this time, I 
would be searching for the androids, but since I have all the time in the world, 
combined with the fact that I sensed your power level, I decided to make a 
little side trip on over to your school. 

Kiyone: So this massacre, combined with the mass-murdering of the residents of 
Ginger Town and Nicky Town have all been for fun, just so that you could find 
the androids and achieve perfection?!? You really ARE a demon.

Cell: True. So, which one of you wants to die first?

As Cell eyed his opposition, Ayeka, Mihoshi, Kiyone, Washu, and Sasami all stood 
ready to confront the android, with Ryo-Ohki hissing at him the whole time.

A few minutes ago, over in Shibuya, Ryoko was hovering outside of Tenchi's 
apartment.

Ryoko: I bet Tenchi'll be surprised when he sees me! Hey, he left the door to 
his apartment open.

As Ryoko entered the apartment, she noticed that Tenchi wasn't there. However, 
she noticed a flyer on Tenchi's table.

Ryoko: A school carnival!? So that's where he went. And I bet he's with that 
Sakuya tramp right now. GGRRRR!!!!

With that, Ryoko teleported on over to Tenchi's high school. A few minutes 
later, she showed up a few feet behind Tenchi and crew.

Ryoko: Tenchi! Hey all! Why the tense mood?

Washu: See that hideous creature over there?

Ryoko: Yeah, what about him?

Washu: He was the one responsible for all the mass killings in Ginger Town and 
Nicky Town. And look what he did to Tenchi's high school!

Ryoko: I see. Wow! Looks like something I would've done on a bad day.

Sasami: That creature's name is Cell, and he wants to consume Tenchi!

Ryoko: He wants to do WHAT?!?

Angered by that statement, Ryoko leapt up to the front of the group.

Ryoko: YOU MONSTER!! Nobody threatens my Tenchi and gets away with it!

Ayeka: *ahem* Miss Ryoko, I think you're greatly mistaken. Tenchi belongs to be 
and me alone.

Ryoko: What was that, Princess!? You want me to make you eat those words? I'd be 
glad to do so!

Tenchi: Hey, you two! Knock it off, or else we won't stand a chance against 
Cell!

Ryoko & Ayeka: Sorry, Tenchi!

With that, everybody's focus shifted back to Cell.

Cell: My, this is getting interesting. Looks like I'll have some fun after all.

At that moment, Yugi's hench-trio appeared behind Cell.

Cell: And you are...?

Hotsuma: We are relatives of the victims of Ginger Town, here to get revenge for 
their deaths.

Ryoko: Hey! I thought you guys were former space pirates!

Tsugaru: We are. We just wanted an excuse to kick Cell's ass.

Cell: It looks like the appetizers are over. Time for the main course!

At this point in time, Cell stands outnumbered, twelve to one. But what chance, 
if any, does a rag-tag group of humans, alien women, a cabbit, and three hench-
people stand against an android with the fighting abilities of the greatest 
fighters in the world? Find out in the next exciting chapter of CELL-OUT!

TO BE CONTINUED...

And that's the end of round 2 of this free-for-all! Next time, the real fight 
begins, as Tenchi and friends must form an uneasy alliance with Yugi's hench-
people, in order to take on Cell. I'd like to thank Bryan Weber, for being the 
first and ONLY person to respond to my first fan-fic (which was entitled The 
Expendables, and is currently located under "J" in the Misc. section, hence the 
reason why Cell-Out is my first official fan-fic), Chris "GumGirl" Fields, for 
being the first person to respond to the first chapter of this fan-fic, and, of 
course, YOU, the reader at home. Before I go, I'll let you in on a little 
secret: there's a surprise in store in the last chapter of this story for 
everyone (everyone being the reader and anyone else who reads this fan-fic, not 
the characters in this story). Please send feedback to insaneben@yahoo.com. See 
ya next chapter!

