CHAPTER 4

A few moments earlier, in Yugi's dimension, Yugi watched as Cell slaughtered her 
minions.

Yugi *shocked*: How... how did this happen?!? One moment, my minions had Cell on 
the ropes, and the next moment, he absorbed them all in the blink of an eye! 
This is horrible! On the other hand, if he gets rid of Tenchi's friends, then he 
just might prove to be... beneficial. But if he messes with my plans any 
further, I may just have to interfere, personally!

Back at the remnants of Tenchi's high school, Kiyone continued to fire away at 
Cell, but to no avail. He either evaded or deflected her shots.

Cell: You know, I could finish you off right now, but I find your futile 
struggle against me hilariously amusing.

Kiyone growled in frustration, over both Cell's remark and the fact that her 
blaster was completely useless against him. Just then, Kiyone got an idea.

Kiyone *thinking to herself*: Of course! I almost forgot that I had an anti-
matter bullet on me! Now all I need is a diversion.

Kiyone took off her left earring.

Kiyone: Hey Cell! Care for a LIGHT?

Kiyone tossed her left earring directly at Cell, and blinded him in a giant 
flash of light. As it turned out, Kiyone's left earring was actually a miniature 
flare bomb in disguise, while her right earring hid the anti-matter bullet. 
Making use of the diversion, Kiyone removed and unscrewed her right earring, 
revealing an anti-matter bullet. Loading it into her blaster, she aimed and 
fired right at Cell's head. The bullet went straight into the android's left 
eye, exploding on contact, and blowing up the entire upper half of Cell's body. 
The explosion sent Kiyone flying a few yards, but she quickly recovered. As the 
smoke cleared and the light vanished, all that was left of Cell was his lower 
torso, which lay on the ground.

Kiyone: YES!!! I GOT HIM! 
 
Washu: All right! Time for me to go get some free samples of Cell!

Ryoko: Hold on, Washu. Let's make sure he's dead first.

Washu: I seriously doubt that that demon could regenerate his entire upper 
torso, not without a head at least.

Suddenly, the lower torso of Cell sprang to its feet.

Kiyone *surprised*: No way! He can't still be alive! Not after I used an anti-
matter bullet on him!

Cell's lower half began moving around, and within moments, his upper half 
sprouted up from his lower torso, and he was whole once more.

Cell: A nice trick, my dear, but I'm afraid it was all in vain. You see, so long 
as at least one of my cells are still alive, I can regenerate any or all parts 
of my body, no matter how many times they are destroyed. In other words, I'm not 
dead until every cell in my body has been eradicated.  

Cell then disappeared and reappeared behind Kiyone, placed her in a half nelson, 
and ascended toward the sky. Kiyone struggled to get free.

Kiyone *struggling*: Let me go, *urgh* you monster!

Cell: As you wish.

Cell released Kiyone from his grip, and watched as she fell a couple thousand 
feet toward the pavement below. Just when she was about to hit the ground, Cell 
grabbed her by the legs, thus preventing her from becoming street strudel. Just 
then, the bio-monstrosity swung her hard against the side of a nearby building, 
which K.O.'ed the Galaxy Police officer. 

Everyone: KIYONE!!!

Cell then grabbed the now-unconscious Kiyone by the throat. 

Cell: Payback for destroying my upper body.

Just as Cell was about to absorb Kiyone, a bright orange flash of light 
appeared. Within the next few seconds, the orange light sliced off Cell's tail 
(which loosened his grip on Kiyone), picked up Kiyone, returned her to Tenchi's 
group, and confronted Cell. The orange light turned out to be Ryoko. Cell 
quickly regained his composure (and regenerated his tail). 

Cell: So, we finally meet, face to face.

Ryoko nailed Cell in the face with a hard right, sending the monster reeling 
back.

Ryoko: On the contrary. We finally meet, fist to face.

Cell recovered and charged toward Ryoko, but she easily evaded his flying 
tackle, and elbowed Cell in the back, sending him to the ground. The android 
quickly got up, took to the sky, and began firing a whole barrage of ki blasts. 
Ryoko countered his attack with a rapid-fire multitude of energy blasts of her 
own. The two attacks canceled each other out. Right when the smoke was about to 
clear, Cell rapidly flew towards Ryoko, and nailed her with a hard fist to the 
stomach. The blow caused Ryoko to slump in mid-air, but she then began laughing 
and leaned right back up.

Cell: Hrrm? What's so funny? 

Ryoko: The way you look right now. It's hilarious.

Cell suddenly noticed a huge, gaping hole in the center of his stomach.

Cell *surprised*: How...how did you....?!?

Ryoko: Simple. About a millisecond before you hit me, I saw an opening and ran 
you clean through with my energy saber.

Cell: You'll pay for that!

Ryoko: Yeah, sure. Where haven't I heard that one before?

Cell quickly regenerated the hole in his stomach, and resumed his ferocious 
battle with Ryoko. The two rapidly traded kicks, punches, and ki/energy blasts 
with one another.

Meanwhile, over at Tenchi's group:

Tenchi: Washu, how are Mihoshi and Kiyone doing?

Washu was monitoring their status on her holographic computer.

Washu: Kiyone seems to be making a slow recovery, but I'm using the term "slow" 
very figuratively, as her recovery has been incredibly slow. Mihoshi, on the 
other hand, appears to be getting gradually worse. If she doesn't start to 
recover soon, she could end up in a coma, or worse. If I had some medical 
supplies on hand, I might be able to improve their current conditions.

Sakuya: Hey Tenchi! Doesn't the doctor's office inside of the school have a ton 
of medical supplies?

Tenchi: They sure do. Only problem is, thanks to Cell's rampage, the entire 
entrance has been blocked off by rubble.

Just then, Sasami got an idea.

Sasami: Ryo-Ohki! It's show time!!

Ryo-Ohki: Miya!

The tiny cabbit instantly transformed into a giant robot. (Writer's note: Just 
for creative purposes, I have named the transformed Ryo-Ohki Robo-Ohki.)

Sakuya *thinking to herself*: Amazing! A cat/rabbit hybrid that can change into 
a giant robot. Now I have seen everything. Tenchi, I must say, your friends 
truly are more than meets the eye.

Sasami: Ryo-Ohki, do you think you can remove the rubble that's blocking the 
entrance to Tenchi's high school?

Robo-Ohki *nodding her head*: Miya!

As Robo-Ohki approached the rubble, giant drills popped out of her paws. Within 
a matter of seconds, the wreckage that cut off Tenchi from his goal had been 
reduced to dust.

Tenchi *speechless*: Wow!

Sasami: Good job, Ryo-Ohki.

Robo-Ohki reverted back to Ryo-Ohki, ran toward Sasami, and started licking her 
face.

Sasami: *Giggle!* Hey! That tickles!

Tenchi: All right! We can get in! Ayeka, I want you to help Washu take care of 
Mihoshi and Kiyone while I go get the medical supplies.

Ayeka: Certainly, Lord Tenchi.

Sakuya: Wait a second, Tenchi. You may need my help in there, carrying the 
supplies and whatnot. 

Tenchi: You're right, Sakuya. Let's go get some medical supplies, stat!

Sakuya *thinking to herself*: *Giggle!* That's why I love him!

Ayeka *thinking to herself*: Why does that miserable hussy always have to be 
alongside Lord Tenchi? I should be the one to assist him, not Sakuya. But then 
again, he did give me an important task. Could this be like in those romance 
novels, where the heroine stays behind to help the sick and the wounded, while 
the hero goes off to save the day, and returns victorious, and to the heroine's 
loving arms, where they get *GASP!* married? Could this be a sign that Lord 
Tenchi really doesn't love Sakuya, but me instead? And could it be that this 
situation we're in right now is the moment that cements our relationship?

Sasami *thinking to herself*: Uh oh. It looks like my big sister's getting 
starry-eyed again. Perhaps I should stop recording those soap operas for her. 

Tenchi and Sakuya entered the remains of their high school. A few minutes later, 
they returned with a bunch of medical supplies.

Tenchi: We're back. Did we miss anything?

Washu: Not much, just that Ryoko and Cell are still fighting with one another. 

Tenchi: Just out of curiosity, why did you need the medical supplies? Couldn't 
you have simply used one of your inter-dimensional tunnels to get some medical 
equipment, or to send the injured back home?

Washu: If I had used my inter-dimensional tunnel in the situation we're 
currently in, it would've been too risky. Cell would've probably seen the portal 
as a means of escape, and we would've lost sight of him. Not only that, he 
would've probably destroyed my lab and absorbed my experiments, and who knows 
would he would've become after that. In other words, using my inter-dimensional 
tunnel would've caused more harm than good. Also, I'd hate to see my lab in 
ruins. It took me a good twenty minutes to build it, and I don't want to have to 
waste that my time building another. Plus, I didn't bring an inter-dimensional 
tunnel with me. Besides, I like working with your planet's primitive devices, be 
they scientific or medical. I find them quite interesting.

Tenchi: I see.

Meanwhile, Ryoko and Cell continued to clash with one another. The two of them 
were evenly matched, with neither person gaining the upper hand. Each move they 
made against one another was more strategic than the last. On and on, the two 
continued to fight, evading, countering, and equaling one another blow for blow. 
As time wore on, neither combatant had tired out, and neither person was willing 
to back down.   

Three hours had passed, and not much had changed since then. Tenchi and friends 
watched in amazement as both Ryoko and Cell stepped up the intensity of their 
attacks. As the two hovered in mid-air, Ryoko charged toward Cell and tried to 
nail him from above with a diving saber attack, but Cell ducked underneath, 
grabbed Ryoko by the legs, and threw her toward the ground. Luckily, she was 
able to stop herself in mid-air, and flew back toward the android at a rapid 
intensity. Cell was unable to evade the speed of the space pirate's ascent 
toward him, and ended up getting kneed in the stomach. The impact of the blow 
made Cell double over in pain, but as he leaned back up, he began to laugh.

Ryoko: What're you laughing about this time, demon? Have you finally realized 
that you're no match for me?

Cell: No, just the opposite. In fact, I'm going to be honest with you. I've been 
toying with you the whole time. Furthermore, I've been fighting you at only 50% 
of my power. 

Ryoko: WHAT?!? You're lying!

Cell: I'm afraid not. This time, I won't be holding back any more. When I'm 
through with you, they'll have to use your dental records to identify your 
remains.

Cell quickly rushed towards Ryoko. Expecting that Cell was about to nail her 
with one of his flying punches, Ryoko stood in a blocking position, ready to 
fend off the attack. Just as she thought that he was about to hit her, the 
monster disappeared.

Ryoko: Where'd he go?

Cell: Right behind you, my dear.

Before she could even react, Cell elbowed her in the back, then appeared in 
front of her, delivering a flurry of punches before slamming her down to the 
sidewalk. Fortunately, Ryoko landed softly on her feet, but was a little bit 
stunned from having been taken off-guard.

Ryoko *thinking to herself*: Damn! He wasn't kidding about holding back earlier. 

As Ryoko flew back up to confront Cell, she suddenly found herself surrounded by 
three different versions of Cell. As it turned out, while Ryoko was on the 
ground, Cell had performed the Shishin no ken (Multi-form Technique), thus 
separating into three versions of himself. The trio quickly encircled her, and 
the space pirate found herself caught up in a whirlwind of punches and kicks. 
During the attack, however, Ryoko saw an opening. Grabbing the Cell duplicate 
behind her, she flipped it over using a behind-the-back throw, colliding it into 
the other Cell clone. Upon impact, she rushed on over and ran the two of them 
through with her energy saber. The copies exploded in a cloud of dust.

Ryoko: Huh. I guess that wasn't the real Cell. I wonder where he went?

As Ryoko turned around, she spotted Cell and noticed that his hands were in a 
unique position over his face.

Cell: TAIYOKEN! (Solar Flare)

A massive flash of light encompassed the city, blinding Ryoko (as well as Team 
Tenchi). As everyone struggled to regain their vision, Tenchi (through blurred 
vision) noticed Cell appear behind Ryoko.

Tenchi: Ryoko! Behind you!

But it was too late. Taking advantage of a blinded and slightly worn-out Ryoko, 
Cell delivered a whirlwind of punches and kicks, each attack more powerful and 
rapid than the last, until it got to the point where no one could keep track of 
him. For a few moments, it looked like an invisible force was beating up Ryoko. 
The android then grabbed ahold of Ryoko's legs, spun her around, and tossed her 
down to the pavement below. On the way down, Ryoko crashed through a phone 
booth, and eventually skidded to a stop along the sidewalk. Despite being 
exhausted from Cell's assault, Ryoko was able to stand back up.

Ryoko *exhausted*: Is that...the best...you've got...you bastaaaa...*THUD!*

Everyone: RYOKO!!!

Ryoko collapsed on the sidewalk, having been overwhelmed from all of Cell's 
attacks. Seeing a golden opportunity to consume a worthy combatant, Cell dove 
toward the now-unconscious Ryoko. Just when he was within striking distance of 
his target, two paw-shaped missiles appeared out of nowhere and made contact 
with the android, sending him flying back a few yards. As it turned out, the 
attack came from Sasami and Robo-Ohki.

Sasami: You stay away from Ryoko, you filthy monster!

*begin flashback*

A few moments earlier, Sasami and Washu watched as Cell knocked Ryoko out of the 
sky. 

Sasami: Oh no! Ryoko's in trouble! Ryo-Ohki, transform now!

The lovable cabbit changed into its menacing mecha form. Opening up her cockpit, 
Sasami jumped inside.

Sasami: Let's go, Ryo-Ohki.

Washu: Hold on a minute, Sasami. I think it would be best if we double-teamed 
that monster. 

Sasami *inside Robo-Ohki*: Good idea, but how do you plan on fighting that 
demon?

Washu: With this.

Washu pulled out her Power Glove and put in on.

Ayeka: Miss Washu, isn't that the power glove you used to force open the door to 
Lord Tenchi's apartment?

Tenchi: You did WHAT?!?

Giant sweat drops appeared on everybody's heads.

Washu: Uhhh... nothing, Tenchi. Besides, can't it wait until we take care of 
Cell?

Tenchi: *Sigh* I suppose so...

Washu then pressed a red button on her glove, and in an instant, was encased in 
a suit of battle armor (which looked similar to that of Priss's hardsuit from 
Bubblegum Crisis, except that Washu's hair was sticking out).  

Washu: This battle armor increases the wearer's agility, speed, and power 
tenfold. It also enables the person to jump incredibly high & far distances.

Sasami *inside Robo-Ohki*: Cool! But can it fly?

Washu: Hey, I could only fit so much into such a small piece of hardware. Now, 
let's go get ourselves an android.

Sasami: Right!

Washu A *in tiny battle armor*: Go get 'em, Washu!

Washu B *same deal*: Washu! Washu!

Sasami (inside Robo-Ohki) and Washu dashed off into battle.

*end flashback*

Leading off the attack, Sasami and Robo-Ohki were able to divert Cell's 
attention long enough for Tenchi and Sakuya to grab the now-unconscious Ryoko 
and return her to their group.

Sakuya: Tenchi?

Tenchi: Yes, Sakuya?

Sakuya: Can you please get me that suit of armor for Christmas?

Tenchi: I'll see what I can do.

Washu followed up Robo-Ohki's attack by firing a bunch of electro-needles from 
her left arm. Instinctively, Cell tried to bat them away, only to discover that 
when he did, they stuck to his arm, and gave him a massive shock. With Cell 
stunned, Washu leapt up into the air, applied a flurry of kicks to Cell's 
abdomen (Chun-Li style), and finished off with a high kick to the chin, sending 
the monster falling towards the ground. Hoping to add more damage to Washu's 
killer combo, Sasami readied Robo-Ohki's next attack.

Sasami: Now Ryo-Ohki! Forehead Gem Beam...FIRE!

A bright yellow beam was fired from Robo-Ohki's forehead, which cut through the 
air, and nailed Cell on his back, sending him flying up even farther. 

Sasami: Got him! Now let's use the Cabbit Kick attack!

Robo-Ohki leapt up into the air, appeared above the already-stunned Cell, and 
pressed both her feet into Cell's stomach, which sent the android plummeting 
into a building nearby, and crashing through all of the floors on the way down. 

Sasami: Yeah! That took care of him for sure!

Enraged by that last assault, Cell unleashed a ki wave (which destroyed the 
building he fell into), and streaked straight towards Washu. Un-intimidated by 
Cell's furious charge, Washu stood her ground, and right when Cell was about to 
collide into her, she nailed him with a lethal uppercut to his already-softened 
chin, stopping him in his tracks.

Washu: Gotcha!
  
Just when Cell was about to fall down, he leaned back up and grabbed ahold of 
Washu's right arm (the arm she used to punch him), all within the blink of an 
eye.

Washu: What the...?!?

Making use of the opening, Cell stuck his tail into the armor's energy pack 
(located on Washu's back), and siphoned all of the energy out of it.

Cell: Mmmmm. Fortifying.

Washu: Oh no! He's drained all of the power out of my suit! Even the reserves 
have been depleted! I...can't...move. This can mean only one thing... I'm 
screwed!

Powerless and unable to move, Washu was now a sitting duck for Cell, who crushed 
her right hand like a soda can. Just then, Sasami and Robo-Ohki noticed that 
Washu was in danger, as Cell took to the sky with Washu in his grasp. 

Sasami: Oh no! Miss Washu's in trouble! Hurry, Ryo-Ohki!

Robo-Ohki quickly leapt on over to where Cell was.

Sasami: You let go of her, you ugly freak!

Cell: You want her? Come and get her!

Cell flipped Washu over and held her by her legs.

Sasami: *GASP!* He's going to do the same attack he did to Matori earlier. We 
must stop him now, Ryo-Ohki!

Washu *in pain*: No Sasami! Don't...

But Washu's warning was in vain, as Robo-Ohki leapt up to try and free Washu. 
Just as the mecha-cabbit was about to reach her target, Cell swung Washu like a 
bat, which sent Robo-Ohki flying out of control. A loud "PWANG" could be heard 
upon impact. Cell then finished the duo off with a powerful single-handed ki 
blast, sending them out of the battlefield. 

Sasami *screaming*: WHHAAAAAAA!!!!!.....

Everyone: SASAMI!!!

Robo-Ohki's "miyas" of panic could also be heard in the distance as she and 
Sasami went careening out of the city.

Cell: Hmph. That takes care of the little girl and her pet robot. Now, as for 
you, my dear Washu, I'm impressed that your armor was able to withstand that 
last attack. But, let's see how durable it really is.

Cell tossed Washu up into the air and fired a rapid barrage of ki blasts, 
damaging the outer casing of her armor. As she fell toward the ground, the 
android appeared right above Washu and punched her hard in the face, shattering 
the front of her armor's helmet. She then landed hard atop a parked car and fell 
unconscious. 

Everyone: WASHU!!!

Cell: Now to claim my rewa...wait a second. *thinking to himself* Whenever I 
render one of Tenchi's friends unconscious, another one steps in and prevents me 
from absorbing the other. Clever plan, but it won't work this time. Go ahead and 
bring on the next opponent. I'll be waiting.

Having sensed a pattern from all of the previous attacks, Cell simply stood 
still in mid-air, awaiting the next attack.

Ayeka summoned forth her guardians.

Ayeka: Azaka! Kamidake! 

Azaka and Kamidake: Yes, princess?

Ayeka: Ready the ULTIMATE attack!

Azaka: *GASP!* You don't mean...!

Kamidake: You can't be serious!

Ayeka: We have no other choice! Right now, we're the only ones standing between 
Cell and Lord Tenchi. If we don't stop Cell now, Lord Tenchi will... I can't 
even bear to think about what that hideous abomination will do to him!

Azaka and Kamidake: Very well then, Miss Ayeka.

The two guardians and Ayeka began powering up their most powerful attack. A 
different color energy field surrounded each person; Azaka's was blue, 
Kamidake's was red, and Ayeka's was purple. None of this escaped Cell's notice, 
however, and as the android watched, he began secretly powering up an ultimate 
attack of his own. Soon, both combatants were ready to unleash their devastating 
attacks upon his/her opponent. Sensing that a lot damage was going to take 
place, Tenchi and Sakuya took cover inside the remains of Tenchi's high school.

Azaka and Kamidake: We're ready and standing by, Miss Ayeka.

Ayeka: Good. Standby to open fire on my command.

Both Ayeka and Cell had each other in their sights.

Ayeka/Cell: Now! Ultra-Mega-Hyper-Sheild.../Galick Gun...
Ayeka/Cell: ATTACK!!/FIRE!!

Both attacks collided into one-another with a ferocious impact, sending out a 
shockwave that tossed the unconscious bodies of Ryoko, Mihoshi, and Kiyone in 
all directions. Neither of the attacks showed any signs of letting up, until...

Ayeka: Keep it up! I think we're winning!

Cell *thinking to himself*: Hrmmm... those three are more powerful than I had 
expected, but you can only be so powerful before someone greater usurps you from 
your throne.

Cell: KAIOKEN X2!!

All of a sudden, Cell's Galick Gun received a huge power boost and started 
overpowering Ayeka's Ultra-Mega-Hyper-Shield Attack. The trio was soon 
overwhelmed, and the ensuing explosion from Cell's attack sent Ayeka and the 
guardians flying into the side of a building, where Azaka and Kamidake were 
buried underneath tons of rubble, and Ayeka was slammed hard against the wall. 
Before succumbing to unconsciousness, Ayeka's last thoughts were focused on 
Tenchi. 

Ayeka: T-Ten..chi...

No longer hearing the sounds of battle, and thinking that Ayeka had taken care 
of Cell, Tenchi and Sakuya emerged from the high school, only to discover that 
Cell was the victor. Tenchi looked to his left and noticed that Ayeka was 
unconscious against the side of a building.

Tenchi: AYEKA!!!

Cell slowly descended to the ground, arms folded. 

Cell: And then, there were two.

Tenchi: Run, Sakuya, run!

Tenchi and Sakuya tried to retreat back into the school, but Cell simply lifted 
up two fingers, and performed his Bakuhatsuha attack, creating a large explosion 
underground which destroyed the rest of Tenchi's high school, and cut the duo 
off from escaping.

Cell: Leaving already? But I was having such fun. Oh well, time to bring this 
game to an end.

Both Tenchi and Sakuya were too scared to move. 

Sakuya *scared*: What do we do now, Tenchi!? 

Tenchi: Don't worry, Sakuya. I have a plan.

Meanwhile, some distance away, Robo-Ohki continued flying through the air; 
sirens and warning lights were going off inside her cockpit. The central monitor 
read: "WARNING! Maximum damage limit has been reached! Reverting to normal form 
in 55 seconds!" She eventually landed a few seconds later, dragging to a stop 
along the street and creating a long groove in the road in the process. Sasami 
bailed out of Robo-Ohki just in time for her to revert back into her cabbit 
form.

Sasami: I have to get back to Tenchi and the others, they could be in big 
trouble!

Picking up the now-unconscious Ryo-Ohki (complete with swirls for eyes, a la 
Pokemon), Sasami headed off to try and find Tenchi and company. She soon came 
across a sign stating that Tenchi's high school was 2 miles away. 

Sasami: I have to hurry, but if I run the entire way back, I'll be too tired to 
defend myself from Cell.

Sasami started walking as fast as she could, hoping that Tenchi and friends were 
doing OK. Along the way, Sasami discovered clothes scattered all over the city, 
as well as a whole bunch of damaged buildings, and realized that Cell had been 
through this part of the city before.

Back over at the battleground that was Tenchi's high school, Tenchi faced 
towards Cell, somewhat scared, but unwilling to back down.

Tenchi: I won't forgive you for what you've done, Cell. You've taken the lives 
of so many people, beaten up or consumed all of my friends, and for what? Just 
so that you can achieve your mad dream of perfection? Your time has come, demon. 
This day will be your last!

Cell: Bold words, coming from someone who's about to die. Besides, how are you 
going to stop me? By berating me to death?

Tenchi: No, I plan on stopping you with this. *whispering* Sakuya, please step 
back.

Tenchi pulled out the seven crystals that the girls gave him earlier. He placed 
them next to each other, and watched as they started glowing as they hovered in 
mid-air. Within a few moments, a bright flash occurred, and in place of where 
the crystals were floating appeared a giant crystal-like sword, glowing with 
power. Cell was amazed by the power emanating from the sword. 

Cell *surprised*: Wha... What's this?!?!? This must be it! The power I sensed 
before coming here! *thinking to himself* So, it wasn't the boy's power level I 
felt, when, in fact, it was the sword's. Amazing!

Sakuya *amazed*: T-Tenchi?!

Tenchi: Sakuya, please move away from me, now.

Sakuya: But Tenchi, I...

Before Sakuya could say another word, Tenchi dashed toward Cell, sword in tow, 
and swung it down upon him. Cell caught the blade between both his hands, but 
had trouble freeing the sword from Tenchi's grasp. Suddenly, Cell noticed that 
the sword's power was starting to overwhelm him; slowly, small pieces of Cell 
started evaporating, weakening the android with each piece lost. Just when it 
looked as though Tenchi had gained the upper hand, Cell started to increase his 
ki dramatically. 

Cell *struggling*: I...will not...be beaten...by... a mere...WEAPON!!

Using a large amount of his remaining ki, Cell unleashed a brutal ki backlash, 
which forced Tenchi to lose his grip on the sword, sent him flying back a few 
yards, and shattered the sword all at once. 

Sakuya: Tenchi!!!

While in mid-air, the shattered weapon reverted back into seven crystals. 
Weakened but still able to move, Cell snatched all seven of the crystals from 
out of mid-air. 

Tenchi: NO! The crystals... 

Cell:...Are all mine!

Cell swallowed the seven crystals, and triggered a horrifying transformation, 
much to the horror of Tenchi and Sakuya. Not only did he fully restore himself, 
he now had a giant crystal in the middle of his chest. 

Cell: YES! I can feel my ki rising rapidly! Never before have I felt such power. 
And I have you to thank for all of this, Tenchi Masaki!

Meanwhile, at Kami's sky palace, a piercing feeling of dread washed over Goku.

Goku: No! It can't be! 

Gohan: What is it, father? 

Goku: All of the unknown fighters' power levels have dropped greatly. And to 
make matters worse, Cell has absorbed their most powerful warrior and become 
more powerful than ever before. 

Gohan: Darn it! We have to put a stop to him now! 

Goku: Gohan! Wait!

Before Gohan could take off, Goku punched his son hard in the stomach, and thus 
prevented him from leaving. 

Gohan *in pain*: Father...why?

Goku: Sorry son, but I don't want you to risk getting killed by someone who's 
far more powerful than you are. Besides, leave Cell to Vegeta and Trunks, once 
their training in the Room of Spirit and Time is completed. And if they can't 
take of him, then we will, once we've finished our training, of course.

Gohan: Gosh, dad, you're right.

Just then, a loud "BONG" echoed throughout the halls of Kami's palace. It was 
the signal that Vegeta and Trunks had completed their 24 hours of training in 
the Room of Spirit and Time. Goku and Gohan rushed over to the entrance of the 
ROSAT, where the door had just opened up. Out emerged Trunks, sporting longer 
hair, followed by Vegeta, who looked no different than he did before. Both of 
them looked battle-worn, but Goku and Gohan could tell that they were much 
stronger than before.

Back at the battlefield:

Cell: Well, Tenchi, I must thank you for granting me such power. Now no one, not 
even the androids, will be able to stop me. At last, my dream of achieving 
perfection will become a reality. As a reward for your generous donation, you 
get to become a part of me. Be sure to say "Hi" to your friends, Amagasaki, 
Misa, Akari and Hitomi. MWAHAHAHAHAAAA!!!!

Cell aimed and extended his tail toward Tenchi, who stood in a defensive 
position and closed his eyes. Just when his tail was about to make contact with 
Tenchi, Sakuya jumped in front of Tenchi and took the attack that was intended 
for him. Cell's tail impaled Sakuya through her stomach, which forced her to 
collapse on the ground. Tenchi was amazed, shocked, and horrified by Sakuya's 
act of bravery.

Tenchi: Sakuya!!!

Tenchi ran over to where Sakuya lay and gripped her hand. Tears began running 
down his cheeks.

Tenchi *saddened*: Sakuya...why? Why did you sacrifice yourself to Cell's 
attack?

Sakuya *dying*: Tenchi, I didn't want to see you die. I realize now that all of 
your friends put their lives on the line in order to save you. Don't worry about 
me anymore, Tenchi. You still have six lovely women who would rather die for you 
than see you get killed. But remember this... I love you. I always have, and I 
always will. Don't ever forget about me...*

Sakuya died in Tenchi's arms. He could feel her hand slipping away as she was 
slowly being absorbed by Cell. Soon, all that was left of her were her clothes. 

Tenchi: SAKUYAAAA!!! NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!

TO BE CONTINUED...

And so ends chapter 4 of Cell-Out. Wow! Talk about a real cliffhanger! Anyways, 
here's a preview of chapter 5:

Oh no! Sakuya's dead! And to make matters worse, all of Tenchi's friends have 
been defeated. Is this the end of Tenchi Masaki?! (To quote Mr. T: "Don't bet on 
it, foo'!) In the next chapter, Trunks. Vegeta. 'Nuff said! Be here for chapter 
5 of Cell-Out!

I have way too many people to thank, so I'll thank the noteworthy people: Rowan 
Seven, for his continuous feedback since chapter 1, Sam Packwood, for sending me 
the most serious feedback (would've also said longest feedback, but Rowan Seven 
just beat him out), and David Spergel, John Baervel, CeliaSetsuna@aol.com, 
myukatenrai112@aol.com, and hotluvchef@aol.com for their most recent feedback 
since the last chapter. But most importantly, I'd like to thank you, the reader, 
for checking out this latest chapter. Oh, and the surprise is still coming; 
prepare thyselves. Finally, I'd like to thank everyone for being SO incredibly 
patient in waiting for chapter 4 to be completed. Thanks so much, and remember, 
please please PLEASE send all feedback to insaneben@yahoo.com. See ya next 
chapter!

