Disclaimer:  All characters portrayed in this story are the property of 
their respective creators and companies.  I don't own any of them.  
Please don't sue me. 

This story takes place after volume 38 of the Ranma manga.  It draws 
ideas from anime of all the series involved. 

This is special number 2 of my crossover series and takes place after 
the first one. 

C & C welcomed.  Flames not. 

A Ranma/Sailor Moon/Ah! My Goddess/Tenchi Muyo!/Yu Yu Hakusho/Nuku 
Nuku/Darkstalkers crossover 

Chocolates, Chocolates, and More Chocolates 

By 

Donny Cheng 

 Ranma awoke as he felt someone prodding his body.  "What is it..?  
Erk!"  Botan, the spirit guide for the dead, stood over him. 

 "Ranma, your time has come!  I've come for your body."  Botan's voice 
was disturbingly quiet. 

 "I'm dead!?  How?"  Ranma didn't feel any different.  Akane didn't try 
to feed him last night, so it couldn't be that. 

 "Who said anything about you being dead?  I said that I've come for 
your body," Botan giggled.  Her merriment did nothing to hide the 
longing in her eyes.  Maybe it wasn't all that much of a joke after all.  
Ranma, of course, didn't notice any of this. 

 "Jeez, I hate it when you do that," Ranma groaned.  Botan had one of 
the weirdest humors he knew of.  "What did you want, Botan?" 

 "Oh, just this."  Botan suddenly became nervous as she handed to him 
the box she had carefully wrapped this morning. 

 Curious, Ranma took the box.  He started to shake it as if he could 
tell what it was by the sound. 

 "No," Botan nearly screamed, "don't shake it.  Just open it when you 
have the time.  Um, I have to go now.  Koenma only allowed me five 
minutes for a break."  Botan then hopped back on board her paddle-like 
transport.  She wrestled with herself internally as she looked at 
Ranma's confused face.  Fighting down a blush, she added, "And, it comes 
from the bottom of my heart." 

 Ranma waved goodbye to Botan as she left.  He then turned his attention 
on the box.  Carefully, like Botan had said, he opened it.  His eyes 
took in the contents and his heart stopped.  He quickly looked up at the 
wall where a calendar hung.  Valentine's Day.  A day when girls gave 
chocolates to the boys that they liked.  A feeling of dread came over 
him.  Funny, he never figured that he would die so young. 

   * * * * * 

 Nodoka busily went around the kitchen cleaning up the mess in the 
kitchen caused the previous night's activities.  Despite all the work 
that stood before her, she had smile on her face.  Today was going to be 
a very great day if last night was any indication.  She hadn't been 
surprised when a timid Akane had come to her asking for help making a 
batch of chocolates.  What did surprise her was Ukyo, one of Ranma 
suitors, also came asking for help in making sweets.  Shampoo came not 
much later.  It seemed growing up as a boy or as an amazon didn't give a 
person much experience on Valentine's Day.  Nodoka had been more than 
glad to help the girls in their pursuit of her son.  Her son's manliness 
overwhelmed her sometimes. 

 [Oh, wife!]  A panda bear came up to her holding the sign. 

 Nodoka looked at the flowers in her husband's furry paws.  "Let's get 
us some how water," she murmured breathlessly.  This was a good day to 
thank him for getting her manly son so many wonderful fiancées. 
  

   * * * * * 

 "That little... When I get my hands on her, she's going to wish she'd 
never been born!"  Rei was furious as she roamed about the temple. 

 "We don't know for sure, Rei.  Usagi already has Mamoru.  You don't 
really think that she would visit another boy just because he's away at 
America do you?" Ami meekly tried to intercede on Usagi's behalf, but 
gave up when the rest of the girls stared at her with disbelief.  Their 
princess would do it and in a moment. 

 "Come on, let's get there before she hogs him to herself."  Minako 
cradled a small package in her hands.  Honestly, they all worked hard at 
Makoto's to make these and Usagi was going to be there first.  Some 
people have all the nerve.  She grabbed Artemis, slung him over her 
shoulder, and raced out the door. 

 Makoto bigsweated.  "She left without us." 

 "Well, what are we waiting for?  Let's go too!"  Rei and the rest 
quickly followed after Minako. 

   * * * * * 

 "So the other girls ran out on you, hey?" Haruka asked Chibi-Usa as the 
little tot and Hotaru got their packages ready.  A grin crept up on to 
her face.  She didn't envy her former rival at this moment.  She almost 
felt pity for Ranma.  Almost. 

 Chibi-Usa nodded, "That Usagi!  What kind of mother does that to her 
daughter?" 

 "Haruka, wait a moment!" Michiru called out to them before they could 
leave.  She ran up and placed a small gift-wrapped box in Haruka's 
hands.  "Better not be late tonight," she winked at the now very red 
Haruka before leaving. 

 "What was that all about?" Hotaru asked as they got into the car. 

 If possible, Haruka blushed even more.  "I... I'll tell you about it 
when you're older." 

   * * * * * 

 Keiichi didn't think anyone could be happier than he was at the moment.  
Belldandy at his side and a box of chocolates between them.  Urd and 
Skuld out of the house.  Nothing can be more perfect.  Hmm...  Where 
were Urd and Skuld? 
  
   * * * * * 

 Skuld blushed as she her thoughts began to wander again.  How was she 
to know that Ranma was taking a bath that time she visited?  Ever since 
popping up out of the Tendo Dojo's furo and into Ranma's arms, she 
decided to walk there anytime she wanted to see Ranma.  Strangely, she 
felt saddened by her choice.  She blushed again as she the thought of 
Ranma's body flitted past her mind again.  She knew one thing, she 
couldn't wait to see him again. 

   * * * * * 

 Urd smiled as she held a chocolate piece in front of her for 
inspection.  Perfect!  Ranma was just going to love this.  Wow, working 
in the kitchen all this time made her thirsty.  She glanced at the 
bottle of extra super strong special sake beside her.  It was empty.  
Maybe she used a tad too much for the centers in the chocolate pieces.  
Oh well, it just meant she would have to wait until she and Ranma shared 
them with each other.  Hahaha! 

   * * * * * 

 Morrigan smiled as she held a chocolate piece in front of her for 
inspection.  Perfect!  Ranma was just going to love this.  She glanced 
at the various potions in front of her.  If this didn't make Ranma lose 
he inhibitions, nothing would.  That boy was just too naïve at times.  
What did he think she wanted when she visited him last week in the 
middle of the night wearing even less than she usually did?  Of course, 
Lilith, the other part of her soul, thought that it was cute and made 
her leave before she could educate him further.  This time, she wouldn't 
listen to that little minx and Ranma will be hers.  Hehehe! 

   * * * * * 

 Kodachi smiled as she held a chocolate piece in front of her for 
inspection.  Perfect!  Ranma-sama was just going to love this.  She 
glanced at the various paralysis potions in front of her.  Honestly, how 
did Ranma expect her to catch him if he kept on moving all the time.  
She could imagine what would happen when she held him in her arms.  
Hohoho! 

   * * * * * 

 "Ryoko, so do you understand?"  Ryoko asked herself. 

 "Of course, what do you take me for?"  Ryoko replied to herself. 

 "Just what do you think you're doing?"  Ayeka asked as walked outside 
of the temple to where the Ryokos stood. 

 "None of your business!"  Both Ryokos said simultaneously. 

 "You aren't thinking of splitting up and going to Nerima are you?  I 
always knew that you weren't right for Tenchi with your lecherous ways."  
Ayeka looked at the two Ryokos with disdain. 

 The Ryokos became one again and energy started forming in her hands.  
"Oh?  And to why does it seem that you have two packages in your hand?  
I don't suppose one of them is for someone other than Tenchi." 

 Ayeka carefully put down the two boxes of chocolates in her hand down 
on a safer place.  Humans certainly had strange customs on special 
holidays.  One she set them down, she turned a faced Ryoko.  Electricity 
cackled all around her and their ongoing fight began anew. 

 Sasami and Washu watched this from the sidelines with bored 
expressions.  Fortunately they had both handed their gifts for Ranma to 
Ryo-ohki to take to him in advance.  They were both free to spend the 
day with Tenchi when he got back from his chores. 

   * * * * * 

 Kyusaku shook his head with disbelief as he finished off another batch 
of chocolates.  Nine hundred more to go.  When he had told Nuku Nuku 
that girls made chocolates and gave them to boys on Valentine's day, he 
never expected her to make them for every boy in school.  It took him 
awhile to explain that the 'like' she felt for Ranma was one that really 
mattered on this special day.  After hearing that, his daughter bounded 
out the door as fast she could. 

 <Ring> <Ring> 

 Kyusaku stopped in midst of eating yet another chocolate pieces and 
picked up the phone.  "Hello?" 

 "I've sent a baby sitter to the house.  Meet me at eight at the old 
place.  Oh, and do bathe and dress nicely."  Came a cold sounding voice 
from the other end. 

 <Click> 

 Kyusaku glared at the phone.  For some reason, he couldn't hold it on 
his face.  It kept dropping into a foolish looking grin. 

   * * * * * 

 Ranma stared at water as he stood near the bridge's railing.  He had 
made sure to choose a different bridge this time so he could not be 
found.  Why couldn't he keep his big mouth shut!?  He questioned himself 
for what felt like the hundredth time. 

 The day had been a disaster the moment the first of the girls started 
to appear.  The moment he was offered one box of chocolates another 
offer came right behind.  It didn't take long for them to compete who 
would get him to eat whose chocolates first. 

 The later events became a blur in his memory.  Somehow or other, Urd, 
Morrigan, and Kodachi each managed to stuff a piece of chocolate in his 
face.  It had the weird of affect of making him speak his mind.  
Literally!  He briefly remembered his exact words to them as being 
'LEAVE ME ALONE, ALL OF YOU'.  He cringed as he thought at how loud he 
must have sounded.  The only thing he wanted to do now was curl up and 
die. 

 "I don't think that such a good idea," A feminine voice called out. 

 "Huh?"  Ranma broke out of his depression thoughts and looked at the 
woman in front of him.  She was tall with long flowing hair.  Her face, 
while beautiful, held an ageless quality making it hard to determine her 
exact age.  She seemed be anywhere from her late teens to her late 
twenties.  Had she read his mind? 

 "Standing so close to the railing I mean," she explained to Ranma. 

 "Oh.  Don't worry, I wasn't about the jump or anything stupid.  I guess 
I just didn't notice how close I was to the edge," Ranma assured her. 

 "A lot on your mind?  Sometimes it helps to let out your feelings 
rather than let them fester inside of you.  I'm not going anywhere 
soon." 

 Ranma felt himself drawn in by the kind and comforting tone.  He soon 
related the entire day's events to her.  "...then I rushed out of there 
and here I am," Ranma finished and reached for another piece of 
chocolate the lady had kindly offered to share with him.  She didn't 
seem to eat any herself though. 

 "And here you are.  I'm sure the girls would forgive you for your 
outburst.  It was understandable under the circumstances." 

 "Oh, I know they will.  They're all really nice, despite how some of 
them act sometimes.  In truth, it might have been the best thing I've 
ever done, walking out like that.  If I had stayed, they would have 
continued fighting over me, getting angry at each other..." 

 "...and you figured that this way they will all be angry at you 
instead.  Ranma, Ranma, Ranma," she sighed as gently admonished him.  
"Do you really think this would make them happier?  The only reason, the 
girls came to you in the first place was to be with you.  Why?  Because 
today is a special day to many girls, and who better to spend it with 
then the boy they like.  Sure, they may fight, but I think they would be 
more then willing to put aside their differences if it meant they could 
enjoy this holiday with you.  Why don't you give them another chance?  
I'm sure it will turn out better." 

 Ranma believed her.  He didn't know why, but he felt as if could trust 
this stranger.  Stranger?  He rubbed his head sheepishly.  "Thank you, 
um, Miss..." 

 "Setsuna.  Call me Setsuna, Ranma." 

 "Miss Set... um, I mean Setsuna.  Thank you for your advice.  Oops, I 
accidentally ate all of your chocolates.  Sorry, about that."  She must 
have been saving them for her boyfriend.  Now he blew it. 

 Surprisingly, Setsuna seemed to be pleased rather than angry with him.  
"That's okay, Ranma.  They were going to go to waste whether you ate 
them or not."  Setsuna then turned and left. 

 Ranma didn't believe her.  A wonderful woman like that had to have a 
boyfriend.  She was just being kind to him by not telling him otherwise. 

   * * * * * 

 "You must have it bad, Urd.  I can't imagine you in a kitchen making 
chocolate."  Morrigan laughed at that thought. 

 Urd glared but then schooled her features.  "I suppose those chocolates 
of yours are store bought?" she asked cooly. 

 "No, I made them from..." Morrigan grimaced.  Urd caught her with her 
own words.  She must have had it bad, if she was so besotted with the 
boy that she couldn't even think straight. 

 Ryo-ohki suffered under the ministrations of the various girls as they 
each took turns petting her.  Perhaps, suffered is the right word for 
how she felt.  Skuld seem to take more than her fair share of the time 
though.  Nobody commented on the hammer she held in her arm as she 
looked at Ryo-ohki was a gleam in her eyes. 

 Usagi stared at the others like at deer at an oncoming car.  "It's not 
what you think!  He's my cousin!  Can't I do something nice for a family 
member?" 

 "No!" came the resounding reply from Rei and Minako.  Ami's 'no' was 
much softer. 

 Nuku Nuku stood by Shampoo talking about the art of being a waitress.  
The two girls had become great friends in the short time that they knew 
each other. 

 Makoto asked Ukyo for tips on making okonomiyaki.  They too hit it off 
after they each learned their dreams of becoming a chef was similar. 

 Kodachi seemed to be in a daze.  Her Ranma-sama thanked her as he ate 
the only piece of chocolate of her gift not lace with paralysis potion.  
She decided to take that as a compliment. 

 Akane smiled as she watched Ranma eat a piece of her chocolate and 
didn't complain.  He actually complimented her.  The only thing that 
puzzled her was why he asked her if there was any salt left. 

 Chibi-Usa and Hotaru, being viewed as little girls, didn't receive much 
attention as they hogged most of Ranma's time. 

 It was an odd gathering.  Ranma surrounded by girls smiling and handing 
him their gifts.  For once, he believed that their smiles weren't 
entirely forced.  Setsuna was right.  The only thing on the girls' minds 
when he reappeared was if he was okay.  After that, it didn't take much 
convincing to tell them to behave or he would leave again.  All in all, 
he just felt glad to be alive. 

   * * * * * 

 Ayeka and Ryoko picked themselves off the ground and groaned.  Their 
fight had lasted the whole day.  Looking up, they groaned again that the 
scene before them. 

 "Thank you, Mihoshi, for your chocolates."  Tenchi came out with Sasami 
and Washu as they saw Mihoshi off.1 

 "That's okay!  I like this earth custom.  It was fun."  Mihoshi waved 
good bye and left. 

 Ayeka and Ryoko plopped back down on the ground. 

   * * * * * 

The End. (maybe)