Jusenkyo Productions Proudly Presents

A Ranma 1/2, Ah! My Goddess!, Tenchi Muyo!, and Bubblegum Crisis Holiday
cross over.

The Twelve Days of Christmas.

Ranma 1/2, AMG, TM, and BGC are owned by very talented people whom I am
deeply in debt to. I beg that they please don’t sue me, but if you really
want payment, I would be more than glad to fix dinner for you all. (I wish)
The original song I have no clue who first wrote it, and don’t know if it
still belongs to anyone, or if it is the property of all.

Christmas is coming, The goose is getting fat, Please put a penny in the
old man’s hat.
Old English Christmas Poem

I don’t have to eat it to know it’s toxic.

Saotome Ranma on the subject of Tendo Akane’s cooking skills, or lack of
them.

This is the Aniverse, a multi-verse within the Multi-verse. Within the
Aniverse lies the many worlds of anime, but it could be said that within
the universe lie the many worlds of sit-coms. The Aniverse contains the
many worlds, universes, and planes of existence of the anime world. Most of
the time they do not touch, most of the time.

This is Heaven, it’s, well, Heaven. It is home to one who has had many
names and faces throughout history. He watches over the Multi-verse, but
for all that He is timeless, He feels a special attachment to this day. In
the Aniverse, as well as the universe, it is marked as December 25,
Christmas. In other realms, it is marked something else, but it always
falls on the same day throughout the Multi-verse.

No one knows why He feels this way, not even those who serve Him. Many a
religion has formed because of this day, and all are right, to a point.
After all, no one knows why He likes this day, and who would question Him?

Kami-sama sat back in His office. ‘Now where will I spend the Day?’ He
mused.

Hogs Watch Night was not as exciting anymore, and the thought of spending
the day in the universe really did not appeal to Him. Not after that last
trip, now everyone expected him to show up in that silly red suit and those
smelly reindeer.

A knock on His door shook him out of His thoughts.

"Come in" He said.

She opened the door, in many ways it was a shame that she had fallen for
that human, but Kami-sama admitted to Himself, were as before she glowed,
now she was incandescent.

"Greetings Belldandy, how are you, your sisters and Keiichi?" He said.

"We are well Lord, and looking forward to the Day." Belldandy said. It was
general knowledge in Heaven that December 25 was not to be called by any of
the names that mortals gave it.

"So what brings you to Heaven?" Kami-sama asked.

"I have come Lord to ask a favor," she said.

"Ask child, you know it is my custom to listen, and grant many things
during this time."

Belldandy nodded, "Yes Lord I know. As you know Father, Skuld met the
Knight Saber Nene, and the genus Washu earlier this year."

Kami-sama nodded.

"Lord, we were wondering, could we invite them over for dinner that day?"
Belldandy asked.

Kami-sama was silent.

"Please Lord, I know you wish that the barriers between world remain, but
just for one day......?"

"On one condition I will grant this." He said.

"What is it Father?" Belldandy asked.

"That you hold it at the Masaki place."

"Yes Lord." Belldandy said bowing.

After she left Kami-sama started grinning. Now this looked like fun. There
were only 12 days to the Day left. ‘I wonder what she’ll make?’ He thought,
"I also hope she doesn’t mind a few extra guests.’

On the first day of Christmas Washu gave to me, a cabbit stuck in a pine
tree.

"What I want to know is how she got up there in the first place!" Ryoko
demanded.

Sasami smiled at the angry space pirate, "I think she wanted to help Tenchi
get a Christmas tree." The young princess said.

The she in question miyaa’d pitifully.

Ryoko turned to her spaceship, "You wanted to help Tenchi get a tree?" She
asked.

Ryo-Ohki nodded.

"Didn’t it occur to you to ask for help?" Ryoko asked.

Tears filled Ryo-Ohki’s eyes and she shook her head no.

"I don’t believe this," Ryoko mumbled to herself, "I swear Mom has gotten a
hold of you. Oh well." she sighed, and flew up to the top of the tree to
retrieve the cabbit. Ryo-Ohki purred, content that she was back on solid
ground, or at least Sasami’s head.

"Let’s head back home, I’m freezing out here." Ryoko said.

"Ryoko, what about the tree?" Sasami asked.

"Oh yeah." Ryoko said, slapping her fist into her palm. She called up her
energy sword and quickly sliced through the trunk of the tree. She picked
it up with one hand.

"OK Sasami, now let’s go."

When they returned back to the Masaki home, a grinning Washu and Tenchi
greeted them.

"What have you been up to?" Ryoko asked suspiciously.

Washu spoke first, "Remember Skuld and Nene?" she asked.

Ryoko nodded.

"Well they’re coming here this Christmas."

"And that’s not all, Grandpa said that my cousin was coming up from Tokyo
to spend Christmas with us too."

"That’s great Tenchi-nichan!" Sasami said, "What’s you’re cousins name?"

"Saotome Ranma, he’ll be bringing his family with him." Tenchi replied.

On the second day of Christmas Washu gave to me, 2 fiancées for Ranma, and
a cabbit stuck in a pine tree.

In Nerima, the day of December 25 was circled on every calendar, and was
looked forward to with anticipation. The Tendo Dojo was the same, except
with one difference, instead of anticipation, the day was looked on with
terror. The reason was apparent when one entered the kitchen, Akane was
cooking.

After watching an American Christmas special on TV, Akane had taken it into
her head that she would be the one to cook her family Christmas dinner. So
12 days before Christmas she had marched into the kitchen armed with her
mothers cookbook, Kasumi’s help, and determination not to fail. Overnight
the vermin population of Nerima became almost nil.

Ranma was in the dojo trying to come up with a way to sneak over to
Ucchan’s for Christmas. He really didn’t want to hurt Akane’s feelings, but
he would rather live through Christmas.

The dojo door opening cleared out of his head the grandiose plans he had
come up with. Framed in the doorway was his mother.

Ranma gave a little yelp of surprise before claiming down. It had been a
few months since his mother had found him and his father, but he still
started whenever she showed up.

Nakoda sighed inwardly, her son was still afraid of her and all because of
that damn promise her husband had made. Still, it was wonderful to have her
son back, and from what she had seen, Ranma truly had grown to be a man
among men. Smiling, Nakoda went to talk to her son.

Kasumi had been doing damage control in her kitchen, well at least trying
to. Keeping Akane from doing damage was like trying to keep the Titanic
from sinking. The sound of running alerted her that now would be a good
time not to stand in the door. Kasumi had just moved from the door when
Ranma burst through it.

"Guest what?! Mom just told me that we’re going to be spending Christmas
with my cousin." Ranma said excitedly.

Kasumi smiled, "Why that is good news Ranma, when are you leaving?"

"It’s not just me Kasumi, Mom said that my great uncle wanted to meet my
whole family, so he invited all of you and Ukyo as well." Ranma said.

"Oh my, that will be a lot of people, I hope they can handle that many.
What’s your cousin’s name Ranma?" Kasumi asked.

"Masaki Tenchi." Ranma replied, "And you know what the best part is? This
means I won’t have to eat Akane’s cooking!"

Someone behind Ranma tapped him on the shoulder. He turned to look at the
angry eyes of his intended.

"Ranma....." Akane started angrily

"Chill out Akane, this means we won’t be having to spend money on medical
bills." Ranma said backing away until he ran into the sink.

Akane grew even more enraged, ".....no BAKA!!!!!!!!!!" she screamed.

Kasumi looked at the new hole in the ceiling, through it could be seen the
rapidly disappearing Ranma. "I suppose I’ll have to get that fixed before
we leave." Kasumi said.

On the third day of Christmas Washu gave to me, three goddess, two
fiancée’s for Ranma, and a cabbit stuck in a pine tree.

Skuld was dreaming of a white Christmas, covered with hot fudge, whipped
cream, sprinkles, and a cherry on top.

"..... And we should go shopping before we leave to get everyone gifts.
Washu said that Tenchi’s Grandfather had invited his cousin and his family
to this." Belldandy was saying. She frowned a little, "Skuld, are you
listing to what I’m saying?"

"Huh? Sorry Oneechan, I was thinking how good it will be to see Nene and
Washu again." Skuld said.

Belldandy smiled at her younger sister, the few months that Nene spent with
Skuld were some of the young goddess’s happiest memories.

Keiichi and Urd joined them at the table.

"Belldandy, how are we going to get there? Urd said that Tenchi and the
others live in another world." Keiichi asked the goddess.

Skuld answered, "Simple, Nene said that she was going to bring the others
to Yggdrasil, all we need to do is meet them there, then go on to Tenchi’s
home."

"Oh" Keiichi said, remembering that Nene was the goddess of the Internet,
and her travel medium was through computers. "Then how are we going to get
to Yggdrasil?"

Belldandy smiled, "Leave that to Me." she said.

On the fourth day of Christmas Washu gave to me, four Knight Sabers, three
goddesses, two fiancées for Ranma, and a cabbit stuck in a pine tree.

Sylia Stingray looked out at the twinkling lights of Mega Tokyo. Behind
her, she could hear the rest of the Knight Sabers and her brother Mackie
make plans for Christmas. She allowed herself a small smile; not even Genom
could spoil this season.

"So when do we leave Nene?" Linna asked her friend. The shock that Nene not
only survived a blast that should have ended her life, but was in fact a
goddess had not changed the youngest Knight Saber too much. The problem
was, Sylia thought, the others are still unsure how to treat her. Nene was
now a goddess, but still acted like the young girl that everyone knew.

"Well as we have eight days until Christmas, I thought we could leave
tomorrow." Nene said.

"I still don’t see why we couldn’t just get drunk and go spray paint the
tower or something." Priss complained.

Sylia turned to the group, in many ways they were both her sisters and her
children. It looked like this time she would have to play mom.

"Because Priss, even we have to have a vacation sometimes. We would lose
our edge if we didn't. Knight Sabers go!.... On vacation."

Nene and Linna just stared at her. Priss looked at them, "Did I just hear
Sylia make a joke?" she asked.

They nodded mutely.

Priss rubbed her forehead, "Then I know we need a vacation."

The rest laughed and Sylia smiled inwardly, sometimes a bad joke got the
point across better than a long speech she thought.

On the fifth day of Christmas Washu gave to me, five Jusenkyo springs! Four
Knight Sabers, three Goddesses, two fiancées for Ranma, and a cabbit stuck
in a pine tree.

It was Christmas time at the training grounds of accursed springs. The
Jusenkyo Guide and his daughter Plum had gone back to their cabin after
turning insects into reindeer by dumping them into spring of drown reindeer
for the children of the amazon village.

"Father, I need to check my email." Plum said.

"I’ll log on for you, then make dinner." the Guide said.

He started the computer, but instead of the familiar Windows 95 screen,
four young women and a teenage boy popped out.

"Uh Nene, this doesn’t look like Yggdrasil." The black hair one with the
headband said.

Nene looked around; it was obvious she was having trouble concentrating.

"Nope, definitely not Yggdrasil, unless Kami-sama redecorated." For some
reason that struck her as hilariously funny and she doubled up laughing.

"Priss, did you give Nene that spiked egg nog?" Sylia asked.

"Well she said she wanted to relax." Priss said smirking.

Sylia sighed, "So where are we?"

The Guide spoke up at that point, "Here sirs you come to famous training
grounds of accursed springs, Jusenkyo."

That seemed to sober Nene up. "This is Jusenkyo?" She demanded.

The Guide nodded.

"Ahhhhh, everyone back into the computer! We’re leaving now!!!!!!" And with
that she started pushing them back towards the screen.

"Nene what’s wrong? What’s gotten into you?" Linna asked.

"You don’t want to know, now go!" Nene said and pushed them into the
computer. "I’m sorry about interrupting, Merry Christmas!" Then she was
gone.

Plum came in, "Father, what was that noise? Who were those people." She
asked.

"Someone who actually listen to what I tell them." The Jusenkyo Guide said.

On the sixth day of Christmas Washu gave to me, six hackers hacking, five
Jusenkyo springs! Four Knight Sabers, three goddesses, two fiancées for
Ranma, and a cabbit stuck in a pine tree.

After a few more wrong turns, Nene finally got them to Yggdrasil.
Belldandy, Urd, Skuld, and Keiichi were waiting for them, along with
someone else.

Nene went a bit pale, "Lord, why are you here?" She asked bowing.

The other Knight Sabers froze and looked at the young man who Nene had
spoken to.

"This is......?" Linna asked nervously.

Belldandy smiled, "Yes, this is our Father. Lord, I would like you to meet
Sylia, Priss, Linna, and Mackie, they’re Nene’s friends."

He faced them, "Nene has told me much about you. You are welcome to Heaven,
and my blessings upon you all." He then looked back at Nene, "So this is
the one? A good choice, almost as good as Keiichi."

Nene blushed about the same color as her hair. "Lord!!!" She wailed.

Kami-sama smiled, "Even I have my fun. To answer your question Nene, I have
decided to come with you to celebrate the Day." He looked at them all
sternly, "It is my command that none of you revile who I am to the others.
They will find out."

"Yes Lord." They all said bowing.

He smiled, "Now that that’s taken care of, let us go to the Masaki house
and...." He paused for a second, "How do you say it Urd? Oh yes, Let’s
paaaarrrrty!"

Everyone looked at Him.

"Great, first Sylia makes a joke, then God, what’s next Linna having a boy
friend longer than six weeks?" Priss said.

"Priss I heard that!" Linna snapped.

"I hope Washu remembered to leave a computer on for us." Belldandy said.

"Oneechan, this is Washu were talking about." Skuld said.

"Oh, I suppose you’re right." She replied.

Then they were gone.

On the seventh day of Christmas Washu gave to me, seven P-chans squealing,
six hackers hacking, five Jusenkyo springs! Four Knight Sabers, three
goddesses, two fiancées for Ranma, and a cabbit stuck in a pine tree.

The long train ride from Nerima, and the even longer drive from the station
to the Masaki house was made without any fighting by Ranma and Akane. Most
likely it was from Ranma being so excited about seeing his cousin Tenchi
again, and Akane being happy that she had found P-chan just before they had
left the Tendo Dojo. Or it could be that Nakoda had placed herself between
the two and had sat Ukyo away from both of them.

The rented van halted to a stop in front of the Masaki house. Ranma looked
up and frowned a bit, "I thought that their house was in the city." He
said.

"It was, but your uncle said something about having it moved to the base of
the shrine." Nakoda said.

The Tendo sisters looked around. The area had been hit with a light
snowstorm the day before, and the trees and ground had been dusted with
snow.

"Oh, it’s lovely." Kasumi said.

"All a shore who’s going a shore." Soun said holding open the door.

"Thank you father." Kasumi said.

"Thanks for the ride Mr. Saotome." Ukyo said.

"Yeah Pop, good thing we didn’t have P-chan driving, or we would have never
got here."

P-chan squealed angrily.

"Ranma I told you not to pick on him!" Akane said angrily.

Nakoda sighed and moved between the two. "Now children, no fighting while
we are here."

"Yes Auntie Saotome." Akane said.

"Ranma?" Nakoda asked with a warning tone.

"Yes mom." Ranma said.

Nakoda smiled, "Now lets go greet your cousin."

In the Masaki house a similar conversation was taking place.

"Now I don’t want any strange things going on. My cousin is a normal person
and doesn’t need to be frighten out of his wits by space pirates fighting
princess and goddesses doing tricks." Tenchi was saying in an unusually
firm tone of voices.

"Yes Tenchi-sama." Ayeka said.

"Ryoko?" Tenchi asked.

"You’re taking all the fun out of this Tenchi. " She complained.

Tenchi looked at her.

"Yes Tenchi, I promise to be good." Ryoko said with a sigh.

"IO-sama, why are you smiling?" Washu asked Him.

Kami-sama, who had introduced Himself as Belldandy’s brother IO, grinned at
the genius. "Ranma is a bit less normal that Tenchi thinks he is. I wonder
if you are prepared for him."

Washu was about to reply when there was a knock on the door.

"That must be them." Tenchi said, and went to answer the door.

In it were Genma, Soun, and Nakoda.

"Uncle and Aunt Saotome!" Tenchi said. He looked questionably at Soun, "And
you are sir?"

"This is my dear old friend Soun Tendo." Genma said.

"I am happy to meet you sir, Uncle Saotome has told me about you." Tenchi
said bowing.

Soun smiled and was about to say something when a shout interrupted him.

"All right Masaki, get out here, you and I have some unfinished business to
attend to!"

Tenchi grinned, then his face grew stern, "You have a lot of nerve showing
up here Saotome." He shouted back.

In the path Ranma stood in a battle ready stance, "So what are you going to
do about it?" He demanded.

"Why that young...." Ryoko started. She was restrained by Yosho.

"Don’t worry Ryoko, this happens every time Ranma comes to visit." Yosho
said.

"Well I’m waiting." Ranma said.

"Excuse me, I have to deal with a loud mouth jerk!" The last part was said
so that Ranma could hear it. Tenchi stepped out the door an on to the path.

"So, you finally show yourself." Ranma said.

"I have manners which you lack!" Tenchi replied.

With a yell both boys leaped at each other. When they came down, both were
hugging each other and laughing.

"I’ve missed you Ten-chan." Ranma said finally.

"You too Ran-chan." Tenchi said.

Akane and P-chan just started at Ranma as if he had lost his marbles.

"Sparing latter tonight?" Ranma asked.

"Sure, we’ll go up to Grandpa’s house to do it. There are some others who
would like to join us." Tenchi said.

"Sounds cool." Ranma said, then noticed everyone else. "Uh, I better
introduce you. This is Tendo Akane, and her sisters Nabiki, and Kasumi."

"I am please to meet you all." Tenchi said bowing.

"And I’m sure you remember Ukyo." Ranma finished.

"That’s Ucchan?" Tenchi asked.

Ukyo smiled and hugged him. Yosho restrained Ryoko, and Washu and Sasami
held Ayeka back.

Tenchi pointed to the group that was surrounding him. "Well these are my
friends. This is Ryoko, Ayeka, Washu, Sasami, Belldandy, Urd, Skuld,
Keiichi, Nene, Sylia, Priss, Linna, and Mackie." He said.

The Tendo’s and the Saotome’s bowed, and everyone bowed back. Kami-sama
came up on the group with Yosho.

"Oh, and this is Belldandy’s brother IO, and you remember my grandfather."
Tenchi finished.

While the rest of them were exchanging greetings, P-chan started squealing
and pointing up franticly.

"What is it P-chan?" Akane asked.

"Bweiiiii!!!!!!!" P-chan said.

The all looked up at a rapidly descending light.

"Oh my!" Belldandy and Kasumi said together.

The object hit the water sending a huge wave the soaked everyone. When it
subsided Mihoshi and Kiyone stood in very wet uniforms on the dock.

"Why Mihoshi?! Why didn’t you fire the thrusters?" Kiyone demanded of her
scattered brain partner.

Tenchi sighed, the secret was out of the bag now, he turned to his cousin,
only to find that a red haired pig tailed girl had replaced Ranma. Next to
his aunt stood a large panda.

"Uhhhh, I can explain." Ranma chan said.

"So can I." Tenchi said.

Yosho clasped both young, uh, men on the shoulder, "Let’s go inside, dry
off, and then we can explain then." He said leading them inside.

The last one in, IO paused, "This is going to be the best Day ever!"

On the eighth day of Christmas Washu gave to me, eight panty thieves a
stealing, seven P-chan’s squealing, six hackers hacking, five Jusenkyo
Springs! Four Knight Sabers, three goddesses, two fiancées for Ranma, and a
cabbit stuck in a pine tree.

It was after the explanation, an explanation filled with goddesses, curses,
space pirates, aliens, and people from the future.

Ranma sat shaking his head, "If I hadn’t had seen worse, I wouldn’t have
believed it." He said.

Tenchi sighed, "I feel the same, you still up for that sparing?" He asked.

Ranma nodded, "You better believe it. Who else wanted to tag along?"

"Linna said she wanted to." Tenchi said.

Ranma looked at his cousin, "Is she good?" he asked.

"One of the best." Tenchi replied.

In the end everyone except Belldandy, Kasumi, and Sasami who were cooking,
and Mihoshi who was watching TV, went to go see this sparing match.

They went up to the shrine’s courtyard where Linna, Ranma, and Tenchi were
trying to figure out what to do.

"Well how about this." Linna was saying, "You and I both know Tenchi’s
fighting style, we don’t know each others. How about we start, the winner
faces Tenchi?"

"Sounds fair to me." Ranma said, "First blood, knock out, or yield?" he
asked.

"Yield." Linna replied. "Mr. Tendo, Mr. Saotome, could you please judge?"

The two martial artists nodded. Tenchi stood between them.

"Ready?" he asked.

Priss, who was standing next to Akane said, "This will be a short fight,
Linna’s going to kick his butt."

Akane looked at Priss, "I wouldn’t bet on it," she said.

"I would." Priss said.

"If Ranma wins, you do my share of the dishes. If Linna wins, I’ll do
yours, deal?"

"Deal!" Priss said, "I hate house work."

The two martial artists nodded to Tenchi.

"Sylia, if you would please give the go ahead." Tenchi said.

Sylia raised an eyebrow but said, "As you wish, sanjo!"

The fight began. Linna sent out a probing kick, which Ranma easily dodged._
‘He’s fast, I’ll have to watch myself.’ Linna thought.

A few more fast kicks and punches where thrown, all of which Ranma got out
of the way of. Linna wasn’t even getting close to touching him.

"Could you at least attack back?" Linna demanded.

Ranma shrugged, "If you want me to," he said.

"Yes I would! I want to see how fast you are." Linna said from clenched
teeth.

Ranma shrugged again.

"Here it comes." Akane said to Priss.

"Tenshin amaguri-ken!" Ranma shouted and launched a fury of punches. Linna
was able to block the first couple, but the rest got through. They weren’t
hard; in fact all Ranma was doing was making enough contact so Linna
realized that she was getting touched. A second latter, Ranma stopped.

"Is that what you meant?" He asked.

Linna nodded in shock. "I yield." She said finally.

Ranma grinned at her, "Hey, don’t feel to bad, I’ve been training all my
life. If you had the same training, you would be better than Shampoo."

"Who’s Shampoo?" Priss asked Akane.

"A Chinese bimbo who thinks she’s his husband." Akane looked directly at
Priss, "Don’t forget, you get to do the dishes tonight."

What Priss said in reply isn’t reprintable.

Nabiki leaned over and whispered in her sister’s ear, "Not bad sis, maybe
there’s hope for you yet."

"May I train with you while we are here?" Linna asked.

"Uhh sure." Ranma said. "You can even come to the Tendo Dojo if you want."

"Ranma there’s a problem with that." Linna said.

"What?"

"I live in Mega Tokyo in 2034, you live in Nerima in 1997." she said.

"Oh, yeah, I forgot about that." Ranma said.

In the mean time Tenchi was looking at his cousin, "Uh Ranma? I think maybe
I’ll skip sparing with you," he said.

Ranma looked a bit disappointed. Sylia however, looked thoughtful.

"I may want to speak with you and Nene about training after all." she said.

Nene looked at Ranma, "You want me to train with him?" she asked.

"I may need you to bring him to Mega Tokyo to train all of us." Sylia said.

"Why me?"

"You’re the only one who can breach the space and time boundaries
remember?"

"Oh yeah." Nene said.

Priss mumbled something about ‘Little Miss Cyberpunk.’

Later, after a wonderful dinner fixed by Kasumi, Belldandy, and Sasami,
everyone had gone to bed. The adults had gone with Yosho up to the shrine,
the girls had moved to Washu’s lab to sleep, and the boys filled the spare
rooms of the rest of the house. All was peaceful until a scream split the
night.

"Come back here you old pervert!"

"I don’t think so! What a haul! What a haul!" A dark shape bounded from the
lab’s door, trailed by a very pissed off group of Knight Sabers, goddesses,
martial artists, aliens, and Galaxy Police detectives.

"Ah I feel so young! I could go one like this forever!" Happosai said.
"Just think, me being pursued by such young lovely ladies."

"Stop! You’re under arrest for.... Uh Kiyone, what’s the article I’m
looking for?" Mihoshi asked.

Kiyone sighed, "There isn’t one, I don’t think that the Galaxy Police or
the Jurai Supreme Council took hentais in account when they made the laws."

"I don’t care what law he’s broken, he’s dead!" Shouted Ryoko, who started
hurdling energy spears at Happosai, who dodged them.

The scream, and explosions, had awakened the boys who came out of their
rooms. Ranma saw Happosai.

"Just what do you think you’re doing you old leach?" Ranma demanded.

"Ah Ranma my boy, you want to help your master here? I’ll even give some of
Akane’s and Ukyo’s panties." Happosai said.

"No way!" Ranma denighed hotly.

"I have had enough of this!" Ayeka declared, "Azaka! Kamidake!"

The two Jurai guardians appeared instantly.

"Yes Ma’am?" They said.

"Get that pervert, and bring him to me!"

"Yes Ma’am!"

The two guardians moved of and tried to surround the hentai master.

"What’s this? Ganging up on an old man?" Happosai demanded.

Ranma leaned over and whispered something into Tenchi’s ear. Tenchi went
into his room and returned with a glass of water.

"Thanks Tenchi" Ranma said, removed his tank top, and dumped the water over
his head. "Oh Master?" Ranma chan said. Tenchi had an immediate bloody
nose, and Keiichi fainted.

"Oh boy!" Happosai exclaimed, and leapt after Ranma chan. Azaka and
Kamidake took steps. They enclosed Happosai in a Jurai force field.

"So what shall we do with him?" Ryoko asked forming a sword.

"I think we should use the bastered for target practices." Priss said.

Ayeka looked at Mihoshi and Kiyone thoughtfully, "Are you sure there’s no
law he’s breaking?" she asked.

"I wish there was, but even if there was one, all it would be is a
mistomener." Kiyone said.

Ryoko suddenly grinned, it was that grin that she used when she was about
to skin someone alive, "I know, hey mom! How would you like someone to
experiment on?"

Washu matched the grin on Ryoko’s face with one of her own. "Why that’s a
very thoughtful Christmas gift Ryoko chan. Why don’t you bring him into the
lab, I have a few test I can run on him now."

The last that Ranma ever saw of Happosai was the terror filled gaze that he
directed at Ranma. Ranma did not feel any guilt whatsoever.

On the ninth day of Christmas Washu gave to me, nine boomers dancing, eight
panty thieves a stealing, seven P-chans squealing, six hackers hacking,
five Jusenkyo springs! Four Knight Sabers, three goddesses, two fiancées
for Ranma, and a cabbit stuck in a pine tree.

Three days before Christmas, everyone went to town to buy the last minute
gifts that always seem to pop up.

Ranma was searching for a Christmas gift for Akane, while Tenchi was
looking for one for Washu.

"Well what do you get for someone who’s lived for 20,000 years, and has
invented anything she wants?" He asked his cousin.

"Dono." Ranma said, "My problem is that every time I give her a gift, she
takes it the wrong way, or Shampoo or Kodachi show up and wreak it."

On the other side of town Akane and Belldandy were having the same
discussion.

"That jerk, every time I give him anything, he always makes fun of it, or
those three bimbos show up." Akane complained.

Belldandy smiled at the young woman, "But you love him right?"

"What? Ranma?! No!!!!"

"Akane, you shouldn’t lie to a goddess, we can see right through them." The
goddess told her gently, "Now what do you want to give him?"

"I wanted to make him a dinner that he would actualy eat and like." Akane
said glumly.

"I think I can help you." Belldandy said.

Meanwhile, the trouble three, Skuld, Nene, and Washu were out as well.

"I’m still not sure what to get him." Nene said. She had been searching for
a gift for Mackie before she left Mega Tokyo, and had yet to find anything.

"Hmmm, have you thought of a photo of you in the nude?" Washu asked.

"WAAASSSHHHUUUU!!!!!" The young goddess complained.

"It was a joke! A joke!" Washu said.

Meanwhile Skuld was looking at a display in the window of a shop.

"How about this Nene?" she asked.

"That’s perfect!" Nene exclaimed.

"I still think the nude photo would be best." Washu said.

On the tenth day of Christmas Washu gave to me, ten Jurai Emperors a
leaping, nine boomers dancing, eight panty thieves a stealing, six hackers
hacking, five Jusenkyo springs! Four Knight Sabers, three goddess, two
fiancées for Ranma, and a cabbit in a pine tree.

The day before Christmas Eve, the Masaki household and their guest received
some more visitors. Namely the Emperor of Jurai, Azusa, and his two wives
Masaki and Funaho.

Yosho had been telling Genma, Soun, Nakoda, and IO about some of the things
he had seen on Jurai when Funaho arrived at the shrine.

"Mother? What are you doing here?" Yosho asked her.

"Visiting for Christmas, mothers tend to do that. Of course you haven’t
asked me over for 700 hundred years...." She gave Yosho a reproachful look.

"Well, something came up..." Yosho tried lamely.

"Something always comes up." Funaho said smiling.

"So is it just you?" Yosho asked.

"No, Masaki and the Emperor are here as well. Azusa wanted to see his
daughters and Tenchi." Funaho said.

The others had been looking away politely.

"Oh, forgive me mother, my manners seem to be slipping. This is Saotome
Genma and Saotome Nakoda, she’s Nobuyuki’s sister. Tendo Soun a good friend
of the Saotome’s. And IO, who is the brother of Belldandy, one of Tenchi’s
friends." Yosho said.

"I am very pleased to meet you." Funaho said, "I am Funaho, first wife of
the Emperor of Jurai."

Meanwhile, down at the house, Priss was watching Sasami and Ayeka go greet
their mother.

"Mommy!" Ayeka said

"My little Ayeka chan." Masaki said.

"Is she calling her....?" Ryoko slapped her hand over Priss’s mouth.

"Believe me, you DON’T want to make fun of it. Trust me." Ryoko said.

On the eleventh day of Christmas Washu gave to me, eleven RetoThrash
singers singing, ten Jurai Emperors a leaping, nine boomers dancing, eight
panty thieves a stealing, seven P-chans squealing, six hackers hacking,
five Jusenkyo springs! Four Knight Sabers, three goddess, two fiancées for
Ranma, and a cabbit stuck in a pine tree.

‘Twas the night before Christmas, and all through the Masaki house chaos
reigned. Kasumi had decided that another Christmas party would be fun. So,
with that in mind, she quickly set about setting it up. She drafted into
service Ryoko, Nene, Skuld, Sasami, Washu, Ranma, Tenchi, Keiichi, Mihoshi,
Kiyone, Ayeka, Ukyo, Linna, and Priss, who hadn’t moved fast enough. The
rest had quickly disappeared. Masaki and Funaho volunteered to help out,
and had badgered Azusa into it as well. Ryo-Ohki, in humanoid form help out
of course.

They quickly set up an area in Washu’s lab for fun and games, and as Ranma
found out to his horror, singing as well.

"No! I did it last year, and I’m not going to this year!" Ranma said.

"Come on Ranma, Kasumi says you have a wonderful singing voice." Skuld was
saying.

"I said no, and I mean it! Find someone else. Priss sings doesn’t she?"
Ranma said.

Skuld turned to Priss.

"Hey, I don’t sing Christmas carols." Priss said.

"Please Priss?" Nene asked.

"Nope, and stop trying to use those cute eyes on me."

Nene looked at Priss more thoughtfully, "You know, I’m sure Leon would love
to know where you are every minute of everyday." she said.

"You wouldn’t!" Priss said.

"Try me."

"Man, you’ve been hanging out with Nabiki way too long." Ranma said.

Nene smiled at Ranma, "I suppose I have, but then she also told me some
things about you that Akane would just love to hear."

Ranma went pale, "Ok, what do you want me to sing?" he sighed.

In the kitchen, Belldandy was finding her divine patience put to the test.

"So I add sugar right Belldandy?" Akane asked.

"Akane, that’s flour." Belldandy replied.

That night, the party went off with out a hitch. A grumbling Ranma chan and
Priss sang with Ukyo, Akane, Nabiki, and Belldandy. Ryo-Ohki performed her
dance. And Washu came up with nine dancing boomers from Mega Tokyo.

"Where did you get those anyway?" Sylia asked Washu.

"Well the AD Police had them in their scrap yard, I figured they wouldn’t
miss them."

Midnight struck, it was Christmas Day! The gifts were brought out to be
exchanged. Before they were however, IO stood up.

"My blessings upon you all. Truly, this has been a Day to remember. Before
I depart, I must give my gifts, and let you know who has been your guest.

"Ranma and Akane, you soon will find that you may no longer hide. Nabiki,
you will find that money is not everything, and when you do, that empty
spot will be filled. Kasumi, your burden is almost over, rejoice, you have
done your mother proud. Soun, Genma, and Nakoda, that which you want is
soon at hand. Ukyo, I sorrow that you will not have the love of the man you
want, but you have something as valuable, his friendship. It will be you
whom he will lean on in his coming trials." IO turned and looked at Tenchi,
"You my friend will soon make your choice, and it will be good. No one will
be hurt. Yosho, soon you will be able to put aside your burden, Tenchi will
be the one Azusa is looking for. Azusa, Funaho, Masaki, your empire will
live one for many more years to come, guided by Tenchi and his friends." IO
then looked at the Knight Sabers. "Sylia, your battle will end, and your
fathers dream come true. Priss, you will fine that someone will make you
look at yourself not as something to hate, but to love. Soon that anger
will be gone, replaced by what I intended in the first place. Linna, you
too will find that money isn’t everything." IO then turned to the goddess,
"Urd and Skuld, rejoice, your sister is happy, and in her happiness you
will fine peace and love. Belldandy and Keiichi, you have my blessings,
just invite me to the wedding. Nene, my youngest goddess, you also have my
blessings, you and Mackie will be happy. So have I spoken."

Kami-sama smiled at them, "Long ago, on this day, I created the
Multi-verse, and life teamed in it. To some, I sent my only son to help. To
others, I let them go one, for they have the wisdom to stay on the path. I
do not love any less. Know that I love you all, and will always watch over
you. Merry Christmas." and with that, He was gone.

High above in Heaven, Kami-sama watched the others open gifts, as soon as
He left, they had forgotten that He had been there. All that remained was a
feeling that all was right with the world. Then He noticed something.

"I guess I should do something about it." He said to Himself. Kami-sama
reached forth and guided Akane’s hands, making her dinner something that
not even Belldandy could top.

On the twelfth day of Christmas Washu gave to me, 12 samples taken, eleven
RetroThrash singers singing, ten Jurai Emperors a leaping, nine boomers
dancing, eight panty thieves a stealing, six hackers hacking, five Jusenkyo
springs! Four Knight Sabers, three goddess, two fiancées for Ranma, AND A
CABBIT STUCK IN A PINE TREE!!!!!!

Authors notes..........

I know, it isn’t really finished, what happened to the gifts? Well that is
my gift to you dear reader, you decide what would be the perfect gift that
Ranma gave Akane, or Nene, Mackie. Happy Holidays from the Guide of the
training grounds of accursed springs, Jusenkyo.


