Story by Vandalier (tenchimod@yahoo.com)
Proofreading by Gabriela Davila
Web: http://www.geocities.com/tenchimod

Chronicles of the Goddess 
-Chapter 1: "Mysterious World"-
	A stranger crashes on Earth and develops amnesia...what omen is this?

Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo and all likenesses are property of AIC and Pioneer.  
This story is to promote Tenchi Muyo, and is not a cash cow.  
Characters from Excelsior are property of me, but feel free to use them, with 
permission.

Author's Notes:  The plotline is based following the last episode of the OAV 
series, roughly a month after "Here Comes Jurai!".  This is an x-over between 
Tenchi and Excelsior: The Shadow Project.  For more information about Excelsior, 
please visit http://www.geocities.com/excelsiortheshadowproject

*****************************************************

Opening Theme
	"Through The Never"
By Metallica : Metallica

All that is, was and will be
Universe much too big to see

Time and space never ending
Disturbing thoughts, questions pending
Limitations of human understanding
Too quick to criticize
Obligation to survive
We hunger to be alive

All that is, ever
Ever was
Will be ever
Twisting
Turning
Through the never

In the dark, see past our eyes
Pursuit of truth no matter where it lies

Gazing up to the breeze of the heavens
On a quest, meaning, reason
Came to be, how it begun
All alone in the family of the sun
Curiosity teasing everyone
On our home, third stone from the sun

All that is, ever
Ever was
Will be ever
Twisting
Turning
Through the never

On through the never
We must go
On through the never
Out of the
Edge of forever
We must go
On through the never
The never comes

All that is, ever
Ever was
Will be ever
Who we are
Ask forever
Twisting
Turning
Through the never

Never 

*******************************************

	Snoring peacefully in his tree, Kusanagi's slumber was rudely interrupted 
as an explosion rocked the woods around him. Following "What the hell!" with an 
"Aaaahhhh!" and a thud, he landed ass-first into the shrubs below his tree. 
Groaning as he gathered his wits, he lept out of the brush and narrowly avoided 
getting blown to pieces by a blast of energy. After getting a safe distance away 
from ground zero, he caught his breath and calmed his jumping heart. Brushing 
himself off 
of dirt and stems, Kusanagi scanned the area, his eyes glowering. He knew who it 
was almost immediately... 

	This was going to be a very long day, Kusanagi decided right then and 
there. 

	"Dammit, what the hell are those two doing?!" he roared, referring to 
Princess Ayeka and Ryoko, the demon girl. 

	A few dozen yards away, he could hear the two girls going at it---again. 
"Do they ever stop fighting with each other?" he mused. The reason they fought, 
or so he had gathered, was because of that kid, Tenchi. Although Tenchi's father 
and grandfather were both widowers, they are much older than the girls would 
like. Thus being the only eligible bachelor in the house, the girls (mainly 
Ayeka and Ryoko) would constantly bicker over him. This lead to many disasters, 
such as the one right now.

	 "Katsuhito's gonna be pissed...especially if they get near the shrine." 
Kusanagi had heard of the old man's strength, but had not seen it first hand. 
Shaking his head, he jumped into the trees above him, tracking the girls (not 
very difficult, considering the noise they made). After a few moments of his 
George of the Jungle impressions, Kusanagi found them: they were duking it out 
by the large tree in the middle of a small pond. What was that tree? Funaho or 
something like that? He didn't bother trying to remember, as he had to keep an 
eye out for rouge attacks. 

	"RYOKO!!! What were you doing in Tenchi's room this morning?!" Ayeka's 
accented voice echoed through the clearing. She was very pissed off, it seemed. 
Kusanagi noted the presence of her force field, and quickly checked to see if 
Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum were around. Nope. This suited Kusanagi fine. He 
smirked then prepared to intervene, readying his form. He waited, watching them 
interact below. 

	"What's it matter to you, little girl?" Ryoko was just as angry; her 
feline eyes had taken that peculiar red glow, reserved for situations that call 
for extreme hostility. Like right now. She had already gathered energy for 
another shot at the princess, and without waiting, she let loose. Too bad 
Ayeka's field deflected it away --- right at Kusanagi. 

	Reacting on instinct, Kusanagi dropped off the tree limb, grabbing the 
branch and swinging back onto it, the energy bolt crashing into the tree, right 
above where his body was. Shaking his head, he drew back his arms and launched 
himself in between the two women just before they collided with one another. He 
stuck his palms out, and grinned as his intervention worked. They ran right into 
his hands, face first with a dull thud.. "Bakas..." he said under his breath, 
lowering his arms. He took a quick look to his sides. Both down for the count, 
with nosebleeds and dazed faces. 
	
	"Will you two stop already? You damn near blew up half the forest, and me 
along with it." He glared at the two unconscious girls, the walked off a few 
yards. "I've much better things to do than to baby-sit a pair of hormonal girls 
all day!" They'll get up soon enough, he decided. He looked skyward, noting the 
sun. 'Bout time I go see the old man, he thought. With that, Kusanagi began 
walking towards the Masaki shrine. 

	It was only his first week on Earth, he figured. He was found unconscious 
and barely alive in the rubble of his ship. The ship was of some alien design, 
not even one of Jurai's or a Galaxy Police shuttle. The only thing that remained 
of his gear was a travel case that had survived the crash. After being nursed 
back to health a few days later in Washu's lab, Kusanagi regained consciousness. 
However, he had lost part of his memory, so he really had no clue about his 
recent history. Too bad, he thought. The only thing he knew was that he had 
strange abilities. How he could control them was a mystery, even to Washu. 

	He made his way through the path, taking in the fresh spring air. It's 
been a week or so and already I'm playing baby-sitter, he thought. Not that he 
minded, of course. The girls (with the exception of Sasami and Washu) were 
stunning examples of beauty. That fact that they were so fiercely competitive 
was surprising, in a way. Ah well, he decided. *May as well make the best of it 
while I'm here.* 

	Looking up, he realized where he was. He has made it to the front of the 
shrine, without even realizing it. Clapping his hands respectfully, he entered 
the shrine proper to look for Katsuhito. He found him in the office, sipping his 
tea as usual. Bowing respectfully (Dammit, I learn too quick, Kusanagi mused) he 
took a seat on the floor in front of the old man. 
	"What was all that noise about, Kusanagi?" The old man had always been up 
front with him, it seems. His expression was the same; serene, calm, but 
curious. 

	"Heh, funny you should ask..." Kusanagi's hand shot behind his head, a 
bead of sweat forming on his forehead. "The girls had a little scuffle this 
morning, that's all." 

	Nodding his head sagely, the old priest took a sip of his tea, his eyes 
closed. "Very well." After a short pause, he opened his eyes, peering through 
his spectacles at Kusanagi. "Shall we begin the training process?" 

	A smile appeared on the young man's face. "I thought you'd never ask, old 
man." Katsuhito frowned at him slightly, then cleared his throat lightly. "Err, 
sorry, jiichan." A friendly nod. 

	"You have much to learn, you realize..." The old man smirked, then stood 
up, motioning for Kusanagi to do the same. The two went outside, where the elder 
took a deep breath. Producing two bokken from somewhere, he tossed one two 
Kusanagi, keeping the other for himself. Readying his battle stance, the old 
master allowed Kusanagi to adjust to his fighting style, sword held in front, 
feet apart and balanced. He had not held a sword before in his life, so much 
that his memory had known, but almost instinctively he held it gracefully, 
smoothly. 

	"Now then, don't hold back, I want to see what you know, Kusanagi..." 

	"Errr, I'll try not to." 

	*I've never held a sword in my life, as far as I can remember, that is. 
This should be good...* He frowned, having seen Tenchi spar with him. The old 
man had gone easy with his grandson, how would he fight with a practical 
stranger? His mind wandered, coming back to reality when the wooden bokken came 
smashing down on his head. Reacting on instinct, Kusanagi shifted his weight to 
his right foot, narrowly missing a smarting. 

	Dancing back quickly, he watched Katsuhito, his hands gripping the bokken 
tightly. The sunlight streaked down, filtering through the trees. A reflection 
from the priest's glasses. A feign to the right, then a charge straight ahead. 
He lunged forward, aiming to parry his opponents' blow, his movements getting 
smoother. He parried Katsuhito's bokken off to the side, swinging back up to try 
and score a hit to his side. As lucky as Kusanagi was, it wasn't his day. The 
old man had seen through the parry, strafing to the right and back, coming up 
with the bokken at Kusanagi's arm. 

	Having been caught off-guard, Kusanagi barely had time to move his arm 
before it got hit. He backed off a few yards, waiting for his opponent's next 
move. Katsuhito kicked it into overdrive, turning into a veritable hurricane of 
slices and dices, the bokken a blur of wood. Backing up rather hastily, Kusanagi 
didn't happen to see where he was going. 

	A rather large knot from a tree was sticking out from the ground, and it 
fitted into a nice hook around Kusanagi's heel. This resulted in Kusanagi 
falling on his ass, the breath knocked out of him. The inevitable occurred as 
Katsuhito's bokken lightly touching him on the chest, scoring a killing blow. 

	"Ugh...You win." *Dammit, that sucked, I can't believe I TRIPPED!* 
Kusanagi kept his temper in check, as he knew the old man was going to catch 
anything he put out. He looked up, and saw the old man offering him a hand up. 
He took it gratefully, dusting himself off. After a few moments, Katsuhito spoke 
to him. 

	"You weren't too bad...better than Tenchi when he spars. I was actually 
trying with you, my boy." He smirked, the sunlight glinting off of his 
eyeglasses. This took Kusanagi a bit by surprise. "You need more practice, but 
it's there." 

	"Ahhh, thanks, I guess." His hand shot behind his head again, closing his 
eyes for a moment. 

	"Tomorrow I want to see you and Tenchi spar, then we shall continue the 
evaluation, alright?" 

	"Sure, what time?" 

	"Same time." 

	"Right." 

	"Go back on to the house, I have things to be doing now." With that, 
Katsuhito took the bokken and walked back to the shrine. Kusanagi watched, then 
began walking down the path to the house. He stopped by where Ryoko and Ayeka 
had been fighting. "Oh good, so they woke up. I'm gonna hear about this later, I 
bet..." 

	Sighing, he looked over to Funaho. The giant tree loomed ominously over 
him, but filled his mind with a peaceful feeling. He smiled a bit, then began 
walking to the house again. *Such a nice day...if only they didn't fight so 
much...*
 
	******* 

	Back at the ranch, Ayeka and Ryoko were nursing their wounded faces and 
pride in the kitchen. An open bottle of sake sat between them, half empty. They 
drank in silence, still having hostility to each other. 

	*That Ayeka! Grrr...interfering with me when I was about to...* Ryoko had 
almost gotten in with Tenchi that morning, if snootypants wasn't around, 
listening. *How the hell did Kusanagi...? He's almost as bad as the old man 
sometimes. Still...is kinda cute.* She giggled without thinking, thinking of 
something. 

	"Now what are you planning, Ryoko?" Ayeka raised an eyebrow, already 
suspicious of her rival. *She's up to no good, I can smell it.* Her nose was 
still smarting from when she hit something hard...what was it? All she 
remembered was waking up next to Ryoko with a sore and bleeding nose. 

	"Hmmmm? Ohh, nothing, princess, nothing at all." She hid her grin behind 
her sake cup. After taking a few sips, she blushed a bright red. 

	"I'm sure," Ayeka retorted, glaring. 

	They were interrupted by Sasami, who had come in with Ryo-Ohki sitting on 
her head. She was clad in her apron, the one with the carrot on the front. 

	"Sis, Ryoko, *what* are you doing? It's not even lunchtime yet, and you're 
*already* drinking sake?" 

	She tapped her foot impatiently on the floor, and grabbed the bottle, 
capping it and putting it back in the cabinet.
 
	"I'll be making lunch in a minute, so please hold on!" 

	*Oooohhh, they must've been fighting again...poor Tenchi...* 

	Sasami began making lunch, whipping out the various seasonings and 
ingredients. She hummed along as she prepared food at a quick pace, chopping up 
carrots (the ones that Ryo-Ohki didn't steal) and other things to go into a 
stir-fry. 

	Looking at one another, Ryoko and Ayeka silently agreed to help out the 
younger girl make food. Sighing, they both got up and began taking orders from 
Sasami the Chef, speeding the process up some. 

	Sasami smiled to herself, thinking. *Well, that got them to help me, at 
least...* She giggled quietly, her knife going on autopilot. Within minutes, she 
was frying up the vegetables and shrimp for her stir-fry. 

	******* 

	In the field, Tenchi had been hard at work toiling with the vegetables he 
planted. Now he lay on his back next to his garden hoe, basking in the noon sun. 
*Whew, I bet it's almost time for lunch, better get going...*  He stood up, 
brushing the dirt from his clothes. He planted the garden hoe in the ground, and 
walked toward the house, whistling to himself peacefully. 

	"Funny, ever since our other guest arrived, it's been a little quieter 
around here..." 

	Tenchi remembered when Kusanagi arrived in their home. No more than 19 or 
20, by his looks. Tenchi was eternally grateful that it *wasn't* another woman. 
Five women, six if you count Ryo-Ohki's human form. The worst, he figured, was 
Washu. She was always scheming to get him down in her lab by himself, so she 
could perform some *experiments*. 

	He shuddered as he thought about it. "Maybe I should just grow a spine, 
Kusanagi doesn't fear these girls." he let his mind wander as he walked to the 
house, eventually thinking about the first day Kusanagi arrived. 

	******* 

	It had been a day much like this one, only a week or so ago. There had 
been fighting, as usual. Miscommunication between Ayeka and Ryoko developed into 
another duel. Washu was holed up in her lab, cooking up some wacky invention. 
Mihoshi had gotten a call from Headquarters regarding a strange pair of craft 
flying in space around Earth. 

	"I'll be back in a bit, duty calls!" Mihoshi was never in a bad mood, so 
it seemed. Yukinojo greeted her as she entered her GP scout craft. 

	"Mihoshi, you are late again! This is a very urgent call from 
Headquarters!" 

	Mihoshi's metallic companion was always worried about some detail, he 
acted like her guardian angel sometimes. Someone had to keep an eye on the Grand 
Marshal's daughter, and Yukinojo was that someone. 

	"I'm sorry, Yukinojo, I really am!" 

	She was in her Galaxy Police uniform, gun in holster and contraband 
Control Cube on her side. The Cube looked to be standard issue, however, her 
grandfather had gotten this one off the black market. This one was special, and 
it saved Mihoshi's life (along with many others) many times over. Freeing Washu 
from Kagato's prison was one such event.
 
	"Alright, Mihoshi. I will open the transmission from HQ for you now." 

	In the cockpit, a screen popped up, with her commander's face staring 
rather plaintively at her. He was more bored than anything, and made no attempt 
to hide it. 

	"Detective, the scanners in your region have picked up a pair of alien 
craft, unknown to even our files, are flying around this solar system, towards 
Earth. I ask that you simply fly around out there and try and find the craft. 
Then relay what you see back to us, we'll handle it from there. Got it?" 

	Mihoshi, always willing to prove herself, nodded her head quickly and 
saluted. 

	"Yes sir, Detective First Class Mihoshi is on the case! I will fly out 
there and track down the craft, and send it back to Headquarters!" 

	For once, the commander was slightly happy that she understood her mission 
correctly. 

	"Very good, Mihoshi.  Remember to report back to us when you're done with 
the investigation."

	 "Detective First Class Mihoshi signing off!" With that, the screen went 
blank and fizzled out. Mihoshi looked at Yukinojo and sat down in the cockpit, 
getting ready to fly off. She started the scout ship and gave Yukinojo the 
order.
 
	"Let's go Yukinojo!" 

	"...Yes ma'am." 

	Thus began Mihoshi's journey of discovery. Upon breaching the atmosphere 
and careening into outer space, the ships' sensors went wild with data. Within 
the range of the moon, two ships were dogfighting each other, swerving crazily. 
Smoke billowed out of the lead craft, a direct hit to the rear engines. She 
couldn't see the pilots, but they were definately in battle. The chase ship was 
unleasing a salvo of laser blasts, following through with a barrage of SRMs that 
were kept in the hull.

	Mihoshi had never seen any craft like these before. Both had a sleek 
design, resembling each other: gray with black trim, tinted cockpit windows, 
boosters in the back, blue flame scorching anything behind it, And a lot of 
weapons: two lasers in the nose, with a pair on each wing, a pair of missile 
launchers on either wing tip. Scanners could detect a shield device, weak, but 
one none the less. 


	"Yukinojo, what do you make of this?" 

	"They are neither of Juraian or Galaxy Police make. Possibly a small scout 
ship from the local populace." 

	"But, you know Earthlings don't have this technology yet!" 

	"True. You should record this and send it to HQ, Mihoshi." 

	No response from her. 

	"Mihoshi?" 

	Nothing. He swiveled to look at her; she was staring at the dogfight that 
was getting closer to her. 

	"MIHOSHI!" 

	"Huh? What?" 

	"Mihoshi, send this data to Headquarters so we can get out of the fight 
area before we get shot at!" 

	"Ohhhhhh....right." 

	Mihoshi pressed a few buttons, getting the recorded data from the 
computers, and sent it via hyperlink to HQ. 

	"Ok, are we done? I wanna watch this!" 

	"Mihoshi, we *should* be getting out the way!" 

	Almost on cue, a barrage of lasers raked across the scout craft, rocking 
it violently, tossing Mihoshi around a bit. She looked wild-eyed around, 
scrambling back into her seat, grabbing the controls. With a stroke of luck only 
this GP detecive has, she madly began pressing buttons and turning the controls, 
getting the craft out of the way. Two seconds later, another barrage blasted by. 

	Screaming loudly and clenching her eyes shut, the detective careened back 
and forth, getting the hell out of the way of the two fighters. 

	"Fire! Fire! Fire!" Mihoshi yelled, the ship corkscrewing around, plasma 
cannons discharging in the direction of the two craft. After nearly a minute, 
she opened her eyes, on the verge of tears, lips trembling. Her ship floated 
lazily in space, silent. 

	Little did she know, her shots scored a direct hit (by luck, most likely). 
The engines of the chase craft were destroyed, thick blueish smoke billowed out 
as the craft went out of control, spiralling towards the blue sphere of Earth. 
In a haze of smoke and electrical discharges, the craft plummeted towards 
Okayama's countryside. 
	The front ship was in about as good condition. Without any good engines, 
gravity had begun to tug and pull at the helpless craft. With just enough power 
left to steer one final time, it made a weak dogleg to the northwest before the 
engines finally gave out. 

	Both dissapeared as the entered the atmosphere, punching through the 
clouds. 

	"Mihoshi?" Yukinojo sounded a little more than worried.  "Mihoshi, we are 
fine. The ship wasn't damaged at all..." He trailed off, his scanners 
registering that the two ships were now defunct somewhere in Japan.

	"Mihoshi?" 

	She sniffled, looking up as she heard her name being called. She wiped her 
eyes with her shirt. 

	"Y-yes?" 

	"Mihoshi, you shot down the two ships, well, one at least." 

	"W-what? Really? Wow Yukinojo, I didn't mean to, I mean, I mean..." 

	The blonde had suddenly become excited, back to her bouncy self. She 
looked about, trying to find where the ships had gone. 

	"Uhm...Yukinojo, where'd they go?" 

	"Mihoshi, the two craft fell to different parts of Earth, most likely 
around Japan." 

	"Well, let's go investigate, Yukinojo!" 

	"...Yes ma'am." 

	With that, Mihoshi and Yukinojo shot off towards Earth, in the direction 
of the first craft... 

	Meanwhile, craft number two had been nosediving toward the countryside. 
The pilot was locked in his seat, sweat pouring from his body as he tried 
thinking of a way out of this. *C'mon...c'mon...I don't wanna die!* He pulled 
frantically at the controls, trying to get enough juice to at least soften the 
landing. 

	The computer guiding him was going haywire, klaxons resounding throughout 
the cockpit, a red warning light flashing at nearly every control and sensor.

	 *WARNING* *WARNING* *HIGH RATE OF VELOCITY* *TIME TO IMPACT ON SURFACE: 
20 SECONDS* 

	With a quick-fingered agilty, the pilot typed madly at the controls, 
hoping to at least jettison a capsule with his gear in it. He was rewarded with 
a loud hiss as the capsule exploded from the main hull, a parachute opening to 
soften the landing. 

	*Now it's my turn...* 

	*WARNING* *WARNING* *TIME TO IMPACT: T-10, 9, 8, 7...* 

	Frantically pulling levers and switches, he felt a sudden backlash as a 
trio of emergency parachutes opened on top of the craft. Pulling up and slowling 
down drastically, he could see the ground rushing to meet him. Struggling with 
the controls, he hopelessly tried to avoid slamming into a mountain. His descent 
made his landing point a thatch of trees a few miles wide. 

	*...6...5...4...* 

	"NOOOOO!!!" 

	*...3...2...1...0* 

	The ship skipped across the trees, clipping most of them as it went down 
into the ground, making a huge crater where he finally landed, trees falling on 
top of his ship. As he stopped suddenly, his body snapped foward, tearing him 
from the ship as he sailed through the now-busted cockpit. He landed about a few 
dozen yards away, into a tree. With his last conscious action, he lifted his 
head and coughed up blood onto the ground. His head fell limp against the tree, 
unmoving.

	 Moments later, his craft, still sizzling with re-entry heat, exploded in 
a humongous fireball, sending flaming 
debris into the sky, showering the area with wreckage. 

	Elsewhere, the mysterious first craft had regained some some glide 
control, and began a descent to Mount Fuji. 

	*ACTIVATING GLIDE MECHANISM* *PARACHUTES OPEN* *RATE OF VELOCITY LOW* *ETA 
TO SITE: 30 SECONDS* 

	The pilot grinned, even as the ship was smouldering from the laser blasts. 
He had thus far eluded his hunter, that much was certain. As the craft autopilot 
began working, he pondered about his battle above this planet. 

	"I will have to remain here while I can figure out a way off this planet, 
and complete my mission..." 

	He rubbed his chin with his hand, thinking about what he saw. 

	"What was that craft watching us? I didn't think Earth had that technology 
yet..." 

	Within moments, the white-capped top of Fuji loomed ahead. The man 
frowned, looking around. He strapped himself in tighter, readying for the 
impact.

	 *WARNING* *IMPACT IMMINENT* *WARNING* 

	The nose of the craft dove into the deep snow, plowing through and burying 
itself into the thick white blanket. Careening and fishtailing for several 
hundred yards, the ship came to a halt near a cave, melting most of the snow 
from the re-entry heat and kicking up a huge cloud of snow and ice. After a few 
minutes, the cockpit hissed as the hydraulics opened up the main door. 

	A figure stepped out into the cold air, boots crunching the remaining 
snow. He took a breath of cold air, exhaling it in a billow of steam. He looked 
about, his eyes cold and hard. He saw a cliff above him, and smiled. 

	"Time to go check out the local area," he said, his voice deep, full of 
unseen anger. 

	With nothing more than a thought, the man floated from his position to the 
top of Mt. Fuji along the rim. His gaze wandered, seeing a large city to the 
southeast. Mountains and plains to the north. An ocean to the south; he could 
smell the salty sea air. The man looked over this new territory, his eyes 
filling with an idea. 

	"Warrior, you are out there. I can sense your lifeforce...the hunter has 
turned into the hunted. You brought me down here, and now I will track you down. 
My mission has not changed. You shall be the first to be sacrificed..." 

	Deep, evil laughter echoed throughout the land... 

	At that same time, Mihoshi's scout ship was cruising the vicinity of where 
the first craft had been spotted around Mt. Fuji. Mihoshi had become bored, 
having been on the lookout for nearly an hour now. 

	"Mihoshi, it appears that the ships have been lost on our scanning 
devices." 

	"Yeah, it does...let's head back, Yukinojo. We'll be on call if we need to 
do anymore *yawn* investigating." 

	"Very well, Mihoshi." 

	Yukinojo turned the craft around, and shot towards Okayama in a streak of 
exhaust. The trip was relatively short, from their speed. However, Yukinojo 
picked up something from his sensors, and alerted Mihoshi. 

	"Mihoshi, I have a reading from one of the ships! It appears to have 
crashed within 10 miles of Lord Tenchi's place of residence!" 

	"Oh, ok. I guess we should...go fly down and check it out?" 

	"Very well, Mihoshi." 

	With that, the ship slowed down enough to see the crash site. Trees cut in 
half from where the craft descended, and a large crater where the impact point 
was. Flaming wreckage marked the remains of the craft...and what was that dot in 
the tree line? Looks like a humanoid figure... 

	"Mihoshi, there appears to be a figure down below. Perhaps this is the 
pilot?" 

	"We should go investigate it, Yukinojo." 

	"Yes ma'am..." 

	Slowing down to a crawl, the ship lowered down into the clearing that was 
created by the explosion.  The retro-landing thusters turned on, sending light 
debris flying everywhere, creating a safer landing zone.  Leaves whipped about 
as Mihoshi's ship touched down.  Within moments, the bubble-headed blonde jumped 
out of the cockpit, gun drawn, ready for any hostiles.  

	She gasped as she saw what had happened.

	The pilot, so she figured, was flat on his stomach, unconscious.  Covered 
on his own blood, with shrapnel having cut up his suit.  She looked over at the 
wreckage, making out what happened.  Her comlink beeped on, with Yukinojo's 
voice emitting from it.

	"Mihoshi, what is the condition of the pilot?"

	"Well...not good..."
	
	Mihoshi bent over, checking to see if he was alive ot not.  She was very 
squeemish, not wanting to touch the blood.

	"I think he's alive."

	Mihoshi sighed, trying to think of something she could do.

	"What the hell is this?!"

	The young police detective jumped about ten feet in the air.  When she 
landed on her rear, she turned around, realizing that Washu was almost directly 
behind her, smirking.  Her smirk flipped into a frown as the red-headed goddess 
surveyed the scene before her.

	"Well, so *this* was the cause of that energy spike I detected...friend of 
yours, Mishoshi?"

	"Uhmmm, not really, he crashed here a while ago."

	"Uh-huh..."

	Washu closed her eyes, sighing.  She didn't feel like going into the 
details of how this guy crashed on Earth.  The man was injured, and most likely 
dead.  
	
	*May as well help...it's what Tenchi'd do.*

	Summoning her universial computer, her fingers went wild on the keyboard, 
buttons flashing as data popped up.  Her emerald eyes tracked the data faster 
than a normal person ever could.  Within seconds she had the material she 
needed.  A portal to her subspace lab appeared from nowhere, opening up 
automatically.  Reaching to a smaller subspace door, she produced what looked 
like a flat stretcher.  She looked over to Mihoshi and jerked her thumb towards 
the door.

	"Help me lug him inside, willya?"

	Cracking her knuckles, she sent her computer away and grabbed ahold of the 
man's arms.  Mihoshi took his legs.  

	"On three.  One, two, three...lift!"

	Grunting a bit, the goddess and her blonde friend lifted the heavy pilot 
onto the now hovering stretcher.  Washu began pulling the hoverstretcher through 
the door.  Mihoshi looked at her comlink and told Yukinojo to go back to the 
where she usually parks.

	"Yes ma'am." was his reply, the thrusters igniting and the craft soaring 
into the sky.

	Once inside her lab, Washu began typing at her computer again, controlling 
the hovering stretcher to a medical facility that was installed after the Zero 
Incident.  Once her patient was placed in the facility, she turned to Mihoshi.

	"Not a word.  Don't mention this to anyone, understand?"

	The genius had suddenly become very stern and serious.  Mihoshi raised an 
eyebrow, her mind filling with questions.
But Washu would have none of it.  She put her finger to her lips and shook her 
head no.

	"I'll tell you later.  Right now, forget about what you saw.  I have my 
reasons, Mihoshi..."

	Despite all her better judgement, a bit of common sense kicked in 
Mihoshi's absentminded brain.  She saw the look on Washu's face, and understood 
right then and there.

	"Can I check up on him once and a while?"

	Mihoshi had her puppy-dog look in her eyes.  She had seen what his face 
looked like, adn thought he was kinda cute, except for being all bloody and 
stuff.  Washu looked at her for several moments, studying her.  She sighed, 
knowing she couldn't break Mihoshi's resolve.  Besides, it would offer her an 
incentive to keep her trap shut about it.

	"Fine.  Don't let anyone catch you down here, especially Tenchi, got it?"

	"I promise Miss Washu!"

	"Alright..."
 
	Mishoshi smiled the way a child does when they open up their Christmas 
gifts, giving Washu a back-breaking hug.  Her eyes bugged out as she gasped for 
air, clawing at the blonde's back.

	"I-Icant-bweeth!"

	"Oops, sorry Miss Washu!"

	Letting go of the scientist, Mihoshi stepped back a few feet.  Collapsing 
into a pile on the floor, Washu got back up after a few moments, brushing the 
wrinkles out of her uniform.  She looked at Mihoshi, and pointed to the door.

	"Go. I have work to do now."

	"Uhm, okay.  Let me know if you need anything, Miss Washu!"

	Under her breath, Washu snarled, "Don't worry, I just need you to 
leave..." Looking up, she smiled and waved at Mihoshi.

	"Ahhh, ok.  Don't worry about a thing..."

	Washu sighed relief as Mihoshi exited her lab, the door sealing shut 
behind her.  She glanced over at the pilot, who was in a stasis tank.  The 
monitor was humming quietly, lines of data and vital stats rising and falling 
rythmically.

	"So...looks like we'll have another guest soon.  What does this mean?  The 
that ship design, or what was left of it, I've never seen a design like 
that...too primitive for Jurai of the Galaxy Police; too well made for a pirate 
or bounty hunter craft..."

	She made her mind up: she would find out where this ship had come from, 
and why.  But first, there were other matters to attend to.  The pilot, who was 
still unconscious, needed her attention for the time being.  Once he was 
recovering, she could work on her other objective.

	Cracking her knuckles, her nurse's uniform phased onto her.  She grinned 
slightly, then remembered this wasn't Tenchi she was working with.  
	
	*Another time, perhaps. Tenchi, I will get what I need from you!* 
	
	"But for now, time to get to work!"

	Within the confines of her lab, childish giggling echoed throughout...

	Within his stasis chamber, Washu's patient was in a deep slumber.  His 
eyes moved about in REM, closed.  Slowly, his dreams faded away...lost in a sea 
of the unknown.

	

	Miles away, the man with the black cape set foot outside of Tokyo.  He 
stopped, looking upwards at the exspansive skyscrapers and buildings.  Cars 
screamed past him, boing back and forth from work.    Another day in the city.

	"Pitiful, really.  Earthlings have no sense of style or taste.  Not that 
it matters, it will all be rubble in the end."

	He stepped foward, his boots crunching on the gravel as he approached the 
city.  He followed the traffic, leading into the city proper.  Though the city 
was large, the man was unimpressed.  He passed by corporate headquarters of 
major companies, as well as a few hundred fast food restaurants.  He also saw 
many shrines of differering religious factors.  

	He made his way to a green park, and smirked slightly.  

*This is what is left of the natural beauty?  Even so, it is indeed man made.  
Wasteful humans.*

	Taking a seat on a nearby bench, he closed his eyes for a meditation.  
Lowering his head and placing his fingers together, he began comtemplating for a 
plan.  

	"I will stay here, for now.  This city will serve well for my plot, until 
I can locate and destroy the Warrior.  My masters, you will be revived!  By the 
word of Mikail Kanard, I swear it!"

	His meditation was broken as he heard snickering from behind him.  His 
eyes opened, flaring from anger.  He remained seated, a growl escaping from his 
lips.  He saw the cause; two thugs, dressed in street clothes, chains wrapped 
around their fists.  

	Mikail smirked, even as they moved around him.  He raised his head to look 
at each of them.

	Thrusting a fist menacingly in the air, the one to the left sneered at 
Mikail, holding a knife in his other hand.  

	"Gimme all yer cash, and mebbe we'll let ya walk away!"

	The second piped up, his eyes hidden by dark sunglasses.

	"Whatcha wearing a cape for, ya freak?  What you tryin' to be, Dracula?"

	Mikail actually thought this was funny, and waved them off.  Though they 
spoke in rapid Japanese, Mikail understood what they were hinting at.  Shifting 
his gaze between the two, he stood up to his full, towering 6'6" height.

	"Go away, and go *play* with your *weapons*.  I have no time for...street 
trash."

	The two thugs took this as a direct challenge, with Mikail waving his hand 
to send them off.  The first one pulled his fist back, and threw a strong punch 
to Mikail's face.  

	The big man caught it deftly with his left hand, hearing the *thwak* of 
fists colliding.  Without a thought, Mikail closed his hand around the thug's 
fist and chain.  The thug yelped out in pain as his fist was crushed by Mikail's 
strength, breaking the chain and cutting his flesh.

	The knife came up from the left, Mikail caught the assailant's arm, 
closing his grip around the wrist.  The thugs's eyes widened as even more pain 
entered his body, his arm being crushed at the wrist.  

	Mikail let go of his victim, letting him fall into his awaiting knee.  A 
snap and the sound of bone hitting bone was heard as Mikail's knee impacted on 
the thug's chin.  This broke his jaw and sent him flying back against a tree.  A 
sickening thud as he slammed into the tree, breaking his back.  The thug slid 
off and onto his face, dead.

	Turning his attention to the second thug, Mikail ended his life with a 
fist to the nose, smashing his face and sending the bone shards into his brain.  
The thug fell back onto his back, sharing the same fate as his friend.

	This happened within five seconds of his standing up.  Mikail brushed his 
clothes off, and began walking off.  He smirked, walking past a group of 
frightened tourists.

	"Foolish humans.  They throw their lives away for petty things..."

	He stopped, looking for the tallest building.  Thinking for a moment, he 
decided to forget walking, and began levitating from the ground high above the 
city.  Onlookers screamed as they saw him go over their heads, and ran off.  
Mikail paid little attention to them.  

	Soon from his bird's eye view, he searched over the skyline for a suitible 
base of operations...


	Back in Okayama, Tenchi had been hard at work in the fields again.  It 
neared noon, and his glance at his watch confirmed it.  Tiem to go have lunch, 
then practice with his grandfather.  He sighed, looking at the large expanse of 
field before him.  Most of the crops were carrots, with other vegetables and 
stuff in another garden.  Using his hand to wipe the sweat from his brow, Tenchi 
felt something furry rub against his leg.

	Looking down, he saw Ryo-Ohki rubbing happily against him, her eyes 
closed.  He chuckled, picking the cabbit up and holding her in his hands.

	"Look Ryo-Ohki, the're almost grown.  A few more days and you'll have more 
carrots to eat!"

	"Mya!  Myamyamya!"

	Ryo-Ohki hopped excitedly up and down, her eyes sparkling.  Her one 
attribute that was undeniable was her love of carrots.  And ever since she 
assimilated with the Masses, she had been hungry for more and more.  She had 
gotten clever enough for midnight raids in her humanoid form, but not enough to 
get noticed.  Besides, she preferred having Sasami or Tenchi get them for her.

	After drooling with visions of carrots dancing her her mind, she jumped 
out from Tenchi's arms and hopped along to the house.  Smiling warmly at her, 
Tenchi shook his head and followed after her.  The sun was warm on his back, 
with hardly any clouds in the blue sky.  A puffy cloud  drifted lazily in the 
sky, high above.  

	Tenchi thought he heard something like an explosion a few hours ago, but 
he thought it was just as well not to look.  

	*It must've been one of the girls...*

	He ticked off several possible reasons in his mind as he walked back to 
the house.  One, Washu was experimenting with explosives again. Two, Mihoshi 
crashed her ship...again.  Three, Ayeka and Ryoko were duking it out in the 
woods.  None of these theories were good, but he kept in mind that stranger 
stuff *has* happened becuase of his guests.

	Aside from nearly destroying the house on a weekly basis, Tenchi enjoyed 
the company of the girls.  Partly from his father's goading about his *shyness* 
around women, and some obligation for his Juraian relatives, he decided to let 
them stay.  

	Obviously, it was not as simple as Tenchi's descision.  By now, Ayeka, 
Ryoko, Sasami, Washu and Mihoshi had made themselves at home.  Of course, each 
of the girls had thier own reasons for staying.

	Ryoko and Ayeka stayed because neither of them would let the other be with 
Tenchi *alone*.  

	Washu stayed behind because she wanted to perfom more experiments on 
Tenchi, plus being where she was allowed her to conduct her scientific research 
without other influences.

	Mihoshi stayed to protect the Princesses and Tenchi, her Galaxy Police 
influence allowed her to remain in the sector.

	Sasami stayed instead of going home becuase there was no one else to cook 
for them, not even Nobuyuki could cook that good.

	All in all...he was stuck with the five women.  Not that he minded too 
much.  The occaisional destruction of property was minimal.  He had fun, he 
admitted to himself many times.

	*Now Tenchi, would you rather have a boring school life or these 
advnetures?*

	Half of him said no, the other half yes.  He snapped out of his daydream 
as he reached the door to the house.  Blinking a few times, he turned the knob 
and walked in.

	"TENCHI!!"

	Ryoko phased behind him after he walked in the door, her arms draped over 
his shoulders.  She showered him with quick kisses to the neck, and Tenchi's 
face flushed red from the space pirate's affection.

	"Ryoko! What are you doing?!"

	Ayeka had walked in just as Ryoko planted a big wet one on Tenchi's cheek.  
The princess's eyebrow twitched in frustration, her mouth turning into a frown.  

	"Aww, c'mon, princess, it was only a wittle kiss..."

	Ryoko pursed her lips at Ayeka, then grinned mischeviously.  She still 
clung on to Tenchi, but not as tight.

	"What's the matter?  You want me to give you a kiss too?"

	The reaction on Ayeka's face was a Kodak moment.  She sputtered, backing 
up a few paces when Ryoko said that.  He face twisted in a look of pure disgust.  

	"N-not from a hussy like you!  How dare you even think for one second that 
you could kiss me?!"

	Ayeka realized her mistake as soon as the words left her mouth.  Ryoko saw 
the opportunity, and seized it.

	"Oh, so you mean you *would* kiss a girl?  I'm just not your type, eh, 
princess?"

	Ryoko flashed her eyes, the grin creeping across her face.  She could 
barely contain her laughter.  She would *definately* have to write *that* one 
down.  Causing Ayeka humiliation and embarrassment on this level was too much 
fun.

	Ayeka, however, was at the brink of rage, her eyes tight slits of hatred.  
When she began growling and balled her hands into fists, Ryoko let off, sensing 
Ayeka's hostility.  Tenchi looked at Ayeka, then Ryoko, then back again, his 
face showing worry.  Suddenly, Ayeka sighed, letting her hands drop back down.

	"Very well, Ryoko.  You won that battle.  Feel fortunate that Tenchi is 
here, or else this would have gotten even worse..."

	Her voice betrayed her, trembling at the insult to her, and just plain 
angry at Ryoko.  She had stopped herself from attacking her right on the spot 
due to the fact that Tenchi was directly in the crossfire.  Otherwise, the boys 
would have been busy fixing the house again.  She would settle the score later, 
when Tenchi wasn't around.

	Behind Tenchi, Ryoko grinned slightly and nodded, accepting Ayeka's 
challenge silently.  She slipped off from Tenchi and phased away, reapearing in 
the kitchen.  She waved to Tenchi, blowing him a kiss.  Tenchi blushed, his hand 
shooting back behind his head nervously.  He glanced at Ayeka, who was still 
standing in front of him.  He offered her his hand, she looked up and cautiously 
took it.

	"Uhm...sorry about Ryoko...I didn't know that she-"

	"It's alright, Lord Tenchi.  I have learned to move beyond her petty 
words..."

	As well as that sounded, Ayeka was still furious with the space pirate.  
Still, she walked with Tenchi to the dining room, where Sasami had fixed up some 
food.  They saw Mihoshi in there, picking at her food silently, appearing to be 
drifting off into space.

	"Ahhh, Mihoshi, I see your back from patrol!  How'd that emergency call 
go?"

	Practically jumping out of her skin, Mihoshi shot up to attention looking 
around nervously until she saw Tenchi looking at her funny.  She laughed half-
heartedly, holding her hand over her mouth.

	"Ohhh, nothing really happened, just some old lady who broke down near 
Jupiter, that's all...nothing at all..."

	Tenchi scratched his head, thinking about what he just heard and saw.  He 
shrugged, then sat down to eat lunch.  Mihoshi glanced around the table quickly, 
darting her eyes to the door to Washu's lab.  Then she began eating again.
	
	The rest of the afternoon went along normally.  Ayeka and Ryoko didn't 
speak to each other for quite some time, even then it was a remark from Ryoko.  
Tempers flared again, and subsided.  Tenchi thought it was odd that Mihoshi kept 
sneaking down into Washu's lab, but decided against saying anything.

	*Must be helping Washu with something...ah well, better her than me, I 
suppose.*

	Looking up at the clock, Tenchi realized that it was almost time for his 
fight practice at the shrine.  Before he headed out the door, he tried taking a 
peek into Washu's lab.  No luck, the door was locked.  Scratching his head, 
Tenchi shrugged, then headed out to the shrine.

	The air was clean, refreshing.  Too many thoughts running through his 
head.  A good practice would help, especially if he got whacked on the 
head...His grandfather never let up on his fight practice, especially after he 
found out about the Light Hawk Wings.  Katsuhito, or, better known as Yosho, had 
been amazed when it was revealed that Tenchi could summon the Light Hawk Wings 
in battle.  Yosho used this as a tool to goad him into training even harder.  

	If another Kagato or Dr. Clay had shown up, things could get real ugly.  
The girls were capable fighters, but even so, Tenchi was supposed to be the one 
fighting, not them.  It was times like that when he wondered what his destiny 
would be like.  Would it be guarding the women from each other and threats?  Or 
would he ever have another hand to aid him with his battles?

	Tenchi shook his head, trying not to think about it too much.  He had died 
once fighting Kagato, and even when he had his second chance, it was by a fluke 
that he defeated the evil genius.  When Zero was running around, and Dr. Clay 
had set Washu up with the booby-trapped ship, it was by a miracle that he saved 
himself and the girls.  

	Nonetheless, he was glad that things had turned out the way they did.  
Zero and Ryoko had fused, making Ryoko far more tolerable and...even opened up a 
possibility for him.  The girls proved how much they loved him when they refused 
to leave on Azuha's orders.  Not even the Emperor of Jurai himself could 
separate the group.

	He smiled to himself, going over the adventures he had with the girls.  
Not all of them were fun, but they were adventures all the same.  Without 
thinking about it, he had reached his grandfather's shrine.  Bowing respectfully 
and clapping his hands, he knocked on the office door.

	"Grandpa, I'm ready for today's training!"

	Nothing.  No response.

	"Grandpa?"

	Again, nothing.

	Tenchi was getting somewhat worried, and, without thinking, he opened the 
door and rushed inside, scanning the room quickly.  He heard the door close 
quietly behind him, and before he could turn around, a hard bokken connected 
with his skull, causing Tenchi to see stars.  He staggered, holding his head, 
wincing painfully.  He wheeled around, and saw Yosho standing in front of the 
door, a sly grin creeping across his face.  In his hand was a bokken.

	"Next time you might not be so lucky, Tenchi.  That could have been a real 
blade.  Always be prepared, remember that."

	Tenchi really hated being surprised like that.  These encounters always 
left him with a new bruise, and a lesson learned.  But instead of saying 
anything rash, Tenchi simply bowed to the old master.  He had learned by now to 
simply accept his grandfather's unorthodox training procedures. 

	"Good.  At least I know that you accept my techniques.  Shall we begin 
today's practice?"

	"Yeah."

	"Alright, let's go."

	Tenchi and Yosho walked back outside, to begin their fight practice.  
Tenchi took a bokken, and Yosho readied his.  Taking their stances, the fight 
began...


	Within the dark confines of the subspace lab, Washu was hard at work on 
her patient.  The wounds were worse than she had originally thought, and there 
was internal bleeding.  There was one thing she could do: fuse his cells with 
that of the Mass.  It was drastic, but it was all she could do withought 
attracting attention too early.  Luckily, there was still Mass left from when 
Ryo-Ohki assimilated with the main group.  Plus, Washu had some blood samples 
from Zero-Ryoko that would aid with the healing.  

	*What am I thinking? I don't even know for sure if he is who I think he 
is.  If it was true, that means...Tsunami was right.  The great evil has come to 
Earth.  Tenchi will need all the help he can get.*

	Washu watched the healing tank as her fingers flew across the keyboard.  
Her patient floated in the chamber, wearing nothing but tight shorts.  A 
breathing mask was fitted over his mouth, bubbles of air shot to the top with 
each weary breath drawn.  His eyes were closed, but moving around inside, 
dreaming.

	Floating within the tank along with medical drugs was the Mass.  It had 
already begun to absorb into his skin where there were open wounds.  A meter on 
the computer screen showed how much was left to absorb.  Once that was down, 
Washu would begin the infusion of Ryoko's blood and fluids.  This would change 
him...but how much?

	It would be almost a week for him to awaken, Washu had figured.  Already 
the changes had taken effect.  The man's hair, once a dark brown, had turned to 
a dark green, forming small spikes similiar to Ryoko's cyan hair.  His muscles 
had become more defined, more powerful.  

	His form shuddered violently in the tank, the Mass and the fluids 
assimilating the rest of his system.  Washu was indeed a genius; any other might 
have botched it and gave him a system shock, thus killing him.  
	
	A flashing light caught Washu's attention.  Glancing at the display, her 
eyes bugged out as she saw something amazing.  Energy readings were off the 
charts, and they were coming from this kid!  Washu shot her head up to the tank, 
and gasped.

	His eyes were wide open, they took a feline shape and were colored gold, 
and staring right at her.  His eyes went white, and the energy reading went off 
the charts again.  Then his head fell limp, unconscious again.  The readings 
went back down to normal.  Washu backed up in reaction, her mind quickly peicing 
together what just happened.

	"Wha-what the hell?!  Was that the *Mass* that did that?  No, 
impossible..."

	She studied the data from the charts, amazed.  This man had just generated 
enough power to rival Tenchi's Light Hawk Wings!  More careful analysis would 
have to be made, Washu decided.  In the meantime, he was recovering, and the 
computer would record any anomolies. Thinking about it, she stepped out from her 
makeshift infirmary and began typing on her computer, entering more data for her 
experiments.

*******	

	Nightmares.  No end to the horrors that played in his mind.  In the 
darkness, a great evil lurked, his eyes glowing red and sinister.  He raced to 
fight this evil, but every step he took he was pulled backwards by minions of 
the dead.  Bony finger reaching for him, tearing his clothes and drawing blood.  
He fought them, but they came back for more, skeletal faces grinning at him.  

	It was maddening.  Everywhere he looked, people were dead, wounds gaping 
and bubbling with blood.  He heard a voice, laughing at him, mocking his very 
existance and sanity.

	"Find me, warrior.  Or I shall find you...and sacrafice your soul and 
complete the prophecy.  The Apocalypse will arise once again...from your 
blood..."

	Screaming into the night, the Warrior watched in horror as four 
frightening images came into view.  They rode on horses of bone and metal, 
wearing tattered cloaks.  They mocked him, cackling hideously.  

	The image shifted, now he was in a wasteland.  A city was destroyed, 
buildings in ruins.  Not a living soul around.  The voice echoed through the 
dead zone, taunting him and delivering a message.

	"Look...look at what you allowed to happen.  Not a single one alive, the 
world is destroyed.  This is what will happen...because of you!"

	"NOOOO! It can't be true!  I won't...I won't let you, Kanard!  I will 
defeat you, and stop the Apocalypse!"

	A mocking laugh, foreboding.

	"You have already failed..."

	The Warrior dropped to his knees, breathing fast, his rage peaking.  He 
clutched his fists tight, his fingernails digging into his palms.  His head hung 
low, his hair falling over his eyes.  He tossed his head back, screaming into 
the darkness.

	"NOOOOOOO!"

	A flash.  Another image, this one different.  A beautiful woman with long 
blue hair stood before him.  Her smile was warming, soothing.  She reached out, 
and touched his forehead.

	"Do not worry.  You have not failed.  Your battle will come soon enough, 
young Warrior."

	With that, a pulsing blue light came from her hand and melted into the 
man's mind, soothing it.  His eyes went blank, relieved of his nightmares.  The 
woman stepped back, smiling warmly at him.

	"Don't lose faith.  You have come a long way, and you still have a long 
journey ahead of you.  I will watch you...Erick."

	She dissapeared from the vision, and Erick drifted off into a dreamless 
sleep...

*******

	The computer blipped on, activated from a brainwave change on Erick.  High 
levels of stress in the subconscious mind.  They peaked, then suddenly dropped 
down well below normal.  Washu studied this, somewhat puzzled.  She entered the 
findings into the computer then went back to work on other experiments.	
	
	"Odd.  Didn't expect that...that looks about right.  Hmph.  This will take 
some time..."  She continued typing, lost in thought.

***********************************************************

End Song

	"Where the Wild Things Are"
By Metallica : ReLoad

So wake up sleepy one...
It's time to save your world... 

	Steal dreams and give to you 
	Shoplift a thought or two 
	All children touch the sun 
	Burn fingers one by one, by one... 

Will this earth be good to you 
Keep you clean or stain through.... 

So wake up sleepy one... 
It's time to save your world... 
You're where the wild things are... 
Yeah, toy soldiers off to war... 

	Big eyes to open soon 
	Believing all under sun and moon 
	But does heaven know you're here? 
	And did they give you smiles or tears? 
	No, no tears 

Will this earth be good to you? 
Keep you clean or stain through.... 
	
	So wake up sleepy one... 
	It's time to save your world... 
	You're where the wild things are... 
	Yeah, toy soldiers off to war... 

	Solo 
	Backing Vocals: 

You swing your ass around 
Call to arms the trumpets sound 
Toy horses start the charge 
Robots, chessmen standing guard 
We shall never surrender 
Hand puppets storm the base 
Flags up now cannons rage 
Hand puppets storm the base 
Flags up now cannons rage 
All clowns head for the rear 
Slingshots fire to the air 
All clowns head for the rear 
Slingshots fire to the air 
Slip into the edge of death 
Crossfire to the marionettes 
Slip into the edge of death 
Crossfire to the marionettes 
We Shall Never Surrender 

All children touch the sun 
Burn your fingers one by one 
Will this earth be good to you?  
Keep you clean or stain through.... 

So wake up sleepy one... 
It's time to save your world... 
You're where the wild things are... 
Yeah, toy soldiers off to war... 
So close your little eyes... 

********************************************************


Author's Note:

	This is only the beginning.  Next episode:

	* Erick awakens and develops amnesia, becoming Kusanagi! 
	* Mikail starts his empire in Tokyo!
	* Mihoshi falls for Kusanagi! 
	* Tensions build between the Princess and the Space Pirate!

	All this and more in Chronicles of the Goddess 

	Chapter Two: "Death and Rebirth"

 Hope ya liked Chapter 1.  Stay Tuned for Chapter 2 soon!
~Vandalier (tenchimod@yahoo.com)

*********************************************************
