Da Disclamer:
I don't own any of the characters, so don't try an start nuthin, 
okay?  They are the property of whomever thought them up ((sorry 
but I cannot remember your name right now.  Love ya anyway!))



	"Mako-chan, I can't wait until tomorrow!  How did you say you 
met them again?"  Rei Hino asked her friend.  They were both 14 
years old, and they lived in a city called Crystal Tokyo.  No one 
might expect, but they were part of a group of "super-heroes" 
called the Sailor Scouts.
	"Well, I decided to take this cooking class, to see what it 
would be like, and I was partnered with this little girl.  She was 
about Chibi-usa's age, and she said her name was Susami.  We talked 
a little bit, and I found out that she alone cooked and cleaned up 
after 8 adults!  I was pretty amazed, as I only really cook for 
myself.  After the class she invited me over to her house."  Mako-
chan said.  She was tired of repeating the same story to her four 
girlfriends and Usagi's boyfriend, Mamoru (a.k.a. Mamo-chan.)
	"Hmmm, still sounds pretty suspicious, but I'll come along 
for the ride.  See ya tomorrow!"
	"Bye!"  Mako-chan hung up, then dreamed about the coming day.  
She thought about something that she hadn't told anyone.  There was 
a boy about 16 years old there.

~~~~~~~~~ At the Musaki Household ~~~~~~~~~~~~

	Susami walked down the stairs with her pet cabbit, Rio-ohki, 
when she came upon a disaster.  Apparently Mihoshi, a Galaxy Police 
officer, had convinced everyone that it was time for more kareoke, 
and there was sake all around.  All of the girls were sound asleep, 
with what looked like extreme hangovers.
	Susami rushed down the stairs in a fury.  She stopped and 
looked around.  Someone was missing.
	"Looking for me Susami?"  Susami whirled around to find Washu 
at the door of her laboratory.
	"WASHU!  HELP ME!  I have some friends coming in about an 
hour, and there is this horrible mess!  HELP!"  
	"What's wrong?"  Tenchi Musaki came sluggishly down the 
stairs, rubbing the back of his neck.
	"Oh Tenchi!"  Susami ran up and hugged him.  She told him her 
sad story, which was unfortunately muffled by his chest.  Washu 
translated.
	"I have an idea.  Come with me."  He walked into the center 
of the room, and said quietly, as not to wake anyone up, "Susami 
and I are going out now.  Good bye."  He took her by the hand, but 
before he could go ten steps, he had Aeka (Princess of the planet 
Jurai) and Ryoko (a notorious space pirate) on top of him, asking 
their forgiveness, then fighting over him as usual.
	"Thank you Tenchi!  But what about Kiyone and Mihoshi?"  
Asked Susami, a grateful but still worried look on her face.
	"Watch."  He took Mihoshi's laser and carefully aimed it so 
that it would go right past Kiyone's ear.  He put Mihoshi's hand 
around it, then fired.
	Kiyone woke with a start.  She looked around, then saw the 
sleeping Mihoshi with the gun in her hand. 
	"MIHOSHI!  YOU NUMSKULL!  YOU COULD HAVE KILLED ME!  WHAT 
WERE YOU THINKING!"  Kiyone screamed at her partner, who woke with 
a start and started bowing at Kiyone's feet.
	"I'm sorry!  I didn't mean it!  Whatever I did, that is.  
Please don't take it against me!  I'll do whatever it takes!  
PLEASE!"
	"THANK YOU TENCHI!"  Susami yelled over all the noise.  She 
then started picking up trash, and when Tenchi followed her 
example, everyone decided to help out.
	It's amazing how much influence Tenchi has over the girls, 
Susami thought, I hope that we don't fall apart if he ever goes 
away!
	Suddenly there was a knock at the door.  Everyone went dead 
silent, except for Susami, who said, "don't worry, it's only my 
guests."  As she walked away, she could hear her older sister Aeka 
muttering, "it's so nice that she finally has friends, don't you 
think, Tenchi?"
	Susami opened the door.  "Konnichiwa!  Come right on in!  
Hello Mako-chan!  Are these your friends?"
	Makoto nodded as she entered the house.  They introduced 
themselves to Susami.
	"Come on in!  I'll show you to everyone!"  Before Susami 
could go anywhere though, Ami asked, "Is this your pet, Susami?"  
Susami looked at Rio-ohki, who was nestled in her arms.  Susami 
nodded, then said, "His name is Rio-ohki, and it looks like he 
really likes you!  Let's go everyone!"
	When Susami led everyone into the living room, both sides 
were astounded by one another.  Susami introduced everyone, then 
watched as they all started to make friends among themselves.
Ami and Washu started talking to each other, and when they 
found out they both liked science, Washu just had to show off her 
lab to Ami.  
Rei and Kiyone complained loudly at the same time about what 
ditzes their partners were, and when Usagi and Mihoshi started to 
get to know each other, they nearly started rolling on the floor 
laughing.
Ryoko and Minako were the last to meet, but Minako was 
totally astounded that Ryoko knew how to fly, and she wanted to 
hear what it was like being a space pirate.
	"So Mako-chan, what's it like living by yourself?  You must 
have so much peace and quiet, which there is a lack of here, as you 
can see."  Susami looked on, as little fights broke out amongst the 
people.
	"Would you really like to know?  You could come live with me 
if you wanted."  Makoto looked at Susami intently.
	"I would love to!  But they (she pointed to the large fight) 
can't live without me!  They'd starve!"  Susami had looked so 
exited at the offer.
	"They could live at Rei's temple!  There wouldn't be much 
fighting there, not if Grandpa has anything to do about it."  
	Tenchi had overheard that Rei had a temple, and began making 
his way over to her to talk.
	"That would be great!  Why don't I call you tomorrow, once 
I've discussed it with everyone?  It will be nice to go to Tokyo 
again."
	"Alright!  Now, how about that picnic?"
	"Let's go!"

~~~~~~~~~ Later that night ~~~~~~~~~~~~

	"Hello?  This is Makoto speaking.  How may I help you?"  It 
was about 10:30pm, and Mako-chan had just finished the last of her 
homework.
	"Wow, you sound so grown-up on the phone!"  Susami's little 
voice answered.  Makoto could here meowing on the other side.
	"Hi Susami!  What's up?  Everything seems so quiet over 
there!"
	"That's because they all went out for a peaceful walk.  (A 
moment later they heard a large boom and Ryoko yelling.)  Umm, 
never mind.  Anyway, they all love the idea.  But, is there 
anywhere else that Tenchi could stay?"  Susami sounded worried.  
The number of booms increased.
	"Yeah!  Usagi's boyfriend, Mamoru, probably wouldn't mind 
having him!  Let me call, then I'll call you back."  Mako-chan was 
exited that Susami would really be coming over.
	"Okie!  Bye!  Say goodbye Rio-ohki!"
	"Meow!" 
	"Bye Susami and Rio-ohki!"  Makoto hung up the phone, then 
dialed Mamoru's number.  She just hoped that it would work out.
	"Hello?" 
	"Hi Mamo-chan!  I have a favor to ask."
	"Hello Mako-chan.  Go right ahead."
	"I have a friend coming to stay at my house.  The only 
condition that she would come is that I had to find places for the 
adults in her family so that they wouldn't starve.  One of them is 
a boy, a little younger than you are.  Would you mind if he stayed 
at your house for a couple of days?  I know it's a big favor to ask 
of you, but my friend really needs some peace and quiet."
	"Sure!  I wouldn't mind."
	"THANK YOU!  Goodbye!"
	"Bye."
	Makoto put down the phone, then picked it up and dialed 
Susami's number.  It rang for a little while, and then someone 
besides Susami picked up.
	"Hello, this is Ryoko.  You had better not want to speak to 
Tenchi unless you are a relative."
	"Um, hi Ryoko.  Actually, I was calling for Susami."
	"Susami, eh?  Little brat.  Anyway, why do you want to talk 
to her?"
	"Um," Makoto hesitated, "It's about all of you coming to 
Crystal Tokyo."
	"Why her then?"  Ryoko loved to toy with people on the phone.
	"Because she will be staying at my house."  Mako-chan was 
starting to get a little bit annoyed.  On the other line, though, 
she heard,
	"Ryoko!  Give me the phone!  Please!" 
	"All right," Ryoko sounded annoyed that she had to stop 
bugging Makoto.
	"Hello Mako-chan!"  Susami sounded as hyper as ever.
	"Hello Susami!  Mamo-chan says it's okay!  I can't wait until 
Saturday!"
The day was Wednesday.
	"Oh, neither can I!  Right Rio-ohki?"
	"Meow!  Meow meow meow!  Meow meow mrow?"
	"Rio-ohki says he can't wait to meet Luna.  He asks if 
Artemis will be there too."
	"Yeah, Artemis will be there, Rio-ohki.  You'll get to see 
both of them.  Well, Susami, we ought to get to bed.  I can't wait 
to see you!"
	"Bye!"

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ D-Day ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

	"Konnichiwa Susami!  Rio-ohki!  Come on in!  How are you?  
Here, let me take your coat!" Mako-chan ushered her guests into her 
apartment. 
They decided to all stop there before going their separate ways. 
	"Miss Makoto your apartment is very clean!"  Aeka said as she 
wandered around.
	"Thank you Princess," Makoto said with a blush.  She looked 
at her watch.  They had a little while before they would go meet at 
Rei's temple.  "Would anyone like something to drink?"
	"Yeah, do you have any tea?"  Tenchi asked.  Before Makoto 
could answer, they all heard a large crash from outside.  When 
Makoto looked out of her apartment window, all she could see was a 
crushed (literally) Kiyone and Mihoshi trying desperately to get 
her trunk from off of Kiyone. 
	"Well, looks like Mihoshi finally killed her this time.  
Shame, Kiyone was starting to grow on me," said Ryoko as she 
teleported down to lift the trunk off.  Makoto, Susami, and Aeka 
ran down to see if Kiyone was all right.
	"Miss Kiyone!  Talk to me!  Please!"  Aeka started screaming.  
Makoto checked her pulse, while Susami went to get some water.
	"Yup," Makoto said as she stepped back, "just knocked out.  
Don't worry Mihoshi, she'll be alright, but I suspect that she 
won't be in the best of moods when she comes around."  Makoto 
looked at her watch.  "Alright, let's get over to Rei's.  Aeka and 
I will carry Kiyone.  Ryoko, would you carry their trunk?"
	"Yeah, yeah, might as well," she said with a sigh, then said, 
"oh, but it's so heavy!  Tenchi, would you help me with it?"
	"You wouldn't dare Ryoko!"  Aeka turned her head to the side.
	"Aeka!  She can carry it by herself!  I'm gonna take the rest 
over with Mihoshi anyway!"  Tenchi glared at them, but when they 
glared at Mihoshi, he realized that he had said the wrong thing.
	Makoto just sighed.  It'll be a long day, a very long day.
