Legal mumbo jumbo: All Tenchi Muyo characters are property of
AIC/Pioneere. Cops and Homer Simpson are property of Fox Broadcasting. 
Ranma is property of Rumiko Takahashi. Rei is property of ADV
Films.(Phew!) No with that over on to the story. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
COPS
Galaxy Police Special
by
Jesse Lockhart 
Cops is filmed on location with the men and women of law enforcement.
All suspects are proven guilty in the court of law. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Today we look at a day on the beat with two of the galaxy police's most
respected detectives. This scene takes place somewhere in outer space. 
A lone Galaxy Police ship is sailing along through the solar system.
Inside the ship are our two detectives.) 
Deep space:
Star date-2643799(6-16-99) 
Detective 1st class Kiyone Makabi: Our main job is to keep watch over
the planets mostly the planet jurai. The majority of the time, were up
in space. It gets a little boring. 
Nothing usually happens, but if it dose it's often serious.(Crunch!) 
That's why as Galaxy Police we must be alert and ready at all
ti..(Crunch, Chomp!) Protect the innocent and to keep the peace. That is
our…..(Chomp, crunch, crunch, chomp!) 
GGRRRRRRR!! MIHOSHI!! WOULD YOU QUIT IT WITH THE CONSTANT SMAKING!! 
Detective 1st class Mihoshi: Uh, sorry Kiyone. It's just that these
chips are really good. You can eat just one! (Chomp, chomp, chomp,
crunch!) 
Kiyone: Look at this place! It's a pigsty! And it's all your stuff! H.Q.
is going to think were a bunch of slobs! 
Mihoshi: (Sniff) I'm sorry. (Sniff) I didn't do it on purpose!
WWWAAAAAAAHAHAHAHA! I didn't mean to, I didn't mean to! Kiyoneeehehehe!(
Glomps onto Kiyone's uniform. And continues to cry.) 
Kiyone: Uuugh! That promotion better come sometime soon. I don't know
how much more I can take. 
(A loud beeping noise is coming from the control panel. Both Kiyone and
Mihoshi look over at the panel.) 
Kiyone: Huh? It's an incoming message from H.Q. (Kiyone gose over to the
control panel and pushes the button to see the commander pop up on the
monitor. 
Kiyone: Sir! This is detectives 1st class Kiyone and Mihoshi awaiting
orders sir! 
Commander: Hihoshi! Did you finish that police report yet?! 
Mihoshi: Report? Well I ah.. ah.. eh.. it's ah.. eeeehhhhhhhh!(Starts to
tear up again) 
Kiyone: That idiot. Luckily I did them for her. Mihoshi are these the
reports you left in your quarters? 
Mihoshi: But I didn't do any report in m.. (Kiyone kicks her in the
shin.) 
Mihoshi: Ow! Oh! Reports ha ha ha ha! (Puts hand on the back of her
head) I did leave them there. I fax them to you right away. (Mihoshi
slips the paper into the fax machine and pushes the send button. 
The commander instantly recieves the report.) 
Commander: Ah! Nicely done Mihoshi! Keep this up and you'll be up for a
promotion! 
Kiyone: WHAAAAAAA?!!!! (Kiyone's eyes go wide whlie a big tear drop runs
down her face.) 
Mihoshi: Why thank you commander! I'll continue to do my best. You'll
see! 
Commander: Good! That is all! (The commander signs off) 
Mihoshi: Wow! A promotion. Did you hear that Kiyone? Finally I'm being
recognized for my skill as an officer! Oh happy day! (She start walking
away singing and dancing leaving Kiyone turning red with anger.) 
Kiyone: GGGGGGGRRRRRRRR!!! THAT %^%$@@%!! THE SLUTTY BLONDE BIMBO! I'M
GONNA KILL THAT &##$#$*(^@ *@!#%$$^$@&!!! 
(Cut to the seen where Mihoshi is sitting near the control panel
fiddling with that pink looking cube. Kiyone comes out of her quaters
after she composes herself. All of a sudden she notices every thing
starting to change color.) 
Mihoshi: (Not noticing Kiyone in the background.) I still don't know how
to work this thing! If I turn it this way or that way... (The ship
suddenly dissapears and Kiyone and Mihoshi are floating into space. 
A wide-eyed Kiyone looks around around trying to find out what's going
on. Mihoshi who is still not noticing what's going on, continues to turn
the cube in a sitting position.) 
Mihoshi: It still dose nothing. I shouldn't have threw away those
instruction. 
(Mihoshi turns the cube again and both girls are back on the ship again,
but Kiyone turns around to see Kain standing behind her ready to
attack.) 
Kiyone: Huh? KAIN!!! (She pulls out her faiser and starts shooting at
Kain which is not hurting him one bit. When she runs out of bullets,
Kiyone throws the gun away and ducks her head bracing Kain's attack.) 
Mihoshi: (Still turning the cube.) Maybe if I turn it this way. (Kiyone
peeks her head up and see Kain's not there anymore. She rubs her
forehead and sighs.) 
Mihoshi: Why won't this stupid thing work?! 
(Out of fustration, Mihoshi turns the cube any which way the ship. The
room begins to change colors again and all of a sudden Kiyone looks down
at herself to find out that she dosen't have and clothes on.) 
Kiyone: AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!! (She tries to cover herself, but then out
of nowhere, a boy appears wearing a muscle shirt, a yellow bandana
around his forehead, and a backpack with a huge umbrella on top. appears
looking lost. He turns around to see Kiyone nekked.) 
Boy: Excuse me can tell me where I can find a place called
NerimAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH! (Boy starts to have a nosebleed) 
Kiyone:(Continues to cover herself.) AAAAAAAHHHHHHH! PERVERT!!! (The boy
suddenly disappers and Kiyone is back in uniform but it looks a little
different. not only that, so was her hair, her head band was gone, and
she looks poorly drawn.) 
Kiyone: My hair, My face! My headband is gone! What's going on here?!
(Her uniform suddenly changes into urban clothing. She is wearing baggy
pants, a kango hat, and a fubu sweater.) 
Kiyone: Hey what da dilly yo?! (Then she changes into Tenchi, Ryoko,
Ranma*, Ayeka, Rei from EVA*, Washu, Ryo-Ohki, Kagato, Homer Simpson.*) 
Homer: Doh! (Then she changes back to her formers self and see's Mihoshi
with the cube and snatches it away from her.) 
Kiyone: GIMMIE THAT!!! 
Mihoshi: What'd I do?! 
(The same beepnig noise from the control panel is heard again.) 
Kiyone: Another massage! (Gose over and pushes the button to see the
lieutenant on the screen.) 
Lieutenant: Kiyone, Mihoshi! There is word of a domestic dispute on
colonized planet 0315. 
Mihoshi: That's planet earth. 
Lieutenant: I want you two to go down there and investigate this at
once. 
Kiyone and Mihosh: YES SIR! (They set their cordinates and they took off
full speed to planet earth.) 
Mihoshi: So where is the distubance comming from?(Both girls view the
mapped image on the screen.) 
Kiyone: Hmm. From this map, somewhere in Japa.. Oh no. Not there again. 
Mihoshi: Not there where? 
Kiyone: The cordinates are pointing straight for the Masaki shrine! 
Mihoshi: Alright! Maybe we canpick up some snacks while were their! 
Kiyone: Is that all you think about is food? 
Masaki Shrine:
6-17-99 
(The ship lands safely at the Masaki Shrine where we see two girls on
each side pulling a guy between them. Kiyone and Mihoshi runs over to
control the two. For protection pouposes their names will not be
mentioned.) 
Girl 1: LET GO OF HIM! HE'S MINE YOU @%#&*!! 
Girl 2: YOU LET GO OF HIM YOU SLUTTY WHORE! 
Kiyone: Hey! Hey! Hey! Let go of him you two and control yourselves. 
(Kiyone and Mihoshi hold back the two girls.) 
Mihoshi: Yes their is no need to be fighting like this. 
Guy: Sorry if I caused you any trouble! 
Kiyone: You guys! Why do we always have to be called here because you
two can't get along? 
Girl 1: Why don't you ask that $@$@$%& &#^#@ over there! She keeps
putting her filthy hands on my T------i! 
Girl 2: I'm not your @#$%* Miss R------o! Besides, I don't see your name
on him! 
Girl 1: You wanna name?(Using her index finger, she zaps a print of her
name on the guy's forehead.) You got it! 
Girl 2: Wanna be funny huh? Just don't let me see you in his room again!
SLUT! 
Girl 1: Well I'm sorry that you're too ugly to seduce T-------i! HA HA
HA HA HA HA!!! 
Girl 2: @&$$ NO!! YOU'ER MINE $%*@^!!! 
Girl 1: You wanna piece of me A---------a?! 
Girl 2: Piece of you?! I want the whole fruit cake! 
Girl 1: Come and get it then! 
(Both girls stare angrily at each other. Sparks begin to form btween
their eyes. Kiyone and Mihoshi try desparately to hold back each of
them. 
Kiyone: C'mon guys if you two would stop fighting, I'm sure thier is a
way that we can work this out! 
(Girls 1 stops looking at Girl 2 and turns to Kiyone.) 
Girl 1: Hey! Where do you get off saying that? You gotta lot of nerve! 
Kiyone: Waa? What do you mean? 
(Ryoko takes a letter from between her breast, opens it up, and shows it
to Kiyone.) 
Girl 1: Is this yours Kiyone? I found it in your apartment. A love
letter to a certain someone were fighting over?( Kiyone becomes
wide-eyed in shock. Girl 2 looked puzzled. Guy's nose begin to bleed.
Mihoshi grabs the paper from Girl 1.) 
Mihoshi: Kiyone? Do you? 
(Girl 1: Raises an eyebrow at Kiyone.) 
Do you really? 
Kiyone: Mihoshi I... 
Mihoshi: Do you really like writing love letters? 
(Everyone except Mihoshi face faults.) 
Kiyone: Well he he heh heh. I'm glad to see everythings back to normal
here. You're not fighting anymore he heh heh he. Lets go Mihoshi! 
Mihoshi: What? So soon? 
(Kiyone looks at the two girls who both have solid looks on their faces.
The guy is trying to keep his head up so he wouldn't make his nosebleed
worse) 
Kiyone: Yup. Lets go! (She grabs Mihoshi by the hand and runs back to
the ship sweeping mihoshi off her feet.) 
Hihoshi: But what about the snaaaaaaaahhhhhh!! 
The ship wastes no time in lifting off and high tailing it back to
space. The screen fades to black and the cops logo appears.) 
THE END
Mihoshi: WHAT YOU'RE IN LOVE WITH TENCHI!!!!