I don't own these characters or profit from them.



Cowboy Cabbit
By, Clayton Overstreet


  Spike frowned and lay back on the couch. "I don't see why we came all the 
way to Earth for this."
  "Because it's the biggest bounty I've ever seen. It expires in three weeks 
so we have to act fast." Jet said.
  "So what did this person do to get such a big bounty anyway?" Fae asked. 
"I mean five hundred and thirty million... that's enough to but a company."
  Edward began typing into her computer and mumbling to herself, "It's bitsy 
tiny bounty... here it is. Edward is such a genius!"
  She leaned down and began reading. "She blew up over a hundred space 
stations and sixty planets working with a partner who did almost as much 
data. Their file was closed almost two hundred years ago. She's been on the 
most wanted list for two thousand two hundred years."
  Spike let out a long whistle. "Wow, now that is impressive. But how do we 
know she's she even alive after all that?"
  Ein barked once and Jet said, "I got her location from a man on Jurai. 
Apparently she's living with the princesses and some other people."
  "I hate Earth... besides weren't you the one that said 'Nothing good ever 
came from Earth.'" Spike said. Jet turned the screen around so he could see 
the bounty. "On the other hand since we're already here we might aswell 
check it out."
  Edward jumped up and landed on his stomach. "Edward wants to check it out! 
Ein and Edward can go out and take a look and report back. Be like spies and 
see what's what. Never been to Japan before! Speak all the lingo on Earth!"
  He sighed and pushed her onto the floor. "Fine we'll send you out first. 
If you don't come back we'll consider ourselves lucky."
  "Yay! Edward gets to go to Japan!" She screamed and ran out of the room 
followed by Ein.
  "That kid ain't right." Jet said. The others nodded.

  Edward peeked out from behind a tree. Ein had decided to stay on the ship. 
She was wearing a trenchcoat, wide hat, and her green cyber goggles. "Oh, 
pretty house!"
  Suddenly the ground shook and she fell over. A figure popped up behind the 
house and extended her hand. "That's it Aeka! This is the last straw." A 
beam of red light shot out of her hand and an explosion rocked the ground 
again.
  A woman with purple hair ran out from behind the house and fired a blue 
beam back. "I'll take the last cookie if I want to Ryoko! I am a princess."
  "Then go back to Jurai with your daddy!" Ryoko yelled and fired again.
  Edward squealed and dived into the bushes. "Scary ladies with lazer 
fingers!"
  Someone cleared his voice behind her and she turned around. Standing there 
was an old man on a white robe. "Can I help you?"
  She blinked, then smiled at him. "Maybe... but you have to keep it quiet. 
Edward is hear on a hush hush trip!"
  "I see. Well then I won't tell anyone why you are here. I am Yosho."
  She stood up and extended her hand, shaking his roughly. "Edward is 
Edward! Is also a bounty hunter looking for dangerouse class A criminal." 
She backflipped onto her hands and her coat fell over her head. "Don't know 
where to look though. You said you would help. So where is Ryo-oki?"
  Yosho blinked and looked at her strangely. "The last time I saw her she 
was with Sasami. If you come in we can get you something to eat and you can 
talk to the others. They won't tell anyone either."
  "Yay! Edward is very hungry. But what about the lazer ladies?"
  He smiled down at her. "Don't mind them."

  Tenchi yawned as he walked through the door. It had been another long day 
in the fields and he just wanted to rest with his family. When Ryoko didn't 
mob him as he walked through the door though, he knew something was up. 
Inside he peeked around the corner and saw them sitting around a red haired 
girl who was stuffing a whole sandwich into her face.
  "Oh no, not another one!" He sighed.
  Mayuka smiled as he walked in and jumped up to him. "Hi daddy! Look who 
grandpa Yosho found!" She was physically about seven years old, had blue 
hair, and was covered in purple fur from the neck down. Her clothes were a 
blue shirt and a pink polka dot dress. "She's lots of fun."
  Ryoko smiled and walked over to her husband and kissed him, pressing 
Mayuka between them tightly. When the girl complained she smiled and said, 
"You should know better than to get between us by now honey."
  "So what life threatening peril are we in now?" He asked.
  Sasami smiled from her spot next to Washu. "None this time. She says she's 
a bounty hunter here for Ryo-oki."
  "A bounty hunter!" He looked at the girl. "She looks a little young for 
that."
  Edward growled at him... literaly. "Edward is too a bounty hunter. 
Official member of Bebop! Ace number one computer hacker Radical Edward!"
  Washu's eyebrows shot up. "Really! Let me take a look." She held out her 
hands and a computer appeared. She pushed a few buttons and smiled. "Radical 
Edward... oh so you're the one who drew a smily face across South America!"
  Edward poked her finger through the computer screen. "That's me... weird 
computer. It isn't there! Can I see inside?" She pulled the cord to her 
goggles out and handed it to Washu. "Hook Edward up please."
  Washu dropped her hands and the computer vanished. "No way! You might mess 
up my experiments."
  "Plus you might destroy the universe." Aeka muttered.
  Edward pouted and looked around. Tenchi smiled at her and asked, "So why 
are you here?"
  She smiled at him. "You're cute! Want to be Edward's boyfriend?"

  "Maybe we shouldn't have let her go. Low profile isn't exactly Edwards 
Forte." Jet said.
  Fae slapped her cards down. "Blackjack!" She scooped up the money. "Don't 
worry about it. Edward lived on Earth her whole life before we came along."
  "Want to take bets on that?" Spike asked.
  Something banged on the hull of the ship and they all looked around. Jet 
reached for his computer and punched up the outside sensors. Two women in 
police uniforms were standing outside. One was blond with blue eyes and the 
other had green hair. Spike smiled and walked to the hatch.
  "Is there a problem officer?" He asked when it opened.
  "You're darn right there is! This is a restricted area reserved for the 
royal family and their guests. Just who... Spike?"
  "Hello Kiyone... Mihoshi, long time no see."
  The blond haired girl smiled. "Spike! We haven't seen you in forever!"
  "It has been a few years. What are you two doing here in the middle of 
nowhere?"
  "This is our usual assignment. We only leave for vacations and special 
assignments."
  "You still haven't answered my question Spike." Kiyone said. "What are you 
doing here?"
  Jet, Fae, and Ein peeked out from behind him. "Hey Spike, you know these 
two?"
  Mihoshi let out a squeal and picked up Ein. "Oh what a cute doggy!"
  "Mihoshi control yourself!" Kiyone snapped.
  "That's not what you told her last time I saw you." Spike said. Kiyone 
blushed and looked down. "If you must know I am here on buisness. We're 
after a legitimate bounty in the area."
  "Sorry to disapoint you but the bounty on Ryoko expired centuries ago."
  "We're after Ryo-oki."
  Mihoshi looked up and Ein jumped out of her arms then ran into the ship to 
hide. "Oh Sasami won't like that."
  "Sasami? The princess?" Jet asked. "Can somebody tell me what is going 
on?"
  Kiyone sighed and motioned for them to fallow. "Come up to the house and 
we'll explain..." She looked at Fae. "Just to be on the safe side, you don't 
have a thing for skinny guys with short black hair do you?"

  "That is Ryo-oki!" Fae said in disbelief. "You have got to be kidding me."
  The cabbit meowed happily from onto of Sasami's head. Sasami giggled and 
nodded. "That's her. Cute little thing isn't she?" Sasami looked to be about 
seventeen. When she had bonded to Tsunami they decided to keep her name.
  "So let me get this straight." He pointed at Sasami and Washu. "You two 
are gods." He looked at the others. "And the rest of you are part of the 
main royal family of the most powerful empire in the universe?"
  Spike nodded. "I told you we shouldn't have come here."
  Washu picked Ryo-oki up and pet her head. "And just what do you have 
planned for my second daughter?"
  "We are going to turn her in for the reward." Fae said.
  Aeka smiled and stood up. "In that case I have the perfect solution. Turn 
her into us. I'm sure Washu could arrange for the money to be given to you 
from the Jurai treasury."
  Washu grinned and said, "Not even a problem." She held up her hands, but 
her computer didn't appear. "What the... someone else must be accessing it."
  Kiyone looked around. "Where is Edward?"
  "Oh she wanted to look around Washu's lab so I let her in." Mihoshi said.
  "You what?" Washu yelled. "Oh no, my experiments!"
  Washu led the way as they all rushed to the lab. They found Edward hooked 
up to the computer and singing to herself. "Secrets of the universe open 
wide, Radical Edward is now inside!" Washu pulled the plug and she pouted. 
"Aw... I was just gonna have some fun."
  "Then get your own toys." Washu said.
  "Sure thing. Edward sees how some of it works." She said. "Easy as peanut 
pie!"
  Spike picked her up and sighed. "Just pay us so we can leave."
  Washu nodded and typed in a few commands. "Here you go, the money is on 
your ship. I also fixed a few things up for you."

  They all stared at the shiny paint job and new parts that made up the 
ship. The pantry was full of food and there was a huge stack of money in the 
cargo hold.
  "Wow, that lady does good work." Fae said.
  Jet nodded. "I'll say. This thing didn't look this good when I bought it."
  "That's nothing. Wait until you see what Edward did to her room before I 
was cut off." Edward said. She opened the door and they peered inside. An 
exact copy of Washu's lab was in there. "Edward will have tons of fun taking 
over the universe!"
  Spike frowned. "Should she have this stuff?"
  Fae shrugged. "Those people didn't think Washu should but she does. I 
suppose a little competition is alright."
  "Just don't mess with my ship alright?" Jet said. Edward just laughed and 
closed the door.

The end

Author's note
  Ha, the first Bebop crossover! I just had an idea of Edward getting 
control of Washu's computer and it was either this or another one of my 
Toonami Lunchroom stories. I though this was pretty cool. They haven't 
changed much in two hundred years have they? Send comments to 
clayton_n@hotmail.com

