By Keener <otakunxs@bellsouth.net>

  Humorous crossover anyone? If you guessed the mystery series by the title
alone, you've been paying attention, have a snakey cake. C&C, MST, FFIRC,
and what not, DESPERATLY needed... love me? Please?

OtakuNXS presents....


                Craft 54, Where the !@#$ are You?

        First class Detective Mihoshi carefully wiped an errant lock of hair
from her friend's fevered face. Kiyone, eye's still closed, moaned softly
and tried to snuggle deeper into the medical cot. Sterile white surrounded
them, as bizarre machines glowed silently, going about the countless jobs
necessary to keep the dark hared woman comfortable. I like the pretty
lights, thought the blonde operative hoping that they brought some form of
soothing to her soulmate. Suddenly, her hand was griped in by the clawing
grasp of a woman in pain.

        "Come here detective Mihoshi, I've got a job for you. See this
button? DON'T TOUCH IT!" Kiyone cried out, her eyes wild as she pulled
Mihoshi down to her, yelling the last in and through the young woman's head.
"You won't push it will you? The jolly candy like button!"

        Mihoshi looked down to her partner as if to say, "Of course, Kiyone,
you just rest, worry about getting better. I-I'll be fine without you, just
get well." Had the other officer not had hands firmly around her neck,
shaking her viscously, she just might have said it.

        A uniformed nurse ran in and frantically injected some solution into
Kiyone's arm, as several orderlies separated her from Mihoshi and activated
hidden restraints on the bed. Wiping the tears from her blue eyes, the tan
woman simply smiled. She still had so much life left in her.

        "Tragic really, one of our best officers." The newest Section 8
chief of Galaxy Police shook his wolf-like head sadly. Smiling a toothy grin
at Mihoshi, he put a reassuring paw on the detective's shoulder. "Don't
worry, we'll take good care of her. She'll be as good as new in a matter of
years."

        Mihoshi wiped one last tear with her sleeve, pausing only to blow
her nose in Kiyone's sheets. "Than-thank you sergeant Alhroun. Without her,
the world is a dark and lonely place, please bring her back to me."

        "You heard her men. I want that detective taken care of. We can't
break up this particular team." Section Chief Alhourn proclaimed.

        "Yes sir!" the orderlies cried in unison. A bespectacled man in a
lab coat adjusted his glasses dramatically. "Don't you worry, she's got more
then a few good millenium left in her. We'll do everything we can to see
that these two are never parted again!"

        Kiyone eye's opened wide and suddenly the computer screens seemed to
writhe in pain and horror. The orderlies tightened the restrainers and the
nurse hypoed another injection into the thrashing woman.

        "That's the fighting spirit of the Galaxy Police right there
gentlemen. You take good care of it!" As Kiyone gave one last frantic pull
on her restraints, reaching out to her partner, murder in her eyes the
Section Chief saluted her. Then he placed another paw on Mihoshi. "Let's
leave her to rest now, she wouldn't want us to witness her time of weakness.
Besides, I have to speak with you."

        "Just let me say my good-bye's." Mihoshi noticed the Chief's warning
smile and nodded solemnly, "I mean my... until we meet again."

        "That's the spirit detective, carry on." The wolf-man gave Mihoshi a
salute and walked out the door, ushering the attendants out as well, leaving
her alone with her loved one.

        "Parting, parting is such sweet sorrow that I... that isn't right."
Mihoshi walked over to the largest and most impressive of the medical
devices. "The red and green light is a lot more cheery, and that's what you
need." She fiddled with the dials a bit, until the proper colors danced
about the machine's surface.

        "Also, I brought these for you. Some guy was actually trying to
throw these away, can you imagine?" Mihoshi picked at the lovely blossoms of
the plant in her hands. Looking about, she found a vase filled with liquid.
"Look, they even have tubes to replenish the water, how thoughtful." She
pried the metal lid of the vase and placed the gift of life and color into
the strangely thick water. Must be special flower water, she thought.

        "Please, come back to me soon." Mihoshi whispered as she leaned
closer to her friend. "I'll be waiting." The detective gave a final,
heart-betraying kiss and walked out without another word.


        "Detective Mihoshi, I know just how hard all this is for you. But
frankly, after the explosion, I can't give you much time to grieve. Over
two-hundred criminals escaped deep freeze, the possible repercussions of
this are staggering." Chief Alhourn walked the detective down the hallway,
ignoring the frantic cries of the nurse behind him. "We need everyone on the
force, working the beat, and tracking them down. I just can't spare you,
much as I'd like."

        "I need a team in here STAT! She's having an allergic reaction to
something in the IV tank!"

        "You don't have to worry about that sir, I'd never tarnish the good
name of the Galaxy Police, what would my partner say?" Mihoshi's face went
serious as she snapped into a salute. "Detective FIRST Class Mihoshi
reporting for duty. You can count on me sir."

        "What the hell? This is set for a Splogroth's biorhythms! She can't
take that much pressure, she's going to blow for sure captain!"

        Chief Alhourn's face broke into a wide, pointed smile. Then he
laughed in a deep throaty growl. "Of course, Detective FIRST class." He
looked to the heavens above and allowed a small tear to well up in one eye.
"If only I had more true warriors among my officers!"

        "Ack! Somebody call in security, somehow one of the Audries Fours
didn't get incinerated... ARRRRRGGGGHHHH! Get it off me, man get it off!"

        "Here's your new assignment." The silver wolf chief handed the
platinum blonde detective the diamond crystal plaque. Instantly, data and
pictures danced about the clear sheet, detailed maps, mug shots and bakery
locations all at her fingertips. "These area's are considered high target
zones for our escapee's, memorize them and..."

        "What a cute little basset hound."

        "Ah, that's Oshi, a viscous cur if ever there was one. Don't let
those cute widdle ears fool you. He's actually quite dangerous, he's got a
mean streak a mile wide. Take note detective, or death awaits you with nasty
pointy teeth."

        Mihoshi nodded solemnly, and they discussed the other villains now
prowling the galaxy, villains that only the best could face. There was no
question as to just who the best was. Finally, they approached his office,
he offered her a cup of tea, and then he sat down heavily, spinning his
swivel chair to face the space filled window.

        "There's something else, Detective, you will be given a new
partner." He stared out into the endless depths of space, eyes focusing on
something distant, unattainable, but a worthy goal nonetheless.

        "But sir, I..."

        "NO! Detective, we have lost too many good officers to this new
menace. There's more then just a group of deviants all about the cosmos,
their coming together, forming alliances, working as one. I'll put one of my
men, especially one such as you against any three of them. But to ask you to
take on an entire army, alone, without backup? No, it will not be done."

        Mihoshi stared into her tea, unable to counter; unable to even fully
understand everything that had been said. "Who?"

        "Someone new, fresh out of the academy. You see, when the explosion
took out a good half of the Galaxy Police Station, we were in a bit of a
bind. We have the ships, we have the computers, and we have the mecha, what
we lack is the officers. I'm afraid we've had to draft some of the cadets.
This will be hard on everyone, them and you. You had better be up to it, his
life is very much in your hands."

        Mihoshi looked up, "Him, sir?"

        "Yes, I'm not completely up on his bio, but he's supposed to be
first rate. No one is really sure where he came from. He's human so the
guess is a Jurian colony." The lupine stood and leaned against the thin
sheet of transparent aluminum, the only thing keeping him safe from a
thousand ways to die and nobody to hear you scream. "Boy wandered in on a
training exercise, four class three Aptoms, and he... won. Mihoshi, the guy
wasn't wearing a battle suit, and he won."

        "Cute, good fangs too." Mihoshi blushed slightly as she scanned the
image.

        "For a human, yes." Chief Alhourn flashed a dozen pointed teeth.
"But I just don't know about this mystery man business. That's why we're
assigning him to you. I don't trust him just yet, better we put our best man
<ahem> woman on the job."

        "Don't worry sir, for the honor of the Galaxy Police, I will not
fail."

        Chief Alhourn nodded approvingly then looked to the door as a
computer generated buzz announced a new visitor. "Ah, and here he is now,
Cadet... Sergeant Tylor, where is the Cadet." The unkempt officer flinched
at the demanding growl.

        "I-I thought it would be best if he freshened up first, so I let him
go to restroom." the young officer shrugged.

        "And?" Chief Alhourn demanded, teeth even more visible.

        "And, that was over three hours ago, no one knows where he is
currently." Sergeant Tylor retreated hastily as fire alight Chief Alhourn's
eyes.

        Mihoshi simply sighed, wondering just how much work was in store for
her. Oh well, she thought, I just have to remember what Kiyone taught me.
Never give up, she never did with me.

        Meanwhile, a young man sneezed abruptly, drawing the attention of
the ten foot man eating plant. Wiping his nose on his sleeve, he gathered
his reserves together for the coming battle. Still, this sure as hell didn't
LOOK like the bathroom, but that was par for the course in this crazy place.
The young man uttered a quiet oath before charging, "This is all your fault
Ranma!"

End Part One

Brought to you by the fine people of FFIRC. C&C? It's what we do!
Revenge's End Mad Bishonen Boy
Krudd (Krillian and Elmer Fudd Amalgalm, don't ask)
The Parrot King
Kaizer Soize
MidnightWriter's Guild Member

(Didn't ANYBODY read Uses of the Knife? <sniffle>)
        /
 Oo
(~,)
 V