Crossing Dimensions
By: Alex Betts


Book 2: The DBZ Realm
Disclaimer: Except for Matt, Will, and myself I don't own any of these 
characters

Chapter 2 "Extended Vacation"
        "Matt is that you?" I asked in disbelief.
        "Yup, it's me," he replied and then added,  "And you heard me right I 
don't want 
to be wished back to life."
        I then turned to Ryoko and said, "Ryoko I need you to do me a favor."
        "Sure, what is it?" She asked.
        "Kill me,"
        "WHAT, I'm going to kill you and besides why?"
        "So I can go up there, grab the first blunt object I can find and 
repeatedly bash 
Matt's skull in until I knock some sense back in."
        "Alex I'm not crazy," he replied, "but well I'm already dead and if 
you wish me 
back I'll just die again.  And besides that I died one of the best ways 
a person can, so 
let's just leave things alone."
        "You know you could have said something before we went trough all of 
this trouble," 
Will said.
        "Well this wasn't an easy decision for me, I really had to think about 
it," Matt said 
trying to calm us down.
        "YOU TRY MY PATINCE, MAKE YOUR WISH NOW," the dragon said.  And it is 
kind of hard to 
tell but I think Shenron was losing his patience with us real fast.
        "Great does anyone have any really good wishes?"  I asked.
        "Well," Ryoko began, "I know what I'd like," she said looking at 
Tenchi.
        "Oh no you don't demon no way are you going to get Tenchi through a 
wish," Ayeka said 
pulling Ryoko away from Tenchi.
        "None of you are going to get Tenchi through a wish," I added.
        "Chill out, when I do get Tenchi or Alex it will be through true love 
which is to bad 
for you princess," Ryoko said waiting for Ayeka to react.
        "THAT IS IT IF YOU HAVE NO WISHES THEN SAY SO," Shenron said, and now 
I could tell he 
was aggravated.
        "Well seeing as how that appears to be the case then I guess you can 
leave, sorry about 
this,"
        "THEN I BID YOU FARWELL," Shenron said and he disappeared and the 
dragon balls rose 
into the air and shot across the sky to be scattered across the world 
again.
        "Well now I guess we just give the radar back to Bulma and then we 
head to Amber and 
the Courts of Chaos," I said.
        So we got in the truck and headed back to West City.  However after 
about 20 minutes 
the engine began cutting out and then it just died.
        "Uh oh," Trunks muttered.
        "Ok please tell me something good about this Trunks," I asked.
        "Well I really can't there's nothing to be fixed the truck is out of 
gas," he replied.
        "You're kidding, the cars in this world can fly and travel at 
neck-breaking speeds and 
yet they still need gas," Will muttered.
        "Hey they need fuel, it's just a basic in cars, Alex can you get us 
some fuel from a 
shadow?" Trunks asked.
        "Yeah but I don't know if it would be any good, I don't know what 
these things use," I 
replied.
        "This is great," Ryoko muttered, "first Matt doesn't want to come 
back, then the truck 
runs out of gas, well what next?"
        "Uh well I don't have any other cars or trucks with me," Trunks said.
        "What about the time machine it can just fly right?" I asked.
        "Yeah but there's no way everyone will fit in it," he answered.
        "I can fix that," Washu said with perhaps too much eagerness to do it.
        "Sorry Washu but I don't want anyone other than myself and my mom 
touching the time 
machine," Trunks replied.
        "Ryoko can't you just teleport us back?" Kiyone asked.
        "I don't think I can take this many people and I don't really remember 
the area that 
well," she said.
"Besides where's the fun in that?" I asked joking around, then I added, 
"Ok hang on and I'll 
get a car." 
        So I extended my logrus tentacles into shadow once more searching for 
a car, finally 
I found the one I wanted and I slowly began to pull it through.  With 
some help from the others 
we got it into our current shadow fully.  They then looked at our new 
transportation.
        "It figures," Will muttered, "I should of known you'd get a prowler."
        "Hey it's what I like," I said.
        "But we can't all fit in it," Tenchi said.
        "I can fix that as well," Washu said, "We just need a few more seats,"
        So she brought up her computer and began typing on it, and as she did 
the car began to 
stretch and grow more seats.  After a few moments the changes were 
done.  I then used my 
Spikard to add my own choice of a flame and lightning paint job to the 
black prowler.
        "Oh and Will this time I'm driving," I said.
        Ryoko and Ayeka then both said at the same time, "I want to ride up 
front."
        "Now Ryoko you can't get everything you want all the time," Ayeka then 
said while 
glaring at Ryoko.
        "I could say the same to you, shouldn't the Princess of Juri learn to 
deal with that," 
Ryoko then said returning the glare.
        "Hey will you two stop this we have a long way to go," Tenchi said.
        However he didn't get the reaction he was hoping for when Ryoko turned 
to him and 
replied, "I'm glad to see you care about this Tenchi so Tell me who do 
you think should get 
front seat?"
        "How about we just flip a coin," Will said, "if it's heads Ryoko rides 
up front and 
if it's tails Ayeka gets the front seat."
Too bad Ryoko and Ayeka weren't even paying attention, while we had 
waited for Will to dig out 
a coin from his pocket they had already begun exchanging blows.         
        "Sometimes I wonder why we even bother trying to solve their little 
fights," I muttered.
        "Well at least there isn't anything out here to break," Tenchi said.
        "With the exception of my prowler," I said reminding him of the car.
        "Let's just settle this now," Will said, he then walked over to Ryoko 
and Ayeka and 
said, "Ok girls I'm flipping a coin on this one."
        With that he tossed the coin into the air and then caught it in his 
palm.  The coin 
had landed heads up.
        "And Ryoko gets to ride up front," Will announced.
        This managed to get the attention of the girls and out of a miracle 
things didn't get 
worse.  Ryoko just shot a nasty smile at Ayeka and got in the front 
seat.  With that settled 
we drove back to West City.  We had to break a few times to eat and 
what not.
        When we finally arrived in West City it was in the afternoon.  So we 
went to Bulma's 
house to return the dragon radar and be on our way...too bad fate is 
never that kind.  
        When we came into the Capsule Corp, not just Bulma, but Gohan greeted 
us as well.  At 
the moment though I didn't think anything of it.
        "Hey Bulma we're done with the dragon radar," I said as I handed the 
radar to her.
        "Thanks, but were is Matt?" she asked.
        "Funny story," I said with much irritation in my voice, "he decided at 
the last minute, 
after we had gone through a great deal of trouble, and after we had 
summoned the blasted 
dragon, that he doesn't want to come back to life."
        "Oh man, so what did you do with the wishes?" Gohan asked.
        "Do?  We didn't DO anything with the wishes, we told Shenron he could 
leave at any 
moment."  Will now said.
        "So this whole trip was just a waste of our time," Ryoko added.
        "Well...maybe not Alex," Gohan replied.
        "What are you talking about Gohan?" I asked, and I had a feeling that 
I wasn't going 
to like the answer.
        "Let's see how can I explain this," Gohan muttered.  Then after a 
moment of thinking 
he said, "the thing is Bulma's costume works great but since I need to 
help this girl called 
Videl, she is Hurcules daughter, it causes me to be out of school for 
long periods of time.  
No one knows who I am as The Great Saiyaman but when I got back to 
school the teacher chewed 
me out for being gone so long."
        "And where exactly do I come into play in this?" I asked.
        "Well if you could use your powers to cover for me it would help out a 
lot," he replied.
        And then I lost it, "ARE YOU CRAZY!" I yelled at Gohan, "I don't have 
time to cover for 
you while you are playing super hero!"  
        After that I waited till I calmed down a little and then said, "And 
besides Gohan I 
don't even go to your school, you're basically a senior in high school 
while I'm a sophomore, 
and I don't know anything about the stuff your studying.
        "Ah what's the matter Alex?  Don't you what to learn about other 
cultures" Will said 
teasing me.
        "Will stay out of this," I told him.
        "Now look Gohan," I said returning my attention to the problem, 
"you'll do just fine 
without my help, and besides my friends and I have things we need to 
do."
        "Well if this keeps up I won't be able to keep helping Videl when she 
is in trouble."
        "Ok fine," I said, "We'll stick around here for a few weeks but that 
is it,"
        "Thanks, you have no idea how much this helps, oh but you might want a 
disguise, how 
about something like mine?" he said.
        <Not even if my life was hanging in the balance, > I thought to 
myself.  "Uh that's ok, 
but I think I'll just go as the 'gold fighter' since he's only be seen 
once," I then replied.  
        We finalized everything and then agreed that Tenchi and his "family", 
along with Will 
and myself would be staying at Capsule Corp. during our stay.  Trunks 
also decided to stay here 
for a while to train with his father and get to know him a little 
better.  I'd like to know 
what he was thinking when he came up with that one but it must be 
because of his past.  If only 
we had known where all this would lead to, otherwise we would have left 
and skipped out on the 
"fun" that would soon occur in this shadow.



Authors notes: Yeah I know this small chapter should have been in 
sooner but hey what can I say 
other than I don't write on these evry night.  But don't worry I fully 
intend to finish 
what I have started. Anyway for those that haven't figured it out this 
is going to go into the 
Buu saga, and until I see all of it then I won't be able to finish this 
story.  So please e-mail 
me your thoughts on this story and also I have a question to ask of 
everyone that knows about 
Vegeta going Majin Vegeta.  I'm not sure if I'm going to have Babadi 
make him Majin or not so 
please e-mail me at alex8525@yahoo.com and tell me what you would like 
to see happen with that 
situation, thanks.