















Crossing Dimensions
By: Alex Betts

Story 2 "The DBZ Realm"

Disclaimer: Except for the friends I shared my powers with and myself I don't own any of these 
characters.

Chapter 4 "Tournament Begins"

	"Alex this is cruel and unusual punishment, not training," Will said.
	"Yeah, yeah, yeah, cry me a river why don't you," I muttered.
	"This isn't fair, I didn't know the training was going to be like this," he continued 
to complain, "Alex you're going to kill me."
	"Ok that is it!" I yelled, "Now look, when Roshi trained Goku and Krillen, their early 
morning training was carrying six bottles of milk each to customers.  When they did so they 
took long routes, zigzagged through trees, crossed rivers by going through the water instead 
of using a bridge, and many other things.  On top of that they had to have the milk delivered 
before breakfast, SO I DON'T WANT TO HEAR ANYMORE WHINING FROM EATHER OF YOU OR THE TRAINING 
IS GOING TO GET HARDER!!!"
	My outburst of anger silenced him and left Tenchi and Ryoko starring at me.  As we 
finally reached the house we saw Videl land near by, and Gohan and Goten running towards the 
house.
	"Ok, we can put the buckets down now," I told Will and Ryoko.
	"Oh good you're both here," Videl said, "So are we ready to get started with my 
flying lessons?"
	"Yeah but my little brother is also going to be learning how to fly as well," Gohan 
replied.
	"There's also one more student in this class," I said.  "Ok Tenchi you can get off 
the Nimbus now."
	So Tenchi did as he was asked and hoped down and greeted the others.   
At about that same time Chichi stepped outside.  "Gohan who are these other people?" she asked.
	"Well, this is Videl from my school, and you already know Alex and Will," he said, and 
pointed at each of us as he said our names, "and this is Tenchi and Ryoko.  They are traveling 
with Alex."
	"So why are they here?" she asked, "Look if either of you girls are here for a date you 
can forget it until I know you a little bit better."
	"What?!" Ryoko and Videl yelled in surprise.  
Videl then said, "Look lady I'm just here for flying lessons."
	"And so is Tenchi," I added, "Ryoko, and Will are just along for the ride so to speak.  
Now let's just get this over with."
So we followed Gohan to an open field that would be perfect for the lessons.  When we got 
there Gohan stood there thinking about how to explain flying.
	"Hmm we'll I've never taught someone to fly before, but it can't be that hard right?" he 
said. 
	"Hey Alex could you help me out?"
	"Sure, why not," I muttered.
	"Well basically you take your control of your energy and then you sort of put it under 
you and your energy holds you up.  That's how I learned to do it anyway." Gohan then said in a 
rush.
	"So this energy business, just what are you talking about?" Videl asked.
	"He means what is inside your body that you use to move your arms and stuff," I replied.  
	"Well it makes sense to me," Tenchi replied.  Too bad Videl just had a blank look on her 
face.
	"Here, visual aid time," Will said and he shot and energy beam into a rock which blew it 
up.
	"Yeah that's it," I said, "Thanks Will"
	"Anytime, just hurry up so we can get on with our training," he replied, "I don't like 
having to wear these clothes when I'm not even training."
	"Well then since your so eager, then how about we start now," I replied, "Gohan you get 
them to control their energy, and I'll teach them to fly.  I've got training to do."
Will's eyes shot wide open at what I just said and I could tell he felt like he just got used.
	"Ok we are going to run ten miles now and instead of water we're going to carry two 
buckets of lead instead," I instructed Will and Ryoko, "And they have to be held above your 
knees this time instead of just letting your arms hang dead."
	"What?!" they both yelled.
	"Alex you're asking of too much on the first day of training," Will said.
Ryoko tried a different approach however.  "Alex," she said as she teleported to me and 
started tracing a finger around in a circle on my chest.  And then she got this look on her 
face that she has whenever she is flirting with Tenchi, "wouldn't you rather forget about 
this training and relax instead?  You know you want to, so don't be difficult."
	"Well I would," I said, trying not to give in, "but if I don't train I'm not going to get 
far in the tournament.  Especially if I have to fight against Vegeta or someone just as 
strong.  And if I don't stand a chance right now then neither do you.  I promise I'll make 
it up to you when the this is all over."
	"Well you don't have to worry about that," she said then floating away from me, "I quit."  
With that said Ryoko then phased out and then reappeared wearing different clothes.  "Hey 
what's the deal, these clothes are still heavy," she complained.
	"I told you once we started there was know backing out," I replied, "So to make sure you 
stick with the training I used a spell to weight all your clothes.  And then if it should 
come to it I have a fail-safe spell that will just increase the pull of gravity on you.  
There is no way your getting out of this training Ryoko, we don't even have a month till 
the tournament begins."
	"Ok well you may have won this battle but you haven't won the war Alex," Ryoko said, 
"I'll just deal with a little extra weight on me," and then she started to fly off.
	"Ryoko you have to the count of three to get back here," I told her, but she just kept 
flying away, "One, two, three," I counted down, but she didn't turn around so I pulled out 
a little remote from my pocket and pressed the single red button on it.
Instantly Ryoko's body lit up in sparks and she screamed out in pain.  I held the button 
down for a few more seconds and then I let go.  Ryoko then fell to the ground with a little 
bit of smoke drifting off her body.
	"That's no way to treat a lady," Ryoko muttered.
	"Hey it was the only way I was going to get you back here," I replied.
	"Um Alex don't you think that was just a little extreme?" Will asked.
	"With you two extreme would be removing a body part," I told him, "now let's get on with 
the training."
	"I don't think so," Ryoko said with a snear on her face, "first how about an eye for an 
eye?" 
	"Will, I think we just better spar for this part because all Ryoko is going to want to do 
right now is kill me," I told him and then I started running.  
Ryoko then shot a small ball at me feet that blew up the ground and made me fall on my face.  
She then shot several more balls at me while I was down and each one felt like tar had been 
ripped off my skin.  I then jump to my feet and shot my own energy ball at her.  She 
teleported out of the way and appeared right behind me.  She then punched me in the back and 
kicked me into the nearest tree.
	"Ok now I feel better," she said, "I'm ready now."
	"Alex you know you're stronger than her," Will said helping me to my feet, "So why didn't 
you fight back?"
	"I didn't want to hurt her any more than I already had," I replied, "Now unless you are 
going to pull a Ryoko let's get back to training."
We then did as I said we would, we ran ten miles carrying two buckets of lead each and we 
kept them held above our knees.  After that we met back with Gohan, Goten, Videl, and Tenchi 
who were all ready for me to take over the lessons.
	"Ok now that you've learned to control your energy use it to fly," I said, "Just put it 
underneath you and push it up."
Goten was the first to have his feet leave the ground.  Then slowly energy began to circle 
around Tenchi and Videl.  Videl was the next to float up followed by Tenchi.
	"Good now you all just need some time to practice and you'll all be soaring through the 
clouds in no time," Gohan said.
	"I'll be back tomorrow," Videl then said, "I want to learn more about this, or is my 
presence a burden on you?"
	"No it's ok," Gohan said in defeat, "Oh but Videl I was thinking your hair, well it might 
be better short."
	Videl then looked at her pigtails and then asked, "So you like short hair on girls 
Gohan?"
	"Oh well I've never really thought about it," Gohan replied, "I just meant that it won't 
get in your way when your fighting, and your opponents won't be able to grab it, and also..." 
	"Why don't you just stay out of my hair and leave me alone you big jerk!" she yelled 
back, and then took off.
	"What was she so upset about?" Goten asked.
	"Your bother stuck his foot in his mouth again that's what," I replied.  "Gohan, Tenchi 
is going to continue these lessons with you as well."
	"Hey don't I get a say in this?" Tenchi asked.
	"Don't worry," I said, "It'll only be for about a week."
So Gohan and Goten resumed their training and we took off to continue our own while Tenchi 
took the Nimbus home.  The next phase of training consisted of sparing with each other for 
an hour, followed by an exercise in dogging rocks thrown by first one then two people, and 
finally we did a series of push-ups and sit-ups for as long as we could.  Afterwards we 
finally headed home.
When we reached the Capsule Corp. Washu was standing outside waiting for us.
	"Good, it's nice to see you're back," Washu said, "Bulma and I have something to show 
you."
So we followed Washu as she took us to a room next to the Gravity Room.
	"Bulma has told me about the Gravity machines and training equipment that they have made 
as well as telling me about the Hyperbolic Time Chamber.  So we decided we would create a room 
you three could use for training, and this is it." Washu explained and then she turned on 
the lights of the room. 
And we gasped at what we saw.  It was a room that had a deifying about of space inside and 
near the entrance to the left was a gravity control machine.
	"You see through the use of patching into Suto Space we created a room much larger for 
training that the previous limitations would have allowed.  Also as you can see you can 
change the gravity and there are also an assorted amount of training equipment to use," 
Washu explained, "The only thing is it doesn't stretch out time."
	"Hmm hey why don't we test it out?" Will asked.
	"No thanks I'll just watch," Ryoko said, "I don't feel like doing much of anything."
	"Well after supper we are all training in here so enjoy your rest while you can Ryoko," 
I replied, "But I'll test this out with you Will I replied."
Then I walked over to the Gravity machine and looked over the controls.  It was easy to 
figure out how to operate the machine so I punched in the gravity to go up to ten times 
first.  The machine began to hum and rapidly the gravity increased until it was ten times.  
I had no trouble standing up in it and neither did will despite the fact that we still had 
the extremely heavy clothes on.  Then I increased it to thirty and then fifty and finally I put 
it at 100%.  At 100% Will started showing signs of difficult in standing up, and I was 
beginning to have problems myself.  But with all that weight on and the gravity at 100% Will 
could still stand up.  His power had increased more than I had thought.  On top of that he had 
recently altered his DNA as well so he would also be part Saiyan.  With all this information 
provided I thought it was about time to raise the bar a notch.  I changed the gravity 
back down to fifty and then faced Will.
	"Hey Will let's just see what you can do," I said, and then turned into a Super Saiyan.
	"Alex what are you doing?" Will asked with a little concern in his voice.
I then cupped my hands together and said yelled, "KAMAHAMAHA!"
	"No Alex stop!" Will yelled back but it was too late the beam had already been shot, so 
he did the only thing he could, he stuck out his hands and blocked.
He fell onto one knee and I just continued to feel the beam at him.  I thought it was about 
time that he upgraded as well.  He was having trouble holding off my beam and I could see 
that he was putting everything he had into it.
	"Come on you weakling!" I yelled at him, "It's about time you quit being such a pitiful 
excuse of a warrior!"
	"Hey you know that's a lie Alex!"  Will shot back in rage, "I have done more than my 
share of helping you in the past!"
	"That's it Will use your rage, use your hate, it will aid you in ascending," I coached 
him, "Or are you going to continue to be a pitiful excuse of a warrior?"
Slowly Will's hate and anger were building up.  I knew this wouldn't be easy because it takes 
a lot to make him mad, but this was doing the trick.
	"Come on, you can ascend Will, you need to if you are going to get rid of this beam and 
be ok, just like Gohan had to," I told him, trying to encourage him.
	"Focus on what I said focus on what makes you mad think back to Matt's death."
And with that last comment his eyes shot open and it started to happen.  Sparks began to dance 
through his hair and his eyes started to change.  His face was full of anger and determination.  
All he was thinking about, the beam, his already high power, they were everything he needed.  
Finally He yelled out if fury and as he did so his hair turned into a yellowish Gold and his eyes 
turned into a pure aqua color, and the energy around him flared up around his whole body and 
turned into the same gold color as his hair.  He then deflected the beam with ease and held his 
Super Saiyan form a little longer.  
	"That's great Will I knew with a little bit of a push I could get you to ascend," I told 
him, "And you know I didn't mean any of the things I said about you being weak and stuff."
	"Alex this has to be the best thing you have ever done for me," Will said as he starred 
at the new glow that engulfed him.  
Finally he powered out of his current form and returned to normal.
	"Good now with a little bit of help I will help you master your changes so It becomes as 
natural as walking," I told him, as I returned to normal as well "Now let's go eat and then we 
will resume our training."
	"Oh but Alex one more thing," And then he decked me in the face, "That's for catching me 
off gaurd."

So the days of our hard training went on.  Ryoko's power increase dramatically as did Will's 
and my own.  On top of that we all learned some new attacks and tricks from each other.  
Along with our own improvement Tenchi also mastered flying and learned to control his energy 
a little bit better.  But the downside is he still couldn't control the light-hawk sword.  
Finally the day of the tournament came and we headed off in one of Bulma's planes.
	"This is ridicules I've ridden galactic slugs faster than this thing!" Vegeta complained.
	"Oh, just shut up," Ryoko told him.
	"Why should I listen to you woman," Vegeta shot back.
	"Because she can teleport you into outer space were you would die on the spot while she 
would live," I said.
	"Look let's not fight this is going to be a fun day so why ruin it," Mihoshi said.
	"That's one of the best things I've heard you say," Kiyone replied.
It was all of the Tenchi household, the Capsule Corp. house hold, Gohan, and his family, 
the Kame house group, Yamcha and puor, Will and myself all traveling in the plane.  Thank 
God Washu was there to expand the size or we wouldn't of fit on the plane.
	"So is Goku really going to be there?" Bulma asked Gohan.
	"Oh yeah he'll show up," Gohan said and then he put on the bandana and sunglasses of his 
outfit.  
	"Is he really going to fight in that?" Ryoko asked me.
	"Unfortunately yes," I replied.
	"Hey Alex shouldn't we be concerned with what this tournament leads to?" Will asked.
	"Don't worry about it," I replied, "The night of our first day of training I cast a spell 
to make sure those certain people don't find out about the tournament."
	"Hey what are you two whispering about?" Ryoko asked.
	"Nothing much, just some precautions that were placed to make sure this tournament runs 
smoothly," I told her.
	"Alex I'm afraid I'm not quite following you on this," Ayeka said.
	"Ok it's like this," Will said, "there were going to be these other fighters in the 
tournament but they would be there for a different reason.  Two of them were henchmen of this 
wizard that are stealing energy that will awaken this sleeping monster known as Majin Buu."
	"And what about the other two?" Kiyone asked.
	"They were there to let the other two steal the energy and then follow them to their base 
so they could stop Buu being awakened," I told her.
	"So what did you do?" Sasami asked this time.
	"I cast a spell to make sure those people know absolutely nothing about this tournament, 
so then they won't be able to collect any energy," I said.
	"Well why did you stop them, I would have just killed them," Vegeta said.
	"Because the two that want to find the other two's base would freeze your body in place,"
	"Ok now I'm confused," Future trunks said.
	"Maybe some names would help," Will said, "The two that are stealing energy are called 
Yamu and Spopovitch, and the other two are called Shen, and Kibito." 
	"The bottom line is that they don't know so we shouldn't have any problems," I said.
	"Oh guys I have a favor to ask of you," Gohan said.
	"Forget it Gohan, I've done more than enough favors for you already," I replied
	"Look all I want is for no one to go Super Saiyan ok?" Gohan said.
	"Why not?" Vegeta asked raising an eyebrow.
	"Because they would recognize us from the Cell games and then reporters would get our 
names and find out where we live and bug us until we scared them away or killed them," I said in
a dull voice.
	"Well I don't see what the problem is, like Alex said I'd just destroy them," Vegeta 
replied.
	"Hey will you behave yourself?" Bulma asked.
	"Gohan this isn't going to work, especially if Vegeta and Goku fight each other," I said 
trying to talk some sense into him, "Or if any one with Saiyan blood has to fight another with 
the same blood."
	"Well then don't do it unless it's necessary ok?" Gohan then asked.
	"Fine, it's a deal," I replied.
After a few more minutes we finally found the island and landed.  As we did we saw Hurcule 
was coming in for a landing as well.  Gohan soon found Piccolo and then Goku soon appeared.  
There were a variety of reactions to his arrival, and he was finally able to meet his second 
son for the first time.  It was one of those moments that really touch you. 
	"Well let's register," I said.
So we headed for the registration desk to sign up.  Things went ok until young Trunks 
stepped up to the desk.
	"Ah, another for the junior division," One of the men said.
	"Hey what's that mean?" Trunks demanded to know.
	"It's the division for everyone under 15 years old," the other man behind the desk said.
	"Oh that's great, their sticking us with all the little kids Goten," Trunks whined and 
then said back to the man, "Thanks for the offer, but we'll take the Adult Section."
	"I'm sorry but I can't do that, there's rules," he replied
	"But that's boring," Trunks moaned.
	"Hey Will it looks like we just barley make the cut," I told my friend.
Finally we were all registered and then we had to report to the waiting area.
	"I'll be watching you from the audience," Tenchi said, "And I wish you all the best of 
luck."  
	"You know Ayeka," Ryoko said, "It's not to late to register, we could settle our 
differences in the ring."
	"No thank you, I won't compete in such an event," Ayeka replied.
	"Now Goku, Gohan, and Goten I want you all to do your best," Chichi said.
	"Now make mommy proud ok Trunks," Bulma said to the smaller of the two, and then said to 
Vegeta and Future Trunks, "And I hope to see one of you win the tournament as well."
	"Ok well we'll talk to you after the tournament," Will said.
Afterwards we changed into our fighting uniforms and then headed into the waiting area.  When 
we got there, we met up with Videl as well and then shortly after, Hurcule came into the area 
as well.  After a few annoying moments of Hurcule posting for the cameras, that was ended only 
by Piccolo destroying them all, they finally brought out the punching machine that would 
determine who would fight.
	"Ok now Ryoko and Will please do me a favor, and don't hit the machine as hard as you 
can," I asked of the two.
With that said we drew numbers for the order we would be in, and slowly the eliminating began.  
Hurcule threw out the first punch, which was a 116; a good punch for a normal human and the 
others were doing good to make in near the 100's on the scoring.  Then Android 18 came up and 
made things interesting.  After a few arrogant comments from other fighters 18 hit the machine 
and scored a 774.  Needless to say the other fighters shut up.  Then she had to hit the 
machine again because they thought it was a malfunction.  This time she scored in the 200's.  
Then several of the other Z fighters were up next and they also scored either low 200's or 
high 100's.  Then Vegeta came up...  Too bad it's not like him to restrain a whole lot so he 
drew back his arm and hit the machine hard enough to send it flying in several directions.
	"Great, now it's going to take forever to get through this," Will muttered.
	"Patience is a virtue my friend," I replied, "Besides it looks like several of the 
fighters are dropping out after that stunt Vegeta just pulled."
	"You guys aren't surprised," Videl said turning around to talk to us, "Didn't you see 
what he did to that machine."
	"So what," I answered, "You already know me and Gohan could to that to, you've seen it 
when we've helped you out with the emergencies." 
Just then Goku and the others came walking by.
	"Hello," Goku said to Videl, "So you must be Videl, I've heard so much about you," 
	"Well Goku we'll meet you in stadium whenever we qualify," I said before they walked 
away.
	"Ah man I hope I'll be able to see my brother in the Junior Division," Gohan muttered.
	"Don't worry I saw the line up and your brother and Trunks are at opposite ends so 
they should make it to the final round and we should be done by then." I told Gohan.
	For the most part things went pretty slow after that.  They had to recalibrate the 
new machine and then we had to wait in line for the others.  Soon enough we hit the machine 
hard enough to guarantee a place in the tournament, and then headed over to the stadium to 
watch the Junior Division.
	When we entered the stadium Trunks and Goten were already fighting in mid-air.  They 
were rapidly exchanging punches and kicks, and neither one was slowing down.
	"Wow, great job you two keep it up!" Gohan yelled to the to boys.
Right after he said that they landed on the fighting ring just long enough to push off and 
charge at each other.  Then Trunks used the after image to trick Goten.  Goten fell for the 
fake image and attacked it.  The image then faded and Trunks appeared behind Goten and kicked 
him towards the wall.  
	"Goten stop!" Chichi yelled and almost like a cue Goten stopped instantly, and counter 
attacked with a blow to Trunks's head by using his own forehead.  They then resumed their 
fast exchanges of attacks for a brief period of time.
	"This is amazing, even the kids in this world have incredible power," Ryoko muttered.
Goten then swung at Trunks, but he invaded the attack by flying into the sky.  However in 
doing so Goten was able to fly up behind Trunks and put him into a strangle hold.  Trunks 
quickly broke the hold and retaliated with an elbow strike to Goten's right cheek and then he 
knocked Goten down to the floor.  Goten was quick to regain control during the fall and landed 
on the ring with one foot and pushed off to the other end.  Trunks followed suit, and Goten 
then pushed off from the other end.  For a brief moment they were charging at each other until 
they hit each other in the closest cheek at the same time.  They stood still long enough to 
absorb the pain and then they went back into their series of attacks, and dodges, until they 
worked their way back into the air and in front of the sun.   Finally they both drew back 
their arms and punched only to have their fists meet with each other.  The resulting flash 
from this blinded everyone for a second and then they landed and began to stare each other 
down in their fighter's stance.
	"Wow this is great," Krillin said, "Look at those two and how powerful they are."
	"I'm can't believe how strong my younger self is," Trunks said impressed.
Back in the fight Trunks drew back his hands and energy balls began to form in each.
	"Oh my God don't tell me he's going to do it," I said, "There's too many people for us 
to use energy attacks."
	"Ah don't worry he's in complete control," Goku said.
Trunks then shot the energy beam and Goten jumped above it.  Trunks then redirected it to go 
above everyone just seconds before it would of hit the crowd.  Goten then began to charge up 
a Kamehameha attack.
	"Hey Gohan did you teach Goten how to..." but before I could finish my sentence Goten 
fired the beam and as Trunks tilted his head to dodge the beam it just kept going strait and 
blew off part of the roof.
	"Never mind," I muttered.
	"My God Goten and Trunks are stronger than most of the Adult fighters here," Videl 
muttered.  Goten and Trunks exchanged a few words and then they got back into their fighter's 
stances.
	"Well Ladies and Gentlemen this is the most exciting Junior Division I've ever seen." the
anouncer said getting in his two cents.
Trunks then jumped slightly into the air and then began running strait at Goten.  Goten then 
began to charge at Trunks.  Then met each other in the middle and grabbed each other's arms.  
Trunks then slipped his foot under one of Goten's legs, and threw him into the air.  Then as 
Goten stopped himself Trunks appeared behind Goten and put him into a strangle hold.
	"Uh no this doesn't look good," Goku muttered.
	"Sure is does, if you're rutting for Trunks that is," Vegeta replied with a smirk.
	"Well then looks like I don't have anything to worry about," I added.
Trunks managed to keep Goten in the stranglehold for a few more seconds until Goten changed 
into a Super Saiyan and broke free.  He then landed on the ground and changed back.
	"Wow, Goten is already a Super Saiyan?"  Goku asked.
	"Kakarot, that's not fair!" Vegeta yelled.
	"Hey don't look at me, he did it," Goku replied.
We returned our attention to the fight and saw that Trunks had landed and was yelling at 
Goten.  Soon enough they were fighting again but Trunks wasn't using one of his arms.
	"What is that fool doing?!" I yelled, "He is going to lose if he keeps doing stupid 
stuff like that."
	"Don't worry Alex," Vegeta said, "Trunks has trained hard I know he will win."
	"Yeah well it's still stupid to take chances like that," I muttered.
Unfortunately I started to receive another trump contact so I edged my way toward one of the 
exits so I would be out of sight.
	"Make it quick I'm missing the finals in the Junior Division," I muttered.
	Then I saw Merlin sitting on the ground and in looked like he was in the room under 
Amber that held the Pattern.
	"Sorry Alex but I've made an important discovery about what happened the other day," he 
said.
	"Other day, It's been at least a month since it happened."
	"Don't forget about the difference in time between shadows." 
	"Ok, well what have you found out."
	"Well for starters not only are the shadows merging partway but they are also separating 
from each other as well."
	"And that is a problem, why?"
	"It's a problem because you better like where you are at in shadow because you're going 
to be stuck there for a while.  You see Alex when the shadows separate from each other it makes 
it impossible to Shadow Walk.  Normally the Shadows are at least slightly touching which is why 
we can even Shadow Walk, but when they separate we can't travel and when they merge, we travel 
unwillingly.  Also this separation makes Trump contact nearly impossible.  The Shadows are 
close enough that the Trumps work but not very easily.  Now I just got done talking with the 
Pattern and through a little bit of persuasion it confessed that both the Logrus and itself tried 
to get the Jewel of Judgement from Coral."
	"Are they crazy!  The Jewel is now one of Coral's eyes.  It already has a bad effect on 
her."
	"Exactly and when they came after her you can imagine the stress and emotional reaction 
she had."
	"So what you're going to tell me is that Coral's distress has had an effect on the Jewel 
and that is what has caused this?"
	"Yes, now we need to get to her and try to stop what has started."  And with that said 
Merlin said goodbye and passed his hand over the trump.
I then ran back to where I was in time to see Goten in a dive towards Trunks.  But rather than 
wait Trunks dashed up to Goten and kicked him from behind and towards the outside of the ring.  
Just as Goten stopped himself Trunks grabbed him and flew into the air and then back down and 
a high speed.  Then just as he was about to let go and drop Goten onto the ground Goten broke 
free of the hold again and kicked Trunks into the ring.  Unlike Goten Trunks can't stop on a 
dime so he crashed into the ring face first.  When he got back up he said something and then 
started fighting with both hands again.  Finally after a few more minutes of exchanging blows 
Goten appeared Behind Trunks, catching him off guard.  Trunks then changed into a Super Saiyan 
and grabbed Goten by the throat and threw him toward the grass.  This time Goten couldn't stop 
himself and he hit the ground.  Just like that the Junior Division was over and Trunks was the 
winner.
	"Well nice to see Trunks won." I said, as we started to walk away.
	"Hey don't you want to see the match between Trunks and my dad?" Videl asked.
	"Sure why not," I said, then I thought <After all I could use a good laugh.> 
	"And now ladies and gentlemen, young Trunks will now face off against the world champion 
Hercule!" The announcer said.
Very reluctantly Hercule stepped out into the ring and proceeded to try and reason with 
Trunks.  Finally he said one last thing and then they began the round.  Hercule then bent down 
and offered Trunks a free shot to his face.  Trunks then drew back his arm and punched him in 
the face.  The result was Hercule being sent flying into a wall and landing outside the ring.
When he finally got up he started yelling like usual, "Yup he beat he fair and square."
	<He is such a liar it's sickening,> I said trough thought speech towards Ryoko.
	<If I fight him I'm going to have a lot of fun,> she replied.
	"Well now let's go to the fighters area," Will said.
So we headed off and the first place we went to was, yeah the kitchen.  There we received 
the honor of watching Goku, Gohan, and Vegeta stuff themselves.
	"I don't know how I can stand watching this," I muttered.
	"Oh, so much food," Will moaned and then he pulled up a seat and started eating too. 
	"Aren't you going to eat too?" I asked Ryoko.
	"For some reason I'm not very hungry anymore," she said.

	"Oh that was great I'm so stuffed, hey if any of you fight me in the first round please 
don't punch me in the gut," Goku said as we finally left the kitchen 
	"Hey you didn't eat anything," Gohan said to Videl, "Are you on some kind of diet."
	"Believe it or not Gohan, most fighters don't like to stuff themselves before a fight," 
Krillen said.
	"Seems like the power of a Saiyan's hunger is stronger than common sense," I muttered.
	"Hey we should check the draw, to see who's fighting who," 18 said.
	"Well I know that if I have to fight Kakarot the first thing I'm going to do is punch 
him in the gut." Vegeta said.
	"Ah man, no mercy" Goku whined.
	"Just make sure he doesn't throw up on you," Will said.
With that last joke we reached the area where they were doing the drawing and soon afterwards 
the announcer walked in.  
	"Ok when I call your name you will draw a ball at random.  The ball you draw will 
determine your opponent in the match," the announcer/referee  said.
The first to draw was a guy called Killa.  He drew 14.  Then it went like so; Trunks drew 7,  
Krillin drew 1, Gohan (or in this case, The Great Saiyaman) drew 8, Android 18 drew 9. Will 
drew 3, Ryoko drew 6, Jewl drew 16, Goku drew 11, Videl drew 5, Pintar drew 2. Vegeta drew 12, 
Mighty Mask drew 13, Majunior (Piccolo, for whatever reason he chose to  pick a different name) 
drew 4, Hurcule received 10, and I drew 15.  Now the tournament was ready to begin.










