











CROSSING DIMENSIONS

Story 1: The Beginning

 BY: ALEX BETTS

(Based on the Tenchi sagas, Dragonball Z, the Amber books, and some other 
fanfics.)

Disclaimer: except for Alex that's me, Will, Matt (two of my friends),
and Slash I don't own any of the characters.  So don't sue.

Chapter 1-"The Arrival"
	It was a beautiful morning, the sky was blue there were few 
clouds and it just seem peaceful.  In Japan near a Shinto shrine
 over in a three-story house a 17-year-old boy awoke to this.  He 
looked threw the skylight at the sky for a few second with his 
gentle brown eye's.  Then he scratched his Clooney-cut black hair, 
fixed his short rat-tail into place, and thought 
	"Tenchi looks like it'll be a good day."  
Too bad his train of thought didn't last long.  In the middle of 
his thoughts he hears "RYOKO!" from a very angry princess of Juri.  
	"Well the sky looks nice at least," he thought.
Meanwhile down in the living room on the main floor Ayeka the first 
crown princess of the planet Juri was in a bad mood.  She had been up for
 a while because her purple hair had the front short bangs and her two 
long ponytails that go down to her knees were in place.  
	"Ryoko," she said again looking to the rafters where Ryoko laid.  
Ryoko had her hands resting behind her clan-blue hair.  She didn't even 
bother to open her eyes at Ayeka.
	"What do you want princess," was all she had to say.
	"You should know what demon, the picture of my half-brother Yosho 
is gone,"
	"Hey now just because you're mad about something doesn't mean you 
have to call me name's," Ryoko said a little offended.  
	She now opened her eyelids revealing her golden amber catlike eyes 
and teleported down to Ayeka.  "Now you seem to forget Washu created me 
from her egg cell and those mass creatures, and just because I can fly 
teleport, phase through things, shoot energy beams, and do plenty of 
other things doesn't make me a demon ether. Now what is your problem 
again?"
	"The picture of my brother is gone, so what did you do with it?"
	"Well let me think, oh yeah I thought the place would look better
 without it so I got rid of it."
	"YOU DID WHAT!"
	Meanwhile Sasami was busy making breakfast and lisining to the 
fight going on in the living room. She had her two long pigtails of her
 blue hair going down to just before her ankles.  Her light pink eyes 
showed she had grown tiered of the constant fights between her sister,
Ayeka and Ryoko.  Ryo-ohki was sitting on the counter her amber eyes 
shone with hope of getting a couple of carrots with her rabbit features 
showing more than her cat features.
	Upstairs Mihoshi and Kiyone were waiting for the two down stairs 
to finish their fight.  Mihoshi was tying her short ponytail into place
 with her familial red scarf; the rest of her blond hair was in place.
 Kiyone had just finished putting her aqua-green hair into place. She 
had one side short and going down just above her ear where her earring 
to summon their ship rested.  On the other side the hair came down to 
her waist covering her ear.  She slipped on her orange headband and 
looked over to Mihoshi.
	"Well Mihoshi what do you think we should do?"  Kiyone asked.  
It appeared to be too earlyfor her to be mad at her galaxy police 
partner.
	"Good question I don't know, we could wait it out but sometimes
 their fights can last a while But if we try to slip by we could get 
nailed by a stray energy ball or something."
	Even in Washu's lab it was obvious they were fighting.  The 
noise even woke her up.  She sat up and looked towards the door.  
She by far had the weirdest hair of the group.  First she had two
 very small bangs at the center top of her hairline that came out 
from each other.  Second she had four side bangs the stuck out and 
could remind you of crab's legs.  The rest of her pink hair was tied
 back and went down to her thighs.  On top of that she was less than
 5 feet tall. Her green eyes showed irritation since she didn't get 
to bed until late the previous night because she wanted to get a 
lot of her experiment done.
	"Now look Ryoko I don't go into your room and take your stuff
 so why should you take my stuff?" Ayeka asked.
	"Because I have better taste than you, your half brother is  
also Tenchi's grandfather, and the last thing I want to see is the
 man that locked me in a cold dark cave for 700 long years!" replied
 Ryoko.
	"You attacked our planet so you deserved your punishment."
	 "Did you forget that at that time I was under control by an 
evil power-hungry psycho?"
	It was at that time that Tenchi decided to try to sneak past but 
 Ryoko saw him and teleported over to him.
	"TENCHI!" she screamed with a little sarcastic excitement and
 hugged him tight.
	"Uh Ryoko...your cutting...off my air" Tenchi managed to say.
	"Let go of Tenchi," Ayeka demanded.
	"Oh," Ryoko said relaxing her grip around Tenchi, "You going
 to fight me."
	"Come on girls," Tenchi pleading with sparks that were dancing 
on Ryoko's hand dangerously close to his face, "It's to early for 
this."  Just then he remembered how many times he has asked that and 
how it never worked.  "I'm doomed," he thought.  But this time it worked.
	"Your right Tenchi," Ryoko said in agreement "I'm to hungry to fight, 
here Ayeka." She then tossed Ayeka the picture of Yosho and went into the
 kitchen.  
	In a few minutes everyone was in the kitchen eating breakfast including 
Washu, Tenchi's father and grandfather.  
	"Wow Washu you're actually out of your lab?" Ryoko asked teasing her
 creator/mom.
	"Ryoko I told you I want you to call me mom." Washu said in response.
	"Well MOM you could have done a better job raising me and kept me from 
becoming Kagato's slave." 
	"He imprisoned me and I laid unconscious for a few thousand years so
 there wasn't anything I could do."
	After that there was a little period of silence until Washu started 
talking about her new dimensional portal.
	"So Washu how does it-" Ayeka started to say until Washu had two 
pistols pressed against her forehead
	"I'm sorry I think I misheard you what did you say?" Washu asked.
	"So little Washu..." Ayeka said waiting for her approval.  Washu nodded 
and put the guns away.  "So little Washu how does this machine work?"
	"Well you first have to understand how dimensions work.  Each dimension 
is separated from each other and never overlap.  It's like taking the worlds 
and putting them in boxes.  So what my machine should do is open temporally 
holes to the different worlds.  It's not hard to do for the greatest 
scientific genius in the universe."
	Ryoko leaned over to Tenchi and whispered, "There goes her ego again 
and I can't believe she is proud of being short."  Tenchi just shrugged in response. 
After they were done eating they went on with their tasks.  
	It was about then that I decided I'd introduce myself but then I saw an 
enemy coming on my radar so I brushed the tips of my black hair out of my green
eyes, and checked who it was.  "Oh crap," was all I had time to think so I picked
 up speed and took off in my sleek black jet.  As I passed over I caught everyone
looking up at my pursuer, which was in a red jet and me. Then the jet opened fired 
on me so I went into a nosedive.  I kept going down farther and farther until I 
was just above the tree tips.  Then I pulled up and flew behind my enemy and 
unleashed a vicious assault of stinger missiles.  He tried franticaly to out fly 
them but it didn't work so he charged at me trying to get the missiles to hit me 
instead.  So I was flying away, with him after me, and the stingers after him.  It 
would have been quite comical except the receiver of the stingers gets the honor of 
being blown sky high.  I finally hit a nitro to get away then I turned to face the
 red jet and blasted an energy beam from my cannon he dodged this but the beam 
impacted with the stingers and caused a huge explosion he got caught in.  Too bad 
he escaped with minimal damaged and twice as determined to kill me.  So we charged 
at each other our sights locked on and I released an attack from the mini-gun 
attached and vice-versa.  We flew by each other deadly close and came about for
 another round.  Only this time as we passed he sprang spikes of various sizes 
out and into contact with my jet.  The sound produced was so horrible I had to 
cover my ears.  The wind soon ripped the spikes from my jet and I had the computer 
check the damage.  It was bad I was losing fuel fast and the right wing was beat
 up.  As I looked up from the control panel I saw that the red jet has gotten 
bored with the game and wished to end it because he has unleashed twice as many 
stingers as I did.  
	"Well it's not like I could have saved it anyway now," I said.  And with 
that I blew the canopy and ejected out.  I then decide to fly over to the trees
 and I began to collect energy in my palms.  Then I said the necessary words 
for the attack.
	"KaaaaaaaaMeeeeeeeeHaaaaaaaaaMeeeeeeeeee..." I paused charging a little 
more into my blast, "HAAAAAAAAAA" I finished and launched the biggest kamehameha 
beam ever seen.  It ripped though the sky towards the remaining jet.  In an
 attempt to stop the beam I shot towards it, the jet shot its own beam from
 the cannon it had.  The tips of the beams collided and began fighting for control.
	"You having problems with that then how about a little more juice to 
it HAAAAAA," I yelled with fury and a bulge formed out of the two beams and
 engulfed the other and pushed into the jet.  By now the jet was battered worse 
than mine had been, I could see fuel leaking, and the pilot hatted me with all
 the anger he had.  With the last move he made he punched his nitros and came 
up behind me and shot a blast that knocked me downward.
	"You cheap shot when I get my hands on you I'm going to..." it was at
 that time I saw the tree fast approaching and finished my sentence with an 
"ahhhhhh" and then WAM I hit the tree, broke the trunk, and plowed into the 
ground.  Then it all went dark.




Chapter 2 "Explanations and Tests"

"Oh man," I muttered as I came to.  When I opened my eyes I saw Ryoko had 'watch 
for the kid that shoots beams to wake up' duty.  She looked up and saw I 
was waking up. 
	"Hey kid are you ok?" she asked.
	"Yeah I think so," I replied
	"Stay right there I'm going to get the others," she said and then she took 
off.  In a few seconds she was back with the others.  Washu was carrying a box 
with her and Sasami had some food.  I sat up as they came in and immediately 
they all had questions.  Washu opened the box and began attaching wires to me and 
materialized her computer.
	"Hey what are you doing with that stuff," I asked a little concerned for
 my health.
	"Don't worry I'm just going to check your status," she answered, although 
I was still worried.  
	"Oh my god," she said shocked, "this kid isn't even hurt, no damage of any 
kind.  Even the impact of the tree didn't do any thing."  
	At that point the questions got really bad so I explained everything to them.
	"I can explain everything," I started.  "I don't even come from this dimension.  
It all started one night in my own world; I was walking home from one of my friends'
 houses when it began to rain.  Shortly after lighting began to flash.  So I tried
 to run home but the lighting kept striking closer and closer until it hit me. 
 I let out a blood-curtailing scream and fell to the ground out cold.  When I woke up
 I was in a hospital with my family beside me and Will one of my friends was there to.
  He said he heard the scream and came outside and found me his family called mine 
and they rushed me there.  The doctor said that he couldn't find anything wrong
 so we went home.  It was the next day I discovered what I had been given.  
Apparently in P. E. the boys decided it was freshmen initiation.  Rusty, one of 
the kids in my class grabbed me and set me on top of the lockers.  I kind of laughed 
about it and told him to let go, but then I saw the duck tape.  They used an entire 
roll of duck tape on me to tape me to the lockers.  All they didn't cover was my face.
I yelled at them to get me down but they just kept walking away.  I was mad and was 
trying to get loose.  This is where I discovered my powers because the lockers started 
shaking and the tape began to rip and burn they looked back and stared in disbelief.
And with a final burst of energy I ripped free from the lockers and a clear aura of 
flames surrounded me incinerating the tape but not harming me.  I charged at Rusty 
and nailed him in the gut. I then kicked him in the back and hurled him into a set of 
lockers.  They all backed away and stared at me as I walked passed.  I told them 'the 
next one that tries to initiate me will joined Rusty on the floor'.  I then turned 
off the energy and walked out the room.
	When lunch came around what I had did fully sunk in so I began to test my powers.  
Again several things I tried to do I did and that is how it started." I finished.
"Well what's your name," Tenchi asked.
"My name is Alex Betts and I'm sixteen and I already know all of you. In my world 
you are all a TV show," I explained "And the guy that was shooting at me is an escaped 
con from the galaxy police.  I was the one who brought him in the first time so he 
pretty much wants to kill me."
	"Sounds like you have plenty of friends," Ryoko said sarcastically.
	"Actually I do, I shared my powers with some of them, it makes defending the
 world a lot easier."
	"So what are all of your powers?" Ayeka asked.
	"I can do all of the things Ryoko can do along with psychic control, the 
ability to materialize anything, travel shadows, control the elements, cast spells,
 control energy, and I know some logrus magic and I have had them for a year now."
	"What are shadows?" this time it was Sasami's turn to ask a question.
	"Shadows are other worlds or dimensions they are called shadows because they 
branch off the first world Amber.  Then there's Amber's opposite The Courts of Chaos.  
The number of shadows are endless, if you can imagine it then it exists somewhere.  
And also logrus is a tool you can use to walk in shadow but it also has magic you can 
use as well."  
	It took awhile but we got each other's questions answered.  Shortly after Washu
 asked if Tenchi, Ryoko, and I could come down to her lab.  Ryoko and I didn't care 
but Tenchi about had a heart attack.  I can't blame him since he's Washu's guinea pig.
	"So Washu what do you want from us?" I asked.  
To which she replied,  "I am curious Alex I want to see how well you three can do it
a battle against my training room.  It will simulate a location and you have to fight 
the opponents it makes.  The system is hard to explain but what it does is it creates 
enemy's that can fight you and inflict pain.  Also you can get beaten to the point 
of death but when you walk out you'll be fine." 
	"Alright," I said, "It sounds like fun lets get it started." 
	And with that we stepped in to fight.  The battleground selected was a forest.  
The first enemies created were simple robots.  Their shape was human, but they were 
far more powerful than one.  There were three of them, one for each of us.
	"Hey," I said, "Ryoko you take the one on the left Tenchi you get the one on 
the right, the center one is mine."
	"Now wait a minute," Ryoko said, "who made you boss."
	"Do you have any better ideas?" I asked her.
	"Point taken," she said.
	And so we charged at our opponents.  Ryoko charged up her energy sword and 
started slashing at her target but it kept evading the attacks.  Tenchi had also 
activated his sword and was having the same problem with his target.  I decided on
a different approach.  I stuck out my hand pointed at my target, focused my mind, 
and lifted my hand up.  As I did so the robot floated in the air.  Then I rapidly 
slammed my hand down and up again bringing the robot's metallic face into contact 
with the not so soft forest floor and back up again.  Ryoko had managed to land a 
few hits on her robot with her sword as had Tenchi.  They made their way over to 
me.  Ryoko and I charged up our energy blasts and fired them, letting them rip 
across the floor and into our opponents.  However despite the damage we inflicted 
so far it didn't slow them down.  I decided to fly up into the trees and Ryoko 
joined me carrying Tenchi since he couldn't fly.
	"So what do you propose we do now?" asked Ryoko while she looked back to see 
if our friends were following.  Unfortunately they were.  
	"Now we get some toys," I replied.  
With that I summoned the Logrus and it came to me.  Only the caller of the 
logrus, pattern (the logrus's opposite) or the broken pattern can see them unless 
someone else uses their logrus sight or whatever it is that they use.  I began to 
move my hands in a pattern similar to two of the sections of the ever-twisting logrus 
and these became my logrus tentacles that I extended into shadow.  This part Tenchi
 and Ryoko could see because a black hole appeared which I had my arm in looking for
 our weapons.  
	"You two will have to hold them off for a little while longer," I instructed them.
	"Right," Ryoko replied, "Just don't take too long." And they continued the hacking 
and slashing they started.  Meanwhile I continued to reach into shadow looking for our
 equipment.  Finally I found them and carefully pulled them through.  There were three
 total, again one for each of us.   I had brought three sets of trump trap gloves
 through.  
	"Ryoko, Tenchi put these on," I yelled and threw them the gloves. "They're trump
 traps just punch someone with them and they go to the pictured world on them."
We put the traps on and chased after our enemies.  Ryoko began a series of tetaports to
 confuse her opponent and came to a stop behind him.  He turned around but couldn't 
escape the fist that plowed into his gut.  With a fading effect and a rainbow left 
behind he disappeared.  Tenchi soon got his by running up in front then stopping 
suddenly and hitting his opponent.  I charged up a burning attack with a few weird 
arm jesters stopping them against my chest crossed and sticking them out with my 
index finders and thumbs touching finally firing a small projectile blast.  The 
robot dodged it with ease but that was only the diversionary tactic.  While he was
focused on the projectile of energy I dashed behind him and plowed him in the back 
disposing of him.
	"Not bad," Washu said through a speaker in the room, "but that was just level 
one, now for level two."
The setting changed to a desert and I began to hang spells.  Spells are like traps; 
they have to be set first.  The next opponents looked like aliens of some sort.  
While Ryoko and Tenchi took on their opponents I was running and attempting to 
finish my spell.  As I finished putting the rest of shadow elements into place the 
alien shot several spikes from its arm at me. I dogged a few of them but the rest 
nailed me head on.  I screamed out in pain along with a few choice words.  
	"So you got a few tricks," I remarked, "Well here's one of mine.  Death 
calls you."  
As I finished my spell the alien glowed bright and in a flash disappeared.  Then 
I went to help Ryoko finish off her challenge.  The alien had the spikes they 
can shoot poking out of one of its arms.  As it prepared to launch them at Ryoko 
the creature had an unfortunate encounter with my foot.  It skipped across the 
desert a few times then stopped and got back up.
	"Shall I?" I asked Ryoko.
	"Sure lets see what you can do," she replied.
	"Your too generous," I said and then cast my billiard spell, "X marks the spot." 
As I commanded the spell a billiard ball appeared, and sped at the creature's 
face.  It tried to run but the ball followed and hit it in the face causing the 
little alien fell on its back.  Before it could get up this time several more balls 
appeared above its head and free fell toward the body.  They all landed with the 
force equal to being hit with a baseball bat swung by Mark McGuier.  After the 
last ball landed the creature was buried it the biggest pile of pool balls I have 
ever seen, too bad we didn't have a pool table.
	"Nice, I like your style," was all Ryoko had to say as we headed to help Tenchi
The little alien chose that moment to dig out and madly screamed at me, "You'll 
die for that."
	"And the bull's eye marks the target," I said finishing the spell causing 
a ton of pool sticks to bury the fool and finishing him off.
We went to help Tenchi except he had it under control.  With a simple flip over 
the creature's head, followed by a spin from Tenchi and a quick slash his opponent 
was down.
	"Hey Washu they were easier than the first group," I stated.
	"Well I admit they were suppose to be first," Washu confessed, "But this group 
will make up for it and they're the last you have to fight."
So again with a bright flash the scenery changed this time to a dark room that looked 
like the dueling area on the Death Star in Star wars "Return of the Jedi".
	"Now what? Is the last group going to be three Darth Vader copies?" I asked 
sarcastically.
	"No but Darth Vader, Luke Skywalker and, the Emperor are going to watch the 
fight," the scientist replied.
I looked over and sure enough there they were waiting for a fight.  Then the last 
enemies came in.  They were serpent-like in appearance.  They had long skinny 
twisting bodies; sharp teeth that could crush a human skull, two long pointy strait 
horns, and their bodies were covered in purple scales.  They had no arms, feet or 
even wings but their solid green eyes with no white and green fins that sat on their 
backs gave it away; they were dragons.  I have no clue how they flew without wings 
but they managed just fine.  I decided to use the heart attack spell I had in 
reserve to end this quick.  The dragons fell to the ground in pain but then got 
right back up ready to fight.
	"Washu how many hearts do these things have?" I asked.
	"Hmm I think they each have three," she replied.
	"Great all I did was make them mad," I stated.
Ryoko leapt towards hers with her blade blazing.  She slashed at the dragon but 
it just kept slithering through the air dodging the attack.  She finally got 
fed up and teleported behind the beast and grabbed it by the horns.  However 
the trump traps didn't work.  In response the dragon wrapped its tail around 
her neck and squeezed hard enough to make her loose her grip.  She recovered 
and telepoted out of range thinking of what to do.
Tenchi was having the same problems.  He kept attacking but the dragon he 
faced evaded the attacks like the first one and Tenchi, like Ryoko, 
retreated out of distance to plan.
I tried a different approach however.  Rather than slash at the dragon I 
tried to strike it down with lighting.  But the dragon made a fool out of 
me too by zigzagging in and out of the lighting strikes.  Then I launched 
a fireball at it.  The dragon couldn't escape it this time but almost did 
miss it.  The result was the bottom of the beast was burned to a crisp and 
I could see extreme hate in its eyes.  After the first two failed attempts 
I tried to take control of the creature's body with my physic powers.  But 
when I tried to all I got was I very bad headache.  The dragons had physic 
defense as well.  Result I can't take control of their body or attack their 
mind and turn it into mush leaving them in a twitching mass on the floor 
thinking "I like Jello".
	"Great all we have been able to do is make them want to kill us even 
more," I said as I headed for Ryoko and Tenchi, "We need a way to slow them 
down."
	"You got any ideas we could use?" Ryoko asked.
	"Right now I'm just drawing a blank," I replied.
Now that the dragons saw we were out of ideas they retaliated with some powerful 
blast of fire that streamed from their mouths.  We jumped out of the way but had 
to shield our eyes from the blinding fire and then I got an idea.
	"Ryoko, Tenchi I'm going to blind the dragons with a flash of light equal 
to that of the sun at it's brightest," I told them, "But first I need to find a 
good light source.  Just before I use it I'll physically warn you to cover your 
eyes and look away got it?"
	"Yeah but will it work?" Tenchi asked.
	"Yes I'm sure of it," I said reassuringly.
With that said I tore off behind the dragons looking for anything bright to use 
for my "Solar Flare" move I picked up in the DBZ worlds.  I looked out the window 
and as luck would have it we were close to a star that would make the solar flare 
more effective than if we were using earth's sun.  I placed my body between the 
dragons, which were wondering what I was doing, and the sun out the window.
	<Now!!!> I screamed in thought speech directed to Ryoko and Tenchi only.
As they covered their eyes and turned away I placed my hands next to my eyes, 
spread my fingers as far apart as I could, focused on intensifying the sun's 
brightness, and screamed "Solar Flare!!!"  As I did so the sun got far more 
times brighter blinding the dragons causing them to close their eyes in pain.  
The dragons were down for a while and I jumped on the opportunity just as I saw 
Ryoko and Tenchi doing.  Ryoko took her energy sword and plunged it into her 
opponent's body, which force an ear perching scream, but she continued and sliced 
up through the skull.  Tenchi slashed his target at the neck.  It forced a cry of 
pain then fell silent.  I charged up an energy blast for a finishing move.  After 
I had enough I extended my hand out with the palm cocked up and my thump facing 
inside.  
	"Your time has come to an end," I said and blasted it with a Big Bang Attack 
that didn't even give it the chance to scream.  
	"You know Alex I'm starting to like you." Ryoko said much to my surprise, "You 
have a style in fighting I like and you like to have fun at the same time as well."
	"Thanks, I try," I said joking, "Ok Washu we're done with the training," 
I waited but she didn't reply so we exited the training area and went to look for her.  
It didn't take long; after we passed by three or four inventions we heard a maniacal 
laugh that had to be hers.  We followed the laugh and found Washu next to a machine 
that looked like a doorway with a keyboard in front of it and a compartment that the 
keyboard rested on.  Inside the compartment Washu was fast at work and after a few 
minutes popped out gloating over something.
	"Ok what did you just do?" I asked her.  
	"I finally figured out what I needed to do to get the Dimension Portal to work," 
she answered, "Now all I should have to do is type in the request and push this button 
and we should get something, Want to try it?"
	"Sure why not," we agreed.


Chapter 3 "More Guests" 



With that said she typed in something and pressed a red button above the keyboard.  
The doorway sparked and began to glow bright white. After a few seconds we heard a 
loud thud and the portal dimmed.
	"Ow I landed on my head," the person moaned.  A second later another figure 
that was bigger landed on the first.
	"OUCH!!! Now I think I'm gonna die." The first figure complained.
The portal turned off and we could clearly see who had appeared.  They both were 
human and even more surprisingly two of my friends that I had shared my powers with.  
The first one was skinny and a head taller than I was.  He had pure black hair that 
was parted down the center and stopped just past his eyes.  It was died to get it so 
dark and his name was Matt.  The other one was about as tall as Matt but was more 
rounded and weighed more but it was muscle still not fat.  He had the same style hair 
as Tenchi minus the rat-tail and was also black.  His name was Will.  
	"Hey guys nice of you to drop in," I said trying to get a cheap laugh.
	"Alex how get we get here?" Will asked.
	"Washu just finished a portal and you two were the ones it brought." I answered.
	"Which world is this Alex?" Matt asked.  
So I sat them down and explained everything and got everyone introduced.
	"Sweet!!!" exclaimed Matt with glee.  "This is great, 6 girls in the same 
house, yes!"
	"Matt one of them is only 7 or 8," I added, "And they're all mainly attracted 
to Tenchi, so don't get too excited."
	"So I'll get them to like me," he responded.
Deciding I'd be better off talking to a brick wall I just started talking to the others 
to see what they thought of their newest guests.  We talked for a while (Mostly about 
how Matt was flipping out over everything) and then ate dinner.  Sasami looks like a 
good cook on the show, but you just don't know how good she can cook unless you try it.  
After that we got to enjoy the fun of karaoke.  At first we were only going to watch but 
it turns out they have made karaoke their initiation.  So me and will did Linkin Park, 
Matt did Kid Rock and me and will individually sung to Limp Bizkit.  Overall we did 
pretty good and passed.  Although I doubt they would kick us out anyway.  Eventually 
it got late and everyone turned in and they had to figure out were we would sleep.
	"So who want's the couch?" Tenchi asked.
	"Well no matter how far off in shadow I am, which is often pretty far, I always 
sleep in my own bedroom in my own shadow.  I just can't sleep well in other shadows," 
I said.
	"Sounds good Alex I'm with you," Will said in agreement.
	"I'll take the couch," Matt offered.
	"No Matt the time difference between shadows will be in our favor," I explained.  
"We could get 8 hours of rest and come back while here everyone still needs two more 
hours."
	<And besides, > I added psychically, < your not going to get ahead of me on 
flirting. >
	"Ah man," Matt moaned "Fine we'll do it your way."
	With that we said good night and took off.  I began the process of shifting 
the shadows to get home.  A tree in full bloom... A log fallen over... Three pink 
bushes to the left.  I paused in the process as a heard a twig snap and turned to 
find out who was there.  I heard no other sound so I continued.  A small stream on 
the right... A den with rabbits at the base of a hill... the stream widens into a 
river... The clouds part to show a green moon... the moon turns white and becomes 
a new moon, I am now near home.  Once again I hear someone and turn again to find 
out who it is. 
	"Who is there?" I demaned and waited for a response.
	"Just me," a female voice says and steps out of the shadows.  It is Ryoko.  
She seems a little aggravated I discovered her following me.
	"Ryoko why are you here?" I asked
	Again she answers my question; " I wanted to see what shadow walking is like."
	"Oh," I said, "Well now you know.  It can be amazing but along with what I do 
change intently, I also get other stuff as well and sometimes it isn't pleasant.  I 
could have gotten an active volcano or vampires."
	"Hey I can take care of myself bring them on!"
	"I am well aware of that I'm just saying it's not always as pleasant as this.  
Well now I have to get you back.
	"I can't just walk back home?"
	"Nope, you can follow someone trough shadow but you can't go back on your own."
	So I took her back and we continued our conversation.
	"If the tiniest changes separate shadows how do you know you have the right one?" 
Ryoko asked.
	"It's fairly simple," I answered, " When you gain the ability to walk shadow it's 
like a sixth sense of knowing if you're were you want to be."
	"Is there anyway for me to learn how to walk shadow?"
	"First you'd have to walk the Pattern in Amber or the Logrus in the Courts which 
right now is impossible.  To walk the Pattern you must be of the blood of Oberon, and 
to walk the Logrus you need to know shape shifting.  There are the Broken Patterns that 
anyone can walk but using those is even more dangerous.  If you use them the broken parts 
of the Broken Pattern follow you in shadow.  They can be tiny like a crack or huge like a 
canyon and if you're careless you could shift into it.
	"So there's no way for me to walk in shadow."
	"No I'm working on a way to enable people to walk the Pattern or Logrus."
We continued the conversation till we got back to the house.  I then dropped her off and 
went back home making sure she didn't follow again.  When I got back home it was going 
on 10:30.  I said good night to my parents and explained my plans for what the next weeks 
would be.  Then I proceeded to make a trump of our house.  The distance would eventually 
become too great to travel with the current plans so the trump would be a shortcut back.  
I would have to do the same for Tenchi's house as well.  I worked on it making it as 
detailed as possible, right down to the number of branches on our small trees.
	The following morning I woke up and went the daily morning routine.  Only I didn't 
have to prepare to go to school.  When you have the powers to travel shadow gathering 
people and other things from other worlds is your assignment for your classes.  Only I 
had to keep them on topic for each class. Grammar books in other languages for English, 
The King of Amber, Random, and his troubles for Current Events, etc.  Just as I finished 
my breakfast I felt a tingling in my head.  It meant only one thing a Trump contact.
	"Who is it?" I asked.
	"It's Will," he answered and I saw a mental image of him in his room looking at me 
or rather my trump.
	"Ah the joys of trumps a.k.a. the psychic telephones, What's up?" I replied.
	"Are you ready to go yet?" 
	"Just let me take care of my teeth.  Oh did you make a trump of Tenchi's house?"
	"Yeah and I made one of mine so I don't have to keep walking back and forth as well."
	"Good," I replied after I had brushed my teeth, "Now pull me trough."
	"Ok grab my hand," he said extending his hand.
	I extended my own and walked through leaving a rainbow effect behind.  From there 
we trumped Matt and then trumped outside Tenchi's.  We had a while to wait so I flew up 
into a tree and sat on a branch facing the house and decided to make a trump of Tenchi's 
house.  First I made the border and then I proceeded to draw up the house, then the lake
 with Aeka's tree, the steps leading to the shrine, the trees surrounding the house and 
I was done for the most part.  I then felt a hand on my shoulder and voice say,  "Hey 
Alex."  This startled me and I fell from the limb and landed on the ground with a loud 
thud.  After the pain eased up I looked it the direction of the tree and saw Ryoko
teleport down beside me.
	"Tell me Ryoko how long did it take Tenchi to get use to you doing that?" I 
asked.
	"He is still adjusting." She replied.
	"Well could you please warn me before you do that when I'm in the trees?" I asked 
as I got up, "Hey I thought you all were still sleeping and why aren't you hanging around 
Tenchi?" 
	"I don't need as much sleep," she said.  "And besides Tenchi still being asleep, 
you like to have more fun.  So what were you doing in the tree."
	I showed her the trump I had just completed and told her, "I was making a trump 
of this place."
	"What is a trump?" she asked.
	"Trumps are like teleporters to other shadows," I explained,  "They can take you 
anywhere in shadow as long as you have a trump of it or you can talk to someone with 
them through a trump.  All you do is focus on the card until the characteristics become 
life like and the card grows ice cold.  Then you can talk to them, here is my pack of 
trumps."  
	I pulled out the trumps and let her sort though all of them including the one I 
just completed.    She came across several all from a variety of shadows.  I had the 
royal family of Amber, several members of Chaos, and shadows in between such as DBZ 
or video games.  She stopped on one that caught her interest.  His hair was short and 
brown and had brown eyes.  He had no beard or mustache.  He looked two be in his twenty's 
and wore that of a medieval citizen.  He had a gray cloak that he wore with a purple vest 
over a black shirt and purple pants with a nice pair of boots.  His name was Merlin.  He 
wasn't the famous King Arthur Merlin but rather the new King of the Courts of Chaos.
	"I think I'll call him," she said.
	"Hey now I didn't say you could contact anyone!" I protested but she was already 
focusing on the card.  "Ryoko I don't even know if Merlin is awake or in the mood to 
socialize.  He is the King of Chaos and has plenty of work to do."
	Slowly the card became three-dimensional.  I saw it was no use and just put my 
hand on her shoulder so I could share the contact.
	"Hello?" the card said and we saw Merlin siting on his thrown in chaos and wearing 
the Crown as well.
	"Merlin this was not my idea," I said trying to stay on his good side in case we 
were interrupting anything, "I didn't want her to contact you because I didn't know if 
you were stuck doing something or not."
	"It's ok," he said, "I'm bored out of my mind.  So this I take it is Ryoko."
	"Yeah that's her, nice to see you remember the description."
	"So how is my fellow logrus user and spell caster doing?"
	"Pretty good.  I finally got around to reaching one of the Tenchi shadows as you 
can see. What about you?"
	"Well it'd take to long to tell you so here," and he reached trough and gave us a 
ring and a letter with it. "I was going to find you and give this to you so you could 
stay up to date, but since you've contacted me I'll just give it to you now."
	So I took the ring and letter but asked him, "Hey isn't this ring a spikard?"
	"Yeah it is," he replied, "it was the one that was meant to trick me into taking 
the throne, but I've taken care of that spell so it's yours. But use it carefully those 
things can leave you feeling weak if you use them a long time and take it off."
	"Right," I said, "I'll be careful on how often I use it."
	"So Ryoko," he said changing his attention to her, "What do you think of what 
you've see so far?"
	"Well I have to admit I'm impressed by all of this which is hard to do," she said.
	"With Alex it only gets better and better.  He's taken me to several shadows that
are strait from TV shows and books.  Even though I've visited worlds from my favorite 
shows and books I'm impressed with the worlds Alex has shown me."
	"Well now two of his friends Matt and William are here as well."
	"Then that just makes things even more interesting."
	They talked for awhile about their adventures and what they've seen me do for a 
while but someone walked up to Merlin to talk to him about current stuff events and 
situations that needed to be resolved.  So we said goodbye and I passed my hand over 
the trump ending the contact.
	"Well, well Alex," Ryoko said, "It seems you've got some interesting stories to 
tell everyone."
	"All in good time Ryoko," I replied 
	"Oh yeah," she said remembering something, "A word of warning, Washu is going to 
want to experiment on you and your friends."
	"Why do I suddenly feel worried," I replied, "Tell me her tests won't be that bad."
	"You'd have to ask Tenchi about that, but from the way he avoids going near her lab 
I think that they're going to be pretty bad."
	It was at that moment, Sasami decided to come out and let us know it was breakfast 
time.  Matt, Will, and I didn't eat since we had before we came here so we just pulled up 
some chairs to join the conversation.  It was the usual atmosphere at the table.  After 
breakfast was done with Washu came up to the three new ones and asked us to come down to 
the lab.
	"All I want to do is run a few tests," she said.	
	"Well how long will they take?" I asked.
	"I'm not sure, but I don't think they will take any longer than three hours," she 
replied.
	"Guys remember this is Washu that is going to be running the tests so be prepared 
for just about anything that can happen," I warned my friends.
	Non the less, we agreed and followed her down to a room were she had us step in.  
The door shut and we saw her through a widow typing in some stuff.  Shortly after two of 
the walls produced spikes and restraints snapped around our wrists and ankles.  We tried 
to escape but they held firm and were made out of some metal we couldn't break.
	"Now conducting test one," I heard Washu say.
	"Oh it's going to be a lovely day," I muttered sarcastically.


Chapter 4 "Evil Arrives"

"Ok everyone," Washu said, "The test are done and there is just one more thing I need."
	We had just finished going through Washu's idea of tests and now we looked like we 
had been mauled by a pack of rabid wolves many times non stop.  We now stood struggling 
either too stay standing or, not to kill Washu.
	"Ah ha here it is," Washu said withdrawing her hand from one of her pockets.  In 
that hand she held a small device with a center claw and four spinning blades around it.
  "All I need is a sample of your blood, although normally that isn't what I want," she 
said, "Alex your first."
 Ironically the device looked more like it was made for drilling trough the rib cage 
and removing the heart, which would give you more than enough of a blood sample.
	"Washu if you touch me with that I swear I will break your arm," I told her.
	"Come on you went though with everything else," she wined.
	"Only because you had us chained around the wrist and ankles which prevented any escape.  
And while we are at it you had us stabbed, trampled, run over, blown up, and plenty of 
other inhuman things that I don't see how they had any scientific importance."
	"Well they showed your indurance levels and I asked you, I didn't make you do anything. 
The restraints were only to keep you from backing out of your deal."
	"Non the less I'm not going to let you get near me with that." 
I then proved my point by reaching into shadow and grabbing a sword. The more complex 
the object the more time it would take to get it and with me distracted in a search for 
a weapon and Washu getting closer to me I just didn't have time to grab a solar powered 
nuclear blaster.  I raised the sword up to Washu's neck and told her to let us go.  
Seeing as how she wasn't armed herself, or rather she wouldn't be allowed the chance to 
grab a weapon, and she already got most the data she wanted she decided to let us go.  
As we stepped outside Ayeka greeted us.  The others went on but I hadn't had much of a 
chance to talk to her so I took that opportunity.
	"So Ayeka any reason why you were outside of Washu's lab?" I asked.
	"Well the screams that occurred over the hours began to concern me," she said.
	"Washu can be rather... creative in the experiments she creates." I replied.
	"Are you ok?"
	"Aside from the fact that I have no feeling in my appendages and I just want 
to pass out I'm doing pretty good."
She laughed a little, "you have an interesting way of wording things Alex."
	"If you hang around Amber and the Courts of Chaos long enough you pick up on 
their way of speaking.  Although they speak a language that doesn't even exist on 
my world.  So first you have to learn the language."
	"Still it's no wonder that you and your friends are already fitting in."
	"You mean we are already becoming decent friends, but we haven't even been 
here that long."
	"But you showed that you know how to defend yourself in a battle, you had 
good plans in the simulation that even impressed Ryoko and Washu, you seem like 
nice people, and last night the three of you livened up karioke even more than 
usual."
	"If you say so, but it comes with a cost to have these powers like many 
enemies."
Just about then as if on cue I felt a very small and quick charge of some evil 
power, but it disappeared almost as quick as it came.
	"Is something wrong Alex?"  Ayeka asked.
	"No I just thought I felt something but not anymore," I said.  "So is there 
anything about us you want to know?"
	"Well what is your planet like?"
	"To start off it is pretty much like this one except for there being aliens 
living on Earth.  We live over in United States and import all kinds of cool stuff 
from Japan along with other countries as well.  Basically the two biggest things we 
import from you is anime, and video games.  There are the less than popular countries 
and people, but you got to take the good with the bad."    
About then I felt a tingling sensation in my mind.  
	"Alex what is it?" Ayeka asked.
	"A trump contact, touch my shoulder if you want to see who it is," I said then 
I focused my attention to the contact, "Go ahead."
	"Alex why did you take my sword?" asked an all too familiar voice then his 
picture came in.  He had purple hair that was parted and came down as far as Matt's 
and mine.  He had blue eyes and wore a jean jacket with a black shirt underneath.  His 
footwear was yellow boots and he had gray pants.  It was Trunks from the future in DBZ.  
He seemed annoyed and I noticed the sword holder he wears across his back was empty.   
He repeated the question,  "Why did you take my sword?"
	I noticed I still had a grip on it and then I did see it was indeed his so 
I just said, "Sorry Trunks I reached into shadow just looking for a basic weapon and 
I didn't notice that I grabbed yours."
	"So Alex," Ayeka interrupted, "Is this another one of your friends from shadow?"
	"Yes Ayeka, I would like you to meet Trunks.  Trunks this is Ayeka the first 
princess of Juri."
	"Hello," he said and bowed.
	"It is a pleasure to meet you Trunks," she replied.
	"Now then Alex," he said returning his attention to me, "can I have my sword 
back please?"
	"Sure here," I answered and extended the weapon trough.  He grabbed it and said 
his thanks and good-byes.  
Later I was sitting in the kitchen thinking about that small evil power I had felt.  
I wondered if it was the one that had shot me down the first day but I couldn't be sure.  
I pulled out the letter and ring and started reading the letter.

Dear Alex,

It seems like many months have passed since we last talked with each other.  The last 
time was shortly after I had become the new king of the Courts of Chaos.  Random isn't
very pleased about my being his opposite since he is the king of Amber.  However since 
we are friends this has helped strengthen the relations between the two kingdoms.  
My mother has finally realized that the copy of my father that took the place 
of my real father in that cell is just that a copy and is quite mad about it.  
With a little time she'll get over it.  The Pattern and Logrus are still severly mad 
at me however though.  After I threatened to erase the Pattern and I spoiled the plans 
that the Logrus had neither wanted anything to do with me except help make them stronger.  
Random used the Jewel of Judgment to fix the primal pattern that had been damaged by Luke 
on accident.  Since it was repaired the powers are about equal and only one is more 
powerful by so little you can't even tell.  My brother Jurt has given up trying to 
kill me at last and is now dating Julia.  Luke's mother Jarsa has also quit the 
ritual of trying to take my life and now rules over The Keep of the Four Worlds.  My 
father Corwin has returned to Amber and he now serves Random with a nice position.  
And after a couple of weeks of being mad at me fairkar, my enchanted strangling cord 
is now with me and no longer mad although she would squeeze on my wrist in the middle 
of the night just to wake me up for about a week.  Talk to you later.
Sincerely,

Merlin 

It was nice to see Merlin was still doing well.  I put the Spikard on and immediately 
I felt a surge of power flow through my body.  Sasami then walked into the room and 
started preparing to make dinner.
"Hi Alex, what are you doing?" she asked as she began pulling out some vegetables.
"Not much just wondering were that guy that attacked me yesterday," I answered
"Well why are you worried about him if he left yesterday?"
"I have I feeling he is planning an attack and I don't want to get any of you involved 
by accident."
	"Don't worry we have had our own share of problems and wouldn't you have felt his 
presence if he was near by."
	"I did feel a small charge of evil power when I was talking to your sister but it 
faded almost instantly."
	Just then I felt another charge of the evil energy, but it lasted longer this time 
and stronger.  Then it went away again.
	"Did you just feel that?" I asked Sasami.
	"Yeah a little but not much," she replied.
	"Oh well I'll just have to see what Mihoshi and Kiyone come up with.
	I then went to out side to do some exploring and I heard Tenchi training with his 
grandpa so I figured I'd go check it out of a little while.  As I was heading up the 
numerous steps to the shrine the fighting stopped, and I saw Tenchi walking down and I 
could tell he got he didn't have an easy time today.
	"Hey Tenchi," I said and I ran up to him to talk.
	"Oh hi Alex how are you doing," he asked as I came up to him.  We then started 
walking down to the house.
	"Well I am sure I keep feeling my attacker's energy but I don't know were he is yet."
	"Try not to worry about it until your sure he is near Alex," he said
	"Oh I am sure he is near I just don't know were yet or how close he is."
	"Well like I said don't let it bug you and don't go trying to find him either.  If 
he isn't causing any trouble forget it."
	We finally got to his room and continued the conversation.
	"I guess you're right now let's talk about other issues like the girls."
	"Uh well I don't know what you mean by that," he said trying to stall it was clear 
it wasn't something he wanted to discuss but there were some things I had to find out.
	"Tenchi I know you won't choose one of them because you don't want to hurt anyone 
but who would you choose."
	"That Alex is the other main reason why I don't choose one, I don't know which one 
I really want to choose.  They all have good and bad qualities but I never really think 
about which one I want it to be.  Now I have a question, when you chose a Tenchi world 
was it strait from a series?"
	"Yes and no," I answered, "I mainly chose the first series but I added Kiyoine to 
this one as well.  But the most important factor is that you all speak English."
	"Ok now here is another questions for you; who would you choose?"
	"On the account that Washu probably has some way of hearing all of the conversations 
in this house I plead the 5th."
	"Now that you mention it I think I have seen what kind of looked like a camera over 
there before." 
	He pointed to the outside of his room and at the ceiling.  With a little help of my 
powers I was able to see that there was a camera.  So I walked over to it, pulled it out 
of the ceiling, and shouted at it, "Mine your own business Washu and if you try 
experimenting on me again I will smash your lab to pieces!"
	As a response to my treat she sent a few million volts of electricity surging from 
the camera though my body.  I few back and heard her yell, "If you even lay a finger on 
my lab I will treat you like a dissection project.
	"Well I can't say I didn't ask for that one," I muttered.
	Just then I heard Mihoshi and Kiyone walk in.
	"Talk to you some more later Tenchi," I told him and left him fighting back the 
urge to laugh at my smarting off to Washu and the result that followed.
	"Hey Kiyone do you have any new information for me?" I asked as she sat down on 
the couch.
	"No not yet," she answered, "all we know is he is somewhere in Japan, but he could 
be in Tokyo for all we know."
	"I think he is closer than that, every now and thing I can feel this evil energy 
and I'm sure it's him."
	Mihoshi then yawned and rubbed her eyes and said, "All this finding a criminal 
talk is making me sleepy I'm going upstairs."
	Under my breath a muttered, "Anything and everything makes you sleepy."
	Kiyone sighed at this remark and said, "If only you new Alex."
	"It's worse than I thought?"
	"No not just that but it's just that she is a klutz and unorganized.  On top of 
that she can get to enthusiastic and trigger happy."
	"That sounds like the Mihoshi from the first series all right.  Well she can't 
be all that bad."
	"She does try to do the best she can but it isn't always enough."
	"I know that but at least she doesn't make you do all the work does she?"
	"No she helps out where she can, and she does do her work it is just that her 
service record stinks."
	Sasami then came in and told us dinner was ready.  I volunteered to go up and 
get the others.  I went upstairs and knocked on the doors that I knew held people and 
told them it was time to eat.  When I came to Mihoshi's her door was open and she was 
dead asleep on her bed.  I was amazed at the little time it took her to fall asleep.  
I came up to her and shook her shoulder.
	"Mihoshi it's time to eat," I said in a soft voice, but she didn't respond.
	"Mihoshi," I said at a normal tone, "dinner is ready."  Again I got no response.  
I started shaking her a little harder.  "Come on and get up already everyone else is 
waiting on you get up."
	"Just five more minutes mom," she muttered in her sleep.  I starred at her and 
couldn't believe she actually said one of the oldest sleeping jokes.  I then started 
yelling at her to get up but she wouldn't open her eyes for anything.  I was about to 
drag her down and just let he fall face first in her food asleep but then I got an idea 
that I didn't think would work but then again everything else I didn't think possible 
with this girl was coming true so I decided why not.
	"Oh Mihoshiiiiiii," I said in a soft voice,  "it's 5:00 and your favorite show 
is on."
	It only took two seconds and she bolted awake knocking me to the floor.
	"I don't want to miss this one it's a new episode!" she exclaimed.
	"Sorry Mihoshi," I said getting off the floor, "but it is really dinner time and 
I had to get you up somehow."
	We walked down stairs and I took a seat next to Ryoko and we began to eat.  Then 
the strongest rush of evil power I had felt all day struck and everyone felt it.  I 
could see looks of fear, hate, and concern on all their faces.   Washu brought up her 
computer and located the source.  It was near the Masaki home and identified it as my 
attacker.  His name Slash and he was heading our way.  Worse yet he would arrive 
in an hour. 


Chapter 5 "Battle Time"


	"Alex don't you think your getting a little carried away?" Matt asked as I 
pulled out another crate of holy-hand grenades.
	"No this guy is powerful so I want him to be worn down by the time he reaches 
us," I replied.
	"Oh come on Alex," Ryoko protested, "there is no way he is that powerful."
	"Ryoko," I said, "I only won the fight last time because the galaxy police showed 
up to help and he underestimated me severly.  This time he won't make the same mistake."
	After I had enough crates I put several layers of holy hand grenades and Priceless 
Ming Vases around the house.  Both had the power to blow a normal human from one end of 
the universe to the other.
	"That's all I have time to do I can already see him approaching," I said.  "All we 
can do now is wait."
	We waited inside the house watching him draw nearer.  He finally set foot onto the 
yard and instantly the sensors went of and the area around Slash exploded.  He was 
blasted up a few feet and slightly dazed.
	"NOW!!!" I yelled.
All the girls, Tenchi, and my group charged out to fight. I deactivated the bombs and 
flew up to greet Slash with my fist.  I punched him strait in his face and he fell down 
to the ground.  From there Will put his hand on Slash's chest and sent massive volts of 
electricity flowing trough him.  Slash finally snapped out of it and punched Will out of 
the way and with the moon full we got a good look at him.
He stood about as tall as Tenchi.  He had blood red eyes that expressed pure hate toward 
me.  He had orange hair that was spiked up.  He was rather pale and almost glowed in the 
moonlight.  Then there was the scare that he earned his name from.  It started at his left 
ear and ran across his nose, down over his lips and ended at the tip of his chin.
"Alex," he said in a cold voice, "you are the one that ended my killing spree and I had 
just made kill 105.  Now I want revenge and then I'll pick up were I felt off and take out 
this house just as I planned before I even saw you."
"Slash you won't when this fight, you'll lose just like last time," I replied.
He wiped the little bit of blood that had been drawn off and just grinned at me.  Without 
another word he charged and punched me in the gut.  I fell to the ground gasping for breath.  
He was even stronger than when I last fought him.  While I tried to refill my lungs Ayeka 
charged up a blast from her Juri powers and zapped Slash away from me.  I regained control 
and charge up a blast of my own and blasted Slash towards the side of a near by tree.  
But rather than impacting he twisted his body so his feet hit the tree and pushed off to
me and deflected the beam into the air.  
I used my freeze spell but it failed for some reason.
	"Don't even try to use your spells I know have magic protection so your cheap 
parlor tricks and mind powers won't work," Slash explained, "and to make sure Suname 
isn't brought in I'll seal this area off."
With a wave of his hand an energy field appeared, and incase the area within a dome.  
"Great now I just got element control and energy to use," I muttered to myself.
I then got back to fighting Slash and summoned up fire underneath Slash.  He saw it as 
it approached and jumped out of the way.  I then decided to put the spikard to the test 
and started to launch a blast from it into Slash.  I continued to push the blast at him.   
The spikard was quite handy since it drew from it's own power sources in shadow rather 
than mine.  He finally escaped the beam and laughed.  Becoming annoyed I charged at him 
for hand-to-hand combat.  He swung at my face, 
but I saw it coming and ducked under it and drove my foot into his chest with my full
 power.  Not even a single rib snapped.  He responded by grabbing my left hand and 
taking the spikard and then driving his elbow down onto my head and noting me into the 
ground. He then shot several blasts into the hole I now occupied.  
This time Ryoko came to the rescue and blasted Slash away.  She then charged up her 
sword and slashed into his shoulder.  He screamed out in pain and kneed her in the 
face.  Ryoko just tried to ignore the pain and stabbed him in the stomach, followed 
by the, arm, leg, and last she hacked off one of his hands.  He kicked her away and 
just laughed.  Then though some concentration he regenerated his hand and the holes 
from were he was stabbed closed up.
"Great he can regenerate," I heard Will mutter as I got out of the hole.
"Oh well we'll just have to improvise," I said.
I then shot a blast at Slash once again but when he tried to deflect it the blast 
rapped around him imprisoning him in a bubble of energy.
"Hey Kiyone here," I yelled as I flew up to the bubble and spiked it down.  She 
ran up and kicked it back at my direction.  I then charged a blast that knocked 
it to Ryoko.  She punched it over to Ayeka who hit it over to Mihoshi.  Only when 
she ran up to hit the ball she whipped out her blaster and began shooting at it.  
As a result it exploded leaving Slash on the ground and drained of some of his 
energy.
"Not bad, but I still have more than enough power to crush you all," he said.
"Bring it on!"  Matt yelled and charged at Slash with a baseball bat and WAM, 
Slash was knocked into orbit once more.
"You're up Washu," I told her.
"I never thought you'd ask," she replied and materialized her computer. 
She began typing on her computer and a black volleyball appeared.
"Ok let's use my Atom-Disrupter-Ball this time," she said.
I knew already what that thing could do.  When it finally lands after being 
spiked it is like a small A-bomb went off.  She spiked it up at Slash who 
simply caught it rater than spiking it back.  It took about three seconds 
before the ball exploded and then the sky looked like it lit on fire.  After 
the smoke cleared Slash stood there missing a few limbs and part of his chest 
as well.  He also looked extremely mad.
"I have to admit that last attack almost blew me to pieces but you'll have to 
do better than that," he said and regenerated himself again.
After he did that he zipped down and punched me hard, sending me flying into 
the lake.  From the bottom of it I saw a dark spot appear over the surface and 
I knew it was him.  I went to charge out but as I reached the surface I saw a 
bright light fly across the surface of the water.  He was planning to vaporize 
me when I got out.  I then launched a blast from the water and sent it up to were 
he waited.  The spot 
disappeared and was replaced with a red energy beam that ripped into the water.  
I dodged it and tried a new approach.  I began producing several small energy bombs 
in the water all over the lake then all at once I sent them up into the air and took 
off in the opposite direction finally getting out of the lake.  I enjoyed the first 
few minutes of breathing the air and then I started looking for Slash.  I found him 
over by the house and his was fighting Will.   My friend started launching blasts 
like mad and Slash kept evading them.  
Will then sent a blast but as Slash dodged it Will went up and plowed into the 
killer's gut.  
Slash punched Will away with enough force to put him out of the fight, and began 
gasping for breath.  He recovered and then went to fight Tenchi.  Tenchi brought 
out his sword and charged up the blade.  He then charged at slash and struck at 
his waist.  Slash dodged and brought his fist down aiming for Tenchi's face.  
Tenchi brought his sword up and sliced though Slash hand.  Slash screamed in 
pain and back off.  Tenchi was about to attack again when Slash unleashed a shock 
wave that sent Tenchi flying and into a tree.  
Tenchi hit the tree and fell to the ground.  He tried to get up but the impact had 
broke one of his legs.  The bad part was Slash still had too much power left.
"Hey your fight is with me!" I yelled.
"That may be, but I still am going to kill off everyone here anyway,"
"Well I have had enough of this," I said and began what I hoped would be the last attack.
I went into the Kao-Ken level 10 and charged up the Kamehameha.  As I did so Ryoko flew up 
and began to fight Slash to buy me some time.  Every inch of my body was under a great deal 
of stress from the Kao-Ken so I tried to hurry when I summoned up the energy I needed.  
"Kaaaaameeeeeeeeeeehaaaaaaaaaameeeeeeeeeeeeehaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" I yelled and fired my blast 
into Slash who was fighting Ryoko.  She saw it coming and got out of the way but Slash just 
froze at the size of it.  He was then blasted far into the air and lost a great deal of 
energy and body mass.  I turned off the Kao-Ken and fell onto the ground and the others 
joined me.
"Good job Alex," Matt said and began to applaud me.
"It isn't over yet, Matt," I told him, "I can still feel Slash's energy and he still has 
a lot left to fight with."
"But you just about sent him into orbit," Ryoko argued, "and there is no telling how much 
of his body was destroyed."
Then I felt Slash's energy teleport back down to Earth and he stood right in front of us.
"You won't kill me that easily, Alex," he said.
I was still feeling a little exhausted from the blast I used and the Keo-Ken.  He saw this
and launched his own blast at me and I could see do to the small size that it was 
a lethal one.  I tried to get out of the way but I couldn't move fast enough yet.  
As it closed in I saw Matt jump n front of it.
"Matt get out of the way I can block it!" I screamed.
"Alex f you can't run out of the way then you can't block," was what he said.
Then the blast impacted his body.  He screamed out in pain and fell face down.  I 
turned him over and saw it passed near his heart.
"Matt," I said with tears in my eyes "come on and hold on."
"It's too late for me Alex," he said in a weak voice,  "just kill him for me, otherwise 
he will just continue to harm the others." 
Then he stopped breathing and his arteries and veins no longer pumped blood around.  
We had lost him.  I felt tears filling up my eyes and they began to run down my face.  
Matt had been one of my best friends.  He always knew how to make me laugh and how to 
have fun.  Soon my sadness turned to hatred as I heard Slash laugh at my pain.
"Well, Well the great Alex is weeping," he said in a mocking tone, "now all that is 
left to do to make you even more miserable is to kill the rest of your friends."
He then shot a blast into the ground and it rolled out as a shock wave and electrocuted 
everyone as it passed including me.  The pain it caused was unbelievable and severly 
drained the others and me. They also fell to the ground from the immense pain that it 
inflected.  He then shot a bubble to imprison me in so I wouldn't interfere.  I tried 
to break it but it was no use, I was too weak and the bubble held solid.  I could feel 
my hatred rising slowly.
"I'm going that stupid bas-," I heard Ryoko say as she got to her feet.
"Save it for the fight Ryoko," Kiyone replied.
Slash then charged at Ryoko and slammed her back to the ground and sent a pulse wave 
through her body.  She screamed out it pain, and my hatred turned to rage.  I stood up 
with power I didn't think I had left.  Sparks began to fly around my body and Slash 
stopped and looked in horror has he looked at me.
"It's not possible," he said, "your energy was drained just a minute ago."
"You will pay for you sins," I said trough gritting teeth, "And you won't harm these 
girls anymore."
My energy continued to increase and I saw Ryoko and the others look up at me as well.  
I couldn't stop thinking about how Slash laughed at Matt's death and how he inflected 
the pain on the others.  And then I lost it.  I yelled up at the sky in fury and rage. 
I felt my hair raise on end and I knew what was happening.  I saw part of it change to 
a rich gold color and I felt it spike up as much as possible.  Even though I couldn't 
see my eyes I knew they had turned a pure green and the pupil had disappeared.  I had 
finally become a Super Sayin.
"No way," Will said in awe, "it can't be you're not a Sayin."
"I altered my DNA," I said and then turned my head to Slash, "and now I will kill you 
for what you did.  All these girls are wonderful people that you enjoy to inflict pain 
on.  You have no right to do that each of these girls has great qualities.  Ryoko loves 
to have fun and be carefree but also knows when to be serious.  Ayeka is someone you can 
go to for a little bit of peace.   Sasami is an excellent cook and someone you can always 
talk to.  Mihoshi may not be the greatest and doing stuff but she always tries her best 
and does her share of work.  
Kiyone is great at performing her job and has great patience.  Last Washu has a brilliant 
mind that shouldn't go to waist.  And I won't let you hurt any of them anymore!"
With that said I charged at Slash and plowed my fist into his stomach.  It all happened 
to fast for him to block.  Then I kicked him in the face causing him to spit some blood 
out.  I didn't stop there.  I smashed my fist into his face several times and then kicked 
him in the back sending him flying into and though a tree.  He finally got up to my 
fighting pace and we began throwing punches and kicks like mad.  After a few minutes 
he began to slow down a little and I began my true assault on him.  
I backed up and slammed my foot into his gut and sent him flying into the air.  I then 
charged up a blast and hurled it at him.  He turned to see it approach but when he 
tried to block it overpowered him and zapped more of his energy.  He then fell to the 
ground.
	"What are you?" he asked with both anger and fear it his voice.
	"I'm the one that gets rid of scum like you.  I am one of the most feared people by 
all villains." I said.  Then I charged up my power to add to his fear and yelled, 
"Defender to these girls, executioner to you!"
I then launched several more blasts that impacted with his body until he could barley stand.
"No stop," he yelled in fear, "I'll go back to the prison just leave me alone."
"No," I said, "for the crimes you have caused there is no escape for you."
Then to finish the battle I charged up and energy blast in my left hand, and ran at him.  
"This is for Matt and the girls!!!" I screamed.
He tried to fly away, but I caught up to him and plowed my left hand into his chest 
exploding the energy and destroying his body.  This time he wouldn't come back.


Chapter 6 "Aftermath"

After the battle I helped those that needed medical attention.  I reached through 
shadow and grabbed a bag full of Sensu Beans and gave everyone a bean.  I then went 
up to an empty room and sat down to think.  I didn't morn over Matt though.  I knew 
there was still a way to save him.  If I went to the DBZ shadow I could use the 
Dragon Balls to wish him back to life.  At that point I heard someone knock on the door.
	"Come in," I said.
	"Are you feeling ok?" Ryoko asked as she walked in.
	"Yeah but tell me, do you all hate me now?" I asked.
	"No why, is this about the fight with Slash?"
	"Well I could have gotten everyone killed because I was here."
	"No he said he was going to kill us anyway before he even met you."
	"Tenchi would have stopped him if I wasn't here, after he activated the Light Hawk 
Sword."
	"True but it doesn't come at will and someone could have already been dead."
	"Well non the less we still lost Matt."
	"Hey he gave up his life to save yours and he could have died worse ways, he 
could have died in soup."
	At that point I busted out laughing and said in-between laughs, "Yeah with a 
beetle in it."
	"So you see Alex," she said, "we don't hate you and most of us caused worse 
problems when we showed up so don't feel like you aren't welcome here.  Now what is 
the next move."
	"Get the others in the living room so I can tell everyone at once."
	A few moments later everyone was in the living room waiting to hear what 
I had to say.
	"Ok," I said, "In the fight with Slash we lost Matt so the next thing to do 
is get him back and I know how.  There is are several Shadows as I said and that 
includes many of Dragon Ball Z so I say we go to a certain one that is to my 
preferences and we get the Dragon Balls to wish Matt beck to life.  
After that we enjoy the shadow for a while and then we head to the Amber and the 
Courts of Chaos were anyone that wishes to gain the ability to walk shadow will 
get it.  Now this won't be a little trip and we will be gone for a while so right 
now I need to know who is in and who isn't."
	One by one they all volunteered to go.  Only Tenchi's grandfather and father
 didn't want to because they had bigger responsibilities.  Tenchi was on summer
 vacation so it wasn't going to be a problem with school.  Ryoko and Washu have 
all the free time on their hands so they agreed.  Ayeka and Sasami just had to 
inform their parents about it.  
Mihoshi and Kiyone had accumulated a great deal of vacation hours so they could 
use them.  Will was in as well.  So I headed home and explained what would be 
going on to my parents, so if I didn't come home for awhile it was because of 
the shadows I was in and the time difference. 
	The next morning I headed back to Tenchi's house with Will again.  This 
time it was a little bit past breakfast time and they were standing outside 
waiting for us.  As I approached and they saw me Ryoko tackled my with a hug 
and screamed, "Alex I'm so glad you're here."
	"Get off of him this instant Demon," Aeka sneered.
	"Tenchi," I whispered, "what gives I thought they liked you."
	"They do but since you already fit in so well and because of your actions 
last night you showed you care a great deal for the girls and you see all their 
good points," he explained.
	"So does that mean I'm second place prize now?" I asked.
	"You got to Tenchi first this morning so I should get Alex, you stuck up snob," 
Ryoko said grabbing one of my arms.
	"Nope your now first place just like me," Tenchi answered just before Aeka 
grabbed my other arm and they began to play tug-of-war over me.
	"Will I could use some help here," I pleaded.
	"No way man," he said between laughs,  "I need some comic relief."
	So now because I had save the girls last night I became equal to Tenchi in their 
eyes, plus you do tend to look pretty cool has a Super Sayin.  After they had finished 
their fight, which ended with me laying on the ground thankful my arms were still there, 
I pulled out my Trump for the DBZ world and we trumped there.




The End






Author's notes:  Well that was my fist fic. and I hope you liked it.  Send any comments, 
critisisms, and suggestions to alex8525@yahoo.com.  The next fic will take place in a DBZ 
world.  Oh and about killing Matt he asked me to so I wasn't doing it to pick on him and the 
dieing in soup with a bettle joke was how he wanted to die.












