Crossing Dimensions
By: Alex Betts

Book 2: The DBZ Realm
Disclaimer: Except for Will, Matt, and Myself I don't own any of these characters

Chapter 1 "Dragon balls and Wishes"

	After I pulled out my trump of the DBZ shadow it took only a few minutes to arrive 
in that world.  The weather conditions were good and we stood right outside the Capsule 
Corporation's main building.  Ryoko was clinging to my arm while Ayeka was hanging on to 
Tenchi's, and the others stood close behind.  
	"Well this is the DBZ shadow and, we'll be here for a while," I said.
	"Alex," Washu said, "Why can't you just call them dimensions instead?"
	"After being around Amber and the Courts of Chaos it kind of becomes a habit," I 
replied.  "Now then as I said in this world there are seven orange spheres with one to seven 
stars on them.  They are the Dragon balls and once we have all seven of them we can summon the 
Eternal Dragon and have him bring Matt back to life."
	"But how are we going to find them?"  Kiyone asked.
	Before I could answer Will said, "The building in front of us is where a scientist named 
Bulma lives and she has a radar that can detect the balls.  Since we know her and since we have 
a good reason she'll let us barrow it."
	"Okay that'll work," Kiyone replied.
	Without any further questions we went in and found Bulma in the living room.   She was 
sitting at a table working of something but I couldn't tell what yet.
	"Hey Bulma two of your favorite shadow travelers are back and we brought a few friends," 
Will said.
	Slightly startled she turned around to see us.  She held a watch in her hand.  "Hey 
nice to see you both again but next time warn me when you'll be coming over.  So who are your 
friends and why are you here?"
	So we sat down and explained what had happened.  By the end she looked astounded.
	"You actually went Super Sayain!  I can hardly believe it, and all you did was alter 
your DNA, nice job."
I then heard and explosion and a blight flash came from down the hall.
	"What was that?" I heard Ayeka say while Ryoko jumped to her feet ready to fight.
	"Hey Alex 50 bucks say that was from Vegeta training," Will said joking around.
	"You win that bet Will, that is about the only thing he ever does only now Trunks also 
trains with him.  But Trunks finished a while ago and is playing with Gohan now.
	"Why is Gohan here?" I asked.
	"Because he has started High School and if he wants to play superhero he needs a 
disguise," she replied,  "and this watch is going to be it.  When the red button is pressed it 
forms a costume around the user.  I just got it finished before you came in."
	"So my prediction was right this is seven years after Cell was killed, I was hoping the 
changes that I wanted made to this shadow would occur and they did.
	"Alex if you made a trump to here then how could you change the stuff?"  Ryoko asked.
	"Advanced shadow walking and shifting along with the types of trumps I make.  You make 
a trump on a place you want to visit like this world and then focus on the specific things you 
want.  It is like shadow walking in a way."  I explained.
	"Then why was Slash in our world?"  Ryoko demanded furiously.
	"Well I can control some things of the world I go to, but not every single thing."
	"So what changes have been made to this shadow?"  Will asked.
	"Other than it being seven years after Cell was killed that is more or less it"
	Then Gohan along with trunks walked in.
	"Oh hey guys, I see you brought a few friends with you this time," Gohan said.
	"Yeah well we need to get the Dragon balls to wish one of our friends back then we're 
taking them to Amber and the Courts of Chaos so they can travel shadow," Will replied.
	"Ok whatever you say.  Hey Bulma is the disguise ready yet?"
	"Yeah I just finished it," she said handing him the watch,  "all you have to do is press 
the red button to activate it.
	With that said Gohan put on the watch and activated it.  With a bright flash he was now 
wearing a black jump suit with a green tunic and black belt over that.  Then attached to the 
tunic was a red cap.  Over his head he wore an orange helmet with two small antennas on top and 
a black visor over his eyes and nose.
	"Alright thanks Bulma, I got to get back home," Gohan said and then he left.
	"Now then I'll get you the Dragon Radar," she said and left.  A few minutes later she 
came back with a small device the size of her hand.  On top was a button and on the front was a 
green grid.  It was without a doubt the radar.  She gave it to us and wished us good luck. 
	"Uh Bulma do you have anything that can travel the world in a matter of hours, so we can 
get the dragon balls faster?" I asked.
	"Sorry I can't help you there," she said.
 	"Oh well thanks for the radar," I replied. 
	As we started to leave Ryoko began to here a faint sound then it grew in volume so we 
could all here it.  It sounded like something landing outside so we ran out of the house to see 
whom it was.  As we looked up to the sky we saw an oval shaped machine with four engines on the 
bottom and a cockpit on top.  It was came down and landed near all of us and out stepped Future 
Trunks.
	"Let me guess Alex you arranged this as well," Ryoko said.
	"Maybe," I replied.
	"Hey Alex what are you doing here and why are they all with you?"  Trunks asked.
	So once again I explained the story.  After I got done telling him about everything he 
agreed to help us find the Dragon balls.  He opened a little box and put his time machine away.  
He then pulled out a different capsule and opened it.  Now on the ground was a hover truck.
	"This should help us get around the world it is the fastest truck the Capsule Corp. has 
made in my world," he said, "Now just wait here while I greet my parents again.  
	So we waited outside for about five minutes and then we began hearing explosions and 
shouts from the training room.  After about fifteen more minutes Trunks came out with Vegeta.  
Both were staggering and had several cuts and wounds.  
	"Nice to see you've improved son, but you are no match for me," Vegeta said with a 
clearly full ego.  
	"Sorry guys, but..." Trunks started to say.
	"Don't bother we can figure it out," Will said.
I then reached into shadow and grabbed a bag of Sensu Beans.
	"Here take it," I said handing Trunks a bean, "there's no telling what we'll run into 
so we should all be at full strength."
	After that last bit we started driving and I checked the radar.  There was only one 
ball that currently showed up and it was located at Goku's house.  I showed Will, who insisted 
on driving.  Trunks was right about truck being fast.  Within ten minutes we had reached Goku's 
house. Will and I got out and we told the others to wait.  We went up to the house and knocked 
on the door.  I heard footsteps approaching and Chi Chi opened the door and greeted us. 
	"Hello Alex and Will it is nice to see you both again," she said
	"Hey Chi Chi," Will said, "we need to barrow the Dragon ball you have in the house."
	"Why what do you need to wish for?" she asked.
	"Well one of our friends was killed so we need to bring him back," Will explained.
	"Ok just wait here while I get it, but after a year passes and the balls are back to 
normal I 
want to get this one back," she said.
Shortly after she came back with one of the seven orange orbs.  This one was the four star ball 
and she handed it over to us.  We then thanked her and went back to the car, were the others 
waited.  
	"Well that's one down," I said
	"So Alex were do we go next?" Ryoko asked while she pulled me next to her in the back.  
I saw 
that Tenchi and Ayeka were on the other side of her with Tenchi next to her as well.
Ignoring this fact I answered, "Well the next closest one is in the..."
	"Ryoko quit forcing Alex and Tenchi to sit next to you, Can't you see how uneasy your 
making 
them?" Ayeka complained and shoved Ryoko out of the way and took her place.  "There now don't 
you feel more relaxed Alex?"
	"I feel just the same and I was never uneasy but thanks for your concern," I replied.
Ryoko then came back and kicked Ayeka out of the way as well as out of the truck and said, "Well 
then I guess I'll take my place back then."
	"Now wait a minute Ryoko," Ayeka yelled and got back in the truck, "you have no right to 
treat me like that."
	"Oh yes your royal-highness," Ryoko said with extreme sarcasm in her voice, "Yeah I'll 
just step aside for the first crown suck-up snob of Juri."
	As they continued to argue I saw rest of the girls sighing and muttering, "Here they go 
again."  Tenchi on the other hand looked very nervous since he was sitting next to the two 
fighting girls.  Will looked like he was ready for another fight and Trunks started asking what 
should be done.  As for myself, I should have been nervous like Tenchi since I was sitting 
between the two, but I just wasn't.  If anything I was just ready for the two to calm down.  
Ayeka made one final remark about demanding respect before Ryoko raised her hand and gave Ayeka 
the respect she thought Ayeka deserved.  At this Ayeka lost it and electrocuted Ryoko as well 
as me in the process.  Ryoko then flew into the air and started shooting energy balls at Ayeka 
and hitting me as well.  The two continued to fight and I kept getting hit.  Unfortunately they 
didn't even notice.
	"Girls stop it," I said as calmly as possible as Ayeka brought up her shield to deflect 
Ryoko's attacks.
	"Ok cut it out you two," I said.  Still they continued to fight.
	"STOP IT ALREADY!" I yelled.  Even that got me nowhere so I decided to stop the fight 
another way.  As Ryoko shot her next blast I deflected it and then I rushed down and shot a 
blast to disrupt Ayeka's shield.  "Now that is enough you two we have more important things to 
do so end this stupid fight or I'll do that for the both of you," I said.  They sat down taking 
the hint and we continued on our way, but now they were refusing to talk to me.  I checked the 
radar and changed the distance to long range and a small dot appeared nine miles from us to 
the south.  When we arrived we were at a lake.  Will ran up to the lakes edge searching it while 
Trunks checked the surrounding ground.  As I changed the radar to small range it showed the 
ball was indeed in the lake.  But it was moving.  
	"Hey everyone the ball is in the lake but it is moving," I said.
	"That doesn't make any sense the Dragon balls can't move, ' Trunks replied.
	"Wait a sec. everyone," Will said, "how do we know that something didn't eat it?"
	"That would have to be a big fish and I don't think any thing that big would live in 
this lake," Washu said.
	"Dinosaurs still live in this world Washu so I wouldn't doubt it," Will replied.
	"Well then lets find out," she said and brought up her computer.  After a few seconds 
she forced the Dragon ball to rise and as Will had suggested it was inside a fish.  The only 
problem was this thing was as big as a whale.  We all stared at the sea creature in front of 
us trying to figure out who was going to get the ball.  Mihoshi suggested we just blow the fish 
up but that could also ruin the Dragon ball as well.
	Will was the first to speak up after that by saying, "I'm not going in that thing."
	"Well someone has to go in," Tenchi said, "but it's oblivious that none of us want to."
	"I got an idea," Kiyone said, "how about we draw straws."
	"Good idea," I replied as I reached through shadow and found a few.  "Ok there is a 
straw for each of us, one is black at the bottom.  Whoever gets that one goes and gets the 
dragon ball."
	We each drew a straw and after all of us had gotten one there were sighs of relief 
from all but one, myself.  I reached into shadow and grabbed a sword just in case.  With that 
I walked up to the fish and tried to figure out how to get in.  The thing didn't just open its 
mouth to gulp me down.
	"Alex remember that game Legend of Zelda: "Ocarana of Time?" Will asked.
	"Yeah but what's that got to do with anything?" I replied.
	"Think about it," Will said, "In that game the third level took place in a fish just 
like this so maybe how you got in the fish in the game..."
	"Is how I get in this one," I finished for him.
	Now that I thought about it, the solution was so simple I couldn't believe I didn't 
think of it.  All I had to do was find a fish for the larger one to eat.  Then the larger one 
would suck me in as well.  
	Washu quickly brought several fish out of the lake to lie flopping before my feet.  The 
giant fish in front of me suddenly opened its mouth and sucked in the fish as well as myself.
	After I had been sucked in I changed the radar range to an even smaller range than 
before.  The radar showed the ball to be located in the fish's belly.  I made my way down its 
throat and into the beast's stomach.  The thought of being inside anything's digestive track is 
just gross, but to actually be inside is far worst.  The horrible stench of rotting meat and 
digestive juice was everywhere.  I could see piles of digesting meat over the stomach lining.  
Then in one pile I saw a small glint.  Then it appeared again and there was no doubt that it 
was the Dragon ball I was after.  I dug though the rotting meat, gagging and almost losing 
control of my stomach in the process, and I retrieved the ball.  This one was the one star.  
I looked at it for a few seconds in satisfaction and then I felt a sharp pain in my back.  
I yelled out in pain and turned around to see a floating jellyfish withdraw its tentacle from 
my back. 
	"Ffffeeeeeeeeeheeeeeeeheeee," the thing said and from what I could tell it was laughing.  
Just thing I remembered something else from the game Will mentioned.  These things were also 
inside the fish from the game as well.  I guess that somehow we ran across an element of this 
world that didn't belong here.
	"So you thought that was funny huh?" I said, "Well let's see you laugh at this 
YAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!"
	I withdrew my sword and charged at the thing hitting is right on its squishy head.  
Sparks immediately flew and from the point I hit it at and another bolt of electricity coursed 
through my body.  I screamed in more pain till the electricity knocked me from the jellyfish 
into the stomach wall.
	"Real smart Alex," I muttered to myself, "use a sword against a jellyfish."  
	I had been too mad to remember metal conducts electricity.
	"Fffeeeeeeheeeeeeeheeeeeee," the thing laughed once more.
	"Oh shut up!" I yelled at the jellyfish and blew it up with an energy blast.  As the 
squishy creature blew up the walls of the stomach filled with more and more jellyfish that 
didn't seem to like what I did to their friend.  I stared wide-eyed at the creatures that 
slowly made their way to me from every angle.
	"This...is bad," I muttered.
	As they closed in I decided to get out the fastest way I could.  I went super saiyan 
to frighten of the jellyfish for a moment and I flew up to the top of the stomach lining and 
forced my way trough the fish's stomach, blood, muscle, and finally scales and skin.  I 
breathed in the fresh air and then launched a blast into the fish to finish off the jellyfish 
inside.
	"Alex what was that all about?" Will asked as I landed on the ground and tossed him the 
dragon ball and the radar.
	"Lets just say that fish had more in common with the one from the game than we thought," 
I replied.
	I turned to walk over to the truck, but one last jellyfish stood in front of me and 
zapped me once more.  The pain ran trough my body then faded.
	"Feeeeeeeeeheeeeeeeeeheeeee," the discussing thing laughed.  I charged up a blast for 
it, but before I got the chance the thing was lying dead on the ground and Ryoko stood before 
it with her sword clutched in her hand.  
	"Next thing that attacks Alex is going to get worse than a sword through them," she 
said.  
	After wards we got back in the truck and Will checked the radar.
	"Hey everyone the next one is not to far so don't get to comfortable," Will told us.
	"You can tell them that but as far as I'm concerned I get to sit this one out," I 
muttered and closed my eyes.
	After driving several more miles we reached the location of the next dragon ball.  The 
first thing I noticed was the rushing and roaring of the wind.  Then I heard everyone gasp.
	"What's wrong?" I asked and I opened my eyes and I too gasped.  The sky had changed 
from a cloudless blue to an overcast green.  Not a bright green, but a gray-green.  Then I 
began to feel drops of water hitting me.  I sat up and then I saw the source of all of this.  
It was gigantic and tearing up anything in its way.  It destroyed houses and swept up trees to 
spin round and round in its grasp.  It was a tornado unlike any I've ever seen.  It was without
a doubt the biggest class a tornado could be.  Then I saw small glint pass by in the tornado.  
Then it came again.  The others had seen it as well.  Will checked the radar and without a doubt 
said that the dragon ball was in the twister.  
	"So who's going to get this one?"  Ryoko asked.
	"I already said I'm sitting this one out," I muttered and I lied back down.  I didn't 
even care about the rain pouring down.  
	"Oh come on Alex this one isn't that hard to get," Ryoko said.
	"That's what I thought about the last one," I replied
	"But there aren't any enemies in that twister," she said continuing to try and get me 
to go after it,"
	"Ryoko if Alex says he isn't get it then leave him be," Ayeka said.
	"You stay out of this Princess," Ryoko said and then turned back to me, "It shouldn't 
be that hard for someone like you."
	"Forget it Ryoko, you can't feed my ego like you can with Vegeta," I said then looked 
at everyone else and asked, "Aren't any of you going to say or do anything?"
	"Actually Alex," Will said, "I think I speak for all of or at least most of us when I 
say we're all just enjoying watching Ryoko trying to get you to get the dragon ball,"
	"Thanks a lot," I muttered.
	"Well Alex I know how to get you to go get the ball," Ryoko said.
	"And how is that?" I asked.
	"Like this," she replied and grabbed me by the arm and threw me at the tornado.
	I tried to stop myself but she caught me off guard and I wasn't even powered up.
	When I gained control of where I was going it was too late and I was sucked into the 
spinning vortex.
	"RRRRRRRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOKKKKOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!" I yelled in fury as the 
twister spun me around and around.
	<I'll get her for this> I thought to myself and then I once again saw the dragon ball.  
It was only a few inches from me and would be easy to get.  I flew towards the ball with six 
red stars and grabbed it.  Then I flew out of the twister and just because I felt like it 
launched an energy blast into clouds.  The tornado almost instantly collapsed.
	"Can't you do anything without blowing something up?" Will asked.
	"What?  It was heading in our direction anyway so I did us a favor," I replied, "or 
would you rather I find another twister, and throw this into that one so you can get it?" I 
then added holding up the dragon ball.
	"Are you two going to argue like idiots all day, or are we going to get on with our 
little quest?" Washu asked.
	"Your just upset we won't let you experiment on us now that we've been through your 
so called experiments," Will shot back.
	"Just shut up and get in the truck," I told Will.
	We once again were forced to ride with Will driving the truck and once again I checked 
the dragon radar.  The next one was very close and took under five minutes to get to. It looked 
like the tornado I just destroyed had been trough here.  There was a trail of debris leading 
off into the distance.  But when we followed the trail the other way it came to an abrupt stop.  
Apparently this was also where the tornado began.  We walked past the origin of the twister and 
continued to walk toward the dragon ball.  Finally I looked up and it was in plain sight.  
There wasn't one single risk in getting this one.  The dragon ball lay in an open field where 
the most dangerous things other than us were rabbits.
	"Well I guess I'll get this one," Ryoko volunteered.
	As she eagerly walked toward the orange shining sphere a single thought went through my 
mind, "revenge".  And almost like I had been plotting this for a week in advance I came up with 
the perfect plan.  Since Ryoko would reach the ball in no time I had to use the spikard to 
speed my spell up.  I focused on the ring and forced my mind trough it's many channels of power 
searching for the spell I needed.  Within seconds I found it and instantly the spell had set up.
	"Let the games begin," I said.
	At this command walls shot up all around Ryoko.  They raced in and out of each other, 
zigzagging and forming a maze.  Finally the maze had completed with the dragon ball at the 
center and Ryoko in the entrance.  A microphone appeared in my hand and I explained everything 
when a floating picture of Ryoko inside the maze had appeared.
	"Ok Ryoko it's pay back time," I said, "Now here's the deal you're not going to get the 
dragon ball that easy.  The walls of this maze are magically protected, the top has a force 
field in place, and the same goes for the ground.  With the walls and force field in place you 
can't smash your way though and they also disable your powers to teleport and phase trough 
things.  Thus you'll have to complete this maze the normal way.  Now also you also will have 
to deal with numerous hazards that you can't trash either.  Grab the dragon ball and the maze 
goes away.  You got all of that?"
	"Alex your crazy if you think I'm going to play your stupid game," she replied.	          
	"Ryoko I have other ways to motivate you." I said.
  	"Oh yeah then do it," she replied
	"Don't say I didn't warn you."
	At this I summoned a crate at the entrance and vicious snarls and other sounds could be 
heard from inside.
	"Ryoko," I said, "if you don't start moving by the time I count to three I'm going to 
open this crate and release what's inside on you."
	"You wouldn't dare."
	"I didn't think you'd throw me into a twister but you did."
	"I am not moving from this spot Alex."
	"One..."
	Still she made no effort to move.  She was determined to stay were she was instead of 
just going through the maze.
	"Two..." I continued to count, my hand on the front of the box ready to lift it.
	"Three," I flung open the crate and out charged several creatures that even made Ryoko 
look a little nervous.  They ran out of the box and stood up like humans.  But while they 
shared many human characteristics they were far from being one.  They had long teeth that stuck 
out of their massive closed jaws.  They were covered from the tip of their faces to their 
feet in red scales.  They had two arms and two legs but they appeared longer than normal and 
each finger and toe had a raiser sharp claw, used when they were hunting.  But the most 
freighting thing about them were their eyes.  Were their should have been something there 
wasn't anything but blackness.  Yet they could somehow see.  They stared at Ryoko watching 
her.  Those cold eyeless sockets penetrated right though her.
	"Ryoko these creatures are called Neacons," I said,  "They are highly intelligent and 
survive both with technology and their raw skills that they are born with.  They also posses 
high amounts of magic that could even make the most powerful logrus user tremble.  If you don't 
go through the maze they will attack."
	She glared at me and said, "Alex you sure are going a long way just to get even with 
that little joke I played on you."
	"Well Ryoko I really don't want to use them I honestly don't, but if you won't 
cooperate I will release them."
	"Just be glad I'm not in the mood to fight them right now," she said and began to 
walk down the maze.  
	As soon as she started walking the Neacons vanished back to their own world and we 
looked up to the screen to watch her progress.  After about fifty feet she came to a fork in 
the path and over the top was a message.
	"If you wish to progress then answer this.  What creature, with horrible breath, is 
feared in fairy tales?"
	"You can't be serious Alex," Ryoko said.
	"Sorry Ryoko but if you want to continue on your way you have to answer the question, 
other wise you won't be going anywhere," I said.
	"Just watch me," She said and began walking to the left passage.  She went a few feet 
into the passage and then she hit a clear wall blocking her path.
	"I don't believe this, I got to answer that dumb thing," she muttered and stepped back 
into the room.
	"Hmmm a creature in fairy tales..." she thought about this for a few moments then 
snapped her fingers and said, "Easy, a dragon." 
	Instantly the door on the left glowed blue and the barrier that blocked her way 
disappeared.  She continued to move on.  She didn't encounter many things for awhile other 
than a few dead ends.  Then she entered a small room with several small holes along the sides.  
On the floor were several tiles on the ground of many different colors.  As soon as she stepped 
in a door dropped down sealing her in.  Every few seconds random tiles would flip to a new side 
revealing a different color.  Overhead blades ran in and out of the wall only inches above 
Ryoko's head.
	"Great I can just tell this is going to be fun to cross," Ryoko muttered and stepped 
onto a green tile; nothing happened so then she stepped onto a red tile.  Almost immediately 
fire blasts began to shoot out of the walls.  Ryoko took her foot off the tile and dropped to 
the ground, waiting for the flames to quit.
	"Ok note to self, red is bad," she muttered and then placed her foot on a blue tile.  
Rather than fire shooting out of the walls water erupted out of the holes instead.  The 
pressure that they shot out at was more than enough to blast Ryoko into a wall.  Again she 
took her foot off the tile and ducked down waiting for the water to quit poring out.  
Eventually it did but there was a small problem.  Unlike the fire witch shot out and then 
disappeared because it lost it's fuel, the water which was has a physical form remained in 
the room flooding it up to her ankles.
	"Ok this isn't a problem," she said and she shot several blasts into the water 
evaporating it.  
	After that had been done she choose only to step on green tiles until when she was 
about halfway though when she stepped on a green tile the other tiles around it rotated leaving 
no other greens left.  She tried to wait but while the tiles at the beginning and end changed 
the ones surrounding her didn't. 
	"Ok I'm tired of waiting," she said and with a burst of energy she began running as 
fast as she could.  Meanwhile fire, water, poison darts, and many other things shot out of the 
wall at top speed threatening to collide with Ryoko.  She began to perform a series of flips 
and jumps avoiding the hazards that shot out of the wall.  She landed to close to one torch and 
burned the side of arm but only a small section.  This however was enough to distract her from 
the water gushing out of the hole across from her.  It slammed into her with full force and 
knocked her into the opposite wall.  She stumbled and stepped on a red switch.  Fire roared out 
of the hole, strait into her back.  She screamed in pain and fell onto the water-covered floor.  
As her body hit the water she felt the pain instantly subside.  After that she got back to her 
feet and resumed the pace she had before only now all the tiles in front of her flipped to blue 
and wouldn't change.  Once again she tore off running and dodging the water that pumped out 
into the sealed room.  Then as the water rose to her chest she dived in and swam to the end.  
With all the water that had pored in she had more that enough to keep her floating off the 
ground, so she didn't have to worry about touching any more tiles.  As she reached the end of 
the room she dived down and pressed a small button at the center of the wall.  The button sank 
into the wall and a door appeared draining the water and granting passage to the next room.
	"Ok Alex now you didn't go though that in the tornado!  So how can this be considered 
fair?" Ryoko protested.
	"Chill out Ryoko that is about the worst you'll have to go through in this maze," I 
said trying to calm her down.
	"Yeah well it better be," she replied.
	She continued on trough the path and finally she encountered the last obstacle in her 
way.  It was a sphinx.  Ryoko just starred at it for a few moments.  Finally she got over the 
shock of running into such a powerful and legendary creature and walked forward.
	"Ok I'm in a hurry so would you do me a favor and step aside?" She asked.
	"Sorry but I'm here for a reason," the great creature replied, 
	"If you wish to pass then you must solve my riddle.  Answer on your first guess and 
I let you pass, guess wrong and I attack, chose to find another path and I do nothing."
	"Ok then let me here the riddle," Ryoko responded.
	The sphinx cleared its throat and then spoke in a very clear voice:

	"First think of a person that lives in disguise,
	Who deals in secrets and tells naught but lies.
	Next, tell me what's always the last thing to mend, 
	The middle of middle and end of the end?
	And finally give me the sound often heard
	During the search for a hard-to-find word.
	Now string them together, and answer me this
 	Which creature would you be unwilling to kiss?"

	Ryoko stared at the sphinx like it was crazy.  She knew this would take awhile so she 
sat down to think it out.
	"Hmm...person in disguise that tells lies... spy, secret agent, yeah one of those.  
Last to heal, middle of middle and end of end, I don't have a clue.  What is said when looking 
for a word...Tenchi says it all the time when I fight with Ayeka...uh, er, yeah it's go to be 
'er'.  Spy...er, spy-er spyer..." then jumped to her feet and faced the sphinx.  "I got it the 
creature I would be unwilling to kiss would be a spider."
	The sphinx smiled and stepped to the side granting passage.
	"But what does that 'the last to heal thing' have to do with anything?" Ryoko asked.
	"Just something to throw you off," the sphinx replied.
	Ryoko just shook her head and walked into a wide-open passage and there was the dragon 
ball.  Ryoko picked it up and my revenge maze disappeared.
	"Great job Ryoko," I said as she walked toward me.
	"If I didn't like you Alex you would be dead by now," she said in a low voice.
	"I could say the same to you as well," I replied.
	"Uh hey everyone could we move on now?" Tenchi asked hopping to prevent any fights.
	"Sure lets get the last three and bring Matt back," I said as Ryoko threw the ball to 
me and I saw we now had the two star ball.
	Will drove to the next closest ball and we decided it was Trunks's turn to get a ball 
through drawing straws again.  When we arrived at our destination we got out of the truck and 
went into a near by city were the next ball should be.  As we entered the city people starred 
at us from out of their windows and as we passed them.  I guess it isn't everyday you see two 
teenage boys from another dimension, six beautiful girls, a boy that they constantly fight over, 
and a time traveler that carries a sword on him, all traveling together.  Let alone their 
powers.  Anyway we continued to walk trough the city heading towards the radar's coordinates.  
Finally we came to a small mall in the town and went in.  As we looked around from the inside 
of the mall it seemed even smaller and may as well have been a department store.  There were 
the usual stores as well as the more different ones like a poster store and a computer store.  
We walked aimlessly through looking for anything that might hold a clue to the location of the 
dragon ball but there wasn't anything in there.  So we went out the back entrance/exit despite 
the wining from some of the others that wanted to do some shopping.  As we left the mall there 
was a small ally that the radar was beeping to.  We walked into it and found several small shops 
lining the ally.  A few shop stands down we saw a small glint and immediately headed toward 
it.  However it was only jewelry.  So we walked to the end of the ally and found a solid wall.  
	"I don't get it Will we should have found it the radar shows the dragon ball is in this 
ally," I said.
	"Well we looked everywhere and we couldn't find it so maybe it is buried," he suggested.
	"Point taken, Trunks you have any ideas," I asked.
	However he didn't reply, at the current moment he was searching the back wall.
	"Trunks may I ask what you are doing?" Ayeka asked.
	"There is something odd about this wall," he replied.
	The others began examining it as well and soon enough we found what he meant.  The 
cracks on the wall seamed to form a pattern, as did the bricks that were missing.  He pressed 
against the wall and it moved in and to the side granting access.  Immediately on the inside 
there was a set of stairs that curved to our direction as they went down.  Curving in the 
direction of the dragon ball. 
	"I'll take it from here, Alex can I have the radar?" Trunks asked.
	"Sure just don't take to long," I said as I gave the radar to him.
	He took the radar and went down the stairs.  After he left our sight I used the spikard 
to bring up a spell that showed us what was going on.  With in a few moments a black rectangle 
appeared and Trunks showed up on it.  He had just cleared the stairs and was now in a small room 
that looked like it was from a castle.  He stepped into the room and starred wide-eyed.  I 
rotated the view and I saw why.  The room had lit torches on the sides, which showed it was 
littered in riches that many can only dream about.  There was an incredible amount there in all 
forms.  There were gold bars, gems, gold and silver coins, and many other forms of riches.  I 
looked at the others and saw they had similar reactions.  Most of us were considering going 
down there and taking the lot of it.  I focused my attention back on the room and how Trunks 
was doing.  Then in a pile of rings of every gem you can think of there was something orange.  
Trunks soon noticed it as well and ran over to it.  He dug the object out to reveal it was the 
seven star ball. 
	"And what do you think your going with that?" a voice behind Trunks asked.
	As he turned around he saw a figure blocking the way out of the room.  Judging from the 
voice it had to be a male.  He stepped into the light all the way to confirm my beliefs.  He 
stood taller than Trunks and had black mustache and a black Afro.   He wore a brown shirt and 
white pants as well as boots.  But the thing that gave him away most of all was the belt he 
wore.  It was the World Marshal Arts Championship Belt he wore.  It was without a doubt Hercule.
	"Tell me what makes you think that you can barge into my secret storage room and take 
my things?" he asked.
	"It isn't much of a secret anymore," Ryoko muttered under her breath.
	"Please don't take anything from it," Tenchi said.
	Ryoko widened her eyes and looked as innocent as she could and said in a sarcastic 
way, "Why I would never," then she returned her face to normal and got a serious look "Don't 

worry I won't do anything."  
	We then returned our attention to Trunks and Hercule.  Trunks was having a hard time 
thinking of a reasonable explanation while Hercule grew impatient.  Then Hercule's eyes widened 
and he said, "Hey wait a second you were one of the people that was at the Cell games weren't 
you.  Yeah your cloths are different and your hair is shorter but you were one of them.  In fact 
you were the one he shot as soon as he came back to life.  How can you be alive?"
	<Trunks whatever you do, don't tell him about the dragon balls!  Then that will just 
make getting away without becoming thieves even harder, > I yelled mentally to him.
	"Well you see," Trunks began to answer taking my warning into consideration, "Everyone 
came back because Cell was killed so his deeds were reversed remember?"
	"Ok so that is taken care of, now why are you raiding the greatest fighter's storeroom?" 
	While Trunks tried to think up an excuse Will and I were fighting the urge to throw up 
what we had for breakfast and the girls stared at Hercule in the picture.
	"He is the world's strongest fighter?" Kiyone said puzzled while Ryoko fought to keep 
from falling on the ground in laughter.
	"Yes and no Kiyone," Will replied, "He is the strongest normal human that can't fly or 
shoot energy blasts but in comparison to the rest he is nothing but an object to be smacked 
around for amusement."
	"Yeah check this out," I said and I summoned up a spell from my spikard and said, 
"Replay"  
	The picture of what was going on downstairs was replaced with a replaying of when 
Hercule was fighting Cell seven years ago.  He broke several small tiles to demonstrate his 
power while Cell just starred at him.  
What a creation Cell was indeed.  In his complete form we saw what looked like a man wearing an 
insect costume.  His head had a type of crown with two wide prongs so-to-speak on either side 
that shot up.  They were green with black spots all over. The top of this "crown" was a small 
dome that was black and sat low.  His face was white and on the side of his head was a yellow 
coloring that had two holes in the side for his ears and it ran down to his chin.  Next to the 
yellow was purple colored skin than ended in points at the bottom of his face and at the top is 
ended at the outer lower corners of his eyes.  His eyes were pink with normal black pupils.  On 
his back was a black set of wings and what looked like a stinger just below them.  The rest of 
his body was covered in the black-spotted green plates that were on the top of his head save 
for the neck, which was revealed like his face.  His chest and shoulders were black rather than 
plated as well.  And last in-between each of these plates were purple sections that were his 
joints.
Hurcule held the same appearance as he did now except that his wore a white belt rather than 
the champion belt.
  After Hurcule finished showing his "amazing" strength he ran at Cell and punched him strait 
in the gut.  Then he began a series of punches hitting all over Cell's body.  Only Cell didn't 
even show he so much as felt the hits.  
	"And now for the grand finally!" Hurcule yelled triumphantly as he drew back his fist 
to punch Cell in the face and knock him out of the ring.  As Hurcule charged this time Cell 
held his left arm drawn across his chest and when Hurcule came in range Cell flicked out his 
arm smacking Hurcule away.  At a fast pace Hurcule approached the mountain in the background and 
WAM he hit it head first and slid down the side slowly until he touched the ground.
The replay ended and the Tenchi crew looked rather amused.  None of them even fought the 
laughter that overcame them.
	"So the only hard part is getting the dragon ball without getting arrested," I said.
We returned our attention to the picture that showed Hurcule's underground storeroom again.
	"Well you see Hurcule," Trunks began trying to think up a good explanation, "Uh well 
this is actually...looks just like, no it is one of my family's most prized processions."
	"Is that so, then why do I have it," Hurcule asked.
With a greater look of confidence Trunks said, "That is easy, it was stolen from my family.  
The thief must have sold it to one of the side markets or something.  Or he could have found 
your storeroom and hid it here till the heat was off."
	"Well I suppose I could believe that but there is no proof that it is yours."
Hurcule continued to think about this until his daughter Videl came down stairs.
	"Hey daddy what are you still..." she started to say then her eyes shifted to Trunks, 
"Hey who is this guy and why is he down here.  You better not be a thief."
	"Videl this kid clams that ball in his hands was stolen from him and it ended up here 
some how."  Hurcule explained.
	"That's a likely story," she replied, "How can you prove that it is yours."
	"Well I guess I can't," Trunks replied as he starred at the ground.
	"Yeah your just like this new kid at school his name is Gohan, he did the weirdest 
things during PE today."
Trunks jerked up and looked strait at her.
	"Oh so somehow you know Gohan then?"
	"Uh I guess you could say we're friends he would vouch for me," Trunks said.
	"No way that kid jumped at least 20 feet in the air to catch a baseball today, and he 
took a ball strait to the head and was still standing!  I'm not trusting someone that strange 
until I know what is up with him."
	"Ok look it's getting late so here is what I say if that is yours you'd do anything to 
get it back right?" Hurcule asked.
	"Yeah of course!" Trunks said.
	"Then you would even fight the world's strongest fighter and his daughter," Hurcule 
concluded.
	"What! You want me to do WHAT!" Trunks said in shock though it could hardly be because 
he was scared.
	"Yes just get past my daughter and me and you can leave," he repeated.
	<Trunks go easy on them if you humiliate them you are going to mess both of them up, > 
I said mentally.
	<You are not exactly making this easy to do you know Alex, > he replied.
Trunks then put the dragon ball into one of the pockets in his jacket and ran strait at Hurcule.  
Hurcule was ready and crouched into a defensive position but Trunks faked to the left and 
dashed to the right.  He however let Hurcule grab hold of his arm and fling him into the back 
wall.  Then Hurcule charged strait at him.  Trunks stood up and kicked Hurcule strait in the 
face.  The champion stepped back a few feet, but then resumed his attack.  Finally Trunks ran 
past him and was heading for Videl.  She jumped at him and landed on his shoulders with her 
legs locked around his neck.  She then leaned back and placed her hands on the ground and flung 
Trunks into the hard floor.  Trunks stood up trying to act a little worn out.  He then grabbed 
her wrist and swung her out of the way and ran up the stairs and back into the ally.
	"Oh well I guess it really was his.  How else would he put up a good fight," Hurcule 
said.
I turned off the picture as Trunks came back up the stairs, and we left the ally and went back 
to the truck.  We drew straws again and this time Tenchi drew the winning one.  I checked the 
radar but there wasn't anything close by.  I kept changing the distance to longer and longer 
range till the radar was showing out into the ocean as well as land.  Finally a small blinking 
light showed up in the ocean. It looked like that it was the closest so we didn't have much of 
a choice.
	"Hey Trunks the next ball is out in the ocean so we're going to need a boat," I said.
	"Don't worry I've got one that we can use," he replied.
	"Good cause at this rate we'll be at the coast line in an hour or so," I said relieved.
My prediction was a little off however; it took more like two hours to reach the coast.  By now 
the sun was beginning to set.  Trunks wasted no time pulling out the boat, which was more like a 
ship.  As we approached I shrank the distance the radar extended to, and it was more or less 
sunset when we found the island.
	"Ok the radar says that this is were the dragon ball..." I began to say until I saw the 
island 
we had arrived at.  It was Master Roshi's island. 
	"Alex is something wrong," Ayeka asked.
	"Yeah something is wrong, it's called the old man that lives here," I answered, "You 
see the old man that lives here is...how can I put this...he is a pervert plain and simple."
	"Yeah so what, it's not like Tenchi's dad isn't like that," Ryoko said.
	"Ryoko let me tell you a story about this man," I said, "His name is Master Roshi and 
like I said the man is a pervert.  When Bulma and Goku met him he had a dragon ball.  So he said 
he would give it to them if Bulma flashed him.  Only because there was no other way she agreed.  
Well from then on every time Roshi saw her he tried a date with her or something like that."
	"Oh my what a filthy person," Ayeka said.
	"It gets better," I replied in response, "you see after the dragon ball quest ended Goku 
went to be trained by Roshi since the old man invited him to train.  Well another student named 
Krillin showed up asking for the same thing, but Roshi turned him down.  Krillin knew the man 
was a pervert so he gave Roshi, and I use this term loosely, 'reading material' which is how 
Krillin became a student.  But Roshi still wouldn't train them until they brought him a girl. 
Now back to Bulma.  After several years pasted and Goku and Krillin went from kids to adults 
Roshi is still hitting on her.  To be honest I wouldn't be surprised if Roshi would still try 
to get her to flash him even with her being with Vegeta."
	"Well if he tries anything we'll just put him in his place," Ryoko said and went up to 
the house and knocked on the door.  
After a few moments an old bald man with sunglasses on answered the door.
	"Hello may I ask wha..." he started to say and then just trailed off when he saw 
everyone.  Finally after the shock seeing the girls he spoke up again, "Oh my, my, my Alex you 
hit the jackpot."
	"Roshi if you so much as hit on them I will hurt you," I said.
	"I have no idea what your talking about Alex," the old man said trying to be as 
convincing as possible.
	"Uh Master Roshi," Will said, "we came here because one of the dragon balls is on your 
island."
	"Oh yeah, one did wash up on the shore a few months ago and it's even the three star 
ball again.  
So why do you want it?" Roshi asked.
	"The usual reason, to wish back a dead friend," Will answered.
	"Hmm well I'll give it to you if..."
	"Keep it clean Roshi, keep it clean," I interrupted.
	"Ok well I suppose if one of you can pass a few tests I'll give it to you," he replied.
	"Agreed Tenchi will be the one to take these tests," Will said.
So we waited around inside while Roshi figured out what he would have Tenchi do.  We also saw 
that Krillin and Android 18 lived here along with their daughter Maron.  Well so far this DBZ 
shadow was just like the future one from the series.  Finally Roshi came into the room to tell 
us what the tests would be.
	"Well the way I see it is if you can get the dragon ball from me it is yours," Master 
Roshi said.
	"Could you think of something else I just had to do that with Hurcule and his daughter," 
Trunks complained.
	"Well you don't have to get it so stop complaining!" the old man replied.
	"Ok so are there any rules Tenchi has to follow?" Will asked.
	"Hmm well I think no poking the eyes or hitting below the belt is enough, other wise 
use any tactic you wish," 
	"What about the use of my sword?"
	"I'm afraid I can't let you use that since it is more than capable of killing me, however 
you may use a practice sword instead,"
With that said Tenchi and Roshi walked out to the front of the house first and then we followed.  
Roshi had the dragon ball a few inches from his foot and he would be far harder to get by then 
Hurcule.  
	"Are you ready Tenchi?" Roshi asked.
	"Yeah let's go," Tenchi answered.
With that Tenchi ran strait at Roshi.  The old man stood prepared but then Tenchi changed his 
direction and ran behind the old man. Tenchi raised his sword to attack but Roshi moved out of 
the way in time.  This caught Tenchi off guard and Master Roshi took this opportunity to strike 
Tenchi in the stomach.  Tenchi fell to the ground gasping for air while Roshi waited patiently.  
After a few moments Tenchi was breathing normally and he resumed his assault.  This time he 
charged strait at Roshi and brought his sword down.  Roshi moved out of the way just in time 
but now he left the dragon ball unguarded.  Tenchi dove for the ball only to grab air as the 
old man was indeed faster than he looked.  Tenchi got back up and swung again at Roshi, who now 
kept hold of the ball.  The old man evaded the attack with ease.  Now Tenchi went into as series 
of swings and swaps.  But each attack the old man avoided.  Finally Tenchi made a slash at 
Master Roshi and hit him in the shoulder.  
	"Ouch that hurts!" Master Roshi yelled, "Just how long have you been practicing?"
	"For a long time," Tenchi said and then resumed his attack on Roshi.
He made a stab at Roshi but this time Roshi got out of the way.
	"Now it's my turn," Roshi said calmly and shot a small energy blast at Tenchi.
Tenchi rolled out of the way in time and countered with a jump attack catching Roshi in his 
left arm.  Unfortunately the ball was in his right.  Tenchi just stayed in his current spot and 
held his sword in a defensive position while trying to think of something.  Then his eyes 
widened and then narrowed back down, and a smile crossed his face.                       
	"Well I have to admit you aren't making this easy," Tenchi said, "but there is one thing 
you should know about."
	"And what might that be?" Roshi asked.
	"WHAT IN THE WORLD IS THAT!?" Tenchi yelled and pointed towards the opposite direction 
Roshi 
was facing
	"What, where?" Roshi yelled turning his head around.
	"Figures," Tenchi muttered and he brought his sword down on Master Roshi's head, and 
followed that with an elbow into Roshi's back.  Roshi dropped to the ground and the dragon ball 
rolled out of his hand.  Tenchi picked up the ball and then we brought a knocked out Master 
Rohsi back into the house. He soon woke up and we thanked him for his time.  Then we headed out 
for the last dragon ball.  One last time we drew straws and Will got the winning or losing straw 
depending on how you look at it.  We returned to dry land and then continued driving in the 
truck.  By now the sun had set and it had become hard to see.  Finally the signal led us to the 
edge of a forest.  Somewhere inside was the five-star ball.  
	"Ok Will, your on your own now," I said.
	"Don't worry this shouldn't take long," he replied as he took the dragon radar.
He then summoned up a small light and walked off into the forest.  
	"Shall we view his progress as well?" I asked.
	"Sure why not," Ryoko said.
So once again I used the spell I did before and we viewed Will's progress.  He was making pretty 
good time.  He just kept taking one step after another.  Finally as he was about to place his 
left foot down he gasped and stopped his foot just a few inches from touching the ground.  At 
first we couldn't see what was wrong but then we looked under his foot and saw the reason.  He 
had almost stepped on a tail.  And the creature it belonged to was a wolf.  Will brightened the 
light that he had and saw that the wolf was with a rather large pack.  He carefully walked 
around the sleeping wolves making sure that he didn't cause them to stir the slightest.  He may 
have powers but that doesn't mean he would get out in good condition.  Finally the blinking dot 
on the radar was centered and Will began to look around the dark woods. He took a few steps 
forward and WAM Will grabbed his throbbing forehead and saw he had ran into a branch.  
	"Wait a second," he muttered to himself, "the dragon ball has to be up in a tree."
He wasted no time climbing up into the tree he ran into and continued his search from up there.  
Finally the familiar shining of reflecting light showed up and there the ball was resting 
in-between a set of branches.  
	"Now your mine," Will muttered.
However as he touched the dragon ball the wind kicked up and blew the ball out of the branch.  
Will desperately tried to grab the ball but it fell to the ground.  Will began waiting for a 
wolf to stir but it never happened.  Finally he left the tree and examined were the ball had 
landed.  Now either he just had bad luck that day or some force of nature wanted to be mean but 
at any rate the ball was now resting on the ground slightly pressed against a rather large 
wolf's coat of fur.
	"You got to be kidding me how am I suppose to get that!" Will complained.
Ever so carefully he reached down towards the ball very slowly.  Inch by Inch until the tips of 
his figures were touching it.  Sweat was beginning to coat his face as his heart began to pound 
in his chest.  The wolf snorted out a quick breath and Will froze.  But the wolf did nothing 
more.  Finally Will wrapped his fingers around the ball and slowly brought it to himself.  Now 
we had the last ball.  Will breathed a sigh of relief and began to walk out of the forest.  
However he was so relived that he forgot about the wolves that he was suppose to be walking 
around carefully.  Well he remembered when he brought his foot down on one wolf's tail.  The 
funny thing is that it was the same wolf he had avoided when he first discovered the pack was 
here.
The wolf let out an ear perching howl of pain and was awake instantly.  Its howl carried to its 
fellow wolves' ears.  They were awake and on full alert within the blink of an eye.  Then they 
began to sniff the air and one by one they turned their heads to see Will.
	"This...is not good," he muttered with a small look of panic in his eyes.
Then Will and the wolves starred at each other for about two seconds before one made a move.  
Will sent his light into the ground causing a blinding flash that threw off the wolves and gave 
him a few seconds of a head start.  The wolves soon recovered and took off after Will.  He 
zigzagged in-between trees and bushes, but the wolves were just as good.  It was a good thing 
Will has been on the track team since 7th grade cause it was coming in handy.  The wolves 
however had caught up to him and one snapped its jaws and got a piece of Will's shirt.
	"Hey cut that out!" Will yelled and he shot a small blast behind him.
The wolves fell back behind but they were determined to get Will.  Soon they were right back 
behind him.  Finally he neared the edge of the forest with the wolves right behind him.  Many 
were snapping their jaws and trying to hit him with their claws.
	"AH CRAP!  GUYS THEY'RE TRYING TO EAT ME!" he yelled as we came into his line of sight.
Finally he cleared the trees and thus wasted no time flying up into the air.  The wolves tried 
jumping at him but again their attacks were in vain.  Now Will shot several energy balls down 
at the wolves.  The balls exploded the ground underneath the wolves and severly wounded many.  
They gave up at last and went back into the woods.  Will then landed and gave us the five star 
ball.  
With the last ball gathered we slept for the rest of the night and when everyone was awake the 
next day we ate and then found a good spot to summon the dragon.  Soon enough we found a large 
clearing and decided to use it.
	"Ok we just have to set them down here, it doesn't need to be in any order or shape" 
Will said.  
	So we set the balls down and they began to pulsate with a regular golden glow.  
	"Hey Alex can I summon the dragon?" Will asked.
	"Sure you've seen how it's done," I replied.
	"Ok thanks," he said.  Then he cleared his throat and extended his hands over the balls.
Then he said, "Eternal dragon by your name I summon you to grant my wishes, NOW ARISE, SHENRON!"
Immediately the balls glowed even brighter and black clouds moved in fast.  Then when the balls 
glowed as bright as they could a huge bolt of light and energy shot upward.  It continued to 
grow, twisting and winding in and out of itself.  Then it slowed down with the tip of it facing 
us and the glow faded to reveal Shenron, the eternal dragon.  Everyone staired in awe at the site 
before their very eyes.  They were amazed by the legendary dragon and couldn't even form words to
express what they felt at that moment.
	"YOU HAVE AWAKENED ME FROM MY SLEEP, SPEAK NOW SO I CAN GRANT YOUR WISH," Shenron said 
with a booming, growling voice.
	"Right," Will said, "well we want wish our friend Matt H..." 
	"Not so fast," a voice said.  It didn't belong to anyone that was here but yet we all 
heard it.  It was more like it was being broadcast.
	"Wait a minute," Sasami said,  "that was Matt's voice."


To be continued...

Authors notes:  Ok this is the biggining of my second story.  It took a while to do namly 
because I kept procrastinating.  That and I didn't really know what to write at first.  
Well now it's done.  Please e-mail me at alex8525@yahoo.com and tell me what you think of 
my stories so far, thanks.