Crossing Dimensions
By: Alex Betts

Story 2 the DBZ Realm

Disclaimer: Except for the friends I shared my powers with and myself I don't own any of 
these characters.

Chapter 3 "The Tournament"

	<Gohan, you owe me big time for this one, > I told Gohan through thought- speech.  
As I did so I forgot to dodge a kick from Videl, but it didn't do anything.  Too bad we had 
to pretend she was a real challenge.
	<Well you knew this would happen from your tapes, so you should have been ready, > 
he replied.
	"Hey stop running and give up criminals!" Videl yelled at us as she swung at Gohan.
	< No Gohan, > I said, <I knew you'd try to rescue the baby dino, and return it, I 
didn't know you'd drag me into this mess, and on a weekend.  Do you have any idea how much 
homework I have to do! >
	Yes this was indeed a fine way to spend the weekend, helping a friend steal a baby 
dinosaur from the circus, and return it to it's nest so it's parents don't start raiding the 
town.  I guess I'm a little like Kiyone in that way, I give in too easy.  Of course Will wasn't 
going to help, he was still sleeping when we asked for his help.  
	"Look how many times do I have to say it," I said to Videl, "we are not stealing this 
dinosaur...ok maybe we are, but the circus stole this baby from its nest in the mountains."
	"Your just trying to cover your tracks," she replied, "And besides why should I listen 
to you I know you even less about you than I do Saiyaman."
	As we continued to argue a bright flash of light appeared in front of us.  It was 
enough to get the fighting to come to a pause but we didn't know what it was.  Then another 
flash appeared and another.  Finally we realized what they were; they were explosions from 
blasts.  Then I looked up and starred in shock at the source of these explosions.  
	"But it can't be, he isn't even in this shadow," I muttered to myself.
	"Alex who is that?"  Gohan whispered to me.  
	I looked at Gohan and then back at the kid that was above us fighting something and 
then said, "That's another friend I shared my powers with, his name is David Garcia.  But I 
can't figure how he got here.  The last time I saw David, he was still in my own shadow."
	While I wondered about this David continued to fight with his own problem.  From what 
I could tell it was some kind of vampire, only daylight didn't effect it.  Leave it to David 
to find the weird ones.  As the vampire dove at David, he dodged the attack and shot another 
blast at it.  The vampire dodged it and the blast landed near us.  David then saw where the 
blast landed and then he began to wonder where he was as well.
	"Wait a minute," he said, "Alex is that you down there?"
	"Yeah and I'm just as confused as you are."
	"Alex," Videl muttered, "You mean as in Alex Betts from my school?  I knew it!"
	"Ah man," I moaned, "Thanks a lot David you just ruined my secret identity!"
	"Sorry," he muttered and then he shot another blast at the vampire.  The vampire 
dodged it however and the blast landed near our feet.  I looked into the smoking crater to 
see what David was shooting.  There was something inside so I took it out to see what it was.
	"Hey, what is that thing," Videl asked.
	"Well, it's a cookie," I muttered.
	And as if that was some kind of cue they both face-faulted.  
	"What kind of fighter uses cookies?!" Gohan yelled in disbelief.  
	"Hey I never said he was completely sane," I muttered.
	As we focused our attention back on David and his fight they began to fade away until 
they disappeared, leaving a rainbow effect in the spot that they had been.
	"Hmm I'm going to have to get in contact with Merin or someone else that lives in 
Amber or the Courts," I muttered to myself.
	"Hey wait a minute your still trying to steal that baby dinosaur," Videl yelled.
	So she charged at us again and the fight resumed.  But as I dodged another punch I 
began to receive a trump contact.
	"Oh no, not right now," I muttered to myself as I tried to ignore the contact, "Just 
go away."  
	However that distraction gave Videl the chance to kick me in the gut and somehow I 
felt that one, but it wasn't enough to do a lot of harm.  And the trump contact still wouldn't 
go away.
	"Gohan you're on your own for a few minutes," I told him, and then I dashed off to 
an alley to receive the contact.
	"Who is it?" I asked.
	"Alex it's Merlin again," my friend replied, "I hope I wasn't interrupting anything 
to important."
	"Only another fight," I replied, "So what are you contacting me for."
	"Tell me did something very unusual just happen to you and anyone around you?"
	"Funny you should ask, one of my friends and a monster he was fighting just appeared 
out of nowhere."
	"That is what I thought.  It happened to me as well.  While I was relaxing in my room, 
my father appeared at my bedside.
	"So how do you know he didn't plan to come there?"
	"He was in the middle of eating his dinner.  Also the table he was eating at appeared 
as well.  Then as we were trying to figure out what happened he disappeared as fast as he came."
	"Hmm so what do you think happened?"
	"Well as far as I can tell it looks several shadows overlapped and blended into 
one and then they seperated."
	"Weird, I don't think anything like this has happened before, but I do think the 
Pattern and Logrus have something to do with this.  What other forces could cause shadows 
to act like that?"
	Then a giant shadow fell over me and pasted by, but as it did I heard a roar from 
overhead.  As I looked up I saw two dinosaurs turn around for another pass.  They had to be 
that baby dinosaur's parents.
	"Uh Alex did I just see..." Merlin said trailing off.
	"Yeah those were two dinosaurs," I replied, "Look I'd better help my friend out, 
contact me if you get anymore information."
	"Sure, this just better not be a result of the Pattern and Logrus fighting for power 
again since we balanced out the scale so to speak."
	"Ha knowing them, balancing the power just increased their desire for domination."  
Merlin then passed his hand over the trump and ending the contact.  
	By the time I got back to the area where the trouble was it had already been resolved.  
The owner of the circus stole a cop's gun and threatened to shoot if he didn't get the baby.  
Well Videl threw a pair of handcuffs at the leader to knock the gun out of his hands, but 
this caused the gun to go off by accident.  The gun startled one of the dino's and it attacked 
so Gohan Punched it to avoid anymore problems, but in the process he also cut himself.
	When we got back to capsule corp. we explained the incident to everyone.
	"So now that my identity is blown," I said, "we may as well move on to Amber and the 
Courts."
	"Well when are we going to leave?" Sasami asked.
	"Tomorrow after school, I need to let them all know I'm leaving," I replied.
	"Alex I'm sure you can still help me out, you know cover for me or something," Gohan 
said.
	"Sorry but I was planning on leaving soon anyway, I knew it wouldn't be long before 
Videl found out," I told him.
	"Well good I was getting tired of staying here anyway, having to deal with Vegeta and 
some other people," Ryoko said.
	"Then why have I seen you in the gravity room training with him and both Trunks on 
occasion?" Ayeka asked.
	"Because I need something to do around here," she shot back.
	"Ok that's enough you two, we don't need to wreak any one else's homes," Tenchi said 
trying to prevent another fight between the two girls.
	Well the next day was Monday so I joined Gohan on our way to school.  When we reached 
the school, it was almost time for class to start.
	"Ah man I can't believe it, we're late again," he moaned as the bell rang.
	"Well if you would get up when you alarm clock goes off instead of 'laying back down 
for a few minutes' then we wouldn't have this problem," I told him.
	"Oh so what's your reason for being late?" he shot back at me.
	"Simple," I said, "I'm waiting for you to get out of your house."
	We continued to argue as we went to our lockers, but we stopped talking as a locker 
behind us slammed shut.  We turned around to see who was still in the hall.  Unfortunately it 
was Videl.
	"Well, well, well, late for class again Gohan and Alex or should I say Great Saiyaman 
and Gold Fighter," she said.  Then she reached up and ripped off the Band-Aid on the side of 
Gohan's face.  "Yeah that's what I thought, I saw Saiyaman get cut in the same place so now you 
two can drop the act.
	"Uh no the secret identity of Saiyaman is now public knowledge."
	"Hey only the three of us know and I won't tell anyone if you do me a favor," Videl 
said.
	"Gee, I wonder what that could be," I muttered under my breath.
	She didn't notice and continued, "All you have to do is enter into the World Marshal 
Arts Tournament, both of you.  You see fighting in the tournament won't be any fun unless I 
know the strongest fighters are in it."
	"Well you can go and blab all you like about me," I told Videl, "it doesn't matter 
since everyone knows now, besides I'm saying my good-byes today and then leaving."
	"Sorry Alex but if you both don't enter then I'll tell everyone about Gohan's secret," 
she said.
	"Great just great" I said aggravated, "you see what happens when I help you out Gohan 
you end up dragging me into more and more things."
	"Alex I'm sorry I didn't know this was going to happen," Gohan replied.
	"Fine we'll enter then Videl," I said.
	"Great, oh but there's one more thing," she added, "can you teach me to fly,"
	"Sure why not?" Gohan said.
	"Great, you'll see this'll be a blast," she said and then went into the classroom.
	"Gohan," I said, "When this is all over, I will kill you for it,"
	Well we went to the Capsule corp. after school to find Gohan a replacement for his 
helmet.  
	"So you two are being blackmailed again?" Bulma asked.
	"Yeah, now we have to fight in the World Martial Arts Tournament," Gohan answered. "But 
they don't allow head protection so I need a replacement for the helmet."
	"Sure just give me a few minutes," Bulma replied and then went to work.  A few minutes 
later she came back with a pair of sunglasses and a bandana.
	"Here try these on and see what you think," she said.
	"Wow I love it, this is what I call style!" Gohan exclaimed.  "Hey Trunks what do you 
think?"
	At that time both of the boys with lavender hair were in the room.  The child dropped 
the soda he was drinking while the other simply starred at Gohan.
	"Yeah it's great," they both said in union.
	"Just make sure you like it since you're going to have a picture of you wearing it 
when you win," Bulma added.
	"Oh, who says he is going to win?" Vegeta said as he walked in.
	"Who else would?" Bulma asked.
	"Why non-other than yours truly," he answered.
	"Hey have you people forgotten about me!" I demanded to know.
	"Oh sorry about that Alex," Bulma said.
	"Trust me when I beat that fool Hurcule, no one will forget me," I replied.
	"Hey Trunks why don't both of you enter as well?" I asked.
	"Sure it sounds fun to me," Young Trunks replied.
	"Well I guess I have to agree with myself on this one," Future Trunks said.
	"Well it sounds fun, I think I'll fight too," a voice said.  We looked around but 
we couldn't find anyone, then we looked up and saw Ryoko Hovering above us.  "Too bad I won't 
be able to convince Ayeka to enter as well," she sighed.
	"And I'll enter too," said another voice, but we couldn't find it, and we wouldn't 
be able to find this one.  Then Gohan realized who it was.
	"Dad," Gohan said, "Is that you, please tell me that's you."
	"Hi Gohan, it's good to hear your voice again," Gohan's father, Goku, said.
	"I don't believe it," the older Trunks muttered, "He's talking to us from the dead."
	"Trunks neither of you have been telling the truth about Gohan's costume, have you?"
	"So Kakkarote, How are you planning on fighting in the tournament when you're dead?" 
Vegeta asked.
	"Well it appears that I'm granted one day back on Earth," Goku replied.
	"At last Kakkarote I'm finally going to get the chance to fight you again," Vegeta 
said, more than ready to settle his grudge.
	"Well I got to go for now Gohan but be sure to tell everybody the good news," Goku 
said, and then he broke the contact.
	"Well Gohan you tell everybody else about the tournament, I'll check and see if the 
anyone else here want's to enter," I said.
	So Gohan took off and I talked to the Girls, Tenchi, and Will to see if they were 
interested.  Will was the only one that wanted to enter.  Fighting in the tournament wasn't 
something Tenchi was into and it just didn't interest the rest of the girls.  When Gohan got 
back home he called, and said that Krillin, Android 18, and Piccolo would also enter.  That 
night I talked to Will and Ryoko to explain the training we would have.
	"Ok, here's what we're going to do," I began, "We are going to train the way Master 
Roshi trained Goku and Krillin as kids.  Now since we are a lot stronger than they were when 
they went through the training, we are going to have too increase the quality in the training."
	"So what is that old man's way of training anyway?" Ryoko asked.
	"Well you wear weighted turtle shells that make doing even the simplest thing 
unbelievably hard," I explained, "Also you perform various tasks that train all your muscles 
and abilities.  Now there are several things Goku and Krillin did that we will do as well or 
at least similar things and then there are those that are getting thrown out the window.  Now 
tomorrow early morning we begin, so get to bed early and enjoy your last relaxed day before the 
training begins."
	The next day I got up at before the sun was up and went to wake Will and Ryoko.  
	"Ok Will and Ryoko the training begins now," I said.  They opened their eyes long 
enough to look at me and then they went back to sleep.
	"Well I tried being nice about it," I muttered.  Then I shoot an energy blast at each 
of their beds.
	Immediately, both of them rolled out of bed and onto the floor, to avoid catching on 
fire.  
	"Ok I'm awake Alex," Will muttered.
	"You could have gave us five more minutes," Ryoko complained.
	"Your training has begun and that means no slacking around or falling behind 
schedule," I told them.
	They both sat up partway and then fell back down.  Then they tried to get up again and 
fell onto the floor.
	"Hey Alex what did you do to my cloths?" Ryoko demanded to know.
	"Alex this isn't funny," Will then said.
	"It's not suppose to be," I replied, " Instead of using turtle shells you cloths are 
now weighted."
	"What did you do, pour lead into the seams?" Will asked.
	"No I just increase their weight," I said, "you see you may not notice it but your 
bodies will adjust to the weight that your clothes are bearing down on you. As a result of 
that when the cloths are wearing returned to normal you will notice a great increase in 
strength."
	"Alex I just hope you can still fly faster than both of us because when this training 
ends we will kill you," Ryoko said.
	"Oh man I forgot," I said, "Ryoko you just reminded me, I'm suppose to help Gohan give 
Videl flying lessons."
	"Hmm this gives me an Idea," I muttered.  So I walked over to Tenchi's bed and woke 
him up as well."
	"Alex it's not even daylight why are you getting me up?"  Tenchi asked.
	"Well Gohan and I are suppose to give this girl flying lessons so I think it's about 
time you grew your own wings as well," I replied.
	"Um Alex are you sure this will work?" Tenchi asked.
	"Trust me," I told him, "everyone can fly they just have to learn how."
	"So Alex where are your weighed cloths at?"  Will asked.
	"I already have them on," I replied.
	"There's no way those can't be, your walking around just fine," Ryoko said.
	"Oh, well while you two were sleeping I was trying to get use to performing normal 
actions with all this weight on," I shot back.
	"Ok prove it," Will said.
	"Oh you want proof," I said, "ok how's this?"  Then I took off a wristband I had on 
and held it out over the floor and let go.  The wristband fell from my hand and broke through 
the floor and continued on to the bottom floor where it made a two-foot hole. 
	"So do you still think I'm bluffing?" I asked and then added, "Oh and that is the 
lightest on my training clothes too."  I then got the wristband and came back up to our floor.
	"Now is everyone ready?" I asked. 
	"Yeah we're good," Will replied.
	"Ok then let's get going," I said.
	As we stepped out side, I summoned the Flying Nimbus for Tenchi to ride on.
	"Um are you sure this thing is safe to ride on?" Tenchi asked.
	"Don't worry Tenchi," I told him, "As long as you're pure of heart you can ride the 
Nimbus."
	"Why can't we ride the Nimbus?" Will asked.
	"First we are training, so we don't get to do things the easy way," I answered, "and 
second none of us are pure of heart so we can't ride it."
"So how are we going to get to Gohan's house?" Will asked.
"We run there," I replied, "But we also have to carry two buckets of water as well."
Will and Ryoko's jaw's hit the ground at this news.  So we grabbed our buckets and began our 
first phase of training.

Author's notes: Ok another chapter is down and now I'm out of school so I have more time to 
work on these stories.  I'll try and get to the tournament in the next chapter to where Goten 
and Trunks have their fight in the junior division.  Anyway if you want to 
E-mail me about my stories my E-mail is alex8525@yahoo.com or you can AIM me, my screen name 
is trunks2585.
