           Dark Rain SAGA

This story is based on the Tenchi Muyo OVA series
after second season and the DBZ series after Freeza
but before the Cell saga. All characters in this story
are not mine, I don't own them nor do I want to.
Tenchi Muyo is property of AIC and Pioneer and DBZ is
property of FUNimation Productions, Inc., so don't sue
me because I have no money. Once again these
characters are not mine but this story is so don't
anyone try to rip it off.

Chapter one---1 Here We Go Again

        High above the clouds of earth at Commi's
lookout a devastating battle was taking place between
Vageta and Goku. It originally started as a friendly
training match but now has escalated to the point
where both men are truly trying to kill one another.
Gohan, Krillin and Piccolo all look on with terror as
the two super Saiyans throw everything they got at one
another. Goku's kamehameha attack hit Vageta and he
was momentarily stunned, but when Goku went in for the
kill Vageta dodged and unlashed his own barge of
energy balls.
        Goku tried his best at blocking Vageta's attack but
his defenses where soon penetrated and he was knocked
to the ground. Vageta now wishing to end this as
quickly as possible powered up for his most powerful
energy blast. Goku saw this and prepared one of his
own. Both released their attacks at the same time and
the two energy beams collide with each other.
        The explosion from this impact was so great that it
split the lookout into two parts neither of witch
could no longer stay in the air and begin to fall to
earth. The entire group, knocked unconscious by the
blast fell to earth as well.

Meanwhile....

        Tenchi is taking a break near the lake after working
for 4 straight hours in the fields. "Dam that kabit,
she eats enough karats to feed a country", he mumbled
quietly. Tenchi listened to the birds chirping as he
lied down on the soft grass that surrounds the lake.
Suddenly he noticed something in the sky above. At
first it looked like a shooting star but as it got
closer Tenchi realized that it was something
different. Suddenly everything got very quiet, the
birds stopped their sinning and the wind no longer
made a sound as it bend the branches of the trees.
         Before he could even stand up a giant chunk of rock
hit the ground two feet from his head. Then another a
few feet from his legs only this one much bigger.
Tenchi sat up as he saw a chunk of granite the size of
a house heading directly for him. Without even
thinking about it he grabbed his sword from his pocket
and clutched it. Instantly light hack wings appear in
front of him just in time to shatter a ten-ton bolder.
Tenchi leaped up and ran for cover as stones of all
sizes rained down on him from the sky.
        As he reached the tree line of the forest near his
house he heard a huge explosion. Spinning around he
saws the two main parts of the lookout land in the
lake and shatter even further. The loud noise was gone
just as quickly as it came and a defining silence took
over. The birds having flown off and the sounds of
animals silenced Tenchi is now standing alone in total
shock of what just happened.  Still in disbelief he
slowly peered out at lake. Unable to make anything out
at this distance he decided to take a closer look.
Slowly and with much hesitation Tenchi made his way to
the edge lake and looked down.
The surface of the once calm lake was now scared by
the chunks of stone that were sticking out at various
points. Suddenly something caught Tenchi's eye, among
the rubble he could see a hand. Only this hand is
green and covers with strange bumps.
        "Weird" Tenchi said to himself as he clutched his
sword harder. "Well it's not like this is the first
time this kind of thing happened" Tenchi added as he
thought of his five houseguests. He cautiously waded
into the lake and walked over the protruding green
hand. He reached out to touch it when the hand
suddenly come back to life and grabbed him. "AAAA" was
the only sound Tenchi could make as terror swept over
him. The hand tightened its grip. Tenchi pulled his
hand back and the alien hand seemed come out with it.
        Only the hand had a body attached to it, and it
looked even stranger then the arm. The man regained
his strength and stood on his own two feet. Having let
go of Tenchi's hand he was now surveying the damage.
"God dam assholes trying to kill one another for no
good reason", he said. The strange man turned to
Tenchi, "thanks kid, that was close". Tenchi just
stood there staring at the 6ft green men which antenna
coming out of his hand.
        "Did you see any of the others?" he asked. Tenchi
forced himself to speak, "no"
"The stay out of my way kid" he said as a white light
formed around his body. The next thing Tenchi saw was
him lifting of the ground and flying over the lake.
One by one the man pulled others out of the water. He
laid them on the beach and continued his search. So
far there was a human boy no older then 12 and another
human man who was bold and short. Finally the green
man came back carrying the last survivors one in each
arm, both had black hair but one was taller and
wearing an orange uniform while the other was short
and wearing blue armor.
        Tenchi stood looking down at the unconscious people.
"Are they goanna be all right?" he asked.
"I don't know." Replied the stranger, "Do you know
where we can take them to rest?"
"The only place around here is my house", said Tenchi
"Where is it?" he asked
"Just over there" Tenchi answered pointing to the
three-storied house some 50 yards away.
"O.K then lets get them inside." The man said lifting
up the boy.
        With some effort on Tenchi's behalf and with the aid
of the stranger everyone was soon inside. The living
room was quickly turned into a triage and the fallen
fighters were laid side by side on the floor. "I'll go
get some help", Tenchi said walking out of the room to
find the others. As he was walked throe the house
Tenchi wondered where everyone was.
"Let's see" he said to himself "dad and grandpa went
into town to buy groceries and Washu was busy in her
lab. But where was everyone else. As he passed from
room to room he noticed that no one was around. "They
could be in one place them" he thought "the bath".
He stood in front of the entrance to the female bath
and knocked several times but there was no answer.
Tenchi knew there was only one way in or out of this
huge floating pool that Washu had constructed and the
many artificial waterfalls and whirlpools would make
it hard for anyone to hear a knock. Deciding that this
was an emergence and that the girls would understand
he made a bold move, sliding open the door he walked
it.  He closed his eyes just to be safe and took a few
steps inside.
Suddenly he felt a pair of hands on his chest the
where feminine yet very strong, because the held him
in place. "Tenchi!!, you naughty boy" he head Ryoko
say as she squeezed him to her naked body. Tenchi
could feel the blood start to trickle out of his nose.
"Stop it this instant" he heard another voice. "Leave
lord Tenchi alone" he heard Ayeka say. "Guys some
people just crashed in our lake, they need help",
having delivered the message Tenchi tried to leave but
Ryoko held him tighter. "Common it's an emergence" he
said. "This looks like a job for the galaxy police" he
heard yet another voice, witch was followed by
footsteps and a then the sound of someone slipping.
"Ouch that hurt" said Mihoshi as she landed on her
but.
        Tenchi managed to wrestle himself away from Ryoko and
tried to grope his way to the exit only his hand
grabbed something that he shouldn't have and all hell
broke lose. Ayeka let out a short scream as Ryoko
giggled, "Tenchi you wont find anything good there try
groping here". Tenchi opened his eyes to see that his
hand was squarely on Ayeka breast. Tenchi quickly
removed his hand and tried to shut his eyes once more.
Ryoko who seemed completely oblivious to what Tenchi
just said grabbed his hand and tried to draw it to her
chest. Blood was now poring from both of Tenchi's
nostrils.
He wrenched his hand from Ryoko's grip and made a run
for it. Having cleared the door Tenchi stopped to
catch his breath and waited for the girls to come out.
The first person out was Sasami carrying ryo'oki. I
saw the whole thing Tenchi; you're a naughty boy
aren't you. Tenchi blushed a deep shade of red and
hung his head. “Yes I am Sasami, I'm sorry but it was
an emergency. Didn't you hear the explosion?"
        "No, the bath is soundproof remember, Washu made it
that way", said Sasami. "Oh yah" Tenchi replied, "that
reminds me I have to go and get her out of her lab."
Tenchi knew that Washu's medical expertise was needed
to tend to their new guests. Wiping the blood from his
face Tenchi made his way o his former closet under the
stairs, which now served as a dimensional portal to
Washu's lab.
        As he opened the door he came face to face with the
short scientist. "I know why you're here I picked up
the crash on my sensor net" said Washu. "There a
several people injured Washu ", said Tenchi "we need
you help". "That shouldn't be a problem for a genius
like me," said Washu. With that she darted back inside
her lab and reappeared a minute later dressed in her
nurse uniform. Together they walked into the living
room to find the rest of the girls already there.
        Washu walked over to the unconscious fighters and
looked down at them. "Hum, they look bad, but I think
I know how to wake them up", she said. With that Washu
extended her hands out and a transparent laptop formed
at her fingertips. She typed a few lines and a black
portal appeared out of nowhere. She reached in and
pulled out a bucket full of water. She took it and
splashed the contents onto the four men on the floor.
        Immediately the all began to move. The first to get
up was the tall man wearing the orange uniform,
followed by the man in the blue armor. The two smaller
guys woke up next. "You ok?" asked the green man.
"Yah" they all said in union. The next to speak was
the short baled man "hey Picalo where are we?"
        "I don't know exactly, somewhere in Japan I think".
Picalo turned to Tenchi and gave him a small smirk of
a smile. He then turned to the man in the orange
uniform. "Goku this is the guy who helped me save
you". Tenchi still somewhat shocked with all that had
happened in the last 10 min managed to say, "it was
nothing". As the men stood up the one in the blue
armor looked around and then set his sights on the
girls that where all gathered in the corner of the
room looking on with great interest.
        "You servant girl get me a towel", he said pointing
to Ayeka. She immediately turned read from anger.
Before anyone even the saiyans had time to react she
was standing next to Vegeta, her face had an
expression of anger so deep that even the proud prince
leaned away in fear. Her eyes focused on him and her
hands balled up into tight fists. What came next was a
ten-minute speech on how to properly address crown
princes of the Jurain Empire.
By the time she finished Vegeta had taken several
steps back and assumed a defensive position just in
case she would like to make it physical. Ayeka ended
her long speech with the words "and if you ever speak
to me that way I will truly make you regret the day
you where brought into this universe." Everyone stood
in shock, Vageta tried to retaliate, "Why of all the
nerve..." he began to say but was immediately cut of
by the small boy. "Dad?"
        "Yes Gohan" I think that blast took more out of me
then I thought. I need to rest somewhere."
"You can go rest in my room", said Sasami grabbing by
the arm and dragging him upstairs.
"Dad?" he started to say again
"Go with her Gohan, if that's ok with you" he turned
to Tenchi
"It's fine" he replied
"Krillin, how about you do you need to rest" asked
Gohan
"No I'm fine" he replied while looking around the
living room.
"I think we should sit down and try to sort this out",
said Tenchi with a confused look on his face.
Everyone agreed because the situation had truly been
confusing and no one from Tenchi's household truly
knew what was going on.

        The furniture in the small living room was rearranged
and moved to accommodate the four new visitors. Tenchi
sat on the couch with Ayeka and Ryoko on either side
of him and Mihoshi sat on the coffee table in front of
them. Goku and Piccolo sat in individual chairs that
where brought in from the kitchen. Crilin sat near
Washu in the loveseat and Vageta sat in the Leather
chair in the corner of the room trying not to pay
attention to everyone else.
        Tenchi was the first to break the silence.
"Can you please tell me who you are?"
"No problem" said Goku, "I'm sorry to be rude but I
forgot to introduce everyone. My name is Goku the
short guy is Krillin and the green guy is called
Picalo, he's a namek.
"I see said" Ayeka, "you people have always been
considered loyal friends of the Jurian empire."
"I am no one's friend," responded Picalo dusting the
dirt of his white robe.
"Sorry, he's got a bad attitude" Goku said with a
forced smile "Moving on that thing in the corner is
Vageta, he is a Saiyan just like me, and he's the
reason we are all here"
"Me!!," Yelled Vageta "How dear you speak that way to
the king of all Saiyans!, Mark my words I will make
you will pay"
        With that he stood up and began to glow, suddenly his
hair turned a golden yellow and his eyes changed from
black to blue. The short-balled man grabbed Washu and
before she could say anything pushed her behind the
loveseat along with him. Piccolo on the other hand
just continued to sit there but Tenchi could tell that
even he was worried, so he jumped behind the couch and
motioned for the girls to follow him.
        Goku stud up and transformed the same way Vegeta did,
and now the two men where facing each other with
focused looks on their faces. Meanwhile Washu began to
type on her laptop collecting all the data she could
on this strange duo. "Dam, they look like their goanna
tear this house down", said Tenchi as he covered his
head with his arms, just in case. "Wow" said Mihoshi
"I wish I could change my hair color that way"
        "This isn't the time for this", said Ayeka "I know
haw to deal with their kind" she said as she stood up
and walked between the two fighters
"What are you doing!!", Yelled Goku "that Guy is
dangerous, you have to let me deal with him"
Ayeka simply stood there.
        This was too much for Vegeta's patience, he had
waited to long for his revenge and no woman would stop
him from having it. With that the super Saiyan powered
up a massive energy ball and released it at Ayeka.
Tenchi and the others could only watch as the ball hit
her squarely in the chest, but to everyone's surprise
it did nothing. The energy blast simply disappeared.
Vageta scowled and stopped glowing. "It's true then"
He said with anger still burning in his eyes "You are
a true Jurayan"
"No wonder my people could never conquer your race.
It's your dam ability to absorb energy and shield
yourselves form all attacks"
"Not only could you people do nothing to harm us, I
remember the former king of Jurie obliterating several
thousand of your solders with just one attack." said
Ayeka with a smirk" Last I heard you entire race was
destroyed by Freeza"
"They where" replied Goku, "but I destroyed him" Goku
now stopped glowing as well. Seeing this Tenchi
crawled out from behind the couch and walked over to
Ayeka. Ryoko saw this and followed him. Mihoshi, who
had fallen asleep somewhere along the line, lay
forgotten behind the couch.
        Washu and Krillin joined them as well, although Washu
was paying more attention to the display of her laptop
then the conversation. Piccolo who was still sitting
in his chair looked over at the group briefly before
closing his eyes.
"Please stop" said Tenchi with concern in his face
"You can't fight in here you'll destroy my house".
Tenchi immediately remembered giving the same plea to
Ryoko and Ayeka that morning then he looked up to the
ceiling where there was a large hole, throe which he
could see part of his room. "I'm doomed" he though.
But much to his surprise the two men sat back down in
their seats.
        Vageta was first to speak," I though Freeza destroyed
your race as well, Jurian"
"He almost did" Said Ayeka "But Yosho defeated him and
made him leave us alone"
"I see", replied Goku "Looks like somebody other then
me defeated Freeza"
"Well not defeated, more like slowed down, you see
Yosho and the others of my bloodline were able hold of
Freeza, but many perished while doing so. Eventually
he got board with us and left" said Ayeka
        Seeing his chance to avoid another battle in his
house Tenchi quickly offered the others to sleep at
his house for the rest of the night. Goku Krillin
accepted with a lot of thanks. Vageta and Picalo
remained perfectly still as if not caring. The others
took it as a sine that they were staying as well and
so began the task of finding everyone a place to
sleep.
        Because Nobuyuki wasn't returning with Yosho until
late the next day Tenchi let Krillin and Goku share
his Room. Gohan who fell asleep in the princess's room
was allowed to stay to avoid waking him. As for the
namek he stayed in the living room in his chair
refusing to move. He simply shut his eyes and began to
meditate.
        Finally Vageta was shown to Tenchi's room.
"I hope you sleep well", Tenchi said as he showed
Vageta throe the door. To which Vageta only scowled
once more and shut the door in his face. Tenchi was
now pleased that the house was quiet once more and no
new holes were added to the walls. Then suddenly it
dawned on him in all the confusion of finding everyone
a place to sleep he had forgotten about himself.
        “Well if all the rooms were taken then there was only
one course of action, sleep in the men's bath."
Groaning at the thought of spending the entire night
in a bathtub Tenchi grabbed his pillow and headed down
stairs. On his way down he felt eyes following him,
without even looking he knew who it was. "What is it
Ryoko" he said with tiredness in his voice
        "Tenchi how did you know I was there?" she replied as
she materialized out of nowhere behind him. "It like
were somehow connected Tenchi" she said with watery
eyes.
"Ryoko I don't have time, I have to get some sleep
before tomorrows chores", said Tenchi walking down the
steps "now if you don't mind I have a date with the
bathtub.
        What happened next didn't surprise Tenchi one bit, he
felt Ryoko hand around his chest crushing the airflow
to his body. "Don't go Tenchi, I can't stand the
though of you sleeping in a bathtub all knight" said
Ryoko tightening her grip. "Ryoko please ugh" Tenchi
managed to say while trying not to pass out from the
lack of oxygen. Breaking her grip he continued down.
"But Tenchi" said Ryoko. "It's the only unoccupied
room in the house" he replied
As he got to the bottom of the stair he could still
sense that Ryoko was following him. Frustrated and
tired Tenchi stopped and turned around to face her.
"Yes what now" he said
"Tenchi" Ryoko replied "you can sleep in my room, I
can rig you up another hammock and you'll be bettor of
there then in that tiny bath tub.
        For some reason her request didn't sound all that
distasteful. Perhaps it was the way she said it, with
sincerity and concern for him and not with her usual
fun loving way. Tenchi thought about it, "can I really
do this, nah the second she gets me up there she's
goanna jump on me and won't be able to get her off."
        "Thanks Ryoko" Tenchi said rubbing the back off his
neck, "but I rather not"
Ryoko seemed hurt for just a moment, her face cringed
slightly as if something had gust gabbed her. The she
regained her composure and let out a small laugh,"
common Tenchi it might be fun we can even share a
hammock together" she said in a deep seductive voice
that made Tenchi shake slightly. Then without
bothering to hear Tenchi's reply she disappeared into
the nearest wall.
        Tenchi could tell that he really hurt her this time.
"She did her best to hide it but I can tell that she's
upset" Tenchi said to himself. For a moment he just
stood there not knowing what to do. The bath was only
a few feet away but somehow he just couldn't go in.
Part of this was due to the guilt over how he handled
the situation with Ryoko.
        Finally he turned around and began to walk upstairs.
He didn't think about it he just did it. He reached
the stairs to the attic and began to clime. Unlike the
other rooms in the house that where warm and inviting
the attic was bear and cold. A small lamp that was
hanging from the ceiling was the only light and it
only illuminated in a three-foot radius.
        He could see a hammock suspended between two support
beams. At first it appeared to be unoccupied but as he
moved closer he saw Ryoko lying on her stomach. As he
got even closer he realized that she wasn't wearing
anything, but by then it was too late she had herd him
coming and toward him. Tenchi froze, unable to even
shut he eyes. Ryoko sat up and looked at him. He could
tell by her face that she had been crying. She blushed
slightly but before he could turn away she stood up
and a robe materialized over her body.  Ryoko walked
up to him "Tenchi"
"I sorry I was so rude to you" replied Tenchi "can I
still sleep here?"
"Oh Tenchi, of course you can" said Ryoko, her face
now bright with joy. In seconds all the seines of her
former state were erased. "Just a sec" she said and
before he knew what was going on, Ryoko set up a
second hammock dangerously close beside hers. Tenchi
thought about saying something but decided not to risk
upsetting her again.
        He watched as she pulled out a spare blanket from a
small storage compartment beneath her hammock and
placed it on his. "There you go Tenchi", she said with
a sweet smile on her face. Tenchi had never seen her
smile like that before, it was always a mischievous or
malevolent grin that occupied her face, but this time
it was different. "Thanks" he said trying to smile
Tenchi placed his pillow on the hammock and lay down.
He looked over to where Ryoko was but she no longer
stood there. He glanced over to her hammock just as
she materialized there. She turned to him and looked
into his eyes.
        Trying not to stare back he attempted to cover
himself. The attic was the coldest room in the house
even during the summer months. He looked over at her
again and found that she was still looking at him, her
golden catlike eyes studied his face. Tenchi noticed
that she was still lying in her thin robe that only
covered her upper body.
"Hey aren't you cold" Tenchi asked
"No" she replied, rolling over onto her back "Washu
made sure of that when she created me, I don't get hot
or cold and I don't sleep"
"Don't sleep?" asked Tenchi
"That's right, maybe now and then just for fun, but I
can go several months without it"
"Then what do you do up here at night? Doesn't it get
lonely?" he asked
"Who says I spend the entire night here, maybe I spend
it in your room looking at you as you sleep" Ryoko
said turning to him, a small smile appeared across her
lips, the kind that made Tenchi shake ever so
slightly"
"That's not funny Ryoko," said Tenchi
"Ow, I'm just having fun with you" she replied but
something in her voice made Tenchi still doubt her
sincerity. Deciding that continuing the conversation
was too much trouble he rolled over and tried to get a
few hours of sleep before dawn came and he would have
to deal with his newest houseguests.

Next chapter----Order from Confusion…

--------------------------------------------------------
This was my first fanfic and I hope that you liked it.
If you did or if you hated it please Email me at
arshak999@yahoo.com. Any comments, ideas or death
treats would be greatly appreciated.
