Dark Rain SAGA

This story is based on the Tenchi Muyo OVA series
after second season and the DBZ series after Freeza
but before the Cell saga. All characters in this story
are not mine, I don't own them nor do I want to.
Tenchi Muyo is property of AIC and Pioneer and DBZ is
property of FUNimation Productions, Inc., so don't sue
me because I have no money. This is the second chapter
in the saga. Once again these characters are not mine
but this story is so don't anyone try to rip it off.
----Zerofun999

Chapter two.... Order from Confusion

The night came and went and the sun once again began
its steady rise out of the hills towards the sky.
Tenchi awoke quite suddenly when he felt someone's
head on chest. Opening one eye he saw that Ryoko had
rolled over in her sleep and was now suspended between
the two hammocks. Her head resting comfortably on his
chest while her body still lay across her hammock.
Ryoko's left arm was around Tenchi's torso and was
giving him a gentle squeeze.
        For a moment Tenchi thought about going back to sleep
but decided against it, if Ayeka or one of the other
girls found them like this there would be hell to pay.
The thought of his newest guests came to Tenchi's mind
and he sprang awake. "Crap I have to get those guys
out of my house before Dad and Yosho return.
        As far as Tenchi knew the saiyans and Yosho had past
history and didn't care for one another. Tenchi tried
to slide out from under Ryoko but found that
impossible as she kept tightening her grip around him.
Finally Tenchi nudged her until her eyelids parted and
her eyes shone at hi once more.
"Tenchi" Ryoko said with a big yawn, "I usually don't
sleep this well when I am alone, you where wonderful".
Tenchi cringed when Ryoko moved her head from his
chest and stopped it next to his. "How about a good
morning kiss" she said putting both arms on Tenchi's
chest and leaning closer to him. "Ryoko stop I have a
lot to do today" he said as he pushed Ryoko of him.
Standing up Tenchi knew that he had to get downstairs
as soon as possible.
        Ryoko remained in her hammock as Tenchi left, a look
of frustration across her face "dam I was so close"
she thought. Tenchi walked down the stairs and into
the living room where he saw that Piccolo was still in
his chair, only now he was hovering a few inches in
the air. One of his eyes opened as Tenchi passed him.
Piccolo turned his head and faced him. "Good morning"
Tenchi said trying to sound cheerful, but the namek
didn't respond. He stopped his floating and descended
back into his seat.
"What time is it?" he said as he stretched his arms
"It's about 6, I think," said Tenchi  " I'll go see if
breakfast is ready".
With that he turned to leave.
"I guess I'll go wake the others," said Piccolo
getting up
As Tenchi walked into the kitchen he could smell the
delicious aroma of fried rice and miso soup. Sasami as
usual had already finished cooking most of the
breakfast and was now sitting at the Table with Gohan
who was eating the food with great hunger.
"This is as good as my mom's," he said between bites
"Thank you!" said Sasami with a big smile
"Hi Sasami" Said Tenchi, "breakfast smells good"
"HI Tenchi!" said Sasami "I'll go get you a plate"
with that she ran to the cupboard.
Tenchi took a seat across from the boy and looked with
amassment as he polished of three helpings of rice.
"Wow" he said, "the only person I know that eats like
that is Ryoko"
"I'm sorry" Gohan replied putting down his chopsticks
"No, please," said Tenchi "Or else you'll upset
Sasami"
Gohan smiled and began eating the backed fish. Just
then Goku and Krillin walked. "Hey dad, hey Krillin"
said Goku looking up from his plate. "Hi " said the
two in union. Tenchi watched them sit down on either
side of Gohan. Sasami ran back and got more plates and
soon everyone was eating. Suddenly there came a loud
crash from upstairs. Everybody in the kitchen dropped
what they where eating and ran into the living room.
The first to reach the stairs was Goku, when he looked
up he saw Vageta running down with his hands holding
his head.
"That women is insane, she's crazy get her away from
me" he yelled as he ran past the crowd of confused
people. Just behind him Ayeka dressed in nothing but a
towel, along with azaka and kamadaki where in hot
pursuit. The two guardians surrounded the prince of
saiyans and erected a force field to trap him. Vegeta
let loose a barrage of energy balls at the two wooden
logs but they were able to shield them selves in time.
        Tenchi, against his better judgment ran over to Ayeka
to try to calm her down. "Ayeka stop!" he yelled as
she gave the trapped Vegeta a blast of her own.
"Tenchi, stay out of this" she said with an enraged
look on her face, "do you know what this mongrel did!"
With that she let another shock of energy throe her
force field, which knocked the saiyan of his feet.
"This pervert was in the woman's bath spying on me,
I've never been so insulted in my life!"
"Ayeka please, he must have an explanation" Tenchi
said turning to Vageta, "You do, don't you?"
"I refuse to use that disgusting hell hole you call a
men's bath" Yelled Vageta "I, am the King of all
saiyans and I deserve nothing but the best, now
release me or pay the consequences"
"He deserves to be taught a lesson," yelled Ayeka
letting lose another shock
"Please Ayeka I'm sure he didn't mean anything by it"
said Tenchi "now please let him go I'm sure he's
sorry" Ayeka turned to Tenchi and looked into his eyes
"It is because you and only you ask me that am I
letting him go, if it where anyone else, this fool
would be dead by now"
        The force field disappeared and Vegeta stood up.
Dusting his cloths off he glared at the other
occupants of the room. "Well what are you all searing
at, haven't you ever seen a price before" he said
"Let go finish breakfast" said Sasami leading everyone
back into the kitchen
Ayeka went upstairs to get changed and Tenchi went
looking for Piccolo. As everyone cleared the living
room a very aching GP officer crawled out from behind
the couch, the night of sleeping on the floor had left
her very stiff. Sniffing the air she smiled and gave a
joyful squeal "yay breakfast" with that she dusted
herself off and ran to eat.
        Upstairs Tenchi searched from room to room for the
namek only to find him slumped against the wall near
the woman's bath. "That girl has some punch," he
mumbled as Tenchi helped him to his feet. "Are you
goanna be OK?" asked Tenchi
"Yha, no problem" he answered as he walked down the
stairs to join the others.
        Now Tenchi turned his attention to Washu, who he had
to call for breakfast. This meant him going into her
lab alone, something Tenchi tried to avoid at all
costs. "Perhaps today she'll be to busy to try to get
a sample out of me," he thought as he made his way to
his former closet under the stairs. When he got to the
door he saw a sine taped to the handle, it read "to
anyone who is foolish enough to enter, please note
that I am very busy disturb me at your own risk."
        Tenchi took this as a sine that Washu didn't want to
eat and turned to leave. Suddenly he felt arms
wrapping around his stomach, they grip tighter and
stopped him. "Ryoko I don't have time for this" he
said breaking her grip. "Ow common Tenchi, we slept
together the least you can do is give me a hug now and
then." Tenchi cringed at her comment. The two walked
into the kitchen together ant took a seat at the
overcrowded table.
        The mounds of food that Sasami had prepared where
reduced too nothing in only a few minutes and
everybody got up to leave. Just then Tenchi herd his
grandfather's voice coming from the front hall.
"Tenchi" Yosho called "Come hear and help your father
and me with the groceries."
"That's it I'm done for," he thought as he ran from
the kitchen. He found his father and grandfather
carrying in boxes of food. He ran to the car and
removed the last of the packages and carried them back
into the house.
        As he walked into the kitchen he saw everyone on
their feet and in a circle around Yosho and Vegeta.
The two men glared at each other. "So you highness"
said Vegeta with a smirk "I thought that Freeza took
care of you a long time ago. Looks like your hiding
out here and I thought that you where a true warrior."
        At least I had the courage to stand up to him coward,
I didn't turn my back to my people and become his
servant like you did!" replied Yosho with a raised
voice, something that Tenchi had really seen. "I
wouldn't talk to me that way if I where you, I am a
super Saiyan now and I am much stronger then Freeza
ever was" said Vegeta as he powered up. Again a glow
consumed his body and his hair and eyes change color.
        Yosho stood there calmly, "I see you've gotten
stronger but you are still no match for a true Jurain
prince." I've seen what you people can do said Vageta,
that little princes over there has a few tricks but
nothing compared to my power."
"Fool!" said Yosho, "females only poses significant
defensive powers, me and Tenchi on the other hand
poses the true power of Jurie"
"I will show you true power old man," said Vegeta
clenching his fists.
"If you want to fight I suggest we take this outside",
said Yosho "I'd hate for Tenchi to lose his house over
you" Vegeta gave a quick smile to everyone and in a
flash of light he was through the kitchen door and in
the small field in the back of the house. Yosho
followed, only he walked calmly with his head held
high. The others followed closely behind.
        Tenchi saw Goku walking alone and walked over to him.
"Do you think Vegeta has a chance?" he asked. "What
makes you think Vegeta is the one in trouble?" replied
the Saiyan
"I don't know," said Tenchi "I mean I saw him defeated
by Ayeka and she's not as powerful as my Grandfather"
"I think Vegeta was just fooling around with her, I
mean I saw her power level and he could have easily
destroyed that force field if he wanted to, but I
think he didn't want to hurt her" said Goku
"Are you saying he likes her?" said Tenchi with a
shoed look on his face
"I don't know," said Goku, "but Vegeta would not have
calmed down that quickly if he was trapped and
attacked by a woman."
        The two walked outside after the others, Nobuyuki was
standing in shock at the sight of the flying man. As
Tenchi tried to comfort him the only thing Nobuyouki
could do was faint. The saiyan hovered closer to the
ground and faced Yosho, "Since your grandson showed me
hospitality I will make this as quick as possible"
"Thank you" said Yosho, I'll try to do the same but I
can't promise it won't hurt". Having said their peace
the two men continued to face each other, each man
glared at the other. Suddenly Vegeta lunched forward,
his fist stretching to wards Yosho face. However when
he reached him Yosho was no longer there but several
feet away with his back turned to the confused
fighter. Vegeta quickly changed directions this time
setting up for a kick. This time Yosho ducked out of
the way and grabbed Vegeta's leg.
        "If this is your true power then you already lost the
match," yelled Yosho as he used the leg to throw the
Saiyan into the grown. Vegeta began to slide across
the dirt but manned to use his hands to stop and flip
upright. "You'll pay for that Jurain scum," screamed
Vageta as he lunched himself at the old fighter again.
His speed caught the Shrine master of guard, before
anybody saw what happened Yosho was on the ground.
"Impressive, saiyan" said Yosho as he catapulted him
self to his feet. Wiping away a small trickle of blood
at the corner of his mouth Yosho began to glow.
        "Suddenly Yosho no longer looked like an old man. His
glasses disappeared as did his gray hair, they where
replaced by the features of a man in his mid twenties.
The shrine master's face was now longer riddled with
rankles and he seemed to have put on some muscle.
Yosho now stood looking at his opponent, a smile
darted across his face as he vanished into thin air.
"Carp!' said Ryoko "That guy is done for now, I've
seen him like that before and trust me it's not
pretty"
Ayeka began cheering, "Go big brother show him why
it's not wise to tangle with the Royal family of
Jurie". Vageta let out a small gasp as the Jurien
materialized directly behind him. When the Saiyan spun
around he was no longer there but above him. Yosho
opened his had and an energy ball materialized in his
palm, only instead of growing bigger it began to
shrink. When it was the size of a pea he sent it
flying at the gawking Vegeta.
The Saiyan looked on in wonder as the tiny spark of
energy flew toward him. "You call this an attack,"
yelled Vegeta as he crossed his arms "that thing
couldn't hurt a fly". With those words the Prince
stood still and waited for the tiny spark to hit him.
Piccolo who was standing on the ground, looking on
with the rest closed his eyes and turned away. "It's
over," he said just as the spark found its mark. What
resulted was the larges explosion that area had seen
since the atomic bomb of WW2 many years ago. The blast
was remarkably accurate it was concentrated only on
Vegeta and did no damage to anyone except him but the
shock wave from the attack knocked that resulted
everyone except Goku and Piccolo off their feet where.
The dust cleared moments after to reveal that the
saiyan prince was still standing there with his arm's
crossed and with a smirk on his face. His cloths where
singed and torn all over but he continued to look
unharmed.
        "Wow" said Goku, " Way to go Vegeta that attack was a
powerful one". Vegeta continued to float there like a
statue. Yosho was the one that had a smile now. The
Jurain jumped of the ground and flew towards the
Saiyan. "I didn't know my grandfather could do that,"
said Tenchi as he got up to his feet. The others began
to get up as well.
        Yosho was now a foot away from Vegeta who was still
had his arms crossed but he was now looking of into
the distance with a blank look on his face. Yosho
chuckled "Stubborn until the very end" with the he
reached out and gave Vegeta a small tap on his chest.
At that instant Vegeta stopped glowing and his hair
turned black again, then he slowly fell from the sky
and onto the hard dirt.
        "Unbelievable" yelled Goku, "He defeated a super
saiyan with just one attack. Yosho was now on the
ground bent over the fallen fighter. "I don't think
his dead, Tenchi help me get him inside" said the
priest. Everybody had found their way into the Masaki
living room and looked on at wonder at Yosho. The man
had turned back into an elder and was now busy
bandaging up Vegeta with Tenchi's help.
        "He tried to kill you," said Tenchi handing him a
fresh bandage "Why should we help him?"
"Because we are not that cold hatred," replied Yosho
"he is misguided with his anger and we should try and
show him mercy". Goku approached Yosho from behind
with a determined look on his face. "What is it
saiyan" said Yosho without turning around. "I'm very
sorry for Vegeta, he shouldn't have picked a fight
with you" said Goku with a low bow "Please don't judge
the rest of us by his actions"
        "I know that you two are nothing alike" said Yosho as
he sat down in the leather chair " Your heart is pure
and unstained like that one, it is truly rare to see
that in a saiyan".
"I wasn't razed a saiyan" replied Goku "It's a long
story but I would like to tell you sometime"
"That would be nice," said Yosho "Now there was
something you wanted to ask me, I can see it in your
face"
Goku hesitated for a moment and then knelt in front of
Yosho, "Honorable master I would like your permission
to study and train under you with my friends"
For a moment the priest's eyes came alive darted
around the room. Finally they stopped at Tenchi. "I
don't know" he said "Tenchi would you mind sharing
your training sessions with the other fighters?"
Tenchi jumped back with surprise. This great decision
was unloaded into his lap by his grandfather. "How can
I say now to them" he thought to himself "If I do my
as is grass". Tenchi looked around the room at the
others who where now staring at him with anticipation,
even the namek looked on with great interest.
"Sure" said Tenchi trying very hard to look like it
wasn't bothering him. "What I'm going to do, my house
isn't big enough to hold all these people"
"Then it is decided," said Yosho motioning for Goku to
stand up "You are all to train with Tenchi, we start
tomorrow, o and Tenchi I will speak to you later
tonight at the shrine"
"Hai" replied Tenchi
        Dinnertime was a new experience for everyone,
especially Tenchi. Noboyuki went to stay with his
sister for a few nights to calm down and Yosho was
still at the shrine. Tenchi now sat at the head of the
table and watched the men and women devour the food
that Sasami had spent hours to prepare. As usual Ayeka
and Ryoko sat on either side of him and Sasami sat
next to Ayeka with Mihoshi and Ryo'oki at her side.
Across from Sasami sat Gohan and his father and at the
other end of the table sat Piccolo. Vegeta who by then
regained consciousness chose not to eat but to go out
to cool of.
        "This is really good," said Gohan as he drank the
last of his soup. "Thank you!" said Sasami "It's a
recipe I got of a TV show". The rest meal of the meal
past in an uncomfortable silence broke only by the
clatter of plates and chopsticks. This was mostly
because the girls where still to shy to fight in front
of the strangers. Finally Goku broke the ice "So
Tenchi, have you and your grandfather been training
long?"
"Since I was seven" replied Tenchi, "not that it
helps, I still can't fly or shoot beams from my hands"
"That's not true," said Sasami, "remember your fight
with Kagato"
"Yes" added Ryoko "You made the lighthawk wings appear
and you sliced that ship in two, you're my hero" with
that she put her arms around him and squeezed her
cheek to his.
"Yes, but that was an accident, I haven't been able to
do that since" said Tenchi as he attempted to break
her grip.
"Let go of him this instant," yelled Ayeka
"Make Me," said Ryoko as she began to squeeze harder
Tenchi gave both girls a stern look "please not
tonight!"  He said with firmness in his voice. Ayeka
sat back down and Ryoko let go of him. "I can't
believe that worked," he thought to himself.
"If we're goanna start training tomorrow we better get
some rest" said piccolo getting up from his seat.
"Yha" said Tenchi getting up as well "Now lets figure
out where everyone will sleep"
"I have solution for that" said Washu as she walked
into the kitchen, "I made a separate living quarters
for our guests. The portal is in the closet in your
room Tenchi"
"What!" Tenchi managed to say despite his shock
"Couldn't you have put it someplace else?"
"It's the only way that dimensional portal wont
conflict with the one to my lab" said the scientist as
she sat down in Tenchi's seat.
        Minutes later Tenchi was leading the group of men up
the stairs. "You mean where goanna sleep in another
dimension?" asked Krillin
"Yes" said Tenchi, "but don't worry it's perfectly
safe, Washu's lab is in another dimension and she
practically lives in there"
Tenchi lead the others throe his room and to the
closet. "Well here we go," he said as he opened the
door. The first thing everyone saw was a warmly lit
room with a sofa and an armchair in it. Everyone piled
into the small space and looked around. The paintings
on the wall where of Washu with various other
scientists, she was either shaking their hands or with
her arm around them. There where four rooms other then
the living room. One for Goku and Gohan the other for
Krillin and one for piccolo.
These three rooms where all connected by a hallway
with a bathroom at the end. On the other side of the
living space was a separate room for Vegeta with his
own bathroom.
"Isn't that thoughtful," said Goku "Now we won't have
to look at his face all the time"
Each room was decorated differently to suit their
occupant. Washu had done her homework on each of the
new guest.
        Piccolos room had green wallpaper and a bed with a
very stiff mattress, Goku's and
Krillin's rooms both had orange wallpaper and
comfortable king sized beds dressers and large screen
TVs. Vegeta's room was very different from the others.
It resembled that of a throne room. The red and blue
wallpapers in the room with dim lighting made it seem
more like a cave then a bedchamber. With everyone
settled Tenchi left back throe the door and started to
get ready for bet. Just then he realized that he still
needed to talk to his grandfather.
        Zipping up his jacket to combat the summer night air
he left the house and began walking up the steps to
the shrine. As he reached the top he saw something
that made him both curios and terrified there stood
Vegeta talking to Yosho. Only their words where calm
and in a lone tone. Tenchi strained to hear what they
where saying about but found that he was still out of
range. Moving closer Yosho heard the words Saiyan and
destiny being spoken by Vegeta and his grandfather
nodding and saying it's true.
        Tenchi stopped behind a tree ten feet from the two
men. Trying not to be heard he steadied his breath and
remained perfectly calm. Suddenly he heard his
grandfather raise his voice, "Ah a see we have a
visitor, come here Tenchi". Tenchi nearly fell to the
ground at those words. Steadying himself the young man
walked out from behind his hiding place. "we will
finish this later" said Vegeta as Tenchi approached.
With that the saiyan turned towards the house and flew
off.
        "Grandpa" said Tenchi with a confused look on his
face, "what was that all about?"
"Never mind that" replied the elder, "come with me"
The two walked side by side into the shrine. Yosho
lead Tenchi into the small room that housed the
ancient books. The two sat at a small table in the
corner and the priest began preparing tea.
"So, how do you really feel about your new training
partners?" asked Yosho as he filled Tenchi's cup. "I
don't know," replied Tenchi, "The house is as full as
it is and these people will eat us into the poor
house"
"Well then, we will give them chores to do to earn
their stay and besides you could use a few sparing
partners closer to your level."
Tenchi looked into his cup and tried to think of a way
to convince his grandfather other wise, however he
soon realized that it was impossible. Not wanting to
push his luck Tenchi Tried to change the subject.
"Grandfather why didn't you tell me that you could do
all those things"
"What things" replied the priest with a small smile?
"You now" said Tenchi hesitantly "Fly, throw energy
balls, oh and move faster then anything I ever seen
before"
"Oh that" said Yosho "Well there are several reasons
for that. First you weren't ready to understand it
until the resent events with the girls and Kagato, you
weren't ready to except you heritage. Second the
flying and the energy throwing are just cheap tricks
the true power of Jurie is something far greater. When
you know your true potential you wont need to resort
to that sort of thing."
"Cheap or not" said Tenchi "I wouldn't mind learning
how to do that"
Yosho took a sip from his cup and then set it back
down on the table. "Very well grandson, if you wish I
will show you how to do those things, but you must
promise me that you won't go overboard with those
skills once you have them"
Tenchi's face lit up, "Won't I promise he said as he
got up"
"Good" said Yosho, "now go get some sleep tomorrow is
a big day for you"
        Tenchi raced from the shrine and down the long stone
staircase. "If I have those powers then non of the
girls will be able to push me around any longer" he
thought to himself. As Tenchi lay in his bed that
night he could only think of the next day and what it
would hold. Suddenly he felt a hand come over his
mouth and another around his throught. "Try anything
and you're dead," said a voice from the darkness.

Next Chapter--- The right of Passage

As always comments, question please email them to
Arshak999@yahoo.com
P.S I am looking for pre-readers, people who can
correct any grammar and spelling mistakes that I
missed as well as give suggestions about the story
line. If you are interested please e-mail me.