Prolouge to “A Dark and Lonely Tale”
“Alone...”
By : Sheik “Dragoon” Saranak

Disclaimer : I do not own Ranma 1/2, which belongs to, at least to my
somewhat limited knowledge, Rumiko Takahashi. Equally, I do not own “Tenchi
Muyo!”, which, again, to my knowledge, belongs to Pioneer.

Now for the Key -
*Thoughts/action/sound*, “Words”, (Comments/Notice), <Telepathy(Techinicly a
Thought)>, and {Hallucination/False Sound(Also technicly a thought)}

Thank you for your most likely divided attention.

Now on with The Prolouge.

Prolouge - “Alone...”
(Day 1)
(Setting : Tenchi’s dorm room at the Martial Arts Training University -
10:30 PM)

Tenchi sat down in his small room, remembering times past. He then started
to talk to himself.

“Ryoko... It’s all my fualt that you died... I could have saved you...
But... I...”

{Don’t worry Tenchi... I will stay with you.}

“Ryoko,” He shouted, surprised, “I thought you were dead! Wh... no... You
are dead... I must be insane... You can’t bealive it if you are alive though
- I saw you die...”

He waited for a response, after ten minutes, he concluded that, yes, his
mind was hit harder then he conciously thought.

“I can still remember you, Ryoko. I remember the promise we made. Do you
remember it too? If you don’t, I will tell you. If both of us made it out
alive, then I’d marry you. Remember now?... Oh who am I kidding... Now that
she is dead, she isn’t coming back. Trying to talk to her will only make the
loss seem more real to the others. And...to...to me,” Tenchi said. He looked
out the window, and saw the outside. He then continued, “It’s raining pretty
hard. *Sigh*... Sasami, Minagi, and Kyone are the only ones left to help me.
They don’t seem hit very hard. Kyone was hit harder about Mihoshi’s death
then I expected though. And -” But Tenchi was cut off, as his roommate came
in, who also had apperent emotional loses. He tried to hide it more. Tenchi
then went to sleep, the last words he heard were, “Hey, Tenchi. So... You
gonna call it a ni-”

***(POV change)***
(Day 1)
(Set : Training hall - 10:00 PM)

Ranma continued his kata faster and harder until he was ablur of motion. One
of his friends, Tonako, came in, and said, “Ranma! Stop that! If you keep up
much longer, you might overwork your self like last time. You only just
recovered, remember?”

*I remember,* he thought, *I was in a coma for a week. Guess I’ll slow down
now.*

Ranma began to slow just in time, as his body was straining to hold him in a
standing position, and he stopped shortly after.

“Anywho, I was wondering where you were. You didn’t show up at the meeting
again, so I was pretty sure you’d be here,” Tonako continued, but then
stopped, “...now isn’t a good time is it?... What’s eating you, any way?
Wait. Sorry. Never mind...” With that said, Tonako turned and left, slowly.

*Akane...* Ranma thought, brooding. *It’s my fualt. You would still be here
if only I... Akane* His body was still protesting to the strain of standing,
and he lasped into unconciousness, He awoke a half-hour later, and, do to
his bodies not-so-subtle signs of protest to any large move ment, he walked
very slowly into his dorm room, where his roommate, who had aparently
suffered a much greater loss the Ranma, himself had.

“Hey, Tenchi. So... You gonna call it a night?” Ranma said to Tenchi, but
his roommate had already fallen into the nightmarish bliss that is sleep.
“Right on...” Ranma commented, as he crawled into his bunk, and also went to
sleep.

End of Prolougue

Well, I think that that went over pretty well, don’t you? Yes, most of the
Tenchi cast is dead, yes, Akane is dead. IF anyone else has written a fic
like this, please contact me at : Dragoon@woh.rr.com

Also contact me if you like my style of writting, my fic, or if for
complants. If you don’t like the plot, however, please just leave me alone -
It is my story ya’ know.

The first chapter is : "Summer is coming - Where will I go then?"

Thank you for your time. Sayanora.
