For the legal stuff, see my previous stories.
And visit me at www.geocities.com/bishamon_fett/

Tenchi Muyo! Dark Invaders
Episode 3: Awakening Howl

The Dark Entity watched the earth once again. He needed a new plan. Both
Lord Rapter and Bishamon were destroyed. Something needed to be done.

"Let's see... They were able to destroy them alone... but they might not
survive a pair of warriors."

Two demonic guards walked in, holding two people captive. One was a woman
with blue hair that was half cat, the other, a huge beast with white furr.

"Ahh, Felicia, Sasquatch, so good to see you again," said the Dark Entity.

"What do you want with us?!" replied the white beast, Sasquatch.

"I need your help with something."

"We'll never help you!" exclaimed Felicia.

"Now, there's a problem with that," the Dark one said. "I knew you would act
this way, so I had these special collars made." The guards put the collars
on Felicia and Sasquatch. "Now, you will go down and destroy the boy and his
friends. Nothing is to stop you. Understood?"

"Yes, master," the two captives replied.

*****

Nobiyuki had a big smile on his face. He had finally gotten some vacation
time, and wanted to take the whole gang to Tokyo. Of, course, Tenchi felt a
little sad at this, remembering Sakuya, but he cheered up when his dad said
he wouldn't have to worry about the girls.

"The girls will be to busy shopping to bother you, Tenchi."

"God, I hope so. They're always doing something I regret."

"Well, we leave tomorrow. Pack up, Tenchi."

*****

Meanwhile, in Tokyo, a man with hair much like Ryoko's was walking down the
street when he felt something.

'No, it can't be, it can't be! I expelled the curse years ago! What is this
blood burning in my veins?!' John Talbain thought.

*****

"'Oh, the girls won't be bothering you,' he said. 'They'll be too busy
shopping,' he said. Boy, sometimes my dad is such an idoit!" Tenchi said
when no one was around. They hadn't been in Tokyo for three hours and every
girl wanted him to go somewhere with him. "I'm just glad Yugi's not awake,
otherwise I'd be in BIG trouble."

"Oh, Tenchi..."

"What is it Ryoko?"

"We, I mean Aeka, Kiyone, Mihoshi, Sasami, Washu, and I, were wondering if
you'd like to go shopping with us. You'll have a lot of fun."

"Alright, but this time you carry your own bags." Tenchi noticed how dark
out it was. "Looks like it's going to be a full moon out tonight."

*****

Tenchi wasn't the only one to notice this. On a Tokyo rooftop, John Talbain
sat and stared at the moon.

"Once again the blood-burning felling enters my veins," he said aloud. "When
the moon is full, the beast shall return... but this time I will be in
control." He remembered a conversation he and his old friend, Felicia, had a
long time back.

*****

"Why do you hate humans?" she had asked.

"The night was made for the strong," he replied. "Humans are weak. Existence
with them is impossible. That is why we are called 'Darkstalkers.' Tell me,
how does one such as yourself come to love humans?"

"They can be really sweet. There are humans out there who understand those
of the Dark. You just have to give them the chance. Someday, all humans will
understand Darkstalkers."

*****

"Someday, all humans will understand Darkstalkers."

"Wishful thinking." he said. 'I hope she's right.' He felt himself begin to
change. 'Here we go again,' he thought. As he changed from man to wolf, he
saw a group of people walk by. It was Tenchi and the gang. Though he didn't
know who they were, John could sense their power. "I wonder who they are."
Just then he noticed movement in the alleyway below him. "Who the...
Sasquatch and... Felicia?! What the hell are they doing here?!" Though he
was glad to see his old friends again, he knew something was wrong. "They're
not acting like themselves... HOLY SHIT! They're gonna attack those kids!"
With that, he jumped down to help in the battle.

"Who are..." asked Tenchi.

"No time to explain. Just get ready for a good fight!" With that, Sasquatch
and Felicia attacked.

An hour later, Tenchi and most of the others were out cold. Only Ryoko and
John continued to fight, though they were losing.

*****

As the battle raged on, Yugi saw all of it happen in her dream world. She
even foresaw the death of her best friend. She woke with a start, and flew
off to help the others at an incredible rate of speed, at least as fast as
the Yagami.

"Don't worry, Sasami, I'm coming!"

*****

"Yuo ready to surrender your souls?!"

"Felicia, I know this isn't you! Please, listen to me! I'm your friend,
John!" As John spoke, Sasquatch took out Ryoko(I know, I know, totally
unrealistic), and walked towards Sasami.

"Please don't hurt us!"

Sasquatch about destroyed her, but a blast from out of nowhere blew off the
controll collar around his neck.

"Don't worry, Sasami. I'm here now!"

Sasami recognized the voice, as did most everyone else. "Yugi!" they all
yelled, with the exception of the Darkstalkers. Yugi blasted the collar off
of Felicia's neck, and the catwoman returned to her normal state-of-mind.

*****

After some discussion, Washu finally figured out what was going on.

"So this Jedah character wants our souls to power a machine with enough
power to destroy the entire world, eh?" Washu had been exactly right. "I
assume more will be controlled."

"Yes, and, unfortunately, they'll be ten times as powerful as all of us
combined."

"Do you have the ability to call certain Darkstalkers?"

"Yes."

"Good. Call all of the most powerful ones that would be willing to help us."

"No problem. There may even be a secret weapon that the humans have created
that we may be able to use to defeat Jedah."

"Interesting. And here I thought that all human technology was crap."

Next Time on Tenchi Muyo! Dark Invaders:
John Talbain calls back Hsien-Ko, Mei-Ling, and many powerful Darkstalkers,
plus helps Washu to operate the human world's "secret weapon." But will it
be enough to stop Jedah and his most powerful minions? Find out in the next
episode, "A Dark Conclusion."

Hey, It's me, Bishamon Fett again. If you have any comments (ANY AT ALL)
e-mail me at bishamonfett@hotmail.com. Plus visit my website at
www.geocities.com/bishamon_fett/.