A Dark and Lonely Tale
Chapter One - "Summer is coming - Where will I go then?"
By - Sheik "Dragoon" Saranak

Disclaimer : I do not own Ranma 1/2, which belongs to, at least to my somewhat 
limited knowledge, Rumiko Takahashi. Equally, I do not own "Tenchi Muyo!", 
which, again, to my knowledge, belongs to Pioneer.

Now for the Key -
*Thoughts/action/sound*, "Words", (Comments/Notice), <Telepathy(Techinicly a 
Thought)>, and {Hallucination/False Sound(Also technicly a thought)}

Thank you for your most likely divided attention.

Open Theme - Quiet Evening

Opening Credits
Writer - Sheik "Dragoon" Saranak
Musical Composer (Yeah, right, what ever) - Lizard of the Force of Space
Idea and Concept "sketch" - Shane "Echo-Wing" Saranak (younger bro)
Publisher - GenSao
Web Page - GenSao's Tenchi Muyo Fan Fiction Archive (Yea!)

Chapter One - "Summer is coming - Where will I go now?"

Tenchi sat up in his bed, his clock waking him up at a sharp 6:30 A.M., and went 
to use the shower - only to find a nude red head standing in the shower. He 
quickly closed the door, and sat down on his bed.

"Who was that?" Tenchi asked, but to no one in particular, "I wonder if Ranma 
know who she is."

*Does my voice always sound so cold?*, Tenchi thought, *I haven't actually 
listened to myself out loud in a while... Looks like I'm going to have to change 
a lot to be Tenchi again.*

Tenchi walked over to his bunk, and sat down. He looked at the Tenchi lying on 
the floor, and wondered if he would ever be able to use it again. *Maybe I need 
to learn to fight with it. I should already be slightly skilled because of my 
Jurian blood. But will it help enough?*

Ranma left the shower, and went to the training hall, his mind heavy with 
thought. After Tenchi took his shower, he decided to see what kind of martial 
arts Ranma did, so joined him in the hall.

***

Ranma's speed was moderate this time. He slowed a bit more when he saw Tenchi 
enter the room, holding a boken. Aside from himself, he had only seen seven 
other students in the hall training their various skills to become a better 
martial artist. They frequently sparred one another, then left. After they 
leave, they don't come back till the next day. Tenchi, on the other hand, didn't 
seem to practice martial arts.

But practice, he did, and with a strange intensity, because, though his speed 
was a moderate pace, and his technique didn't seem very complex, Ranma saw very 
few openings. *An intricate style, too. Always shifting.* Ranma thought, 
unconsciously increasing his speed to match Tenchi's pace. *I wonder if their is 
- Wait a second...*

Ranma looked more closely. The style, if modified, could be considered a 
Anything Goes Kendo style(Anything Goes technique with a sword)rather then 
Kempo(which is unarmed).

"Tenchi," He said at last, "what school do you learn, and who is your sensai?"

 "My late-grandfather was my sensai, and," Tenchi continued, with a odd look of 
questioning, "I follow the school of... Juri. You?"
 "My soul is my sensai, and I am heir to the Anything Goes Martial Arts." Ranma 
replied, "And I am giving you a challenge. I will be unarmed, but you may use 
your boken."
 "Okay then." Tenchi replied and got into an assumably defensive stance.

***(FIGHT - The next section will be in one blob of a paragraph, in which Ranma 
and Tench duke it out. I will separate the last paragraph section, where you 
read the conclusion, in case you dont care for this kinda stuff. Otherwise, tell 
me what you think of the fight scean.)***

Ranma charged forward, and gave a quick punch-kick combo, both of which Tenchi 
blocked easily, and also gave a counter, which, in turn, was blocked by Ranma. 
Ranma faked a sweep, and brought a high based back-hand, blocked by Tenchi, and, 
while continueing to spin, Ranma laid a waist high punch, which Tenchi 
reflected, and, seeing the oppertinety, did a swipe-kick combo. Or tried. While 
he was swinging at Ranma with the boken, Ranma grabbed it and used Tenchi's 
momentum to easily throw him, and the boken, away. Tenchi got up, and leaped for 
the boken. Ranma tried to intrecept Tenchi, being aerial combat is the soul of 
Anything Goes, but felt himself slowed by some invisible force.

Tenchi retreived the sword and slashed upward at Ranma, only to be thrown away 
again, and this time Ranma kept the boken.

***

"Wow," Tenchi said, after getting back up, "you're very good. Maybe even a match 
for Ry..."

Ranma noticed Tenchi's rather abrupt ending, and noticed that he was about to 
say a name. "Ry?"

"Ryoko..." Tenchi replied in an obviously pained voice, "She was the strongest, 
fastest girl I've ever known. She's saved my life several times...and I Ioved 
her..." Tenchi realized what he just said, but Ranma quickly said, "Oh... Ano, 
sorry," and before Tenchi could reply, Ranma left the training hall, mulling 
over his thoughts.

Tenchi, on the other hand, walked down to the cafeteria, one of his favorite 
places to go, and not because of their semi-good cooking. The new students 
always seem to hang around the cafeteria, and Tenchi looks through them to find 
a friend. No one yet.

"Who is that?..." Tenchi wondered. He was looking at a boy sitting down, who 
didn't seem to have any friend, and, from what he could tell from aura, or the 
feeling one gets from another, he had a rather dark personality.

"...but you can't judge a book by the cover." Tenchi said, unconciously aloud, 
and started to walk over.

"Konnichiwa(Good Afternoon). My name is Masaki Tenchi. Could you possibly intro-
" Tenchi started in a warm greeting, but was cut off by a curt voice.

"Leave me alone."

Tenchi looked at the boy. There were few things which could make a child so 
anti-social, and this boy could have experienced one of them.

*Personally, though,* Tenchi thought as he walked away, *I'd rather not find 
out.*

When Tenchi came back into his dorm room, he saw Ranma at his desk, studying for 
the last test of the year. Not finals, because he, like Tenchi, still had two 
more years. This was the last test, meaning that they could go home for two 
months, then they would have to come back, and continue their studies.

"Ranma," Tenchi started, remembering a question from the morning, "do you know 
any red haired girls?"

"Uh..." Ranma said, then replied, "um, well... Sorta."

"Hm." Tenchi said, then sat at his own desk, and started to studey as well.

"When summer comes, where are you going? I mean, if you don't mind, I might see 
where you live."

"Nirima, sure." Ranma replied automaticly, then asked, "Why?"
Tenchi puased, then answered with, "I would like to learn your combat style. 
Besides, I have barely any where else that I'd like to go."
"Okay, just get an apartment though, because Nabiki's rent would have a much 
higher interest rate."
"Who?" Tenchi asked.
"Just come, and you see what I mean."
"Okay..."

*** Time Passess, and the finals draw near. As Tenchi and Ranma expand their 
knowledge, they teach eachother the basic steps and movements of eachother's 
martial art styles. Time flows quickly, and it is the day after the finals, so 
people start packing for their freedom...***

"So what'd you get?" Ranma asked, as he finished tying tight his last bag.
"I got 106%, highest in my class." Tenchi said, as he too finished up the last 
of his packing.
"I got a 97%." Ranma said, then he hoisted his packs up onto his back, and 
walked out of his room, the two bags over his shoulders.

Tenchi picked up his one bag, and followed Ranma, wondering what Nirima would be 
like. Except, as he followed, he saw the lone boy from the cafeteria following 
quitely, with an evil presence eminating from him.

Ranma boarded the train, and Tenchi followed into the same car. As the train 
started the Lone Boy entered a car behind the one they were currently in.

**** END****

Well so far so good... I had writers block, and was forced to end this chapter 
sooner then I'd hoped.


Look out for my next chapter, "Arrival..."
