Note 1: Anything that involves Tenchi belongs to Pioneer. Anything that
involves the Darkstalkers belongs to Capcom.
Note 2: I’m only giving descriptions of the Darkstalkers. You should already
know everyone from the Tenchiverse if you’re reading this.

                                Tenchi Muyo: Dark Invaders
                        Episode One: No Need for Chinese Ghosts

        It was a day like any other at the Masaki home. Ryoko and Ayeka
nearly
destroyed the house in one of their fights. Tenchi got the you-know-what
beat out of him
while training with his grandfather. Mihoshi screwed up another assignment
for Kiyone.
And Washu didn’t come out of her lab all day. Little did they know, however,
the coming
months would be ones to remember.

        “I’m tired, sis. Can’t we rest awhile?” asked a girl with brown
hair.
        “Not now, Lin-Lin,” said her blue-haired and blue-skinned sister.
“We’re
almost
to Okayama.” Hsien-Ko and Lin-Lin were a pair of Chinese ghosts who traveled
the
world to hunt down and destroy evil Darkstalkers. It was a Darkstalker that
had killed
their mother as well as taken their lives so many years ago.
        “Are you sure he’s gonna be in Okayama?” asked Lin-Lin.
        “Positive,” her sister replied, “which is why we have to keep
moving.

        Meanwhile, in Okayama, a man with grey skin and purple hair prepared
for
his
next big show.
        “Hey, Le Marta, is the sound system hooked up yet?” shouted the man
with an
Austrailian accent. The man’s name was Zabel Zarock, but he wnet by another
name
when he was in his more menacing, zombie form: Lord Rapter. Born in 1889,
and killed
25 years later, the murderous Rapter was ressurected by Ozom, because of his
homocidal
capabilities and his ability to steal souls with his heavy-metal music.
        “It’s all set, boss!” said a small, purple monster with one eye. Le
Marta.
        “Good. Tomorrow’s the big night. The great Lord Rapter will make his
next
big
appearance.”

        Tenchi awoke to find Ryoko right in his face.
        “Ahhh! Ryoko, what are you diong in here?!”
        “Well, Tenchi, I just got five tickets to the big rock concert in
town
tonight and I
was wondering if you’d like to go with me?”
        “Do I have a choice?”
        “Not really, but you won’t be alone, so don’t feel bad.”
        “Alright, I’ll go. Who else is coming?”
        “Aeka, Kiyone, and Mihoshi.”
        “Fine. Just do me one little favor.”
        “Sure, what?”
        “Give me some privacy!”
        “Okay, okay! Sorry.”

        Later that evening, as Tenchi and the girls walked out of the house
to go
to the
concert, Hsien-Ko and Lin-Lin arrived.
        “Who’s that, Hsien?”
        “I don’t know, but I think they might be some of Rapter’s next
victims.”
        “What sould we do?”
        “You go into that house and see if you can’t get any info as to who
they
are. I’ll
follow them and see if the’ll lead me to Rapter.” With taht, Hsien-Ko left
to follow
Tenchi and the gang, while Lin-Lin was left to check out the house.

        “I guess it’s just you and me for dinner tonight, Ryo-ohki,” said
Sasami as
she
chopped the carrots and Ryo-ohki stared at the basket they were in.
        Lin-Lin walked in, invisible to Sasami, and saw Ryo-ohki.
        “Oh, poor thing,” she said, as she walked over towards the basket.
“Here
you go.”
She picked up a carrot and placed it in front of Ryo-ohki.
        “Ryo-ohki! You know those are for dinner!” yelled Sasami.
        “Oh, sorry, I didn’t know.”
        Sasami gained an extremely frightened look on her face. She turned
and saw
Lin-Lin appear out of thin air.
        “AAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!” She grabbed Ryo-ohki and hid behind the couch.
        “Wait, wait! Don’t be frightened! I won’t hurt you!”
        “What do you want?!” asked Sasami, nervously.
        “I just want to know where those people were headed.”
        “Who are you?!”
        “My name is Lin-Lin. Where were they headed?”
        “To some rock concert. Some Zabel Zarock guy’s.”
        “Zabel Zarock? Lord Rapter!”
        “What?”
        “I think you’re friends may be in grave danger! We have to go now!”
        “Okay! I’ll get Azaka and Kamidake!”
        “Who’re they?” asked Lin-Lin as she saw the two guardians.
        “They’re my sister’s guardians.”
        “Climb on, princess,” said Azakz.
        “We’ll save Aeka,” said Kamidake.
        “Let’s go!” shouted Lin-Lin.

        Meanwhile, Lord Rapter was getting ready for his big finale.
        *Only a few more notes to go,* he thought.
        “Rapter, I demand you stop this immediately!”
        “Who dares interupt my big con...” He stopped in mid-sentance when
he saw
Hsien-Ko. “Well, well, well. If it isn’t my old girlfirend. What’s the
matter? Can’t make
it on your own?” He hit a hard cord on his guitar and changed to his zombie
form. “It’s
time for your finale! I don’t want an encore!”
        Tenchi saw what was going on, climbed up the stage, and ignited
Tenchiken.
Ryoko followed suit while Mihoshi and Kiyone pulled out their pistols on
him.
Unfortunately, Rapter took them all out no problem.
        “What’s wrong, small fry?” he asked Tenchi. “Can’t take the heat?
Then you
shouldn’t have messed with this blazing inferno!”
        “Go to Hell!” yelled Ryoko.
        “Go to Hell?!” shouted Rapter, turning to strike Ryoko. “I just got
back
from
there!!”
        As he raised his guitar (which had become a chainsaw), a huge blast
knocked
it
out of his hands.
        “What th...oofff!!”
        Azaka blasted Rapter right into the speakers.
        “This ends here, Rapter!” yelled Hsien-Ko, as Lin-Lin recited a
Chinise
exorcism
spell.
        “NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!”
        In a blinding flash, the evil entertainer Lord Rapter had
disappeared.

        Back at the Misaki home, the twin apparitions explained everything.
        “We had died many years ago, and had come back to make sure no one
else
would die at the hands of an evil Darkstalker,” said Hsien-Ko.
        “Now all the souls that Rapter had stolen can finally rest in
peace,” said
Lin-Lin.
        “What’s going on out here?” asked Washu, just now noticing the
ghostly duo.
        “Trust me, Washu,” said Tenchi, “you don’t want to know.”
        So the two groups said their good-byes, and Hsien-Ko and Lin-Lin
were on
their
way, though Yosho had a feeling that they’d be seeing each other again.

        Meanwhile, in a starship far above the earth, an evil person watched
the
happenings of that day.
        “Collecting these souls will be much more difficult than I had first
anticipated. I
will have to come up with a new plan.”

Next time on Tenchi Muyo!: Dark Invaders:
Can Yosho defend the family from the ghost of an evil samurai?
Find out on the next episode “No Need for Accursed Samurais!”