A Dark and Lonely Tale
Epilougue

By : Sheik "Dragoon" Saranak

****

I have received little support, I have writers block, and the plot was overused. 
Oh, I don't own anyone, don't shoot!

****

Epilougue
"So this is how it ends..."

* * * * *

   Though Tenchi had only been at the Tendos for a year, he felt strangely 
attached to the house, and, indeed, Nirima itself. Though Tenchi had originally 
come to Nirima intent on forgeting some bad memories, he had met many charming 
people, such as Ukyo, Kasumi, and Soun. He enjoyed the small quirks in that 
life, such as Ranma's, Shampoo's, Genma's, and Mousse's Curse. Indeed, he often 
wondered if he would have such a cheered view on life if it were not for his 
time spent here.
   Yet he could not fully escaped from all memories, as he had intended. Indeed, 
memories seemed to follow him every where.
   Ukyo reminded him of Ryoko, at times. Same for Shampoo, to a certain extent. 
Yet, as the year wore, however, he realized that they were both firmly set on 
Ranma. Ranma, too, realized this, and the out come was obvious between them. The 
reason it was so plain in sight, was that Shampoo was relatively happy that 
Akane had died, where as, Ukyo tried to consolidate Ranma, and help him out of 
his funk.
   Ukyo was the lucky bride, and they wed later that year. Though it was a 
rather private affair, Tenchi was allowed in as a guest, invited by Ranma. Ukyo 
had invited Konatsu, but he declined, saying he needed to keep the shop running. 
Thusly, other then Tenchi, himself, only the direct family of either member was 
allowed in.
   Tatewake (Kuno), of course, blamed Ranma one hundred percent, going on and on 
about black magic. Of course, 
he was wrong - he always is.
   The "Black Rose" was worse then Shampoo - She openly rejoiced at Akane's 
death. Indeed, so much so, that she threw a party for the entire school. Her 
school, that is. Shortly after the party, she broke genreal festivities by 
saying that anyone who tries to steal "her Ranma-kun" would have hell to pay for 
it. Needless to say, though I will say anyway, no one attempted anything on 
Ranma - they didn't even know who he, or Akane, were... But, hey! Free party.
   When Ryoga had heard of Akane's death, he initially blamed Ranma, but, after 
discovering it was Taro's crime, he went berserk. He had, as it turns, beaten 
Taro into a slow and painful death. Then, he disappeared, and has not been seen 
since.
   Shampoo, sadly, was disgraced in her tribes eyes, and so was forced to commit 
the only honorable thing an Amazon could do, at a time like this : Seppeku. 
Cologne, also, was disgraced, though not as harshly. She was merely banished, 
and currently lives in Nirima, Japan, in the Neko H ten.
   It was a sad year, one of pain, sorrow... and joy, at times.

   Tenchi left the day after the wedding, saying farewell, and wishing them a 
happy life.
   As Tenchi returned home, he was greeted warmly by what little family was 
left. As he lay down in his room, he put his pack on the ground. Looking at his 
bed, he first clapped his hands, and said a short prayer for Ryoko, Mihoshi, his 
father, and all others who died at the hands of Karuka*. 
   Finaly, he lay down in his warm, inviting bed, and fell into the blissfulness 
of sleep.


Fin

* * * * *
* Karuka is a concept character for another series I hope to start sometime.

A short review of everything in the entire series, because I know no one (at 
tmffa) read all the chapters(I think).

Prolougue : We hear Ranma and Tenchi moping and coping about the death(s).
1. Tenchi goes to Nirima to get away from bad memories.
2. Tenchi learns about the curses, and Taro makes a appearence.
3. Taro leaves, after destroying the Tendo dojo(not their house).
4. Sasami makes an appearence, and she is extremely battered, bruised, and 
injured. This is from Karuka's attack, that killed off most of Tenchi's family 
and friends.
5. Ryoga appears looking for Akane, but gets lost, and Ukyo and Shampoo find out 
about Akane's death; Ukyo seems kind of saddened, and Shampoo rejoiced.
6. Ryoga returns! The secret is hidden.
7. Nabiki is threatened by Kodachi to give Kodachi some info : Akane's Death.
8. Kuno comes lookin for Akane.
9. As a year come to an end, Tenchi starts packing.
Epilougue.

All other chapters can be found at "The Virtual Ranma Fan Fiction Archive 1.0"
All comments to Dragoon@woh.rr.com
