Dark Rain SAGA

This story is based on the Tenchi Muyo OVA series
after second season and the DBZ series after Freeza
but before the Cell saga. All characters in this story
are not mine, I don't own them nor do I want to.
Tenchi Muyo is property of AIC and Pioneer and DBZ is
property of FUNimation Productions, Inc., so don't sue
me because I have no money. Once again these
characters are not mine but this story is so don't
anyone try to rip it off.

Chapter 3.... Right of Passage

The hand tightened its grip around Tenchi's through
and he was yanked out of bed. Vegeta was holding
Tenchi off the ground and covering his mouth. "Let's
go," he said as he carried the boy into the portal.
Tenchi gave up struggling as he was carried past the
small living room and into Vegeta's solitary
bedchamber.
        Once inside the saiyan released Tenchi and let him
drop to the floor, he then continued to walk down the
passageway to his chair. The dim lighting made it hard
for Tenchi to make out the rest of the room, but from
what he could tell it was huge. "I had a chat with
your grandfather kid" said Vegeta as he sat down, "me
and him have come to an agreement".
        Tenchi got to his feet and stood in a fighting
stance, "What ever is between you and my grandfather
is of no concern to me, why don't you just leave me
alone".
"Oh but it does" said Vegeta with a grin forming on
his face "it has everything to do with you. Your
grandfather is a crowned prince of Jurie and I am a
prince as well. He defeated me in battle and now you
must suffer the consequences."
        Tenchi stood there with a look of utter confusion, "I
have to pay? For what?"
"Well" said Vegeta "Since I lost I must grant you
grandfather a request. It is an ancient custom among
the royalty of this galaxy."
'What does that have to do with me?" asked Tenchi
"Yosho has requested that I train you to be a
fighter", said Vegeta stretching his arms "I have no
choice but to comply, however mark my words runt I
hate this task and I'm goanna make it as difficult as
possible for you." Tenchi stood up from his stance and
looked down at the floor, "But why? Grandfather had
promised to teach me himself." he said quietly.
"Fool," laughed Vegeta, "Do you really think you could
keep up with Kacorat and the others in you present
state. You juriens are weaklings unless you undergo
the mortal rage, until then you are no more powerful
then a fly. Now my job is to invoke the rage in you so
that your powers can become unlocked."
Tenchi tried to peek again but Vegeta cut him of, "Get
out of my sight we will begin your training tomorrow".

        That night passed slowly for Tenchi, who was unable
to fall asleep. Vegeta's face kept flashing in his
mind. Every time he began to dose off Tenchi thought
of what lie ahead and sprang awake. Around 4am the sun
began to rise and a flood of light entered the
bedroom. Tenchi saw this as a sine to get up. As he
was getting dressed the new fighters piled out of the
closet/house and made their way down stairs to
breakfast. Tenchi was about to join them when Vegeta
walked out as well.
        "Where do you think your going runt?" said the saiyan
as he adjusted his armor.
"Breakfast" answered Tenchi as he walked toward the
door. Before he new what was happening Vegeta was
standing in front of him. "If you want breakfast
you'll have to get through me," he said. Tenchi got
mad, "This guy is a guest and he's telling me what to
do!" he thought. Tenchi clenched his fists, maybe it
was the lack of sleep or the lack of food, or maybe it
was the arrogant way Vegeta was acting but it made
Tenchi's blood boil.
        "Move!" Yelled Tenchi as he brought his hand up to
shove the man aside. But before he could even touch
him the saiyan unleashed a backhanded punch. Tenchi
was flying toward the wall with great speed and when
he impacted there was a loud snapping noise as the dry
wall was cracked. The saiyan unclenched his fist and
walked over to where Tenchi had landed.
"Get up you worm!" ground Vegeta, "I see we have a lot
of work to do"
        Downstairs the breakfast table was alive with talk.
The Z fighters where discussing there new training
arrangement with the girls while wolfing down the
mounds of food that where set before them by the young
princes. Ryoko glanced at the clock that hung on the
wall, "Where's Tenchi?" she asked Goku.
"I don't know" he replied "We saw him on our way down,
but it looks like he chose to skip breakfast"
"This is most unlikely," said Ayeka getting up from
the table "I better go check on him"
"I'll go to said Ryoko as she fazed out of her seat
and throe the doorway.
Deciding that it was time, Goku motioned for the
others to follow him to the shrine. As everyone left
Sasami and Mihoshi continued to sit at the table.
"I'll go get the bandages ready" said Sasami with a
sie.
"I better put the Ice packs back into the freezer"
replied Mihoshi finishing the last piece of fish on
her plate. The two girls slowly got up and began their
chores around the house as well as the preparation for
the injuries that where bound to come that day.

Meanwhile...

        Ayeka and Ryoko walked from room to room in search of
Tenchi, but found nothing. Both where about to give up
when they heard Tenchi yell out in pain, "Quick he's
out back in the fields" yelled Ryoko as she teleported
outside. Ayeka jumped down the stairs and ran outside
screaming, "Wait for me!" Both girls raced at top
speed down the pathway to the fields only to be
stopped dead in their tracks at what they saw.
        Tenchi was charging at Vegeta, both fists clenched
and ready to strike. His face was covered in blood and
one eye was bruised shut. Both girls took a step back
when they saw the expression on his face. Tenchi's
eyes no longer showed any kindness or gentleness but
where now filled with hatred, the girls had never seen
him like that before, not even during his most fierce
battles.
        Tenchi leapt at the saiyan and threw his most
devastating attack only to have it blokes as if it
when nothing but a friendly tap. Vegeta then gave
Tenchi a blow to the stomach that knocked the wind out
of him. Tenchi knelt trying to ketch his breath, while
Vegeta continued to taunt him, "Weakling, do you ever
hope to be anything more? Because I don't think so,
when I was you age an attack like the one you received
wouldn't have even fazed me. If you dead mother could
see you now she'd be a shamed of what a wuss her son
is. Hey I bet that's why she died in the first place
from the shame of having a no good weak loser of a
son."
        Tenchi leaped to his feet, his expression of sheer
furry. Unable to hold back his emotions even longer he
let out a long scream that was even heard far of in
the mountains. Tenchi no longer cared about his
physical condition or what might happen to him if he
attacked again, instead the only thing on his mind was
Vegeta.
        Tenchi clenched his fists once more, so hard that his
nails dug into his palms and a trickle of blood fell
to the ground from his hands. He closed his eyes and
when he opened them a moment later they where
completely red with tears streaming out onto his
cheeks. A white fire began to form around Tenchi's
body as his anger rose, he now looked like the other
fighters when they powered up. Vegeta now looked on
with a smile of admiration, "That's it boy, get angry.
Common try and kill me if you dare". At those word
Tenchi launched forward, the saiyan's block did
nothing as Tenchi's punch ripped passed his defenses
and strait into his lower chest. Not satisfied Tenchi
began a multi punch assault on Vegeta's face, slipping
past his guard and dogging one counter attack after
another Tenchi continued to land blow after blow.
Minutes passed and Tenchi continued to get more
violent now throwing kicks as well.
        Vegeta had enough; he jumped and flew several feet of
the ground. Tenchi looked up, his red eyes following
the Saiyan's movements. "Well done boy, there may be
hope for you yet. My job is done next time we meat
prepare to fight to the death because I will not hold
anything back". Vegeta flashed another grin at Tenchi
and flew off toward the house. Tenchi let out another
scream and collapsed from exaction. The girls who now
recovered from their initial shock of seeing the fight
ran over to help him.
        "Lord Tenchi" yelled the prices as he lifted his head
of the ground and onto her lap, "Can you hear me lord
Tenchi". Tenchi looked like he'd been hit by a truck
then thrown in front of a train. His knuckles where
all broken and he had many cuts and burns on his body
from Vegeta's energy balls. When he didn't respond
Ryoko grabbed him and Teleported inside the house.
Ayeka ran in after then and they soon had Washu out of
her lab to assist in the healing poses.

Meanwhile....

        The fighter had gathered in front of the Masaki
shrine and waited for Yosho. Krillin and Gohan
practiced sparing while Piccolo and Goku each sat on
top of a different rock and prepared mentally. Goku
looked over at Piccolo, "So what do you think Cammi
will say when he gets back from his Vacation?" Piccolo
grinned, "Don't remind me, there's goanna be hell to
pay when he shows up". The shrine door opened and
Yosho walked out. Instead of wearing his usual priest
robes the master was covered in a plain white kimono
with a black belt.
        Everyone immediately stopped what they where doing
and gathered in front of him. "Good morning" said
Yosho in a calm voice. There was a silence for a few
seconds before Goku spoke up, "We are ready to train
master"
"You are, are you?" said Yosho adjusting his glasses,
"Well then follow me". The master led the others down
a path that circled the shrine, when they reached a
small field he stopped and motioned for the others to
spread out.
"Now we will see how strong you are," said Yosho
"Krillin come here". The balled man was surprised at
being singled out but moved as he was told. The priest
pulled out a bokken from nowhere and presented it to
him. Krillin had a confused look on his face as he
accepted the wooden blade.
"OK, now I want you to spar with Gohan" said Yosho as
he produced another bokken and tossed it to the Boy.
"But I never handled a sword before" Krillin started
"Neither has he, I presume" answered Yosho, "This is a
test to see how you adapt to a situation and how
clever you are when you are restricted to only
physical attacks. Now one more thing, there is no
flying and you may only use the bokken to hit the
other fighter". Piccolo sat down on the ground and
closed his eye.
"What's the matter namek?" asked Yosho
"This is pointless" he replied, "During a battle we
don't use weapons"
"Now, now your missing the point of the exercise, it
isn't supposed to test you strength but you mind"
The rest of the day was filled with the sound of
wooden sword clashing with one another. An occasional
yell of pain was uttered when a blow was landed.
Piccolo loosened up when he realized how easy and fun
it was to hit the others with the sword. The hours
passed and the sun began to set over the lake, the
master announced that practice was over, "We will
resume tomorrow at dawn". As the fighters descended
the staircase Piccolo was still swinging his bokken
around. "Will you cut that out?" said Goku rubbing the
back of his head "You already bashed everyone with
that at least ten times today"
"I don't know" said the namek "This thing is pretty
handy, now if I can get one made of steel I could
really have some fun with you guys". At those words
the other three sied and continued to walk down the
stairs.
        In side the house the fighters stopped in front of
the couch where the unconscious Tenchi was still
tended to by nurse Washu. She set up several machines
around him to keep track of his vitals as well as aid
in the healing of his broken bones. "Dam Vegeta" she
said as she applied a compress to his head, "he almost
killed him. Just look she said pointing to Tenchi's
eye that had swelled even great then before "If he had
hit him harder he would have gotten brain damage. "Wow
he looks really bad, dad" Said Gohan as he looked on
with concert.
Goku reached into his pocket and polled out a small
leather pouch. "I was goanna save these for an
emergency, but it looks like he really needs it,
besides he's been such a good host how can I not help"
he said as he reached in and pulled out a small bean.
Goku bent down and opened Tenchi's mouth; he then
placed the bean inside and held the jaw shut.
        Tenchi struggled for a few seconds but then
swallowed. Everyone stood around in anticipation;
suddenly Tenchi opened his eyes and sat up. His
injuries seemed to disappear in seconds and soon he
was standing on his feet. "How are you feeling buddy?"
said Goku as he put the pouch back into his pocket.
Tenchi looked him self over, "fine I guess, now if
you'll excuse me I have to go kill Vegeta". With that
Tenchi started walking towards the stairs. The rest
looked at each other with confusion and then rushed
after him. Whet Tenchi got to his room he saw Mihoshi
and Sasami trying desperately to stop Ryoko and Ayeka
from going into the portal. The daemon and the
princess where both wearing their battle uniforms and
Ryoko had her plasma sword in her hand.
        Tenchi walked over to his night table and pulled his
sword from the drawer. The room was now dead quiet;
the girls all moved aside and looked on with fear.
Goku and the others rushed in and stood between him
and the door. "Please Tenchi," said Goku "You'll be
killed".
"Step aside," said Tenchi, his eyes now red again. The
white fire formed around his body and concentrated
around his fists. Suddenly the sword came to life, the
blade extended four and a half feet out and was now a
solid black color.
        "I will kill him," said Tenchi as he pushed Goku
aside and walked throe the portal. "Tenchi!" yelled
Ryoko as she rushed after him. However the door shut
and locked before she could faze through it.
"It's no use you can't get throe the portal when it's
closed" said Washu as she typed of her transparent
laptop "We can however see what there doing inside". A
screen materialized on the wall of Tenchi's room and
displayed the inside Vegeta's bedchamber.
        Vegeta sat in his char with his eyes closed when his
door was smashed into splinters by Tenchi's fist. "Ah
so you finally came" said the Saiyan without even
opening his eyes "It took you long enough". Vegeta's
comments didn't seem to faze Tenchi, as he continued
to advance on the prince. "There is someone here to
see you boy" said Vegeta as he opened his eyes and
stood up. Tenchi looked confused as Yosho stepped from
the shadows to Tenchi's left. Tenchi stopped glowing
and his eyes turned back to being brown.
        "Wha.." he started to say when the priest cut him of.
"Tenchi stop this," said Yosho "I asked Vegeta to do
this"
"Why"
"Because I needed for someone to break your control.
That is the first step in learning how to use your
true powers"
"I told you that boy," said Vegeta
"But" blurted out Tenchi
"But nothing, look at your self, you where able to
destroy the door with a single blow and where no
longer afraid to stand up to Vegeta." Said Yosho
Vegeta walked over to Tenchi "My obligation to your
grandfather has ended, I think I did a pretty good job
if I do say so my self", he gave Yosho a smirk and
walked throe the doorway that once had a door in it.
"Now tomorrow you will join the rest of the fighters
for training," said Yosho as he followed the Saiyan
out.
Outside the others watched the events unfold, "I never
knew he had that kind of power" said Washu, "I should
run more scans on him next chance I get". The door to
the portal opened and Vegeta walked out along with
Yosho. The two gave the others a stern look, who took
it as a sine that it was time to leave. Everyone
cleared the room except Ryoko and Ayeka who both set
on Tenchi's bed and waited for him to come out.
"I never seen him like this before" said Ryoko "He
didn't even look human at the end"
"It is mortal rage," said Ayeka with deep sadness in
her voice "only the most powerful and most fierce
juriens ever choose to experience it. I watched it
happen to my father and brother and I always hoped
that I wouldn't see Tenchi like that, but I now know
that he must endure this if he is to rule our kingdom
someday."
"Did you hear what Vegeta said to him out in the
fields" said Ryoko
"Yes it was very terrible, Vegeta chose a sensitive
subject that pushed him over the edge of sanity. He
did it to drive him mad with anger in order to unleash
the power within him."
"But how did he know?"
"I would presume Yosho told him about Tenchi's mother
so that he could use it to get that kind of reaction
out of him. Now hell have bouts of rage until someone
teaches him how to control his power."
"You mean he's goanna be like that all the time?"
"Yes, some Juriens learn to adapt very quickly while
others go throe years of this torture"
        The two sat in silence for several minutes until the
door opened once again. Tenchi stepped out still
holding the sword, but his face was now calm and he no
longer appeared to be angry. The girls took this a
sine that he had calmed and it was safe to approach
him. "Tenchi" Ayeka began "Are you Ok?" Tenchi didn't
answer instead he just sat down between the girls and
looked down at the floor.
"What could he have done that pushed you into the
mortal rage?" Ayeka continued. Tenchi looked up at her
and then at Ryoko, with a loud sigh he looked back
down at the floor, "I was never so angry at anyone in
my life" said Tenchi, "I would have given my soul to
kill that guy." Ryoko put her arm around him and
guided his head to her shoulder. "Do you want me to
kill him?" she said with a smirk. Tenchi cheered up a
bit and then remembered what Vegeta said to him that
day out in the field and frowned once more.
"Do you know what he said to me?" asked Tenchi, the
two girls looked at each other.
"N.. , no", replied Ryoko as she stared at Ayeka
“We got there at the end," added Ayeka.
"Well then you missed the part where he...." Tenchi
trailed off.
"When he what" asked the girls in union
"Nothing, we better get to dinner" Tenchi stood up and
headed to the door. The girls looked at each other
once more, then without a word they followed him out.
Dinnertime passed quietly. Tenchi sat at the head of
the table again, flanked by Ayeka and Ryoko. Across
from them sat Vegeta with Sasami and Goku on either
side of him. Gohan sat next to his father with Mihoshi
on his other side. Strangely Krillin and Washu where
absent from the table.
"Eat everybody," cheered Sasami "eat a lot". Tenchi
still kept his head down concentrating on his plate.
        The Saiyan prince engulfed one bowl of rice after
another grunting as he chewed. The rest could sense
the tension in the air and chose to remain quiet, even
Ayeka and Ryoko chose to ignore each other and
pretended to eat. Towards the end of the meal Sasami
and Gohan went of to play. While Mihoshi collected
dishes and brought them to the sink. Goku looked at
piccolo who still had his bokken at his feet, "You
want to get some practice in before sleep?" he asked
"I don't know, you feel like getting you ass kicked
again?" replied Piccolo as he stood up. Goku grinned
as he stood up as well and the two walked out of the
kitchen and proceeded out back to the fields. The
girls no longer picket at their food but stared at
Vegeta.
        The short man had eaten enough for three people and
was still going, realizing that he was being watched
he looked up, "What are you looking at, haven you ever
seen a person eat!" Tenchi glanced up; he then looked
at Ayeka and Ryoko and motioned for them to leave. The
two could see that his eyes where begging to turn red
again, that was when Ayeka grabbed Ryoko and dragged
her from the table. "You'll thank me for this tomorrow
daemon" she said as he pushed Ryoko out of the
kitchen.
        The saiyan looked on with great interest at Tenchi
who now again was in the midst of his mortal rage. The
prince stood up and walked calmly over to where Tenchi
was sitting and plopped down next to him. Tenchi was
confused, but did not let his guard down. "You still
mad at me about what I said in the fields?" he asked
as he pulled a fresh plate toward himself. Tenchi just
continued to stare at him, finally realizing that he
needed to say something he blurted out "Yes, you had
no right to talk about my mother that way!"
"This is good," replied Vegeta, "The anger you feel
now, even after you found out why those things where
said, it is you power calling you. It is pent up
because you are holding back, you must learn to
channel you anger and use it to increase you power."
        Tenchi continued to look puzzled; Vegeta stood up and
motioned for him to do the same. When the two where on
their feet Vegeta took a step back and began to power
up. "Do like me" he said as he let out a yell. Tenchi
could feel the anger rise in himself, he closed his
eyes and concentrated. His heart pounded and his
temples throbbed, Tenchi forced himself to continue
even though his legs felt like Jelly. Finally he felt
like his head would explode if he didn't do something
so he opened his mouth and let out a loud yell. The
sound could be heard all the way up at the shrine,
where Yosho was drinking Tea, putting the cup down he
said to himself "It is time"
        The white fire covered his body once more and his
eyes where now so red that his pupils could not longer
be made out. Then when Tenchi thought that he was just
about to pass out the pain suddenly stopped. Opening
his eye Tenchi saw that Vegeta was staring at him with
a shocked expression. Tenchi looked at himself, his
clothes where torn and blood was streaming from his
nose, ears and eyes. He however felt no pain but more
alive then he ever was. It felt so good that he let
out a laugh.                    This feeling did not last long as
Tenchi suddenly became very light headed after a few
minutes. "That was too much for you first time kid"
said Vegeta as he walked over to him "You're goanna
feel pretty sore tomorrow morning". The room was
growing darker in Tenchi's eyes as he collapsed to the
ground; the last thing he saw before he passed out was
his Grandfather walking into the room.
"I see you've decided to continue his training," said
Yosho as he leaned over the fallen boy.
"It was ether that or fight him, and I'm just not in
the mood to kill today" said Vegeta as he turned to
leave ". I've broken the rage he should be easier to
teach now, I have seen only a few fighters who were
able to pass this stage so quickly." The saiyan turned
to leave "I've done more then I should have, so you're
on your own now."
Ryoko and Ayeka where sitting on the couch together
watching Goku and Sasami play Mortal Combat 3 on the
newly acquired Nintendo that Tenchi received for
Christmas when Vegeta passed them on his way upstairs.
        Gohan was pounding furiously at the buttons but to no
avail as he was beaten senses by Sasami. "Common jump,
no block, block," shouted Gohan at the screen as
Sasami blasted away with one attack after another. The
battle was over quickly and Gohan hung his head in
defeat. "Don't worry" Said Sasami as she patted him on
the back you can play me again any time.
"Beaten by a girl, you should be ashamed of your
self," laughed Vegeta who stopped to look at the game,
"I want to see you try this" Gohan yelled back
"Please, this sort of think is beneath me"
"Oh I understand, scared aren't you"
"Scared, of that little thing, I'll show you". Before
the others could react Vegeta was sitting next to
Sasami with the controller in his hand. Sasami gave a
quick smile to Gohan and turned her attention to
explaining how the game worked.
"OK, Ok I got it, if a child like you can operate this
thing then so can I" said Vegeta after a few minutes
"Let get this over quick". The two selected their
characters; Sasami chose Sonia and Vegeta chose Smoke.
The word "go" flashed on the screen and the battle
began. Vegeta pounded on the controller, but it was no
use Sasami dogged his attacks and landed her own. "How
can this be" shouted Vegeta as his fighter was throne
across the screen. The battle was over in seconds and
at the end Sasami taped a few buttons in rapid
secession and the screen got very dark, suddenly Sonia
ran over to Smoke and ripped his head off. The saiyan
was stunned as the words "fatality" and "flawless
victory" flashed over the screen.
"I don't believe this," yelled Vegeta as he threw his
controller down "Me beaten by a child"
"A girl" added Gohan as he dubbed over with laughter.
Sasami stood up and walked over to where Vegeta was
sitting "Don't worry, you did really well for a
beginner. We'll play again sometime Ok" she petted him
on his head and walked upstairs. Vegeta stared blankly
at the screen still not sure of how to react to the
girls words, at that time he noticed Gohan still
laughing and flashed him an evil stare. Gohan backed
away in fear.
"At least I can still frighten people," he thought to
himself as he proceeds to his room.

Meanwhile

        Yosho carried Tenchi throe the door to Washu's lab.
"Ah back again Tenchi" said the scientist as she
guided Yosho to the examination table. She proceeded
to probe him for a few minutes before telling the
priest that he would be fine in the morning but should
remain with her until then. Yosho was ready to leave
when he heard a voice from the shadows, "Master Yosho,
can you get me out of here please". Yosho gave Washu a
look of disapproval, "Fine I'm dome with you anyway"
said Washu as she pressed a button on the wall.
        A half dressed Krillin fell into sight from what
appeared like an operating table, deciding not to push
his luck he grabbed his GI and ran out of the portal
shouting "thank you master". That night Sasami had a
strange dream, Tenchi had was fighting a dark creature
and he was loosing she could see him being broken down
slowly until the creature delivered a final blow.
Sasami awoke screaming and it took Ayeka several hours
to lull he back to sleep.

Next chapter... Tenchi prepare your self

--------------------------------------------------------
Thanks for all your e-mails they really helped me on
this chapter. Any comments, ideas or death treats
would be greatly appreciated.---arshak999@yahoo.com
