Narrator: Mihoshi and Kiyone decided to stay Tenchi's house.Everything was
peacful until... Booomm!!!

Ayeka: "Didn't I tell you to keep your hands off Lord Tenchi!"

Ryoko: Oh you're just jealous cause he likes me better.

Mihoshi: "Ayeka,Ryoko please keep it down. Your dynamic duo is giving me
cold feet!

Ayeka and Ryoko: Shut up!!

Mihoshi: Well you don't have to yell WAAAGGH!!!

Sasami: Lunch is ready. Hey what happened to Tenchi,were Ayeka and Ryoko
arguing again.

Mihoshi: Yes they were.

Tenchi: Oh my aching head!

Sasami:Come on!

         Meanwhile Somewhere Else...

 Narrator: Cell was finally defeated. Goku died in the battle which makes
 things harder. Like before after Chi Chi got the groceries she had to run
 for her life from a vicious bull. The bull slid on the food she dropped and
 crashed into her. When Chi Chi found the bull unconcious she ran her way
 back home. I wish Goku were here. He is the only one who has a driver's
licence.
 All of a sudden Gohan appeared.

Gohan: Hey mom you need a lift?

Chi Chi: Yes Gohan.

Narrator Meanwhile Piccolo was waiting for Gohan to arrive for
> training. Then he finally arrived.

Piccolo: Gohan what took you so long? You're an hour late!
>
 Gohan: Sorry Piccolo I had to fly my mom back home.
>
 Piccolo: It figures. So are you ready for training?

Gohan: you bet!
>
Back at Tenchi's home everyone sat down for dinner.

 Mihoshi: Why are we having cotton candy
>
Everyone: Because that's all we have!

Sasami: I checked the fridge and this all there was.

Nobuyuki: And the fridge was filled yesterday

Mihoshi: Oh, I forgot, Sasami how do make that beef stew?
I tried and tried, but it never turned out right.

Everyone: Hmmm?

Kiyone: You mean you wasted all that food just to make one little stew, even
though you can't even cook well??

 Mihoshi: Uh, Yeah

Everyone: Flopp.

 N: Later that night BEEP!

Kiyone: I guess we got a another call for duty, we'll see you later

N: They got out their uniforms from their suitcases.

Sasami: You're not going to change in front of us are you?

 Mihoshi: Hey,thanks for reminding us, we were about to.

Kiyone: We? Who's we?

Mihoshi: You and me of course.

Kiyone: Oh brother.

N: The two detectives went into another room to change. Mihoshi and Kiyone
waved good bye and left for Yagami

 Ayeka: Hey where is Ryoko? She's probably grabbed Tenchi and ran off
somewhere

N: Suddenly there was a shadow behind her.
 Ryoko: Booooooo!!!

Ayeka: Aaaagghhh!!

Ryoko: Hahaha got you there princess

Ayeka: Ryoko!!!

Everyone else: There they go again!

N: Meanwhile outside the Masaki Shrine, Tenchi was gazing at the stars of
the night. A shadow appeared behind him.

Tenchi: Sakuya! What are you doing here?

Sakuya: To see you again silly.

 N: So Tenchi and Sakuya walked home together.