The characters in this fanfic r owned by those BIG Japanimation companies,
not me. So don't dare 2 sue me, or else, I'll...Muahahahaha! Okay, let me
stop. I'm just doin' this 4 fun, so I hope u enjoy.

Episode 1: When Worlds Collide

"Hehe, oh c'mon Trunks-you can do better than that!"
 It was another late and warm afternoon. The Z fighters were currently
having
some playful training.
"Just hurry up already." said Vegeta.
The Saiyan prince was getting rather restless, bored really. Gohan looked at
his father and nodded.
" I hate to say it, but he's right daddy. It's getting pretty late."
*BASH* Goku was lying on the ground with pieces of boulder surrounding him.
Trunks had just kneed him in the stomach and then elbowed him in the back,
which plummeted the Saiyan to the ground below.
" Ow! Hey Trunks, maybe they're right. I think we had better get going,
before you kill me with more of those surprise attacks." Goku explained.
"Sure." agreed Trunks. "We'll just continue tomorrow, then."
Goku looked at his broken arm, then at Trunks. A large sweatdrop formed on
his head. " Hahaha, don't worry Goku, I'm just kidding."

" There is Kakkarot. *Gasp* Prince Vegeta?! But, what is he doing here? And
with this... third class riffraff, nonetheless...."

Goku's good hand clutched his stomach. " Geez, I'm getting hungry..." Yamcha
chuckled." Yeah, we'd better go back home for supper. There's no telling who
or what Goku would eat if he gets hungry enough."
" Hey, what's that supposed to mean?" asked Goku, blankly.

"-Wait, who is this young man? He looks so familiar, and yet, I donot recall
ever seeing him before. Computer!" ~yes ma'am~ "Run a complete analysis on
that being, immediately." ~right away~ " This is very odd. I have plenty of
data on all of the others: Krillin, Yamcha, Tien, Chow-Tsu, Piccolo,
Kakkarot
and his son Gohan, and even his highness. Are you done yet? ~just finished.
here is the data~ " WHAT?! FIRST-CLASS SAIYAN?!"

" Huh?"
The warriors turned around to see a gorgeous young woman spring up from
behind a nearby boulder. She had spiky, cyan-colored hair and golden
cat-eyes.
" Whoa-aaaaaaaa!"
 She stumbled, fell, and hit her head hard against the ground.
" Oh my gosh!"
Gohan raced to the young woman's side.
" Are you alright miss?" he asked. There was no reply. Gohan lifted her
head,
and then noticed that she was bleeding. By this time, the others had formed
a
circle around the stranger.
" She's hit her head really hard. She's unconscious and bleeding, but still
breathing."
 After a few seconds of discussion, they all decided to take the newcomer to
see Dende. Since most of Trunks'' training suit was torn, he ripped a long
piece off and tied it around her head to stop the bleeding. He picked her up
and started off to the lookout, slightly trailing behind the others.

Whoa, what a turn of events. First, I actually wake up on time this morning.
Then, I learn that Chi-Chi is pregnant; one of the many reasons why Goku
finally decided to come back. And now, I'm carrying a beautiful, unconscious
girl to see Dende. Man, what next? Is Vegeta going to tell me that he loves
me?Huh, fat chance.

The intrepid team of DragonBallZ have all encountered a
"beautiful stranger". Is she friend or foe? Will the women approve? And
finally, will Vegeta admit that he loves his son? Find out next time on
DragonBallZ...

So, was it good? Please E-MAIL me ur thoughts, suggestions, comments, or
even
insults at  coolnessa@aol.com. Thanx! ^_^

P.S.  More to this story comin soon...

          *~The Outlaw~*
