Authors note: I do not own any of the characters in the tenchi series so don't sue me. If I did I wouldn't know what to do with them, maybe invite them over my house for a pool party and fondue :)

P.S. I'm an American and not a humongous anime enthusiast and don't watch tenchi all day long and I will use the names I here on the show in the U.S.


And Now the Fanfic:
Demons in Japan
Part 1: Introduction
Tenchi's Day started out with the usual: got up, made the bed, brushed his teeth, ducked the chi blast that would have taken off his head, break up a fight between Aeka and Ryoko, have breakfast with everyone (except Washu who was in her lab making something that would destroy the universe) and go to the fields to work. All was going well at the Masaki house until a strange man in red showed up at their house.

Man: Are you Tenchi Masaki?

Tenchi: Who wants to know?

Man: A man who came all the way from America, my name is Dante Sparda

All of a sudden Yosho and Ryoko come outside

Yosho: I'm Glad I can finally meet The Legendary Dark Knight
 (Author's note: Not Batman)

Ryoko: What are YOU doing here!?

Tenchi: You know him, Ryoko?

Ryoko (scowling): Anyone who's a demon knows him

Dante: I think my reputation precedes me

Tenchi was still clueless about who he is

Ryoko: He's a demon hunter

Tenchi instinctively puts Ryoko behind him

Dante (scoffs): easy kid, if I wanted her I could have taken her

Yosho: He is the son of the demon swordsman who fought for justice, Sparda
It is an honor
Yosho bows

Dante (sweat drop moment): uhhh-huh

Ryoko: You still didn't answer my question

Dante: I'm here because my brother has come to Japan to kill Tenchi and take his soul to 

Hell and make him a soldier of darkness

Tenchi (shocked): WHAT! YOUR BROTHER!?!?

Dante: Did I mention he was corrupted and was made into a hunter of mortals to seek out mortals for his boss's army as well?

All: No

Yosho: Tenchi, don't be rude. Show Dante inside

Tenchi still shocked shows him in the house, which welcomes them with a huge 
explosion. Dante reaches for his guns 

Tenchi: That's just Washu

Dante: Who?

Washu: ME, THE GREATEST SCIENTIFIC MIND IN THE UNIVERSE!!

Those little doll show up on her shoulders

A: That's right Washu you're the greatest!

B: Three cheers for Washu! Hip Hip Hooray! Hip Hip Hooray! Hip Hip Hooray!

A+B: Washu! Washu! Washu! Wash-

Before anyone could react Dante put a bullet in each of the dolls heads

Dante: Ohh that was so annoying

Washu: Hey! You'll pay for that!

Washu's holotop appears and she starts typing

Washu: I'll make you a toad!

A light appears under Dante and then...Boom!

Right where Dante was standing there was...

Washu: What! My holotop blew up and you're still human! How!?! 

Dante: Lady, You don't know who I am, do you?

Washu: Who!?!

Ryoko phases through a wall

Ryoko:  He's Dante Sparda 

Washu: And that means...

Tenchi: A demon hunter that is also half demon himself and is here to kill his damned brother

Washu: Oh

Tenchi: As I was saying this is Washu

Washu: You may call me Little Washu

Tenchi: Over in the kitchen is Sasami

Sasami: Hi 

Dante: How ya doin'

Tenchi: And that's her sister Aeka

Aeka: A pleasure to meet you 

Tenchi: You've already met Ryoko

Ryoko: Hmf

Tenchi: That's my father, Noboyuki

Noboyuki: Oh another guest

Tenchi: Over there is Kiyone

Dante: and who is that on the couch
Tenchi: That's-

Kiyone: MIHOSHI WAKE UP!!

Mihoshi: zzzz.... Wha huh? 

Kiyone: typical

Mihoshi :Oh hello umm... who are you?

Everyone falls anime style

Later at dinner...

 Sasami: So Dante why are you here

Dante was about to say he was here to stop his brother but Yosho spoke first

Yosho: He's an old friend of mine (whispers to Dante) best not worry her

Sasami: Oh

Mean while Ryoko and Aeka were eyeing each other like they're about to have world war 3

Dante: What's up with those 2

Tenchi: You'll see

Ryoko: Tenchi would you like to come with me on a walk

Aeka: OVER MY DEAD BODY!!

Mihoshi: oh here we go again

Ryoko: AND I SUPPOSE SOMEONE LIKE YOU IS GOING TO STOP ME

Aeka: TAKE THIS YOU DEMON

Aeka send those little logs and electrocutes her

Ryoko: Ahhhhh! OH YEAH HERE! CATCH!

A chi ball hits Aeka and stuns her and it goes on and on until...

Dante (in a deep and demonic voice): SILENCE!!
Everyone including Ryoko and Aeka stops not only because of the deep voice, but also the blood red aura around him. Sasami runs out of dinning room scared. 

Tenchi: What on earth was that!

Dante: Whenever I lose my temper I show my demonic side

Tenchi: Well it's been a long day maybe we should go to bed

Noboyuki: Okay where is he going to sleep?

Dante: I really don't sleep much

Later outside...

Dante (to himself): Where are you, brother

End of Part 1
Author: Well if my fanfic sucked email me and make some suggestion and constructive criticism and if you email me just to tell me my fic sucked your email will be happily deleted:). Also I apologize for the lack of cabbits :(
