Author's note: I do not own any characters in the Tenchi series or in 
the game Devil May 

Cry so please do not sue.

Demons in Japan
Part 2: Hell's Army Advances

Dante awoke to the sound of wood smacking against wood and Tenchi 
grunting somewhere 

far off. He looked at his watch.5:47. Way to early to be up. He got up 
out of the tree he 

slept in because he stayed up so late he didn't bother looking for a bed 
in the house. He 

walked to where he heard the sound and found Tenchi hit a small block of 
wood up in the 

air with a wooden katana and was trying to keep it up there.

Dante: "Do you mine keeping it down?"

Tenchi stops and catches the block of wood

Tenchi: "I thought you said you didn't sleep"

Dante: "I said I don't sleep much" 

Yosho: "Tenchi! Get back to training you have to make up that day you 
missed"

Dante: "Is that why you're doing that?"

Tenchi: "Yeah. Hey after breakfast why don't you spar with me?"

Dante (grinning): "I wouldn't want to embarrass you in front of 
everybody"

Tenchi: "I'll take that as a yes"

Tenchi and Dante are later by the lake in fighting stances. Tenchi 
using a katana and 

Dante using a broad sword while every body was sitting in the stands 
(provided by 

Washu) eating popcorn. Washu goes over to Ryoko and Aeka to talk.

Washu: "So who do you think will win?"

Aeka: "My Tenchi is going to win this fight it won't take long"

Just before the fight stared Dante asked for Mihoshi to come here

Dante: "Listen, could you hold these for me?"

Gives her two hand guns

Dante: "And this"

Gives her a shotgun

Dante: "And this"

Gives her a grenade launcher (author's note: no he's not stupid, he 
just doesn't know 

Mihoshi), 

Dante: "And these"

And gives her a pair of gauntlets, a sword, and a weird looking energy 
gun

Dante: "Thanks. and could you not touch them"

Mihoshi: "Okee-dokee"

Mihoshi runs back, almost dropping the arsenal

Yosho: "Readyyyyyy.FIGHT!!"

Dante and Tenchi ran up to each other and their swords clash. Tenchi 
tries to sweep him, 

but Dante jumps and counters with an overhead slash, which is easily 
blocked. Dante 

thrust his sword, but tenchi spun out of the and right behind him and 
slash. Dante would 

have gotten a bad cut if he hadn't put his sword behind him and blocked 
it, then gave him 

a kick to the stomach. Just as soon as Tenchi recovered he put his 
sword to Dante's throat 

only to find Dante has done the same thing. If either of them flinched, 
heads would be 

rolling

Tenchi: "So, want to call it a stalemate"

Dante (chuckling): "Sure"

Dante does an amazing somersault and lands perfectly to his end of the 
arena. Then 

Starts flipping his sword around and throws it at Tenchi's head.

Aeka + Ryoko: "TENCHI!!"

Tenchi back flips and misses the sword completely. The sword continues 
and came just a 

couple of centimeters from Aeka's head and shaves off some hair and 
hits a nearby tree, 

which is hit with such force it crashes down. Tenchi looks at where the 
tree used to be 

standing and the back at Dante, who had a smile on his face. All of a 
sudden a large 

explosion hit Dante and sending him flying into the lake

Tenchi: "DANTE!!"

Mihoshi had touch the grenade launcher

Kiyone: "MIHOSHI, YOU IDIOT I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU WOULD TOUCH THA -

OH MY GOD!!"

Kiyone just realized where the grenade hit runs up to the lake and was 
just about to dive 

in, when all of a sudden a black and blue creature flew out of the 
water. Everyone looked 

up to see a winged demon hovering over them. Then, the demon turned 
into Dante 

and he fell to the ground, landing with a dull thud. Tenchi ran over to 
help Dante

Tenchi: "Dante say something"

Dante: "ouch"

Dante gets up and looks at everybody who where almost petrified

Dante: "what"

Tenchi: "do you remember what happened"

Dante: "not really, I remember throwing the sword but after that it's 
kinda fuzzy"
 
Yosho: "you were hit by a grenade and fell into the lake, then turned 
into a winged 

demon"

Dante: "oh that happens sometimes. See when I lose consciousness and 
I'm in danger my 

inner demons take over and put me in a safe spot. What you just saw was 
Alastor"

Mihoshi (while crying her eyes out): "I'm sorry I touch your stuff I 
was just wondering 

what it was"

Dante: "it's all right. Well I think that match is over. I'm going to 
town"

Yosho: "Not so fast you have some work to do" 

Dante: "What?"

Yosho: "That tree you knocked over hit the house"

Dante: "ohhh.ok"

Yosho: "And you still have chore, Tenchi"

A couple of hours later.

Dante: "All done"

Tenchi: "and just in time for dinner"

Dinner past by quickly, probably because Ryoko and Aeka were afraid 
that Dante would 

go demon if they fought. Mihoshi was showing Dante how to use 
chopsticks

Mihoshi: "you see you hold them like this. Now you're getting the hang 
of it"

Dante: "Thanks. Well I'll be outside if you need me"

Outside Dante was practicing his martial arts by the lake then stopped 
suddenly

Dante: "I know your there, don't be afraid"

Sasami walked slowly out of the bushes

Sasami: "how'd you know it was me?"

Dante: "another advantage of being half demon"

Dante looked down at Sasami and kneeled

Dante: "is that why you were so afraid of me?"

Sasami just nodded

Dante: "well you don't have to be. I may lose my temper, but I wouldn't 
lose control of 

myself"

Sasami: "Okay"

 Dante: "hey you want to me teach you some fighting techniques?"

Sasami: "Sure"

Dante and Sasami practiced for hours and hours.

Dante: "You're a natural, kid, but it's getting late you should go to 
bed"

Sasami went skipping off into the house

Aeka: She's going to figure out why your really here, you know"

Dante: "I know, but I just don't want her to see the fighting that's 
going to take place 

here"

Aeka looked surprise at this

Aeka: "How do you know"

Dante: "I can feel my brother getting closer by the day"

Aeka:!?!?

Dante: "could you do me a favor?"

Aeka: "what?"

Dante: "when my brother gets here promise me you can get her some where 
far enough 

so she can't see or hear the fighting"

Aeka: "why?"

Dante: When my brother was alive we would play together all the time. 
We used to 

pretend to sword fight with some sticks, but before anyone won our 
mother would 

call for us for dinner.then it happened when we were coming home a 
strange man was 

in our house, my mother asked 'who are you' he didn't even bother 
answering, he killed 

my mother then my brother right in front of me, but just when he was 
about to kill me 

something happened, my blood was boiling through my veins and then I 
just killed him. I 

killed my first demon at the age of 13."

Aeka: "that is why you want Sasami away"

Dante: "so that she wouldn't have to see bloodshed and lose her purity"

Aeka: "You have my word as the first princess of Jurai"

Dante: "Thank you"

Dante walked away

Dante: "I'm going out to get supplies"

Meanwhile in the underworld

Nelo Angelo: WELCOME BRETHRENS OF HELL, IN A SHORT TIME WE SHALL 

HAVE OUR GENERAL FOR OUR ARMY

Hundred of demons could be seen cheering madly. Nelo then held up his 
arms

Nelo: SOON WE SHALL FEAST ON THE FLESH OF MORTALS AND SATISFY 

OUR THIRST WITH THEIR BLOOD!!!!

The demons continued cheering and screaming

 Back in Japan Dante was at a gun store

Dante: "300 rounds of 9mm ammo, 2 shotguns, 100 shotgun shells and 2 
hand guns"

Store clerk: "Jeez, what's with the arsenal"

Dante: "I'm taking a few of my friends hunting"

Store clerk: "okay it's your money. That'll be $570

Dante gives him the money and takes the stuff and goes to a dark alley. 
A few minutes 

later some people claimed the saw a man flying over Tokyo. Dante got 
back at the 

Masaki house at 12:00. When he got in it was pitch black and he decided 
to fall asleep on 

the couch. He fell asleep quickly (authors note: He doesn't sleep much, 
but he did spar 

with Tenchi) later Dante eyes opened and found him in hell. He looked 
around and saw 

millions of demons cheering and saw that tenchi and the gang were being 
tortured and 

saw his brother laughing with someone by his side. a little girl?

Dante awoke and said one word

Dante: "Sasami"

End Of Part 2
Authors note: Well if you guys have any suggestions for the next 
chapter tell me. Also I don't have any plans including Ryo-oki, but I 
will try to make Ryoko a bigger character
