The Dimensional Crisis: Dragonballz / Tenchi / Ronin warriors crossover. The 
worlds of many Animes collide in a freak accident in Time and space.

This is Rotnok this is for your Reading pleasure (Takes a bow). I am so glad you 
decided that you want to read this Fanfic.  I thank you (I'm a new writer so 
please give me ideas or Comment on my writing I thank you. (Comments, Threats, 
love letters, or for the hell of it write me at tonyja.... oh sorry Tony 
tddeyoung31785@cs.com that is the real one thx

I have used some names and characters in this Fanfic that I am not able to use 
without having a disclaimer 
Dragonballz = Akira Toyama
Tenchi Muyo
And Ronin Warriors
are all owned by their respective owners not by me.  I however own the name of 
Rotnok is owned by me 

Any commentary e-mail tddeyoung31785@cs.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

It was a sunny day in Tenchi's back yard. Tenchi was on a walk with Sasami and 
Ryohoki, trying to escape the horrors of everyday life. As he walks he looks 
around Thinking about anything that came to mind and looking at the lovely 
scenery.

Tenchi "hummm what a beautiful morning"

Sasami "Yeah I know look at all the red and blue in the sky"

Tenchi "RED?"

Then in the distance the Red light flashed and a large explosion was herd.  From 
behind Tenchi, Sasami and Ryohoki the little Cabbit ran up looking puzzled at 
the Red light.   

Sasami "what is it"

Tenchi "I don't know"

Washuu "Its a time portal/space portal it will suck anything in and send them to 
a new world"

Tenchi (Sweat drop formed) "Oh great jusdt what we need.  But why here."

Washu "I would not know but all i know is that you should nbot go into it untill 
I anilize it"

Just then Ryoko fazed from behind them also looking puzzled at the blue light 
radiating from over the ridge.  

Ryoko "Well Tenchi lets go look" 

She then grabbed Tenchi playfully and started Flirting with him then a voice 
came from behind them.

Ayeka "Miss Ryoko let go of Tenchi...NOW" she said fury in her eyes

Then where the Blue light came from a figure stood sword in hand and then 4 more 
jumped up behind him.

Tenchi "Who are they"

Ryo "HEY WHO ARE YOU?"

Tenchi "I have half a mind to ask you the same question you guys"

Ryo "Answer me now" he said jumping up Sage, Kento, Rowen, and Cye followed

Tenchi "I don't think we are enemies"

Ryo "Me neither"

Cye "I approve you don't look like any of the dark Dynasties Lords"

They followed Tenchi and his Group to the house and the Ronin warriors told 
their stories to Tenchi.  Tenchi now speechless with the complexities of their 
world said.

Tenchi "Wow so you were fighting those lords and then a Red portal opened and 
yous were sucked in but where were those lords sent"

Ryo "Probably to another world"

Cye "hummmmmm"

Kento "So all we have to do is go back through that portal and it will take us 
back home"

Washu "Nope, that portal will just take you Not to your world but a new one"

Tenchi "well we have to help them ill go into the portal with them maybe the 
next world will have a way to change all of this"

They all went to the portal and Tenchi walked inside the portal the Ronin 
Warriors Followed closely behind him and Ryoko & Ayeka behind them.  When they 
woke up they were in a New World they knew nothing about.  They walked around a 
bit then came to a small campsite out in the middle of nowhere and another about 
50 yards off from that.  A fire was going so they stayed but when 2 warriors 
came back to find someone intruding on them they wanted answers.  One warrior 
was about to kick Tenchi's ass but Ryoko stopped him by punching him and then he 
looked over at Ryoko and laughed and then sat down.

Tony "I did not think you were all to much of a threat to us"

Rotnok "Well what the hell is going on here did you make a few new friends here"

Tony "No just met these people and they have a nice story to tell us before we 
kick their asses for being in our camp"

Tenchi and Ryo told Rotnok the story frankly Rotnok and Tony were speechless.

Tony "SO YOUR FROM A DIFFERENT WORLD"

Rotnok "Cool"

Ryo "Yeah Cool" He said sarcastically

Cye "Now we have to find a way to get out of this pickle"

Tony "Yeah I bet"

Rotnok "Its too bad we cant help but I know someone who can"

Then Rotnok and Tony took the warriors to go see Goku in the hospital (He had 
just been in the battle).

Rotnok "Hey Goku these people are from a different world they need are help to 
get them to their own worlds"

Goku "Id love to help but if you have not noticed Rotnok IM IN A IRON LUNG HERE"

Gohan "Maybe the Dragonballs could help but Piccolo has been killed by Nappa and 
Vegeta we just fought them and won"

Tony "Yeah but Goku looks a little beat up"

Rotnok "Yeah, hey then how are we going to wish the Piccolo back if the 
Dragonballs are gone?"

Krillin "Bulma and Mr. Popo found a space pod by Yamsibet Heights out in the 
middle of nowhere it seems like it was Kame's ship that he got when he came here 
as a kid"

Rotnok "AHhhh so that's how it is done"

Tony "Then we ask that you take these guys with you to Namek to get new D-balls"

Ryo "Where?"

Cye "Sounds like a place called N...Namek or something like that"

Kento "I new I should have had another hamburger"

Doctor "You can go get some food in the Cafeteria"

Tony "Cafeteria food ewwwww"

Rotnok "Ditto"

Sage "How can you think of food"

Tenchi and the Girls "Were all hungry.  What's so bad about Cafeteria food"

Goku leans out to Rotnok "They must be out of Towner's hu"

Rotnok "Hehe that's funny"

Tony "What?"

Rotnok "Ill tell you later"

Cye and Sage "What's so funny?"

Rotnok "Nothing I...ummm...Look a naked chick in the window"

Unfortunately the only one he tricked was Tony and he was forced to run.  On the 
way he ran into Bulma and used her as a shield.

Bulma "What the hell are you doing?"

Rotnok "Hide me"

Cye "Stop playing around let's just get going"

Rotnok and Cye told the story and Tony told them that they needed to look for 
the Namek Dragonballs to wish them to their other world and back to normal.  
Bulma wide mouthed (What else is new) was shocked and tried to gather up all of 
the stories.  She was happy to oblige and showed them all around until they 
reached the Capsule Corp. Building they went inside and went strait to where Dr. 
Briefs was rebuilding the ship.

Bulma "There it is the ship we will be flying in"

Cye "It looks like a monster"

Ryo "Ditto"

Dr. Briefs "My dear who are your friends??"

Bulma "Friends from another world.  Hey guys I have to go visit Mr. Popo to 
learn how to operate this ship can yous all stay here my mom will get you some 
food and a room to stay in until we lift off"

Cye "Happy to"

Kento "Very happy to"

Sage "Quit sucking up to her for food"

Kento "Shut up"

Ryo "Thank you"

Tenchi "I'm honored"

Ryoko "Tenchi hey hey hey" obviously under the impression that they were 
flirting "What the hell you doing?"

Bulma just walked away and paid them no attention.  They all slept well at night 
and in the morning it was time to go the ship was rebuilt and it was time to go 
to Namek.  They all met at Master Roshi's house and that is where the girls met 
Master Roshi first hand (When I say hand I mean hand)

Ayeka "ahhhhh Hentai" She then slapped Master Roshi 

Master Roshi "I......It..... It was a joke yeah that's it a joke"

Bulma "YOU DIRTY OLD FART"

Tenchi got into the ship and was not there for the hysterical moment of Gohan's 
arrival.  But of course the girls Ryoko and Ayeka thought it was cute and got 
praised by Chi-Chi and then it was time for lift off. Master Roshi shook 
Krillin's hand Gohan said good-bye to Chi-Chi.  The other 9 got on the ship and 
got settled in.  To say the least it was a little cramped in there.  If you 
walked through you always stepped on someone's feet.  It was not long before 
they were in the black outer space it was so quiet and then Bulma got up and 
went into the other room to sleep and left the 9 other people in there to fend 
for themselves. Krillin and Gohan just mentally fought and the rest slept then 
in the morning Bulma got up and they were being attacked by the drone ships.  It 
was intense but they ended up getting inside of a mirrored ship.  They all got 
out and had a look around and were frankly surprised they were alive.

Krillin and Cye "Maybe it is an alien filled ship"

Bulma "n...no its not its deserted"

Gohan and Ryo "They why are the lights on"

Bulma and Kento "Good question"

Kento "Jinquies''

Ryo "Kento stop that"

Bulma "Ooops forgot to put pants on"

Group "We noticed"

Krillin "Where is everybody if it is occupied"

Gohan "If I knew id tell you"

Krillin "Ok then find out"

Ryo "....."

Cye "haha"

then they all walked into a room where four places were set with a plate of food 
Kento sat at the foot of the table.  Ryo at the head and Bulma and Gohan at the 
sides.  as Ryo sat a knife flew out of the fruit that was set at the table and 
as he herd it he caught it.  Just then a large square space from the floor rose 
up many more flew up and 100 men came out of each.  A short race of people stood 
in front of them all pointing Guns at them.  

Krillin "DAMN"

Gohan"Ahhhh take this"

Cye "hang on Gohan they are defending they think we are the enemy"

Gohan "I guess"

Zeshin "Be quiet"

Fighter "yeah"

Gohan "Were not your enemies were friends"

Parn "Be careful men these Followers of Freeza are strong"

Ryoko Flew up and fired a ball but it disintegrates because Tenchi yells at her.  
Then the whole ship shakes.

Zeshin "What is it?/"

a screen turned on and a pilot was shouting that they were in an asteroid storm.

Zeshin "Parn stay here and watch them if they move shoot them"

Parn "Yes"

Then a large meteor hit the ship and a sheet of steel falls and just before it 
hits the men and a little girl Krillin and Gohan catch it.

Krillin "are you ok"

Little Girl "Y....Yes"

Krillin "Good"

By this time they were doing everything they could to get the fires out.  The 
Ronin warriors and Tenchi grabbed water hoses and hosed the fires.  Krillin was 
saving anyone who needed help and Gohan and Ryoko and Ayeka were helping in the 
biggest part of the fire. Bulma on the other hand was running to the pilot room 
and shoved Zeshin over.

Bulma "Shove over this is no time to learn"

Zeshin "....."

When it was all done the ship had gotten out almost unscaved and the soldiers 
got up and pointed their guns at Gohan and the gang once again.

Bulma and Ryo "Oh man not this retain again don't you get it we are not your 
enemies."

Parn "Your followers of the evil Freeza only they are that strong."

Zeshin "no Parn they aren't followers of Freeza they helped us."

Little Girl "Maybe there just trying to trick us to get us in our sleep"

Parn "Zeshin,.....I get it their not the followers of Freeza you can trust them"

As Parn walked away Gohan hit him with a pretty personal question.

Gohan "Why..why do you hate this Freeza so much what did he ever do to you"

Parn stopping "He destroyed my home planet"

Then Parn told them all about his home planet its destruction, how, by whom and 
even when it happened and then told them how they escaped. 

Krillin "Pretty clever hu Gohan."

Parn "we thought so"

After they left they all went to sleep and put the autopilot on.  The next day 
they came a cross a planet and were thinking it was Namek.  Bulma made a crash 
landing and that ended up in them all passing out. When they all awoke they were 
in a small room with two people looking like Nameks (Piccolo) were standing.

Radie "O good your awake,  we thought you might not make it.  And if we had not 
picked you up you might not have made it."

Bulma "Who are you"

Zackro "My name is Zackro and this is the worst doctor on this planet Radie"

Gohan "Pleased to meet you"

Radie led them to a room in another house looking thing where their ship was.  
It looked a little beet up and raggedy.

Radie "It may look bad but I think it will still fly"

Krillin "Good"

Then they went inside and ate and there Radie informed them that he knew they 
were looking for dragonballs.  Radie said that he would be glad to take them to 
go look for them and they did right after lunch (Kento's suggestion).  A stingy 
Dinosaur who would not let it was holding the First Dragonball go.  Then when 
Bulma tried to get to the dinosaur Radie held her back.

Radie "There is much danger over that direction"

Bulma "You just want the D-ball for yourself"

Radie "Well I never"

Just then the dinosaur let out an earth-crashing scream.  And they got into a 
pod and flew over to where they herd the scream.  There in the lake was dino 
Bones.

Radie "Told ya"

Bulma "Sorry now lets get down there and get that Dragonball."

Radie "We cant that river is made of acid it will eat you alive but I do have a 
Titanium suit but you will only last 40 seconds at least to add to that I don't 
think anyone here will fit in it its so small."

Gohan "errr I will"

Cye "I know we will lift him out at 40 seconds with a rope or something"

Radie "I have a rope"

Gohan got into the suit and jumped and the count was started.  10. 11. 12. 13. 
14.... it went on where in the water Gohan looked frantically for the dragonball 
and then out of the corner of his eye he saw it the #4 Dragonball.  He swam down 
there. 38 39 40 Pull him up.  Cye and Ryo pulled on the Rope and it came up but 
no Gohan.

Ayeka "Oh my god where is he"

Tenchi "I don't know"

Ryoko flying over the water "Where are you Gohan GOHAN GOHAN"

Bulma "Chi-chi will never forgive me"

On the bottom of the lake Gohan Tugged on the rope only to find it was busted.  
He then charged up and did a ki blast and flew to the top of the water. They all 
let out a sigh of relief as Gohan just laughed.  Over the next day they had 
gathered 6 dragonballs in many adventures in Tornadoes, with Giants, and even 
had to search for hours underwater.  They were on their last dragonball and the 
atmostsphere was perfect and it was a sunny day.  Gohan and Cye led the way with 
Krillin close behind he was unsure that this was all true cause he noticed the 
landscape as it was when the Dino had led them to that acid swamp then as the 
guys got closer and closer they could see a stone building in the distance.  
Sage was farthest ahead and he made it to the stone house and he waited.  Then 
as Gohan and the gang besides Bulma crossed on the rocks they were all grabbed 
by something and suspended.  Bulma not knowing what was up turned around to see 
old friends Radie and Zackro turn into enemies.  

Radie "I never thought this day would come and now it is here and there is 
nothing you can do"

Then 7 different illusions showed up behind them and they were the places that 
the gang had been to find dragonballs.  

Bulma "hey what's up guys"

Zackro "You fools we tricked you"

Bulma pulled out the dragonball that was in her pocket it had turned to a stone 

Bulma "what how what about the quests we went on to get them"

Zackro "All mere illusions on our part"

Radie told them how they had tricked them and how they would escape then the 
green surroundings turned to a gray wasteland and Sage was pissed at this 
trickery.

Bulma "But How?"

Zackro "Easy when we found you you were all unconscious and lying there when we 
found you we were simply going to kill you and steal your ship but we found out 
that you had to have a special code to work it.  So we took you back to our 
house in a cave and sat you down and stole the info we needed but before we 
could destroy you you awoke so we put you on those foolish quests to get your 
precious dragonballs.  Now to steal the information I had to use a little trick 
called the Brain Drain.  I sucked the information I needed and you awoke."

Sage "What the hell is going on? you tricked us"

He lunged toward Zackro but was caught up in midair by one of the octopus 
monsters that held the rest of the team.  When Radie and Zackro walked toward 
Bulma se tried to escape but failed they stole the Dragonball Radar and ran off.

Bulma "NOOOOOOOO get back here"

Zackro now was by the ship and waiting for Radie to say the code

Radie "Pic"

Back on Earth Goku was trying the best he could to get out of the hospital.  

Doctor "Where's the patient"

Chi-Chi "Darn you Goku where have you gone"

Rotnok "Hehe I found him he was trying to train in the northeast mountains."

Goku "ohhhh not here again"

Now on a Planet far out in space Vegeta had landed and was being taken care of 
there.

Freeza Doctor "What happened on earth Vegeta?"

Vegeta "I would rather not talk about it" He said pulling on a glove and 
thinking of the Z-warriors beating the shit out of him (Goku and Gohan (APE)).  

Vegeta "now where's Freeza" 

Freeza Doctor "But Vegeta your not fully healed id be a fool to let you go, You 
should not be worrying about Freeza"

Vegeta "I'm fine now get ready for your next patient FREEZA HIMSELF"

Vegeta walks out of the room and walks down a hall.  The Doctor tried to slow 
him down by giving him his Scouter but he refused it.  Then on his way to 
Freeza's Chamber he is stopped by a frog looking purple dude named Cui.  

Cui "Vegeta I heard about your lose you could not take a measly planet with such 
a small defense, not to mention you lost to a sayjin of 3rd class haha"

Vegeta "ha Cui tell me where did Freeza go"

Cui "He has gone to Namek to get the Dragonballs"

Vegeta Thinking to himself "Oh no Freeza must have herd Radditz's message as 
well" 

Vegeta "Cui let me go"

Vegeta forced his way off of Cui and through a crowd to the doctor he grabbed 
the scouter and ran to his space ship outside of the base he jumped in and took 
off.

Vegeta "Freeza thinks he can get all of the Dragonballs before me well he is 
sadly mistaken, so let the games begin"

Now back to Bulma and the gang it was not looking good only person out of the 
octopuses grasp was Bulma and she was helpless to help her friends even Ayeka 
was in the grasp of the octo monsters but Ryoko was in and out of their grasps 
with her teleportation teck. 

Ryoko "wow ouch got to catch me before you can eat me"

But as she seen Tenchi struggling to get to his sword she decide that it was 
over and blew the Monster to hell. then started to help the others.  

Krillin "Bulma go and stop those 2 now there's not much more time left"

Bulma "What do you want me to do stupid"

Krillin "I donno just stall em"

Cye and Rowen "Yeah we will be there in a few seconds just stall em"

Ryoko "ill help them here go get those 2 and we will be there soon"

Bulma ran as fast she could to where the 2 aliens where.  She got there and 
listened to what they were saying.

Radie "Piccol-covered-Cheese-Burgers"

They stood waiting but when nothing happened they panicked.

Radie "Damn I'm positive that is the code to operate the door"

Zackro Mocking Radie "I know all the terminology used" Serious "We better hurry 
the stellar winds are at there peek and they will soon be over"

Bulma "ohh good they don't know how to open the door"

Radie "I know we can get those kids to help us"

Back where Gohan and the gang were thing were getting better most of them were 
out but Krillin and Gohan were still in and they had to get out. (They can 
scence powerlevels the others don't know where Radie and Zackro are) Ryoko shot 
two beams releasing the upper body of Krillin and Gohan.  They shot 2 
Kamehameha's at the creatures and where released.  They ran in the direction of 
Bulma. Back to where Bulma is.

Zackro "Yeah that girl could help"

Bulma crouched down and hoped they would not see her.  Radie jumped over Bulma 
but Zackro jumped on her. 

Bulma "Ahhh............"

Radie "How convenient"

They took Bulma to the ship.  

Radie "Tell us how to open it"

Bulma "Did you try Piccol-covered-cheese-burgers"

Radie "So you like to mock me to those will be your last words"

Bulma "No ill tell you"

Zackro "Of course you will tell us"

Bulma "All right already....... ... Piccolo"

Zackro "Finally we will get off this rock,  don't worry somebody will come 
around this century"

Bulma "noooooooooooooo"

Radie "Yes"

Radie and Zackro "hahahaha"

As they go up, laughing.

Voice "PICCOLO"

Radie "hu what, ahhh shit I thought you would all be dead"

Zackro "you should have run"

They all got ready to fight.  when Radie and Zackro flinch Gohan and Krillin 
jump towards them and kicked their asses.

Zackro "Your just lucky that I pulled my hamstring last week otherwise I would 
kick your asses in a second."

Bulma "We have to go the Stellar winds are almost over"

with that they got on the Pod.

Bulma "Piccolo, bye bye guys this should tell you not pick on new visitors"

Then they took off. Then a few weeks later they landed on Namek.

Krillin "Wow it looks just like Earth"

Gohan "Yeah it reminds me of the place where Piccolo took me to train"

Krillin "Then you should feel comfortable making sure that you trained in an 
area quite like this"

Ryoko "Where is the people and the houses"

Ayeka "Must be a low grade planet"

Tenchi "I think its beautiful"

Ryo "Yeah"

Cye "lot of landing space and running room"

Kento "I wonder what kind of food they have on this planet"

Sage "Always thinking on food"

Krillin and Gohan stopped laughing and got blue in the face as they looked up at 
the sky.  It was a Sayjin space pod Vegeta's Sayjin space pod.  He was fully 
healed and ready to fight.  Bulma and the others were confused then Bulma looked 
up at the sky and she as well got blue in the face.

Ayeka "What is it guys what where that blue thing its probably just a space ship 
landing on a space port"

Ryoko "Yeah or..something like that"

Tenchi "........"

Gohan "Its a Sayjin space pod"

Krillin "Its Vegeta, I know it is" 

Ayeka "Ve Vegeta who's that."

Krillin "he is a sayjin who was sent to Earth when we fought him he killed 4 of 
our friends and he injured Goku."

Ayeka "Oh great now what"

Krillin "Well you should be safe with us around anyway"

Gohan "AHHHH"

Krillin "What?????"

Gohan pointed to the sky

Krillin "Its its...another sayjin space pod damn who is it why are they here"

somewhere on the planet

Vegeta "ahh lets see what's on this sorry excuse of a planet"

He turned on his scouter and watched.

Vegeta "Hummmm so he brought Zarbon and Didoria along for the ride"

Vegeta looked more and then turned the scouter off.

Vegeta "Hum I can kill Didoria and Zarbon no contest but Freeza he is so much 
more stronger first I must get the dragonballs and wish for eternal life."

Then about a mile away the other pod fell

Cui "Vegeta where are you Vegeta come out and play"

Some where in a Namek village.

Freeza "Thank you my little frog faced worker" as a little man handed Freeza a 
large Dragonball "I'm sure it will make a wonderful addition in my collection"

Zarbon and Didoria were Freeza's 2 right hand men.  Didoria was a fat, short, 
and pink creature with a spiked head and Zarbon was a tall Green handsome (In 
some peoples eyes  feel pity on those people) they both had dragonballs in their 
hands 4 in all.

Back by Vegeta.

Vegeta "Cui so you followed me to this planet well you want to play well lets 
play"

Cui "Someone should have told you not to mess with the big boys"

Vegeta "I am a big boy which is more than I can say for you."

Cui flew over to Vegeta. Unfortunately not unnoticed by Freeza's scouters.

Zarbon "wow theirs Vegeta"

Didoria "Yeah and it looks like Cui is right behind him"

Zarbon "Those small Powerlevels we noticed earlier seem to have vanished but 
don't worry we will find them I sent some men in the area I noticed them before 
their Powerlevels blipped off the screen."

Freeza "I'm not worried about those people I want Vegeta off my back"

Zarbon "Don't worry I don't think you will have to worry about that monkey 
tailed abomination ever again Cui's much more stronger that that sayjin"

Then 3 figures stepped over Freeza and stood behind him.

Freeza "good"

Later with Gohan and the gang

Gohan "Well now what?"

Ryo "Maybe we should leave"

Krillin "No then Vegeta would get the Dragonballs and get his wish"

Cye "He's right then it  would be over for all this universe"

Bulma "Game over"

Krillin and Gohan flinched and then got a serious look on their face.

Krillin "Who are they?"

Gohan "I don't know"

Bulma "Maybe there the Nameks"

Gohan "No their not Nameks"

Bulma "Hu"

Guard 1 "What is that? Who are they?"

Guard 2 "I don't know but Zarbon told us to destroy anyone we find out here"

Guard 1 "Yeah"

Gohan "WHO ARE THEY?  They dress like sayjins but they aren't."

Krillin "Well lets see if they are friendly or not"

Guard 2 "Lets start things off by destroying that ship of theirs"

Guard 1 "Yeah"

The 2 minions flew up and fired a blast strait at the ship and blew it to 
pieces. 

Gohan "No you losers"

Guard 1 "hah ha ha"

Gohan and Krillin were powering up under their breath but never had a chance to 
use their power.  Tenchi jumped up and sliced one with his sword while Ryo had 
killed the other with his and both did not even break a sweet.

Gohan "Damnit they destroyed our space ship"

Krillin "Damn"

Bulma "Please wait maybe we can fix it"

Krillin "Don't worry well ask the Nameks to fix it now we have to leave men can 
be on the way"

Bulma "Yeah I guess your right"

Back to Vegeta

Cui "Now lets find out who is the strongest"

Vegeta "I admire your courage. You don't stand  a chance."

Cui "hahaha look at your Scouter Vegeta you are the one that does not stand a 
chance."

Cui flew over to Vegeta with a little show. He dematerialized and rematerialized 
and with an after image it looked like he went right through Vegeta.

Vegeta "You think you are stronger than me but you know that my time on earth 
was good for me I learned a few things"

Cui "Let me guess you learned how to run away"

Vegeta "NO I LEARNED HOW TO HIDE MY POWER"

(DBZ American fighting music) 
He started to power up and Cui's Scouter started to blip.  

Cui "18,000, 19,000 ahhhh 20,000 this means he is as strong as me"

Vegeta "No I'm much much stronger"

Cui "21,000, 22,000, Over 24,000"

Vegeta "Haha and you thought you had a chance"

Cui "You know we could join forces I'm sure we could kill Freeza and rule the 
universe with our combined strength"

Vegeta "No I'm sorry but I work alone ahhhhhhhhhh"

Cui "Oh Freeza"

Vegeta "Hu what Freeza no"

Cui "Haha Bye bye Vegeta"

Cui fired one blast then several more.  When the dust cleared there was nothing 
but burnt land.  Cui thought for a moment that he had won. But this power had 
not gone unnoticed by Freeza's scouters.

Freeza "You seem to be distracted Zarbon"

Zarbon "Its Vegeta's power level it just gets higher and higher is this possible 
at best it should be 18,000" Zarbon's Scouter breaks

Freeza "He has een training but don't worry only 20,000 thats nothing"

Didoria "No its still going higher 21,000, 22,000, 23,000 ,24,000 over 24,000 
thats even higher than Didorias or mine how are we going to beat that"

Freeza "You will you will just have to combine your Power."

Zarbon "Yes sir"

Cui "I can't believe it I killed him he fell for the lamest trick in the book"

Vegeta "Or did I"

Vegeta stood unharmed and laughed.

Vegeta "You are a discracable warrior I would expect more even from you Cui."

Cui "no, but how"

Vegeta "I also learned on Earth how to increase my speed at will"

Cui "no"

Vegeta "Yes"

Vegeta stood tall (or as tall as he could) and flew over to Cui and hit him in 
the stomach which sent him flying in the air.  Vegeta Raised 2 fingers and said 
good-bye and Cui was blown to smithereens.  

Gohan and the gang were walking to a cave when Gohan felt a power, a rather 
large power was flying towards them.  When Krillin saw the large group of people 
flying near them he ordered everyone into the cave and to keep quiet.  Then 
without warning about 10 warriors flew by the cave.  But three were noticed by 
the warriors.  The Ronin warriors noticed the Dark lords being telekinetically 
flown next to Freeza and Freeza himself in a little motor vehicle that floats.  
As they flew by Krillin got a taste of Freeza's power he was amazed at his high 
power level.  When they all went by Krillin and Gohan were still overwhelmed by 
the power they felt and the Ronin Warriors were overwhelmed because they had 
noticed the 3 dark lords floating.

Krillin "Gohan did you see the guy flying in the front his PL is the highest iv 
ever felt"

Gohan "Yeah I did"

Krillin "Lets just hope that is not the Freeza that they were talking about"

Bulma "Ill get a hold of Master Roshie"

She called Master Roshie and told him to tell Goku but not Chi-Chi.

Gohan "Did you feel that concentration it is as if there was a lot of dragoballs 
in an area"

Bulma "Your Right and it looks like there heading for one more like they know 
where it is"

Later on Earth.

Goku "So doc when do you think I can start training again"

Chi-Chi "GOKU!!"

Doctor "I'm sorry but you are not going to be doing to do much for a little 
while longer"

Goku "OHHHHHHhhhhh"

Master Roshi "Hey Goku ummm is Chi-chi around"

Chi-Chi "YES, I have to go hang laundry DONT WORRY ILL BE BACK"

Master Roshi "Touchy thing, oh Goku its about Gohan and the gang"

Goku "Oh how are they doing on Namek"

Master Roshi "Yeah they landed safely but as it seems Vegeta is with them."

Goku "Vegeta"

Rotnok "Vegeta"

Master Roshi "So it seems that he is already healed and ready to fight and as it 
is now Gohan and the others cant get off the planet because there space ship is 
busted."

Goku "No way"

Master Roshi "It gets worse it seems that there is a stronger force even 
stronger than Vegeta a lot stronger"

Yadjirobie "Hey, Goku you look like one of those mummies"

Rotnok "Did you bring the beans"

Yadjirobe "What do you think I got in my hands"

Yadjirobe walked over to Goku and put a bean in his mouth and gave him the Bag 
of beans.

Goku "Finally, you have no idea how bad the food is here"

Master Roshi "now what"

Goku "Well the last time I talked to Bulma's dad he said that there was no way 
he could make a space ship without the appropriate parts."

Yadjirobe "Well I guess that throws that idea right out of the tube."

Goku "Yeah, But you are forgetting that there is already a ship here that we can 
use"

Master Roshie "Really where"

Goku "The ship I used as a baby to get here it was still intacked just a little 
worn down by not being used"

Rotnok "Can me and Tony Follow along with you if there is enough room in the 
ship."

Goku "Sure from the sounds of it we are going to need all the help we can get"

Rotnok "Thanks"

Goku "Nimbus" He yelled out the window

Rotnok and Tony "we will follow behind you."

Goku "Okay"

Goku and the gang flew to Bulma's house and walked a little bit till they ran 
into Mrs. Brief's.  After having a little talk she took them to Dr. Brief's and 
his space ship.  They walked in and were amazed at the size of the ship.  

Goku "Wow its amazing"

Dr. Brief's "Yeah, I loaded everything you wanted even the training stuff you 
asked for"

Goku "When will it be ready to fly"

Dr. Briefs "It can to anywhere you want to in the galaxy with the press of that 
button"

Goku "Then why is it not ready"

Dr. Briefs "To tell the truth it is ready all you have to do is go press that 
red button over there"

Goku "Then what's wrong with it"

Dr. Briefs "I just have not figured out where to put the cappuccino maker"

Goku "CAPPUCCINO I DON'T WANT CAPPUCCINO"

Dr. Briefs "oh ok"

Goku "We got an urgent call from Bulma and they need our help on Namek"

Dr. Briefs "Ohh well all you have to do is press the button"

Dr. Briefs left the ship and Goku sat and Rotnok and Tony went to grab hold of 
something.  then Goku pressed the button and they were off.  After clearing the 
atmosphere they were able to walk around.  Goku walked up to the gravitron 
machine.

Goku "Well we better start training"

Rotnok "Yeah I guess your right"

Tony "Yeah" 

Goku "lets see 20x normal Gravity"

The large machine made a little bit of noise and then they felt as if they were 
being pulled apart.

Goku "Should have tried to do a little less gravity"

Tony "No kidding"

Goku "hehe"

Back on Namek with Bulma and the gang

Gohan "Their heading strait for a Namek Village"

Bulma "Yeah I know"

Ryo "Knowing the Dark lords their not going there for a nice day out"

Cye "They want to get the dragonballs"

Krillin "Probably for immortality.  Yeah if you gather all the Dragonballs you 
can wish for immortality"

Tenchi "This is good now if they get all of these Dragonballs then they will be 
indestructible"

Kento "How is this possible"

Krillin "It is and if we don't step in the way then there will be no way to stop 
them even if we have power higher then theirs"

Krillin Flew off Gohan flew right behind him and Ryo jumped along.  When they 
finally reached where these mysteries warriors where they could not believe 
there eyes they had 4 dragonballs.  They were also appalled at what they where 
doing they were gathering up all the Nameks to ask them where the dragonballs 
where.  The dragonballs were yellowish orange and they had red stars in them its 
just they wee 3 times bigger than the Earth Dragonballs.  these guys looked 
rough the all wore the outfit of a Sayjin but they weren't.  The worst of all 
were the 6 guys that seemed to be ordering the others around.  Ryo quickly 
noticed 3 of them as the dark lords but the other three were new to both 
warriors.  Now what happened next was rather bad the Nameks were not happy to 
oblige to Freeza's orders.

Freeza "Say something old Namek"

Morie "$^&@*!(#@^$&#**!*@^ #&*@!^&* &*#@!^^*$&"                  He spoke in a 
dialect that no one can understand 

Freeza "Nice try but I know that you can speak our language as well"

Morie "We old Nameks stay here with the children while the others go and work in 
the fields"

Freeza "That's better, now where is the dragonball"  

Morie "Dragonball what's a dragonball"

Freeza "Zarbon what did the last Namek say about the dragonballs after we 
twisted his arm and killed his friend to get the ball"

Zarbon told the story about how the oldest Namek made these balls and gave them 
to the eldest Namek in every village and how there were tasks to get the 
dragonballs

Freeza "I asked him if I could take the test but he refused"

Morie "We will never give you the dragonball."

Freeza "I would hate for you to refuse my immortality"

Krillin  "Eternal life, so that's what their after"

Gohan "Look at those things under their arms"

Krillin "Those look just like Dragonballs, Their huge."

Gohan "So who are they"

Ryo "Yeah friends of yours Krillin"

Krillin "they are part of the planet Trade, yeah a little while ago a sayjin 
named Radditz came to Earth.  He was part of the planet trade.  He said that he 
was part of a planet trade and that he clears planets for other races to live 
on, he said that some of their clients were worst then him.  I think these are 
the clients he was talking about."

Gohan "ooh"

Ryo "..."

Freeza stuck his hand out of his little hover vehicle.  a small ball formed in 
his hand.  

Freeza "Now where are those Dragonballs"

Morie "Children stand back"

The elderly Nameks step forward and then Freeza's energy beam disappeared.  
Zarbon stepped forward threw up his dragonball then he disappeared.  The Nameks 
were rather scared especially when Zarbon showed up behind them.  Zarbon punched 
the elder of the 2 elders. He fell to the ground, then the scouters of all the 
warriors blipped and they soon found out that 3 warriors were on their way.  
Didoria Freeza's left hand man scouted their Powerlevels at 1,000 each.  Then in 
an explosive entrance the three flew in and landed.

Freeza "Ahh nice to see you but your too late to save your friend."

Zarbon smirked and then Freeza ordered his other henchman to attack the 3 
Namekian warriors.  The men grabbed their guns and then rubbed them.  

Freeza Guard "hahaha"

The Minions surrounded The three Nameks then jumped forward and started to 
battle.  But to Didorias and Freeza's surprise the Nameks were holding their 
own.  

Freeza "Mr. Didoria they seem to be holding their own."

Didoria "I don't get it know their powerlevels are 3,000 each"

Freeza "I know they have learned how to hid their powerlevels the wimps"

Gohan "...yeah go Nameks..."

Krillin "alll right"

The scene shifted to Morie and the two kid Nameks.  The eldest Namek Morie was 
thinking

Morie "There are only 3 of those Scouters left if only I can destroy them then 
they will not be able to find the rest of the dragonballs."

Morie thought for a couple of minutes.

Morie "Stand back children"

The two boys stood back and watched.

Morie jumped up and powered up.  Fired 2 blast heading toward the 2 scouters on 
the weakened fighters and then looked at Didoria and fired once more hitting 
Didorias Ear and blowing off the Scouter and destroying it.  

Didoria "The scouters those were his targets not the men at all"

Gohan "The scouters?"

Ryo "A Scouter? What the hell is a scouter?"

Krillin "Yeah now they will not be able to find the rest of the dragonballs"

Ryo "Yeah that's all great and all but what the hell is a scouter?"

Krillin "A thing that helps them find people by searching for their energy 
levels.  Yeah that Namek was smart."

Ryo "ook"

Freeza "Mr. Didoria could you please take out these weaklings."

Didioria "With pleasure ahhhh"

Didoria flew toward the old Namek and started at a punch to him.  He never got 
it off because Freeza told him to take the Young Nameks First.  Back where 
Bulma, Tenchi and The two Girls Ryoko and Ayeka were they were setting up the 
Capsule house in the cave.  The two Girls jumped in and immediately started 
claiming beds.  Unfortunately there were only 4 beds and about 11 people some 
people were going to sleep outside.  Ryoko offered Tenchi to sleep in her bed 
with her which frankly pissed off Ayeka and there was a brawl over that with 
Bulma caught in the middle.  The Sage walks in and is blasted by an Energy beam.  
Then as he wiped the burnt look off his face he looked and they were maxed all 
black and Blue.

Sage "HEY WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT FOR" he said as he pulled out his sword.

Ryoko "I have my reason!!"

Sage "You want to go"

Ryoko "Anytime" She waves her finger. 

Sage puts his sword away and turned away. He walked out of the house and sat 
beside Kento in the cave.  Where Freeza is things are not looking good.  Didoria 
has just joined the battle.  Didoria jumps up and then lands next to the Three 
Nameks.

Didoria "Now which one will die first"

Namek warrior 1 "Don't be stupid its 3 on 1"

Didoria "haha all right lets go"

Didoria punched one Namek then threw another then laughed as he said that he was 
going to kill one.  Then Didoria shot a ki blast from his mouth it connected to 
one Namek.  Killing him instantaneously.  Then another Namek ran away but did 
not get far before Didoria caught up and he had to defend himself. He shot a 
blast it hit Didoria head on but Didoria was barley hurt.  then Didoria Finished 
off the rest of the Nameks and was going to take out the elder Namek but he gave 
up and went to get the dragonball under the understanding that Freeza will leave 
if he does.

Morie "Now you have your Dragonball now leave us in peace"

Freeza "Oh I will but scence you destroyed our scouters you should tell us where 
the next Dragonball is"

Morie "You bastard you told us you would leave us"

Freeza "After you tell..."Cut short by Zarbon

Zarbon "Freeza I'm sure we can find the dragonballs without his help"

Freeza "I do believe your right Zarbon but old Namek remember this I SHALL 
RETURN"

Morie "You stupid fuck"

Morie jumped at Freeza but was stopped by Didoria's elbow

Gohan "ahhh"

Morie laid lifeless on the ground and Dende and his brother tried to get away.  

Didoria "Where do you think you 2 are going"

Gohan "AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH......."

Gohan became mad with rage and jumped at Didoria.  Gohan Nailed Didoria right in 
the head and he flew toward one of the Nameks houses.  He got up to face his 
enemy.  Only to be hit again by a little late Krillin.  Before Gohan could act 
Krillin told Gohan to get going they took off after getting a pep talk from 
Freeza he was about to take off when Ryo jumped up and yelled out " Armor of 
Wildfire Flare Up know".  With that he was shrouded by his armor which 
surrounded him and then a second later he was wearing his armor.  He jumped down 
and sliced a small cut in Didorias head.  Then took off in a different direction 
then Gohan and Krillin.  Didoria had to chose so he chose Gohan and Krillin 
(with freeza's orders of course).  He Flew as fast as he could but no matter how 
hard he tried he could not find them.  So instead of keep looking the way he was 
he decided to destroy anything in the area.  As he did so Gohan and Krillin were 
getting away and were almost discovered by Didoria and were but Krillin thought 
quick and used his Solar Flare.  Didoria was blinded for a short time and during 
that time Gohan had slipped out of the picture with Dende and Krillin.  All this 
ruckus had not gone unnoticed a close by Vegeta had seen the solar flare and was 
confidant of his new power.  Vegeta flew over to the area where he saw the 
flashes only to find a blind Didoria.  Vegeta after bragging a sec started his 
threats.  Didoria not knowing of Vegeta's true power was threatening Vegeta and 
as soon as Vegeta got tired he grabbed Didoria in an arm hold and before Didoria 
knew it he was begging for mercy to the ruthless Vegeta.  Vegeta bargained for 
Didorias release if Didoria told Vegeta about his home planet.  He agreed and 
Didoria went on about how Freeza destroyed there home planet.  When he was done 
he was about to leave when Vegeta told him that he could not leave.

Didoria "what you said you would let me leave!?"

Vegeta" Well..."

He was cut short by didoria punching him in the head.  Didoria thinking he had 
the upper hand starts to blast away.  when all the dust cleared he thought he 
had defeated Vegeta.  But after a minute he felt a tap on his shoulder and as he 
turned around he was punched by a pissed Vegeta.  

Vegeta "You sorry big ass ingrate Im going to kill you"

Vegeta powered up and fired a blast into Didoria blowing him to pieces when the 
smoke cleared there laid the dead body of Didoria. Vegeta flew off.

Back on the space ship

Rotnok "Man this is hard to keep on going"

Goku, Tony and Rotnok were sparing.  

Tony "Man just hang in there"

Goku" never take your mind off the fight" he said as he punched Rotnok in the 
head. he Flew into the wall.  Then a little beep went off.  Goku started looking 
around to figure out what was beeping and then he looked up at a TV screen.  Dr. 
Breifs stood there looking in with a troubled look and Puar and Oolong looked in 
as well waving crazily.  

Goku "hey guys wets up"

Oolong "hey Goku"

Dr. Breifs "you know Goku there seems to be some trouble on the outside of your 
ship."

Goku "Trouble what kind of trouble"

Dr. Breifs "You were thrown off course"

Rotnok "by what?"

Dr. Breifs "A small Meteor"

Rotnok "What are we going to do"

There was a moment of total panic with Rotnok & Tony and Goku running around 
aimlessly then Dr. Breifs got them all to calm down except for Rotnok cause 
Rotnok had gone downstairs.  Dr. Breifs told him about the plan he had and as 
soon as the space suits had fallen in that Shelf from the ceiling Rotnok flew 
from the basement and started to run around aimlessly unfortunately for him he 
saw the shelf one sec too late and rammed head first into it.  Because there was 
only 2 space suits Rotnok stayed inside and kept tabs on the 2 outside.  As Goku 
and Tony made there way to the hole in the ship they Got the glue ready.  Goku 
made it to the hole and patched up the hole and right as he was about to step 
away into the glue Tony came up behind him and Grabbed him and told him to watch 
out for the Glue.  Goku was grateful but not as soon as he stepped away did Tony 
step into the Glue.

Tony looking down "SHIT why does this shit happen to me"

Goku looked over "Shit"

Dr. Breifs "What, what is ...it "

Tony" I'm standing in something squishy and trust me I don't think its 
yesterdays lunch, Doctor repeat after me,"oh shit its the Glue" "

Dr Breifs "OH SHIT YOU STEPPED IN THE GLUE"

Tony "Yeah"

Dr. Breifs told them the bad news that the star in front of them is getting 
closer for a reason because they were getting closer to it.  There was a moment 
of panic with Tony trying to get away but failing.  Then the heat took on it got 
very hot but Goku and Tony were not going to give up.

Tony "KA....MA...HA....MA...HA"

Goku "Kioken x 10 Kamahamaha"

The 2 beams flew to the star.  When they did the ship flew away and went out of 
range in one try!!!!! When they got back into the ship and continued to 
train...Back on Namek Dende and Krillin & Gohan were looking for Bulma when 
things started to look grim because they could not find the cave they figured 
something got a hold of it and destroyed it. Little did they know the cave was 
near.  As Krillin rambled on Gohan had noticed the cave.

Gohan "look Krillin the cave"

They walked in only to find a Capsule house. As they approached the house Bulma 
popped out and scared the hell out of the lot of them. 

Bulma (really exited) "Hey Guys guess what Goku is all better and he's will be 
here in 6 days, he's riding in a pod that my dad built"

Gohan"That's great now all we have to do is wait 6 days"

Bulma "Oh and who is the little Piccolo"

Krillin "His Name is Dende and he is our guest"

On the space ship.  Goku and Rotnok and Tony were pretty well maxed out lying 
there doing nothing when King Kia called Goku and the gang on the ship.

King Kia "Hello Goku how are you doing? Going to Namek are you to get the 
Dragonballs hu well that's great."

Tony "oh great I'm going crazy"

Rotnok "Get the medicine i'm hearing the voices again"

Goku "No its just King kia"

Rotnok "king kia"

King Kia "you know what I have some visitors you might be interested about.  I 
have here Piccolo, Yamcha, Tein, and last but not least Chouzu."

Rotnok "Chouzu.....Chouzu" (looks around a little puzzled)

Goku "Alright there all their wow yeah that's great."

Yamcha "Can I talk....... ... Hey Goku I heard your going to Namek to wish us 
back that's great."

Goku "yeah I know but things sound rather bad down there on Namek and they 
really need our help"

Rotnok "Yeah really bad"

Goku "Yeah it sounds like this person is even stronger than Vegeta.  and Gohan, 
and Krillin, and Bulma cant get away because their ship has been destroyed"

King Kia "Even stronger than Vegeta. Did they say his name was Freeza"

Goku "I don't know"

King Kia "well I better have a look on Namek" With that he used his mental 
powers to look on Namek and as he searched the surface he noticed a very strong 
power and sure enough it was the Tyrant Freeza.

King Kia "Goku you need to stay away from this person he is the strongest person 
in the universe and you never want to make him angry he will destroy the 
universe."

Goku "ahh all I want to do is fight him just for a little while"

King Kia "Never I forbid it"

After he said that a hand laid itself on his shoulder it was Piccolo and he 
started to boast.

Piccolo "Goku do whatever you need to, with you three me Gohan and Krillin we 
will take this Freeza."

King Kia scolded him for egging on Goku then said goodbye to Goku as they got up 
and started to workout.  King Kia made them take an oath not to train just to 
fight Freeza and then gave them their first task to make him laugh.  With which 
Yamcha had no problem full filling with the oldest knock knock joke we have all 
heard (To be assumed by the reader) Chouzu was next he got it with a dirty joke 
(to be interpreted by the reader).  Tein had a problem he could not make him 
laugh.  So Yamcha told him a joke to tell King Kia Tein walked up there biggest 
smile on his face and started to tell his joke.

Tein "What is the best way to see a flying saucer?"

King Kia "Follow Goku."

Tein "nope"

King Kia "look over there" as a flying saucer went by"

Tein "nope"

King Kia "Then how?"

Tein "......ummmmm.... aghhhh damnit"

Tein  "Oh yeah know I remember pinch a waitress"

King Kia burst out in laughter. and they all moved on in their training except 
Piccolo because he refused to take the stupid test. Back on Namek Vegeta who had 
destroyed his Scouter was looking for a Namek village when he felt a small 
twitch of power he knew it was a village and flew in that direction.  When he 
got there, there was a moment of confusion among the Nameks there when he told 
them he was looking for the dragonball there was even more confusion and terror 
as the elder walked up and said he would handle this.  When the elder tried to 
ask Vegeta what he wanted it for he only replied with rude remarks.

Vegeta "I want the Dragonball!"

Elder "For what?"

Vegeta "I don't think that's any of your business you ugly green lizard"

Elder "If you are going to assault me with words you can forget about getting 
any of the Dragonballs."

Vegeta "EITHER YOU GIVE IT TO ME OR IT TAKE IT BY FORCE"

Elder "Come and get it!!"

Vegeta "Why do they always want the latter"

A rather one sided battle took place with the Nameks giving it all they had.  By 
where Krillin and Gohan were they could see it (If they were outside).  They 
were inside eating when this was going on but they were interrupted by Sage who 
had seen the energy leave the air. 

Sage "Tenchi, Gohan, Ryo come quick we got a problem"

Gohan "What is it"

Sage "I cant really tell you all I know is that I feel weird when that red light 
shows up"

Gohan "Ohh that's just a side effect of hanging around us you develop a keen 
ability to sense, to feel energy normally a person's energy."

Sage "Wow."

They went outside only to see where Vegeta was attacking a Namek villa.  

Dende "You know what I need to do take you to the eldest Namek he can help you. 
He is father to all the Nameks that live here."

Bulma "How can he be father to all the Nameks don't you need to have a male and  
a female t do that.. Oh wait I know the eldest is a female"

Dende "Female what's a female"

Bulma fell to the floor and the rest of the gang followed close behind.

Bulma "Well there is 2 different kinds of people here arent there you know males 
and females right?"

Dende "um no"

Bulma "how boring"

Krillin "Wheres the fun in that"

Kento "Man they live boring lives  to think they cant have seeeeee.." he was 
stopped by Ryo reminding him there was a child near


With that they found out from Dende about the eldest Namek Guru who would be 
able to help them. With that Krillin took off to find the Eldest with Dende of 
course.  Vegeta had made out like a bandit he had defeated a lot of the Namek 
fighters all that lay there is the Elder holding his dead children which Vegeta 
had ruthlessly killed. 

Vegeta "NO GIVE ME THE GOD DAMN DRAGONBALL"

Elder "I told you never" 

Vegeta "Fine i'll get it myself" With that he shot a blast blowing the Elder to 
smithereens and Vegeta moved on to find the dragonball in plain sight.  He put 
it in the water and flew off. 

Nearby Zarbon was briefing one of the guards to look for any Namek villages and 
then to come and get him. Freeza had already made it to the space ship and was 
on his way into his main chamber where a dark figure stood almost waiting for 
him to arrive. 

Dark Figure "How many do you have Freeza"

Freeza "5 now"

Dark figure "Good very good soon I will have my challenge and you well you will 
be the strongest in the universe.  See I felt into the mind of a Namek today see 
the Namek balls they have 3 wishes but the Namek was still withholding something 
and he Died before I could abstract it from him."

Freeza "3 wishes haha this is starting to be the best time of my life" He said 
while he turned and as the dark figure came into view he was a light man and he 
was wearing dark cloak and had long white hair which one single hair hung before 
his head.  He had a Sword it was broad and had a Gold piece inserted in the end 
of it.  On the Gold piece was a Dragon.  

Narrator Rotnok "Now that Freeza and Vegeta have the balls what is going to stop 
them from getting the last one. Vegeta has one Freeza has 5.  And who is this 
Dark figure and why is he searching peoples minds. The dark Lords looks like 
their getting more then they bargained for in they never bargained for Freeza 
either. What will become of Gohan Krillin and the gang? Find out next time on 
Dragon...oh wait Dimensional Crisis part 2 "Mistakes could mean death"
