The Dimensional Crisis: Dragonballz / Tenchi / Ronin warriors crossover. The 
worlds of many Animes collide in a freak accident in Time and space.

This is Rotnok this is for your Reading pleasure (Takes a bow). I am so glad you 
decided that you want to read this Fanfic.  I thank you (I'm a new writer so 
please give me ideas or Comment on my writing I thank you. (Comments, Threats, 
love letters, or for the hell of it write me at tonyja.... oh sorry Tony 
tddeyoung31785@cs.com that is the real one thx

I have used some names and characters in this Fanfic that I am not able to use 
without having a disclaimer 
Dragonballz = Akira Toyama
Tenchi Muyo
And Ronin Warriors
are all owned by their respective owners not by me.  I however own the name of 
Rotnok is owned by me 

Any commentary e-mail tddeyoung31785@cs.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Part two "Mistakes could mean death"

Ok Were did we leave off o yeah Freeza has 5 this dark figure is terrorizing the 
general Namek public and the dark lords are waiting pacently for the Ronin 
warriors to make the first move.  Gohan and the gang are looking for 
dragonballs.

We open with Krillin and Dende flying

Krillin "so were is this eldest Namek live anyway"

Dende "he lives in the north a little to the left Krillin"

Krillin "ok"

As they flew they felt a large power .  They stoped and looked back it wa Vegeta 
and he was in a good mood following the power he felt but as he flew e felt 
another persons power level. Its Zarbon's so Vegeta flew off in the direction of 
Zarbon.  As Vegeta left their presence (Krillin and Dende's) and Krillin grabbed 
Dende and flew off in the direction of the eldest Namek.  But Vegeta flew off in 
the direction of Zarbon.  Vegeta and Zarbon met in the middle of their paths.

Zarbon "Ok Vegeta come alone nicely and I will be easy wth you but if you refuse 
ill have to kick your ass."

Vegeta "haha You wish you could kick my ass Zarbon hell I have already beat your 
friend Didoria and made him suffer"

Zarbon "I find that hard to believe"

Vegeta "Then try to beat me yourself and find out"

Zarbon lunged toward Zarbon and punched at Vegeta but he missed.   Vegeta kicked 
Zarbon and then as Zarbon fell Vegeta hit him with 12 or 15 blasts that sent him 
flying to the ground.  As Zarbon got up he started laughing and flew up to 
Vegeta and tried to hit him but it is not possible in Vegeta's new state of 
power.  As Zarbon tried his exhausting attempt to hurt Vegeta, Vegeta was 
charging a very large attack and as Zarbon lunged toward Vegeta he let the 
attack loose on Zarbon and it took Zarbon through a mountain all the way through  
and into a lake on the other side.  After a few seconds a large wave came up 
from the lake and out flew Zarbon pissed and his eyes set on Vegeta as if he 
were a charging bull and Vegeta was his target.  Vegeta stood still as still as 
a statue and soon began to laugh at the prospect of defeating Zarbon who has 
been a pain in his ass for a long time.  As Vegeta laughed zarbon was building 
anger and soon told Vegeta of hi transformation.

Zarbon "Haha ever heard Beauty is only skin deep. well you have seen the beauty 
now meet the beast"

With that Zarbon transformed into a large, ugly, fat faced, big eyed, big-
mouthed loser.  But the only upside to it was that it was much stronger than 
Vegeta.  As Vegeta looked on in awe, Zarbon lunged at Vegeta and he connected 
and then punched Vegeta down and as Vegeta flew to the ground so was Zarbon 
following close behind.  When Vegeta hit Zarbon kneed him in the kidney.  Vegeta 
grabbed his side and spit some blood onto the ground, it felt as though Goku 300 
times more powerful than that which he had ever felt before had hit him.  He 
stumbled to his feet to face Zarbon and a he did Zarbon had already moved in.  
Zarbon punched Vegeta again and again then flew up and fired multiple amount of 
shots at Vegeta all connecting sending him down then as he got up Zarbon started 
shooting again and again and Vegeta was forced to run he did.  When Vegeta got 
tired he flew up and was caught by Zarbon and Zarbon flew down and slammed 
Vegeta into the water for a final blow.

Zarbon "poor Vegeta never knew what hit him."

Back in the capsule house Gohan was meditating and Tenchi was also meditating 
but he did not get much done due to the fact that now all three girls Bulma, 
Ayeka, and Ryoko had the hots for him.  

Gohan "Leave him alone you guys are making him sever his link and I can't fight 
him if you do that"

In the Dream land (as it were) Tenchi was trying franticly to find Gohan and 
battle him when he did Gohan lunged forward and tried to hit him but Tenchi 
jumped and put his sword on Gohan's little nose and said "Give up." All Gohan 
did was jump awayand fire a fireball in almost connected but Tenchi was too fast 
for him when it was all said and done Tenchi and Gohan called it a draw.  The 
Ronin warriors were on their own searching for clues how many of the lords were 
there was Tulpa there or not.  On the space ship stood that strange Dark figure 
stood with Freeza but no Tulpa.  Eniubis stood watch outside the other dark 
lords were inside.  This meant they wont have any trouble defeating the Dark 
loards.  On the Capsule ship in space the three warriors were resting when a 
call came on asking them if they needed a new member for the Namek expedition.

Goku "Hey guys who is that?"

Person "I'm Washu the greatest genius in the universe"

Goku "Don't tell that to Bulma"

Dr. Briefs "So do you guys want a new member for your team"

Goku "How?"

Washu "Easy I have created this little baby that allows a person to be instantly 
traveled through Time and space to a spot which we program into this big 
computer.  I was going to go but after learning the situation from your friends 
I think we should send another fighter to help you.  Dari he is very strong and 
he can help you train."

Goku "The more the merrier."

Sasami "Please if you see Tenchi tell him I said hi because we are all very 
worried about him."

Rotnok "will do!"

Washu "we are sending him (Dust) over now."

Goku "Were is he"

Washu "Just hang on"

 All of a sudden a dark rectangle door like piece of wood showed up next to 
Goku.  Rotnok herd 2 knocks at the door part and he looked up and opened the 
door (Goku was too into just staring).  Out came a warrior wearing a old cloak 
with a symbol on it and carrrying a knap sack behind him.  When he took off his 
cloak he was wearing a blue training Gi like Goku's only it had his masters 
symbols on it.  He looked up and smiled and shook their hands.  He then took out 
some weights on the floor and started working out right away.

Rotnok  "not a very social fella is she"

Goku "nope I guess he gets right down to it"

With that they went on to what the were doing.  Rotnok having some brandy, Tony 
sleeping (which he was doing the whole time anyway, and Goku getting ready to 
take a shower).  Rotnok Picked up his sword and left the room to train in the 
Gravitron leaving the other two to do what they wanted (2 cause Tony was 
myteriously draged from his room to the Gravitron to train).  

Back on Namek things looked Grim for Zarbon as he was reporting the fight with 
Vegeta to Freeza who was not pleased.  Told Zarbon he had better find Vegeta or 
suffer a worse fate than that Vegeta had faced.  Zarbon flew off in search of 
the wounded solider.  By where Vegeta had been beat up.  Vegeta was climbing out 
of the water blood dripped from his body mixed with water hi shoulder pad on one 
side was busted  and a huge crack went through his armor.  Zarbon flew to the 
area where the wounded Vegeta lay and looked around a second and found Vegeta.

Zarbon "You have seen better days you ugly sayjin."

Vegeta "eh..."

Zarbon "You over dramitise your okay."

Zarbon flew off with Vegeta in over his shoulder.  Krillin flew all the way to 
the Eldest Nameks house and there seemed to be no way into the house.  That is 
untill a door opened and out came a namek.  He was a younger looking Namek and 
the weirdest thing was that he looked just like Piccolo almost a complete copy.  

Nail "Ah Dende and the Earthling,  come follow me Guru has been waiting to talk 
to the Earthling."

Krillin "Okay"

They followed Nail into a room with a panel in the middel.  As they stepped on 
it, it creaked as if it is old and raised itself to the 2nd level of that 
building.  It was an empty room execpt a window and as Krillin turned he saw a 
very large Namek.  Then Namek told him to come forward.

Guru "How do you do?"

Krillin "Good, I am Krillin and I was wondering can I have that Dragonball there 
above you?"

Guru "You know of the Dragonballs how is that?"

Krillin "Well long ago you had many violent storms and you sent a baby Namek out 
in space to colinize somewhere else.  He ended up on Earth he made the 
Dragonballs that is how we knowof the Dragonballs."

Guru "Ah the Son of Katast I am glad to here he made it unharmed.  But I do 
belive that there are some things you still do not understand here I will 
explain them to you."

Guru put his hand on Krillins head.  All at once Krillin saw pictures in his 
mind of Kami.  Then he saw Kami fall out of his bed and then another Namek 
popped out of Kami's back it was Piccolo.  

Guru "What a Terrible sight a Namek splitting with oneself.  One good... Kami 
the other bad... Piccolo as you call him.  See the son of Katast was part of the 
royal bloodline that made Dragonballs and from the sounds of it he made the 
dragonballs on Earth."

Krillin "Wow what a Trip!"

Guru "Now I am going to unrevile your hidden streangth"

Krillin "Hidden power what? I Dont have any hidden power cause if I did I would 
have a full head of hair and two chicks here right now."

Guru "hehehe,  hum his intensions are pure and your bravery is commendable."

As Guru thought Krillin joked and then Krillin felt something inside of him then 
power surged from him and he had a PL unlike any he had felt in a long time hell 
he was almost just as strong as Vegeta.

Krillin "wow, ive never felt anything like it"

Guru "Here i think this will be safe with you"

Krillin "Can you do this as many times as you want"

Guru "Yes"

Krillin "Good I have a freind i would like you to meet ill be right back"

Guru "Ok we will need all the help we can"

With that Krillin flew off to get Gohan.  At Freeza's ship Zarbon was looking at 
Vegeta healing in the chamber.

Zarbon "You had better heal or I am dead."

Doctor "um.... sir his vitals are still low and i don't know weather or not he 
will live"

Zarbon "Well he had better or you will suffer worse than he is"

Doctor *Gulp* "...yes sir"

Vegeta (Thinking) "I'll heal...i've came back from worse than this"

With that the doctor went back to work.  On the ship things were getting weird 
with 4 people in it.  Everyone but Tony and Dust were asleep.  For some odd 
reason Tony and Dust were laughing their asses off.  Then they walked into 
Rotnok's room and set three things aside.  Two were shaving Cream and the other 
was a glass of Saki.  They went to put the shaving cream in Rotnok's hand.  As 
they got closer they noticed that Rotnok was eyes wide open and smileing they 
looked over to his hand and there it was a rope.  Rotnok let go and water fell 
on Tony and Dust.

Rotnok "Hahah maybe next time you wont laugh so hard when i give you the 
shaveing cream."

Dust "You dumb shit"

Tony "Oh great i thought we had you."

Dust and Tony walked from the room Rotnok went to sleep. back on Namek The 
Doctor was walking by Vegeta's chamber.  

Doctor "Ha bumb Sayjin you will never see me like that all beat up.  Ha i will 
never have to be in one of these chambers"

Vegeta "OH REALLY" Vegeta said as he openned his eyes.

Vegeta blasted the doctor and planned to get the dragonballs.  He jumped out and 
Fired a blast at the room at the end of the hall Zarbon abd Freeza felt the 
blast.  Zarbon knew who it was at that moment.  

Zarbon "OH GREAT ITS VEGETA......VEGETA"

Freeza "Well get him damnit"

Xang'mi (Dark figure) "Humm where is he?"

all three ran to where the blast was.  Vegeta sneaked into Freeza's chamber 
where the dragonballs lay all fivein a row among the chamber where Freeza 
stayed.  Vegeta had to think quick.  Maybe I should.. ok yeah ill throw the 
balls.  He ran to the window and shot a blast through it.  He grabbed the first 
Dragonball threw it and then one after another he threw the other 4.  Freeza wa 
pissed and most of his anger wass being taken out on Zarbon.

Freeza "YOU INGRATE!!  You let that Vegeta get away.  Whats even worse is that 
he has the Dragonballs.  You are discraceful I am going to do what I should 
havedone call for the Ginue Force."

Zarbon "No we have no need for that I can handle this call them but there will 
be no need"

Xang'mi "You better hope so, your feelings betray what you say."

Zarbon "I can do it I have no need for any ones help" 

Xang'mi "For your sake I hope so" he said unseathing his sword "I am not as 
forgiving as Freeza has been to you"

Zarbon "Don't threaten me ill kill you,"

Xamg'mi "Oh you will" he said putting his sword to Zarbon's noe and making a 
small unoticed cut in his nose.

Freeza "Shut up Zarbon. I want you Zarbon to look for Vegeta and the missing 
Dragonball."

Xang'mi "humm"

With that Zarbon flew off.  Vegeta found his Dragonballs one next to the other a 
little ways away from Freeza's ship and gathered them up.  He sat waiting 
figuring a way to find the last dragonball and then he felt a power.  It was 
Krillin with the dragonball.  Vegeta thought for a sec then looked over the 
cliff he was standing under to see Krillin fly by and in his hand was what 
Vegeta was looking for.  Vegeta followed Krillin and close behind Zarbon was 
following them both. At the camp Bulma and Gohan and Ryo were out Ryko and 
Tenchi were off with Ayeka exploring and the Ret of the Ronin Warriors were 
inside fiddeling around.  The Dragonball radar started to go off as Krillin was 
comeing close to the camp with the Dragonball.

Bulma "look it must be Krillin comeing with the Dragonballs.  Hang on here are 
the five Freeza have and here is the one that Krillin has coming at us then what 
is this one all alone out there"

Gohan "I don't know but im going to go look Ryo why not come with"

Ryo "Why not we are all bored here"

With that Ryo left with Gohan to go look for the Dragonball.  In about 20 min 
Krillin was at the camp.  But he was not alone he happened to be followed by 
Vegeta and Zarbon the ugly bastard.  Bulma found herself looking at Zarbon as a 
hero when he was far from it.

Bulma "wow he must be a great hero I mean he is o handsome and strong."

Vegeta "Silly girl she does not relizethat you really are an ugly dumb bastard"

Zarbon "UGLY!!!"

Vegeta "Yeah why not turn into the ugly creature.  It is the only way your going 
to beat me. Hahaha that huge ugly thing."

Gohan was at a namek village it was cold there and not a building was undamaged.  
There was cracks and small holes in the walls all over.  Gohan noticed dead 
Nameks all over and when he looked where the dragonball had been all he found 
was a knocked over podium and a hole in the wall the size to drive a mac truck 
through.  Gohan got down to buisness by burying all of the dead Nameks.  Back at 
the battle field Vegeta was 

Zarbon "ALRIGHT THAT'S IT THAT DOES IT YOUR HISTORY!"

Vegeta just smirked as he watched Zarbon turn into a huge monster.  Then in a 
rage Zarbon ran to Vegeta and threw many punches but Vegeta was able to block 
every last one of them.  Zarbon frutrated flew up and blasted Vegeta multipul 
times.  Vegeta dodged every last one of the blasts and decide he had had enough 
of that and punched Zarbon and slammed him down to the hard rock ground.  That 
is when the Ronin Warriors realized what was going on Cye, Kento, Sage, and 
Rowen stepped out in full armor and weapons Drawn and ready to fight any second.  
Vegeta grew much more irratated by the lack of exitement in his fight.  Zarbon 
lay on the gound after taking a pounding from Vegeta,  Vegeta had flew up about 
50 yards above Zarbon \pu his hand together charged his Gyarikku-ho.

Zarbon "no you . can't Vegeta.  I can hel..help you"

Vegeta "Gyarikku-ho fire"

With that a blast flew down full speed and hi Zarbon blowing him to nothing but 
a pile of dust and burnt flest.

Vegeta "Now that is ugly, hahahaha"

The ronin Warriors were lined up waiting for Vegeta to make the first move and 
he did.  He flew next to Sage and slapped Sage down then Kento and Cye stepped 
in but were sent flying into the stone wall by Vegeta.  Rowen fired an arrow at 
Vegeta grazing his face leaving a mark on his face.  Vegeta walked to Rowen and 
puhed him back then walked over to Krillin and Bulma.

Krillin "Stay back!"

Vegeta "How about you give me the dragonball or ill kill your little girlfriend 
here'  

Vegeta picked Bulma up and put his hand next to her face and threatened her with 
a mall blast.  Bulma screamed,  Krillin felt in his gut the torture that Bulma 
felt and being almost in tears he handed the Dragonball to Vegeta.  Vegeta 
simply took the ball and flew away.  Krillin ran to where Ronin warriors were 
laying.

Cye "Wow that guy packs a serious punch."

Rowen "Who would have thought that one man could take the lot of us"

Sage "AHH. My arm I think he broke my arm ."

Sage's arm was turned all the way around and facing outward the bone was 
petruding out from his arm.  Ayeka and Tenchi were the first to arrive there 
followed by Ryoko.  

Ayeka "I saw the long haired dude fly away and we feared the worst"

Tenchi "What the hell happened to his arm"

Krillin "Vegeta happened that's what we had a little um.fight."

Bulma "Oh my god we have to get him inside or hi arm might get infected"

Krillin "Oh Bulma where is Gohan I need to talk to him."

Bulma "Oh yeah he went off to look for a Stray Dragonball."

Krillin "Good then we still have an ace up our sleeve."

 Ayeka "Get him into the house I have to tend to his arm."

Ayeka and Tenchi with the help of Krillin picked up Sage and put him on the 
table and tended to his arm.  Freeza was growing weary of waiting for Zarbon he 
started to belive that Zarbon was dead.  Just then Xang'mi walked in the door. 

Xang'mi "Zarbon's life has expired I just felt it."

Freeza "Oh well I will have to call for the Ginue force.  They will be here in a 
day."

Xang'mi "Good"

Freeza "What do you have planned?"

Xang'mi "The Ultimate Showdown!"

Freeza "Interessting, the ultimate battle aginst who."

Xang'mi "The ones I have brought here."

Freeza "I would love to see this."

Xang'mi "You will get your chance."

Elsewhere on Freeza planet #4 there were pods leaving they had a funny picture 
on the  front of them.  They took of in the direction on Namek.  Meanwhile the 
pod carrying Goku was comeing much closer to namek.  They were Training andthey 
felt like they were being pushed down by a much greater force. 

Rotnok "Tony can you move/'

Tony "Nope, how bout you Dust?"

Dust "Not a snowballs chance in hell am I going to move!"

Goku "ell your lucky im stuck upside-down."

Rotnok Yeah it looks bad well turn the Gravitron down."

Just then there was a small round TV that popped down and on came Washuu and Dr. 
Briefs.  

Washu "How do you four Feel?"

Rotnok "I Feel like a doormat."

Tony "I look like a doormat."

Dust "I stepped on them like they were a doormat."

Goku "I  feel like im being ripped apart."

Washu "interesting!"

Dr. Briefs "Goku are you nuts training in 100x gravity"

Goku "What?"

Dr. Briefs "Hang on a sec now I see why your in an electronic storm making my 
system go nuts."

Goku "Oh great!"

Rotnok "Hey Goku what is the Gravitron at now."

Goku "87x"

Rotnok "I think I can get up to sshut it down"

Rotnok got up and stagered up to themachine but as soon as he went to touch the 
machine it jumped from 87x to 99x.

Rotnok "Damn, I almost had it."

Rotnok stagered and crawled to his sword on the corner wall.  He unsheathed it 
then made his way close enough to cut Goku down. He lifted his sword and tried 
to get it high enough but it was all in vain.  Goku tried to use a Kamehameha 
but that fell and hit Rotnok in the head.  Then Goku tried to spin as fast he 
could to break the cord he was succsesfull but he was so beat up he could not 
move.

Dr. Briefs "come on Goku you almost had it."

Tony "I got it Rotnok Give me your hand.opps forgot your unconcious then dust 
give me yours"

Dust did so, what tony did was he gave Dust his energy.  He then told Dust that 
he should give Goku all the energy.  Dust did so and waited while Goku reached 
up and slammed the machines untill the machine turned off and they were releaved 
of the preaure of 120x gravity.  But Rotnok was soo badly hurt that he had not 
mch of a chance of living if they did not get him a senzu bean in time.  That 
last Kamehameha had almost killed him.  Goku wass crawling over to the senzu 
beans and grabbed one and took it now there were 3 left he had to make a choice 
he can give one to everybody and have none left or jut give one to Rotnok and 
let the rest cope with the injuries.  

Goku "Bad newse there are only three beans left I would liketo save 2 beans for 
the battle that means that two of you will have to suffer."

Dust "Give it to Rotnok"

Tony "he needs it more"

Dust "Oh wait I forgot Korin had said to give you these?"

Dust reached out and threw another full bag of Senzu bean on the table.

Dust "He said that he had thee 11 saved for an emergency"

Goku "No shit?"

Dust "no time to waste we got to get one to Rotnok or he will die."

Rotnok "ahhhh..." 

Dust put a senzu bean in Rotnok's mouth and made him chew it and eat it.  Rotnok 
got up and wiped the blood from his mouth then smiled and went off to eat.  Dust 
offered Tony a senzu bean but he took it and put it in his own little pocket in 
his Gi. Dust put the beans down and started in his meditation training.  On 
Namek Gohan finished burying the dead Nameks and was now looking for the loose 
Dragonball.  He picked up the dragon radar and looked around then found that it 
was in the water.  Gohan dove in and swam around for a second.  Went about 20 
yards over then swam down just a little farther there on a rock was the 
Dragonball.  Gohan Grabbed it and then swam to the surface and took strait off.  
Back by Bulma and the gang Krillin was asking a rather strange question. 

Krillin "What way did Vegeta fly off in?"

Bulma "Hum I think that way." Pointing northwest

Krillin "What way did Gohan go to look for the Dragonball."

Bulma "That way.Now I see what your saying. Gohan pleasse go in a different 
route."

Krillin "Be careful." 

Gohan was flying strait shot when he saw Vegeta.  Gohan slowly flew to te rocks 
below and hid.  Vegeta had already scenced him and started threatening him.

Vegeta "Show yourself I have already scenced your powerlevel." Waits for answer 
"Fine have it your way ekkk."

Vegeta reached up and drew ome of his energy for an attack.

Gohan "Stooooppppp iiittt" 

Vegeta "good he shows himself."

Gohan got up and jumped onto the rock leaving the dragonball behind.  

Vegeta "Ah the squirt"

Gohan wispering "I'd like kill his ass for saying stuff like that"

Vegeta "haha so what I that thing you are carrying anyway"

Gohan Thinking "Oh shit I forgot to set up the Dragonball Radar down there too."

Gohan "It's a um.a.its an antique."

Vegeta "hahahaha,  you know you and me we have something in common we are 
terrible liars you are lying to me right now and I can tell.  We are like 
brothers, see you are the reminisces of a lost civilization one of the last few 
people to survive.  See now" Knees Gohan hard to stomach "That's what you get 
for lying to your big brother."

Gohan laid on the ground as Vegeta left.  Then in a sigh of relief he laughed at 
the prospect that Vegeta did not find the last Dragonball.  Then he flew off to 
meet with Krillin and the gang.  Back with Krillin and the gang.  Krillin wass 
helping Sage around as he saw Gohan.  

Krillin "Gohan down here!"

Gohan "hey Krillin look I got a dragonball."

Krillin "Yeah were glad you made it back in one peace I mean we saw Vegeta and 
we were hoping he would miss you all together."

Gohan "I saw Vegeta and he stopped me but he did not see the Dragonball.  Wait 
what the hell happened to Sages arm?"

Krillin "Vegeta showed up here Sage and the guys tried to stand up to him and 
got smacked into a mountain breaking his arm."

Gohan "That bastard."

Krillin "oh I need to take you to go see the eldest Namek."

Gohan "Why?"

Krillin "because he can do something you need."

Gohan "Ok lets go."

Krillin and Gohan took off to find the Eldest Namek.  Vegeta was in the Village 
that gohan had been (and stole the dragonball).  Vegeta dove in the water and 
searched for awhile and got tiered and then relized why he felt that the little 
Gohan had been hiding something back.

Vegeta "Where could it be.. Oh shit I know that kid Kakarrot's son. Gohan he 
washiding the dragonball."

Vegeta flew off in a fit of rage.

Vegeta "I'll get you for this. You wont escape my wrath.  I'll get you. Your all 
mine." (Personal favorite line of Dragonballz)

 Vegeta took off in search for the little shit that stole his Dragonball.  
Krillin and Gohan were halfway there they were taking a break.  

Krillin "We are almost there now lets get going."

Gohan "Ok"

They took off then a little later the Nameks house was in View but there was a 
large chi behind them.  

Krillin "Oh shit its Vegeta!"

Gohan "No"

Krillin "Gohan go ahead its that small house right there ok"

Gohan "Ok"

Gohan flew over to the house and then Krillin turned around and got ready to 
battle.  He saw Vegeta in the background and then as if like a strike of 
lightening he flew almost threw Krillin.  Then showing off he looked at Krillin 
as he sort of propeled himself over to Krillin.

Vegeta "Hey."

Krillin "."

Vegeta "So tell me where the Dragonball is"

Krillin "."

Vegeta "So you want to die."

Krillin "."

In the house Gohan was talking to Guru.

Gohan "So what can you do for me that Krillin wants me to see"

Guru "Probably he wants me to unleash your hidden streangth"

Guru put his hand on Gohan's head then thought.

Guru "humm wow you have the most hidden streangth I've ever seen."

Nail "But is his heart and intentions pure"

Guru "They are"

Gohan felt a strange tweak then it happened such a surge of power he felt 
stronger than his dad.  Vegeta felt just a slight jolt then looked over his 
shoulder at the small house.

Vegeta "So is that where it is hidden."

Vegeta flew over to the small Namek house and stood fixed in front of it.  Then 
Nail walked out.

Nail "Go home friend now."

Vegeta stood there as if Nail had not said anything then Gohan was at full power  
Vegeta suddenly felt it.  

Vegeta "what the?"

Gohan walked out and stood strait faced to Vegeta.

Vegeta "hahaha you think you can take me your dreaming. I eat punks like you for 
breakfast."

Gohan "Hu"

Just then a huge jolt of energy hit everyone.  

Gohan "Wait that's got to be daddy."

Krillin "Goku yeah alright."

Vegeta "Kakarrot .wait that's not Kakarrot its has to be the Ginue Force."

Freeza stood fixed in the front of his space pod as 5 space pods fell from the 
sky.  5 figures walked from them.  All 5 figures flew up and landed each taking 
a different sstance to make one fu**ed up posed mess.

Cap Ginue "We are the Ginue force"

Jeice "Freeza here are the scouters you ordered." 

Narriator Rotnok "Oh great Vegeta threatens the saftey of Gohan and Krillin. The 
Ginue force who are they why is Freeza so confidant in there ability.  Who will 
get the dragonballs?  Who is going to die? For that matter who will live? What 
will happen to Sage, Ryo,  and the gang?  What does Xang'mi mean by ultimate 
battel? Find out next on Demenional Crisis.The Ginue Goons, Goku you're here.
