Introduction
 First off I'd like to point out that everything that happens in this
fic will be happening in an alternate universe ( those of us who've seen
Every Tenchi Video there is knows what i'm talkin about). Most of the 
characters (Such as  Vegeta, Washuu, Tenchi Ryoko Etc) will keep their
powers, personality etc. 

 Note: I just Love FeedBack so don't be afraid to mail me with comments.


 Story of an alternate Universe: Tenchi and Vegeta  are High school
students at Shohoku High, Vegeta's on the Basket ball team (With the
Slam Dunk Cast of course),
Ryoko is a school girl who lives with her Mom Washuu, who also is a
student teacher, Thane hangs around with Vegeta and Tenchi, Aso is
Ryoko's Brother who's always hovering around her somewhere watching her,
Lucia and Ranko are the editors for the school newspaper.


 Now On with the show...


 "Goddamnit we're late!" Tenchi said running sidewalk, Vegeta floated at
his side, "So? We're always late" he said folding his arms. "Yea but
it's affecting our grades!" Tenchi said huffing. Vegeta snatches him up
by his collar, "Yea like I care about my grades" He said smirking and
blasting off towards school.
 
 Ranko sat on the school steps writing on her notepad, "Hmm..we seem to
be running out of gossip.." she said to herself, scratching her head, "I
need something fresh..". "Ohayo Ranko-chan!" Lucia called out as she
walked to her from the bus stop. "Morning Boss!" she called back, "got
anything to write about?" Lucia asked peering at her notebook which had
a bunch of drawings of Yun all over it, "Eeeer..." Ranko said blushing
and flipping the page quickly, "Ranko Don't get distracted! Everyone's
counting on us to bring to the good gossip! everyone needs something to
talk about and we're the one who supply it!" Lucia said scoldingly.
"Hai.." she said looking down. Another bus soon roared to a stop in
front of the school, Thane got off, looking like his usual self he
walked up the steps of the school, Lucia quickly fixed her hair and
smiled holding her books, "Good morning Thane-kun" she said smiling
cutely. "Heh? Morning Lucia-chan.." he said walking past her. "Eeeeh??
He looked right through me!" She said frowning. Ranko snickered
silently. "Hmmmph what're you laughin at?" she said walking into the
school building.

 Minutes later a Silver Dodge Viper skidded to a stop in the school
parking lot. Two legs stepped out of the drivers side, a tall woman with
wild red hair some dark shades stepped out, on the passenger side a girl
wearing pretty much the same thing, exept no shades, she had light blue
hair, boys turned their glances towards them as they walked through the
school gates, "Good Morning Ryoko-chan!, Good morning Hakubi Sensei"
Ranko said, "Morning Ranko" Washuu said, "Has Tenchi come to school
yet?" Ryoko asked. "Haven't seen him or Vegeta yet" Ranko answered,
"Well if you Vegeta, tell him I want to see him after class about his
behavior in class" Washuu said, then turning to walk into the building.
"Shouldn't Aso be with you Ryoko?" Ranko asked, "He got here earlier, he
likes to get some studying in before school starts" Ryoko said. 

 Two boys rolled down the side walk, one on a skate board, the other
wearing roller blades, "Yin Yun!" Ranko said waving. "Hey Guys" Ryoko
said. "Nihao Ladies!" Yun said kicking the skateboard into his arms, "Hi
Ranko, hi Ryoko" Yin said. "AAAAAAAH SLOW DOWN VEGETA!!" Tenchi's voice
rang out, "Ah! there's my Tenchi!" Ryoko said beaming as Vegeta and
Tenchi crashed down onto the ground in front of school. "Che! see on
time!" Vegeta said. "Aaaaaagh.." Tenchi said laying in the wreckage. The
bell rang loudly, "Well it's off to first period!" Vegeta said running
into the building and towards the History class. Inside he sat down next
to Yun and Thane, "Mornin Veg" Thane said yawning. "You were up all
night again?" Yun asked Thane, "Yea..I couldn't sleep" he answered, "do
what I do, think that you're sleepin with a pretty girl" Yun said
grinning, "I dun think that'll help.." Vegeta said. "Ok class quiet
down!" Mr Fujisawa said. For the length of the class, Mr Fujisawa talked
about mountain climbing as usual, "Hey that Makoto kid is actually
taking this BS seriously" Yun said with his cap tipped down over his
eyes, "He's like Tenchi, he likes to learn" Vegeta said yawning. "Heh
maybe he's just fakin like he's awake" Thane said, "How the hell can you
fake that you're awake when your eyes are open?!" Vegeta said, "QUIET!"
Mr Fujisawa said flinging an eraser at Vegeta, smacking him on the head,
"GAH! *cough cough* Gomen ne Fujisawa Sensei" Vegeta said grumbling.
"That's better, now Mt Everest..." he trailed off again.

 In Science, Ranko sat with Ryoko and Lucia, "Your mom's pretty cool,
this has to be the only class I don't fall asleep in" Lucia said. "Huh?
You say somethin?" Ryoko said yawning. "Ms Hakubi! since you seem bored
why don't you come up here and explain to the class the liver is for!"
Washuu said. "Eh!? but Mom!-" Ryoko said, "You will address me as Ms
Hakubi" she said. "Hmph.." Ryoko stood up and tried her best to explain
he liver, after failing miserably, she was givin a detention slip for
talking in class. The Bell rang as Ryoko was sitting down, "Tommorrow
we'll have a test of chapter 10! have a nice day!" Washuu said to her
students. Several periods later Vegeta walked in, "Hey Washuu-chan!" he
said grinning. "That's Ms Hakubi to you" she said glaring and eating her
rice, Vegeta sat across from her, "You're no older than I am though!" he
said. "That may be, but you'll still address me as Ms Hakubi" She
replied. "Yea whatever, what'd you want to see me about?" he mumbled. "I
wanted to talk to you about your behavior in class, it's not really
helping your grade, and I wanted to know if you even care about your
grades, don't you realize this affects what college you get into??" She
asked, "I know, I ain't goin to college either" He said. "What?! why
not?! are you a complete idiot?!" she said standing up in her chair,
"Actually I just wanna get married and have a family" he said smirking.
"Bah! how would you get a job?!" she asked, "Streetfighter" he answered,
"oh  yea I'm sure your wife would just love that" Washuu said. "Hmph Yea
well it's an idea at least, what else could I do?!" he said, "Alot if
you got an education" she said, "Come to my house tonight, I'll give you
a better idea on that". "Your house?! hmm..you makin dinner?" Vegeta
asked. "THIS ISN"T A SOCIAL VISIT!, and  yes I am, be there at 8" she
said fixing her hair, "Wah dun mess with it, it's cute as it is" Vegeta
said. "Huh?" Washuu said blushing slightly, "You...think so?". "Yea! You
look like one big crab!" he said laughing. "!? Just get to my house at 
8..." she said grumbling and storming out of the classroom.

 Later that day, Yun, Yin, Thane, Vegeta, Tenchi and Makoto were playing
basket ball, "She invited you to her house?!" Yun said, "yup, she wants
me" Vegeta said smirking as he went up for a 3 point shot. It sank
through the hoop like a rock. "Oh man you''re so lucky!" Yun said. "Fool
she probably wants to discuss homework with him" Yin said. "Why would
Washuu need help on her homework??" Makoto said scratching his head.
"Ooooo! Methinks this ain't no homework discussion that's gonna be goin
on..she's had her eye on you for a while now" Yun said. "Yea like ever
since they were kids?" Tenchi said grumbling. "Bah! I don't care she
gets on my nerves too much" Veg said grabbing his backpack. "Well I'm
gonna come watch you two tonight" Yun said. "Oi Lad you shouldn't do
that to them.." Thane said. "Bah! It's my duty!" Yun said. Sweat drops
formed over everyone's heads. 

 Later at Washuu's house, Ranko was visiting Ryoko, while Vegeta and
Washuu discussed school work and college, "What do you think they're
doing?" Ranko asked. "Hmm..dunno, he's probably hopin she makes the
first move, he's always been that way with girls" Ryoko said. Downstairs
Vegeta was sitting on the couch watching TV, "Hahahahahaha!!!! this is
so funny!" Veg said cracking up. Washuu sat there watching him with
interest, "How can you like this stuff? I mean the guy falls off a cliff
and an anvil lands on him, what's so funny bout that?" she said. "Well
you're a Genius shouldn't you know?" Veg said smirking. "Even I dunno
somethings" she grumbled. "So whas for dinner?" Veg asked. "Fried Rice
and Mongolian Beef" she said. "I thought you were cooking" Veg said
scratching his head. " I AM Cooking! what you think I can't cook good
chinese food?!" She snapped. "Nope" he said flatly. "Grrr! well just
wait for it then you can praise me" she said. "Praise you!? Yea right!!"
Veg said, "why would I praise a crabby lil Over achiever?!". "Crabby?!
Little!?" Washuu said suprised as she changed into her adult form," How
bout now?". "Hmph..not much of an improvment" he said smirking in her
face, "Bah your face could use an improvment" she said. "Your face is
just fine" he said suddenly smiling, she blushed and blinked at him,
"What'd you say?" she asked blinking. 

 Back upstairs a knock came from Ryoko's window, she blinked and opened
it, Yun stood there with Tenchi and Thane, "What're you guys doin on my
roof?!" she said, "We came to see Washuu and Veggie!" Yun said hopping
inside, "Hey Ranko-chan!". Ranko waved to him. "So has he taken her
underwear off yet?" Yun said grinning. Ryoko and Thane slammed a mallet
over his head, "No she hasn't! they aren't even doing that!!" Ryoko
said, "at least I dun think they are..". "Well one way to find out" Yun
said running out of the room, he spotted Aso, "Oh Shit!!", turning
around he bolted back into Ryoko's room, "Aso's coming!". "Ah damn he's
gonna be suspicious!" Ryoko said. "Everyone hide!" Ranko said pushing
Yin into the closet, Tenchi dived under Ryoko's bed and Yun slid under
her sheets while Ranko got in next to him, "He'll think it's me" she
said grining, Thane jumped into Ryoko's dirty laundry quickly, "Ack! Not
a good idea..eeew.." he said holding his breath. Aso walked in, "Dinner
should be ready soon- Ranko why're you in Ryoko's bed??" He said
blinking, "Eeer I needed a nap" she said, "agh your leg is on my head.."
Yun whispered. Ranko fidgeted around some. As Aso turned to leave a
sneeze was heard from under Ryoko's laundry. "What was that??" he said
turning around, "er that was me" Ryoko said. "No it came from that
pile.." he said walking towards it, Yin ran out of the closet and out of
the room while he was distracted, running down the steps he found Washuu
and Vegeta kissing eachother on the couch, "Shit is there some sort of a
full moon out?!" he said running back up the steps, Thane teleported
from the laundry pile to the closet, as Aso was lifting the clothes up,
"Hmm.." he said. "Do you mind unhanding my bra?!" Ryoko said frowning.
"Oh Er sorry.." Aso said stepping back, he headed for the door, Yin was
running towards, "AH!" he yiped and jumped up to the ceiling, he dug his
fingers into the ceiling and held himself with all his strength, "Ow
this hurts.." he said his veins bulging from his arms. 

 Washuu pulled away from Vegeta and smiled, "I'll be RIGHT back" he said
bolting up the steps, Yin walked inside Ryoko's room huffing, "Geeze..I
Hope we don't have to do that again" he said between breaths, "That's
for sure.." Tenchi said, "Hey Ranko why're you still under the
blankets??". "Well Yun's found an interest in my legs.." She said
blushing, "Oi cut that out! it tickles". "...He's so honry.." Yin said
grumbling, Washuu knocked on Ryoko's door, "Ryoko Ranko! I have to talk
to you!" she said urgently. "Aaaaah not again!!" Yin said diving into
the toy chest, "OW!!". "Sssh!!" Ryoko said. "I can't help it I got a
Power Ranger up my ass.." he said whimpering. "Ugh..he lost his
virginity to a toy.." Yun said muffled under the sheets, Ryoko opened
the door and Washuu walked in, " He kissed me!!" she said. "He did?!"
Ranko said fidgeting. "Yea..and I LIKED it!" she answered, "So? he's
cute and you've been friends with him since you were kids" Ryoko said,
Suddenly a crash was heard from the closet, "Gah!" Thane yelled. "What
was that??" Washuu  blinked. "Rat??" Ranko said. "Nooo that sounded
like.." Washuu said as she walked past the bed, stomping on Tenchi's
hand unknowingly, "GAAAAAAAAH!!!!!" Tenchi said rolling out from under
the bed, "Tenchi?!" Washuu said startled as she stepped backed up
against the closet, "Ack!!" Thane said as she bumped into him, "Thane?!"
Washuu  said jumping back and tripping over the toy chest, "Gah!" Yin
said as the toy chest flipped over, "Yin!?" Washuu said about to have a
heart attack, she stood up, and sat down on the bed, Yun popped out from
under the sheets only to look Washuu in the face,
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!!!!!" they both screamed, "OK EVERYONE DOWNSTAIRS
NOW!!!" Washuu said getting a lil bent out of shape.

 Downstairs Washuu lectured everyone about the consquences of their
behavior, "So did you and Vegeta have sex yet?" Yun asked. " Not not
ye-SHUT UP WHY WOULD WE!? BESIDES THAT'S NONE OF YOUR BUISNESS!!" she
growled, "oi calm down" Veg said rubbing his ears, "You wanna be in
trouble with your pals?!" she snapped at Veg, shutting him up. "Ooo
Washuu and Veggie going out I finally found something to write about!"
Ranko said. "Oh like hell you're gonna put it in the newspaper!" Washuu
said. "Well it would stop all those over aged teachers from hittiing on
you" Yin pointed out. "Hmmm...so will we be in a color picture or black
and white?" She said grinning. Ranko took out her camera and began
taking pictues of Washuu doing sexy poses next to Vegeta, "Hmph what a
hypocrite" he grumbled and held him against her. 

 The next morning the school newpaper headlines had a picture of Washuu
and Vegeta on it and the headlines stated "Student Teacher dates
student, sorry girls this one's taken". "BLAH WHAT THE HELL!??!" Vegeta
said as he was soon surrounded by past admirirers, "Oi I think they're
angry about the newspaper" Tenchi said. "Well..gives me sometime to work
on my running speed.." Vegeta said taking off down the hall. "See ya in
5th period!" he said rounding the corner.

End

(MWAHAHHAH I FIRST Episode!! of course it probably sucks but hey, you
learn from your mistakes)
