Disclaimer: I do not own these characters. The Tenchi Muyo 
Cast belongs to AIC and Pioneer LOC. The cast of Gundam 
Wing does not belong to me either. They belong to their 
respectable companies and not to me. Please do not sue me 
for using these characters. The only things that belong to 
me are the story and the characters that I made up. Thank 
you and enjoy.


	"Tenchi!!!" shouted Ryoko as she flew around the 
grounds. "Tenchi? Where are you?" 
	Tenchi Masaki was in the stables, petting a stallion's 
head when he heard Ryoko's call.  
	"Here!" he shouted. 
	"Oh, there you are Tenchi. Relena and I have been 
looking everywhere for you. A letter arrived from Kuri 
today." Ryoko took his hand and glided up into the air.  
	"She wrote back?" Tenchi asked, excited. 
	"Yeah, Ayeka is aching to read it but she can't until 
we get back." The palace soon came into view as they flew 
over the green acres of Relena's estate. They landed in an 
inner courtyard and went into the palace, joined by the 
others in one of the parlors. Trowa was the last to come 
in. Kathy walked next to him, her arm linked with his. She 
was greeted with a crowd of hostile looks. 
	"Hey! Hurry up and read it!" cried Ryoko, switching 
her attention from Kathy to Ayeka. Ayeka neatly opened the 
letter and read,

Dear Family,
	
		How are you? Hopefully the peace is still 
keeping up. I think that I will be home for Christmas this 
year. Now I am one of the top lawyers at Bartholomew and 
Law. It's one of the top firms in New York. So, my dream 
has come true. My partner Sophia, is a big help. You guys 
should meet her. Anyway, I got a kitten. I named her Kumo 
and she is the cutest little thing. It's so much fun here 
in the U.S. I should bring home some clothes for you guys. 
They're really cute. So did anything new happen? Any news 
or anything? Has anybody gotten engaged yet? I hope so. 
Only 4 more months till Christmas. I'll see you all then. 
I'll miss you. 

			Love,
				
				Kuri

	"So I guess she's really coming," said Ayeka.  
	"I hope so," Relena took the letter from her and read 
it again. 
	>Why are Kuri's letter's always so short?< she asked 
herself.  
	Trowa leaned back and covered his face with his hand. 
	>Kuri< he thought. 
	
	Hundreds of miles away, Kuri started to cry, feeling 
an unbearable sense of loss. 
	"Trowa," she whispered. "please come back to me."
	"Knock knock," an attractive woman with blonde 
hair popped her head in the room.  
	"Sophia!" Kuri brushed away her tears. "What's up?" 
	"Well, I just got the conversations made between Vera 
Arden and her *lover* Tristin Riger. Quite interesting, 
they must have called each other every five minutes." She 
slid the file across the massive desk. 
	Kuri sighed and opened the folder. "You're right. 
Those two are obsessed with each other...and it sickens 
me."  
	Sophia sat in one of the black chairs opposite of 
Kuri. "You've been thinking about Trowa again haven't 
you." 
	Kuri nodded, embarrassed. "Yeah. I just can't stop 
thinking about him." 
	"Even with all this, you still can't forget one guy." 
She spread her arms out to Kuri's massive office with its 
expensive ornaments and many books. "You're rich, 
beautiful, smart. Come on Kuri, it's time to move on." 
	Kuri sighed. "It's not that easy Sophia. I just 
can't get over him. I've tried, God knows I've tried, 
but...I can't." She leaned back in her black leather chair
and closed her eyes. "Sophia, I'm moving back home." 
	"You mean, to Europe? Back to the Sanc Kingdom?" 
Sophia leaned forward, panicked. 
	"Yeah, at Christmas." She stared at the roses on her 
bookshelf.
	"Why?" 
	"I just feel...trapped her. I feel sick and tired. I 
just want to go home. There I can relax, be safe, be with 
my family." 
	"Tell me the real reason Kuri. Why do you want to go 
back?" Sophia felt sympathetic towards her. 
	"I...don't know." She swiveled in her chair so that 
her back was facing Sophia.
	"It's because of Trowa, isn't it? You want to see him 
again. Be near him again. Even if you can't be with him, 
you still want to be near him. Isn't that it?" Sophia spoke 
softly and sympathetically. She was not trying to hurt 
Kuri. 
	"You know what? You're right. God damnit, you're 
right. That's exactly why I want to go home. To see Trowa, 
to be hurt by him again, to be rejected again, to be beaten 
by that bitch Kathy. Yup, that's why I'm leaving!" Kuri 
spun around, her brown eyes blazing. 
	>She's still in love with him< thought Sophia. 
	"Hey Kuri, I'm sorry, I just, didn't want my friend 
to leave." 
	Kuri turned around and said nothing. 
	Sophia sighed and said, "Matt's going to stop by 
later and introduce you to a new lawyer. Alright?" 
	There was no answer. She sighed again and headed out 
the door. 
	"Thanks for caring," said Kuri.
	Sophia smiled and left. 

	Hours later, Kuri was sitting at her desk, bent over 
the numerous files. Occasionally she would highlight 
something and then continue on. A rap on the door 
interrupted her concentration. 
	She stretched her arms above her head and called, 
"Come in." 
	Two men walked entered the room. "Busy Kuri?" asked 
the one with the dirty blonde hair. She stood up and walked 
around her desk. 
	"Hell yeah. Do you have any idea how many phone calls 
Vera and Tristen made to each other?" Kuri leaned against 
her desk and smirked. "I swear, people like that sicken me. 
Vera's not even married a month and she's already cheating 
on her husband. And he wants a divorce! These business 
tycoons really live it up." 
	Matt laughed, his blue eyes dancing. 
	"How's Jenn? Your wife?" Kuri had met Jenn at a 
fashion show, where Jenn was watching her latest fashion 
ideas be modeled by beautiful women. And it was through her 
that she came to know Matt, who was the branch manager in 
New York. 
	"She's great. Producing more clothes than anyone 
could wear." Matt noticed his companion standing off to the 
side. "I'm sorry, Kuri this is one of our new lawyers. His 
name is Chris Damos." 
	Kuri shook hands at him. "Hi, my name is Kuri 
Masaki." She found herself drawn to his thick brown hair 
and dark brown eyes. His face was thin yet it gave him a 
sort of foxy look. 
	"Chris just transferred here from our firm in 
Los Angeles." Matt desperately hoped they would become a 
couple. His wife had told him of Kuri's problems with her 
last boyfriend. 
	"It's nice to meet you," he smiled at her. 
	"Same here." 
	"Kuri, I need you to show him around. Give him a 
taste of how we do things in New York." Matt winked at her. 
	"Sure, no problem." She smiled at him, but in a 
puzzled sort of way. 
	"Okay then, I'll let you two get acquainted." Matt 
walked out of the double doors, closing them softly behind 
him. 
	"So, I guess we'll start with the tour." Kuri led 
him out of her office. "Over here is the board room. 
There's two on each floor." 
	"Nice design. And how many floors are there?" He 
peered into mahogany furnished room.
	"About thirty. And over here is Matt's office. This 
is where you'll usually find him." 
	"Okay," he pretended to knock on the door.
	Kuri grabbed his arm. "Don't bother him right now. 
He's on the phone with his wife." 	
	Chris smiled at her. She noticed she was still 
holding his arm and quickly released it. 
	"Sorry," she said, blushing.
	"It's okay. Come on, let's finish the tour." 

	"Wow, I think we must have walked 5 miles." Chris 
collapsed into a chair in Kuri's office. 
	"You get used to it after awhile," she said laughing.
	"Yeah, but first, I need lunch." 
	"There's a gourmet restaurant across the street. 
Sophia and I go there all the time. Come on let's go." 
Kuri picked up her black coat and purse. 
	"More walking?" Chris looked up at her pleadingly. 
	"Oh, come on!" She grabbed his arm and coat and 
stomped out the room.
	"Madam! Nice to see you again." Said the man at the 
front.
	"You too Christian. Table for two please." She smiled 
at him sweetly.
	"Of course. Lise, show them to table 52 please." He 
handed the hostess two menus. 
	"Follow me please," the woman named Lise led them 
through the maze of elegantly set tables to a circular one 
in a corner. 
	"Thank you." Chris smiled at her and held out the 
chair for Kuri. 
	"Thanks." She smiled and sat down.
	"Sure. This place is nice." Chris sat down and looked 
down at the nicely set table. The cloth was of a yellow hue 
and the china and glasses were rimmed in gold. The sterling 
silver silverware matched the two candleholders. Two yellow 
candles were burning romantically in their holders. 
	They opened the leather bond menus and read down the 
columns. 
	"Um, what's good here?" Chris looked at Kuri. 
	"Well, why don't we start with drinks?" She flipped 
to the front. "Do you have any favorites?" 
	"Uh, no. Just as long there's no alcohol in the 
drink. I can't stand alcohol in the afternoon." 
	"Okay," she scanned down the page. "How about frosty 
lemon sherbet?" 
	"That's fine. Is the duck good?" 
	"I don't know, never tried it. But the basted fillet 
is good." Kuri looked up. 
	"Would you like to order?" A waiter in a white shirt 
and black pants pulled out a pad. 
	"Yes, um, I'll have the creamed broccoli soup, very 
light on the garlic and parsley." She gave him the menu. 
	"And you sir?" 
	Chris looked down at his menu. "I'll have the chicken 
Alfredo pasta." 
	"Would you like the chicken to be roasted or 
broiled?" 
	"Uh, broiled, please." Chris gave him the menu. 
	"Anything to drink?" 
	"Yes, 2 frosty lemon sherbets." Chris winked at Kuri.
	"Thank you very much," the waiter gave a short bow 
and left. 
	"How much is this going to cost?" Chris asked 
jokingly.
	"Don't worry, I'll pay." Kuri smiled.
	"No you won't. I'm the guy, I'm the one who's going 
to pay." He raised his eyebrow, silently challenging 
her.
	Her smile only widened and she said, "We'll see."  
	
	"Hey, Trowa, did you hear the news?" Heero sat down 
on the chair opposite Trowa. "Kuri's moving back."
	"Yeah, I heard," answered Trowa. His tone was dead 
and expressionless. 
	"And?" 
	"And what?" Trowa turned to him angrily. 
	"How do you feel about it?" Heero felt that Kathy was 
not doing a lot of good for Trowa. 
	Trowa scoffed. "Who cares how I feel? She evidently 
didn't."
	"You say it like she's some sort of bitch."
	"She is. A cold heartless bitch," he muttered. The 
word left a bitter taste in his mouth. 
	"It takes a lot to make someone like Kuri a cold 
heartless bitch," said Heero quietly. 
	"Yeah, well, there are always exceptions." 
	Heero sighed and said sadly, "When will you stop 
Trowa? When will you stop denying the fact that you still 
love her? You know you don't want Kathy. You want Kuri. 
It's in your eyes every time someone mentions her name. 
It's right there, black and white that you love her and 
can't stand the fact that you can't have her. Open up those 
eyes, Trowa. And see that it's Kuri that you want..."
	Trowa stood up, eyes blazing. He threw out his arms. 
"Okay I want her. My blood boils every time she mentions 
another guy. Whether it be her boss, her co-worker, 
whatever! I want her. My body and my mind long for her, for 
her beauty, her humor. Everything about her I have to know. 
Everything that's hers, I have to be apart of. Every dream, 
every emotion, every thought, I have to be apart of it all! 
I admit it. I still love her! Are you satisfied now? God!" 
He sat back down, clutching his head in his hands. 
	"So why don't you tell her?" 
	Trowa looked up and stared at Heero. "Are you out of 
your mind?" he asked dangerously. "Do you have any idea how 
much she hates me?" 
	"Whoever said she did?" Heero's expression was 
sympathetic." "Just tell her Trowa. It would make all the 
difference."
	To who? Me or her?" Trowa felt angry at the advice. 
	"To the both of you. Just tell her. The worst she can 
do is say no."   
	>That's what I'm afraid of< thought Trowa. 

	Over the next three months, Chris and Kuri 
occasionally had dinner and lunch together. They saw 
movies, plays, and even took a trip to the beach together. 
Chris felt himself falling in love with Kuri. But she saw 
them only as friends. 

	"Dinner was delicious. The miso soup was really 
terrific." Chris touched the linen napkin to his lips. 
	"Thanks, my sister Sasami taught me the recipe." She 
smiled and sipped her tea. 
	"Isn't Sasami younger than you?" He raised his 
eyebrow, amused. 
	Kuri laughed and said, "Well, Sasami's always been a 
better cook than me." 
	"Hmm, why all the modesty? You're never usually this 
modest." He smiled teasingly. 
	Kuri didn't return his cheerful mood. But instead 
became silent, like she was lost in another world. 
	"Kuri?" he leaned forwards and took her hand. "You 
okay?" 
	"What? Oh, yeah. I'm fine." She smiled and moved her 
hand away. "Actually Chris, there's something I have to 
tell you." 
	She cleared her throat. "Um...I'm moving back home."
	His warm brown eyes became confused pools of color, 
then dark shadows of disbelief. 
	"What? Why?" He leaned back in his chair. "I don't 
understand. You mean, back to the Sanc Kingdom?" 
	"Yeah, back to the Sanc Kingdom." She cut him off 
quickly. "It's my home. It's where I belong."
	"Kuri, but why?" His eyes were bleak and dark. No 
longer bright pools of light, but rather haunted blurs of 
hurt. 
	"I...don't belong here. I belong there, with my 
family." She took his hand and smiled sadly. "I would stay 
if I had found what I was looking for. But I didn't and I 
realize, that whatever I'm searching for, isn't here." 
	Chris sighed heavily. "Kuri, I need to tell you 
something too." He reached his hand into his pocket and 
drew forth a black velvet box. 
	Kuri saw what he held and cried, "Don't Chris. Don't
say it. Just let it be. Don't tell me something that you'll 
regret saying."
	"Please, just hear me out," he said pleadingly. "The 
first time I saw you, I felt...complete, whole. I thought 
that we could be something, something magical." 
	Kuri stared down into his hopeful eyes, her heart 
heavy and sharp with pain. Small tears of confusion ran 
quietly down her face as she looked at the man who knelt 
at her feet. 
	"I felt that maybe, just maybe, you could love me, 
even if it were only a little. I told myself not to fall 
for you, but I couldn't help it." His hands shook as they 
opened the box. 
	Kuri looked down and saw a diamond set in a platinum 
band. She let out a small cry and leapt out of her seat. 
She ran to the balcony doors and rested her forehead on the 
cool glass. 
	Chris followed her to her retreat. "I know this is 
hard and unfair that I'm putting all this pressure on you. 
Especially when you're so homesick. But, there hasn't been 
a someone for me in a long time. And all I want you to do 
is just think about it, that's all." He took her hand and 
put the velvet box in her hand, closing her fingers over 
it. 
	"Please, think it over." His lips brushed her cheek. 
	When she heard the door close, she sank to her feet 
and cried. She cried for Trowa, for Chris, and for herself.   

	Kuri awoke the next morning, with her mind clear and 
her cheeks salty with the tears she cried. She made plans 
as she showered and dressed for work. Then, wearing black 
pants, a white shirt, and a black suit coat, she drove to 
work, her mind still franticly trying to sort out the 
details of the night before. 
	Once inside the tall building of her firm, she shed 
her overcoat and suit coat, dropped her briefcase and 
purse, sat down at her mahogany desk, and began to bang her 
head against its surface. 
	"Idiot, idiot, idiot," she said as she continued to 
hit her forehead. 
	Sophia entered Kuri's office and found her violently 
beating her head against its hard surface. 
	She cried, "Kuri! What are you doing?" 
	Kuri raised her head and said miserably, "I am such 
a loser." 
	"Why? What happened?" Sophia placed her files on the 
desk and sat down in one of the chairs. 
	"Chris," she moaned. "He proposed to me last night." 
Kuri placed her head against her arms and began to bang 
again. 
	"Wait, wait. Stop that." Sophia placed her hand on 
Kuri's arm. "He proposed to you. And what did *you* say?" 
	"I didn't say anything. He told me to think about it 
and gave me this." She handed the box over to Sophia. 
	She opened it and gasped. "Is this platinum? Wow. 
This setting is really beautiful." 
	"Sophia, please, focus on the problem." Kuri 
snatched the box away and stared at the ring. 
	"Okay, now you're staring at it." Sophia rolled her 
eyes. "Alright, you need to..." 
	"Sophia, what if I said that I wanted to marry him." 
Kuri swiveled her chair around and stared out the window. 
	"Well, um, do you love him?" Sophia looked 
uncomfortable. 
	"I can learn to," her voice was filled with false 
hope.
	"Are you sure that's what you want, Kuri?" Sophia 
asked skeptically. 
	She spun her chair around slowly and said in a 
cheerful yet low tone, "Yes Sophia. That's what I want." 
	"Then, go tell him." She smiled at her friend 
encouragingly. 
	"Thanks." Kuri hugged her, smoothed back her blue 
highlighted hair, picked up the box, and walked out the 
door. 
	Sophia looked sadly at the closing door. When it 
closed, she bowed her head onto her arms and cried. 
	
	"Chris?" Kuri knocked on his door. 
	It opened quietly and his head poked out of the room. 
"Kuri!" He opened it wider. "Come in, please." 
	She walked in, nervously tapping her hands against 
the box. 
	"You look nice." He closed the door. "Can I get you 
anything? Tea, water, soda?" 
	"No thanks Chris. I came to talk to you about...your 
proposal." She looked down. 
	"Why don't you have a seat?" He gestured to the two 
chairs in front of his desk. 
	She sat down in the green upholstered chair and 
waited until Chris had seated himself in the one next to 
her. 
	Kuri held out the box and said, "Here, take it." 
	Chris sadly took the velvet box and opened it. "Hmm," 
he said, more to himself than to her. "I paid a fortune for 
this." 
	"Do you want to hear what I need to say?" she asked, 
scared. 
	"Sure, why not?" He tossed the box on his desk and 
smiled at her coldly. 
	"Yes Chris." Her hands clenched together. 
	"Yes? Yes to what?" Chris's eyes were glinting pieces 
of ice, and just as cold. 
	"I'll marry you Chris. I only gave you the box 
because I wanted you to put it on my hand." She smiled up 
at him, nervous. 
	His face broke into a smile and laughed at her joke. 
"Okay, I'll do it your way." He picked up the box and 
removed the ring. "Kuri Masaki, will you marry me?" He 
slipped the ring on her finger. 
	"Yes Chris, I will." She smiled at the sight of the 
glinting ring on her hand. 
	He took her in his arms and kissed her. Kuri kissed 
him back, and blocked all thoughts of Trowa. 

	"Ready to go?" Chris picked up his shoulder bag. 
	Yeah, let's go." Kuri smiled at him and followed him 
to the gate. 
	He gave the flight attendant his ticket. 
	"Thank you sir, enjoy your flight." 
	Chris waited as Kuri's ticket was being checked. 
	"You okay?" He took her hand. 
	"Yeah, just excited." Kuri squeezed his hand and 
felt her engagement ring being pressed against her flesh. 
	>What will my family say?< she asked herself 
anxiously. 
	"Okay, first class is upstairs. Come on baby." Chris 
walked up the carpeted stairwell, with Kuri right behind 
him. 
	"Wow, this is...spacious." Kuri said as she tucked 
her bag underneath her seat.
	"Yeah, it's pretty nice." He sat down next to her and 
leaned back. "This plane is bigger than my house." 
	Kuri giggled and leaned against his chest. She was 
filled with a sense of quilt. Every time she kissed him or 
even touched him, she felt a wave of betrayal, and hate for 
herself. 
	"Would you care for anything to drink?" asked a 
female flight attendant. 
	"Uh, yeah, a Pepsi please." Chris placed his arm 
around Kuri's shoulders. 
	"Make that two," Kuri smiled at the woman. "Wake me 
up when we get there." 
	"Okay. Just go to sleep." Chris placed a gray linen 
blanket on her lap. 
	Kuri sighed and closed her eyes, content with the 
moment.

	"Kuri! Kuri, over here!" Tenchi shouted as he 
jumped up and down. 
	"Okay Tenchi, I see you," said Kuri, laughing. "And 
it's good to see you." She hugged him tightly. 
	"Ryoko, it's been so long. You look great." Kuri and 
the space pirate hugged. 
	"Ayeka!" They embraced each other. Kuri asked. "Any 
news about Sasami?" 
	"Ask her yourself, she's at the house. Cooking your 
favorite meal." Ayeka smiled cheerfully.
	"Really? Oh, I can't wait to see her! Relena! Heero! 
How are you two lovebirds?" They blushed and hugged Kuri. 
	Kuri kissed all of the gundam pilots, even Trowa, 
and gave Kathy an affectionate hug. 
	Chris stood off to the side, watching the happy 
reunion. 
	"Oh, Chris, come here." Kuri took his hand and 
turned to face her family. "Everyone, this is Chris Damos, 
my fiance." 
	The Masaki family's faces broke off into smiles. 
Relena, Kathy, and the gundam pilots stared at her in 
disbelief. But Trowa, Trowa glared at Chris with hatred 
and resentment, and he silently accused Kuri of betrayal. 
	>How could she do this to me? I thought she loved 
me!< he thought angrily. 
	
	 "Wow, your palace is rather beautiful Your 
Highness," Chris glanced around the grand parlor. Green 
holly wreaths were draped around the fireplace and 
doorframes. Mistletoe hung on the doors and on the ceiling, 
waiting for their next victim. A silver white tree 
decorated with tinsel and delicate glass ornaments stood 
near the roaring fire. Brightly wrapped presents were piled 
underneath and around the tower of white. 
	"Thank you. But please, just call me Relena." She 
smiled at him. 
	"Um, okay." Chris went to sit next to Kuri, ignoring 
Trowa's hostile looks. 
	"Excuse me Miss Relena, but there are some packages 
here," said Pegann. 
	"Have them brought in," she answered. 
	"It's good to be home," Kuri said, smiling. 
	"I'm glad you're happy." Chris put his arm around 
her.
	"Are you happy here?" She touched his hand. Her ring 
glinted in the firelight. 
	"I'm happy if you're happy." He answered.
	Kuri smiled and turned her head away. Her eyes 
unintentionally met Trowa's. His eyes were filled with hate 
and betrayal. 
	Kuri's happiness started to black out and she turned 
away, angry. 
	"Is there an Kuri Masaki here?" 4 men came in 
carting 8 large boxes. 
	"Yes, that's me." She stood up and walked over. 
	"These are for you. Where do you want them?" 
	"Oh, great. Um, just leave them here. Thanks." She 
handed each of them a 10-dollar tip. 
	"Thank you. Merry Christmas." 
	"Chris, come here and help me." Kuri knelt beside a 
box and opened it. Inside were piles of nicely wrapped...
	"Presents!" shouted Ryoko. "Whoa, are those all for 
me?" 
	Kuri laughed and shook her head. "Sorry Ryoko, 
they're not all yours." 
	Chris helped her take out the gifts and arrange them 
around the tree. Trowa felt the bitter hate rise up in his 
throat with each gift they took out. He was supposed to be 
the one to help Kuri with the presents, not him!
	Kuri felt Trowa's burning stare on her back and 
moved closer to Chris. She knew it was wrong what she was 
doing but hurting Trowa gave her a sense of satisfaction...
and she loved it. 
	"Kuri," Relena drew her aside. "I had a meeting with 
my council this morning. They voted to have you on my staff, 
as part of my military cabinet."
	"Um, and when did you decide that I was going to be a 
staff member?" Kuri sat down and watched Chris tease 
Sasami.
	"I thought that...since you probably wouldn't have 
much to do here, and since Ryoko and Ayeka are already on 
my staff, you might want to be too." Relena started to 
doubt her decision. 
	"So, if I became one of your staff members, what 
would Chris do?" 
	"Well, he could be an ambassador." Relena answered. 
"He must be good at persuading, since he's a lawyer." 
	"Chris, come here." Kuri patted the seat next to 
her. 
	"Yeah?" He sat down. 
	"Relena wants me to be apart of her military cabinet, 
as an officer. And she wants you to be an ambassador. What 
do you think?" Kuri took his hand. "I won't do this if you 
don't want to be an ambassador." 
	He smiled. "Sure, why not?" 
	"Okay, then, it's settled." Relena clapped her hands 
in delight, seeming much like a little girl. 
	"Miss Relena! Miss Relena!" 1st Lieutenant Noin ran 
into the room, clutching a folder. "These just came in."
	Relena tore open the envelope and read, 
	"TO: Supreme Council of the Sanc Kingdom. 
	FROM: General Chitsu Hekuyo

	We have suffered heavy losses and can barely even 
protect space colony 003. We ask that you send us the 
gundam pilots and a delegation of military officers to help 
command this war. I am resigning from my office with honor 
and hope that you may send a new leader in my place. 

	General Chitsu Hekuyo 

	"With honor my ass!" Relena cried. She took a deep 
breath and said, "Miss Noin, call a meeting with my council 
for first thing in the morning to discuss this matter. Have 
General Chitsu arrested for treason." 
	"Of course." Miss Noin bowed and left the room. 
	Relena turned to Kuri and said ironically, "Well, this 
is turning out to be a cheerful Christmas."
	"Relena, what are you going to do?" Ayeka stepped 
forward.
	"I don't know," she sat down. "I should never have 
agreed to take on the space colonies as part of the Sanc 
Kingdom."
	
	"Please, please, be silent. Now, the space colonies are 
in danger. We have to there to help protect them...again." 
Relena struggled to keep the dripping frustration from seeping 
into her voice. 
	"Lady Relena, everyday we get reports saying they need 
more workers, more occupants, more supplies, more food, they're 
just using us to get what they want!" A brown-haired man in 
uniform stood up to be recognized.
	"I know what they're demanding. They do not realize 
that with a single word, we can cut off their connections 
with us, for good." Relena sighed. 
	"So why not just do that? There's no reason why we 
have to put some of our pilots on the line for a bunch of 
greedy colonists!" Bedlam broke loose with the last 
statement as everyone tried to voice their own opinions. 
	Relena leaned over and whispered to Kuri, "Do you 
see why I need you on my cabinet? All these officers and 
advisors, all they care about is getting more power for 
themselves. Ayeka and Ryoko can't take them all on." 
	Kuri smirked and listened with a pounding head as 
they continued to debate, ignorant to Relena's requests of 
silence. 
	Chris, who was reading up on government in the Sanc 
Kingdom, saw Kuri clutching her head. He quickly stood up 
and poured her a glass of water. 
	"Here," he handed the cool cup to her.
	"Thanks. You read my mind." She took a sip and leaned 
back her head in frustration. "Don't these people know to 
listen to their queen?" 
	"I guess not." Chris kneeled down next to her.
	"You'd better go back to your reading." She smiled at 
him. Chris nodded and kissed her before returning to his seat.
Kuri turned her attention back to the debate that was at hand. 
	"Ryoko, please, do something!" Relena said 
desperately. 
	The space pirate smirked and evaporated into the air. 
She appeared right next to the two loudest staff members. 
She held two energy swords, one to each one's neck. 
	Ryoko curled her lips up into an evil grin and said 
menacingly, "Are you going to shut up of your own free 
will? Or do I have to shut you up?" 
	The fat one with a red face panicked and turned to 
Relena, pleading, "Lady Relena, please, make her stop!" 
	Relena only smiled innocently and purred, "Maybe you 
should listen to her." 
	"So, are you going to be quiet?" Ryoko leaned towards 
their face. 
	"Yes, yes, whatever you say," they said. Ryoko 
deactivated her swords and flew back to her chair. In the 
corner, Tenchi and the gundam pilots looked at each other 
in confusion."  
	"Relena, I think you should get rid of those two. 
They're so chicken they would betray all of our secrets 
just to save their own pitiful little lives." Ayeka 
whispered.
	"I know," she answered. "I've already taken care of it." 
	"Your Majesty, certainly you see that sending you and 
the gundam pilots would be foolish and unnecessary." A kind 
looking diplomat said. 
	"That may be, but they are still apart of this nation 
and as such, we must defend them. We must go." Relena said, 
pointedly. 
	"Yes, but why send our queen?" 
	"Because, these people are my responsibility and 
because of that, I must go and make sure that their safety 
is my personal business." Relena shook her head in 
frustration. 
	"But what about our gundam pilots? Surely they don't 
want to risk their lives on such an outrageous request." 
Shouted on of the power-hungry officers. 
	Tenchi stood up from his seat and said, "We pilots do 
not worry about our own lives in matters like this. We only 
go where we are told and do what is ordered." 
	The pilots nodded their heads in agreement. 
	"Relena, can we still go to the colonies without the 
Senate's permission?" asked Ayeka.
	"Yes, but it's better and more reassuring to the 
colonists to have their approval. Besides, it makes them 
feel useful and prevents a civil war among the people." 
Relena whispered. 
	"But Lord Tenchi, who's orders do you follow?" 
A withered old man asked, his eyes gleaming maliciously. 
	Tenchi gave him a frosty look and said coolly, "The 
queen's of course." 
	The girls smiled at the man's flustered face. But 
their grins were quickly erased as the cabinet members 
began to quarrel amongst themselves again. 
	Ayeka stood up, her lovely eyes gleaming angrily. 
"Alright, that is enough!" she shouted slamming her hand on 
the table. They all turned to look at her.
	Ayeka regained some of her composure. "That is enough 
fighting. Now, we know the colonies are in trouble, and we 
know..."
	"Lady Ayeka," said a man in blue uniform. 
	"Quiet, I am not through." She hissed through 
clenched teeth. "The colonies are in trouble. And the Sanc 
Kingdom is a pacifist country. It was built on a peaceful 
foundation. How can men, who say they serve their country 
justly and loyally, refuse to help their brothers?" 
	"But why must our queen go?" snapped the man in blue. 
	"Because, she knows that her first priority is to her 
people, not to a crowd of sniveling little weasels who 
claim to be members of the State." Ryoko answered. 
	"How dare you imply that..." The man's voice was cut 
off as groups of military soldiers filed into the room. 
	Heero pulled out the blaster at his side and pointed 
it one of the Senate members. Tenchi and the others did the 
same. 
	"By the decree of Queen Relena of the Sanc Kingdom 
and others, you are all under arrest." Said one of the 
armed soldiers. "You either give yourselves up freely or be 
shot." 
	A man named Jager turned to Relena and said angrily, 
"What is the meaning of this?" 
	Relena smirked and answered, "My secret service has
uncovered evidence that you and yours have plotted to have
me and my personal staff assassinated. You care only of 
your own needs and that...is treason. Take them away." 
	The cabinet members were hauled away, shouting threats
of revenge.
	Ryoko laughed and said merrily, "What now?"
	"We're going to the space colonies," Relena turned to 
look out the large window. 
	"Okay then, we're going to pack up the gundams on the 
carrier jets," said Tenchi. 
	Relena nodded. 
	"Relena! I want to go too. Wherever my Trowa goes, I 
want to go," whined Kathy as she tugged on Relena's white 
coat. 
	"Alright, now stop that! You'd better go pack if you 
want to go. We've already packed ours." She yanked her arm 
away. "Chris." 
	He hurried forward, "What?" 
	"I need you to go to the U.S. government. Tell them 
what's happen and ask them to start a trade relationship 
between themselves and the space colonies. Maybe that'll 
help the colonies' economy and get them off my back for 
awhile." She gestured to Lt. Noin. "Go with her, she will 
give you all the information you need." Relena paused and 
added, "This may take some time." 
	"No problem." He kissed Kuri. 
	When they finally parted, he smiled and whispered, 
"I'll see you." 
	"Take care." She kissed him again and watched as he 
left the room. 
	"Come on, we'd better go." Relena left the room, 
followed by everyone else. 
	Tenchi sighed and thought;
	>Into battle...again< 

	Hours later, their private shuttle landed on a large 
warship. The warship was not even apart of the colony, but 
was instead a ship that simply drifted some kilometers 
away. 
	An officer met them on the docking bay. "Welcome 
aboard Starship 5287." He bowed. "I'm Captain Sander 
Ricard." 
	Relena nodded and said, "At ease Captain. Now, what 
is the report?"
	Sander turned his head away, "Our forces are down to 
78 percent, even though Professor Washu is doing all that she 
can to improve the mobile suits' defenses. And those damn 
colonists won't help by enlisting. They just sit back and 
complain that they're being threatened and nobody cares." 
	"Please, try not to swear, Captain." Relena said 
calmly. 
	"Sorry Lady Relena." He rubbed the back of his neck. 
"I'll, um, show you to your quarters." 
	Sander led them down corridors and an elevator before 
they reached the sleeping quarters.  
	"I apologize about the...um...lack of comforts you have 
but we are at war and have to make do with what we've got." 
He opened a door. "You will have to pair up."
	"Okay, I'll bunk with Ayeka," Kuri glanced at Ayeka 
who nodded in agreement. 
	"Then, I'll stay with Ryoko," Relena said quickly.
Ryoko shrugged, "Fine by me." 
	"What about me?" asked Kathy.
	Sander scratched his head and said thoughtfully, "You 
can stay with Lacy, her roommate Patti was killed in battle 
yesterday. Stupid girl, didn't follow orders." 
	Relena asked curiously, "Was she the one that was 
always mentioned in the reports I received?" 
	He answered, "Uh, yeah. The superior officers were 
always complaining that she...er... slept around with the 
younger officers but don't worry, Lacy never does that kind 
of thing." 
	"Oh, well, that's good," Kathy rolled her eyes. 
	"Okay, so, I'll show the rest of you guys' your 
rooms." Sander gave Kuri and Ayeka both an identity 
card and a key before moving to the next room.  
	They sighed and dragged their suitcases into the room 
and looked around at their surroundings. Two beds were 
tucked into the opposite corners of the room. Nightstands 
were placed next to both of the beds. A dresser and two 
desks were set against the walls. Doors led into a small 
bathroom and a tiny closet. Everything from the gray carpet 
to the white and blue made-up beds was formal and stiff.
	"Um, well, at least it's clean." Ayeka said 
cheerfully.   
	"Yeah, but let's see if we can brighten up the color 
in here." Kuri said. She swung her suitcase onto the bed 
on the left side of the room and opened it. 
	"Well, it does look more...homey," smiled Ayeka. She 
gazed up at the family portrait and the little bric-a-bracs 
that covered the desk and dresser. 
	"Are you happy, Kuri?" Ayeka sat on the bed. "You don't
seem too happy."
	"Yes I'm happy, why?" Kuri forced herself to smile. 
	"Trowa," she answered simply. 
	Kuri smiled nervously and said, "What about him?
	Ayeka shrugged, "I don't know. Just the way you look 
at him." 
	"Ayeka, I don't feel anything towards him anymore," 
Kuri hissed. 
	"I think you do, Kuri. Don't think you can try and 
fool me just like that." The purple-haired princess smiled, 
sad. "I know you too well." 
	"You don't know me. Nobody understands, not even 
Chris," Tears started to stream down her cheeks. She sat on 
her bed and gripped her hair with her hands. "Nobody 
understands," she whispered. 
	"I understand..." Ayeka went over and sat down next 
to Kuri. 
	"You can't understand." She snapped. "You can never 
understand because you never lost Trowa...or Tenchi."
	"And how have I not lost them?" asked Ayeka, her 
voice ice cold. 
	"Because they were never yours to begin with." Kuri 
whispered. She wiped away her tears. "I'm sorry Ayeka. I 
just don't know what to do anymore. I don't know what I 
want."
	Ayeka, though still a bit angry, replied in a 
reassuring tone, "Just do what you want to do." 
	Kuri looked at her. "Washu made a gundam for me. I'm 
supposed to name it today. And, I'm going to ask Heero to 
teach me how to fly it." 
	Ayeka gasped, "Is it safe?" 
	"As safe as it is sparring with you," Kuri smiled. 
	Ayeka smiled back and teased, "Well then, that's not 
very safe." 
	"Oh, shut up!" Kuri shouted as she hit Ayeka with 
her pillow. 

	"Ryoko!" Washu hurried up to her daughter and hugged 
her. "I'm so glad you came. We could really use your help 
up here."
	"It's nice to see you too Mom. And you Dad." Ryoko 
hugged Washu's husband, Milliardo. 
	"Oh, and who's the little sweetheart?" Ryoko took her 
younger sister, Lana, from Washu. "Hey there, remember me?" 
She kissed the baby's soft crown of golden hair. 
	"It's great to see you Relena." Milliardo hugged her 
warmly.
	"Yeah, you too." Relena smiled happily. 
	"Heero, Trowa, Wufei, Duo, and Quatre, all here. It's 
nice that you're here." He shook hands with the gundam 
pilots. "We can use great pilots like you."
	Milliardo turned to Tenchi and warmly shook his hand. 
"So I hear you're dating my daughter." He winked at Ryoko. 
"You be very good to her."
	"Sure, Milliardo," Tenchi gave Relena an odd look. 
	Relena shook her head in apology. "I never seen this 
side of him before." 
	"Kuri, you should go name your gundam. You can't go 
into battle with a nameless gundam. It's bad luck," Washu 
said, half-serious. 
	"Um, okay." She nodded, making her icy-blue highlights 
gleam underneath the light. 
	"Come on, I'll show you your gundam." Washu led her 
down the hall. 
	"Did you guys know that Kuri would be training to be 
a gundam pilot?" Ayeka turned towards the others.
	"I did, she asked me to teach her how to operate her 
gundam." Heero leaned against the wall and shrugged. 
	"Are you crazy? You're going to let her *fight*?" 
Trowa cried. 
	Tenchi stepped in. "Why not? Ryoko's going to fight."  
	Trowa turned on him. "Well, yeah, but she's been a 
soldier for a long time. And besides, Kuri doesn't know 
what she's doing!" 
	"Neither does Ryoko. That's why the gundam pilots are 
here. We're here to teach them." Heero walked up to Trowa 
and stared into his face. "Whether you like it or not." 

	"It's nice looking." Kuri peered out the glass 
windows at the docking bay. Her newly constructed gundam 
was blue, white, gold, black, and gray. Suitable for 
warfare.
	"Yeah, and it has a stronger shield and defense 
system." Washu looked at Kuri. "So, what are you going to 
name it?"
	"I think I'll name it...Achika, for my mother." She 
smiled at the thought. 
	"Um, Kuri, Tenchi already chose that for his 
gundam's name." 
	"Really? Then I'll name it...Funahoe, for my second 
mother." 
	Washu smiled and said, "That we can do." She leaned 
on the rail and gazed at the magnificent gundam. "I never 
got a real chance to thank you for saving Milliardo and my 
baby." Washu placed her hand on Kuri's shoulder and 
smiled.
	"It's alright. Besides, Ayeka would have done fine if 
I had failed." Kuri brushed Washu's hand away, 
embarrassed.
	"Well, it seems like you're a lot stronger than they 
are. Can I do some tests on you?" Washu grinned evilly.
	"Washu!" Kuri backed away.
	"I was joking!" Washu laughed hysterically. "You're 
just as bad as Tenchi." Kuri started to laugh to too. 
	
	Day after day she went through hard training with 
Ryoko and the gundam pilots, learning how to master her new 
gundam. And everyday right after practice, she would take a 
quick shower and attend the continuous meetings that 
discussed the colony's defenses and stuff. She had very 
little time to think about her fiance, Chris. 
	 
	Tenchi and the others were having lunch when the 
battle began. The final battle for the freedom of the 
colonies. 	
	A female voice came over the intercom and said, 
"White Fang is attacking. All officers and pilots to their 
posts please, I repeat, White Fang is attacking, all 
officers and pilots to their posts." 
	Heero jumped out of his chair and dashed down the 
hall, followed by everyone else. 
	Wufei stayed behind with Tenchi. He kissed Ayeka and 
said softly, "I'll be back."
	Ayeka smiled and whispered, "Be careful."
	He kissed her again and ran after the other gundams. 
	"Stay and help Ayeka and Relena, Kuri. Come only 
when you're needed, okay?" Tenchi hugged his sister.
	"Okay," she kissed his cheek. "Hurry up!" 
	Tenchi nodded and ran out the door, Ryoko right 
behind him. 
	"Good luck," murmured Kuri. "You'll need it." 
	She and Ayeka hurried to the control room.
	 
	Ayeka and Kuri burst into the room, where other 
officers were already at work. They sat at their computers 
and scanned through the data. 
	"How are we doing?" Kuri slipped on her headset and 
started to type furiously. 
	"We don't know Lieutenant. The data is all jacked up 
and we can't read them." A man in uniform turned from his 
desk to answer. 
	"Washu, anything?" Ayeka cried as she viewed each 
casualty. 
	"No. We can't see a thing. They must have damaged the 
viewing satellite." Washu answered. She typed furiously on 
her laptop, trying to fix it. "Wait, it's coming through 
now. We're losing a lot of our people."
	"Damn it! A lot of the mobile suits are being sliced 
down!" Kuri threw the headset aside and picked up her 
helmet. 
	"Where are you going?" Relena turned from her 
station.
	"To fight," Kuri pushed a button and the door slid 
open.
	"You might be killed," Ayeka jumped up from her 
station and panicked.
	"So might Tenchi and the rest of them." Kuri walked 
out. 
	Kuri floated into her gundam and strapped herself 
in. She pulled on her helmet and said, "Kuri, this is 
Ayeka, can you hear me?" 
	Ayeka's voice came over the headset she wore underneath 
the helmet. "Yes, I can hear you clearly. Are you ready to 
go?"
	"Yeah, I'm about to leave." Kuri hit some buttons 
and waited for the attendants to move out of the way.
	"Be careful." Ayeka's voice sounded worried.
	"Don't worry about me," she answered. Kuri grabbed 
the controls and flew out of the docking bay, towards the 
battle.
	"Hey, look who's finally here!" Ryoko's smiling face 
came up on the screen. 
	"Shut up," Kuri smiled a little. 
	Tenchi and the others were fighting furiously, each 
one slicing down anyone that was in their path.	Trowa was 
having no problem killing the enemy, neither was Heero, Duo 
or Wufei. Quatre and Tenchi seemed to be the most reluctant 
to kill. But Kuri and Ryoko easily got into it and destroyed 
anyone that challenged them. Tenchi was shocked at how easily 
and unmercifully Kuri killed the others. 
	
	After hours of bloodshed and violence, it was all 
over; the final battle was over. They had won. Relena sent 
ambassadors, including Chris, to the leaders of the White 
Fang Organization to forge a peace treaty between themselves 
and White Fang.

4 months later...
	
	After four months, the Masaki family was back in 
their house in Okayama. Relena and the pilots remained in 
the Sanc Kingdom, on the watch for anymore trouble. Sasami 
was also there, home on her summer vacation.  
	Kuri began to grow lonesome. Chris was always traveling 
from the Sanc Kingdom to any other country. He was one of 
Relena's top ambassadors. But his absence really started to 
give her time to think about their relationship. She thought 
about it as she worked in the fields with Tenchi, weeded in 
the garden with Ayeka, and trained with her grandfather at 
the shrine. The more she thought about it, the more she 
realized that, it would never work. The problem was, what 
about Chris? 
	 
	Chris eventually found time off to meet Noboyuki and 
Yosho, but he brought Relena and the pilots with him. As 
soon as he arrived in Okayama, plans for their wedding 
began. They discussed who would be maid of honor, what 
dresses they would wear, where the wedding would be held, 
but there was still something that wasn't talked about. 
Kuri listened as they debated the color of the bridesmaids' 
gowns. Her head pounded with all the endless plans. She stood 
up and walked outside. 
	"What's the matter with her?" Ayeka asked. 
	"She's probably just really excited," Chris nodded, 
trying to block himself from the truth. "I'll talk to her." 
	He followed her out to the lake. Kuri stood at its 
edge, gazing out at the peaceful scene. 
	"I know, you want to ask if this is the right thing 
to do." She said without turning. 
	"Actually I was going to ask if you wanted to have 
pink dresses instead of the silver-gray." Chris chuckled 
nervously. 
	Kuri shook her head, "Don't joke about this Chris." 
	"Kuri..."
	"No, I've had time to think while you were gone and I 
don't think this is going to work. We're two different people. 
We have nothing in common anymore." 
	He sighed and said, "Kuri, I've been feeling the same way. 
I just...didn't know how to break your heart." 
	She smirked, "You're so full of it. So, what are we going 
do?"
	"Well, I've thinking about going back to New York. Matt 
said that he'll hold my job for me."
	"That's nice." 
	"Well, what about you? What are you going to do?" He 
sat down next to her.
	"Stay here with my family. Become a priestess of the 
Masaki shrine." 
	"Fun. I'm sure you'll be happy." 
	Kuri smiled ironically, "I know you will be happy." 
She stood up and embraced him. 
	"I'll be seeing you." He started walking towards the 
house to pack.
	"Should I drive you to the airport?" 
	He turned and answered, "No. Let's part as friends, 
and nothing more." 
	Kuri watched as he left and thought, 
	>Do friends part this easily?<

	"Kuri, I heard that Chris left." Trowa walked up to 
her as she knelt by her mother's stone.
	"Yeah, we both decided to break up. It didn't work." 
She placed a bunch of yellow lilies on the grave. 
	"Sorry." He sat down next to her. 
	"Don't be. It was bound to happen sooner or later." 
	"Kuri, I hate to see you like this," Trowa peeked at 
her. 
	"I'll survive Trowa. Don't worry about me." 
	"I can't help *but* worry about you." 
	Kuri scoffed and shook her head at him, "You 
shouldn't."
	"I should," he moved closer, "Kuri, I've never felt 
differently about you." 
	"I know Trowa." She replied. 
	"Well?" 
	"Well what?" her voice was full of sarcasm. "You want 
to know if I still like you?" 
	"Um, yeah. I do." 
	"Do you expect me to fall head over heels in love 
with you, just like that?" her brown eyes were icy and 
harsh.
	"No, I just want a simple answer." 
	"Alright, I've...never felt differently either." She 
hugged him. "There, I said it. Are you happy?"
	"Kuri," he sat there, with her arms around him, 
dazed and confused.
	"I'm sorry I left you. I should have at least tried. 
But all I did was run, I ran away to New York, just to get 
away from the pain, the hurt. When all this time, you still 
loved me." She sobbed hysterically. 
	Trowa held her, stunned by this turn of events. 
	"You should know that I will always love you Kuri," 
he whispered into her hair. 
	"I know that now." She smiled into his shirt. 
	"Kuri," she looked up at him. 
	Trowa lowered his head and kissed her gently. 
	If he had known that she was only waiting for him, he 
would have told her he loved her long ago.

	"Hey," Trowa bent and kissed his wife on the cheek. 
Kuri smiled and got up so that they could kiss properly. 
They had been married for three wonderful years. "What are 
you working on?" 
	Kuri showed him the cream-colored letter she held. 
	"I got a letter from Sophia. She and Chris just got
married." She smiled, in a relieved sort of way. 
	"Are you sad?" Trowa came up behind her and placed 
his hands around her. 
	"Nope, just relieved that he didn't pine away." She
smiled up at him. 
	Trowa smiled back and looked down at the girl who
was tugging at his pants. "Hey, how's my Achika?" He swept
her up into his strong arms.
	"Daddy!" shouted the girl. "I dot a book." She 
babbled in her little language.
	"It's a very pretty book too." He smiled and put her 
down. 
	"Achika and I went to see Ryoko today," Kuri put the 
manuscripts in the drawers. "She invited us to dinner. And 
I feel too tired to cook."
	"I think you've been working too hard on your 
calligraphy," He sat down next to Kuri on the couch, his arm 
around her shoulders. She smiled, the old romance hadn't 
died. 
	"No, it's not too much, it's actually refreshing to 
me," She snuggled against his chest. 
	"Okay," he said, his voice drenched with sarcasm. 
"Well, it's almost dinnertime, we'd better go."
	Trowa held the door as his wife and child walked out. 
They made the two-minute walk up the hill to Tenchi's 
house. Kuri gazed at the view as she walked. The old 
Masaki house was still there, with the luxurious onsen 
still floating a few feet away. But now, only Sasami, 
Noboyuki, and Mihoshi lived there. Five more houses were 
added to the lovely view of the valley. Ayeka and Wufei's, 
Kiyone and her new husband's houses were by the lake. The 
house Washu and Milliardo lived in was a little ways away 
from the orginal house. And Ryoko and Tenchi's home was on 
a hill that overlooked the old Masaki house. Kuri and Trowa's 
house was built a short distance from Tenchi's.
	Trowa rang the doorbell of the beautiful house designed 
by Noboyuki.  
	"Hey! You guys, come in." Ryoko appeared wearing a 
blue shirt and black pants. Her son, Toshi, peeked around 
her legs. Achika squirmed at the site of her cousin and 
wiggled, trying to get free. Trowa laughed and put her 
down. She ran off after her cousin.
	"Play nice Toshi," Ryoko called. 
	He stopped and said, "Yes mommy." He took Achika's 
hand and led her into his playroom to play. 
	"Wow. You're son is really polite." Trowa hung up his 
jacket and followed Ryoko into the living room.
	"Yeah well, he doesn't get it from me, I'll tell you 
that." Ryoko poured some tea. "He probably gets it from 
Tenchi."
	"Hey you guys," Tenchi kissed his sister on the cheek 
and shook hands with Trowa. "Where's Achika?"
	"With Toshi, playing." Kuri sat down on the opposite 
sofa. 
	"Well, let them play. That gives us time to eat." 
Tenchi laughed and led them into the dinning room. 
	They laughed and joked about the time when Ryoko 
couldn't cook worth a darn. 
	"And now, she's one of the best cooks ever," shouted 
Tenchi. He laughed. Nobody noticed that Kuri had gone very 
quiet. She stood up and walked towards the door, Trowa 
stood up.
	"Kuri, where are you going?" 
	"Home," was the answer. 	
	"Why? What's wrong?" Tenchi stood up. 
	Kuri felt weak and dizzy. The room spun around her, 
making her fall against the wall, dazed.
	"Kuri," cried Trowa. "You okay? Maybe we *should* go." 
He turned to Ryoko. "Could you get Achika?" 
	Ryoko nodded and walked towards the nursery. Inside, 
the two kids were eating soup and watching a kid's movie. 
	"Achika, you have to go now, babe." Ryoko stooped 
over and picked up the baby. 
	"Otay, Bye bye Toshi." She waved at her cousin. He waved 
back and returned to the movie. 
	Trowa thanked them and walked home, with Achika at 
his side while he supported his wife. Kuri lay down in bed 
and slept, tired and drained of all energy. When she woke 
up, Trowa had already gone to the hospital that he worked 
at. Kuri took a quick shower and walked to Washu's house. 
She left Achika with Milliardo and Lana before going to 
Washu's lab.
	"Kuri! How nice to see you. Are you alright? Ryoko 
called and told me that you had fainted last night." Washu 
hugged her.
	"Well that's why I came to see you Washu." Kuri 
followed the scientist deep into her lab.
	"I can run some tests," Washu laid her down on a bio-
bed and cover it with an energy dome. She sat down and 
began to type on her holographic laptop.
	"Well?" Kuri sat up.
	"Kuri," Washu looked scared. "You have 
some...problems.
	Kuri stiffened. What was wrong?
	"I found some damage in your body. When you created 
that shield to protect us during the day of the battle, it 
took all of your power. And since your power started to 
drain, you started to take energy from yourself, kind of 
like what your mother did. What I'm telling you 
is...that...is that...you only have a short time to live." 
Washu dropped her gaze. "I'm sorry."
	"Can't you do anything?" Kuri looked distraught and 
desperate. 
	"You know that if I could, I would. But the damage is 
too severe, I can't repair it." Washu looked sad, but not 
as sad as Kuri did.
	"But, Trowa, Achika. I can't leave them! We've only 
been together for a few years!" Kuri jumped up and started 
to cry. 
	"Kuri, please. This won't help. Panicking will not 
help!" She sat down next to her on the bed.
	"How long?" asked Kuri, her heart in her eyes.
	"About two months, maybe more, maybe less." Washu 
sighed. 
	"Washu, would you help me tell them?" Kuri looked 
pleadingly at the pink haired woman.
	"You know I would," Washu smiled encouragingly. 

	Later that night, the family was sitting in the 
living room of the main Masaki house. 
	"So, what's the big news?" asked Tenchi.
	"I'm...I...I'm um." Kuri wrung her hands as she 
spoke.
	"Are you pregnant?" asked Noboyuki. Trowa looked at 
her in shock. 
	"No, I'm...I'm..." She took a deep breath, "I'm 
dying."	
	"What..." Tenchi stared at his sister.
	Washu jumped in and hastily said, "When she created 
that field, she used all of her power to keep it up. And 
her power started to weaken so she unintentionally took 
away her life, little bit by little bit. And because of 
the stress she had in the past, her heart has begun to 
weaken." She displayed charts on a projector, which nobody 
cared to see. 
	"How long?" asked Trowa.
	"About two months." Washu looked at him. He seemed 
like he had become a old man all at once. 
	"I think we had better go now." Trowa stood up, 
his expression set, as always. Kuri stood up silently and 
followed him, leaving Achika with Yosho for the night.
	At home, Trowa said nothing, only changing for bed 
and remaining quiet and tense. Kuri changed for bed too, 
fearing what her husband might do or say to her.
	She moistened her lips nervously and said, "Trowa?" No 
answer. "Don't block me out Trowa."
	"You just had to be the heroine, didn't you?" He 
turned his back.
	"What?" 
	"You just couldn't let Ayeka or Tenchi help you. You 
just had to do it all by yourself." 
	"I had no other choice." She was scared. This was the 
first argument that they had had for a long time.
	"Bullshit!" he shouted. He sat up, glaring at her. 
	"You think I deliberately planned this? You think I 
want to die? I'm only 25 for God's sake. Do you think I 
want to leave our daughter? Or you? My family, friends? 
Don't get all selfish on me Trowa Barton! What do you think 
I'm going through? I'm the one who's gonna die, not you!" 
She sobbed. She needed Trowa's support and he wasn't 
helping.
	"Don't you think I'm going through hell too?" His 
voice became gentler. "Kuri, if you had ever died, I would 
want to die with you." That night, he slept on the couch.

	The months passed by quickly, and nobody mentioned 
death or anything, though they knew Kuri was already 
planning her funeral, where she wanted to be buried and who 
would get what when she was gone. 
	On the day of her birthday, everyone got together at 
the original Masaki house for her party. Sasami had baked a 
cake and the girls had decorated the living and dining 
rooms with streamers and banners; balloons were tied to 
every chair and sofa, and even to the kareoke machine. 
	After dinner, which Sasami had slaved over that 
afternoon, Mihoshi and Kiyone pulled out the kareoke 
machine. Ayeka sang by herself, gazing at Wufei as her 
delicate voice rose and fell with the tune. Ryoko and 
Tenchi sang a duet dedicated to Kuri. But when it was 
Kuri's turn to sing, no amount of begging would get her to 
take the microphone. It took an eternity of pleading and 
coaxing just to get her to take the microphone, but she
finally took it. Her face was red as she walked up in front 
of everybody. 
	Washu punched in the song that Kuri wanted and soft 
music played. She smiled at Trowa, who held Achika in his arms 
and began to sing softl to the melancholy tune. 

A million stars light
This beautiful night 
This is not a night to die
Let me sing and dance 
Beneath the sky
I have such a love to give
To give!
I want a chance to live

Live
For the one I love
Love
As no one has loved
Give
Asking nothing in return

Free
Free to find my way
Free to have my say
Free to see the day

Be
Like I used to be
Like a wild bird free
With all of life in me

Live 
For the one I love
Love 
As no one has loved
Give
Asking nothing in return

Though this world tears us apart
We're still together in my heart
I want the world to hear my cry
And even I have to die
Love will not die
Love will change the world

Live 
For the one I love
Love
As no one has loved
Give
Asking nothing in return

I'll love until love wears me away
I'll die and I know my love will stay
And I know my love will stay
	
	Trowa gazed at her with the softest expression on his 
face. Kuri smiled back at him, her eyes luminous from the 
love that shone around her. 
	>Yes< he thought, >I have been blessed.<

	Trowa had woken up the next morning to find that 
Kuri had slipped into a bad state and she was immediately 
moved to Washu's lab, where she stayed on a bio-bed. She 
was conscious most of the time and spoke and laughed with 
her friends and family as if nothing was wrong. Relena, 
Heero, her family from Jurai, and the others came to stay 
with her during her final days. 
	"Hey," Trowa walked into the room where Kuri was 
kept.
	"Hi," Kuri smiled at him. 
	"How are you feeling?" Trowa looked at her, though 
she was in pain, she never showed it and she remained as 
beautiful as ever. 
	"It's almost over." Her answer stung him. She knew 
her time was near. 
	"Look who's here to see you," Trowa put his daughter 
on the bed.
	"Mommy!" Achika wrapped her small arms around her 
mother's neck.
	"Hey baby. Mommy has to go away for awhile, but I'll 
see you soon, okay?" Achika nodded. "I love you."
	"I love you too mommy," Achika kissed her mother and 
hopped down to go play with Toshi.
	Trowa watched with heart-wrenching pain as his 
daughter bid farewell to her mother with such carelessness 
and indifference. He sighed and sat down behind his wife. 
She leaned against his shoulder as they sat facing the wall, 
sitting like they did the first time Trowa proclaimed his 
love for her. 
	"When I'm gone, don't be too strict with Achika. 
She's a girl after all." 
	"I never was strict with her was I?" He felt her 
smile.
	"Don't spoil her too much either." He smiled this 
time. 
	"What will I do without you?" His voice choked with 
emotion. 
	"Be there for our daughter until you and I are 
together again." She looked up at him. He sighed and 
pressed his lips on hers. Her hand curled up to embrace his 
head as they kissed for the last time. 
	"I love you," he whispered in her ear.
	"I love you too." She squeezed his hand and leaned 
back against his chest. They sat there for what seemed like 
an eternity, with Trowa singing the song that she had sung 
for him the night of her birthday. Trowa didn't realize she 
had gone until he moved to go. 
	"Kuri?" He called her name. There was only silence. 
	"Kuri?" He looked down at her face. She bore a look 
of peace and content, her lips seemed to smile a little. He 
cried, clutching her head against his chest. His lips 
brushed her forehead as he rocked back and forth. He tasted
the bitterness of his tears as he sobbed. His cries brought 
the entire family running. 
	"Kuri!" Noboyuki stared at his daughter and Trowa. 
He slid to the floor and sobbed.
	Tenchi leaned against Ryoko and cried silent tears 
while she held him, her tears mingling with his. Ayeka 
cried for her sister, as did Misaki, Azusa, and Kuri's 
adoptive mother Funahoe. The gundam pilots cried silently, 
even the emotionless Heero cried for his friend. All of them 
felt as if their lives had come to a deathly stop.

	Kuri was placed in a cryogenic coffin that would preserve 
her body and organs and was sealed in Ryoko's cave. She was 
dressed in a white Grecian gown that she had chosen before 
she had died. Trowa held their one-year-old daughter in his 
arms as he watched his childhood love be placed in her tomb. 
Outside of the cave, they placed a green marble stone that read:

Here lies Kuri Masaki Barton. 
Loving daughter, mother, sister, wife, and friend
May you be in peace until we all meet again in heaven.
We love you and will always remember you.

	In the cave they placed bunches of colorful flowers that 
would never die, a copy of the song that would never disintegrate, 
and an everlasting portrait of their family. Trowa stayed the 
longest after the funeral was over. And in his heart he vowed that 
he would never love another woman as much as he loved her. 
	
	Over the next few months, Trowa visited the locked 
cave almost everyday, taking his daughter with him 
sometimes, and each time, he sang the song that she had 
once sung to him. Oftentimes, he swore that he could 
sometimes see the ghost of his wife sitting on her 
tombstone, smiling at the image of her husband and daughter 
together.
	One day he asked Tenchi, "Can children see spirits?" 
	"Only if the spirits want them too. I remember I used 
to see Ryoko when I was a child." Tenchi smiled at him. "And 
I know Kuri would want her child to see her."
	The next day, they went to see Kuri again. Trowa sat 
there and cried for his wife. He remembered all that they 
had gone through and how little time they had together. He 
imagined her pretty brown eyes, her silky hair, highlighted 
blue so that it shone like ice. Every time he looked at his 
daughter, he couldn't help but reminded of Kuri. Her hair 
and eyes were the same, and in her was the happiness that 
Trowa used to see in Kuri. And Trowa who had thought that 
Achika didn't remember her mother was shocked when she 
started to clap her hands and shout, "Mommy!" 
	Trowa looked at the stone and saw a faint image of 
Kuri, sitting there in her white dress, holding an umbrella 
against the sun, smiling and waving at her daughter. He 
watched as she stood up and came towards him, smiling. 
	She stopped right in front of him and smiled up at 
his sad face. 
	He felt her whispery voice say, "Don't be sad. 
You will always be my Niew Lon." The spirit moved her hand 
up to her lips and kissed them. She placed her fingers on 
his lips and smiled. 
	He closed his eyes at the feathery touch and murmured, 
"And you will always be my Chih Nu, the angel who came down 
from heaven to be with me." 
	She smiled and kissed him again. It was so whispery he
could barely feel it.  
	His eyes were sad as he watched her walk away, towards 
the sun. She turned back once and waved at them before 
disappearing from his sight. Trowa smiled peacefully and 
walked away from the cave. 
	A gentle breeze came and stroked his hair, just like 
Kuri used to do. And when he looked back at the cave, Kuri's 
gentle voice murmured, "I will always be with you."

Thanks for reading my fanfic. It may have sucked but hey, 
it was only my third one. I kind of got tired of writing 
this part of the story so I kind of did a messy part on the 
ending. Please email me any comments you may have. 
They could help me on my next series, if I decide to write 
one. Anyway, thanks for reading. 

Credits:
The song was called "Live" and was sung by Celine Dion. 
Personally, I don't really like her but this song is pretty
okay. I take no credit for this song for it does not belong 
to me. 





