Disclaimer: I do not own these characters. The Tenchi Muyo 
Cast belongs to AIC and Pioneer LOC. The cast of Gundam Wing 
does not belong to me either. Neither does the cast of 
Sailor Moon. They belong to their respectable companies and 
not to me. So please do not sue me for using them. Thank 
you.


	Several years ago, Milliardo Peacecraft drifted down 
from space fatally injured. Washu took care of him and he 
fell in love with her. Washu also felt the same way and so, 
one summer afternoon, they became husband and wife. Washu 
changed to her older self, a woman of 17 years. She was no 
longer 4 feet but was about a foot shorter than her husband 
Milliardo. A year later, a daughter was born to them. She 
was named Lana, which meant light, for light did dwell in 
their hearts as they gazed down at their daughter's face. 
And so Washu's life finally had some happiness.
	
	The sound of Sasami in the kitchen and the aroma of 
the food cooking managed to bring 9 hungry people out of bed 
and to the dining table. As more residents had come to live 
with the Masaki's they had no room for them at the table. So 
Washu had used her laptop to create a bigger dinning room 
and had set up a new table with chairs. She also remodeled 
her lab. A bedroom and a nursery were added. There was also 
a living room with a TV and a kitchen too, though Washu 
hardly cooks. The scientist now did her experiments in a lab  
outside, nearby the onsen. 
	
	"Breakfast was great Sasami!" said Milliardo as he set 
down his spoon. His brilliant blue eyes smiled at her from 
beneath his platinum blonde bangs, causing Sasami to flush 
with pleasure. 
	"Glad you enjoyed it." she said into her bowl.
	"Here, will you hold her?" asked Washu as she held out 
her baby. Milliardo took his child and cuddled her in his 
arms. She cooed and clapped her hands, muttering in her 
little baby language. 
	"I think that she has Washu's eyes, your nose and hair 
and Washu's mouth," said Ayeka as she stroked the 3-month 
year old baby's head. 
	Tenchi looked at her and said, "Yeah, she does. I 
didn't notice that." He glanced at his watch. "Hey, we'd 
better get to the field Milliardo." He stood up and kissed 
his older sister Kuri on the cheek. 
	Tenchi pulled on his coat as his Milliardo kissed the 
baby and handed her to her older sister Ryoko. Washu came 
out of the kitchen.
	"Leaving?" she asked. Milliardo nodded and kissed her 
good-bye before he walked out of the door. He loved his new 
family, his daughter and wife, his new found friends, and he 
especially loved the fact that there was hardly any 
fighting, except among Ryoko and Ayeka, but that was more 
funny that it was scary. Ryoko played with the baby as 
Kiyone and Mihoshi helped Washu and Sasami clean up the 
kitchen and dining room. Ayeka took out her knitting and 
started to make an outfit for Lana. 
	
	In the field, Milliardo and Tenchi hoed at the rows of 
dirt, softening them and planting carrot seeds as they went 
along.
	"How many carrots does Ryo-Ohki eat?" asked Milliardo 
as he wiped the sweat from his forehead. 
	Tenchi grimaced and said, "You'd be surprised." He had 
too many painful memories of having to plant carrots year 
after year to keep the little cabbit happy. 
	"D-d-a-a-d-d-d!!!" cried a voice from over the hill.
	A softer one accompanied it, "Lord Milliardo! Lord 
Tenchi!" 
	"Here!" shouted Tenchi as he watched the girls walk 
over the field, each held a basket in their hands. 
	Three girls appeared on the field. They waved before 
heading over to a tree to set up lunch. The boys followed 
them over.
	"Hi dad," said Ryoko as set down her basket, smiling 
evilly.
	"Hey, come on, It makes me feel old when you call me 
that. I mean, you're young enough to be my sister." 
Milliardo rubbed the back of his head. 
	"You're the one that married my mom and this is one of 
the prices that you'll have to pay," said Ryoko as she shook 
her head at him.
	"Hey Kuri." Tenchi bent down and gave her a kiss on 
her cheek. She smiled up at him, ignoring the jealous looks 
Ayeka and Ryoko gave her. Kuri was new to the Masaki 
family, which was odd because she was Tenchi's sister.

	Achika's and Noboyuki's first child had been a girl, 
which they named Kuri But shortly after she was born, King 
Azusa of Jurai came and took her away, to rule in place of 
Yosho and to be raised as their own daughter. Which was 
some comfort to Queen Funahoe since her son had left Jurai 
for Earth. Kuri grew up with Ayeka, except she was the 1st 
princess at the time. But Kuri decided that she didn't want 
to rule Jurai. She was happier as an advisor to Azusa. And 
so, the 1st princess passed the title on to Ayeka. Since Kuri 
was the favorite, the king let her have her way, and because 
he had two other daughters from his other wife, the 2nd Queen 
of Jurai, Misaki. But Queen Funahoe saw that her stepdaughter 
was not pleased with her life and told her the truth about 
her parents. So, she left Jurai and headed to Earth in 
search of her family. She was welcomed with love and tears 
into the Masaki family. Tenchi was stunned that he had an 
older sister, but she quickly became his best friend and 
supporter. Noboyuki had cried when he found that she was his 
daughter and immediately took her to visit her mother's 
grave. She could have sworn that she saw the ghost of her 
mother sitting on the stone and smiling at her. Ayeka was 
pleased that her sister had become one of the family. But 
she and Ryoko were both jealous of the attention that Tenchi 
gave her. Milliardo and Washu welcomed her and baby Lana had 
taken a liking to her. And so, she became apart of the 
family.

	The girls and the two boys sat under the tree and ate 
the lunch that Sasami had packed for them. Tenchi sat close 
to his sister, he felt a certain bond and security when he 
was near her. Probably because she was the only one who 
wanted to be close to him without ripping out his arm. 
	Kuri laughed at Milliardo's story and flicked 
her hair back behind her. She was indeed beautiful. 
Shimmering layers of hair cascaded down to her waist. Her 
hair was naturally highlighted blue, making it shine icily. 
Her features were small and delicate and her eyes were a 
soft brown. Indeed she was a beauty. And she actually looked 
normal compared to Ayeka's purple hair, Ryoko's cyan, and 
Washu's pink! Her body was graceful and thin and her 
laughter was pleasant. I mean, come on guys, what more could 
you ask for?
	
	All during lunch, Kuri noticed that her brother wasn't 
saying much and finally asked, "What's wrong Tenchi?"
	Tenchi glanced at her and answered, "Will you be going 
back to Jurai?" He didn't want her to leave. She was his 
sister, his family, and his only sibling. Kuri saddened a 
little as she looked at her brother's anxious eyes.
	"I'm not going anywhere little bro. You are my family 
and I won't leave you again." She pushed him lightly and 
smiled.
	"You act like a kid," said Milliardo as he watched 
Kuri tease her brother.
	"Hey, I'm only nineteen." Kuri threw a twig at him 
and laughed. She really felt like she belonged in this 
family. 
	Their lunch was interrupted by the sound of landing 
aircrafts. They looked up into the crystal blue sky and saw 
5 robot suits heading towards their house.
	"Something's up," said Ryoko.
	"I think we should be heading back," said Ayeka.
	Kuri must have thought the same thing because she was 
hurriedly throwing things into a basket. When they had 
everything, they ran back towards the house.
	Outside of the Masaki residence were the five robots. 
Kiyone and Mihoshi were already there. So were Noboyuki and 
Yosho.
	>Oh shit!< Milliardo thought. He called out to Kiyone. 
"Where's Washu and the baby?"
	The blue haired GP pointed back at the house before 
switching her attention back to the Gundams. Kuri and the 
girls put their baskets on the porch and joined the rest of 
them. Washu came out with the baby in her arms, Sasami 
trailing right behind her. Ayeka held onto Sasami while 
Milliardo went to Washu and put his arm protectively around 
her shoulder.
	A door opened at the side of one of the Gundams and a 
cable holding a man no older than 20 was lowered to the 
ground. The others opened and let out 4 more people.
	"Zechs Marquise," said the one in the middle of the 
five.  "Haven't seen you since the last battle against White 
Fang." He glanced at the people around him. 
	"There is no one here by that name," said Kiyone 
roughly as she touched the blaster at her waist. 
	The leader smirked and said, "He's better known as 
Milliardo Peacecraft. And I suppose you're Mrs. Peacecraft?" 
He nodded towards Washu. She in return tightened her hold on 
her baby. 
	"Heero Yuy, what are you doing here? Coming here 
doesn't seem like your kind of assignment," asked Milliardo. 
He balled up his fists.
	"Relena asked me to check up on you. We have an 
assignment to do here. Besides, it seems you haven't been in 
touch with her." Heero's eyes looked cold. 
	>Probably have to complete another assassination< 
Milliardo thought. "So what if I haven't? She doesn't need 
to know what goes on in my life. 
	Washu felt uncomfortable. >Who was this Relena?< 
	Heero shrugged. One of the others placed a hand on 
Heero's shoulder and whispered something. He sighed and 
looked back at the other guys. 
	Kuri began grow anxious and moved forward. Kuri did 
not stop walking until she reached Heero. His hand went to 
the weapon at his side.
	"Why don't we discuss this inside?" She held out her 
hand.  
	Heero tensed but relaxed when he saw she was sincere. 
	"Alright," he jerked his head at the other guys. 
	Kuri turned and said, "Could you go and prepare some 
tea and cakes Sasami?"
	The small princess broke away from Ayeka and ran into 
the house. 
	Inside, they all sat in the remodeled living room, 
sipping the tea that Sasami prepared. 
	"My name is Kuri Masaki and this is my brother 
Tenchi. And this is Ayeka... Sasami, her little sister, 
Kiyone, Mihoshi, Washu, and Ryoko. Of course you know 
Milliardo and this is my father Noboyuki and this is Yosho, 
my grandfather." She gestured to each one as she spoke
	The leader said in a grave tone, "My name is Heero 
Yuy." 
	A boy with blonde hair and calm blue eyes extended his 
hand and said, "My name is Quatre Raberba Winner." Kuri 
shook his hand warmly.
	"Hey. Duo Maxwell." He smiled at her. "Nice to meet 
you Kuri."
	"My name is pronounced K-u-u-r-r-i-i. Not Curry. Make 
the U deep and kind of long. Okay?" 
	"Sorry." Duo smiled charmingly at her.
	"My name's Wufei," he nodded at her curtly before 
turning his attention to the ceiling. He continuously took
small glances at Ayeka, who was staring into her cup of tea.
	"Trowa Barton," the man with forest green eyes gave 
her a small smile and shook her hand. Kuri thought him to 
be the best looking.
	"So what exactly are you doing here Heero?" asked 
Tenchi. 
	"We were sent to patrol this area by the Sanc Kingdom 
and Relena asked us to check on her brother while we were at 
it." Heero glanced at Milliardo, taking in his plain 
appearance. He seemed like a different Milliardo from the 
one that he used to know. 
	"So, where are you staying?" asked Noboyuki. He had 
noticed the one with the brown hair and green eyes looking 
at his daughter. 
	"We don't know yet," said Quatre. 
	"Well why don't you stay here with us? There aren't 
enough men here for all the women," said Yosho. He smiled, 
perhaps Ayeka would be attracted to one of them and stop the 
endless fighting between her and Ryoko. He had noticed her 
gazing at Trowa, the one that seemed so interested in Kuri. 
	"That's very nice of you. And I agree, there are a lot 
of pretty women here," said Duo. He winked at Ryoko who 
smiled back evilly. 
	"Are you sure it's not an inconvenience? We wouldn't 
like to trouble you," said Quatre. 
	"It's quite alright," Yosho nodded his head. "I'll be 
heading back to the shrine now."
	Kuri gave him a handkerchief filled with small herbal 
cakes for him to eat. "See you at dinner Grandfather." He 
smiled at her and walked out. 
	"Where are you from Heero?" asked Tenchi as Kuri sat 
back down. 
	"A space colony that floats by the moon." He didn't 
look at her but answered all of her questions.
	"Really? I heard of them. There are a few of them 
aren't there?" 
	Heero nodded and said, "Is there somewhere we could 
put our gundams?" 
	Washu overheard and said, "Yes, in the lake. That is, 
if it won't damage them." Heero nodded in approval.
	"I better finish packing." Kuri stood up. "Washu, 
program some rooms for them in the attic." 
	"Finish packing for what?" asked Quatre.
	"We're all going to a college prep school starting 
next week. It's in Tokyo." Kuri explained. 
	"Mind if we come?" Quatre looked at Heero out of the 
corner of his eye. Heero nodded slightly. It was a perfect
excuse to stay with Miiliardo's family.
	"To school? No, it'd be fun." Kuri smiled and headed 
up the stairs.
	>Why do *they* want to go to school?< she asked herself. 


5 days later...

	
Yosho and Noboyuki rented a house in Tokyo, large 
enough to accommodate the people who were going to stay in 
Tokyo. With Washu's help, they were each able to generate 
furniture to decorate their own room the way they liked. 
Registration was right after the day they moved in. They 
received lists of books and supplies that they would need 
and a schedule. All of their textbooks could be purchased at 
the school library at the start of the school year. The 
uniforms of the prep college for the girls were black skirts 
with a white short sleeve blouse and a denim green sweater. 
They wore white knee-length socks and black shoes. The guys 
wore long khaki dress pants and white dress shirts with a 
green suit jacket and each of them carried a black satchel. 
In the winter, the guys wore long black overcoats with gray 
scarves and black gloves. The girls wore black knee-length      
coats, gray and red scarves, and black gloves. The people of 
Japan respected their uniforms for it was the uniform of one 
of the best schools in Asia. 
	
	On the first day of school, Kuri got up early to wash. 
The dimensional bath was a large circular pool with Roman 
columns surrounding it. Plants poured from the columns and 
adorned the railing of the small steps. Pure pink and white 
lilies floated on the surface of the pool, giving it a touch 
of color. The middle was so deep that you could swim down for 
as long as you could hold your breath and still not touch the 
bottom.	
	She eased herself into the steaming water and 
shivered. Her stomach felt like there were snakes crawling 
from the inside. The door opened and she turned her head to 
see Trowa coming into the bath. He stopped and turned away 
when he saw that she was naked. Kuri blushed and wrapped a 
towel around her body.
	"Sorry Trowa. It's okay, I'm not naked anymore," she 
slipped deeper into the water, watching him from the corner 
of her eye. 
	Trowa quietly placed his towel at the edge of pool and 
sat down some feet away from her. He remained silent and 
stared down at the water as he washed himself.	
	"You don't say much do you?" Kuri voice broke into 
his silence 
	"What?" 
	"I said, you don't talk much do you?" She looked at 
him.
	"I don't usually talk a lot." He looked away...not 
since that day.
	Kuri saw his pain and said, "Is something wrong?" He 
remained silent. Kuri sighed and asked, "Are you nervous 
about school?" He just shrugged and rubbed his arm with the 
soap. 
	Kuri blushed and turned away when she caught herself 
looking at his strong arms and muscular back. 
	"Hi!" Ryoko walked into the bath. "Ready for school?" 
	Kuri grimaced which caused Ryoko to laugh evilly. 
	Ryoko winked reassuringly and eased herself into the 
water next to Kuri, smiling at Trowa. He nodded at her and 
headed out. The two girls gazed at the door after he had 
gone.
	"You like him don't you?" asked Ryoko wickedly.
	Kuri blushed and shook her head franticly. Ryoko just 
grinned wider and said, "Well, Sasami says that Ayeka has 
been making eyes at Trowa so you have competition. And the 
heat's really on this time, cause we're in school, and what 
with all the dances and everything, you'd better watch your 
back. `Cause, I say this from experience, when Ayeka is 
determined to get something, she will cross any boundary. I 
don't blame her though. He's way cute."
	"But I thought she liked Tenchi." Kuri desperately 
hoped that Ayeka's crush was all a bluff. She had seen Ayeka 
battle with Ryoko and it wasn't really the prettiest layout.
	"I think she does but she seems to have lost a little 
interest in him and is going after Trowa. She won't say or 
try to show it, but you can tell." Ryoko stopped and saw a 
little doubt in Kuri eyes. "Hey cheer up! Who would be 
interested in her anyway?"	
	Kuri managed a small smile but she was not all that 
encouraged. She made a resolution. If any of this proved to 
be true, then Ayeka would make an enemy of Kuri. 
	>But then again, why am I worried?< she thought
	>It's not like I'm in love with him. I can't be. I 
	don't know him.<
	But then she found herself imagining his forest green 
eyes and the few smiles he gave her. Kuri angrily shoved the 
image out of her head and went to her room.
	Ryoko and Kuri shared a room while Ayeka got a room 
to herself. Their beds were more like daybeds with rolled-
back heads. A neckroll was placed at the head and a single 
oval-shaped pillow was laid up against it. Kuri's bed was 
white and a thin white blanket with golden borders was laid 
across the bed. Ryoko's bed was made up in thesame way, 
except in blue. A folding rice paper wall with Chinese brush 
art was placed in the middle of the two beds. Two more were 
placed on either side of the two beds, making a sort of door, 
letting in a little of the sun. It was very similar to Ryoko's 
room at home.
	
	"What class do you have first?" asked Kuri. She 
glanced at Ryoko's schedule. Everyone had the same classes 
throughout the day so far. They were sitting at the table in 
the dining room, eating their breakfast of rice porridge and 
fish. Trowa came down, followed closely by Ayeka. He dropped 
his jacket on the couch and sat down across from Kuri, 
Ayeka settled herself next to him. Kuri eyes narrowed 
before going back to review her schedule. And she thought 
*Ryoko* was forward. 
	"What's your first class?" asked Trowa as he reached 
for the coffeepot.
	"Western Literature." Kuri scanned the paper. 
	"I have that too," Trowa glanced up and smiled at 
her in an embarrassed sort of way.  
	"So do I," Ayeka thrust her schedule in front of Trowa's 
face. He glanced at it quickly and nodded. Ayeka had seemed 
resentful of Kuri ever since they moved to Tokyo. 
	"Um, Ayeka, you have Western Lit. 7th period." Tenchi 
looked at her schedule.
	Kuri sighed and glanced at the silver watch on her 
wrist. She stood up and began to clear the table. She needed 
to start cleaning up now if she didn't want to be late for 
school. Ryoko helped her. Tenchi felt grateful to Ryoko for 
her friendliness towards his sister. Ayeka stood up 
reluctantly and picked up the dish in front of Trowa. Their 
hands brushed and she flushed and glanced at Trowa quickly 
to see if he had the same reaction. His face revealed 
nothing as he snatched away his hand. 
	15 minutes later Kuri and Ryoko dashed out of the 
kitchen, snatched up their schoolbags and coats and 
walked out the door.  
	"Are you jealous Kuri?" asked Ryoko. They hung a 
little back from the others. Trowa walked alongside Heero 
with Ayeka and Tenchi at their sides.
	Kuri shook her head though she was. "Hey, don't 
worry. Ayeka is nothing compared to you. I mean, you're 
Tenchi's sister for God's sake." Kuri smiled in spite of 
herself. 
	Trowa was waiting for them at the gate, with Ayeka at 
his side, again.
	"You don't have to wait with me Ayeka." He said. She 
was really getting annoying.
	"I don't mind," Ayeka knew or thought that most men 
liked it when you wanted to wait for them and do things for 
them.
	Trowa sighed. What was with this girl? He saw Kuri 
and Ryoko coming towards them. 
	"What took you so long?" he asked.
	"Why do you care?" shot back Ryoko, her eyes gleaming 
maliciously. 
	"Come on, we need to buy our books." He headed towards 
the library, his neck red. Ryoko winked at Kuri before following 
him and Ayeka to the library. 
	"This place is big," said Ayeka, she gazed at the open 
courtyards shadowed by trees.
	Trowa nodded in agreement and took a quick glance over 
his shoulder to look at Kuri. Heero appeared in front of 
him. He took one glance at where Trowa was looking and 
sighed.
	"Trowa, come on. We need to talk." Heero walked away. 
Trowa followed with Ayeka right behind him.
	"Hey, you go on. This is none of your business." 
Ayeka's constant following and curiosity were irritating 
him. She had to stick her nose into any business of his. 
	Ayeka was stunned. She thought he liked being with her 
and here he was telling her to go away. Ryoko and Kuri 
walked up to her.
	"Hey princess what's wrong? You look like you've just 
been hit with a bat," Ryoko and Kuri had seen the whole 
thing. 
	Ayeka regained her composure. "It's none of your 
business Ryoko. Trowa and I were meant to be and I won't 
have you spoiling it for us." She turned up her nose and 
walked into the library.
	"How stuck up can she get?" asked Ryoko. "I mean, 
she's already assuming that just because she likes him that 
he will like her back. He barely even says two words to 
her."
	"Hey, it doesn't matter. Come on." Kuri was seething 
with anger. Not only was Ayeka ignorant but she was selfish 
and harsh. She wished Ayeka would just go away. 
	Meanwhile, around the corner, Trowa and Heero were 
leaning against a wall, Heero talking and Trowa listening.
	"We have a mission and have to carry it out at all 
costs," Trowa didn't like where this conversation was going. 
"You know that there can not be any interfering. I don't 
think you are concentrating on the task that is at hand." 
Trowa closed his eyes and leaned his head against the wall. 
	"I've seen you look at the girl. You're attracted to 
her, and it's no different than the feelings that I have 
with Relena. And I understand, but you need to concentrate."
	Trowa turned to him and said, "I think you're wrong 
Heero. But don't worry, I'm not getting off track." Heero 
sighed in frustration and followed Trowa to the library. 
	Ayeka pulled him aside, "What did he want to talk to 
you about?" Trowa shrugged and headed towards the textbooks. 
	"Here, I got your books for you," Kuri held out 
several heavy books that were straining her hand. "Hurry up! 
Take them before I drop them."
 	"Thanks," He took the books.
	Kuri nodded and went off to join Ryoko, noticing the 
glare on Ayeka's face. She motioned to Ryoko. The space 
pirate burst out laughing, causing the whole library to look 
at her. Kuri started to giggle as well as she rushed out of 
the library with Ryoko. 
	"Come on, let's get to class," said Kuri, after she 
put some books in her locker. 
	"Did you see the look on her face?" Ryoko's stomach 
hurt from all the laughing but she didn't mind.
	They were one of the first people in the classroom. 3 
other girls were already there. Kuri nodded at them before 
making her way to the back. She didn't feel up to sitting in 
the front. 
	The girls walked up to Kuri and Ryoko. The two girls 
stopped their conversation and looked at them. "Hi! My name 
is Amy." A girl with short blue hair smiled at them.
	"I'm Raye," A girl with long black hair nodded.
	"And I'm Lita," The girl with the brown hair winked at 
them.
	"Hey there. My name's Ryoko," she stood up.
	"Kuri," they all shook hands.
	"Are you new here?" asked Amy.
	"Aren't we all?" Ryoko wondered what she was 
blabbering about but then she really did not understand the 
system of Earth schools. 
	Trowa, Heero, Ayeka, and Tenchi walked in. Raye and 
Lita's eyes went all baby and watery at the sight of Trowa 
and Heero.
	"Wow! What a hunk!" said Lita.
	"Yeah, two cuties. I wonder if they're available." 
Raye seemed ready to faint. Trowa was holding his jacket 
over his shoulder by his index finger and casually leaning 
against the wall. He spotted Kuri and Ryoko in the back and 
nodded at them. 
	But the two other girls took it the wrong way.
	"He nodded at me!" said Lita.
	"No! He nodded at me," shouted Raye.
	"Did not!" said Lita. "I'm the prettier one." 
	Amy sighed and shook her head at Ryoko and Kuri. The 
two girls stopped fighting and watched as Heero and Trowa 
made their way to the back. Ryoko moved over one seat so 
that Trowa could sit next to Kuri. He saw the chance and 
quickly sat down, Heero on the other side of Ryoko. Lita and 
Raye scrambled to sit next to Heero. 
	"Sorry this seat is taken," He closed his eyes. Maybe 
coming to school wasn't such a good idea. These girls 
weren't even focused. Heero sighed and his thoughts turned 
to Relena. He missed her.


Winter...


	"Ryoko!" Kuri shook her gently. She shivered from the 
cold and quickly slipped into a white robe with lavender 
embroidery, "Ryoko!"
	"What?" She buried her face into her pillow.
	"It's time to get up," Kuri yawned and walked out. 
	"Ohhhh!" groaned Ryoko. She rolled over and yawned 
loudly. She dragged herself to the bathroom where Kuri was 
already washing. 
	"Good morning." Kuri rubbed her face with a special 
bar of soap.
	"Hey," Ryoko slipped out of her long blue shirt and 
stepped into the warm water. "Why is it so cold?" 
	"It's snowing, didn't you look out the window?" Kuri 
rubbed her face to free it of any remaining soap. 
	"Snowing? Hmm," Ryoko shrugged. "Well, it's a lot 
colder here than it is at home."
	"Yeah, I know." 
	Ryoko stepped out and dried herself with a fluffy 
lavender towel. She wrapped her hair up in another one and 
slipped into her white terry cloth robe. 
	"Ready?" Ryoko turned to Kuri, who was wrapping her 
long shimmering layers of hair up in a yellow towel. 
	"Uh huh." She belted her robe and followed Ryoko out. 
	"Jeez it's freezing!" Kuri walked over to the wall and 
adjusted the heat. 
	"Come on." Ryoko walked inside their room and quickly 
shut the door. "How did it get so damn cold?" 
	"Weather's funny like that. On Jurai, we used to 
always get surprise crystal showers." 
	"Whatever." Ryoko walked into their large walk-in 
closet. Moments later she came out holding her black skirt, 
blouse, and sweater. 
	"Better get that black overcoat too." Kuri undid the 
towel and shook her hair free. 
	"Later." 
	Kuri sighed and sat down at her vanity to comb her 
hair. She used clips to pull back the top layers of her hair 
and fastened it with ivory combs. Then, using a bit of 
gloss, she painted her lips a shimmering yet natural shade 
of pink. 
	"What's the special occasion?" asked Ryoko. She 
finished buttoning the buttons on her blouse. 
	"Special occasion?" Kuri fastened her silver watch on 
her wrist while looking quizzically at Ryoko. 
	"Yeah, usually you don't wear make-up." 
	"I just thought I'd try it today." 
	"You've sure been acting weird lately." Ryoko sat down 
at her own vanity and combed out her cyan colored hair. 
	"No I haven't." Kuri hands began to tremble as she 
stepped into her black skirt. "What makes you think that?" 
	"I don't know. It's just weird." 
	"What's weird about it?" 
	"Nothing. Just drop it." Ryoko turned away from her 
friend and slipped dangling silver earrings into her ear 
lobs. 
	Kuri winced slightly at Ryoko's sharpness but said 
nothing. When Ryoko was finished, the two girls, holding 
their coats, gloves, scarves, and bags, headed down to start 
up the food processor. 
	Ryoko dropped her wrappings and book bag on the sofa 
next to Kuri stuff.
	"What's for breakfast?" Ryoko sat down at the counter.
	"I don't know, what do you want?" Kuri pushed the 
menu button for breakfast on the laptop. 
	"Hmmm, I don't know, anything." Ryoko yawned and laid 
her head on the table. "Just get me a cup of coffee."
	Kuri turned back to the screen and hit the menu for 
coffee. Moments later, Ryoko's cappuccino appeared in a 
large empty cupboard in the wall. 
	"Here you go Ryoko." She handed the mug to the tired 
space pirate. 
	"Thanks a lot." Ryoko took a sip and let out a sigh of 
content. 
	"So, what are we gonna have for breakfast?" She 
thought a moment, hit a few more names, and then set the 
table while the food was being processed. 
	"Done," Kuri said triumphantly. 
	"Good, I'm hungry!" Tenchi smiled at them and sat 
down. 
	"Good morning to you too." Kuri smirked at him before 
pouring some tea. 
	"Hey," Trowa came down the stairs, followed by Heero. 
	"Good morning. Where's Ayeka?" Ryoko got up to sit at 
the table. 
	Trowa shrugged. "Wow, this looks great." He unfolded 
the linen napkin and placed it on his lap. 
	"Doesn't it? I'm so glad Washu installed that food 
processor for Christmas. I was getting sick of cooking twice 
a day." Kuri smiled and took a seat next to him. 
	"I didn't think your cooking was too bad." Tenchi 
smiled teasingly. 
	"Oh shut up!" Kuri knew she had burnt a few meals at 
the beginning but now she was taking culinary classes at 
school. 
	"Just teasing." Good morning Miss Ayeka." Tenchi 
turned and smiled at Ayeka, who was coming down the stairs 
shivering in her skirt and sweater. 
	"Good morning Lord Tenchi. Trowa, Heero, I hope you're 
well this morning. And Kuri, good morning." She nodded 
curtly at Kuri before moving to sit in the only available 
spot next to Heero. 
	"Mmm, breakfast was delicious," Tenchi took his plate 
into the kitchen. 
	"I didn't do it! Thank Washu." Kuri smiled and took 
another bite of her chicken soup. 
	"Yeah, thanks for breakfast," Heero stood up and 
followed Tenchi into the kitchen. In the dining room, they 
could hear the faint hum of the food processor as it zapped 
up the now empty dishes. 
	The girls carried the rest of the dishes to the 
processor and dumped the tablecloth and napkins in the 
whicker hamper to be washed. Kuri and Ayeka placed a new 
yellow tablecloth on the table and replaced the fruit bowl 
in the middle. Ryoko followed behind them resetting the 
silverware and china. 
	"Done!" shouted Ryoko triumphantly. 
	"Okay, we had better go." Ayeka walked into the living 
room and slipped into her jacket. 
	"Oh my God, she acts as if she did everything by 
herself," Ryoko glared at the purple haired princess. 
	"Just let it go," Kuri put on her coat and wrapped 
the gray and red scarf around her neck. Ryoko did the same. 
With gloves in one hand and their bags in the other, they 
headed towards the front door, where the boys were already 
tying on their black dress shoes. 
	"Why are you girls so slow?" asked Heero.
	"We were busy cleaning up your mess." Ryoko snapped. 
	Heero smirked and watched as they bent to fasten on 
their black shoes. Kuri hurriedly pulled on her black 
gloves and looked around for her bag. 
	"Here," Trowa held forward his hand.
	"Oh, you have it." Kuri took it from him. "Thanks." 
	"Come on, we're gonna be late." Trowa held open the 
door. 
	"Oh wow, this place looks really beautiful." Kuri 
looked around at the snow-covered houses. 
	"See, there's something wrong with you." Ryoko shook 
her head. 
	"*What*?" 
	Ryoko sighed, "Nothing!" 
	"Then stop talking about it please!" Kuri let out a 
frustrated sigh. 
	"Sorry," Ryoko clutched her bag tighter and kept her 
head down. 
	They walked the rest of the way in silence. 
	"What's up?" Trowa fell into step beside Kuri. 
	"Nothing," she shook her head.
	"Well something's gotta be wrong or else you wouldn't 
be so upset." Trowa looked down at her. "So, you gonna tell 
me?" 
	"It's just that, Ayeka," Kuri lied. 
	"What about her?" 
	"She's just being a bitch and I can't stand it." Kuri 
threw up her hands in frustration.
	"I know what you mean." Trowa walked with brisk steps, 
his black coat fluttering behind him. "She's been bothering 
me a lot." Kuri looked at him. The scarf was wrapped around 
his neck and the high collar of his coat stood up against 
his neck. His gloved hands were either at his side or were 
gripping his black book bag. 
	"I guess you don't really like that," she looked back 
ahead of her. 
	"She's nice and all but I like my privacy." His voice 
was welcome and warm, a tone that one didn't hear very 
often. 
	"I see. Well, she's just treating me like low-down 
tramp and I don't even know what I did to her." She brushed 
some hair away from her face
	"Ah, don't worry about it. She'll cool down." He 
smiled reassuringly. 
	"Think so?" 
	"Yeah."
	"Hope you're right," she smiled back at him. "Thanks."
	"No problem. Just as long as you feel better." 
	"I am, thanks to you." 
	He smiled and gave her a brief hug.


End of the school year...


	Over the year, Kuri grew closer and closer to Trowa.
Ayeka didn't give up the battle with Kuri but the 
resentment inside of her began to grow and grow. 
	
	The Masaki family was sitting at home the last weekend 
of school. Heero was on his laptop, typing up his last 
assignment of the year and Kuri was sitting next to him, 
editing her final essay when the doorbell rang. 
	Heero looked up. 
	"I'll get it," said Kuri. 
	She clipped up her hair with a barrette as she walked 
towards the door. She opened it and saw a woman no older 
than 19 standing outside of the door. Two suitcases were 
resting by her feet and an overnight bag was slung over her 
shoulder. The girl was very attractive with light brown hair 
and wondering blue eyes. Skims of her hair was braided and 
tied back and she wore a pair of khaki pants and a lavender 
shirt.  
	Kuri smiled at her. "Can I help you?" 
	"Yes you can, my name is Relena Peacecraft," she 
replied, "I think you know my brother, Milliardo 
Peacecraft."
	Kuri was taken back. >Milliardo has a sister?<
	"Is Heero Yuy here?" asked Relena anxiously. 
	Kuri smiled and said, "Nice to meet you. My name is 
Kuri Masaki. Yeah, Heero is here, so is Trowa. Come on in." 
She took a bag from Relena and led her into the house. 
	"Just leave your stuff here," Relena placed her 
suitcases by the stairs and followed Kuri into the living 
room. Heero did not acknowledge their presence, assuming 
that Kuri was alone.
	"Heero, someone is here to see you," Kuri stepped 
back a little from Relena.
	"Hello Heero," she murmured. 
	Heero froze, >That voice! It couldn't be!< 
	He jumped up from his seat and stared at the girl.
	"Relena," He felt lost as to what to do. 
	She moved towards him. Heero tensed as she came near 
but the tension became disbelief as her arms came up around 
his neck. She started to cry as he trembled, either from her 
touch or from happiness, Kuri couldn't tell. She took the 
opportunity to slip into the kitchen and prepared a tray of 
tea. 
	When Kuri reentered, the couple was sitting on the 
couch rapidly talking to each other, holding each other's 
hands. She knocked on the doorframe. 
	"I'm so sorry to interrupt." Kuri placed the silver 
tray on the table and headed towards the stairs. Upstairs, 
everyone was gathered in the spare bedroom or the rec room, 
watching the DVD Titan A.E. They looked up when the door 
opened.
	"It's just me," She closed the door behind her. "Don't 
go into the living room if you go downstairs."
	"Why not? This is not only your house Miss Kuri," 
said Ayeka coldly.
	"Heero has a guest," Kuri sat in a chair. "A female 
guest."
	"Heero?" Ryoko laughed. "Who?"
	"Someone named Relena Peacecraft. She says she's 
Milliardo's sister." 
	Trowa looked up from his book. "Relena Peacecraft?" 
	"Yeah, do you know her?" Kuri grew anxious. 
	>Is there something between them?<
	She looked at his face, unrevealing as always. He 
looked nice in blue jeans and a black T-shirt, but his face 
was as serious as ever.
	"Relena is the Queen of the Sanc Kingdom...and Heero's 
girlfriend." Trowa smiled slightly at the expression.
	"A gueen? That's good. She's royalty. Maybe she might 
make a better friend than some *others*." Ayeka said slyly.   
	Kuri got up and walked out, face flushed and furious 
with Ayeka's attitude. Trowa looked up and watched as she 
stalked out the door. He grabbed his jacket and followed her. 
Ayeka started to go too but found that the door was locked 
from the outside. 
	"It's stuck!" Ayeka tried to wrench the door open. 
"Open this door! I'm not about to leave you alone with 
Trowa! Not for one minute! Open this door at once! I command 
you to! Kuri!" She banged her fist on the door. 
	Ryoko popped out the DVD and picked up her bowl of 
popcorn. She motioned for Tenchi to follow. Ayeka was too 
occupied to see what was going on. Ryoko grabbed Tenchi's 
arm and dragged him through the door. Ayeka turned and saw 
Tenchi's leg going through the door. 
	"Ooh! Miss Ryoko! You open this door at once you hear! 
I command you to open this door!" Ryoko and Tenchi heard 
Ayeka's banging and screaming from the other side and burst 
out laughing. 
	"You planned this didn't you? You and Trowa?" Tenchi 
smiled merrily. 
	Ryoko was finally able to calm down enough to explain. 
"Well, you've seen the way they look at each other right?" 
Tenchi nodded. "But, how were they going to get anything 
done if Ayeka's in the way? So I went to him and offered to 
help and he agreed. You're not mad are you Tenchi?" He 
smiled and shook his head. 

	In the middle of a beautifully wooded park, lay a 
sparkling clear lake. Rose gardens and groves of fruit and  
laurels were grown as well. It was here that Trowa had 
asked Kuri to walk with him. As he walked, he wondered how 
anyone could be so beautiful and kind all at once. Trowa 
was especially taken back at how lovely she looked in an 
outfit as simple as brown pants and a white shirt.

	For awhile, they said nothing as they sat in a 
secludedarea along the shores of the lake. Trowa's black 
school coat was spread on the ground, serving as a mat 
for the two as they gazed out into the water. Kuri was 
reading a book, one that she had gotten from the school 
library. Trowa watched as her eyes moved rapidly across 
the page, completely absorbed in her reading. 
	Trowa cleared his throat, trying to give a hint that 
he had something very important to tell her. Kuri did not 
seem to notice so he continued to fidget.
	"Alright, what's up?" Kuri laid her book aside and 
turned to him impatiently. "You've been clearing your throat 
and rubbing the back of your neck for 15 minutes. There's 
got to be something wrong." 
	"Well...um..." Trowa stared down at his hands. 
"Actually...uh...nothing." 
	"Okay," she picked up her book again, though her eyes 
were skeptical. 
	> What is the matter with you? Just tell her! <
	> Tell her what? <
	> You know damn well what! She's not going to be there 
	forever. And one day, you'll regret that you never 	
	told her.<
	> Told her about what? <
	> Don't try to deny yourself. <
	He sighed and said, "Kuri?" 
	She put her book on the ground. "Are you ready to talk 
now?"
	"Kuri...I..." He sighed. 
	"Take your time." She arranged herself in front of him 
and stared up at his face. 
	"Kuri...this is going to be a...difficult thing for 
me to say...so..."
	"Just tell me and we'll see." 
	"Okay." He looked stared out at a couple rowing on the 
lake.
	"A few years ago, when I was sixteen, I was in love 
with someone. Her name was Katharine; she was in a circus in 
the space colony that I lived in. I had lost my memories of 
ever being a gundam pilot. She took care of me and I fell in 
love. I was so...content with my life. I was happy as her 
partner. She was a knife-thrower and I was the person she 
threw the knives at. Everything was going my way."
	Trowa's eyes became dark with hate and remorse. "Then 
one day, an organization called White Fang attacked. I went 
to fight with the other pilots, leaving her behind. When I 
was leaving, she begged me not to go, but I couldn't stay, I 
had to go. Katharine...slapped my face and called me a... 
traitor. I didn't know what else to do except run. Run away 
to battle." He turned his head away from her. 
	Kuri laid a hand on his shoulder and said, "You can 
tell me."
	He sighed, "While I was fighting, I thought about her. 
And when the battle was finally over, I returned back to the 
colony, only to find it destroyed." He hit his fist on the 
grass. "She was gone, everyone was gone. Since then I have 
vowed to bring down the White Fang Organization. But 
still...I couldn't save her. I couldn't protect her."
	His head dropped to his knees and his shoulders shook 
with suppressed sobs. Kuri was astounded. 
	>Trowa? In love?<
	>Oh my God...I've been throwing myself at him...all 
	year...all this time...he was still hurting.<
	"Oh Trowa," She cradled his head and cried with him. 
Soft trickling tears of anguish for the pain that she felt 
for him.
	He sobbed onto her shoulder as she held him, rocking 
back and forth. 
	After a few more minutes of crying, he lifted his head 
and looked away, ashamed, hastily trying to wipe away the 
tears.
	"Trowa...sometimes you need to cry. Everyone needs to 
cry once in a while. It's all part of life. You don't have 
to be ashamed for crying. You did try hard to protect her, 
and nobody could have asked for more." She placed her hand 
on his shoulder. "You didn't know the colony was going to be 
destroyed.
	"I could have stayed with her, protected her. Instead 
I ran away like the coward I was." The sadness was replaced 
with hatred and anger. Kuri stifled a gasp, she had never 
seen Trowa this angry before.
	"Trowa, you had to fight. It was your duty as a pilot. 
You had a responsibility to the others, to your team. And 
that was your first priority." She touched his hand 
reassuringly.
	"Is that really what you think?" 
	"That is what I know." Kuri smiled her sweet smile as 
she looked up at the man that was still like a boy in many
ways. 
	He sat up and looked gazed at her tranquil face. His 
lips came down on hers and his hand placed itself over her 
cascading hair. Kuri stroked touched his cheek with hers, 
shocked at his sudden action. They parted after a while and 
smiled embarrassingly. Trowa moved against a tree to cover 
his embarrassment and held out his hands, reaching for hers.
He shocked himself with his boldness and actions. Kuri smiled 
and sat down in front of him, leaning against his chest, her 
head on his shoulder. He wrapped his arms around hers and they 
sat there together, gazing at other lovers that floated on the 
lake.
	"You know, until you came into my life, my future was 
a bleak place, like hell. You gave me back myself and I love 
you for that." He brushed her hair with his lips, smiling to 
himself.
	"I know how you feel. I felt it once too."

	"I'll have that little hussy Ryoko. Leaving me here 
like this!" Ayeka was franticly tying spare bed linens to 
make a rope. She knotted the last one and threw it out the 
window. With clammy hands, she slowly, slowly lowered 
herself down to the ground. Midway down, her hands slipped 
and she dropped the last few feet. She winced as she got up, 
gingerly moving her strained feet. Ayeka had watched Kuri 
and Trowa head down the path to the park from the window and 
running as fast as she could, headed in that direction. 
	Ayeka searched for over an hour and still found no 
trace of them. She looked under groves, by picnic tables and 
had asked practically anybody she could find. Distraught and 
furious, she was heading home when she heard voices coming 
from behind a hedge of rose bushes. Ayeka made her way 
through the prickly thorns, frustrated that her new blue 
outfit was getting scratched. A small area of bare ground 
appeared in front of her and she sank down on it gratefully. 
The voices were very near. She recognized them as Trowa and 
Kuri voices and cautiously peeked through a small gap in 
the bushes. She gasped. Trowa was sitting against a tree and 
Kuri was leaning against him! She was grateful that they 
weren't doing anything sexual but still! Trowa was hers! 
	A thin ray of hope shined in Ayeka as she watched him 
dislodge his arms from hers. Trowa whispered something in 
her ear and she obediently closed her eyes. His reached up 
and plucked a single rose bud from among the many blossoms 
that loomed above his head. The small ray of hope blacked 
out as she watched his hand remove the thorns before he held 
the flower in front of Kuri face. Her heart sank even 
further into an icy coldness as she observed the tenderness 
and carefulness with which he treated her.
	"You can open your eyes now," he whispered.
	Kuri smiled at the gift in front of her and tilted her 
head. Ayeka watched with seething fury as Trowa kissed Kuri.
	>That should be me! That cousin of mine must have 
	tricked him or something. I know he cares about me! 
	He has too.<
	>Does he really have to?<
	>Oh, you be quiet!<
	Ayeka slipped away and ran back to the house as fast 
as she could. 

	"Does this mean we're together, in a relationship?" 
asked Kuri. She hoped so; it had been her dream all year.
	Trowa nodded. 
	Kuri glanced at the silver watch she wore. "We'd 
better go. I have to start dinner." Kuri stood up and 
pulled Trowa to his feet. He picked up his jacket and 
slipped it on. Taking her by the hand, he led her out of the 
clump of bushes, she was still holding the rose. 
	Trowa knew he loved her, she was so much like 
Katharine and yet she was so much more. At the house, Ayeka 
was waiting patiently for her kill. And everyone was dying 
to know what had happened between Kuri and Trowa, all 
except Ayeka. 
	"So? What happened? Where were you? You were gone so 
long! Are you going out? Are you a couple now?" They were 
bombarded with questions. 
	Trowa laughed and with a quick kiss to Kuri, he fled 
up the stairs, followed closely by Heero. 
	"Did you tell her?" asked Heero, he watched as Trowa 
flopped on his bed, staring up at ceiling.
	Trowa shook his head. He had said nothing about their 
mission. Heero nodded and walked back downstairs to join 
Relena. 
	Ayeka had followed Kuri into the kitchen, claiming to 
want to help her with dinner. But she jumped on her the 
minute the kitchen door closed.
	"Now listen you hussy! Trowa and I were meant to be 
together and there's nothing you can do to change that. So 
just leave Trowa alone." She shoved Kuri into the wall. 
	Her anger flared up and she lunged at Ayeka, pushing 
her into the wall. "Stop this Ayeka! Trowa loves me! Stop 
being such a brat! Ever since we were kids you were jealous 
of me, of my personality, my looks. You were even jealous 
because Azusa favored my stepmother more than your crazy 
mother Misaki! You just won't stop will you? Until you have 
everything that I have...and more!" Kuri turned her back 
and opened the door. 
	Ayeka screamed and using her energy logs, flung Kuri 
to the floor. Crimson blood flowed down the poor girl's 
head, staining the tiled floor. Kuri did nothing to fight 
back but took the blows without a wince or a sound.
	"Why don't you fight?" Ayeka smirked. "Are you afraid, 
big sister? Are you afraid of me?"
	"Of you? No." Kuri steadied herself. "You know damn 
well that I have more power than you...and Tenchi combined. 
So don't get into the power thing *sister*!"  
	Ayeka smirked. "If you have so much power, then why 
won't you fight?"
	"Because Ayeka, I won't sink to your level." Kuri 
glared murderously at Ayeka, her pretty brown eyes becoming 
flashing pools of hate.
	"We'll see," said Ayeka in a taunting voice. The 
purple haired princess grimaced and sent waves of invisible 
energy at her sister.
	Wave, after wave after wave. The blows seemed endless 
and yet Kuri took them without a cry.
	"Not so pretty now, are you Kuri? Too bad, why would 
Trowa want such an ugly little beggar like you? When he 
could have the first princess of Jurai? Once he sees you, 
he'll know who he wants." Ayeka said in a cold and harsh 
tone. She turned around to leave. 
	"You're wrong Ayeka." Kuri spat, like talking to Ayeka 
was a bitter potion that had to be taken. "Trowa doesn't love 
me for my looks. And if you think you can get a guy just because 
your beautiful then you don't know what love is. If you think 
they'll fall in love with you because you're cute and you have 
a nice body, then you should become a prostitute. But *I'm* not 
like you Ayeka. I'm not a WHORE!!!" She spat blood at the floor 
by Ayeka's shoes. 
	Anger blazed in the red eyes of the purple haired 
princess as she advanced on her cousin. A hand reached out 
and smacked the already swollen face. Kuri felt the sting 
of the blows on her face as she tried to support herself 
against Ayeka's attacks. She slipped to the floor, head 
pounding with pain. Ayeka gave her a kick as she sat huddled 
on the floor. 
	"You talk a lot for someone who cowers on the floor 
like a bitch." And with that she spun around and left. The 
once beautiful girl got up to her feet on shaky legs. The 
whole room shook with her every movement as she made her way 
to the sink. Cold water ran down her face as she wiped her 
cuts, leaving the towel bloody. But more blood flowed right 
after she cleaned it. 
	Praying that there was no one in the living room, she 
practically ran outside and up the stairs. Heero and Relena 
were sitting on the couch talking when they saw Kuri. She 
was clutching a towel to her face but they could still see 
the blood on her hands and the cloth.
	"My God," Relena and Heero followed her up the stairs, 
Relena shouting for Trowa.
	He came out of his room, followed by Tenchi and Ryoko. 
"What's wrong?"
	"It's Kuri. Heero and I were downstairs and she came 
out of the kitchen. Her face was all bloody and it was 
dripping all over the place." Relena gasped for breath. 
Trowa glanced at the door to Kuri and Ryoko's room and 
sighed.
	"Kuri?" Trowa knocked calmly on the door. "Come on 
baby, I know you're in there. Open the door, it's Trowa." 
There was only silence. "Kuri? Open this door." 
	On the other side, Kuri sat on her bed, holding the 
towel to her face as she rocked back and forth. 
	>What if he did like me for my looks? What if he 
	leaves me because of what Ayeka has done?<
	Tears ran down her cheeks, entering her cuts to make 
the sting even worse. She bowed her head and sobbed into the 
towel, muffling her cries. She couldn't face him like this.
	"Kuri please, let me in! It's Trowa." He hit the door 
in frustration. "God Damn it Kuri! Open this door right 
now!" 
	"Trowa, it's not going to help." Ryoko came out of the 
bathroom with a plastic basin full of warm water. In her 
hand were a couple of face towels and bandages. "I'm 
guessing something happened to her that has to do with you."
	"What?!" He turned to face her, green eyes blazing 
with anger.
	Ryoko only sighed and floated through the door, half-
scared at what she might find. The muffled sobs of her 
friend and reached her ears from around the skillfully 
painted paper wall. 
	Kuri looked up in surprise and quickly hid her face 
again. Ryoko was shocked. Kuri's face was beyond a mess. 
	Ryoko knew that she would need help. She asked, "Can 
Tenchi come in?" Silence. 
	"What about Trowa?" Kuri tensed at the mention of his 
name. 
	"Heero?" Ryoko racked her brain for more options "How 
about Relena? Can she come in?"
	Kuri was silent and Ryoko was about to ask again when 
her head barely nodded. She turned to stare out the window. 
Ryoko sighed, at least she was being a little bit cooperative. 
The pirate floated back out again. Everyone was there waiting. 
	"Well? Will she let me in? How is she?" 5 different 
voices attacked her. 
	Ryoko shook her head at all of them. "She will only 
allow Relena to come." The longhaired beauty was shocked. 
Kuri was asking someone she didn't know to help her? But 
she took Ryoko's outstretched hand and went through the 
door.
	"Ryoko?" asked a voice from behind the screen. She and 
Relena crept around the wall. Relena was stunned. Where was 
the beautiful girl that was so happy? 
	"I know I look terrible," said Kuri. She held up a 
hand mirror and looked at herself. Her nose was purple and 
crusted blood covered most of it. Her cheeks were stained 
red or bruised purple and her forehead had deep scratches. 
Her eyes were puffy from crying and swollen from blows. 
	"Does your head hurt?" asked Ryoko. Kuri nodded, 
wincing. 
	Ryoko sighed and handed two pills to Relena, 
indicating that she should help her swallow it. "She keeps a 
water bottle in her nightstand." Relena gave the water and 
the pills to Kuri. 
	"Feel better?" asked Relena. Kuri nodded. Ryoko took 
a wet towel out of the basin and gently sponge off the blood 
and cuts. Kuri winced as the towel moved over her forehead. 
	"Damn Ayeka for doing this," Ryoko clenched the towel. 
	"She planned this exactly," said Kuri. "But don't do 
anything about it. I'll get back at her somehow." 
	Ryoko growled but promised reluctantly. Relena helped 
Ryoko wind the cloth bandages around Kuri forehead. They 
slipped a pair of pajamas on her before putting her into 
bed.
	"Well, you don't have a concussion so I guess it's 
okay for you to sleep." Ryoko placed a pad and cord on her 
nightstand.
	"Where'd you get that?" Kuri looked at the pad.
	"Washu. She gave it to me so that just in case I hurt 
Ayeka, I can see if she has a concussion."
	"Cool," Kuri leaned back and smiled. 
	"Where are you sleeping Relena?" asked Kuri.
	"Probably with Ayeka," she didn't sound too pleased 
with this. 
	"Well, I can add another bed here for you. We've got 
plenty of room." Said Ryoko, she went to her nightstand and 
pulled out another miniature keypad. 
	"Thank you so much," Relena smiled gratefully and 
watched as Ryoko removed the paper walls and added a third 
bed, in a green color. The walls reappeared again on three 
different sides of the beds, the sides and the head. They 
left the space at the foot of the walls open. All this was 
done without Ryoko having to move from her bed. 
	"I'll get some dinner for us." Ryoko stood up.
	"I'll help you," Relena put her hand on Ryoko's 
shoulder.
	"Wait," they turned. "If you see Ayeka, act like 
nothing bad happened. And tell the others too," They saw the 
twinkle in her eyes and agreed to.
	"How is she?" asked Trowa, in the kitchen. 
	"She's fine Trowa," Relena smiled at him and placed 
her hand on his arm. 
	"Will she see me?" He wanted to talk to her. 
	"Better wait till morning," said Ryoko in a sullen 
tune. She picked up a tray and walked out. Relena patted him 
on the shoulder and followed. 
	Upstairs, the three girls ate dinner on Kuri bed 
and poured over magazines, looking at the clothes. 
	"This one would be great on you," said Kuri.
	"Yes, but isn't it a bit revealing?" Relena had never 
worn anything like that. 
	Ryoko shrugged and turned back to her magazine. 
"Sometimes you have to show a little skin."

	
	Kuri woke up early in the morning, groaning from the 
pain in her head. She glanced in the mirror. Her face was a 
little less puffy but it would never heal over the weekend.
	"Good morning," said Relena. "You're face looks better 
today."
	"I'm not so sure. The last day of school is a few days 
away and I know it won't heal in time." 
	"Oh yes it will." Ryoko stood up and stretched. "I 
called Mom last night, and she sent me this." She held out a 
flat slab of metal.
	"What does it do?" 
	"It supposed to heal your face. Mom made it. Said it 
took her half the night." 
	"Your mom? Who's she?" asked Relena.
	"Your brother's wife," Ryoko grinned.
	"What?!" Relena stepped back. 
	"Hey, calm down Relena. I wasn't really born from 
Washu. I was just an experiment of hers. She didn't do a bad 
job huh?" Ryoko spun around in her long blue T-shirt. "Come 
on, let's fix your face so we can go shopping."
	Kuri shook her head. "Not right now. I have to do 
something first." She slipped on a silk robe and walked 
downstairs. 
	Trowa was sitting at the kitchen table, sipping a cup 
of tea. Kuri touched his shoulder and felt him tense, and 
it hurt her to feel that he wasn't comfortable with her. She 
dropped her hand dropped to her side.
	Trowa turned and said, "Sorry, I thought you were 
Ayeka...Oh My God, what did she do to you?" He stood up 
and touched her purpled cheek
	Kuri winced and moved away. 
	"Are you alright?" Trowa's eyes were filled with 
worry. 
	"Does it look like I'm alright?" she bit back harshly. 
	"No," he said after awhile. "You don't look like 
you're alright."
	He sat down again and stared up at her bruised face, 
stunned at her attitude. "Why are you acting like this?"
	"Why?" Her laughter was cold and bitter. "Why am I 
acting like this? Hmm, I wonder." 
	"Kuri, what's wrong? I know something happened. You 
can tell me you know." 
	"Trowa," her face and tone became soft again. "There's 
something that I need you to tell me." She glanced down, 
ashamed of her looks. 
	"Trowa, Washu took an analysis of my face and she says 
that it would never completely heal of the scars. I would be 
ugly for the rest of my life." 
	Trowa looked at her expectantly, waiting for the 
message.
	"What do you want to do?" Kuri held her breath. 
	"Be with you. I just want to be with you. I'm not that 
kind of guy, Kuri. I don't like girls for their looks or 
for their popularity. I like them for who they are inside." 
Trowa got up and embraced her. "I've been through too many 
battles and because of that, I know that true beauty comes 
from inside." 
	She smiled and kissed him. "I love you Trowa."
	"I love you too my Enjeru." 
	Kuri kissed him again and went up the stairs to 
joined Ryoko and Relena in the bath.
	"What happened?" Ryoko leaned forward eagerly. "What 
did you do?"
	Kuri told them and when she finished, there were two 
huge grins on their faces. 
	"See, he really is a great guy." Relena smiled, but 
with a bit of smugness.  
	"You can celebrate later. Right now we need to fix 
Kuri face." Ryoko pushed a few buttons on the pad and 
moved it up and down so that the laser was moving across 
Kuri face. Her face burned and stung but when she looked 
in the mirror, it was as just as perfect as before. 

	On the last day of school, students were permitted to 
wear whatever they wanted to class. Ayeka decided to get to 
school earlier than the others. Dressed in a white summer 
dress and a small white coat, Ayeka walked the few blocks to 
the academy. She wanted the whole class to see Trowa ask her 
to be his girlfriend. 
	Heero, Trowa, Tenchi, Ryoko, and Kuri went to school 
as usual, but this time, in a very expensive black sports 
car. It was actually Relena's car. She decided to tag along 
with them on the last day, to see what school in Japan was 
like. Inside, Ayeka was sitting at her desk, shyly flirting 
with one of the male students. She looked out the window and 
her eyes bulged as she saw a black sports car drive up to 
the school. All of the students gathered at the window to 
see the owner of the car. 
	"Wow! I wish I could come to school in a car like 
that!" said Serena Tsukino, a blonde girl who was very, very 
clumsy. 
	Heero stepped out from behind the wheel, dressed in a 
black overcoat, jeans, and a white shirt. Relena got out of 
the passenger seat, wearing a blue top and miniskirt that 
she borrowed from Ryoko. 
	"Hey, that girl's new," said Lita. 
	"She's Heero's girlfriend," said Mina, a friend of 
Raye's.
	"How do you know?" asked Amy.
	"I saw them walking together yesterday. They were 
holding hands," she answered. They turned as the group 
walked into classroom. Ayeka face-faulted when she saw 
Kuri face. 
	She was even more shocked when her rival walked into 
the room hand in hand with Trowa. All the girls nearly 
fainted when they saw the guys. Tenchi wore something 
similar to Heero's except the jacket was shorter and the 
shirt was black. And Trowa wore a tight green shirt and 
pants with a thin white shirt over it. But the guys really 
started to drool when they saw Ryoko. A strapless, and I mean 
strapless red top showed off the top of her breasts and tight 
black pants displayed nicely shaped legs. The boys glanced 
jealously at Tenchi, who had Ryoko hanging on his arm. 
Kuri was more modestly dressed in khaki flares and a 
lavender tank top. A knee-length beige jacket with a hood 
completed her ensemble. 
	"Kuri! How could you?" Ayeka's pink eyes were now 
fiery pools of red.
	"This is enough Ayeka. Trowa and I love each other, 
and nothing you do can change that. I'm sorry but that's 
they way it is. And I would change it if it wouldn't hurt 
you, but I can't and I'm sorry." Kuri gazed with pity at 
her cousin.
	Ayeka turned franticly to Trowa and buried her face in 
his shirt, crying.
	"You do love me don't you Trowa? She's lying! Tell me 
she's lying," she searched his face desperately, looking for 
hope." 
	He gently removed her strangling grasp on his shirt 
and held her hands in his. His face smiled sadly as he said, 
"I wish I could spare you this pain. But it's all true, 
every single word. You shouldn't jump to conclusions, Ayeka. 
It always leads to pain. I'm sorry." He dropped her hands 
and backed away. The class looked at the scene in awe and 
interest. The whole student body would know what 
happened by lunchtime. 
	Ayeka nodded sadly and shuffled to her desk and sat 
there for the rest of the day. The really heart-wrenching 
part was, Kuri was there by her side the whole day. 


Summer Vacation...


	They were back at the Masaki house, finally able to 
return home. Milliardo had greeted his sister with welcome 
arms and was happy to see that she accepted into his new 
family. Ayeka was still in love with Trowa but she and Kuri 
were now friendly to each other. Kind of like it was when 
she and Ryoko fought, only Kuri never returned the 
challenges. The three pilots were still there but Kiyone and 
Mihoshi had been transferred to Pluto for a few months and 
they were no longer living at the Masaki house. The place 
seemed much quieter without the sound of fighting, Kiyone's 
yelling, and Mihoshi's crying.
	One morning, the boys were out in the field and the girls 
were doing chores around the house, when a fleet of mobile 
dolls landed outside of their house. Kuri, Relena, and 
Ryoko were outside on the porch, folding laundry, while 
Ayeka was inside with Sasami, washing the dishes from lunch	 
Relena covered her hand with her mouth. "Oh no," said 
she said anxiously. "White Fang. They're here for 
Milliardo."
	"Why?" asked Kuri.
	"Milliardo was once apart of the White Fang 
Organization. He abandoned them and they do not tolerate 
traitors."
	"So they're here to..." Ryoko faulted.
	"To destroy him, his wife, and his child." Relena spun 
around and dashed inside of the house shouting Milliardo's 
name. 
	"Ryoko! Go to the field and get the boys here now!" 
Kuri ran into the house, searching franticly for Ayeka and 
Sasami. Ayeka was holding Sasami in the kitchen, huddled in 
a corner. 
	"Ayeka! Come on!" She grabbed Sasami's hand and 
Ayeka's arm and ran down the hall to Washu's room. Relena 
was trying to pull Milliardo to the door and Washu seemed to 
be pleading with him.
	"What is it?" asked Kuri.
	"He wants to go fight!" sobbed Washu.
	"Milliardo! We don't have time for this. You don't 
even have a gundam! If you go out and fight you'll be 
killed. And they'll kill your wife and child once they kill 
you! Can't you see that you're outnumbered?" 
	Milliardo glanced at his sister and realized the 
truth. Kiyone and Mihoshi weren't here to protect them if he 
failed. 
	Kuri gave one look to Relena, grabbed the baby, 
wrapped a blanket around her, and hurried after the rest of 
them. 
	Inside of Washu's lab, the scientist disengaged the 
walls and created new ones out of gundamium. It would 
protect them some but not much 
	Kuri nodded and went outside, followed by Relena. The 
gundam pilots and Tenchi ran up to them. 
	"What's going on?" asked Tenchi.
	The largest mobile suit turned to them and said, "We 
want Zechs Marquise and his family."
	Heero glared at it and hit a button on his watch. The 
five gundams emerged out of the water and waited as their 
owners jumped into them. 
	Trowa started to follow the others but was held back.
"Trowa please, you can't go." Said Kuri, she held his hand 
tight, refusing to let go.
	"I have to," his eyes were sad as he recalled the 
scene with Kathy.
	"But you'll be killed!" Kuri desperately hung onto 
his arm.
	He turned to her and stroked her cheek. "I'll come 
back, I promise. I love you" He kissed her and dashed off. 
	"Trowa!" she screamed. He watched her as the cable 
pulled him up into his suit. The wind from the many mobile 
dolls blew her hair, mingling the strands with her tears, 
covering half of her face. The way she stood there, sad and 
uncertain that he would return, would remain with him while 
he fought. 
	She watched with a broken heart as he took off towards 
the other pilots, towards the mobile dolls. 
	"He'll come back. Trowa always keeps his promises," 
said Milliardo. He watched with the scene with a sullen face 
before turning to go into the lab.
	Outside, Relena, Tenchi, Ayeka, and Kuri watched as 
the gundams fought side by side with Ryoko to destroy the 
mobile suits. Explosion after explosion, the battle 
continued to come closer and closer to them until it was 
being fought right in front of the lab. Ayeka and Kuri 
combined their Jurai powers to create a force field over the 
lab and themselves. They felt the heat of each blast as the 
battle raged on. 
	"Tenchi, try to create the light hawk wings," shouted 
Kuri.
	Tenchi pulled out his sword and called forth his 
energy. It didn't come.
	"I can't!" Tenchi tried again. 
	"Damn," swore Kuri under her breath.
	"What do we do?" Ayeka watched with scared eyes as the 
battle continued to rage closer.
	"Okay, here's what we'll do. Tenchi, you and Ayeka go 
inside, take Relena with you. If I fail, at least all Ayeka 
has to do is create a force field to protect you guys. Her 
power should be strong enough to protect a small group of 
people. Hurry up and go. You're power is wasted on this." 
She jerked her head back towards the door.
	"No! Are you crazy? You wouldn't survive." Tenchi 
couldn't believe what he was hearing. 
	"I promised you once that I wouldn't leave you again 
lil' bro. And I'm going to keep that promise. I have more 
power than Ayeka because I'm older, and I've trained on 
Jurai. I'm also descended from Yosho remember? I can 
withstand it. I'm not going to die. Now go! GO!" Ayeka broke 
off her connection with the field and ran inside. Tenchi 
walked backwards reluctantly, watching his sister battle 
against the debris that bounced off the shield. Her hair 
flew as she stood against the winds of destruction, her body 
strained to protect the ones she loved. "Go Tenchi!" she 
yelled.
	Relena saw that time was running out. She grabbed 
Tenchi's arm and dragged him inside, closing the heavy iron 
door.
	"Where's Kuri?" asked Washu. Tenchi bowed his head 
and said nothing. "You left her out there by herself?" 
Milliardo placed his arm around Washu's shoulder and stared 
at the heavy metal door that was keeping them from seeing
Kuri struggle to protect her loved ones.
	Outside Kuri was stepping back little by little until 
she was a few feet away from the lab, causing the shield to 
get smaller with each step. Wufei saw her and shouted to the 
other gundams, "We have to end this now!" He shot a blast at 
one of the dolls. 
	There were bodies all over the ground as the massacre 
continued. 4 dolls drifted away from the battle and loomed 
over the misty shield that Kuri was trying so hard to keep 
up. 
	She heard them laugh through their intercom as they 
watched her strain to keep up the field of energy. One of 
them shot a blast directly at the shield. She winced and 
felt her knees buckle as she fought to survive. She heard 
their mocking laugh and held on tighter. Another one fired a 
blast. And then another and another until she felt like she 
would pass out. 
	"Ayeka! Ready you're shields." She screamed as 
she withstood another blow. Inside they had been listening 
to her screams of pain as they sat in the dark. Now Ayeka 
stood up, ready to fire up her shields at any moment. 
	As the final one shot at her, she sank to the floor on 
one knee, barely able to hold out her shield. Kuri looked 
up, her damp hair clinging to her face, her breaths heavy as 
she tried to feed her starving muscles oxygen. She heard the 
mobile dolls leave, only to leave her alone with the leader. 
	"You put up quite a battle, my dear," said a voice, 
silky and oily. It came from the doll.
	Kuri stood up on shaky legs, holding the shield up. 
	"What's your name?" The voice sickened her. It was 
like a spider's, it wanted something.
	"You know, you would be a really good pilot for White 
Fang. And there are other *advantages* to being a favorite 
of one of the top ranking officers." His voice sounded heavy 
with lust and confidence. 
	"Do you really think that I'm interested in being the 
whore of some son of a bitch?" Kuri voice was sharp with 
anger and disgust. 
	"I'd prefer to think of it as you being my mistress, 
not a whore." Kuri could tell he was smiling. 
	"Go to hell," she shouted.
	"Pity," he said, "I'm really good in bed." 
	He readied is blaster. "And I'm afraid my little 
beauty, that it is you who are going to hell." 
	He shot a ball of energy towards her, barely inches 
away from field. She screamed in pain as she felt her power 
draining. Trowa heard and looked towards the lab. Even from 
the distance he could tell it was her. Waiting to die for 
those she loved, waiting to wait for him...all because he 
had to go fight.
	He remembered Katharine and the way she last looked at 
him, silently begging him not to go. And he had lost her. 
But he was not going to abandon Kuri. He was not going to 
make that same mistake. His eyes trembled as he watched the 
leader of White Fang prepare his final blow. 
	"No!" he yelled and flew towards them. The shot was 
fired and Trowa...was too late. He hovered in midair, 
watching as the laboratory dissolved in front of his eyes. 
	Kuri closed her eyes and imagined Trowa's face and 
how they sat there together by the lake, holding each other. 
She took a deep breath and waited for it to come, the final 
blow. She felt the heat around her when it hit, the fire, 
the destruction. She felt her blouse being ripped to shreds, 
her pants being slit. She felt the warmth of her blood 
running down her body. Pain stabbed her body in sharp pangs. 
She screamed despite her will and felt herself being thrown 
against a metal wall. It crumbled down on her, causing a 
sharp pain in her stomach. And blackness came to embrace her 
and to take her away from the pain she felt. 
	"Trowa," she whispered, her eyes glistening with tears 
and then she sank into blessed blackness.

	   "God, no! NO! You bastard! I'll kill you for this!" 
Trowa shouted as he lunged towards the mobile suit. 
	"Trowa wait!" shouted Quatre. He growled and followed, 
destroying any remaining mobile suits. 
	"Jesus." Said Duo. He flew over to the standing 
Masaki family to protect them and to wait till the battle 
was over. Wufei and the other's took care of the mobile 
dolls that remained.
	"You killed her, you fucking bastard!" shouted Trowa.
	"She was prepared to die," said the man, "It was her 
choice. I gave her a choice between life and love, or death 
and loneliness. She chose death." 
	"That didn't mean you had to kill her!" Trowa sliced 
at the doll but was blocked. 
	"Is that the best you've got?" the man created a cut 
in Trowa's gundam. 
	"Arrrghhhh!" Trowa stabbed at him but was thrown to 
the ground. 
	The man stood over him, his gundam's sword pointed at 
the head of Trowa's gundam. 
	"She would have made a magnificent mistress. It's a 
pity she had to die." 
	Trowa was filled with a hot rage. "It's a good thing 
she's not a whore then isn't it?" He shot balls of energy at 
his opponent and watched as the screaming man was engulfed 
in a wave of fire. Trowa jumped out of his gundam and ran to 
the lab where Ryoko was already lifting away heavy pieces of 
metal as she searched for Kuri. Heero appeared and helped 
Relena lift away a wedge of steel. 
	"Kuri!" Trowa franticly shouted her name as he 
searched through the debris. Ryoko lifted away a heavy slice 
of metal so that Duo could look underneath.
	"I found her!" shouted Duo as he looked down. A pale 
white hand and thick strands of hair were lying underneath a 
piece of iron. Shreds of cloth were mixed with the strands 
of hair, glistening with blood.
	"Get her out from under there! Come on!" Trowa tugged 
at the metal, quickly joined by Heero and Tenchi. 
	"Get out of the way!" shouted Ryoko. She lifted the 
chunk and threw it to the side, panting with the effort.
	Trowa scrambled down from the many pieces of iron and 
lifted Kuri up from the ground. Her hair was draped over 
her face and her body was covered with blood and cuts. Her 
white and black flowered blouse was ripped to shreds, 
revealing her bra and chest, lathered in crimson. Small 
trickles of red ran down the side of her face and she was 
pale, as pale as death. 
	"Kuri. Come on, wake up. Come on. Kuri please wake 
up. Don't you dare die on me!" He patted her cheek, trying 
to wake her. 
	>Please! Please!< 
	"I'll go call the hospital in the Sanc Kingdom." 
Relena stood up and hurried away to the house.   
	Kuri eyes opened slowly. "The baby, Washu, 
Milliardo." She murmured.
	"They're safe," said Ryoko. She knelt by Kuri and 
held pressed Tenchi's jacket against a deep cut on Kuri 
side. Trowa pulled her so that she was sitting in his arms. 
	"The air lift will be here soon," said Relena. She 
stood by Heero, watching with teary eyes. 
	"You kept your promise," she whispered.
	"I always do," he managed a small smile.
	"Milliardo said you would." She took a deep breath, as 
if talking tired her. 
	"Guess he was right." He gave her a weak smile.
	"Guess so." She took another deep breath. "Trowa?"
	"What is it?" He held her tenderly.
	"If I die..."
	Trowa cut her off. "Don't say that. You'll be all 
right. I know you will."  
	"Trowa, I want you to find someone else. Please, I 
could never rest unless I knew you were happy." She went on 
as if she never heard his objection. "Promise me." 
	He lowered his head and kissed her on her lips. Kuri 
cried a little, wondering if she would ever kiss him again. 
Her hand managed to raise itself and stroke his cheek. 
	"I love you," she whispered.
	"I love you too." He kissed her forehead. Kuri body 
went limp and her eyes closed. 
	Trowa looked up frantically at Washu. She bent down 
and touched Kuri neck. 
	"She has a pulse. But if she doesn't get medical 
attention then she'll die for sure." 
	Relena left Heero's embrace and paced as she listened 
for the sound of the planes. They came, after what seemed 
like hours. 4 men rushed out of one of the planes, 2 
carrying a stretcher and the other two holding white cases. 
	They bent down and dressed her wounds as fast as they 
could. 
	"She's having trouble breathing," said one of them. A 
second doctor took a mask out of the box and placed it over 
her mouth. 
	"Alright, let's go!" shouted one of the doctors. They 
lifted her up and ran to the carrier.
	Trowa followed the stretcher to the first plane. "I'll 
see you in the kingdom." He ran up the runway. They watched 
as the plane holding Kuri and Trowa flew away. 
	Miraculously, the house was still standing. Relena and 
the others went to their rooms to pack. 
	Tenchi packed his things and knelt by his bed. 
	He bowed his head and prayed. 
	"Tsunami in Heaven, please let her be strong, help her 
	to fight. Give her my strength, give her strength to 
	fight. Tsunami, I pray to you, let her live."


Thanks for reading my fanfic. I know it may suck but it's my 
first try. I'm sorry if you liked Ayeka, I was just tired of 
her being the innocent little princess so I decided to make 
her a little bit more evil. I'm sorry if you didn't like it. 
I would appreciate it if you would send me comments or 
suggestions. It might help me on my next one. Thank you for 
reading my fanfic. 
	



