Disclaimer: I do not own these characters. The Tenchi Muyo 
Cast belongs to AIC and Pioneer LOC. The cast of Gundam 
Wing does not belong to me either. They belong to their 
respectable companies and not to me. So please do not sue 
me for using them. The only things that belong to me are 
the characters that I have made up and the story. Thank 
you.


	"How is she?" Tenchi walked into the white sterile 
room.
	A nurse in white turned to him and said, "Not too 
good. Her condition hasn't improved much." 
	"Can I be alone with her?" Tenchi asked as he stared 
at the motionless form of his sister. 
	"Of course," the nurse smiled sympathetically and 
walked out the door, shutting it softly behind her. 
	"Hey sis," he sat down in a chair beside her bed. 
"How are you doing?" 
	The only sound in the room was the steady beep of her 
heart monitor.  
	"You know, Ayeka kind of fell in love with Wufei. 
Isn't that great?" Tenchi smiled ironically. "It's kind of 
funny, it took your accident to make her realize who she 
really cared for. But I don't get when she did fall in love 
with him." He took her slim white hand in his and pressed 
it to his forehead. 
	"Then again, I guess we all deserve a little happiness 
sometimes, huh?" Tears slipped out of Tenchi's eyes. "I'm so 
sorry I wasn't there for you." He whispered. "I'm so sorry I 
couldn't protect you. It should have been me." He laid his 
head on their clasped fingers and sobbed.
	"Tenchi?" Ayeka peeped around the door. "Washu and 
Milliardo have left for the space colony." She walked in 
and joined him. "Is she doing any better?"
	"No," Tenchi wiped away his tears and sighed heavily.
	Ayeka said nothing, only staring at the pale, 
anguished face of her sister and rival. 
	"Tenchi?" 
	"What is it Ayeka?" His voice was toneless and dead.
	"Do you...do you hate me? For running away?" 
	"No Ayeka, I don't hate you. I only hate myself." 
	"But why Tenchi? Why do you keep on torturing 
yourself this way?" Ayeka choked back tears that threatened 
to spill down her cheeks.
	"Because, it was my job to protect her. She was my 
sister." 
	Ayeka said no more. She understood, understood that 
Tenchi felt a responsibility to his sister, like she felt a 
responsibility to Sasami. 
	Tenchi stood up and said, "I'm going back to the 
palace. Are you coming?" 
	"I'll be there in a bit." Ayeka moved to sit in 
Tenchi's seat. 
	"Alright. Don't be long." Tenchi closed the door 
behind him and sighed. 
	>Why did everything had to be so unfair?<
	
	"Kuri?" Ayeka leaned forward in her chair. "You 
probably can't hear me right now." Ayeka bowed her head.
	"Kuri, I am so sorry for everything. I didn't 
realize what a fool I've been. My blunder nearly cost you 
your life. And I can never forgive myself for that...unless 
I know that you've forgiven me first." 
	Ayeka sniffled, her eyes drowning in salty tears. 
"Please Kuri, don't leave us. I don't know what we'd do 
without you." 
	"What are you doing in here?" 
	Ayeka whirled around, scared by the cold tone in the 
voice.
	"Trowa! I...I was just talking with Kuri." 
	"She can't hear you remember?" His voice was bitter 
and full of resentment. 
	Ayeka stood up and faced him, eyes shimmering with 
tears and determination. 
	"Why do this Trowa? Why hate everyone?"
	"You abandoned her, ran away, left her there to fight 
on her own." His lovely green eyes were fierce and hard. 
	"Yes, and I hate myself for it." She bit back, with 
twice the venom. 
	"Yeah well, I'm not all that pleased with you 
either."
	"What right do you have Trowa? What right do you have 
to judge me?" Ayeka advanced on him, her sadness forgotten, 
replaced by anger.
	"Every right in the world."
	"Trowa," Ayeka's voice became soft, "please, be 
reasonable. I'm sorry for all the horrible things I did to 
her. I would give my life to change it all." 
	"Ayeka," his voice sounded defeated and tired. "I 
don't know how to forgive. I just know that she's 
unconscious and not with me." There was an awkward silence 
while Trowa searched for the right words to say. 
	"Ayeka, I...heard what you said to...Kuri. I 
just...want it to be like the way it was." 
	"I know Trowa, I do too." She hugged him.  
	"Could I be with her for a while, alone?"
	"Of course," Ayeka headed out the door. "I meant what 
I said." 
	Trowa's back remained rigid as he stared at Kuri. 
Ayeka sighed and left them alone.
	

	"How is she?" Heero looked up as Trowa, looking tired 
and haunted walked into the door.
	"Same as before. Doctor says that there's a 85% 
chance that she'll come out of this with brain damage." He 
sank onto a sofa and held his head with his hands. 
	"So, what are they going to do?" Heero laid his book 
aside and leaned forward. 
	"Well, we have some options, pull the plug, see what 
happens if she ever comes out, or send her to Switzerland 
to get some sort of special treatment there."
	"So, what do you want to do?" Heero leaned back and 
sighed. 
	"I don't know. It's been almost 2 months, she's got 
to come out of the coma soon, right?" Trowa franticly 
racked his brain for hope. 
	"Yeah. She'll be alright." Heero silently didn't 
think so but did his best to comfort his friend. 
	The low ring of the phone made them jump. Heero 
looked at Trowa who was staring at the phone in a scared 
sort of way. 
	"I'll get it." Heero picked up the receiver. "Hello? 
Uh-huh. Okay, right. Okay, we'll be right there. Thanks." 
	"What did they say?" Trowa jumped up from his chair. 
	"They want us to come to the hospital, there's been a 
change in Kuri's condition." Heero pulled on a blue coat. 
	"Good or bad?" Trowa followed him out the door.
	"They didn't say." Heero jumped into his car and 
Trowa hopped into the passenger seat. 
	"Step on it," Trowa pulled out his cell phone and 
quickly dialed Relena's number. "Relena? It's Trowa, look, 
you have to find the others and meet me and Heero at the 
hospital. Now! It's about Kuri. Okay, bye." 
	"I'm sure it's not anything bad Trowa." Heero pulled 
into the hospital parking lot. "Maybe she's better." 
	"Let's quit talking and get up there." Trowa growled 
in frustrated and dashed up the stairs, too impatient to wait 
for the elevator. 
	"Nurse!" Trowa came to a halt outside of Kuri's 
room. "How is she?"
	"Go in and see for yourself." The elderly woman 
opened the door for him. 
	"Thanks," he stumbled into the room. "Kuri," he 
whispered quietly. 
	"Hi." She smiled at him while a nurse injected a shot 
into her arm. "You look like you've seen a ghost." 
	"I think I have," Trowa walked over to her bed. "God, 
I almost thought I'd lost you." He picked up her hand. "You 
scared me half to death."
	"Awww, I'm sorry." She winced as she pulled herself 
up into a sitting position. "They say that I'll be able to 
walk again in like another 2-3 weeks. Ow!" Kuri eased 
herself back down onto her pillow. "I haven't used my 
muscles for awhile." She arranged herself into a 
comfortable position.
	"Thank you," Trowa whispered. 
	"For what?" she smiled at him.
	"For this," he leaned forward and kissed her. 
	"Your welcome," she laughed, resting her forehead 
against his.
	"Hey! What have you guys been doing?" an almost 
insane voice came from the door.
	"Ryoko," Trowa scoffed. "How long have you been 
there?"
	"Long enough," she flew off the ground and threw her 
arms around Kuri, lifting her off the ground. "God damn 
it! We missed you so much!" 
	"That's great Ryoko!" gasped Kuri. "Now let me go!" 
	"Huh?" Ryoko looked at where she was. "Oh, sorry!" 
She plopped Kuri on the bed. 
	"Thanks," wheezed Kuri as she clutched her chest. 
	Ryoko grinned sheepishly and turned as the rest of 
the family tumbled into the room. 
	"Kuri!" they all shouted and hurried forward. 
	Her eyes bulged and she looked up at Trowa with a 
scared expression. "Save me from them!"
	He just laughed and watched as Kuri's family choked 
the living life out of her, despite her injuries. 

One month later...

	"Mother!" Ayeka recoiled slightly from the sight of 
her mother on the comm. "How did you know this number?"
	"I got it from Funahoe. She got it from Kuri." 
Misaki's suddenly became deadly. 
	"But Kuri has her own line..." Ayeka gulped, 
nervous. "Oh, right." She took a deep breath and with great 
pains, squealed, "My mommy!" 
	"My Ayeka!" Misaki kissed the video screen and Ayeka 
was secretly relieved to not be in one of her mother's 
famous bear hugs. 
	"Misaki! Stop that!" The screen split in two and 
Funahoe's face appeared. "Hello Ayeka."
	"Aunt Funahoe! How are you?" Ayeka bowed slightly to 
the first queen. 
	"It's quite fine here. We'll be arriving on Earth 
shortly. Then it's on to Tsuketa to meet a suitor for 
Sasami." Funahoe sighed exasperatedly. "Sometimes I think 
your father goes too far." 
	"So do I. Do you want to talk to Kuri?" 
	Funahoe nodded and Ayeka called her sister into the 
room.
	"What is it Ayeka?" Kuri showed up in the first 
layer of Jurain kimono. 
	"Funahoe is on the line." She moved out of the way. 
	"Mother!" Kuri dashed to the screen and stood 
excitedly in front of it.
	Funahoe laughed and said, "You acted like that 
whenever I came back from some distant planet, except only 
because I had presents for you. Now, you get excited just 
to see me." Her eyes glistened. 
	"People change Mother." Kuri smiled sadly. 
	"Yes they do. I see you still have your Jurain 
highlights. I'll never understand why you chose icy blue, 
of all colors!" 
	"Mother, don't nag." Kuri sighed and pouted.
	"Sorry. It does look nice." Funahoe looked off the 
screen and nodded. "I have to go dear, we're landing at 
Pluto to see Sestina and her mother. We'll be later than 
expected. Bye!" 
	"Bye." Kuri hit a button the screen and it went 
black. 
	"What did she say?" Ayeka sat beside Kuri on the 
sofa. 
	"They'll be a bit late in coming." Kuri sighed and 
leaned back. "What do you think Father will do when he 
finds out that you're with Wufei?"
	"I don't know, hopefully he won't panic." Ayeka 
twisted her hands in her lap, embarrassed. 
	"Don't worry about it." Kuri placed a hand on 
Ayeka's shoulder. You know that one of our mothers will 
talk him into a good mood after he finds out." 
	"You're right. We'd better get dressed." Ayeka stood 
up and walked Kuri to the door. 
	"See you in a bit." Kuri headed down the hall to her 
room.
	"Jeez, why do we have to do this?" Kuri slipped into 
her elaborately decorated robes. A white kimono cut in the 
Jurian style and embroidered with golden dragons. A gold 
and blue obi tied around her waist and she wore a stylish 
robe over her kimono. The robe was made of green quilted 
silk and it matched the garment she wore underneath. 
	A servant helped her to tie the bottom layers of her 
hair into two cloth bags, fastening them with pearl 
strings. The top layers were left loose and glinted an icy 
blue all the way down to her waist. 
	"Alright. That's enough." Kuri waved her away. 
"Thanks for your help."
	The servant bowed and walked out the door. 
	Kuri sighed. This was why she left Jurai, to get 
away from the etiquette, the bowing, the servants, and 
endless marriage meetings. And now it seemed it was 
happening all over again. 
	Kuri fastened a gold medallion around her neck and 
slipped on the customary 5 rings. One ring was made of 
jade; another of rubies, the third of sapphires, the fourth 
of amethysts, and the last ring was made of Lilian 
Teardrops, a rare and beautiful jewel. She placed her crown 
over the Jurain sign that only she, Tenchi, and Sasami 
possessed. Her tiara was made of an intricate design of the 
finest white jade with blue and silver tassels hanging on 
the ends, ticklinging her temples as she walked. 
	"Done," Kuri applied a light coat of lipgloss and sat 
down on a chaise to read. 

	"Kuri?" Trowa knocked on the door. He wore a green 
military coat with medals and gold trim and white pants. 
"Kuri?"
	She opened the door. "Trowa! Wow, you look...formal." 
	"This is the uniform of the Sanc Kingdom, or at least 
the one we wear to parties and stuff." Trowa glanced at 
her, moving his gaze up and then down. "You look great."
	"Thanks," Kuri smiled at him. "I like the Jurain 
fashion, so old fashioned and fun." 
	"Okay, okay, come on, your parents are on their way." 
Trowa took her hand and walked down the stairs. 
	In the hall, everyone waited for Trowa and Kuri to 
come down. 
	"Do I look okay?" Ryoko grabbed Kuri's arm and 
franticly looked down at her outfit. She had borrowed a 
blue and lavender kimono from Ayeka.
	"You look just fine. Almost like a Jurain native." 
Kuri inwardly laughed at Ryoko's anxiety. 
	"Miss Relena, they have arrived." An elderly man 
stepped into the foyer and gestured outside.
	"Thank you Pegann, come on." Relena, wearing a formal 
yet simple red dress glided down the steps and into the 
lovely kept gardens and courtyards. 
	A green spaceship landed, followed by a smaller 
wooden one. Beams of energy were released and dispersed to 
show 2 women and a man. 
	"My...Ayeka." Misaki clenched her fists and tried to 
detain herself from grabbing her daughter in one of her 
famous yet painful bear hugs. "How are you?"
	"Mother...I'm quite well, thank you." Ayeka sighed, 
relieved. At least her mother wasn't really going to 
embarrass her. 
	Kuri hugged Funahoe, silently crying tears. She 
bowed and kissed Azusa on the cheek. 
	"I'm afraid we can't stay very long." Azusa 
looked down regrettably at Kuri. "I'm sorry, but we got 
behind schedule. Misaki wanted to shop on Pluto and we got 
held back. 
	"How soon are you leaving?" Kuri bit her lip. 
	"In an hour...and we're taking Sasami with us." 
	"What? But Father...why are you taking me?" Sasami 
stepped forward, her light pink eyes moistened with tears. 
	"Sasami, you knew that one day we would send you to 
the boarding school on Mercury. You'll be taught manners 
and you'll learn all about academics and things like that." 
Misaki scolded her daughter. 
	"But why must I leave?" Sasami pouted and glared up 
defiantly at her father.
	"Because that's the way it is. Kuri went there and 
so did Ayeka. I went to school there too." Misaki was 
astounded by her daughter's behavior. 
	"I'm sorry Sasami, I tried to stop them." Funahoe 
embraced her niece. "Go pack your things, we don't have 
very much time." 
	Sasami whirled around and ran into the house, 
followed by Tenchi. 
	"Ayeka, do you wish to come with us?" Azusa turned 
towards his daughter.
	"Father...I wish to stay here with...Wufei." Ayeka 
grasped his hand and held it tight. He squeezed back 
reassuringly. 
	"Hmm," Azusa stared at their clasped hands. "I can't 
seem you to control you or Kuri anymore, can I?"
	"No Father, you can't. We're grown up now." Kuri 
smiled at Ayeka.
	"Very well." Azusa smiled hastily as Funahoe began to 
give him the look. 

One hour later...

	"Good bye Sasami. Have fun on Mercury." Ryoko hugged 
the little girl and gave her a little plush stuffed animal.
	"I'll miss you Ryoko." Sasami hugged her around the 
waist and turned to Kiyone and Mihoshi. "Bye." 
	"Take care," Kiyone hugged her back.
	"Oh Sasami! I don't want you to go!" Mihoshi grabbed 
her in a bone-breaking hug. 
	"Stop it! It's hard enough as it is." Kiyone pulled 
back her partner. 
	Each of the pilots kissed her on the cheek and gave 
her a present of some sort. 
	Sasami stopped in front of Tenchi. "Thank you for 
everything...oniisan." She hugged him tightly.
	Tenchi smiled and patted her head. "No problem. We'll 
still be here when you get out of school and you can always 
come back and see us."
	"Thank you Tenchi. I'll miss you." She smiled 
tearfully and moved on. 
	"Kuri..." Sasami broke down and started to sob. "I'm 
going to miss you so much!" 
	"Sasami, don't create a scene. It's hard for me too." 
She blinked back tears. "Sasami, I want you to listen." 
	Kuri knelt down next to the small girl. "Go to school, 
make new friends, study hard, call me everyday, and become 
a better person, and you'll survive. I promise. And when 
you get back, you'll know where to find us. Okay?" 
	"I will Kuri." Sasami put her arms around Kuri's 
neck and held on tight. Kuri kissed her cheek and smiled 
at her before drawing away. 
	"Bye Ayeka. I promise you I'll behave," Sasami 
crossed her heart. 
	"Sasami..."Ayeka fell to the ground next to her 
sister and embraced her, sobbing. "What will we do without 
you?" 
	"It's okay sis, it's just school. I'll be back before 
you know it!" Sasami smiled cheerfully and moved away. 
	"Take care my Ayeka. I'll call you soon." Misaki 
kissed her daughter and gave her the painful hug that she 
had feared. She moved to Kuri and gave her a hug while 
Funahoe bid farewell to Ayeka and the others. 
	"Till next time Kuri, and check up on Yosho for me 
now and then. Let me know how's he doing." Funahoe 
tearfully embraced her. 
	"I promise. Take care of Sasami." Kuri kissed her 
mother on the cheek and moved next to Trowa. 
Misaki hugged the rest of the group while Funahoe 
chose to shake hands. Azusa kissed Relena on the cheek, 
shook hands with the men, and hugged his daughter's good 
bye. 
	With heavy hearts, Ayeka and Kuri waved farewell to 
their family as their ships glided out of sight. 

	"Kuri? Are you ready?" The girls crept into Kuri's 
room. 
	"Wow, I've never really been in her room before." 
Ryoko gazed in awe at the high ceiling. A glass dome was 
placed in the middle of the ceiling. Her furniture was made 
of the finest ivory colored wood. Turquoise and silvery 
white sheets made up her circle-shaped bed and covered her 
sofas and chairs. Pillows and neck rolls were set on the 
bed and thrown in the corners of the sofas. A small table 
guarded by four chairs sat in a corner of her suite. 
	A door at the far side of the room led into the 
elaborately decorated living room. French doors covered in 
filmy white cloth led out to the balcony, which had a 
magnificent view of the grounds. 
	"Yeah, in a minute." Kuri came out from her walk-in 
closet. "Okay, let's go." 
	"Relena, why do we all have such huge closets?" Ryoko 
peered into the room. "It's about the size of Tenchi's 
bedroom and maybe even bigger. And the bathrooms are all 
the size of the attic at home!" 
	"Why? Don't you like it?" Relena smiled 
mischievously. 
	"Well, it's not bad. But we don't even have enough 
clothes to fit even *one* side of the closet." Ryoko said 
defensively. 
	"Well, then I guess we'll have to go shopping." 
Relena smiled again. "Are you ready?" 
	"Yeah." Kuri put on her dark-rimmed sunglasses. 
	"Well, hurry up, the boys are already down there." 
Ryoko pulled on her arm and yanked her into the hallway. 
"Come on!"
 
	"It's such a nice day." Ayeka glanced contentedly at 
the vast acres of land. 
	"I know," Relena smiled at Ayeka. She and the 
princess had gotten remarkably close. 
	"Wow! Is that the pool?" Ryoko flew off the marble 
terrace and floated down to the grassy bank. 
	"Yeah. I paid a fortune for that." Relena and the 
others walked down the marble stairs and the paved 
sidewalk. 
	The pool was at least a mile wide in any direction 
and filled with pure glistening water. Vines and flowers 
spilled over the rocks and rested at the edges of the pool. 
A waterfall cascaded down into the pool, hiding a cavern 
from view. The rubber rocks around the waterfall provided 
many places to dive and jump. And a slide made up of rubber 
slithered down a small hill. 
	"This would be great place to have a party." Ryoko 
tore off her lilac robe and dove into the water. 
	Relena said, "There's a Jacuzzi behind the waterfall, 
in that cavern."
	"Really?" Ryoko smiled evilly. "I'm going to check it 
out."
	"Relena! Did you have to tell her that?" Ayeka 
moaned. "Now she'll try to do something with Tenchi in 
there." 
	"And I don't think my brother is ready to lose his 
virginity." Kuri added.
	Relena laughed and shook her head.  
	"Where are the boys?" asked Kuri. "I thought you said 
they were already here."
	"They're coming. Ryoko just said that to get you to 
hurry up." Relena jerked her head at the terrace. The boys 
were coming down clutching towels and bottles of suntan 
lotion. Pegann followed right behind them, carting a 
levitating tray full of food. 
	"You guys took long enough." Relena said, pretending 
to be angry. 
	"Sorry." Heero smiled apologetically and kissed her 
on the cheek. 
	Pegann set the food on a long table. "I took the 
liberty of setting up the canopy for you." 
	Relena looked at the tent. "Oh. Thank you Pegann." 
	He bowed and headed back into the house, sweating a 
little with the heat. 
	"He didn't look too comfortable." Said Tenchi.
	"Well he was wearing a black suit. Can you blame 
him?" Kuri scoffed at Tenchi. 
	"Oh Tenchi," murmured Ryoko seductively. "There's a 
nice little Jacuzzi behind that waterfall. Wanna go check 
it out?" 
	"Ryoko!" Tenchi back away. "Not now, okay?" 
	"Well then, maybe later," Ryoko leaned closer. Tenchi 
gulped and quickly averted his eyes. She was wearing a red 
bikini and Tenchi could see the top of her breasts when she 
leaned over. 
	"Maybe," Tenchi sat down underneath the canopy and 
sighed. 
	>Would someone please tell me why I love her?< he 
asked himself. 
	"Poor Tenchi," Kuri shook her head. "I'm going for a 
swim. Anyone coming?" 
	Trowa stood up and dove into the water after Kuri. 
He emerged and was greeted with a splash of water. 
	"Hey!" he shouted. "Why you little..." He splashed 
her back until she dove under the water. Relena, Ayeka, and 
Ryoko joined the water fight. 
	They easily outnumbered Trowa. 
	"Okay! Stop!" He shielded his face, laughing. "Hey! 
Anyone want to help me?" 
	Tenchi, Heero, and Wufei shook their heads and jumped 
into the water. 
	"No fair!" shouted Ryoko as Heero sent a wave of 
water at her. She summoned her energy and sent a huge wave 
at him. The water in the pool churned and frothed like an 
angry ocean. Large amounts of water managed to escape from 
the pool and quickly drenched the concrete. 
	"Okay, this game is getting too violent for me," 
Kuri said laughing. She got out and dashed up the hill to 
the slide. The cold water sent goosebumps up her arms when 
she sat in the running current. She pushed off with her 
arms and was sent down a series of dips and sharp turns. 
Warm air rushed at her face as she went faster and faster 
down the slide. A deep drop sent her hurtling into the pool 
with a splash. 
	"That was...fun," gasped Kuri as she stepped out of 
the pool. "How deep is this?"
	"About 16 feet deep. Why?" Relena leaned back in her 
chair and smiled innocently at her.
	"Because I must have swallowed a gallon of water. I 
wasn't ready for a drop that deep." 
	Relena laughed and sighed. "That's why you should 
hold your breath when the end of a slide comes." 
	"Very funny. Are we going shopping or what?" Kuri 
said angrily. 
	"Yes, we're going. Come on." Relena stood up and 
gestured to Ryoko, who was lying on the rocks getting a 
tan.
	The four girls went into the palace and to their 
separate rooms. 
	"Be ready in an hour and thirty minutes okay?" Relena 
said.
	"Right." They answered.
	Kuri locked the door to her room and sighed. This 
life of paradise and relaxation, was nice but tiresome. She 
longed for excitement, for a new change in routine. Day 
after day it was all fun and games. After awhile, it gets 
boring. 
	She stepped out of the bathroom, wearing a flowery 
white and black robe with her hair wrapped up into a white 
towel. 
	*knock knock* 
	"Yes," she opened the door. "Ayeka? Come in."
	"Thanks Kuri." Ayeka stepped in wearing a white 
skirt and purple tank top. 
	"What's the matter Ayeka? Why so glum?" Kuri stepped 
into her closet. 
	"It's Wufei. He says he loves me, but he doesn't show 
it." Ayeka bowed her head. "I don't know what to do. This 
was not the kind of relationship that I wanted." 
	"Well, maybe he thinks it's a weak sign to show your 
emotions." She said from the closet. 
	"I don't think it's that. He holds my hand, kisses 
me, but he doesn't do it with...heart."
	Kuri came out, dressed in a white shirt and red miniskirt.
 She rubbed her hair with the towel, making the blue highlights 
glisten. 
	"Hmmm, have you tried talking to him?" 
	"I'm...afraid to ask." Ayeka looked pleadingly at 
her. "Kuri, tell me what to do." 
	"For one, you should talk to him. If he really loved 
you, then he shouldn't be afraid to share any secrets with 
you." Kuri sat down at her vanity table and brushed her 
hair, gazing at Ayeka from her mirror. 
	"What if what he has to say is something I don't want 
to hear?" 
	"You'll never know until you find out. And if it's 
something you don't like, then at least you'll know." She 
turned to Ayeka. "And if this is making you as miserable as 
you are now, then maybe what he has to say might make it 
better. I mean, if you break up, then it wasn't meant to 
be. But then again, you might not be the problem." 
	"I'll talk to him," Ayeka said quietly. 
	"Okay. Let's go shop. It'll take your mind off of 
things."
	
	"Are you sure you don't have any matters of state to 
worry about?" Kuri slid into the driver seat of Relena's 
bright red SUV. Ryoko and Ayeka got into the back.   
	"I'm still a teenager. I can have a little fun now 
and then can't I?" She jumped into the passenger seat. "Lt. 
Noin can fill in for me while I'm shopping." 
	"Right," Kuri slipped on her sunglasses and smiled. 
The car backed out of the long driveway and headed down the 
street into town. "Where's the nearest mall?" she glanced 
behind her as she switched lanes. 
	"Down there," Relena pointed down a street. Kuri 
turned and saw it almost at once. 
	"Whoa, that place is bigger than the mall at 
Okayama." Kuri found a parking place and parked. She 
pushed her sunglasses on the top of her head before 
stepping out. "People here are so stylish," she said. "Do I 
look okay?" Relena glanced at her and nodded.
	"For a queen you sure do know the fashion around 
here," said Ryoko. 
	"I'm still a teenager okay?"
	Ryoko shrugged and followed them into the mall. A 
group of guys looked at them, impressed by the expensive 
car with black leather seats...and their looks. Inside 
there were people bustling in and out of the shops, 
chattering away with their companions. They went to a 
jewelry store first. Inside were cases and cases of chains 
and rings. 
	"Oh. This one is beautiful." Ayeka gazed at a 
ruby pendant. 
	"Get it," said Ryoko. She was looking for something 
for Tenchi. 
	"I don't really need it," she said, though she wanted 
it desperately. Ayeka wasn't one to waste her money on such 
things. 
	"Who cares Ayeka? Just buy it if you want it," Ryoko 
just wanted her to buy it so that they could leave. 
	Kuri bought a pair of silver earrings and was 
browsing around when Ryoko called her over.
	"What?"
	"Shouldn't Ayeka just buy this if she wants it?" 
Ryoko pointed at the pendant. 
	"I think she should."
	"Me too," Relena was looking at some jeweled clips. 
	Ayeka continued to look at it. It was indeed 
beautiful. She sighed. "I'll take it."
	"Finally Ayeka! You're able to make a careless 
decision." Ryoko slapped Ayeka on the back and laughed. 
	Ayeka glared at her but said nothing. 
	When they were leaving the shop, a teenage girl 
around their age ran past, bumping Kuri slightly. The girl 
scrambled to hold on to her bags. 
	"What's her problem?" asked Ryoko.
	They shrugged and headed to clothing store. 
	A salesperson came over and asked, "Do you need any 
help?"
	"No, we're alright." Relena smiled nicely before 
moving on. 
	Kuri bought a few outfits and went a bookstore. 
Inside there were rows and rows of books, waiting to be 
read. She wandered around, not really knowing what she was 
looking for. Finally she purchased a few books and hurried 
out. 
	"What did you get?" Ryoko reached into the bag and 
pulled out three books. "Mists of Avalon, The Chi Si, South 
Wind and  Snow Falling on Cedars. Hmm, okay. I think you need 
a life," she said in a drawling voice.
	"Oh, shut up!" Kuri grabbed the books from Ryoko, 
blushing furiously. 
	Ryoko laughed and said, "Oh well. At least it'll fill 
your huge room up with some stuff." 
	Kuri glared at her before giving her arm a sharp pinch. 
	"Ow!" Ryoko yelped and flew down the hall after Kuri. 
"Come back here! You're going to pay for this!" Kuri laughed 
and flew faster. Their breakneck chase was a spectacle for 
everyone in the mall stopped to watch.
	
	"Are you sure this will all fit?" asked Ayeka. She 
put an enormous bag in the trunk. 
	"It has to," Relena put a box on the ground. 
	"That's none too reassuring." Murmured Ayeka. 
	"Jeez! This traffic is murder," said Relena as she 
sighed in frustration. She opened one of her new CDs and 
popped it into the CD player. The line started to move 
faster as they listened to the music. 
	After about an hour of traffic, they were finally 
able to return home, where dinner was about to be served. 
The 4 girls hurried upstairs to change. Relena changed into 
her white skirt and blouse, the uniform of the school. 
Kuri wore a slim white dress that was cut in Grecian 
style. Ayeka changed into one of her new outfits, a 
lavender skirt with matching jacket and Ryoko wore a blue 
outfit. Downstairs, The students were already there, 
waiting behind their chairs, dressed in their uniforms. The 
boys were there as well. Relena sat down in the red 
cushioned chair, indicating that everybody else should sit 
too. 
	The table was set beautifully with a fine linen 
tablecloth, silver candlesticks, and delicate china and 
crystal. There was roasted duck, creamed potatoes, and a 
variety of side dishes. After dinner, students headed to 
their rooms or to the swimming pool to hang around until 
dark. 
	The adults went into a siting room. Pegann came 
inside with a small package. 
	"This just arrived Miss Relena," He put down the box 
and the tray of coffee. 
	"Thank you Pegann," inside the box were piles and 
piles of tickets. "What are these?"
	"There for a carnival," said Ayeka. She took one of 
the yellow rolls and examined it. "You need these to ride 
the rides and play games.	
	Relena took an envelope off the top of the box and 
opened it. 
She read:
To Her Majesty, Queen Relena and the boarders of her 
school. We kindly present these tickets for you and your 
students and hope that you attend our performance."
	"Well, that's nice." She glanced at Heero. He didn't 
look to pleased. 
	"Hey! A carnival! Let's go," said Ryoko. She flew up 
into the air. 
	"That would be fun," said Tenchi. He smiled up at 
Ryoko. 
	Relena nodded. It was decided, they were going. 
	
	"Be back here in 2 hours for the show alright?" 
Relena, teachers, and the others said to the students as 
they exited the limos. 
	Wearing street clothes, the girls and boys dashed off 
in different directions.
	"Jeez! These kids will you kill you one day." Heero 
said as he backed up into the car. 
	Trowa laughed and took Kuri's hand. "Come on." He 
smiled down at her. 
	"Let's go on the Ferris wheel!" Kuri pulled him 
towards the ride. 
	"Uh, no," Trowa pulled her back.
	"Why not?" Kuri pouted up at him.
	"Because, I'm...a little scared of heights." Trowa 
rubbed the back of his neck. 
	"You don't have a problem with flying gundams." She 
looked up at him quizzically. 
	"That's different. When I'm piloting, I'm actually 
*in* something." 
	"Well, these carriages are covered. It's more like a 
small compartment that goes around and around in circles. 
Come on, how bad can it be?" Trowa reluctantly allowed 
himself to be towed to the Ferris Wheel. 
	"Come on!" Kuri dashed into a compartment. Trowa got 
in and sat down in the leather seat next to her. An 
assistant closed the door and the wheel started to churn. 
Trowa gripped the sides and held himself stiffly as he 
watched the ground get farther and farther away from him.
	"Oh Trowa, give me a break. It's not like this 
compartment is even open. There's an actual door, windows, 
a top, and walls. There's no way you can fall out. Come on, 
just relax, enjoy yourself." She took his hand and held it 
firmly, smiling reassuringly. 
	He smiled at her, his attention drawn away from the 
window. He relaxed as the wheel started to descend into the 
crowd and allowed himself to enjoy the brightly colored 
lights of the carnival. 
	"See, it's not so bad." Kuri turned to him. "You big 
baby." 
	"I know." He smiled. "But there's something that can 
make this better." 
	She smiled and leaned forward and kissed him. Her 
hands holding his face. His fingers intertwined with her 
icy highlighted hair. 
	"You've conquered my worst fear," he said mockingly. 
"You are now my knight in shining armor." 
	"Really? A knight in shining armor, hmmm. Doesn't 
sound like me." She snuggled against him. 
	"Yeah, you're right. It's more like my lady in 
white." He leaned in for a kiss.
	"A lady? Come on." She pushed him away. 
	"Alright!" He threw up his hands. "You wanna know 
what I really think of you? You're Chih Nu, the angel 
from Heaven who came down to Earth to be the bride of a
poor farmer because she loved him."
	"How do you know about Chih Nu?" 
	"I...borrowed your new book called Chi Si." He 
smiled.
	"So that's where it went. I thought Ayeka took it." 
	"Are you happy with my praise?" He pretended to pout.
	"Yes. And I think you're Niew Lon. The romantic 
farmer who went to desperate measures just to see his love, 
Chih Nu, if only once a year. 
	"Thanks for that." 
	"Your welcome." 
	He wrapped his arms around her and kissed her lips. 
Neither of them noticed that it was time to get off the 
ride. 
	"Hey! Hey!" An assistant pounded on the door. Trowa 
broke away and smiled embarrassingly. 
	"Man, you guys have been in there for a long time," 
the man smirked at them. 
	Trowa and Kuri laughed and hurried away. 
	They walked along the booths, eating cotton candy and 
other foods, Occasionally they would stop at some booths to 
play games. 
	Trowa stopped at a booth where you had to throw 
knives at a target. 
	"Here, I'll win you something." He handed her the 
lizard she had won for him. 
	"You don't have to," she said.
	"Oh well. How many tickets?"
	"Five," the man held up his fingers. "Five for five 
knives."
	"Alright." Trowa tore 5 tickets off his roll and 
handed them to the man. The man gave him five daggers, 
which Trowa held by his fingertips. One quick flick of his 
wrist and the dagger hits the bulls-eye. Another, then 
another, then another, another, until all daggers were 
stuck in the bulls-eye of the target.
	"Wow, that was fascinating. You can have any one you 
want," the man spread out his arms to the many plush toys 
and ornaments. 
	"I'll take that," Trowa pointed at a large plush 
bear. 
	"Here you are. You and the lovely little lady have a 
good night," he winked at Kuri and laughed. 
	"What..."
	"Come on," Kuri pushed him away from the booth.
	"Here," he gave her the toy.
	"Oh, it's so cute! I love it," Kuri hugged the bear 
to her chest. 
	"Great, because I went through a lot of trouble to 
get that for you." He put his arm around her shoulders.
	"Oh you," she laughed teasingly and put linked her 
arm with his. "Let's go meet the others."

	The group of students, Relena, and the others lined 
up outside of the tent as they waited to go in. Once 
inside, they were shown to their seats in the front. They 
laughed at the clowns, gaped at the trapeze artists, and 
applauded the animals. But the final act was one that got 
Trowa nervous. A person was to be chosen from the audience 
to be strapped to a wall as someone threw knives at them. 
	A pretty young lady with feathers in her hair rode 
around on a white horse, looking for the target. 
	She smiled and pointed at Trowa. He shook his head at 
her. He didn't want to go on. But she wouldn't relent. One 
of the students got up and pushed Trowa forward. Other 
spectators pushed Trowa along until he reached the bottom 
of the stairs.
	An assistant strapped him to a wall and waited until 
the leading lady came onto the stage. Trowa gasped as 
flashes blurred through his mind. 
	Kathy, her eyes, focused and alert as she threw the 
daggers at him. He shook his head and the vision was 
cleared from his mind. He caught a glimpse of the 
performer. A girl with curly shoulder length hair. The 
assistant blindfolded him with a dark cloth and left the 
stage. There was silence. He felt a thud by his leg and 
then heard the sound of cheering. Seven times he felt the 
hits and heard the cheers. 
	>Last one< he thought. 
	Indeed, moments later he felt a thud above his head. 
He was released and scramble back up to his seat next to 
Kuri, not even stopping to look at the performing lady. 
	"You okay?" she asked as she held his hand. 
	He nodded and got up. Everyone was leaving. Trowa 
held on to Kuri's hand as they made their way through the 
crowd. The girl was watching them leave, tears in her eyes 
as she looked at their hands and the smiles they gave each 
other. 
	"Are you sure you're okay?" asked Kuri as she got 
out of the car. 
	"I'm fine!" snapped Trowa. He glared at her. Kuri 
stepped back and looked down. 
	She looked at him reproachfully and walked into the 
manor, heading towards her room on the second floor. 
	"Kuri! Wait," He sighed in frustration. Trowa looked 
at her and dashed up the stairs, catching up to her before 
she could reached her room. 
	He placed his hand on her shoulder and turned her 
around to face him. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to snap at 
you."
	She shrugged and walked into her room, locking the 
door behind her. He shook his head and headed towards his 
room, cursing himself. 

	Trowa woke up in the morning and wondered whether or 
not Kuri had forgiven him. He showered and put on a green 
shirt and jeans, slipping a white shirt on over it. Outside, 
Tenchi was just coming out of his room.
	"Hey, sleep well?" asked Tenchi. He wondered if Trowa 
and his sister had made up yet. 
	Trowa shrugged and headed down the stairs, followed 
by Tenchi. They went out on the marble terrace where 
everybody was eating breakfast under an umbrella.
	"Good morning everyone," Tenchi smiled and sat down 
next to Ryoko and his sister. Kuri was wearing a fluttering 
green dress with a tank top cut bodice. Her hair was tucked 
into a braided bun. Trowa sat down next to Kuri and kissed 
her on the cheek. She smiled up at him, telling him that he 
had been forgiven. 
	Heero leaned over and whispered something at Relena, 
causing her to laugh and hit him playfully.
	"What?" asked Ryoko. Relena shook her head and turned 
back to her breakfast. 
	Heero looked over at her affectionately and leaned 
back in his chair. Relena looked lovely today in a white 
summer dress with a large white hat over her head to 
protect her face. 
	"Miss Relena," said Pegann, he appeared at the doors.
	"Yes Pegann?" she looked up.
	"There's someone here to see Mr. Trowa." He moved 
aside. 
	Trowa looked up and jumped. Kuri looked at the girl. 
She had curly shoulder length hair that was a chocolate 
brown color and dark blue eyes. She was wearing a pink 
dress with a skirt that reached her knees and a straw hat 
with a pink ribbon. She gasped as she recognized the girl
as the person who threw daggers at Trowa at the circus.
	Quatre also looked as if he had seen a ghost, as a 
matter of fact, all of the pilots did. 
	"Hello Trowa," the girl looked at him with tears in 
her eyes. "I hope you haven't forgotten me." She smiled at him 
sadly.
	"Trowa?" Kuri touched his arm. He looked at her, in 
a frightened sort of way. 
	"I was your fiance. Remember Trowa?" The girl held 
out a slim hand to reveal a small diamond ring. 
	Kuri glanced at Trowa. "What's going on?" She 
demanded. 
	"It's not what it seems." He said. "I...She..." he 
faulted and started to shake. 
	"Who are you?" asked Ryoko. She didn't like this girl 
very much and had the urge to blast her. 
	"Yeah, and what do you want?" asked Ayeka.
	"I'm Kathy, Trowa's fiancee." She avoided Ryoko and 
Ayeka's murderous looks. 
	"You're crazy! My sister is with Trowa and he would 
never cheat on her," said Tenchi. He clenched his fists 
together. 
	"But you're dead!" shouted Kuri. She jumped out of her 
chair. Tenchi grabbed her arm, in case she decided to lunge 
at Kathy. "You're dead! You died in the battle! Trowa said 
you did."
	Trowa got up and put his arms around Kuri, drawing 
her back down to her chair. She clung to his shirt, 
trembling. 
	"I didn't die. I had gotten on the last transport at 
the last minute. I tried to wait for you but I couldn't. We 
barely made it away. And when we landed here, I tried to 
track you down, but it took years and years since you kept 
on moving around. But then you settled here in the Sanc 
Kingdom and I came back. Only to find you with her!" 
	Kathy's eyes blazed as she looked at Kuri. 
	"How was he to know you were alive?" asked Ayeka. 
	None of the pilots said anything.	
	"It doesn't matter. If he had died then I would have 
never allowed myself to love someone else." Her gaze 
switched to Ayeka and Ryoko. 
	"Oh for God's sake! He was just a boy! He was still 
young. What's wrong with moving on?" asked Ryoko. 
	Relena stood up and said, "If you've come here to 
start trouble, then I should ask that you leave. You have 
no right to be here!" She nodded at Pegann. The man took 
her arm but she shook him off.
	"You can't make me do anything. And I'm not leaving 
without Trowa." Kathy's expression changed as she looked at 
Trowa. "Please, you asked me to marry you and I lived for 
that. Please Trowa," her hands gestured towards him. He 
tightened his hold on Kuri and looked at her, seeming 
confused and lost. Kathy pleaded with him with her eyes, 
begging him to come back to her. 
	He leaned his head forward and whispered to Kuri, 
"I'm just going to talk to her, okay?" 
	He felt her stiffen but she said nothing. Kuri sank 
down in her chair, looking strained and tired. Trowa leaned 
forward and tried to kiss her but she turned her head away, 
her posture rigid. 
	Trowa looked at her sadly before gesturing to Kathy. 
She followed him, looking triumphant and pleased. As soon 
as they were out of sight, Kuri bowed her head onto her 
arms and sobbed. 
	"Oh, Kuri. What did he say?" Ayeka placed her arms 
around her. 
	Kuri continued to cry, refusing to say anything.
	"I think we should spy on him," said Ryoko. She 
grabbed Ryo-Ohki and said, "Now Ryo-Ohki you go see what 
Trowa is doing but keep out of sight and report back to me. 
Then I will give you all the carrots you want, okay?" Ryo-
Ohki meowed happily and dashed off in the direction that 
Trowa went.
	Ryo-Ohki found them sitting on a bench in the garden. 
She hopped into a nearby bush and sat there, listening to 
every word they said. 
	"Trowa please, I have lived for you and only you. I 
waited for you and have loved no one else." Kathy touched 
his cheek, making him look at her. 
	He moved away, "Kathy, you made me believe you were 
dead and I'm finally able to get over you and you come 
waltzing back in and all these mixed feelings come back. 
And you expect me to make a choice just like that?" 
	"You would be able to if you really loved me," she 
said coldly. 
	"That's not how love works!" He turned his head away. 
"I can't just abandon Kuri like that. I made her a promise 
that we would always be together and I want to keep it."
	"You made a promise to me first Trowa! Asking me to 
marry you was promising me that we would always be 
together." Tears began to run down her cheeks.  
	"Look Kathy, I'm happy now, with my life, with Kuri. 
And I will always care for you but I can't abandon her. I'm 
sorry.
	"You can't abandon me either! I lived for you and I 
always will. If you don't love me then I might as well 
die."
	"You abandoned me! You left, making me believe that 
you died and yet you didn't try to tell me or anything!" 
Trowa looked at her, putting his hands on her shoulders. 
"Kathy, I will always love you in some ways and I really 
don't want to hurt you. You and me, I know it could work 
but what am I going to do about Kuri? I love her too!" 
	"You love her! How can you say you still love me but 
you won't be with me? How can you say you love me if you 
love her?" She turned and sobbed, her face in her hands.
	"Kathy! Stop! You just come back into my life and 
expect me to make a choice just like that! I fell in love 
after you left, I was happy!" 
	Kathy sobbed even harder.
	"How can I make you understand? When I thought you 
died, I fell apart. I killed every enemy I was assigned to 
kill and thought nothing of it. And then we were sent to 
Japan to wait for White Fang and I met this girl. She 
reminded me so much of you." Trowa didn't tell her that 
Kuri had so much more than Kathy did. "I didn't want to 
get close to her but I couldn't help it. The more I was 
with her the more I fell in love. I couldn't help it. She 
gave me back something I thought I lost when I lost you." 
	"Well, I'm not dead. So you don't need her now! I can 
give you back whatever you thought you lost!" Kathy started 
to get excited.
	"But what about Heero? And Quatre? And Wufei? And 
Relena and Duo? What about her brother Tenchi? Her sister 
Ayeka? Her friends? And especially, what about Kuri? If I 
betray Kuri, it's like I betray them too. How will they 
understand?"
	"I don't know. We'll work it out. If they were really 
you're friends, they'd understand." Her face gleamed with 
triumph and love. She thought he had already chosen her.
	"I didn't say..." He was cut off as Kathy put her 
lips on his. She brought up her hand to embrace his head. 
Trowa was shocked at first but forgotten feelings 
overwhelmed him and he responded to her kiss. Ryo-Ohki 
started to cry and she hurried back to Ryoko. 
	"Well? What happened? Tell us Ryo-Ohki!" Ayeka picked 
up Ryo-Ohki and shook her.
	Wufei stopped her and took her hand as she waited 
impatiently to hear what happened. Tenchi sat with his 
sister, holding her as she cried quietly onto his shoulder. 
Ryo-Ohki started to meow rapidly, with Ryoko translating as 
fast as she could.
	"Ryo-Ohki said they were arguing at first. Trowa was 
telling Kathy that he couldn't abandon Kuri and Kathy was 
saying that he couldn't abandon her either. Trowa was 
fighting her at first but then he seemed to agree with her. 
And then...they kissed!" Ryoko dropped Ryo-Ohki and 
screamed so loudly that it was a wonder that the glass 
didn't break.
	Kuri made a small cry and dashed into the palace. 
They could hear the muffled sounds of her steps as she ran 
up the stairs. The distant sound of a slam reached their 
ears. 
	"Come on, you guys." Ryoko stood up and left. The 
others followed. 
	"Kuri?" Tenchi knocked on the door. "I have a spare 
key." He said to the others. 
	They entered her room and saw her lying on her bed, 
sobbing. 
	"Are you alright?" asked Relena. She sat down on the 
bed next to Kuri.
	She turned her head away from Relena. "Kuri please, 
talk to us." 
	Relena and the other watched as salty tears fell from 
her eyes, staining her blanket. 
	"What did I do wrong? Why is he leaving me?" she 
asked, more to herself than to the others.
	"You did nothing wrong Kuri," Ayeka patted her 
sister's hand. Wufei pushed a chair closer to the bed, 
indicating that Ayeka should sit in it. She smiled up at 
him and turned her attention back to her sister. Ryoko sat 
down next to Ayeka, on the bed. 
	"I think what you need is a little fresh air," said 
Duo. He went to her glass door that led to the balcony and 
opened them. The drapes fluttered in the summer breeze. 
	They sat next to her until she cried herself back to 
sleep. Ryoko covered her with a light blanket. Relena 
closed the patio doors and motioned for the boys to leave. 
They went out but Tenchi came back a few minutes later with 
some more tea.
	"Are you staying with her?" he asked. Ryoko nodded. 
"What do you want me to tell Trowa?" 
	"That we're too busy to see him," said Ryoko. She 
took the tray from him and put it down on a table. Ayeka 
came back in with a few yards of fabric, her knitting and a 
few books. The three girls sat down at a table not too far 
from Kuri and debated as they sewed. 
	"What do you think Trowa was doing?" asked Ayeka. She 
tried to poke a thread through her needle.
	"I don't know. Some men are like that you know. But 
Tenchi and Heero and Wufei and Duo and Quatre aren't." said 
Ryoko. She paged through one of her mangas, looking at the 
pictures rather than reading it.
	"But I wonder why he would do that?" Relena was 
helping Ayeka make a Jurain robe for Wufei. 
	Kuri lay there, listening to their debate. No one 
noticed that she was awake. She finally got up and slipped 
on a white silk robe. She sat down at their table and 
picked up a piece of cloth.
	"How are..." Ayeka started to ask her something.
	"I'd rather forget about it," said Kuri. She pierced 
the cloth with her needle. "What design are you using for 
this robe?"
	Ayeka told her and wondered if this new way of 
handling it was the right way. 
	Let her have her way for now, said Ryoko's eyes. 
Ayeka nodded and looked back at her sewing. 

	Over the next few weeks Kuri seldom spoke to anyone 
and walked away whenever Trowa tried to talk to her. She 
read, took long walks, watched TV, sewed with the girls, 
and had tea with her brother but she never seemed to be 
really into it. Relena invited Kathy to stay with them 
because Kuri asked her to and she stayed across the hall 
from Trowa. Kathy continuously gave Kuri withered looks 
and tried to spend time with her friends. Ryoko, Ayeka, and 
Relena did not enjoy her company yet she insisted on 
joining them in their swims and shopping trips. 
	One day when they were having tea, Kuri spoke aloud 
to all of them for the first time in weeks.
	"I've decided to go to New York." She sipped her tea.
	"What?!" asked 9 voices. Kathy said nothing but 
looked pleased that Kuri would be leaving.  
	"Why?" asked Tenchi. 
	"I know I promised that I wouldn't be leaving but I 
can't stay here." She looked down at her cup. "I'll be 
studying to be a lawyer and hopefully can become one."
	 "But don't you need a college degree?" asked Ayeka.
	"I don't know, but I already have one." Kuri had 
taken college courses in Europe since she moved to the Sanc 
Kingdom and her degree would count in America.
	"When are you leaving?" asked Heero.
	"At the end of the week," said Kuri. One of Relena's 
agents had flown to New York and had found a nice apartment 
for her to live in. "Everything's been arranged, my things 
will be shipped there by the end of the week and I'll leave 
when everything's gone."
	"Where are you going to live?" asked Ayeka. She 
wanted her to stay here.
	"I had someone fly out and they found an apartment 
for me. It's very nice."
	"What about furniture?" asked Ryoko.
	"I'll buy it when I get there. Until then, I'll sleep 
in a sleeping bag. Don't worry about me. I'll be alright on 
my own." Kuri stood up and walked upstairs to continue 
packing. 
	"Why didn't she tell us this sooner?" asked Ryoko. 
"She already has everything arranged. Now we can't stop 
her." 
	"She wants to do something on her own, let her!" said 
Relena.
	"You knew?" asked Trowa. "And you let her?"
	"What's it to you Trowa? I'd think you'd be happy to 
let her go." Ryoko glared at him before gulping down her 
tea.
	"I care! She's my friend." Shouted Trowa. Kathy gave 
him a sad look that he didn't see.	
	"Yeah? Well, you have a funny way of showing it!" 
Ryoko walked up to Kuri's room.
	Relena and Ayeka followed her. Trowa sat down there 
stunned before coming to his senses and hurtling up the 
stairs. He pounded on Kuri's door. Ayeka opened it and 
Trowa saw the other girls folding clothes and wrapping 
pictures and knick-knacks in packaging paper.
	"Please, let me talk to her," Trowa gasped for air. 
Ayeka closed the door and he could hear whispered voices 
through the door. He was about to go back to his room when 
the door opened. Ayeka gestured him to go inside. There 
were boxes all over the floor, all labeled clothes, or 
books, or something. Kuri was folding blouses into a box, 
her hair tied up into a bun.
	"Want us to leave you alone?" asked Ryoko.
	Kuri nodded.
	"Okay, call us when you're done." Ryoko cast a cold 
look at Trowa before heading out, closing the door behind 
her. 
	There was an awkward silence. "So you're really 
going?" 
	Kuri nodded, "There's nothing keeping me here, 
holding me back."
	"What about Tenchi? Your brother?" He tried to find 
an excuse to keep her here.
	"Tenchi? He and Ryoko need time alone. Besides, it's 
always been a dream to go to America, to become a lawyer." 
She turned back and folded in another blouse. 
	"Are you sure you won't reconsider?" He stepped 
forward.
	"Why? If I leave, you can be with Kathy," she said 
this with no anger, just sadness.
	"Kuri, I don't..." She held up her hand, cutting him 
off.
	"Please, don't. It's better this way." She walked 
towards him and kissed him on the cheek. But it was 
different this time. It was more sisterly than lovingly. 
"Let's just let it be like this. It would be better." 
	Trowa bowed his head into her hair, willing her to 
change her mind. Kuri held him comfortingly but the old 
romance was gone, replaced by sisterly affection. She 
stepped back and smiled at him sadly. Her lips brushed his 
before turning away. He stood there, his heart felt like it 
was being ripped from him. 
	"Kuri, please. I don't have to be with Kathy. I 
promised you that we would always be together and I mean to 
keep that promise. I always keep my promises, remember?" He 
stepped towards her turned back.
	"Trowa, what would happen? Kathy seems weak. And I 
know I am strong. I'm gonna make it. Besides, you made a 
promise to Kathy first and that's the promise you have to 
keep." She stared out the window, silent and sad. 
	"Kuri please." He held out his hands.
	Kathy dashed into the room, ignoring the other girls 
outside. "There you are! I was wondering if you wanted to 
go shopping with me today." She grabbed his arm and held it 
protectively. She glanced suspiciously at Kuri who was 
folding clothes again. 
	"You go ahead, I'll be right there." Kathy ignored 
him and walked around Kuri's room.
	"This is nice, nicer than mine anyway, and it's a lot 
closer to Trowa's room." She stopped and rubbed her hand 
along the wood of the bed. She picked up a crystal figurine 
and looked at it. It dropped from her hand as she turned it 
around. Kathy looked at it the broken pieces without guilt 
and said, "Don't be long."
	"I'm sorry about that." Trowa went over and picked up 
a chunk of the crystal, looking at it sadly. 
	"It's okay. That's part of the reason why I'm going. 
If I stayed, Kathy and I would be fighting and it would be 
hard on everybody." 
	"Kuri please."
	"Don't, let's just leave it like this. Okay?" She 
touched his cheek and let her hand drop limply to her side.
He made his eyes cold and turned away and headed out. The 
girls were standing ourside. Relena patted him on the shoulder 
and Ayeka smiled at him reassuringly. Ryoko did nothing but 
walked past him and into the room, slamming the door behind her. 
Trowa felt like Kuri was slamming the door on his love. He leaned 
against the wall across from her room and sat there for hours. 
	The week passed by slowly for them, especially for 
Kathy, who couldn't wait until Kuri left. And the day 
finally came. Men came the day before and took away all of 
her boxes to be shipped to New York. All she was carrying 
with her was a suitcase and a shoulder bag. The trip to the 
airport was desolate and silent. Pegann waited patiently in 
the parking lot while they accompanied her to her terminal. 
Before she left the car, she handed a present to Pegann. 
She kissed the elderly man on the cheek and hugged him 
before heading in. 
	Relena went with her to check her ticket and 
passport. Trowa stood apart from the others, with Kathy 
hanging on his arm. 
	"Take care of yourself sis," said Tenchi. He kissed 
her on the cheek and held her tightly. 
	"I'll be back for Christmas, if I become a lawyer." 
Kuri smiled at him and gave him his present. 
	"Thanks for everything Relena," Kuri hugged her 
friend. 
	"I'll save your room until you come back," she 
whispered.
	"Why not just give it to Kathy? She wants it." 
	"Are you crazy?"
	Kuri laughed and hugged Heero. "Take care of her." 
Heero hugged her back and kissed her on the cheek, nodding.	
	Ryoko hugged her, as did Ayeka. She kissed Duo and 
Wufei on the cheek, laughing at the expression on Ayeka's 
face. Kuri hugged Quatre and then turned to Trowa. He 
wrapped his arms around her, not wanting to let go. She 
moved away and kissed him on his cheek before handing out 
the rest of her presents. To Trowa she gave a letter, she 
gave another one to Kathy. Trowa in return gave a letter 
and a small box to Kuri. She turned away from them and 
headed down the runway, turning back once to wave. They 
watched with heavy hearts as the plane with their friend 
onboard took off and disappeared from sight. In the car, 
each one of them opened their presents. Ryoko got a locket 
with her and Tenchi's initials engraved on its lid. Kuri 
had it made especially for her. Ayeka got a small mahogany 
jewelry box with a dancing ballerina inside. Relena 
received a delicate and rare vanity set made up of a comb, 
brush and hand mirror. All the pilots had a Jurain necklace 
with a pendant, but each had a different stone set on the 
chest. Tenchi got a picture of their parents standing under 
the cherry blossoms, holding the two children. He cried a 
little, it was their only picture as a family, taken the 
last time Achika had seen her daughter. Kathy got a jaded 
shell, which she wanted to throw away. But apart of her 
felt guilty and sad. So she kept it. 
	Trowa opened his letter and read, 

		Trowa,

	I wish that we could have always been together, like 
in Chi Si. But I knew that it was not meant to be and I'm 
sorry. You and I will always be together in memories of 
yesterday and I hope that you will treasure them always.

			Always,

				Kuri Masaki. 

	Trowa removed a single dried rose from a narrow white 
box and recognized it as the one he gave to Kuri so long 
ago. He sighed and leaned his head against the leather 
headrest. Relena took his hand in her own and smiled at 
him. He smiled back and fingered the bud on the rose. 
>There's one memory to cherish.< he thought.

	On the plane, Kuri opened the many presents from her 
family and friends. Ryoko and Tenchi gave her a necklace 
with a gold dragon pendant. Relena and Heero gave her a 
portrait with all of them in it that was painted in spring. 
Kuri smiled, it seemed that they didn't want her to forget 
her family in the Sanc Kingdom. Wufei and Ayeka gave her an 
Asian styled kimono. Kuri smiled again, how like Ayeka. 
>From Duo and Quatre, she got a small-framed photograph of 
their home at the school. An attached note said, "Remember 
your home and the people in it." She started to cry, angry 
with them for making her so homesick already.
	She didn't open the present from Trowa and left it in 
the seat next to her all through the trip. But the 
temptation was too strong.

		
		Kuri,
	
	You gave me back a new life and I thank you for it. 
You should know you always have a home here. Since you have 
refused my heart for my sake and everybody else's, I will 
give you a heart you can not throw away. I love you.

			Trowa


	The box held a gold necklace with a heart. A small 
genuine diamond hung from the chain. Kuri slipped it over 
head. It's golden cheerfulness shone next to the courageous  
golden shine of the dragon. She leaned back in her chair, 
feeling peaceful at last.

Three Years Later...

	Kuri did not come back home that Christmas, she 
instead stayed in New York. So her family was forced 
tcelebrate Christmas without her, even though she sent home 
3 big boxes full of presents. A letter came to them a year 
after she had left. It said,
	
	Dear Family,
		
		I find New York to be big and crowded, but it's 
nice here, in a way. I got a job as a lawyer for a company 
called Bartholomew and Law. I really love it. It's just a 
minor position but I might be able to move up to a higher 
one. Sorry but it would be easier if I wrote instead of 
called. I probably might come home at Christmas this year 
but not sure. I love my apartment. Your real estate agent 
did a real nice job Relena. I have to get back to my case.	
				
With love,
	
					Kuri
	
	
	They all smiled when they read her letter, happy that 
her dream had come true. But sad that she would not be able 
to come home for awhile. 
	
	
	In her apartment in the last floor of the tall 
building, Kuri sat at her large desk going through papers. 
She stopped her highlighting and looked around. Her 
apartment was large, yet cozy, with a big kitchen and a 
dining room off to the side. The kitchen was white and the 
dining room was connected to the kitchen, furnished with a 
4-chaired table. Steps led down into her living room where 
a white L-shaped couch stood in front of a TV. She had 
decorated her room in white, with green to match. She loved 
her new life and her new home. 
	She stopped spacing and continued to scan through the 
papers. She glanced at the picture of Trowa that she kept 
on her desk. Kuri wondered if she should write to him but 
decided against it. Trowa had his own life to live, with 
Kathy.
	Trowa was still apart of her and always will be, but 
she had to move on. She went out onto her balcony, her 
apartment was at the very top of the building, which gave 
her a stone balcony with marble figurines dancing at the 
sides. She gazed at the neighborhood and closed her 
eyes as she looked at the tops New York. This city was 
beautiful and she loved living in it. And her new job was 
great, as was her students. Her thoughts turned to her 
family as she stared out. She missed them, but they were 
still with her. And always would be.



Thanks for reading my fanfic. It may have sucked but hey, 
it was only my second try. Please email me any comments you 
may have. They could help me on my next series, if I decide 
to write one. Anyway, thanks. 

Credits:

Chi Si is known as the Chinese Valentine's Day. It is 
dedicated to the legendary folktale of "The Herder and the 
Seamstress." It has been around for 2000 years so I don't 
know who wrote it. I take no credit for this story.

Snow Falling on Cedars is a novel by David Guterson. It is 
a really good book and I highly recommend it. There is also 
a really good movie on the book. I take no credit for this 
book.

Mists of Avalon is a novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley. This 
is her novel and I take no credit for it. 

South Wind is a novel by Don Coldsmith and I take no credit 
for it. 



