The Dark Side of the Battle Field part 1

I don't own these people, dont sue, and i made the fic. thanks if you 
publish this


Lukav

sirlukav@chotmail.com

Plz try your best with the typos. I dont have spell-check

	Tenchi sighed as he watched the moon slowly rise into the sky. He glanced 
to his left and noticed a sall metorite falling from the sky.
	"Another busy day, and another buys day tomorow."
	Tenchi sighed and went to bed.

	A black ball was placed inside the flying meteorite. The estimated landing 
place was designated as the Masaki lake. As the metorite blasted into the 
lake, the ball exploded into a huge black arean across the lake. A creature 
wearing black creature with yellow eyes was standing there. It raised a 
black hand and smiled. Soon, the world would experience pain. Soon.

	Goku flew back. Vegeta's punch missed, and Goku brought his foot straight 
into Vegeta's chest, then he put his face into Vegeta's face and blasted him 
directly. Vegeta flew into a large mountain, and the mountain exploded.
	"Goddamn you Kakarot, I will kil you!!!!!!" vegeta blasted from the ruined 
mountain and vanished. Goku looked up, and was instantly kicked in the face 
by Vegeta. Goku slammed into the ground, and looked up. Vegeta was heavily 
charged.
	"Gatling gunnnnnnn!!!!!!!!" Vegeta launched a huge beam down at Goku.
	" Ka me ha me haaaaaaaaaaaa...blast!!!!!" Goku countered the beam
. Vegeta shot around and let Kakarot's blast defeat his, but he slammed his 
knees into Kakarot's chest. Vegeta charged his SS power and kept slamming 
his fists into Goku's chest. Suddenly, a huge explosion rocketed the air.
	"What the hell was that goddamn explosion!!!"Vegeta shot ito the air. Goku 
joined him.
	"Vegeta, we have to chek out that explosion." Goku blasted away.
	"Goddamn you Kakarot, hold on!!!!" Vegeta followed him.

	As Goku and Vegeta landed on the dark platform, a figure rose from the 
ground. The figure had blond hair, perfect face, blue eyes, and was wearing 
a white cape and wearing a red shirt and red pants. When he talked, he had a 
cool voice.
	"Gentleman, welcome to my new palace. Tomorow, I will have a tournament. 
Earth shall hang in the balance. I wil go now, and test my powers." And with 
that, he was gone.
	Tenchi came running out of the house, with the Lighthawk Sword.
	"Are you two attacking?"Tenchi asked.
	"No," said Goku,"we came here to fight that guy. He's holding a tournament 
tomorow for Earth. You seem strong enough, join us." And with that, Vegeta 
and Goku flew away.

	The next day, explosions rocked the city of Badwin. The man was killing 
people and destroying a city. Goku flew down.
	"You again, who are you!!!" The stranger turned his head.
	"My name is Resta. Now we shall fight."
	Resta launched himself at Goku, and began the fists of fury. Goku 
countered, not believing how fast this guy was. He was faster then Cell! 
Suddenly, Resta lurched forward. Vegeta kneed Resta in the back.
	"Vegeta, you will DIE painfully for that."
	Suddenly Tenchi landed from his slow flying, and raised his hand and shot a 
thin beam into Resta. Resta flew into a building.
	"Goddamnit, people will ALL DIE FOR THIS!!!!" Piccolo and Gohan landed in 
the city. Resta flew slowly out of the building.
	"Come to my Dark Palace. We shall continue the fight there."
	All the soldiers flew off, leaving Tenchi. "Hey, wait for me!!" Tenchi 
yelled, and they blasted off.

	At the battle field, Vegeta and Resta were charging up. Tenchi landed and 
walked over to Goku, panting.
	"Who are you guys?"
	"Were the Z Fighters. That up there is Vegeta, I'm Goku, and thats Piccolo 
and my son, Gohan."
	Tenchi panted again,"Well, I'm Tenchi. That's my house over there. I live 
there with my friends, Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, Kiyone, and Mihoshi. When we 
take a break, you can rest up there."

	In the Masaki house, all the girls looked out the window.
	"Wow, I could go for that big guy in the orange!"Purred Ryoko.
	"Back off, Ryoko! Yelled Washu." Sasami piped up. "Wow, look at that little 
kid! Now HE'S my type!" Sasami giggled.
	Vegeta and Resta suddenly launched torward each other. Before they 
connected, every-one gasped.

I know, you'll hate me for this. END OF PART 1!!!

Depending on the feedbac I get from this, depends on if I'll write a sequel. 
If i do continue the series, it'll be longer i promise.

sirlukav@hotmail.com

P.S. If i make a second one, I'll include mre Tenchi.
