Welcome to my story.
Okay, things to tell you:
This is a Ranma½-Sailormoon-Tenchi Muyo! - Aa! Megami-sama crossover
Insert usual disclaimers here, characters don't belong to me but to
someone(s) else but they were soo much fun I just had to borrow them.

Earth, Moon and the Heavens - Prologue
By Lei <elisas@geocities.com>
www.geocities.com/Tokyo/Field/2272/

 Ranma waved to Akane as he walked through the gates of Furinkan
High and shoving his keys deep in his pocket, walked over to where she
was standing, the angry look on her face disappearing as she saw her
best friend walk in through the gate.  Lifting one foot off the ground
she ground it into the gut of the unconscious BOY sprawled out before
her and headed off to talk to Ranma.
 "Hey, Ranchan."
 "I see you've been having fun with Kuno-'sempai' again."
 Akane grimaced and shrugged, tossing her longish black hair over
her shoulder.  "Hmmph.  I don't think 'fun' is the word I would use.
I really wish you'd beat him up for me.  Or even better, beat me up
and
tell him you can now date me and he can't!"
 "Yeah, I'd love to Acchan, really I would, but your sister would
kill me."
 "Nabiki is, strangely enough, the jealous type, isn't she?  I
still don't quite believe that you guys are dating.  I mean you're not
exactly what I would've called her type."  Akane frowned as a though
occured to her, "She didn't, like, black-mail you into it or anything,
did she?"
 "Hey!  She isn't that bad."
 A pair of arms snaked their way around Ranma's waist and Nabiki
laughed softly.  "Oh, you're so sweet, Ranma, defending me like that."
 Ranma grinned and twisted himself around.  "Hi, Biki-chan."
 "Hi.  So, Akane-chan, you really think I'm low enough to blackmail
someone into being my boyfriend?  I'm crushed."  Not sounding the
least
bit crushed Nabiki laughed again before reaching up and brushing
Ranma's
cheek with her lips.  "I'll see *you* at lunchtime.  Byyeee."  She
waved
and headed for the doors to the school, not looking back.
 Akane shook her head in disgust and a certain carefully disguised
envy as she considered the relationship between her older sister and
oldest friend.  It was something she would never have expected and
from
the shock that had been generated throughout the school when the news
became public, no one else had expected it either.  For one thing
Nabiki
was 8 months older and a year ahead in school and for the other they
were just so...different.
 "C'mon, Acchan, we'd better head off or we'll be late as well."
 In confirmation of this a cloud could be seen advancing down the
road where Furinkan High's notorious Queen of Forever Late was heading
towards the school.  She skidded to a halt next to Ranma and Akane and
drew in a deep breath, arranging her expression into something
dignified.
 "Did I make it on time today?"
 "Yep.  Just.  C'mon, Acchan, Usa-chan, we have to go *now*."
Ranma grabbed a wrist belonging to each girl and dragged them into
the building, up the stairs and into their classroom just as the final
bell rang.
 "Made it."  He dropped into his seat and faced the front of the
classroom where Hinako-sensei was readying everything for her English
lesson.  He couldn't help but admire her great figure absently for a
few seconds and wish she would wear something more revealing than an
ankle-length skirt, then he turned his attention away from the lesson
just beginning, towards the much more interesting one he had
participated in last night.  And thanks to his mother he could speak
English as fluently as Hinako-sensei.
 There didn't seem to be any patterns to the attacks the enemy was
launching, so it was impossible to guard against them every minute.
He
was glad that his mother and Khu Lon had warded Nerima which, along
with
Juuban, seemed to be the most prone to attacks, so they would know
when
a youma had chosen to attack or a General had set up yet another
nefarious scheme.  But there had to be some way of getting rid of the
source of the problem once and for all.  Maybe if they managed to find
the Juuban senshi they could team up and take out the Deathbusters.
 Ranma had been considering getting in touch with the Juuban senshi
for some time now, both to establish an alliance and to find out who
exactly they were and whether they were related, and not necessarily
by blood, to Usagi.  It was time, he decided, to ask for Nabiki's help
with the problem of finding them since they were just as prone to
disappear after a fight as his own group was.  And if that didn't
work,
he'd try to talk his mother or one of his aunt's into giving him a
hand.
 Ranma snapped out of his thoughts and focussed quickly on Hinako-
sensei, snapping a glance at his neighbours English reader. He had
heard
his name being called.
 "I'm sorry, Hinako-sensei, could you repeat the question?"
 Hinako-sensei sighed, <Ranma, please pay attention, I'm trying
to teach a class and I am aware you speak fluently, but I would
appreciate it if you could help me out.>
 <Sorry Miss Ninomiya.>
 The rest of the class snickered as Hinako-sensei repeated her
question and Ranma answered easily.  The class proceeded without
further mishaps as Ranma decided maybe it was better to concentrate
on the lesson after all.

 A smallish group of students gathered under one of the trees
dotting the area in front lawn of Furinkan High and began eating
their lunches, talking idly to one another.  Most of the group had
been gathering everyday for the past couple of years since they had
begun high school except for Nabiki and Tenchi who, both being a year
ahead hadn't joined them until after the discovery of Sailor Moon and
the formation of the Guardians.
 Nabiki took a sushi from her bento and held it up to Ranma's
mouth.  He ate it and she smiled, placing the next piece of Kasumi's
delicious food into her own mouth, she leant against Ranma's arm and
looked around the group.  Xian Pu was doing much the same with Tenchi
whose face was a little flushed from the experience.  He and Xian had
only been an item for a week, having finally admitted to an attraction
and now she was being rather more affectionate than he had expected.
Xian leaned up and gave Tenchi a light kiss then caught Nabiki's eyes.
They smiled at each other an understanding passing between them before
they moved their attention back to their respective boyfriends.
 "Biki-chan?"
 "Yeah?"
 "I was thinking..."
 "Ranma!"
 "N-nani?"
 "Don't!  I want you alive and thinking is a risky business!"
 Ranma made a face and laughed a little, "Right.  Anyway, I was
*wondering* how we could go about contacting the Sailor Senshi?"
 "Eh.  Why would we want to do that?"
 "Well, maybe Usa-chan's meant to be part of their team and even
if she's not we may be able to, I don't know, set up a sort of
alliance.
Then we could go see if we could get rid of the Deathbusters rather
than sitting around waiting for them to attack."
 Nabiki tilted her head to one side to consider Ranma's words and
sighed.  "I was waiting for this.  I've been checking it out and
they're
pretty secretive.  The best way to meet them would probably be to head
over to Juuban and hope a daimon attacks."
 "You can't think of anything else?"
 "Well, there's always advertising in the newspaper or on television
asking for them to meet but then when the time came there'd be crowds
around and we'd be unlikely to get rid of them."
 "Oh.  Okay, well I'll see if I can get my Obasan to help me out
then."
 "Right.  Anyway it's time to call this meeting to order since
everyone seems to have finished eating.  Would you do the honours?"
 Ranma grinned and lifted his fingers to his lips.  He whistled
and everyone turned towards them.  He looked around as everyone
settled
themselves more comfortably and smiled in satisfaction.  There was
Akane,
Xian, Tenchi, Usagi, Ryouga, Nabiki and himself, each of them playing
an important role in the Guardians.  Usagi, aka Sailor Moon, was their
figurehead, she being the person to bring them all together as a team
and who, as a Sailor, had better press.  Xian was part oni, having
inherited the blood from Happosai and it was stronger in her than in
any other member of her family since Happosai himself and she now
became Kage-Neko.  Tenchi, having been discovered to have an alien
blood-power of his own became Sora-Taka, a name he adopted after his
grandfather had told him the name of his power.  Akane and Nabiki
each inherited a legendary katana, both of which had been awarded to
the Tendo clan centuries ago as a reward for services to one of the
kami.  Akane, who inherited the katana whose powers granted control of
fire to it's owner, transformed into Ha-no-Hi and Nabiki became
Ha-no-Kori, her katana having given her control over ice.  Ryouga had
been granted a wish by the Goddess Skuld and had wished to join his
friends as a superhero and had received the ability to transmutate
into anything he was touching, and, finally, there was Ranma who had
blood-powers of his own.
 "Okay, we haven't had any daimons appear for a few days so it's
possible something big's happening, which means you all have to keep
your eyes open.  No one's given us any further information on our
enemies as they're still keeping a low profile; so keep your eyes open
for anything new in regards to info as well.  The next training
session
is tonight.  We'll meet at the dojo at six and head out from there.
Ryouga-kun, make sure you keep someone in sight all the time from now
on to make sure you get there.  Usagi-chan, try not to be late."
 Ryouga nodded his head and Usagi stuck her tongue out at Nabiki.
 "So, what's on the cards for training today?"  Tenchi asked.
 Nabiki turned to Ranma who was more fully qualified to answer,
"Ranma?"
 "Khu Lon-sensei thinks it's time for your's and Usagi's training
to be stepped up since you're almost ready to qualify for your next
belt
and Happosai's gonna show the rest of us, finally, how to do that
thing
with the pipe."
 "Alright!  About time.  I've wanted to learn that for ages."
Ryouga stated.  The other martial artists nodded, in complete
agreement.
 "Yeah, that and whatever Khu Lon-sensei does that makes her
impossible to hit."  Another round of agreement.
 "Anyway, we'll be doing that for a while followed by some more
team stuff.  Khu Lon-sensei has also said we're invited to stay for
supper if we want."
 "Yeeah!"
 Everyone looked at Usagi who blinked sheepishly and grinned,
shrugging.
 At which point the lunch break came to a close and everyone
headed off to afternoon classes.

 "Tadaima!"
 Akane and Nabiki walked into their house and kicked off their
shoes.  Their step-mother stepped out of the kitchen with a tray and
smiled at the two.
 "Okaeri nasai, Akane-chan, Nabiki-chan."
 Dressed in a traditional kimono, Nodoka knelt at the table across
from her step-daughters and poured each of them a cup of tea, offering
them a snack at the same time.  She pushed a strand of dark red hair,
that had slipped out of her usual knot of hair, behind her ear.
 "So, how was your day?"
 "Oh, it was good.  Nothing unusual."  Nabiki said after swallowing
a mouthful of mocha.  "I got an A on my maths quiz and an A+ for my
economics test."
 "Well done, Nabiki-chan.  You always do so well."
 "Um, I just got the lead in the play that's coming up."
 "Such a good actress.  I know you'll be absolutely wonderful.
When will it be?"
 "It's scheduled for the last week of school."
 "Thanks for the tea, Nodoka-san, I'd better go finish my homework.
 We're going to be going out later on."
 "With your Ranma-kun?  He's such a lovely boy."  Nodoka smiled
fondly, giving Nabiki an approving look, "And such wonderful parents."
 "Er...yeah.  We're going out with the usual group.  Don't wait
up for us, we may be late back since Khu Lon-sensei invited us to stay
for supper."
 "Just remember you have school tomorrow."
 The two girls nodded, beginning to pull themselves away from the
table to head for their rooms.
 "Oh, Soun will be late home from work tonight.  He and
Nobuyuki-san are running behind on the deadline and Kasumi-chan has
a date with a young man who's also studying medicine so it'll just
be the three of us for dinner."
 "Arigatou, Nodoka-san."
 "Hai, arigatou.  We'll see you later."
 Nabiki and Akane climbed up the narrow stairway and made their
way into the bedroom they shared.

 Xian and Tenchi walked to Tenchi's place quietly enjoying each
other's company and the blue skies.  Xian was attached to Tenchi's arm
and smiling happily at everyone and everything she passed.  Tenchi was
enjoying the contact between him and his girlfriend as much as it was
possible for him to, being as self-conscious as he was.  He constantly
threw looks all over the surrounding area and felt eyes that he
couldn't
find staring at him.  He came close to pushing Xian Pu away but knew
hat would earn him Pain so he tried to ignore the imaginary eyes he
felt and concentrate on Xian instead.  He wasn't finding it as hard
as expected.
 They reached Tenchi's house and he dug his keys out of his pocket
while Xian took the mail from the mailbox and returned to his side.
They stepped into the imaculate house and removed their shoes.  Tenchi
headed for the kitchen.
 "Do you want some tea, Xian?"
 "Hai."  Xian put her schoolbag down next to Tenchi's and moved
to the table where she could talk easily to Tenchi while not getting
in his way.  She couldn't help smiling as she remembered Khu Lon's
comments about Tenchi's domestic skills and how he would have fit
right in to the Joketsuzoku amazon society she had left so many years
ago to marry Happosai.  She wasn't entirely sure though.  He may be
able to cook and clean but he wasn't the retiring type.  His strength
was one of the first things that had  attracted her to him.  She was
glad he and Ranma had become such good friends and that he had joined
the Guardians since they would never have ended up together otherwise.
 "Here you go."  Tenchi set the tea on the table and poured a cup
for Xian and for himself, settling next to Xian.
 Xian picked up her cup and breathed in the steam, smiling up at
Tenchi.
 "Are you looking forwards to training tonight?"
 "Sure.  I'm the same as Ryouga, I *really* want to learn The Pipe
Thing of Happosai's."
 "Hai.  So do I.  We're lucky that they're so good at martial arts.
I wonder how we'd do against the daimons if they weren't training us."
 "Yeah, they're nice old people, aren't they.  They remind me of
my Ojiisan.  He's really good with a sword but unlike Happosai-sensei
he's..."  Tenchi trailed off, unsure whether he wanted to bring this
up.
 "Mmm?"
 "Well...a hentai.  Then again you never know how Happosai-sensei
would have turned out if he hadn't married Khu Lon-sensei."
 "I suppose, though I really can't imagine him as a hentai."
 Tenchi and Xian talked idly for a while before Nobuyuki rang,
informing Tenchi that he was working overtime at the architectural
firm
where he and Soun worked.  Xian then decided it was time for her to
head
home so she said goodbye in her own very affectionate way and left
with
a small wave.  Tenchi managed to wave back as he caught his breath and
stared at her figure until after he could no longer see it.  He sighed
and turned, heading for his room and the homework that awaited him.

 Xian walked in the door of the small cafe her parents ran and
looked around at the small number of people sitting in the booths
eating and talking quietly.  She smiled and walked through to the
back of the cafe.  She kissed her mother hello and asked if she needed
any help.
 "No dear, it's a slow day and your father and I can handle it.
You go on upstairs and finish off your homework if you're going to be
heading over to Obaasan's dojo later."
 Xian smiled and nodded.  "Hai, I'll be upstairs then."
 She walked up the stairs and flopped down on her bed closing her
eyes and yawning.  She wished she had finished that last assignment
early so she hadn't had to stay up so late last night; she was sooo
tired.  At least she wasn't the only one who had a late night though.
Usagi had looked just as tired and so had Ryouga, though he may have
missed out on sleep trying to find his bedroom rather than staying up
with his homework.  She yawned again and blinked her eyes rapidly to
get
rid of the sleepy tears that had appeared.  She managed to drag
herself
off the bed and sat at her desk with a sigh, pulling a book out of her
satchel and opening it.

 Ryouga sat next to Ranma as they drove towards the temple where
Ranma lived.  They talked easily about school and training and girls
as
they always had.  The two had been the best of friends since they had
met during junior high.  It was then that Ranma had started leading
him
to and from school, often sharing his lunch with the Lost Boy, a lunch
which had been famous throughout the school for being both the most
delicious and the most bountiful.
 They reached the temple and Ranma slid the door open, standing
aside so Ryouga could pass through.  They slipped off their shoes and
moved through into the living room still talking.
 "You should ask her out if you like her that much, Ryouga.  I
mean, she likes you and would probably jump at the chance to go out
with you.  But if I were you I'd stage a defeat for Kuno's benefit.
That way he can't object to you guys dating since it was him who made
up the rules."
 "But...but what if she said no?  I-I don't know if I could deal
with that."
 "Well, you're never going to find out if you don't ask."
 "Couldn't you, y'know, see if you can get her to tell you how she
feels about me...she is your best friend."
 "Um, we've kind of got this deal where we don't talk about who we
like.  It would be unfair on her since I'm going out with Nabiki and
she
knows how to get information from other people...Hi 'Kaasan."
 Ranma kissed his mother's cheek and smiled.
 "Okaeri, Ranma-kun.  Hello, Ryouga-kun, it's nice to see you
again."
 "You too, Morisato-san."
 Belldandy smiled at her son's friend and thought again that it was
such a pity about his sense of direction.  She'd have to ask Kami-sama
about it.  But in the meantime the two boys had just come home from
school and she had just finished icing a cake.
 "Do the two of you want anything to eat or drink?"
 "Arigatou, 'kaasan.  That would be great."
 "Ryouga-kun?"
 "H-hai.  Arigatou."
 Belldandy smiled again and headed for the kitchen.  The other
two dragged their homework out of their bags and sat complaining about
it briefly before beginning it.
 Belldandy brought in the tray and was about to leave the two alone
when Ranma remembered something.
 "Okaasan?"
 "Hai?"
 Ranma rose from where he sat, reminding Ryouga not to go wandering,
then joined his mother where she stood and began to talk quietly.
Even
if Ryouga had had a wish granted by Skuld, Ranma and his father didn't
really want anyone to know they were related to kami since it would
bring too much...attention.  They were alright for the moment since
Ryouga was the only one who knew Skuld was kami and he, somehow, had
never been around when she had visited.
 "When will Skuld or Urd be coming by next?"
 "Ah, Skuld was going to come by later on this week after she
finishes granting this next wish.  Why?"
 "Well, I've been thinking that maybe it's time to get in touch
with the Juuban senshi.  I was hoping one of them wouldn't mind
helping
me out."
 "If you'd like me to, Ranma, I can see what I can do.  I'm sure
there'll be no problem getting the information since you Guardians are
meant to meet up with the Sailor Senshi sometime soon."
 "Really?  That would be great.  Can you see if you can find out
before the weekend?"
 "I'll go make the call now."
 "Arigatou, Okaasan."
 "You're welcome.  Now you'd better go finish off your homework.
I take it you're training again tonight?"
 "Yeah.  Thanks again."

--end of prologue--

Xian Pu is more Japanese than Chinese in this story, in fact Khu Lon
is
the closest member in her family that is Chinese and she's a few
generations back which makes Xian 1/8th Chinese.  She's grown up in
Japan which explains the fact that she doesn't have an accent.
Ukyou, Tsubasa, Konatsu, Genma, Mousse and many other Ranma characters
won't be featured in this and Tenchi and Nobuyuki are currently the
only Tenchi Muyo! characters around although I'm thinking about a
sequal/sidestory with the rest of the characters.  I'm wondering what
Xian and Ryoko could end up doing to each other, especially since Xian
has super powers now.

Kage-Neko:  Shadow Cat
Ha-no-Hi:  Blade of Fire
Ha-no-Kori:  Blade of Ice
Hyo-Kiba:  Leopard Fang
Sora-Taka:  Sky Hawk
Ten-no-Arashi:  Storm of Heaven
*Veerry* tacky, I know, but they sound sort of cool if, like me you
have
a nominal grasp of Japanese and would have to look everything up in a
dictionary to understand.  Apologies to everyone else.
If anyone wants to help me with my Japanese, feel free.

---------------------------------------------------------
Check out our web pages.
www.geocities.com/Tokyo/Field/2272
www.geocities.com/Tokyo/Ginza/3507
---------------------------------------------------------
