Trevor Goodchilde: You're skating the edge...
Aeon Flux: I *am* the edge
   Aeon Flux


Skating the Edge
A TMiL/Ranma 1/2 Crossover
--------------------------------------

"I've died and gone to hell and my punishment is to spend eternity in high school!" the
young man wailed as he checked his face in a mirror to make sure it was all properly in
place. He'd somehow lost the tie that held his hair back  in the trip to this place and he
wanted to be sure he hadn't lost anything else.

 "Would you knock it off?" A man with well groomed dark hair and baby blue eyes demanded.
His cobalt blue eyes narrowed as he looked into the stranger's hypnotic and exotic eyes
which were slate grey in color and gave the boy a demonic appearance. "You don't think you
can just waltz in here and take all my admirers from me?"

"I would be difficult to take you from yourself." The boy remarked as he turned and
strolled out of the boy's bathroom, leaving his would-be rival contemplating himself in
the now vacant mirror.

Mikado Sanzenine had been , in his mind at least, the most popular boy in class,
particularly with the girls...

... at least until *he* came along.

The new student had just shown up, out of the blue as far as he knew, not that he paid
much attention to the comings and goings of most of the boys in the school. Girls were his
forte and they were what he paid attention to.

Boys held no interest and he was beginning to see that there might be a folly in this. In
ignoring boys in general, he had let a rival slip in under his nose.

The boy was the worst kind of rival. A bishonen! His complexion was perfect, too perfect
in Mikado's opinion, if a bit pale, his hair cascaded down his back and over his shoulders
in a luxurious chestnut brown mane which made some of the girls swoon when the wind played
with it.

"I wonder which part of Heaven he comes from." A girl remarked within earshot of Mikado as
he left the bathroom. "He's so cute!" 
"Indeed. He's the most adorable boy on the face o fthis Earth." 
Mikado beamed. At least he still had some admirers. 
"And those eyes of his..." the first girl continued swooned. "Have you ever seen anything 
so beautiful?" 
"AAAAARGH!" Mikado yelled. Enough was enough! He stormed through the 
school like a juggernaut until he was directly behind the boy who was the new center of 
attention at Kolhotz High. He yanked the boy's hair back untilthe boy was looking 
straight up at him. 
"I would advise you to leave this school as soon as possible. Preferably right now." 
"I have just as much right to be here as you do." The boy replied, firmly. "In fact, 
since I tend to keep my mind on my studies instead of on myself, I probably have more of 
a right than you do." 
"Kolhotz High is MY territory." Mikado snarled getting in the boy's face so closely that 
they were almost kissing. "Got any smart remarks about that?" 
"Yeah." The boy replied. "Your breath stinks." he reached behind himself quietly, as he 
was speaking, grabbed the lapels of Mikado's shirt, and threw him right out the window.
Lt. Trakal
Operative of the Galaxy Police SIU
