Elizith Comes: Search for the Lugia (Part Two)

The new kid wakes up Yugi

By Katherine "Suicune" Lindroth

Disclaimer:  I do not own any of these characters, they either belong to
Pioneer and AIC or Nintendo

Sasami quickly ran after the large dog, "You can't capture Yugi!  She's a
living thing!" Sasami yelled as she jumped onto the dog.
"Rarrrrrrrrrrrr!" The dog reared up and threw Sasami down onto the ground.
"That is enough! Matori, heal!" Elizith raced up to the giant dog and looked
over at Sasami, "You said that Lugia is a girl, kid?"
Sasami got up and answered, "No, what is Lugia? I was talking about Yugi,
one
of my friends.  She lives up there."
"Oh God well than I'm sorry for scaring you, I swear that you said Lugia."
Elizith apologized.
"But who exactly are you?" Asked Tenchi (Who was just coming to it)
" My name is Elizith, I come from the world of pokemon, a pokemon is like
the
two creatures you see behind me," Elizith gestured to the two pokemon,
"Hinnasei, the one with the flaming back, is a Typlosion. And Matori, the
big
dog, is a Suicune."
"You give your poke-ums names?" Asked Ayeka with awe in her voice.
"Yes, and I have three other pokemon with me," Elizith said, "Tokimi,
Tsunami, Washu! I choose all of you!"
Elizith threw three more pokeballs and out came a dorky yellow thing
(Tsunami) a small black cat with one ear(Washu) and a Phoenix(Tokimi)
"I have been trying hard to find, Lugia, the pokemon I mistook from your
friend, can I visit Yugee or whatever her name is?"
"Yeah!" Sasami said happily.
"But can I just go with you?"
"Uh-okay"
Elizith called back her pokemon and walked with Sasami.
"You say that I remind you of Yugee?"
"Yes," Sasami said "I'll show you her when we get to the shrine."
"What do you mean?"
"She's been asleep."
"For how long?"
"Only for two months."
"Did she fall on her head?"
"No, uh, how come one of your pokemon can talk and the others can't?" Sasami
quickly changed the subject.
"Oh you mean Hinnasei? She was my first pokemon, she wanted to learn how to
speak so I taught her, but don't be surprised if she screws up on a word or
two." Elizith said.
Sasami and Elizith both walked into the cave that held Yugi. Elizith was
amazed.
"W-wow! She looks exactly like me!" Elizith looked over at Sasami who had
turned quiet.
"You want her to wake up?"
"Yes."
"Then give her this." Elizith started to dig around in a backpack she was
carrying.
This was actually the first time Sasami actually saw the strange matter of
what was Elizith's clothes; (Which look like they belong to the Digimon
Emperor) they looked like solid liquid.
Elizith pulled out a greenish-blue berry
"What is it?"
"A mint berry that will wake up anything!"
Sasami fed the berry to Yugi, she started to twitch, she slowly opened her
eyes.

To be continued

Next:Sasami learns about Elizith's terrible past and learns why Yugi and
Elizith look alike.  Then, Yugi remembers something about silver, a silver
wing, and where to find it.

