Eltiron Dragon Ball Muyo
Chapter I
Dimensional Shifts

Disclaimer: The Dragon Ball Z characters
and the Tenchi Muyo characters are not 
mine, I am making no money off of them 
and the only characters that are mine 
are Eltiron and the people of Eventine.  


	Eltiron sat up in bed, drenched in sweat, from the horrible dream 
that had haunted his sleep.  He put a leg over the side of his bed and 
sat up, the silk sheets sliding off his robe covered body.  He knew he 
would get no more sleep tonight, so he stood up and walked to the 
wardrobe, which was against the stone wall of his enormous room, which 
was full of treasures, silk curtains, clothing, and bed coverings, and 
richly carved chairs. 
	When Eltiron opened the wardrobe, he pulled out one of his fine 
made cotton shirt and pants, which were covered with rich colors and 
gold shingles. This was the only clothes of his, which wasn't rich silk. 
As Eltiron got dressed, he thought of how much he hated being prince, 
and first heir to the throne. Though he was proud of who he was, he 
didn't like all the responsibility, and he didn't like to be overly 
prideful, like his father wanted him to be.
	But today he would change that, this very night that he walked. 
Eltiron put on his shoes and walked out the door. It was too risky to 
walk through the palace with all the guards on nightly patrol, so 
Eltiron decided to use one of his powers, for he was a Sorcerer. A 
bright yellow light surrounded him, and when it faded away, he found 
himself in front of the Forest of Galahad. Eltiron smirked, feeling 
relieved that he was finally out of the palace, and his Father, 
Eventine. 
	He started his walk to the forest, passing huge Fire trees, of 
which the leaves that were full grown blazed eternally, Lightning trees, 
which at touch shocked you, easily recognizable by it's sharp looks, and 
ice trees, which were Eternally Frozen, and regular trees, of which did 
not interest Eltiron. But soon Eltiron found that there were only Normal 
trees, all around, no more fire in the night, of trees with sharp looks, 
or any that gave off a cold wind. 
	Eltiron soon walked out of the Forest and found himself a few feet 
away from a strange house, made of wood, so it must not be very rich, 
but it had windows, which was interesting because even castles rarely 
had windows. Eltiron walks towards the house, recognizing further that 
it had strange light gleaming through the windows, which was not 
candlelight. Feeling strangeness about this place, but somehow he knew 
he was welcome her, he walked over to the door and knocked. Eltiron 
heard footsteps, coming lightly off the ground, and a little girl opened 
the door.
	"Hello," Eltiron said pleasantly, "May I speak the owner of this 
household?"
	"Yea, sure," she said, smiling, "I'll get Tenchi now." She offered 
him to step into the house. Eltiron stepped inside and bowed, being 
polite to this girl, even though he felt that she contained power beyond 
his comprehension. She ran off, and Eltiron listened until her footsteps 
couldn't be heard, then he sat down on a couch, which was placed in 
front of a strange devise, with a screen of glass and plastic covering 
the rest. He marveled at this until he saw a very beautiful girl fly 
through a wall. She had a greenish-grayish hair color which was spiked 
back, and he sensed some power in her too.
	Eltiron stood and bowed to her, respectfully, but she seemed to 
ignore him, flying past. "Hello?" he said, and she turned.
	"Hello..." she said studying him curiously, then her hand shot out 
and she said, "My name's Ryoko, what's yours?"
	Eltiron took her hand and shook it saying, "My name is Eltiron 
Prince of Eventine." The girl, named Ryoko, then took her hand back and 
left, searching for something. Eltiron noticed a Rebel aura around her, 
mixed in with a criminal, which had gone soft. Everyone her interested 
him so far, and he knew there were more people to come. A little while 
later, the person who the little girl was sent to fetch came in, with 
the girl, and Ryoko, who was looking seductively at him.  The boy was 
talking to her and called her Sasami. Then the boy walked over and 
extended his hand, saying, "Hello, my name's Tenchi, Ryoko here has 
already told me who you are."
	Eltiron took his hand and shook it, and then was shocked by a 
power surge that came from him, but he didn't seem to have control over 
all of it. "I need a place to stay, "Eltiron said, regaining his 
composure.
	"Well, My room is about all we have, so I'll set up another futon 
in there," Tenchi said, Then a closet opened, and out walked a woman 
with long, red spiky hair that seemed to be a little older than the 
girl, and had an aura of genius, mischievousness, and pride.
	She walked up and said," Hello, Eltiron, I'm Washu, the greatest 
scientific genius in the universe!" Eltiron was surprised she knew his 
name but didn't show it. " Will you come with me into my lab for a 
moment." Eltiron nodded and followed her.

		

	Kaflar and a group of Royal Guards walked through the Forest of 
Galahad, tracking Prince Eltiron because of the Kings orders. Kaflar 
would have rather let him think things over alone, but he couldn't 
oppose the king. He held his fists up, ready if any of the magically 
creatures here decided to attack him. His gloves emitted a yellowish 
light that came from a stone embedded in them, which was the source of 
his magical powers, making what he called Thunder Strikers.
	The light glinted off his sturdy frame, slick black hair, crimson 
eyes, and smooth features. As Kaflar jogged ahead of his guards, which 
he commanded, he recognized there were no more magical trees, only 
normal ones. Kaflar slowed his pace, and found himself outside of the 
forest and staring at a house, wondering the same things Eltiron was. It 
wasn't long before the other guards caught up and stopped in shock.
	Their silver uniforms glinting in Kaflar's light, and their staffs 
emitting different colors of light in their hands. The all had staffs, 
for that was the uniform weapon, and couldn't use any other weapons 
unless given permission by Kaflar. Kaflar was the only one who wore 
something different, he wore black robes and a cloak with a black sash. 
Kaflar bent down and looked at the dirt, and deducted that Eltiron went 
to the house.
 	Kaflar turned around and said, "Drakkarn, Crystaline, I want you 
to stay here to help me find Eltiron, the rest of you go to the King and 
tell him we'll bring Eltiron back safely." Three of the guards turned 
and left, and the other two, Drakkarn, who took out his sword and made 
his staff disappear, and Crystaline, who kept her staff but put a more 
powerful stone into it, walked over to him. 
	Drakkarn was an intelligent man who was silent and was very well 
trained, with hazel eyes and green hair, he stood out, but knew how to 
deal with it. Crystaline, a girl who was tougher than she let people 
think for her own safety, her fine brown hair and scarlet eyes shone in 
the light of her stone, her slender body graceful.
	"He went to the house," Kaflar said, "let's go."

		

	Eltiron sat in a chair, which was surprisingly comfortable, 
considering that he had wires connected to various points on his head.
	"Hmm interesting," Washu said, " There are some visitors here from 
your world." Washu typed into a strange phantom keyboard, and Eltiron 
felt knowledge flowing into his head about this world, and everyone 
here, and the concepts of time space and dimension. After a few minutes 
Eltiron felt himself drifting to sleep.
	"There you go Eltiron, and I'll see you again soon." Washu's voice 
echoed, and he was gone.

		

	Just before they reached the door, Kaflar, Drakkarn, and 
Crystaline found themselves in an enormous room, dimly lit, filled with 
interesting animals in tanks, and with strange metal objects made of 
glass, metal, and everything else. They're weapons were gone and they 
were now falling into the same sleep Eltiron had been overcome by.

		

Washu watched the monitor, and Eltiron's Memory was now what she 
watched. The royal guard's memories weren't very interesting, but 
Eltiron's was a different story entirely. 
Eltiron's Father was now carrying him through a dark dank hallway, 
and into a chamber with a wooden chamber in the center. His Father set 
Eltiron down and reached into his sash and pulled out seven stones. The 
stones were of Energy, Laser, Fire, Water, Earth, Thunder, and Dark, the 
most powerful of the basic stones. Fathomcrim, Eltiron's father set the 
stones on various points on Eltiron's body, Dark stone for the head, 
Energy for the neck, Laser for the chest, Fire for the right palm, 
Thunder for the left palm, and Ice and Earth for the ankles.
Then his father, Fathomcrim, reached into his sash again and 
pulled out a pearly white stone. Fathomcrim held the stone up high and 
focused on the energy of it, then a blinding white light emitted from 
it, and then there were no more stones, but actually the stones had be 
made into seven parts of his soul, with the Light stone, also known as 
the Mysterious Stone, connecting them.
As Washu watched the torment and suffering of the life of Eltiron, 
and Eltiron not complaining, a tear ran down her cheek.

