Eltiron Dragon Ball Muyo
Chapter II
Z Warriors

	Eltiron balanced on one of the wooden pegs that stuck up from the 
ground, and chose his steps carefully. He then decided a path and 
flipsed up, swinging the wooden sword in his hand into Tenchi's gut, 
then landing behind him. Tenchi then turned and swung at Eltiron's 
head, but Eltiron ducked and swung, tripping Tenchi. 
Tenchi got his balance back, and hit Eltiron in the side. 
Recoiling, Eltiron moved from peg to peg in a circle around Tenchi with 
astounding agility and hit Tench in the back, then Eltiron flipped back 
and landed on the tip of his toe. Tenchi turned on his peg and jumped 
over, kicking Eltiron in the gut, and bringing his sword down on 
Eltiron's head, but Eltiron moved just in time to evade the blow.
Then Eltiron swung down and hit Tenchi in the head. 'I beat you 
Tenchi," Eltiron said, not trying to brag, but to be friendly.
"Yep ya sure did," Tenchi said, in the same fashion as Eltiron. 
Then grandfather stepped out.
"Great job both of you, and I expect to see you again towmorrow 
at noon," Grandfather said, in a serious fashion, "Oh and Washu is 
looking for you Eltiron."
Eltiron and Tenchi sweatdropped, for they both knew what Washu 
was up to. They walked down the stairs towgether, and Eltiron thought 
this was a good time to ask Tenchi something. "Tenchi, may I see your 
Jurian Sword," Eltiron asked.
"Well.I don't see why not," Tenchi said and handed Eltiron the 
sword. 
Eltiron held it and focused on it, drawing power from Ryoko's 
crystal's inside of it, and the sword burst to life.
Tenchi looked Eltiron, astonished, and said, "Only people of 
Jurian blood can operate that.how'de you."
Washu then popped up and saw Eltiron with the sword, but she 
wasn't surprised. "I knew you would be able to, because of the way you 
draw powers from the stones also draws power from my daughter's 
crystals," Wahsu said.
Eltiron was as shocked as Tenchi, but he regained his composure, 
released the power, and gave the sword to Tenchi. He then walked over 
to Washu and she transported him to her lab.

		

Kaflar, Crystaline, and Drakkarn stood watching three golden 
specks, gleaming golden energy trails behind, with gold hair, eyes and 
eyebrows, come closer, until the landed. The biggest one looked 
friendly, well-muscled, and powerful. The shortest was almost as 
powerful as the biggest, and looked mean and menacing, and the Last one 
was a friendly kid, by the looks as old as Eltiron, but as powerful as 
the others.
The biggest and most powerful stepped forward and greeated them 
saying, "Hello, my name is Goku, that's Vegeta," he pointed to the 
shortest, "and that's Trunks," he pointed to the last one, "and we were 
wondering if you knew where the Capsule corporation was?"
"Yes this idiot got us lost," Vegeta said, and Goku sweat-
dropped.
"There's no such thing in this dimension," Crystaline said in a 
friendly voice.
"What do you mean this dimension," Trunks asked curiosly. Then 
Kaflar and Crystaline launched into the story about their arrival, with 
Drakkarn correcting their mistakes. 

		

	Eltiron stood in a strange, open spaced chamber Washu had put him 
into. He heard the noise of machines running and suddenly light blazed 
in the chamber. But it was no ordinary light that illuminated the room, 
it was Eltiron's soul, and the stones imbedded in it. All the colors 
showed brightly but brightest of all was the whitness that surrounded 
all of it, and inside it.
	Eltiron reached into all the light, and pulled out the power in 
it. Suddenly the room blazed a golden light, and Eltiron felt himself 
changing. He crouched in pain as he faelt pain rack his body, then two 
great wings sprouted from his back, and he changed completely into an 
amazing creature that no one had ever set eyes on before, he bacame an 
Angel. Eltiron opened the door and walked out.
	Washu stood in front of him speachless. It was When Eltiron faded 
back to normal that she regained herself. Everything disappeared, exept 
for his wings, so he folded them and they became invisible.
	"Eltiron, that's all the testing for today," Washu said, as if 
she had seen enough to last her a lifetime of awe. Eltiron left and 
walked to the front yard. He looked around and saw his guards talking 
to some strangers.
	"Hello," Eltiron said to the gold colored strangers, who reminded 
him aof his angel form.
	"Well it looks like you'll be staying her for a while, so you can 
have the last room we have, until Washu is able to get you back home," 
Tenchi said, and everyone suddenly noticed him and recognized he had 
been standing behind them the whole time, and the Z Warriors introduced 
themselves.

		

	Eltiron lay in bed awake, but not knowing why, onlt knowing that 
he wouldn't be getting any sleep soon. Eltiron got up and walked out of 
the room, being careful not to disturb anyone, and he went into the 
living room and saw Washu typing at her computer. Eltiron sat down 
beside her, and she turned off her holo-computer when she saw who it 
was.
	"Hello Eltiron, I couldn't sleep so I decided to stay up. Did I 
disturb you?" Washu asked, genuinly concerned.
	"No, I couldn't sleep either," Eltiron said, and he knew why he 
couldn't sleep. Washu moved closer to him and looked into the depths of 
his eyes. Eltiron did the same, and slowly leened down and tenderly 
kissed her. She joined in on the kiss, wrapping her slender arms around 
him, while he wrapped his around her. 
	Eltiron spread his wings out, making them visible, and flapped 
them, gliding him and Washu to the front door. Washu let go and steped 
back, then grabed his hand and led him outside. Eltiron spread his 
wings to full length, held Washu close against him, and jumped into the 
air, gracefully flapping his wings unil he reached a thermal, then 
gliding.

		

	Vegeta was the first to wake up. He stood and flew out the window 
to do a little training, powering up to Super Sayan. Then he saw 
Eltiron and Washu kissing, then Washu walking inside. Vegeta smiled, 
thinking of how he and Bulma were, then he flew down to where Eltiron 
was. 
	"Hey, Eltiron, come see if you're a match to a great super 
sayan," Vegeta said challenginly. 
	"Yeah, sure, I'll let you loose," Eltiron said, already drawing 
power from his soul.
	"We'll see about tha." Vegeta said, but was cut off because he 
sensed Eltiron's power level rising at great speed.
	"Yes we will see," Eltiron said, and unfolded his wings, then 
bacame Angel again. Eltiron then flew into the air and plummeted, 
taking out his sword as he fell, then slashed at Vegeta, but Vegeta 
moved. Vegeta was then upon him, punching and kicking as Eltiron 
blocked every one. Eltiron pulled up his Fire Energy and used Fire 
Pummel, and his fists turned on fire as he rapidly punched Vegeta, also 
using his Lightning power to quicken his spead, and use his dark power 
to teleport away.
	Vegeta looked around, trying to find Eltiorn, then settled down 
and sensed Eltiron right behind him. Vegeta powered up, spun, and used 
Final Flash on Eltiron, shooting a white colored Energy Beam at 
Eltiron, but Eltiron summoned his greatest power, from the white stone, 
and grabbed the beam. Vegeta looked at Eltiron in amazment as Eltiron 
sucked up the energy.
	Vegeta powered up even more and moved in superb speed, going 
behind Eltiron, and Summoning up power for his next attack as he went. 
Eltiron used the Thunder stone to speed his reflexes and eyesight, then 
charged with alll the stones, ready for Vegeta.
	"BIG BANG," Vegeta yelled and shot humongous energy at Eltiron, 
but Eltiron was too quick and he sucked it up with the light stone. 
Eltiron then flew up and over Vegeta, summoned all his power from all 
the stones, including the light stone and the power it sucked up, and 
shot it all at Vegeta, senfing him to the ground, making a giant 
crater. Eltiron glided down, and now everyone was there watching.
	"Who's that?" Mihoshi asked Kiyoni.
	"Eltiron, he is a new visitor," Kiyoni said.
	"He's good, but he's nothing compared to Tenchi," Ryoko said.
	"For once we agree Ryoko," Aeka said.
	Then the other Z Warriors ran up and gave Vegeta a green bean 
which restored his energy.
	"I'm sorry about that Vegeta," Eltiron said, already human again 
with his wings folded.
	"Save your sympathy for somone who needs it," Vegeta said 
moodily.
	Eltiron shrugged and walked back into the house, feeling bothered 
by everyone staring, and walked into Washu's Lab.
	"Hello Washu," Eltiron said smiling.
	"Hello Eltiron," Washu said, walking over and hugging him, 
"Congragulations on your fight with Vegeta."
	"Thanks," Eltiron said, and walked over to one of the machines 
and turned it on. It was a Dimension break finder, which could also 
sense people leaving and entering the dimensions. Eltiron typed in a 
few codes and saw someone coming from his Dimension, alone.
	"Father," Eltiron whispered.

		

	Eltiron ran outside, all the 
