 Yet again, I don't own any of these characters. I think Pioneer does. Don't sue 
me!                                                                      

                              No Need for McDougals

"If you don't mind my asking, what is the Shangri-La?" questioned Ayeka. "The 
Shangri-La is a ship owned by Ron McDougal," replied Suzuka," a man who has it 
in for Gene, and vice versa. Now, would you happen to have any tea?"  Sasami 
brightened. "Yes, come with me," she said happily," I'll make some for 
everyone!"
     Melfina sat in the room that Washu had created for her out of a broom 
closet. I was deceptively large. She wondered how they had gotten here, She 
alone had remained conscious during the crash. She remembered a swirling vortex, 
but where had it come from? Aisha interrupted her thoughts. "How many times do I 
have to call you? Have you gone deaf?"
"Sorry, Aisha, I was just thinking."
"Well, anyway, there's this huge bath thing that Washu made out of a bathroom. 
The rest of the girls are using it. Wanna come?"
"Alright." As Melfina sank into the hot water, she thought to herself, "This 
place isn't that bad."
Unbeknownst to them, the McDougals had landed outside Tokyo. The ship was still 
running, and they were going all out to find Gene. "Harry, where are they?" "I 
don't know yet. What do I look like, a machine?" "Well..." "Forget I said that. 
Found em! 30 miles east, in a place called Okayama."
 Gene was relaxing on the hull of the ship, as Jim and Washu were tinkering with 
it. "You know, you could try helping." Jim yelled. "I am helping," replied Gene, 
"I'm looking out for trouble." And trouble was just what they found, for at the 
moment Gene said this, a big yellow spaceship stopped overhead. "Oh no, It's the 
McDougal Brothers!" yelled Jim. "What are they doing here!!?" In a flash, Gene 
had jumped off the hull and was running to the bridge. As Jim was pointing out 
that they needed Melfina, or the ship wouldn't fly, Ryoko suddenly appeared. The 
other girls were running up behind her. "Need some help?" "Yeah," Jim said, "We 
need Melfina to fly, and we are still seriously damaged from the crash." "No 
prob, we all have our own ship." " Hey," Gene asked, " How'd you get down here 
so fast?" "Mind-link." Washu stated simply. Melfina chose that time to arrive, 
and was amazed by the sight of Ryo-oki, the little cabbit, turning into a deadly 
looking spaceship. Ayeka had a ship with a large tree that ran through mind-
link. Sasami had Tsunami, and Tenchi had the Light Hawk Wings. Kiyone and 
Mihoshi had Yugami, a ship similar to the Outlaw star, and Washu rode with 
Ryoko. The array of ships rivaled the armada of the Ctarl-Ctarl Empire. "Think 
we can take 'em, Harry?" "Yeah, let's get 'em."
"Surrender," Ayeka told them, "and we will have no reason to harm you."
"Yeah right!" Harry called as they opened fire.
"Hey! That's it, you're dead!" yelled Ryoko. She blasted past them and turned on 
a dime, but her exceptional maneuverability was no match for the McDougal's 
unexpected grappler attack. "Ryoko! Washu! Ryo-okkiiii! " Sasami cried as Ryo-
oki spiraled away into the trees. Ron took advantage of Sasami's distraction by 
mounting an attack. "Sasami! Watch out!" Ayeka screamed. Sasami turned around 
just in time to see the Shangri-La's grappler arms take hold of the hull and 
slingshot her into the trees. "Sasami!" Ayeka cried. "You'll pay for that!" She 
screamed at Ron. She tried to ram the ship, but was blown away when the 
McDougals whipped out their second pair of grappler arms, armed with a blaster. 
"Ayeka! Ryoko! Sasami! Washu!" Tenchi sped off in the direction they had fallen, 
leaving Mihoshi and Kiyone to face off with the McDougals. "Heh. Now we'll show 
them the strength of the military."


Meanwhile, on the Outlaw Star...

"Systems are in the yellow."
"How long until they're green?" 
"Approximately 4.7 minutes."
The crew heard the entire battle. Melfina's eyes filled with tears as Sasami was 
thrown aside. She shook with rage at the idea of harming a child. As they were 
approaching the green, they heard Kiyone and Mihoshi's voices over the radio.
"Heh. Now we'll show them the strength of the military." They heard them say.
"Huh. Where have we heard that before?"

To Be Continued...

*grumble* I don't know why I didn't think of this before...*grumble* Oh, what? 
The tape's rolling? Oh, shit! Well, anyway, this glory-hog finally let me 
narrate, isn't that right, Tenchi?"
"Yes, that's-HELP! HE'S GOT A GUN! SEND-
"Shut up! So anyway, on the next episode, Yugami and the Outlaw Star face off 
against the Shangri-La. Who'll win? Find out on the next episode of Enter the 
Outlaws, 'No Need for Grappler Fights'! You better get ready!"
"*help...me...*"
"Shut UP!"


