
    ---------------------------------------------------------------------
          Disclaimer: I don't own these characters so PLEASE don't sue me!

                                                 No Need For Outlaws

"We're all outta ammo in the right grappler arm!"
"Switching to blade. Oh!"
"What!!"
"Multiple missiles approaching from all directions. 20 seconds to impact!"
"Firing anti-missiles!"
"Moron! I'm gonna get you!"
Gene, Jim, Melfina, Aisha, and Suzuka were locked in deadly combat with the
Shangri-
La. As it were, the McDougals were winning.
"Come on, Melfina, give up. I don't wanna destroy you." Harry's voice came
over the
speaker.
"I thought you were dead!" yelled Jim.
Suddenly, a huge explosion rocked the ship. The Outlaw Star was being drawn
into a
swirling vortex. "rrraAUGGG", Gene yelled in frustration as they were sucked
in. The
last thing he saw was a field before the impact of the crash knocked him
out.
Melfina, however, protected by the liquid in her tube, stayed conscious.

Meanwhile.

Tenchi Musaki was on his way to the shrine when he saw a huge red spaceship
crash into
the carrot field. "Not again!" he said to himself. The sound of the crash
brought the girls
running from the house. They followed Tenchi as he made his way to the
field. "I wonder
who it could be this time." Ayeka wondered aloud. They approached the ship,
and
cautiously opened the door.

" Gene, wake up! Gilliam, I can't get out!" Melfina cried. "The top of your
tube was
damaged. I am working on it. Oh my. There is someone attempting to gain
entry."
"Let them in. Maybe they can help."

Tenchi and the girls entered the spaceship to find a small pink cylinder
with eyes and
arms. To their surprise, it began speaking! "You are not registered crew
members. Who
are you?" "What's going on around here!?" Tenchi yelled. "Who are you? Where
is the
crew?" "My name is Gilliam," it replied, " And I am the fastest, most
advanced ship in
the galaxy. Most of the crew is currently unconscious. Follow me." Although
confused,
the group followed the small pink robot-thing to what seemed to be the
bridge. ("What a
strange ship," commented Ayeka") The only light was a pinkish glow from a
cylinder in
the back, which no one took much notice of, until.
"Thank goodness someone came," said a voice from behind them. They turned to
see a
scantily-clad girl floating in the cylinder. Tenchi blushed and turned away.
"Hey, what
are ya doing in there?" asked Ryoko. "I'm trapped," said the girl, "please,
are my friends
alright?
Meanwhile, Aisha was coming around. She woke to find a girl with blonde hair
two
inches from her nose. She yelled and jumped in surprise. Her yell brought
the others to
consciousness. "Aisha, would you keep it down?" mumbled Gene, still dazed.
"Oh, thank
goodness you're all right!" exclaimed Melfina from her tube. Meanwhile the
blonde girl
was pulling Aisha's tail. " Is this real?" "Hey, who are you and what do you
think you're
doing?!" "Oh, I'm First-Class Detective Mihoshi of the Galaxy Police, and
I'm trying to
see if your tail is real." "Of course it's real, you twit!!"
"Hey, can we hold this 'till after we get Melfina out?" Gene called. "Get
her out, huh,"
Ryoko said. "Stand back." "Oh no you don't!" Washu cried. "You'll vaporize
her and the
bridge. Let me handle this." She said this a little too late, however, since
Suzuka had
already cut Melfina out. "Hey, nice work, Suzu!"
"For the last time, Aisha, DON'T CALL ME SUZU!"
"Can you please continue this outside?" asked Gilliam," you are making it
hard for me to
run maintenance."
"Boy, is he a pain in the ass, or what?" Ryoko asked.
"You're telling me."
"I am not a pain in the ass. I am Gilliam, the galaxy's most- where are you
going?"
Outside the Outlaw Star, introductions were going on.
"I'm Gene Starwind. This kid here is Jim Hawking"-
"Hey, who you calling a kid?"
"You. Whatsamatter, your ears broken?"
"Hey, at least I'm not a womanizing sleazeball like you."
They glared at each other. Melfina giggled and Suzuka just shook her head.
"Sorry, they get like that sometimes. They really are good friends. By the
way, I'm
Melfina, she is Suzuka, and the one with the tail and large ears is Aisha."
"Hi, I'm Tenchi."
"I'm Mihoshi!"
"I'm Sasami!"
"I'm Detective First-Class Kiyone."
"My name is Princess Ayeka."
"You can call me Little Washu."
"I'm Ryoko, the famous space pirate," said a woman with spiky grey hair.
Before anyone knew what was happening, Gene had his caster against Ryoko's
throat.
You're a Kei pirate," he growled. "What are you talking about!?" "You know
perfectly
well what I'm talking about." "Everybody cut it out!" Tenchi yelled, making
everyone
stare at him. "Just relax! Put the gun down!" "But she's a Kei pirate!"
"Gene."
"Melfina?"
"I don't think she is. Put down the castor."
"Ok"
Ryoko was wondering who these people really were. Their names didn't really
cover
their personalities. "The second he takes this gun off my throat, I'm gonna
blast him," she
thought to herself. Tenchi, however, expected that she would do that. "And
you, Ryoko,
don't go blasting anyone." After the red-haired man called Gene took his
REALLY big
gun off her throat, she whined, "but Tenchi, he threatened me." "Sorry about
that," he
said nervously, rubbing the back of his head," I thought you were a Kei
pirate. We have
really bad luck with pirates." Suddenly, his ear started talking! Ryoko was
confused until
she realized it was the voice of that pain in the ass robot. "Ah, an ear
communicator!"
exclaimed Washu. "Gene," Gilliam said, "sensors indicate that we are no
longer in our
present time." "What!?" "That's not all. Sensors also indicate that the
Shangri-La is also
in this time." "Great," groaned Jim, "more bad news.'

To Be Continued

This is Tenchi speaking. Who are these strange people? What's the
Shangri-La? Why is
that computer such a pain in the ass? Find out the answers to two out of
three questions
on the next episode, "No Need for McDougals"
"You better get ready!"
"Hey, Gene, narrate your own ending!"
"But I always get to narrate!"
"Yeah, well you're on my show now so too bad."
"Awww, man! Oh, fine. Geez, glory hog"
"What was that? Don't make me come over there!"
"Fine, I'm going, I'm going"
