I don't own these characters, so DON'T SUE ME! You wouldn't get anything anyway, 
as I am broke.

                No Need for Grappler Fights

"Systems are green, but we are almost out of ammo."
"Alright then, let's GO!!!"
"Gene!" Kiyone called over the radio, "let's attack 'em at the same time."
"You got it!" 
The Outlaw Star blasted forward and locked grappler arms with the Shangri-La. As 
the Outlaw Star busied one pair of arms, Yugami distracted the others. It had 
exceptionally powerful blasters, but not much maneuverability, and it was caught 
in a barrage of shots. 
It started to smoke and hit the trees. Suddenly, anchors shot out of the 
Shangri-La and latched onto the hull of the ship.
"No! Stay away!" Melfina cried before powering down.
"No!" Gene yelled. "Keyline project activate: breakfast is served with a silver 
spoon!" 
Melfina didn't respond.
       Harry glided up to Melfina in cyberspace.
"Don't worry. As soon as I destroy Gene, we can be together."
Melfina shook with rage. She had put her arms down at her sides, her fists 
clenched so 
hard that her fingernails drew blood. She was staring downward.
"How dare you?" she whispered, a tear silently falling.
"How DARE you?!!" she screamed at Harry. "You harm a child, a child, Harry. You 
threaten my friends. You destroy innocent lives, and you expect me to love you?"
"Come on, I love you."
"No, you don't. You are an obsessed, demented shell of a human being. You are 
incapable of real love."
"Why don't you understand!?" Harry cried, smacking Melfina across the face.
She lifted her head to look at him. She said in a cold, hard voice, "Go. Stay 
away. You 
can't touch me."
Suddenly, before Harry's eyes, her form disappeared as she was drawn back to the 
real 
world.
"Thank goodness." Gene said, "I've been trying to reactivate you for almost five 
minutes. 
Are you OK?" 
"Yeah," she replied, "Yeah, I'm fine. Let's get 'em."
"That's my girl!" 
        Meanwhile, on the ground, Tenchi was checking that everyone was ok. He 
had 
found Sasami, Ayeka, Kiyone, and Mihoshi, but had yet to find Ryoko and Washu. 
After 
searching for almost twenty minutes, he saw them, along with Ryo-oki lying 
unconscious 
in a gap in the trees. He landed and rushed over to Ryoko, while Sasami woke up 
Ryo-
oki, and Ayeka dealt with Washu. Ryoko, you gotta wake up. She stirred and 
looked into 
his eyes. 
"Tenchi?" she asked, still stunned.
"Yeah, it's me. Are you all right?"
Just then, Ayeka came over and started screaming at Ryoko. 
"What are you doing?! Get away from Lord Tenchi, you shameless hussy!"
"Hey, he came over to me, miss prissy princess!"
Suddenly, the events of about half an hour ago came rushing back to her. She 
remembered why she was unconscious in a field. 
"Where are those McDougals? I'm gonna get them."
"They're still fighting with the Outlaw Star, but all our ships are out of 
commission," 
voiced a now-conscious Washu, amazingly already typing furiously on her 
computer.
"Okay, I'm gonna phase up there and take 'em out from the inside."
"Be careful," Sasami whispered after her as she sped off in the direction of the 
ships.
     Ryoko decided she'd better warn Gene and them, in case they destroyed the 
ship while 
she was on it. She phased through the hull.
"Hey, Gene!" she called from the hall, as she made her way onto the bridge. 
"How'd you get in here?"
"I phased. Well, anyway, I'm gonna phase onto the McDougal's ship and get them 
from 
the inside-"
"Not the first time." Jim interrupted. Ryoko glared at him, and he shrank back 
in his seat.
"As I was saying before I was so rudely interrupted." She glared at Jim. " Can 
you 
distract them?"
"Yeah, yeah, whatever."
Ryoko phased out of the Outlaw Star and onto the Shangri-La. She snuck 
cautiously 
through the halls, until she found the bridge. She quietly formed an energy 
sword, and 
jumped out onto the bridge. "Hah! Now I got ya!" she cried, and slammed the 
sword into 
the control panel.
"No! Harry!"
     Meanwhile, on the Outlaw Star, the crew was putting up a great fight. 
"This is what you get for harming a half-cat!" That was Aisha, of course. 
"Suddenly, the Shangri-La stopped fighting, and began to list and fall. Ryoko 
phased out 
just as the ship crashed into the trees.
    Later that day, everyone was discussing the previous battle. Aisha was in a 
heated 
discussion with Ryo-oki, about their respective transformations. Of course, only 
they 
knew this, as no one else could understand their meows. Sasami laughed at the 
sight, and 
Gene just shook his head.
"So, Ryoko, what exactly did you do on board the ship?" Suzuka asked. 
"I snuck up to the bridge, formed an energy sword, and slashed up the control 
panel."
Melfina looked into the sunset. "Goodbye, Harry." she thought.
"Melfina! Are you gonna stand their all night?"
"Oh! No, I'm coming!"

To Be Continued

This is Ayeka speaking. On the next episode, something surprising, or not so 
surprising, 
depending on who you are, happens between two certain characters. Also, the 
mystery of 
the swirling vortex is revealed. Please be kind enough to join us on the next 
episode of 
Enter The Outlaws: No need for Goodbyes. It's undoubtedly surprising.
