Eternity War

This is my first crossover Fanfic, so bear with me.  I don't kill off characters 
for the fun of it, nor do I use random character violence.  (Aka, everything in 
this has a point, just may not be obvious at first.)

Mail all C&C to starstrike@geocities.com

Tenchi Muyo and Teknoman are both copyright (and probably registered) by their 
respective owners.  It is not this author's intent to interfere with this 
copyright in anyway.

Prelude to Conflict:

Chapter 1:  Lights in the Darkness

        Darkness...
        A light flickers briefly in the distance...
        Growing, the light becomes a ship...
        
The ship stops approaching a some distance.  Flashes appear around it.  From the 
look of it, a battle is going on.

        <Lord, I believe that you should see this.>
        <You know it is best not to disturb me...>
        <Of course my lord.  But the probe has detected something.>
        <Excellent!  Place it on the view screen.>

The battle abates.  For several moments, all is quiet.

        <Apparently the ship had no trouble defeating its opponents.>
        <Yes my lord.  Shall I continuing tracking it?>
        <Please do.  I wish to know the motives of the person who commands that 
ship.>
        <Of course my lord.  Shall I have the probe approach closer?>
        <Yes.  Perhaps this is the source of the Energy that we detected 
earlier.>
        <Ill initiate the scan...>

The ship cruises away from the wreckage.  The view swings after it, slowly.  A 
piece of scrap strikes the view-screen.  The letters GP can be seen on it.  The 
ship travels through space, finally arriving at a blue-green planet.

        <The ship has entered an orbit around that planet.>
        <Has the scan been completed?>
        <Yes, my lord.  We have detected one life form and an energy signature.>

Time passes.  Finally, the ship moves away form the planet.

        <The ship has resumed movement.  We are now detecting two life forms and 
an energy      signature.>
        <What is that coming from the planet?>
        <Apparently a set of two ships.  One seems to previously been damaged, 
and has been linked      with the other.  Lord, I am detecting the energy source 
coming from the second ship.>
        <Monitor the situation...>

The ship is attacked by the pursuing ship.  During the battle, the pursuing ship 
is heavily damaged by the first ship.

        <Lord, the energy source has dropped dramatically in power.>
        <Was it the ship, or someone on board?>
        <The energy source has vanished, Lord.>
        <Damn!!!  Continuing tracking the first ship.>

The pursuing ship slams into the first ship.  The image distorts.

        <A massive energy surge has been detected, my lord!>
        <Incredible!>

A third ship materializes on the scene.

        <Lord, the energy source has returned.  The new ship appears to have 
similarities in its        energy patterns to your nemeses.>
        <Could she be involved in this?>
        <The energy in the ship has gone off the scales!!!>

A bright flash of light appears along the axes of the First ship, seconds after 
the third ship disappears.

        <The probes scanners have been overloaded!!!>
        <We must find out what happened!>

The ships drifts in space for a time.  All appears to be peaceful.

        <Begin to send the probe in for a closer inspection.>
        <Yes, my lo...>
        <What the!?!?!>

The ship splits in half, directly down the center axis.

        <Lord, the ship has been totally destroyed.>
        <Are there any survivors?>
        <The second ship is moving away, my lord.  There is also another life 
form 200,000      Kilometers form the remains of the ship.  Its life signs are 
failing quickly...>
        <Send the probe to retrieve it!>
        <Retrieval successful.>
        <Have the probe return to the base immediately!>

...

Deep in the bowels of a forgotten planet...

        The figure on the table stirred slightly.  Groaning, it reviewed what 
had happened.  Apparently after his final battle, the auto-retrieve unit that he 
had painstakingly set up had activated.  The figure smiled a little at that.  He 
hadn't gotten it to work before Tenchi and Ayeka had arrived in Ryo-oki.  
Suddenly, voices began to speak in the background.  They seemed to be low and 
monotonous, and sounded metallic.  The figure strained to listen as the two 
voices cut through the silence of the room.
        "Well done..." the first voice spoke in a low, menacing tone.  "The 
scanners had been unable to pick up how badly he was injured.  He seemed to be a 
lost cause when he got here."
        "Thank you lord."  the second voice squawked.  It sounded as if it was 
projected through a loud, squeaky speaker.  "The cellular regeneration process 
was able to restore the subject, even though 72% of his body had been 
disintegrated in his battle."
        "How soon until the process is complete?" asked the first voice.
        "Unknown.  The regeneration process inside the subjects nervous system 
has only been 93% effective." intoned the second voice.  "The subject will be 
able to function, but its mental stability may have suffered."
        "That is of little import to me."  the first voice snapped.  "Awaken 
him!  There are answers that I must have immediately!"
        "Of course Lord Darkon!"
        A cool metal cylinder pressed against the subjects arm.  He took this as 
a good time to open his eyes.  A hiss issued from the cylinder, and the subject 
slowly opened his eyes and looked around.
        The room appeared to have been less built than grown.  Slime oozed on 
the walls, and objects moved slowly farther away.  He was lying in the grip of 
some huge claw that held him firmly.  The claw rotated around, holding him 
tightly and angling itself so he was in a near standing position.  Two metallic 
figure stared at him.  One was broken as misshapen, with an oversized head.  
Pieces of metal emerged from several different areas.  An experiment gone wrong, 
thought the subject.  Perhaps a mutation designed to be more intelligent while 
sacrificing structure?
        The second though, was more impressive.  It stood two feet taller than 
the subject, and was encased in some type of exo-armor.  Spikes jutted from its 
shoulders, and its hands ended in massive claws.  A sleek helm ran over its 
head, joining flawlessly with the chest portion of the armor.  A long cape moved 
gently, with a life of its own.  The warrior stood looking down at him with 
glowing red eyes.  It flexed its hand and strode over towards the chair.  The 
subject had no real appreciation of this creatures power until this moment.
        In that same deadly tone of voice, it said, "What is your name?"
        The subject did not respond.
        The creature repeated again, "What is your name?"
        Still the subject was silent.
        The creature made a gesture to the mutant.  The mutant nodded an pressed 
a portion of the wall.  Suddenly massive surges of electricity surge into the 
subject!  The pain ripped to the very center of his being.  Arcs of electricity 
shot over his body, and smoke rose from his his hair as small portions of it 
caught fire.  As suddenly as it had started, it stopped.
        The creature asked again, "What is your name?  I will continue to 
torture you until you either answer or you die."
        When no answer was forth coming, the creature gestured again.  Once 
again, electricity flashed around the subject.  Screams of pain echoed through-
out the complex.  Light flashed on the helmet of the creature.  It seemed to be 
enjoying itself.
        "What is your name?"
        A whisper "Kagato."
        "And what is your occupation, Mr. Kagato?"
        "I am a scientist."
        "Very few SCIENTISTS possesses battleships like yours."  The creature 
snorted in disbelief.  "Tell me the truth, or you will know pain like no other."
        "I am telling you the truth, you sorry excuse for a trash compactor!"  
Kagato shot back.
        The creature shrugged, and turned around.  Just as Kagato though it was 
going to leave, it spun around a slammed a clenched fist into his stomach.  The 
breath whooshed out of him and he felt one of his ribs break.  The creature 
kneeled down and grabbed his white hair.  It yanked his head and stared him in 
the eye.
        "I may have saved you from a death in space, but than gives you no 
privileges.  I will destroy you if I please, but for now, you will refer to me 
as either 'Master' or 'Master Darkon'.  Is that clear?"
        "Yes."
        "Good.  So Kagato, what happened to your ship?"

...

        The session with Darkon lasted for several hours.  Many times did Kagato 
feel the sting of the energy field, but after ten times he finally told the 
whole of his story.
        "So, you were attempting to tap into this 'Tsunami'."  Darkon said.  
"But this boy Tenchi and his friends managed to defeat you, correct?"
        "Yes, and I do wish to have my revenge on that boy."  Kagato muttered.  
He frowned, for he currently believe that he would no longer be a match for him.
        "You may well get your wish..."  Darkon looked at Kagato.  "My veneomoid 
forces have been driven from another dimension by several traitors inside our 
own group.  I need a base of operations in this dimension, thus having unlimited 
resources to draw upon in my attack on my home dimension.  The boy Tenchi has a 
source of power unknown to us.  We seek to capture him and analyze this pow"
        Kagato cut him off.  "I have tried everything, and I am one of the 
greatest scientists in this galaxy.  What you are seeing is the power of the 
Royal Blood line of Jurai.  No one can duplicate or artificially reproduce that 
power.  Believe me, I have tried."
        Darkon looked at Kagato darkly.  "I do not like being interrupted.  But 
I will let it pass for now.  You do not have access to the types of technology 
that we do.  Using our venemoids, we will attempt to isolate his power and 
discover how it works."  He looked towards the bowels of the room.  "And you 
don't have to understand a power to be able to use it..."
        Kagato let out a guffaw.  "You have never fought this boy.  He will 
defeat anything that you can throw at him.  I had access to one of the greatest 
power sources in the universe, and he still defeated me.  You would have to 
create a powerful weapon, with the power to destroy all he loves before you can 
even touch him!"
        Darkon looked at him.  "Exactly.  That is why we are going to use you 
for this task."
        Kagato was caught completely off guard.  "ME?"
        Suddenly a pod began to slide around the claw that was holding him.  He 
let loose a muffled scream as it engulfed him.  "NO!!!  WHAT ARE YOU DOING!!!  
STOP I  MMMPH MMMPPH!!!"
        Darkon looked at the struggling scientist.  "We shall make you into a 
powerful weapon.  Powerful enough to defeat that boy."
        The pod flashed, and from within came a muffled scream...

...

        The green and black suited figure looked at its hands.  Such power, it 
wasn't possible.  He was magnificent.  Lines of spines ran down the backs of his 
arms, and spikes covered his shoulders.  He clenched his fist around the pipe, 
and was amazed at how easy it crumpled.  His own powers of flight were augmented 
into a special jet pack, and he felt invincible.
        Darkon looked at him approvingly.  "So Kagato, you stand a better chance 
against that boy.  I will be sending other warriors to earth soon, so attempt to 
secure an area for a new base.  in return for your services, you will be granted 
any and all requested research materials."
        Kagato turned to Darkon, the front of his helmet sliding open to reveal 
his face..  "I have two questions.  What is to be done with Tenchi's friends?"
        Darkon shrugged.  "Do what you wish with them."
        An evil grin spread across Kagato's face as he dreamed of "Discussing" a 
few things with Ryoko.  "And how do you want Tenchi delivered to you?"
        Darkon said in a bored voice, "Alive if possible."  He turned to Kagato, 
"Dead, just as good..."

End of First Chapter.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Chapter 2:  Impact!.

As usual, mail all C&C to starstrike@geocities.com

Despite what you may think, I am NOT being cruel to Ryoko, and the battle and 
the reasons for it will become apparent in the next few chapters.  For all the 
Ryoko fans, Ryoko does NOT die.
 
 Ryoko walked down the old beaten path through the forest.  The day had started 
out all right, first with her morning ritual of scaring the socks off of Tenchi
when he woke up.
 "Why can't he realize that I watch over him all night because I love him so?"  
Ryoko though to herself.  She tried to do everything that she could to get Tenchi
to actually NOTICE her, not a a friend but as a person who loved him.  The day had
just gotten worse.  Down at breakfast, she had made her usual morning greetings 
to Sasami out of courtesy for breakfast, and to Tenchi out of love.  Unfortunately,
Ayeka had decided to awaken early, and had walked down the stairs at precisely the
wrong time.  "The girl can be an utter twit at times.  Why cant she just leave 
Tenchi and I alone?"  Ryoko asked herself.  But she knew the answer, just as Ayeka
also knew the answer.  They both loved him, and neither would surrender.  A sigh
escaped Ryoko's lips.
 As usual, Ayeka had gone on her tirade to Tenchi, ending up with Ryoko grabbing 
Tenchi for support in her side of the argument.  Unfortunately, Ayeka had done the
exact same thing, and they had nearly pulled Tenchi's arms out of his sockets.  When
Tenchi had let out a yelp of pain, both of the girls dropped him like a hot coal.
 She had then turned around to berate Ayeka for such foolishness as Ayeka had done 
the same.  "I'd swear they were the same person at times."  Ryoko had overheard Washu
stating.  One thing had lead to another, and now another corner of the Masaki house
had been reduced to rubble.  Ryoko had stalked off after Ayeka accused her of starting
the entire thing.  Well, maybe in a way...
 "Damnit!"  Ryoko yelled, striking a tree with her fist.  Tears glistened in her eyes
as she thought that Tenchi could die of old age before she and Ayeka could work this
out.  And there was that damn Tsunami who could steal Tenchi out from under both their
noses...  No!  She couldn't afford to be like this.  She had always thought that crying
was a true show of weakness, and tried very hard to never do it.  It was just so
frustrating!  She had watched over Tenchi through his entire life, and Ayeka had come
and buried all that.  Now she had to win Tenchi from Ayeka soon, or she might loose
him forever.
 What were the problems that Ayeka and Tenchi kept telling her about?  Mainly how
irresponsible she was.  Well, perhaps...  Mainly she had been in so few circumstances
where she had NEEDED to be responsible that she really didn't know how.  Wait a second!
I can show that wind bag Ayeka!  Perhaps that damaged section of the house would come in
useful after all.  She would go back and repair it, and prove that she could take at
least some responsibility for her actions...
 Ryoko turned around and started back towards the house.  "Im the type of wife 
Tenchi needs, someone who can express her emotions, and be his equal...  Not like
that demure, Royal Princess of Jurai type.  Ayeka almost never tells Tenchi how she 
feels.  She uses the subtle approach.  Oh damn, but what if that is the type of 
wife he wants?"  Ryoko muttered.  Well, if that WAS what Tenchi wanted, she knew she
would probably abandon all of what she was and try to be that way...
 Her thoughts were interrupted as a twig snapped off to her left.  She spun 
around lightly on her heel, looking for the source of the sound.  The leafy forest
stretched out in all directions, but she couldn't see anyone.  Cautiously, she rose
into the air, glancing left and right to make sure things where all right.  "Tenchi?"
she whispered.  
 "Ayeka?" Wouldn't that be great if she had come out to pick another fight?
 "Mihoshi?  Kiyone?  Ryo-oki?"
 "None of the above I'm afraid." said a cold chilling voice that cut through to 
her bone.
 She whirled around, fearing that she WASN'T hearing things.  She wasn't.  Floating
five feet off the ground was her old mentor and arch-nemisis, Kagato.
 She sputtered in suprise, trying to force the words out of her lips.  "Perhaps 
you are trying to say:  Oh Kagato!  Im so glad to see you survived!  Please free me
from these evil people who have captured me!?"  Kagato smiles an evil smile as Ryoko 
sputtered in rage now.  "More like:  You bastard, Kagato!  How did you survive 
getting cut in half?"
 Ryoko finally got the words out.  "Yes, how did you survive?"
 "Now wouldn't you just like to know Ryoko?  But Im not going to tell you this 
time."  Kagato sneered at her.  "In fact, I've got a score to settle with your
friends."
 "I wont let you touch Tenchi, you bastard!"
 "Now now Ryoko, lets watch that temper."  Kagato tisked her.  "Im not going to 
kill him yet.  In fact, if you defeat me, I wont touch him at all!"
 "Why do I not believe you?"  Ryoko asked. 
 "Why Ryoko, Im hurt.  How can you say such things about me?"
 "Die you bastard!"  With that, Ryoko snapped her hand shut and leaped at the 
man who had hurt her more than anyone in her life.  Her energy sword snapped into
existence as she crossed the intervening distance in less than a second.
 Kagato stood there, calm and unmoving.  Ryoko shot over him and brought her 
sword strait down through his head.  She swore as he vanished in a fountain of energy.
 "Stop throwing your shadow and face me!" she yelled.
 "As you wish Ryoko."  She span around and barley deflected Kagato's Energy 
sword as it descended towards her head.  
"You have become more powerful Ryoko." he noted, sending a measured thrust in 
her direction.  "Lets see how much..."
 Ryoko came in with a savage backhand with Kagato ducked under.  Her sword 
sliced the tree behind him in half, and it began to fall.  "You are still impulsive
Ryoko.  And you never really invent new maneuvers."  He demonstrated this point by
forcing her guard high with a series of blows, and then drove a fist into her stomach.
 "Yeargh!"  she cried.  She cut three quick punches towards him, one catching 
him in the face, one in the ribs, and another to his face.  Kagato was pushed into
the path of the falling tree.  He spun to see thething descending on him.
 "An interesting tactic."  he said as he leapt from under the tree.  He grimaced 
when her sword struck him a glancing blow to his arm.  Ryoko leapt into the air,
intending to gain a height advantage to either continue fighting or to escape.
 "No, you wont get away that easily.."  Energy bolts were exchanged, and soon 
the forest floor in that area was filled with smoking craters.
 "I grow bored with this game Ryoko." Kagato stated blankly.  "Now it is your 
turn to DIE!!!"  An insane look fill his eyes, as he reached into his shirt and
removed what appeared to be a red gem.
 "Oh, Im so scared of that piece of jewelry!"  Ryoko moaned.  "Oh, whatever 
shall I do?"  She covered her forehead in melodramatic style.
 If anything, the mad look in Kagato's eyes grew even brighter.  "You will DIE 
RYOKO!!!  TECHNO POWER!!!"
 A bright flash of light shot through the clearing.  Ryoko was briefly dazzled 
by it, and covered her eyes.  She was stunned when she turned around.
 Kagato was no longer there.  In his place stood some type of armored battle 
suit, its black and green finish seeming to absorb the light in the clearing.
 "What the..." she said.
 "Do you like my new toy Ryoko?  It was given to me by some friends from out of 
town." Kagato's voice sounded completely insane now.
 "No suit of armor is going to save you Kagato!"  Ryoko lunged towards him.  Her 
sword stretched out in front of her.  Her energy blade hummed as she pumped power
from her gem into it.
 "Heh.  Wait and see"
 As Ryoko closed the gap, she knew there was no way he could dodge.  
Unfortunately for her, he didn't have to.  Clenching a clawed fist, he delivered
an uppercut to her chin, ducking under her sword in the process.  The force of
the blow shot her into the air, where she hung, trying to clear the fog from her
head.
 "Man, zat wuz a hard punch..."
 "Now Ryoko, come down here and fight fair..."  She was amazed as a red wire 
shot from Kagato's wrist and wrapped itself around her arm.  With a might tug,
Kagato slammed her into the forest flood several feet away.  Ryoko looked up
in time to see his clawed foot smash into her face, and then she flew backwards
into a tree.
 A pair of boosters fired behind Kagato, and he rushed along the ground towards 
Ryoko.  She didn't have time to dodge as his armored fist slammed into her
midsection.  The force of the blow shot her strait through the tree she was pinned
against, and she rolled to a stop fifty feet away.  Calling on the power in her gem,
she stood shakily to her feet, and whiped the blood form her lip. 
 "Damn you Kagato."  With that she hurled the strongest energy bolt she could at him. 
She gasped in amazement as his flicked it aside.  "DAMN YOU!!!"  She had to get away,
had to warn Tenchi...
 With that she shakily took to the air, her mind to stunned to teleport.  Kagato 
looked at her on the way up, then shot up after her on his boosters.  "You should
stay and PLAY!"  He emphasized his last word by shooting up over her and bringing
both his fists down on the small of her back.  She shot strait down into the forest,
and she dug a crater at her impact point.
 "Really Ryoko, I thought you'd be more of a challenge."  Kagato looked over her 
inert body.  "I guess it was too much for you."
 He was amazed as she staggered up and set towards him.  "Really Ryoko, this is 
not the time for foolish noble gestures.  Surrender, and accept your former post
at my side.  You wont be hurt any more..."
 Ryoko looked at him through one eye that was already swelling shut.  She could 
feel several of her ribs moving with a life of their own, and the bone in the
upper part of her left arm felt broken.  She could no longer feel her left leg.
 "Kagato, Ill never work for you again.  In fact, Im gonna KILL YOU!"
 Kagato sighed.  "I told you no foolish noble gestures.  Well, it seems my favorite
assistant needs to be taught a lesson."  The armored pads of his shoulders rose
into the air, showing four crystal orbs on each.  "Good bye Ryoko.  I hope your dear 
Tenchi can get along without you.  Oh Im sorry, he'll be joining you shortly."
 Ryoko reached for Kagato, thinking she had to stop him...
 Kagato shouted "TEKNO BOLT!!!"
 Energy surged towards Ryoko...
 All she could feel was pain...
 She came to a moment later in the shattered wreckage of several trees.  She felt
burned all over, and her wounds were hurting whose than before.  Her gems...
She needed power from her gems...
 She screamed in agony as Kagato slammed a green tinged sword through her arm 
that held her only gem, severing it at the elbow.  She screamed even louder as a
second sword smashed through her abdomen into the ground behind her.
 Miles away at the Masaki household, Washu grimaced in pain, and looked around.  
"Where's Ryoko?" she asked.
 "Damn."  Thought Kagato.  She had lost consciousness.  He picked up her severed 
arm.  A gift for Tenchi, he thought.
 The forest clearing was a scene of devastation.  The ground was pocket marked 
with craters.  A tree had fallen to the ground and had been subsequently blown
to splinters.  Rubble had been kicked up everywhere, and a scorched path of
devastation moved out into the forest. And at the end of that path, a broken
battered form lay in a widening pool of her own blood.
 Ryoko looked up through her half closed good eye.  She saw a armored form 
walking towards her.  She though, "No...He's comming...to finish me...off"  She
never felt herself being tenderly lifted into the air, nor did she feel the
breeze as the armored figure flew away, holding her...

 "RYOKO!!!"
 "RYOKO!!!"
 "RRRRYYYYOOOOKKKKOOOO!"
 "Do you sense her Washu?"
 "Nothing Tenchi." 
 "I do hope she's ok..."
 "Im sure she is Ayeka."
 "Woah!  What happened here?"  Washu asked.
 "Some sort of battle..."  Ayeka said.
 "Was, Ryoko here?"  Mihoshi asked.
 "Washu!!!  Over HERE!!!  QUICKLY!!!!!!!"


End Chapter 2.
