Disclaimer: Due to the massive complaints I have recieved, I have "redone"
this fan fic story. Tenchi will not be the jerk to Shinji as he was before.

Ultima-Trev: "Damn it, this story isn't gonna be fun anymore!"

How true that is. Oh well, I must do it for the fans!

Ultima-Trev: "What fans? Everyone hates me!"

Oh well, perhaps i'll pick up some follwers in the future. You know the
routine, Tenchi Muyo and Evangelion are owned by AIC and GAINAX, not by me.

Ultima-Trev: "How I wish i did own them, then I'd show the Juraians and 
NERV who the real hero is! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!"

Indeed I would show them. Just like before, this is an alternate ending to
the greatest Anime saga (At least in my opinion) foretold. This in no way 
coincides with "Rebirth" or "End of Evangelion." And let's not forget that 
I always have Sasami as Tenchi's wife. Why do I do that? It's because she's 
so adorable that a Juraian king deserves nothing less. Now on with the damned
thing all ready...

Evangelion Muyo: No Need For EVAs!
----------------------------------
By Tevor "Ultima-Trev" Flickinger!

Setting: Misato's Apartment...

Shinji: "I wish I could die!"
Misato: "Shinji, you must stop blaming yourself for killing the 17th Angel. 
He wasn't really your friend, he was only playing mind games with you."
Shinji: "But that's not all, Asuka is in a coma and she might die! It's all 
my fault that I couldn't protect her! And let's not forget about Rei, she
suicided to destroy the last of the angels!"
Misato: "I see your point on Asuka, but we haven't seen the last of Rei."
Shinji: "Huh?"
Misato: "Rei is just genetically engineered DNA. That was the 2nd Rei that
suicided. 
Shinji: "Damn this is wierd!"
Misato: "I'm sure Gendo will give orders to release The 3rd Rei soon."
Shinji: "Uh..."

Meanwhile on Planet Jurai...

"Lord tenchi, we have gotten transmission from NERV HQ. They wish to have our
assistance in the upcoming battle with SEELE."
(As alwaya, I'm sticking to the assumption thatSasami: "Tenchi dear, who is NERV?"
Tenchi: "Your guess is as good as mine. Tell me my loyal servant, who is
NERV?"
Loyal servant: "An orginization on Earth that has saved the Earth from these
odd looking bio-mechanical monsters called angels."
Tenchi: "And what do they need our help for?"
Loyal servant: "It seems that the United Nations disagreed with their methods
of eliminating the angels. The UN have deployed SEELE to eliminate them."
Tenchi: "Then help them we will. Tell all star fleet personnel we are heading
for NERV HQ!"
Loyal servant: "Yes sir!"

A couple days later, Jurai's star fleet come out of hyperspace and land near
the outskirts of Tokyo 3. Now as Tenchi exits the ship...

Gendo: "So, you are the legendary Tenchi I take it."
Tenchi: "Right ou are."
Gendo: "I'm grateful for our services. I'm Gendo Ikari, the CEO of NERV."
Tenchi: "Sorry to hear about the UN's betrying you. But all is not lost, for
the Jurai military is a powerful one."
Gendo: "I'm sure it is. With our combined power, the UN doesn't stand a 
chance!"

Meanwhile at the UN embancy...

"You wished to see me?"
UN Chairman: "Yes we did Mr. Ultima-Trev."
Ultima-trev: "And what is it that you need?"
UN Chairman: "We would like for the Ultima Tech Elite Security Forces to
assist us in the battle with NERV HQ."
Ultima-Trev: "All of that just to wipe out a city protected by three EVA
units?"
UN Chairman: "Apparantly they have joined forces with planet Jurai."
Ultima-Trev: "I've heard that Jurai's military is unstoppable."
UN chairman: "They are?"
Ultima-Trev: "Not in my vision. I will destroy them all."
UN chairman: "So, we have a deal?"
Ultima-Trev: "Hell yes!"

Meanwhile at Misato's apartment, Shinji is watching the news...

News Reporter: "Today is the day when new alliances have been formed. I'm
sure you've heard about the alliance between NERV and Jurai, but here's one
that was just made moments ago. Anallieance was made between the UN and
Ultima Tech."

Misato then spits out her sake...

Shinji: "Is something wrong?"
Misato: "Ultima Tech, that name sounds familiar."
Shinji: "What about Ultima Tech?"
Misato: "Have the schools taught you anything about Fragmaster's invasion in
history?."
Shinji: "I know! The Ultima Tech CEO is the one who slayed Fragmaster!"
Misato: "Now think, The UN is our enemy now, and ultima Tech is supporting
them."
Shinji: "That bad, huh?"

NERV HQ...

Tenchi: "Why does this Ultima-Trev character have ou so worried?"
Gendo: "Ritskuo, explain it to our friend here." 
Ritskuo: "Though his power hasn't been scientifically tested, it is said to
be 10 times greater than that of the mightiest Jurai warrior."
Tenchi: "You've got to be kidding!"
Kaji: "I doubt it, I've seen his battles with the space pirates and the
Goddess of Doom on TV. Let me tell you, extreme power is an understatment for
him."
Tenchi: "Oh man..."

Ultima Tech HQ...

Ultima-Trev (using the intercom): "All offensive units, move out towards the
geo front now!"

Not much later...

Maya: "Red alert, Tokyo 3 is under attack!"
Misato: "Shinji: "What about Asuka and Rei?"
Gendo: "Rei III will remain here, as for Asuka..."
Ritskuo: "Just pray she'll awaken soon."

Shinji then runs to the EVA cage and awakens unit 01.

Shinji: * Misato, Asuka, Kaji, Ritskuo, Tenchi, Maya, dad, I'll hope you'll
be okay.

Back the NERV Control centre...

Tenchi: "Is there anything I can do?"
Gendo: "You could help take out the SEELE Infantry."
Tenchi: "Will do."

Tenchi then runs off to the Geo Front enterance, where he is intercepted by 
the SEELE infantry...

SEELE soldier #1: "Do you think that's a guard or civilian?"
SEELE soldier #2: "Who cares, just kill him."
SEELE soldier #1: "Roger that."

The SEELE soldiers then blast away, but the Light hawk Wings protect tenchi
well...

Tenchi: "Should I spare them?"

On to the battle of EVA unit-01 and SEELE's EVA series...

Shinji: "Crap, looks like I'm greatly outnumbered."
EVA series pilot #1: "Let's thrash this loner."
EVA series pilot #2: "Right on, let's kick the Hell out of him!"
Shinji: "Let's see how well these EVAs manuever."

Shinji then sticks his progressive knife to one of the EVA units, quickly
getting rid of one of SEELE's EVAs.

EVA Series pilot #2 (screaming in terror): "Aaaaahhh!"
EVA Series pilot #1: "Damn, whoever's in Unit-01 must've been trained
27/4.
EVA Series pilot #3: "I can believe that, he only delvered one blow to take
him out!"
EVA Series pilot #4: "We're gonna have to work together to take him down
men."

As you can imagine, it only takes Shinji about 10 minutes to destroy the EVA
series. Back at the Geo Front...

NERV guard (aproaching Tenchi): "Mr. Tenchi, our Intelligence believes they
will kill both NERV and civilian personnel."
Tenchi: "If that's the case, they will pay!"

Tenchi then slices multiple SEELE soldiers and Ultima Tech guards with one
strike of the Light Hawk Sword...

NERV guard: * Looks like Tokyo 3 is saved after all. *

Back to the location of EVA unit-01...

Shinji: "The EVA series has been sucessfully eliminated."
Misato (on the radio): "Excellent job Shinji. Return to NERV HQ."

About an hour Later...

Makato: "Unidentified object has entered the Geo Front!"
Misato: "What is it?"
Makato: "I think it's the Ultima Tech CEO!"
Mayo: "What should we do Mrs. Misato?"
Misato: "Not sure. Ritskuo? Kaji?"
Ritskuo: "I think this is where Tenchi was meant to come in to play."
Kaji: "Well then, I guess we sit back and wait for a victor to emerge."
Shinji: "Well Mr. Tenchi, good luck."
Tenchi: * Oh great, It's up to me once again. *

The enterance to NERV...

Ultima-Trev: "Here we are."

Ultima-Trev then kicks open the door, and bumps into a suprise...

Tenchi: "You must be Ultima-Trev."
Ultima-Trev: "Let me guess, you must be an EVA pilot."
Tenchi: "Wrong, I'm the one and only Tenchi Masaki."
Ultima-Trev: "Well, perhaps you could tell me where the EVA pilots are
hiding."
Tenchi: "I'll never tell you."
Ultima-Trev: "Then I'll have to find them myself."

Ultima-Trev then vanishes...

Tenchi: "Where did he go?"

Ultima-Trev is sneaking all over the NERV facility, looking out for the EVA
Pilots. The entire sudden, he bumps in to someone.

"Hey, watch where you're going!"
Ultima-trev: "What's a child doing in a military installation?"
"I'm an EVA pilot!"
Ultima-Trev: "What?"
"That's right, I am Asuka Langley Sohryu, pilot of EVA unit-02."
Ultima-Trev: "I'd hate to startle you, but I was sent by the UN to
assassinate you and the other EVA pilots."
Asuka: "Oh no!"
Ultima-Trev: "And are all of you children by anycance?"
Asuka (trembling): "Yes..."
Ultima-Trev: "Then there seems to be a misunderstanding." (contacting the UN 
on his cell phone) "Uh, there seems to be a problem here. I was told the EVA
pilots were terrorist, but they're nothing but mere children.
UN Represenitive: "You've fallen for out trick quite nicly Trev, for we are
also going to eliminate you as well!"
Ultima-Trev: "You bastards!"
UN Represenitive: "Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!"

Ultima-Trev then crushes his cell phone...

Ultima-Trev: "Aaaaahhh!"
Asuka (petrified): "I'm done for."
Ultima-Trev: "No, my alliance with the UN was a joke. Quick, take me to your
command centre!"
Asuka: "Alright, I guess."

The command centre...

Tenchi (entering the room): "I'd hate to be the barer of bad news, but he
vanished!"
Gendo: "Vanished?"
Tenchi: "That's right!"
Kaji: "Perhaps he has stealth abilities."
Ritskuo: "That would explain it."
Gendo: "Perfect, we have an invincible enemy wandering around the station."

Then the door opens...

Shinji: "Asuka!"
Misato: "Oh no! It's..."
Ritskuo: "Asuka, watch out."
Asuka: "It's all right, he's on our side."
Gendo: "What?"
Ultima-Trev: "Good evening. I have come to tell you you that my alliance with
the UN is over. I am now a target just like the rest of you."
Tenchi: "Like we're gonna believe that."
Ultima-Trev: "Believe what you want, but the EVAs that unit 01 confronted are
just a mere sample of what's in store for the Geo Front."
Misato: "What do you mean by that."
Ultima-Trev: "I over heard a conversation back at the UN. Their primary
offensive will consist of 100 EVAs, all equipped with sheilds and jet packs."
Shinji: "But how could we ever defeat them?"
Ultima-Trev: "I'm not sure."
Tenchi: "Excuse me, I'm going to call some people who may be of help to us."

Who is this help Tenchi is reffering to? How can he/she be of help? Find out
by reading Chapter 2: "No Need For the Calvary!"

Washu: "My name is Washu, but you can call me little Washu!"
Aeka: "No one opposes Jurai, and lives."
Ryoko: "You're all talk princess."
Aeka: "Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!"
Ultima-Trev: "What a bunch of goof-balls!"
