Boy oh boy, I sure hope you enjoyed the revised 1st chapter. I'm just hoping
that the original 1st chapter didn't piss you off enough to stay away from
the revision or this one. Oh well, for those who did enjoy the last chapter,
or the revision...

Ultima-Trev: "Why do I bother, no ones gonna read this."
Asuka: "It's all your fault you idiot."
Ultima-Trev: "I thought the idiot was Shinji's role?"
Shinji: "Hey, don't call me an idiot, damn it!"
Tenchi: "Not this again."

Okay, okay, on with the damn story...

Evangelion Muyo Chapter 2: "No Need For the Calvary!"
-----------------------------------------------------
By Trevor "Ultima-Trev" Flickinger!

Setting: Tenchi is on his ship...

Tenchi (calling home): "Anyone there?"

Sasami: "How are things dear?"
Tenchi: "Not good. I think I'll need the help of Washu, Aeka , and Ryouko for
this upcoming battle."
Sasami: "Should I contact them?"
Tecnhi: "Yes, but we're in a hurry, so tell Washu to use her dimensional
tunnel."
Sasami: "As you wish dear."

Meanwhile in the control centre of the Geo Front/NERV HQ...

Gendo: "Guard, watch Trev carefully, I'll willing to bet that this is part of
the UN's scheme."
Guard: "Yes sir."

The entire sudden, a star shaped hole pops out of the ground...

Shinji: "What's this?"
"I am the greatest scientifc genius in the universe!"
"I am the first crowned princess of planet Jurai."
"I am the most notorious space piirate in the universe."
Gendo: "Guard, they may be spies for the UN."

Tenchi now enters the room...

Tecnhi: "It sure didn't take you long to get here."
Washu: "Well then, it's time I rebuild unit-00 and upgrade them with sheilds
and jet packs."
Ritskuo: "You can do that?"
Washu: "Have a bit more faith in the greatest scientific mind why don't you?"
Ultima-Trev: "No offense Tenchi, but the circus won't be of any help to us."
Ryouko: "Call me a circus freak will you?"
Ultima-Trev: "Yep."
Washu: "Little Ryouko, i wouldn't reccomend it."
Ryouko: "Come on mom, can't I at least punch him for calling me a circus
freak?"
Washu: "I would let you if you could."
Ryouko: "Huh?"
Washu: "I'm saying his power is much greater than your own."
Ryouko: "Oh."
Aeka: "Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!"
Ryouko: "Aeka!"
Ultima-Trev: "Shut the Hell up!"

Everyone shuts up...

Ultima-Trev: "THANK YOU! Now here's the plan. Makato, Maya, you keep you eyes
on the radar. Be on the look out for any suspicious activities. Washu, get to
work on rebuilding unit-00 and the upgrades. Misato, you will give the EVA
pilots orders when they board there EVAs. Kaji, Ritskuo, you can do whatever.
i have no specific orders for you. Gendo, prepare a cold bottle of champaign
to celebrate your victory over the UN.
Gendo: * I like the way this guy thinks. *
Ultima-Trev: "And finally, Tenchi, Ryouko, Aeka, and myself you will be
patrolling the Geo Front."
Rei: "May I help?"
Ultima-Trev: "You and the other EVA pilots will be on patrol duty after the
units have been maintainced."
Rei: "Yes sir."
Ultima-Trev: "I hope you are clear of your objectives, now let's move out!"

An hour later in the EVA cage...

Washu: "All done."
Asuka: "That was quite fast."
Washu: "Come on kids, take the upgraded EVAs for a ride."
Shinji: "You heard the lady."

The pilots then board their EVAs and launch...

Ultima-Trev: "Good, now our forces are assembled. (Talking through a radio)
Misato, give orders for personnel to man the armament towers."
Misato: "Already have sir!"
Ultima-Trev: "Excellent."

The ground now shakes, the 100 enemy EVAs are now approaching the Geo
Front...

Enemy EVA Pilot #1: "Look at this, 3 EVAs and 4 swords man. I'm so scared!"
Enemy EVA Pilot #2: "If you're that cared, perhaps our EVAs should hold
hands."
Enemy EVA Pilot #1: "You can piss off about that."
Enemy EVA Pilot #2: "Tell you what, I'll buy you a keg of beer when we win."
Enemy EVA Pilot #1: "Hell yeah!"

Ultima-Trev: "Let me show these enemy pilots what military force should be.
Ultima Death Ray!"

Ultima-Trev then launches his most powerful ki blast and takes out 9 EVA
units.

Ryouko: "How did he do that?"
Shinji: "That was amazing!"
Ultima-Trev: "This is no time for gossip, spread out!"

A massive free for all between our heroes and the UN is now under way...

"Those fools have no idea what's in store for them."

Ultima-Trev manages to take out 26 Units, Tenchi takes out 14, Ryouko takes
out 10, Aeka takes out 6, Shinji takes out 20, Asuka and Rei take out 12
each...

"Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!"

Ultima-Trev: "Well lookie hear, looks like thy've sent 101 instead of 100."

The hatch opens and we see the UN Chairman...

UN Chairman: "My plans for world domination will be achieved, and there's 
nothing you can do to stop me!"
Ultima-Trev: "I'm afraid you're out numbered."
"Maybe so, but it will take more than the seven of you to triumph over me."
Tenchi: "It can't be!"
Ryouko: "But it is!"
UN Chairman: "I would like you to meet Kagato, the universe's most powerful
supreme being!"
Tenchi: "How could the UN ally with this scum?"
Ultima-Trev: "You know this guy I take it."
Ryouko: "He's bad news."
Kagato: "Ultima-Trev!"
Ultima-Trev: "Yes?
Kagato: "I can sense you have massive ki, just like myself."
Ultima-Trev: "I bet. And Just what point are you getting at?"
Kagato: "It is in fact I who have possessed the UN to order the invasion of
NERV, and quiet some time ago I have sense there was another one just like
me. That one was you. I no longer cared about conquering Jurai, because I was
interested in much bigger game. I saw NERV as a secondary threat, but I had
no idea you two you would be working in the end. It was also a shock to me
that Jurai is involved in this."
Ultima-Trev: "Such a boring tale."
Kagato: "And I bet you're missing a star fleet too."
Tenchi: "My star fleet's been destroyed?"
Kagato: "It took you that long to notice. How sad."
Rei: "That would explain why they didn't help us in SEELE's main offensive."
Misato: "Whats going on?"
Shinji: "Some guy named Kagato had the UN in the palm of his hands this whole
time. From what I can tell, he looks pretty evil."
Misato: "What about the others?"
Asuka: "Having a friendly conversation I guess."
Kagato: "Now Trev, have you ever wondered why you use you power to save
people rather than our own ambitions?"
Ultima-Trev: "Nope."
Kagato: "I'm dissapointed."
Ulitma-Trev: "We can't have all the supreme beings wanting to conquer and
enslave, can we?"
Kagato: "I guess you're not going to help he rule the universe."
Ultima-Trev: "Got that right."
Kagato: "Then die!"

Kagato attempts to slice Trev with his beam sabre, but trev is obviously to 
quick.

Kagato: "How did he do that!"
Ultima-Trev: "Looks like your ki isn't so masssive after all."
Kagato: "NO!"

Ultima-Trev then uses the osafune katana and slices Kagato like a paper
shreder...

Tenchi: "Unbelivable, it took efforts from Ryoko, Aeka, and myself to defeat
him, but you did it all in a couple seconds."
Ultima-Trev: "Now what do you say about celebrating with some cold
champaign?"
EVERYONE IN UNISON: HOORAY!
Ultima-Trev: "Hold on a second, you pilots are only minors, I'm afraid you 
can't party with us."
Shinji: "Damn it!"
Asuka: "Shiest!"
Rei: "Yes sir."

Rei, Asuka, and Shinji were forced to go to bed at 8 pm, while everyone else
partied at the NERV HQ. There was food, colas, and champaign for everyone!
Everyone excluding Shinji, Rei, and Asuka...

Misato: "So it only took you about 16 minutes to destroy all those EVAs?"
Ultima-Trev: "Right."
Ryouko: "I guess next time we face an army of mechs, our goal will be 200 in
14 minutes."
Tenchi: "Very funny Ryouko."
Aeka: "I wonder how the people on Jurai are doing."
Tenchi: "Should we go home?"
Washu: "Since the ship was destroyed, we'll use the dimensional tunnel!"
Ultima-Trev: "I guess she really is a genius after all." 
Washu: "Goodbye everybody!"
Tenchi: "So long."
EVERYONE IN UNISON: "BYE BYE!"

The Tenchi cast go back to Jurai...

Gendo: "Correct me if I'm wrong, that shield technology looked at lot like
yours."
Trev: "I believe they both stole and super sized it for EVA use."
"Gendo, can ou ever forgive me?"
Trev: "If it isn't the UN Chairman that was possessed by Kagato."
Gendo: "Kagato?"
Ultima-Trev: "He was an enemy of jurai, until I shredded him that is."
Kaji: "That doesn't sound to nice."
Ritskuo: "Right-right."
Ultima-Trev: "He was responsible for this whole mess, so i saw his death 
fitting."
Gendo: "Well then, It seems you're forgiven."
UN Chairman: "Thanks so much!"
Ultima-Trev: "You don't suppose since there was angels, there would be
demons as well do you?"
Misato: "No, there is no such thing."
Ultima-Tech: "That's a damn shame. Oh well."
Gendo: "Trev, what would ou think of our companies merging? Think of it,
the name would be Ultima NERV"
Ultima-Trev: "Sounds great."
Gendo: "So we can look foward to a meeting soon?"
Ultima-Trev: "Yep. Damn, it's getting late. I'll be seeing you later."
Gendo, Kaji, Misato, and Ritskuo: "Bye-Bye!"

Ultima-Trev then blast off into the night sky, heading for home. Now back on
Jurai, Tenchi and company elevate from a star-shaped hole...

Sasami: "Hiya!"

Sasami then gives everyone a noce warm hug...

Sasami: "How does a feast sound?"
Ryoko: "Yummy!"
Tenchi: "Sounds good."

So that ends this mini saga! Tenchi and company are treated to a feast,
courtesy of the adorable Sasami. Could you ask for a happier ending? Please
send comments of this chapter and the revised chapter one (not the original)
to superultimatrev@netscape.net. Later!

PS- I'm real sorry for the first attempt at the EVA/Tenchi X-over. I know how
it tortured you all by it's crap factor, and I'm so sorry. Find it in your 
hearts to forgive me, PLEEEEEEEEEEEEEASE!
