		Disclaimer: I do not own these characters.


	"Amazing! Simply amazing!" Doctor Doom thought to himself as he once again 
surveyed his current whereabouts.  When he had demanded that the diminutive 
woman named Washu let him stay inside her laboratory he knew it would be very 
much worth his wile. Her technology was incredibly sophisticated and 
unbelievably advanced. Although he mused that it was still inferior to his own. 
Still there was much to be learned in these walls and Doom was never one to pass 
up a grand opportunity such as this.
 
	The woman Washu was eagerly watching him. As if she was half expecting him 
to do a trick for her amusement. Doom was very aware of her immaturity and it 
enraged him that such remarkable science is available, let alone created by, 
such an undisciplined and childish girl. In his eyes she had no sense of 
responsibility or any kind of class that would even suggest her advanced 
aptitude for science. He actually questioned whether or not she did create this 
scientific paradise!

	Washu watched him closely. She found this man to be quite interesting and 
at the same time frightening.  After his tirade mere moments ago she had gained 
a newfound view on her hostile guest. He had many layers to him, and not all of 
them were made of metal. She couldn't look away from him, not for a second, 
because she knew that if she did he may use that time to take advantage of her 
lab, and use it against her.  She knew the true purpose of his visit. She knew 
right away that he was trying to get a hold of her technology, and was only 
playing at civility long enough to get what he wanted. She knew all along, but 
still she allowed him to stay. She thought that the new challenge he would 
present could be very fun indeed. 

Washu: "So Vicky, what exactly do you intend to do here?"

Dr. Doom: "I will once again ask you to address me formally!" Doom spouted "my 
name is Victor. Not Vic, not Vicky, nor Doc, and if you cannot get it accurately 
then don't address me at all."

Washu: "well until you call me little Washu, I won't call you Doctor Disaster or 
whatever."

Dr. Doom: "DOOM! It is Doctor DOOM! Woman! Are you trying to rile me?"

Washu: "well yes actually."

Dr. Doom: "I fear that you have stayed in that body for too long. You're mind 
has become as juvenile as your form."

Washu: "Nah Doc, I like to think I'm just 'young at heart'."

	That was the second time this man has commented on how she transforms into 
a young body, Washu noted. He was so astute to recognize that it wasn't her 
natural form, and it surprised her that he dwelled on the topic so much. She 
would have to make a note of that later. 

Dr. Doom: "Washu, I was thinking that perhaps you could tell me a little about 
yourself and your laboratory here. What is the purpose of these facilities? What 
are you trying to accomplish here?"

Washu: "You certainly are interested aren't you?" Washu teased. "Well Doc, there 
is no real theme or purpose to my work; I guess you could say that I am working 
on everything down here. Every experiment or test or scientific exploit is being 
performed a million times over in this lab! I truly am an amazing woman, aren't 
I?"

Dr. Doom: "Amazing yes, but a woman, I am not so sure." Now it was Doom who was 
teasing. 

	Washu was hurt by that. Of course she was a woman, she was all woman. 
Maybe it was time to show him just how much of a woman she really was. In a 
split second, when Doom's eyes were cast away she turned herself into her adult 
form. And when he returned his eyes onto her he was greeted by a much more 
endowed Washu. 

	She stood in front of him with vibrant red lips, which seemed to scream 
'kiss me'! Her stance was that of a model or seductress, trying to win over the 
heart of another. Her hands drifted up over her breasts and up into her hair. 
She ran her fingers through her bright red locks that went down to her knees, 
and flipped her hair behind her. She walked slowly and sultrily over to her 
guest. Then she put her arms onto his chest and arched her back allowing him to 
see the curves of her backside just enough to drive a normal man to submission. 
Washu batted her beautiful lush eyes at him before saying.........

Washu: "Is this woman enough for you Vicky-poo?" she said in her adult voice. 

	But Doom did not falter to her feminine wiles. He had been faced with 
similar temptations a great many times in his life. Many of which were even more 
captivating than this. He had faced the Enchantress, and he doubted Washu would 
fare much better. Anyways she had been led to this just as Doom had planned. He 
wanted her to transform, to confirm a theory he was working on. 

Dr. Doom: "So you grew taller and have breasts, I am not impressed. You are 
still just as infantile as you were before."

	Oh poo! Washu said when she turned herself back into her youthful form. 
She crossed her arms over her chest and starred at Doom angrily. 

Dr. Doom: "..and the next time you call me 'Vicky-poo' I will be sure to 
annihilate you and your lab for such an insult. In Lateveria if I were ever to 
be addressed as anything but master, the transgressor would be executed on site, 
his home burned to the ground with his spouse inside and his children would be 
forced into military labor! So do not cross me any more!"  Doom declared with 
anger.

Washu: "Well you aren't in 'Lateveria' anymore. This is my laboratory and my 
home. You are the guest here, don't forget that." Washu was serious this time. 

Dr. Doom: "That is why I have stood for your indiscretion for this long, but my 
patience grows thin."

Washu: "fine, fine, whatever, I'll call you Doctor Doom from now on, okay? Don't 
get your cape in a wad over it."

	Doctor Doom wasn't close to being satisfied with that. This woman had 
mocked him and belittled his achievements; no one ever does that to him. And 
soon, very soon, with the important discovery about Washu he had just made...

       He will make her suffer!


 Authors note: So can anyone guess what Doom has found out hmmmm? Actually I 
wouldn't be surprised if you could. But if you don't know, check out the next 
installment of "Evil Genius" To find out! And if you want to know about what 
happened with him and the "Enchantress" check out the Marvel Secret Wars 
Comicbook, if you do you will also learn something about what Doom may do next 
here. Think: "Beyonder"!
 

 
