Eye of Terror Ch2
Escape from Hell…?

	Tenchi and the others yelled at the horrific racket coming from the 
portal, as gunfire and screams started to shake the whole place, cracking 
some of the glass, as well as a possible eardrum.  Ayeka screamed at 
Washu to turn it off, while covering her ears and running behind Tenchi.  
Sasami did similar, while gripping the side of Ayeka's kimono.  Tenchi 
staggered slightly at the weight and shock of the noise, also yelling 
vehemently to get Washu to shut it off.  Ryoko flew back at first, then up to 
the machine and began to kick it wildly, somehow hoping that would shut it 
off.  Washu calmly (as calm as one can be in this situation) ran up to the 
consol and flicked a switch that turned off the audio reception of the portal, 
which also caused the fuzziness to reduce, the picture now being 
discernable.  There was some kind of… war going on in there.  The portal 
acted almost like a camera, as it zoomed in and out at certain spots, 
capturing some of the smaller conflicts within the battle.  Actually though, 
Washu controlled the picture with a joystick like device in her palm.  Most 
of the group cringed as they saw a Chaos Marine lanced through the chest 
by a lascannon, a cloud of thick blood spraying behind him as he fell to the 
ground in a heap.  Ayeka managed to curl down and grip Sasami to hide 
her eyes from the horrible sight.  Tenchi cringed again, holding his hand up 
to his mouth as if sick.  Ryoko, however, didn't react as badly as the 
others.  She flew up to the portal, peering at it like glass, watching men 
fight and die before her eyes.  Washu, now sweating, continued to pan 
around, probably looking for Kiyone and Mihoshi.
"Miss Washu! What have you done here!  This scene is gruesome!" Ayeka 
screamed in disgust, her eyes locked shut.
"Tenchi, what is all that?" Sasami managed to say, her eyes still half 
covered.
"I don't know, Sasami, but it's a horrible sight.  Those people, if you can 
even call them that…they just charge at each other like madmen, marching 
to their deaths…  It's like, a war straight from Hell itself, pardon my 
expression."  Tenchi slowly sputtered, his eyes now locked on the struggle 
displayed before him, as the view now came over Sergeant Doler's men 
being cut down during their futile attempt to wound the robotic Thousand 
Sons advanceing towards them.  Even Ryoko did a slight double take as 
one of the Space Wolves was shot in the stomach by the plasma gunner, 
his blood and guts splattering in a cloud all over his companions.  Another 
of the Space Wolves tried to charge the Tzeentch spawn, but was 
mercilessly cut down by their seemingly endless hail of deadly bolter fire.  
The gang watched as the Space Wolves retreated around the rock, the 
conversation between Doler and his men, and then witnessed Doler's 
demise as the Thousand Sons plasma gunner blasted his head into 
oblivion.
"If it wasn't already obvious," Washu said with discomfort," I'm trying to 
find Kiyone and Mihoshi.  Maybe if I reset the portal positioning…"
Tenchi began to have a worried look on his brow.  "I do hope they're ok, 
but I wouldn't be too confident if they ended up anywhere around…that 
place."
	The view now centered on the image of Khaza and Berzerkers 
massacring the Space Wolf Long Fangs, which caused even more disgusted 
looks.  Even Ryoko was beginning to squeamish at the sight of so much 
blood and gore.  However, the picture temporarily fuzzed out, as Washu 
sped up the spatial differentiation of time between the 2 universes, the 
image coming into view of the 4 Berzerkers who commenced to flick off the 
group, as well as other obscene gestures and laughing.
"HEY!!  They can't do that to me!"  Ryoko yelled in anger as she did the 
classic Japanese "pull the eyelid and stick out the tongue" maneuver to 
them.  
"Look!" Ayeka cried," There they are!" Her finger jabbed in the direction 
behind the Berzerkers, at the forms of the battered Kiyone and Mihoshi 
crawling away behind the wall.  Fortunately, the Berzerkers mistook this for 
Ayeka pointing at them again.
"Oh my god," Sasami screamed," They look horrible!  What happened to 
them!  Oh, we have to help them!"
"Yes, Washu, is there any way we can get to them?" Tenchi asked quickly.
"Well… yes, there is one way I can think of, but that involves… going 
through." Washu explained rather grimly.
"Hey Washu…" Ryoko began.
"Yes, what is it?" Washu responded.
"Now, we can go through this thing right?  But… can they come through to 
here?"  Ryoko questioned, with a rather puzzled look on her face.
Washu's face suddenly changed to a look of horror.  "Yes… actually they 
can."
"Well, that's not good" Ryoko said, pointing to the portal.  Everyone looked, 
just before the Berzerkers pointed their pistols at them, and opened fire, 
the bolts flying through the portal into the lab.  Sasami screamed, as 
Washu ducked behind a consul, and Ryoko flipped back to the side of the 
portal.  Fortunately, Ayeka reacted quickly enough to put up a shield 
around them, the bolter fire pinging off the shield, although each shot 
drained her more then she would have expected.  The bolts instead 
ricocheted into glass containers and beakers, pulverizing metal panels and 
basically ruining the lab in general.

	The Berzerkers at this point are firing into the portal, and Mihoshi 
wakes up to the sound of gunfire, Kiyone still unconscious.  She looks 
around in panic, though manages to keep from screaming.  She ventures a 
look over the wall, to see the Berzerkers shooting into the portal.  Ryoko, 
however, wasn't going to take this lightly, as she shot a charged blast 
through the portal, hitting a Berzerker in the chest and sending him flying 
over the wall in a cloud of smoke.  The other three scattered behind rocks 
and things, but they stopped firing.

"That'll teach you to shoot at my Tenchi!" Ryoko yelled at the portal as she 
shot another blast through, hitting the wall, but not even denting it to her 
surprise.
"Ryoko, stop!  Kiyone and Mihoshi are behind that wall!  You might blast 
them to bits!"  Tenchi yelled across the lab.
"Oh yeah, that's right." She whispered to herself.
	At this point the group stands around trying to figure out how to save 
their friends, totally unaware that one of the Berzerkers has taken a frag 
grenade from his bandoleer and is about to chuck it through the portal.
"Eat this, ya fuckin' shitbags!" The Berzerker screamed at the disc, as he 
chucked the grenade over his shoulder through the portal.  The grenade 
just happened to hit Ryoko in the back of the head.
"Ow, hey!  What's this?" Ryoko mumbled as she caught the grenade in her 
palm.  Tenchi took one look at it, and then jumped back. 
"RYOKO THAT'S A GRENADE!" He yelled, running behind the consul next to 
Washu.  Ayeka panicked and dragged Sasami off to another corner, as 
Ryoko finally realized what she was holding, and barely through it over the 
edge of the stairs before it blew up, rocking the laboratory, breaking more 
glass and such.

	The Berzerker cursed under his breath, as he and his fellows decided 
to brain storm their next move behind the rocks.  Mihoshi had been 
watching the whole time, but couldn't work up enough courage to call out 
to Tenchi and the others, for fear of the Berzerkers hearing her.  Suddenly, 
she felt a nudge in her side, as Kiyone had managed to regain 
consciousness and was mumbling something, her arm half pointing out 
into the field.
"Oh, Kiyone!  I'm so glad you're ok!  I was so scared you might have been 
dead!" Mihoshi choked as she hugged her partner nearly to death.
"Mihoshi…get off of me…and look…" She managed to mutter, still jabbing 
her finger into the field.  They both looked out to see the 4th Berserker's 
corpse being examined by a group of pitch black armored beings with tall, 
funnel like helmets with locks of wispy black hair protruding from some of 
them.  They looked almost like something from a nightmare, covered in 
black and maroon spikes and blades, their eyes a pale jade.  Their dull gold 
weapons were adorned with emerald and ruby like gems, as well as more 
silver blades and spikes.  One of them (Dark Eldar Warriors, for those who 
haven't figured it out yet) spotted Kiyone and Mihoshi and the group slowly 
began to slink across the field towards them.
	
	At this point, you should probably know what's going on in the 40K 
side of the plot.  The battle has ended, as the Space Wolves were driven 
from the area by a surprise attack from the forces of Chaos.  Both sides 
have more or less left the battlefield, as the Dark Eldar had arrived to 
scavenge for wounded men as slaves, perhaps to fight in the arenas or for 
torture.
	
	The Warriors were cautious, sneaking close quietly, even though they 
knew their intended targets had already seen them, in order to elude the 
Berzerkers occupied at the strange blue disc.  The Dark Eldar were within a 
dozen yards before Mihoshi realized she still had her blaster, but as she 
fumbled for it, the Dark Eldar were practically on top of them, bayonets to 
their necks.  One of the Warriors motioned them to be silent, or else he 
would kill them.  They nodded, as a second Warrior took the blaster from 
Mihoshi.  The Warriors, 6 in total, then slinked up next to their new 
prisoners, to look over the wall at whatever was occupying the Berzerkers.  
If not interfered with, the Warriors would more then likely have successfully 
ambushed the Berzerkers, taken that GP officers as slaves, and would 
never be heard from again.  However, thanks to Mihoshi's knack for 
screwing things up, she managed to sneeze, quite loudly, in fact.  This 
startled the Warriors, and one of the Berzerker's looked up, and 
immediately opened fire with his pistol, nailing a Warrior between the eyes.  
The Berzerkers leapt up and charged the Warriors, entering a vicious hand-
to-hand struggle of 3 vs. 5, however the Berzerkers were easily more skilled 
then the Warriors.  Attempting to take advantage of the opportunity, Kiyone 
and Mihoshi flopped over the wall and hobbled to the portal, and were 
almost through before one of the Warriors slammed into them from behind, 
sending all 3 through the portal with a scream.  The Berzerker followed 
them in, and eventually, most of the brawl ended up through the portal, 
except for another Warrior, who was sliced open by a chainaxe during the 
fighting.

	Tenchi and the others heard the fighting break out, and looked just 
in time to see Kiyone, Mihoshi, and the 1st Warrior topple through the 
portal, followed by a Berzerker.  They jumped up and immediately came to 
the aid of their friends, Ryoko blasting the Berzerker into a bulkhead, the 
Warrior rolling off under the portal, trying to find his gun.  Tenchi and 
Ayeka managed to drag the wounded Kiyone and Mihoshi away from the 
melee, which seemed to be unaware that they had changed settings.  
Eventually Washu used some kind of security system to shock all the 
intruders into unconsciousness, though the Berzerkers took a while longer 
to subdue then the Warriors.  As Sasami and Ayeka helped Washu take 
Mihoshi and Kiyone to medical units, Tenchi looked over at the smoking 
bodies of the newest aliens in his household, though defiantly more hostile 
then any he had come to meet so far.  At the suggestion of Washu, he and 
Ryoko managed to get the aliens into holding cells, separating the 3 
Berzerkers from the 4 remaining Warriors.  About an half an hour later, we 
come back to see Kiyone and Mihoshi sitting at the table with everyone 
else, Kiyone's arm in a sling, Mihoshi's ribs wrapped in bandages, both of 
them with minor band aids and dressing for other wounds.
"I'm just glad we managed to get out of there," Kiyone sighed," I really 
thought they were going to kill us.  Those burly guys in the red and brass 
are the ones who did most of the damage.  The other guys showed up just 
before we came back, and actually… kinda saved us."
"Yeah," Mihoshi chimed in," If it weren't for them, I bet we wouldn't have 
made it past those scary red guys!  I'm just glad Kiyone was with me, or I 
don't think I would've managed anything without her!  I love you, Kiyone!"  
Mihoshi tries to hug Kiyone, her hands landing on the busted shoulder, and 
Kiyone's elbow ending up in Mihoshi's ribs, causing both of them to recoil 
in pain.
"I really think you should shut that portal thing off for good, Washu," 
Tenchi said skeptically," If it causes this much trouble, we can't keep it 
here.  Speaking of which, you DID turn it off, right?"  Moment of silence as 
Washu goes into deep though.
"Of course I did!" She cries triumphantly, and everyone does a face fault of 
relief.
Ryoko gave a sigh, and looked back at the door to the lab.  " What're we 
gonna do with those psychos that came through?  We can't let them stay 
here, cause they might hurt my Tenchi!"  Ryoko throws her arms 
protectively around Tenchi, who immediately gets the bead of sweat on the 
forehead.  We'll skip the argument this will cause between Ryoko and 
Ayeka, cause I'm sure you all know what that's like.
"She does have a point though," Tenchi admitted," We can't just leave 
them here.  Why don't we send them back?"
"Well, I would if I could…" Washu started.  The group glared at her 
suspiciously.  "I mean, the machine can't just do this at will!  It has to 
recharge before I can reopen the portal.  Besides, I have to figure out what 
criteria Ryoko put in before opening the portal.  It could take a while, even 
for a genius of my esteemed stature."
"So we're stuck with them…?" Ayeka mumbled. "That's unacceptable!  We 
don't know that they won't go crazy and try to kill us all!  We have to get rid 
of them, as soon as possible!"
"But we can't just kill them…" Sasami whimpered.  A moment of silence 
ensues, as Kiyone nods.
"She's right though, if we kill them, we'll be no better then they are.  Those 
monsters… just slaughtering each other like cattle.  Its disgusting!" Kiyone 
shudders slightly.  " Maybe we can take them in to a GP station." Mihoshi 
suggested.  "Great idea!" Kiyone said, as she jumped up, then yelped in 
pain from her arm, and flopped down on the couch again. "Maybe when we 
get better…"
"We'll just have to hold them in those cells for now," Washu concludes, in 
an assertive tone.  
"I guess I'll go make them some food…" Sasami suggests as she walks into 
the kitchen.  Washu goes back into her lab to work on the machine, and 
secretly starts running tests on the aliens.  Everyone else simply sits 
around, wondering what they'll do with their newest "house guests".


	And there you have it, for now.  Kiyone and Mihoshi escape the hell 
of Warhammer 40K, but seem to have brought back a few hitchhikers with 
them.  What will Tenchi and the gang do with such dangerous, 
unpredictable beings?  Find out next chapter!
