Eye of Terror
Introduction


        Well, this being my first shot at anything like this in a 
while, I guess I'll try to be brief.  It's a cross over with heavy 
influence from the Warhammer 40K universe.  Let's just say, 
that things get messy… A few disclaimers at this point, most of 
which you probably already know the drill for.  Tenchi and 
friends are owned by Pioneer and some other company I can't 
remember, and anything related to Warhammer 40K is owned 
by Games-Workshop.  I'm not making any kind of monetary gain 
from this, in fact the only benefit being the cease of my extreme 
boredom for the duration of my writing this story.  Don't bother 
suing me, cause whatever you get from me won't even come 
close to the legal fee costs, so don't even think about it.  And 
one last thing:  This story is REALLY, REALLY (I'm serious about 
this now) violent, and contains quite a bit of swearing and such.  
I recommend if that sort of thing offends you in any way, don't 
read this, cause it'll piss you off a hell of a lot.  And don't get 
mad at me if your favorite character gets beaten up or killed.  
Did I say killed?  I meant mortally injured or maimed…heh heh. 
The same goes for any particular Warhammer 40K army or 
group.  I'm not playing favorites here; so don't breathe down my 
neck about that kind of stuff.   Any way, let's have some 
common sense, all right?

Eye of Terror Ch 1
Let the Gates Be Open…

	Deep within the dark confines of the laboratory of Washu, "greatest" 
scientist of the universe, the newest creation of this brilliant mind was 
about to be unveiled . . .
	We come to find the gang gathered around what looks to be a 
recreation of Washu's dimensional controller (The thing with the funny 
mechanical eyeball).
"Now don't get me wrong," Tenchi started, " But didn't this thing send us 
spinning off into parallel universes or something?"
Washu, slightly annoyed, regrouped herself to explain.  "Well, yes, 
but that wasn't MY fault…"  (Glares at Everyone Else)
	(Much scoffing and denials of wrongdoing ensue)
"As I was TRYING to say, I've installed security measures on this version, 
making it absolutely impossible to tamper with without MY personal pass 
codes!   Now my fabulous invention will be safe for sure!!"  Washu's little 
robot clones commence to pop up and praise her, lights and confetti cue, 
along with the mad scientist laugh.
	The whole time now, Ryoko had slinked up to the machine, 
examining the controls.  Just as she ventured to press one of the buttons, 
Washu pops out from behind her, giving her a smack on the hand.
"Hey!  What was that for?  I was just looking!"  Ryoko muttered in a hurt 
voice.
"I don't want you messing around with my greatest invention this time!" 
Washu retorted.
" It serves you right," Ayeka chimed in, " You're always touching things that 
you shouldn't be…"
"And just what would you be implying, your royal lowness?"  Ryoko 
sneered.
"Well, I never…. You… You!"  Ayeka began.
"Enough!" Tenchi cried, holding his hands up between them.  " Can we 
please not have a brawl in here?"
Sasami, finally venturing to say something, asked, " So why did you show 
us this, Washu?"
After a moment or two was taken to calm growing tempers, Washu turns 
around again from the machine. "I'm so glad you asked that, Sasami.  You 
see, there's something a little different about this version besides the 
security I put on it.  Instead of changing reality, it opens a portal to the 
parallel dimension of your creation, allowing access back and forth without 
destroying the delicate balance of the dimensional space continuum.  You 
get it?"
A few seconds pass…
" No " responds the entire group, followed by a sweat drop on Washu.
"Why don't you just use the thing?" Ryoko blurted.  " Here, I'll help you!"  
She flew up to the controls and began smashing away at them, the security 
codes already off, allowing function to occur.
" Get away from that!  You don't know what you're doing!" Washu 
screamed.
	But before anyone could stop her, Ryoko entered the command, as 
the brilliant blue oval portal crackled to life behind them, just as Kiyone 
and Mihoshi walked in after being directed by Noboyuki.
"What's this all…Ahhh!" Kiyone exclaimed before walking straight into the 
translucent blue oval, followed mindlessly by Mihoshi.  The rest could only 
gaze in amazement/horror as they disappeared into nothingness, the oval 
beginning to crackle as some kind of picture appeared, followed by echoing 
gunshots and colossal shelling explosions rocked the lab.  They had 
inadvertently opened the Gates of Hell…

	Sergeant Doler muttered in anger and disgust as he and his men 
were forced to retreat to cover again, the bolter fire of the enemy skipping 
off their power armor and the rubble they now hid behind.
"What the fuck happened out there!?  Can't you assholes hit anything!?" 
Doler screamed at his remaining men, now only 6 from the original 10.
"Sir, we have been hitting them the whole time," one of them shouted," it 
just doesn't seem to be doing anything to those bastards!"
	Doler mentally slapped himself in the face, realizing the Chaos scum 
he had been shelling were Thousand Sons; immune to missile fire of the 
caliber he had with him.  Unfortunately, the merciless hail of the cursed 
Tzeentch spawn had gunned down their heavy bolter gunner, leaving them 
nothing left.  He coughed slightly as a dust cloud shot up around them as 
an autocannon shell smashed into the dirt nearby.  Doler light up another 
cigarette, as he ventured another look from behind the rock.  Unfortunately 
for him, the Thousand Sons had advanced quite a bit under the cover fire, 
and were less then 20 ft away when one of them aimed with robotic 
precision, sending a stream of scorching plasma into Doler's face, blasting 
apart his skull and roasting his brain.  Elsewhere, across the field…
	Khaza laughed with insanity through his helmet as his chain sword 
tore into another Space marine's power armor, hearing the pitiful soul 
scream as he was cut down in the heat of battle.  Being turned on by this 
frenzy, he looks around himself at the swirling melee about him.  His 
Khorne Berzerker unit had successfully eluded the sights of the Space Wolf 
Long Fangs, now ripping the pitiful gunners to shreds, as their heavy 
weapons were useless in close proximity combat.  Laughing again with 
bloodlust and glee watching his fellow Berzerkers annihilate the weakling 
Loyalists, he opened up with his bolt pistol into the unit leader, his armor 
taking the bolts as he charged and tried to skewer Khaza on his sword.  
Pathetic, Khaza thought, my skills at this far exceed his.  Khaza deflected 
the oncoming sword with ease and spun in a flash of death, as his chain 
sword came around into the back of the Marine's kneecap, slicing it in half 
at the sealed joint, blood splattering out as the Marine's pathetic screams 
filled Khaza's ears.  Continuing his merciless onslaught, Khaza placed his 
bolt pistol at the Sergeant's unshielded head, smiling behind his skull 
visage as he pulled the trigger, a dozen shells the size of golf balls 
shattering the man's skull, sending a cloud of blood and brains into the air, 
once again coating the brass and red Khornate armor that Khaza wore with 
pride.  Rising from the Loyalist corpse, Khaza looked around him with 
twisted joy as his fellow Berzerkers cut down the last of the despicable 
Long Fangs.  
He looked across the field, surveying the battle.  He saw the great 
winged form of Lord Gazin, his lord and daemon prince leader, ripping into 
the ranks of a pathetic squad of Grey Hunters, running in panic and firing 
futilely at his Daemonic flesh.  Elsewhere, the Blood Letters of Khorne, his 
daemonic brothers in arms, chased down a unit of occupational Imperial 
guardsmen, fleeing in terror from the forces of the Warp.  Gunfights and 
shelling surrounded him in a massive symphony of destructive forces, 
ripping bodies, armor, and terrain apart as if it were paper.  Blood for the 
Blood God, Khaza mused to himself as he regrouped his squad to advance 
on the Loyalist positions.  However, something caught his eye as he began 
to run among the rock ridges that the Long Fangs used for cover.  An odd, 
brilliant blue disc suddenly appeared from nowhere, and what looked like 2 
forms flew out of it, landing unceremoniously in the dirt.
"More Daemons?" Khaza thought.  "No, there's no one over there but 
them… You 4 go over there and check out that weird disc portal!  There 
could be more foes lurking about."
"Yes Sir!"  One of the Berzerkers yelled over the din of battle as they 
rushed to the area, ready to pounce on our unsuspecting heroines…
	Kiyone and Mihoshi landed with a thud in the dirt, and were 
immediately stunned by an audio assault of gunfire, explosions, and 
screaming.  Kiyone sat up immediately, pulling out her GP issue blaster, 
whipping it about frantically, and trying to figure out where she might be.
"What the hell is this?  Where are we?  MIHOSHI, GET UP!"  Kiyone 
screamed as she practically kicked the form of her partner, who had yet to 
get up from the ground.  Groaning, she got to her feet, and immediately 
released a scream, and clung to Kiyone's back, covering her eyes with her 
hands.
"Kiyone, help me!! Where are we!  What's going on!"? Mihoshi shrieked.
"I'd tell you, but I CAN'T SEE ANYTHING!!  GET OFF OF ME!!" Kiyone 
screamed back, managing to pry Mihoshi off of her just in time to see the 
pack of Berzerkers surround them from over a ruined wall.  She backed up 
slowly with a bit of fear, tripping over Mihoshi and falling to a heap, her 
right arm once again in the fear-filled death grip of Mihoshi.  She gazed in 
terror at the size of the metal monstrosities approaching them, at least a 
full 3 ft taller then a regular man, covered in hideous red and brass armor, 
which she could tell by the smell, was literally drenched in blood.  Her eyes 
fell onto the massive weapons they toted with them, pistols the size of her 
head and axe like weapons with whirling chainsaw engines.
" Drop your weapon, Loyalist scum, or Khorne will drink your blood!  And 
you, (Points the pistol at Mihoshi) SHUT THE FUCK UP!"
	All they could to was comply, as Kiyone chucked her blaster over a 
wall, her hands in the air, Mihoshi actually being quiet, with a slight sniffle.
"Now get up!  And don't try anything funny, bitch, or I'll rip your intestines 
out and hang them on my backpack for decoration!" The Berzerker yelled 
as he and the others motioned for Kiyone and Mihoshi to get up.  They did, 
slowly, with Mihoshi still half clinging to Kiyone's back.
"What're you going to do to us…?" Kiyone managed to stutter, while still 
backing up, but forcing Mihoshi into one of the ruined walls, which caused 
her to squeak.  One of the Berzerkers was set off by this, firing his pistol 
into the air about inch from Mihoshi's head, the bullet whipping through 
the ribbon in her hair, which of course caused her to scream again.  The 
first Berzerker was really pissed by this time and took a step (more of a 
leap) towards them.
"I SAID SHUT THE FUCK UP, GOD DAMNIT!"  The Berzerker swung his 
chainaxe sideways, aimed at Mihoshi's skull, however Kiyone pushed her 
out of the way and took the blow in the right shoulder, sending her 
sprawling against the wall and dislocating her arm with a sickening crack.
"Shit…" she managed to mutter under her breath while straining to control 
the pain.  Mihoshi began to cry on the ground, however the Berzerker put a 
stop to this with a well aimed kick in the gut, easily knocking the wind out 
of her, perhaps breaking a rib or two as well.  A second Berzerker stepped 
forward and grabbed Kiyone by her now broken shoulder, lifting her up like 
a rag doll, furthering the wound in his iron grip, and causing her to moan at 
the pain.
" What's the matter, little girl…" The Berzerker muttered, his face drawing 
up to Kiyone's," Can't take the pain…?"  Kiyone could smell that he was 
covered in blood, the stench of which almost caused her to gag at its 
strength.  Kiyone only groaned, her left arm groping at the wound in the 
Marine's fist, as he started to laugh, and dropped her into the dirt next to a 
quietly sobbing Mihoshi.  The Berzerker turned around to see his fellows 
examining the blue crackling disc, which our two heroines were chucked 
out of.  It began to spit and spark, as an image of Washu's lab showed in 
the center, the Berzerker's watched in confusion as the image centered on 
the group inside, which seemed to be staring back at them, and pointing 
with looks of horror on their faces.  One of the Berzerker's scoffed, and 
cursed at the group in the disc, holstering his pistol so he could flick them 
off, the other's laughing haughtily at the gesture.  Behind them however, 
Kiyone had managed to stand half way back up, and to help Mihoshi to her 
feet, motioning her to keep silent, pointing at the Berzerkers.  She 
amazingly understood, and stayed silent as the two slowly slinked off to the 
left, and ducked behind the wall.
"I think we should be safe for now." Kiyone whispered before she passed 
out from the pain her wounds were causing, as Mihoshi gripped her partner 
in terror, the blood from Kiyone's wound seeping from her shirt onto 
Mihoshi's hands.  Paralyzed with fear while holding Kiyone's unconscious 
form close, Mihoshi cried, ever so quietly, eventually putting herself to 
sleep within the hellish nightmare of this twisted, new world…


That's all for now, but come back next time to see if Kiyone and 
Mihoshi can escape the horrors of the Warhammer 40K Universe!  Or 
perhaps the Chaos spawn of Khorne will eventually have their way with their 
would-be prisoners… Until next time!
