A New Face in the Family
Part 6: No Need for Examinations

	Last time we left off, Mercury had started Tenchi’s 
training and was busy trying to figure out about himself 
especially after his talk with Ayeka. Now he seems 
interested in Washu. Can she help him discover his past or 
does she already know something that she isn’t sharing with 
the others? Find out today in Part 6 of “A New Face in the 
Family”!

	The scene opens at the lunch table. Every one is 
eating the great feast that Sasami has cooked up. Mercury 
has been positioned between Ayeka and Washu. Every one is 
as usual complimenting Sasami’s exquisid cooking skills. 
During the meal Washu whispers in Mercury’s ear, 

“I know who you are.” Mercury gives her an inquisitive look 
and then she tells him to come to her lab. Mercury nods and 
after lunch they both go to Washu’s lab. When they’re both 
in her lab, Washu turns to Mercury and tells him to sit 
down on her examination table. “I am going to examine your 
neural flow and your physical attributes.” Washu explained. 
“Now take off your robe please.” Washu began putting 
sensors on his chest, head, back, and arms. 

“Excuse me, Washu but you said you knew who I was. 
Explain.” Mercury asks the red-haired scientist. 

“Yes I did. But that was a bluff to get a chance to examine 
you. Maybe I will find something out though.” Washu then 
made a computer appear out of thin air and began typing 
something on it. “Hmm. This is strange.” Washu said as she 
looked at a chart that popped up on her computer screen.

“What’s that?” Mercury asked.

“You have an unusually high energy level.” Washu explained. 
“By numerical definition ryoko has an energy level of 
approximately 335. Whereas you have an energy level of 
about 180,000.” 

“Is that bad?” Mercury asked.

“Not if your body is able to control all that energy then 
it is never dangerous.” She replied as she continued to 
type on her computer. “Wait a minute this can’t be right.”

“What is it Washu?” He asked sounding concerned.

“My equipment must have a bug in it. It says your internal 
body temperature is at zero degrees Celsius.” Washu 
answered. “That’s the freezing point of water. Nobody 
should be able to survive with an internal body temperature 
lower than thirty degrees. This could take a lot of work. 
We will continue some other time, okay?” 

“Yeah sure. Whatever you think is best.” Mercury said as he 
began to peel off the sensors that Washu had put on his 
body. 

Now the scene moves upstairs where Ayeka is reading a book 
on the couch while ryoko on the other end is watching TV. 
Sasami is seen on the floor playing with Ryo-Ohki. Ayeka 
seems to be in deep thought about something. Sasami notices 
this and whispers something in Ryo-Ohki’s ear. Ayeka while 
in thought smiles and gets a slight blush across her cheek. 
Her smile widens as she shuts her eyes for a moment. That’s 
when it happened.

“Ahh!” Ayeka screamed as she jumped up on the back of the 
couch. Sasami sat on the floor laughing as Ryo-Ohki sat on 
the couch and meowed at Ayeka. 

“So what were you thinking about sis?” Sasami asked her 
older sibling. 

“No…nothing, really. Why do you ask?” Ayeka stuttered. 

“Because you were blushing.” Sasami said pointing to her 
sister’s cheeks. “I bet it was about Tenchi, huh?” Sasami 
asked giving her sister a sly look. 

“No, of course not.” Ayeka said giving Sasami an insulted 
look. And for once she spoke the truth about the matter. 

“Oh come on, admit it. You were fantasizing about Tenchi 
weren’t you?” Ryoko buts in. 

“You stay out of this!” Ayeka commands. Ryoko just smiles 
and points at Ayeka making kissing noises. Ayeka’s face 
turns bright red with anger and instead of fighting she 
storms out of the room. Ryoko and Sasami just look at each 
other in shock. 

“Your sister is a little sensitive lately, huh Sasami?” 
ryoko asks still in shock over Ayeka’s behavior moments 
ago. 

“Uh, huh.” Is all Sasami can mutter in response. As they’re 
both staring still in the direction of Ayeka’s leave a loud 
splash is heard and Mihoshi walks in. 

“hi every body I am back!” Mihoshi greets as she then 
notices the scene in the room. “huh? What’s wrong with you 
two and where is every one else?” 

	It would seem that something is stirring in both Ayeka 
and Mercury’s inner selves. Ayeka seems to have some sort 
of “warm feelings” for the new guy. While Mercury tends to 
be a little colder inside, literally! Can Washu find out 
what’s going on inside our friend’s body cavity? And could 
Ayeka be giving up on Tenchi? Who knows (well I do ‘cause I 
am writing this fic.)? See you next time!

The End
Part 6
