A New Face in the Family
Part 3: No Need for Power


	When we last left off Mercury the mysterious stranger had 
come to pay a visit to the Masaki shrine. The others soon learned 
there were more to this blue-robed stranger than meets the eye. 
What other secrets could he be hiding and just what are his 
intentions? Find out today in chapter 3 of "A New Face in the 
Family"!

	The scene opens later in the evening on the same day. Mihoshi 
and Kiyone have gone back to their apartment for the night. Sasami 
and Ryo-Ohki have turned in as well. Actually the only ones up are 
Mercury, Ayeka, Ryoko, and Tenchi. They are all sitting outside 
by a campfire that Mercury and Tenchi had made. 

"So how long are you going to be staying with us?" Tenchi asks Mercury trying to 
start a conversation. 

"As long as it seems necessary." Mercury replies not even taking his gaze off of 
the fire. 

"Hey you!" it was Ayeka screaming at Ryoko who was cuddling up against Tenchi 
again. "Leave lord Tenchi be!" 

"Oh yeah and who is gonna make me? You?" Ryoko responds almost daring Ayeka to 
fight with her. 
And she did. Ryoko and Ayeka both charged up energy blasts and 
were preparing to fire them at each other. 

"Wait, girls!" Tenchi pleaded. But it was too late. They both fired their blasts 
at each 
other and the blasts met each other halfway causing a huge 
explosion. When the smoke finally cleared Tenchi and the girls all 
stood in awe of what they saw. Mercury was standing right where 
the blasts met. He had arms outstretched in both directions and was 
completely untouched. 

"He, he canceled out both of our blasts." Ryoko said in disbelief. Mercury 
lowered his hands and said, 

"I don't know what normally goes on this house but while I am here I 
will not allow violence. Ayeka, I expected a lot more from a crowned 
princess of the Jurai royal family." Mercury sighs and ads, "I have 
had enough of this for tonight. I am turning in. Goodnight 
everyone." Ryoko and Tenchi both are still dumbfounded. Ayeka 
just watches Mercury in curiosity as he walks towards the house. 

"Wow, maybe those stories about his legendary power are true. 
How else could he withstand such a blast from both Ryoko and me 
without so much as a scuff mark." Ayeka thought to herself. 

The next morning was pretty normal except for the slight tension 
between Ayeka, Ryoko, and Mercury. Sasami was the first to 
notice this tension and decided to nudge her sister to wake her from 
her trance. 

"Ahh!" Ayeka shrieked while jumping up after Sasami nudged her. Sasami just 
giggled as everyone stared at the princess. After that breakfast went on as 
usual. "Uh Mercury, would you be 
so kind as to have a short walk with me alone after breakfast before 
you start training?" Ayeka blushed as she spat out her request. 

"As you wish princess I think I can spare the time." Mercury replied. 
So the family finished breakfast and everyone else went about their 
business. Ayeka and Mercury prepared to set out on their walk 
together. 

	It would seem that Mercury's legendary power might be more 
than just myth after all. And what does our princess want with our 
new guest? Could there be more than just a friendly curiosity 
present here? Find out that and more in the next episode of "A New 
Face in the Family"!

End Part 3
(All names depicted herein are the sole ownership of pioneer and who ever made 
Sailor 
Moon [can't remember right now])

