A New Face in the Family
Part 4: No Need for Discussions

	Last time Mercury showed off a bit of his "legendary" power 
when he stood between two powerful blasts from Ayeka and Ryoko 
and was left untouched! Ayeka has also seemed to take a sudden 
interest in the stranger and has invited him on a private hike. What 
will they discuss? And are there even greater depths to Mercury's 
power? Find out today in episode 4 of "A New Face in the 
Family"!

	The scene opens as Ayeka is seen waving to Tenchi and 
grandfather as they head for their usual spot to train. Ayeka and 
Mercury head off alone. It takes a few minutes for Ayeka to come 
up with the nerve to ask him something. 

"So uh, where do you come from?" Ayeka asks just letting the words fall out. 

"Well I come from many places actually. But my true origin is unknown even to 
me." He responds while still staring at his feet as he trudges along. 
You see I can remember back about 5,000 years ago but that 
doesn't really help much since I know that I am actually about 
100,000 years old roughly figured." Ayeka looked at Mercury with 
shock in her eyes. Ayeka was used to people being older than they 
looked. She was like that herself but she was only 800 years old. 
That's nowhere near as old as this guy's lapsing memory. 

"But isn't that impossible? I mean I can't recall anybody who ever 
survived living at half your age short of an immortal." Ayeka said 
still in shock. 

"I know. Sometimes I think I may be immortal but for some reason I doubt that I 
am." Mercury responded then looked over towards Ayeka. He noticed her in deep 
thoughts with a slight 
blush on her cheeks. "Is something else on your mind highness?" 
Ayeka breaks out of her momentary trance, and tries to cover for 
herself knowing she just got caught blushing. 
"Uhmm, well, not really." As she's saying this she is thinking to herself, "wow, 
you 
know for a guy that claims to be that old he doesn't look any older 
than myself. He's even kinda cute. Not cuter than Tenchi though." 

"Are you sure you're all right?" Mercury asks, as Ayeka is caught 
blushing and daydreaming again. 

"Yes fine, thank you." Ayeka says smiling at Mercury. "So you don't know where 
you come from 
or any of your family members?" Mercury just nods. 

"That's correct. The only clue I have is a peculiar birth mark on my 
shoulder." He lifts his sleeve to reveal a snowflake-shaped blue 
mark with the name 'Mercury' written underneath. "Well I 
should get to my training now. I can't keep Yosho waiting. I hope 
I answered your questions adequately princess. See you later." 
Ayeka nods with a smile and as he is walking off towards the 
training grounds where Tenchi and his grandfather are training she 
realizes something. 

"Wait a minute, who told him that Katsuhito is actually my half-brother Yosho?"

	It seems that Mercury knows more than he lets on. What 
other secrets does he know about the family or is hiding about 
himself? Find out in the next chapter of "A New Face in the 
Family"! 

End Part 4
