A New Face in the Family
Part 2: No Need for Introductions

	Last time, Kiyone and Mihoshi were called on duty to stop a terrorist. 
But when they got there someone else had beaten them to the punch. Later on 
another stranger appeared at the shrine and asked permission to stay with the 
family for a while. Katsuhito agreed to his terms. But who are these two 
mystery men? Could they be one in the same? Find out today in part 2 of "A 
New Face in the Family"!

	The scene opens as Tenchi and Mercury are seen walking down the 
large staircase when they both stop. They wave to each other as Tenchi runs 
off toward the fields and Mercury heads towards the house. Things at the 
house are exactly as they were before Kiyone and Mihoshi were called out on 
duty. The silence is disturbed by the sound of a door opening and closing. 

"Tenchi is back early!" Sasami yells and runs out of the kitchen with Ryo-
Ohki trailing behind and is soon followed by her sister and Ryoko. 

"Ooof" was the sound from Ayeka as she darts past everyone and charges around 
the 
corner only to run face first into Mercury's chest. 

"I am sorry your highness. You aren't hurt are you? Please allow me to help you 
up. Please forgive me." Mercury says as he realizes that he just knocked down 
the first crowned 
princess of the Jurai royal family. 

"Ouch. Oh thank you. No I am sorry it was my fault completely." Ayeka says as 
Mercury helps her to her feet. She then looks up and exclaims, "wait a minute 
you aren't Tenchi. Who are you?" 
Mercury just bows and says, 

"My name is Mercury." He states. 

"Wait a minute, I know that voice. You're the guy who blew up that terrorist 
ship." 
Kiyone says ducking into the hallway where Ayeka and Mercury are 
standing. 

"Yes the man who saved your life by blowing up that terrorist 
vessel and myself are one in the same." Mercury replied. 

"You deliberately went against Galaxy Police code to blow up that vessel without 
our 
permission." Kiyone screamed at him. "I was going to be promoted back to 
headquarters but now that dream has been destroyed." Kiyone says as she 
skulks out of the room. Mercury just scratches his head in confusion. 

"Well anyway, I guess I should explain a few things to you. Is there somewhere 
where we can all sit and chat for a few moments?" Mercury asks. 

"Uh, sure. Right this way please." Ayeka says leading him into the living room. 
"By the 
way, you didn't happen to see Tenchi at all did you?" Ayeka asks. 

"Yes I did. He is at work in the field as we speak." He kindly responds. "Now 
then, let's 
see...ah yes. My name is Mercury, as you all now know. I am an ex-bounty 
hunter and Galaxy Police commander. I was also a mercenary fighting for 
the Jurians during the great war that took place 2500 years ago. Among 
certain crowds of people I am considered a myth. A legend existing only in the 
minds of the cowardly and superstitious. I am known for my great talent as a 
warrior and my chivalrous behavior. It has given me the name of Mercury 
Knight. I am not saying this to gloat but that is the story that surrounds me." 
Mercury informs, as everyone is either confused or dumbfounded. 

"Wait a minute, I've heard of you somewhere before. They said that the Mercury 
Knight is supposed to be just a legend. They also said it was a good thing too 
because he supposed to have a power within him that is greater than the Jurai 
power and that he physically can destroy whole planets with just a single blast 
of energy." Ryoko recalls. 

"I do have great power. Weather or not I possess power to destroy planets in a 
single blast or power above that of Jurai's royal emperor I will leave to you to 
decide. Any way, that is the story of my origin and now I shall tell you of my 
current status. I am here to train 
Tenchi and help with the temple. Until further notice." Mercury states. "Now 
that I have introduced myself to all of you I think it only fair to allow me 
your 
names in return. I already know Princesses Ayeka and Sasami from Jurai. 
I also recognize you Ryoko from your wanted poster. Do not worry I am no 
longer a bounty hunter and Sasami seems to trust you so I will do the 
same." 

	So everyone was introduced to Mercury and everything seemed in 
order. But what is the extent of this hidden power that Mercury is concealing? 
And is there more to this guy than meets the eye? Find out In Chapter 3 of 
"A New Face in the Family"!


End Part 2
(All names depicted herein are the sole ownership of Pioneer entertainment and 
whatever 
company that owns the rights to Sailor Moon.)
