A New Face in the Family 
Part 5: No Need for Training

	Last time we left off Mercury had just finished his hike with 
Ayeka and revealed some interesting facts about himself. Ayeka also 
seems to be drawing even closer to this new stranger than before. 
Could Ayeka fall for this new guy and still love Tenchi at the same 
time? Or will she dismiss her feelings for one of them? Wait and see 
as we kick off Part 5 of "A New Face in the Family".

	The scene opens as Mercury shows up where Tenchi and 
grandfather are training and Mercury starts to take over Tenchi's 
training. 

"All right Tenchi, I am going to teach you the art of kai 
fighting." Mercury states, as Tenchi looks confused. 

"Uhmm, sure but exactly what is 'kai fighting'"? Tenchi asks his new teacher. 

"Well Tenchi, kai fighting is the art of energy manipulation. You 
use the energy you gather in your own body as well as around you to 
defend yourself in many ways. The first part of your training 
however is this; you will wear a robe similar to mine only it will 
weigh about 50 pounds. You will continue your normal training 
under your grandfather under my supervision while wearing this 
robe constantly." Tenchi eyes pop wide open and his jaw drops as he 
is handed his training robe. The morning continued as usual until 
his training was done for the day. 

"Phew, now I can take this heavy robe off of me." As he starts to take the robe 
off a hand meets his shoulder. 

"Wait a moment there Tenchi. You have field work and 
chores left to do still and it would be more beneficial for you to keep 
that robe on through out that time." Tenchi groans and puts his robe 
back on. Mercury smiles and starts back for the house. Katsuhito 
also smiles, as he seems to approve of Mercury's training methods. 
As Tenchi and Mercury start walking toward the house Ryo-Ohki 
and Sasami meet them along the way. Ryo-Ohki as usual 
accompanies Tenchi in the field as he works and Sasami returns to 
the house with Mercury. "So young one what are you up to?" 
Mercury asks smiling at the child. 

"Well, I had some free time from my chores before I started cooking lunch for 
everyone so I 
decided to take a walk outside for a while." Sasami responds in her 
cheery voice. "So what did you and my sister talk about?" the girl 
asked the blue-robed man. 

"Nothing really. She wanted to know where I come from." He responded. When they 
got to the house 
Sasami ran over by her sister and Ryoko who were playing a card 
game (Quick take a picture, they're enjoying each others company!). 
Mercury saw Washu start to walk in her lab when she locked eyes 
with Mercury with what seemed a lot of curiosity and distrust in her 
eyes. Mercury just shook it off and decided to confront Washu in her 
lab. He was curious after all to see what the famous mad scientist 
was busy at work with anyway. He decided after lunch to do so. 
Who knows, maybe she can help him figure out more about himself. 

	It seems that Tenchi's training under Mercury has taken 
flight and it proves to be a grueling session. And does Washu know 
something about our new friend? Or maybe she can provide him with 
some way to find out? Find out in our next chapter of "A New Face 
in the Family"!

End Part 5
