A New Face in the Family
Part 8: No Need For New Powers



	Last time, the gang took their annual trip to Tenchi’s 
aunt’s inn. Tenchi and Mercury shared some secrets inside 
the hot springs and Ayeka shocked every one by not getting 
jealous of Ryoko and Tenchi. Could she be secretly longing 
for someone else? Find out today in part 8 of “A New Face 
in the Family”!

	The scene starts off after breakfast as Tenchi and 
Mercury is seen coming out the door of the house. Washu is 
then seen bolting out after them. 

“Please? It’ll only take a little bit. Your training can 
wait.” Washu pleaded in her cute voice.

“Sorry Miss Washu, but Tenchi’s training is going to the 
next step today.” Mercury refused.

“Oh, you’re so mean.” Washu said putting a cutsey 
disappointed look on her face.

	Meanwhile back in the house.

“What in the world?” Ryoko asked as she looked at Ayeka 
coming down the stairs. Ayeka was dressed all in blue and 
gold right down to her head and hair bands. “What happened 
to you?” Ryoko asked snickering.

“Nothing! I just felt like dressing this way today, that’s 
all.” Ayeka said sounding like she just got caught doing 
something wrong. 

“Whatever, do what you want. Just don’t think that you’re 
going to impress my Tenchi with that outfit.” Ryoko said.

“I don’t plan on it Ryoko. I am not a temptress like you 
are.” Ayeka shot back.

“What did you say? I think you’re just jealous of me and 
Tenchi.” Ryoko retorted.

“Hardly. I have better things to worry about.” Ayeka said 
not sounding too worried about the comment. Ryoko just 
looked shocked and just stared as Ayeka walked down the 
stairs and out the front door.

	Back up on the mountain, Tenchi is seen doing his 
usual training in the weighted robe that Mercury gave him. 
Tenchi seems to be getting used to the weight. He is moving 
just as fast as his grandpa while wearing the robe. 

“Tenchi, I think you’re ready for the next lesson.” Mercury 
said. “Come here Tenchi.” Tenchi walked over to where 
Mercury was with a curious look on his face. 

“I am going to start teaching you energy concentration.” 
Mercury said kneeling down and beckoning Tenchi to join 
him. “All right Tenchi first you need to be completely 
calm. Relax all your muscles and concentrate. Find the 
energy lying deep in the middle of your body. Then use your 
mind to bring it out.” Mercury instructed. Tenchi did this 
and he spent about fifteen minutes trying to bring out his 
power. 

“What’s this? I have never sensed power like this before.” 
Mercury said sounding shocked. “What is this glow?” Before 
he knew it Tenchi was glowing in a strange white light and 
then the light exploded and shaped around Tenchi. After the 
light died down a bit, Tenchi was wearing some strange 
Jurian uniform and had three large blades of light rotating 
in front of him.

“Could this be the legendary Light-Hawk wings?” Mercury 
asked. “But I thought that they could only be created by a 
certain Jurai ship. How could he be controlling them?” Just 
then Tenchi’s new uniform faded as did the Light-Hawk 
wings. He was now back in his training clothes.

“What just happened?” Tenchi asked. 

“You just generated Light-Hawk wings.” Mercury said. “It 
was previously thought that only the Jurai ship, Tsunami 
could have created them.” Mercury said still in total 
shock. 

	Well, it seems that Tenchi’s training has uncovered a 
few hidden powers within the boy. And will Ayeka ever 
confess to having feelings for Mercury? Guess you’ll have 
to wait.

	Next time, Washu continues her examinations on 
Mercury. This time she compares his data with Tenchi’s new 
data. And what’s this? Ayeka with lipstick on? What’s the 
occasion Princess? Find out next time in part nine of “A 
New Face in the Family”!

