A New Face in the Family
Part 1: No Need for Strangers

	The scene opens on an aerial view of the Masaki household. 
It's been about nine months after their adventures in space. The 
last time we saw Tenchi he met up with Ryoko on his way to school 
and she warned him that the "circus comes and goes. If you wait 
long enough, it'll always come back to you." Sure enough it did and 
things went back to way they were. It's a mid-morning summer day 
and Tenchi and his grandfather Katsuhito are heard sparring in the 
woods while Sasami and Ryo-Ohki are playing in the yard. 
Mihoshi is seen sleeping on one end of the sofa while Ayeka and 
Ryoko watching a soap opera take up the other end. Kiyone is 
reading a book at the table while munching on rice crackers. As 
usual Washu is in her lab conjuring up some new experiment. A 
small alarm is sounding in the background now. 

"Ahh! An emergency! Mihoshi, wake up!" Kiyone screams spilling the bowl of 
crackers and running out of the room. Mihoshi wakes up and trails 
behind her partner. They run outside and call Yagami. "All right 
Mihoshi listen up there is an interstellar terrorist seen passing 
through this sector. It could mean a big promotion if we can stop 
him." They fly out towards Jupiter where the culprit was spotted. 
When they finally get in sight of the ship they prepare to hail the 
vessel but as soon as Kiyone's hand touches the send call button the 
enemy ship explodes in a violent flash. After a few seconds of shock 
a call is received. "Uh, yes what is it?" Kiyone asks almost 
stuttering. The call is patched through and the monitor shows only a 
silhouette of a young man. 

"Hello there. Kiyone correct? I am sorry I had to act without Galaxy Police 
authority but he was already lying in wait for you and would have destroyed 
Yagami without you 
ever expecting it. I have done my civil duty in saving the lives of two 
fine officers and I will be leaving now. Don't worry about who I 
am. All questions will be answered in time. We will meet again." 
The transmission ends and the two young officers are at a loss for 
words. 

"Wow what an exciting assignment!" Mihoshi exclaims with her arms in the air. 
Kiyone just glares in her direction and starts the ship for home. 

A little while after lunch Tenchi and grandpa head back up the mountain for some 
more sparring before Tenchi starts his other chores. Over head a figure is seen 
moving 
up the stairs by the temple before darting off to the left about halfway 
up the stairway. Tenchi and Katsuhito are in the middle of a big 
sparring match when they both stop in shock as someone else's 
sword is now next to Tenchi's throat from behind him. 

"One should be prepared to encounter extra enemies in the heat of battle." 
Tenchi 
just nods and gulps. The sword is then withdrawn from his throat 
and the stranger is heard sheathing his weapon. 

"So tell me stranger who are you?" Katsuhito asks the stranger. The scene 
widens and a man with blonde hair and a long blue and white robe is 
seen. 

"My name is Mercury." The stranger replies. "I am a 
former bounty hunter and now I roam the stars searching for those 
who require my assistance. I heard of your exploits of course with 
Jurai and decided to follow you and look in on you people. I know it 
may be a bit too much to ask from you but I would like to offer my 
training to Tenchi and to help you with shrine and field work in 
exchange for shelter and food here until I can find other 
accommodations." Mercury asks bowing. 

"Hmm. Well we will see won't we?" Katsuhito replied. "All right, you can stay." 

"Thank you honorable father. I will do my best to live up to your 
expectations." 

	Well it would seem that another tenant has been 
added to the Masaki household. But what secrets do this stranger 
hold? Find out in chapter 2 of "A New Face in the Family"!

End Part 1
(All names depicted herein are the sole ownership of Pioneer entertainment and 
whoever 
owns the rights to Sailor Moon)
