Pug Productions

*********************************
Author: Pug
cruzd@rpi.edu
http://www.rpi.edu/~cruzd/pug/pug.html
*********************************

Insert standard disclaimer here:
A fan fiction based on Takahashi Rumiko's Manga 
series,  Ranma 1/2.  The characters of Ranma 1/2 are
the property of Takahashi Rumiko and her licensees.
All characters portrayed in this story are owned by 
Their respective creators and companies.  I don't own
any of them.  Please don't sue me.


Genre:  Ranma/Tenchi Muyo Alternate Reality, cross-
over.


Version 	1.00	Draft.  Created 12/31/99  
			Please forgive any spelling of 	
			grammar mistakes.
Version 	1.05	Spelling and Grammar corrections
Version 	1.10	Spelling and Grammar corrections 



Previous:
This work is based off a previous story of mine, "The 
Girl who wasn't and the Princess who was"  In short, 
Ranma left Nermia to start his live anew.  While 
searching for a cure to his curse, he came to the 
Masaki shrine and there he met Achika.  The rest of 
the story is based on the Tenchi movie: Tenchi Muyo 
In Love.  Ranma and Achika face Kain together and 
defeat the space criminal.  The result of this leads 
Ranma to a cure as well as love between him and 
Achika.  Now with out further ado, I present...


Father of the Prince

Prologue:

A boy ran through the woods. 

	He wore a pair of worn gray pants and the blue 
shirt.  His dark hair done up in a ponytail was 
matted with sweat.  He wiped his brow feeling a sting 
as perspiration touched his eyes.   

	The trees lining the way rushed by as his feet 
carried him down the dirt path.  There was a look of 
fear on his face as he pushed himself to go faster.  
With a surge of adrenaline he picked up the pace 
constantly looking behind him to see if he was being 
followed.  In once such instance he fell to the 
ground as his foot caught and exposed tree root.  A 
small object fell out from within his shirt and 
skittered in front of him.  It was an oddly shaped 
rod somewhat resembling a sword hilt. 

	The boy quickly recovered from his fall, 
clawing his way up from the dirt and picking up the 
hilt.  He was off again racing down the path.  He 
gripped the stick so tightly that his knuckles were 
turning white.  

	Eventually the maze of branches and leaves 
parted.  In the clearing the boy looked down toward 
his destination.  A white house with a red tile roof 
sitting next to a lake.  With a final surge of 
strength he sprinted to the door opening it and 
slamming it shut behind him.  He finally relaxed 
leaning his back to the door.

	As he struggled to catch his breath he looked 
up and saw a pair of two pairs of eyes looking at 
him.  Sitting together on the couch was an older man 
and a woman.  The two were watching television from 
what he could tell.  "Mom, Dad!  You're here!" he 
exclaimed.

	"Where else would we be?"  The man scratched 
his head.  His hair was tied in a pigtail. 

	"Something wrong Tenchi?" the woman asked.  Her 
black hair ran freely down her back with her features 
matching very closely to his.  "You look a little 
jumpy."  She had a concerned look on her face. 

	"N-no nothing's wrong," Tenchi stuttered.  He 
quickly shoved the sword hilt in his shirt. 

	"Look's like ya saw a ghost or something son."  
The older man laughed jokingly.  

	Tenchi smiled weakly.  "Yeah... a ghost... haha...  
I'm going to my room now."  Without any further 
comment Tenchi rushed up to the stairs and dove into 
his room. 

	The man and the woman blinked.  

	"What to you suppose that was about Ranma?"  
The woman asked her husband.

	Ranma shrugged.  "Don't worry about it Achika.  
I'm sure Tenchi can handle what ever it is."  He 
picked up the remote and started flipping though the 
channels. 

	"I suppose your right."  Achika said snuggling 
closer to him.  


Chapter 1.

The Present:

The school bell rang sounding the start of noon 
recess.  As the students gathered together and 
chatted among themselves Tenchi sat at his desk 
playing around with the sword hilt he had found 
during the summer.  There was a dubious look on his 
face as he studied the hilt.  'So this was suppose to
be Yosho's sword huh?  It doesn't look like much.'   

"Hey Tenchi what have you got there?"  A boy asked 
walking up to him.  He was a tall paunchy looking kid 
with a large nose and glasses on his face. 

"Huh?  Oh, hi Yuta.  Nothing just a piece of junk," 
Tehchi said as he placed the sword hilt back into his 
school bag.

Yuta pulled up a chair next to him.  "So Tenchi, how 
was your summer vacation?" 

Tenchi shrugged  "Same as usual just me working all 
day long.  It's suppose to be all part of training."  
He grimaced remembering the daily routine of waking 
up at the crack of dawn to practice with his father.  
Sleeping in was considered a punishable offence 
consisting of a bucket filled with cold water. 

"What a big drag, didn't you get to meet any girls."  
Yuta frowned.  

"Ha, You think they'd come to a shabby shrine in the 
mountains?"  

"Hell no."

"You can get to meet only old men and women up 
there."  Tenchi lamented.  "Just once I wish some 
cute girls would go there."

"Pretty slim pickings huh?  So I guess you dated 
mummies all summer?"  Yuta slapped him on the back 
and laughed at his joke.

"Yeah dried up mummies...  hahaha..."  Tenchi stopped 
laughing when he remembered the what happened in the 
demon cave.  The image of the dried up creature 
grabbing him and running it's gnarled crooked fingers 
across his face caused him to shudder.  Beads of 
sweat appeared on his brow. 

Yuta noticed his friend's reaction.  "Hey what's 
wrong Tenchi?"  He studied Tenchi's pale face.  
"Don't tell me that your were so hard up that you 
slept with a mummy!!!"  Yuta accused grabbing him by 
the collar.

Tenchi snapped.  "Baka!  I didn't sleep with no 
mummy!!!"  There was a large crash as Yuta collided 
with the lockers in the hall.  Recovering, Tenchi 
looked around the room and saw everyone staring at 
him.  "Eh... s-sorry Yuta."  He apologized profusely.  
Yuta accepted with a groan.  

Tenchi opted for a quick exit and walked out of the 
classroom.  He clenched his fists to keep his hands 
from shivering.  'Get a grip now, no one knows what I 
did last summer.'  He used an arm to lean against the 
wall taking a couple of deep breaths to help calm 
him down.  Just as he was settling down he was 
startled with a tap on his shoulder.

"Tenchi?" A voice behind him spoke.

"Ack!!!"  Jumped up and spun around quickly taking up 
a fighting stance.  His hands were up front set to 
attack or defend.  His body was balanced on the balls 
of his feet ready to react in a moments notice.  As 
his mind caught up to his reflexes, Tenchi recognized 
his would be assailant.   "M-mom!"

Achika looked at her son with a bemused expression.  
"No sparring during school hours Tenchi."

"Oh uh... sorry mom,"

Achika raised an eyebrow. 

"I mean Masaki-sensi," Tenchi said straightening up.  

Achika struggled not to laugh.  Tenchi reminded her 
much of how Ranma was like at that age.  Aside from 
inheriting his father's blue eyes, Tenchi also showed 
the sincerity of his emotions, which read off his 
face like a book.  

Achika shook her head.  'Where does the time go?  I 
could swear that it was only yesterday that Ranma had 
gotten detention for sleeping in class and I had to 
wait after school for him.  Now I'm the one who's 
trying to keep the students awake in my class.'

"Sensi?"  Tenchi saw the distant look in his mother's 
eyes. 

Achika cleared her throat.  "Never mind Tenchi.  Just 
don't let the other teachers catch you roughhousing.  
There are already enough dents in the lockers without 
you having to throw poor Yuta into them.  So no more 
incidents for the rest of the day, ok Tenchi?"

Tenchi nodded sheepishly.  "Hai Sensi."

Achika watched her son trot off.  'At least he's more 
studious than his father ever was,' she thought to 
her self.  Ranma still held the standing record of 
detention for sleeping in class.  She walked back to 
her class with a smile on her face remembering how 
cute Ranma looked napping on his desk.

***---**---***
The Past:

"Ranma!  Ranma!! Ranma for the last time stop 
sleeping in class!!!" the teacher bellowed.

"The answer's Hokido!"  The pigtailed boy exclaimed 
returning from his nap.  Ranma bolted up from his 
desk and was greeted with a piece of chalk hitting 
him on the head.

Mr.  Hojo the math teacher buried his face in his 
hands in exasperation.  

"Uh, Kyoto? No its Osaka right?" Ranma said with his 
mouth running. 

"Ranma!  Hall!  Now!" the man pointed to the door. 

"Hai sensi,"  Ranma said as he got up from his desk 
and headed for the door.  As he passed by her, Achika 
shook her head.

As Ranma headed off to get some buckets, Mr. Hojo 
continued on with the class.  "All right now, can 
someone begin the derivation of the Pythagorean 
theorem?  Ah yes, Nobuyuki please begin..."

Lunchtime:

As the students took out their lunches, Tanaka came 
over and sat by her friend.  "Hey Achika-chan eating 
alone again?"  She inclined her head toward Ranma who 
was again sleeping at his desk. 

"Looks like it," Achika said gloomily. 

"Hm, that's the third time this week that Ranma's 
been caught sleeping in class.   What have you two 
lovebirds been doing so late at night?  Eh Achika-
chan?" Tanaka leered at her friend.

Achika's face took on a red tint, then saddened a 
little.  "Father's has been pushing Ranma training 
pretty hard lately.  Their practices last a lot 
longer now.  Ranma doesn't seem to mind though.  I 
mean martial arts is very important to him and father 
hasn't had a decent sparing partner for a long time."

"Ah, no wonder you've been kind of moody lately.  
Ranma-kun doesn't seem to be paying enough attention 
to you.  I'm right aren't I?"  

"N-no t-that's not it at all."  Achika quickly began 
stuffing her face with her lunch.

Tanaka rolled her eyes.  "Achika really, Ranma's just 
busy lately it's not like he's intentionally 
neglecting you.  I know, why don't you tell your 
father that the extra training is affecting Ranma-
kun's academics and that he should lighten up a bit.  
It is the truth after all."

"I don't know..."  Achika said unsure.

"I'm sure it will work.  Besides I still remember how 
you tow acted after the fieldtrip to Tokyo.  You so 
sweet to each other I was positively sick."  Tanaka 
laughed. 

"Stop making fun of me," Achika said blushing.  
Finishing up the rest of her lunch she looked over to 
the pigtailed sleeper.  'He really does look cute 
when he sleeps.'   

***---**---***

The Present:

Tenchi looked down over the school grounds from his 
perch on the roof.  With no one around it was one of 
his favorite spots just to sit and think.  

Tenshi sat with his back against the wall and sighed.  
His thoughts taking him back the summer vacation.  
Ever since was he was little his grandfather had 
filled his head with storied about the shrine and its 
founding.  A demon falling from the sky and warrior 
of light coming to defeat it and locking it away in 
the cave.  

His mother was another source of information.  Her 
beliefs in the stories were as strong as his 
grandfather's.  From the first time he had stood at 
the mouth of the demon's cave Tenchi had wanted to 
know from himself if there was something there. 

For years Tenchi had sought out to enter the darkness 
and learn the truth, but there was always one 
obstacle, his father.  He remembered the first time 
his father caught him trying to find the keys to the 
gate entrance.  

**--*--**

 "Tenchi, there is enough complications in life that 
you don't want to go looking around for more. "  
Ranma said seriously to the eight-year-old boy.   
"Trust me on this, ok Tenchi?"

The little boy reluctantly nodded.  "Yes papa."

Ranma sighed remembering how active little boys were.  
"Tenchi, I think it's about time I started to teach 
you something."

Tenchi perked up.  "What's that papa?"

"It's something very old, passed down through my 
family.  How would you like to learn martial arts, 
Tenchi?  My pop taught me the Anything Goes school 
and I think it's about time I started to pass it down 
to you."

"Anything Goes?" the little boy said trying it out 
for the first time.  

Ranma nodded and smiled.  "Want to give it a try 
Tenchi?"

"Hai papa!" 

**--*--**

Going into the demon cave had definitely been a 
mistake.  "I should have listened to pop."  Tenchi 
lamented.   "But at least nothing happened."

"The stories were true..."  His brows fretted in 
thought.  "I can't believe that grandpa's said 
nothing about it.  Oh well, just as long as I don't 
have to deal with it anymore. "

Tenchi yawned stretching his arms out.  He felt 
himself drifting off tiredly.  Before he fell asleep 
Tenchi made a mental note to himself to take his 
father's advice more often. 

***--**--***

Ranma sneezed.  "Hm, hope I'm not coming down with 
anything."  He brushed off some leaves from his 
shoulder as he swept the steps leading up to the 
shrine.  The autumn months were the most beautiful at 
the shrine.  The changing of the leaves from emerald 
to gold was a sight that he loved watching every 
year. 

His thoughts were interrupted when he felt a surge a 
power from somewhere.  "What the..."  A shiver ran down 
his spine.  Looking around he tried to find the 
source.  

"Hm... that's odd.  It feel like it's coming from..."  
His eyes widened.  "No way!"  The broom fell and 
clattered against the stone steps.  The path through 
the forest raced past him in a blur. 

Moments later Ranma arrived at the mouth of the demon 
cave.  His eyes were alert and the yellow glow of Ki 
surrounded him.  Looking around, his gaze fell upon 
what remained of the gates baring the demon cave.

"Damn..." Ranma muttered.  The iron bars were twisted 
like a pretzel.  Focusing his senses he reached out 
with his Ki trying to find the one behind the 
destruction.  There was nothing, just faint traces of 
the energy he felt before.  

Ranma shook his head.  "This is not good."

***--**--***

The Past:

"This is not good," Ranma said as he looked at the 
piece of paper in his hand.  It was his fifth 
detention slip in two weeks.  "The old man's not 
going to be happy about this."  He sighed putting the 
white slip in his pocket.  "An Achika's going to kill 
me for making her wait after school again."  In all 
it was shaping out to be a bad day for the martial 
artist.

He made his way down the hall dreading having to 
apologize to Achika once again.  He rolled his 
shoulders feeling the tightness in them.  'This is 
all the oldman's fault,' Ranma thought.  Training had 
definitely been raised a notch by Katsuhito-sensi the 
last few weeks.   Not even his Pop or the Old Ghoul 
had pushed him so hard.  

The techniques and forms that Katsuhito-sensi had 
started training him in were grueling exercises 
pushing his mind and body to the limits.  And just 
when he though he couldn't go any farther, Katsuhito-
sensi would somehow find the right button to push to 
make him go that extra inch.  

"Know thy limits and strive to go further," Was the 
credo that Ranma trained under.   He looked at his 
hand, opening and closing his fist.  'My limits...  How 
far can I go?' He wondered as he felt the constant 
pulsing of the Juri seed within him. 'Not even 
Tsunami could answer that one for me.'

Ranma reached the school grounds with a tired sigh.  
"I guess I'll have to make this up to Achika."  In 
truth he feared nothing more than a frown on her 
face.  As he ran through the different scenarios of 
apologizing to Achika, his nose caught a familiar 
scent in the air. "Okonomiyaki?"

"Hi'a Sugar," a feminine voice said.

His mind went numb as he recognized the voice.  "It 
can't be..."  He slowly turned feeling a sense of 
dread.  He came face to face with a pair of brown 
eyes. "Ukyou!"  

His 'cute' fiancee was dressed in her usual attire of 
a blue chef's outfit and black tights.  Her brown 
hair was tied up with a white bow and on her back was 
the large battle spatula.  "Um... Ah... W-what a 
coincidence meeting you here of all places," he 
stuttered. 

***--**--***

The Present:

Achika waited at the bus stop.  She wore a long dark 
skirt and a matching blouse.  On he shoulder was her 
bag of books and papers that she needed grading.  She 
looked up at the clock mounted on the front of the 
school building.  

"Hm... it's almost five.  Where is Tenchi?"  Achika 
frowned.  She didn't want to wait for the next bus. 

There were only few students left coming out of the 
school.  Most of them had stayed for after school 
activities.  Achika recognized one large boy coming 
out of the main gate. 

"Yuta!" 

The boy looked up from the manga he was reading.  
"Huh?  Oh!  Masaki-sensi!" he said bowing.  

"Yuta have you seen Tenchi?  He's usually here by now 
so we can catch the bus home.  Do you know if 
anything is holding him up?"  

Yuta scratched his head.  "Well he wasn't at the 
science-fiction club meeting.  In fact I don't 
remember seeing him at all since noon recess."

Achika's frown increased.  "Thank you Yuta.  I'll see 
you in class tomorrow."

"Yes sensi."  The boy bowed and continued on his way 
home. 

A few minutes later Achika heard the bus coming.  She 
shook her head and made her way back into the school.  

**-*-**

The tinkle of bells was heard.  From his awkward 
sleeping position against the wall, Tenchi woke up.  
He yawned and rubbed his eyes.  "Where am I?"  He 
looked around him.  It was dark out and the school 
grounds were quiet.

Tenchi groaned.  "Oh great I fell asleep and missed 
all my classes this after noon.  Mom's going to kill 
me when she finds out."  As he got up he heard a 
noise. 

"Meow..." 

He looked up an saw a small black kitten on the roof 
with him.  "Kitty how did you get here?"  He took a 
step toward it and before his eyes it vanished. 

"What the..."  His eyes widened. 

The tinkle of bells was heard again.  The chimes had 
an eerie ring to them.  Tenchi swallowed, then slowly 
turned toward the direction of the sounds.  His heart 
sipped a beat when he saw a girl sitting a top of the 
roof shed.  

Her cyan colored hair was set in a spiky fashion and 
her topaz shaded eyes had a hungering look about 
them.   There was something very cat like about her.  
In her hand were two bells tied together with a red 
ribbon.  She twirled them around her finger and 
tossed them toward Tenchi.

"Ryoko.  That's my name," she said lazily.  A slight 
smile appeared on her face and her eyes began to 
glow. 

Tenchi's jaw dropped.  "Oh no, you can't be that 
freeze dried demon!"

"It was cold and dark in there.  Seven hundred years 
have passes since I was trapped in that cave.  You'll 
never know how much pain I've had to suffer."  The 
coldness of her voice chilled Tenchi to the bone. 

'Oh boy...'

***--**--***

The Past:

'Why me?'

"Die Ranma!" The enraged okonomiyaki chef screamed as 
a trio of spatulas flew from her hand.

Ranma felt the rush of the wind as the objects barely 
missed hitting his head.  Three 'thunks' were heard 
as the blades bit into the brick wall of the school.  
"Ukyou wait-"

"Shut up!" she yelled bringing her giant spatula 
above her head and brought it down. Ranma dodged the 
strike and sparks flew as the weapon's edge glanced 
off the pavement. 

Ukyou kept up her attack which was being fed by her 
fury.  Ranma fell back avoiding each swing.  He 
refused to launch any offence of his own.  He 
couldn't, his conscience wouldn't let him.  "Ukyou, 
I-I can explain," he said, desperately trying to 
reason with the furious girl. 

"Explain?"  Ukyou paused gasping for breath.  
"Explain what?  Explain why you ran off with out me 
again just like all those years ago!"  She leveled 
her battle spatula towards his neck.  "You're no 
better than your jackass of a father!"  

"It wasn't like that!" he said desperately.  He kept 
backing up till he felt himself pressed against the 
wall of the building.   "I had to get away.  I just 
couldn't take it anymore, the fights, the arguments, 
the entire mess.  If I hadn't of gone I'd of ended up 
miserable and would have hated you all for it.  I 
didn't want that.  Ukyou, I never wanted to hurt 
you."  

She shook her head.  "Shut up you jackass!" she said, 
her voice cracked.  Her eyes were beginning to waver.  
"I'm not listening to you anymore!  I won't fall for 
it again!"

"I won't fight you."  His arms dropped to his sides.  
"If this is what it takes, then go ahead and beat me 
up.  I'm sorry Ukyou."  Ranma closed his eyes and 
steeled himself for the impact.  

Ukyou grit her teeth and swung.  

***--**--***

The Present:

"So you came back for revenge!?!"  Tenchi asked the 
floating girl.   

"Right."

Tenchi took a step back.  "It's not my fault!  It was 
my ancestor.  Some guy named Yosho-" 

"I don't care!"  His explanation was cut off when a 
flash of light sprung out from Ryoko's hands.  There 
was a soft hum as an energy sword appeared before the 
demon girl.  "I just need to let out my anger now."  
With that Ryoko clenched her other hand into a fist 
and shot out a ball of energy. 

"Why me?  I told you it's not my fault!!!"  Tenchi 
screamed as he barely dodged the blast.  There was a 
smoking crater where it hit. 

Ryoko snickered and shot out more blasts.  Tenchi 
frantically dodged and ducked the deadly balls.  He 
somersaulted in the air hoping to avoid most of the 
projectiles.  The daily regiment of his father's 
training was immensely helpful.  Tenchi twisted his 
body to avoid another shot.  He could feel the heat 
that it radiated.  He landed on the ground with a 
wary look as Ryoko eyed him mockingly.  

"What's a matter?  It's no fun just running away 
Tenchi."  Ryoko jumped down from her perch.  

An indignant expression came to Tenchi's face.  If 
there was on lesson that he had learned from his 
father, it was to never give up with out a fight.  
Steeling himself Tenchi threw out his challenge.  "As 
the heir to the Masaki school of Anything Goes 
Martial Arts I will defeat you Demon!"  He swallowed.  
'I hope...'

Ryoko tilted her head looking at him curiously.  She 
nodded.  "Come on then!!!"

Tenchi brought his fists in front of him.  "All right, 
here I come!"  He ran forward throwing a punch.  
Ryoko stood her ground in the face of his attack.  As 
he was about to connect Ryoko vanished before his 
eyes.

"Huh?  She was just there..."

"Looking for me Tenchi?"  Ryoko said appearing behind 
him. 

Tenchi reacted instantly the moment he heard the 
voice.  He tucked his body and tumbled forward 
avoiding the slice of the light sword.   He rolled to 
a safe distance and got up.  "H-how did you do that?"    

Ryoko just laughed and then vanished again. 

'Oh man I'm in trouble!'  Tenchi thought.  

***--**--***

The Past:

'I can't fight her.  I won't fight her.'

Ranma winced hearing the strike.  'That wasn't so 
bad, I didn't feel a thing.'  Cautiously he opened 
one eye.  To his side were the crumbled remains of 
what was once a solid wall.  "Ukyou..."  She sat on her 
knees looking down at the spatula in her hands.  Wet 
drops were falling down her face.  

"Stupid jackass..." she said quietly.  

Ranma kneeled down beside her.  "Ucchan I'm sorry."  
Before he could react he was suddenly glomped onto.  
Ukyou held on to his shirt. 

"Why Ranma?  Why did you leave me again?"

"Ukyou I care for you very much.  I-I love you but 
only as a friend.  No matter how hard I tried you 
just could never seem to understand."  He shook his 
head sadly. 

"But the engagement..."

"Doesn't mean anything any more.  I'm not a Saotome 
anymore so the engagements don't apply. "

"I know, I spoke to your mother when I found out you 
left.  She told me about it herself.  I wouldn't have 
believed it otherwise.  When I asked her where you 
went off to she wouldn't tell me.  I was so angry at 
you, I still am but... I love you Ranchan."  She looked 
into his deep blue eyes. 

"Ukyou I... Mmph!"  He never finished as her lips 
pressed against his silencing any other protests.  
She kissed, lightly at first, then adding more effort 
as she felt his mouth relax. Ranma's thoughts raced 
as struggled to control himself.  'What am I doing?'  
Fighting his instincts he broke the kiss.   "Ukyou I 
can't..."

***--**--***

The Present:

Tenchi dodged another attack as Ryoko appeared and 
disappeared before his eyes.  'How the hell am I 
suppose to hit her if she can do that?'  The air 
shimmered in front of him and again.  His reflexes 
kicked in and he was able to roll again to safety.  
Before he could counter, Ryoko was gone again.  

'How can I hit something that I can't see?  That's 
it!  I got it now!'  The light bulb went off in his 
head.  'Her Ki, if I can feel the moment her energy 
reappears I just might be able to get her.'    

He focused his, mind relying on his training.  Only 
people who spent years training could use of even 
feel Ki, the energy within all living things.  Even 
now it was difficult for him, and he had been 
training constantly since he was eight.   

'Com'on where are you?'  He stood with his arms 
crossed protecting his face.   His eyes scanned the 
empty rooftop.  Then suddenly he felt it, just a bare 
moment before the air began shimmering. "There!"  As 
the girl solidified Tenchi lashed out.  "KACHUU 
TENSHIN AMAGURIKEN!!!"  In a blink of an eye he spun 
around, his fist nothing more than a blur as he threw 
a dozen punched in a span of a second.  

A pause.

"Ah, Ouch!"  Tenchi clutched at his hand as he 
staggered back from the girl.  'It's like hitting a 
piece of iron...'  He looked up and saw an amused 
expression on Ryoko's face.

"Try not to hurt your self, Tenchi.  I'd like to do 
that for you."  Her hand crackled as a massive ball 
of energy grew in her fist.  "HA!!!"

Tenchi did a backfill into the air avoiding Ryoko's 
fist as she slammed it into the roof.  An explosion 
bigger than the others occurred blasting through the 
roof and down into the lower levels of the school.

"Kami-sama..."  Tenchi saw the destruction as the dust 
cleared.  

Ryoko hovered over the crater she had created.  "Well 
Tenchi?"

'Damn, I didn't want to do this but I don't have any 
choice.'  His body tensed as called upon the last of 
his reserves.  What he was about to do would have to 
be done perfectly.  His father had taught him this 
technique saying it was one of the most useful and 
powerful moves he knew.  It relied on speed and 
surprise to work.  'The timing will be critical.  Ok, 
let's do it!'

Tenchi straightened up.  "All right demon, prepare 
yourself!  HAAAAAAAAA!!!!!"  A very faint aura 
appeared around him as he charged forward.  "Masaki 
school of Anything Goes final attack!!!"

"Huh?  What's this?"  A look of caution appeared on 
Ryoko's face as the boy ran toward her.

"Masaki final attack, RUN... AWAY!!!"  In his charge, 
just before he reached her, Tenchi jumped down the 
crater that Ryoko had created, tumbling onto the 
lower floor and made off like his life depended on 
it. 

Ryoko face-faulted.

**-*-**

'Where is he?'  A worried look was on Achika's face.  
She had gone to Tenchi's homeroom and found his bag 
by his desk.  Since his bag was still there she could 
only assume that Tenchi was somewhere on campus also.  

Achika was becoming very concerned.  It was unlike 
her son to be late for the bus ride home or for him 
to forget his things in school.  Dozens of dark 
scenarios began playing in her mind.  She tried to 
reason with her herself before letting her 
imagination run rampant.  'Relax Achika, Tenchi is a 
big boy now and he can take care of himself.'  She 
took a breath to calm herself down.  It was then that 
a tremor shook through the building.  

'What?'  She ran out into the hallway looking for the 
cause of it.  "Tenchi?  Tenchi!"  She called out.  
More tremors and small explosions occurred. 

Achika looked up.  'The roof!  It's coming from the 
roof...'  "Tenchi!!!"  She ran towards the stairs.  As 
she ran, a massive explosion tore into the building 
knocking her off her feet.  Looking up she saw the 
ceiling collapsing on top of her.  'No...'

***--**--***

The Past:

"Hey Achika-chan, wait up!" 

The dark-haired girl turned and smiled.  "Oh, hi 
Tanaka-chan," she said greeting her friend.  "Is the 
club meeting over?"

The other girl nodded, and fell in step with Achika.  
"Finished a little while ago.  Waiting up for Ranma-
kun again huh?"  

"I kept myself busy making these,"  Achika said 
pulling out  a plastic container from her knapsack.  
She popped open the lid and held it toward Tanaka.  
"Try one."  

"Wow!  They look so cute" Tanaka chirped, helping 
herself to one of the cookies.  The little animal 
shaped crackers were still warm to the touch.  Tanaka 
took a bite chewing it carefully.

"Well?" Achika asked intently.

"Hm... moist, tender, not too sweet and with just a 
touch of cinnamon."   She smiled and gave a thumbs 
up.  "These are great Achika."

"I worked really hard making them," Achika confessed. 

"Oh really?  Making them for some special someone I 
take it?  Even though he doesn't deserve it."  Tanaka 
said teasingly.  

Achika blushed.  "Is it that obvious?"

"Oh please, you don't have to act so embarrassed.  
Everyone knows that you and Ranma-kun a pair.  Ever 
since our class trip to Tokyo you've been 
inseparable."  Tanaka laughed. 

"Humph!"  Achika snapped the box lid close.  

"Every girl in school would kill to be in your place.  
I mean Ranma-kun is such a hunk." 

"Careful, you might start drooling." 

"Very funny," she said wryly  "Well you better keep a 
good eye on your man there Achika-chan.  There's 
hardly a girl out there who wouldn't want him for 
herself.  Me included." 

Achika laughed.  "I better get going.  I'll see you 
tomorrow Tanaka-chan."  Achika waved and hurried off.  
As she made her way out of the main building, she saw 
the familiar silhouette of a pigtailed boy waiting at 
the corner bus stop. 

She ran forward to greet him.   His name died on her 
lips as she saw a chestnut haired girl break away 
from a kiss with him. 

 She felt her heart growing heavier with each moment 
and with a feeling of dread she spoke out in a 
trembling voice.  "R-Ranma-kun?"  

"Achika!"  Ranma pulled back from Ukyou.  His tongue 
was tripping over itself.  "Achika, It's not what it 
looks like..."

Achika turned her attention to the cute girl with the 
chestnut hair.  Achika had come hoping to surprise 
Ranma with the cookies she had made, only to see him 
in the arms of someone else.  The two girls' eyes met 
sizing each other up like two boxers would in the 
ring.  

"Who are you?"  Achika asked with pursed lips.

Ukyou shot her a glare that was usually reserved for 
Akane or Shampoo.  "I'm Ranma's fiancee! Who are 
you?"

"F-fiancee...  Ranma-kun?"  Achika looked between him 
Ukyou.  She paled, her heart skipping a beat.  Her 
hands went numb and the plastic container fell from 
her grasp.  The lid came open as it hit the ground and 
the small animal shaped cookies were scattered to the 
ground.  'No...'

***--**--***

The Present:

Tenchi ducked into a room.  He muffled his mouth with 
his hands to keep from making noise.  There was a 
fearful look on his face as he looked out into the 
shadowy hallway.  'I'll just hide here while I figure 
out a plan.  What can I do against something like 
that?'  

His nose twitched as he caught the scent of something 
in the air.  'What is that smell?  Fumes?  Gas 
fumes!!!  Ryoko must have broken one of the gas 
lines!  I got to get out of here!!!'  

As he began to get up he heard a voice calling out 
his name.  Tenchi froze swallowing nervously.  From 
the wall facing him, a figure began to fade in.  The 
cyan haired demon passed through the solid wall as if 
it were air. 

Ryoko looked at him.  "I really like you. You've got 
great energy, Tenchi."  She stepped toward him and 
began to form another energy blast in her fist. 

Tenchi's eyes widened to saucers as he saw the 
glowing hand.  "No! Stop there's gas!"  He yelled 
out. 

A confused expression appeared on Ryoko's face.  
"Gas?  What's gas?"

Tenchi buried his face in his hands.  'I can see the 
headlines, brilliant student blown to bits.  If I had 
known I was going to die today, I wouldn't have done 
all that homework over vacation!  How am I going to 
get out of this?!?  Wait,  I think I might just have 
an idea.'  

The Anything Goes school specialized in the art of 
distraction.  And now Tenchi brought his technique to 
bare.  "Hey what's that out the window!"  He yelled 
pointing outside. 

Ryoko turned and looked.  "Oh?  What is it? I want to 
see.  Where tell me where it is," she said tilting 
her head around looking out the window.  "No... I don't 
see anything," she said turning toward Tenchi.   The 
only problem was that he wasn't there anymore.  
"Huh?"  A sweat drop appeared on her head again.

"I'll get him!!!"  She roared, realizing she had been 
duped again.  She clenched her fist forming the 
energy sphere.  The sparks she created were more than 
enough to ignite the gas and a 'BOOM' echoed 
throughout the building.

>From another room, Tenchi peeked out into the hallway 
when the blast ended.  "Well there she goes.  She was 
kind of cute," he said regretfully.  He clapped his 
hands together, as was the habit in the shrine 
honoring the dead. 

A laugh rang out.  

Tenchi's jaw dropped.  Through one of the windows he 
saw Ryoko cackling madly admits the flaming rubble.  
"She's alive again!  I got to get out of here!"  

***--**--***

The Past:

Wishing that he was anywhere other than there, Ranma 
began trying to explain.  "Achika I-"

"Fiancee?"  Achika's voice trembled in distress.

"No she's not Achika,"  Ranma said pulling himself 
away from Ukyou.

"Ranma the arrangement-"  Ukyou began to protest!

"No!  Not that again!  I left that behind me Ukyou.  
I'm starting my life over again, this time on my 
terms.  I won't go back to the way it was before.  I 
can't."

"Then take me with you Ranchan.  Start over with me."  
Ukyou said desperately. 

"I'm sorry Ukyou..."  he replied quietly.

"Why!  Why won't you love me?"

"Because..."  He looked toward Achika.

Ukyou noticed the exchange.  'First Akane, then that 
bimbo Shampoo, followed by psycho Kodachi, now her!'  
She turned glaring eye toward Achika.  Ukyou's blood 
began to boil.   "You!  Who do you think you are!  
I've spent ten years of my life looking from 'my' 
Ranchan!  If you think I'm going to let some hussy 
take him away from me now your sorely mistaken!!!"

"He's not yours,"  Achika stated returning the glare.  

'Slap!'  

Achika gasped feeling the hard strike against her 
cheek.  Her eyes blurred buy her pride refused to let 
her shed a tear.  She steeled herself facing the 
other girl.  'Slap!'

Ukyou brought her hand up to her reddening cheek.  
"You..."  She began to reach for her spatula.  The 
battle auras around the two girls began growing at an 
accelerated pace.

"Ukyou!"  Ranma put himself between the two girls.  
"Please leave..."

"Ranchan I..."

"Leave Ukyou or I swear I'll never talk to you 
again."  He turned his face away from her. 

Ukyou took a faltering step back.  Her eyes were wet.  
She took one last look to Achika.  A mask of hate was 
on her face.  Ukyou left with a sob as she fled off 
into horizon. 

"Achika...  are you all right?"  Ranma gently brushed 
her face with his hand.

"Yes..."

Ranma nodded.   He bent down and picked up the 
spilled container.  He started gathering the fallen 
cookies.   "Achika I'm sorry about the cookies.  They 
sure looked good." 

"Ranma... why didn't you ever tell me?"

He sighed.  "My life was so complicated back then.  
So many problems never any solutions.  I just wanted 
to forget about it.  That's why I never told you 
about Ukyou and the other fiancees."

Achika blinked.  "Other fiancées?"

Ranma froze.  "Um..."

"Ranma..."  Achika said through her teeth..

"I-It's a long story,"  

"That's all right I'm in no rush,"  Achika said.  Her 
eyes were boring holes into him.

'Oh boy...'  Ranma thought. 

***--**--***

The Present:

Achika looked up.  'The roof!  It's coming from the 
roof...'  "Tenchi!!!"  She ran towards the stairs.  As 
she ran, a massive explosion into the building 
knocking her off her feet.  Looking up she saw the 
ceiling collapsing on top of her.  'No!!!'

She threw her hand up in the air.  As the rock 
descended a light blue barrier shimmered around her.  
The large slab of concrete crumbled to smaller bits 
as it hit the surface of the shield.  

'That was too close.'  Achika sighed.  She got up 
dusting flecks of debris from her.   She took a few 
minutes to compose herself.  'What is happening 
here?'

No sooner than she started to get moving again, a 
figure cam from around the corner and ran into her.  
The two tumbled to the ground with an "Umph!"

"Tenchi!"  Achika latched onto her son frantically 
checking to see that he wasn't hurt.  "Tenchi are you 
all right?"

 Shaking his head, Tenchi looked on a familiar face.  
"Mom!"

"Tenchi, what's going on here?"

"I don't have time to explain right now mom.  We just 
have to get out of here before she finds us."  He 
said as he started to pull her toward the exit of the 
school.

"Before who finds us?"  

Tenchi hesitated for a second.  "Um... Ryoko." 

"What!?!"

"TENCHI!!!"  Ryoko's screamed was heard behind him.  

Achika's eyes widened. "How..."

"No time!"  Tenchi said grabbing onto his mother's 
arm and pulled her along. 

***--**--***

The Past:

Ranma spoke to a closed door.  "Achika I said sorry 
about not telling you about Ukyou.  I knew you'd get 
mad so I didn't want to tell you about the fiancee 
mess.  I urk-"  The door quickly opened revealing a 
pair of furious eyes belonging to Achika. 

"Not fiancee Ranma, it's plural.  Its fiancees!  Four 
to be exact!!!"

"B-B-But I-I..."  The door slammed in his face. 
 
"Achika wait."  He opened the door and was greeted 
with a book flying toward him.   

"Woah!" he exclaimed as he fell backwards to avoid 
from being hit in the head.  The door slammed shut 
again as he hit the floor.  

Katsuhito appeared over the fallen boy.  "Busy 
day at school Ranma?"  

>From his position on the floor the pigtailed boy 
looked up and saw the older man hovering over him.  
"You could say that sensi."

"Hm..."  Katsuhito mused as he flipped through the 
book.  "The Five Rings.   That's some heavy reading,"  
he said weighing the hardcover in his hands.   "It's 
definitely something that requires more than one 
sitting to get through."

"Yeah, you don't want it dropped on you all at once,"
Ranma replied.  

The man chuckled and helped him up.  "Come on boy, 
it's time for practice," he said walking out the 
door. 

Ranma looked back toward Achika's room.  'I'll come 
back later when she's calmed down.'  A loud bang and 
other noises were heard from within.  He swallowed.  
'Much later,' he amended. 

Practice began with the regular stretches followed by 
basic katas to limber up the body.  As it progressed 
the moves and forms became quicker and more complex.  
When Ranma finished his body was warmed up and a sheen 
of perspiration covered his brow. 

Ranma faced Katsuhito.  The priest's usual carefree 
expression was gone leaving a mask of seriousness.  
It was during this time that Ranma was reminded that 
the unassuming Shinto priest facing him was a fighter 
he had yet to come close to equaling.   Ranma grit his 
teeth and bowed, and with that, training began. 

To put it bluntly, sparring with the older man had 
always been a humbling experience for Ranma.  Today 
was no different.  When it was over he'd have his 
share of bruises as well as the continuing drive that 
one day he would stand on equal ground with his 
sensi.  

Ranma hit the dirt with a thud.  His head was 
spinning as he sat up.  "Too fast..."

"Did you say something Ranma?"  Katsuhito asked, 
walking up to him.

"No, nothing sensi.  Just trying to make sure that 
everything's in one piece."  He shook his head trying 
to clear the fuzziness. 

The priest nodded, and offered his hand.  
"Something's distracting you.  You shouldn't have let 
that last attack land."  Katsuhito studied him for a 
moment.  "Something happened at school eh?"

Ranma sighed.  There was no hiding it from the old 
man.  "Yeah... I sorta bumped into an old friend."

Katsuhito eyed him even closer.  "I overheard.  A 
young girl named Ukyou I believe.  Was she a good 
friend of yours?"

"Well... more like an old girlfriend..."  Ranma 
swallowed. "... a fiancee actually."  

"My, my aren't young peoples lives interesting.  Want 
to talk about it?"  He walked over to a near by tree 
and sat down leaning his back against it. 

Ranma found his own seat and began.  "We use to play 
together when we were kids.  We were pretty young and 
I even thought that Ukyou was a boy at the time.  My 
father and her father engaged us when we were six.  I 
didn't even know about it till a year ago when she 
came looking for me for revenge because she though I 
had run out of the marriage agreement.  When she 
realized that I wasn't to blame we got along great 
again.  Just like old times, me and Ucchan.  But for 
her the engagement was still valid and that problem 
has been haunting me ever since."

Katsuhito listened intently, nodding now and then 
encouraging the young man. "But you still care for 
Ukyou, yes?"

"Hai, I mean she's my best friend.  But she's more 
than that though.  She's like a sister.  The marriage 
agreement just made things so complicated.  I mean, I 
couldn't marry my sister."  

 "Quite so..."  Ranma didn't notice the sweat drop 
forming on the older man's head.  Katsuhito coughed 
clearing his throat.  

"I just can't love Ukyou like that."  He sighed.  
"Things are falling apart again. Old problems are 
cropping up and now Achika's ready to knock my block 
off.  I've been through this before, I don't want to 
go through it again."

Katsuhito walked over and patted him on the shoulder.  
"Wise is the man who learns from his mistakes Ranma."  

Ranma looked up reviewing the man's words.  His eyes 
widened as the realization dawned on him. 

Katsuhito smiled.  "Let's end practice early today."  
With that he turned around and made his way to the 
shrine.   

Ranma sped home running as fast as his legs could 
carry him.  

**-*-**

"The jerk!"  Achika pounded on the offending pillow 
on her bed. 

"Four!  Four fiancees!"  The pillow took half a dozen 
more hits.  

"And... and... she's beautiful..."  she threw the pillow 
across her room hitting the wall.  Achika curled up 
in her bed.  The image of Ukyou came to her mind as 
if mocking her.  The girl was perfect.  From her 
brown chestnut hair to the cute white bow she used to 
tie it with.  Achika felt like an ugly ducking 
comparing herself to the other girl. 

'What would Ranma want with someone like me when he 
could have her?  And she was his fiancee...  How can I 
compete with that?'  She pulled the covers around her 
wishing that she could shut the rest of the word out 
by doing so. 

"I'm going to lose him..."

A knock came on her door.  "Achika!" 

She easily recognized the voice.  "Leave me alone 
Ranma!"

"No.  Achika I need to talk to you and I'm not going 
to leave until I do."

She angrily got out of bed.  "I don't want to talk to 
you!  Go talk to Ukyou for all I care!  She is your 
fiancee after all!"  she said yelling at the door. 

"Achika let me in!"

"No!"

"I'll break the door down if I have to!"

"You wouldn't dare!"  she replied angrily but she 
backed away unsure. 

"I warned ya!  Heiya!"  The cracking of wood was 
heard as the door fell over.  

Achika was livid but as she began to voice her anger 
she saw the haunted look in Ranma's eyes. 

"Achika I..." his voice wavered.   The anger he had 
shown moments ago was gone leaving a quiet sadness in 
its place. 

"Ranma, leave me alone, please..."  Achika turned away.

"No.  Not till I'm through.  Achika... I've messed up 
enough times to know that if I didn't talk to you now 
I'd regret it for the rest of my life."

"..."

"Ukyou is my friend, and that's all I'll ever be with 
her.  The engagement doesn't mean anything to me 
anymore.  None of them do.  It was just all one big 
mess I had to get away from.  I... I love you Achika.  
You're the most important thing in my life and I 
never wanted to hurt you like this.  I'm not going to 
make the same mistakes again.  I don't want to lose 
you..."

"Ranma..."

"I love you Achika."  He held his hand out toward 
her. 

Achika hesitated for a moment, but only for a moment.  
Thoughts of inadequacies and doubts left her.   He 
was there standing before he now as vulnerable as she 
had ever seen him.  She took his hand and felt the 
warmth of his embrace.   She rested her head on his 
shoulder, feeling the beating of their two hearts 
together.  "Promise you'll never leave me Ranma." 

"I'll be here for as long as you want me," he said 
quietly. 

"Ranma?"

"Yeah?"

"What are we going to tell father about the door?"

Ranma looked at the splintered wood and blinked.  
"Um..."

Achika laughed and kissed him.  "I love you too. "


***--**--***

The Present:

"I-I think we lost her."  Tenchi panted as he and his 
mother made it to the outer field of the school 
campus. 

Achika sank down to the ground.  "That's... good...  
huff... huff... Let me catch my breath...  for a moment... 
huff..."  

"Mom are you ok?"  Tenchi asked moving beside her.

Achika nodded, her breathing gradually returning to 
normal.  "I'm just not as in good as shape as you and 
your father."  

"Here let me carry that for you."  He reached over 
and took his mother's bag as well as his school bag 
from Achika. 

"Thank you Tenchi."

"We better get moving again mom.  There's no telling 
where Ryoko will show up next. "  He looked around 
them nervously.  

"Tenchi, " she said as she got up.  "do you know how 
Ryoko escaped from the shrine?"

"Well... ya see... I sort'a let her out by accident..."

"H-How!" Achika exclaimed.

"Istolegrandfather'skeysandwentintothecavewhereIfound
thisoldswordwhichipulledoutofthisstonewhichletthedemo
nloseandi'tsallmyfaultandI'mreallyreallysorry!"

Achika paused for a moment.  "Again Tenchi, but this
time slower please." 

"I stole grandfather's-"

His explanation was interrupted by another voice.  
"Oh, Tenchi."  Ryoko shimmered out in front of the 
two.  Her feline like eyes looking intently at them.  

Achika blinked checking her eyes.  As a child she had 
know of the story of the demon imprisoned in the 
Masaki shrine.  To amuse herself she had even 
imagined playing with Ryoko.  It had once all a game 
to her until she learned the truth of her heritage.  
The stories were real.  Her father, now a humble 
priest, was once know as Yosho, the one who had 
defeated and imprisoned the Ryoko.  And now a young 
cyan haired girl stood before her as the demon she 
had know growing up.  "Ryoko?"

Ryoko tilted her head looking at Achika.  "Who's the 
old bag Tenchi?"  

"O-Old bag?"  Achika said taken aback.  

Tenchi moved in front of his mother.  "That's my 
mother you monster!"  he said angrily. 

"Monster?  How dare you!  Why do you call me a 
monster!"  Ryoko shouted back thumping her chest. 

"You walk through fire! You walk through walls! You 
rip holes through the roof and you can even fly!!!"  
Tenchi yelled back.

"Very good reason's but not good enough!"  Ryoko 
charged forward, her energy sword blazing in her 
hand.  

Tenchi stood his ground.  'I can't let her hurt mom.'

"Tenchi!!!"  Achika screamed out as she saw Ryoko 
bring her sword down on her son.  Tenchi could only 
defend himself by holding his school bag in front of 
the attack.  Achika felt the familiar rush of power 
through her as she called upon her abilities to 
protect her son.  Then as she was about to extend her 
shields around the two of them a flash of light 
erupted from the bag. 

When the light cleared Tenchi stood there with his 
own energy blade of blue energy.  "Tenchi..."  Achika's 
surprised look match her son's.  'Father's sword...'  
Achika's eyes widened seeing the Juri energy blade. 

"What the..  Huh?"  Tenchi had little time to ponder 
the blade as Ryoko was barreling toward him.  He 
reacted automatically blocking the strike.  

Ryoko grinned at him.  "Don't be so scared sweetie 
pie.  I won't hurt you too much." 

"I'm ready for you!"  And the fight was on. 

The two battled head to head.  Ryoko relying on her 
energy attacks and ability to fade out as her main 
weapons.  Tenchi did his best to keep up with her.  A 
unique mixture of Masaki swordplay and Anything Goes 
were the only things keeping him alive.  

>From the sidelines Achika watched in distress.  
Wishing that she could intervene but knowing that 
just charging in could do more harm that good.  
Ryoko's ability to disappear at will and Tenchi's 
fighting style of misdirection made things difficult 
if not impossible for her to follow. 

Ryoko shifted back after a close strike from Tenchi.  
"I'm impressed Tenchi.  But your still not going to 
beat me."

'She's right,'  Tenchi felt exhaustion creeping over 
him. 'I can't keep this up forever, and she doesn't 
even look tired.  How am I going to stop her?  Wait a 
minute, those jewels on her wrist, that's got to be 
the source of her power.  The legend says so.  Three 
gems for power, with out her power, that demon is 
just another girl.'  He eyed the gem on Ryoko's 
wrist.  'But how am I going to-'

Ryoko threw another ball of energy at him but this 
time the ball split in two in the air. "Ack!"  Tenchi 
was caught off guard.  He managed to avoid the two 
blasts but he landed to the ground off balance.  
Seeing her chance Ryoko moved in. 

"Gotcha!"  Ryoko swung.

"W-Woah!!!"  Tenchi flailed around in his effort to 
get back onto his feet as well as to avoid the girl.  
As yellow glow of Ryoko's blade approached him, 
Tenchi felt the tug of the sword in his hand.  
Whether it was some unseen force guiding him or just 
dumb luck, he managed to avoid the deadly strike and 
at the same time cut off Ryoko's hand.  

The Cyan haired girl fell back clutching at her 
stump.  Her hand now on the ground burned away and 
the jewel that was on her wrist shimmered as it 
returned to the hilt of Tenchi's sword. 

"Oh well another battle lost.  My miserable lot." 
Ryoko sighed and shrugged her shoulders.

"Huh?"  Tenchi now realized the missing hand.  "I-I... 
The sword did it , I didn't mean to cut off your 
hand! I'm sorry," he said bowing profusely. 

Ryoko laughed seeing his distress.  Taking her 
remaining hand she covered her stump with it and 
slowly pulled it back.  When she was through, a new 
hand was there.  "See."

Ryoko smiled and took a bow.   "Farewell," she said 
as she faded again, sinking into the ground. 

"Tenchi!"  Achika ran over beside her son.  "What 
just happened?"

"I think I won, I guess," he said, unsure of what to 
make of the entire incident. 

 "Tenchi?"

"Yeah mom?"

"Just exactly how are we going to explain all this?"  
Achika asked. 

Tenchi turned to see the smoking charred rubble that 
was once his high school.   He grew a sweat drop. 

***--**--***

The Past:

"Ranma wandered the halls filled with students 
pulling out their lunches from their lockers.  His 
stomach growled thinking about lunch.  He came over 
to a familiar face.  

"Hey Nobuyuki!"

"Ranma, what's up?"  

"Have you seen Achika around?  It was her turn to 
pack our lunches today and I can't find her." 

"Sorry Ranma haven't seen her since class."

"Oh man, I'm starving."  His stomach growled again. 

"Then how about one of my specials Ranma?"  A box 
appeared in front of him.  The smell coming from it 
could only be from one thing.  "Okonomiyaki..."  
Turning he saw Ukyou there.  She was dressed not in 
her chef's out fit, but in a school uniform.  The 
feminine attire as well as some subtle make up helped 
to make her devastatingly beautiful.  

"U-Ukyou?"  Ranma swallowed as he noticed that his 
best friend as also done away with binding her chest.  

"Mh hm,"  she nodded.  "What do you think?"  she 
asked cutely. She spun around once showing off. 

Next to Ranma, Nobuyuki's glasses had fogged up.  "W-
who's your f-friend Ranma?" the poor boy nervously 
stuttered. 

"Ukyou Kuonji," she said flashing the boy a smile.  
The result turned  Nobuyuki into a quivering mass of 
jello. 

Ranma was unsure of what to make of it all.  Ukyou 
saw the look on his face.  "You can relax Ranma, I've 
finally decided to give up on the engagement."

"You have?" he asked surprised. 

Ukyou nodded.  "Yup, I'm going to make you mine fair 
and square.  And then there'll be nothing that anyone 
can do about it."  She batted her eyes at him.  "I'll 
be seeing you around Ranchan."

Ranma stood there like a deer caught in headlights.  
There were two things running through his mind.  The 
first being;  'Ukyou really looks good in a dress.' 
And the second;  'When Achika finds out about this, 
I'm a dead man.'

***--**--**

The present:

Tenchi staggered up to his room.  He and his mother 
had prudently decided to head home before people with 
questions arrived to the school.  Then made it home 
just in time to see the coverage about the fire on 
tv.  The explosions were blamed on a gas leak and the 
damage would shut the school down for months.  He 
knew his mother well enough to know that studies 
would continue at home under her supervision. 

Closing the door behind him, he pulled up his bag and 
took out the sword hilt.  "That sword was really 
powerful.  I wonder what happened to that demon girl.  
Was really the end of her?"

He groaned lying down on his bed.  Not even workout's 
with his father made him feel this bad.  "I'm so 
tired.  Huh?"  He felt something under the sheets.  

He pulled the covers away dreading what was under 
there.   A pair of amber eyes looked back at him. 

Ryoko smiled.   "Welcome home Tenchi,"

End  (for now)





Story Notes:

Fic based on the Tenchi OAV  I expect to follow it 
for a bit but I will take some aspects from the tv 
series also.   

In the OAV, Tenchi's friend who accused him of 
sleeping with a mummy didn't have a name so I just 
called him Yuta.

As for Tenchi's personality, it's pretty much the 
same but he is a bit more confident when it's comes 
to fighting and he's a little more out going.  I 
figure that this is Ranma's influence at work. 

As with Ranma and Achika, I just wanted to develop 
their relation ship more and see how things would 
work out.   Also I believe that the other fiancees 
would not give Ranma up so easily.  

Author's Notes:

Ever since I wrote "The Girl who Wasn't and the 
Princess who Was"  I have gotten good remarks and 
encouragement.  Some people wanted me to continue and 
others said that the story was perfect the way it 
was.  Well depending on how this piece is received by 
those people I will decide to either continue or not.  
I am too self-conscious of my work to judge it myself.   
Please send me and comments that you may have.  
Lastly thank you all for your support and I hope you 
enjoy reading this as much as I had fun writing this. 

Special thanks to:
--------------
Tom Sticka 
--------------
For motivating me to write as well as pre reading my 
work. Sorry it took so long Tom, I hope it was worth the 
wait.


Please send comments to:

*********************************
Author: Pug
cruzd@rpi.edu
http://www.rpi.edu/~cruzd/pug/pug.html
*********************************















