FEAR: Tenchi Muyo style Chapter 2: End of Night 1

 
 
Cut scene to Ryoko entering the prison.
 
Ryoko: I'm at the prison. Over.
Tenchi: (using the radio) Walk to towards your left and you will see a sign
saying "Torture Room".
 
Ryoko walks to her left and sees the sign.
 
Ryoko: I'm at the sign. Over.
Tenchi:(using the radio) Walk into the room.
 
Ryoko walks into the room. She discovers that there's a chair in the room.
 
Ryoko: Ok, I see a chair.
Tenchi:(using the radio) In the torture room, in 1948, about two prisoners
were killed in a struggle over disagreement. Physics believe that this room
contains a lot of strange orbs that float around the room. You must sit in
front of the inferred camera until further notice.
 
Ryoko sits in front of the camera. 45 minutes later, at the safe house, the
others see something that shock them. A figure was standing next to Ryoko
and disappeared. 
 
Tenchi:(using the radio) OK, Ryoko. You can come back.
 
Ryoko gets up and leaves. She returns to the safe house.
 
Computer: Dare 3: Kiyone and Mihoshi, go to Cell Block 10. Francisco will
navigate.
 
Kiyone: I'm not going to do it.
Washu: You quit!
Kiyone: Yes.
Mihoshi: Me, too. I'm scared.
 
Francisco erases Kiyone and Mihoshi's name as the two left the safe house.
 
Computer: Dare 3: Sasami and Ayeka, go to Cell Block 10. Francisco will
navigate.
 
Sasami: We'll do it.
Ayeka: Are you sure?
Sasami: Yes.
 
The two left the safe house and enter the prison. The two walked upstairs
in the lobby and located Cell Block 10.
 
Ayeka: We're here. Over.
 
Francisco checks the computer and becomes stunned.
 
Francisco: (using the radio) Ayeka. Sorry about this but you have to spend
the night in Cell Block 10.
 
Ayeka couldn't believe it. She had no choice and enter the cell.
 
Francisco:(using the radio) Sasami, lock up the cell door and return to the
safe house.
 
Sasami locks up the door and returns to the safe house.
 
Computer: You have survived night 1. You will continue your dares
tomorrow.
 
Washu, Tenchi, Russ, Sasami, and Francisco set up their beds and fell
asleep.
Meanwhile in the prison, Ayeka laid on a prison bed in cell block 10 and fell
asleep.