FEAR: Tenchi Muyo style. Chpt. 1: Russ is first.

 
Note: I also play in this game show, too. And Russ from the
Fanfic no need for dragonballs.
 
Intro: I'm not the one who's so far away when I feel the snake
bite enter my veins. Never do I want to be here again. And I
don't remeber where I came. I'm not the one who's so far away.
I'm not the one who's so far away.
 
The arrival.
 
(the gang and I took the bags off our heads).
Tenchi: Hey, girls.
Girls: Hi, Tenchi.
Tenchi: What's your name.
boy: Francisco Rodriguez.
Russ: Hey, dude.
Ayeka: Where the heck are we?
Washu: Hey, maybe this computer will help.
(she clicks the video button on the computer)
Computer: Welcome to the Tokyo Penitentiary. For over 25
years, this large prison had contained alot of hauntings. Your
mission over the next two nights is to determine whether the
prison is in fact haunted. This website will take you to several
different locations where paranormal activity has been reported:
Cell block 10, the torture room, the security room, the basement
storage room, Cell block 6, the solitary confinement room, and
Cell block 30. You must begin now, good luck. Dare 1: Russ, go
to the security room and await further instructions. Ayeka will
navigate.
Russ: Why do I have to go?
Kiyone: Cheer up. You can do this.
(Russ leaves the safe house and enters the penitentiary)
Russ: What do I do?
Ayeka*using the radio*: walk towards the left and you'll find a
sign saying the security room.
(Russ enters the room)
Russ: Now what?
Ayeka: This where security officer, Mike, had a fight with one of
the prisoners and was shot to death in this room. You must sit in
the security chair for 30 minutes with radio silence.
(Russ sits down and waits for 30 minutes)
(30 minutes were up)
Ayeka: Ok, Russ you can leave.
(Russ leaves the room. He leaves the penitentiary and enters the
safe house.)
Mihoshi:Was it scary, Russ?
Russ: No.
Tenchi: Why not?
Russ: I don't know.
Sasami: Who's turn is it?
(Washu checks the computer)
Computer: Ryoko, go to the torture room and sit in front of the
infer-red camera. Tenchi will navigate.
Ryoko: Oh, boy.
 
to be continued...
 
(I'll be back with the second chapter)