The first female super saiyan: Part Eight- Ghosts of the past

Chakira’s eyes narrowed, and at that moment her trainer Nobayama walked in
and almost had a heart attack. As he walked over to them he almost fell over
a chair.

“I wasn’t expecting to see you so soon.” Nobayama stuttered.

“Hold it!” Chakira said before Ikitsu could speak. “You were expecting her?
Why do I not get told anything in this place?”

“She’s quite an impressive student, Nobayama. Will you mind standing down
and letting me work her up to a new level?” Ikitsu asked.

“Y-yes. Of…of course.” Nobayama said. “Please, sit down, you must have
travelled a long way.”

“Please…could we just press the pause button one moment? Who the hell is
she? Is it just me or is your reaction a little out of place?” Chakira said,
trying not to shout.

“Haven’t you told them yet, Nobayama?” Ikitsu asked.

“No, I’m sorry. People, I’d like to announce that Ikitsu Sama is my mother.”
As Nobayama explained it Chakira almost fell over.

“So that’s the connection.” Washu said.

“Let me get this right…you are her trainer’s mother…and you have another
connection with Hunter. Is he another of your sons?” Gohan asked.

“No. I am an Ishinka, I do not come from this dimension or reality, I come
from my own dimension. This dimension has a gateway to any other world or
reality. We can live for a very long time. Hunter is one of us, from our
race. He betrayed us. He isn’t destroying races, he is taking their energy
using a specific attack and building it into a weapon to use against us.”
Ikitsu explained. “Which is the connection, since we all come from the same
place, he uses the same power. I understand the trouble Chakira has, and why
she cannot allow the rest of you to train, but…I have a way to get them to
train and not cause trouble. Even if you cannot use like attacks against
him, you need a defence system capable of standing his own attacks.”

“So what’s his real name? You said you knew it?” Goku asked.

“Kamadak. His name is Kamadak. We have been trying to catch him for some
time, all he wants is power and control, he has turned against all he has
been trained.” Ikitsu replied.

“And you also said that you had another warrior to bring to the battle field
if requested, or something along those lines.” Vageta said. “So tell me, who
is it? The way you said it you seemed to be practically recommending them.”

“Her name is Eya-Kyosho. Don’t be fooled be the fact that she’s a demon.
She’s very powerful and would do best against attacks. I can see you’re not
too impressed, but is it simply because she is a woman. Maybe the fact that
the amount of girls on the team outnumber the males on the team bothers you.
Prince Vageta, in this fight it matters not about gender or age…only the
will to save the place you live in. You might not think you care, Prince
Vageta, but you do. Just like you cared when Freiza killed your people, your
father and your planet. You have always cared but never shown it. But I
don’t really expect any less from somebody who has grown up like you have.”

“Did I just hear you say Demon?” Ayeka asked.

“Yes.”

“So…she’s like Ryoko?” Tenchi enquired.

“No.”

“How exactly is she different?” Washu asked.

“She’s a powerful breed of Demon, and she comes from some other world, and
she won’t say which one. She is a Forest Demon. However, although Ryoko is
allegedly a Demon, she is different from the race of Demons that Ryoko was
made as. These demons may look like Ryoko, may be a humanoid, but they are
very different. Eya-Kyosho’s race of demon are monsters purely, with a lust
for blood, they kill anybody. Innocent or deserving it makes no difference.
They torture people by eating them alive, they’re very vicious. Most people
in her world can’t even over come them. The only Demon Slayer known is one
of their own, and a demon won’t kill one of its own unless they do so in a
fight between the challenging pack leader.”

“So what makes you so confident that this Demon can be trusted in our
company? If they’re such monsters how are you going to ensure that it won’t
attack us in the middle of battle?” Washu asked.

“Well…Eya-Kyosho could still be a killer…but…she has a problem complying
with other members of her pack…she lacks that killer instinct. As unusual as
it may seem she is also part Sprite…which is unusual simply because Demons
do NOT get along with them, they feud like cat and dog.”

“Would she mind fighting?” Sasami asked.

“Probably not.”

“Would she mind if I took time to examine her if we get spare time?” Washu
asked.

“I don’t know, you’d have to ask her.”

“So we’ll have two demonesses in our company. Great.” Tenchi muttered.

“So if his guy is one of you…does that mean I can’t arrest him?” Mihoshi
said, still far behind with the plot. Everyone sweat dropped.

“He will be taken into our custody, your cells couldn’t hold his power and
he is under the order of us, so it would be best if we do capture him alive
to leave him with me. If you kill him, that’s fine.” Ikitsu answered.

MEANWHILE IN THE WOODS…….

Ryoko and Ramiro were making there way out o the woods, soaked but smiling.

“So…did Chakira help you through?” Ryoko asked.

“Always. She stopped right in the middle of training just to help me. She’s
been like a mother to all of us…since our parents died she’s been like a
mother to the family. She won’t give in on them, she’s always there. I don’t
think I’ve ever seen her with time to herself. And Chellena…that girl
probably wouldn’t do so well without Chakira. Chakira doesn’t take sword
fighting as seriously as I do, but fighting she does. In a sword fight I’d
beat her after time, in a martial arts fight she’d beat me.” Ramiro said.

“Tough job. I guess somebody had to do it, and Chakira was the poor person
that got the honour.” Ryoko sighed.

“There’s never a day that goes by when I haven’t been scared. Chakira would
unquestionably lay down her life if it meant saving the lives of everyone,
even a person she didn’t know. I hear Goku is like that.” Ramiro said
grimly.

“So you’re afraid that when Hunter comes she’ll throw herself right into the
beam.” Ryoko concluded.
The two came out of the woods and walked into town.

“Well…look what the cat dragged in.” Came a male voice. “You must be either
pretty stupid or feeling lucky to show your face again around this part of
town. I should’ve brought my three sons and two daughters with me.”

“Who is this creep?” Ryoko asked. “I’ll level him for you.”

“Seross.” Ramiro replied.

In Ryoko’s mind it snapped as the husband of the woman who had turned and
betrayed Ramiro. That spark sent a message to Washu.

****************************
Washu turned to Chakira.

“Errrr…..sorry to break this up, but is it okay for some guy named Seross to
be teasing your brother?” Washu asked, and Chakira’s expression changed
automatically.

“I’ll be right back. You guys wait there, get to know each other…what ever.
I’ve got some old debt to pay.” Chakira said, vanishing.

********************************
Ryoko scowled at Seross who grinned at her, looking her up and down.

“Nice new girlfriend you’ve got. We were beginning to think you’d turned
frigid.” Seross said.

“She isn’t my girlfriend, and even if she was its none of your business.”
Ramiro replied, calmly.

“Then we were right, you have turned frigid.” Seross laughed.
“For your information you little weasel, Ramiro is stronger and better than
you’ll ever be. He won in the World Martial Arts tournament and he’ll always
be better than you. Even I could beat you with no hands, so get lost, geek.”
Ryoko said, stepping forwards.

“Have you gotten so bad you need a little girl to stand in for you?” Seross
said. “Or are you still hiding behind your big sister?” Seross laughed.
Ramiro was still calm. Ryoko still glared at Seross. She sensed Ramiro was
rotting inside, he didn’t like remembering. Ryoko, enraged, brought her fist
forwards with great speed, and Seross’ eyes widened and he went to step
back, but he knew it was too late. Ryoko’s fist stopped a hairs breadth from
his face, and he first stared at her fist and then at her. Ryoko was smiling
with glee, eyes sparkling.

“Next time I won’t stop, so why don’t you turn around and walk the other
way.” Ryoko said.
Then Chakira appeared beside them, and Seross grabbed Chakira, who
momentarily wasn’t sure what was going on. She felt a gun being pulled to
her head.
“Now…what would happen if I got rid of her? You wouldn’t have a big sister
to hide behind would you, little Ramiro.” Seross chuckled, and Chakira
rolled her eyes.

“I’m glad you got more balls, Seross, but really, trusting a weapon, or are
you still sore because I beat you at the Sword Championships?” Chakira
grinned. “I really enjoyed making you look like a loser, I made it last, and
I’ll do it again.”

“Ramiro…you didn’t tell me that jerk used a sword too. I could’ve challenged
him to fight against me with a sword!” Ryoko said, putting a hand on her
hip.

“So you’ve told Ryoko about me…but have you told her the whole story, she’d
be sure you were a pathetic little fool if she knew the truth.” Seross
mocked.

“Seross. I’ll give you the count of three to get off me, just to be fair, or
you’ll be very VERY sorry.” Chakira said slowly, but Seross just laughed.

“Ooooooh. Scary. What’s going to happen, will you gut me?” Seross asked.

“1…”

“She really means it, I’m soooooo scared.”

“2…”

“I have a gun to your head, all it needs is a little pull of the trigger.”

“3…”

Before he could say anything else Chakira’s foot bucked into his groin and
he was in so much pain his whole body went limp before he could pull the
trigger, he fell crumpled at Chakira’s feet.
Ramiro looked across at Chakira, who was looking behind her. As a huge man
burst out of the shadows her foot kicked him hard in the jaw, dislocating
it. She moved her head as a gun went off and she felt the bullet whiz by
her. Only one shot fired into her when she wasn’t ready. Her hand clutched
where she was hit and a heavy fist knocked her to the floor. Chakira wasn’t
badly hurt, it was only a bullet wound, but she couldn’t risk changing into
a super saiyan in uncontrolled conditions. As the foot went to hit her again
somebody jammed a stun ray rod into her, which didn’t work, it actually
tickled. A fist hit the men off her, and Goku stood in front of her and
helped her up.

“Why don’t you men go and save yourself punishment with the law?” Goku
asked.

“Law, you see a police officer around here?” One man laughed, and Mihoshi
stepped in, her gun raised and dressed in her uniform, her badge showing.

“Freeze all of you, put your hands on your heads and come out where I can
see you, I have brought reinforcements.” Mihoshi said, her voice level.
Then came Ayeka, Washu, Sasami and the sailor scouts all in police uniform.
They looked very cool, Chakira grinned.

“You all have the right to remain silent, anything you do or say can and
will be held against you in the court of law, you have a right to an
attorney.” Mihoshi said.
The men just looked at each other, and then to the others, and then, Tenchi,
Android 18, Krillin, Videl, Bulma, Chi Chi and Ox King (Chi Chi’s dad, the
big fat guy with the braces.)  in uniform. Darien moved in beside them also
in uniform, Android 18,Videl, Chi Chi and Bulma had high velocity machine
guns. The men blanched and then looked at each other exchanging glances.

SO THE PAST HAS RETURNED FOR NBOT JUST RAMIRO BUT FOR THEIR RESPECTED
TRAINER NOBAYAMA. I CAN JUST IMAGINE ALL THOSE PEOPLE IN A POLICE UNIFORM.
IT PAINTS A WONDERFUL PICTURE, WASHU LOOKED GOOD IN THAT UNIFORM SHE HAD
WHEN SHE WENT AFTER DR CLAY. I ALSO FOUND A USE FOR MIHOSHI.

Lunar: Personally, if you ask me, just Chi Chi with a machine gun and
ammunition strapped over her is enough for me…but everybody
else…..*cringe*………I bet it scares the hell out of them. Well…except a blue s
clues marathon and an invasion of drunk teletubbies in my house. If I had to
face that I’d go to the cell games and throw myself into a beam of Cell.
Stay tuned for our next episode:     ‘Under Ikitsu’s order’