LAST TIME ON DRAGONBALL Z….CHAKIRA AND HER TWIN REVEALED THAT THEY ARE FULL
BLOODED SAIYANS AND CAN TRANSFORM INTO THE LEGENDARY SUPER SAIYAN. BUT THERE
ARE MANY QUESTIONS TO BE ANSWERED, LIKE WHO SHE IS, HOW SHE GOT HER BLOOD,
AND IF SHE IS HERE FOR GOOD OR BAD. DON’T TURN THOSE DIALS! The heart of the
adventure starts here!

Lunar: Hey, Chakira!

Chakira: Yes, who are you?

Lunar: I’m the one writing the story so everyone know the hassle you went
through.

Chakira: Cool! Lets really kick tail!

Lunar(Sweat dropping) : You know, words like that aren’t…errrr…well never
mind. Just say kick a-

Chakira: But that’s swearing!

Lunar: So?

Chakira: Well it’s…..

Lunar: What?

Chakira: Shouldn’t we be deterring people from this?

Lunar: Oh if you won’t say it I will, Lets Kick ASS!

Chakira: Ok! Are you sure you’re going to follow the story?

Lunar: I’ve been doing okay so far haven’t I?

Chakira: I guess.  Anyway, I wanna read this though, just encase you’ve
skipped a good point  or summin….

Lunar: Go ahead! Be my guest…..

THE FIRST FEMALE SUPER SAIYAN-PART THREE: THE HUNTER

They were taken to some sort of patch of forest. Chakira levitated herself
up to a branch, and sat down calmly.

“Alright, what trick are you trying to pull?” Vageta demanded.

“I don’t think what I’m about to tell you is a trick or a joke. It’s very
serious. I came here first to warn you, and second to ask for your help. As
far as I’ve heard and seen, you guys are the only ones powerful and skilled
enough to take on this trouble. It’s very bad.” Chakira replied gravely, her
sarcastic smile falling.

“Why did you go to all the trouble of the show?” Krillin asked. “Couldn’t
you have told us then?”

“I don’t know. All I know is I was told to take part in the Tournament and
wait till it was over. Goku won’t be sent back to the other world till he
helps fight this off, should he decide to. But please, don’t ask me who
managed that. I just work here.” Chakira seemed to try and make light of
things.

“So you came here from where?” Goku asked.

“I never actually came to the planet, I was born here. But I travelled to
find you guys. Even during the battle with Cell I was asked to watch. In a
way, I didn’t want to argue. My parents left me, just before he left to
fight, telling me simply that I was a saiyan. For a long time, I didn’t know
what I was. I thought it was normal; I’d been kept away from other people on
this planet. I never knew I was a saiyan. Six years ago, after my little
sister was born, my parents were killed and left myself and my brother with
the phrase ‘you have your saiyan blood, let Nobayama train you and never
forget that you are both warriors in blood.’ The they died before they could
tell us what it meant.” Chakira stopped her words, seeming she didn’t want
to go on.

“So you’ve gone all this time, never knowing or caring?” Gohan asked.

“Basically. I don’t blame my parents for what they did, if they hadn’t left
to fight the Earth may well have been destroyed.”

“So how did you two become super saiyans?” This time it was Piccolo asking,
who so far had kept quiet listening intently to the conversation.

“It was what happened before we were born. You guys must know that often
young saiyans were sent away to other planets and when they grew up a little
they would destroy it and take I over. My father and mother were sent over
in the capsule. They tried to over run, but a being more powerful than them
captured them, and decided to use his power to make a few adjustments. They
forgot their mission, and the influence of the planet affected their power
level, and by a young age they had already become super saiyans, with that
raining to help them take it further. But they couldn’t seem to move to the
other levels. That’s where the Hunter came for them. He blew up the planet
but the one who had captured them saved them, and sneaked them off to Earth
for them to start a new beginning.”

“And from there?” Gohan asked.

“From there they had a bit of a family. First me and my brother, then the
other two twins, and then the youngest sister of us all. Just when she was a
few weeks old, they died to save us. The problem with us was that even
though we had tails, we can’t transform. We don’t know why, we think it’s
the affect of the other planet. And we never lose our tails, if you cut them
away they just grow back.” Chakira replied, holding her tail in her hand.

Everyone just looked at her. She had almost mentioned what the threat was
with calling it a ‘Hunter’. She was so far orphaned but they didn’t know
still why she could travel to the other world without being dead.

“So…what exactly is this thing that is coming?” Gohan asked.

“He’s known as the Hunter. His prey targets now are Saiyans. He thought
Freiza had taken care of them for him, and he guessed there might be a few
that missed the net. He destroyed the planet my parents had been on to get
at them, and he didn’t know they had escaped until he came to Earth, and he
realised there were more saiyans than he’d expected. He found out about
Goku, Vageta and all the others who have half blood. He’s coming back, my
parents didn’t manage to kill him, only hold him back a little. Now he’s
heading right for us, and intending to wipe out the saiyans once and for
all. When he’s done with us he’ll move onto another group.”

They group fell silent. That was her reason for being here. There was
somebody coming down to destroy them all, or at least the saiyans, and
without them the planet couldn’t stand a chance. It was almost always a
saiyan who helped and was strong enough to fight away any threats.  Without
them, anything could just roll over the Earth.

“When does he come here? How long do we have?”  Goku asked.

“I wouldn’t suggest you train. Don’t ask why, I can’t quite explain it, but
if you become more powerful…something twice as dangerous could happen when I
help you on the battlefield. I can’t explain it, and I know it sounds very
stupid, but we need to go on like everything’s normal. Goku has been
extended enough time to help since he’s a highly renowned warrior for
Earth.” Chakira replied.

“So…I get more time on earth?” Goku asked, his brows twitching hopefully.

“Yeah, Maybe up to a year.”

Goku split into a broad smile.

“That’s great!” He whooped.

“Don’t get too excited. You can train, but not heavily. Maybe later I’ll
find a way to explain this. I can’t now, and I don’t know how long it’ll be
till Hunter comes. None of do, we just know he’s on his way, and his pretty
annoyed that he’s having trouble getting rid of you guys, us saiyans.”

“So we just go to school and stuff, when all this threat is on it’s way to
Earth?” Videl demanded.

“I’m sorry if I didn’t give you the answer you wanted, but maybe if you guys
wait I’ll tell you. Half of this is relaying a message. The rest of it is
filled in details I know.”

“Who was your father?” Vageta asked.

“You remember I told Gohan about a man named Baramard? He was my father. My
mother is Nerepar. The two were sent in the same capsule to another planet
that as I explained was destroyed.”

“I thought the name was a little familiar. I’m just disgusted that such a
pitiful warrior made it as far as he did. At least his child has been better
than him.”

“Don’t mind him. He has a very big ego.” Gohan muttered to Chakira.

“I know. It’s plainly obvious about him.” Chakira chuckled.

She turned to Goku.
“You’ve been allowed more time on earth, since you’re a legendary fighter of
earth. I made a special request.” Chakira said.
Goku nodded. Chakira then left them, flying away without even saying where
she was going. Vageta went after her, yanking her arm and he scowled at her.

“I’ll be watching you, and I’ll be watching very closely. If you try and
pull anything I’ll put you in your place so quickly you won’t even realise
it. Is that understood?” He hissed.
Chakira laughed at him and his fists tightened.

“Calm down, would you? I’m trying to save our race.” She said. “Now if
you’ll excuse me I have some things to take care of.”

“Not while I’m around. You’re staying with us, I want to be sure you’re
trust worthy. You’re not going out of my sight.” Vageta snarled.

“Learn it the hard way then.” Chakira sighed, and she disappeared from
Vageta’s grasp altogether, he couldn’t even sense her.

“What? How could she do that?” He breathed, and his face became more heated
than it was before.

Chakira sank down onto the luxurious chair, melting into it. She was
exhausted. She sensed Nobayama moments before he was standing over her, and
he glared down at her.

“What is it now, old man?” She asked him, her brows knitting together with
fatigue.

“You haven’t told the others yet.” Nobayama said, arms folded over his
chest.

“Give me half an hour, then I’ll go and get the others and explain how much
they’re needed. I’ve been fighting all day, I’ve tried to hold in Mora and
Lorden and Ramiro got a rest. It’s my turn. Just because I’m the eldest it
doesn’t mean I get up first, got it?” Chakira snapped.

“Your respect is dropping, Chakira. Don’t you dare forget the rules.”
Nobayama warned.

“I’m too bothered about Hunter to be bothered with respect. I’ve played that
game for years, I deserve a break. Just like I deserve one now, so go away
and I’ll go get them in half an hour.”

Nobayama nodded and left. Chakira sighed deeply and slept quickly.

HALF AN HOUR LATER……..
“He’s mine!”
“Mine!”
“Mine!”
“Can’t you see he loves me, and not you?”
“Well…aren’t we being a little day dreamer your majesty?”
“What makes yuo think he’s ever fall for a demon like you? Tenchi deserves
better, isn’t that right, Lord Tenchi?”
Ayeka looked down and saw Tenchi looked very dizzy after being pulled around
for ten minutes. She tookt hat opertunity to pull him away from Ryoko.
“Lord Tenchi? Say something? Please Lord Tenchi!” Ayeka said, shaking
Tenchi, who eventually shook off his dizziness.

“There, look what you did to Lord Tenchi, Ryoko!” Ayeka said.

“Me? You were the one pulling him around!” Ryoko protested.

“Look, you two, I have to get out and dig up the fields and dinner is nearly
ready. Can we please just stop it?” Tenchi asked, and the two dropped him.

LATER THAT EVENING….
After dinner, Ayeka had gone down to the Shrine, only to find Tenchi there.
He turned to face her.

“I thought you might come down here, Ayeka.” Tenchi said with a grin.

“Lord Tenchi! What are you doing here?” Ayeka asked.

“I wanted to talk to you, about you and Ryoko. This arguing between you has
got to stop. I’ve been thinking for some time now and I have an answer to
our problem.” Tenchi said.

Ayeka stepped forwards.

“What would that be?” She asked, walking further to stand beside Tenchi, he
began to talk so quietly she struggled to hear him.

“I wanted you to be the first to hear the great idea.” Tenchi said, and he
was even quieter, and Ayeka had to come closer to hear him, and only when
Tenchi pulled her to him that she realised he’d been doing that on purpose
to make her go beside him. Tenchi kissed Ayeka. He wrapped his arms around
her and held her closer, and she put her arms around his neck. They stood
there together for at least fifteen minutes, just tasting each other.
Tenchi heard the person come behind him.

“Could I just bother you two for a few moments? Please, it’ll only take a
few minutes, so you two can detach yourselves.” They said.

Tenchi pulled away from Ayeka, but still her waist.

“Would you mind if I meet you two in the Masaki house? I’ll have to tell all
of you. First you two tell the others the good news.” And then they
vanished.

IN THE MASAKI HOUSE…..

“That’s right. I want to marry Ayeka. I want to be with the woman I love.”
Tenchi said.

“Guy’s before you all break out into clamour, what I have to say is just as
important.” Chakira said quickly.

“You just burst in here and expect us to listen to you?” Ryoko yelled.

“It would be nice. Earth is in danger. If you wanted proof I have a disc
Washu can look at.” Chakira replied.

“May I see it?” Washu asked.

Chakira handed it over and she explained all of what was happening.
“I need Ayeka, Washu, Osaka and Kamadaki, Tenchi and Ryoko to help. No
others have been requested.” Chakira informed them.

“I’m coming too. This person should be arrested under being a space pirate.
What he’s doing is illegal. As a member of the Galaxy police it is my duty
to come along.” Mihoshi said.

“Very well, Mihoshi. Feel free to join us. I will come and collect you all
when you are to go.” Chakira said.

“I think we should come with you. I’m sure Washu could make a space for us,
we’d take up no room at all.” Ayeka said.

“Very well, come with me now.” Chakira said, and they all went off to her
home.

SO FAR THE GANG KNOW WHAT’S HAPPENING BUT WHAT ABOUT THIS HUNTER GUY? CAN
THEY SUCEED IN KILLING HIM AND WILL MIHOSHI DO HER USUAL AND RUIN THINGS
WITH HER CLUMSYNESS? ARE THERE MORE TO BE ADDED TO THIS TEAM AND WHY CAN’T
CHAKIRA LET THEM TRAIN? WHAT’S THE PROBLEM? DON’T MISS THE NEXT EPISODE OD
DRAGONBALL Z!!!!!!!!!!

Lunar: Well, it’s shaping up to be a good cross over.

Chakira: yeah, you’re telling my story well. You’re talented.

Lunar: Well, they don’t call me an author for nothin.

Chakira: Your name is An Author? I thought it was Lunar!

Lunar: You know what I mean, stupid!

Chakira: What about android 18? Didn’t she get a say? She hasn’t spoken the
whole time!

Lunar: Maybe Hunter had her tied to a railroad track.

Chakira: She’d do the train more damage wouldn’t she??

Lunar: Well…yeah it would. Maybe she’ll have more to say next time. I think
I’m planning a few other mystery guests just to prove girls can kick ass (Or
kick tail as Krillin says!)

Chakira: Errr….are you sure that’s a good idea Lunar? I mean, you are going
off the lines as to how it really happened. I thought we were doing it as it
really happened, I mean this is my story….

Lunar: Oh shut up complaining or I’ll tie you to a chair with multiple
screens of a blues clues marathon!

Chakira: Anything but that! Please, I beg you!!!!!! Noooooooooooooo!

JJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJ