LAST TIME, ON DRAGONBALL Z. GOHA MET THE MYSTERIOUS CHAKIRA AND SOME OF HER
FAMILY INCLUDING HER TWIN AND HER LITTLE SISTER. SHE HAS MADE SOME VERY
WEIRD EVENTS, BY PREDICTING VIDEL’S BLACKMAIL FOR HIM TO TAKE PART IN THE
WORLD MARTIAL ARTS TOURNAMENT AND SHE SEEMS TO HAVE GOTTEN VAGETA VERY
AGITATED WITH THE MENTIONING OF A NAME. SHE’S EVEN SOMEHOW BEEN SEEING GOKU
IN THE OTHER WORLD AND SPEAKING TO HIM. SHE KNOWS A LOT MORE THAN MOST DO,
AND SHE’S ALSO GOT SOME KIND OF POWER. NOW WE FIND OUT WHAT THAT POWER IS IN
THE FIGHT BETWEEN HERSELF AND HER TWIN……………………….

The first female super saiyan- Part two

Chakira and Ramiro walked up together to the ring.

“Chakira and her Twin brother have previously taken part in the swords arts
contest a few weeks ago, and in that one, the winner was Ramiro. This could
be the perfect time for both of them, for Chakira to prove she can beat her
brother, or Ramiro to prove that he will always be better than his older
sister. The next tournament might also be lucky enough to see their younger
brothers and sister.”

The others looked to the two, each of them determined to find who those two
were. This was the point where they couldn’t hide any longer and they would
show them what they could do. Even Gohan was tense.

“What’s up, is it Chakira?” Videl asked.

“Just keep watching. There’s something about Chakira that isn’t quite
right.” Gohan explained.

“They’re guardian assures us that this fight will be an ultimate show down,
and well worth the money for coming here.” The commentator added.

The two stepped onto the ring, parting at the set spaces for each other, and
they nodded. Chakira passed a grin to Spopavitch, and then grinned at Shin
and the others. They got ready to fight and then the signal was given for
them to start. Chakira was the first to move, her speed was so great she
blurred out of sight. She appeared behind her brother who also faded out of
existence and then all that could be see were blips where the two met. The
two were very fast. Then they exploded in the middle of the ring as the
pushed against each other. The battle then was taken into the air.

“They’re fast!” Piccolo said.

“That’s impossible! Only a saiyan can be that quick!” Vageta said, trying to
contain his anger at being played a fool.

“How can they….” Videl trailed off and looked at Gohan. “Is this what you
meant?”

“Yeah. But that’s not the power she’s hiding.” Gohan replied.

Chakira dodged a punch from her brother and appeared down at the floor,
firing a beam canon at her brother, who dodged it and fired back at her. She
fisted it up into the air and it exploded high up creating a kind of
fireworks display.  Even using that power they didn’t reveal their true
power level, and something was seriously wrong.

“When’s the signal, Chakira?” Ramiro asked.

“”Not long now!” Chakira called back up, flying up to him glowing in white
energy.

The two joined each other in the ring, Ramiro slamming down causing a little
explosion. For a moment they looked across at each other, none of them even
beginning to be worn out. They seemed to be waiting for something before
they began again. People began to cheer at their progress of the fight. Then
they burst back into the fight without a single word or signal from each
other. They stayed on the ground and in sight. Even Shin seemed a little
curious at the two powerful characters.
Even he hadn’t anticipated them, and so he didn’t know if they were good or
bad. The air hung with a pressing energy, all the fighters watching couldn’t
help but almost fear the two.  Between them they were a good enough match,
and nobody was sure what they were. They could also tell that they were
waiting for something.
Then, in the middle of a kick, Chakira stopped, halted like she’d hit a
wall, and both of them stood at ease, staring at the distance between them.
They looked up to a part in the audience and then a little voice called out.

“Now, Chakira, Now!” Chellena called. “Quickly!”

The two looked back down, and then to those watching them with suspicion.
Then, at the exact moment, they tensed and then exploded into golden flames,
hair going blonde, eyes going green. The two stood there, letting the extent
of their power levels clear to all those who could sense.

“They look like they’re…Saiyans…” Krillin said, backing slightly away.

“I don’t see how it could be. There are no more Saiyans left. How can those
two be Saiyans?” Vageta snapped.

“But, Vageta, She’s got two more brothers and another sister. So if they are
saiyans there’s more of them than just those two. That’s not what we’re
really worrying about. It’s how they could be super saiyans.” Gohan reminded
them all.

“She’s just a little girl. There’s no way she could be that powerful. I
could understand the other, but not her. It’s not the place of a woman.”
Vageta sneered.

“But, Vageta, you said a name she mentioned meant something, or at least
that’s the impression you gave me. Who was the one she was talking about?”
Gohan asked.

“Baramard is not only a saiyan name, it’s a name of a man I knew as a boy,
only very vaguely, he was maybe a year or so older than me, or the same age.
I don’t remember much of him; we briefly spoke before Freiza took me. I want
to know how she got saiyan blood, if she is a saiyan at all, and how she
could get powerful enough to be a super saiyan.”

“It’s that bad, huh?” Goku asked.

“I can feel that it’s not her full power she’s showing, this is merely the
show. She’s still not using something. There’s something going on here.”
Piccolo said. “Are you sure she’s as old as she says she is, Gohan?”

“I don’t see why she would lie to us, to be honest. She has promised before
that she’s show us. Once she said I’d see what I suspected at this
tournament-”

“You mean she said that and you didn’t tell any of us?” Vageta roared.

“I thought she meant her fighting skills, since a while ago she fought off
this gang of men trying to attack her little sister. I didn’t think it meant
this. She never mentioned it again after she told me, so I didn’t think much
of it. Give me a break would you, Vageta?”

“Arm or leg?” Vageta hissed.

“Calm down all of you!” Goku demanded. “I’m trying to see if I can detect
what that power is. I’m sure I’ve sensed a power like it before. Maybe we
all have, since I’m sure we have the feeling we’ve seen her before all this
but never remember it. If you give me a moment I might be able to find that
power in her.”

“If none of us can, Kakarot, how can you?” Vageta yelled, furious at being
left in the dark and frustrated by the fact that there may well be more
saiyans out there, and more people to beat and try and stop taking his title
as strongest saiyan.

“She certainly has a great deal of intelligence. When I first got here she
greeted me by my title. She didn’t even have to think about it to know who I
was.” Shin mused thoughtfully.

“And if she can turn into a super saiyan, what’s to say her other siblings
can’t?” Krillin said, and tried to smile when Vageta turned his cold gaze
onto him.

“No girl is going to be that powerful.” He snapped.

The fight between brother and sister continued. They also had great control
over their power, and nothing they did endangered the audience. They
remained slow enough to be seen by the others who weren’t able to sense fast
movements, and the audience cheered. Those in the audience mistook Ramiro
for the gold fighter. When the two were beginning to rip their clothing with
the power, Chakira took her twins saiyan tail….

“They’ve still got their tails!” Piccolo gasped. “That seems pretty
dangerous to me, if they happen to be out at a full moon. That might do
something to prove that they are Saiyans.”

“I’m telling you, there’s no way any of them could be saiyans, we knew who
all the saiyans that were alive were.” Vageta cried.

The fight went on, and swinging him round and round, people cheered at the
foul play. She threw him out and he almost fell from the ring, but he pulled
sharply up. Chakira was ready to meet his fury of attacks. As he flumed down
at her, she vanished out of existence with a blur, and Ramiro stopped
abruptly. There was an explosion that was only enough to make a little boom,
and make his yellow ambiance flicker slightly, and he looked around for her.
The only thing he got by stopping was a huge slam of two fists into him with
enough explosive force to blow the ring apart, but all it did was blow a
little crater in it. Before he could stop himself he skidded off the ring.

“Chakira is the winner!” Came the commentators cry.

Chakira almost completely ignored him, and she bent down and took her
brothers hand, pulling him back to his feet and into the ring. They grinned
at each other.

“Ladies and gentlemen, give a big round of applause for the great show these
two put up for us.” And the crowd went into an explosive cheer, and they
yelled their approval. The two let their super saiyan energy drop, their
hair fell to how it had been and their eyes returned to their dark brown
colour. They grinned at each other and then walked back into the room just
behind the ring, where the others looked at them

“I want you to tell me exactly what you are, who you are and what you think
you’re doing!” Vageta demanded.

“We’re just havin a little fun, Prince Vageta. There’s nothing wrong with
that. And I came here to keep my promise.” Chakira replied, trying to
contain her sarcastic laughter.

“How can you be a saiyan? Where do you get your half blood from?”

“Half blood?” Chakira burst into laughter. “Half blood!”

“Perhaps I have missed the big joke, but what seems to be so funny about
that?”

“The fact that our blood is full and not half. Why is it that just because
of my age I am to be half? I had parents both of which were saiyans.”

“And who were they? You’d better get explaining before the next fight.”

“How about after the tournament?”

“But, you must know that-” Shin started, but a look on Chakira’s silenced
him.

“The problem of him has been put on hold, he’s so far been held down. I’ll
tell you after all this tournament. I assure you, Spopavitch for now
believes he’s here to fight, and he’s lost. The rest of you will have to
wait till after the tournament.” She said. “Until then, not another word
will be spoken.”

After the long tournament, they all waited expectantly for Chakira’s
explanation. Goku knew he hadn’t long here, and expected to be taken back to
the other world very soon. Chakira has asked them to follow her, and her
twin had taken their little sister Chellena some where while Chakira took
the others to a place where she could tell them why she was here and about
her family. Shin left, it wasn’t his duty to stay here yet, so he decided to
wait, since somehow he knew he could trust Chakira.

So, Chakira has decided to show her true colours as promised to the others,
things are only just beginning to make some sense. Is it true that Chakira
is the first female super saiyan or is it a trick, and if so, why is she
trying to deceive them? Find out in the next episode: The first female super
saiyan: The new hunter. Stay tuned for the next exciting episode of
DRAGONBALL Z!!!
(I KNOW ITS KINDA SAD BUT I STILL CAN’T RESIST IT!)

Okay, so I changed the order of things, but I assure you that in the end it
will all be put right. So far, I hope you guys are enjoying this. It’s my
first attempt at a fan fiction, and next one I do when I’m done is one on
Tenchi Muyo. Then I’m going to really mix them up and add characters from
all sorts of programmes, maybe even some escaflowne stuff, or some sad
programme (Maybe Teletubbies could’ve wised up and joined forces with some
evil people and then they begin terrorising the world, with young children
as hypnotised slaves, doing their bidding….it’s the scariest thing I can
think of right now…the world under complete run of the teletubbies!)