Standard Disclaimer for SPECIAL!: These feature has a special guest star
appearence, so if you want to know which famour person it is, keep reading.
This carries on from The First Female Super Saiyan Saga. It tells you what
happened after her death. I would really love it if you read through this, I
spent time planning this, it would be nice, just in memory of Chakira...

SPECIAL!

It was Christmas, and Ryoko and Ramiro were enjoying married life. It wasn’t
the same without the cheerful sarcastic comments of Chakira. Nothing was the
same without her. The scouts had left, Ayeka and Tenchi were married, and
Ryoko went with Ramiro, and at the wedding an honorary silence was held for
Chakira. Life at Gohan’s school wasn’t the same, when everyone had heard
about Chakira’s deed there was a memorial made and flowers were put there.
Outside it was snowing….Chakira had always loved the snow.

“Are you alright, Ramiro?” Ryoko asked.

“I’m fine I guess…I was just remembering…” Ramiro replied.

“I think Chellena is still at the monument. At least she got credit instead
of it going to another jerk like Hercule.”

“Shall we go down and join her?”

“Yes. I’ll just get my coat.”

At the monument were all the Z fighters, coming to pay their respects to the
fallen warrior. Each had their heads bowed, even Vageta. Chellena was
kneeling down, eyes closed and tears still streaming down.

“It’s been a month and she’s still like that, the poor thing.” Videl
whispered to Gohan.

“Chellena was close to her.” Gohan said.

“I guess in some way we all were.” Bulma said. “She was the greatest person
I knew.”
A silence dropped and then Ramiro and Ryoko joined them. Ramiro put down a
box wrapped in paper with a bow on it. He placed it down.

“Merry Christmas, Sis.” He said.

Ryoko put down some flowers. Then they left, Chellena preferred to be left
alone. After a time, when it got dark, she flew home and went straight to
her room. Ramiro stood briefly outside her room, and heard her crying, and
decided it best to leave her. He went downstairs. He sat there, with Ryoko
curled on his lap and they sat and watched the log fire burn. Eventually the
two fell asleep.

They were only awoken by Chellena screaming. When Ramiro went to check on
her he found her crying fitfully, and he soothed her. When he walked out,
just when he got to the stairs she began to yell Chakira’s name. He was
about to go back downstairs but he decided to go in and talk to her, to
reassure her. He paused outside the door and found Chellena laughing. He
smiled and thought maybe she’d found some happy memory. Maybe she’d found
something to remind her of all the good times. He stood waiting, and then he
heard Chellena speaking to herself. He walked in to talk to her and see what
the memory was. When he got in there, he had a smile across his face, and he
was looking directly at Chellena, who was looking away from him. As he
looked in the direction and his smile faded.

“Oh my God!” He cried, and his cup fell from his ands and smashed to the
floor, which made Ryoko come up through the floor to see what all the fuss
was about. When she came up she saw what had wiped away Ramiro’s smiled.

“Where did you get that picture from?” Ramiro asked, and Chellena handed him
the photo of Chakira, giving her usual lop sided grin and waving. “I’ve
never seen this before, or at least I don’t remember it.”

“It was on my bed. It just appeared.” Chellena explained.
Ramiro smiled and shook his head.

“How about we open the presents early?” Ramiro asked, and Chellena nodded.

They went downstairs and by candlelight they opened the presents. After,
Chellena was put back to bed, and she went to sleep. In the morning they
promised to build a huge snowman and go and visit the others. Ryoko had kept
it a surprise that they had invited the scouts and the Masaki gang.
In the morning, Chellena awoke Ramiro by jumping on him before he and Ryoko
were awake.

“It’s Christmas, Santa left a big present last night! Come see!” Chellena
exclaimed. Ramiro and Ryoko came to see what it was. There was nothing on
the end of the bed, only a dent where the present had been.

“Merry Christmas.” Came a voice.
Then, Chakira stepped out of the shadow and into their line of vision.
Ramiro was speechless, he wasn’t sure what to do, until her threw himself
into her arms, afraid she might vanish.

“Chakira!” he yelled. “How did you….we thought you were….”

“You gave her that picture, didn’t you?” Ryoko asked.

“Sure did. Got it done at the Photo booth, which is why you’ve never seen it
before.” Chakira replied. “And thanks for the present.”

“One question, how did you get back, weren’t you dead?” Ryoko asked.

“Well……….” Chakira said.

Everyone was at the Kame house, the last to arrive were the scouts, because
Washu had to open a portal their side so they could get there. Once there
they sat down and Washu made the room larger with pseodo space and placed a
huge couch like the one at Ramiro’s house.

“I wonder if Chellena is feeling any better.” Sasami said.

“The poor dear.” Ayeka said. “I can’t imagine how the whole family must
feel.”

There came a knock on the door and Sasami jumped up to answer it. She opened
the door and let Ryoko and Ramiro in, and Chellena looked unnaturally bright
and happy. In act they all did. It was like Chakira had never existed or
they’d completely forgotten about them. But Sasami was happy to see them
recovered. They entered the room and Chellena was amazed to see them all
there, she hugged them all.

“What presents did you get this year?” Serena asked.

Chellena grinned. “I got the best one of all!” She said.

“What did you get?” Ami asked, bending down to her level.

“Only if I can show you first.” Chellena said.

“Oh just hurry up, I’m starving and that Christmas dinner won’t stay warm
forever.” Vageta sneered.

“Are you telling me that after all this time he hasn’t changed one bit?”
Chakira’s voice said, tinged with laughter. “It seems Ikitsu wasted her
time.”

Everyone looked around them, sure they were imagining things, until Chakira
walked into the room. She’d hidden from Sasami and when she was inside she’d
walked in through the door.

“That was my Christmas present!” Chellena said.

“How did she….” Vageta stammered, never finishing.

“I’m not the only saiyan that’s hard to kill, you know, prince Vageta.”
Chakira said. “I thought I was dead too.”

“How did you survive, where did you go?” Goku asked.

“Well…I’m not entirely sure to be honest with you. I don’t think I died, but
I went to this bizarre place. I think I was inside the Dragonballs, you see,
when I attempted self destruct, they destroyed Hunter, but protected me,
however, I was told they could only ever do it once per person, or person
with my effect on the Dragonballs, but I still don’t know much else.”
Chakira said. “When I came back last night my first aim was to come home,
but instead I decided to have just a little fun…” She grinned. “Seross
thinks I’m a ghost coming in to haunt him, he’s hired an exorcist at a very
expensive price, and then I took a picture to break it lightly to Chellena.
So I left her the photo.”

Everyone stared at her before throwing themselves onto her to hug her.

“Well…you certainly couldn’t have Christmas looking like a bunch of sour
grapes could you?” Chakira said when they let her go, and they all sat down
and had Christmas Dinner.

“A toast to Chakira, the First Female Super Saiyan!” Videl said, and the
toast was made.

“It’s good to be back!” Chakira said laughing.

SO…I COULDN’T FIND IT IN MY HEART TO KILL HER…I NEVER HAD THE INTENTION OF
KILLING HER FROM THE BEGINNING, I HAD THIS ALL PLANNED. I PLAN A MORE
EXCITING LIFE FOR HER, NOT JUST KILLING HER OFF ON MY FIRST STORY ON
HERE…I’M NOT A SADDIST YOU KNOW. IF YOU’VE FOLLOWED THIS ALL THE WAY THROUGH
WOULD YOU TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK OF THE WHOLE STORY? I LOVED WRITING THIS
STORY, AND MY NEXT STORY WILL BE ENVOLVING CHAKIRA AND WHEN I FINISH MY
'FALLEN STAR' FAN FICTION I’LL BE DOING A NEW FAN FICTION WITH NEW
CHARACTERS.

STAY TUNED FOR NOW!

HOPE YOU ENJOYED IT!