THE FIRST FEMALE SUPER SAIYAN: Part Ten- The beginning of the end.

Chakira jerked around abruptly.

“Are you sure?” She asked.

“We picked up an energy blip, which turned back in on itself. He must have
transported here. I also sense he has a ship with him.” Ikitsu explained.

“Then we’ll suit up and get ready, we have to meet him.” Chakira said.

“Finally…something to get me some exercise.” Vageta mumbled.

“You be careful, okay Vageta?” Bulma said.

“Don’t worry, I’ll make Kamadak wish he’d never been born, and show him just
what we Saiyans can do. I will show him ho dangerous it is to under estimate
me.” Vageta replied.

“Are we ready, scouts?” Luna asked.

“Yes.” All the scouts said as one.

“This is it, guys, no turning back.” Ramiro said.

The scouts transformed, Mihoshi got her cube to work and get her into
uniform, the Masaki gang were all in their battle suits and the Z fighters
were preparing themselves. All of them shot out as a single group, each one
of them had been taught to fly and they held down there Ki so that to
somebody sensing them they weren’t there. Hunter would have to see them
first.

“Ramiro, go activate the shelter, you know what button to press.” Chakira
said, and Ramiro did as he was asked. The gang landed with a slight
explosion in the middle of the city. Everyone turned to look at the group,
some backed off, or pointed, some thought it was some kind of display. Then,
one by one they all disappeared.

“They’re all in the shelter. Ramiro will explain. Now, Ikitsu, where abouts
is this energy reversal where he warped through?” Chakira asked.

“I do not know this place very well, but I can take you to the place. I
cannot give you a specific name of a place.” Ikitsu replied.

“What are we waiting for then?”  Vageta snarled.

“I’m very anxious to meet this man.” Goku agreed with a more composed
manner.

“I can sense an energy level some where in the distance, to get a more exact
reading we’ll need to follow it.” Rei said, and everyone nodded.

Luna sat on Serena’s shoulder and Artemis on Mina’s shoulder.
The others without word or signal followed it, and it led them ironically to
the same place the Cell Games were once held at, the expanse of dirt had
seemed to recover from the battle that had taken place and would now witness
another battle. They landed looking around them hoping to catch Hunter
before he caught them.

“I’m picking up something.” Goku said.

“Me too, Dad.” Gohan said.
They all looked around them, trying to pick up some kind of Ki trail.

“Doesn’t it seem ironic that we’re back here again fighting?” Krillin said.

“Only now we could be up against something stronger than Cell and Buu put
together.” Android 18 said.

“Let’s just hope he doesn’t absorb things. It was bad enough what we went
through before.” Picolo said.

“You’ve been awfully quiet the whole time, Picolo.” Goku said.

“I’ve simply been clearing my mind, Goku. When I fight I need to channel
everything into one single thing, and for now it’s fighting, then it was
training.”
Another short silence fell, where the wind only dared to make a sound.

“So this is it.” Mina said.

“We’ve waited for this time to come.” Darien said, transformed as Prince
Darien. Serena linked her arm in his seeking comfort. She wasn’t Princess
Serena yet, but she would be soon, she couldn’t waste energy yet.

“Where is this guy?” Videl asked, feeling impatient. “What is he waiting
for?”

“He is here.” Ikitsu said, her tone could have easily frightened a human,
but not the warriors assembled.
Again they waited, even though it had been five minutes, every second seemed
to take hours to pass.

“I don’t like this.” Krillin said. “If he is here, Videl has a point, what
is he waiting for?”

“Unless this is all a trap.” Android 18 said.

“A wouldn’t expect any less from Kamadak.” Ikitsu said. “Keep that in mind,
I used to train him as a boy, when he turned against us I was told not to
go, but in a way I betrayed my own people just to find him so they would be
safe. I have not yet gone home, I will only return with either Kamadak or
news and proof that he is dead. Ishinka die a little differently than you
would expect, there is a way of proving us dead.”

“Hold it!” Ryoko said.

“I felt it too.” Chakira said.

“A blip of energy.” Goku agreed.
Everybody aloud agreed they had felt it, so they spread out a little more to
gain ground. Chakira seemed to have gone slightly pale, and Goku turned with
an expression that said ‘what’s wrong?’.

“This is how it happened when my parents got killed, he hid out and then…he
attacked without signal, that was mostly what accounted for their death.
Let’s all be prepared.” Chakira explained and everyone doubled their guard.
Then, as it started up as a tiny breeze against them it picked up speed and
force until the gang could hardly stand, they did all they could against it.

“What’s causing this hurricane?” Krillin cried.

“It’s not wind!” Chakira cried as an answer.

“What the hell is this?” Vageta yelled.

“It’s energy!” Chakira answered over the howl of the wind-energy.

“Energy?” Goku asked. “I’ve never seen it do that!”

“But she’s right none-the-less.” Ikitsu said. “It is energy.”

Serena was not crying like a baby as some of them expected, Serena was
determined not to klutz out. Mihoshi was trembling; she was clinging onto
Goku’s leg because if she let go she would go flying back to where the wind
took her. Her screams weren’t heard because of the din, but Goku thought
Mihoshi was a little like Bulma.
Goku exploded and turned super saiyan, as did the other saiyans. Ikitsu
grabbed Mihoshi and held her upright, bringing her under her shield, which
stopped the force of the wind but kept no sound or cold out that the breeze
caused. Ikitsu then extended her shield. She had not had the time to teach
them that trick, and she wondered if they would have been able to do a move
as complex as that, all she had done is given them the shielding one level
under the one she was currently using.

“Can he hit us while we’re under this?” Gohan asked.

“I don’t know.” Ikitsu said. “My guess is no, he can’t use this, as soon as
he fires, this will leave, but he isn’t using this to attack, he’s using it
to disorientate us. Keep your guard up, concentrate. Don’t look for him,
close your eyes, sense him. If you look for him with this energy up, you’ll
do exactly what he wants you to, even if you can’t, concentrate solely on
sensing him.”
Each one of them closed their eyes, and within the space of six second every
one of them found a signal of his energy, even if some of them may have only
picked up a weak signal, they all felt one in some way.

“When is Ramiro going to get here?” Ryoko asked.

“It depends on how confused or annoyed those people are. He has to explain
it to them.” Chakira said.

Ayeka and Tenchi held onto each other and for a moment kissed as if to do so
for the last time.

“Lord Tenchi, we fight side by side. Please don’t leave me.” Ayeka said.

“I wouldn’t leave you if I could.” Tenchi assured her.

Even though Ryoko heard this she wasn’t hurt, it seemed that in this battle
she had placed a coat of iron over her heart and feelings. She expected to
feel like throwing herself into a beam that Kamadak made, but all she wanted
was to fight him for a future. But she wasn’t sure what future she had with
Tenchi choosing Ayeka…Ryoko felt no pain in his name, it could have been
called feeling numb, but she wasn’t so sure. Perhaps she was forcing herself
to think she didn’t care. For now nothing mattered.

“He’s preparing to drop this down.” Washu said, typing on her computer. “I
picked up his location, look.”
Everyone saw a layout of the area, all made up of green lines to show the
contours of the land and in the air, they saw a shape. It was
Kamadak…Hunter.

“So he’s going to stop, huh?” Videl said, tightening her fists. “Good, I’ve
been growing tired of this weather show.”

“Lets do this.” Picolo said.

“We have to work as a group, but some must fall back to act as a defence.”
Chakira said.

“Just as you said.” Videl agreed. “Defenders are just as important as
attackers.”

“Who’s the defence then?” Ami asked.
Chakira turned to her.

“You and the scouts hold back, if we can lure him down, try and hold him,
Washu, stay down so you can created some kind of device to trap him.
Krillin, Goten, Trunks, you all wait down to defend them, they’ll need raw
power to aid them.” Chakira said. “Ryoko, Tenchi, Ayeka, Picolo, Vageta,
Gohan, Videl, 18, Goku and Asaka and Kamadaki come up and group with me.
Anybody else, you come in between the defender and attackers, should an
opportunity come, you help out and we can fall in should we need to quickly
recover. Ikitsu, you hold up some kind of shielding.” Chakira paused. “Does
everyone understand?”

As long as I’m up front fighting I don’t care.” Vageta said.

“You’re almost like your father.” Nobayama said to Chakira.

“Lets hope I’m not going to be exactly like him. I’ve still got to pay back
Hunter.” Chakira said.

“Are we ready?” Chakira asked.

Everybody responded positively.

“The moment he drops this and fires, jump into position. Don’t hesitate.”
Chakira said.

“What about Ramiro?” Sasami asked. “And what about me? Do I go in the
middle?”

“Sasami, I want you to go way back behind the defenders. I don’t want you
getting hurt.” Ayeka said, hugging her sister. “Should I not come back you
take my place as First Princess, alright?”

“But Ayeka…” Sasami said.

“Look, take Ryo-Ohki with you.” Ryoko added, and Ryo-Ohki jumped onto Ryoko
to say a goodbye. “I’ll be back, Ryo-Ohki, if not, even though we haven’t
that close and I may seem like a monster to you, just remember that we’re a
bit like sisters, okay?”
Ryo-Ohki mewed sadly, and licked Ryoko’s cheek, who stroked her one last
time and hugged her.

“Go with Sasami.” Ryoko said, handing her over. “Sasami, look after her
won’t you?”

“Of course I will Ryoko.” Sasami said, wiping a tear away, and she hugged
everyone goodbye.

“Remember what I said, Sasami. And I love you, dear sister.” Ayeka said,
wiping a tear of her own and a tear of Sasami’s. “When we get home how about
I cook for a change, and give you some time to put your feet up?”

“Sure, that would be great.” Sasami laughed, and another tear rolled down
her cheek.
Mihoshi let out a waterfall of tears, between which she said “I’m so
moved!”.
Then the wind broke, and they immediately fell into place, the goodbyes
said, and promises made, they prepared for the battle.

“I hope we’re all ready for this.” Goku said.

“I know we’re ready, there can’t be any other way.” Chakira responded. “We
have to be ready.”
Goku nodded and they advanced to Hunter. When they came up close they saw
him, resembling only vaguely Ikitsu, having the seem sort of features as she
had, as he came from the same race. Hunter smiled and made not move to
attack, and when they got within ten feet of him, they stopped and looked
back at him. The way a smile slowly formed on his lips reminded Ryoko of
Kagato.

“Well, I am impressed.” Kamadak said. “I was expecting to be confronted with
a fury punches from the saiyan twins, and instead she brings an army against
me. Really, you’ve done me the honour of rolling out the red carpet.”
Nobody said anything.

“I have heard a lot about you, Kamadak.” Chakira said, and she saw the brief
flash of confusion flicker across his features. “And I can assure you, you
will not be disappointed.”

“I’m impressed.” Kamadak said.

“You’ll be more than impressed when we’re done with you, Mister.” Videl
snapped.

“Oh? And I suppose you’re going to give me that honour?” Kamadak asked.

“With pleasure.” Videl replied.
Gohan put a hand on her to stay her.

“Chakira, I really must thank you. You’ve really saved me the effort of
going and looking for the saiyans. You’ve practically gift wrapped them and
brought them to me. Who ever the rest of your party are, I need somebody to
test my weapon on before I use them back home.” Kamadak chuckled.

“The only save you’ll get is if one of us grants you mercy.” Chakira
snapped.

“Mercy? And I thought you hated me.” Kamadak said slowly

“I didn’t say I would grant you mercy.” Chakira said in a low threatening
tone.
Kamadak laughed, Tenchi, Ayeka and Ryoko saw how much he was like Kagato; he
had that same confidence, that same slow attitude. He looked almost the
opposite to Kagato, and his voice was different, but still he was familiar
to the tyrant who had enslaved Ryoko and attempted to blow up Earth.

“Well, Chakira. Shall we start? Are you so afraid of me that you will not
attack me? Surely you have all trained up to come for me. Why don’t you show
me that power?” Kamadak asked.

“With pleasure.” Vageta cried, vanishing and reappearing behind him.
He punched Kamadak who fell to the floor, but landed calmly on his feet,
without even a scratch. He let Vageta’s punches take him where they did, and
he wasn’t even bruised or worn out. He took everything which infuriated
Vageta even more. With all his rage he shot a Ki beam and it hit Kamadak,
and when the smoke cleared, Kamadak walked out to face Vageta.

TO BE CONTINUED……

SO THEY FIGHT HAS ARRIVED, THE GOODBYES SAID AND EVERYINE IS IN THEIR PLACE
FOR THIS UNLTIMATE CHESS GAME. STAY TUNED FOR THE NEXT EPISODE:      ‘ Dark
day ’

Lunar: I didn’t do this on purpose, I hate it when you get to the moment
you’ve been waiting for, watching thousands of episodes and then you get
there and then they cut off. I’m just doing this because I can’t put too
much in. Also, those who are confused, I apologize, I did not intentionally
use the Jurai guardian Kamadaki on purpose, if you didn’t notice, Kamadak is
just one letter short of his name, but I’ve had that name on a story I’ve
been working on long before I saw Tenchi Muyo. If I have confused some of
you or made you look twice I apologize. If I had only thought about that,
maybe I could’ve just kept his name to Hunter. To show how sincere I am I
will not use that name unless Ikitsu says it, after dialog I will call him
‘Hunter’.

That’s all I wanted to say.