Lunar: Hey guys! I have a few characters which may confuse most of you, and
I have to mention who they belong to because they are copy written. The only
one so far in this part is Ikitsu Sama (Which the Sama part isn’t the
authoritive title in Japanese). She is copy written to: Lady of Sliver
Blade, host and head of the group running ‘The Challenges!’. The web page,
should you want more info on her is:

http://lady_of_silver_blade.tripod.com/thechallenges/       (the home page)

Or more directly to the page with Ikitsu’s information :

http://lady_of_silver_blade.tripod.com/thechallenges/id4.html

Plus, the characters such as Chakira and Ramiro are mine and so they are
copy written, so if you really want to use them (Which I can’t really
imagine why you would want to) Then ask my permission and mail me. Also, I
may add in another character and she is completely copy written, even the
name is mine. I won’t mention it for now. I don’t think it comes in the
episode, and I’m not sure if I’ll add her in yet, but two other people may
be coming in and both are officially mine, and watch it, I have seventeen
witnesses to say that they have been mine since three years ago, so don’t
try pulling that they were written by you before that with names the same
just by coincidence. (That has happened to me before you know, and the
person who did it took full credit for all my work on these characters, not
even mentioning me, and when I mailed me they said I was stealing their
idea…you can imagine what happened when I reported them……and no I’m not
always a ratter, I don’t dob and I’m not a bitchy person, I just deserve
even a mention since I worked hard to get those characters! I’m just warning
you. Generally people are good about asking, I’ve only had to report once in
like ten years, so I know that this is just reminding you guys…..I know you
wouldn’t really consider stealing work….but if you did its just as bad as
shop lifting)

THE FIRST FEMALE SUPER SAIYAN: PART 5- THE ATTACK AND NEW ARRIVALS

Serena looked at Chakira, who tried to look as trust worthy as possible.

“I’m sorry, I seem to have lost you. I don’t know what you’re talking
about.” Serena said at last.

“I’m sorry if I caused you panic. If you don’t wish to help me, then that’s
fine. I will go now and find a way to prove it. I can’t spare too much time
here. I will leave you now. I’m sorry.” Chakira said, and then turned and
left, Serena was about to call back to her but left her caution to guard
her. She’d given in far too easily for her liking. But Serena also sensed
something, and she decided Rei would be best to work out if it was ‘bad
vibes’.  Serena couldn’t wait that long, if it was true that Chakira was a
threat then she knew who all of them were. She went straight to the shrine
and got Rei. Serena explained about what had happened.

“She said us specifically?” Rei asked.

“Yes.” Serena replied.

“You’ll have to find her and all of us will check her out. Did she seem
unusual?” Rei said.

“She gave in way too easily, and she seemed a little self conscious, or
nervous, or both.” Serena explained.

“I’ll try tonight, if you find her tomorrow…tell us with the communicator
and keep following her.” Rei advised.

“Alright.” Serena then walked away back home.

THE NEXT DAY:
After school that day, Serena was walking home when she saw Chakira, so she
decided to walk around to follow. When Chakira stopped, Serena crept up
close enough to see Chakira pull out her own communicator, but this was a
holocomputer, and the face in it was a boy identical to Chakira, the same
dark hair and eyes.

“How is it going?” Ramiro asked on the communicator.

“Not very well. How are things your end, any sign of him?” Chakira asked.

“Don’t worry so much.” Ramiro said.

“I get so worried that while I’m here, he’ll dive straight down and destroy
everything.” Chakira sighed.
“You just take care. They’re very right to be a little cautious. What’s
going on isn’t the easiest thing to believe and we aren’t the easiest people
to believe. But we need more balance to the team, or we’ll cause more
trouble than good.” Ramiro said, closing off the line, and the holocomputer
vanished. Chakira leaned against the railing and looked up, unwrapping her
tail at her waist. By this time Serena had called all the other scouts and
most were already there. Chakira has sensed their Ki but ignored them for a
moment.

“I can’t sense any bad vibes, but she has got a big power in her, and I find
it pretty unusual to have a tail. What ever she is, she isn’t human.” Rei
whispered, and they all continued to follow as Chakira walked away. Serena
decided that the others would have to talk to her.

“Chakira! Wait up a minute!” Serena called, and Chakira turned.

“It took you that long to just talk to me did it?” Chakira asked with a warm
smile.

“You mean you knew?”

“I could sense all of you guys.”

“Why did you need our help?” Ami asked, coming out from the shadows and she
as followed by the others.

“There is a serious threat on its way.” Chakira replied.

“What kind of threat?” Lita asked.

“He’s willing to blow up as many planets or dimensions as it takes to get
what he wants, and what he lives for is to hunt down races to extinction,
and mine are next. You see, I’m a saiyan, and although most of us were
killed off by somebody else, those few who survived and even those with half
blood are on his list to destroy. It’s not just my race either. If we let
him get away with this, he’ll move on to another group, maybe  he’ll even
start on humans, and from there…who knows. If we don’t stop him he’ll just
carry on.” Chakira explained.

“That’s disgusting!” Rei said.

“That’s what you wanted our help with?” Mina asked.

“Your people in this dimension could well be after us, he can shift worlds
as far as we know. He may just travel on his own or with a space ship…we
really can’t be sure.” Chakira explained. “We have to fight back or it’s too
late. Nothing more, nothing less.”

“If what you’re saying is true then we could be in big trouble. By the
sounds of it you’re rallying up a big army, and I don’t think we’re the
first to be called. Where is the rest of the so called army?” Mina asked.

“Back in the other dimension of Earth. I’ll give you time to think about it,
but please don’t be long, or I’ll have to go back, each moment I’m away from
the others leaves them and myself vulnerable.” Chakira replied.
Then from the shadows Luna and Artemis stepped out.

“Is that true? Is he really coming?” Luna asked.

“Yes. He is coming.” Chakira replied.

“And we thought it was just a rumour…” Artemis said grimly.

“What? What do you mean?” Serena asked, stepping back.

“Years ago, when Queen Serenity was still alive and you were all the
princesses on your own planets, and before Queen Beryl attacked the Moon,
Queen Serenity heard a rumour about a man going around destroying planets.
Eventually rumour got round that he was destroying specific beings, and
Serenity was preparing to defend the kingdom, when rumours ceased to come up
with any new rumours or proof we put it down to little more than rumour. It
may well have been that a meteor storm had hit a planet and the people were
superstitious, and it became a case of Chinese Whispers. Now we can only
guess that it was partially true but he just moved onto another group or
onto another dimension if he can do that.” Luna explained.

“He’s been around all that time?” Ami asked. “He must be very old.”

“Or he followed the rumour and he isn’t as old as you think he is.” Rei
said. “He could just have heard the rumour and decided it would be good just
as a prank, and then one thing turned to another and it became more than
just a prank.”

“No.” Chakira said. “He’s been around for a long time.”
They all looked at her, and then exchanged glances.

“Are we going or not?” Lita asked, and everyone turned to the dark brown
hair, green eyes tall girl which they also knew as sailor Jupiter. “This guy
sounds like a real jerk, and I can’t wait to get my hands on him. If Luna
and Artemis heard about them I see no reason why we shouldn’t go. At least
we tried, and we all fight for love and justice.”

FOLLOWING DAY AT ORANGE STAR HIGH SCHOOL:

“Ryoko come here! You don’t come to this school to skip lessons and make a
nuisance of yourself, do you?” Washu yelled at her daughter.

“These lessons are boring! I want out! Can’t I go back and---”

“And laze around? I don’t think so. One more step out of this room and I’ll
tell the whole class about you and I.” Washu said.

“You wouldn’t dare!” Ryoko hissed.

“Don’t bet on it, Ryoko, now sit down right now.” Washu said, pushing her
glasses up.

Ryoko gave in sat at a table. It was a pity Ayeka wasn’t here, Ryoko might
have had some fun throwing things at her if the princess had bothered
showing up, but no, she stayed with Tenchi….Ryoko despised the woman who had
stolen the one she loved, but for now she was probably so numb she didn’t
know what to feel. Maybe she was just in such high competition with Ayeka
she’d made herself love Tenchi just to try and take him away, or maybe she’d
just been very good friends with him, as she’d watched him grow up, and as
soon as Ayeka came, she threatened to pull them apart…and so she’d moved
onto something stronger to repel Ayeka. Maybe she’d never find anybody to
love her…she was just a space pirate and a demon. Just something created by
a scientist. Nothing more, nothing less. She’s been used as a slave, used as
a guinea pig and used as an excuse for everything wrong. Ryoko sighed and
for the first time she let everything go and she let what Washu said in
class sink in, she listened, she took part in the lesson and she did every
piece of work she was supposed to. At the end of the day Washu was very
surprised when she went over to Ryoko and found her sitting doing nothing,
only Washu hadn’t expected her to be doing nothing because she’d finished
even the extra tasks she’d been set and now had nothing to do.

“Do you have a fever, Ryoko? I don’t sense you to be a clone or a copy…so it
couldn’t be that you’re not the real Ryoko.” Washu asked.

“No. I feel okay, I guess. What’s the big problem?” Ryoko replied.

“Look at your desk.” Washu instructed, and Ryoko looked at the big pile of
work she’d done. “I have hardly ever seen you do any physical work except
get into a fight with Ayeka.”

“I didn’t even realise I’d done it all….I must just have been thinking.”
Ryoko said, smiling weakly.

- Now you’re starting to show signs of being my daughter- Washu said through
her mind link.

+ Thanks Mom+ Ryoko responded through the same link.

-  And you’re willingly calling me Mom? I’m not too sure about this change
Ryoko. Not sure at all.

+ I’m just not feeling much like myself today. I don’t want to be myself
anymore.+

-  Come outside with me Ryoko. Talk to me about it. I know it must be
Tenchi. Come, talk to your Mommy about it. The bell is about to go- The bell
went right on cue, and everyone left, so the two stayed in the classroom
instead of leaving it.

“I know that since Tenchi chose Ayeka over you you’re going to be very
upset. I could make a double of Tenchi, make the clone every single bit like
him but programme it to love only you. That way you two can both be happy. I
can make a carbon copy of the Masaki house and anything else you’d want. If
it’ll make you happy, Ryoko, I’ll do it without question for you.” Washu
offered.

“Thanks but no thanks. I’m not sure why, but the idea just doesn’t
seem…doesn’t seem to make me feel any better.” Ryoko replied.

“This definitely isn’t how you usually behave. I think maybe you’re becoming
just a little like me.” Washu looked at the papers that Ryoko had worked on
in class. “These marks are outstanding, there’s not one mistake, and the
answers are way beyond the answers that the people who wrote the papers were
expecting. These are the kind of complicated answers I’d give. I’d never
expected you to work this hard, Ryoko. I’d never considered you to work so
hard in things as educational as Science. If you’d like I’ll let you become
my little assistant.” Washu said, then snapped her fingers and the two were
warped out and into the lab that Washu had brought over from the Masaki
house and transferred into another cupboard, only this one wasn’t under the
stairs, it was a broom closet right by the gravity rooms and training
simulators. Washu had studied them, the way they worked was very good, and
much a good standard as Washu herself would’ve done with them.

Washu was very surprised at just how well Ryoko understood all of what she
said. It wasn’t that Ryoko couldn’t do what Washu did, its was simply that
Ryoko had never let herself bother with it, and she’d rather have stayed a
child and played about all day. Ryoko was getting to be as smart as Washu,
and she was turning into a more controlled person. Even Ayeka found Ryoko to
be a more reasonable person.

“I never want to go back to what I was with Tenchi. It hurts to much to
remember that.” Ryoko whispered to herself when Washu had travelled to the
distant part of the lab to get something. “It hurts far too much to remember
that. I will be as I am now and maybe I’ll be of use. The only other person
who could’ve cared for me is Washu, the Mother I’d missed for more than 700
years.”

“I know it may hurt, Ryoko.” Came a voice, and Ryoko turned to see a tall,
dark woman with long braided hair and blank dark eyes standing in front of
her. Her hair was tied almost like Washu’s, so it formed a teardrop shape.
The woman’s skin was tanned and she had an assortment of clothes that seemed
to be some kind of uniform.

“Hey, who are you?” Ryoko asked, trying not to resort to her usual growl.

“I am sorry if I startled you. I am Ikitsu Sama. Although Chakira has not
summoned me for this fight, I will see if I may fight beside you. I know her
secret. She will need my help as will everyone else. Hunter is not a weak
man.” She replied, giving a bow to humble herself.

“How did you get in here?” Ryoko asked.

“I warped in here with my powers.” Ikitsu replied.

“Powers…but Washu’s lab had force fields….how did you get through all
those?”

“My power worked with the energy of the field, and I fooled the defensive
energy that I too was energy of it’s own so it let me wade through.” Ikitsu
heard Washu coming back, sensing it from even as far as Washu was.

“I will see you soon, feel free to tell Washu…if you don’t wish to…I will be
meeting you all very soon, for I am about to talk to Chakira about being on
her team on our assault against Hunter.” And Ikitsu vanished.

“Why is it that everyone is attacking my emotions?” Ryoko sighed.

OKAY, SO I INTRODUCED IKITSU SAMA, BUT IS SHE THERE FOR GOOD, OR THERE FOR
BAD, AND WHAT IS THE SECRET THAT SHE KNOWS ABOUT CHAKIRA? WILL RYOKO CHANGE
FROM THE DEMON WE ALL KNOW AND LOVE TO A DOUBLE OF WASHU? HOW COULD SHE? IS
SHE HURT THAT BADLY WITH HIM CHOOSING AYEKA OVER HER?  WILL IKITSU BE
ALLOWED ON THE TEAM? WILL RYOKO REMAIN THE SENSIBLE CALM PERSON SHE IS NOW?
FIND OUT NEXT TIME.

Lunar: Okay, so the title may have gotten you thinking that Hunter was going
to attack, and I know its very risky on getting Ryoko to change personality,
but, if she’s in love that much with Tenchi and Ayeka is marrying him and
not her then she’s bound to be depressed….isn’t she?

Mihoshi: So do I get more of a say> I’ve been sat in the corner with Android
18.

Lunar(Muttering) poor android 18. No wonder she didn’t say anything in this
episode.

Mihoshi: So is Ayeka really going to marry Ayeka? What about poor Ryoko? She
must be terribly upset.

Lunar (Sarcastically): No….you think so???? I really didn’t realise that,
thank you Miss Mihoshi for pointing that out to me.

Chakira: You think we can get into the battle? I’m really ready for the Jerk
hunter.

Lunar: Sure, sure, but we can’t forget the tension between the new Ryoko and
Tenchi, and then there’s Ayeka….

Chakira: Well do a separate cross over thing for them! I want it done, and
done now!

Lunar: Calm down! I’ll get to it!

Next episode is: ‘Words of the heart broken’

Pleas review what I’ve done so far. I don’t think I’ve had any feed back,
and I’d love even negative stuff. At least if somebody thinks its rubbish
they’ve considered reading my work!
Maybe next I’ll do a lemon fan fic! Or finish of my ‘Fallen Star’ fic I did
ages ago and never sent off the rest……..any way guys….c ya later….and
hopefully with reviews!