THE FIRST FEMALE SUPER SAIYAN- PART FOUR: THE TEAM ASSEMBLED.

Lunar: Okay, first of all, I’ve kept my mouth shut for the first two or
three parts, and so had Chakira. All you guys out there who don’t think
women can really kick ass, let me tell you now, they can. If you came up to
me in the street and said woen couldn’t and you showed me some fancy tattoo
of a snake on your arm to also show off your musles I would leave an imprint
of my fist in your face just to prove was a spaz you are. Do you get my
drift? I’m not doing this to prove a point (Well, maybe that’s one tiny
reason I’m doing it) but the other main reasons I’m doing this is for
Chakira’s sake.

Chakira: Really?

Lunar: Yes. Really.

Chakira: I’ll be famous this time next year!

Lunar (sweat dropping): Erm…yes, very good. Anyway back to the point. The
other reason is because this story just has to be told, think of it as the
chapter Akira Toriyama cut out (This doesn’t mean I respect the man any
less. He is one of the greatest anime people yet. I am not trying to insult
him in anyway shape or form.)

Chakira: Can we get started?

Lunar: Here we go, buckle your seat belts, we’re heading off to the farthest
regions of the furthest universe!

Ryoko had been allowed to come to the school as a student because she was
bored and Washu go a job as a teacher. Ryoko tried to persuade Tenchi to go,
but he didn’t want to, and Chakira said she had to try and train him so he
could his light hawk wings out before the battle. Ayeka, deciding that she
too was bored, went to the school as well.
In class, Ryoko was in the same ones as Gohan and Videl. Ryoko however
didn’t know that Washu was going to be teaching in the school and when she
saw Washu walking into the room for science, she was angry.
“Hey!” Ryoko said. “What do you think you’re doing here?”
Washu gave her a hard stare.
“Sit down Ryoko. The lesson is beginning.” She said.
“If you’re teaching this lesson then I’m out of here.” Ryoko said,
vanishing, but reappeared beside Washu, who grabbed her tail and threw her
back in her seat.
“Quiet Ryoko, or I’ll ground you.” Washu said. “Don’t make me tell all your
class mates who I am.”
Ryoko went red with rage and sat down without a word. Later that day, in the
middle of the lesson, Chakira ran in.
“Sit down. I want to talk to you in a moment.” Washu said in a teacher’s
voice.
“I guess you know where I’ve been, Washu. You might also want a word with
somebody else too.” Chakira said, and then ran to sit down at a place beside
Gohan and Videl. They looked curiously at her.
“Who is this new teacher? She’s really strange.” Videl said.
“She’s joined the team to help fight off Hunter.” Chakira replied.
Videl looked at Washu and then she sweat dropped.

“What her? We’re having a teacher on our side? That’s ridiculous!” Videl
said. “Is she going to calculate our attacks or something?”

“She can fight, and you see Ryoko over there? She’s helping too along with
Ayeka, Tenchi and the least helpful officer Mihoshi.” Chakira said.

“That clutzy Mihoshi couldn’t stop a fire fly, I don’t even know why you let
her come.” Ryoko broke in from beside Chakira.

“I didn’t have any choice. Maybe she’ll chicken out. But there are a few
others to come.” Chakira added.

“Others?” Gohan repeated curiously.

“You’ll see. It’s beginning as a game of chess, we place our pieces
strategically, and when hunter comes, he just kills all the rules and we’re
left with the strategy. We’ll need strength in the number of fighters and a
good plan to win. This fight is going to be hard. Although Shin is staying
out of this, we can get by, because I also have a replacement for him.”
Chakira whispered, and then they got back to work.

At lunchtime, the group were all out on the field, with Washu and Ryoko.
Ramiro was even there.
“Do you know anymore on when he’s coming?” Videl asked.

“No. But tomorrow I won’t be here. I’m on a mission to find somebody.”
Chakira replied with a lopsided grin.
Gohan studied her, wondering what was going in that mind of hers. There were
a lot of things unexplained about her, like how she could’ve gone to the
other world without being dead or why none of them could train. Maybe they
were already strong enough, but if they were, then what was Chakira worrying
about?

“Who exactly are you getting?” Washu asked.

“You’ll see.” Ramiro said in the place of Chakira.

“Why does that not sound good?” Washu sighed.

“Well, as long as we get as many as possible, we’ve got to be able to stop
that Hunter guy.” Gohan said.

“Well, who ever he is, he won’t stand a chance against us.” Ryoko said off
handedly.

“Don’t forget Tenchi hasn’t yet got his light hawk wings up yet. We need
some of you guys for defence.” Ramiro told her.

“I am not playing some idle back line person.” Ryoko yelled.

“The defence is just as important as the attacks.” Chakira said.

“How do you work that one out?”

“Defences sort out anything that may have slipped behind the attackers, and
if there is nobody to defend, then the attackers will get surrounded and it
will make things weaker on our side.” Ramiro explained.

“I can see that as a good strategy, perfectly viable.” Videl said.

“You guys take fighting very seriously.” Gohan said.

“You’re not a true fighter unless you take things seriously.” Ramiro said.

“You’re even truer if you can take time to not be serious.” Chakira said,
picking at her brothers solemn look.

“So what does that make Vageta?” Gohan asked with a grin.

“A stubborn sourpuss.” Chakira chuckled, and got a hard stare from her
brother, which she laughed at.

LATER THAT NIGHT:

Chakira sighed deeply. She had to do this, and she knew this wasn’t the best
of times. She had this nightmare of Hunter coming for them while she was
playing around in another dimension. She looked around to check she was at
the right address and then walked through the gates and up the drive to the
house. She knocked on the door. A woman with blue hair half tied up answered
the door.
“Can I help you?” She asked.
“Yes, may I speak with your daughter Serena?”
“Serena? Is it something serious?”
“No, I just wanted to talk to her. A friend she knows has a message for her,
I’m supposed to give it to her.”
Serena’s mother called Serena down and Serena met Chakira at the door.
Serena’s mother left the two to talk.
“So I know you?” Serena asked.
“Maybe. I certainly know you. I’ve come to ask for your help. May a talk
privately with you?” Chakira replied.
“Sure, I guess. It sounds really important…are you joining our school?”
“Yeah. A friend of mine recommended you to hang around with. He said you
were a very good friend to have. Do you mind.” Chakira replied.
“It must’ve taken you a lot of courage to come and ask me, Alright then,
Mom! I’m going to take…err…” Serena looked at Chakira. “What’s your name?”
“Chakira.”
“I’m going to take Chakira for a little tour of the town, she’s going to be
going to my school, she must be new.” Serena finished.
“That’s nice of you Serena. Have fun you two.” Her mother said.
Serena got her shoes on and the two went off together. Serena showed her the
arcades and allt he other places. When they got to the deserted shrine,
Chakira stopped and looked directly at Serena.
“I’m going to ask you something, and I know you’ll get the wrong idea.
Before we even start, I want to tell you I’m not from this dimension and I’m
not from the negaverse.” Chakira said.
“Negaverse? What in the world is the-”
“I’m not a threat, Sailor Moon. I need you and the other scouts to help me
or your dimension and every other is going to be destroyed. I know who you
are, and I don’t have a lot of help. My friends and I really need your help.
If you really feel threatened I won’t force you to come, but we need your
help. We need Rei, Ami, Lita and Mina. Darrien can help if he really wants.
I just need your help.” Chakira explained.
Serena obviously needed convincing more.

CHAKIRA HAS SO FAR BROUGHT THE TENCHI GANG TO THE FIGHT, BUT THE NEW THING
IS TO CONVINCE THE SAILOR SCOUTS THAT SHE ISN’T LEADIGN THEM INTO A FIGHT
AGAINST THEM OR TRYING TO KILL OR TRICK THEM. HOW IS SHE GOING TO PROVE HER
SINCERITY? FIND OUT NEXT TIME ON…ERRR…IS THIS STILL COUNTED AS DBZ OR NOT?
WELL…FIND OUT NEXT TIME WHETHER IT’S DBZ, SAILOR OR TENCHI.

THE NEXT ONE WILL BE ‘THE ATTACK AND NEW ARRIVALS’.