THE FIRST FEMALE SUPER SAIYAN: Part Nine – Under Ikitsu’s order.

“Wow! You guys looked great in police uniform.” Chakira said once they were
home.
“It was thanks to my moon disguise activation. I never knew it would work on
a group…but it did.” Serena said. “That little moon pen does the trick.”
“It sure does.” Ami agreed.
“Shouldn’t you get those bullets out? Don’t they hurt?” Lita asked.
“Not really. They just caught me off guard, I’m sure they’ll have a nice
night in the slammer.” Chakira said, grinning.
“Where did Ramiro and Ryoko go?” Ayeka asked.
“They’ve just gone to tell that little hussy Suzumay the good new….I
mean…bad news about her husband. Maybe if she can scrape some money out she
can afford to bail him out.” Chakira explained.
“It seems that there is a story between Seross and Suzumay.” Rei mused.
“Yep, one heck of a story, you wouldn’t believe it. I won’t say anything,
he’s lived long enough with it as it is.” Chakira said.
Most of the others left to change leaving only Chakira and Goku for a
moment. Goku sat down and looked at Chakira, who was sewing up her minor
wound and throwing the bullet on the tray away.
“You were there without question for your brother.” He said.
“I always have been. We’re all a family, I’m a lot like you, I didn’t know
what I was and then it all crashed down on me, all at once. I’m grateful for
the family I have, and grateful for what I know.” Chakira replied with a
smile.
“If you’re doing this because you think it’s all your fault your parents
died you don’t have to. None of it was your fault.” Goku assured her.
“But I’m not like that. I don’t care who’s fault it was, as far as I’m
concerned in things like this there is no ‘his fault, her fault, their
fault.’ It was Hunter who killed them, the man Kamadak. I’m simply avenging
my parents, I never really wanted to fight as much as I have. I love
training people, helping them learn, so I’ve taught my little sister and the
two twin boys, however, those boys aren’t…aren’t exactly…”
“Exactly…what?”
“I’ll show you.”
Chakira took him to the lowest floor of the house, five floors down and it
was very cold. They walked into a steel room and Goku saw what she was
saying. In a tank, a cardiograph showed the bleak signs of two twin boys who
were barely alive, a lot of their body was machinery to make up for lost
limbs, pretty much like what had happened to Freiza after Namek had exploded
and he’s been left in space until he was found. Chakira’s eyes became dim
and sad.
“They tried to stop Hunter but they couldn’t control their energy. They had
so much power, they self destructed, they threw back Hunter. We…we managed
to retrieve them…but we could hardly keep them alive. So we kept them like
this, in hope we can bring them back. So for six years they’ve been like
this, they can hear roughly what we say, but they find it hard to respond.”
Chakira looked back at Goku. “I know we’re all a family of bizarre saiyans,
we are saiyans, but we’re slightly twisted. We still won’t turn down a
fight, but…there are things we can’t do, like transform under the moon…we
can’t lose our tails…our parents could…their tails were cut. The planet
obscured us, and since then it’s been carried onto the rest of the family.”
Goku smiled and put an arm around her to assure her.
“You’ve helped us a lot, you care so much even about people you don’t know.
You’re trying very hard, you’ve been a great friend, before we get on that
battle field I want you to know that I’m grateful, I’m sure we all are.”
Goku said.
“I’ll do anything to make sure we all have a future.” Chakira promised.
“Don’t get to carried away. We’re all making an effort, don’t exhaust
yourself. We’re all here for you.”
“Goku…I’m the reason you can’t train the way you usually do. I know I can
trust you with a secret. I’m not the first person to entrust you with a
secret.” And then Chakira told him her secret, and why she couldn’t let them
train except through Ikitsu.

Ryoko and Ramiro returned and were filled in. The whole crowd was trained.
“What we are going to learn, as foolish as you may think it, is Battle
Magic.” Ikitsu informed them, and so started their new training regime. It
was almost like learning to control their Ki only harder, and Ikitsu pushed
them onward. Even Washu was willing to take part in the training. Sasami
joined in for fun and Mihoshi…was absolutely hopeless, but Ikitsu had plenty
of patience and took everything with cool calmness, her voice never lost its
composed tone of reassurance, and Mihoshi slowly got the basics controlled
while everyone was miles ahead of her, and Ikitsu advised her not to be
discouraged. Nobody had really placed that much faith in Mihoshi as Ikitsu
did, and because of that even her skills as a galaxy police officer were
greatly improving, Ikitsu saw that opportunity and taught her how to use
some bizarre weapon, that was like a sceptre, much the size if sailor moons,
but it was just a simply sceptre of green crystal. It fired beams and other
attacks. The sailor scouts were learning new attacks that were still based
on their planets. The Z fighters were learning powerful beam attacks and
sheildings, real dome shields. Ikitsu was a very effective teacher, and
taught Washu many things she could do, and explained the scientific ins and
outs of each attack so she could understand and improve it better.

Nobayama stood there the whole time, like a statue in their presence, moving
only to return the nods Ikitsu passed to him. None of them had yet requested
Eya-Kyosho, and Chakira was thinking about it. Goku felt a little sorry for
Chakira now he knew her secret, and she tried so hard. She was a true
warrior. After a hard days work, the gang were shown Chellena’s
transformation to what they called a ‘silver saiyan.’ They stood outside
while Vageta was inside facing the small child. He huffed, wondering why he
had to waste his time. Then Chellena transformed, her level boosting up, she
was generating heaps of power, but even then Vageta sneered at it. Then he
made his move, and as promised, Chellena’s speed was exceptional, even
Vageta couldn’t sense her Ki, she was moving so fast it was all around the
room she didn’t attack. She appeared behind him and he turned. He sent a
fury of punches and she simply moved, they charged around the room, Vageta
storming, determined to catch her out. Even the others couldn’t find her,
each one having the same problem as Vageta.
“Keep still you little runt!” Vageta cried.
Answering his request she stopped and Vageta made a move too wide, and he
missed her, Chellena only laughed with her musical giggle.
“Laugh at me will you, I’ll show you!” Vageta exploded, bringing his top
level into action and he chased her all around the room, each time she
dodged easily. She wasn’t even in a sweat, but she hadn’t made a move to hit
back, not even a beam. Chellena knew better. In the end the battle was
called to a stop, and Vageta stormed out without word, pushing past
everyone. Chellena bowed at everyone, and the clapped.
“That was incredible!” Gohan whooped.
“I’ve never seen speed like that, she was so fats it fooled even me that her
Ki was all over the room.” Krillin agreed.
“I’ll bet she would’ve whipped Cell and Freiza together by wearing them out
had she been there for that fight.” Bulma said.
“And the Red Ribbon army…that would’ve been just as easy for somebody with
that speed.” Goku agreed.
“Perhaps I could have use…would you mind if I studied her speed? Maybe if I
can take samples of that energy we might have something going here.” Washu
asked.
“Maybe you should ask her.” Chakira replied.
“I’ve never seen a child that fast.” Android 18 muttered. “There’s an
imbalance with her power.
“Very true.” Ramiro said. “She’s got all the speed, but to get that speed
her power joined with it, so she couldn’t pack much of a punch, she has
enough power to knock out a gang off humans….sure…but anything else she
wouldn’t stand a chance using her fists or Ki beams.”
“And she’s okay with that?” Sasami asked. “Doesn’t she feel like an odd
ball?”
“No. She honestly doesn’t like to fight, so her speed is alright for her.”
Ramiro replied.
“Do you guys have a bath tub here?” Mina asked.
“Yeah, I think we need to get washed after that.” Serena added.
“I don’t feel comfortable about this, I need a good soak to help me relax
after all this hard work.” Rei agreed.
“Dito.” Lita replied. (It means the same, go to the bottom if you want a
better explanation.)
“And its good for the mind. I’ve been bending mine all day.” Ami said.
Chakira showed the others to the baths, it was a huge block with a large
bath in each of the many rooms, and a shower across the other side of the
room. The full facilities were there, towels, bath salts…the full ticket.
The bathroom also had a steam room and the bath had a button to become a
Jacuzzi. Serena dived in frantically, desperate to try it out. Chakira left
them and went back to the training rooms to get Chellena.

SEVEN MONTHS LATER…….

The group had all been training, getting time off school to work for this,
but Washu had a device which taught them in their sleep, and Serena wondered
if she could have one to take home. Serena was actually learning something.
Chi Chi had been put at rest with that and visited every day, even spending
the weekend. Washu had made even more room using Pseodo space. Goku, Gohan,
Goten and Chi Chi had gone home on occasions, and had even been on a family
outing at a circus. Under Ikitsu’s order they were doing well and it wasn’t
affecting Chakira’s secret. At the weekend the whole group assembled for the
battle, and they sat down relaxing and talking. Vageta had eventually cooled
down and his temper was gone. Vageta sat cold and dismissive on the chair,
while Bulma spoke to him, she was the only one who got answered by him, but
he eventually walked off in a huff. He walked all the way to the training
room, and stood just outside the door. He had gotten to know the layout of
Chakira’s huge house. From the outside it looked small, maybe a little
bigger than Goku’s house, but its full size ran under ground.
“Why can’t you just admit it?” Ikitsu asked, and Vageta turned to see her
idly leaning against the wall. She could’ve been a saiyan, with her dark
hair and dark eyes, but she wasn’t as muscular as Chakira, she was skinny
and tall, but didn’t have the build of a saiyan. Even still she seemed
powerful enough to be in Vageta’s company.
“Admit what?” Vageta snapped.
“You care so much about Bulma, yet you don’t know how to express it. It
won’t make you any less of a warrior, look at Kakerot. He’s what you might
call soft. He’s never afraid to tell his family he loves them…never.” Ikitsu
replied.
“I’m a warrior-”
“You’re a person. Not a human, but a person none the less. She loves you,
and should you die in this battle, or should she die, you may wish that you
had told her wouldn’t you? I know you may find it hard but really no
challenge. One of the most powerful weapons that us Ishinka regard is our
feelings towards others. If you love her but you are too embarrassed to say
so why don’t you take her out alone somewhere? Wouldn’t that be better?”
Ikitsu said, and the look in her eyes stopped Vageta from being stubborn a
retaliating and she made him see sense. He walked off and luckily found
Bulma alone. It seemed almost too convenient. The two went off alone and
Nobayama appeared beside Ikitsu, and they shook hands.
“Mission successful.” Nobayama said.
“You did well, to get Bulma out alone, Nobayama, my son. Now let us go and
monitor Kamadak to see if he’s coming.” And Mother and son walked away.
It was two days later that the alarm was raised back up. Ikitsu ran into the
room.
“Everyone, the time has come.” She said. “Kamadak, the one you know better
as Hunter is here.”

TO BE CONTINUED……

HUNTER HAS FINALLY COME DOWN! WILL THEY BE READY? IS HE REALLY THERE OR IS
THIS A DRILL? THE BATTLE WILL BE FEIRCE, THEY WILL AHEV TO SAY ABGOODBYE TO
THEIR LOVED ONES UNTIL THEY RETURN AND GO AND FIGHT HUNTER. WHAT ABOUT THE
EXTRA PLAYER, THE DEMON EYA-KYOSHO? IS SHE COMING OR NOT? STAY TUNED FOR THE
NEXT EPISODE:                 ‘ The beginning of the end’

Meanings:

‘Dito’ for those who don’t know, its that saying that Lita says a few times.
It means the same as before or the same as. For the pokenuts of the ones who
know a little, you will remember the pokemon Ditto, the shape shifter that
would change to any pokemon and have its attacks.

Sorry about the English lesson, but you use dito’s more than you think in
life.

Example:

1987 birth of John
“                   “ Mary
“                    “ Leanne

Or how about this

1.      Time of departure  11:00
2.      “                         “  8: 30

Do you get it now, you often use it on videos (Like when you use those
recordable videos and write n the video cover what is on it. Another big
example is:

Back to the future
“                          “ 2
“                          “ 3
I’m sure that’s what you call them. I’m not sure if it’s spelt right, but
that’s how it sounds, the way it’s written.

If you say it, its like a weird way of saying, me too. So if Mina said, “I’m
hungry” Lita might say “Dito” and mean ‘me too’ or ‘same here.’ If you still
don’t understand go and see your English teacher! I am NOT an English
teacher, the fact that I’m in top set makes no difference!