Just as I little note, I know I’ve messed stuff up here, but that’s why they
call it a fan fic. It’s only slightly changed, not much, but consider
everything else to happen the same as it did. It’s based during the Saiyaman
saga, just before buu. I thought its only fair that people see women cab be
just as good as men, android 18 proved that, even though she did get sucked
up by Cell, but she was vicious enough. Here’s the basic for you:
In here, the new characters are:

Chakira
Ramira
Mora
Lorden
Chellenna

These are all part of one family, going from top to bottom, top being the
eldest, bottom the youngest.
I think all should know how good women could be. It’s only fair, since the
characters of Dragonball Z are always men being the most powerful. Android
18 and Videl are some of the only female fighters (So I’ve seen)

The first female super saiyan

Gohan sat in class after being called to sit up at the desk at his first day
at Orange Star High. The teacher stopped briefly to look at her register.

“Now, class, don’t get too comfortable yet. I’m sure there’s supposed to be
somebody else who’s new here as well.” They said, and as if on cue, somebody
burst through the doors.

“Very sorry I’m late. My sister wouldn’t go to school. I had to go and find
her and make sure she was okay.” The new girl said.

“Sit down then, there’s a seat up there near Gohan. Do you know which one he
is?” The teacher instructed.

“Yeah, I do.” She turned to go and walk up to the spare seat.

“Class, this is Chakira Mayanami.” The teacher introduced, and then they
paused. “Isn’t your brother supposed to be here too?”

“Yes, he’s going to be here in a few days. There was something he had to
take care of first.” Chakira replied. “I hope that isn’t a problem.”

“I shouldn’t think so.” The teacher said, waving absently.
Chakira took the seat. She noticed Gohan was looking at her. She didn’t move
her head, but she looked at him from the corner of her eyes.

“Hi, Gohan.” She said, giving a lopsided smile. There was something about
that smile that almost shocked Gohan.

“Hi!” Gohan returned nervously.

“Do you two know who Videls father is?” Sharpner asked.

“Yes, Hercule.” Chakira replied.

“Isn’t he the greatest?” Sharpner said. Chakira only grinned like she found
what he said highly hilarious.

“I guess so. As far as I hear, he’s the greatest fighter I the world.
Although…” Chakira paused. “I know somebody who doesn’t think so.”

“Who would that be, who would be stupid enough to doubt Hercule? He saved us
from the androids!” Sharpner burst, making the teacher look up.

“Sharpner, is this something you’d like to share with the class?” They
asked.

“No.” Sharpner replied.

“Good, then get out your text books and open to page seventy.”

After school, Gohan was walking down the hall way when he noticed Chakira
leaning against her locker. She looked up at him.

“I guess you’ve got a long way home. I’d better not keep you.” Chakira said,
smiling slightly.

“ How do you know that?” Gohan asked.

“The same way I know a few other things about you. I know Hercule didn’t
really save the earth. Your father, Goku did.” Chakira’s smile broadened.
“And you did too.”

“What! What ever gave you that kind of idea, Chakira? I have no idea what
your talking about!” Gohan burst, nervously.
“You don’t have to be afraid, Gohan. I know what you are. I’ll fly home with
you if you want.” Chakira offered.

“Fly, look, I really think you must be confused…” Gohan stopped short as
Chakira rose slightly into the air.

“Are you coming or not?” She asked.

“You mean you can…” Gohan paused, not wanting to go too far ahead encase he
was wrong and he was giving away things he shouldn’t.

“Yes Gohan, I can.” Chakira assured him.

“And can you fight too, who taught you that? How did you learn to fly?”

“Probably the same as you.”

“And you know what happened during the cell games?”

“Of course.”

Gohan landed back at home, after seeing Bulma about his disguise. Goten
greeted him. After doing all his work, he went to his room, and lay on the
bed, thinking about Chakira. What was she and who was she, why did she still
burn some memory at the back of his head? He’d certainly never seen her
before, not that he remembered. He sighed.

Early next morning after arriving late again at school, he ran into the
class room. Chakira sat there calmly, talking to some of the girls. A few
guys thought she was cute and spoke to her.
She seemed normal enough.
Maybe she just knew more than anyone else did in school. At least she didn’t
worship that prick Hercule like they all did. But she also knew more about
him than he felt comfortable with. There was also something she was clearly
hiding, something that seemed ominous and almost dark, but not quite evil.
Something he wasn’t sure about. Videl had seemed a little suspicious of her
too, after what she had said about Videl’s father, Hercule. Chakira had kept
quiet over who it was, because no doubt it was her anyway.
Chakira looked across at him.

“Hey! Gohan, are you taking part in the world martial arts tournament?” She
asked.

“I don’t think I will, why?”

“Maybe you should consider trying for it. You might find you’ll be forced to
do so.” And then the lesson started.

Gohan was walking in the town when he heard some men yelling. He heard a
little girl trying to get away from something. He turned to see a group of
men with a little girl pulled into an alley. He ran over to help, but no
sooner had he done that, the men looked down the alley and he heard somebody
speaking. They backed out of the alleyway. The little girl stayed where she
was, and the men pulled out some weapons.

“Chakira!” The little girl cried happily, and Chakira stepped out in front
of the men and stood in front of the little girl, protecting her. She looked
up at the men.

“Is there some kind of problem, gentlemen?” Chakira asked calmly.

“We don’t need to beat two people up, we just want the money the kids got.
Stand aside and we’ll make it quick and painless.” One of the men said.

“Why don’t you try picking on somebody your own size?” Chakira asked, in a
definite challenge.

By this time Videl and other students were gathering.

“Like you, little girly?” One man asked.

“At your own peril, laughing boy.” Chakira snapped.  “I should warn you to
stay away from my little sister. You could get hurt if I caught you guys
trying to beat her up.”

“Ahhh. Isn’t that sweet? Big sister is here to protect the little kid.” The
biggest teased, and Chakira stood her ground, not even flinching.

“If your going to try and get past me, hurry it up. I’m getting bored.”
Chakira said.

“Alright, missy, but you asked for it.” The big one said. He threw a punch
and Chakira simply moved her head, and it missed. Her fist crashed into his
face and he flew backwards and skidded down the road. The other scowled at
her.

“Your gonna pay for that you little runt!!!” They said.
Chakira ducked and moved from their attacks, before catching the leg of one
and throwing him far down the road, one managed to knee her, but she didn’t
even show signs of pain.

“Isn’t that a sweet little baby kick?” Chakira cooed sarcastically, and then
she slammed her knee into his soft stomach.

“That’s a big boys kick.” She informed him, just before one of the bigger
ones grabbed her and tried to crush her. She head butted him hard, and when
he fell backwards she elbowed him hard in the gut and he slumped to the
floor. The other jumped into a car, and sped away.

“You haven’t heard the last of this!” he cried, before the tyres screeched
and he was gone.

“Yes I have.” Chakira promised, and then she bent down and picked the little
girl up, stepping over the fallen men, who were either too weak to move, or
out cold.

“You showed them, didn’t you Chakira!” The little girl cried happily, and
then she looked at Gohan. “Hi Gohan!”

“Errrr…Hi.” Gohan returned.

“Hey! Chakira!” Videl cried, running over. “That was pretty impressive!”

“Thanks, Videl. Just looking after my little sister here.” Chakira said,
grinning back.

“Are you going to take part in the world martial arts tournament?” Videl
asked hopefully.

“Of course I am.”

“What about me Chakira?” The little girl asked.

“You know what Nobayama said, Chellena, no means no.” Chakira firmly told
the little girl. “And don’t ask again.”

“I’m sorry, Chakira, I really wanted to take part this time.” Chellena
sighed.

“You’ll get your turn” Chakira promised with a wink.

“So that’s your little sister is it?” Videl asked, looking closer. “You can
clearly see the resemblance.”

“Thanks for the compliment, Videl.” Chakira said, and then she looked at a
slightly surprised Gohan. “Bye you two. I’ll see ya in school tomorrow,
okay?”

“I’m glad you’re coming to the tournament, too, Chakira.” Videl said with a
smug grin.

“My brother’s going too. He’ll be in school tomorrow.” Chakira promised, and
then she ran off, waiting till she got out of sight before flying off.

Everyone had come to school earlier than needed to see what Chakira’s
brother was like. They were very surprised to find them the same age, and
identical twins. Both had the same jet-black hair and dark eyes. They both
came running into school like they had infinite energy. By this time, even
Gohan had grown very curious. The girl knew exactly who and what he was, but
never told anybody, or said anything in public about it. Yet she seemed a
little familiar to him. He could also sense some kind of freaky power in
her.

“Wow!” One girl cried. “That’s her twin brother? He’s soooo cute!”

“Now at least the boys and girls are happy. There’s a boy and a girl for
them.” Videl whispered, behind Gohan, making him jump.

“Yeah, I guess.” Gohan nervously agreed.

A few fays later and Videl had found out he was Saiyaman and has blackmailed
him into joining the World Martial Arts Tournament. But Chakira had
predicted it. When she’d said it, he didn’t think much of it, and now he
fully understood what she’d meant. He was determined to find out who and
what she was. He jumped as Chakira came up behind him. He hadn’t even sensed
her energy as she walked up to him.

“Not long till the tournament, huh?” She said.

“I’m sorry if I seem like a jerk, but how did you know about Videl and me,
and what would happen, or who I am. You seem a little weird. I can’t help
but sense a strange power in you; I want to know what you are.” Gohan said,
stumbling over words.

“All I will say is the name of a man I know. Baramard. You want to know
anything find out about him.” Chakira said. “It will all be revealed soon, I
promise. I look forward to the tournament as well, Gohan.”

Gohan went back to see Bulma. Vageta and Trunks were in the room, and Bulma
was working on some little gadget.

“So how did it go, did you ask her?” Bulma asked.

“Yeah, I did. She didn’t tell me much.” Gohan replied. “Only she mentioned
the name Baramard, what ever that means.”

Vageta stirred, his face turning cold.

“What was that name?” he demanded.

“Baramard.” Gohan repeated, and made Vageta bolt to his feet and grab Gohan
by the scruff of his shirt.

“You will take me to this girl right now!” He cried viciously.

“Came down Vageta! I don’t even know where she lives! But she said she’s
taking part in the tournament.”

“Then I’m taking part in it. I’m going to see this girl.”

“Why, do you know who she is, Vageta?” Bulma asked.

“I want to know how she got that name.” Vageta replied coldly with
determination.

The tournament was already beginning, Chakira and her Brother, Ramira, had
made it unquestionably. But something weird had happened before. When Goku
had arrived he had seen Chakira and recognised her.

“Its you…” Goku had said.

“Nice to see you back on Earth Goku.” Chakira had returned.

“Dad, how do you know her?” Gohan asked.

“She was up in the other world for a while, we spoke with each other only a
few month ago, and she came just before I left to come down here. I didn’t
know she’d be here.” Goku explained.

“I guess I’ll be seeing you in the Tournament, guys.” Chakira had said
before leaving.

Now they were all standing in the room behind the ring, and Chakira and her
brother were set to fight just after Videl and Spopavitch. Unlike most of
the others, Chakira seemed to know exactly who Shin was, and didn’t appear
worried. She’d even passed Shin a roguish grin. Shin seemed to be mystified
about her casual attitude to him, and she’d also told Piccolo who Shin was.
When the fight with Krillin was over, and Videl was to go next, Chakira
stood in what seemed to be a ready position. The fight began and people saw
the strangeness of Spopavitch, and Chakira had turned away from the match,
her back facing the others, she seemed to be concentration more on a little
ball of energy in her hand. Videl seemed out of energy, but suddenly she
burst with it, her level went up and she was given an almost saiyan strength
and threw Spopavtitch out of the ring. She started to pant weakly and then
she regained her energy liked she’d taken a sensu bean. At the exact moment
the battle was over, the energy ball vanished from Chakira’s hand and she
turned around. Vageta glared at her, and she simply smirked and laughed at
him, which only made him madder.

“Calm down, Prince. I knew you were a hot head, but this really isn’t worth
stressing over.” Chakira said.

Goku looked at her curiously. She had dropped by on occasion to see him in
the other world, and he had thought she was dead just like him. Her twin
brother Ramira looked at her, as if telling her to wait until she revealed
everything, and Chakira nodded. Shin looked at her, and she passed her gaze
to him and smiled at him.

“Could we have Chakira and Ramira in the ring please!” Came the calling for
them, and the two went up, walking the exact same pace.

TO BE CONTINUED……..

WHAT WILL HAPPEN TO THE z FIGHTERS AND WHO IS THIS MYSTERIOUS CHAKIRA AND
HER BROTHER? IS SHE FRIEND OR FOE, AND WHY HAS SHE GOTTEN VAGETA SO ANGRY
WITH THE MENTION OF THE NAME, AND HOW IS IT THAT SHE KNOWS SO MUCH ABOUT THE
GANG. IN THE NEXT PART, YOU WILL FIND OUT EXACTLY WHO AND WHAT SHE IS AND
WHY SHE IS HERE, SO STAY TUNED FOR THE NEXT EPISODE OF DRAGONBALL Z!!!
(SORRY, I JUST COULDN’T RESIST DOING THAT!!!!)