				<Final Tenchi VIII>
Tenchi opened his eyes only to find Ryoko hovering over him 
again,"RYOKO!!!!!!How many times am I gonna have to tell you to stop 
doing that!?!?"With this Tenchi turns his face away and grabs Ryokos arm 
and almost throws her through the wall,but she phases through instead 
and comes back in with a hurt look on her face.

"You should learn to settle down ya'know!Jeez!"Just then there was a 
loud crash that was followed by gunfire,swords clashing,and other wierd 
sounds.Then they heard Washuu hollering and screaming for everybody to 
get out of the house.Tenchi jumped up and used his Jurai power to morph 
into a white warrior.

"Ryoko!Get outside!Now!!!"Tenchi then jumps out the window and is struck 
dumbfounded by the site.There was two huge hovering buildings waging war 
against each other and ramming into each other.

"Tenchiiiiii!!!Get down!They're going to crash into the 
house!!!"screamed Washuu,Aeka,Sasami,Mihoshi,Kyione, and Ryoko.

They then saw a big yellow slide thing shoot out one of the sides and 
two men and a flying thing came tumbling out then the two men started to 
fight each other in mid air while they almost got knocked off several 
times.Finally the man dressed in black,who also had a wierd looking 
sword strapped to his side kicked the other guy off and almost got 
knocked off himself when he almost slammed into the circling ring of one 
of the buildings then he flew over to a ledge that a girl was hanging on 
and saved her from a dreadful fall.By this time the buildings where 
very,VERY close.

"Tenchi,jump you idiot boy!!!"cried Yosho.So Tenchi turned towards them 
and jumped high into the air landing right in the middle of a circle the 
girls created trying to cushion him should he fall.As soon as Tenchi had 
jumped the two buildings slammed into the house and turned it into 
nothing but splinters.All of a sudden a bunch of blasts started coming 
towards Tenchi and the others,but Tenchi put up his light hawk wings and 
Aeka put up her shield.

"What the hell was that?!"Ryoko yelled, really pissed that all her stuff 
had been destroyed.

"It's what the humans call a Garden,a school to teach kids to fight 
using certain weapons and magic."Washuu explained in her most teacher 
like voice.

"Umm,Tenchi ,why don't you transform back now?"Yosho asked.

"BECAUSE I DON'T HAVE ANY CLOTHES ON UNDER THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!"Tenchi said 
with embarrassment and anger at what had just transpired.Ryoko and Aeka 
both looked at him very seductive like,but Tenchi just ignored them.He 
then started to chase after the two dissapearing,and 
warring,Gardens.Behind him came Ryoko followed by Aeka then 
Kyione,Mihoshi,Sasami,Washuu,Nobyuki,and Yosho.Tenchi jumped up and 
turned the light hawks into a hellicopter type device,grabbed the girls 
who couldn't get there on their own and lifted them to the top two at a 
time.Ryoko kept lookout up top just in case someone tried to attack the 
others.Aeka had her shield protect Ryoko,only because Tenchi told her 
to.

When they were all abaord they started off,fighting the people in blue 
unifroms and helmets,because these people started the attack and worked 
for an evil sorceress,according to Washuu.Ryoko was having the time of 
her life,blowing away people and everything.Then a big,three headed bug 
creature dived at Tenchi.Tenchi formed his light sword and sliced the 
creature in half.At this point five people fell from the evil Garden and 
landed in front of Tenchi and the gang.Surprisingly they all stood up 
with little damage.

The one Tenchi and the others saw fighting in the air and rescue the 
lady stood up looked around and said"Rinoa?Rinoa!RINOAAAAA!!!"

He then started running for the evil Garden when,in a giant flash,it 
dissapearred along with every blue uniformed 
soldier."NOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"the man said as he slammed his fist 
into the ground and stabbed his sword into a dead blue soldier.

"Squall,we'll get her back man,don't worry,"said a blond spikey haired 
guy with metalic gloves.

"Who are you guys?"the cowboy looking man said,addressing Tenchi and the 
gang.

"My names Tenchi,this is Ryoko,Princesses Aeka and Sasami,Gp's Kyione 
and Mihoshi,Grandpa Yosho,and my father Nobyuki.Who are you and what 
just happened?"Tenchi said to the other people now staring at them.

"We're not your enemys if thats what you want to know,but until we 
decide we can trust you,we're not going to tell you our names,"the lady 
with the whip addressed to them in an instructor type way.

The five people then got up and the one known as Squall walked slowly 
,while drawing his sword out of the dead man,and attacked Tenchi with 
such force everyone was surprised.Tenchi put his light hawk wings up and 
stopped the attack,Squall jumped back and in a raging voice 
yelled,"Why'd you take her?"

Tenchi looked at him puzzled and answered,"WE!didn't do anything.YOU ran 
into OUR house,turning it into a pile of splinters and rock."

They stared each other down for a while.Squall was the first to put his 
sword up and he looked very sad and angry,"I'm sorry about your house 
and attacking you like that,but we were fighting against a force that 
could very wwell destroy this world."

"Well that gives you no right to be an asshole!!!!"Ryoko yelled and 
started powering up a new attack she'd been dying to use that she 
learned from the dead warrior 
Goku."KAHHH.....MEEEE....HAAA...MEEE......HAAAAAAA!!!!"she screamed and 
threw a blinding blue light at Squall,but the blaze was averted when 
Tenchi suddenly appearred in front of the blast and knocked it out of 
orbit.

"WHAT THE?!?!?",Squall yelled bewildered,turned around and ran strait 
smack into Aeka,Kyione, and Mihoshi who had the most angry expression 
anyone had ever seen.Tenchi wasn't fast enought this time.Aeka kicked 
Squall in the face,Kyione punched him in the gut and Mihoshi grabbed him 
by the arm and flung him into the air.

Tenchi was fast enough to catch him though."What the hell are 
they?!?!?!?!?!"Tenchi looked at Squall and saw how badly those three 
attacks had hurt him.

"sigh'They are women from other planets that are deeply in love with me 
and anyone who hurts me,or tries to hurt me,ends up either dead or very 
damaged.Get my drift?"Squall nodded his head and catalogged that into 
the back of his mind.

Tenchi landed and set Squall beside him,he then ordered the girls not to 
harm any of Squalls team,or Squall."Now,what has just happened that we 
should know about?"Tenchi asked Squall,but Washuu answered instead.

"A being called Sorceress Edea has declared war on the planet and she is 
going to try and either destroy it or conquer it and torture the 
people.Now if we join forces with Squall we can defeat her."While Washuu 
started to explain her idea Aeka kept getting quieter and quieter and an 
evil expression slowly stretched across her face.

*Edea is here!I will finally get my oth......*Her thoughts were 
interupted by Tenchi grabbing her by the shoulder and repeating for the 
third time,"Aeka!Are you going to come or what!!"

She changed her expression really quick before Tenchi noticed and 
said,"Of course Lord Tenchi!!I'm coming!!"He looked doubtful at first 
and then turned and followed everyone else into the good Garden,slowly 
Aeka followed and started to chant something under her breath.As she 
walked by the spell she was working put a piece of info in everyones 
head that would make them her servants when she called.
To be continued.....

Stay tuned for the second part of <Final Tenchi VIII>
Ryoko,"Its totally surprising!!!!"
caution I do not own Tenchi or any of the charaters in this story,maybe 
a few I made up and thats it.They mostly belong to Aic and Pioneer.<I 
guess?!>
E-mail any comments<ANY>to:ruthe3000@yahoo,thank you all so kindly
