Freezer Muyo!

By Disgruntled Bubba

Bubba's Beef 3: Just Let Me Know When Your Tired of
Author's Notes

Hello again!  Going in for the third hit I see...
Careful now, these fanfics are habit forming.  ^_^
Anyway, welcome once again to Freezer Muyo!  I'm
thrilled you came back.  This should be the last
backstory fic in the series.  Keep an eye out for
everyone's favorite crab-haired wonder, Washu!  Yes, I
love Washu!  Almost as much as I love Ryoko, but
that's another hot, sweaty story.  Yes, thanks to
Washu, I found yet another way to boost my already
astronomical ego.
*Bubba doll 1*  You're the greatest, Bubba!
*Bubba doll 2*  Yeah!  This Author's note is the best
ever!
*Me*  Yes!  HAHAHAHAHAAAA!!!!  Anyway, let me get on
with the story before I scare all the DBZ fans that
had absolutely NO idea what that was all about.

Disclaimer:  DBZ and Tenchi aren't mine.  I'm making
no money off this fic.  PLEASE don't sue me, 'cause
I've finally managed to scrape up the money to get
that new CD I wanted.  I didn't invent all these
characters, only a couple of them.  Reader discretion
is advised due to strong language and gore.  ^_^  Once
again, if you don't enjoy this fic, you'll wake up
dead in the morning.  ^_^ !/

Episode Three: No Need for Plot Development!

The battle had gone badly for the Saiya-jins.  They
had underestimated the strength of their opponent.
Initial research had been hasty, driven by
anticipation and bloodlust.  This occurance was not
unheard of, but not common in the Saiya-jin's history.
 The inhabitants of Planet Hew-han were much stronger
than their stout appearance would lead you to believe.


The Saiya-jins had invaded the planet at dawn.  Brolly
lead the Fourth Class team in the battle.  It was
their first real battle as adults; their first suaree
into cohesive tactics and group battle.  It was
intended to simply be a training mission, just a
quick, routine planet purge where they could learn
from their mistakes.  It quickly became far from
routine.  The first few cities the Saiya-jins had
encountered were destroyed easilly, with very little
resistance.  It was around noon that things began to
go wrong.  First off, the Hew-hans deployed a quite
sizable military.  Their technology was not very
advanced, they still relyed on projectile weapons
driven by gunpowder, but they managed to slow the
Saiya-jins for a few hours.

After the military encounter, they began to have
serious problems.  They happened upon a few well
trained individuals that knew how to manipulate their
ki.  They were a remote cloister of monks that
numbered around fifty.  While no single monk was as
strong as the weaker of the Fourth Class Saiya-jins,
they were very well schooled in group tactics.  With
their superior numbers, the monks had managed to
effectively flank even Brolly.  The Saiya-jins were
forced to retreat into the mountains.  By dusk, ten of
the original dozen Fourth Classers were dead.  The
monks fought like a pack, cutting off and surrounding
the Saiya-jins one at the time.

It was now several hours into the night; pale
moonlight sifted through the trees, lighting the
Saiya-jin faces below.  Brolly and the two remaining
warriors looked haggered and torn.  Their clothing was
singed and worn; they bleed superficially about the
face and arms.  They were pinned down, and their
scouters had been destroyed.  No way out, no way to
track the monks movements, and no way to call for
reinforcements.

It was then, in those most desperate moments, that
hope was renewed.  It was then that the full moon rose
above the treetops.  That was the Saiya-jins' most
feared, and disbeleived, strength; they were
lycanthropic.  Upon seeing the light of the full moon
they will transform into ninety foot tall gorrillas.

Brolly could feel his blood surge as he gazed on the
newly visible orb.  The power surged in the
Saiya-jins' as their faces twisted into savage
grimaces, caused by the odd mixture of bloodthirsty
pleasure and painful transmutation.  Their primative
armored mantles stretched, strained and ripped as
their physical mass grew exponentially.  They threw
their heads back as their eyes rolled back in their
heads; their open mouths revealed teeth that extended
into viscous fangs.  Their naked bodies doubled over
and grew both in hair and size until the
transformation was complete.  The three Oozaru
Saiya-jins roared as their shadows covered the
tree-tops.

Brolly lowered his mammoth head as he gained control
of the rage boiling in his blood.  That was the one
problem with going oozaru, the transformation not only
boosted your strength, but your anger and violent
instincts as well.  Most lower class warriors lacked
the willpower to control the animalistic urges of
their oozaru form.  Such Saiya-jins simply became
wild, viscious, undiscriminatory killing machines that
would even turn on their friends and family if they
were close enough.

He looked around, surveying the scene from this new
perspective.  One of the fourth classers was doing the
same as him.  Their red eyes met and the soldier
regarded Brolly with a nod, affirming that he had
control of himself.  The other soldier conversely
continued roaring.  He thrashed about wildly, stomping
his feet and pounding his chest.  His mouth spit huge
energy blasts in random directions between roars.  He
had lost control, he was all animal now.

The monks decided to capitolize on the situation.  Ki
blasts flew through the air and barraged the raging
ape.  The energy struck the Saiya-jin's chest, burning
into his flesh.  Within thirty seconds, the monks'
attack had torn his chest away, and he fell backwards
as his newly exposed heart stopped beating.

"Kuso!"  Brolly swore, stamping a giant foot on the
monks' hiding place, only to have them scatter between
his toes and flee for a new ambush spot.

He turned to the remaining warrior, "Follow them!
Don't let them hide again!  I'm not going to die on
this pathetic mudball!"

"Hai," the fourth classer replied, as he began to
chase the fleeing monks, stomping the forest down to
eliminate their cover.

"Damn it," Brolly thought, "There has to be some way
out of this.  These bastards are too strong...  If
they can take out a fourth class oozaru that quickly,
they'll be able to wear me down before I can get back
to my pod.  The only hope is to keep this other baka
alive long enough to watch my back.  If we can last
until morning, then we might be able to get off this
planet."

"General Brolly!" called the remaining Saiya-jin, "We
have a problem..."

"Baka!!"  Brolly roared, "You better not have fucked
up and let them get away!"

"I'm sorry, sir," he stammered, "But they got into
these caves in the mountains and I can't see them any
more... They obviously knew where they were going."

"Shut up!" Brolly raged, "If I didn't need you alive
to get off this planet I'd..."

Brolly was cut off then as his underling's blood
splattered onto Brolly's face.  The underling had a
look of sheer surprise frozen onto his face and his
eyes blanched to a sallow shade.  His ape-like hands
reached up and chenched the sharpened tree trunk that
now potruded from his chest, impaling him from behind.
 As he sank to his knees and fell forward, Brolly
could see the monks quickly reloading the ballista
that hey had retreived from the cave.

Brolly's mind blanked.  Rage flooded in and swept away
all logic and strategy.  He was going to die.  He was
going to die alone and haggared, on the run from some
cowardly monks, with no one to witness his shameful
end.  He couldn't allow this to happen.  He was a
Saiya-jin.  Saiya-jins die in a blaze of glory, not
impaled on a tree on some backwater planet.

Adrenaline swept through his veins, feuling his loss
of reason.  The rage over his lost dignity possesed
his mind.  And like a true Saiya-jin, his subconscious
chose fight over flight.

He threw his head back and roared, his ki rose
exponentially, far beyond anything he had ever
expirenced.  The ground quaked and the mountains
crumbled as Brolly was surounded by a golden flaming
aura.  In his rage, he lost control of this unchecked
new power and it continued to skyrocket until he lost
all hope of ever stopping the surge.  The forest burst
into flame around him as every hair on his body stood
on end and began to flicker and glow.  He threw his
head back, and in a final burst of energy, all his
hair changed color to a glowing, golden blonde.

"KUUUSSOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!" He screamed, as the power
surged out of control, and the planet continued to
crumble around him.  With that final burst of power
Brolly, the planet, and all it's inhabitants exploded
and were no more.  The only remnant of the planet were
small charred peices of debris.

##########

The moniter of the phantasmal keyboard flickered and
beeped as it displayed the huge surge of destructive
energy.  The keyboard's manipulator gasped then
smirked.

"Fascinating," she laughed, brushing a strand of red
hair behind her ear.

She stretched and yawned, sleepily, then stood up,
stretched again.

"Time for some sleep," she announced, "I'll finish
analyzing the data in the morning.  Five sleepless
nights are enough for me."

With that, the greatest scientific mind in the
universe retired for bath and bed.

##########

Azusa watched Earth spin below his ship.  It was a
beautiful sight from this height, it's inhabitants had
not yet descovered the industrial technology that
polluted most planets similar to it.  It was a quaint,
relaxing place; the thoughts of Saiya-jins had been
purged from his mind for the duration of the trip.
That fact, of course, was mostly due to a single
inhabitant of the planet.  He smiled.  He was glad she
had decided to come with him; he really didn't want to
have to choose between his love and his people.

"I'm still not used to seeing my home this way," came
an even, feminine voice from behind him.

Azusa turned and said warmly, "Lady Funaho, I didn't
know you had come in."

She smiled demurely and replied, "You looked so
peaceful that I didn't want to disturb you."

She walked over to him rested a hand and her head on
his shoulder as they continued to gaze upon the planet
below.

"You know we won't be able to do this as often once we
get to Jurai," Azusa said, the disappointment evident
in his voice, "Public displays of affection are
frowned upon there...  Besides, we might make Misaki
upset."

"She's your fiancee, right?"

"Yes."

"So, which one of us will be the legal wife, and which
will be your concubine?"

Azusa was taken aback for a moment, then remembered
himself, "We don't call it as such on Jurai.  Both of
you would be considered legal wives.  Polygamy is not
common among my people, but a prince or emporer is
allowed to take multiple wives, should politics demand
it.  We're lucky that way; if you were Jurian, we
probably couldn't be wed."

"I see," Funaho said quietly.  After a pause, she
asked, "Do you love her?"

"Misaki?  Yes, I do love her.  But not like you,
you're different.  Misaki and I have been betrothed
since we were very young.  The union is to unite our
two houses and preserve Jurai's future.  We grew up
together knowing that we would someday be wed.  I've
known her my whole life... I was raised to love her."

"I understand."

"Really?" Azusa asked.

"Hai.  I'm actually looking foreward to meeting her.
I think we'll get along," Funaho smiled.

"That's good," Azusa said, "We'll be leaving for Jurai
soon."

##########

King Vegetta watched with pleasure as his son crippled
his sparring instructor. If the boy kept improving
like this, his power would surpass the king's.  As the
instructor was carted off to the regeneration tanks in
the palace medical bay, the young prince approached
his father.

"That was good work, Vegetta," the King said, "Your
form has greatly improved.  You still need work,
though.  The instructor almost got you by the tail."

"And the baka paid for it too," the young Prince
Vegetta said, his tail still briskly swishing behind
him.

King Vegetta stood and began walking to the throne
room, calling behind him, "That's my boy."

The Prince smirked then noticed how his father kept
his tail wrapped neatly around his waist.  The
Prince's own brown furry tail wrapped itself around
his waist as he caught up with his father.

"Ne, Papa," Prince Vegetta said falling in step with
the King, "When do I get to spar with an elite?  I'm
tired of these weak instructors."

The King spoke, "You may begin sparring with General
Brolly as soon as he gets back from Planet Hew-han.
This means you'll get to come with me when Brolly and
I go on missions."

"Really?!?" The Prince shouted, as the pair of
Vegettas entered the throne room, "Does that mean I'll
get to spar with you soon?"

"As soon as you can defeat Brolly," Vegetta said,
flopping down in the throne.

Just then, the door burst open and a messenger
entered.

"King Vegetta!" he said, "We've just recieved word
that Planet Hew-han has been destroyed!  Everyone one
the planet was killed, including General Brolly."

"Are you certain he's dead?  Were there any witnesses
to the planet's destruction?"

"Just one," the messenger replied, "Some woman from
the Galatic Science Academy.  She says she was
monitering the whole thing.  Appearently, Brolly went
into his oozaru form, but was still not powerful
enough to overcome his attackers, so he transformed
again.  His ki grew out of control and his hair turned
blonde.  He lost control of the power and blew up,
taking the planet with him.  The scientist is calling
the new transformation 'Super Saiya-jin'."

"'Super Saiya-jin'," King Vegetta spoke thoughtfully,
"This could be just the new strength we've been
waiting for, but we need time to rediscover it.  Send
word to Jurai.  Tell them that I am willing to ally
our empires, and, should they decline my offer, then
there will never be peace and shelter from the wrath
of the Super Saiya-jins."

"Hai!" the messenger barked, exiting the room.

"Are we really going to war with Jurai, Papa?" Prince
Vegetta asked, once they were alone.

"I doubt it, son," Vegetta said, "The Jurians are too
chicken-shit to call my bluff.  They love peace too
much.  They will accept my offer and we will gain
strong allies.  Perhaps they have a warrior that will
be challenging enough to make me a Super Saiya-jin."

"Can we become Super Saiya-jins, Papa?  It might have
been a special technique that Brolly invented... Like
his Sun Crusher attack."

The King snorted, "We are related to Brolly by blood,
Vegetta.  And we're royalty.  Anything that Brolly
could accomplish, we can do better.  It shall be the
utmost goal of the Saiya-jin kings to become Super
Saiya-jins.  From now on, we shall not rest until a
Vegetta becomes a Super Saiya-jin."

##########

And such was the way of things for quite some time.
Azusa did accept Vegetta's offer, thanks to the
pressure from Funaho and the Council of Jurai.  Such
was the birth of an alliance that would change the
fate of the universe.  At first, the alliance was
maintained only by the fear of the destructive power
of the Super Saiya-jin, a fear that was felt by both
the Jurains and Saiya-jins alike; what good is an
ultimate power if you die when you use it.  As time
passed and knowledge was exchanged, that fear
developed into tolerance, and, eventually, a grudging
respect.  This is not to say the process was without
incident, in fact, it was one of the most shakey
alliances in history.  There was many a time when the
Galaxy Police had to become an arbiter between the
empires.  In fact, the GP had to expand its original
charter to create a division of officers whose sole
purpose was to mediate the two.

Many things were learned over this passage of time as
well.  The Jurians learned of ki and many other
Saiya-jin tricks and techniques.  The Saiya-jins
learned about the species of Jurian trees that shared
a symbiotic relationship with the Jurian people.  The
relationship that allowed both Jurian species to
traverse and conquer the stars.  This exchange of
knowledge and technique helped solidify the bond
between the allies.

Of course, these were not the only important events to
occur in this period.  Shortly after the alliance was
formed, Azusa wed both Funaho and Misaki; the former
bore him his fist child and son, Yosho, while Misaki
gave birth to two daughters, Aeka and Sasami.  For the
Saiya-jins, though, change was more frequent.  The
Life Water that extends the Jurian lifespan proved to
be incompatable with the Saiya-jin genetic code,
leaving them to their natural lifespan.  Neither King
nor Prince Vegetta acheived the feat of Super
Saiya-jin in their lifetime, but that didn't stop
their progeny from trying.  Each Saiya-jin king from
thence forth, all named Vegetta in honor of their
homeworld, followed the decree of Brolly's cousin, and
sought to posses the Super Saiya-jin power.  None of
them succeded.  This doesn't mean they remained the
same strength, in fact, their strength grew through
the generations to the point where the new rank of
Super Elite had to be added Saiya-jin ranking system.
Generation after generation passed in the blink of a
Jurian eye until the coming of Freezer.

Freezer was the first entity that actually challenged
both Empires, requiring them to work as one.  His
power was enormous; it was rumored that his personal
power level was nearly one million.  Freezer was a
planet broker.  His troops purged all life from the
planets they encountered and kept the ones they
wanted.  The rest they sold to the highest bidder.
Only his ruthlessness was more fearsome than his
power.

##########

It was dawn on Planet Vegetta.  The golden fire on the
horizon cast a warm gleam on a warrior's face.  Today
was the day.  The current Saiya-jin king was the
ninetenth Vegetta to rule since the alliance between
Jurai began, but today it could all end.  The warrior
pondered these things; his mind rolled over the
visions that had come to him the same way his fingers
rolled over his headband, stained crimson with the
blood of his comerades.

He wondered if he was right.  Were the visions true?
Would they really come to pass, or were they just the
tricks of some crazy bastard who knew he was going to
die?  Was it right for him to send his second son,
still an infant, to that backwater planet without a
parent or brother to guide him?  What would become of
young Kakarotto?

##########

Ok there it is  ^_^  Now I know we didn't get any
Kagato like I promised this fic, but it didnt' fit.
We did get some Washu and Funaho though... The
diligent DBZ fans prolly enjoyed the unscheduled
appearance of Bardok, though, so everything nets out
^_^  !/
Stay tuned for the next installment of Freezer Muyo!,
No Need for Son Goku!  It will show us what happens to
the original Dragonball series when Lord Kasuhito gets
thrown in the mix.  It's gonna rock!
*Bubba Doll 1*  Yeah!  Your writting is always great,
Bubba!
*Bubba Doll 2*  Yup, you're the best writer in history
Bubba!
*Me*  HAHAHAHAAAA!!!!  Yes!  See ya next Ep!  ^_^  !/

Oh yeah, send comments and criticism to celtic_wolfman_42@yahoo.com