Freezer Muyo!

By Disgruntled Bubba

Bubba's Beef 2: Yet Another Author's Note
Oh my God!  You're reading my next Episode!  This
rocks!  You like me, you really like me...  *sniff
sniff*  ROFL  Alright, enough of this shit... I need
to stop before someone hurts me.  Welcome back!  I'm
happy to anounce that this Author's note will be MUCH
shorter than the last one. [Insert roaring applause
from the last Metallica concert here]  If you REALLY
want to read the cannon facts again, then click the
magic back button and read them from the first fic,
cause I ain't typin 'em again!  A word of warning to
all the purists, Azusa will loose his temper and
possibly act juvinile in this episode.  (Not unlike a
certian purple haired child of his, AHEM, anyway)  I
attribute this to his youth and general inexpirence as
an emporer, but dont worry, he'll become more and more
like the OVA Azusa we know and love as time passes.
Anyway, enjoy the Second installment of Freezer Muyo!

Disclaimer:  I don't own Tenchi Muyo! or Dragonball Z,
but I do love them to death.  I didn't invent most of
the charecters in this fic, just a couple of them.  I
didn't ask for permission to use these series I just
did, but it's all good cause I ain't makin any money
off of this fic either.  If the people who do own
Tenchi and DBZ decide to sue me, I'll have to pay them
in toenail clippings because I don't have any money,
liquid assets, or drugs that they'd be interested in.
Once again, reader discretion is advised due to strong
language and possiblity of gore.  As always, Death is
the alternative to enjoying this Fanfic.  ^_^  !/

Episode Two:  No Need for Battle!

Two Huge ships orbited the Planet Kiruu, neither of
which belonged to the natives of said planet.  One of
the ships was a crimson steel shark, with the
predatorial desire to devour the world; the other a
living wooden galleon, with the nurturing desire to
invite the planet to seek refuge in it's limbs.
Conflict was inevitable.

##########

On the Planet's surface, King Vegetta found himself
standing before a hastily assembeled Planetary
Council.  The nervousness that had been worn on the
Council Members' faces on Vegetta's previous visit was
replaced with looks of abject terror.  The Council
Members had complete faith in the belief that none of
them were likely to survive this meeting.

And Vegetta loved every moment of it.  The stench of
fear permiated the room;  he could literally smell it.
 Saiya-jin noses were very sensitive, especially when
it came to pheremones.  Vegetta inhaled deeply,
savoring the thrilling aroma... envying the adreneline
that must be coursing through the council's veins.  He
almost hoped that they would turn down the position of
Territory World... that way Vegetta would get to revel
in the thrill of the slaughter as he exterminated
every life on Kiruu.

One of the Council Members stepped up to the podium
that had once been manned by the late Council Leader.
The podium still stank of blood as the afternoon sun
heated the room from the giant hole in the wall behind
the assembly.

The Councilman spoke, his voice cracking, "King
Vegetta, I must say, we were surprised by your speedy
return.  We hadn't expected you for another..."

"Stuff it frog-man," Vegetta interupted, "I got back
to my ship and decided that you really don't need a
full hour to decide whether you want live or die.  You
see, you either accept the position of Territory
World, or I personally extinguish the lives of
everyone on this entire planet."

The Council murmered to themselves before the
Councilman said, "We, the Planetary Council of Kiruu,
do hereby accept the position of Territory World in
the Saiya-jin Empire"

Vegetta smirked, "There now, wasn't that easy."

He tapped a button on his scouter before continuing,
"Brolly, dispatch twenty fourth class warriors to
protect our new planet, tell them to bring some
communications equipment and a regeneration tank too.
Instruct all Battleships in the fleet to come by this
planet to pick up repair crews."

As Vegetta turneed to leave, the Councilman spoke up,
"Th-that's it?"

Vegetta's feet lifted off the ground as he began to
hover on his ki, "Yes, that's it."

"But there's no paperwork, no review of lawcodes, no
division of lands, no..."

"Bah!" Vegetta snorted, "We Saiya-jins have no use for
such trivialities.  You may keep your laws and
assemble as you wish, but your local government must
report to and obey me."

"But what if a Saiya-jin breaks one of our laws?"

"Then you report him to his commanding officer,"
Vegetta sighed, becoming aggrivated with this silly
conversation.

"But what if he's not in the military?"

"Baka yarou," Vegetta laughed, "There's no such thing
as a civilian Saiya-jin."

With that Vegetta flew out of the hole in the chamber
wall.

##########

"King Azusa," Yosuki spoke, "The Saiya-jin ship has
began launching projectiles at Planet Kiruu."

"Nani?!" Azusa questioned, his mind racing, "Show me."

The holoscreen appeared showing a storm of white and
green pods raining down from the underbelly of the
ship.  At the same time, a small crimson ship exited
the stern of the Battleship and began to streak down
the same path as the pods.  Then just as suddenly as
it started, the barrage stopped.

"How many objects were launched?" Azusa queried, the
worry evident in his voice.

"Twenty of the spherical pods and one oblong craft
were sent to the surface," Hiroe answered stoically.

Azusa watched the holoscreen as several impact craters
formed at the pods' landing site.

"Begin a transmission to the Saiya-jin ship."

"Channel open, sire," Yosuki answered.

Once again, King Vegetta's image filled the
holoscreen.

"What do you want, Baka-sama?" Vegatta said with a
hint of frustration in his voice.

"I demand to know the meaning behind your assault on
the Planet Kiruu!  What were those objects you fired
to the surface!" Azusa said, unable to keep the anger
from his voice.

"Baka..." Vegetta chuckled, "There was no assault.  I
simply sent some troops to the surface."

"You DARE invade a..."

"It wasn't an invasion," Vegetta said exasperated, "It
was a garrison.  After all, this planet is now a
territory of the Saiya-jin Empire."

"Impossible!" Azusa raged, "I happen to know that the
Planet Kiruu is not aligned with any political
organization!  The greatest diplomats and researchers
of the Jurian Empire garuntee that Kiruu is just
perfect for me to invite into the Empire!  Real kings
don't rush off on diplomatis missions unprepared!"

Vegetta smirked, "Well, I guess you got here a little
too late then.  They just aligned with me about twenty
minutes ago."

"What!  If you think that I'm going to allow you to
just come along and threaten Jurian border planets
into joining you common marauders you're sadly
mistaken!"

"Baka yarou!  I shall take whatever planets I want,
and you're not one to stop me!"  Vegetta yelled.

"Pirate!" Azusa exploded, "I shall stop your advance
on Jurai here and now!  Yosuki!  Hiroe!  Open fire!"

The holoscreen flickered off as hundreds of
antenna-like cannons telescoped out of the Tree-ship's
wodden hull.  They glowed slightly before discharging
thousands of thin electric blue streaks of energy.
The barrage of cannon fire streaked across the void
between the two ships, brightly lighting the space
therein before colliding with the crimson Saiya-jin
hull.  The shark-like ship rocked under the impact of
the Jurian barrage; yellow explosions laced with grey
smoke erupted in a few areas, leaving black scorch
marks on the durable hull.

##########

"Damn it!!" Brolly roared as the bridge of the ship
rocked, causing him to loose his footing.

"Brolly!" Vegetta ordered, "Get yourself and your men
to the deployment hatches!  Helm, get us into Kiruu's
upper atmosphere and prepare to deploy!"

"Kuso," Brolly thought to himself as he flew out of
the bridge, floating on his ki, "I told you to be
carefull...  I just hope we get out of this one.
That's a powerfull ship firing on us."

##########

Onboard the Tree-ship, Hiroe reported, "The Saiya-jin
ship is showing moderate hull damage.  It is
exceptionally durable."

"Sire," Yosuki interjected, "The Saiya-jin ship is
shifting positions.  They have entered Kiruu's
atmosphere and stopped."

"Show me," Azusa said, his brash confidence showing in
his voice.

When the holoscreen sprang to life, he saw the large
ship ablaze in the glow of friction caused by entry
into the planet's atmosphere.  The glow faded as it
lowed to a stop and held it's position.  Shortly
thereafter, a few more explosions resounded on the
Saiya-jin hull as the Tree-ship repositioned itself
and resumed fire.

"What are they doing," Azusa thought to himself, "If
they were going to flee into the atmosphere why would
they stop there?"

Just then three of the small hatches on the Saiya-jin
ship opened.

##########

Brolly and his twelve troops winced into the searing
heat that radiated off the ships hull as they were
swept into the atmosphere by the depressurization of
the deployment hatch.  There was a stark contrast
between the intense heat of the ship's friction burned
hull and the cold upper atmosphere; the thin air would
have caused a human to asphixiate, but it provide the
saiya-ins with just enough oxygen to function.  They
let the depressurization blast sweep them a safe
distance from the ship until they all simultaneously
stopped and hovered on their ki.

Blue cannon fire rained down around the thirteen
troops before it bit into the ships hull.  Now finding
themselves caught in the crossfire, the Saiya-jins
nimbly dodged the electric onslaught.

All of them, except for Brolly, that is.  He veered
into the path of an oncoming energy bolt; steadfastly
fixing himself between the blast and it's intended
target.  His brow furrowed in concentration as the
blast drew nearer and nearer.  Just as it was about to
strike him, Brolly roared aloud, erecting a yellow
force barrier with his ki.  The blast struck the
barrier with an electric crackle and spent itself
before Brolly lowered the sheild.

He smiled a bloodthirsty smile when he judged the
strength of the cannon fire.  He had easily blocked
the salvo with his ki, and his men were warriors of
the First Class... They would have no trouble blocking
the discharges, especially between the twelve of them.

"Form up!  Ki sheilds!" he barked at the troops as he
flew several yards ahead of them.

The twelve warriors spaced themselves an summoned
their ki sheilds; the cannon fire fizzled against
their collectively massive sheild.  Brolly held his
hands before him and began to concentrate, gathering
ki between his now glowing appendages.

##########

"What happened!!" Azusa demanded.

Yosuki replied, "The Saiya-jins appear to have
deployed a series of forcefeild generators."

"Actually," Hiroe ammended, "They have deployed a few
troops who seem to be generating the sheilds
themselves."

"NANI!?!?  Show me!" Azusa ordered.

The holoscreen flicked on once again, zooming in on
the small specs generating a sheild for the Saiya-jin
ship.  As the image panned closer still, it became
clear that it was, indeed, living, breathing, flying
Saiya-jins that were inexplicably generateing a sheild
strong enough to stop the Tree-ship's cannons.

"Impossible..." Azusa whispered.

This was impossible.  He had heard the Saiya-jins'
reputation being whispered among the commoners of
Jurai, but he had suspected that their strength was
exagerated by rumor.  He was very wrong.  Still, he
could hardly believe the image on the holoscreen.
Their obvious ability to fly was unnerving enough, but
that at least was not unheard of.  It was the rest
that left him flabbergasted.  The sheer stamina
required to survive in a near-vaccume was impressive,
but the most astounding thing was their ability to
block the entire barrage from his ship.  He could
barely manifest the Lighthawk Wings, which was a rare
feat indeed; but they could do this?!  He silently
prayed that not all Saiya-jins were this strong.

"Sire," Yosuki called, "One of the Saiya-jins has
begun to glow.  I am detecting a great deal of energy
pooling around him."

Azusa saw a yellow energy flame crackling around the
largest of the Saiya-jins.

"Shimata..."

##########

The ki flame crackled and swirled around Brolly in
it's usual familiar manner.  The energy of it coursed
through him, stimulating every nerve in his body.  The
glow of the gathered ki between his hands intensified
as it approached his personal maximum.  He had pushed
his power level to it's highest... 5,000.

The ki ball in his hands reached full size, and he
thrusted it foreward, roaring, "SUN CRUSHER!!!"

The huge sphere of ki surged foreward and blinding
speed, headed straight for the Jurian ship.

Brolly's Sun Crusher technique was dreaded and
respected on every planet the Saiya-jins had made
themselves known.  It was his most powerful signature
move.  Any warrior that found themselves on the
recieving end of a Sun Crusher in hand to hand combat
painfully met with certian death.

The Sun Crusher swiftly closed in and impacted the
Jurian ship.  The ship rocked in the grips of an
explosion that was visible from the planet's surface.
Smoke billowed amongst the red glow of impact until
only the smoke remained, hiding any evidence to prove
or disprove the ships destruction.  Several minutes
passed in silent anticipation until the charred prow
of the Tree-ship parted the smoke and dust.  The ship,
while visibly damaged, regally cruised forth from the
cloud.  Then it stopped momentarily, like a soldier
silently regarding his foe, then came about and sped
off toward Jurai.

Brolly spoke into his scouter, "Shall we pursue them,
Vegetta?"

"No," Vegetta's voice came back in the scouter's
earpiece, "He managed to thoroughly damage our
engines.  We'll need to land the ship for repairs.
It's time for the frogs to earn their keep."

##########

"The forcefeild is sucessfully closed the hull
breech," Yosuki reported.

"Good," Azusa mourned, "How big is the hole?"

"The opening in the hull is roughly circular with a
diameter around two meters," Hiroe stated.

"My scans show that the Saiya-jin ship is not
pursuing, Sire.  Shall I take us to the nearest
spaceport for repairs?"

"No," Azusa demanded firmly, "Take us straight to
Jurai; contact the Council, as well.  I want them
assembled upon my arrival.  These Saiya-jin pirates
will pay for this grevious offense."

##########

Months passed without major event for Jurai and the
Saiya-jins.  Azusa spent most of that time on Jurai,
brooding.  He unendingly dwelt on his defeat at the
hands of the Saiya-jins.  He had never lost a battle,
or many other contests for that matter, to anyone...
except his father.  His father was a extrordinarilly
strong person.  Azusa's father was a excelent
strategist and a masterful fighter.  Plus, he knew
just how to push Azusa's buttons and make him fly off
the handle.  Quite like Vegetta did.

Azusa found that thought exceptionally disturbing.
Why did he think of such a thing?  What could possibly
posses him to compair that monkey-tailed ruffian to
his father?  Was it the confidense that they both
carried themselves with?  Perhaps it was the way they
ignored the traditional titles of royalty when they
opposed him.

Azusa could clearly remember his father's quips.  It
wasn't that they were viscious or exceptionally
mocking...  It was just that they were spoken in such
a bitingly casual manner.  Azusa had always clung to
the rules harder than his siblings, embracing
tradition with even less question than most Jurians.
They were his pillar of strength, but his father was
always so bloody casual in training.  The only
tradition he didn't abandon when they sparred was the
Jurian fighting style.

Maybe it was the Saiya-jin King's casualness and
rejection of proper tradition that had unnerved Azusa.
 Maybe that's what caused him to lose his
concentration and, accordingly, the battle.  Or was he
just being careless?

Azusa flopped into the opulent chair in his sitting
chamber, massaging his temples.  His head hurt from
thinking on it.  Of course, the two hours he just
spent arguing with the Commerce Commision didn't help.

"Why did it happen?" Azusa questioned himself.

"Why did what happen, Sire?" Hiroe responded.

Azusa weakly smiled as he looked up at the Gaurdian,
lifting his head from his hands.  He took in the sight
of his life long companion.  The tall, cylindrical
wooden demi-being stood in silence waiting for an
answer.  The familiarity of the large, blue engraving
in his surface was slightly comforting to Azusa.

"Nevermind, Hiroe, I simply have a headache."

"I'm sorry, Sire.  Shall I call a medic for you?"

"No, no," Azusa chuckled, "The meeting of the Commerce
Council was just a little... frustrating."

"I see," Hiroe stated, rotating his side toward the
King, "I imagine that I would have a headache as well
if I had a head."

Azusa smiled and resumed stroking his temples, "I
think I just need a little time alone."

"As you wish, Sire," Hiroe said before floating out of
the chamber.

Azusa's thoughts strayed back to the time directly
after his battle with the Saiya-jin.  He remembered
zealously addressing the council of his people, ready
to lead the military off in a grand war against the
malicious Saiya-jin threat.  He remembered every word
of his speech.  He remembered how every word flowed
from his heart, reinforcing his wounded pride.  He
would have his revenge for this transgretion.

Unfortunantly the Council didn't see it his way.  They
studied the damage done to his ship with the single
blast one of the Saiya-jins had fired, and dwelt on
the fact that the Saiya-jin warriors could block the
fire of Azusa's Tree-ship.  They had decided that if a
mere thirteen Saiya-jins could inflict that kind of
damage, then it would be more prudent to learn more
about the menace before facing them in combat.

And thus, a handfull of Jurai's most skilled knights,
with the help of the fledgeling Galaxy Police
organization, had begun it's observation of the
Saiya-jin Empire.  The first reports to come in were
mere statistics: the number of affiliated worlds,
number of soldiers, fleet sizes, estimated rate of
Imperial growth and the like.  Simple, cold facts.
Blood chillingly cold.

As more facts came in, the more reluctant the council
became when it came to declaring open hostilities.  It
was extremely frustrating to put aside his personal
desires for the good of the Empire, but it was
necessary.  Tradition dictated it.  That's what he
kept repeating in his head.  But lately, those words
carried less and less weight.

"Sire," Yosuki's voice cut through his reverie, "Lady
Misaki is here to see you."

"Thank you, Yosuki," Misaki bubbled, smiling, "You may
leave us now."

Yosuki replied, "I'm sorry, Lady Misaki, but since my
counterpart is no longer present I must stay with the
Emporer unless he orders me otherwise."

Misaki's cheery countenance suddenly shifted into a
viscous, almost predatory scowl.  Her eyes became
blank and angled; her mouth turned down into a
disapproving frown... it almost looked as if she would
grow fangs.  She fixed this cold stare unswervingly on
the log-like Gaurdian.

A giant blue sweat drop slid down Yosuki's cylindrical
back.

Azusa quickly spoke up, "It's alright, Yosuki, do as
she says."

Misaki smiled as the Gaurdian floated out of the
chamber, and cocked her head to the side with a slight
giggle.

"It is good to see you again, Lady Misaki," Azusa
said, a little distantly, "How have you been?"

Misaki fixed Azusa with a scowl even more viscious
than the one she had used on the Gaurdian.  She
stared, not speaking, until he noticed the silence and
turned to meet her tempestuous gaze.

A look of surprise and concern lept onto Azusa's face,
"Ermm, Lady Misaki... to request such flagrant and
public displays affection is..."

Still scowling, she slowly spoke, "But we are alone...
and betrothed."

"But Lady Misaki, it's not proper for..."

Her scowl became more feral and her left eyebrow began
to twitch, "Is a simple hug that difficult?"

"Errmm..." Azusa stuttered, then added, almost
questioningly, "I have a headache?"

Azusa remembered the first time that Misaki had told
him what she expected of her future husband.  It was
some two hundred years ago, when they were barely
adolescsnts.  It was hard to believe that she clinged
to those romantic school girl notions.  It was
completely improper for her to expect him to run and
embrace her spouting off avouchments of love whenever
he saw her.  Emotional outbursts such as that were
strictly taboo, especially in the royal court.  As the
Emporer, he had to be level in emotion as to set a
good example for his people.

Upon Azusa's pronouncement of malady, Misaki's
countenance immediatly shifted to one of doe-eyed
sympathy.  Misaki's mood swings were unmatched in the
known, non-blonde universe.

"You poor dear!" Misaki crooned sympathetically, "I'm
sorry I was so hard on you.  Let me give you a
shoulder rub and make it better!"

Azusa breathed to object, but before the words could
come, Misaki had plopped him into a chair and began to
deftly massage his weary shoulders.

Her strong yet ladylike fingers worked his tense
muscle as she cried, "Ooooh, it was so selfish of me
to think only of myself that way.  I should have known
you were ill to not want to embrace your betrothed."

A sweat drop ran down Azusa's face, nervously.

"I should have remembered that you were under stress
from the Saiya-jin situation," She continued from her
own little world, not noticing the sudden surge of
tenseness in his muscles, "You know, if you're really
that tense maybe you should take a little vacation...
I heard of this new peaceful little planet that our
scouts found not too far from Jurai's border.  It's
really quaint, but one of the planet's tribes speaks a
language remarkably similar to Jurian..."

Azusa's face brightened, "Misaki that's it!"

He bolted up from his chair excited, "You're right,
Lady Misaki.  I do need a vacation.  I will go to this
planet and clear my mind... think of some way to crush
those Saiya-jins.  And I can just tell the council
that I'm investigating the planet!"

Misaki's face filled with joy, "I'm so happy!  You're
actually going to take me on a romantic vacation!"

Azusa face-faulted.

##########

Well there it is, Part two.  How'd ya like it?  As
usual, feedback and CONSTRUCTIVE criticism is welcome.
 Send it to celtic_wolfman_42@yahoo.com  Watch out for
my next epp, No Need for Plot Development.  It should,
hopefuly, be the last backstory episode.  If it is
then we'll get on to all the charecters we know and
love...  like Ryoko, and Vegetta.  (And to help out
all the Tenchi fans who aren't DBZ fans, YES, there is
more than one Vegetta)  Next Ep!  Brolly will discover
a planet-shattering new power that will change the
history of the Universe.  Azusa's vacation to Earth
will turn up a startling surprise for Jurai... He
comes back with a wife!  That's right!  Don't miss the
debut of Lady Funaho and (hopefully, keep your fingers
crossed) Yosho!  If everything goes as planned, then
we'll even see a little bit of the dread Kagato and
the Universe's most feared hermaphrodyte, Freezer!
(And to all the DBZ fans that aren't Tenchi fans, and
don't know that 'Freezer Muyo' means 'No need for
Freezer', YES, I do DESPISE Freezer)

BTW:  I hope you all enjoyed the little mention of the
Galaxy Police in this Epp.  I hadn't planned to bring
them in this early, but I thought it added some
flavor.  Unfortunantly, the GP won't be back for a few
more fics now, but I'm gonna go ahead and take a poll
while we're on the subject.  As you remember from my
first Author's Note, this ficseries takes place in the
OVA continuity; however, I was thinking of violating
the continuity a little.  In case you haven't guessed
this rambling IS going somewhere... straight to one
person in fact.  That person is Kiyone.  Now I like
Kiyone.  She's a good charecter and a perfect, yet
tragic, foil for Mihoshi.  The problem is, Kiyone
isn't in the OVA, so it's up to all you Kiyone fans
out there to email me and convince me to put her in
the series.  Bear in mind that this is the very FIRST
time I've cared what other people thought, and that's
a hard thing for me to do; ergo, I'm gonna need a lot
of convincing.  There it is Kiyone fans, convince me!
Hop to it!  Quit wasting time!  LMAO