Freezer Muyo!

By Disgruntled Bubba

Bubba's Beef 4:  Deja vu, The Feeling You've Read an
Author's Note Before...
I'm BAAAAaaaak!  Welcome to the fourth installment of
Freezer Muyo!  My personal favorite fanfic series, but
then again, I may be biased.  The purpose of this
chapter is to get us through the Original Dragonball
series, you know, back when Goku was just a Chibi  ^_^
 There won't be a lot of Tenchi material in this one,
but it's Guaranteed to have Lord Kasuhito in it, and,
in a barely noticible cameo, Ryoko!  Yes Ryoko, that
beautiful demon and subject of oh so many hot, sweatty
fanboy dreams.  Not that I would know anything about
that... *AHEM*  Anywho...I've decided, for length
reduction purposes, to skip over a bit of the
Dragonball history; ergo, it is the purpose of this
Beef to fill in the blanks for all the Tenchi fans,
and the DBZ fans who need a brush up.
The Dragonball series begins with Son Goku, an
extrordinarily powerful boy with a brown monkey tail,
who lives in the woods by himself.  He was raised by
his Grandfather, Son Gohan, who is slain by a Giant
Monkey monster before the series begins.  Goku
inherited the Nyoi-bo and the Four Star Dragonball
from Son Gohan.
A while after Son Gohan's death, Goku, age six, meets
Bulma, a sixteen year old girl genius and dragonball
hunter.  She convinces the naive young Goku to
accompany her on her dragonball quest.  Along the way,
they meet many other people including: Kamesennin, aka
Master Roshi, a perverted old martial arts master;
Yamucha, the desert bandit; Oolong, a cowardly,
perverted shape-shifting pig in a Chinese uniform;
Puar, a floating, shape-shifting cat companion to
Yamucha; the Ox King, a former student of Master Roshi
and friend of Son Gohan; and Ox King's daughter and
Goku's betrothed, Chi-Chi.
Yamucha and Puar wanted to steal the Dragonballs from
Bulma, Goku and Oolong; however, they all become
friends and allies as they are forced to save the
world from the evil and comical Emporer Pilaf.  Pilaf
wanted to use the Dragonball's wish granting power to
conquer the world, but Oolong interupted him at the
last second and wished for a pair of panties.  Thus,
with the world saved, and the Dragonballs inert for a
year, Goku parted with his friends to train under
Master Roshi.
However, Son Goku wasn't the only one who wanted to
train under Kamesennin.  Enter Krillin, the short,
bald, noseless, shifty-eyed monk with six dots marking
his forehead.  At first, Krillin was a crafty little
bastard (I liked him better that way  U_U), but
Son-kun's pure heartedness rubbed off on him, and the
two became best friends.  Around this time, another
character takes up residence in the Kame house...  Her
names are Kashumi and Ranchi.  Every time she sneezes,
she switches personality and appearances.  Kashumi is
a violent, trigger happy, blonde bombshell, and Ranchi
is a completly spaced out ditz (worse than Mihoshi)
with black hair.
So, Master Roshi trains Goku and Krillin and schools
them in the Kamesennin style of fighting, time passes,
the Dragonballs once again become active, and Goku
decides to hunt for them again.  Oh, damn... I went
too far, crap!!  This instalation will start just
before the Dragonballs become active again.  Anywho,
that's enough history for now, let's get on with the
story  ^_^  !/

Purists Note:  PLEASE realize that this is an
EXTREMELY watered down version of the Dragonball
series.  The events from the series in this fic took
at least 10 years real time before completion.
Obviously, I can't fit a decade of work into a volume
this small, so I'm only going to breifly hit on the
major events of the series and the places where the
Tenchiverse and DBZ intersect.  To get the whole story
on Original Dragonball, go to your local B Dalton or
Waldenbooks and look in their graphic novel section.
There you can find, in english and only slightly
edited, the Pilaf series and the series where Krillin
comes in.  Also, if you go to your local Suncoast, or
other major video store, and look in the Anime
section, you can find the first season of the TV
series (HIGHLY edited), and three of the theatrical
movies (not so edited); however, only one of these
movies (The Sleeping Princess in Devil's Castle)
actually fits in with the rest of the series.  PLEASE
do NOT try to download these movies and episodes
unless you're downloading the relatively inacessible
Japanese subtitled versions!  The anime market needs
our support or else they will stop importing anime
period!  To get the rest of the Dragonball series, go
to planetnamek.com and go to the manga downloads.
There they have hand translated versions of the mangas
that are currently unavailable.  Now, I realize that I
told you downloading is evil, then showed you where to
download things one sentance later; but consider this,
just becuase you have the free version, doesn't
release you from you obligation to support your
favorite anime dealer when they release a version of
the same thing that you have to pay for.  And,
finally, yes; I do personally go out and buy the
english versions of any free downloads I have and you
should too!  Anywho... Disclaimer time!

Disclaimer:  I don't own Dragonball or Tenchi Muyo...
Though I wish I did LOL  Really though, Pioneer and
Toei Animation and all the rest of those companies and
individuals and whatnot own the rights to just about
everything in this fic.  I'm making no money here, so
PLEASE don't sue me.  Reader discretion is advised due
to strong language and potential gutter talk.  Death
is the healthy alternative to enjoying this fic.

Episode Four: No Need for Son Goku!

The morning air was pleasently tepid when Son Goku
woke.  The waves of the sea gently lapped at the shore
of Master Roshi's miniscule island; the wind softly
rustled the leaves of the three palm trees.  The small
boy sat up on his palette and let forth a huge yawn.
He rubbed his eyes and twitched his tail as he put on
the orange gi of the turtle school, strapping the
Nyoi-bo to his back.

"Man, I'm starving," Goku quietly commented, as he
clutched his growling stomach and padded into the Kame
House's kitchen.

He headed striaght for the fridge, makeing no notice
of Kamesennin, who was asleep at the table, face down
in a hentai magizine.  Opening the refridgerator door
he removed a light breakfast from the shelves: an
entire ham on the bone, a cooker full of white rice
left over from the previous night, a loaf of bread,
two liters of orange juice, and enough leftover
noodles to feed three people.

"Gotta eat light, this morning," Goku comment to
himself aloud, laughing and setting the food on the
table next to Master Roshi.

Master Roshi shifted and muttered "Puff Puff" in his
sleep.

It didn't take much much longer than five minutes for
Son Goku to devour the entire tableful of sustinance.
After that task was accomplished, he stood, exited the
Kame House, and did some stretches and excersizes as
the sun glinted in the windows of the pink building.

"Kinto!" Goku shouted into the air upon completing his
morning activities.

With it's normal rythmic thrum, the Kinto cloud
swooped from the sky and hovered above the ground in
front of Goku.

Climbing on top of the small, magical, yellow cloud,
which had been a gift from Kamesennin, he said,
"Alright, Kinto, let's go see Bulma and borrow the
Dragon Radar."

The Kinto obligingly streaked off towards the Western
Capitol, leaving it's usual yellow streak behind in
the air.  It didn't take long for Kinto to arrive at
the large, domed headquarters of Capsule Coporation,
the place Bulma called home.  Son Goku lept from the
cloud and landed before the front doors.

They were locked, but Goku effortlessly forced them
open, without really noticing that they were
irrepairibly damaged now.  The normally bright Capsule
Corp lobby was dark and empty.  Light streaming in
from the small, high windows cast long shadows across
the room.  He looked around confused, before he heard
a mechanical hum from behind him.  Leaping several
feet forward, he turned aroud and drew the Nyoi-bo,
the mystical weapon inherited from his Grandpa, from
it's holster slung across his back.

"Who are you, and what are you doing in Bulma's
house," Goku demanded, finding himself face to face
with a large security robot, who Goku assumed was a
monster.

"Drop your weapon and leave the premesis immediately,"
the security robot demanded in a dry, metallic voice,
assuming Goku was a burglar.

"If you want my Nyoi-bo then you're gonna have to
fight me for it!" Goku declared before taking a solid
swing at the robot's head.

The Nyoi-bo connected with the robot with a large
clang; the metal breifly squealed as the neck joint
wrenched apart, sending the robot's head across the
room, crushed like a soda can.  The electrical wires
in the neck sparked and fizzled as the robot's body
slumped to the ground and powered down.

"Humm," Goku muttered, rubbing the back of his head "I
guess he wasn't as strong as he looked..."

Suddenly, the lights flashed on.

"Son-kun!  What the Hell are you doing!?" Bulma yelled
from behind Son Goku.  She was standing on the
staircase that led from the Breifs family living area
to the Capsule Corp lobby.  Her long blue hair was
pulled into a pony tail on the side of her head.  She
was dresses in a pink sleeping shirt with her name and
the numbers "01" emblazoned on it.  In her hand she
held the pistol that she had shot Goku with when they
first met.  Of course, the bullets would be even less
effective on him now than they were back then, but the
bullets would do against your average theif.

"Hi Bulma!" Goku exclaimed cheerily, "Can I borrow the
Dragon Radar?"

The Dragon Radar was Bulma's first invention.  It is a
hand held device that scans the world for the
Dragonballs and displays their position on a map
screen.  It makes finding those seven treasures much
more practical.

"Ne, Bulma?  Can I?" Goku called, impatiently.

Bulma sighed, setting down the gun, "Sometimes I
wonder why I don't shoot you."

"Cause that would really hurt," Goku innocently
replied.

"That's my point," she sighed, "Come on, it's in
here."

##########

Meanwhile, at the Kame House, Kamesennin woke with a
yawn.  Noticing The emptied dishes on the table as he
wiped the drool from his chin, he thought, "Goku must
already be awake."

He stood behind the table and proceded to do his
morning stretches before wandering to the
refridgerator to see if Son Goku had left anything for
the rest of the house.  He chuckled as he opened the
door, remembering the first time that he had given the
young boy access to his fridge.  Who would have known
the boy could devour three months worth of sustenence
in one meal?  Looking about the interior of the
fridge, he noticed just enough food to feed Krillin
and Kashumi a decent breakfast and a couple six packs
of beer.  Roshi opted for the beer.

It was then that Krillin wandered into the kitchen.

"Good morning, Maser Roshi," Krillin said, rubbing the
sleep from his left eye, "Where's Goku this morning?
He wasn't in his bed when I woke up."

"I don't know, Krillin," Kamesennin motioned to Goku's
breakfast dishes, "He's already eaten, and I don't
fell his ki outside, so he's probably looking for the
Dragonballs again.  It has been a little while since
Pilaf tried to make his wish, you know."

"Really?" Krillin said, "I hadn't realized we'd been
training that long."

"Sure have, son," Master Roshi said sipping his beer,
"Time flies when you're having fun, ne!"

Krillin shot a look Roshi through narrowed eyes,
"Yeah, whatever."

"Hmmph!  Kids today... Absolutely no respect for
classic teaching technique.  Ox-king said my lessons
were his fondest memories."

"Even the part where you tied him to the tree full of
angry bees?"

"The boy has an exremely high pain tolerance." Roshi
nodded, "Hard headed too..."

Krillin took his food from the refridgerator, "Anyway,
what are you gonna teach me today?"

"Well, Krillin," Kamesennin said, "Now that you
managed to move the boulder outside, I just don't have
anymore techniques to teach you.  You can probably
even use the Kamehameha if you remember the hand
motions.  Yep, the only thing I can do for you now is
show you some excercises that will keep your strength
up."

"Really?  Wow..." Krillin comented, "Nothing else to
learn, huh?  I guess could get Yamucha to teach me a
few of his moves..."

"Actually," Roshi said, "There are still two more
people left in the world that can teach you a thing or
two, and both of them are even stronger and faster
than me."

"You mean it, Master Roshi!?"

"Sure do.  One of them is a close friend of mine.  We
met a long time ago at an ancient Shinto shrine.  His
name is Lord Kasuhito."

##########

Kasuhito was sitting in the office of the Masaki
shrine, composing an after-breakfast haiku before
beginning the morning chores.  While he was
contemplating the wording of the third line, the phone
rang.

"Hm, I wonder who that could be," he said, picking up
the phone, "Hello, Masaki shrine."

"Hi!  This is Kamesennin, how have you been,
Kasuhito-san?"

"Ah, good morning, Roshi," Kasuhito replied, "I've
been fine, thank you.  It's been quite a while since
we last spoke, hasn't it?"

"Yes," Roshi replied, "It's been too long.  I believe
the last time we saw each other was when Achika was
born.  How is she?"

"She is also fine," Kasuhito smiled, "I have to give
her the day's lessons in a moment."

"I see.  Well, I have a student of my own over here
who's shown great potential, but I've taught him
everything I know already.  His name is Krillin.
How'd you like to take a crack at him?  I think that
he could surpass me with your help."

"Sounds interesting," Kasuhito replied, "But you know
that I'm not in the habit of taking students...
Perhaps you two could come visit, then I can get a
good look at the boy."

"Great!" Kamesennin said, "I'll see you later then."

"Good bye, Roshi," Kasuhito finished, hanging up the
phone.

Just then, Kasuhito felt a tugging on his sleeve.
Looking down, he saw his young daughter, Achika,
smiling up at him.

"Is it time for lessons yet, Otou-san?" the eight year
old asked demurely.

"Yes, Achika," Kasuhito responded, "Let's start today
by sweeping the shrine."

##########

A few hours later, a bright yellow Capsule Corp
hoverjet set down at the base of the stairs to the
Masaki shrine.  Bulma, Kamesennin and Krillin stepped
out and Bulma re-encapsulated it shortly thereafter.

"Thanks for the ride, Bulma," Kamesennin said.

"Whatever," Bulma sneered, still a little miffed about
the rude awakening that Goku gave her that morning.

"Sometimes I think you guys just use me for my brains
and
money," she commented, disgruntled.

"Don't be silly!" Master Roshi said, "We like you big
tits too!"

Roshi began to drool from the corner of his mouth and
flex his fingers at Bulma's chest.  She promptly
kicked him between his eyes.

"You hentai," Bulma grunted, beginning to climb the
steps, "Come on, Krillin, let's get this over with."

##########

Meanwhile, at the the Red Ribbon Army headquarters,
Commander Red lovingly stroked his dragonball.  The
stout man smiled broadly and adjusted his eyepatch.
Soon, with all of Red Ribbon's resources at his
command, he would surely have all the dragonballs...
Then, at last, his lifetime aspiration would be
realized!  And then he he have the world!  He laughed
maniacally.

##########

Goku was extatic.  It wasn't even lunch time yet and
he already had a dragonball.  It wasn't the four star
ball, though; of all the dragonballs, that was the one
he wanted the most...  that was the one that his
grandpa had given to him.

"Maybe it will be the next one," Goku smiled, checking
the Dragon Radar.

In a few minutes, Kinto cloud had arrived at the site
of the next dragonball, and Son Goku jumped off of the
small yellow cloud, landing in front of the tori of a
small moutain shrine.

"Wow," Goku said, rubbing the back of his head, "I
wonder where they keep the dragonball?"

Goku walked up to the door to the shrine office and
slid it open.  He immediately recoiled and fell onto
his backside as he was ambushed by a tall elderly man,
and found himself looking down the wrong end of a
bokken.  Just then, Krillin appeared at Lord
Kasuhito's side.

"Goku!" Krillin said, "What are you doing here?"

"You know this boy, Krillin?" the old man spoke in a
somber, even tone.

"Hai, Kasuhito-sama.  He's a friend of mine, and
Master Roshi trained him too.  His name is Son Goku."

"Hi Krillin!" Goku said as Kasuhito put away his
bokken, "What are you doing here?"

Krillin smirked and narrowed his eyes, "Kasuhito-sama
is a friend of Master Roshi.  He agreed to train me
since Master Roshi has nothing more to teach me."

"Wow!" Goku shouted, turning to Kasuhito, "Could you
train me once I finish finding the dragonballs!"

"Hmmm," Kasuhito said, summing Son Goku up, "I don't
think so.  If Roshi was done with you, he would have
told me.  There must be more that he wants to teach
you, and I trust his judgement."

Goku looked down at his feet, "Oh, okay..."

"Please come in, Son Goku; have some tea."

"Hai!" Goku said, perking up.

The three sat at the table in the middle of the room,
and Kasuhito poured three cups of tea.

"So, Goku, what brings you here?" Kasuhito asked.

"I'm looking for the dragonballs," Goku said, drinking
the entire cup of tea in a single swig, "The Dragon
Radar said you had one here, see?'

Kasuhito sipped his tea and looked at the Radar.

"I see.  Well, I don't know where it is.  If I had
found it, I would have brought it into the shine.  If
you can find it you're welcome to have it.  I don't
need it myself."

"Really!"  Goku said, jumping up and down, "Yataa!!
Arigatou!!"

Goku rushed outside to search for the dragonball.
Kasuhito closed his eyes and sipped his tea.

"He is a very excitable boy, isn't he, Krillin?"
Kasuhito commented.

"You have no idea," Krillin replied.

Outside, Goku was searching areas at random...
Lifting rocks, digging through piles of leaves,
peering under the porch all in a frantic attempt to
find the dragonball.  After strowing the last pile of
neatly swept leaves, he was hit over the head with a
broomstick.

"OW!" Goku said, turning around to see an angry
Achika, "What did you do that for?"

"Look at the mess you've made!" Achika scowled, "Do
you know how long it took me to sweep those leaves?"

Goku looked around, seeing that he had effectively
undone all of Achika and Kasuhito's morning work in
just a matter of minutes.

"Oh, oops.  I didn't mean to do that.  I'm sorry, I
was so busy looking for the dragonball..."

"You mean this?" Achika said, holding out the three
star ball.

"That's it!  Can I have it?" Goku said excitedly.

"No.  Not unless you put all the leaves back the way
they were first," Achika said folding her arms.

"No problem!" Son Goku said, snatching the broom from
Achika.

The young boy began to sweep the leaves with lightning
speed.  He moved like a small orange-clad blur until,
just minutes after starting, all the leaves were in
their proper place.

"Here you go," Goku said, handing the broom back to an
astounded Achika.

"Wow!" the young girl said, "You move pretty fast."

"Thanks!" Goku said rubbing the back of his head and
grinning, "Can I have that dragonball now?"

"Sure," Achika said, handing him the small orb.

"Arigatou," Goku said before shouting, "Kinto!"

The Kinto cloud swept down to Goku's feet, allowing
him to jump aboard before tearing off through the sky.
 Just then, Kasuhito slid open the shrine door.

"Are you ready for today's lessons, Achika?" he asked
his young daughter.

"Hai, Otou-san," she replied.

"Come in then," he smiled, "Krillin will be studying
with you today."

Upon reentering the shrine, he instructed Krillin and
Achika to sit at the table.  He gave Achika some
reading to do, then turned his attentions to Krillin.

"Are you ready to begin your training, Krillin?"
Kasuhito asked, the light glinting across his glasses.

"Yes sir!" Krillin exclaimed eagerly.

"Good," Kasuhito said, placing a large stack of books
in front of Krillin, "Start reading."

Krillin fell backwards.

"Nani?  What are these??" Krillin asked.

"Sun Tzu's 'Art of War', Musashi Miyamoto's 'Book of
Five Rings', and several of my personal essays and
haiku on the history of this Shinto shrine."

"But, Kasuhito-sama, I'm not Shinto, I'm a
Buddhist..."

"No one is perfect, Krillin."

##########

It was not long before Son Goku had his first clash
with the minions of the Red Ribbon army over the
dragonballs.  Goku, of course, throunced the lowly
thugs, prompting the army to hire the world's most
lethal assasin, the dreaded Tao Pie Pie.

Shortly thereafter, Goku and Tao Pie Pie clashed in
battle over the dragonballs at the base of Korin
Tower, the sacred structure in the holy land that was
reputedly the home to the God of Martial Arts.  Goku
was, for the first time in his life, overpowered and
defeated by a single man.  Tao Pie Pie left Goku
wounded and unconcious, stole his dragonballs and left
him for dead.

Fortunantly, and unbenownest to Tao Pie Pie, Goku had
hidden the four-star ball in his shirt, preventing Tao
Pie Pie from stealing it and simultaneously sheilding
Goku's heart from the assasin's final blow.

Upon recovering, Goku decided to climb Korin Tower and
drink the legendary Ultra-Holy Water at the top.  The
Ultra-Holy Water was rumored to phenominally increase
the strength of anyone who drank it.  And so, with the
hope that the Water would increase his strength enough
to reclaim his dragonballs, Son Goku began to scale
the tower.

But meanwhile...

##########

It'd been a couple weeks since Krillin had started to
train under Kasuhito's aegis, and the small bald monk
was enjoying it.  He was well feed by Kasuhito-sama's
wife and he and Achika were becoming good friends.
However, he didn't quite understand Kasuhito's
methods.  Ever since he arrived, it was nothing but
sweeping leaves, reading books and a few philosphical
debates.  In fact, Krillin was pretty sure that he
hadn't done any physical training at all, with the
exception of the morning katas that Kamesennin had
taught him to do.

Krillin didn't really mind, though.  It reminded him
of his days in the Orin temple, the monastery where he
was raised.  The books that Kasuhito had assigned to
him were quite interesting and very enlightening... Of
course, Kasuhito himself was quite enlightening as
well, and Krillin found that Kasuhito had opened him
up to new veiws and truths about the universe.  It was
an altogether pleasent existence, Krillin was simply
beginning to wonder if Kasuhito would ever teach him
ANYTHING physical.

So it was with a relaxed mind that Krillin entered the
shrine office after finishing his chores.  It was time
for their pre-lunch discussion, but as Krillin slid
the shrine door open, Kasuhito was nowhere in sight.

"Watch out, Krillin," Krillin heard Kasuhito's voice
from behind him.

In the next instant, Krillin found himself bouncing
into the courtyard on his head.

"Oooww...  Why did you do that Kasuhito-sama?" Krillin
asked, rubbing his head as got to his feet.

"Do you think that the enemy will stop to tell why he
attacks you?" Kasuhito said calmly as he stepped into
the courtyard, "Defeat your opponent first, then you
may ask him questions!"

"Hai!" Krillin said, as he took the kamesennin-style's
signature fighting stance.

The short, bald monk lunged towards the elderly
preist, who showed no sign of moving.  As Krillin
reared back for the punch, Kasuhito deftly stepped
foreward and lifted his knee into the boy's stomach.

"No good, Krillin," Kasuhito scolded as Krillin lifted
himself from the ground, holding his abdomen, "Your
form was good, but your follow through is too slow.
Well, I can see I'm going to have to start you with
the basic patterns."

"Does this mean no more poetry?" Krillin coughed.

"Don't be silly," Kasuhito said, "Your mind still
requires training as well.  One cannot neglect the
mind to cultivate the body."

##########

And so, Krillin embarked upon the next level of
Kasuhito's training.  Son Goku; after four days of
training with Korin, the feline god of martial arts;
was allowed to drink the fabled Ultra Holy Water, only
to find out that it was the training that increased
his ki, not the water itself.  Upon decending from the
tower, Goku faced off against Tao Pie Pie once again.
Though this time, Tao Pie Pie was killed, blown to
peices by his own grenade.

After accomplishing this, Goku raided Red Ribbon
Army's headquarters, completely obliterating their
forces and salveging their dragonballs.  However,
their was still one dragonball left for Goku to claim.
 However, there was a problem.  The ball did not
register on the Dragon Radar.  It was as if it had
fallen from the face of the Earth.  Goku took the
Radar back to Bulma, thinking that it was broken;
however, such was not the case.  It was then that
Master Roshi sudgested that Goku visit Uranai Baba,
the world famous fortune teller and Roshi's big
sister.

And so, Yamucha, Puar, and Son Goku traveled to Baba's
palace in the desert to find the location of the
remaining dragonball.  Krillin would have accompanied
them, but Kasuhito was insistent that Krillin remain
at the shrine and continue his training.  After
arriving at Uranai-Baba's palace Yamucha and Goku
found that they had to defeat Baba's five supernatural
warriors before she would reveal the location of the
missing dragonball.  In the end, Yamucha defeated
three of them before being defeated by the fighting
mummy, leaving Goku to defat the mummy and the final
warrior, a ghostly reincarnation of Son Gohan.  With
the defeat of Goku's grandpa, Uranai-Baba located the
final ball and Goku made his wish.

With this accomplished, Goku returned to Roshi, asking
what he should do to prepare for the Tenkaiichi
Boudoukai, or World Martial Arts Tournament.  Roshi
instructed him to run completely around the planet on
foot, and if he could get back in the three years
between then and the Boudoukai, then Goku would be
ready for the Tournament.  Yamucha decided to train
under Kamesennin for those three years as well.

But elsewhere...

##########

Krillin stood outside the cave in the woods behind the
shrine.  He shivered as a freezing wind blew from the
behind the bars that locked the entrance shut.  Though
it was not the cold alone that caused him to shake...
but the immense ki he felt within the cave.

"Krillin! Boy!" Kasuhito sternly called, startling the
small monk.

"Kasuhito-sama!" Krillin exclaimed.

"Why did you come to this place, Krillin?  It is
forbidden to come to this cave," Kasuhito stated,
gravely.

"I felt this enormous ki," Krillin said, "What's in
there anyway?"

"An ancient demon sleeps there," Kasuhito replied,
"Many years ago, it descended from the heavens and
burned everything, terrorizing my people, until a
powerful samurai rode down on a ship like a dragon and
defeated the demon.  That samurai is Achika's
ancestor, Yosho."

"Wouldn't that make him your ancestor too?" Krillin
questioned.

"You could say that," Kasuhito replied, "But the
important thing is that Yosho made it the purpose of
this shrine and his descendants to watch over the
sleeping demon, and make sure she doesn't escape until
she can be vanquished by a warrior of sufficient
power.  By training at this shrine, Krillin, you too
have accepted this duty."

"Gee, thanks," Krillin replied through narrowed eyes.

"Enough, Krillin, get back to your chores.  No need to
dawdle around here, there will be plenty of demons in
your future."

##########

There you have it!  My longest installment to date!
Check in next time for "No Need for Demons!" in which
I'll finish out the Dragonball series with the final
two Boudoukai's and the epic Picollo saga!  That's
right, the debut of Teinshinhan, Chou-tzu, and Picollo
next instalment!  And after that, we'll move on to the
REAL good stuff as we might finally get to see Tenchi
himself!  Yep, the world's most elligible boy might be
just two fics away!  Be there!  Untill then, send
Questions, comments and constructive criticism to
celtic_wolfman_42@yahoo.com  See ya on the mailing
list  ^_^ !/