Freezer Muyo!

By Disgruntled Bubba

Bubba's Beef 5: It's What's for Dinner! (Actually it's an Author's Note!)

Welcome to the fifth instalment of Freezer Muyo! As always, it's a pleasure to 
have you back, esteemed readers.  Now I know that I said that last fic was gonna 
take care of the entire Original Dragonball series, but as you can tell by now, 
I lied  ^_^  Actually, the story was coming out to be incredibly long compaired 
to the other installments, so I decided to cleave it in half.  Plus, I felt the 
need to reacquaint myself with the last half of the series and ponder how things 
should transpire with the Tenchiverse thrown in.  In this fic, the plotline will 
see major diversions from it's parent serieses, as the the addition of the 
Tenchiverse will begin to really take it's toll on the destinies of all 
charecters involved.  Power levels will change, signature fighting styles will 
alter, and nothing will ever be the same again!  Should be interesting!  Once 
again, I remind you, this is a very watered down fic when it comes to history.  
I will focus most of my time on the areas and events where things change.  I'd 
like to dedicate this fic to all the bald fighters of DBZ, for they kick much 
more ass than other fighters like the Saiya-jin.  Picollo, Tienshinhan, Krillin, 
this fic is for you!  Aaaah, what the hell, I'll even throw Yamucha in, cause he 
was a true OG!  You boys got style, and that is much more important than 
power...  Anywho, on with the show!!

Disclaimer:  I do not own the copyrights to Dragonball or Tenchi Muyo!.  Those 
copyrights belong to Toei Animation and Pioneer AIC and whatnot...  I am not 
making any money off of this fanfic, nor do I have the intent to sell it.  
Reader discretion is advised due to possible language and gore.  As always, you 
can enjoy this fanfiction or die, Irvine Kineas!!!  Damn, did I say Irvine 
Kineas??  Sorry, I'm used to saying that name right after the word 'die'.  
Stupid addiction to FF8...

Episode Five: No Need for Demons!

The time had come.  It had been three years...  Three years since Krillin had 
last seen Son Goku.  Yamucha and Kamesennin had come to visit a few times during 
these years of training, but for most of the time, Kasuhito and his familly were 
the only people that the small monk had seen.  Even then, Achika had begun to 
attend public schools a few years ago, so for several years now, Kasuhito had 
been all the company Krillin recieved.  But now, he could finally see Goku 
again.  Kasuhito had agreed to allow Krillin to take a break from his rigorous 
training to participate in the Tenkaiichi Boudoukai.  

And so there they were.  Kasuhito and Krillin stood before the gates of the 
Boudoukai arena.  Kasuhito was dressed in his usual preistly garb, but Krillin's 
outfit was of a slightly different venue.  When not performing his chores or 
training, he had adopted a look that was an amalgam of his preistly robes and 
the gi of the Kamesennin school.  He had abandoned Roshi's bright orange colors 
in favor of the blues and grays, similar to Kasuhito's robes.  His shirt still 
bore Master Roshi's insignia, but he now wore the pants of his preistly outfit 
and he still wore the light boots of Roshi's uniform.  

"Hey Krillin!" Krillin heard Bulma shout from behind them.  The pair turned to 
see Kamesennin, Bulma, Yamucha, Kashumi, Puar, and Oolong approaching them 
through the crowd.

"Hi everyone!" Krillin said, smiling.

"Hey there, Krillin, you're lookin' great," Kamesennin replied, "Hey Kasuhito, 
you're lookin pretty good too.  Have either of you seen Goku yet?"

"No, I havn't seen him," Kasuhito replied, "But I'm sure he'll be here."

"Are you gonna enter the Boudoukai, Kasuhito-san?" Yamucha asked, "Kamesennin 
said you were even stronger than him."

"No," Kasuhito smiled, "I'm just here to see how Krillin does today.  You'd all 
better go register, the Boudoukai will likely start soon."

After Krillin signed in for the Boudouki, the group chatted for a while while 
waiting for Son Goku to arrive.  While they were so occupied, Master Roshi 
secretly signed up under the guise of Jackie Chun, as he had done in the 
previous boudoukai.  As the regestration deadline drew near, there was no sign 
of young Goku.  But he arrived just in the nick of time, having finally 
completed his full circut of the world.  Kamesennin supplied Yamucha and Goku 
with their standard Kamesennin-school gi.  

"Well, are these the best students you've got, Roshi?" stated a mocking voice.

Master Roshi spun around calmly, spotting his old rival, Tsurusennin.  He was 
standing there with his two students.  One was tall and bald, with a third eye 
in his forehead, while the other was very short, resembling a china doll.  

"Ah, Tsurusennin," Kamesennin replied, "I see that you're still as ugly as 
ever."

"What did you say!"

"Shut up Baboon-Face!"

Tsurusennin gathered his wits about himself again before replying, "Anyway, 
Roshi, if these are your best students, then you're going to lose.  You'll get 
murdered.  Tien, Chaou-tzu, lets go."

After the three left, Yamucha asked, "Who were those assholes, Master Roshi?"

"Oh, nobody.  Just someone I used to know."

It was not long after that meeting, that the preliminary matches started.  Of 
the Hundreds of fighters that registered, only the eight strongest would compete 
in the Boudoukai's first round.  Of course, Goku, Krillin, Jackie Chun, and 
Yamucha made a clean sweep straight through qualification.  Tsurusennin's 
students, Tien and Chaou-Tzu also breezed through their qualifiers, promissing 
to give the Kamesennin-school a painful and humiliating defeat.  The remaining 
first round positions were won by the Manwolf, and Pamputt.  The first matches 
would be Yamucha vs. Tien, Jackie Chun vs. the Manwolf, Krillin vs. Chaou-tzu, 
and Son Goku vs. Pamputt.

The fight between Yamucha and Tienshinhan was a spectacular one, in which both 
fighters made a good show of their power and technique.  Tien eventually 
overpowered the former desert bandit and maliciously broke Yamucha's leg after 
the completion of the fight.

Jackie Chun, aka Kamesennin, could have whupped Manwolf's ass anytime he wanted, 
but instead opted to defeat his opponent through hypnotism.

Goku beat the shit out of Pamputt.  Nuff said.

Then it was Krillin's turn.  He and Chaou-Tzu took the ring, and despite the 
trash talking and backstage animosity the two fighters shared, Krillin 
remembered to bow to his opponent before the match.  The announcer signalled the 
beginning of the match and Krillin was off like a streak of shiny, bald 
lightning.  Before Chaou-Tzu had time to react, the monk had closed the distance 
between them and planted a firm elbow strike into the China doll's stomach.  
Chaou-Tzu soared towards the boundary of the ring, nearing the ground, 
threatening to succumb to ring out.  At the last minute, Chaou-Tzu came out of 
his stunned state and used the Buku Jutsu, hovering just above the grass.

"Sugoi speed!" Tienshinhan gasped from the stands, "That kid might be tougher 
than I thought..."

"YAAAAY, Krillin!!" Oolong exclaimed!

"Krillin has greatly improved," Roshi thought to himself.

In the stands, Kasuhito simply smiled.

Chaou-Tzu slowly floated back into the ring, clutching his stomach.  

"So you can fly," Krillin mused, taking a new fighting stance, "Yosh', if I cant 
win with a ring out, then I'll go for the KO."

"Shut up!" Chaou-Tzu shouted, "Let's see how you like Tsurusennin's technique!"

With that, the China Doll-like fighter floated into the air above the ring and 
drew his extended pointer finger over his shoulder.

"Dodge it, Krillin!" Jackie Chun shouted, "He's going to use the Dodompa!"

Krillin smirked, "Kaaaaaaaa..."

"Baka!  The Dodompa is too strong!  It will beat the Kamehameha every time!"

"Meeeeee..."

Chaou-Tzu's fingertip began to glow with ki.

"Haaaaaa..."

Tsurusennin smirked in the stands.

"Meeeee..."

"You'll be killed!" Jackie shouted.

Chaou-Tzu thrust his finger foreward, leveled it at Krillin and released a 
streaming bolt of ki, shouting, "Dodompa!!!"

The Bolt of life force tore toward the small monk, who stood unwavering in the 
face of the comming onslaught.

Then, just as the blow was about to hit, Krillin silently lept into the air, 
cradling the growing Kamehameha.  Reaching the apex of his leap, Krillin found 
himself at eye level with a very startled Chaou-Tzu.

"Sayonara," Krillin said quietly, before yelling, "HAAAAAA!"

Releasing the kamehameha at point blank range, the six-dotted preist released a 
stream of blue ki that consumed the small china doll-like warrior.

Krillin deftly landed back in the ring as his opponent plummeted toward the 
ground, scorched and unconscious.  The monk watched as Chaou-Tzu slammed into 
the ground, bouncing once before settling on his back, unmoving.

The Boudouki Announcer rushed up to the fallen warrior and announced, " Chaou-
Tzu is KOed!  Krillin is the winner!"

"Amazing," Kamesennin/Jackie Chun thought, "Krillin has mastered the 
Kamehameha...  Kasuhito is a wonderful teacher indeed."

"B-bakana!!!!!" Tsurusennin exclaimed in the stands, "Chaou-Tzu didn't even get 
a chance to use his body freezing magic!  How can that kid be this strong?!?"

Kasuhito smiled again.

"Wow, Krillin," Son Goku said to the monk, when he joined him outside of the 
ring, "You've gotten a lot better!"

"Arigatou," Krillin replied, "Kasuhito is a good teacher."

"Hey!" Goku realized, "I think we get to fight each other in the next round!  
This'll be great!"

"Yeah, great..." Krillin said, nervously.

"I hope I can beat him..." Krillin thought.

The first match of the second round was between Jackie and Tien.  It was 
spectacular.  The two men clashed in a flurry of skill.  Tien slowly but surely 
gained ground on Chun, but Jackie seemed more concerned about convincing Tien to 
abandon his evil master than fighting.  After presenting his case between blows, 
Roshi eventually surrendered by hopping out of the ring, leaving a befuddled 
Tien to ponder his words.

The next match was between Goku and Krillin.  By this time, Roshi had abandoned 
his Chun disguise and was in the stands with Kasuhito, Oolong, Kashumi and 
Bulma.  As the two young warriors took the ring, Roshi and Kasuhito parlanced a 
bit.

"You've done a great job with Krillin, Kasuhito-san," Roshi commented his old 
friend.

"Krillin is a very bright young boy, and he takes to his duties well," Kasuhito 
replied, "So I cannot take all the credit."

"Yes, Krillin's gotten a lot better.  I can tell this will be a close match, 
even though Krillin is hiding his true power," Roshi stated.

Kasuhito nodded curtly.

As the Boudouki Announcer prattled off his pre-match commentary, Krillin and Son 
Goku also parlanced.

"You know," Son-kun commented, "This is the first time we've actually had to 
fight each other!  This'll be great!"

"Hai," Krillin nodded, "I'm not gonna hold back, so you better not either.  
Promise you'll go full out from the beginning."

"Hai!" Goku nodded happily, his tail swishing behind him.

"Remember," Krillin thought to himself, "Hit first and hit hardest!  Just like 
in kendo practice with Kasuhito-sama."

"GO!!!" the announcer shouted.

Krillin and Goku rushed in towards each other, matched for speed.  The small 
monk feinted a right hook, only to catch Goku in the ribs with his left knee 
when Goku took the bait.  Goku, slightly winded by the blow listed to the side, 
but sprung back with a flying roundhouse that connected soundly with his 
friend's head.  Krillin flew off to the side, but rolled out and regained his 
feet.  By this time, though, Goku was already closing in for the follow up.  He 
delivered a hard elbow to the monk's abdomen, only to have the attack pass 
through the illusionary Krillin.  The real Krillin was behind Goku and proceeded 
to mule kick Goku in the spine.  Now it was Goku's turn to fly as the attack put 
several meters between him and the monk.

"You used the Zanzouken," Goku smiled after regaining his footing.

"Hai," Krillin nodded, before shouting, "And now I'm gonna kick your ass!"

Krillin closed in with incredible speed, drawing his open right hand over his 
left shoulder.  Goku, a bit surprised by Krillin's speed increase, took a 
defensive position.  Krillin delivered a viscious backhand, but Son-kun blocked 
it with a raised forearm.  Without loosing a step, Krillin swung the same arm 
around in a sword-like motion, striking Goku hard in his ungaurded ribs.  As the 
previous blow caused Son to lurch to one side, Krillin spun around from the 
opposite direction and swept Goku's feet out from under him.

The monkey-tailed warrior fell foreward and kissed the ring.  Not missing his 
chance, Krillin's hand shot forth and took Goku's tail in a vice grip.  

Goku let out a startled yelp as his muscles tensed in shock before his strength 
started to leak away.

"You see," Krillin commented, "I know your weak spot.  You should have protected 
your tail better.  Now I'm going to win!"

The Announcer, seeing that Son-kun was not rising, began the KO count.

"One, two, three, four..."

"And now the ring out before you recover!" Krillin said, dragging Goku toward 
the edge of the ring.

"Five, six, seven, eight, nine..."

"Gomen, Goku, but I will win this match."

"No problem," Goku replied, springing to his feet at the last second.

"B-bakana!  Your tail!  You were out cold!" Krillin exclaimed in astonishment.

"Hehehe, Naah!  I remembered to train with my tail like Grandpa and Master Roshi 
told me to!" Goku smiled, standing precariously close to the edge of the ring.

Noticing that fact, Krillin narrowed his eyes, pointed at the horizon and 
exclaimed, "Really... Hey, Goku, look at that!!"

"What!  Where!" Goku cried, franticly searching for the non-existant object.

Krillin took that time to deliver a heavy uppercut to Son Goku's chin, launching 
him into the air and sending him plumeting toward the grass out of bounds.

Goku, stunned temporarily by the force of the punch, reached the apex of his 
upward flight before regaining his bearings.  Now a good five or six meters 
above the ground and falling fast, Goku began charging a Kamehameha.  He 
released the blue stream of ki into the ground in the nick of time, using the ki 
wave to propell himself back into the ring.

Landing on his feet, Goku scowled, "That was a dirty trick, Krillin!"

Krillin smiled, "I told you I was pulling out all the stops, and you've been 
holding back!  You promised you wouldn't!"

"Gomen," Son smirked, before rushing in towards the monk shouting, "Yosh'!"

The two fighters met with a furious storm of punches and kicks, niether giving 
any quarter.  The crowd roared as the two continued to wail away at each other 
for some time.  Finally, Goku broke back a few steps and took to the air with a 
mighty leap.  Krillin followed in suit, hot on the Monkey Tailed Warrior's 
heels.

"Kaaaaaa..." Son Goku began, with his back to the sun.

Krillin smirked, and leaning his bald head foreward.  The sun's rays glinted off 
of the monk's reflective cranium, which blinded Goku and caused him loose his 
fledgeling Kamehameha.

When the two landed on the ground again, Krillin was beginning to become visibly 
winded.

"Kuso," Krillin thought, "I should have punched him while he was blind...  He's 
still got more physical strength than I do..."

"Krillin's getting tired," Kamesennin thought in the stands, "Goku still has 
better stamina than him...  Looks like the match will go to Goku."

Goku smiled, "This is great Krillin!  I'm really having fun, so I'm going to 
show you my secret technique."

And with that, Son Goku disappeared and a strange thumping noise surrounded 
Krillin.

"N-nani?" Krillin said with a start, "That noise...  He must be moving too fast 
for my eyes."

All the crowd marveled at Son's ability to dissappear except for two men.  Tien 
widened his third eye, focussing on the rapidly moving warrior, and Kasuhito 
grinned appreciatively at the boy's speed.

"Okay," Krillin said concentrating, "I must try to focus on his ki...  I have to 
feel him instead of seeing him."

Krillin closed his eye's and concentrated hard.  When his eye's snapped open 
again, Krillin could see the glowing blur that was Goku's ki.

"There!" Krillin shouted as he blocked Goku's ambush punch.  

The force of the blow pushing the young monk to the edge of the ring.  Goku 
followed up with a sweep that caused Krillin to fall backwards onto the grass.

"Oh well," Krillin sighed, laying back in the grass, "I guess I lost."

"Hey Krillin," Goku said, as the announcer pumped the crowd over Goku's victory, 
"How'd you see me?  I thought I was moving fast enough."

Krillin laughed and sat up, "Kasuhito-sama ambushes me a lot during training, so 
I picked up how to see without using my eyes really quick.  Besides, I'm just as 
fast when I'm not so tired."

"Hey!  I thought you said you weren't holding back!" Goku laughed.

"Never show the enemy your true strength," Krillin quoted his lessons, "When you 
are strong feign weakness, when weak feign strength."

Goku just laughed.

This left just two fighters.  Tienshinhan versus Son Goku in the final match.  
Finally, Tsurusennin school and Kamesennin school would have that decisive 
rumble.  The fight started spectacularly, despite the fact that both fighters 
held back their power as they tested the other's skill.  Pretty soon though, all 
Hell broke loose as they clashed with rising strength.  

However, as the fight progressed, Tsurusennin decided to take extra steps to 
ensure the victory of the Crane school.  He instructed Chaou-Tzu to use his body 
freezing magic to immobilize Goku at critical moments, allowing Tien to strike 
with impunity.  Surprisingly, Tien objected to this.  Kamesennin's words had 
moved the Tricloptic Senshi.  With a newfound sense of honor, Tienshinhan used 
his Telepathy to implore Chaou-Tzu to stop his interferance.

Tsurusennin, of course, wanted no truck with this.  Stating that if Tien 
wouldn't kill Goku, he would, the Crane master began to clamor from the stands 
to take matters into his own hands.  Luckily, Master Roshi had the quick 
thinking to hit Tsurusennin with a Kamehameha that launched the evil man 
completely out of the city.

With that breif interlude over, the fight could resume in earnest.  Tien 
demonstrated a terrifying technique in which he grew two additional arms and 
proceeded to pummel Son Goku.  Amazingly, the monkey-tailed youth perservered.

It was then that Tien took his last ditch effort.  He used the dreaded Kikohou, 
an immensly powerful ki attack that channels nearly all the users life into the 
attack, to completely destroy the ring in one fell blast.  Goku had to leap into 
the air to avoid the blast when it engulfed the ring.  And what goes up must 
come down... except for Tien.  He was able to use the Buku Jutsu to remain 
aloft, when it appeared that Goku was doomed to return to the ground.  With no 
ring left, the entire stadium would be considered out of bounds, and Goku would 
lose upon landing.  It appeared to be all over.

Unbelieveably, Goku was able to land one more powerful blow, knocking both the 
fighters into a free fall.  Who ever hit the ground first would lose...  and 
through a streak of bad luck it was Goku.  Tien had won.

After the Boudouki was over and the stands began to drain, Tien and Chaou-Tzu 
caught up with Kamesennin, Goku and the rest as they were waiting for Yamucha to 
be released from the infirmary.

"Kamesennin," Tien called, "Chaou-Tzu and I came to apologize to you and your 
friends for our behavior.  Tsurusennin was a bad influence on our 
personalities."

"Yeah," Chaou-Tzu chimed in, "We were real jerks."

"It's no problem," Roshi responded, "I know all about Tsurusennin.  Apology 
accepted...  You know, you two can come live with me at the Kame House if you 
like."

"Please accept his offer!" Ranchi pleaded to Tienshinhan, "I'm just crazy about 
you!  Come live with us!"

"Gomen, I can't," Tien replied, "I have rejected my master and don't deserve 
another right now...  I feel that I must make my own way."

"I understand," Roshi replied.

"You just want me to suffer!" Ranchi lamented.

Tien turned to Yamucha, "Sorry about that leg Yamucha." 

"I'm alive aren't I?  It's no biggie," Yamucha replied.  Bulma did not look as 
convinced.

Lastly turning to Goku, Tien said, "Son Goku, you can have the prize money if 
you want.  It should be yours... It was simply bad luck that you collided with 
that bus before I hit the ground."

Goku smiled, "That's ok, I didn't want the money anyway... I just came to 
fight."

"At least let me buy you all lunch," the penitent triclops offered.

"Great!  I can't wait!" Goku shouted excitedly.

"I don't think you know how much Son-kun can eat," Bulma commented, laughing.

"Oh, wait," Goku interjected, "I left my Nyoi-bo and Suushinchuu in the 
qualifying room."

"Don't worry, Goku," Krillin interjected, "I'll get them for you."

They all idly chatted while Krillin sauntered back into the Boudouki compound to 
retrieve Goku's prized heirlooms.  Shortly, though, thier conversation was 
interupted by an all too familiar scream, and they all rushed into the compound.

Upon arrival, they were graced with a greusome scene.  The Announcer was on the 
floor, unconscious; Krillin was barely standing, and his left arm dangled, 
twisted at an obscene angle.  In front of Krillin, a large, almost reptilian 
looking monster was neatly cleaved in half at the waist, it's intestines 
decorating the floor.

Bulma and Puar looked away, disgusted; while Kasuhito, Kamesennin and Goku 
rushed to Krillin's side.

"Krillin!" Goku querried, "What happened?!"

"When I got here to get your things, that bakemono over there was threatening 
the announcer and trying to get the list of martial artists from the last few 
Boudouki," Krillin cringed out tiredly, "When it attacked him, I fought it, but 
the bakemono was very strong.  He broke my arm, but I finished him with that 
technique you taught me, Kasuhito-sama.  When it was over, I found this weird 
peice of paper.  I think the bakemono dropped it."

Krillin held up the peice of paper with the strange kanji so that Roshi and 
Kasuhito could see it.  The light glinted across both of the elderly men's 
glasses as the straightened their backs.

"You know what this means, don't you Kasuhito-san," Kamesennin spoke.

"Hai," the preist calmly spoke, "Picollo Daimyo is back."

"Picollo Daimyo?" Tien asked.

"Hai," Roshi spoke, "Picollo Daimyo was a strange and horrible demon that 
plagued Chikyuu over a hundred years ago while Tsurusennin and I were still 
training under our master, Mutatio-sama.  Mutatio-sama knew a magical technique 
called the Mafuba, that could trap any demon inside the mystical Denshi jar.  
The only problem was that the technique was so powerful, that if he used it, the 
strain would kill him.  But Mutatio, Tsurusennin and I confronted Picollo Daimyo 
on the battlefeild anyway.  This is where I first met Kasuhito-san."

"Yes," Kasuhito now continued, "I, too, had heard of the demon's tirade and 
determined to kill Picollo.  I was a headstrong young swordsman then, but was 
certian that I could defeat him.  When I finally caught up to the bakemono, it 
was too late.  Mutatio had already used the Mafuba to imprison him, and 
perished.  I helped Roshi-san lay his master to rest and together we threw the 
Denshi jar into the sea, so that no one could release the foul demon.  But it 
appears that someone has found it after all."

"Wow," Oolong mused, "I can't believe that you two are over a hundred years old.  
How'd you guys manage that?"

"Good diet and clean living!" Kamesennin explained enthusiasticly, and Kasuhito 
nodded in agreement.  

Everyone but Kasuhto and Roshi face-faulted.

"I don't understand," Yamucha pondered, "If Picollo Daimyo was that horrible, 
what kind of person would release him?"

##########

"Pilaf!" an angry Picollo shouted.

Pilaf and his henchmen, Shou and Mai, cowered together a bit.

"Yes, Picollo-san?" the small, blue thing replied.

"Is the Dragonball tracker on this ship still working?" Picollo growled.

"Hai," Pilaf replied, flicking the lever controlling the tracker to the on 
position, "You see, still working."

"Excelent," Picollo grinned from the seat of the throne that he had ordered 
added to Pilaf's Flying Fortress.  He was flanked on one side by his 
pteredactyl-like minion, Cymbal.

"Show me the location of the Dragonball that I sent Tamborine to retrieve." the 
Demon King ordered.

Pilaf caused the map to zoom in on the location of the four-star Dragonball.

"There it is," the small, blue gnome-thing replied, "It's still at the 
Tankaiichi Boudoukai grounds.  I would have thought Tamborine could retrieve it 
by now."

"SILENCE!" Picollo roared, "Tamborine has been killed!  I felt it when he died.  
Now turn this ship and bring it to that location.  I will avenge my child and 
retrieve the dragonball, then I can wish for eternal youth and rule the world."

"Mai!" Pilaf shouted, "You go take the ship off autopilot and correct our 
course!"

Chou and Mai scurried to the cockpit to carry out Pilaf's order.

"Erm, Picollo-san," Pilaf complained, "Don't you mean we'll rule the world.  
After all, I figured that since I set you free, we could split the world.  You 
take half, I take half."

"Don't worry, Pilaf," Picollo Daimyo smirked, "You'll get what you want.  I 
dont' mind working with you."

##########

"Don't worry, Krillin," Son Goku said, "If I take you to Karin Tou, Karin-san 
can heal you up."

"Good idea," Kamesennin stated, "If Picollo is after the Dragonballs, then he'll 
be back.  And he'll probably be mad because you killed his minion."

Krillin cringed in fear and Goku got a determined look on his face.

"Son Goku," Kasuhito stated, "You and Krillin go to Karin Tou; Roshi-san, 
Tienshinhan, Chaou-Tzu and I will search for the Dragonballs before Picollo can 
get the rest of them; Yamucha, you, Bulma, Puar, Oolong and Ranchi go back to 
the Kame House.  You should be safe there."

"I don't like running away, but I'll do it.  This broken leg just puts me in the 
way," Yamucha lamented.

"Bulma, we'll need the Dragon Radar, and you better give us your Dragonball, 
Goku," Kamesennin stated.

Bulma and the rest loaded into one of Yamucha's Capsule Jets, and Kasuhito's 
group boarded Tien's while Krillin and Goku streaked off on the Kinto cloud.

Kinto putted across the horizon, over the sea, desert and forest until Karin 
Tower was in sight, rising high above all the tree tops.

"Wow, Goku is THAT Karin Tou?" Krillin querried, clutching his shattered arm.

"Yep," Goku replied, in his usual cheery manner, "That's where the God of 
Martial Arts lives.  He has these great magic beans that heal you if you eat 
them."

Kinto drew to a halt at the edge of the tower's bulbous peak, and Son and 
Krillin jumped into Karin's home.  

"Karin-san!" Goku called, "It's me!  Son Goku!  I need your help again."

"Gee," Krillin said through narrowed eyes, "I didn't kow that you and the God of 
Martial Arts spoke to each other in such a casual way..."

Goku just smiled and scratched the back of his head.

"Alright, alright!" Karin's voice echoed from the next room, "I'm coming!  No 
need to shout, I'm not deaf ya know."

When the fat, white, cat-god padded around the corner, staff in hand, Krillin 
face faulted.

"This is the God of Martial Arts?!?" Krillin thought, "I was expecting something 
more... Grandiose."

"This is my friend Krillin," Goku continued, obliviously, "He got beat up by 
some demon after the Tenkaiichi Boudoukai.  Can we have a senzu to heal him up?"

"Sure thing," Karin responded, "But this is my last one this season.  And don't 
make a habit out of taking my beans."

"Arigatou! I won't," Goku exclaimed.

Karin tossed Krillin the small, green seed and the small monk swallowed it down.

In a flash, the Shiny Bald One was back to normal, completely healed.

"Sugoi!" Krillin shouted, "Even my arm is back to normal!"

"That's right, kid," Korin replied, "You were in pretty bad shape...  What demon 
were you fighting anyway?"

"One of the minions of Picollo Daimyo.  It was a hard fight, but I slew him."

"Picollo Daimyo's loose!" Karin panicked, "Why doesn't anyone tell me these 
things!  He must be keeping his ki hidden so I wouldn't detect him!"

"Are you going to go fight him, Karin-san?" Goku asked excitedly.

"Me!  No!  But if I had detected him, I could have directed some of my former 
students, like Kamesennin, against him.  Picollo Daimyo has had a phobia of 
Martial Artists ever since Mutatio trapped him in the Denshi Jar.  During his 
first reign of terror, only the Mafuba technique could defeat him, and only 
Martial Artists can use the Mafuba.  He's probably going to kill all the Martial 
Artists before anyone can use the Mafuba on him," Karin explained.

"We can't let that happen," Krillin stated grimly, "C'mon Goku, let's kill this 
bakemono."

"Hai!" Goku nodded, before shouting, "Kinto!"

The two had hopped onto the yellow cloud before Karin could object.

"Gombatte," the God thought, "You'll need it."

##########

Meanwhile, the others had begun collecting the Dragonballs.  Including Goku's 
four star ball, Roshi, Kasuhito and the rest collected three of the balls; While 
Picollo and Pilaf had rounded up three of the others.  Now they would converge 
on the last Dragonball, the One star ball.

Master Roshi eyed the Dragon Radar, "Yep, the next ball is definantly ahead; and 
the other set is moving toward it also."

"Must be Picollo Daimyo," Tien commented from the pilot's seat.

"Hai," Kasuhito commented, the glare on his glasses lenses hiding his eyes, 
"This will be the time that Picollo is confronted."

"Hopefully the last time," Chaou-Tzu worried.

Kamesennin looked at Kasuhito and the stoic preist was silent.

Arriving at the site of the Dragonball, the group filed out of Tien's plane 
before Re-encapsulating it.  They had touched down in a wooded area not 
extremely far from the Boudouki arena.

"Ok, let's find this Dragonball," Kamesennin spoke.

"Who are you weirdos?" A mildly irritating voice querried from behind the group.

They turned to behold the owner of the voice.  A short, pudgy, disheveled 
looking preist.  His long black hair reached the small of his back, and he bore 
a katana at his side.  The one Star Dragonball hung from a string around his 
neck.

"I am Kamesennin, and this is Kasuhito, Tien and Chaou-Tzu," the Turtle Hermit 
introduced the group.

"I'm Yajarobi," the fat man replied.

"We don't have time for this!" Tien shouted, "You must give us that ball around 
your neck before Picollo Daimyo gets here or the World is doomed!"

"Shimatta!" Yajarobi exclaimed, "Picollo Daimyo!  He's comming here!  I'm outta 
here!"

"Wait!" Chaou-Tzu shouted, "Give us the Dragonball first!  That's what Picollo 
wants."

"Here!  Take it!" Yajarobi panicked.  He tossed them the ball before skittering 
away with surprising speed for someone in his shape.

"Wow, He was pretty wierd," Chou-Tzu commented.

"It's probably better that he fled," Kasuhito said, sagely, "Picollo will be 
here to vie for these Dragonballs soon."

"Hai," Kamesennin agreed, "We should bury the balls, and hide.  That way we can 
ambush him and steal his wish.  If he doesn't regain his youth, then we can 
still defeat him."

"Kasuhito-san," Tienshinhan asked, "You said earlier that you believed that you 
were strong enough to kill Picollo...  I'm sure that all of us together can take 
him."

"That was many years ago," Kasuhito replied gravely, "Now I am old; besides, 
Picollo must not die yet..."

"Nani..." Tien began to ask, but a long shadow was cast over the group as 
Pilaf's Flying Fortress neared overhead.  As they scattered to hide amongst the 
trees, the huge plane hung ominously over them, engines roaring, until Picollo, 
Pilaf and their minions became visible on it's deck.

"Hmph," Picollo Daimyo sneered, "Four Dragonballs in one place and no one to be 
seen.  Must be a trap."

The Demon King fearlessly lept down from the giant plane and deftly landed on 
his feet.  Placing the three Dragonballs that he had collected on the ground 
beside the four that the others had gathered, the seven orbs began to pulse with 
a yellow light.

Meanwhile, hidden in the trees, the quartet that appeared to be Chikyuu's last 
hope were formulating a plan.

"Ok, Chaou-Tzu," Kamesennin explained, "You go hide behind that large rock over 
there while Kasuhito-san, Tienshinhan and I fight Picollo.  You are our trump 
card, if we three fail, then it's up to you to steal his wish...  that way Goku 
and Krillin will still stand a chance."

"Hai!" Chaou-Tzu agreed before stealthily shifting his position.

"Ok, Tien, are you ready?" Kamesennin said, calmly.

"Hai," the triclops replied, crouching lower like a tiger preparing to strike.

"Gomen," Roshi replied as he swiftly produced a small can that sprayed a cloud 
of mist into the warrior's face.

"Nani!?" Tien struggled, as he was rendered unable to move.

"It's a paralysis spray.  It will wear off in about an hour.  I can't let you 
waste your life in this battle.  Kasuhito-san, you said that Picollo Daimyo 
isn't allowed to die yet, right?"

"Correct, though you and Chaou-Tzu will," the old preist replied, his expression 
never changing.

"Yosh'," Kamesennin replied, "I understand.  Wish us back, ok?"

"I will."

And with that, Kamesennin lept from behind the trees and confronted the Green 
Demon.

"Remember me?  I remember you," the Aged Warrior commented.

"No, I'm afraid I dont," Picollo smirked.

"My Master trapped you last time, now it's my turn," Roshi replied as he 
produced a capsule from his pocket.  

He pressed the button and tossed it to the ground, where, in a puff of smoke, a 
small jar appeared.

"B-b-bakana!" Picollo screamed, his green face blanching, "That's the Denshi 
Jar!  No!  Damn you!"

"MAFUBAAA!!!!" Master Roshi shouted, thrusting his hands foreward.  

A mystical wind surged forth from the Old Senshi's hands, sweeping Picollo 
Daimyo off the ground, warping his body and twisting him among the trees.  The 
demon's terrified scream filled the air as the mafuba mercilessly wisked him 
about and finally slammed into the edge of the jar, tipping it over.  Picollo 
was deposited on the ground beside the overturned jar.

"I... I missed the jar," Kamesennin stated, as his last strength was drained 
from him.

And with that Master Roshi slumped to the ground and died.

"Damn that old bastard!" Picollo shouted, picking himself up from the ground, "I 
thought no one still knew that technique!  As soon as I get my youth back I'm 
going to finish killing all the martial artists."

Picollo turned his attention back to the Dragonballs, "Shen-ron!  Come forth and 
grant my wish!"

The sky darkened to black and the lightning indicative of the Eternal Dragon's 
summoning filled the air.  Soon, the glowing serpentine energy form of Shen-ron 
erupted from the orbs, snaking about the sky before solidifying into his body.

"I am Shen-ron.  State your wish," the dragon stated in his booming, rough 
voice.

Taking his cue, Chaou-Tzu lept from behind the rock, and shouted, "I wish..."

But that was all he got out before Picollo's head whirled about, and streams of 
ki shot from the Demon's eyes, scorching Chaou-Tzu to death.

Tien screamed his agony telepathicly and Kasuhito stoicly watched the scene, his 
aged fingers tightening around the ancient wooden bokken in his hand.

"I wish to regain my youth eternally!" Picollo Daimyo pronounced.

"Very well, it is done," Shen-ron replied.

An otherworldly light engulfed the Green Demon, and when it had dissapated, his 
body was returned to a youthful state.

"I will now return to my lair to slumber once more," Shen-ron stated, calmly.

"You're not going anywhere," Picollo Daimyo stated.

The malign demon raised his hand and threw forth an intense bolt of ki, which 
struck Shen-ron and blew his into peices with an immense explosion.

"And now, the world is mine," Picollo stated.

"Umm, Excuse me," Pilaf asked from the deck of his Fortress, "Don't you mean the 
world is ours?  We had a deal."

"No I mean it's mine.  If you and your inept henchmen value your lives, then 
you'll leave my presence in the next 30 seconds."

Pilaf, true to form, shouted at Shou and Mai to turn the plane around as quickly 
as possible.

After Pilaf's retreat, Son Goku and Krillin arrived on the Kinto cloud. 

"Shimatta, Goku, that green guy must be Picollo.  His ki is immense."

"I know," Goku stated, "It looks like the fight has already started...  I wonder 
why Tien and Kasuhito-san are just standing there..."

The pair lept from the cloud and landed deftly in between Kasuhito and Picollo.

"Are you Picollo?" Goku asked, angrily.

"Yes, I am," Picollo replied cockilly.

"Krillin, Son Goku," Kasuhito called, calmly stepping into view at last, 
"Picollo has killed Chaou-Tzu and Roshi-san.  Tienshinhan is paralyzed and 
cannot help you.  It is up to you to defeat this demon."

Picollo laughed heartilly, "You two?  Defeat me?  How novel."

"I don't understand, Kasuhito-sama," Krillin stated confused, "Why won't you 
help us?"

Kasuhito calmly replied, "It is your destiny to fight him, not mine.  You two 
must defeat Picollo alone, or the future is doomed."

"Yosh'" Krillin replied, getting a determined look on his face.

Goku seethed, "You killed my Master and my new friend!  I'm going to kill you!"

"Go ahead and try," Picollo smirked.

The two small fighters launched from their positions and rapidly closed the 
distance between them and Picollo.  Both hurled a heavy hook at the Demon, but 
he intercepted them with his forearms.  The Chibi-Senshi broke into a hail of 
rapid punches, their fists and arms a blur, but the Demon king continued to 
block.

Picollo smirked, spotting a hole in their offense, and delivered a strong jab to 
Krillin's face, sending him hurtling back.  However an enraged Goku took 
advantage of the situation and struck Picollo with a dazzling high kick.  
Krillin bounced back immediately upon making contact with the ground and lept 
back into the fray, his ki beginning to gather around his clenched fist.

"KENDO-KEN!" the Six-Spotted Monk shouted, a blazing blade of ki emerging from 
his glowing fist.

Pushing himself to the upper reaches of his speed, Krillin's blade lashed out at 
the Demon's neck with lightning accuracy.  As Krillin touched ground behind the 
demon king, Picollo's head hit the ground, a stunned look cemented on his face.  
Goku and Krillin watched on as the Demon's body staggared back a few steps, 
hands clutching at the bleeding neck stump.  

"Goku," Krillin asked gravely, "Is it just me, or is Picollo's ki not fading?"

"It's not fading at all," Goku agreed concernedly.

The headless demonic body finally gained it's composure and suddenly, violently, 
sprouted a new head; identical to the first.  

"Damn you," Picollo Daimyo growled, "You'll pay for that!"

And with that, Picollo began to release his power.  An ominous and evil aura 
extended around him as his throaty growl built into a hellish howl.  Ki crackled 
like an electrical current licking at his body.  Reaching the apex of his power, 
he lept toward the Young Wariors and unleashed a barage of punches agianst the 
both of them.  Too quick to dodge, Goku and Krillin were forced to block.  They 
deflected what blows they could, but the onslaught was so tumultous that hits 
began ringing in, clear and true.  Once their defense had been whittled down to 
near nothing, Picollo Daimyo unleashed a spinning roundhouse and caught both 
fighters cleanly in the jaw.  They flew off in opposite directions, and Picollo 
chose to chase after Krillin.

Ricochetting off a tree, Krillin rolled to his feet, the signs of abuse 
beginning to show on his body.  When the Demon King launched a fist toward the 
monks head, Krillin took hold of Picollo's wrist and used his momentum to whirl 
him into the tree.  Following through with a barrage of punches to his back, 
Krillin finished his combo with a two handed overhead smash, driving his 
opponent into the ground.  The monk-preist lept a few meters back and began the 
Kamehameha motions while waiting his opponent to rise.

Picollo got to his feet and his senses just in time to see a blue stream of Ki 
rush toward him and hear Krillin shout "HAAAAAA!".  The beam struck the Green 
Demon head on and engulfed him in a roiling explosion.  Krillin searched for 
Picollo's ki in the explosion only to find it behind him.  Whirling around, the 
small monk found himself staring into the demon's legs.  Picollo's hand snaked 
out and latched onto Krillin's throat.

"Kuso!" Krillin croaked out, as Picollo lifted him into the air.

"Now you pay for cutting off my head," the demon smirked.

Out of nowhere, Son Goku crashed into Picollo's side, firmly planting a flying 
headbutt into the Demon's ribs.  Releasing Krillin and lurching to the side as 
his ribs snapped under the assault, Picollo hacked up a small gout of blood.  
Goku followed up with a raging jump kick to the same broken ribs, before 
sweeping the Demon's feet out from under him.

An enraged Picollo swiftly kippuped to his feet and released a blazing stream of 
ki from his mouth, engulfing Goku.  But Krillin, too, was back to his feet and 
used the Zanzouken to surround the Demon with taunting after images.  But 
Picollo Daimyo simply lept into the air and barraged the ground with ki blasts, 
tossing both fighters back in a flaming wake.

Tossed onto their backs next to each other, their scorched and tattered gi 
flapping in the breeze; Son Goku and Krillin laborously and painfully got to 
their feet.  Goku, bleeding from the mouth and one eye swolen half shut, looked 
at Krillin.

"I think you pissed him off when you cut his head off," Goku commented, "Where'd 
you learn that move anyway?"

Krillin, bleeding from the forehead and half of his shirt scorched away, 
replied, "I learned it from Kasuhito-sama, but I named it.  The shout helps me 
focus."

"Ah, wakatta," Goku smiled.

Just then, Picollo lanced from the sky and delivered a monsterous drop kick to 
Krillin's head.  Crying out in pain, the small monk bounced and skidded back 
twenty meters before coming to rest face down in the dirt.

"Now we're even you bald shit," the Demon smirked.

"KRILLIN!" an enraged Goku shouted.

Kasuhito bounded from the background and knelt next to Krillin, bokken gripped 
firmly inhand.  Checking the young boy's pulse, he stood.

"Son Goku, Krillin is still alive.  Calm your rage and fight with a clear mind.  
It is up to you now.  I will protect Krillin."

"Hai," Goku growled, glaring hard at the cocky demon.

"Bring it on," Picollo sneered.

Goku launched himself at Picollo Daimyo and unleashed a barage of punches, but 
Picollo deftly blocked them.  Unfazed, Goku switched up and headbutted the 
Demon's forehead.  The Green One staggered backwards, dazed by the unexpected 
blow.  Goku surged foreward and planted a hand firmly into Picollo's abdomen.  
The Demon this time bent over foreward, and the Monkey-tailed Senshi lept 
straight upward, delivering another devistating headbutt directly to the 
underside of Picollo's jaw.  Picollo was knocked onto his back, and Goku 
rebounded off a tree and stomped down onto the Malicious One's chest before 
backflipping back into the ready position.

Picollo got back to his feet, rage burning in his eyes.  He roared, drawing 
himself up to his full height, the evil aura crackling around him with renewed 
vigor.  Leveling his hand at Goku, he unleashed a torrent of ki.  Goku 
skillfully dodged the first blast, and the second, and the third; but soon the 
onslaught caught him, and one of the compact blasts and snapped his left arm.

"GUWAAH!" Goku screamed as his arm swung into that unnatural angle.

Shutting out the pain, Goku once again launched himself at the Demon, his arm 
trailing along for the ride.  The small senshi feigned in a knee strike and 
connected with a devastating punch from his good arm.  Touching down on the 
ground again Goku was, due to Picollo's height, below the Demon's gaurd.  Goku 
lashed out with a viscous series of kicks, that forced Picollo into a series of 
leaping dodges.  Eventually, though, Picollo maneuvered into a position where he 
could strike back.  The Demon's foot sprang forth like a serpent striking, 
biting into Son Goku's right knee, breaking it.  The impact tossed Goku back 
like a rag doll, bouncing and eventually landing on his back.

As Goku laid on his back, grimacing in pain, Picollo gloated, "You see!  With 
your arm broken you do not have the strength to defeat me!  And with your leg 
broken, you can't even stand before me!  As it should be!  You were a fool to 
thnk that you could defeat Picollo Daimyo!  And I shall take my time finishing 
you, to savor your pain."

"Son Goku!" Kasuhito shouted, "You are not finished yet!  Don't give up!  There 
is a power hidden within you!  Reach within yourself and find it!"

"Prattling old baka!" Picollo shouted, firing a bolt of ki at the old preist, "I 
shall silence you!"

Effortlessly leaping from harms way with Krillin in tow, Kasuhito continued, 
"Listen to me, Goku!  Look within youself and harness it!"

The small boy, clenched his eyes shut, forcing the pain to the back of his mind.  
He attempted to clear his mind, feeling for the power Kasuhito spoke of.  After 
several excruciating moments an image emerged from the mists in his mind; he saw 
the full moon.  His eyes snapped open, and his ki strength jumped.  Son Goku 
reared himself up on his good leg, broken arm dangling by his side, and fixed a 
determined stare on Picollo.

"Nani!!" Picollo gasped, astonished.

Goku lept into the air, his good fist extended ahead of him, and an inhuman roar 
emmited from him.  He closed in on Picollo with astonishing speed, before 
slamming into the demon fist first.  The Demon doubled over and vomited blood as 
Goku's fist dug deep into his abdomen, breaking skin, bone and sinew.  The 
Demon's back began to bulge outward until Son Goku violently burst through, 
tearing a hole straight through Picollo Daimyo.

"He did it!" Kasuhito thought to himself, smiling, "He harnessed the power of 
his Oozaru form!  Perhaps now he will be strong enough..."

A look of sheer shock plastered across his face, Picollo stammered, "I...  will 
have v-vengance..."

The Demon's neck and mouth expanded like a snake vomiting as a large egg 
emmerged from him, and was spat off into the distance.  Having completed his 
last action, Picollo Daimyo plummeted to the ground, dead.

Goku landed on the other side of Picollo's corpse, standing on his good leg, 
heaving heavy breaths, almost growling.  Then, suddenly, as his injuries snapped 
to the forefront of his mind, the small boy yelped and collapsed back to the 
ground.  

"Good job, Son Goku," Kasuhito said, walking up to the Monkey-tailed Warrior 
with Krillin in his arms, "You've defeated Picollo Daimyo.  Though I didn't 
think he'd spawn a son before he died...  You'll have to deal with him too, when 
he grows up."

"Shimatta," Goku winced, half laughing, "Hey, how'd you know I had the power to 
beat him, Kasuhito-san?"

Kasuhito straightened his back, causing a glare to be cast across his glasses, 
"Come with me Son Goku, I'll get you and Krillin back to normal.  You'd better 
call the Kinto Cloud if you want to keep up."

"Hey, you didn't answer my question," Goku complained, still lying on the 
ground.

Kasuhito replied, "We will be going back to my house now.  You remember where it 
is don't you?"

"Hai," Goku groaned, frustratedly, "Kinto!"

About that time, the paralyzation spray that Kamesennin had used on Tienshinhan 
wore off.  The Triclops bounded from behind his cover and ran over to Kasuhito.

"Why did you let Kamesennin do that to me!" Tien shouted, "If I had been able to 
help, Goku and Krillin wouldn't have been hurt so badly, and Chaou-Tzu would not 
have died!  Why didn't you join the fight!"

"It was for the best, Tienshinhan.  You must trust our judgement.  Now, help me 
load Chaou-Tzu and Roshi-san's bodies into your jet," Kasuhito replied unfazed.

Tien fumed stormily, but agreed; producing the capsule containing his jet from 
his pocket, and disencapsuleted it.  The two loaded the corpses into the back of 
the small aircraft, and Kasuhito sat in the front, holding an unconscious 
Krillin.  Tien took off toward the Masaki Shrine, with Goku tagging along on the 
Kinto cloud.

##########

Shortly thereafter, the yellow capulse jet set down in a wooded clearing near 
the shrine.  Kasuhito, still carrying Krillin, and Tien piled out into the 
clearing.

"Well, what are we gonna do with Chaou-Tzu and Kamesennin?" Tien asked.

"Leave them here for now," Kasuhito replied, "We will bring them to the shrine 
once we are finished with Krillin and Son Goku."

Kasuhito began to carry Krillin along a path into the woods, and the Kinto 
cloud's rythmic thump could be heard above, signifying that Goku was following.

Tien followed Kasuhito, and asked, "I meant what are we going to do with them 
now Shen-ron is dead?  We can't wish them back to life anymore."

"Son Goku is a pupil of Karin, the God of Martial Arts," Kasuhito replied, "Once 
Goku is healed, I believe that Karin may be able to help us."

"Wakatta," Tienshinhan replied.

They continued to follow the path until they emerged before a large tree that 
was surrounded by a body of water.  There were stepping stones out to the tree 
itself, and wonder stories hung from it's branches.  Goku and the Kinto cloud 
swooped down next to the old Preist and the Triclops.

"This is Funaho," Kasuhito stated in his usual somber voice, "It is the holy 
tree of the Masaki shrine.  It is invested with several special powers including 
this: the water that flows from it's roots contains special properties.  If you 
combine it with other natural medicines, it will produce a special salve that 
greatly speeds the healing process."

"Tienshinhan," he continued, "Follow that trail to my house and ask my wife to 
bring some medicines from the house while I reset Krillin and Son Goku's broken 
bones.  Haiyaku."

"Hai," Tien agreed and sped of toward Kasuhito's house with blinding speed.

Tien returned shortly with Achika and Kasuhito's wife, Itsuke, and the old 
priest and his family quickly got to work patching up the young fighters.  
Piling their suplies out the trio set about grinding the herbs and mixing the 
saps that would go into the poultice, mixing the ingredients and, finally, 
adding the water emmanating from Funaho's roots, completing the thick salve.  

"Come, Son Goku, let's apply this to your wounds," Kasuhito invited, reaching 
out a healthy dollop of the heaing mixture, "This might sting some."

"Hai," Goku agreed holding out an injured arm for medication.

Shortly thereafter, the birds made a sudden startled flight from the trees as 
single noise echoed through the woods.

"GGUUUUUWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!"

##########

Well, there it is, Episode Five!  It looks like I'm gonna have to cut it in half 
again.  Oh well, that means more fic for all you!  ^_^  !/  Next fic will be the 
very last fic in the Original Series continuity...  No really!  I mean it this 
time!  I think I'll call it "No Need for Gods!".  Yeah that sounds good.  No, 
actually, I got a better idea!  Next fic will be "No Need for Nobuyuki!", and 
will feature Krillin, Kasuhito, Achika and the premier of Nobuyuki (well, duh)!  
And when Nobuyuki shows up, you know that Tenchi won't be very far away!  Expect 
to see HIS debut once I finish with Original Dragonball, which should be only 
two or three fics away!  Anywho, see y'all next fic.  As always, Send C&C to 
celtic_wolfman_42@yahoo.com

Side Dish: A Supplimentary Note
This fic is old.  I finished it a while ago, I've just been too damn lazy to 
post it...  I'm happy to say I'm no longer adicted to FF8!  I quit cold turkey 
(read: My little brother stole the Playstation before I could beat the game).  
Don't worry, I still hate Irvine...  stupid bastard, grrrrr...  Anyway, ja ne!
