 This is the standard disclaimer that all fanfics get. 
The characters of Ranma ½ belong to Rumiko Takakashi. 
The characters of Sailor Moon belong to Naoko Takeuchi. 
This is  all for non-profit reasons, so please don't 
sue me. I don't have enough to make it worth while 
anyway. And now on with the story. 

Note: I know Ranma is acting out of character. The 
reasons why will be explained in memories and flashbacks 
throughout the story.  This is NOT an SI fic. 

From Weird to Weirder
A Ranma ½ and Sailor Moon Crossover 
By: Tomas Megerson
Send C & C and flames to nighthawktm@yahoo.com 

Chapter 1: Going Home  

The sun's shinning light had died down to a faint glow in 
the western sky.  Light raining from the full moon kept 
the street visible to those who walked it.  The crisp spring 
air held but the faintest touches of winter in it.  Shadows, 
drawn from the faintest touches of buildings darkend the land.  
Had anyone been on these streets they would have noticed two 
of the shadows seemingly come to life and flow down the road 
with the grace of dancers.

Two figures walked into the light. Behind them were the 
familiar streets leading to the Tendo Dojo. In front of 
them was their future. One was a familiar pig tailed boy. 
The other was a stranger to this city district.  Both had 
eyes that were far older than they were. Ranma Saotome looked
up at his taller friend. They had become close during the six
months they spent travelling together. They would stick together 
no matter what happened. He was glad he had someone to fall back 
on.  <He's nothing like Oyaji, I can trust him.  It's strange 
though.  I haven't been this close to anyone since Ucchan and 
I were younger.> 

"I still think you should have let me burn the place down Ranma! 
Those bastards deserve it. After all you went through, to toss 
you out like this!" 

"Calm down Tomas. It's better this way. I've spent two years 
trying to get out of this fiancée mess.  I never would have 
married that uncute tomboy.  It's funny, really.  During all 
that time part of my mind kept telling me that I loved that 
violent tomboy.  I would go and rescue her from anything.  
I destroyed my cure for her.  I even went so far as to kill 
for her.  During this trip, though, telling you all of the 
stories, I came to realize something.  I was thinking of her 
as an object to posess.  She was something given to me, the 
first thing that I didn't have to earn, and I was going to keep 
it, no matter what.  I saw something else as well.  I was an 
object to be possessed by them.  None of my fiancées wanted me 
because of who I am.  I was just something to be fought over. 
Now everyone is off my back. I've changed too much to accept that 
life. Hell, you've changed me too much. I never did think I would 
learn to hold my tongue. Even Akane never hit me as hard as you did 
every time I shot off my mouth. At least she never broke bones." 

"Hey that only happened twice. Now at least you take the time to 
stop and think about what you're saying. Sometimes.  Besides, think 
of all the times you've gotten to do the same to me."

"Yea, it was fun, but I still don't appreciate all the fights you 
got us into because of it. You always want to test your skills one 
way or another. I still don't understand how you can get us into so 
many fights that don't concern us. " 

"It's a gift, really. On the bright side, if I hadn't gotten us 
into all those fights, Happosai may have beaten us. Look at where 
you were when we met, and look at yourself now.  It was as good as 
that Breaking Point training you told me about.

Ranma's mind back to that fateful day when he and Tomas battled. 

He knew that he was faster, but Tom had more strength and endurance 
than he did. The battle had be hard and grueling with ki attacks 
flying. Fist and feet slammed together trying to break through  the 
defenses of the other. Finally Ranma got fed up and started to put 
everything he had into the Hiryu Shoten Ha. He began to move around 
his opponent in a spiral fashion. Tom followed him sending punch after 
punch and kick after kick. There were a number of close calls but 
finally it was time. Even as he released his attack, Tomas screamed 
an attack of  his own, his ever-potent Phoenix Rising Inferno. Even 
as the two attacks collided, a huge tornado made of pure fire erupted 
around them. After almost a minute and a half, it died down leaving 
the two battered and burnt warriors staring at one another. Then as 
one, they collapsed to the ground. After a quarter of an hour of 
hard breathing, Tomas got up and walked over to Ranma. Then again, 
it was more like stumbling towards Ranma.  Sitting down next to him 
he starts to question his rival. 

"So are you going to tell me why you're after the dwarf too or 
not?" 

"Why do you keep asking that?! You're working for him, so you ought 
to know why I'm after him!" 

"I'm not working for that perverted little freak of nature! I want 
to rip his head off and cram it down his neck! My first date in 
almost two years and he pops out of no where and glomps her! Before 
I can move he turns and hits me with a ki blast! My date faints and 
I look like an idiot! I'm going to kill that bastard if it's the last 
thing I do!" 

"Your lucky he only glomped her. He used some drugs on my fiancée 
that were supposed to make her his love slave. Thankfully it only 
put her in a coma. Once I get the antidote from the freak I can
bring her back." 

"So it seems where on the same side, huh. The enemy of my enemy is my 
friend and all that jazz. What do you say we work together. Two of us 
stand a better chance of kicking the little pervert's ass than only one." 

"I don't work with strangers. They can't be counted on to watch your 
back." 

"Fine. I'm Tomas Megerson, but please call me Tom. And you are?" 

"Ranma Saotome." 

"Well then Ranma since we're no longer strangers why don't we work 
together. Two are better than one in a situation like this." 

"Alright, but on one condition." 

"And that is?" 

"That we NEVER combine those two attacks again. That hurt like 
hell." With that simple statement the two young men shake hands. 

Coming out of that memory, Ranma looked up at his 'big brother' once 
again. He saw the experienced fighter he knew not the angry young man 
behind it. Tomas was about 6'4" with a thin build. Some would say he 
was too thin. He was also two years older than Ranma, but was in the 
same grade. He had been out of school for a while now. He didn't look 
it, but he was stronger the Ranma. Not by much, but it was noticeable 
during a fight. He wasn't as fast though. His speed lay some where 
between Ranma's and Ryouga's. He was wearing the same thing he always 
wore. A pair of jeans, a black tee shirt loose, and denim jacket. He 
wore a plain black baseball cap backward with his bangs hanging on the 
outside. He had sandy blonde hair that fell around his head. He never 
could get it in any type of style. He wasn't strikingly handsome, but 
he would always get more than one look from the girls. He had sharp 
blue eyes, which seemed to see everything all at once. They seemed to 
change with his mood. They could be the soft blue of the sky or as 
hard as ice in the North Pole. Right now they looked like they could 
freeze hell over. Ranma sighed. These were just the first of his problems. 
Tomas was a bigger trouble magnet then he was. He could get into a fight 
at the drop of a hat. In fact, any number of times he did just that. He 
hated it when someone took his cap from him. <Hell, we're probably still 
wanted in that small town in China. I can't believe he broke that many 
bones in that guy just because he flipped his cap off.> He also had a 
very hot temper. He wouldn't stand by and let problems happen. He threw 
himself into them to try and end them. He almost always succeeded. 
Normally, though, there was more than one person out like a light. <Oh, 
well, at least he doesn't draw blood for the majority of them.> With that 
thought Ranma turned back towards the road ahead. 

Tom turned toward his friend. Ranma was shorter by a good six to eight 
inches. He had his black hair tied into a pigtail. He wore a red shirt 
and black pants, both of Chinese make. His clothing allowed for easier 
movement and no restrictions. He was well built, muscular without being 
out of proportion. He too had striking blue eyes. They weren't shinning 
as they normally do, however. They had been totally clouded over with 
depression. And if that wasn't enough, behind the depression lay one of 
fear. Tom didn't know why, but he was beginning to think he had better  
find out. As they reached the end of the Nerima district Tom grabbed Ranma's 
arm and turned him around. "You realize that you're not going back, right?" 
he asked in a concerned voice. "This towns empty of anything that you want. 
But Ukyou is still there, and you know how she feels." 

"I know.  The problem is that I don't feel the same about her.  Being with 
her would only ruin her life.  She deserves someone who truly loves her. 
Mr. Tendo threw me out of the only place I could call home for the last 
two years. Pops ran away not long after Akane did. He couldn't bear the 
thought of his dream shattered. Shampoo got deported for attacking Akane 
while she was in the coma. Oh, and Akane is most likely sleeping with 
Ryouga, wherever the hell they are. I still can 't believe that she let 
Ryouga lead them.  They're probably in the Antarctic by now.  There is 
nothing left for me here. Lets go. I want to get out of this hell hole 
as fast as possible.  I want to start over." 

"Just one question Ranma, where are we going anyway?" 

"To the Juuban district. That's where my mother lives. Its time to go see 
her. I figured that if I'm going to start over, I want to try to settle 
with her. Hopefully I can get her to void out that stupid contract pops 
made me sign and except me for who I have become. You coming with me?" 

<Well, at least I know what he's scared of now, not that it is a good 
thing.> "Of course. The pact we made said till death. Besides I got a 
good feeling about this. At least we should be able to get a free meal 
if nothing else. We just got to make sure to ask for food before you 
give your life's history. 

"I still think that she'll kill me because of that stupid curse. How can 
I be a man amongst men when I change into a girl when splashed with cold 
water? This stupid curse is a death sentence for me." 

"Quite frankly I think your exaggerating. I can't believe that any mother 
would force her only son to commit seppuku. Especially when it's not his 
fault. Your father got you into this mess. In my opinion your mother will 
have a way to get you out. I think it's one of those universal law or 
something."  

"My mother is very honor bound. She may not be as bad as Pops with the Tendo 
mess, but she still places honor as a high priority." 

"Well, the only way to find out is to do it. Lets get moving." With that 
the two young men walk towards the Juuban district and a place they hope 
they may be able to call home. 

****************************************************************************************

The sun rises into the sky as the two tired, hungry, young men approach 
a modest looking home. All around the front porch were flowers of every 
variety. Just before ringing the doorbell Ranma stopped and looked at 
Tomas. "Well, this could be the end. I hope that feeling you've got is 
right." So saying he pushes the button twice. They wait for only a few 
moments, but for Ranma it is an eternity. A middle-aged woman answers 
the door. She still shows signs of great beauty. She looks the two boys 
over and suddenly her eyes go wide with shock. "Ranma? Is it really you? 
Have you finally come home to me?" 

Both Ranma and Tomas bow to her, and Ranma speaks. "Yes, mother, I've 
finally come home. It's great to see you." 

Nodoka's eyes fly open wider than is thought possible. "My son." She 
whispers and grabs Ranma in a bear hug. "Oh my son you've returned at 
last! Bring your friend in. Who is he? Where is Genma? Why has it taken 
so long for you to return? Where have you been all these years? What 
has happened in your life?" 

Seeing his mother on the verge of collapse, Ranma tried to calm her 
down. "Relax Mom, I'll explain it all. Just sit down in the dining 
room. I'll give you the whole story. Uh, mom, do you mind if we fix 
ourselves something to eat before we start? We haven't had anything 
since lunch yesterday. 

"Of course dear. If you haven't eaten in so long get some food. I 
wouldn't want you to faint on me while your telling the story." 

"Hey, Ranma, you start telling the story and I'll go get us some food. 
Its long enough as it is, and there's only so much time in a day.  Be
 back in a few." Even as Tomas said this, he gently  pushed Ranma into 
a chair across from his mother. Then he headed off into the kitchen. 

Ranma gathered his courage and started his story. "Well, I guess I'll 
start by answering your questions. I've been living in the Nerima 
district for the past two years. Me and pops were almost always somewhere 
around the Tendo Dojo. As for where Pops is now, I haven't got a clue. He 
ran out on me. Suffice to say I want that entire part of my life closed. 
After I tell you my story, my life will be a clean slate to start off on." 

At this point Tomas returned with a pile of food. He sat down next to 
Ranma and put the plate in between them. As they both begin to eat (at 
a normal pace), Ranma continues answering the questions. "This is Tomas 
Megerson. He's more than a friend though. We're like brothers. In the 
past six months we've seen living hell and stood together. We saved each 
other's lives more times than I care to count. You know, Mom, he's the 
first guy that I have ever trusted with my life. He's the first true 
friend I've had in a long time.

Nodoka looked Tom over and than smiles warmly. "I'm glad to see that 
my son has such a high opinion of you. I must ask, however, what do 
your parents think of all this? They must be worried about you. Maybe 
you should call home to let them know you are alright." 

Tom's eyes faze over with pain for a moment before he replies. "Both 
of my parents are dead. They where returning home from the airport when 
a drunk driver hit their car. They both died instantly. I was an only 
child and my grandparents where already dead. I couldn't stand home 
anymore; there were too many memories. So I left. Haven't been back to 
the States since. It's been almost two years now. Ranma's my best 
friend and I would prefer to stay with him." 

"I'm sorry to here about your parents deaths, but you must be strong 
to have pulled through so well. Many would have broken under the pain.  
You seem to be a fine young man, and I'm sure they would be proud of you." 

	"Thank you, Mrs. Saotome. It means a lot to me, really." 

	All right then, Ranma tell me where you've been the past ten 
years. I want to hear it all."  

Ranma started by telling her about the Neko-ken training.  He then went 
on to his training trip, China (minus his and his pops curse), the fiancées, 
his battles, Happosai's spell on Akane which was the reason he had been gone 
for eight months, his fight with Tom, their final battle with Happosai, and 
his return home to find everything had changed. He concluded with his 
being thrown out of the Tendo's. After all this, he turned and looked at 
Tomas. "Would you mind go getting the water? I need to show Mom this, not 
just tell her." 

	"Sure thing, Ranma." With that Tomas headed into the kitchen 
once more. 

	"Son, tell me what you meant by that? What do you have to show 
me and what does water have to do with it?" 

	Even as Nodaka spoke these words, her eyes narrowed into slits. 

	"Well, Mother, when Pops and I were on that training trip we 
went to a place called Jusenkyo. It is in China and has a thousand 
cursed pools in it. There was, well, an accident." Even as he spoke 
these words Tom entered with the water, one of cold and one of hot. 
"Pops fell into the spring of drowned panda.  When he leapt out of the 
water, well, I froze and he hit me into another spring.  Tom, pour the 
cold water on my head please." 

	Even as the cold water dripped off of him, Ranma became a red  
headed girl, with a body that many women would kill for, even though 
she was short. He, or perhaps she, spoke again in a higher voice. "Spring 
of drowned girl.  Well, mother, what do you think of your son now?" 

	"You can reverse it, right? It's not permanent is it? After all 
you did arrive male." Even as she said this, Tom splashed Ranma with the 
hot water. She changed back into a he. 

`"It's water activated. Cold water turns me into a girl. Hot water 
turns me back into a guy." 

	Nodaka was shocked. To have any one live through all that her 
son did was incredible. For it all to come from a 16-year-old boy was 
even more so. Then the perfect way to answer him came to her mind. She 
got up and went to the fireplace. She drew out a document and showed it 
to Ranma. He blanched wen he saw it was the contract he and Genma signed. 
Then she tossed it into the roaring flames of the fire and said, "That 
piece of garbage never happened. You are my son. To have lived through all 
that you have without breaking is incredible. You are truly a man amongst 
men." 

	It was at that point that Ranma broke down. All the stress and 
now the relief of having his mother back overloaded him. He started to 
cry. Tom took one look at Ranma, one look at his mother, and quietly 
left the room to allow Nodaka to comfort her son. As he headed out to 
the back yard, he sighed and stretched his tired muscles.  All of the 
pain and fear could now leave his friend.  That alone was worth all the
money he could get his hands on.  Even as he looked at the sun, he realized 
that It took almost four hours for Ranma to tell his whole story.  <At least 
we both have a place that we can call home.>
