----------------------------------------------------------------------------
It's disclaimer time:
What your about to read is a fan-fiction, which means it's based on the 
"Tench Oav" anime and the
"No Need for Tenchi!" graphic novels, plus the Dragon ball and Dragon ball Z 
anime.  And they
are copy righted by (Tenchi oav) pioneeer & Hitoshi okuda, (Tenchi novel) 
Viz industry & Hitoshi
okuda, (Dragon ball and Dragon ball Z anime) and Toei Animation & Akira 
Toriyama.  Lady Maria,
Cy-clones, Lady D.J., Chris Templeman, Lord Mordor the 1st and the 2nd are 
owned by the author
Will L. John.  This Fan-fiction was written and design for fun and to pass 
the time at my boring and
under paying job.  I'm working two jobs to pay for collage and my truck 
payments.  So if any
lawyers reads this and have a problems with it... Sorry, I'm just have a bad 
habit of upsetting
everyone around me so please relax and just put the pen down, sueing me will 
not solve anything...
Have a nice day :)


"A FATHER AND SON'S BETRAYAL"
CHAPTER ONE

	"Sasami.  Sasami?!?"  A young woman called out standing at the base of 
stairs in a house
looking up at the 2nd floor.  On the 2nd floor she could see a door by the 
stairs, a hallway leading
deeper in the house, and another set of stairs leading to the third floor.  
The young lady calling out
for Sasami was Ayeka, the first crown princess of the Juria, she appeared to 
have to the body of an
18yr old, but in reality she was over 700 years old.  Sasami was her younger 
sister she too was over
700 yrs old but appeared to be 9 years, she was youngest of three children 
of the current king of
Juria.  Ayeka climbed the stairs to the second floor looking for her sister, 
as she reached the hallway
she could hear running water from the end of the hallway.  Looking down the 
hallway she could see
a door half way down on her left side, and a second door at the end, which 
was the bathroom door.
Ayeka began to smile to herself thinking <that's where she is>.  As Ayeka 
walked down the hall she
could hear her sister laughing and she could also hear someone else giggling 
behind the bathroom
door at the end of the hallway.  Surprised Ayeka put her ear up to the door, 
there was no doubt it
was her sister in the bathroom but who else was in there she wondered.  
Ayeka knocked on the
door and called out to her sister, "Sasami are you in there?"  After a few 
seconds of silence Sasami
replied to her sister's question,  "Yes Ayeka, I'm in here."  "Sasami it's 
starting to get late and it's
almost bed time, what are you doing and are you in there alone?"  Ayeka 
could hear more giggling
after a few more seconds Sasami replied with her answer.  "No sister, 
Mihoshi and Ryoko are in
here with me and."  Before Sasami could finish her sentence Ayeka quickly 
jumped in.  "Ryoko!!!"
Ayeka raised her voice, "what is that MONSTER doing in there with you."

	Ryoko was a former space pirate, who served a 700 years sentence on Earth 
inside a cave
by the house.  Over 700 yrs ago Ryoko was once the most feared and wanted 
criminal in the galaxy.
In her final days she attacked the planet Juria and left for Earth with a 
young warrior on hot pursuit
after her, they battled across space until they reached Earth.  After 
reaching Earth the young warrior
named Yosho fought with Ryoko until he defeated her and enclosed her in the 
cave outside a shrine
that is now his home.  After being trapped in the cave for over seven 
centuries Ryoko was released
by a young man who was exploring the cave, in search of a legendary demon.  
After he's first
encounter he quickly realized that Ryoko was the demon.  Scared by the sight 
of Ryoko the young
man ran in fear, but this was not his last encounter, not by far.  A short 
time later the young man met
the demon again at his high school, but this time the demon didn't look 
anything like before.  In the
cave Ryoko looked like a decaying mummy wearing a mask, she was slow moving 
and the smell
was dreadful.  But at the school Ryoko was sight to be seen, her skin glowed 
in the moonlight, her
body was young and firm in all the right places.  The sight of her drew the 
young man closer to the
point where she gave him her name.  Her voice was soft and soothing when she 
told him her name.
"Ryoko. My name is Ryoko."  The young was man was Tenchi Masaki, he was 
totally focused on
her voice, her figure, her glowing eyes. Glowing eyes, Tenchi stepped back " 
Your.  Your that
freeze dry demon!"  Tenchi nearly shouted, and this started a small but 
highly destructive battle at
Tenchi's high school.

	"What is that MONSTER doing in there with you."  Ayeka waited for a 
response, as she
reached for the bathroom door handle, the door sudden flew open.  Ayeka 
looked up and started
screaming "AHHHHHHHHHH!!!"  As Ayeka was screaming she was stumbling back 
tripping
over her own nightgown and landing in front of the bedroom door in the 
middle of the hall.  Trying
to regain her composer Ayeka reached up and grabbed the door handle to pull 
her up.  As she
pulled herself up half way the door open and jerked Ayeka inside, with a 
heavy thud Ayeka landed
on her forehead.  Trying to hold back the tears Ayeka pushed herself up on 
to her knees and started
rubbing her head.  Unable to hold back the tears any long Ayeka bust out 
loud in tears "why must I
suffer this kind of disgrace?"  "Oh my" Ayeka heard behind, as she turned 
around to see who it
was, she was smacked in the face with a light blue bathrobe.  Before Ayeka 
could say anything two
more women ran past her in to the room, one slammed her up against the door. 
  Ayeka looked to
see what was going on and saw three women standing around a familiar young 
man sitting on his
bed holding his left foot. "Tenchi!"  Ayeka cried out loud.

	Outside the house twenty miles away, a young man is running through the 
woods trying
to find the source to the light he saw an hour ago.  The man is covered in 
blood, breathing heavily,
while jumping over bushes and logs.  The young man stops for a minute 
pulling out two handguns
from the holsters hanging off his sides.  He quickly scans the area behind 
him searching for some
kind of invisible hunter.  Satisfied of not seeing anything the young man 
dropped to his knee
inspecting his z2100 ultra high power magnums, above each of the triggers he 
finds a red screen
on each of the hand guns, "27 and 9 rounds left".  The young man said softly 
to himself while
holstering one his guns and pulling out a compass.  The digital compass read 
180deg south, "I`m
still on target.  I hope I get there soon, I really need a bath and bed to 
sleep in."  After putting the
compass back in his pocket the young man stood up and took another quick 
look around and
started running the direction he was heading for the last 5 hours.  His name 
is Chris Templeman,
for the last 8 days Chris had been running from those who promised him 
redemption from his
sins, who promised him a new life, enough money to start all over in a new 
town and away from
everything that haunted his dream.  All he had to do was to be open-minded 
to some new age
medical upgrades, chemicals that would increase his strength, speed, and 
agility.  Plus he had to
collect some ancient orbs, steal some technology from a giant corporation, 
and then his dreams
would come true.

	But with any deal no matter how big or small, Chris should of read the 
small print.  As
his new adventure began, Chris found some pretty strange aliens chasing him 
and living what he
called a dream come true.  But shortly later his dream turned in to a real 
nightmare for the chase
turned into a deadly manhunt.  Breaking in to the lab for the data was the 
easy part, getting out
proved to be harder then he planned, with a couple of flash and sonic hand 
grenades Chris
escaped with his first of many cuts and bruises to come.  The several days 
followed was full of
constant battles and betrayals.   Soon Chris didn't know who to turned to 
and who to believe, at
the end Chris cashed in the prize for himself and started running, hoping 
he'll live long enough to
see the next day and come up with a plan of what to do next.  But Chris 
realized no matter where
he was hiding, someone found him within several hours of resting.  After the 
third day of running
Chris found a homing device on his armor that he was given, dropping 
everything but his weapons.
Chris was now able to stay one step ahead of his chaser until he made the 
mistake of checking in a
small town hospital.  On the second night at the hospital Chris was awaken 
by the sound of
explosions and gunfire.  Not taking any chances Chris jumped out of his bed 
and out of the 2nd
floor window, running into a pine forest near by.  Chris ran for several 
hours until he passed out
from the drugs the doctors gave him early that day.  After coming through 
Chris found himself in
a forest surrounded by trees that he did not recognize, when he passed out 
Chris could remember
smelling the pines needles from the pine forest. Lying next to him was a 
black bag; inside the bag
Chris found a first aid kit, some new clothes and a small computer the size 
of a pocket organizer
with a letter attached.  Chris was confused about how he ended up in a 
different forest but wasted
no time changing from the hospitals garments in to some real clothes.  After 
changing Chris
opened the letter on top of the small computer and read

Dear Mr. Templeman,

It was come to my attention of your awful situation; even though I can't 
help you personally right
now I can give you a push in the right direction.  Inside the black backpack 
you should find a small
computer, a compass, a canteen of water, a large blanket, a pair of 
sunglasses with instructions and
some nutritional bars.  This should be enough until you find me, I'll be 
waiting for you in town 182
degrees south of your current location.  And please don't worry about 
trusting me; if I wanted to
hurt you, you would be in the next dimension by now.  I'll be waiting for 
you at tea Time.

Sincerely,
Your guardian angel.
P.s. your new guns are behind you.

	Chris stood up and noticed a gun belt behind him with two holsters and two 
fairly large
handguns in them.  Chris bent down to pick up the gun belt and put it on, 
after tightening the belt Chris
looked at his new guns and clothes and gave them a slight frown, "Just who 
the hell am I, A Lora Craft
look alike or a modern day cowboy?  Who ever is helping me, we need to sit 
down and talk about
fashion taste."  Chris was wearing a black short sleeve shirt with a black 
pair of loose fitting pants
and a pair of black boots.  "Black is not my normal taste but. I should be 
able to hide better at night
now" Chris turned to the backpack and pulled out a sunglasses case with 
another note attached to it.
Chris opened the letter and found the instructions he read about earlier, as 
Chris open the sunglasses
case he found the sunglasses and a small tan device that looked like a 
hearing aid. Now that his
interest was peaked he decided to see what it was, the fist step in the 
direction was to put on the
sunglasses on and insert the earpiece. "DUH" Chris said out load while doing 
so. Step two; turn
on personal aide computer.  Chris reached in the bag again and pulled out 
the small computer and
turned it on, as he did the tint in the glasses faded away and Chris could 
see clearly again.  A few
seconds later Chris was stunned to see numbers and letter flashing on the 
lens of the glasses.
Chris quickly pulled them off,  "What the hell is going on, now what?"  
Completely stunned by
what he saw the glasses dropped on the ground, Chris bent over to pick them 
up and notice the
outside lens were tinted, <they must of changed back> Chris said to himself. 
As he flipped them
over to put them on again Chris notice the tint was gone again and so was 
the numbers and letter
flashing on the lens. Chris flipped the glasses back and forth a few times 
while growing more of a
stunned look on his face,  "O.k. I'm completely lost now."  Chris said out 
loud.  "Well, maybe I can
help you."

	Chris turned to his left side and pulled out one of his new hand guns, "Who 
ever you are,
you better step out slowly or I will shoot."  "If you're going to shoot, 
shouldn't you remove the
safety on your gun?"  Chris held up the gun and notice the safety switch was 
on, Chris flipped it
off and called out to the female voice,  "Since you like giving advices why 
don't step out and give
them where I can see you, where are you?"  "I'm in your hand and in you 
ear."  Chris looked at the
gun in his hand, "Your other hand."  The female voice called out.  Chris 
turned to his other hand
and notice he was still holding the small computer.  "The ear piece" Chris 
said softly, "That's right,
with the ear piece I can talk to you and hear everything around you.  I'm 
your personal mini
computer and aide.  I can be design to any special need you have and I can 
read and understand all
current writing and languages used in the world.  Plus many, many more 
functions that would take
hours to explain, for example the glasses your wearing looks like normal 
sunglasses to any person
looking at you.  But to wearer the vision is clear and only he of she can 
see the data on the lens, plus
what ever you see, I see." Chris just stood there not knowing what to say or 
do, "who are you?"
Chris asked while staring at the computer.  "I don't have a name yet, each 
personal aide computer
is usually given a name by the user it was created for."  Chris didn't 
understood what was going
but decided not to hang around the area any longer. As he started looking 
around Chris heard
something coming from the bushes in front of him, he slowly lifted his gun 
at the direction of the
bush in front of him.  "Would you like to know what the object is?"  The 
female voice rang in his,
"excuse me, what are you talking about?"  Chris asked, "The glasses you're 
wearing has night
vision, thermo vision, and several other scanning tools, with them you can 
see a digital enhanced
image on your lens."

At that instant an image of a four-legged creature appeared on the lens for 
Chris to see.   Chris bent
down to pick up a rock and his new backpack; Chris throws the rock at the 
bush.  After a soft thud
and yelp was heard, Chris saw a small dog running off in the woods.  Chris 
just smiled and turned
around to walk the opposite direction the dog was heading, after taking 
several steps Chris saw two
arrows appear on his sunglasses lens pointing up.  Chris looked up and saw 
six humanoid figures in
the treetops, after seeing them a short and bloody battle began.  After the 
battle was over Chris
grabbed the compass in his bag to find the direction given to him in the 
first letter he read earlier
headed south. After four hours of running and climbing Chris stood on top of 
a mountain or large
hill, he couldn't tell; there he saw a small dim light.  Chris believed this 
was the town he was told to
look for, now it's been almost an hour and half since he saw the light and 
he's still running, jumping,
climbing, and wishing for a bed and a hot bath to rest in.

	Ayeka was sitting in a chair across the room from the bed that was in front 
of her; on the
bed was a young man in a great deal of pain.  Sitting next to him were a 
middle age man and several
women, all of them showing great concern for the young man in bed.  His name 
is Tenchi Masaki a
truly lucky/unlucky (depending how you look at it) teenage boy whose life 
has been anything but
normal or quite.  Now you would normally believe he was the luckiest guy on 
earth, living with five
highly beautiful women, two showing no signs of shame of wanting him in more 
then a friendly way.
Truly a lucky a guy as long as you ignore the fact all five of them are from 
another world and the two
who wants him most are blowing up parts of his house just so they can 
eliminate any and all
competition to be with him, and god help him if he decided to pick one of 
them over the others.
Tenchi raised his head a little and spoke to the man on his left side, 
"Sorry but I guess I won't be
able to go to town for you tonight like I was promised".  The man next to 
Tenchi was, Tenchi's
father Nobuyuki Masaki, "don't worry about your foot, I'll let you borrow my 
old crutches so you
don't have to walk on it.  AHAHAHAHHH!!!"  Tenchi shook his head, and stared 
at the red head
at the end of his bed.  "How bad is my foot Washu?"  Washu looked up from 
the computer in front
of her over Tenchi's left foot, "There's no doubt about it, your foot has 
several hair line fractures."
Washu started typing on her computer and a black hole appeared above her and 
a white boot
popped out, Washu quickly grabbed the boot and held it above Tenchi's foot.  
"Tenchi I need
you to lift your leg a little so I can but this on your foot."

	Tenchi looked at the strange plastic boot, "What is it Miss Washu?"  Washu 
looked up at
Tenchi and squeezed one of his toes on the foot already in pain,  "How many 
times do I have to ask
you to not to call me MISS!!" squeezing Tenchi's baby toe harder "WASHU.  
it's just Washu or you
can call me. LITTLE WASHU!!!"  Tenchi's face lit up with more pain, "I'm 
sorry LITTLE WASHU
let go, please let go!"  "Much better." Washu said smiling while letting go 
of Tenchi's baby toe.
"This is my newest invention, this boot works like a cast, but it's also 
helps speed up the healing
process of broken bones."  Tenchi's heart suddenly filled with dread, <Oh 
god, not another one
her crazy invention> Tenchi thought to himself while staring at the self 
proclaimed "GREATEST
SCIENTIFIC GENIUS IN THE UNIVERSE."  Tenchi slowly lifted his foot off the 
bed with help
from his father, as he did Washu slowly slid the boot over Tenchi's left 
foot and turned to her
computer and started typing again.  As she did this, the boot started 
shrinking and it was giving
off a low green light for about 30 seconds.  "There, it should take no more 
then 37 hours for ever
thing be good as new."  "37 HOURS!!!" Tenchi nearly yelled.  "I have the 
fields to take care of
tomorrow and what will I tell grandpa, if I miss one more morning practice, 
he promised to come
after me where ever I'm at.  "Well Tenchi I can give you a hand with the 
fields after I get home for
work." Nobuyuki said while heading for the door, "As for your  grandfather. 
I know you can figure
something out." Nobuyuki started laughing again as he left Tenchi's room 
followed by Washu.

	Tenchi started looking around the room to see who was left, standing next 
to him was
a Ryoko wearing a red bath robe, beside her was Sasami wearing a blue bath 
robe, behind Sasami
was Mihoshi, wearing a white bath robe.  Across the room Tenchi noticed 
Ayeka sitting in a chair
staring at him with sad look on her face,  "Ayeka please don't look so sad, 
I'll be o.k."  Ayeka
stood up and walked over to sit next to Tenchi on the bed.  Ayeka lower her 
head staring at her
feet, "Tenchi.  I'm.  I'm sorry about your foot."  Ayeka said sadly.  "It's 
alright Ayeka, I know
you didn't mean to do it, how is your head?"  Tenchi asked.  Ayeka started 
rubbing her head,
"It's a little sore, thank you for asking."  "I'm surprised it hurts at all 
considering how thick headed
she is." Ryoko whisper to Mihoshi, " Oh yes, I know what you mean" Mihoshi 
replied back.
Ayeka Turned around giving Ryoko and Mihoshi a look of disgust, "What did 
you say miss
Ryoko?"  Ryoko raised a hand, waving Ayeka off, "Oh. Nothing I have not said 
before."  Ryoko
started giggling, Mihoshi on the other hand kept quite and quickly moved to 
right side Sasami,
knowing too well what would happen next.  Tenchi also knew what was about to 
happen and
decided to use his injuries to his advantage to keep his house in one piece, 
  " Ayeka, Ryoko
please stop, I can't handle this tonight, I need to figure out what I'm 
going to do for the next
two days."  Tenchi pulled himself to an up-right position; Ayeka noticing 
Tenchi moving and
jumped to her feet so she could grab the pillow behind him, "Here let me 
help you Tenchi." "No way
Ayeka, you'll just end up hurting him again. Here Tenchi let me help you 
instead."  Ryoko shouted as
she shoved Ayeka aside.  "No way Ryoko, Lord Tenchi wants me to take care of 
him, not a monster
like you." Ayeka blasted back.

	As Washu and Nobuyuki reached the first floor the war upstairs over who 
will take care
of Tenchi was well started.  Washu just shook her head and started walking 
to the door to her lab,
"hmmm.  I wonder what they're looking at?"  Washu turn around to see 
Nobuyuki looking out the
window, she walked next to him to see a old man and cabbit (half cat and 
rabbit) outside staring
towards the west side of the house.  Nobuyuki looked down to the red head 
scientist next to him,
"Shall we go see what they're looking at little lady?"  Nobuyuki stood there 
for few seconds waiting
for an answer, but Washu seemed to be lost in thought, < I wonder if it as 
anything to do with the
reading I got earlier today > Washu thought to herself. After a few seconds 
Nobuyuki's words started
ringing in her ears, "Yes. lets go see what's going on outside."

	Outside the house a cabbit started sniffing the air and turns to the older 
man, "meoow.
Meow meow."  The older man looks down at the fur ball, a foot tall.  "I see, 
there is no need to
worry Ryo-oh-ki, I see no reason to fear anything right now." The cabbit 
turned her head around as
it heard the door to the house open, as the door open a red head girl 
stepped out followed by middle
age man. The old man turned around to take quick glance as well, " Washu, 
son-in-law how is
Tenchi?"  " Tenchi will be fine, he just need to stay off his feet for two 
days.  His foot is pretty
swollen and He has several hairline fractures.  I suggest you hold off your 
swordplay until he's foot
100% better Lord Katsuhito." Washu stated as she walked up to the old man.  
She bent down to
pick up the half cat and rabbit Ryo-oh-ki, "What are you looking at hmm?" As 
Washu asked her
question the cabbit started getting excited and jumped on to Washu's 
shoulder and started pointing
to the road with it's rabbit like ears.  Washu with everyone else outside 
turned to the direction that
Ryo-oh-ki was pointing.  Washu suddenly felt a chill run up and down her 
spine when she saw a
lonely stranger walking down the road towards the house. "Is it just me or 
did it suddenly get cooler?"
Nobuyuki asked out loud to no one in particular, Washu just stood there in 
shock.  <With such a
high power lever, why didn't I notice it early?> Washu asked herself.  "It's 
not just you Nobuyuki
we all feel it too."  Washu said out load.  "Notice how you didn't feel 
anything until you saw our
wandering traveler?" Katsuhito said while turning to Washu.  "Yes, I should 
have been able to feel
its aurora long before I stepped outside" Washu replied back.  Everyone 
outside continue to watch
the stranger walking down the road until the stranger stopped at the end of 
the drive way leading to
the house.  The strange stopped and pulled something from it's side, but due 
to how dark it was at
night no one could tell what it was or what the stranger looked like.  All 
they could tell he/she was
covered from head to toe in dark robe like something a monk would wear.  " 
MEOW!
MEOOOW!!! MEOW!"  Ryo-oh-ki hissed out.  "Looks like we have company."  
Katsuhito said
out loud while watching the stranger turn to their direction and began 
walking towards them,
"Nobuyuki would you please go make some tea for our guest."

	Ryoko was beating Ayeka over the head with what remained of Tenchi's 
pillow, "NOW"
whack "LOOK" slam "WHAT" whack "YOU" slam "DID" whack "TO" slam "TENCHI'S" 
smack
"PILLOW" with each word Ryoko spoke, Ryoko continue hitting Ayeka.  Ayeka 
jumped to the
side and quickly grabbed the first thing she saw, a nice thick book laying 
on Tenchi's desk. Using
it, as a weapon Ayeka decided one good hit in the head deserves another and 
slammed Tenchi's
math book up side Ryoko head, sending her flying back and landing on 
Tenchi's legs and of coarse
his injured foot.  Tenchi's face instantly showing Mihoshi and Sasami hiding 
behind him the pain
he was feeling, "new pain" Tenchi said softly while tears where running down 
his face.  Ryoko
jumped to her feet and jumped in the air towards Ayeka, Ayeka stood like a 
batter at the plate
waiting for the right pitch and when Ryoko was a few feet away Ayeka swung 
at her with all her
might.  Ryoko smiled, and smashed her fist through the math book in to 
Ayeka's face sending her
flying back.  A giant sweat drop hanged downed from Tenchi's forehead, 
"Well.  At least I don't
have to finish my homework tonight" Tenchi said in a low voice.  Ayeka 
quickly raised her shields
preparing for Ryoko's next attacked, after a few seconds of nothing Ayeka 
lowered her arms and
open her eyes.  Ayeka saw Ryoko looking out the window, with little concern 
on her face. "I don't
care if we have company, I'm busy right now."  Ryoko said out loud while 
still looking out the
window in Tenchi's room.  As Ryoko turned to Ayeka, she found Ayeka foot 
planted in her face.

	After waiting what seems entirety, the road traveler finally made it up to 
the end of the
driveway and stood about twenty feet from Katsuhito, Washu and Ryo-oh-ki.  
Now they could get
better look at the stranger, the robe was light shiny blue, which glistened 
in the moonlight. On the
front of the robe appeared to be two waterfalls, one starting on each 
shoulder and continuing to
bottom of the robe, which was inch short from touching the ground.  On the 
chest area was some
kind creature, which resembled a dragon.  Circling the creature was strange 
marking and symbols.
The road travel reached up with its two hands and removed the hood covering 
the strangers face.
"Welcome, is there anything I can help you with miss?"  Katsuhito asked the 
woman standing in
front of him.  She had long dark blue hair and appeared to be in her mid 
30's. The woman lifted
her arm and lowered the sleeve on her right arm, revealing a watch, "10:30 
at night.  I'm sorry to
come at such a late time at night but I'm searching for a friend I have not 
seen for over 19 years.
But please, is this the Masaki shrine?"  Katsuhito smiled while stepping 
forward "yes this is the
Masaki shrine, who are you looking for?  I hope it's not me.  At my old age 
I have hard time
remember people. Ah ah ah" As Katsuhito finished laughing he took another 
look at the woman
smiling in front of him, "Now I think about it, I think we have met before 
have we not?"  The
woman bowed to Katsuhito, "Yes we have my prince, but that was more seven 
hundred years
ago."  Katsuhito was stunned for a second, Washu jaw dropped, speechless to 
say anything,
both in a state of shock.  And the state of shock only got worse when 
Ryo-oh-ki suddenly got
excited and jumped in the woman's arm and then on her shoulder.  Ryo-oh-ki 
began rubbing her
head against the woman's face,  "He he he.  Yes, yes Ryo-oh-ki I'm really 
happy to see you too."
The blue hair traveler said while grabbing Ryo-oh-ki with one hand and 
reaching in her robe with the
other hand and pulling out a giant size carrot.

	"See this carrot Ryo-oh-ki?"  "MEOOOW!!!"  Ryo-oh-ki eyes lit up at the 
sight of
the carrot; for it had to be at least twice the size of the largest carrot 
it has ever seen before now.
"I'll let you have it if you go get Ryoko for." Before the woman could say 
"me", the cabbit was
off and running in a mad dash for its master, shouting meow over and over on 
its marry way.
"She so cute." The woman said while watching Ryo-oh-ki running through the 
door that opened
to the house as if on cue. A second later Nobuyuki stepped out and saw the 
woman in the blue robe,
<finally a woman my age dropped by> Nobuyuki thought to himself as he walked 
over to Katsuhito
and Washu.  "Why is everyone standing outside, I have tea and cookies in the 
living room.  Lets go
inside and get to know each other a little better" "Thank you Mr. Nobuyuki I 
think that would be a
great ideal, this way I can talk to everyone at once." The traveler said 
while walking towards the
house with Nobuyuki.  "Lord Katsuhito, do you know who she is?"  Washu asked 
in a low voice.

	Ryo-oh-ki in pure bliss quickly hopped up the stairs and down the hall to 
Tenchi's
room, Ryo-oh-ki hopped in the room seeing Ryoko and Ayeka sitting on the 
floor staring at
each other. Hopping past Ayeka and jumping into Ryoko lap, "MEOW, MEOW, 
MEOW"
Ryo-oh-ki cried out.  "What is it Ryo-oh-ki?" Sasami asked while crawling 
off Tenchi's bed.
Ryo-oh-ki jumped off Ryoko's lap and hopped to the door and stopped outside 
the door,
"MEOOOW!"  With that Ryo-oh-ki took off down the hall towards her reward.  
Sasami took
off after Ryo-oh-ki to see what all the commotion was about, "wait 
Ryo-oh-ki!  What's going
on?"  Ryoko stood up and started running after Sasami and Ryo-oh-ki, "who's 
here with a giant
carrot Ryo-oh-ki?"  Ayeka also took off after Ryoko and Sasami to see what's 
going, "Ryoko
come back here, I'm not done with you yet."  Tenchi watched Ryoko and Ayeka 
run out of the
room with a stunned look on his face, "one minute they're fighting over who 
will take care of me,
next minute they're running off like I don't exists." "Yes, very strange." 
After hearing a voice
coming behind him, Tenchi just then notice someone was still in the room 
with him and they had
a hand on each of his shoulder.  Tenchi turned around to see the Mihoshi on 
the bed with him,
Mihoshi on her knees staring at the door looked down at Tenchi, "are you 
alright, Ryoko landed
on foot didn't she?"  Mihoshi noticed Tenchi was not answering and notice 
his face was red as a
tomato and saw a little blood running down his nose.  Mihoshi was puzzled 
until she saw that her
chest was the same level as Tenchi face, and the bathrobe she wearing was 
starting to come
undone revealing not all but a good portion of her breasts.  "OOOH dear." 
Mihoshi said while
covering herself and blushing as much as Tenchi was, Tenchi feeling guilty 
about staring at
Mihoshi for so long quickly turned around and wiped away the blood from his 
nose.  After
wiping the blood away Tenchi pushed himself off the bed and started limping 
towards the door not
to be left out the commotion going on down stairs.   Mihoshi jumped off the 
bed and ran over to
Tenchi, without a word Mihoshi grabbed one of Tenchi's arms and wrapped and 
it around her
shoulder, "here let me help you down the stairs," Mihoshi said.  Tenchi 
still feeling a little flushed
from seeing Mihoshi.  up close and personally, "Um. Mihoshi. about."  
Mihoshi started blushing
again too, "That's all right. I don't really mind. I mean.I." Tenchi could 
feel Mihoshi trembling as
she tried to find the words, "lets not mention this to any one else ok" 
Tenchi said while leaving the
room.  <Well at least she not acting like Ayeka or Ryoko, this isn't so bad> 
Tenchi thought to
himself.

	As Ayeka was running out of Tenchi's room she saw Sasami turning the corner 
heading
down the stairs, Ryoko was half way down and was slowing down.  When Ayeka 
reached Ryoko,
Ryoko had stopped in the middle in the hall and was white as ghost.  Ayeka 
started slowing down
after seeing Ryoko's face. She turned around and started walking towards 
Ryoko,  "it can't be her."
Ayeka barely heard under Ryoko's words.  Miss Ryoko, are you alright?" Ayeka 
asked while trying
to hide the concern she had for her in her voice.  Ayeka and Ryoko quickly 
turned their heads
towards the den when they heard Sasami yelling with great joy in her voice 
"LADY MARIA!!"
Ryoko started running again cursing under her breath, "she wouldn't dare 
show up here now, now
after all those years" Ayeka not knowing what's going on chased after Ryoko 
around the corner and
down the stairs.

	"Lord Katsuhito, do you know who she is?"  Washu asked in a low voice.  
Katsuhito.
walked in the house after Washu, "I believe I met her on Juria.  I can't 
remember too well."
Washu giggled a little, "I hope she not royalty, it would look bad for you 
and Juria."  Washu
remarked.  As they walked in the den Katsuhito could see someone one running 
down the stairs,
it was Sasami.  As Sasami reached the bottom of the stairs she watched the 
cabbit jump in the
air onto the shoulder of the woman wearing a light shiny blue robe.  The 
woman placed a carrot
in her hand on the table and grabbed the cabbit on her shoulder and held it 
up to her face, "did you
get Ryoko like I asked?"  The cabbit nodded its head with a big smile on its 
furry face.  "Well
then here is your carrot as I promised."  As the woman in the blue robe sat 
Ryo-oh-ki on the
table, she turned her head towards Sasami.  Sasami stopped in her tracks 
while starring at the
stranger in front of her, the stranger stood up straight and gave Sasami a 
big smile, "well, hello
little princes."  The stranger said while walking over to Sasami, stopping a 
few feet in front of
Sasami the stranger put a hand on each of her hips and gave Sasami a half 
smile and half angry
teasing look, "don't tell me your too big now to give me a hug.  I guess 
I'll just have to have a
small talk with lady Masaki and lady Funaho and tell them your getting too 
old to be giving us
hugs."  A smile started growing on Sasami face and with a great burst of 
excitement she cried
out "LADY MARIA!!" as she jumped in the woman's arms while giving her a hug.

	"Lady Maria. How could I forget?"  Katsuhito said.  Washu gave him a odd 
look, "who
is she?"  "She is the Supreme lady of the planet Genex-9 and she an outside 
advisor to the Juria
royal council" Katsuhito replied.  "Advisor huh.  I thought Juria pretty 
much stunk to themselves."
Washu asked while turning her head to second floor, there she saw Ryoko and 
Ayeka starting
down the stairs.  Ryoko had an uncomfortable look on her face while starring 
at Lady Maria.  As
Ryoko made it half down the stairs her chest nearly exploded from her heart 
coming close to
jumping out, with no warning Ayeka let out a cry with the same level of 
excitement as her younger
sister did "LADY MARIA!!"  Ayeka increased her speed bumping Ryoko up 
against the stair rails,
after reaching the 1st floor Ayeka sprinted next to Sasami and gave Lady 
Maria a bow.  "Princess
Ayeka, you grown up so much since the last time I saw you, but.  Your still 
not big enough not to
give me a hug little lady."  Lady Maria stepped over to Ayeka and they gave 
each other a hug, after
few seconds Lady Maria stepped back and took a long look at Ayeka and 
Sasami.  "I'm so happy
to see you two doing so well, it's been over 700 hundred years since we last 
seen each other.  How
are my favorite princesses doing?"  "We're doing fine." Ayeka and Sasami 
said at the same time,
surprised by answering at the same time both the princesses and Lady Maria 
started laughing
together.  Laughter came to a halt when Ryoko walked up behind Ayeka and 
Sasami and cleared
her throat loud enough for everyone to hear.  By then everyone was in the 
living room, Tenchi and
Mihoshi was starting to head down the stairs.  Lady Maria looked up from the 
two princesses and
gave Ryoko the same look Ryoko was giving her.  Not a sound was made as the 
two stared at each
other; Ryoko finally broke the silence, "it's been awhile Maria."  Ayeka 
spun around to Ryoko,
"THAT'S Lady Ma..." Ayeka quickly stopped when she felt Lady Maria hand on 
her shoulder,
"That's all right, Ryoko has my personnel permission to call me Maria."  
Ryoko turned her head
towards the window facing the lake and teleported outside within view for 
everyone to see.  "I
believe she wants to talk to me privately" with that Lady Maria teleported 
outside the house as
well, a few feet away from the lake.  "What's going on?  Who's that with 
Ryoko, Ayeka?"
Tenchi asked as he joined the others by the window.

	"Come now Ryoko you can't still be mad at me after all these years" Ryoko 
turned to
Maria, "you left me alone in that cave for nearly twenty years."  Lady Maria 
gave Ryoko a frown
and started walking to the lake, "I had to leave you for awhile, plus you 
were never alone, you had
Tenchi" Ryoko turned away from Maria, "it wasn't the same"  "Lady Maria 
stepped on the deck
stretching over the water a little, taking off her boots and socks Lady 
Maria sat down and splashed
her feet in the water for a second.  "Ryoko come here and sit next to me for 
a minute."  Ryoko
hesitated for few seconds then walked over to beside Maria,  "I starting to 
think I would never see
you again."  Maria turned to Ryoko "It must have been hard for you to spend 
over 700 hundred
years in a cold, dark, wet place with no chance or hope of escape.  It's 
enough to drive anyone
insane."  Ryoko felt her body tremble for a few seconds while she thought 
about the hell she
suffered.  "The worst part was the silence, the loneliness.  Not having 
anyone to talk to.  Expect
you."  Ryoko raised her head form the lake and turn to Maria.  Maria smiled, 
"you must not blame
Yosho for what happen and what he did, even though it was Katago who made 
you do those
unspeakable things on Juria. You still had a pretty long criminal rap sheet 
from before Ryoko."
Ryoko released a low sigh under her breath, "I hope you didn't come here to 
lecture me, anyways
way didn't you help me escape like you have before?"

	Lady Maria lowered her head and her stuck foot in the water again,  " 
because time was
short Ryoko.  I needed your full 110% attention and help.  I knew if you 
stayed in the cave long
enough you could avoid the Galaxy Police and the Juria court system and that 
means avoiding a
life sentence or the death plenty.  Besides think about it, you're a free 
woman now; you no longer
need to look over shoulder for the GP or for bounty hunters.  Plus if I did 
help you escape, you
would of never met that sweet young man your in love with."  Ryoko started 
glowing red in the
face after thinking about Tenchi, "how do know about Tenchi?" Ryoko asked.  
Maria's smile grew
larger as she leaned against a post behind her, "Ryoko are you blushing over 
a man?  Hehehe."
Ryoko turned her head away, "stop laughing at me" Ryoko demanded.  "I'm 
sorry my dear, I'm
just happy to see you in love." Lady Maria said while turning her head to 
the west, noticing several
lighting bolts in the distance.  "Looks like a storm is coming."  Ryoko 
stood up and took a glance
at the others standing at the window in the house, "That's not the only 
storm that is heading this way
is it?"  Maria turned her head to Ryoko, "No Ryoko, it's not.  What I have 
been warning you about
for a long time now is coming as well" Maria stood up and started putting on 
her socks and boots
again.  "What do they want?" Ryoko asked.

	At that same time in the woods near by three strangers to the area just 
made a discovery
that was truly gruesome.  "Looks like there was a small fight here a short 
time ago," a man said out
loud while picking up a hospital garment off the ground.  A woman walked up 
beside him taking a
glance around the area and what the man next to her was holding, "hmm. Do 
you think they got him
already or is he running around naked?" "Hey you two look what I found!" The 
man and woman
turned to a short man standing over one of several dead bodies that was in 
area.  The short man
rolled the body that was lying face down over and yelled out "HOLY 
SMOKES!!!"  "What is it
Krillin?"  The short man turned his head away from the horror he just saw.  
"Krillin, what is it?"
The woman asked again as she walked over to him, when she about five feet 
from the body she
notice their was no face on the head, in fact over half the head was gone. 
The woman just stood
their in fear unable to speak, suddenly she nearly jumped out of skin when 
she felt a hand on her
shoulder turning her away from the gruesome sight in front of her.  "He's 
face. It's. It's gone."
Was all she could say, the man standing in front of her had one hand on each 
of her shoulder
trying to keep the woman from breaking down emotionally, while watching the 
short man, Krillin
pick up a piece of paper off the ground. Krillin unfolded the paper and read 
the letter, "Looks like
someone else is looking for our friend" The man holding the woman shoulders 
in front of him
asked, "What does it say Krillin?"  The short man started clearing his 
throat, "Dear Mr. Templeman,
It was come to my attention of your awful situation." Krillin continued 
reading the letter to the end,
when he was done, Krillin started looking around again.  "I don't see 
anything mention in the letter.
So. I guess we should assume he's alive and he's heading south for the town. 
  What do you think
Goku?"  Goku nodded at the man half his size wearing the same clothes as 
him, black slip-on
boots, with orange loose fitting pant, and a black t-shirt underneath an 
orange sleeve-less heavy
shirt.  Goku looked down to woman in front of him, "hey Bulma.  Do you have 
a compass on
you?"

	The five-foot, light blue hair woman stepped back and reached in a pouch 
hanging off
her hip, "hold on Goku, hmm.  Here we go."  Bulma wearing a long sleeve blue 
shirt and a pair of
kakis pants pulled out a compass and started turning a dial on top, "hey 
Krillin what was the
direction again?" "182 degrees south Bulma, hold on let me check the letter 
again.  "I'll be waiting
for you in town 182 degrees south of your current location." That's correct 
182 degrees south, but
how do we know this is the "current" location."  Goku took another look at 
the hospital garment,
"this garment is still clean and has not been torn up, I'm thinking after 
"MR.TEMPLEMAN" changed
in to his new clothes he discarded this before he was attacked, other wise 
there would be blood on
it too."  "Anyways, 182 degrees south is that way," Bulma said while 
pointing to a mountain.
"Well we better get moving before some else finds our new friend."  Goku 
said while picking up
Bulma in his arms and turned to Krillin, "I'll caring Bulma for awhile now, 
lets continue keeping our
power levels down until we now what's going on and who were dealing with."  
"Sounds good to me,
I hope to we catch this guy soon.  I sure would like to know what is going 
on here, it's starting to
remind me of a bad soap opera show for TV."  As the two started heading 
south running (Goku
now caring Bulma) at speeds faster then most humans, Bulma started thinking 
about what Krillin
said and about the first time she meet the man she now knows as Mr. 
Templeman.

She met him about a week ago as her and Goku was searching a temple in a 
thick jungle in the middle
of nowhere.  Inside she was walking down a hall in the temple looking for 
Goku who she lost a short
time ago when she fell through a trap door.  After falling down ten feet 
Bulma looked up and notice
the trap door was closing showing no evidence of her where about.  Bulma 
continued walking down
the hall with her flashlight when she saw some torches hanging off the wall 
that was lit. <I wonder if
Goku is down here, > Bulma thought to herself. After walking to end of the 
hall Bulma notice
sunlight entering a chamber to her left, another chamber was to right but it 
was pitch black.  Paying
no attention to it Bulma walked in the chamber to her left and saw a hole in 
the ceiling about four
feet in radius.  As Bulma entered she was suddenly knocked down to the 
ground, Bulma grabbed
her jaw while looking up to see what hit her.  "I told you it's not him" a 
voice could be heard behind
her, Bulma turned around to see a man standing over her.  Another man walked 
in the room starring
down at the Bulma, "Please tell me you did not kill her or dislocate her 
jaw." The man said while
turning his attention to the one standing over Bulma, "no, I just gave her 
good slap across the face."
Both men started laughing at her as the one who just enter room bent down 
and grabbed her by the
collar and jerked her up to her feet, both men were clearly taller then 
Bulma about six feet tall each.
"Listen little girl we don't have time for games or the likes of you.  
Answer my questions honestly
and we won't hurt you, first question. Who are you, and who are you with?"  
Bulma started getting
angry, "No one, I'm here by myself." The man next to her started giggling 
again, while the other one
gave Bulma a backhand across the face, knocking her down to the ground 
again.  "Listen brat, if
your going to lie to me at least think before speak.  Do think anyone would 
believe you're here by
yourself.  There are tigers and other dangerous things in this jungle; I 
wouldn't even come here by
myself.  Lets try this again who are you and who are you with?"  Bulma 
released a sigh realizing her
answer was not the brightest one she had all day, "It's just me and one man 
name Goku."  The man
that hit her twice so far was now walking towards her, Bulma quickly covered 
face fearing she going
to receive another smack across the face.

	"Hey Goku is one of the Earth Special Forces, right?"   A new voice called 
out in the
chamber, Bulma lowered her hands and saw woman leaning on the wall across 
the room from the
chamber's entrance.  The man walking towards Bulma gentle grabbed her hand 
and pulled her up
to her feet again.  "Now, see how things work.  You treat me with respect 
and I'll treat you with
respect, my name is Evercrest-236 and this next to me is my partner 
Evercrest-225 and the woman
is Lady D.J."  Bulma gave her quick a glance, "what, she not good enough for 
number after her
name?"  The woman pushed herself off the wall and started walking to Bulma 
and the two men,
"enough with this silly game, I asked you a question. Is Goku one of the 
Earth Special Forces?"
Bulma turned her head to Evercrest-236, "hey don't worry she won't hurt you 
as along you answer
her, I promise."  236 grabbed her shoulders and pulled her closer to him, " 
trust me no will hurt you
as long as I'm here."  The man she was looking at was well built, wearing 
dark red battle armor from
his neck down to his feet as well as the other two in the room with him. On 
the chest of the armor
was a picture of the Earth in bright colors over lapping another Earth only 
showing 25% of the planet
in lighter color over lapping a third Earth same size as the 2nd put in 
lighter colors.  Under the three
Earths was the letters U.E.D.  Bulma slowly open her mouth, "yes he is."  
Evercrest-236 gave her
another smile and raised his hand to Bulma head and brushed the away the 
hair in her face.
Slowly 236 started moving his hands down her neck to shoulder and down her 
arms, chills quickly
ran up and down Bulma's spine.  Bulma looked down and saw that 236's hands 
found their way to
a belt buckle and he was beginning to do undo it. "HEY!!!  What do you think 
your doing?" Bulma
said with a booming voice, the man in front of her just kept smiling as he 
held up the pouch that was
hanging off her side.  "Relax beautiful, I wouldn't do anything improper, I 
just wanted to make sure
you don't have any weapons." Evercrest-236 opens the pouch and started 
rummaging through the
pouch. "Hey let me know if you find any lip stick that matches my eyes," 
Lady D.J. said while
walking up to 236.  "I didn't find any lipstick but I did find this," 236 
said as he pulled out a small
device and tossed it to Lady D.J.  "What's this?"  Bulma bit her lip, 
deciding being hit twice was
enough for one day, "it's a broken compass."  D.J. gave her a look of 
distrust, "then what's this"
Bulma turned to 236, who was holding a compass in his hand.  Bulma gave him 
a weak smile, "a
working compass."  After giving her answer Bulma received another backhand 
across the face.
"Listen brat, your cute but your still going to get a good beating if don't 
stop playing around,"
236 said as he lowered his hand.  Lady D.J. started pushing a single button 
on top of the device
in her hand causing the machine to turn on. She continuing pressing it few 
more times, "hey this
things says that something is heading our way, three of them.  27 feet and 
closing in. 19 feet and
closing."  Evercrest-236 shoved Bulma to the ground with great force, "don't 
move I'm not done
with you yet."  "9 feet and closing, wait two stopped and one is still 
moving in. Now the other two
is closing in."

	Suddenly the sunlight dimmed for a second, everyone in the room look up and 
noticed
something moving over the hole outside the ceiling.  "GOKU!!"  Bulma yelled 
out loud.  "You two
get ready for anything, it might be our target."  Evercrest-236 & 225 
quickly took a battle stand as
Lady D.J. instructed.  "Bulma!"  A man shouted as he ran in to the chamber, 
without warning
Evercest-236 closest to the entrance turned around and jumped towards him.  
The man saw 236's
foot coming towards his head lifted his right arm to block the attacked, 
seeing this Lady D.J. ran
over to a swing at the man. Bulma watched the two attacked the man who just 
ran in the chamber
calling her name, looking around room Bulma found large piece of rumble.  
Picking up a stone she
through it at Lady D.J., "look out Goku!" Goku look to his left seeing lady 
D.J. about to hit him in
the side, when suddenly she was hit in the head with a stone.  236 turned to 
check on D.J. and saw
her holding her head with her left hand and making a fist with the other 
hand by her right side.
"SONIC BOOOM!!!" Lady D.J. screamed, as she through out her right arm and 
opening her hand
at the same time, as she opened her hand the air between her and Goku became 
distorted and a loud
thunder could be heard.  Goku felt a great force hitting him, which slammed 
him out of the chamber
and into the chamber behind him.  D.J. still holding her head slowly turned 
to Bulma, "kill her."
"NO!" 236 and Lady D.J. turn to the entrance and started heading out of the 
room, shortly
afterwards fighting could be heard.  Evercrest-225 grabbed Bulma by the 
shoulder, "say goodbye
brat, because now you die."

	Goku jumped to his feet and started shaking his head, trying to get rid of 
the ringing in his
ears.  "Wow, I didn't even had chance to block it."  Goku looked up and saw 
the woman who just
him hit with a `sound wave' still holding her head.  <I better be careful, I 
can't detect her sound wave
attack,> Goku thought to himself.  "Kill her," Goku barely heard the words 
but he could tell that is
what he heard by the look on the woman's face, starring to her left. Where 
he saw Bulma a minute
ago, "NO!"  Goku yelled as he started heading back in to the other chamber, 
Lady D.J. and
Evercrest-236 quickly attacked him in the hallway.  Goku holding his ground 
easily repelled his
attackers.  "Damn he's good."236 said, "No kidding, were going to need back 
up" D.J. replied
back."  Goku stared at the woman, "what do you want with Bulma?"  "Oh 
nothing much, I just
want her dead, that's all.  It's nothing perso.  Who am I trying to fool 
it's completely personal, she
got blood in my hair."  D.J. said while smiling as she saw the anger in 
Goku's eyes flared up.
Suddenly a bright filled the room that Bulma was in, followed by several 
loud explosions.  Lady
D.J.'s smiled grew wider, " damn.  I told him to kill her not to eradicate 
her. Hehehe."  Goku's anger
switched to fear as he remembered sensing two more in the chamber with 
Bulma.
