----------------------------------------------------------------------------
It's disclaimer time:
What your about to read is a fan-fiction, which means it's based on the 
"Tench Oav" anime and the
"No Need for Tenchi!" graphic novels, plus the Dragon ball and Dragon ball Z 
anime.  And they
are copy righted by (Tenchi oav) pioneeer & Hitoshi okuda, (Tenchi novel) 
Viz industry & Hitoshi
okuda, (Dragon ball and Dragon ball Z anime) and Toei Animation & Akira 
Toriyama.  Lady Maria,
Cy-clones, Lady D.J., Chris Templeman, Lord Mordor the 1st and the 2nd are 
owned by the author
Will L. John.  This Fan-fiction was written and design for fun and to pass 
the time at my boring and
under paying job.  I'm working two jobs to pay for collage and my truck 
payments.  So if any
lawyers reads this and have a problems with it... Sorry, I'm just have a bad 
habit of upsetting
everyone around me so please relax and just put the pen down, sueing me will 
not solve anything...
Have a nice day :)


"A FATHER AND SON'S BETRAYAL"
PRELUDE;


	In the year 2014, a young woman is walking down a long corridor leading 
outside to her
usually appointed place and time. She is wearing a black pair of dress pants 
with a white short
sleeve shirt.  Over her white shirt she is wearing a dark red vest, 
unbuttoned.   For the past three
years at sunset she walks to a cemetery just outside the Juria's royal 
palace.  As she first enters the
royal cemetery she walks past the first group of tombstones she pass 
everyday.  Some are newer
than others, a few she knew when they were alive as child hood mentors or 
political figures, and the
others she has no ideal who they were.  Paying no attention to them, she 
continues down the path as
she does everyday, but today was nowhere close to being an average day.  
Today was her 16th
birthday, and like other girls her age, she been looking forward to this day 
for a long time.  For
today she is going to fulfill a promised she made more than three years ago. 
  The young woman
exits the royal family part of the cemetery and continues walking towards 
the back of the cemetery.
After walking for about 150 yards she reaches a fenced in area, on the gate 
is a sign. It reads,
"HERE LIES EARTH MIGHTY HEROS. WHICH GAVE THEIR LIVES FOR THE JURIA
ROYAL FAMILY. LET THEIR HONOR AND SACRIFICE NEVER BE FORGOTEN."  The
young woman continues inside to center of the small fenced in cemetery, when 
she reaches the
center, she stand still as she stares at all fourteen graves.  The site 
brought tears to her eyes as it
did most of the times.

	Closing her eyes, she falls to her knees and begins to pray.  "Mother. It's 
been three
years and 44 days since the last time I saw you.  And just as I promised 
you, I will find my father,
and I will help him avenge your death.  For today is my 16th birthday, and 
today I enter this world
as woman, no longer a frighten child.  I have taken everything you have 
taught me to heart and I'm
ready to enter this war by my father's side.  I pray he is everything you 
told me is and more,
because now more then ever we need a hero to defeat our enemy."  Drying her 
tears the young
woman pushes herself off the ground and begins to read each of the 
tombstones out loud starting
with the one in front of her.  "Ryoko Masaki.  Departed on Feb. 25TH of 
2001:  Devoted mother
and wife of Tenchi Masaki."   "Ryu Lee.  Departed on Feb. 25th of 2001:  "I 
live only to fight for
those in need." "  Before she could read anymore the young lady hears the 
gate behind her opening,
quickly she spins around to see who has intruded on her sacred moment with 
her mother.  "Aura.
The invasion started, Washu wants to see you right away."  Aura gave the 
woman a light smile,
"thank you princess Sasami."  Sasami is wearing her native Jurian royal 
clothes and robe.  Both
women started heading back to the palace, neither one said a word until they 
were inside.
"Princess. Have they found my father yet?"

	"No.  But congratulations on your test, the royal nights of Juria has 
informed me that you
have reached a new level in your fighting skills."  "Thank you, but I really 
should be thanking you for
all your help."  Sasami in her adult form, also known as Tsunami,  "It was 
the least we could do,
especially after what your father did for us."  Both women continued walking 
silently to a set of
doors at the end of the hall.  As they reached the end of the hall, two 
guards standing by the doors
bowed and stepped to the side, one grabbed the door handle and opened it for 
them. The other
spoke to Sasami, "princess Sasami.  Your mother has been waiting for you 
inside the War room."
Sasami bowed her head a little, "Thank you, very much."   The room was 
filled with people running
around from one side of the room to other side.  Aura and Sasami stood just 
inside of the door until
they heard someone calling their names.  They both turned to their left to 
see a tall woman with dark
hair walking up to them.  It was Lady Funaho,  "Your just in time, were 
about to receive an update
from the invasion fleet any second."  "Any word about my father yet lady 
Funaho?"  Lady Funaho
shook her,  "Washu is checking some leads as we speak."

	Before Funaho could continue a Jurian general began talking out loud, 
"excuse me.
Excuse me please.  We just received word form the battlefield.  The invasion 
is going better than
we planned it.  I have been informed that we have complete control outside 
the Earth's atmosphere.
Prince Ayeka's forces have taken full control of the Earth's moon and they 
now have control of the
enemy's Mother ship.  At any minute Emperor Asuza will begin the second 
stage of the invasion,
the landing of our ground troops."  The general lowered his voice and 
started giving orders to men
standing near him.  Funaho turned to Sasami and Aura, "Every thing is going 
smoother than we
thought it would."  Sasami took a step closer to lady Funaho, "mother.  
Where is Washu?  She
wanted to see Aura right away."  "Yes, please follow me."  Lady Funaho took 
the women into
another room where a red hair girl was sitting in front of large computer 
screen, shouting something
about, he's more trouble than he's worth.

	"Washu this panel is blinking again."  The red hair girl stopped pulling 
her hair and turned
to the taller woman standing next to her.  Washu leaned over the flashing 
panel and started typing on
a keyboard in her lap.  After several seconds passed the red head girl 
stopped typing and turned to
the taller blue hair woman again, "Lady Misaki, I think we found him."  Lady 
Misaki put her hands
together and made a joyful glee. "Goodie.  I can't wait to see him again."  
Aura ran up to Washu and
Lady Misaki, "did you find him? Did you find my father?"  Washu turned 
around to face Aura and
gave her a big smile, " Of course I did, because there's nothing "THE 
GREATEST SCIENTIFIC
GENIUS IN THE UNIVERSE" can't do." Aura jumped into Washu arms, "thank you 
godmother.
Thank you so much.  Where is he?"  Washu turned to the computer again after 
letting Aura go,
"not just WHERE but WHEN.  That's why we had a hard time finding your 
father, he was sent to
Earth, and back in time seventeen years, to the year 1997."  Sasami placed a 
hand on Aura shoulder,
"Are you ready to meet your father and complete your mission."  "I been 
training for this day for
over six years.  Nothing can hold me back now."

	Author notes: This is my first fan-fiction and my first time writting since 
High school and
thats been how many years...three... five...  Hey it doesn't matter I'm 
going back to collage to
improve my writting skills and... Oh yeah and for a degree in something.  :) 
   Any ways feel free to
e-mail me with thought, any signs of errors or death threats.  I"ll answer 
them all as best as I can.
