Fushigi Kekkon Muyo!

A fanfic by Keiichi Masaki
(Keiichi_dono@hotmail.com, keiichi-dono@geocities.com)

(To prevent serious spoilers, the disclaimers will be
at the end of the fic.  This is the kind of idea one gets when
writing a letter to one’s pretty Filipino cousin while watching
the last episode of Evangelion.  Don’t ask ^^.)

 Cho residence (apartment 6-A, 1999 Shiro Ave., Anime-Shinjuku)

 “Tadaima!” Cho Ryuuen strode into his apartment.  After an entire day
on the set
dressed as a woman, it felt so good to be in normal clothes again.  Clad
in Dockers, a
white button-down shirt with the collar undone, and a loosened black
tie, and with his
violet hair in a long braid, he looked more like a garden-variety
bishounen than the
cross-dressing seishi he was best known as.
 “Okaeri, Ryuu-chan!” came a cheery female voice from the kitchen.  “Get
in here
and help me with dinner, would you?”
 “Hai, kimi.” Ryuuen entered the kitchen and came up behind his wife, a
beautiful
teal-haired woman with bright blue eyes and a orange-red sweatband
wrapped round her
forehead.  Over her shorts and T-shirt, she wore an apron that said
“Kiss the Cook” in
English.  “Kon bon wa, Kiyo-chan.  How was your day?” he asked, wrapping
his arms
around her waist and nuzzling her neck.
 “I’ve had worse,” replied Makibi-Cho Kiyone.  She turned around in her
husband’s
arms and locked her own around his neck.  “The director caught Ayeka and
Ryoko in a....
compromising position with one of the secretaries and went ballistic.”
She smiled wryly.
“How was yours?”
 “About the same.” Ryuuen took a quick look around the kitchen.
“Where’re the
girls?”
 “Over at the Maxwell’s.  You know how much they love to spend time with
their
Auntie Mihoshi.”
 Ryuuen nodded.  “Yeah, I ran into Duo at lunch.  He invited us over for
dinner
Saturday night; they’ll be trying out their new barbecue.”
 Kiyone snickered.  “After the last time?  It took a month for his hair
to grow long
enough for a braid again!  Speaking of food....” She grabbed a fork and
speared a chunk
of beef on the tines.  “Open up and try this.”
 “Kiyo-chan, I don’t need to try your cooking.  I already know you cook
good....”
Still, he obediently opened his mouth for the morsel of meat.  “Mmm,
good.  So, are we
going?”
 Kiyone nodded.  “Yeah.  We’ll have Arashi from down the hall babysit
the girls;
she just loves the kids.”
 “Fine, fine.” Ryuuen pecked his wife on the cheek and move toward the
cabinet.
“Just two table settings, then?”
 “Hai, hai.... oh yeah!  Your sister called....”

Owari

 Author’s notes:
 ....well, it had to happen sooner or later.  And, as happens so often,
I’m the lunatic
who makes it happen.  For those who are completely lost, Anime-Shinjuku
is the anime
equivalent of Hollywood, except that everyone has jobs.  Also, as in the
real Hollywood,
the roles that our favorite characters play are just that, roles, and
they lead “real” lives.
 I have no plans to continue this, but let me know what you think.
Maybe the next
one will actually have an explanation!
 This is a partial response to the the thread about unusual couples on
the FFML
over the past few days.  If this ain’t unusual.....
 Oh, before I forget: Kiyone belongs to Pioneer, AIC, and TV Tokyo,
among other
people.  Nuriko belongs to Yu Watase, TV Tokyo, and other people.
 Jya!

--Kei