 
   
        

 

 Galaxy of Terror Part 3
No Need for War

Kiyone sat silently in her chair watching the star field shoot past the 
screen. Her thoughts dwelled on the events on board the Borg ship. 
Mihoshi had bought their freedom but at a heavy cost. Kiyone was so 
preoccupied, she didn't even hear the Bridge door open, nor did she 
hear Tenchi enter. Kiyone just stared out at the endless void of space, 
unaware of anything. Tenchi put his hand on Kiyones shoulder and she 
jumped.

"Sorry" said Tenchi.

Kiyone looked up and smiled slightly but it was clear that even a 
little smile took almost more strength then she had.

Tenchi sat down in the copilot chair and said, "Washus gotten a hold of 
Lady Funaho, the Jurai and GP fleets are mobilizing out side the GP 
headquarters for the attack."   

Kiyone nodded "I hope its enough."

"According to Washu, Jurai has sent out a request for assistance to all 
the worlds their in contact with" said Tenchi. "I guess some of them 
are sending reinforcements."  

Kiyone turned with a curious look "like who?"

Tenchi shrugged "beats me, Iv never herd of any of these places, 
Anteria, Vulcan, Minbar." 

Kiyone knew the planets but she still wasn't sure that it would be 
enough against the Borg. 

Washu walked onto the Bridge with Ayeka and said, "I've got good news 
and bad news."

Kiyone rolled her eyes and said "OK, what's the good news?"

Washu smiled and said, "Well first of all with the weapons upgrade I 
gave Ryo-oki a few months ago she should be able to do some real damage 
to the Borg vessel."

"And the bad news" said Tenchi.

Washus expression suddenly got very serious "well.we have to decide 
what to do about Mihoshi, do we try to get her or do we just destroy 
the ship."

Kiyones anger began to swell, how could Washu even think of leaving 
Mihoshi behind. Before she could say anything Washu cut her off 
"there's no guaranty that I can undo what the Borg are doing to her, 
the more she's assimilated the harder it will be to get her back."

Just then a light on the console started to blink. Kiyone went over and 
looked at the new info. Slumping down in her chair she said, "It's 
started."

Half a galaxy away on the bridge of the Juraian capital ship the 
Emperor of Jurai watch the massive screen in front of him as the cube 
ship came into view. Rising from his thrown he nodded to the Comm 
officer who nodded back "channel open sir."

"This is Emperor Azusa, of the Jurai battle fleet, you are in violation 
of Jruaian space." "You are ordered to leave immediately." 

The Borg ship didn't seem in any way affected by his words it continued 
on its course right toward the fleet.  The Emperor gritted his teeth, 
he'd heard rumors and stories about the Borg but he never was sure how 
much was true. 

"I repeat, you will turn back now or we will be forced to."

The com channel suddenly switched, cutting off the Emperor "We are the 
Borg, lower your shields and surrender your ships, we will add your 
biological and technological distinctiveness to ours, resistance is 
futile." 

"Very well, if that's how they want to play" said the Emperor "all 
ships battle ready." 

The Borg vessel didn't even slow down as it approached the waiting 
fleet. They took absolutely no notice of anything the fleet did until 
the first bolt of energy smacked into its hull. The fleet suddenly came 
to life with green, blue and red energy bolt all directed at the ship. 
The vessel slowed to a halt and returned fire.the battle had begun.

Back on Yagami, Kiyone wasn't able to hear much over the Comm system. 
Static mostly, with the occasional ship to ship transmission. Checking 
the computer only made Kiyone angrier, it indicated another hour till 
they reached the battle. 

Turning, Kiyone said, "Can Ryo-oki or Ki-oki get there any quicker?"

Washu thought for a moment "perhaps, But someone needs to pilot Ki-
oki."

Tenchi stood up and said, "I'll do it."

Looking over at him Washu said "are you sure?" Without hesitation 
Tenchi nodded. Turning to Ayeka he said "please take care of Myuka."

Ayeka blushed, but nodded and said "of course."

Turning back to Washu, Tenchi said, "Lets do it."

Moments later the two cabbit ship were ready to go. Tenchi was amazed 
at how similar yet how different Ki-oki was from Ryo-oki. Sitting in 
the pilot's seat he noticed that there was a main control orb like Ryo-
oki but there were 4 smaller orbs, Ryo-oki only had 2. Tenchi shrugged 
and activated the com system. "Ready to go" he said. "Roger that" said 
Ryoko, "Roger that" said Kiyone, "Roger that".

Tenchi was confused, the last voice was familiar but he couldn't place 
it. Before he could ask the answer presented itself. A large shadow 
passed over Ki-oki causing Tenchi to look up. Tsunami, the Juraians 
most powerful ship floated above the two, now seemingly small cabbit 
ships.

"Holy smokes" was all Tenchi could say. He would have stared at the 
enormous ship all day but a blue light drew his attention to the back 
of the bridge. Turning he saw Tsunami standing with a slight smile. 
Tenchi got up from his seat and said "Tsunami?"

Tsunami nodded and said, "Sasami thought you could use some help."

Tenchi smiled "after what I've seen, I'd say we can use all the help we 
can get." With that Tenchi turned to the control panel and hit the 
accelerator. 

Kiyone and Washu watched the three ships jet of into Trans warp. Kiyone 
looked sadly at the now empty star field and whispered "good luck." 

Across the galaxy, even a little luck would have been a blessing. While 
the fleet had managed to do some damage to the Borg ship, every ship 
that had gotten close enough had been damaged or destroyed. On board 
the Flagship the Emperor was having troubles of his own. With the 
shields damaged the Borg were able to transport aboard. They quickly 
adapted to the weapons of the Jurian soldiers, however they found it 
much more difficult to adapt to the Emperors sword. The Emperor wielded 
the powerful energy blade and cut down the two Borg in front of him. 
Seeing that the bridge was clear for the moment he went to the weapons 
console and activated the firing sequence. More bolt of energy slammed 
into the Borg ship creating small craters in its hull. The Borg ship 
turned slightly and moved toward the Flagship, "well" said the Emperor 
with a grin "it looks like I got your attention." Pressing the button 
again the Emperor sent another wave of green bolt into the Borg vessel 
but its momentum was not affected. The ship continued on its course 
directly toward the Flagship. The Emperor watched the screen with great 
anger; there was no way to stop them. "Fine" he said "but I'm taking 
you bastards with me." He dumped all power into the weapons and locked 
the center of the Borg ship into the targeting computer. At that range, 
with no shields the blast would destroy both ships. "So be it, " he 
said to him self. As his hand reached the firing control a blinding 
light lit up the screen. Looking up the Emperor saw three ships come 
out of warp speed and they came in firing. Two of the ships were only 
slightly familiar but there was no mistaking the larger ship. Tsunami 
opened fire with every weapon in her arsenal sending an array of what 
seemed like thousands of colors slamming into the hull of the Borg 
ship. On board the ship Tsunami watched the Borg vessel change course 
and start moving toward her. In assimilating with Sasami, Tsunami had 
become aware of changes in her own being. Among these changes was the 
ability to experience the full spectrum of human emotions and right now 
they were in full gear. Turning from her thought she looked up at the 
massive ship baring down on her and with a slight smirk said, "That's 
right you heartless bastards, come and get me." In the water below the 
reflection of Sasami giggled. On board Ki-oki Tenchi watched the Borg 
vessel as it closed in on Tsunami. Although she was a decently large 
battle cruiser, compared to the enormous mass of the Borg cube even she 
looked small. 

Ryokos voice broke in over the Comm "goddess or not, we cant let her 
have all the fun."     

Tenchi smiled "OK, but remember we need to damage the ship not destroy 
it."

"Roger that" said Ryoko. 

Ki-oki and Ryo-oki accelerated to attack speed and headed directly for 
the Borg ship. Ryoko wore a grin that was only a few points off of 
cocky as she closed in on the cube. "All right Ryo-oki" said Ryoko 
"This ones for Mihoshi." 3 bright blue beams erupted from Ryo-okis 
crystals and smacked into the hull of the cube. Ki-oki took his Q and 
opened fire on the opposite side. Tsunami watched as the residual 
energy from the blasts cleared.

"WHAT THE...."

Ryoko, Tenchi, and Tsunami all shouted in unison, as the energy wake 
cleared there was no damage to the cube. 'This was impossible' thought 
Tenchi. All of them had seen Ki-okis weapons tear a hole the size of 
Yagami in the Borg cube. Tenchi opened a channel to both ships and said 
"we got a problem!" Ryoko shouted through the Comm "Tsunami activate 
the Light Hawk Wings, there almost on top of you!!!" Tsunami turned 
away from the view screen sadly and said, Sasami, hang on." The 
reflection of Sasami screamed as the image of the cube encompassed the 
viewer. All Tenchi and Ryoko could do is watch in horror as the Borg 
ship passed over Tsunami and fired cutting beams from multiple points 
on its hull. Tsunami made almost no effort to protect herself and after 
multiple direct hits she was adrift. Ki-oki and Ryo-oki made a close 
fly by each other as they came around for another attack run at the 
ship. Ryokos cocky expression was replaced by a snarl of rage. "Ryo-oki 
she said Lock Target and fire!" Ryo-oki sped ahead of Ki-oki and opened 
fire with everything she had. The Borg ship still had no sign of any 
significant damage. As Ryo-oki passed by, the vessel fired multiple 
cutting beams and sent Ryo-oki spinning off into space. "RYOKO!!" 
screamed Tenchi but there was nothing he could do, Tsunami was a drift 
and Ryo-oki was out of control. Tenchi turned and glared at the cube 
then turned away and said, "Change course Ki-oki."  The ship complied 
and turned away from the Borg and headed off to catch Ryo-oki. 

As Ki-oki held Ryo-oki in his tractor beam both Tenchi and Ki-oki 
winced at the sight before them. Ryo-oki was missing two crystal pylons 
and the ones that were still there were severely cracked. Tenchi could 
only stair at the damaged ship, unable so think or move unlit a sensor 
light flashed causing him to turn. Through the massive dome, Tenchi saw 
the Borg ship move away at impulse speed leaving a graveyard of trashed 
ships.   

Kiyone brought her ship out of hyperspace and into the battlefield. A 
massive field of wrecked ships greeted Yagami. The space outside the 
Galaxy Police HQ had been turned into a scrap yard. Kiyone immediately 
opened the Comm channel "this is detec... This is Kiyone on board the 
Yagami, is any one out there." Much to her relief she got an instant 
response. The screen flicked over to an image of the GP commander 
"detective Kiyone, thank goodness your all right!" Kiyone nodded 
slightly "what happened here?"  The commander sighed and said, "I fill 
you in when you dock, HQ out."

The door to sickbay opened and Ayeka, Myuka and Washu stepped in. 
looking over Ayeka saw Tenchi and Ryoko in recovery beds. Tenchi was 
awake and sitting up in bed, he had only minor cuts and bruises but his 
attention was fixed, worriedly at Ryoko. His gaze shifted to as they 
approached. Ayeka and Myuka smiled warmly but Washus focus was on her 
daughter. 

"Are you all right dad?" asked Myuka.

Tenchi couldn't help but feel he would never get use to being called 
dad but he nodded just the same. Myuka looked at Tenchis pillow and saw 
Ki-oki sleeping soundly with a small bandage on his paw. She softly 
petted the little cabbits head and smiled "is he OK?"

Tenchi smiled and nodded "ya he fine." The smile quickly faded as he 
looked past Myuka. In a small recovery tank behind her Ryo-oki was 
trying, desperately to hold on to life. 

Ayeka looked sadly at Ryo-oki "will this nightmare ever end?" A sudden 
thought crossed Ayekas mind. "Sasami?" she said.

"She's fine, only a few cuts," said Tenchi "she's in the next room."

Getting up Tenchi walked over and put his hand on Washus shoulder. 
Washu tear filled eyes never turned from Ryoko "is she?"

Tenchi nodded "she's alive, Doctor says if she makes it through the 
night she'll be all right."     

Washu walked over and sat in the chair next to Ryokos bed. Tenchis 
thoughts drifted back to the battle. The Borg vessel had blasted her 
ship and sent her spinning out of control. Ki-oki had managed to get a 
hold of her but not before Ryo-oki went hurling right into a wrecked GP 
cruiser. Tenchi shuttered at the memory and tried to push it away but 
an even darker thought came to mind. The Borg where on their way to 
Jurai and Tenchi couldn't think of any way to stop them.

In the darkness of the Recovery suite Sasami sat in silence. Sasami was 
usually the optimist, but on this night she was as close to depression 
as she had ever been. On top of that she was angrier then she had ever 
been in her life. Ryoko might die, Ryo-okis isn't doing that great 
either, and on top of it all Tsunami, the goddess, the on who had 
assimilated with her, gave up on the battlefield. Sasami sat in bed and 
stared angrily at the darkness. Sasami had noticed the blue light out 
of the corner of her eye a few minutes ago but she was to sad to bother 
and to angry to care.

"I know you're angry with me Sasami and I understand why," said 
Tsunami.

Without even looking at the goddess Sasami said "Ryokos gonna die, 
Jurais going to be destroyed, and its all are fault."

"Sasami I couldn't take the risk of the Borg adapting to the Light Hawk 
Wings." Tsunamis voice began to break up "I.I had no choice."

Sasami couldn't help but turn, and what she saw she almost couldn't 
believe. Looking up into the face of the Goddess she saw tears 
streaking there way down her cheek. "What's happening to you?" asked 
Sasami. Tsunami seated herself in the chair next to the bed "In 
assimilating with you I've changed as you've changed, as you get older 
are connection gets stronger."

Sasami looked sadly at Tsunami and said, "You can feel sadness, Like we 
do?"

Tsunami nodded wiping away the tears "your right to be angry with me 
Sasami, but understand I had no choice."

Sasami "sighed, I know and I'm sorry for what I said."

Sasami moved over and rapped her arms around Tsunami. They needed each 
other now more then ever, there was no doubt that Sasami was terrified 
and as Tsunami returned the hug Sasami realized the she was to.  

In another part of the space station Kiyone stood in the Commanders 
office as he brought her up to speed. He explained about how the Borg 
almost seemed ready for there attack and how the fleet was quickly 
overcome. Kiyone could barley contain her anger as she listened to the 
battle story. The Commander stopped and looked at Kiyone "at ease 
detective, you've got to try to stay focused." Kiyone took a deep 
breath and said "sir we can't abandon Mihoshi."  Before the Commander 
could respond a voice came from behind, "we may have to detective." 
Kiyone turned around and stared directly into the eyes of the Marshal. 
Without thinking Kiyone snapped to attention saying "sir!" The Marshal 
smiled slightly and said "at ease detective, Commander would you give 
us a moment?" The Commander nodded and stepped out of the room leaving 
Kiyone looking with great sadness and a little bit of fear at the GP 
Marshal. 

"Have a seat Kiyone," said the Marshal. Kiyone was a little shocked at 
him calling her by name but she did as instructed.

It was not hard to see the pain the Marshal was in as he "sighed" and 
said "I understand you saw my granddaughter on the Borg ship."  Kiyone 
winced at the memory but nodded just the same. 

The Marshal nodded "was she. one of them?"

Kiyone shook her head "no sir, the Borg queen said that they were 
unable to assimilate her at the moment." 

"The Borg Queen?" asked the Marshal.

Kiyone shrugged "that the only way I can describe her, She said that 
she was the Borg, so I can only assume she is the leader or something." 

"I see," said the Marshal as he sat down. "I must ask you a very 
serious question Kiyone, do you think it is possible to get Mihoshi 
back?"  

Kiyone nodded "yes I do."

"The Borg ship is less then 2 hours from Juri, The emperor has ordered 
the dimensional Cannon attached to a ship and brought to Juri."

Kiyone blood went cold, how could they use such a weapon, more 
impotently how the hell did they get it? Before Kiyone could ask the 
memory came back to her. Only a few months ago Kagato had returned and 
attacked them, in the process he and DR Clay had disrupted time. They 
had never gone back to save Tenchis mother and had never used the 
cannon to trap KAIN. That still doesn't explain how it got into the 
hands of Jurai.

"Is everything all right detective?" asked the Marshal. 

Kiyone pushed her thought aside and said "yes.yes sir, 

"Kiyone," said the Marshal "I love my granddaughter, she's the only 
family I've got, but I have a responsibility to protect the lives of my 
officers and Jurai."

Kiyone looked up and said, "Sir, If theirs a way to save Mihoshi ill 
find it."

The Marshal smiled and said "good hunting.Dismissed."  
 
Ayeka knocked on Sasamis door as she entered the recovery suite. She 
was a little startled to see Tsunami sitting by her bed watching her 
sleep. Tsunami looked up at Ayeka and smiled. 

"She just dozed off," said Tsunami.

"Is she all right?" asked Ayeka.

Tsunami smiled "Yes, she just exhausted."   

Ayekas expression became very troubled "even you couldn't stop them?"

Tsunami hung her head "no and I cant use the light hawk wings."

"Why?"

Tsunami "sighed, if they were to adapt to the Light Hawk Wings the 
whole universe would be doomed."

Before Ayeka could question further a loud scream cut her off.

"WASHU!!!!!!!!"

Kiyone had run the full length of the station, trying to find the 
scientist. Washu laid her daughters hand down on the bed and got up. 
Before she could fully turn around she was grabbed and almost lifted 
off the ground. She looked into Kiyones eyes and saw more emotion then 
she thought any mortal was capable off expressing.

"Washu!!" Kiyone shouted "Were is it?"

"What?" asked Washu.

"The Dimensional Cannon." 

Putting Washu down Kiyone slumped to her knees and said "were was it 
before the time shift."

"You mean before the Kagato incident? "Said Washu as she thought for a 
moment "well since we never really used it in the past because of 
Kagato and Clay I'd say its probably still at the Science Academy 
exhibition hall." 

Kiyone hung her head and clenched her teeth "the GP Marshal told me, 
its on route to Jurai."    

Washus mouth hit the floor "If the use that thing on the Borg they run 
the risk of taking out the whole galaxy."  

Ryoko popped up and said, "Well then what the hell are we waiting for?"

Kiyone and Washu sweat dropped as Ryoko hopped out of bed and stood up 
strait and tall. In classic hero pose Ryoko raised her had up and said 
"Ryo-oki!!" and got no response. Ryoko slowly turned around and saw 
Ryo-oki pawing at the glass of her tank. Ryoko sweat dropped "when did 
they star using dimensional glass in the sick bay?"

Ryoko, Tenchi, Washu, Ryo-oki, and Ki-oki tore down the hall toward the 
sick bay exit. Sasami, Ayeka, and Tsunami peeked out the door just in 
time to see them run by. "What's going on?" said Sasami quietly but not 
quietly enough, for Washu shouted back "were going to destroy the Borg 
once and for all." Sasami thought for a moment then smiled and shouted, 
"wait for me!" All the noise woke up Myuka who was sleeping on the 
bench across from Sasamis room. Looking up sleepily she saw Sasami take 
off after the others and then saw Ayeka start running in her own high 
strung way a, after Sasami. Myuka was more then a little confused but 
she got up and took off after them. Down the hall the Turbo lift door 
slid open and the Emperor and the two Empresses were about to step out 
when Ryoko Kiyone and Tenchi came running by at high speed.

"HI" said Kiyone

"Sup king" said Ryoko 

"Hi your majesty" said Tenchi as they ran by. The royal trio waved 
slightly as they stood confused in the lift. Next Washu and the to 
cabbits ran past.

"In kinda a rush highness" said Washu.

They all watched Washu run by then peeked out of the lift.and pulled 
there heads back in before the were taken off by Sasami and Ayeka 
running by.

"Hi daddy, Hi Mom, hi auntie, said Sasami

"Greetings Father, Mother, Aunt Funaho, said Ayeka.

The Emperor had had about enough of this, he stepped out of the lift 
and shouted "were in Tsunamis name is everyone going?" 

Sasami shouted back "were going to stop the Borg!"

The Emperor straitened and said "very well now was it so hard to tell 
your father that your going to...STOP THE BORG!!!!!!" The Emperor and 
Funaho were frozen in place, their eyes no bigger then popcorn kernels. 
Masaki shrugged and said in her usual perky tone "just be home by 
supper" Funaho was about ready to pass out and she sensed that her 
husband wasn't far behind. Neither of them noticed Myuka run passed 
them but Masaki called after her "Myuka you're getting so big!" Myuka 
half smiled and called back "thanks Auntie ill catch ya later." Myuka 
then turned the corner and was gone, Masaki wave for a few minutes the 
turned back to her sister and husband. Frowning a bit she said, "You 
two need to relax a bit, stress causes gray hairs." 

Ryo-oki, Ki-oki, and Yagami, pulled away from the docking ring. Tenchi 
looked at his 
console and said "course set." Kiyone and Ryoko acknowledged the signal 
and readied 
their ships for a warp jump. Kiyone sat looking out at the stars with a 
renewed sense of 
hope. Silently she whispered "Hang on Mihoshi, were coming." Washus 
voice brought 
her back to reality saying "were all set, lets do it." Kiyone smirked 
as she pulled back on 
the accelerator. The star line streaked out in front of them and the 
three ships jetted off to 
what undoubtedly be the final battle.

To be Concluded

Authors note.
Some parts of this chapter may be confusing. The Kagato incident that 
Washu and 
Kiyone spoke about happened in another fan fic that I wrote called Long 
Road out of hell. 
Anyway next up the final battle for the fate of the universe. 

           
