Galaxy of Terror
Part 1-  No need for Lost friends


As the sun set over the Masaki Shrine Tenchi Masaki put his tools away 
and headed for the house. Dinner would be ready shortly and 
Tenchi needed to get cleaned up. As he reached the door he felt 
something paw at his leg. To no surprise it was Ryo-oki. Tenchi 
knelt down and petted the little cabbit. 

 "Sorry Ryo-oki" he said "the carrots aren't ready yet."   

Ryo-oki hung her head and "meowed" sadly. Tenchi smiled and reached 
into his pouch.
Ryo-oki jumped for joy as he produced a carrot and handed it to her. 
Ryo-oki cradled 
the carrot as though it was the last on earth. Tenchi smiled and said 
"come on Sasamis
probably got dinner ready." With that Tenchi stepped into the house 
with Ryo-oki trotting 
behind.  Inside Sasami and Ayeka had just finished setting the table 
when Tenchi and  
Ryo-oki walked in. 

            Ayeka looked up with a smile "welcome home Tenchi."

            Tenchi gave an uneasy smile and a quick wave then headed up 
stairs to clean up. As he got to the top of the stairs he herd 
Ryoko materialize in the kitchen "Tenchi darling were are you." 
Tenchi stood at the top of the stairs and began a countdown on 
his hand. Kiyone came out of the bathroom just as Tenchi finished 
"3,2,1,0," there was a sudden shout from down stairs. 

"How dare you talk about lord Tenchi that way!" 

Tenchi smiled "that should keep them busy for a wile."

Kiyone could help but laugh "you've got this down to a science don't 
you?"

Tenchi smiled and headed toward the bathroom. As he reached the door he 
turned back. 
"By the way wears Mihoshi, Shouldn't she be back by now?" 

Kiyone rolled her eyes "she said she'd be back by dinner, she was only 
on an escort mission." "She's probably lost in Earths orbit." 

Tenchi smiled and said "theres probably nothing to worry about." "Well, 
wait a little longer."

Kiyone nodded and headed down stairs. Tenchi watched her go then turned 
into the bathroom. Even though he couldn't put his finger on it 
Tenchi had a strange feeling. Maybe it was the tight pants Kiyone 
had been wearing or maybe he was just tired. He thought for a 
moment then shrugged it of and started to wash up.  

As Kiyone reached the bottom of the stairs she also had a strange 
feeling and she couldn't shake it. After a moment of thought she 
turned to the closet door of Washus lab thinking for a moment 
longer she pressed a button on the newly installed Comm panel. 

"Washu?" she said

"Yes." 

Kiyone nearly jumped out of her skin as Washu responded from behind 
her. After regaining her composure Kiyone said "have you herd 
from Mihoshi yet"

Washu grinned playfully "do I detect concern detective?" 

Kiyone shot Washu a nasty look. I just want to know that she's staying 
out of trouble." "That's all!!" 

"Of course" was all Washu said as she began typing commands into her 
Holo top. After a few minutes Washu began to look very puzzled 

"What's wrong" asked Kiyone.

Washu typed a few more commands into her computer then looked up. 
"Youkinojo isn't transmitting any more."

Kiyone looked confused "what do you mean not transmitting?"

Washu looked back to her Holo top "every GP ship weather as big as 
Yagami or as small as Youkinojo sends out an ID signal so HQ can 
locate them at any time." "As long as the main computer is online 
it sends out this signal"

Kiyones tension was growing "so...so that just means theirs something 
wrong with the computer...right?"

Washu looked up and said "I wish I had an answer for you but I don't."

A sudden feeling of Dred snapped Kiyone back to reality "we've gota 
find her," she said And took off down the hall to find everyone.

Washu called from behind "Kiyone, I never knew you cared so much"

As Kiyone dissapered around the corner she called back "if anything 
happens her Grandfather will kill me."

With in minutes Kiyone had rounded everyone up and was explaining the 
situation. Tenchi noticed that as Kiyone was talking she was 
shaking like a leaf. Tenchi got up and put his hand on her 
shoulder. 

"Take it easy Kiyone" Tenchi said "well find her I promise." 

Tenchi really had no idea how he was going to keep that promise but he 
couldn't stand to see Kiyone so upset even if she wasn't going to 
admit she was upset.

Tenchi thought for a moment then said 'Kiyone why don't you transport 
up to Yagami and get her ready" "Ryoko find Ryo-oki and get her 
ready as well." 

Ryoko looked up and said "hay!  Were is Ryo-oki?"   

Everyone looked but Ryo-oki was no were around. Sasami turned and 
looked out the window, "found her" she said.  Everyone turned and 
looked out the window and there was Ryo-oki. She was sitting on 
the edge of the dock staring out at the lake seemingly unaware of 
the world around her, so much so that she didn't notice Kiyone 
come up behind her 

"Ryo-oki" she said softly.

Ryo-okis ears popped up and she turned to face Kiyone who had knelt 
down so she was more on eye level with the cabbit.

"We need your help" said Kiyone she then proceeded to explain the 
situation to the little cabbit. After she had finished she felt a 
little silly explaining all this to Ryo-oki but she shrugged of 
the feeling and said "I need to find her," "will you help me?"  
Without hesitation Ryo-oki "Miayed" happily and nodded. From 
inside the house everyone watched as Ryo-oki transformed. 

Tenchi stood up and said "OK Ryoko, you Ayeka and Washu and take Ryo-
oki and fly as back up while Kiyone and I take Yagami.

This proposal did not sit well with Ayeka or Ryoko but a quick glance 
from Tenchi advised them not to argue.

"Sasami, you and Myuka stay here were its safe"

Sasami nodded but it was clear that Myuka didn't like the idea of being 
left behind but as much as she hated to admit it her father was 
right.

As Yagami and Ryo-oki pulled out of Earth's orbit Washu came over the 
comm "Iv got the last coordinates of Mihoshis ship." Yagamis 
computer received the data and locked it in. "Roger that Washu" 
said Kiyone "ready to go." With that Kiyone pulled back on the 
accelerator throttle and the two ships jumped to hyperspace. 

On Earth Sasami and Myuka watched from the dock as the two brightest 
stars in the night sky jetted of into deep space. Myuka sighed 
and looked down to see Sasami still looking up at the sky, tears 
welling up in her eyes. Although Sasami was older (by about 1000 
years) Myuka thought that maybe she should play the older sister 
this time. Putting her arm around Sasami she said "don't worry, 
they'll be fine. It was weak and kinda dumb but it must have 
helped because Sasami wiped the tears from her eyes and smiled. 
"Your right" said Sasami "after all how much trouble can Mihoshi 
get into?" As they both walked back to the house they said in 
unison "plenty." Both Sasami and Myuka stopped and looked at each 
other the two the burst into laughter that lasted well into the 
house. Had either of them looked back they'd have noticed a 
strange green light coming form the lake.

Half way across space Kiyone was on the edge of her seat watching the 
star field shoot past, trying not to look as worried as she 
really was. The thing that confused her was she couldn't figure 
out why she was so nervous. After all there was no evidence that 
there was anything wrong and besides Mihoshi was a constant pain 
in the ass not to mention an unending source of trouble. They had 
never been real close..or had they? No mater how much Kiyone 
screamed or shouted Mihoshi never seemed affected, never got 
angry, never shouted back, and never said anything nasty to 
Kiyone. In fact now that she thought about it the thought that 
Kiyone might be in any way unhappy with her seemed to upset 
Mihoshi greatly. Was it guilt? Was Kiyone feeling guilty for all 
the times she'd wished badly on Mihoshi? Now Mihoshi was missing 
and it was the only logical answer. 

Kiyone slumped in her chair "its all my fault" she said.

Tenchi looked up from the copilot seat and said "what do you mean by 
that?"

Kiyone shook her head brushing off Tenchis question. Tenchi was about 
to question further when the proximity alarm went off. Kiyone 
looked at her panel then opened up a channel to Ryo-oki. 

"Washu" she said "were coming up on a debris field." 

The two ships jumped back to normal space in the middle of what looked 
to be the remains of a fleet. Kiyone immediately began a scan for 
life signs, power emissions, anything. The scan indicated that 
they were all GP ships. The scan also indicated that the weapon 
that caused this was a high energy, highly focused plasma beam, 
almost like a cutting laser. Kiyone began entering commands into 
her panel when Tenchi shouted "look!" Kiyones head snapped up 
just in time to see the wreckage of Youinojo float past the 
screen.

Washus voice came over the Comm although Kiyone barely heard it 
"Kiyone, see if you can download Youkinojos memory and 
personality files......KIYONE!!!"

Snapped back to reality Kiyone said "Ya sure IM on it."

The download took about 30 minutes, after witch everyone met onboard 
Yagami. Washu was in Yagamis lab trying to get Youkinojos head 
unit online. After what seemed like forever Washu finally emerged 
from the lab with a look of sorrow that was unmistakable. 


Ryoko spoke up saying "well?"

Washu regained her composure and said "Youkinojos going to be fine 
after I rebuild his positronic matrix."

Ryoko sighed, not really caring about the computer but not wanting to 
sound like an asshole either "dose he know were Mihoshi is?"

Washu held up a small chip that looked like a 1 inch X 1 inch CD and 
said "this contains Mihoshis last transmission but your not going 
to like it." Kiyone looked at Washu as she put the chip into the 
transmitter and said "what do you mean her last transmission?"  
Washu just walked away after pressing the play button. Kiyone 
watched Washu walk away then turned to listen to the recording.

"This is detective #$@%# class Mihoshi to any ship in range $# $%# 
under attack and $#@&*%$ #$^%$@#$ assistance." Alien Ship is of 
$#@*&%$ configuration," %$#@%$ %$*& %$# destroying the fleet #@$ 
@%& #@&$%#@ have no effect against her shields." Any ship please 
#$@$#$!"

Kiyone just couldn't handle it, the sheer panic in Mihoshis voice cut 
deep into her heart. She slammed her fist down on the transmitter 
as tears streamed down her face. Without thinking she grabbed 
Tenchi and buried her face in his shoulder. Tenchi was a little 
shocked but he held her tightly and let her grieve. Ryoko turned 
from the group not wanting them to see the stream of tears she 
was collecting. Ayeka, however had seen Ryoko and came up behind 
her putting her hand on Ryokos shoulder. At that point Ryoko 
would have collapsed but Ayeka caught her and held on tight. 
Under normal conditions Ryoko would never excepted a hug from 
Ayeka nor a shoulder to cry on but none of that seemed to matter 
now. "She didn't deserve to die" was all Ryoko could manage to 
say. Ayeka held on tighter and said "no, she didn't'" "we can 
only hope she's found peace."  Washu watched the scene knowing 
that if she didn't say something she was going to start crying 
herself. Thankfully Ryoko saved her the trouble. Looking up Ryoko 
said "were going to find them whoever they are and make them 
pay." Washu couldn't help but smile as she said "I'v already got 
there warp signature and laid in a course."

Kiyone looked up wiping her eyes and said "Washu, you and Tenchi get to 
the bridge and get us moving."

Washu gave a grin and said "Roger that." 

Without another word Kiyone turned and headed for her quarters. The 
silence was troubling but Tenchi decided to leave well enough 
alone. With the course locked in Yagami turned and jumped to 
warp.   

Alone in the comfort of her quarters Kiyone lit a candle in silent 
prayer for her fallen comrade. "Ill avenge you my friend, I swear 
it." The words helped a bit as she was having trouble focusing, 
the echo of Mihoshis scream echoed in her mind "Any ship please 
#$@%$#." Waves of sorrow kept crashing into her heart until a 
layer of hatred began to form. Kiyone knew she had to find 
control or the hatred would consume her. Using every calming 
technique she knew Kiyone found some control but it would be a 
long time before she found anything close to peace. Washus voice 
on the Comm broke the silence "Kiyone please come to the bridge," 
"we've found them."

Kiyone stepped onto the bridge to see Washu franticly working the 
controls. On the viewer Kiyone saw a small dark spot quite a ways 
ahead. 

"Are you sure it's the right ship?" said Kiyone 

"No doubt" said Washu "the warp signature is exactly the same." "Im 
trying to get a visual"

Kiyone sat in her command chair the turned sadly to look at the copilot 
seat. She almost started to cry again when Washu said "visual 
ready, on screen." 

As the viewer enlarged the image Washu said "oh shit."

Kiyone looked back at Washu and said "what do you mean oh shit" "who 
the hell are they."

Washu seemed to terrified to speak, in fact no one spoke as they stared 
at the monstrous ship that was either unconcerned or unaware of 
the pursuit.

Washu suddenly shouted "back us off before were detected!"

Kiyone turned around angrily and said "what the hell is wrong with 
you?" "what is that?"

Washu turned to Kiyone with a look of pure panic and said "The Borg."

To be continued.

Authors note:
This is the first time I'v written a crossover fic. Many Star Trek fans 
may think they know what's going to happen. Rest assured that 
this will not turn into a familiar episode of Star Trek Next 
Generation. Crossovers are the hardest to write in my opinion 
because you have to try to stay true to the characters and the 
universe while at the same time adding a new element. Some 
succeed and some don't, its all up to the reader. A good writer 
functions better with good (constructive) feedback so don't 
hesitate to leave some.     







