 Galaxy of Terror
Part 2 No Need for Revenge 


Sasami looked down the hall to her room, confused as to why it looked 
so far away. She began walking but no matter how far she walked the 
door seemed to get further and further away. A wave of fear swept over 
her as she began to run. The running didn't help for the door was still 
miles away. Sasamis fear evolved to panic as she tried to run faster 
but as she ran she noticed that the walls were changing. They were 
becoming covered with strange black wires and machinery. Sasami stopped 
running and opened the door closest to her. Were ever it led had to be 
better then here. As she stepped inside she looked around, this new 
room was dark and even creepier than the hall. There was a strange 
rumbling sound the seemed to come from everywhere. Sasami was terrified 
now almost to point of crying when she noticed someone standing a few 
feet away. "Tenchi!" The word seemed to echo off the darkness but 
Sasami didn't care, she ran to where Tenchi was standing. Tenchi was 
standing very still with his back to Sasami seemingly unaware of her 
presence. Sasami ran up and hugged him around the waist, strangely 
enough she got no response. 

Looking up she said "Tenchi?" "What's wrong?"

Tenchis head angled up then he turned to face Sasami. Sasamis eyes went 
wide in horror as Tenchi turned to face her. Half of his face was 
covered in the black circuitry she had seen in the hall. Sasami backed 
away as a small red laser activated on the side of his head and focused 
on her. As Sasami backed away she bumped into someone or something els. 
Turning around she saw Ayeka with a similar device attached to her 
head. Panic stricken, Sasami ran away from the two creatures only to be 
blocked by three more. There stood Ryoko, Washu, and Kiyone all with 
the strange implants. As they surrounded her, 

Sasami hit her knees and summoned up as much courage as she could and 
said "get away."

Strangely enough all of them stopped forming a circle around her. This 
did not make Sasami feel any better but as she got up to run a calm 
female voice echoed in the darkness saying "were are going to go?"

Sasami looked around as much as she could but saw nothing. Before she 
could move to run Tenchi and Ayeka grabbed her. Sasami struggled with 
all her might but she could not escape their grasp. She continued to 
struggle until her attention was drawn to her 3 remanning friends as 
they moved aside revealing a figure behind them. It was definitely a 
woman, probably the source of the voice. It began walking slowly toward 
Sasami till it was within arms reach of her. Sasami had never been so 
scared or so angry in her life. Looking up she couldn't make out the 
face of the woman but she could tell she wasn't someone she new. 

"Why do you fight us?" asked the woman.

Ignoring her question Sasami said "this isn't real, Tenchi and the 
others would never do this."

The woman knelt down to eye level with Sasami and said "in time all 
will serve us"

Sasami shouted back "they'll resist you with everything they have."

Sasami could see the woman smile even in the darkness as she ran her 
hand softly down Sasamis cheek and said "resistance is futile."

Sasami woke up with a "gasp" and looked around. She was still on the 
couch were she had fallen asleep the night before. Looking over she saw 
Myuka asleep slumped in the chair with the TV remote still in her hand. 
Sasami smiled, thank full that it had been a dream. Sasami laid down 
and reflected on her dream. Thinking back it was probably the strangest 
dream yet. Most of the time her nightmares meant something, but what? 
Sasami was about to go back to sleep when something brushed against her 
leg. Looking down she noticed a lump in her blanket right between her 
feet. The lump started moving around, brushing against and tickling her 
feet. Sasami giggled and pulled her feet away saying "Ryo-oki stop." It 
had to be Ryo-oki, Tenchi and the others must have gotten back late 
last night. 

Sasami smiled and said "Ryo-oki you little brat, come out of there." 

Sasami pulled back the covers and stared in amazement. Sitting there 
gazing back at her was a cabbit, but not Ryo-oki. It was pure white but 
other than that and the fact that the jewel on its head was star shaped 
it was identical to Ryo-oki. The same size, the same smooth fur, 
Everything a perfect match. It looked up and "miyad" happily. 

Still somewhat shocked Sasami reached over and poked at Myuka. "Myuka" 
she said "wake up."

Myuka opened her eyes slowly and said "huh?" "go away..sleeping."

The little Cabbit jumped into Myukas lap and "miyad" at her. Myuka, who 
was still not quite awake yet turned sleepily to Sasami and said "who 
bleached Ryo-oki?"

Sasami giggled and said "it's a new Ryo-oki."

Half an hour later Myuka and Sasami sat at the table watching the new 
Cabbit munch down on its 3rd carrot. 

Myuka turned to Sasami and said "so were did it come from?"

Sasami shrugged "I don't know, Maybe Washu made it before she left."

The new cabbit suddenly stopped eating and looked up at the skylight. 

"What's wrong?" said Sasami.

Without a sound it jumped off the table and ran for the sliding door to 
the dock. When it reached the glass slider it bumped against the glass 
and fell back. Shaking its head it hopped up and passed right through 
the glass. Sasami and Myuka ran out onto the dock to see the little 
cabbit staring up at the sky, much the way Sasami had been last night.  
As the two girls approached the cabbit ran forward and leapt off the 
dock. To no ones surprise the little cabbit transformed, much like Ryo-
oki but the result was much different. As the transformation completed 
the end result was a ship with 4 crystal pylons similar to Ryo-okis but 
not as long and pointed strait out at each corner instead of the up 
angle of Ryo-okis. Directly below each pylon were smaller diamond 
shaped pylons and at the very bottom was a single diamond shape 
pointing strait down. On top was a blue dome identical to Ryo-okis red 
one. The girls stared in amazement at the new ship and were suddenly 
transported aboard. The ship slowly rose several feet off the ground 
then jetted of into space.

The Yagami was a good size ship but as it approached the large cubical 
mass of the Borg vessel it seemed like a 1 man fighter. Kiyone couldn't 
help but be amazed at the size of the ship but she pushed her amazement 
aside. The Borg had killed her partner and they were going to pay. The 
Borg ship had slowed to a stop a few minutes ago allowing Yagmi to get 
within firing range. Kiyone locked the ship into the targeting computer 
and put the weapons on stand by. 

Washu looked at her holotop as new data came in, then turned to Kiyone 
and said "there scanning us."  More data came over her screen and she 
said "now there haling us."

Kiyone activated the Comm system and a loud voice thundered over the 
speakers.

"We are the Borg, you will lower your shields and surrender your 
vessel." "Your ship is unable to withstand are weapons." "Resistance is 
futile." 

Kiyone practically shouted back over the Comm saying "you are 
responsible for the death of over 100 Galaxy Police officers.."

As if taking no notice of her words the voice said "you will surrender 
or you will be destroyed" And the transmission ended. 

Kiyones anger was almost overtaking her when the ship shook violently. 
The Borg ship had emitted a tractor beam and had Yagami frozen. 
Punching a few commands into her panel, Kiyone launched every weapon 
Yagami had at the Borg, but the ship was without a scratch. Out of pure 
anger she launched another barrage at the ship, still nothing. 

Washu shouted "that's enough Kiyone!"

Kiyone turned and said "Ryoko, launch Ryo-oki," "lets see how the do 
against an organic ship."

Washu stood up and said "Ryoko don't even try it Ryoko."

Kiyone turned angrily and said "what is wrong with you, are you..,"

Cutting Kiyone off Washu said "if we open the air lock they'll see it 
and blast Ryo-oki to bits before she can transform."

 Before Kiyone could argue further an alarm went off in the cockpit. 
"Intruder alert, Intruder alert, Aft cargo hold, Intruder alert."

Without a word Kiyone took off down the hall. Washu shook her head and 
said "Tenchi, Ryoko go with her." They nodded in unison and headed 
after her. Washu looked back at her Holotop and started entering input 
to rotate the shield frequency.

Reaching the cargo hold Kiyone pushed the pad to open the door and 
looked in. Sweeping the room with her eyes and her gun she instantly 
saw the intruders. They were making no effort to hide, there were three 
all clad in black armor with electronic devices attached to them in 
different places. All three had head and eye attachments witch had 
small laser pointers mounted on them. Upon seeing her they began 
walking at a brisk pace toward her. 

Kiyone brought her weapon to bare on the front one and said "freeze!" 

They all ignored her warning and continued to approach.

Kiyone squeezed the trigger and a bolt of energy ripped from the barrel 
and into the chest off the first Borg. It went down in a shower of 
sparks but the others took no notice of their fallen comrade and 
continued to approach. Kiyone fired off two more rounds. The first 
slammed into ones head, destroying the eye piece and dropping the Borg. 
The second blast hit the chest of the 3rd and was deflected by a 
shield. Kiyone fired again with the same result, on top of that two 
more Borg appeared and began moving toward Kiyone. 

"Oh, this is not good" said Ryoko.

Kiyone was a little startled by her voice but no one would have been 
able to tell.

Washus voice came over the speaker saying "Kiyone, they've adapted to 
your weapon, it wont work anymore."

Ryoko ignited her laser blade and said "let's see them adapt to this."      
                             
Ryoko ran strait at the closest Borg, her blade cutting right through 
the shield. The remaining two Borg suddenly stopped. 

Ryoko smiled and said "scared? You should be."

The two Borg suddenly transported away. Ryoko turned with her arm 
folded and a pouting expression on her face "I wanted to beat up on 
them sum-more."

Kiyone couldn't help a grin but the feeling was cut short when the ship 
rocked, more violently then before. 

"Kiyone!" Washu said over the Comm "get up here quick!"

Upon reaching the Bridge all Kiyone, Tenchi, and Ryoko, could do was 
stair wide eyed at the viewer. The Borg ship was cutting into the 
shields with a powerful laser.

"Report!" said Kiyone.

"Report!!!" said Washu "ill give you a report, Thanks to your little 
Captain Ahab quest for revenge were stuck with only 20% shields left.

Kiyone closed her eyes and slammed her fist into the wall. "All right" 
she said "we've got no choice...abandon ship."

Tenchi and the others got up and began heading for the door when a 
massive explosion lit up the bridge. Kiyone turned around expecting to 
see the beam cutting into the hull, instead she saw the corner of the 
Borg ship spark and tear away.

 "What the..?" Said Tenchi.

Everyone stood in awe as another blast tore through the side of the 
Borg ship. The hit was enough to destroy the tractor beam and the 
Yagami floated free. Kiyone hit the boosters and moved away from the 
Borg. 

"Look!!" cried Ryoko.

Everyone turned to see what looked like a close replica of Ryo-oki 
floating between them and the cube. 

A light on Washus panel started to blink. "Their Haling us" said Washu

Punching in a few commands, Washu activated the screen.

"Myuka" shouted Tenchi as his daughter appeared on the screen "what are 
you doing here?"

Myuka shrugged "Ask the ship, it brought us here."

Washu smiled and looked down at Ryo-oki, who returned the smile. Washu 
giggled and said "why didn't ya tell me?" 

Everyone, Including Myuka and Sasami on the screen turned and looked at 
Washu. 

"Washu?" said Kiyone.

Washu stood up, the smile still on her face and said "well first things 
first, the Borg ship has powered down for the moment, their probably 
trying to repair the damage done to there ship." "Second, id like to 
introduce you all to Ryo-okis son, Ki-oki. Instead of cheers, Washu and 
Ryo-oki got a sea of dumbfounded faces.

"What?" said Washu "this is the son of Ryo-oki."

Sasami finally spoke up "Doesn't she need a boy Ryo-oki to have a 
baby?"

Washu sweat dropped and said "um..no Sasami, she doesn't.

Tenchi finally shook his head with a smile and said "well 
congratulations Ryo-oki!"

Ryo-oki looked up at Tenchi and "Miyad" happily.

Kiyone smiled and slumped into her chair with a "sigh" of relief. At 
least they were safe for the moment. Kiyone would have fallen asleep 
but a light blinking on her panel drew her attention. Looking down at 
the controls Kiyones heart almost stopped, Now that the Borg ship was 
disabled, Yagami could scan the inside.

"Oh my God!!!!" 

Everyone turned to Kiyone who was typing commands into her panel. Washu 
looked down at her holo top to see what was up. A GP PDT, There was no 
mistaking the Personal Data Transmitter that all Galaxy Police officers 
had implanted. There were at least 30 of them all spread out around the 
Borg vessel. Before Washu could say anything, Kiyone got up and started 
for the door.    

"Were are you going?" said Tenchi

"They've got hostages, we've got to help them" said Kiyone.

Washu started to speak but Kiyone was already down the hall. "Damn it 
all! Tenchi, Ryoko go with her and keep an open channel."

As Kiyone, Tenchi, and Ryoko materialized on the Borg ship Kiyone stood 
weapon ready, expecting a welcoming party but there was nothing. Kiyone 
looked down the barley lit hallway but there was no sign of activity. 
Pulling out her tracker, Kiyone was still detecting the PDTs but she 
couldn't get a lock on them. 

"OK" said Ryoko "we know were only gona get a few shots with these pee 
shooters, so make them count."

"And don't fire unless you have to" added Kiyone. "Move out."

The three moved forward cautiously, carefully looking over the dark 
hallways and equipment. 

 Tenchi stopped and looked at the strange conduits that were built into 
the wall. "Wonder what these are for?" he said.

"There interface terminals" said Washu over the Comm. "They allow the 
Borg to work collectively. Usually those alcoves are occupied, one Borg 
in each but from what I can tell you guys are in the damaged area of 
the ship. There for, all the Borg there are probably dead."

"Well that's good" said Ryoko. 

Kiyone picked up her tracker witch had begun to beep, indicating an 
approaching GP officer. Before Kiyone could say anything Ryoko stopped 
short.

"Hold it" said Ryoko "you guys here that?"

Tenchi and Kiyone stopped and listened. It sounded like a busted 
machine that was trying to walk. It was the same sounds Kiyone had 
heard in the cargo hold on the Yagami and it was headed this way. 
Ryoko, being in front was the first to see it. She backed away with a 
look of disgust as it emerged from the shadows. It was male, and bore 
the badge and uniform of a GP officer but as Kiyone looked up at the 
face she saw the same black electronic implants the other Borg had. It 
took no notice of them as it walked by and proceeded to one of the 
alcoves where it plugged itself in. Kiyone moved in for a closer look, 
It had definitely been a GP officer at one time but now its skin was a 
strange dark gray color that seemed intertwined with its new implants. 

"OK Washu, start talking" said Kiyone holding a scanner up to the Borg.

"You cant save him" said Washu "he's to far gone."

"What happened to him?" said Ryoko.

Before Washu could explain, Kiyones tracker started to beep again. 
Looking down at the signal Kiyones eyes widened. Without a word she 
took off down the hall. Ryoko and Tenchi looked at each other then took 
off after her. She ran for almost 10 minutes with her to companions 
desperately trying to keep up. Finally she stopped at the entrance way 
to a large chamber. As Tenchi and Ryoko caught up with her they looked 
at what appeared to be the Bridge of the ship. It was a large chamber 
with a cube shaped view screen, probably to monitor all sides of the 
ship at once. As they entered Kiyone looked at her scanner then looked 
slowly to the left. There, on the opposite side of the room was what 
looked to be a modified alcove. It was enclosed with a triangular 
window in front but from what light could be seen inside there was 
something in there. Kiyone slowly approached the window and looked 
inside.

"Oh my God."

Ryoko and Tenchi came up behind her and looked into the window. 

"Mihoshi!!!!" shouted Ryoko.

It was definitely Mihoshi, her eyes were closed and she had a skintight 
black body suit on that flattered her figure nicely. She appeared to be 
unaltered save for a few wires coming from the back of her neck. 

Kiyones couldn't take her eyes off of the scene, she just stood there, 
starring at her friend until she was brought back to reality by a 
strange voice.

"Impressive, isn't it" said the voice.

It was a female voice and very calm, Kiyone and the others looked 
around to find the source but saw nothing. 

Kiyone was in no mood for games, she pulled out her weapon and shouted 
"who are you!!!!?"

"Ah the universal question" said the voice "who am I? Who are you? Who 
are we? It's a question that millions have asked but no one has 
answered."

This only fueled Kiyone anger as she moved into the center of the room. 
"What have you done to Mihoshi"

"Nothing..yet." the voice came this time from directly behind Kiyone. 

Turning around and brining her weapon to bear, Kiyone watched as a 
slender female figure came out of the shadows. She was maybe 5ft 10, 
she wore a black jump suit somewhat like Mihoshis but with a rough 
textured pattern like a circuit board adorning it. Her face was narrow 
with gray skin like the other Borg but all her implants were attached 
to the back of her head leaving her face uncovered.          

"What are you" asked Kiyone. 

"A direct question" said the woman "very well then, I am the Borg."

Didn't make much sense but it was an answer. Washu had said that the 
Borg work collectively like ants or bees so maybe that makes her the 
queen.

"And what are you doing to Mihoshi?" said Kiyone.

The Borg Queen walked over to the holding chamber and opened it. 
Smiling slightly and rather seductively she lightly caressed Mihoshis 
cheek saying "your friend here is quite a challenge, we have her linked 
to the collective but her mind is to complex to extract much 
information from it."                 

In another place and time Kiyone would have doubled over with laughter 
at someone calling Mihoshis mind complex.

"Fine, you can't alter her so let her go!" said Kiyone.

"Its true we cant assimilate her at the moment but it's only a matter 
of time before we have access to her mind."

Kiyone looked at Mihoshi and gritted her teeth "what the hell could you 
possibly want in her mind!"

"Simple information said the Queen "we want to know the strength, the 
number of ships and the weapons information of the Galaxy Police."

Kiyones anger jumped another 2 points as she shouted back "Mihoshi 
doesn't have that kind of info!!!"

The Borg Queen smiled and said "you apparently don't know your friend 
as well as you think..Kiyone."

Kiyones heart went into her throat, "how could she know my name?"

The Queens smile grew as she turned to Tenchi and Ryoko. "I know you 
all, Tenchi, Ryoko, Washu, Sasami, Ayeka, Myuka, and Kiyone. I know 
about the ship Ryo-oki, though I admit we were not ready for the amount 
of power the ship generated.

Kiyone was on the verge of rage, she raised her blaster directly at the 
woman and fingered the trigger. Kiyone was going to end this once and 
for all, she aimed along the sight pointing it right at the female 
Borgs head.

"Kiyone!?"

The voice was Mihoshis but it had not come from her, it had seemed to 
come from everywhere.

The Borg Queen smiled "good of you to join us Mihoshi, I was just 
getting to know your friends."

Kiyone was in complete shock, unable to think or move. 

Ryoko had kept her mouth shut up to this point but enough was enough, 
"OK" she said raising her hand palm out at the Borg "Let Mihoshi go or 
I melt you down for scrap."

The smile on the Borg Queen faded. "Mihoshi" she said "you will give me 
the information I require or I will destroy your friends." 

Kiyone looked over at the motionless form of Mihoshi and said "Mihoshi 
don't do it!"

"This is very simple" said the Queen "you tell me what I want or I 
terminate them now."

A Borg drone came up and grabbed Kiyone, it took away her weapon and 
held her arms at her side. Ryoko clenched her teeth and charged her 
power, ready to blow that Borg Bitch into next Tuesday but a side 
glance from the queen mad her turn around. One of the drones had 
grabbed Tenchi and was holding some sort of saw blade at his neck. 
Ryoko lowered her hand and hung her head in defeat.

The smile returned to the face of the Borg Queen as she said "well 
Mihoshi?"

Washu was franticly punching commands into her Holotop, it had been 
almost 30 minutes since she had lost communication with Kiyone and the 
others and she was becoming concerned not to mention aggravated. Just 
as Washu was about to hail Ki-oki a strange noise made her turn around. 
Tenchi, Ryoko, and Kiyone were all standing on the bridge with looks 
that seemed to be somewhere between sorrow and defeat. Before Washu 
could ask what was happening the Borg vessel suddenly jetted away.

"We have to track them quickly" said Washu.

"Don't bother" said Kiyone sadly "we know were there going."

"Great!! Were?" said Washu

Kiyone looked at Tenchi and Ryoko who returned the worried look. "There 
headed for GP HQ and Juri and then...on to Earth.  

To be continued


