The Gift of the Choushin

By Beagle-san

     Hi!  Merry Christmas, Happy New Years and Happy Holidays!
In case you didn't know, and you probably do, Tenchi Muyo! is owned by
AIC and Pioneer LDC.  This is a non-profit fic.  "The Gift of the Magi"
was written by O. Henry.  To whatever extent legally permissible, the
writing and story are the intellectual property of the author, and may not
be reprinted without permission.

     This story is an adaptation of O. Henry's classic tale of the true
meaning of Christmas.  So, credit must be given to this great American
writer.    The Tenchi Muyo! characters who appear are not from any
particular continuity, as this is an alternate universe story. But the
inspiration for me is always the OVA.  And so, without further rambling....

The Gift of the Choushin

Adapted by Beagle-san

     Check the account once.  Check the account twice. Check it again,
and again, and again.  And still the numbers don't increase.  No sudden
boon from a rich relative.  No sudden discovery that you're royalty in
disguise.  All that's in the account is what has been scrimped and saved for
months, bargaining with the grocer and balancing a budget in a manner that
would do any housewife in Jurai City proud.  But each time Aeka counted,
the numbers never changed.  And tomorrow would be Startica.

     There was nothing else to do but weep into the second hand sofa
that was the centerpiece of the small apartment's living room.  So Aeka did
it.  Life may be made up of sobs, sniffles and smiles, but right now the
young woman with tears trickling down her face could not be convinced of
anything other than that sniffles predominate throughout life.

     While the lady of the house is moving from sobs to sniffles, with
smiles only a remote possibility today, take a look at the home.  A
furnished apartment, so like many others advertised in the copy of the local
paper which lies open next to the young woman who is weeping on the
couch.  Go across from the portion of the "wanted" section which is still
crumpled in the hand of the sobbing girl, and check out the area which says
"apartments for rent".  Sooner or later, meaning everyday, there will be at
least a half dozen advertisements describing the dwelling in question as
"perfect for the young Guardsman and family."

     Having already met the "family", in the form of the pretty girl with
tears in her eyes, an inspection of the homestead would reveal a cramped
yet neat apartment, old but well kept by its inhabitants.  A true starter
home for "young Guardsman and family."  But one in which no occupant
would stay longer than necessary.

     But what of the "young Guardsman?"  Go downstairs to the
entrance hall, where the post boxes are filled with all too many bills, and
not enough paychecks, and attached to the box whose number corresponds
to that occupied at the moment by a young lady drying her eyes, you will
see a card bearing the name "Mr. T. Masaki."  The card is battered, old and
worn, a relic of better days.  But whenever Mr. T. Masaki came home and
reached the apartment on the 5th floor, usually after walking up the stairs
since the elevator seemed to work only on odd numbered Thursdays, he
was called "Tenchi" and would be greatly hugged and kissed by Mrs. T.
Masaki, already introduced to you as Aeka.  Which is all very good.

     Aeka finished her cry and with a resolute sigh put her face back in
order, as women will do after a session of weeping.  The next day would be
Startica, and she did not have enough money to buy Tenchi a present.
Aeka had been saving every credit she could for months, with this dismal
result.  A "young Guardsman's" salary doesn't go far.  Expenses had been
greater than she had calculated.  They always are.  So little money to buy a
present, no, not enough money to buy a present for Tenchi.  Her Tenchi.
She had passed so much pleasant time while performing her household
chores, dreaming of something nice to get for him.  Something nice and
fine and rare and sterling...something which even came close to being
worthy of the honor of being owned by Tenchi.

     Even a starter apartment for "young Guardsman and family" will
have a mirror.  What home, no matter how humble doesn't have a mirror
for the lady of the house to judge her own looks by?

     Into that mirror Aeka now stared.  With a last glance down at the
crumbled advertisement section in her hand, the young woman discarded
the tattered paper into the waste basket, and with determination in her
eyes, she unbraided her hair, letting it fall free in its full body and
length.

     Treasures of rarity and priceless worth are possessed in the most
unlikely of places, if you know where to look.  Even on a rundown street in
one of the more financially deprived sections of Jurai City, treasures
abound.  The cute little blue haired girl who lives two buildings down had
the cooking skill of a master chef, despite not having yet turned ten.  The
cyan haired woman who ran the corner bar owned the most amazing
cabbit, capable of doing almost any trick you could think of, merely for the
exchange of a carrot.

     Now, there were two possessions of the T. Masaki household in
which they both took immense pride.  One was Tenchi's sword, an
heirloom passed down from his grandfather.  Intricately carved, the old
sword enabled the young man to forego the need of drawing one of the
standard issue swords from the Guard's armory.  Instead, the sword would
be tucked into the young man's belt as he left for duty each day.  It was a
common belief in the neighborhood that the Emperor himself had stopped
to admire the intricate sword, commenting on the skill of craftsmen long
gone from Jurai.  The envy of the well-to-do as they gazed at the sword
always thrilled Aeka, knowing her husband possessed something which
others valued.

     The other treasure flowed down her shoulders, reaching very nearly
to the floor.  Aeka's hair.  Had Lady Tokimi herself moved in next door,
Aeka would have let her hair hang out the window to dry, just to devalue
Her Ladyship's galaxies and alternate dimensions.

     And now Aeka's beautiful hair fell about her, cascading down like a
violet waterfall, glistening all the way down to her ankles.  Lavender hair
which her Tenchi never seemed to tire of running his hands through.  And
then, first slowly, but faster and faster, Aeka braided her hair again,
moving with the practiced skill of someone who has performed the same ritual 
on
countless thousands of occasions.  There is a difference this time.  Usually
the sure hands never falter, as they do this time.  Usually the experienced
hands don't have the quivering tremble of nervousness in them, as they do
today.  And never has a tear or two splashed onto the worn tatami floor of
the apartment, as happens now.

     On goes the rest of her outfit, and with a pause at the mirror, Mrs.
T. Masaki prepares to depart her domicile.  A last look in the mirror shows
eyes that are now devoid of tears, but that sparkle with determination.  And
then it's out the door and down the flights of stairs, this not being an odd
numbered Thursday.

     Traveling with Mrs. Masaki, one finds her journey ending in a small
lane just off a main thoroughfare, to find her reading the sign outside of a
business establishment.  "Madame Washu, The Greatest Scientific Genius
in the Universe!"  Well, that's just part of the sign, it's rather an
extensive advertisement.  Keep going lower and you'll find the part that 
Aeka is
reading.  No, not the part that says "Guinea Pigs Wanted."  Lower, beneath
the "Cabbits for Sale" line on the sign.  There, there it is: "Hair Goods of
All Kinds."  With a last look at the sign, to double check the suite number,
Aeka entered the establishment, went up one flight of stairs, and was
greeted by a diminutive young woman, who herself possessed an extensive
mane of red colored hair.

     "Will you buy my hair?" asked Aeka.

     "I buy hair," said Madame Washu.  "But only if you call me Washu-chan!
Unbraid it so I can take a good look at it."

     With a practiced eye to the texture and the weight of the violet
valuables, a price was quickly reached, scissors were reached for, and a
treasure disappeared.

     The deed done, the next few hours were spent in a mercantile
acquisition expedition of immense import.  Which is to say that Aeka was
ransacking the stores, along with hordes of other holiday shoppers, in her
quest for Tenchi's present.

     She found it at last.  It must have been made for Tenchi and no one
else.  There had been nothing like it any of the other stores, and Aeka had
turned them all inside out.  It was a leather scabbard, specially designed
to hold an energy blade.  With platinum engraving of the scabbard, the 
design
was simple yet elegant, proclaiming its value by substance alone, and not
by meaningless ornamentation, as all good things, and people, should do.
It was a gift which was even worthy, not only of Tenchi, but also of The
Sword.

     When Aeka saw it, she knew that it must be Tenchi's.  It was like
him, quiet yet strong, possessing an unmistakable quality that could only be
described as "classic."  The purchase took the funds received from
Madame Washu, er, Washu-chan, in exchange for the violet treasure.
It then took most of the meager savings scrimped over by Aeka for months,
leaving the young woman barely enough for a ride on Jurai City's efficient
but crowded public transportation.

     When Aeka reached home, a look at the Startica Tree and its
humble but heartfelt decorations washed away the last traces of loss for her
one personal treasure.  There would be a gift under the tree this evening
when her husband came home.  And so the young woman made another
visit to the apartment's mirror, curling iron in one hand, hairbrush in the
other, in a valiant attempt to repair the ravages made by generosity added
to love.  Which is always a tremendous task, a mammoth task.

     After 40 minutes of work her head was covered with a multitude of
curls, tiny close-lying curls, that made her look like what she was, someone
trying to recover from a bad haircut.  Finally putting away the repair
tools, as well as other items whose usage had suddenly undergone a dramatic
drop, such as the set of old, worn combs used for putting her hair up, Aeka
looked at her reflection in the mirror long, carefully, and critically.

     "If Tenchi doesn't kill me," she said to herself, "before he takes a
second look at me, he'll say I look like a bounty hunter ready to do battle
with space pirates.  But what could I do?  Oh, what could I do with such a
meager amount in the account?"

     At 7 o'clock the coffee was made and dinner was heating on the
stove, not up to the standards of the little blue haired girl down the
street, from whom this recipe had been obtained, but still a delicious scent
emanated from the kitchen, waiting the arrival of the "young Guardsman"
of advertisement legend.

     Tenchi was never late.  Aeka twirled the ribbon which tied together
the inexpensive yet tasteful wrapping paper around the gift she waited to
give.  Sitting on the corner of the table near the door that he always
entered, she heard his step on the stair away down on the flight on the
floor below.  Aeka turned white for just a moment.  She had a habit of 
saying
little silent prayers about the simplest everyday things, and now she
whispered: "Please Tsunami, make him think I am still pretty."

     The door opened and Tenchi stepped in and closed it.  He looked
thin and very serious.  Indeed, both his father and his grandfather had
regularly noted that he was the serious type, taking after his mother in
that regard.  His garb was that of a Juarian Junior Guardsman, underpaid,
underappreciated, yet always overworked.

     Tenchi stepped inside the door, and stopped, as transfixed as a
cabbit at the scent of carrots.  His eyes were fixed upon Aeka, and there
was an expression in them that she could not read...and it terrified her.
It was not anger, nor surprise, nor disapproval, nor horror, nor any of the
sentiments that she had been prepared for.  He simply stared at her fixedly
with the most peculiar expression on his face.

     Aeka wriggled off the table and went for him.

     "Tenchi, darling," she cried, "don't look at me that way!  I had my
hair cut off and sold it because I couldn't have lived through Startica
without giving you a present.  It'll grow out again...you won't mind, will
you?  I just had to do it!  My hair grows awfully fast.  Say  Happy
Startica!' Tenchi, and let's be happy.  You don't know what a beautiful, 
nice gift I've
got for you."

     "You've cut off your hair?" asked Tenchi, struggling, as if he had
not arrived at that basic fact despite battling over the issue of his eyes'
plain appraisal of the truth.

     "Cut it off and sold it," said Aeka.  "Do you not like me just as
well, anyhow?  I am me, with or without my hair, are I not?

     Tenchi looked about the room, as if looking for some hidden
camera man to come out and reveal the joke at last.

     "You say your hair is gone?" He said, with an air that reminded
Aeka of the times the young man's grandfather had referred to her husband
as a "bonehead."

     "You can look for it all you want, but it shall not be found," said
Aeka.  "It has been sold, I tell you...sold and gone this Startica Eve, my
love.  Be good to me, for it went for you.  Perhaps the hairs on my head
were numbered," she went on with a sudden serious sweetness, "but no
one could ever count my love for you.  Shall I serve us dinner now,
Tenchi?"

     Finally, like a mummy buried for centuries in an isolated cave,
Tenchi seemed to finally awake.  He enfolded his Aeka.  While we gaze on
an inconsequential object in the opposite direction of the couple for the
next minute, let us say the twinkling lights on the Startica Tree, consider
the difference between these surroundings and the Imperial palace visible in
the distance through the small apartment's windows.  A Junior
Guardsman's salary or that of the Emperor himself...what is the difference?
A mere mathematician or even the greatest scientific genius in the universe
would give you the wrong answer.  The Choushin brought valuable gifts,
but such understanding was not one of them.

     Returning to the couple, as our brief sojourn has ended, Tenchi
drew a package from his Guardsman's cloak pocket and placed it on the
table.

     "Don't make any mistake, Ae-chan." he said, "about me."  I don't
think there's anything in the way of a haircut or a shave or an shampoo that
could make me love you any less.  But if you'll unwrap this package you
may see why you had me going for a while at first."

     Nimble white fingers tore at the string and paper.  And then an
ecstatic scream of joy; and then, alas!  A quick change to hysterical tears
and wails, necessitating the immediate employment of all the comforting
powers of the man of the house.

     For there lay The Combs...the set of combs, side and back, that
Aeka had worshiped for long hours in a department store window on the city's
main avenue.  Beautiful combs, pure tortoise shell, with jeweled rims...just
the shade to wear in the beautiful vanished hair.  They were expensive
combs, she knew, and her heart had simply craved over them without the
least hope of possession.  And now they were hers, but the tresses that
should have been adorned by the coveted treasure of her dreams were
gone.

     But she hugged the combs to her heart, and at length she was able
to look up with tear filled eyes gone dim, and smile and say: "My hair
grows so fast, Tenchi!"

     And then Aeka leaped like a singed cabbit and cried, "Oh, oh!"

     For Tenchi had not yet seen his beautiful present.  She held it out to
him eagerly in her open arms.  Unwrapping it, the precious metal and
supple leather seemed to flash with a reflection of her bright and ardent
spirit.

     "Is it not beautiful, Tenchi?  I searched all over town to find it.
You will have to perform sword salutes a hundred times a day now.  Give
me the sword.  I want to see how it looks with the scabbard.

     Instead of obeying this pleasant wifely command, Tenchi tumbled
down on the couch and put his hands under the back of his head and
smiled.

     "Aeka," said he, "let's put our Startica presents away and keep 'em
a while.  They're much too nice to use just at present.  I sold the sword at
Miss Mihoshi's jewelry repair and pawn shop to get the money to buy your
combs.  And now suppose you serve us dinner, my dear?"

     The Choushin, as you know, were wise women, gifted far beyond
mere mortals, who brought gifts to mankind.  They invented the art of
giving Startica presents.  Being wise and mighty, their gifts were no doubt
ones of wisdom, possibly bearing the privilege of exchange in case of
duplication.

     What the wise Choushin would think of the uneventful chronicle of
two foolish young people in an apartment fit only for a "young Guardsman
and family," who most unwisely sacrificed for each other the greatest
treasures of their house, will forever remain a mystery.

     But in a last word to the wise of these or any days, let it be said
that of all who give and receive gifts, these two young lovers are the 
wisest.
Everywhere and every time, they are the wisest and their gifts the most
priceless.  They are the Choushin.  They are the magi.

     So a Happy Startica, one and all or Merry Christmas as the case
might be.  May you be blessed with wisdom in your own attempts at the
giving and receiving of gifts.



     "The Gift of the Magi" was written by O. Henry.  Every year, for
my entire memory, the station manager at the local TV station would tell
this story of the true meaning of Christmas.  Aeka, with her careful care of
her hair was a natural to be cast in the part of O. Henry's Della, while
Tenchi and that rare heirloom sword was perfect for the part of Jim and his
heirloom watch.  C & C can be sent to Beagle-san at beagle_san@hotmail.com.


