Saiyan Moon Goddess: "January 30 was Lady Vegeta4eva's 18th birthday! Congratulations!"

Lady Vegeta4eva: "Thank you TG!"

Saiyan Moon Goddess: "And as Lady V said before, this story is very sad, we warned you. It won't 
end bad, but it's very depressing."

Lady Vegeta4eva: "That's right!"






                      ~Ginkoneko Hikari~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
                      ~Chapter 8 : The Lament of the Ghost~



"No......NO!!!"

"Koneko, wait!!"

Ginkoneko couldn't take it anymore, she ran out off the house, and took off into the storm, 
through the forest. Trunks went after her.

Ginkoneko flew through the big, dark forest aimlessly, the rain hitting her face, she had lost 
Trunks as he also lost track of her. She landed between the tall trees, crying, and not caring 
if she was soaken wet. The noise of thunder ran through her ears.

'Who am I? Where am I from?', she thought desperated.

Just then a lightning struck and hit a tree, a fire started. The whole tree burned, then it 
started to fall toward Ginkoneko. Ginkoneko saw it and sent a powerful ki blast, the tree blew 
to pieces that fell harmlessly to the ground. Ginkoneko sighed in relief. She was about to walk 
away, when another lightning struck and hit her on the back, taking her by surprise.

"Aaaahhhhh!!!!"

The lightning electrocuted her with thousands of volts as she screamed. When the pain stopped 
she fell to the ground, her body smocking. She was barely conscious when she heard a voice 
nearby.

*I'm back.* Those words echoed in her ears. A dark and cold voice. She had heard it before. 
*You will die soon. You should've stayed dead in the first place. Now you'll suffer even more. 
Like 'her'.*

"Who....are....you?", she whispered painfully.

She only heard evil laugher in return. The world went dark for her. As Ginkoneko's body laid on 
the wet, cold ground, she didn't hear the evil laugher turn into a scream of pain, she didn't 
see the tenshi-like, glowing, silver figure that descended from above and approached her, she 
didn't see the figure disappear.


*DREAM*

Ginkoneko stood in a forest, covered in snow. Everything was white, and she felt terribly cold. 
She shivered.

"Where am I? I've never felt so cold in my life.", she said.

She walked around the snow covered forest. The forest looked familiar, but not as familiar as 
the one around her house.

"Hello?", she called, but nobody answered.

Then she heard something. The wind was.....singing. She heard beautiful voices singing all at 
once, and carried away by the wind, they were heard like a humming, but it sounded so sad.

"Where is it coming from?"

She followed the humming voices, trying to find its source, she saw no one.

*I am a ghost.*

"Huh? Who's there?", she asked. The voice she heard was talking in a distant whisper, she barely 
understood what it was saying.

*I am a ghost, a spirit....cursed with eternal life...., condemned to roam the earth for 
eternity.....I am alone....., and I cry endless tears....*

"Endless....tears.", Ginkoneko repeated.

*FLASHBACK*

"...my reality will make you cry endless tears."

*END FLASHBACK*

The child version of herself had said those words in her dream three years ago.

*I am a ghost.*

"Who are you?!", she called again.

"Koneko-chan."

The voice that called her back sounded very familiar and it came from behind her. She turned 
around and saw a woman with pink hair and purple eyes.

"Mother!"

Haiku looked at her sadly. "I'm not your mother Koneko. You have to find your real mother. She 
needs you.", she turned her back to Ginkoneko.

Ginkoneko approached Haiku and placed a hand on her shoulder. "No, you are my mother. If the 
other one gave me up, she's not my mother."

"Go find your mother. She needs you.", was the only thing she replied.

"NO!", shouted another voice.

Ginkoneko looked around to see who yelled, and when she saw no one, she turned back to Haiku, 
but Haiku wasn't there anymore, she was replaced by another woman. Ginkoneko felt the woman's 
pale, ice cold skin, covered in scars. The woman turned around, it was Silver Light, looking at 
her with a serious expression.

"Don't bother looking for your mother kitten. She's dead.", and she disappeared. Ginkoneko 
heard the whispers again, and the wind continued humming.

*I am a ghost.*

*END DREAM*

Ginkoneko opened her eyes slowly, still hearing thunder crashing, she felt warm. She looked 
confused at her surroundings, she was inside a cave, lying beside a small fire. She sat up and 
looked at herself, she was now wearing a red shirt and black spandex shorts, she wasn't wearing 
any shoes.

'What happened? How did I get here? And why are my clothes different?', she thought.

"So, you're awake now."

Ginkoneko looked toward the voice, there, standing at the cave's entrance and staring at the 
dark, rainy sky, was Silver Light, wearing a white tang top and long jeans, and her back turned.

"Silver Light? What happened? Where am I?", she asked her.

"I found you lying on the forest alone. You were unconscious and wet, so I brought you here and 
got you dry clothes."

"I think I was hit by a lightning. And I'm still alive? I don't believe this."

Silver Light chuckled. "It looks like you're tougher than you think, kitten."

"Why do you keep calling me kitten?"

"I bet that nobody calls you that. Besides, that is what Koneko means."

"Well, yes, but-"

Ginkoneko was interrupted by another thunder crashing. Then she heard voices humming a sad 
melody.

"What's that?", she said.

She recognized the voices, they were the same voices she heard in her dream. Distant voices 
singing, carried away by the wind.

"That's the Lament of the Ghost.", Silver Light said, still not looking at Ginkoneko. "It 
happens every night, along with a voice whispering the same words all the time."

"A lament of a ghost? But I never heard it before."

"The Lament of the Ghost is only heard at late night in this forest. If I'm not mistaken, it 
must be pass midnight right now. Maybe you go to bed early. I've always heard it.", she turned 
to face Ginkoneko. "Do you want to hear the story?"

"Sure.", Ginkoneko replied.

Silver Light grabbed her hand and guided her back to where the fire stood, but Ginkoneko pulled 
back when she felt her cold skin.

"Silver Light, why are you so cold? You always look so pale and your skin is covered in too 
many scars. You almost look like you're......But at the same time you look so youthful and 
beautiful. How old are you?"

(Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Ginkoneko was going to say Silver Light looked like she was dead.")

"I think I'm.......about 28 years old?"

"Really? You're only a few years older than me. I thought you we're older than that, but you 
don't look like it."

"Let's forget about it. Sit down."

Ginkoneko and Silver Light sit down, Ginkoneko in front of the fire and Silver Light sitting in 
front of her across the fire. Ginkoneko then heard whispers and the wind continued humming.

*I am a ghost.*

"Is that whisper again. I heard it in my dream."

*I am a ghost, a spirit....cursed with eternal life,......condemned to roam the earth for all 
eternity.....I am alone,.....and I cry endless tears......*

This time she heard the whispers in her mind. They weren't coming from outside.

*I am a ghost.*

"Kitten."

Ginkoneko looked at Silver Light as the whispers stopped.

"I'll tell you the story of the ghost. I've tell this story to many people before, but they all 
think I'm crazy, except the little kids."

Ginkoneko looked at her with complete silence and attention.

"It started thousands of years ago. A little girl was born, but she wasn't a normal little girl, 
she was born unnaturally. She lived her first years with her mother, but then she was taken 
away by an evil person, from that day on, her life turned into a living hell. A hell in which 
she lived and had to endure, her soft heart became hard, and she didn't knew the meaning of 
love, happiness, friendship. She only knew hate and vengeance. Destiny just played with her, 
she was hated by everyone, unwanted, unloved, alone. Destiny didn't want her to be happy at all, 
destiny cursed her with eternal pain. But after many, many years of pain and loneliness, she 
finally found her love. Her heart softened once again, her love ones multiplied, and her bad 
memories were forgoten. She was very happy.", Silver Light took a deep breath, her serious 
expression didn't change, and she continued, 

"Unfortunately, that happiness only lasted a few years. Destiny interfered again and gave her 
something she didn't want. In result, all her love ones were killed, along with the other 
planets of the universe. Destiny's gift attracted a very powerful, evil being that killed 
everyone until she was the only one left. That's when she couldn't take it anymore, all her 
rage, pain, sadness, and anguish was released. She did a suicide attack, destroying the planet 
she was on, and taking away her life along with her enemy. She thought that she could finally 
rest in peace, that she would join her love ones in the after life, but once again, she was 
wrong. 

Destiny cursed her again and turned her into a ghost, trapped for all eternity, she was 
condemned to roam the earth forever, but there was on last thing she did. She never gave up to 
destiny's cruelty. Somehow she kept herself from going insane. She used destiny's gift to her 
advantage and returned one of her love ones back to life. Nobody knows what happened to the one 
she brought back, but I'm sure that whoever it is, is living a normal life. The problem is that 
the person she revived doesn't remember her, and her ghost continues to roam around the earth 
alone. Thought, even in loneliness, she's happy by what she did and does not regret it. She 
roams so much around this forest, that she made the lament, heard every night. The wind carries 
the lament through the whole forest, the spirits around here feel her pain and sometimes they 
sing along with her. It's been like that 'til today, and it still hasn't change. 

So be careful around these areas after midnight, kitten. You might run into the ghost of the 
roaming woman, and there's no telling what she would do. Of course, that doesn't mean she only 
roams around this forest."

"That's horrible.", Ginkoneko said.

"Yes, it is.", Silver Light said. 

"Are you sure that story is real?"

"That's up to you, if you believe it, or you can ask what's making the lament."

Silver Light was right, Ginkoneko could still hear the lament in the wind, singing a sad melody.

*I am a ghost.*

"You should rest now, kitten. The lament should stop sooner or later."

Ginkoneko looked at Silver Light in wonder and thought. 'I can still hear the lament, but how 
come the whispers stop every time Silver Light talks? This is so strange.'

Ginkoneko lay down on the ground, Silver Light closed her eyes and seemed to be meditating. 
Ginkoneko had trouble falling asleep, but eventually she did.

THE NEXT MORNING:

Ginkoneko opened her eyes at the sound of birds singing. She got up, yawned, and streched.

"About time sleeping beauty. You missed the sunrise.", Silver Light said, standing on the 
cave's entrance.

"What time is it?", Ginkoneko said.

"Pretty early. You should go back to your house, your fiance must be worried about you. I heard 
him yelling your name last night."

"My fiance? How did you know?"

Ginkoneko's question was answered when Silver Light approached her and took her left hand, 
looking at her diamond ring.

"That's a beautiful ring you got there.", Silver Light said, smirking. "I hope your marriage 
turns out good. I know of a marriage that didn't last long, because......well, it's nothing 
important. Forget I said that."

"Your skin is colder than ice.", Ginkoneko said, taking her hand away from her, raising an 
eyebrow. "Are you sure you're not a living dead?"

"Very funny, but I could be. Who knows?"

"What do you mean?"

"None of your business, kitten. If I was your friend, I wouldn've tell you, but I'm not."

"If you're not my friend, Silver Light, why are you talking with me? Why did you save me? Why 
did you gave me clothes? And why did you stay with me, and why did you tell me about the 
lament?"

"You don't have to be my friend for me to do all that, you're not my enemy either."

Silver Light walked out of the cave and Ginkoneko followed her.

'She's so weird.', Ginkoneko thought. 'She says she's not my friend or my enemy. What is she 
trying to say?"

Ginkoneko and Silver Light walked through the forest, heading to Ginkoneko's house. Ginkoneko 
would rather fly there, but she wasn't sure if Silver Light could fly, besides Silver Light 
seemed to know her way around the forest. After a few minutes of walking, they heard a voice 
shouting.

"Koneko!", it was Trunks. He landed in front of them.

"Trunks!", Ginkoneko ran to him and hugged him.

"Where were you? I was worried sick about you!"

"I'm not sure.", she replied. "Something happened last night and then I was with Silver Light."

"Are you okay?"

"I'm fine Trunks. But I still can't get that letter out of head."

"What letter?", Silver Light asked, looking suspicious.

Ginkoneko and Trunks looked at her.

"My mother died the day of my birthday and she left me a letter.", Ginkoneko said, looking 
uneasy. "The letter said that she wasn't my real mother. It said that I should look for my real 
mother and-"

"NO!", Silver Light interrupted her, looking angry. 'That idiot! Why did she had to do that?!', 
she thought to herself and continued, "Don't bother doing that!"

"And why not?", Trunks asked, looking suspiciously at her. "Do you know anything about Koneko's 
mother?"

"None of your business, so butt out.", Silver Light said and turned to Ginkoneko. "Don't bother 
looking for your mother! If she abandoned you, then you're better off separated!"

"I don't understand!", Ginkoneko said exasperated. "What do you know about this? I can hardly 
accept my mother is another, I don't really want to look for a woman who gave me up, and you 
inmediately tell me not to bother! Why?"

"She's dead.", Silver Light said simply, but coldly.

Ginkoneko gasped, totally confused and shocked. Trunks pulled her close.

"Hey, stop! You're scaring her! How do you know anyway?!", shouted Trunks angrily.

Silver Light smiled at them, which confused Trunks. Her cold expression was gone.

"I know things you would never imagine. Things so horrible and unfair, you probably would never 
believe it. I must go now.", Silver Light turned around, her back facing them.

"Wait! Where are you going?!", Ginkoneko asked.

"I'm just going to do something important. I won't be gone TOO long. Kitten, it's almost time.", 
then Silver Light vanished, right in front of them.

"Where did she go?", Ginkoneko asked.

"I don't know, but I have a feeling we'll see her again soon.", Trunks said.

To Be Continued.........


Translations: (for those who don't know)


Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Woah, Silver Light is very suspicious, isn't she? What is she planning to 
do? Find out next!"

Lady Vegeta4eva: "And we have an announcement to make: In the next chapter Ginkoneko's mother 
will be revealed!"

readers: *cheer loudly/applauses*

Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Thank you. And please review!!"


NEXT TIME: Ginkoneko and Trunks get married, then Bulma tells them that someone is collecting 
the dragonballs!! Who? And for what? The Blue Lady, the one that appeared in Ginkoneko's dream 
three years ago, appears again (in reality) and convinces Ginkoneko to look for her lost mother, 
who is certainly alive. Also, she tells her that Silver Light knows who her mother is. Will 
Silver Light reveal Ginkoneko's mother, as well as a secret of her own?

NEXT CHAPTER: ~Chapter 9: Ginkoneko's "Friend". Who is Silver Light?~



Check out my other stories:

~War, Loss, and Love~ (DBZ/Tenchi Muyo)
~Twin Princesses Saga~ (Dragon Ball Z) (Prequel to War, Loss, and Love)
~Powerpuff Girls/Rowdyruff Boys' Theather~ (Powepuff Girls)
