Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Finally, I have at least a few ideas. The future chapters are already planed,
but the problem is how to make the middle chapters, or I won't be able to reach the best 
chapters of this story."






                       ~Ginkoneko Hikari~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
                       ~Chapter 4 : Romantic Beach Problems~


Ginkoneko stood up while she stared at the muscular young man in front of her, he had short 
dark green hair and brown eyes. There were two guys almost as big as him behind him, one with 
black hair and eyes, and the other with blonde hair and blue eyes.

"Hey babe, why is a girl as beautiful as you all alone on the chore?", asked the green haired 
guy.

"Who are you?", Ginkoneko asked.

"I'm Kiro, the owner of this beach.", he replied smirking.

The way he talked was so arrogant, Ginkoneko didn't like it, and she would rather see Trunks' 
father smirking.

"Well, Kiro, I'm not alone. I'm with my boyfriend.", she stated calmly. "And he will come back 
shortly."

"How about if you forget your 'date' and go for a swim with me?"

"How about NOT?", she said, clearly annoyed. "Go away please, I'm waiting for Trunks."

"Trunks?", Kiro and his friends burst out laughing. "Your boyfriend is named after.....", he 
laughed louder.

Ginkoneko was soangry, she would've throw him into the ocean water if she could. Just then, 
Trunks approached the small group. 

"Koneko, I got your sun cream.", Trunks said ignoring the other guys.

"Arigato Trunks."

"So you're Trunks, you've got a pretty girlfriend there.", Kiro said when he stopped laughing.

"Yeah.", was the only thing Trunks said to him, he turned to Ginkoneko and smiled. "Let's go 
for a swim."

"Sure.", she replied smiling.

When started to walk off, Kiro stopped them. "Hey, nobody ignores me while I'm talking. The 
girl is coming with me."

"Get a life you baka.", Ginkoneko said frowning and turned to leave with Trunks.

Kiro stopped them again grabbing Ginkoneko by her left arm roughly.

"You're not going anywhere!"

"Let go of me jerk!!", Ginkoneko yelled.

At that, Trunks snapped. Nobody could touch Ginkoneko like that, especially while he was near. 
Trunks pulled Ginkoneko away from Kiro and grabbed him from the collar of his shirt. He did 
exactly what Ginkoneko wanted to do, he threw him into the ocean water. With a loud scream, 
Kiro, a kilometer away. 

After what he did, Kiro's friends ran away scared. Ginkoneko smiled at Trunks.

"Arigato Trunks."

"Are you alright?"

"Yes, arigato for getting that bakayaro of my back. Let's go for that swim."

Ginkoneko ran off, Trunks followed her. They both went into the water and swam far away.

Ginkoneko swam so fast, Trunks almost couldn't keep up. Koneko swam lower and lower, watching 
the different sea creatures as they swam past her. The water was warm, she didn't felt wet under 
it. It was calm and soothing. 

Ginkoneko looked behind her, but didn't see Trunks anywhere. Did she swam that fast, or did she 
swam into a different direction without noticing? She looked around herself, she only saw water, 
and animals swimming. Where is she? Where is Trunks? She felt her lungs burning a little in 
exhaustion. She was running out of air. She swam upwards as fast as she could. When her head 
broke the surface, she looked around. She was VERY far away from the chore!! Koneko tried to 
stay calm. Trunks was nowhere to be seen. She decided to try and swim back, so she sumerged 
under water again. She swam very deep, and saw many colorful coral groups. Forgeting about 
returning to the beach for a few seconds, Ginkoneko approached the corals and admired them.

Ginkoneko felt something tangled in her hair, she turned away from the corals and her hands 
wandered into her hair. It was her necklace. The chain of her necklace was tangled in her hair. 
Ginkoneko opened the lock of the chain and took it off, but suddenly a fast group of fish swam 
past her. Frighten by the sudden approach, Ginkoneko dropped her necklace, it fell into a small 
hole between the corals. She swam closer to the corals to retrieve it. The hole was so small, 
her hand probably couldn't go through. Ginkoneko took the chance, she didn't want to lose her 
favorite necklace, for some reason she felt something special from that necklace, something she 
could never explain.

She reached into the hole, forcing her hand to go through it. As she reached the necklace, the 
hard and sharp rock around it made a few scratches and cuts in her hand. She gritted her teeth 
in pain, but kept going and didn't opened her mouth. After taking out the necklace and puting 
it back around her neck, she looked at her hand, it was bleeding. Now she panicked, because she 
knew what that could cause. She swam back to the surface, just in time to hear someone shouting.

"Koneko, what are you doing there?!!"

Ginkoneko saw Trunks floating in the water a few meters away from her.

"Trunks! I was looking for you!", she yelled.

"I was looking for you too! We're too far away from the chore, let's go back!", Trunks yelled 
back.

"Okay!"

Ginkoneko swam toward Trunks while he waited. He wasn't going to leave her behind. While she 
swam as fast as she could, Ginkoneko felt something strange, like she was being watch. She 
stopped swimming and looked around, as if sensing danger.

"What wrong Koneko?!", Trunks yelled to her.

"Hold on a second!", Ginkoneko replied.

Ginkoneko felt something approaching. Looking carefully in every direction, she saw it, there 
was a big fish swimming toward her at a fast speed. Ginkoneko didn't have to guess what it was.

"Trunks! A shark!!", she yelled panicking.

"WHAT?!"

Trunks knew there was no time to loose, he quickly swam toward Ginkoneko.

Ginkoneko froze on the spot. Her bleeding hand attracted that shark. She didn't know what to do. 
A shark was approaching with no good intentions and she just stood there! Then, a quick thought 
came to her mind. When she was little she heard in school that people could prevent a shark 
attack by being aggressive. But what could she do? Punch the shark in the nose to let it know 
that she wasn't a weak and dying sea creature? (That's what sharks normally eat) Could that 
work? Trunks was still far away, and sharks swim faster. There was no other choice, she risked 
it. If she missed, the shark would probably bite her hand off first.

Ginkoneko found the courage to move again and waited for the shark to approach. When the shark 
opened its mouth to bite her, Ginkoneko closed her eyes, brought her fist forward, and punched 
the shark with all her strength. Everything stopped for Ginkoneko, she could only hear the 
noise of splashes as Trunks swam to her, she opened her eyes, and screamed. 

Trunks finally reached her. 

"Koneko, are you alright?!", he said.

Ginkoneko didn't say a work, she just stared at her hand. Trunks looked at what she was staring 
and his eyes widened in shock. When Ginkoneko hit the shark's nose, her hand went through it! 
She killed the shark with one blow.

The shark's body sank to the bottom of the ocean. Ginkoneko kept staring at her bloody hand.

"How....the hell...did I.....do that?", Ginkoneko said, not believing her eyes. 

"I...don't know.", said Trunks.

"Trunks, let's go back, before more sharks come.....please."

Trunks nodded. He grabbed Ginkoneko from the waist and levitated out of the water.

Trunks flew back to the cliff and landed in front of the capsule house. 

Ginkoneko walked away from Trunks and stood on the edge of the cliff, facing the sunset. Trunks 
approached and stood beside her. Both of them stayed silent, until Ginkoneko spoke.

"How did I do that? Usually I hardly have enough strength to lift little heavy boxes, or 
something like that. I don't think that sharks are made out of paper you know."

"I know.", Trunks replied. "This is unexpected. Tell me Koneko, were there any strong warriors 
in your family?"

"What? No, not that I know of. My mother knows almost the whole history behind our family and 
there were no warriors. But then again, I never knew my father, maybe that's it-"

"You never knew your father? You never told me that."

"Sorry Trunks. That's what I didn't want to tell you. My mother told me that father abandoned 
her when he found out she was pregnant of me. I was born without a father.", a small tear fell 
down her cheek.

Trunks whipped the tear away and put his arm around her shoulders. 

"I'm sorry Koneko. I understand why you didn't want to tell me.", he said with a concerned look.

"It's okay. I'm used to live with mom alone, I just feel sorry for her. That's why she stopped 
trusting men."

"Then let's forget about that subject. We're supose to be having a great time. Come on, I saw a 
fancy restaurant on the beach. We'll eat dinner there, I'll invite."

"Sounds great!", Ginkoneko said excited, forgeting the bad thoughts. "I'll go get ready!"

Ginkoneko ran to the house, with Trunks right behind her. Once inside, Trunks noticed Koneko's 
bleeding hand.

"Koneko, what happened to your hand?", Trunks said.

"My necklace fell into a hole between a coral group, and when I got it out I cut my hand. That's 
what attracted that shark."

"Come sit over here."

Trunks guided her to a table in the living room and she sat down on a chair. Trunks left the 
room, and came back with First Aid Kit.

"Let me see your hand.", he said.

Ginkoneko took out her hand and rested it on the table. Trunks cleaned her hand and wrapped it 
in bandages as gently as posible. Ginkoneko smiled.

'He's so sweet.', she thought. "I'm still confused. Where did I get that strength from? Do I 
still have it?"

Her thoughts were interrupted when Trunks spoke.

"It's ready. Just don't use it too much, okay?"

"Okay.", she replied.



Minutes later, they arrived at the beach restaurant. The sky was dark, with a silver full moon 
shining in it. Ginkoneko was wearing a simple, sleeveless sky blue dress that went to her knees 
and white slippers. Trunks was wearing a black sleeveless shirt (He just looks so good in 
those), black long trousers, a gray jacket with long sleeves, and dark brown boots. (Oh yes!) 
(I guess I like clothes with no sleeves, I love it!) 

They took a table next to a large window. They could see the beach easily from there. After 
ordering what they wanted to eat, Ginkoneko and Trunks talked while they waited for the waitress 
to return.

"You know Koneko, you are pretty strong for not being a warrior. Are you sure you've never 
fought before?"

"I'm completely sure. I've never had a single fight in my life! I thought that fighting wasn't 
for me."

"Well, with some good training you could make a good fighter. Want to try?"

"How?", Ginkoneko asked. "Are YOU going to train ME?"

"That's right."

"That sounds great! Thought I'm not sure, it's sounds dangerous. I'm getting nervous.", 
Ginkoneko looked down at the table.

"Don't be. It'll be a lot of fun. Do you accept?"

"Sure, alright.", she looked at him again.

"Then it's settle."

Just then, the waitress came back with lots of food. They started to eat as soon as she served 
them.



After dinner they went back to the capsule house. They sat on the roof. Ginkoneko was drawing a 
sketch of the moon, the stars, and the beach together, while Trunks admired her work. After she 
finished it, she showed it to him.

"What do you think?", she said.

"Beautiful."

"Arigaro."



LATER:


Ginkoneko and Trunks were asleep in two seperate beds next to each other.

Ginkoneko opened her eyes. She heard some humming, it was soft and beautiful, like a small 
melody. It was barely audible too. She wondered where it was coming from and how she could hear 
it. She didn't know her ears were that sensitive. She stood up from her bed quietly, making sure 
Trunks was still asleep, and walked out of the house. 

It was cold outside. Ginkoneko looked down at herself. She wore a white t-shirt and long blue 
jeans. It was more than enough to cover her for this situation. The humming was coming from the 
edge of the cliff, but there was no one there. Ginkoneko approached the edge and looked down. 
She was surprised to see a woman standing on the bottom of the cliff, in front of the ocean. 
She was humming to herself and had her back turned to Ginkoneko. Ginkoneko couldn't see her 
back, since it was covered completely by some kind of dark cape. She couldn't see her face 
either, she was too far away. She could only make out her glowing hair that shined with the 
moonlight. The woman was only staring at the full moon on the sky. She looked familiar somehow.

'Who could she be?', Ginkoneko thought.

Ginkoneko stared down at the woman as she continued humming, when she heard something else. A 
strong and cold wind surrounded her. She heard an evil laughter fill the air. She looked around 
and didn't see anybody. The laughter got louder, and she heard a voice talking to her.

"So, she brought you back."

"Who's there? Who are you?", she asked, shivering at the voice.

"You don't remember me? Well, that's a surprise. You don't have to remember, I'll just get rid 
of you...now."

"What?"

The cold wind got stronger and started pushing Ginkoneko to the edge off the cliff! Ginkoneko 
gasped and tried to keep her balance, but she couldn't. She fell from the edge. 

"Aaaaaahhhhhhhh!!!"

As she fell, she crashed with many rocks and hit her head hard. 

At the bottom of the cliff, thought Ginkoneko didn't see it, the woman Ginkoneko was staring at 
stopped humming and looked up. She saw Ginkoneko falling toward the ground.



Meanwhile, inside the capsule house, Trunks heard screaming and woke up. He saw Ginkoneko's 
empty bed.

"Koneko!"

He ran out of the room.



Ginkoneko continued falling, yelling, and nobody was there to help her. She closed her eyes. 
Then suddenly, she stopped. She felt herself floating upwards as something, or someone caught 
her. The pain in her head was so inmense she was losing consciousness. She half opened her eyes 
and looked at her saviour. It was too dark to see the figure's face clearly. She could only make
out the glowing aura surrounding it, that almost make it look like a tenshi, and something else. 
It was the last thing she saw before the world went dark.


*Glowing eyes and hair, like the moon*



"Koneko!!"

Trunks ran to Ginkoneko's motionless body that laid on the edge of the cliff. He checked her. 
She was alright, the only injury was a blow on her head. He looked around, he didn't see anyone 
else, and couldn't sense any ki nearby. Trunks picked up Ginkoneko, infuriated and still 
wondering what happened, and walked back to the house. 


He didn't notice he was being watched as he walked away. Above the capsule house, far away in 
the dark sky, a dark but glowing figure stared at Trunks as he walk back to the house carrying 
Ginkoneko. 

To Be Continued.......








Translations (for those who don't know):

baka: idiot
bakayaro: asshole
arigato: Thank you
tenshi: angel




Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Ha! I got you readers so confused, don't I? Who tried to kill Ginkoneko and 
who saved her? You'll have to wait and see. The story is not what you think it is. I warned 
you!"

Lady Vegeta4eva: "On the next chapter, the romantic date at the beach ends. Ginkoneko starts to 
have interest in her up coming training with Trunks. Bra and Goten are going to help, but then 
Ginkoneko starts to have weird nightmares and visions about something. Why? Read and find out."

Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Review please!"


NEXT CHAPTER: ~Chapter 5: Ginkoneko's Dream/Nightmare~


*Check out my other stories*

~War, Loss, and Love~ (Tenchi Muyo/Dragon Ball Z)

~Twin Princesses Saga~ (Dragon Ball Z) (Prequel to War, Loss, and Love)

*Coming Soon* 

~DBZ Becomes a Reality Problem~ (Dragon Ball Z)



