TO ALL READERS: Hey, you know that I'm not going to tell you anything special about Ginkoneko, 
but Haiku, Ginkoneko's mother, is NOT Washu! Really, she not! I'm serious! And I even described 
her! She has very short hair and purple eyes, and her hair IS pink, but a shade MUCH lighter 
than Washu's. Okay?







                    ~Ginkoneko Hikari~ by Saiyan Moon Goddess
                   ~Chapter 5: Ginkoneko's Dream/Nightmare~



Ginkoneko Hikari, a 17 year old teenager that started in the "Orange Star High School" a few 
weeks ago. She met Trunks Vegeta Briefs, who is now her boyfriend and her best friends Bra and 
Goten, who call her by her nickname Koneko. But recently she and friends discovered that there 
is something abnormal about herself. First that she had been drawing a mysterious woman she had 
imagine since she was very little and that looked almost exactly like her. Second, that she had 
a necklace with a gold chain and a silver moon with a star, which she doesn't remember where she 
got it from. Trunks also has a necklace with a silver chain and a gold medal, and he doesn't 
remember either where he got it. One of Ginkoneko's drawings has the mysterious woman holding 
the two necklaces together. What could that mean? And Third, Ginkoneko and Trunks went to the 
beach on their first date and she was attacked by a shark. Ginkoneko discovered (as well as 
Trunks) her unusual strength by punching the shark in the nose and her hand went through it, 
killing it instantly. And not only that, but Ginkoneko discovered a strange woman on the beach, 
then someone tried to killed her by pushing her off a long cliff, and someone else saved her, 
but disappeared right afterwards. Ginkoneko sure has many weird things happening to her. What 
will happen next? 


After their romantic yet weird date at the beach, Trunks and Ginkoneko returned to Capsule Corp, 
telling Ginkoneko's mother that she would come back home later. Ginkoneko was very confused 
after what happened the night before. She couldn't remember what happened at all. Trunks asked 
many times what happened to her, since he found her lying unconscious on the edge of the cliff, 
but she didn't remember a thing. The only thing she remembered was seeing glowing eyes, and then 
she blacked out. 

Once they reached Capsule Corp, Trunks called Bra and told her everything that happened. Sure 
enough she was shock after hearing what he said. She called Goten and told him everything 
Trunks said to her. After recovering from all the shock, both of them agreed to help with 
Ginkoneko's training. They agreed that every weekday they would meet in Capsule Corp after 
school, and every weekend too. They decided to start her training in the forest, and if she 
got stronger, they would use the gravity room. So the four of them left the building and entered 
a forest, far away from the city.

"So, what are we going to do first?", Ginkoneko asked.

"First of all, you're going to learn how to fly.", Bra stated.

"Okay, how am I going to do that?"

"It's quite easy. You just have to concentrate on your ki and expand it.", Trunks said.

"What is a 'ki'?", Ginkoneko asked.

"Your ki is your energy, your life force, your power lever. Everybody has one. Concentrate on 
anything that flies, like birds.", Goten said.

"I'm not sure how to do it."

"There is a more effective way to do this. It's the same way my father taught me how to fly, as 
well as Bra.", Trunks said.

Bra grimaced when he said that. "Uh, Trunks, are you sure about this?"

"There is no better or faster way, sis. Let's go Koneko-chan."

Trunks grabbed Ginkoneko from the waist and he levitated far into the sky. Goten and Bra looked 
like ants from up there, and the nearest city looked like a doll house. They could see 
everything from there.

"Wow, what a view.", Ginkoneko said excited as the sunlight light touched her face and made her 
silvery hair glow.

Trunks just looked down at her with a serious look. "Are you ready?"

Ginkoneko looked up at him a little confused. "Ready for what?"

Trunks responded by releasing her. Ginkoneko's eyes got wide and she let out a loud shriek as 
fell from the sky. Ginkoneko panicked, she didn't know what to do. When she was about to touch 
the ground she stopped. She looked up and saw that she was upside down with Trunks holding her 
by her ankle. She stayed speechless as Trunks floated upward again with her.

"Trunks, you scared me to death!", was the only thing she could say.

"You have to concentrate. Remember what I told you. Don't panic! Concentrate your ki and expand 
it, don't let fear overcome you. Try to think on something that flies, like birds.", Trunks 
replied.

"Easy for you to say.", she muttered.

"You better concentrate this time, because I'm not going to catch you. Understand?"

"WHAT?! Wait Trunks-"

She didn't finish her sentence as Trunks let her go again. As she fell she shrieked again, but 
stopped herself. She remembered Trunks' words and concentrated, she closed her eyes. She kept 
on falling while she tried to concentrate harder. It wasn't working! 

Suddenly she stopped again. Did Trunks caught her again after all? She opened her eyes slowly. 
She was still upside down. Ginkoneko looked up, but Trunks wasn't holding her. She was really 
floating!
Trunks, Bra, and Goten floated toward her.

"Not bad for a beginner Koneko.", Bra said. "Do you think you can move your body so you can 
face us?"

"I don't know.", Ginkoneko said.

Ginkoneko concentrated again, and her body rotated so she could be face to face with her friends.

"You dominated it pretty fast Koneko. I'm impressed.", Goten said.

"Yeah.", Ginkoneko said. "For some reason I feel like I've done this before, but I don't
remember."

"Now that you know how to fly, I would really like to know exactly how strong you are.", Trunks 
said.

The four teens descended until they touched the ground.

"How can I show you?", Ginkoneko asked.

"Hit me.", Trunks said. "Hit me with all your strength."

Ginkoneko looked at him slightly confused. She feared about the shark incident. 

"Are you sure?"

"Yes. Go ahead."

Ginkoneko approached Trunks. She brought her fist and punched him in the cheek as hard as she 
could. Trunks staggered back a few steps as he felt her force. Ginkoneko looked at him worried.

"Oh Trunks, did I hurt you?", she said.

Trunks turned to her holding his cheek, it had a red mark and he had very small trickle of 
blood running down his lower lip. He looked surprised, as did Bra and Goten.

"Not bad.", he said. "Nobody has ever marked me like this with just one punch."

"Yeah, because Trunks has a very hard jaw.", Bra said.

"Gomen.", Ginkoneko said.

"No, it's all right Koneko. It's even better, maybe this training won't be a such a waste of 
time after all."

Ginkoneko's face brighten. "Really?"

"Yeah. Let's begin then."


And so, Ginkoneko's training began. She trained with Trunks, Bra, and Goten on the forest, and 
began to like it, thought her boyfriend and her friends were hard on her when it came to 
training. No pain no gain. She worked as hard as she could, thought her mother Haiku wasn't 
very pleased to know that her daughter was into fighting. It took Ginkoneko a lot of time to 
convince her mother to let her train. She didn't dominate her skill to fly completely, she still 
needed to learn more and her strength didn't match the strength of Trunks, Bra, or Goten, but 
at least it was something.

A WEEK LATER:

It was sunday, Trunks and Ginkoneko were on another date. They went to the cinema and watched a 
romantic movie called "A Love Story". Trunks placed his arm around her shoulcers and pulled her 
close. The movie had a sad ending, because the heroine died in the end. When it ended and the 
lights turned on, Trunks saw a few tears in Ginkoneko's eyes.

"Are you alright?", he asked.

"Yes.", Ginkoneko replied whipping the tears away. "Movies like this always make me cry. It was 
beautiful, but I didn't like the ending."

"Come on, let's go home. It's 9:00 in the evening, and your mother will kill me if you're not 
back home."

Together they walked out of the cinema. The sky was dark with only a full moon shining.

"It's okay Trunks, I can make it home on my own. I can fly now, remember?", Ginkoneko said.

"Are you sure?"

Ginkoneko nodded.

"Okay, but try to go to deserted area before taking off, you don't want to freak out people 
around here, and be careful, these streets are dangerous at night."

"Don't worry, I'll be okay."

"Oyasumi Koneko-chan."

"Oyasumi Trunks-chan."

Trunks walked off into the streets. Ginkoneko walked into another street, the opposite way. As 
she entered a deserted street, she didn't noticed because she was deep in though.

'I wonder when Trunks is going to give me my first kiss. Maybe he's just shy. I can't blame him 
thought, I feel the same way.', she thought and blushed.

A shadow came behind her, she still didn't notice until someone grabbed her arm forcefully and 
pulled her into a dark alley.

"So, what do we have here? A beautiful little bitch to keep us company."

Ginkoneko looked up at the owner of the voice, it was a tall man dressed in old looking black 
shirt and trousers, his dark hair was all messed up and he was holding a big wrench. Behind him 
there were five more men, they were probably a gang or something. They were all looking at 
Ginkoneko hungrily. The men were also dressed in old looking clothes and with their hair all 
messed up, each with a metal weapon. The big guy was still holding her roughly by the arm.

"Please, let me go.", she said a little scared, trying to get away from the muscular man. "I'm 
in a hurry, I need to get home or my mother will worry."

"You don't have to hurry back home, we haven't even started to have some 'fun'.", he said with 
a smirk, close to her face.

His breath smelled like alcohol. (Uh oh) Ginkoneko once again tried to get away from him, but 
he wouldn't let her go.

"Let go!"

"You're not going anywhere until we're finished with you."

The man grabbed her shoulders and pulled her to him, much to her protests, and kissed her 
roughly and quickly on the lips, then started to kiss her jaw and neck, she screamed and tried 
to push him off. The other men just watched the show and laughed. 

As the man started to rip her dress off, she screamed louder and punched him HARD on the face. 
He was sent flying and slamed against a wall, making a crack in it. She stared, terrified, at 
the man that almost raped her, lying motionless on the ground. The other men stared at the body 
in shock. One of them approached the body and reluctantly touched his neck, he quickly backed 
off in fear after what he felt. He glared at Ginkoneko. 

(Well, I wasn't going to let that guy really rape her, and besides, this is supposed to be 'R' 
for violence, I can't go farther than that, I'm fragile with these things too, and I'm not 
talking about the violence. You know what I mean.)

"You bitch! You broke his neck!", he yelled.

Ginkoneko was even more shocked. She killed a person. A jerk and perverted, but a person indeed. 
All the gang glared at her.

"We'll show you what happens when you try to defy us!"

The men approached the shocked Ginkoneko with their weapons ready to strike her, and probably 
try to rape her too. She was ambushed. When the men raised their weapons to hit her....

"I wouldn't do that if I were you."

The drunken men turned and saw a person behind them, covered by the darkness, with his arms 
crossed. The person's figure looked too narrow and curvy to be a man.

"Who the hell are you?", asked one of the men.

The person stepped closer to them and into the moonlight. They could now see clearly who it was. 
It was an adult woman, wearing long jeans, a white tang top, and a navy blue jacket; she was 
VERY beautiful, with long, spiky silver hair and sparkling silver eyes, and her lips red.

The men smirked at her.

"Hey, look here, guys! We have another sexy bitch to keep us company!"

The woman glared at them.

"You better let that girl go, unless you want to get hurt.", she said and gave them a smirk of 
her own.

"You talk tough, for a woman.", said a skinny guy in the group. "I like that. Maybe you'll be 
more fun than this brat."

The skinny man approached the woman holding his weapon.

"Touch me and you're dead.", she said seriously.

The guy ignored her and grabbed her by the collar of her jacket, in less than a second, the 
woman grabbed the collar of his shirt, and she threw him roughly and effortlessly behind her, 
as the other men stared in complete shock. He landed on top of a car, smashing roof, and turning 
on the car alarm. The woman didn't look back, she kept glaring at the other men in front of her 
as she placed her hands on her hips, her right hand going into her back pocket without them 
noticing. The men glared at her.

"Bitch! You'll pay for that!!", yelled another man.

All the guys ran to her with their weapons up, leaving a still frightened Ginkoneko behind. The 
woman quickly took out her right hand from her back pocket, taking out a pocket knife, and 
threw it at one of the men. The knife hit him square on the neck. He gurgled, blood came out of 
his mouth, and he fell dead to the ground. Three down, three to go. Two of the remaining men 
came to her and brought their weapons. One of them swang a metal pipe at her, she simply grabbed 
it when it was just a few inches away from her face. The man was shocked. As the man froze in 
front of her, the woman bent the pipe downwards with her bare hand, and the man was even more 
shocked. She snatched the weapon away from him and bent it even more, before tossing it behind 
her shoulder. Then, in a sudden move, the woman punched the man on the jaw and sent him flying 
backwards, and into a dustman. 

The other guy took out a gun and shot her, aiming at her chest. The woman put her hand in front 
of her chest and grabbed the bullet, stopping it before it could hit her. Who is this woman? 
The man was shocked as well, while the woman smirked, and threw the bullet back at him like a 
coin, it flew through the air faster than his gun could ever shot, and hit him in the head, 
killing him. The body fell.

Only one man standing. He looked at the mysterious woman in total fear. Thinking fast the man 
grabbed the nearest thing to him: Ginkoneko. He pulled her to him forcefully and held a knife 
to her neck. 

"Stay back or I'll open her throath!", he yelled.

Ginkoneko froze, staring at the woman. The woman didn't move, she smirked at Ginkoneko.

"Kid, make your move already. I saw how you killed that guy.", the woman said to Ginkoneko. 
"If you're stronger and smarter than them, don't let them scare you."

Ginkoneko then understanded her words. If Ginkoneko killed one of them, and even a shark 
without trouble, why did she feared them? And the woman killed the rest without effort.

Ginkoneko's frightened expression turned into a glare, she was much stronger than them. She 
felt embarrassed. Ginkoneko freed her hands from the man's grip effortlessly, and in the blink 
of an eye, she moved out of the knife's way  nd snatched it away from the guy. Ginkoneko stabbed 
the man on the chest with the knife before he could do anything. He fell to the floor dead. She 
kept glaring at the body, for some reason she felt no remorse for what she did. The woman behind 
her smiled.

Just then, both women heard sirens nearby. Police cars were surrounding the street, attracted 
by the car alarm that kept making noise. The woman turned to Ginkoneko and grabbed her wrist. 
Ginkoneko almost jumped back. The woman's hand was ICE COLD!! She had never felt anything like 
it. It was like the woman just got out of the North Pole, no, probably worse than that. A chill 
ran through her back.

"Let's get out of here, if the police see us, there will be too much confusion.", the woman 
said, and before Ginkoneko could protest, she pulled her farther into the alley. They ran out 
of sight, until they reached the end of the alley and entered a crowded street.

They walked through the street, mixed between the people. The woman still held Ginkoneko's wrist 
with her icy hand.

"Hey miss, who are you? How did you take on those guys so easily?", Ginkoneko asked.

The woman turned to Ginkoneko and let go her wrist. Then ignoring her question, she looked at 
her up and down with a serious expression.

"Those deserted streets are very dangerous. You should never walk around there by yourself. 
Here.", the woman took off her jacket. "Your dress is torn."

She gave her jacket to Ginkoneko and she put it on. The jacket felt quite warm, Ginkoneko 
started to 

"Thank you."

"Keep it.", the woman said and spotted a cafeteria. "Let's go in there."

The woman entered the cafeteria and Ginkoneko followed her. They sat down on a table and 
ordered something to drink. Ginkoneko looked at the woman and saw her bare arms, she gasped. 
The woman's arms were covered in big, bad looking scars from shoulder to wrist, and her skin 
was VERY pale, almost white. She also noticed the woman slightly shivering.

"My god, what happened to you?", she asked.

The woman looked down at her arms and shrugged, like it wasn't serious. "I guess I've been 
doing more than just saving people from street gangs. Experience makes you stronger and wiser."

"Oh. Who are you? You know, you look a lot like me. It's like you were my long lost sister or 
something.", Ginkoneko chuckled. "I thought I was the only one in this country with silver 
hair."

"Yeah? Well, you've be surprised if you found out what other secret our universe has. Who knows? 
Maybe we are sisters.", the woman smiled. "The name is Silver Light."

"Silver Light? It suits you. I'm Ginkoneko. For some reason I feel like I've known you before. 
Have we met?"

"No, I don't think so."

Ginkoneko looked at Silver Light in the eyes. Then something came to her.

(FLASH)

"Koneko-chan."

"Tenshi!"

(FLASH)

"Papa!! Papa!!!! Don't die, please!!! PAPA!!!!!!!"

(FLASH)

"Mama, I tried! I TRIED!!"

(FLASH)

"AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!"

(FLASH)

"My little kitten, I won't let you have the hell of a life that I had."

(FLASH)

"Earth used to be a beautiful place. Now it's just a deserted, cold, and dead planet, waiting to 
be put out of its misery."

(FLASH) (Back to Reality)

Ginkoneko grabbed her head in pain and squeezed her eyes shut.

"Are you alright kid?", asked Silver Light.

"My head hurts."

As soon as it came, the pain on her head disappeared. Ginkoneko opened her eyes and looked at 
her watch.

"It's almost nine o' clock! My mom's going to kill me!", she yelled panicked.

Ginkoneko drank the ice cream shake she ordered as fast as she could without causing another 
headache.

"Hey, slow down. Drinking a shake like that it's not good for you.", Silver Light said.

Ginkoneko listened to her and slowed down. After she finished her shake, she paid for it and 
stood up.

"Please forgive me for being rude, Silver Light, but I got to go home. Thanks for saving my 
life. Sayonara."

"Sayonara."

Ginkoneko ran out of the cafeteria and flew into the air, not caring if anyone saw her. Silver 
Light smiled sadly.


Ginkoneko landed in front of her house and entered. Her mother saw her.

"Koneko, where have you been?! I was worried about you! You said you would be here before 8:30!"

"I'm sorry, mom. I won't do it again, I promise.", Ginkoneko said ashamed.

Ginkoneko covered her front with her jacket so that her mother couldn't see her torn dress. She 
couldn't bring herself to tell her what happened. 

"Alright Koneko-chan, I forgive you. But don't do that to me again, I love you and I don't want 
to lose my only daughter."

"Okay, I'm going to sleep now."

Ginkoneko walked up the stairs and entered her room. She saw her cat Tsuki sleeping next to her 
bed. She took off her clothes and plaed them in a basket of dirty clothe, and hid her torn 
dress in a drawer. She put her night clothes on, went to her bed, and fell asleep. She still 
thought about that woman Silver Light, the feeling she felt when she looked at her eyes.

*Saddness, anguish, pain, joy, loneliness, emptiness.*

*DREAM*

Ginkoneko found herself in a city, a city in ruins. Everything was destroyed, and quiet.

"What happened?"

Everything was covered in....blood. Ginkoneko worried. She didn't see anyone, just the city 
caked in blood.

Then the scene changed, and Ginkoneko was in front of a destroyed house. It was big, thought it 
was only rubble, blood was everywhere, but no bodies.

"Koneko."

Ginkoneko turned around, she saw a dark figure behind her. She couldn't see who it was, but 
there was no doubt it was a woman. Then the figure glowed and showed her appearence. She had 
long, sky blue hair tied in two low ponytails, pink eyes, and was wearing robes.

"Who are you?", Ginkoneko said.

"Maybe the question is is: 'Who are you?'", the woman said. "You don't know who you are."

"I don't? Then, who am I?"

"I cannot answer that. Now it's not the right time. But I can answer a question you will ask in 
the future. The answer is around you're neck."

Ginkoneko's hand reached her neck and touched her necklace, she took it off and looked at it. 
Confused she looked back at the woman, but the woman was gone. She looked at the necklace again 
and examined it. She turned the moon and star over and was surprised. There was a name written 
on it. Again, something came to her.

(FLASH)

"Mama, that monster killed papa. I don't want to lose you too.

"Don't worry kitten, I will never leave you."

(FLASH)

"Papa, why is that monster after us? Mama said he's after me."

(FLASH)

"Go get help! Get out of here! Aaaaaahhhhhh!!!!"

(FLASH)

"They're all dead. We're the only ones left."

(FLASH) (Back to Dream)

"You're here."

Ginkoneko looked up and saw a little girl in front of her, she gasped in shock. The little girl 
was her! The exact silver hair and golden eyes, and not only that, but the girl was covered in 
blood, with an expression of anguish. She looked about seven years old.

"You shouldn't have come here. This is the dark side. There are no happy memories here. The 
only memories here are of eternal pain and anguish.", the little girl said. "Just keep that 
necklace, and don't forget that name."

With that the little girl turned around and walked away. She disappeared into the darkness. 
Ginkoneko looked at the name on the necklace again and read it out loud.

"Ryoko."

*END DREAM*

To Be Continued..........


Translations: (for those who don't know)
gomen: sorry
oyasumi: good night
-chan: dear (like when you're talking about a close friend or family)
sayonara: good bye
' ': ALWAYS used when a character thinks.



Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Opps, another cliffhanger. Hope you enjoyed it. I guess I have you readers 
more confused with each chapter I post. That means I'm successful in mystery."

Lady Vegeta4eva: "Review please, flames are accepted too."



NEXT TIME: Ginkoneko talks to her friends about what happened, her dreams, and visions. Then 
all of them give their opinions to try and solve the mystery.'

NEXT CHAPTER: ~Chapter 6: Reflections and Opinions~



*Check out my other stories*

~War, Loss, and Love~ (Tenchi Muyo/Dragon Ball Z)
~Twin Princesses Saga~ (Dragon Ball Z)

*Coming Soon*

~DBZ Becomes a Reality Problem~

*Coming Soon, but I'm not sure if I'll write them*

~Sleeping Bubbles~ (Powerpuff Girls)
~Snowcup~ (Powerpuff Girls)
~The Little Blossom~ (Powerpuff Girls)