Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Finally. Now you'll see what'll happen."







~Ginkoneko Hikari~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess

~Chapter 9: Ginkoneko's "Friend". Who is Silver Light?~





A month had passed since Silver Light's disappeareance. Not even Ginkoneko found her in the 
forest. Although, Ginkoneko stayed up late one night and she heard the lament of the ghost,
quickly she went outside to see if she could find her in forest, but there was no trace of her 
at all. Ginkoneko and Trunks' wedding was a week away, so Ginkoneko went to the store to pick
a dress. Ginkoneko was now painting beautiful portraits and selling them to galleries, also
with her guitar, she played in small concerts on hotels and parties, she was very famous for
that.

"How about this one?", Chi-Chi said picking a dress.

"No, too serious.", Ginkoneko said.

"And this one?", said Bra picking another.

"Too revealing.", said Ginkoneko.

"Hey, this one would look perfect on you.", Bulme said.

"Yeah, it looks nice.", Ginkoneko said as she took the dress from Bulma.

Ginkoneko went to a changing room and put on the dress, then came out. The others smiled at her.
The dress had short round sleeves, her neck and chest were uncovered, a big bow behind her, and
the bottom covered her feet. The part over her breasts was decorated with three diamonds, the
center diamond was moon-shaped, and a ring of white pearls around her waist. (You know Sailor
Moon's princess gown? Well, like that, but slightly different.) The dress made her look even
more beautiful than she is.

"You look beautiful.", said Chi-Chi.

"Thanks.", said Ginkoneko.

"I love that dress!", said Bra. "I wish I could wear it at my wedding, when I marry Goten."

"Then maybe I should let you borrow it."

"No thanks, Koneko. I'll try to wear something different. It's okay."

"Then I'll buy this dress."

"It looks expensive.", said Chi-Chi.

"We don't have to worry about that.", said Bulma. "Can you believe that Trunks said he would pay
half of the wedding dress' price?"

"It doesn't surprise me.", said Bra.

"This one is an unique model, brand new.", said Ginkoneko as she read a card attached to the 
dress. "And it's name is 'Goddess of the Moon'."

"That's a good name.", Bulma declared. "No wonder the diamond on the middle of your chest is
shaped like a crescent moon. Let's go and pay for it."

After they bought the dress, they went to other stores. Ginkoneko bought some jewelry, makeup,
shoes, perfume, and hair accesories.




She returned to her home in the forest at night. She placed all the shopping bags in her room 
and glanced at her clock on the table.

"11:30? Already? It's pretty late, I better go to bed, but first a good hot shower.", said
Ginkoneko and started removing her clothes.

That night, she went into a deep sleep. Then she started dreaming.

*DREAM*

Ginkoneko was standing in front of a destroyed house. She turned around. Surrounding the rubble
there was a big snow-covered forest.

"This place....it looks so familiar. But how...?"

"You're back."

"Huh?" 

Ginkoneko turned around and saw a little girl staring at her. The girl was an exact mirror image
of herself, wild gold cat-like eyes and silver hair down her shoulders, but the girl was 
covered in blood from head to toe and was looking grim.

"Remember me?", said the girl.

"Yes.", said Ginkoneko. "You're...You're me."

"Yes, I told you that you shouldn't come back here. But this time I brought you back."

"Why?"

"The monster is coming. Mother will come back soon. She'll be there, at our wedding."

"What?"

"Mother, our mother, is coming back.", said the little girl.

*You're here.*

Ginkoneko turned around and saw a shadow behind her. The girl saw it too and a look of horror
crossed her face.

"It's...It's the monster!", she yelled terrified.

*This time, I'll torture the both of you.*

*PAUSE DREAM/REALITY*

Ginkoneko's body trembled and turned in bed as she groaned. A shadow was approaching as she
continued dreaming.

"While you're busy with your nightmare, I can get you in reality.", said the shadow.

"I don't think so.", a voice echoed in the room.

The shadow turned and saw a bright light in the room.

"YOU!!!!"

*CONTINUE DREAM*

In the dream, a bright light had appeared and attacked the shadow. The shadow instantly 
disappeared screaming.

Ginkoneko watched as the shadow disappeared, relieved and shocked at the same time. The little
girl smiled.

"Mummy!"

Ginkoneko froze. That was the girl's...no...their mother? Inside the light, Ginkoneko could see
a woman, her face hidden by the light.

*Koneko-chan.*

'That voice.', thought Ginkoneko to herself. 'It sounds like mine, but how? Is she really my
mother?'

*END DREAM*

Ginkoneko woke up and winced as the sunlight hit her face. She stared at the ceiling as she
remembered her dream.

"Another weird nightmare.", she muttered. "I wonder if something strange will happen at my 
wedding."


One Wee Later:


"I'm almost finished. You'll be ready in no time."

Ginkoneko was in Bra's room and Bra was fixing her hair for her wedding. Ginkoneko was wearing
her white wedding dress, her always present golden chain with the silver crescent moon and star,
diamond earrings, and white high heels. Bra placed Ginkoneko's hair in beautiful curls and 
placed a long veil over her head and face. After she applied makeup to her face, Ginkoneko
looked into the mirror and smiled. Her lips were painted ice-pink, silver glitter around her
face, black eye liner for her eyes, and to combine with her eyes and necklace, Bra added some
golden-yellow eye shadow to her eyes with a little bit of golden glitter. In Ginkoneko's
opinion it was a very strange combination especially since her lips were the only thing pink.

"Maybe you should've used the golden-yellow lipstick instead.", Ginkoneko said.

"You don't have a golden-yellow lipstick. Besides, ice-pink is a bright color, like the glitter.
It looks good on you."

Ginkoneko decided not to argue and went outside of Capsule Corp. with Bra and into the backyard.
Bulma had decided to have Trunks and Ginkoneko's wedding at the backyard of Capsule Corp. and
they were okay with that, the backyard was enormous. It was full of people, most of them were
old friends of Trunks and Ginkoneko from school, rich people from other business companies 
(invited by Bulma, and all of Bulma's friends, between them there was Goku, Chi-Chi, Gohan,
Videl, Pan, Krillin, 18, Marron, and Goten (Did I forgot anyone important?). The place was
decorated with beautiful colors, flowers, and moons and stars. Pan was the flower girl, she
looked cute in her pink dress, though it was clear she didn't like it. Bra and Marron were 
bridesmaids, and Goten and Vegeta were the escorts. Goten ended up escorting Marron after Vegeta
gave him a murdeous look.

The only problem they had was that Ginkoneko didn't have a family. Her distant uncle still lived
in Europe and she didn't know how to comunicate with him, so Goku volunteered to be her escort
down the isle to where Trunks was standing, waiting for her. (Chi-Chi must've told
him what he had to do.) (Okay, I haven't been in much weddings, but I'm doing the best I can.)

The wedding was short, but what came next was even better. After Trunks and Ginkoneko kissed,
cheers, shouts, and applauses could be heard behind them. Then Ginkoneko smiled and looked at
her bouquet of cherry blossoms. She had insisted on having a bouquet with flowers from her
sakura tree, her ice-pink lipstick did match something after all. She threw the bouquet behind
her shoulder, many young girls tried to reach it, but it fell on Bra's arms. Bra smiled at
Goten as she held the bouquet. Pan threw the flower petals at the newly wed couple as they 
kissed again.

Soon the party started, Trunks and Ginkoneko danced all night under the full moon, not wanting
to break apart. Then Ginkoneko felt something and got closer to Trunks' ear.

"Trunks-chan, don't you have the strange feeling that we're being watched?", Ginkoneko whispered.

"What do you mean? We're the main couple tonight, everybody is staring at us.", Trunks whispered.

"I know, but I feel that someone else is here, staring at us. And I have a strange feeling, I
don't know if it is good or bad."

"Then try to locate whi it is."

"Okay."

Ginkoneko looked around, then a slow and romantic song played. Trunks held his wife closer and
she leaned her head on his shoulder, but he continued searching. Finally she spotted something,
a faint glow, it came from between the crowd of dancing people, but no one seemed to notice it.
Strangely, she felt no ki coming from it. She wanted to investigate, but she didn't want to
worry Trunks. Ginkoneko noticed the glow was disappearing, she worried, fearing that something
could happen. The glow disappeared, but nothing happened.

'What's going on?', Ginkoneko thought.




Despite what Ginkoneko saw, she and Trunks enjoyed their wedding to the max. When it was over, 
they went straight to their honeymoon, but Ginkoneko was still worried, so Trunks asked her if
she wanted the honeymoon to be not too far away from home. She accepted, she felt the strange
feeling again, but this time she felt someone was calling her, so she didn't want to leave the
city. They stayed in a good hotel of South City, Ginkoneko didn't mind. She knew that Trunks
was trying to keep his identity a secret or they wouldn't have any peace, they would be
surrounded by reporters everywhere. Trunks, the heir of Capsule Corp., married with the new and 
soon-to-be-famous rockstar Ginkoneko, was the story of the year.




At Capsule Corp., Bulma was working in her lab while Vegeta trained in the gravity room. Bra was
probably using the telephone and talking to Goten.

Bulma typed on her computer, designing a new invention, when she heard footsteps approaching the
silent lab. Bulma sighed, it was probalby Vegeta, to order her to fix the gravity machine
again.

"Bulma."

Bulma paused, that wasn't Vegeta's voice, it sounded more like...

"Koneko? Is that you?", she said, then thought. 'That's weird. Ginkoneko and Trunks left about
four days ago.', she talked out loud. "Koneko, what are you doing here? I thought you and Trunks
wouldn't be back for a while."

"Bulma, I need to borrow the dragon radar.", the voice did sound like Ginkoneko's, but slightly
different.

"Why do you want to search for the dragonballs?"

Bulma glanced at the lab door, it was still closed, but she could see a woman behind it.

Ginkoneko didn't answer her question, she just said: "Where's the dragon radar, Bulma?"

"You can find it in one of the drawers in my room.", Bulma replied.

"Thanks.", Ginkoneko said and walked away.

Vegeta was training in the gravity room when he suddenly stopped. He gasped, and ran out of the
gravity room. He stood in the door, staring at Capsule Corp. with a glare.

'What is that?!', he thought. 'Who is it?! The ki is huge!! It's way stronger than Kakarot's or
mine, but that's imposible!!'

Vegeta went quickly into the building.


Ginkoneko look through all the drawers until she found the dragon radar, and placed it in her
butt pocket. When she turned to leave, someone else entered the room.

"What are you doing here woman?"

Vegeta went into the room and stared at Ginkoneko. She was wearing a long-sleeved sky blue shirt
and long navy blue jeans.

"I was just borrowing something. Don't mind me. I'll leave now.", Ginkoneko said.

When Ginkoneko tried to leave, Vegeta blocked her path.

"I do mind, especially since I can feel you're ki. You're not my son's mate.", Vegeta said
eyeing her in suspicion. "Who are you?" 

Ginkoneko smiled. "You'll find out, someday."

With that, Ginkoneko disappeared in front of Vegeta's eyes. Vegeta searched her ki again, but 
found none.





"Koneko-chan, isn't that your cellular?", called Trunks.

Trunks and Ginkoneko were in bed, sleeping in each other's arms, when Ginkoneko's cellular
started ringing. They both woke up and Ginkoneko answered her cellular.

"Hello? Oh, hi Bulma.", she yawned, but paused. "What? Your dragon radar was stolen? By whom?"

"I don't know.", said Bulma on the other side of the line. "It was a woman, and I thought it
was you because she had your voice. Vegeta saw her and he told me that she was an exact copy of
you, but ker skin was deadly pale, he hair was spiky, and her eyes were silver."

"What a minute. Did that woman had deep looking scars in her arms and legs?"

"I don't know.", said Bulma. "Vegeta said she was wearing long jeans and a long-sleeved shirt."

Ginkoneko turned to Trunks.

"Trunks, something weird is going on in Capsule Corp.", she said.

"Who's searching for the dragonballs?"

"Silver Light.", Ginkoneko whispered. "She's back.", she turned back to her phone. "Bulma, 
Trunks and I will search for the woman. We'll find out what she wants."

"Wait Koneko! A woman just entered the building.", said Bulma. "She said she wants to talk to
you, and she's wearing weird clothes. Could you come here as soon as you can?"

"Sure. We'll be there."

Trunks and Ginkoneko quickly grabbed their things and flew to Capsule Corp. Bulma greeted them
at the door.

"I'm glad you're here.", Bulma said. "The woman is with Vegeta in the hall."

Trunks and Ginkoneko looked at each other, then followed Bulma to the hall. There they saw 
Vegeta sitting on the couch, glaring at the woman sitting on the couch in front of him, a few 
metres away. She was calmly drinking tea from a cup. When Trunks and Ginkoneko entered the hall,
the woman looked up at Ginkoneko with her pink eyes, her long blue hair was tied in two tails
behind her. She smiled, Ginkoneko didn't.

"Who are you?", Ginkoneko asked.

"You've grown up Koneko-chan. You look beautiful.", she replied. "Just like your mother."

Ginkoneko gasped. "You know my mother? Who are you? What do you want?"

"My name is Tsunami.", the woman stood up. "I came to help you find your mother."

"My mother...is dead.", Ginkoneko said.

"No Koneko, your mother is alive."

"Silver Light told me that my real mother was dead.", Ginkoneko said, frowning. "And even if she
is alive, I have no interest in looking for her. She abandoned me."

"That's not true Koneko-chan.", Tsunami said.

"How do you know? Do you have any proof?"

"The only one who can tell you that is your mother. Silver Light knows who your mother is. She's
hidding her."

"But what does Sivler Light want with the dragonballs?", Trunks asked.

"She's going to make a special wish tonight.", Tsunami replied. "She probably gathered five of
them already."

"Woah, that's fast.", said Bulma.

"Please, Koneko. You have to talk with Silver Light.", Tsunami then lost her smile and frowned
seriously. "Your mother needs your help, and if you don't find her soon, the dark force will
beat you to it."

"What dark force?", asked Trunks.

"I don't have time to explain! Please, Koneko, please say you'll look for your mother."

Tsunami looked at Ginkoneko with pleading eyes, then she looked at the floor with a guilt
expression. WHat was she afraid of? Ginkoneko's expression softened.

"I...", she sighed. "Alright, I'll look for her."

Tsunami looked at her again. "Then you must find Silver Light. She'll call the Eternal Dragon
tonight."

"Then, we wait."



That night, a shadowy figure stood in the dark forest holding a bag.

"It's time." The figure opened the bag and dropped the contents on the ground. The seven
dragonballs.



Trunks and Ginkoneko were eating at Capsule Corp. with Bulma, Vegeta, Tsunami, Bra, and Goten
(Bra invited him), when Vegeta stopped eating and looked up, Trunks and Goten did the same.

"Did you guys feels that?", Trunks said.

"Yeah.", said Goten. "It's the Eternal Dragon."

"Then let's go.", Bra said. "Mom, you stay here."

"Be careful.", Bulma said.

They flew out of the building and saw the inmense dragon floating above the forest, they
dashed toward it.

When they approached, they saw a woman in front of the dragon.

"Silver Light!", Ginkoneko called.

Silver Light ignored them, as if she already knew they were there. She kept her attention on
the dragon.

"What is your wish?", the dragon asked.

"Eternal Dragon,", Silver Light called. "I wish to be MORTAL!"

Everyone, except Tsunami, was surprised when they heard her wish. A bright light engulfed Silver
Light for a few seconds, then it was gone.

"Your wish is granted."

The dragon disappeared, and the dragonballs scattered around the Earth again. Everyone stayed
silent and Silver Light didn't look at them.

"Silver Light, what is going on here?", Ginkoneko said.

Silver Light didn't respond. Ginkoneko then noticed her clothes. She was wearing a large white
cape that covered her back entirely.

'I've seen this before, but where?', she thought, then it came to her.

*FLASHBACK*

Ginkoneko was standing on the edge of a cliff and staring down at the woman standing on the 
bottom of the cliff and in front of the ocean, staring at the night sky. Ginkoneko could only
see a cape covering her back and her glowing hair.

'Who could she be?', she thought.

*END FLASHBACK*

"No way, Silver Light is...", she whispered, then she called again. "Silver Light?"

Still no respose. Nobody dared to speak, it was all too confusing.

"Tsunami, why isn't she responding?"

"She knows we're here.", Tsunami said. "She knows she can't ignore you forever, or hide the
truth."

Just then, without warning, Silver Light spoke. "Tsunami, I thought I told you not to cross
my path again." She didn't turned to look at them.

"I know that you still hate me.", Tsunmai said. "But, I had to do it, Ginkoneko deserves to
know the truth once and for all. And she deserves to know it from you, it's not my place."

Silver Light stayed silent. She and Tsunami were the only one talking at the moment.

"You completely changed your life since that day. You turned into a different person and tried
to foget everything, but it was too much to forget, wasn't it?", Tsunami frowned.

"Shut up.", Silver Light mut ered.

'What are they talking about?', Ginkoneko thought.

"You know that what I say is true!", Tsunami continued. "You even changed your name. Why don't
you  ell her the truth?! Why don't you,..."

"Don't say it.", Silver Light whispered softly.

"...Ryoko?"

"Huh?", Ginkoneko gasped and looked at the back of her nekcklace, the name 'Ryoko' written
in the back of the silver moon.

"SHUT UP!!!", Silver Light screamed.

Her reaction to the name surprised everyone even more. She finally turned around, an angry
expression on her face. Her clothes were almost the same as Tsunami's, and there was a strange
symbol on her forehead, it look like three golden gems.

"Don't call me that! That woman died!", she yelled.

"Will you tell her truth?', Tsunami said calmly. "Or should I tell her?"

Silver Light's expression calmed. She looked at Tsunami seriously.

"I'll tell her.". she said.

"Could somebody tell me what's going on?", Ginkoneko said exaspperated. "Who are you?!"

"I am the woman you've been drawing since childhood.", Ginkoneko stayed silent. "I am the one
that's been saving you from the mysterious attacks." Ginkoneko was shocked and speechless. "I
am the one the roaming ghost of the forest, the creator of the lament, but I'm not really a
ghost. I'm a goddess, the most powerful of them all. You know me as Silver Light.", she closed 
her eyes, took a deep breath and opened them again. "But my real name is Ryoko Hakubi and I'm 
your mother, Koneko-chan."

To Be Continued.....





Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Woah, major cliffhanger! Sorry abput that, school if keeping me busy. Now
I have to concentrate on the next chapter of this story, 'War, Loss, and Love', 'When Two
Emeralds Find Each Other', 'Twin Princesses Saga', and 'Powerpuff Girls/Rowdyruff Boys
Theather'. Too much work. Please review."

NEXT TIME: SILVER LIGHT IS RYOKO?!!!! Well, it looks like Ryoko and Tsunami have a lot of 
explaining to do. Like, why did Ryoko changed physically? What made her the way she is
now? Who is Ginkoneko's father? And who is the dark force? Ryoko will explain part
of the truth and Tsunami will explain another part. Will the dark force appear?

NEXT CHAPTER: ~Chapter 10: Scars From the Past~
