Saiyan Moon Goddess: "This is when the mystery starts to reveal itself a little bit."



Ages:

Trunks: 21
Ginkoneko: 20, but will be 21 soon.
Bra: 18
Goten: 19





                     ~Ginkoneko Hikari~ by Saiyan Moon Goddess
              ~Chapter 7: A Letter of Confesions and Revelations~


Three years have passed since Ginkoneko's weird dreams and visions, the weird events on her 
life, and her meeting with the mysterious woman Silver Light. Ever since that dream with the 
child version of herself, nothing else weird happened on Ginkoneko's life, and she never met 
with Silver Light again. So she left it aside and forgot about it, so did her friends Bra and 
Goten, and her boyfriend Trunks. She lived a normal life with her mother Haiku, thought she 
continued training with her friends. She came out a good fighter, and as time passed, she didn't 
only continue drawing, but she developed a love for music, so she took classes to play piano and 
electric guitar. She espacially loved to play for Trunks. She stopped drawing the mysterious 
woman of all her drawings, but still couldn't keep her away from her mind. She was now 20 years 
old and her studies were over.

Ginkoneko was in her room playing her electric guitar. She was very excited, just a few days 
until her birthday. Her relationship with Trunks got stronger over the years. She was deeply in 
love with him, as he was with her. She wondered what he would give her for her birthday. 
Ginkoneko remembered the olds days, when she met him and her friends for the first time. She was 
wearing her favorites necklace as always, with a gold chain and a silver moon with a star that 
had the name "Ryoko" on the back, which Ginkoneko didn't know what it meant and she still didn't 
remember who gave it to her.

Haiku entered her room.

"Koneko-chan, dinner is ready and you didn't come down. Are you thinking about Trunks again?", 
she asked.

Haiku, Ginkoneko's mother, normally didn't trust men, but one of her biggest exceptions was 
Ginkoneko's boyfriend. She had develope great respect and trust for the young saiyan hibrid and 
she was happy that Ginkoneko was happy.

"Yes mother, I guess my love for Trunks has made my food sensing sloppy."

Ginkoneko put her electric guitar down and went to eat with her mother. At the dining room, 
Haiku wanted to start a conversation.

"Koneko-chan, your birthday is just a few days short. It's your 21st birthday, so it's special."

"Yeah, Trunks is taking me on a date that day. Then we'll come here with Bra and Goten.", 
Ginkoneko said.

"And I'll be waiting with a delicious birthday cake for all of us."

"Thanks mom. My friends love your cooking."

"And how was your training today?"

"It was great. Ever since I learned to use ki blasts, I learned I have unique abilities."

"Really? Can you show me Koneko?"

"Sure."

Ginkoneko stood up from her seat and formed a ki ball on her hand, she squeezed it, and she 
formed a light saber.

"It's a ki sword, I think. It looks like a Star Wars weapon.", Ginkoneko chuckled.

Haiku was shocked. Ginkoneko opened her hand and the sword extinguished.

"Okay. Now this. Observe closely."

In the blink of an eyes, Ginkoneko disappeared in front of her mother's eyes and reappeared 
behind her. She taps Haiku's shoulder and she turned around to face her, but she had disappeared 
again.

"Over here mom."

Haiku turned again and saw Ginkoneko in front of her.

"What was that Koneko?", she asked in awe.

"At first, it was just super speed, but then I discovered I could teleport too. I can also do 
this."

Ginkoneko glanced over at the refrigerator and concentrated her mind. The door of the 
refrigerator opened slowly by itself and a bottle of milk came floating toward Ginkoneko. 
Ginkoneko grabbed it.

"Telekinesis. I need more practice thought. It's a little hard. I can create a forcefield around 
myself for defense, I can duplicate myself in two if needed, and when I can't use my arms or 
legs I can shot needles from my hair. Cool, huh? I'm still looking foward for more unique 
skills. Who knows what else I can do?"

"That's incredible Koneko. I never thought you could go so far. And you enjoy fighting?"

"Yes, well, I normally fight in defense, but when I'm fighting Trunks, Bra, and Goten, I do it 
for fun. I never imagined that sparring was so much fun. I like it."

"Okay, but that doesn't mean you'll be fighting everyone you meet."

"I know mom, I'm not stupid. I never fight without a reason."

Haiku smiled. "That's good to hear Koneko-chan."

"Trunks told me that even his father Vegeta was a little impress by what I could do, but he 
won't show it. At least Trunks can tell. I started to use the gravity room two years ago. I 
still wonder where I got all these powers, I feel like I'm not human at all. What do you think 
mom?"

Silence. Haiku was staring at Ginkoneko. She looked very worried.

"Mother? Are you alright? Did I say something wrong?"

"N-no Koneko-chan, I'm fine.", Haiku said and smiled.

"Okay. Dinner was delicious as always, mom.", Ginkoneko got up from her chair and stretched. 
"I think I'll play my guitar some more after I wash my plate."

Ginkoneko took her empty plate and went to the kitchen. Haiku stayed alone on the dining room.

"Why? Why now? Why do I have this strong feeling that something will go wrong?",  Haiku said to 
herself, a single tear fell from her eye. She stared at the spot where Ginkoneko was sitting 
with a worried and sad expression. "Koneko-chan."


Ginkoneko washed her plate and returned to her room. She played her electric guitar for a few 
hours and sang some of her favorite pop and rock songs as she stared at the silver full moon in 
the night sky. Then something caught her eye. She stopped playing her guitar and put it down, 
she walked to the window and opened it. Ginkoneko looked through her window and saw her pink 
sakura tree, a little far from the house, she liked that tree very much. There was a small 
silver dot glowing inside the tree.

"What is that? Could it be a firefly? No, it can't be. I thought those insects flew in groups. 
But that light is too bright to be a firefly. I better investigate."

Ginkoneko jumped off the window and flew toward the sakura tree, looking around. The coast was 
clear, so she landed and approached the tree with caution. The glowing light was getting bigger
and brighter, then suddenly it stopped glowing. Ginkoneko stood at the bottom of the tree, 
staring at the branches. She saw someone sitting on one of the big branches. It was a woman.

"Hey, who are you?! What are you doing up there?!", she yelled.

The woman, lying on her back and with her arms behind her head, sat up on the tree branch and 
glanced down at Ginkoneko. It was too dark to see who it was.

The woman jumped off the branch and landed on her feet, in front of Ginkoneko.

"So, we meet again kitten.", she said.

'Kitten?', Ginkoneko thought.

(Flash)

"My little kitten, I won't let you have the hell of a life that I had."

(Flash)

Ginkoneko shook the thought away and faced the woman that was about an inch taller than her.

"Who are you?"

The woman looked hurt by what she said, but Ginkoneko didn't noticed because of the dark. She 
quickly hid the hurt expression and chuckled.

"What? You mean that in only three lousy years you've forgoten me?", she said and came closer 
to Ginkoneko. Ginkoneko finally recognized her. The spiky silver hair and silver eyes, the pale, 
almost white skin, covered in scars.

"Are you......Silver Light?"

"In person.", Silver Light replied.

"I can't believe it. It's been a long time. I thought I would never see you again. What are you 
doing in this area Silver Light?"

The silver eyed woman smiled. "It's a little hard to explain. I've been.....walking around here 
aimlessly, not knowing where to go."

"Don't you have a home?"

"No.", she said in an uneasy and slightly sad tone. "I never had a real home, every time I find 
one, it slips out of my hands."

"That's sounds sad.", Ginkoneko said concerned. "Don't you have a family? Don't you have 
someone to care about you?"

Silver Light's sad expression suddenly turned into a cold one.

"Not that it is any of your business. No, I don't have a family and I don't need one."

Ginkoneko was taken back by her words.

"What's wrong?"

"Nothing. I just remembered there's something I have to do. I'll leave now. You should go back 
to your house before your mother notices you're gone."

"Okay. Well, this tuesday is my birthday."

"Oh, really?"

"Yeah, my mother will make a big cake. I wish you would go visit my house and celebrate with 
us."

"Gomen, I can't do that."

"Why not, Silver Light?"

"Ginkoneko, you hardly even know me, and your family knows nothing about me. What would your 
mother think if you brought a sudden stranger to your house?"

"My mom would understand, she likes all my friends."

"I can't be your friend. Sayonara Koneko."

Silver Light turned around and walked away into the forest, and disappeared in the darkness 
before Ginkoneko could say something back. 

"She's so weird. How did she know my nickname Koneko? I didn't told her. And why did she call 
me kitten?", Ginkoneko said to herself and walked back to the house.


A FEW DAYS LATER.......


It was tuesday, Ginkoneko was in her room, getting ready for her date with Trunks while her 
mother left to work. She tied her hair loose in a low ponytail, she wore a pink tang top, with 
a blue skirt, and a navy blue jacket. It was the same blue jacket that Silver Light gave to her 
three years ago, she loved that jacket. After Silver Light gave it to her, she decorated it her 
own way. Now it had a glitter silver moon on the end of each sleeve, the bottom end of the 
jacket was decorated with a complete line of glitter silver stars, and the neck of the jacket 
was now lined with silver glitter. She put her on her pink shoes and sat on her bed, she played 
her guitar while she waited for Trunks.


Meanwhile, Trunks was flying through the forest, toward Ginkoneko's house, when something caught 
his eyes. He stopped. It was a silver dot, shining with the sunlight.

"What is that?"

Out of curiousity, he went to investigate. When he landed behind the bright silver light, it 
stopped glowing, and a woman stood there with her back turned to Trunks. She had long, spiky 
silver hair, she wore a red tang top, short jeans that reached half of her thighs, and red 
tennis shoes.

'Is that Koneko?', Trunks thought.

The woman stood in front of a deep cliff staring foward without moving, the wind played with 
her hair. Trunks stepped a little closer to get a better look, he let out a small gasp. That 
wasn't Ginkoneko. The woman's arms and legs were covered in bad looking scars and her skin was 
pale, almost white.

'What in the world happened to her?', he thought, shocked by the sight of her scars.

"Koneko?", he said out loud, unsure.

The woman turned and looked at him in the eyes. The woman's silver eyes were holding an 
emotionless expression, but Trunks felt something when he looked at her.

'Those eyes.', he thought. 'Why do I feel an atmosphere of anguish in them? I feel like I've 
seen her before, but where?'

(FLASH) (Yeah, I know. You're probably asking : "TRUNKS TOO?!!")

"Hey Trunks-chan, I got something for you!"

"Wow, thanks megami!"

(FLASH)

"Trunks, I'm impressed. For a little boy you sure are getting strong like your father, aren't 
you?"

(FLASH) 

"Are you really a megami or a tenshi?"

(FLASH)

"You will  meet someone very special someday, and she will change your life forever."

(FLASH) (Back to Reality)

Trunks kept staring at the woman as a headache started. The woman turned her back to him, and 
again stared foward. Then she took a step foward, and jumped, headfirst, off the cliff!

"Hey, wait!!", Trunks yelled.

Trunks ran to the edge and looked down, there's was no sign of the woman. She had disappeared. 
Trunks levitated into the air, confused, and continued his way to Ginkoneko's house.


When he arrived, he told Ginkoneko what happened. They kept talking as they flew through the 
air together, holding hands.

"Are you sure that wasn't you?", Trunks said.

"Of course not, I haven't left my house in all morning. How was she like?"

"She was an exact mirror image of you, except she was older, her hair was spiky, her eyes were 
silver, and her arms and legs were covered in scars."

"There's no doubt.", Ginkoneko stated. "That was Silver Light. I saw her near my house yesterday 
night. I thought she was long gone by now."

"Who is she?"

"She is the one that saved me from the street gang three years ago. I don't know why, but I feel 
that our meeting last night wasn't an accident. She seemed so near yet so distant at the same 
time, and when she looked at me, I saw joy in her eyes, then sadness. It's very confusing. I 
wonder if she speaked the truth when she told me that we could be sisters."

"I don't know about that, thought I have the feeling that I've met her before. I don't think 
that'll be the last time I'll see her."

The two flew faster toward the city.


LATER THAT DAY:


Haiku was driving back home from work on her capsule car through the city. She was trapped in 
the traffic.

"Oh dear, why is there so many people shopping today? This happens to be the only line of 
traffic with so many cars.", she said and sighed. "Trunks and Koneko will finish their date and 
go back home before I do if this keeps up."

The traffic continued moving slowly at the green traffic light. Haiku felt pain in her heart, 
and moved a hand to her chest.

"There it is again, that feeling that something bad will happen. I hope Koneko-chan is alright."

Just then, she heard breaks screeching. Haiku glanced to her left, and gasped. Another car from 
another, less crowed traffic line, had passed through the red traffic line and was heading 
toward her at a very fast speed! The driver was apparently drunk.

"Oh no!!", she yelled. She looked around for a way to escape, but her car was trapped in the 
traffic line with nowhere to go, except right into the speedy car. She was surrounded. "Oh 
no.....", she repeated, but this time in terrified whisper.

In only two seconds, the car smashed with Haiku's car, making a loud, metal cracking noise 
throughout the city.

ELSEWHERE:

Trunks and Ginkoneko were walking through a street, Ginkoneko holding Trunks' arm.

"I had a lot of fun today Trunks! Let's go get some ice cream!", Ginkoneko said.

"Okay, but first I'll give you your birthday present. I can't wait any longer-"

They were interrupted by a phone ringing. Ginkoneko took out her small cellular from her purse 
and answered.

"Hello?"

They stopped walking as Ginkoneko continued talking through her phone.

"Yes, I'm Ginkoneko, who is this?......What?", her expression went from happy to shocked. "Are 
you sure?", then to worried, "Where?!", and then to a panicked one. "Okay, I'll be right 
there!!" She hang up.

"Koneko-chan, what's wrong?", Trunks asked concerned.

Ginkoneko dug her fingers into her hair. "Mom was in a car accident.", she whispered as tears 
formed in her eyes and began to sob.

THE HOSPITAL:

Trunks and Ginkoneko went quickly to the hospital where Ginkoneko's mother was. Ginkoneko cried 
on Trunks' shoulder as he held her. They were sitting in the waiting room.

They sat there for two hours, and finally a doctor came out and walked to them. Ginkoneko 
looked at him hopefully.

"How is my mother?"

The doctor shook his head sadly.

"I'm sorry miss, but your mother only has one hour to live.", Ginkoneko looked at him horrified. 
"She has a few cuts on her face, a broken leg and arm, about five of her ribs are broken, she a 
punctured lung, and has internal bleeding, she was also cut up by metal on her chest. She is in 
a critical condition."

Ginkoneko was speechless, she hid her face in her hands and cried. Trunks embraced her.

"Can we see her?", Trunks asked the doctor.

The doctor nodded and walked away. Trunks followed him holding his crying girlfriend. They went 
inside a room, where Haiku was lying on a hospital bed, almost all her body was in bandages, her 
left leg and arm were in casts, and had warious tubes surrounding her. It was a bad sight to 
see, especially for Ginkoneko. She approached the bed and took her mother's hand. Trunks sat 
beside her and they stayed there for more than half an hour.

Haiku's purple eyes opened slowly and glanced at Ginkoneko, who's eyes were red from crying.

"Koneko-chan.", she said weakly.

"Mother. Why did this happen to you? And why today?"

Haiku smiled weakly. "I'm sorry Koneko, I never suspected that this would happen. I know....that 
I.....don't have......much.......time, and there is something.......very important.....that you 
need to know."

Ginkoneko stayed silent, she didn't want to see Haiku like this. She just cried.

"I wanted....to give you....something.", Haiku continued. "It's in a box......under my bed. You 
have to find it.....Please Koneko....."

"Mother....I...."

"I....am....not....", Haiku didn't finish her last sentence. Her head fell back, and she died.

"Mother!!!"

The heart monitor line went flat. Ginkoneko cried over Haiku's dead body, until Trunks pulled 
her away. At first she refused, but then gave up and cried on his chest as he embraced her.


TWO WEEKS LATER:

Ginkoneko was now in her room, lying on her bed, and staring at the ceiling with a blank stare, 
thought she had a few tears in her eyes. After Haiku's funeral, Ginkoneko never finished 
celebrating her birthday, it had been the worst birthday of her life, and Trunks never gave her 
birthday present because of the tragedy. It was night and she couldn't sleep. The house was very 
quiet. Since she was 21 now, she didn't need a new guardian or parent. By law she was over age 
now, she could get a job, but it still hurt. She was alone.

She remembered Haiku's last words, first the box under her bed, and her last words: "I am 
not....." What did she tried to tell? There was only one way to find out. She got off bed and 
walked to Haiku's now empty room. Her stuff was the only thing left. Ginkoneko looked under the
bed and saw a little black box. She grabbed it and sat on the bed, then she opened it. There was
only an envelope inside. She was about to open it, when she heard the noise of thunder. She
looked at her window. It had started raining, with loud thunder and strong winds. She went to 
the window and closed it, then she heard another noise. Someone was knocking on the front door. 
Who could it be at this hour? And with this storm? Still holding the envelope, she put a robe on 
and went to the door. She opened it and a soaken wet Trunks stood there.

"Trunks! What are you doing here?", she said.

"I knew you would be awake at this hour. I came to keep you company."

"Alright, get in before you freeze out here!"

Trunks entered the house and removed his wet jacket. Ginkoneko gave him a towel and he dried 
himself.

"Are you okay?", he said.

"Y-yes, now that you're here."

"Maybe it's not the right time, but I didn't want to leave you alone, even if you needed some 
time to yourself."

Ginkoneko forced a sad smile. "Thanks Trunks. And you....never.....gave me my birthday present 
anyway."

"I can give it to you now."

"Huh?"

"Look.", Trunks took out a small velvet box. "That day I....", he opened the box, inside there 
was a gold, diamond ring. "I wanted to ask you to marry me."

"Oh Trunks.", she said almost crying with joy. "Of course I will."

Trunks placed the ring on her finger, and she smiled, thought she couldn't keep the death of 
her mother away from her mind. Trunks noticed the envelope on her hand.

"What's that?", he asked.

"That's a letter my mother left me. I was going to read it."

"Go ahead."

Ginkoneko opened the letter and read it out loud.

"Ginkoneko,

If you're reading this letter, then I'm gone. The reason I wrote this to you was because I have 
been keeping secrets from you since you were little. But this is something that....I just never 
found enough courage to tell you. I lied to you. I lied to you when I told you that your father 
left me because I was pregnant of you. Actually, he left because he found out I was sterile.", 
Ginkoneko eyes widen a little in shock. "Koneko, I'm sorry to say this, but I'm not your real 
mother......", Ginkoneko couldn't keep reading, the letter fell from her hands.

Trunks grabbed the letter, thought he was shocked too, and continued for her. "It was the same 
day my husband and I divorced, at night. I was depressed and crying.", Ginkoneko tried to 
imagine what the letter said as she heard Trunks' voice.

(FLASH) (This is what Ginkoneko is imagining, according to the letter. In Haiku's P.O.V. and 
everything is exactly as it is written in the letter.)

It was cold outside, and raining with loud thunder. I couldn't concentrate in what I was doing. 
I tried to do my work, but I couldn't. Then I heard someone knocking on my door. Without asking 
myself who could it be, I opened it. A woman stood there. I wanted to take a closer look at her, 
but then suddenly the electricity went out, and it was very dark. I couldn't see her clearly. 
She wasn't wearing  or using anything to protect herself from the rain and she held a small 
bundle in her arms. 

"Who are you? You shouldn't be out with this weather. You could get sick.", I said to her.

"That doesn't matter.", she replied. "I want a favor from you."

"What is it?", I said. 'Why would a strange woman just come here and ask a favor? I don't even 
know her.'

"I know this sounds strange, but I need someone to take care of her. Please.", she handed me 
the small bundle. "I know I can trust you, I can see good things about you Haiku."

"How did you know my name?"

She didn't answer me, she just smiled sadly and said. "Take care of Ginkoneko for me."

I looked at the bundle in my arms, a baby! When I looked back at the woman, she had disappeared. 
Confused as ever, I went back inside. The woman only gave me the baby's name. It was the most 
strangest child I had ever seen. She had silver hair and golden eyes. The baby smiled at me, 
and I felt like a real mother.

I never told my ex-husband about this, I raised the baby as my own and gave her my name. So I 
called her Ginkoneko Hikari.

(FLASH) (Back to Reality)

"And so, I can only say that was your real mother, or so I think. I don't know why she gave you 
up, and I know nothing about your real father. Please don't think bad of me for lying. I'm 
really sorry and I love you, Koneko-chan. If your mother still lives, please try to find her. 
You deserve to know where you're really from.

With all my love,
Haiku."

Trunks put the letter in the envelope. Ginkoneko stood there like a statue.
"No.", she managed to whisper. "It......can't.....be....."

To Be Continued..........


Translations: ( for those who don't know)
sayonara: good bye
-chan: dear
gomen: sorry
megami: goddess
tenshi: angel

Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Major suspense here, right? Well, Ginkoneko thought she would had a normal 
life. She was SO wrong. And I'm sorry I had to do that to Haiku, even thought I created her. 
I'm starting to write DRAMA and ANGST."


NEXT TIME: Haiku's letter has Ginkoneko in a state of pure shock and confusement. She feels 
like she's going crazy, so she runs to the forest to think things over. Silver Light finds her 
and tells her a story about a ghost roaming in the forest. Who could it be?

Will Ginkoneko admit that her mother is another? If she does, will she look for her? I she 
still alive? Who is her mother? And what about her father? So many questions, only a few will 
be answer next time on Ginkoneko Hikari!!!

NEXT CHAPTER: ~Chapter 8: The Lament of the Ghost~
