Disclaimer: I DON'T OWN DRAGON BALL Z OR TENCHI MUYO!!!

Saiyan Moon Goddess: "I don't know where in the world I got this idea from.
It just came to me suddenly, so I started to write it. Just read and
tell what you think, because I'm not sure if I should go on. I decided 
to write another Tenchi Muyo/Dragon Ball Z
crossover. DRAMA/MYSTERY/ANGST/ROMANCE. It's PG-13 because
of the violence in future chapters. Lady Vegeta4eva,
please say the summary."

Lady Vegeta4eva: "Well, actually, I'm just as bad in summaries as
you are, but I'll try. Warning to all readers, this is a very sad
story for one of Saiyan Moon Goddess' favorite Anime characters. I can't
say who it is, otherwise it wouldn't be a mystery. So expect the unexpected.
'What if a new girl with silver hair and golden eyes went to the same school
as Trunks, Bra, and Goten, and falls in love with Trunks? What if she has a 
dark secret from VERY long ago that nobody, not even she know about?'
Well, that's it, or I would be ruining the mystery."

Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Then let the story begin."










~Ginkoneko Hikari~ by Saiyan Moon Goddess

~Prologue~



"Koneko-chan!"

No response.

"Koneko-chan!!"

No response.

The pink haired woman sighed, it was dinner time and her daughter still
had not showed up.

"She's never late for dinner, usually she comes by the smell of food
before I can call her. I wonder what she's doing."

She left the dinning room and started walking up the stairs. Just then,
a little girl, about seven years old, came running down the hallway to her.

"Mummy! Mummy! It's there again!", said the little girl excitely.

"What's there honey?"

"The water puddle in my room that I see every day! It's there again!
Come on, you have to see it!"

The little girl pulled her mother to her room before she could say 
another word.

Inside the room, the little girl showed her mother a small water puddle
beside her bed. The mother sighed.

"Another puddle. But why? It hasn't been raining lately, and I don't
know if the roof has a hole.", she said.

"Well I see it every morning when I wake up, right next to my bed.
It doesn't really look like normal water to me, I touched it before 
telling you about it, and it felt warm. I was thinking about
tasting it.", the girl said smiling.

"How can you think of something like that?! You don't even know if it
is clean! I don't want you to get sick."

The little girl kept staring at the puddle. The woman smiled and stroke
the girl's silver hair. She looked up at her mother with her bright
and innocent golden eyes.

"Koneko-chan, dinner is ready. I'll clean up that puddle later.",
said the pink haired woman.

"Okay.", she replied and ran out of the room, her mother following
her.

After the little girl entered the dining room, she saw a white cat next
to her chair. She approached and stroke her furry little head.

"Mummy, don't forget to feed Tsuki!"

"I won't!", came a reply from the kitchen.



After dinner, the little girl went upstairs, back to her room.

"That was delicious.", she smiled. 

Then she saw something unusual, her room's door was open.

"That's weird.", she said scratching her silver hair and blinking,
confused. "Mummy always closes the door when she comes out, and she
was the last one to come out."

She approached the door quietly through the dark hallway. She could
barely see. She could see a bright light in her room. She felt scared,
she didn't want to go, but she was too curious, so she went for it.

When she poked her head through the door to see what the white light
was about, her golden eyes widened in shock and fear. A figure was 
sitting in front of her window of her room with it's back turned to the
door. It was covered in a white aura, so bright that she couldn't see
what or who it was.

Suddenly the white aura started to die down slowly. When it was out
completely, the girl saw it was a woman looking at the night sky
through her window. She approached her shyly.

"Who are you?", she asked.

The woman turned and looked at her startled, as if she wasn't
expecting anyone to see she was there. But she wasn't invisible, or was
she?

The girl was shocked to see the woman's face. She couldn't see her clearly
by the dark, but she could tell she was beautiful. Even when she looked
startled, her face was bright, her eyes and hair were shining with
the moonlight. It was like she was staring at an angel from heaven. She
could also detect something strange in her eyes, she could see horrible
pain, and anguish.

She approached the woman, wanting to confort her and not knowing why.
She didn't even know who she was. She smiled at her.

"Do you want to play a gme with me?", she asked
innocently.

The woman smiled sweetly.






End Prologue.







Saiyan Moon Goddess: "That was weird wasn't it?"

Lady Vegeta4eva: "Don't miss the first chapter, coming soon."

Saiyan Moon Goddess: "You can try and guess who the little girl
and the strange woman is, but I doubt that you'll get it right."

Lady Vegeta4eva: "Tell us what you think. Should Saiyan Moon Goddess continue?"


NEXT CHAPTER: ~Chapter 1: They Meet~





