~Ginkoneko Hikari~ by Saiyan Moon Goddess

~Chapter 3: Romantic Beach~






The sunlight went through the window and hit Trunks in the eyes. The
half saiyan youth groaned and opened his eyes. He turned in the sleeping
bag and looked up at the bed to see if Ginkoneko was still asleep.

Ginkoneko was sleeping softly on the bed, the sunlight was hiting her face,
but she didn't stir. Her hair was shining with the sunlight, she looked
like an angel; her silver hair was all over her face and she was laying
on her chest with her left arm hanging on the edge of the bed. Trunks
could hear her soft breathing.

Then Trunks noticed that Ginkoneko was slowly sliding off the bed. Trunks
tried to push her back up gently before she could fall on him, but he
was too late. Ginkoneko fell off the bed, and right on top of Trunks, the
impact instantly woke her up.

"Huh? What happened?", she asked confused while opening her eyes.

Ginkoneko had fell on top of something soft, she heard a small groan and
looked down. She has fell on top of Trunks and he was staring at something.
She followed his gaze and her eyes went a little wide, her soft chest
was pressed right against Trunks' flat chest. At least Trunks was
wearing a sleeveless shirt, but Koneko could still see all the muscles
that covered his chest and arms. She stared for a long time, and started
to blush a little. Ginkoneko's hair fell on top of Trunks chest.

(Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Please don't think bad about me. It was just an
embarrasment scene. That's all.")

As Ginkoneko moved away from Trunks slowly, a little embarrassed, her soft
hair tickled his skin.

"Gomen Trunks, I usually don't fall from my bed. Was I too heavy?", she
whispered.

"Not at all, Koneko-chan.", Trunks whispered.

Ginkoneko got up from the floor and tried to recover from what happened.
She actually didn't want to get off Trunks, but if she didn't, what
would've Trunks think about her? She kept her cool, grabbed some
clothes, and entered the bathroom.

Trunks got up from the borrowed sleeping bag, then his hand touched
something soft on the floor beside him. He glanced to his right and 
lifted his hand to reveal small pink blossoms. Trunks stared at them a
little confused.

"Blossoms? From a sakura?", he said.

He looked around the place, but he didn't see any blossoms around the
room, only the ones beside him. Where there any sakuras nearby? He decided
to ask Koneko later as he heard the shower turn on.


Haiku was already awake in the kitchen making breakfast. Ginkoneko almost
never had time to make breakfast weekday mornings since she had to get
ready for school. She knew that Ginkoneko would get to school in no time since
Trunks could fly her there. She hummed softly to herself smiling.

Ginkoneko brushed her hair and got dressed as fast as she could when she
caught the smell of food in the air.

'Breakfast, I better get downstairs before Trunks eats everything.',
Ginkoneko thought, 'At least today is Friday.'

The golden eyed girl grabbed her backpack and dashed down the stairs.
Trunks ran after her.

At the dining room, Ginkoneko and Trunks were eating, while Haiku was doing something
in the kitchen. Ginkoneko couldn't stop thinking about the mystery behind her drawings
of the mysterious lady. The woman did look like her, with a few differences. And
she still could've swore that she knew her from somewhere, but from where? Who was
that lady? Sometimes at night Ginkoneko had very weird dreams about her, thought when
she wakes up, she forgets most of them almost immediately. She took a quick glance
at Trunks, who looked like his mind was elsewhere while he ate. Was he thinking
about the drawings too? They're just drawings. Why did she worried so much about them?
Her thoughts were interrupted when Trunks suddenly spoke.

"Hey Koneko-chan, are there any sakuras growing near this house?", Trunks
asked.

"Sakuras?", Ginkoneko paused, thinking for a moment, then spoke, "Yes, there
is an old sakura a little far from the house. My mom told me it has
been there since the day I was born. It's my favorite tree and the only
one around here. The sakura gives beauty to the forest, its blossoms
are pink and soft, when I was little I played near the tree, and it
also inspired me to draw.", Ginkoneko paused to take a bite out of her
pancakes, and continued, "Why do you ask?"

"I found sakura blossoms in your room, right where that small water puddle
was last night."

"Blossoms instead of the puddle? That never happens, there's a water
puddle in my room every morning, but you found sakura blossoms instead?"

"Maybe it has a special meaning."

"Like the drawing of my moon and your medal? Maybe. May I see your medal
again?"

Trunks pulled out his sliver chain and golden medal, Ginkoneko did the same
with her golden chain and silver moon with a star. They stared at each
other's necklaces curiously.

'I wonder what that symbol on the medal means. I bet Trunks doesn't know
either.', Ginkoneko thought.

'My medal's symbol is so strange, it looks like it's from a royal house
or something.', Trunks thought.

Trunks glanced at a clock hanging on the wall behind Ginkoneko, he put
his necklace back under his shirt and continued eating, Ginkoneko did the
same. If they didn't finish soon, they would be late for school.


After they finished, Ginkoneko and Trunks said their sayonaras to Haiku-san,
and Trunks carried Koneko to school through the air.

When Trunks landed in front of the school's entrance with Koneko, they
saw Bra and Goten already waiting for them.

"Ohayo Trunks, how was your experience on Koneko's house?", Bra asked.

"Koneko has a crazy, but good mother, and I found out Koneko likes to
draw. She even drew me.", Trunks said.

Bra grinned.

"I have to see that drawing."

"Sorry, but I left it at home. I'll show it to you when I truely finish
it.", Ginkoneko said.

"Okay."

The four students walked into the school, classes awaited them.



ART CLASS:



Ginkoneko opened her drawing book into a blank page and started to draw.
She was supposed to imagine a beautiful landscape of nature, with animals,
plants, and maybe rivers, but Ginoneko couldn't even concentrate in her
work, she could only think about Trunks or the mysterious lady she
always drew. 'Why did she always drew that lady?' It was a question that
raced through her mind everytime.

Ginkoneko wiped her sweaty brow, the hot temperature of the classroom wasn't
helping either, she remembered hearing on the news this morning that
today was going to be hot and sunny. She tried to concentrate on the
landscape, but ended glancing to her right, at Trunks. Trunks looked
like he was having trouble concentrating as well. She looked back at
her book and started drawing. She just drew the first thing that came
to her mind. About 15 minutes passed by, she was almost finishing
when she heard the teacher behind her.

"Hikari-san, what is that? You were supposed to draw a landscape.",
the teacher scolded.

Ginkoneko blinked, as if she had just awaken from a trance. She noticed
the teacher behind her and glanced at her work, before she could say a
word, the teacher took the drawing book away from her. She gasped
in shock when the teacher examined the drawing and showed it to
everyone else.

"Wait sensei...", Ginkoneko tried to stop the teacher, but it was too late.

Whistles were heard all over the classroom as the other students saw that
Ginkoneko drew a picture of herself kissing Trunks. Many girls stared at
her with poisonous looks. Ginkoneko just blushed embarrassed, as did Trunks
when he saw the drawing.

"Hikari-san has just showed us what a great distraction love life
is in school.", the teacher said.

Ginkoneko mentally cursed at her sensei. This could possibly ruin her
friendship with Trunks.

The teacher gave Ginkoneko back her book and walked away. Ginkoneko hesitately
looked at Trunks, he was staring at his work, like he was afraid to
look at her.

'Oh no, what if he's angry with me? That baka sensei!', she thought.

Ginkoneko looked back at her book and closed it.

LUNCH TIME:

Ginkoneko saw Trunks sitting alone on a table. She walked to him and sat
across him, looking down all the time. The stayed silent for a few
minutes.

'Is he still angry with me? What should I say?', Ginkoneko thought.

Ginkoneko found the strength to look at Trunks, and found him staring at
her with a blank expression.

"Trunks-chan, gomen nasai. I didn't expected the sensei to see that
drawing. I didn't even noticed that I drew it until I finished it.
Please forgive me. Are you mad?"

"Calm down Koneko, I'm not mad. That drawing just surprised me."

"Gomen, if I embarrassed you."

"You didn't embarrassed me. That drawing was beautiful."

"Arigato, but now everyone will think that.....I'm your girlfriend.",
Ginkoneko said, muttering the last part.

"Well, maybe that's not such a bad idea.", Trunks said smiling.

Ginkoneko looked up at him confused.

"Koneko, I...I wanted to ask you...."

"Yes?"

"Will you....go out with me?"

Ginkoneko felt excited, a big smile formed on her face, and she was speechless.
She tried her best to stay calm, she could feel her heart beating faster.
Her eyes sparkled with happiness and she blushed.

"Yes, of course I will go out with you Trunks-chan!"

The word 'chan' was heard a little too loudly in the cafeteria. All the
students stared at them. Ginkoneko and Trunks sweatdropped. The girls were
glaring at Ginkoneko and the guys were glaring at Trunks.

They ignored the other students and continued eating lunch.

"So, what date?", Ginkoneko asked.

"How about tomorrow? I can take you to the beach."

"That sounds wonderful!", Ginkoneko said, loving the idea.

"Then be prepared for tomorrow. I'll come to get you around 9 a.m.,
okay?"

"Okay, I hope my mom doesn't mind. How much time are we going to spend
there?"

"We can stay until Sunday if you want to."

"I would love that.", Ginkoneko smiled, "Does this mean that I'm your
girlfriend now?"

Trunks blushed, but then smiled back and nodded.

They continued eating their lunch, staring at each other the whole time.

AFTER SCHOOL:

Trunks and Ginkoneko were walking out of school together.

"I wonder where Goten and Bra are, I haven't seen them since this
morning.", Trunks said.

"Neither have I.", Ginkoneko added.

"Did you miss us?", a voice said behind them.

Ginkoneko and Trunks looked behind themselves and saw Bra and Goten
walking behind them.

"Trunks, I heard you asked Koneko on a date. She's your girlfriend
and you can't deny it anymore.", Bra said smiling.

"Yes, you're right."

"Where are you going?", Goten asked.

"We're going to the beach.", Ginkoneko said.

"Excellent place, it'll be so romantic."

"Okay, I'm taking Koneko home now. See you later guys.", Trunks said.

"Sayonara Trunks!"

Trunks lifted Ginkoneko into his arms and flew away into the air.

"Hey Trunks-chan, I was wondering how are we going to the beach tomorrow?",
Ginkoneko asked when they were passing through the city.

"Using capsules. I don't think it is a good idea for people
to see us flying around carrying luggage to go to the beach."

"You're right."

At that moment, they landed in front of Ginkoneko's house. Trunks set 
Ginkoneko on her feet.

"Arigato, for bringing me Trunks-chan."

"You're welcomed. See you tomorrow?"

"Yes."

Ginkoneko hugged Trunks tightly. Trunks hugged her back.

"Sayonara Koneko-chan."

"Sayonara Trunks-chan."

Trunks took off into the sky while Ginkoneko waved sayonara from below.

"Trunks-chan.", Ginkoneko whispered, blushing and smiling.



THE NEXT DAY:

Ginkoneko was outside her house, waiting for Trunks.

"Where is Trunks? It's getting late."

Ginkoneko sighed and walked away from the house. She walked until she reached
a pink sakura tree. It was big with millions of pink blossoms, it was
beautiful.

She approached the tree and sat on the ground, resting her back to it.
The wind blew and a few blossoms fell from the tree like snow, they
fell on top of her silver hair. Ginkoneko smiled and looked up.

"Huh?"

There was someone sitting on one of the tree branches, but it was too
far away for her to see who it was. She stood up and looked up again,
but the person had disappeared.

"Weird. I could've sworn I saw someone up there. I think the morning
sun is making me see things."

"Koneko!"

Ginkoneko glanced behind her shoulder and saw Trunks landing behind her.
She ran to him.

"Hi Trunks-chan! You're late."

"Yeah, gomen. I was looking all over for you. What are you doing here?"

"I was just checking on my tree."

"This is your sakura tree? It's the most beautiful one I've ever seen."

"I know. It has the same age as me. This tree grew a little faster than
it was expected to. I don't know how it grew so fast. It's been 17 years
and it is so big, it looks like it has about 50 years or more. Still,
it keeps giving beauty to this place."

"Koneko, are you ready to go?"

"You bet."

Trunks and Ginkoneko walked away from the sakura tree. It was time to go
to the beach.

ONE HOUR LATER:

Trunks parked the car. Ginkoneko stepped out of the car to admire her
sorroundings. There wasn't a single soul around the beach, thought it
was probably going to get full later. They had the beach for themselves, 
for now.

Ginkoneko and Trunks chose a little spot under the shades to set their 
things, then Ginkoneko took off her clothes and revealed a string silver
bikini that matched her radiant hair, with yellow moons in it, and she
wore her gold chain with the silver moon and star.

Trunks gasped when he saw her, she looked like a beach goddess.

Ginkoneko took a deep breath as the wind played with her hair.

"Trunks-chan, how long are you gonna just stand there staring at me?
Let's have some fun!", Ginkoneko said excited and grabbed Trunks' arm.

"So, where do you want to go first?", Trunks asked.

Ginkoneko paused in thought. Where to start? Then an idea came to her.
Since the beach was empty....

"I know! You said we were going to stay until tomorrow. Did you bring
a capsule house?", Ginkoneko said.

"Yeah, but where can we put it?"

"I just saw a good spot. Over there."

Ginkoneko pulled Trunks with her and showed him a cliff right next to the
beach. It was big, from there the view of the ocean would be beautiful.

"Wow, why did you pick such a high spot?", Trunks asked.

"Just think of how beautiful the view would be.", Ginkoneko said.

Trunks nodded, he levitated to the top of the cliff, leaving Ginkoneko
on the beach, waiting. After examinating the top of the cliff, Trunks
pulled out a capsule and tossed it, the capsule exploded and it its 
place appeared a house. Trunks turned to see the view of the ocean.
Ginkoneko was right. The view was beautiful. Trunks smiled, then jumped
off the cliff. He landed softly on the sand in front of Ginkoneko.

"Let's go back."

Ginkoneko nodded. Both of them went back to where they left their stuff.
Once there, Trunks took off his clothes, leaving only his swimming
trunks (Hahahahahahaha!!! Sorry, I just remembered where his name came
from) a sleeveless shirt, and his necklace on. Ginkoneko stared at him, 
blushing lightly. She looked at him up and down slowly.

'Wow, what an incredible body he has. He most train a lot.', Ginkoneko
thought, contemplating his muscular chest and arms.

"Koneko?", called Trunks.

"Huh? Oh, yes?"

"Let's go.", he offered her his hand.

Ginkoneko smiled and took his hand.

They took a long walk around the beach, enjoying the strong breeze
blowing and the sound of the waves hitting the shore. They could
hear seagulls flying above the ocean.

They walked for about an hour, either talking about school, their family problems
or the mystery behind their necklaces (they're still curious about that). When they
walked back to their spot, the beach was full of people, Trunks noticed that almost every
men around them were staring at Koneko. Trunks protectively pulled her closer to him,
thought Koneko was completely ignoring the other men.

"Trunks-chan, I think I left my sun cream in the car. Can you get it for me?", Ginkoneko
said.

"Sure. It won't take long.", with that Trunks ran off.

Ginkoneko approached the chore and sat down. The salty beach water touched her feet, it
felt warm, the water couldn't reach her legs. Ginkoneko looked at the sand.
She used to make sand castles when she was little. She remembered the first time 
she came to the beach. She made the biggest sand castle on the beach. She giggled at that 
thought, then with her finger she drew a heart on the sand, inside of it she wrote 
"Trunks". Just as she finished it, a big foot stepped on her drawing. Ginkoneko gasped 
and lifted her head.

A pair of brown eyes were staring back at her. 

To be continued.........






Translations: (for those who don't know)

gomen nasai: sorry
sakura: cherry tree, cherry blossom
sayonara: good bye
-san: Mr, Ms, Mrs
ohayo: good morning
sensei: teacher
baka: idiot
-chan: dear (like when you're speaking to a very special friend or person)
arigato: thank you




Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Sorry I had to end it like that, I just ran out of ideas for
know, and I couldn't wait to post it. I'll continue writing as soon as I can, but
this week I got final tests, so be patient. Bye!"

Lady Vegeta4eva: "In the next chapter the romantic date continues."


NEXT CHAPTER: ~Chapter 4: Romantic Beach Problems~ 