~Ginkoneko Hikari~ by Trunks' Girl 787

~Chapter 6: Reflections and Opinions~



Ginkoneko woke up groaning. Her hand went to her forehead, her head was pounding and she was
covered in cold sweat.

"What was that? What that real?", she said.

She knew there was only one way to answer her question. She took her necklace and turned the 
moon and star over. The name Ryoko was written on it.

"I never knew this name was there. Maybe it belonged to someone else before."

Ginkoneko closed her eyes and fell asleep again after she noticed that the sky was still dark.
Another dream took place.

*DREAM*

Ginkoneko was in front of the same destroyed house. The little girl, still covered in blood,
was sitting in front of it, hugging her legs and her head on her knees, crying. Ginkoneko 
approached her and kneeled beside her.

"Why are you crying?", Ginkoneko asked.

"I lost my life, my family, and friends. I'm alone.", the girl replied, not looking at her.

"You have no one?"

"Everyone is dead, including me, my mother is the only one alive. She can't die. My soul was
separated from the others, then you came, you forgot about me and lived a happy life, unlike
mine."

"Forgot you? But you're me, aren't you? How can I forget you?", Ginkoneko said.

"You are me, but you're living a different reality, a happy and perfect one. Forgeting me is the
best thing you did.", the golden eyed girl looked at Ginkoneko. "I know you're curious about
what reality I lived, but don't try to find out, because my reality could make you cry endless
tears. Forget about me, don't come back to this place. I won't let you. That monster will get 
you if you stay."

"Who is that monster?"

"I can't say his name, I won't say it. At least every time he comes here to torment me, mama
comes back and drives him away. He likes to play with your subconsciousness, but you never 
notice, because he torments me, the one that remembers him. He'll come back to your world 
someday, and mama will come back too, that's when you'll remember me. It'll be okay for you to
remember. And you'll remember your real name, the one mama and myself were always proud of.",
she gave a sad smile. "I'll stay here and wait for mama to come back, I'll help her fight that
monster and show her she's not alone. I'll make her proud, I'm strong like my mama."

"I still don't understand.", Ginkoneko said.

"Don't worry, you'll understand.....someday."

*END DREAM*

Ginkoneko woke up at the sound of a clock ringing.

"Uhhhhh, what a dream."

She stood up from the bed and entered the bathroom.



Ginkoneko flew to school with Trunks, Bra, and Goten, who came to get ger after breakfast. On
the way there, they flew in a low speed so Ginkoneko could tell them what happened the night 
before. She told them about the street gang