Saiyan Moon Goddess: "I sure surprised you with the previous chapter, didn't I?"

Lady Vegeta4eva: "Well, the surprises don't end there. There are still a lot of things you'll
see that you won't believe. But we're warning you, it's VERY depressing!"

Saiyan Moon Goddess: "The Drama and Angst has begun."








~Ginkoneko Hikari~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess

~Chapter 10: Scars from the Past~





Everyone stared at Ryoko, speechless. Silver Light is really Ryoko Hakubi, Ginkoneko's mother,
a goddess, the mysterious woman that Ginkoneko always drew, the one that always saved her
from the attacks, the roaming "ghost" of the forest, and the one that gave her and Trunks
their necklaces.



Ginkoneko was now staring at her mother, her real mother, the one that left her at Haiku's
care. She had been in front of her all along. And it was obvious. They were physically alike,
except that Ryoko's hair was spiky instead of cascading down her shoulders, Ryoko's eyes were 
pure silver instead of gold, and Ryoko's skin was cold and deadly pale instead of fair and
warm. Not to mention that Ginkoneko had no idea what that symbol on her mother's forehead
means.

After minutes of silence, Ryoko spoke.

"I know that I have a lot of explaining to do, especially to my daughter.", she said. "But let's
go somewhere else."

Ryoko's eyes glowed white, along with her body. And in a flash, everyone was gone.


In another flash, they reappeared again, but in a different place. They looked at their 
surroundings. The sky was completely black with millions of stars, the ground was white and 
filled with small craters

"Where am I?", said a voice.

Everyone then noticed that Bulma was with them. Bra went to her.
ü
"Mom? What are you doing here?", süe asked her.

"I don't know. I was waiting for you back at Capsule Corp., and then I'm suddenly here. What
is this place?"

"Look around you.", Tsunami said.

Bulma did as she was told and glanced at the sky, she noticed something was missing.

"Hey, where's the moon?"

"Look over there, woman.", Vegeta said.

Everyone looked at the direction Vegeta was looking at, and they gasped. They saw a giant blue 
and green sphere in the sky.

"It's...the planet Earth!", Bra said.

"But, that means that...", Ginkoneko said.

"We're on the moon.", Tsunami said.

"But, how can that be?", Goten said. "The moon has no gravity or oxygen."

"That's a good observation, Goten.", said Tsunami, smiling a little. "Ryoko gave the moon an
atmosphere of oxygen and gravity, like the Earth. You don't have to worry."

Without saying a word, Ryoko started walking away. Tsunami followed her, and the others did too.

After a few minutes of walking, Ryoko stopped, the others behind her. A glowing crystal ball
appeared in front of her and floated in front of her face. The others watched as Ryoko placed
her hands on each side of her crystal ball and they glowed white. A blast of wind surrounded 
them, and out of nowhere, a giant castle appeared in front of them. Everyone, except Ryoko and
Tsunami, were shocked and speechless.

The castle was enormous, about the size of two football courts and as high as a skyscraper.
Decorated in silver and gold, moons and stars. It was beautiful and it glowed with moonlight.

The crystal ball in front of Ryoko disappeared and she calmly walked into the castle as its
giant doors opened by themselves. Tsunami and the others followed her. Ginkoneko, Trunks, Goten,
Bra, Vegeta, and Bulma looked around in awe. Inside this giant palace they were as small as ants.
The ceiling was painted all black with silver moons and stars that glowed, but that wasn't enough
light for the enormous room. They could bearly see, Ryoko's eyes were glowing all the time,
showing that darkness didn't affect her a bit.

'Wow, she lives alone in this huge place?', Bra thought.

Everything was empty and silent, the only thing they heard were Ryoko's footsteps and the sound
of running water. There was a giant fountain in front of the castle's entrance when they came
in, it was decorated with angel statues, moons and stars, and it was about 12 feet tall. It was
the most beautiful fountain they had ever seen.

Indeed, the castle was beautiful, inside and out. But it was dark, it had no windows, and it
was empty. The atmosphere felt cold and sad, silent. Nobody spoke a word as they followed
Ryoko through a corridor. Even if they had millions of questions to ask, nobody talked.

Ginkoneko felt uncomfortable in that place, and Trunks noticed. She was lost in her thoughts,
staring at the floor, her face emotionless. Trunks held his wife close to him, he stared at the
woman leading the group, the one that called herself Ginkoneko's mother. Trunks had a few doubts.
Indeed, Ginkoneko and Ryoko look alike and their voices are the same, but he was still confused.

Ginkoneko was even more confused. Her mother had been found, she had been close to her all along.
Silver Light, no....Ryoko, she had given her that silver moon necklace. It made little sense,
no doubt that necklace was hers, but what about Trunks' necklace? His necklace said "Tenchi"
on the back of the golden medal. If Ryoko gave it to him, could the necklace had belong to....

Her thoughts were broken as she heard the sound of a door opening. She woke up from her trance 
and looked up. Ryoko went inside a large room, the others followed her.

The room was almost completely empty, but it had lots of luxurious furniture in the center.
Everyone sat down, Tsunami and Ryoko sat next to each other, thought Ryoko kept some distance
from Tsunami. The others sat in front of them. Nobody spoke, so Tsunami took word.

"Ginkoneko, if you have questions, it is your right to ask them.", she said.

Ginkoneko took a deep breath, and spoke, with difficulty. She stared at Ryoko.

"W-Why?....Why did you left me?", she asked.

"I had to.", said Ryoko, her face emotionless. "If I had not left you with Haiku, you would've
never had a normal life."

"I don't understand."

"That's just it.", said Ryoko. "You could never understand the situation, since you forgot."

"What did I forget?", said Ginkoneko. "Who am I?"

"Your real name is Ginkoneko Masaki Hakubi.", said Ryoko.

"What about these necklaces?", said Trunks.

"That silver moon necklace was mine.", said Ryoko. "Your father gave it to me as a wedding
present. And Trunks' necklace is the one I gave him as a wedding present."

"Who is my father then?", said Ginkoneko. "And where is he?"

"Your father was Tenchi Masaki.", Ryoko's expression changed slightly as she said the name.
"He is....dead."

"That's what you said about her mother last time.", said Trunks. "And her mother turned out
to be you."

"Ryoko is not lying.", said Tsunami. "Tenchi died a long time ago."

"How?", Ginkoneko said, looking sad. "I want to know."

Ryoko's hands tighten into fists and shook a little. No one, but Ginkoneko and Tsunami, noticed.
Ryoko then seemed to change the subject.

"After I gave you to Haiku, I never abandoned you.", she said. "I visited you every day, but
stayed invisible. Nobody was supposed to see me. I was like a ghost, or probably a guardian
tenshi. I always watched you as you played in the forest, I saw you when you went to school,
everything. Every night, I stayed in your room and watched you sleep, and you would never
notice....Then one night, I sat in front of your window and stared at the night sky. I was alone,
until you came in. You had just finished eating dinner (The prologue). But what surprised me
the most is that you saw me. I had let my guard down and dropped my invisibility. I thought you
would scream and run away from me, but you didn't. You accepted me and called me tenshi. From
that day on, I was never invisible to you again. We played games together and had lots of fun.
You thought I was your guardian tenshi, and you were right. But three years later....I decided
it was better for you to not see me again. Haiku had found out that you were playing and talking
about a woman that appeared at night, and she was beginning to worry about you. So I gave you
one last present before saying goodbye. And I erased your memories of me. So you didn't
remember who gave you your favorite necklace."

"What about me?", asked Trunks.

Ryoko turned to Trunks. "I am a goddess, Trunks. I know everything. So I knew from the very 
beginning that you and Ginkoneko would fall in love with each other and marry. I wanted to be
sure that you would be good enough for her, so I visited you and got to know you when I wasn't
with Ginkoneko. You and I met when you were 7 years old, just like Koneko. When you saw me for
the first time, you didn't call me tenshi like Koneko did, you called me megami. You said I was
the most beautiful creature you had ever seen."

Trunks blushed.

"I found out you were the most mischievous boy I had ever met.", Ryoko continued. "You were
always causing trouble. And you almost told you best friend Goten about me, but I made you
promise not to do it. You considered me your second best friend, and we had lots of fun together,
in your way that is. So you and I always spared together. I always won, my moves always surprised
you. And you were a great kid. But then Vegeta almost discovered me one day, so I decided to 
disappear again. I gave you your necklace before erasing your memories of me. I'm not surprised
you don't remember."

"You're right, I don't.", said Trunks.

"Ryoko, I want to know what is this dark force that everyone is talking about.", said Ginkoneko.

"His name is Shi.", said Ryoko. "He is a powerful entity capable of destroying the universe.
It all started the day you were born. Shi came out of nowhere, saying he was looking for the
one with silver hair. I had no idea what he was talking about at that time, but I knew he was
evil. He brought three minions with him. Each one more powerful than the last. Yoko, Katu,
and Kumichi. Yoko called herself the mistress of darkness, she was the second strongest of the
group. A real bitch. She destroyed planet Jurai, where your father's royal bloodline came."

"My father was a prince?", asked Ginkoneko.

"Yes, the first crown prince of planet Jurai, but he never went for the throne.", said Ryoko. "So
Ayeka, his granpa's half sister and first crown princess of Jurai, took the throne when he
proposed marriage to me. She and I were rivals for Tenchi's love."

"I don't get it.", said Goten. "If she's his grandpa's sister, she must be way older than him."

"Oh yes, she was.", said Ryoko. "Ayeka and I were the same age. Both of us were 2017 years
old."

Everyone's mouth dropped open. Ryoko and Tsunami were not surprised by this.

"You look stupid like that, you know.", said Ryoko, still emotionless. "My mother was 20,000
years old and Sasami, Ayeka's little sister, was about 700 years old, but she looked like an
eleven year old, and my mother Washu always had the body of a twelve year old. As for Ayeka
and me, we could also control our age and looked like 17 years old. My other friends, the
Galaxy Police officers Mihoshi and Kiyone, I don't know how old they were. But let's drop that
subject. As I was saying, Yoko destroyed planet Jurai right after Ayeka left to visit planet 
Earth. Ayeka didn't know what happened until she reached planet Earth, but it was too late. Yoko
was waiting for her when she landed. She destroyed her ship and crew, and almost killed Ayeka.
She narrowly escaped her vicious attack and went to the Masaki shrine, her guardians, Azaka and
Kamidake were destroyed. She was the only survivor. While this was happening, Kumichi, the
weakest of the trio, was destroying other planets, including the Galaxy Police Headquarters,
where Mihoshi and Kiyone worked. When that happened, they were heading to Earth too, so they
found out when they were landing because they called HQ and didn't receive any answer. Kumichi
attacked them as well. Kiyone made it out alive, but her partner Mihoshi was killed. Mihoshi
was an airheaded blonde that always gave Kiyone bad luck, but her death still made Kiyone very
sad. They were good friends. Kiyone barely made it to the Masaki house."

"When did all of this happen?", said Ginkoneko.

"It happened thousands of years ago.", said Ryoko. "The same day you were born." Ginkoneko looked
puzzled. Ryoko continued. "When Ayeka and Kiyone arrived at the Masaki house, only Sasami and
my mother Washu were there. Tenchi and I had left for the city to do some shopping and spend 
some time together. We were having a lot of fun, when we came across Katu, the strongest of the
trio. He started attacking the city. Then Shi appeared right in front of us, the very first
thing he said was: 'I am looking for the one with silver hair.' I was confused by this, but he
seemed to be getting closer to me. Tenchi tried to protect me, but he was defeated easily by Shi.
I managed to teleport both of us away from that area and into a far away city, but just then
we had to rush to a hospital. I gave birth to Ginkoneko there. But Shi followed us to that city,
he started attacking there with his minions. I took my baby from the nursery, and with Tenchi I
teleported us away from the hospital seconds before it blew up. We couldn't do anything for the
people there. Then Shi did something unexpected, he destroyed the sun, and Earth became dark 
and cold. We made it back to the Masaki house with Ryo-ohki's help. My spaceship, she took
us there because it was too far away, I couldn't get all of us there. After mother tols us what
happened, she told me a secret about herself, and it involved me. She revealed to me that she
was a goddess, and I am too. But there was more to this than I thought. There was a hidden power
in me that I couldn't control. That power was given to me by a special goddess that left her
position a long time ago to become a mortal. She left her power to give it to a goddess she
would choose and that power would go to her as soon as she was born. That goddess was Silver
Light, the most pure, beautiful, and powerful goddess of them all. Now that I knew that power
was given to me, I felt like I was cursed. That incredible power attracted the most powerful
evil in the universe. I was the most powerful being in the universe. What for? It was a power
I couldn't even control, and if I didn't control it soon, planet Earth was doomed."

"And what happened next?", asked Ginkoneko, very anxious to know.

"Tenchi, Kiyone, Ayeka, and myself fought with Shi and his minions.", said Ryoko. "But they were
too strong for us, we were always defeated. I trained and tried to control my hidden power,
but I couldn't bring it out. Earth was being destroyed piece by piece, and when Shi's minions
got bored of destroying everything on Earth, they went to other different planets and destroyed
them. It went like this for many years. We couldn't stop them. I trained Ginkoneko so she could
join us in battle. But eventually, all the planets of the universe were annihilated, only planet
Earth was left. All the plants and animals died on Earth because of the sun's destruction; all
water sources were frozen. Humans who didn't die during Shi's attacks, died because of no food
or cold. When Ginkoneko was two years old, Shi found the Masaki house and attacked. Tenchi's
father and grandpa were killed. We killed Kumichi, but Ayeka, Kiyone, and Ryo-ohki died too,
our team of warriors was cut short. Tenchi, Ginkoneko, my mother, Sasami, and myself were left.
We ran into my mother's lab to escape, but it was still not enough to get away from Shi. When
Ginkoneko was seven, there was no living creature left in the universe but us. Later on, Yoko
killed Sasami, and we killed her. Then................."

Ryoko stayed silent for a moment. Her emotionless expression was changing. She shook slightly
and looked away from the others.

"I can't remember what happened next.", she lied and looked back at the others, emotionless
again. "It's been a long time. Please excuse me, I'll let Tsunami tell you the rest."

Without saying another word or waiting for anyone to protest, Ryoko stood up and left the room.
Everyone stared as she left, then turned to Tsunami.

"Why did she do that?", said Bra.

"Ryoko didn't really forget what happened next.", said Tsunami. "She has tried to forget, but
it's too much. She just doesn't want to talk about it."

"You mean she just left you that duty to carry on your shoulders?", Ginkoneko said.

"And I deserve it too.", said Tsunami.

"Why?", said Ginkoneko.

"Please, let me explain.", said Tsunami. "Ryoko hates me, and I don't blame her. It was part of
my fault why everything that happened to her. You see, after Sasami died, Ryoko fought with Yoko.
Ryoko was almost killed during the fight, but Tenchi came just in time to save her. They killed
Yoko, but Ryoko came out seriously injured. The day after that, Tenchi and Ginkoneko fought with 
Katu while Ryoko stayed with Washu, she was too injured to fight. Without Ryoko, Tenchi and 
Ginkoneko didn't stand a chance. Katu killed Tenchi, and Ginkoneko went on a rampage. She
couldn't control her rage, but she became vicious and powerful enough to kill Katu, or at least
it seemed that way. Ryoko appeared on the battlefield later. She had sensed what happened and
went out even if Washu tried to stop her. When she arrived, Katu attacked Ginkoneko from behind,
he was still alive. Ryoko saved her from the attack and it got her instead. Ryoko had enough
strength to kill the almost dead Katu and collapsed. Now Ryoko was really out, unable to fight.
Washu and Ginkoneko stayed in their hidden place. But then the worst thing happened.......Shi
found their hideout, and Ryoko was still out. He killed Washu. Ginkoneko tried to wake up Ryoko,
but she didn't move. Ryoko woke up with Ginkoneko's screams, and she saw her little girl right
before she was killed."

Ginkoneko paled. She died? But she was standing right there. Ginkoneko was completely confused.
It's like she had two childhoods. She didn't remember any of this.

"At that last death, Ryoko's rage was released.", Tsunami continued. "All her pain and rage were
enough to release her hidden power. That's when she changed physically into a mirror image of
Silver Light, and she turned into a goddess. But her power spread without control. It destroyed
what was left of planet Earth and the universe, it destroyed Shi, and she thought it would kill
her too. That's what she wanted, but it didn't happen. She still lived after that, without a 
single scratch. Her power made her immortal. Tokimi and I, we're Washu's sisters and goddesses
as well, but we didn't help them in their struggle to save the universe. We found Ryoko floating
in empty space, unconscious. And we brought her to the Goddess Realm with us. When she came to,
Tokimi and I told her what happened. She hated us for not helping them, and cursed us especially
because of something I told her."

"What was that?", Trunks said.

"Silver Light was the most powerful goddess of them all.", said Tsunami. "But her inmense purity
made her hate violence more than anyone. Tokimi considered her weak in mind and never accepted
her as a real goddess. Silver Light once fought with Shi. He was an evil that could never run
free, the most powerful of all. But his power never matched Silver Light's and he was defeated.
He swore to return and steal Silver Light's power. Silver Light decided to leave her position
as goddess and sent her incredible power away. She and Washu got along very well, she trusted
Washu with everything she got. So she told Washu that her power would appear in one of her
descendants. She knew that Washu wanted to be mortal too, so she would choose one of her 
descendants and give it her power. After Silver Light died, her spirit still watched over Washu,
she saw how she lost her first son, who didn't interest her much. Then Ryoko was created.
Silver Light apparently got very interested in her and gave her the power, but it would stay
dormant inside of her. Shi came back years later and felt her power, that attracted him to Ryoko.
And the horror started. Tokimi and I convinced Ryoko to create a new universe with us. When we 
did, Ryoko created a new planet Earth and she created planet Vegeta with the saiyans, warriors
like her.", That really got everyone's attention. "She knew the saiyans were bloodthirsty people,
but she knew that something good would come out. Then she did something even I didn't expect....
....She restored Ginkoneko to life with her goddess power, about 40,000 years after creating
the new universe."

"WHAT?!!", everyone yelled.

"Ryoko didn't want her daughter's life to end the way it did.", said Tsunami. "So she waited for
a signal. She wanted her to have a happy life, since she grew in a dark and cold world. She 
wanted her to fall in love with a man that would love her back. Then she saw a vision of a grown
up Ginkoneko married to Trunks. That was her signal and Ginkoneko was reborn. Ryoko created
her inside of herself and gave birth to her all over again. She wanted it to be that way. And 
since she was a goddess she didn't have any pain. Tokimi didn't approve her decision, but 
Ryoko didn't care. About a week later, she went to Earth and left her baby there. It was a 
stormy night on Earth when she left."

Everyone stayed silent. Then Tsunami stood up.

"Everyone is free to look around the palace.", said Tsunami. "I need to talk to Ginkoneko 
alone." She turned to Ginkoneko. "Koneko, please follow me."

Ginkoneko stood up, and Trunks did too. He held her hand tightly, a determined look on his
face.

"Just wait a minute.", he said. "If Ginkoneko is going, then I am going too."

"I need to be alone with her.", said Tsunami. "Please stay here."

"No.", said Ginkoneko. "Let him come."

Tsunami sighed, she couldn't insist with those two. "Okay, both of you follow me."

Tsunami, Ginkoneko, and Trunks left the room. Tsunami lead the couple through a long corridor. 

"You see Koneko.", said Tsunami. "One of the main reasons Ryoko hates me and Tokimi is because
when Shi attacked and started destroying Earth, Washu called us and asked for our help to
stop him. I wanted to help her, she was our sister. But Tokimi refused to help and forbade
me to help either. Tokimi is too faithful to the goddesses' rules. 'Once a goddess becomes
mortal, she's not our concern.' That's what Tokimi said. She said that it was mortal's battle
and the goddesses had nothing to do with it. That t ey brought that battle on themselves for
keeping Silver Light's power. So I couldn't do anything to help them. I let Tokimi control me.
After Ryoko created the new universe with us, she came to this palace. This palace once belong
to Silver Light. She was the goddess of the moon. Ryoko created that crystal ball you saw when
you arrived here. That crystal ball is a window to the planet Earth. As the years passed by, she
watched over planet Earth with her crystal ball, never coming out of her dark room and never
saying a word. She never spoke to me or Tokimi, everytime I tried to talk to her, she ignored
me or told me to get away from her. She always kept that necklace close to her. The one that
once belong to Tenchi, and hers. Those necklaces were the only things she had left that reminded
her of her lost family. She tried to ignore the bad memories, but they keep hauting her. She
never sleeps, sometimes she doesn't even eat, thought she doesn't need it. She knows that Shi
came back to life and he's out there somewhere, so she wished to the dragon to be mortal. Ryoko
is tired of being a goddess, it's something she never asked for, something she didn't want. All
the bad memories keep eating her on the inside. She seperated herself into two personalities:
the tough one and the emotional one. She tried to keep the tough personality in control, so that
her bad memories wouldn't bother her. But it's not that easy, her emotional side got stronger
when she met Tenchi. I often visit her even if she doesn't want to see me, and I can hear her
crying in her room. Ryoko kept telling herself that she died that day, that she was another 

person. She even changed her name into Silver Light. Ryoko looks exactly like Silver Light did
when I last saw her. Silver Light was the most beautiful of all goddesses. She had long silver
hair that touched the floor tied in two tails, like me, her skin was fair white like the snow, 
thought Ryoko's skin became very pale, and her eyes were pure silver, but they held such a 
beautiful glow of kindness and love. Ryoko doesn't have that glow in her eyes, her eyes lost all
life and are filled with anguish. She has been throught too much. And she often roamed through
the forest on Earth, calling herself a roaming ghost."

They walked until they reached the far end the corridor, they stopped in front of two big double
doors to the left. Tsunami turned to the couple and motioned them to stay quiet. Then she opened
one of the doors slightly and turned to Ginkoneko.

"Koneko, look inside.", she said.

Ginkoneko approached the door quietly, and peeked inside. She saw Ryoko. She was changing her
clothes. When she took of her goddess robes, leaving only her underwear, Ginkoneko let out a 
short, horrified gasp. Ryoko's body was completely covered in deep scars. Also, she barely
noticed that Ryoko was crying. She wasn't making a sound, but Ginkoneko could see the tears
running down her cheeks as she put on a blue shirt. When finished changing clothes, Ryoko
disappeared. Ginkoneko turned to Tsunami.

"Where did she go?", she asked.

"To Earth.", said Tsunami. "That's the only place she goes to besides this palace."

"What about those scars?", said Ginkoneko.

"Those scars were made during her battles against Shi and his minions.", said Tsunami. "She
decided not to heal them because they remind her of all she had to endure."

"I thought she didn't want to remember all that.", said Ginkoneko.

"She doesn't, but those scars remind her that she's strong and can endure any pain. Anyone would
be surprised that she hasn't gone insane after everything she went through."

"Even after everything you told me, Tsunami, I still can't believe that all of that happened.",
said Ginkoneko. 

"And I'm not surprised that you don't.", Tsunami said. "Follow me."

Tsunami entered Ryoko's room, followed by Ginkoneko and Trunks. Tsunami lead them to a crystal
ball floating in the middle of the room and stopped in front of it.

"This is Ryoko's crystal ball.", said Tsunami. "She doesn't like anyone to touch it, but either
way, the crystal ball only reacts to her. I don't know what could happen if you touch it, 
Ginkoneko. It might react to you, since you're Ryoko's daughter."

Tsunami and Trunks looked at Ginkoneko as she stared at the crystal ball. Then she nodded.

"Okay, let's see what this thing can do.", she said.

"I'll have to leave you alone.", said Tsunami and she left the room.

Trunks grabbed Ginkoneko's hand and she turned to him, looking at him in the eyes.

"Whatever you have to face, Koneko-chan, you won't face it alone.", he said gently.

Ginkoneko smiled. "Thank you Trunks-chan. I'll remember that."

They both turned to the crystal ball, Ginkoneko reached out her hand to touch it. If the crystal
ball reacted to her, maybe Trunks would feel it too since they're holding hands.


To Be Continued..........




Translations: (of those who don't know)

Shi: Death
chan: dear
tenshi: angel
megami: goddess



NEXT TIME: If words weren't enough for Ginkoneko, then wait until she sees it with her
own eyes. Ginkoneko's lost memories of her distant childhood will come back when Ryoko's crystal
ball sends her and Trunks to the past. More than 40,000 years ago...What kinds of horrors does
the past has?


Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Well, that's that. Now I have to concentrate on my other stories, so don't 
expect chapter 11 to come too soon. I'll do it when I have the time. Please review." 