Gaijin-no-ai Muyo!
(No Need for a Foreigner's Love!)

A Tenchi-Muyo! fanfic by Keiichi Masaki
(keiichi_dono@hotmail.com, keiichi_dono@altavista.net)

Tenchi and company are the property of Pioneer and AIC.

Notes: this is the third chapter of this series, which is a sequel to Achariyth's Kiyone fic, 
Lily Amidst Thorns.  This fic will do what few others do: give Kiyone a happy ending 
(and yes, I'm still an obsessed fanboy ^_^).

Warning: there is a scene in here that flirts with a "citric" classification.

(Cue opening theme: "She's Got A Way," by Billy Joel)

"She's got a way about her,
I don't know what it is, but I know that I can't live without her....
She's got a way of pleasing,
I don't know why it is, but I know that I can't live without her, anyway...."


Chapter 3: Conflicts of Heart and Mind

Masaki residence
Okayama, Okayama Prefecture, Japan


	"Ah....Ayukawa?"  Kyosuke Kasuga's discomfiture was almost enough to make 
Nick hit the fast-forward button in sympathy.  However, Kiyone had already appropriated 
the remote control, and was looking at him with an amused expression--the kind that said, 
"You're the one that wanted to buy this video."  So he settled back to continue watching 
New Kimagure Orange Road: Summer's Beginning.  
	As it went, he sighed in relief, as the "conflict" between Madoka and Hikaru was 
resolved, and found his ears pricking up as "Don't Be Afraid" started playing in the 
background.  He leaned forward, as if hoping that he could hear the song better.
	Kiyone looked at him quizzically.  "What are you doing, Nick-chan?"
	"It's the song," he explained.  "I first heard it on one of Keiichi's CDs, and loved 
it.  I first saw this song with him and Belldandy, and I've been looking all over for the 
soundtrack, but I can't find it."
	Kiyone smiled and snuggled closer to him.  
	As the rest of the movie played out, Nick found himself watching Kiyone more 
than the screen.  Two weeks had passed, two weeks since their first date--and since he 
had found that his feelings for her were returned--and two weeks since they had 
"officially" become a couple.  And those two weeks....Nick was glad that he wasn't an 
impartial observer, for he had probably been walking around with an extremely silly grin 
on his face.  And--strangely enough--some of the other residents had commented that 
Kiyone was happier than she'd been in a long time.  
	If Kei was here, he'd probably make the same observation about him.

	After the movie and a light snack, Nick retired to his own room, although not 
before procuring a goodnight kiss from Kiyone.  That worthy, still coasting on the same 
two-week high that her new boyfriend was, was preparing to turn in herself when she felt 
someone tugging her aside.  "What the--Washu?"
	"I think we need to talk," insisted the diminutive scientist, and Kiyone slumped.  
If Kiyone was the mature big-sister of the girls in the Masaki house, then Washu was the 
more-or-less den mother, who in spite of her silly behavior cared for the other girls under 
Tenchi's roof like her own daughters.  
	"Fine, Washu, what?"
	Washu looked rather uncomfortable with what she was going to ask, but she 
pushed on.  "Kiyone, how do you feel about Nick?"
	Kiyone could barely contain her laughter.  Of all the stupidly obvious things....!   
"I love him.  You know that, everyone knows that."
	"Does he love you?"
	It took Kiyone even less time to answer that question.  "Yes."
	Washu nodded, as if Kiyone were answering in the exact fashion she'd expected.  
"How serious are you about him, and he about you?"
	"Huh?"  
	"If--when--he goes back to America, will you two still date?  Are you two serious 
about maintaining a relationship, or are you two just having a fling?"
	Kiyone glared at Washu, gratified to see the smaller woman back away slightly.  
"I said I love him, Washu.  I don't give my heart easily, regardless of what mistakes I've 
made in my past."
	"And he?"
	"He's just as serious.  To be honest, we've been kind of avoiding the topic."
	"So you haven't told him...." Washu's voice carried no accusation, just fact.
	"No," admitted Kiyone.
	"Kiyone," said Washu gently, "if you love him, shouldn't you tell him?  Don't you 
owe him that much?"
	Kiyone wasn't meeting Washu's eyes now.  "I know, I know....you're right...."
	"Is it that you don't trust him?"
	"It is most certainly not!"  Washu took several steps back at Kiyone's explosion, 
and even Kiyone herself was a little surprised at her vehemence.  "He is a wonderful 
man, a damn sight better than a dozen others I've known--"
	Washu held up her hands in a placating motion.  "All right, all right, I'm not 
disputing that.  But why haven't you told him?"
	Kiyone sighed.  She herself wasn't quite sure.  "....I don't know....I guess, it's that, 
after the incident with Kentaro, I....y'see, I had made up my mind to take my time if I met 
someone again, not let my heart get ahead of me...." Her expression went from frustrated 
to wistful.  "....but here I am, in love again...."
	Washu smiled sympathetically and patted Kiyone on the shoulder.  "Believe me, 
I've been through this before too."
	"Well, you're right, I've put this off too long."  Kiyone stretched.  "I'll tell him 
tomorrow."

	The next afternoon, Nick and Kiyone were walking toward the bus stop, to catch a 
lift into town.  Kiyone had suggested that they go for some dinner and a movie, and Nick 
was more than happy to oblige.  While walking along the lakeshore, Kiyone stopped, a 
pensive expression on her face.  Nick, who had gone on for a few steps before realizing 
that she was no longer beside him, immediately backtracked and rested a hand on her 
shoulder.  "Kiyo-chan?  You okay?"
	Kiyone looked up at him.  "Nick-chan...."
	"Hai?"
	"I'm sorry for not telling you sooner."  Kiyone pulled the single red sphere she 
wore on her left ear from its resting-place.  Holding it between two fingertips, she thrust 
her arm into the air and cried out, "Yagami!"
	Nick started visibly as a sleek red spacecraft descended from the heavens, settling 
neatly in the lake.  "What the--"
	"That's my spaceship, Yagami," explained Kiyone.  She took Nick's hand.  "Let 
me show you around."  Her heart was thudding against her ribs like a piledriver, but she 
forced herself to keep a smile on her face as she gave Nick a tour.
	The tour ended with the cockpit.  "Well," she said in a cheerful voice, "what do 
you think?"  Inside, she was shaking like a leaf.  Nick had been rather quiet ever since 
they'd come aboard.
	Sitting in the co-pilot's chair, Nick met Kiyone's eyes.  "Kiyone-san...."
	Kiyone's face fell.  He's not calling me Kiyo-chan anymore.  Does that mean....?
	"....this is so cool!" he finished, a wide grin on his face.
	"Nani?!" Kiyone, her face conveying her shock quite clearly, blinked at him.
	"Kiyone-sa--" He smacked his forehead.  "I'm sorry, Kiyo-chan.  This just took 
me a little by surprise."  He reached out and took her hands in his, his heart skipping a 
beat as her face lit up again.  "This is incredible!  Does anyone else know?"
	Kiyone squeezed his hands.  What was I worried about?  This is Nick.  "Oh, yeah.  
Let me tell you about it...."
	<Several hours later....>
	Nick poured Kiyone another cup of tea.  "Unbelievable.  So Tenchi's dad is the 
only full-blood Earther in the house?"  They had decided to have dinner aboard Yagami, 
and Kiyone had demonstrated that cooking was another of her talents.
	Kiyone nodded.  "That's right."  She sipped her drink, sighing contentedly as the 
warm liquid trickled down her throat.  "That's good tea."  Her right hand fell back to its 
place atop Nick's.  "You mad at me for not telling you sooner?"
	Nick shook his head.  "Not at all.  I can't blame you for hiding this."  He placed 
his other hand atop Kiyone's, and squeezed it.  She smiled.  "You know, Nick-chan, 
you're only the second guy I've ever shown this to."
	Nick felt a pinprick of sadness, irrational though it was, that he was not the first to 
see Kiyone's secret.  "Oh?"
	Kiyone sensed this.  "He....well, he took it a lot differently than you did, a lot 
worse.  He ran out screaming and ran to the tabloids."
	"He did what?!" Nick was almost out of his chair.  "That sonuva--"  He bit off the 
curse halfway.  "Where is this guy?"
	"It's okay, Nick-chan.  I have you, so I don't give a damn what he does."  Both of 
them were very surprised at how quickly that took the wind out of his sails.  To prevent 
any further outbursts, Kiyone grabbed her boyfriend's right hand and pressed it between 
both of hers.  "Now, I think there's something else we need to talk about."
	Nick's eyebrows knitted.  "Something else."
	Kiyone smiled reassuringly.  "You know, we've sort of been ignoring what we'll 
do when you return to America."
	"Yes, we have," agreed Nick, a little confused about where this was going.
	"You want to keep seeing me, even after you go home?"
	"Yes."  It took Nick no amount of time to say that.
	"Well, I want to keep seeing you too."  Kiyone patted the tabletop.  "You were 
worried about airfare, right?"
	"Yes," admitted Nick.
	"It would be no problem for me to just pop on over every weekend, maybe even 
during the week."  Kiyone wrinkled her nose cutely.  "Mind having a roomie on the 
weekends, Nick-chan?"
	Nick suddenly flushed.  "Sure.  I'll be sharing a house with some friends, but you 
can stay in my room, and I can crash on the couch...."
	"We can talk about sleeping arrangements later," said Kiyone teasingly.  "I mean, 
it's not like we're getting married right away."
	"Oh, that reminds me!"  Nick started digging around in his jacket pocket.  
	Kiyone couldn't stifle her gasp.  "Nick-chan?"  
	"Here."  Nick pulled a ring out of his pocket.  Kiyone was both relieved and 
disappointed to see that it wasn't an engagement ring.  That disappointment quickly 
faded, however, as she looked closely at it.  It was 14K gold, with a sapphire set in at the 
top.  She looked at the etched-in images on each side.  One had a tiny quill pen and 
typewriter with the small legend "Journalism" beneath; the other had Nick's name above 
the number "1997."   "It's beautiful," she whispered.  "What is it?"
	"It's my class ring," explained Nick.  "From my high school."  He took Kiyone's 
hand and slipped it onto the ring finger.  "Most of the guys who got these were jocks or 
popular kids.  I, however, bought mine for a specific reason."
	"And that was?" murmured Kiyone.
	"To give it to a special girl."  Nick took her hand again, pressing it between his.  
"Kiyo-chan, I know I've only known you a few weeks, but I love you.  I want to be with 
you--forever."
	Kiyone gasped, but not from fright.  "Nick-chan....what are you saying?"
	"I want to marry you, Kiyo-chan."  Nick paused for breath, then forged ahead.  
"But not right away.  I still have college to finish, and then I'll have to find a job.  This is 
what they call a promise ring, sort of a pre-engagement ring.  We may fell differently in 
two years, but if not...." He gulped, and pushed the words out.  "Kiyo-chan, if we still 
feel the same way in two years, will you marry me?"
	Kiyone's mind and heart were reeling.  He loves me.  He wants to marry me.
	I love him.
	I want to marry him.
	"Yes."  Kiyone's face broke out into a wide smile.  "Yes!  Yes, Nick-chan, I'll 
marry you!"
	Nick relaxed visibly.  "You will?"
	Kiyone nodded.  "In two years, if we still feel the same about each other, 
but....yes, Nick-chan, I'll marry you."
	Nick leaned across the table and kissed his fiancée on the forehead.  "Come on.  
Let's go tell everyone the good news."  He rose from the table and moved to Kiyone's 
side.  Offering his hand to her, he said softly, "Come on. I need you."
	Kiyone smiled up at him and took his hand, letting him pull her to her feet.  Hand 
in hand, they headed for the hatch.

	"Open up, Kiyo-chan," coaxed Nick, holding a chopstickful of beef and rice.  
Smiling, Kiyone opened her mouth obediently and gulped down the bite of food.  "Oishii.  
More, please."
	The rest of the diners laughed or shook their heads in amusement.  Only five days 
had passed since the pre-engagement had been announced, and already Nick and Kiyone 
were acting like newlyweds.  
	Beep beep....beep beep....beep beep....
	"Huh?"  Everyone started looking for the source of the beeping.
	"Never mind, it's me."  Kiyone pushed a button on her watch's rim.  "Hmm, 
there's a message waiting for me on Yagami."  She rose from the table.  "I'll be right back, 
everyone."
	
	"Right back," however, was the better part of an hour.  When Kiyone walked 
through the door again, she had a slightly awed look on her face, like someone who'd just 
been told that she'd won the lottery. 
	Nick shot up from the couch and took her hands in his, very obviously worried.  
"Kiyo-chan?  Kiyo-chan, are you okay?"
	She nodded slowly.  It took her a moment to start speaking.  "I....they've promoted 
me."
	"You've been promoted?"  Nick immediately hugged Kiyone.  "That's great, 
Kiyo-chan!  Congratulations!"  Everyone else in the room echoed him.
	"Thanks," she said weakly.
	Nick pulled back slightly, so he could look at her.  "What's wrong?"
	"I've...." Kiyone hesitated, then resumed speaking.  "Nick-chan, I've also been 
reassigned."
"Huh?"  Now Nick started to understand her apparent ambivalence.  It was as 
clear as the feeling of foreboding that had suddenly sprung up in his gut.  "R-
reassignment?"
	"If I take this promotion, I'll be a Detective Lieutenant attached to Special 
Operations.  I'm just a Detective Sergeant right now."  
	"Special Operations?"
	"The very cream of the Galaxy Police.  If I accept this assignment....I'll have to 
leave Earth and report to Galaxy Police Headquarters in fifteen days."
	"And?"
	Kiyone's eyes slipped from Nick's gaze.  "And I would be on duty most of the 
time....figure, maybe two weeks' leave every three months."
	The silence in the room was tangible.  
	Finally Tenchi spoke.  "Um, maybe we should give them some privacy...."
	Everyone else filed out of the room, leaving Nick and Kiyone alone.
	Nick wasn't sure what to say or do.  He only knew one thing for sure: his Kiyo-
chan wouldn't meet his eyes.  After a few minutes, he said, "Kiyo-chan, do you want 
this?"
	Kiyone looked up at him in surprise.  "I...." She swallowed, then started again.  
"Nick-chan, there was a time when I would have jumped at this offer.  But Earth....and 
the Masaki house....and you....feel like home to me, and--"
	Nick placed a finger to her lips.  "Shh.  Kiyo-chan, whatever you decide, I'll 
support you in it.  Just promise me one thing."
	Kiyone nodded.
	"Please don't make your decision till I have to leave.  I want to spend these last 
two weeks with you without this hanging over our heads."
	It wasn't in Kiyone's nature to put off important decisions.  But she couldn't deny 
the silent pleading in Nick's eyes.  Besides, this was not something she wanted to think 
about either.  "All right."

	The last two weeks of Nick's stay passed fairly quickly.  Nick and Kiyone 
concentrated on spending as much time as possible with each other, knowing full well 
that this might be all the time they had left.  While Nick was willing to see Kiyone on any 
terms, Kiyone had told him that she wasn't much good at long-distance relationships.  
The engagement was off.
	On the last night, Kiyone insisted on taking Nick out for dinner; she said that she 
had decided.  Nick agreed, even though his heart was already sinking.  Somehow, he 
already knew what she would say....

	And he was right.
	He had to admit, she had broken it to him far more gently than his other 
girlfriends had.  Some of them had actually seemed to delight in his expression as they 
told him.  
Part of him felt angry--naturally--at Kiyone, but not a lot of him.  
She had every reason to take this promotion over their relationship.  This was the 
promotion she'd been waiting over a year for, the next step in a career that was almost 
certain to be impressive, that might even see her to the top of the GP food chain someday.  
There was no logical reason for her to throw that away, or put it on hold, for 
something that was still in the blush of new love, something that might or might not stand 
the test of time.
	Oh, come off the noble stance, Nick, a rather sadistic voice in the back of his head 
said.  This doesn't surprise you one bit, does it?  You knew from the start that you were 
just a good-time guy for her, didn't you?  And you were using her for the same thing.
	That's not true!  he protested.  It wasn't just a fling!
	Then why's she leaving?
	Nick had no answer for that.
	The voice continued.  Face it, pal--Nick-kun, if you prefer--this is your lot in life. 
This is the best you can ever expect.  You think there's a pot of gold at the end of your 
rainbow?  Wise up.
	"Nick-chan?"  His heart caught in his throat as he heard Kiyone's voice.  "Nick-
chan, can I come in?"
	"H-hai," he whispered.
	Kiyone entered the room, in boxers and a tank top.  Nick's body immediately took 
notice, but he forced it to shut up.  His minor victory started falling apart as she slipped 
under the covers next to him.  "K-Kiyo-chan, what are you doing here?"
	Kiyone wrapped her arms around Nick's neck and looked into his eyes.  Nick was 
saddened to see the tears running down her cheeks.  "I'm sorry, Nick-chan," she 
whispered.  "I....I never wanted to hurt you...."
	"It's okay," he told her, wrapping his arms around her.  "But Kiyo-chan, I need to 
see you.  I don't care if it's only once a year, I need t--mmph--" Her lips stopped any 
further protests.  When his eyes opened, the first thing he saw was Kiyone removing her 
tank top.  
	Oh dear god her breasts....they're so--What was left of his rational mind began to 
beat at the thought, but to no avail.  That scrap of rational thought checked out about the 
time she slipped off her boxers, showing a very immodest pair of panties.
	Kiyone then began to kiss Nick's neck.  This was nothing new; they'd made out 
many times in the past five weeks.  The urgency with which she was kissing him 
though....Somehow, he managed to regain some clarity and murmured, "K-K-Kiyo-
chan....y-y-you don't have to--"
	"Please," she whispered, as she lowered her lips back onto his.  "I want to."
	Nick felt a small pang of anger at this, as if she was making love to him as a 
consolation prize, but he sensed that she needed this as much as he did.  And, he did want 
her....
	And so they made love.

	
Shinkansen station
Okayama, Okayama prefecture, Japan

	
	Nick rubbed the small of his back.  Last night had been....spectacular.  Still, he 
regarded it with more sadness than elation.  
	Overhead, the loudspeaker announced, "Tokyo, Tokyo, now boarding for Tokyo."
	Tenchi helped Nick load his suitcases onto the luggage cart, and shook his hand.  
"It's been fun, Nick-san."
	"Yes it has," agreed Nick.  "Thank you for the hospitality, Tenchi-san.  Sorry for 
being an imposition."
	"Relax, you've been very well-behaved.  That's been a refreshing change."  Tenchi 
looked over at Kiyone.  "I'll, um, go start the car.  Don't take too long, oneechan."  He 
headed toward the exit.
	Nick and Kiyone stood in silence for a moment, before Nick tentatively stuck out 
his hand.  Kiyone took it, and pulled him into a hug.  "I'm glad I met you," she whispered.
	"Same here," he whispered.  "Take care of yourself, and if you ever do make it 
back here...."  He pulled a folded piece of paper from his pocket and pushed it into her 
hands.  "Come and see me."	
	Kiyone nodded, and looked down at her left hand.  Nick's class ring was still on 
her ring finger.  She started to pull it off, but he stopped her.  "Keep it.  You're a special 
girl."
	Smiling sadly, she pulled a small package from her purse.  "Here."	
	Nick returned the sad smile.  "You didn't have to...."  He opened it, and his eyes 
widened slightly.
	He was holding the Shin Kimagure Orange Road soundtrack in his hands.
	"Where'd you find this?" he asked hoarsely.
	"I just did."  She leaned up and kissed him on the lips, softly and lightly, and 
ended it before either of them could keep it going.  
	Nick nodded, and bowed slightly.  Hefting his carryon, he caressed her face for a 
moment, then turned and headed for his train.
	As he climbed aboard, he turned and saw her standing on the platform, looking 
right at him.  As the train started moving, he could see her lips moving and forming a 
phrase.
	Ai shiteru.
	I love you.
	"Ai shiteru....mo," he whispered.
	Before she disappeared from sight, he thought she smiled in response.

	Delta Airlines Flight #708 lifted from Narita.
	Yagami accelerated out of system.
	Both craft had at least one person aboard who was staring out the window, feeling 
despondent.

	End part 3

"Now you're gone away, and I'm left to carry on
Ain't no one gonna bear up to comparison
And if I can't have the real thing, I'll have to find someone else just like you
(I hope someone will come today)
Somebody like you
(Someone to take me all the way)
Somebody like you
(Someone who can take your place)
Somebody like you....
(Someone to fill this empty place)"

--Daryl Hall, "Someone Like You"

Author's notes:  This has once more taught me the value of outlines--and not 
mental ones.  The more I look at this, the more this looks like the Ranma fanfic series Thy 
Outward Part by Richard Lawson (sterman@sprynet.com).  Lawson-san, if you read this, I 
have not been plagiarizing from you.  I will admit that some of my ideas have been 
inspired by your series, but this basic story existed months before I read your fic.
	As for Kiyone in this episode, it was not my intention to make her seem 
unsympathetic.  In fact, I have almost more sympathy for her than for Nick.  This is really 
a difficult decision.  Kiyone was torn between the long-coveted promotion and what 
might be real love.  She chose what she thought would be the safest choice for her, and I 
can't say that I wouldn't make the same in her place.
	The conclusion will be out soon.

Keiichi Masaki, High Priest of the Temple 
of the Teal-tressed Goddess, Kiyone Makibi

Member of the Kiyone Ring and the Tenchi Ring

Co-writer, Mugen Tenchi Muyo!
http://members.xoom.com/RC_Books/mugen1.html

Visit my Temple of the Teal-tressed Goddess
http://www.geocities.com/Tokyo/Palace/9909

ICQ #: 18044248

"I am the one you think I am."
--Katsuhito "Yosho" Masaki

"The carnival comes and goes. If you wait for a while,
it'll always come back to you."
--Ryoko