A Tenchi Muyo \ Ranma ½, X-over.
Spring of Drowned Goblin.
By Peter Suzuki.

The series "Tenchi Muyo" is owned by Pioneer AIC.  The series "Ranma ½"
is owned by Rumiko Takahashi.  All rights reserved.

        Ranma smirked as he landed on the bamboo pole with ease.  He had just
knocked his father into

one of the springs.  That selfish old goat had it coming to him.
Dragging his own son across the country,

forcing him to learn those god awful techniques, forcing HIM to work off
their bills by taking odd jobs.

Well no more.  As of today, his pop would have to live with the fact
that he was beaten by his own son.

        Of course, Ranma soon realized that his father seemed to be down there
a long time.  "Pop?

What’s up?" asked Ranma, not hinting his slight worry about the well
being of the only family he knew

about.  "We done already?"

        All of a sudden, with a loud *BLOOOSH!!* something he did not expect,
took his father’s place.

What now stood on an opposite pole, while resembling Ranma’s father in
some ways, was not Genma

Saotome.

        The guide should have known that something like this would happen.  All
he could do now was

explain what had happened, and hope that those two would not continue to
fight.  "Oh, too bad.  Mr.

customer fall in ‘Spring of Drowned Panda’.  Very tragic story of panda,
who drown there two thousand

year ago.  Now who ever fall in same spring, take body of panda."
Explained the guide.

        "You never said anything about that, to us!" yelled the boy.

        "Me Japanese is not so good, no?  Me speak Engrish fine, but me no
speak Japanese well."  Just

then, tragedy struck.  It did not exactly seem that way at first, when
the panda knocked the boy from the

pole.  So the boy would fall in one of the springs, so what.  Worse had
happened before.  But the panda

had gotten in a very good hit, and combine that with its improved
strength, it knocked the boy very far

indeed.  In fact, the hit caused the boy to fly directly towards the
only COVERED spring in Jousenkyo.

Covered because of what was in it.  The guide was so terrified that he
did not even respond when the

panda tried to get his attention.

        Ranma was hit, and he knew that it was his fault.  He had been
distracted by the guides words,

and that panda, no wait, his FATHER had gotten in a good shot.  Ranma
realized that when, not IF, he

fell into one of the springs, he would take the form of whatever drowned
there many years ago.  What

would he be?  A duck?  A pig?  A girl?  A c-c-cat?  Perhaps a yeti,
riding a bull, carrying a crane and an

eel?  The worst that could happen, would be that he would create a
‘Spring of Drowned Ranma’.  Then he

realized where he was heading.  "Oh, wonderful." He thought.  "I’m going
to smash through some boards

before I get cursed.  I wonder why they covered it up, anyway?"  As he
smashed into the boards, he

realized probably why the spring was boarded up. *CRACK!*  To keep
whatever drowned there from

coming back. *SPLOOOSH!*

        The guide tried to run, but he was stopped by a furry paw.  The man
that was transformed into a

panda, held up a piece of wood, that had some writing on it.  [What
spring was that?]

        The guide starred nervously at the spring as he spoke.  "That is
‘Spring of Drowned Goblin’.

Very tragic story of goblin that drown in that spring, seven hundred
year ago.  No one want dangerous

goblin to come back, so people try to keep all from falling in spring."

        The panda scribbled something else down on the wood.  [If the goblin
was so dangerous, then

what’s so tragic of it drowning?]

        "No, no, no.  Mr. customer no understand.  Story no is tragic because
goblin drown in spring."

        Just then, *FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSH!!* a bright column of pale green light
shot from the

spring, and while thankfully drying up the spring itself, there was
something still in the now dry pit.

        "Story is tragic because goblin may one day come back." Said the guide
nervously.

        The creature that WAS Ranma, seemed to be considering the situation.
It then slipped out of

Ranma’s Gi pants, and slung them over its shoulder.  Seemingly making
one final adjustment on its belt,

it then turned around, and approached the slightly frightened person and
panda.  When it finally reached

the two, they seemed to loose their fear to curiosity.

        Ranma didn’t look anything at all like Ranma.  Standing three feet in
height, with sparkling

green eyes, and with spiky crab-red hair, Ranma did not resemble
anything like he used to.

        The panda furiously scribbled something down on a piece of wood, and
showed it to the guide.

        "Yes, sir.  Me think that goblin, that legend talk about." Said the
guide, with a trace of

uncertainty in his voice.

        "You’re probably both wanting an explanation, aren’t you?" asked Ranma,
who now sounded

somewhat like a twelve year old girl.  Both the guide and the former
human nodded in affirmation, so she

continued.  "First of all, that wasn’t a goblin that fell there all of
those years ago.  I was a great scientist.

In fact I was," dramatic pose.  " ‘The Greatest Scientific Genus In The
Universe!!!’ BWA-HA-HA-HA!!!"

As she spoke two mini replicas of herself appeared on her shoulders
chanting "Washu, Washu, she’s the

best!  Yay, WASHU!!"

        "Washu?!?" asked the guide and panda. . .  Okay, the panda grunted it
out the best it could.

        "Yes, my name was Washu.  Don’t worry, I’m Ranma as well.  Our
personalities kind of merged

when I, er he fell into the spring." As if to prove what she was saying,
she launched a flying spin kick on

a nearby wooden post, the top half of which imbedded itself in the
nearby cliff.  Genma knew that if this

wasn’t Ranma, then this Washu was imitating Ranma’s moves exactly.
Washu approached the panda.

"Call me little-Washu, when I am in this form, and Ranma when I am in my
other form.  And don’t worry

pop.  You haven’t lost a son.  You’ve gained a brilliant, and very cute,
scientist."

        Genma was not believing a word of this.  Somehow this goblin had taken
control of his son.  He

needed to get his son back to normal.  He wrote this down on a piece of
cardboard, and showed it to the

guide.  The guide nodded in affirmation and took out a kettle of hot
water that he had been preparing.

The guide then dumped its contents on top of Washu, changing her back to
the pigtailed boy, that was

Ranma.

        "Ranma, my boy!  Now you’re back to normal.  Now we can go about
finding a cure for you!"

Genma would have said, if he wasn’t still a panda.

        Ranma glared at the guide, steam coming off of his head from the
boiling hot water that was just

dumped over him.  Ranma then materialized a twelve-by-eight rectangular
shadow, and typed on a couple

of buttons that made their existence known when he pressed them.
Suddenly the guide was strapped to

an invisible rack, arms and legs stretched out and held down by energy
bands.

        "WHAT!?!  No is possible!  Spring that change mind, supposed to change
back with hot water!"

        "I already told you, I ‘merged’ with Washu.  My mind stays the same in
either form." Genma

backed away from his son.  "Now, what would be a suitable punishment for
trying to take away my

genius, not to mention the crime of keeping a cute widdle scientist like
little-Washu from living again?

Hmmmmmm. . .   Ah-Ha!" Ranma typed some buttons.  "Now this will be
fun."

        The air above the helpless Jousenkyo guide started shimmering, and then
he transformed.  The

guide dropped to the ground, and now was a Kappa (Water sprite).
"Ribbit!  Ribbit!" complained the

Kappa.

        "Just accelerate their metabolism, and VIOLA!  One Kappa!  HA-HA-HA!!"
Ranma was

enjoying this a bit too much.

        Genma tried to knock his son out, in order to stop the ‘mad
scientist’.  Ranma anticipated the

attack, and used the panda’s momentum to toss him on to the ground.
"Now, that wasn’t a very nice

thing to do to your Super-Genius son.  Was it." Ranma pressed a couple
more buttons, and a stream of

boiling hot water poured on to the panda, changing it back to a human.

        "Yow!  Ow!  Hot!  Hot!  Hot!" Genma ran around in circles, to afraid to
jump into any of the

springs because of what they might do, and in too much pain to do
anything else.

Ranma pulled a mirror seemingly out of nowhere, and checked his face.
"So

I’m now handsome, instead of cute.  I’m still," dramatic pose.  " ‘The
Greatest Scientific Genus In The

Universe!!!’ BWA-HA-HA-HA!!!"  On cue, two mini RANMA’S appeared on his
shoulders cheering,

"You’re the best!  You’re the coolest!  Yay, RANMA!!"

        On the surrounding cliffs, a lone figure heard Ranma’s slightly insane
laughter.  "That’s

Ranma’s voice!  How dare he be happy, after the hell that he put me
through!  Ranma, PREPARE TO

DIE!!!"  With that, the boy known as Ryoga Hibiki jumped off of the
cliff, into the valley of Jousenkyo,

*SPLASH!!!*

and right into a spring.

        Plum watched the still waters of the spring that was in front of her
house.  Being the Jousenkyo

guide’s daughter had some advantages, like the fact that she knew all of
the legends about the cursed

springs in the valley.  The one she was starring at for example, tells
of a creature that had eaten too many

carrots, and drowned when it went for a swim.  The wise man of a
neighboring village said that the only

people to fall in that spring, would be the truly stupid people of the
land.  People who blame others for

their problems, and think that all of their troubles can be solved
through violence.  Plum looked up as she

saw a young man shout out something that she could not quite understand,
jump off of the cliff, and right

into the spring.

*SPLASH!!!*

        "Hellooooooo, stupid." Said Plum, as she got up, and helped the
transformed human out of the

spring.  "Oh, too bad." Said Plum, to the creature.  "You fall in
‘Spring of Drowned Cabbit’.  Very tragic

story of cabbit, that drown in that spring six hundred years ago.  Now
who ever fall in this spring, take

the body of a cabbit."

THE END. . . . MAYBE.

AUTHORS NOTES:

This actually turned out much better than I originally thought it would.

If you may, or may not, have noticed, this story is just an idea I had
while working on the fan fiction series "Little Demon".  I originally
intended for Ranma to be cursed to turn into Ryoko, but that idea fell
through, so I put in Washu instead.  This was MUCH funnier.

Okay, here’s the beef.  I am asking you…  No wait.  DARING the other
writers out there, that are reading this story, to continue THIS
series.  You may alter the story line from here however you want.  Just
remember to put in that it was MY story that inspired your series.  That
means MY name, and the name of MY story.  UNDERSTAND!!!!!!!

As for how I presented Ryoga in this story, I personally think that
Ryoga is a jerk.  Sorry, but someone who blames a person for not being
at a fight when HE was the one who was four days late, gains no sympathy
in my book.
Peter Suzuki.