Disclaimer- I don't own any of the character of Tenchi Muyo or Dragonball Z. 
Tenchi Muyo characters are the property of AIC and Pioneer and I don't know the 
company that own Dragonball Z. I'm not planning on making any money out of this, 
so please don't sue.

The Goddess VS The Ultimate Android, Chapter 7- Cell's long awaited fight
Scene- tournament grounds, Cell and Tsunami are about to start their fight

Cell: I hope you realise what you're getting yourself into.
Tsunami: I heard that you were designed to use the techniques of the most 
powerful fighters in the world.
Cell: You heard right Tsunami.
Tsunami: Good. It's nice to have that cleared up.

On the sidelines, everyone else has doubts about Tsunami's ability.

Tenchi: Mr Goku, what're Tsunami's chances?
Goku: I say, not good.
Azusa: I hate to admit it, but Tsunami's luck just might run out.

Back in the ring, Cell and Tsunami are staring each other down.

Cell: Ding!

Tsunami lunges at Cell and gives him a punch.
Cell blocks it.
Tsunami uses her free hand to punch Cell in the nose.
Cell retaliates with a kick to Tsunami's head.
Tsunami is just able to block it.

Steven: So far the two combatants seem to be evenly matched.
Seiryo: That Cell, he destroyed my good looks.
Ayeka: Would you just shut up about you looks? You're the ugliest man I laid my 
eyes on.
Seiryo: Well I never.

Meanwhile in the ring, Cell tries to punch Tsunami in the nose.
Tsunami ducks and fires a beam of Jurai energy at him.
Cell almost goes out the ring, but he deflects the beam in time.
Tsunami takes to the air.
Cell follows.
Tsunami punches Cell into the ring. Cell retaliates with a Kamahamaha (I don't 
know the correct spelling).
Tsunami generates her ten Light-hawk wings and just manages to absorb the beam.

Cell: Very good, I must say that I'm a little impressed.
Tsunami (thinking): Oh no, not his full power.

Cell powers up.
The clouds gather and a thunderstorm begins.
Cell is surrounded by a gold aura.
A violent wind come out from Cell and the earth shakes

Washu: What a power.
Goku: He's even stronger than he was the last time.

Tsunami is shaking in fear.

Cell: Now Tsunami, it's time I showed you what true power really is.
Tsunami (thinking): I've never sensed any as horrifying as him except for 
Tokimi.
Misaki: Where is he getting his energy from?
Steven: Ladies and gentlemen, Cell's just revealed his full power and we're all 
doomed.
Tsunami (thinking): Maybe I can't overpower him, but I can try to out smart him.

Cell splits into four.

Cell: How do you likes these odds?
Steven: Cell has just split himself into four, I guess Jurai's patron goddess 
has, gulp met her match.
Tsunami: It couldn't get any worse.

The four Cells attack.
Tsunami blocks a punch from the one at the front and blasts him away.
The two attacking from the sides come in for a punch.
Tsunami ducks.
The two Cells punch each other.

Cell1: Hey watch it.
Cell2: No, you watch it.
Cell1: How dare you.
Cell2: Hey, who are we fighting, Tsunami or ourselves?
Cell1: Tsunami.
Cell2: Right, let's get her.
Tien: Tsunami, don't be fooled by that technique. Each Cell only has a quarter 
of the energy of the real Cell
Tsunami: I had enough problems when he was at a fifth of his power.
Cell3 (the Cell attacking from behind): Oh really? Well I guess you're a 
weakling.

Tsunami turns and punches the weaker Cell in the nose and throws him into the 
Cell that she blasted from the front.
The two remaining Cells attack. 
Tsunami summons her Light-hawk wings.
One of the Cells pelts them with energy blasts.
Tsunami's wings absorbs most of them. 
The other Cell gets behind Tsunami and fires one of Frieza's finishing rays.
Tsunami barely dodges it and hammers the Cell into the ground with the others.
Tsunami lunges at the last Cell and punches him into the grond.
Three of the Cells disappear.

Funaho: Talk about pulling yourself together.
Cell: Kienson disc.

A black and pink energy disc appears in Cell's hand and he throws it at Tsunami.
Tsunami takes to the air, but the disk follows.

Cell: Perhaps I'll absorb you one half at a time.
Tsunami: Don't count on it Cell.

She leads the disc towards Cell.
Cell anticipates this.

Cell: Get real, the cells from Frieza tell me that you're leading that disc back 
towards me.

Tsunami grabs Cell and throws him at the disc.
The disc cuts him in half and Tsunami fires a beam of Jurai energy at the disc.
The disc is destroyed.
Cell regenerates his lost parts.

Stevem: Cell just regenerated himself in a way that makes me want to throw up.
Azusa: I don't believe this, whoever created this fiend shall experience my 
wrath.
Piccolo: One of his earlier creations beat you to it.
Azusa: Darn.
Cell: Very good Tsunami, but try this.
Goku: Oh no, not a full powered Kamahamaha.
Funaho: Kamahamaha?
Cell: KAM-MA-HA-MA-HA!

Tsunami jumps into the air.

Tsunami: Hey Cell, up here.

Cell diverts his blast and Tsunami summons her Light-hawk wings.
Knowing that there'd be no point trying to absorb the blast, Tsunami used her 
wings as a portal to the ring.

Steven: I guess this planet owes Tsunami a great deal.
Azusa: Bah, anyone could've done that.
Sasami: Alright dad, you try it.
Azusa: Not right now, so be quiet.
Azusa (thinking): Maybe if Cell finishes Tsunami off, I wont have any worries.
Misaki: Poor Tsunami.
Azusa (still thinking): On the other hand, Cell will probably achieve his goal 
and there'll be no worries to worry about.
Tsunami: That was close.
Cell: Yeah, I just knew you'd do something heroic to save this pathetic planet.
Tsunami: You wanted me to do that?
Cell: Yeah, but don't put words in my mouth. This planet can rot for all I care.
Goku: Deja vu.
Cell: But without it, there'd be no one to destroy.

Cell lunges at Tsunami and disappears. 
Tsunami is hit from behind.
She tries to retaliate, but Cell disappears again.
Cell hit Tsunami from the side this time.
Tsunami summons her Light-hawk wings and contrates them into an energy ball.
Cell goes to attack from the other side, but Tsunami releases the energy ball in 
his direction.
Cell's head and arms are blown off.

Goku: Did she do it?
Gohan: I'm not sure.

The smoke clears and Cell's legs and part of his torso are left.

Tenchi: I don't believe it, she actually did it.
Washu: It's not over, I can still sense a lot of energy inside Cell.
Ryoko: But how can he be alive, he doesn't have a brain.

Cell jumps to his feet and regenerates himself.

Azusa: Impossible.
Misaki: Unreal.
Funaho: Is he immortal?
Cell: Ha, ha, ha. I don't organs. I'm practically immortal, ha, ha, ha.
Tsunami: I should've guessed.
Cell: What's worng? Feeling tired?
Tsunami: Hold on, there might still be a chance.
Cell: Huh?
Everyone else: Huh?

Tsunami goes over to everyone else and takes the Tenchi-Ken.

Tenchi: Tsunami, what's the big idea?
Tsunami: Ssh, I'm doing something important.

Tsunami concentrates and the two gems on the Tenchi-Ken are returned to Ryoko.

Ryoko: I know where you're going and I say you're nuts.
Tsunami: No I'm not, I think you underestimate the power of those gems.
Washu: Tsunami, what's the big...
Tsunami: Listen Ryoko, in those three gems are the powers of a goddess a lot 
more powerful than me.   
Ryoko: Really?
Tsunami: Yes, now tap into thier full power.

Ryoko does so as Cell witnesses.

Cell: What the? Ryoko didn't have that power before.
Ryoko: Wow, this is unreal. 
Azusa (thinking): This isn't happening.
Vegeta (thinking): This can't be happening to me, where did those gems come 
from?
Ryoko: Okay Cell, prepare to meet your maker and I mean it literally since he's 
already dead.
Cell: Whatever, gulp.

To be continued...

Author's notes- Well I've finally got round to part 7 of this adventure. I 
apologise for the incredibly long wait. My next chapter will be the last one in 
which Ryoko defetas Cell with a little help from Ayeka and Tenchi. Remember that 
my email adress is goku45uk@yahoo.co.uk.
