Disclaimer- I don't own any the characters from Tenchi Muyo or Dragonball Z. 
Pioneer AIC own Tenchi Muyo and I still don't know the name of the company of 
Dragonball Z. Seeing that none of Tsunami's offensive techniques in her human 
form weren't shown in the OVA series, I just have to make a rough guess (I'm 
sure she had some offensive techniques using energy etc). I don't plan to make 
any money out of this fanfic, so please don't sue 

The Goddess VS The Ultimate Android, Chapter 3- The second Cell games tournament 
Scene- The area surrounding the Funaho tree. The Tenchi crew are up against Cell 
as the Z fighters watch.

Cell: Well then Professor Washu, show me what you got.
Washu: Gladly.

Washu lunges towards Cell and attempts a punch.
Cell is unaffected and he punches Washu into a nearby rock

Cell: Not even the self-proclaimed greatest scientific genius in the universe 
could stop me.
Washu: I've never felt anything that painful in my entire life. 
Cell: Well professor, your number is up.
Washu: Think again you ugly buffoon.
Cell: So you're a little bit more powerful than I anticipated, no matter.

Ryoko attacks Cell and uses her light saber to amputate Cell's arm.

Vegeta (thinking): She may be weaker than Cell, but that was pretty sneaky.
Cell: You, you actually got me.
Ryoko: I guess I did. Ha, ha, ha.
Cell: Stop laughing, because you're in for the shock of your life.

Cell regenerates his amputated arm.

Ryoko: What on Earth?
Washu: Regeneration!
Cell: A valiant effort Ryoko, but it all ended in vain.
Ryoko: I'm not done.
Washu: Ryoko, let me continue with this beast.
Cell: Yes professor Washu, fight me. This is the first time that I've been 
challenged by women.

Washu fires one of her energy balls at Cell.
Cell grabs it and throws it away.
Washu then attempts to slice Cell's head off.
Cell uses Frieza's explosion imprisonment energy ball (one of the techniques 
that Frieza used on Goku during their fight on Namek).
Washu is trapped in a ball of energy.

Tsunami: Washu! You creep, what have you done?
Cell: I have merely imprisoned her in this ball that will go boom if it touches 
anything but me.
Tsunami: You freak, your vile existence disgusts me.
Cell: Wait there Tsunami, once I absorb you, you'll be a part of perfection.
Tsunami (thinking): Oh no, Washu. What should I do? I either wait and Washu 
dies, or I risk getting absorbed by this freak.

Cell throws the ball at a mountain a few kilometres away.
Goku uses his Instant Translocation to save Washu.

Cell: Well, that's one down, a lot more to go.
Tsunami: You monster, you're worse than Tokimi.
Cell: Who's Tokimi?

His curiosity is interrupted when Washu comes back.

Cell: So Goku saved you.
Washu: You mean that guy with the blonde hair and green eyes?
Cell: That's him.
Washu: I have to remember top send him my thanks.

Cell kicks Washu into Ayeka.
Tsunami runs over to her. 

Tsunami: Washu, wake up.

Krillin cautiously approaches Tsunami with a sack of Senzu beans (I don't know 
the correct spelling).
 
Tsunami: Who are you?
Krillin: I'm here to help.

He makes Washu and Ayeka take a Senzu bean each.

Washu: Darn that thing.
Tsunami: This stranger helped you.
Washu: Thank you stranger.
Krillin: What's this all about?
Tsunami: I see that that thing is your problem.
Krillin: Don't misunderstand Miss Tsunami if that's your name. He's not here 
because my friends and me are here.
Tsunami: I get the point.
Ayeka: Who are you exactly?
Krillin: My name is Krillin.
Washu: Tsunami, you've overestimated that thing, but he's still pretty strong.
Tsunami: What do you mean?
Washu: That thing is evenly matched with Tokimi in strength. 
Tsunami: I guess I still have a lot to learn.
Washu: I could feel that thing's true power for a split second when he kicked 
me.
Krillin: You can sense power levels to?
Washu: Tsunami and I have that ability, none of the others do.

Cell watches as Krillin give the wounded Tenchi crew Senzu beans.

Tenchi: I always knew that this would happen one day.
Sasami: Huh?
Tenchi: The Light-hawk wings are like good luck to me and we all know that good 
luck doesn't last forever.
Cell: If you're referring to those energy wings, then I think that I am the bad 
luck.
Sasami: Nobody was talking to you, you ugly beast.

The Z fighters reveal themselves.

Ayeka: I think that it's their turn.

Krillin gathers the Tenchi crew together and tells them about Vegeta's nasty 
attitude.

Cell: Before we continue, I think it's about time I revealed my secrets.
Tsunami: Who are you?
Cell: My name is Cell and I'm an organic android.
Washu: His creator must've been a straight up genius.
Cell: Dr Gero, the ex-leader of the Red Ribbon army, created me.

Cell continues his lecture until he has nothing more to say.

Washu: I never thought it possible for someone to create a biological android.
Tsunami: If what he says is true, then he stole his power by absorbing innocent 
people.
Cell: You catch on pretty quickly Tsunami.
Tsunami: You may be powerful, but let me assure you that you're going down.
Cell: Pretty harsh talk coming from you Tsunami.
Tsunami: You may be stronger than me, but somewhere out there is someone just 
waiting to beat you.
Cell: You have a vivid imagination.
Tsunami: Try me Cell
Cell: This could prove interesting.
Vegeta: Oh what's he on about now?
Cell: Very well, I've decided to hold another tournament.
Tenchi: A tournament?
Cell: Yes, long ago a tournament was held on this planet called World Martial 
Arts.
Yosho: I've heard of it.
Cell: A year ago, I held that tournament and renamed it the Cell Games, but I 
was defeated.
Tenchi: Then how are you alive today?
Cell: Three foolish boys were mucking with the Dragonballs and they wished me 
back so that I could hold another tournament.
Ayeka: Now you're giving them their wish.
Cell: It's too bad that they're not around to see it. I hope that the spirit 
realm has a TV network.
Tsunami: You evil excuse for a living being.

She fires an energy ball at him.
Cell is barely able to dodge the attack.

Cell: The tournament will be held in five days.
Tenchi: Where?
Cell: I haven't decided yet, so keep an eye on you television for details.
Washu: Oh great, a live event. I guess I should get a Pay-per-view deal.
Cell: I wish to test my complete power against you Tsunami before I absorb you, 
although I'm sure you wont prove a challenge.

Cell grabs Sasami.

Cell: And just in case you chicken-out, I'll keep this child.
Sasami: Help me.

Cell leaves. Everyone goes back to the Masaki house.

Scene- Ten miles west of Okayama, Cell is building his ring.

Sasami: Let me go.
Cell: I can't do that. How will I be sure that Tsunami will fight me?
Sasami: You monster, you're just using me to get to Tsunami.

Cell makes the finishing touches to his rings.
Sasami is tied to a cliff.

Scene- Masaki house, everyone is planning on how to defeat Cell.

Washu: So you guys have fought Cell before?
Goku: Yeah, my son Gohan killed him.
Tsunami: He must be pretty strong.
Goku: Yeah, you see Cell wanted to see his power and he overdid it with the 
rage.
Washu: Most hidden powers are usually awoken when someone is in a furious rage.
Ayeka: What about Sasami? Cell might kill her.
Piccolo: Not likely.
Ayeka: Huh?
Piccolo: You know, I was an assimilated being as well.
Tsunami: Really?
Piccolo: I was assimilated with the former guardian of this planet, Kami.
Washu: Tell us more Mr Piccolo.
Piccolo: Okay, Cell won't destroy Sasami if he wants Tsunami.
Tenchi: Your point?
Piccolo: If Cell destroys Sasami then Tsunami dies as well.

Piccolo explains his last statement.

Scene- Intergalactic TV station in space, Cell brakes in holding Sasami.

Receptionist: A monster, call security.
Cell: I only want to know where the newsroom is.
Receptionist: It's on the top floor.
Cell: Thank you, you've been a great help.

He levitates through the ceiling.

Sasami: Someone please help me.
Cell: Ah shut up.

Scene- Jurai's royal palace, Misaki and Funaho are watching TV.

Funaho: Do we have to watch this show?
Misaki: Yes, it's my favourite show.

Azusa passes by and looks in on his wives.

Azusa (thinking): I wonder why I tolerate Misaki.
Misaki: Here's the romantic bit.
Funaho: A live romantic programme, how boring.
Actor: Laura. 
Actress: Robert.

They are about to kiss.
Cell bursts through the floor.
The actor is just missed Cell's head.

Misaki: Is that my little Sasami with that monster?
Azusa: Huh?

Funaho turns the channel.
Again, Cell bursts from the floor.

Sasami: Help me, this thing wont let me go.
Misaki: That is Sasami.
Funaho: Good heavens, how did that monster get his hands on her?
Azusa: I'm assembling the fleet.

Azusa goes off to assemble the fleet.
Funaho turns it to a news channel and Cell bursts though the floor.

Cell: Is this your newsroom?
News reporter: Yeah.
Sasami: Help me...
Cell: You pipe down.
News reporter: You animal, how dare you restrain a child in that manner.
Cell: This is none of your concern.

Cell kills him with Frieza's finishing ray.

Cell: I am Cell. I have an announcement to make.
Sasami: Please let me go...
Cell (ignoring Sasami)- I am holding a tournament on the planet Earth.
Misaki: A tournament, what it got to do with Sasami?
Cell: I've named this little number, the second Cell Games. Catchy title don't 
you think?
Cameraman: Whatever you say Mr Cell.
Cell: I held my first Cell Games a year ago on Earth and was defeated, now I've 
decided to resurrect it.
Sasami: Let me go Cell you big fat cow.
Cell: Pipe down or I will give you something to moan about.
Misaki: Why's he got Sasami?
Cell: For those of you wondering why I've got this child as my hostage, I'll 
tell you.

A security guard attacks Cell.
Cell blasts him into the spirit realm with his eye lasers.

Cell: The patron goddess of the planet Jurai, Tsunami will be my first opponent 
whether she likes it or not.
Cameraman: What do you mean Mr Cell?
Cell: I'm simply using this child to get to Tsunami.
Misaki: My little Sasami, oh please be okay.

Azusa had seen the whole thing unfold.

Azusa: Alright Cell, Seiryo and I will fight you before Tsunami.

To be continued...

Author's note- Well that's chapter three everyone. I just thought that it would 
be a good idea to have Jurai's royal family in this fanfic. Azusa and Seiryo 
will lose to Cell and I'm planning on having Tsunami use her intelligence to 
beat Cell and for all you Ryoko fans that want Ryoko to have a piece of Cell, 
well in Chapter five she will not wait for the tournament and have an attempt at 
Cell, but she will prove no match for Cell's awesome strength (I apologise for 
any offence).
 





