Disclaimer- I don't own the characters from Tenchi or Dragonball Z. Pioneer and 
AIC own Tenchi and I don't know the name of the company that own Dragonball Z. 
I'm not planning on making any money from this so please don't sue.

The Goddess VS The Ultimate Android, Chapter 2, The Z fighters arrive
Scene- The Pacific Ocean, The Z fighters are almost at the Japanese coast.

Krillin: We're almost at the Japanese coast.
Vegeta: Good, now I can beat Cell.
Piccolo (thinking): That Vegeta. Who does he think he is?
Goku: I thought I sensed Cell taking on two unusually strong power levels.
Vegeta: Don't worry Kakarot; they're not as strong as me.
Gohan: There's the Japanese coastline.
Tien: All right, we made it.

Scene- The Masaki house, Ryoko is telling everyone about Cell.

Ryoko: This creature was like a cross between a monster and a human being.
Tenchi: Not another evil threat.
Ryoko: This creature was more powerful than Kagato.
Washu: I need to know something.
Ryoko: What is it Mom? 
Washu: How powerful was it?
Ryoko: He said that he was holding back his full power.
Ayeka: Azaka, Kamidake. Seek this creature and destroy it.

Azaka and Kamidake appear.

Azaka+Kamidake: Yes ma'am.

They go to hunt for Cell.

Yosho: That creature said that he was looking for Tsunami.
Washu: Why?
Yosho: He said that he wanted to absorb her.
Washu: Just like Kagato, what does he hope to gain?
Yosho: I guess he wants power.
Washu (thinking): Could this be the creature that Tsunami warned me about?
Ryoko: Earth to Washu, we're faced with a power hungry creature here.
Washu: I need a DNA sample from this creature.

Washu goes in her lab.
Tsunami appears.

Washu: I guess that you overheard.
Tsunami: Yes, I overheard and I'm scared.
Washu: Don't worry Tsunami, you are my sister and I will protect you.
Tsunami: Thank you.
Washu: Why don't you stay?
Tsunami: Okay, but that creature worries me.

Scene- Okayama city, the Z fighters arrive.

Man waiting at a bus stop: Flying people?
Krillin: Sorry, it's just a popular trick sir.
Man: Thank goodness.
Vegeta: So this is the country called Japan?
Piccolo: Yeah.
Goku: Okay, so let's look for Cell.
Vegeta: At last we can finally agree on something Kakarot.

Elsewhere in the city, Cell attacks a construction site.

Engineer worker: Run.
Cell: Where can I find Tsunami?
Engineer worker: You'll have wait for a tsunami.

Cell grabs the engineer worker by the shirt.

Cell: Don't play dumb with me.
Engineer worker: But the word tsunami mean tidal wave.
Cell: I'm looking for a woman called Tsunami you goofball.
Engineer worker: I don't know any woman that goes by that name.

Cell lets go of the engineer worker.
Noboyuki comes out of the main building.
Cell confronts him.

Cell: Where's Tsunami?
Noboyuki: Tsunami? Why do you want her?
Cell: That is none of your concern.
Noboyuki: But I know of her.
Cell: It's still none of your concern little man.

Noboyuki runs away and escapes in his car.

Cell: Coward.
Engineer worker: I can't believe that Masaki made it.
Cell: Never mind, I'll deal with him later.

A workman tries to dispose of Cell by ramming him with a car.

Cell: You are all weaklings.

He flips the car upside down. 

Workman: Be nice.
Cell: Say your prayers.

He kicks the workman into a department store window.

Workman: I knew I should've stayed home today.

Cell leaves the construction site.

Cell (thinking): Wait for me Tsunami; soon you will be a part of the perfect 
being.

Scene- Masaki house, everyone is watching TV.

News reporter: Earlier today, a monster attacked a construction site in Okayama.
Tsunami: It must be the same creature looking for me.
News reporter: This monster claims to be looking for someone called Tsunami.
Washu: It's the same creature all right.

The news reporter gives all the details.

Ryoko: Boy Tsunami, I wouldn't want to be in your shoes.
Tsunami: Who would?
Tenchi: I wonder if dad's okay.
Ryoko: I'm sure he's fine Tenchi.

She wraps her arms around him.

Ayeka: Hey, get your disgusting hands off Lord Tenchi.
Ryoko: Make me.
Ayeka: You monster woman. You make that creature look good.

Scene- The area surrounding the Funaho tree, Sasami and Ryo-Ohki are relaxing.

Sasami: What a beautiful day
Ryo-Ohki- Meow, meow.
Sasami- I don't speak your language.

After drawing with Ryoko, Ayeka joins her sister.

Ayeka: Sasami, what are you doing here?
Sasami: Oh, Ayeka. I'm just relaxing.
Ayeka: Sasami, you shouldn't be out here with that monster on a rampage.
Sasami: I miss Mihoshi. Why did she have to go back?
Ayeka: It's what her grandfather, the grand martial wanted.

An eerie laugh fills the air and Cell appears.

Cell: So, you're the child that Tsunami fused with?
Ayeka: And how did you know that?
Cell: Kagato told me while I was in the spirit realm.
Sasami: Ayeka, don't let him get me.
Cell: Seeing that you possess part of Tsunami's power, I'll absorb you first.
Ayeka: You'll do nothing of the sort.
Cell: You challenge me?

Ayeka summons her mini logs and give Cell an electric shock.
Cell doesn't flinch

Cell: You'll have to do better than that.
Ayeka: It can't be.
Cell: Don't tell me that's all you've got.
Sasami: No, don't give up Ayeka.

Ayeka tries to punch Cell.
Cell isn't affected by Ayeka's punch.

Ayeka: How strong are you?
Cell: I'm only at twenty percent of my maximum power.
Sasami: Huh, that's only a fifth of his power?
Cell: Shocking, isn't it?

Tenchi and the other show up.

Cell: This should prove interesting.
Tenchi: That thing's disgusting.
Cell: Disgusting am I? You're dead.

Tenchi activates the Tenchi-Ken and charges at Cell.

Cell: Please.

He knocks Tenchi aside.
Tenchi is able to generate his three Light-hawk wings.

Cell: Pretty clever boy, now let's see what you got.

Tenchi sets up his Light-hawk wings and charges at Cell again.

Cell: Energy wings transformed into armour and a sword, get real. 

Cell knocks Tenchi into a nearby tree (not the Funaho tree).

Cell: Who's next?
Washu: I don't believe it.
Yosho: Tenchi used his Light-hawk wings but that thing still proved too much for 
him.
Ayeka: He told me that he was only at twenty percent of his true power.

Everyone is shocked at this announcement.
The Z fighters arrive and hide behind a nearby bush.

Goku (whispering): The vast majority of them are women.
Vegeta (whispering): It must be a ladies night.

Back with Cell, Tsunami notices his gaze at her.

Tsunami: Leave us alone you wicked demon.
Cell: Ah, so you're Tsunami. Just wait there.
Washu: You're not absorbing her without going through me.
Goku (thinking): So that's Cell's target? The power coming from that blue haired 
woman is enormous
Vegeta (thinking): Surpassed by a woman, how humiliating and I haven't even met 
her yet.
Cell: Professor Washu of the RSSA (Royal Science Space Academy)
Washu: I understand that you met Kagato in the afterlife.
Cell: Yes I did and the information he gave me was extraordinary.
Washu: Really? I suppose he told you about Jurai and everything else.
Cell: He did and now I will succeed where he failed and I will become the 
perfect being.
Yosho: Huh?
Washu: It's probably his version of the strongest being in the universe.
Cell: Enough chitchat, it's time to fight.

To be continued...

Author's note- Well that's chapter two done. I hope you enjoy it. Ever since 
I've seen the OVA series, I've developed favouritism for Sasami and Tsunami. I'm 
not sure how long this fanfic will be, but I'll try to keep it fewer than seven 
or eight chapters. Next time Washu will square off against Cell to find that 
Cell is isn't as strong as Tsunami had anticipated, but he's in fact just as 
strong as Tokimi. Remember, my email address is goku45uk@yahho.co.uk. 




