Disclaimer- I just want to say that I don't own any the characters from Tenchi 
Muyo or Dragonball Z. Pioneer and AIC own Tenchi Muyo and I don't know the name 
of the company that owns Dragonball Z (no offence to the company). I'm not 
trying to make money from this fanfic so please don't sue.

This story takes place a year after the Cell Games and a week after Jurai's 
royal family visited Tenchi's house

The Goddess VS The Ultimate Android Chapter 1- Cell meets the Tenchi crew
Scene- In the woods in Japan a gang of three boys have found the seven 
Dragonballs.

Boy 1: Hey I found seven weird balls.
Boy 2: They're probably just junk.
Boy 3: I have a speech to share from the story of the good dragon.
Boy 2: What?" 
Boy 3: Arise dragon and grant me anything that I desire.

The Dragonballs begin to glow and Shenlong arises

Shenlong: You have collected all seven Dragonballs and I will grant you any two 
wishes.
Boy 1: Mega cool, I wish that that creature called Cell be brought back to life.
Boy 2: Are you crazy, what do you think you're doing?
Boy 1: Hey, I really liked the Cell Games and I want him to hold another 
tournament.
Boy 3: You're nuts 

Cell appears before the three boys in his complete form.

Cell: Where am I?"
Shenlong: Your wish has been granted, what is your last wish?
Boy 1: Mr Dragon, could you give me a million yen in unmarked bills?
Shenlong: Your wish is granted, farewell.

A million yen notes appear and the Dragonballs rise and scatter across the 
planet.

Cell: Thank you for resurrecting me you foolish boys.
Boy 1: We only resurrected you so you can hold another tournament.
Cell: Oh really, well I'm afraid that you three are dead.
Boy 2: I knew this was a bad idea.
Boy 3: RUN! 

Cell easily sends the three boys to the spirit realm with a basic energy blast.

Scene- Kami's Lookout. Mr Popo and Dende sense Cell's power

Dende: Something is wrong Mr Popo. I can feel it.
Mr Popo: Yes, I agree.
Dende: What? It's Cell.
Mr Popo: Cell, but I thought that Gohan finished Cell off for good.
Dende: Someone's wished him back with the Dragonballs
Mr Popo: Who would do such a thing?
Dende: I don't know.

Gohan and Piccolo appear.

Gohan: This is bad
Piccolo: Okay Dende, so where's Cell?
Dende: I think I detected him near the suburbs of Okayama, Japan.
Gohan: Well, King Yamma of the spirit realm has decided to give my dad his life 
back.
Dende: Excellent
Gohan: But it's only until Cell is defeated.
Dende: Oh.
Piccolo: Stop wasting time and let's go to Okayama.

Goku appears and flies off with Gohan and Piccolo

Goku: It feels great to be alive again.
Gohan: Its only temporary dad so don't get too comfortable.
 Goku: I know.

The other Z fighters join them

Yamcha: I can't believe that Cell is back.
Tien: We've got our work cut out for us.
Vegeta: I only came along to beat Cell.
Piccolo: You're still not strong enough to beat Cell. 
Vegeta: Do not question me Namek.

Scene- At the Masaki household, everything is going normally.

Ayeka: You keep your hands off Lord Tenchi.
Ryoko: Why couldn't you have gone home?
Ayeka: How dare you; you saw what my mother could do.
Ryoko: Well she's not here.
Ayeka: That's it.

Ayeka stands up and summons her mini logs 
Ryoko activates her light saber
All hell breaks lose.

Tenchi: Not again.
Sasami: Tenchi, are you all right?
Tenchi: I think so Sasami.
Sasami: Come on Tenchi.
Ayeka (angrily): Sasami.
Ryoko (angrily): Sasami.

Scene- Washu's lab. Tsunami pays Washu a visit.

Washu: Tsunami, what do I owe the pleasure?
Tsunami: I've been sensing some weird developments recently.
Washu: Has Tokimi shown herself?
Tsunami: There's a creature that I'm afraid of.
Washu: A creature?
Tsunami: Yes, and I fear that this creature may be even stronger than Tokimi.
Washu: Stronger than Tokimi, help us all.
Tsunami: I'll keep my senses on this planet.
Washu: Take care Tsunami.
Tsunami: I will.    

Tsunami leaves and Washu is left thinking.

Washu (thinking): A creature stronger than Tokimi, it can't be.

Scene- The Masaki Shrine, Yosho is in the shrine office and Cell pays a visit.

Yosho: Who's there?
Cell: Your worst nightmare.
Yosho: Bring it on.

Yosho comes out and sees Cell and Cell threatens him.

Cell: Hello their old man, I've come to kill you.
Yosho: What are you?
Cell: I never reveal my secrets to anyone.
Yosho: Never mind, I'll still destroy you.
Cell: That's pretty harsh talk coming from an old man like you.
Yosho: This old man is not as old as you think.

Yosho reveals his young features.

Cell: Impressive trick
Yosho: You haven't seen anything yet.

Yosho powers up and fires an energy ball at Cell

Cell: Nice trick, be get real.

Cell uses one hand and punches Yosho's attack back at him

Yosho: You're stronger than I imagined.
Cell: By the way, I'm looking for a blue haired woman called Tsunami.
Yosho: How do you know about Tsunami?
Cell: Some guy called Kagato told me about her in the spirit realm.
Yosho: You mean you're a creature that was resurrected?
Cell: Yes, I intend to absorb Tsunami into my very being and achieve her power.
Yosho: You're just like Kagato.
Cell: Am I? Well I've learned a technique to transform without altering my power 
level.
Yosho: What are you?
Cell (ignoring Yosho's question): I can transform into my first form and absorb 
Tsunami with my tail.

Yosho attacks Cell

Cell punches Yosho into a nearby tree appearing to only gently touch him.

Yosho: He packs quite a punch.
Cell: Say your prayers old man.

Ryoko appears.

Cell: Welcome to your doom.
Ryoko: Doom, that's what you think.

She activates her light saber.

Cell: A female fighter, that's new.
Ryoko: You should learn never to underestimate your enemy.
Cell: And who might you be?"
Ryoko: Ryoko's the name and you're history.
Cell: Ah yes, the infamous space pirate that served Kagato.
Ryoko: How do you know?
Cell: I know because I met Kagato in the spirit realm.

Ryoko takes her light saber and tries to cut Cell in half.
The light saber can't even cut through Cell

Cell: What a disappointment. I can't even test my complete power on you.
Ryoko: Your complete power?
Cell: Yes, I've been holding it back.
Ryoko: You freak show. DIE!

Cell unleashes a Beam Cannon blast at Ryoko.
Ryoko is wounded.

Ryoko: AAAAAH!
Cell: Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
Yosho: You demon.
Cell: Call me what you want.

Cell senses the Z fighters coming and makes his getaway.

Cell: I'd love to stay and chat, but I've got a date with a goddess.

Cell uses a Solar Flare to escape.

Ryoko: I can't see.
Yosho: What was that thing?
Ryoko: I think that Washu should be told.
Yosho: Tsunami could be in grave danger.
Ryoko: What do you mean?
Yosho: That thing told me that his target was Tsunami.


                                                                                 
To be continued.....

Author's note- Well, this is my very first fanfic, I hope you enjoy it. If you 
have any questions regarding this fanfic then email me at goku45uk@yahoo.co.uk 


