Disclaimer- I don't own any of the characters from Tenchi Muyo and Dragonball Z. 
The characters from Tenchi Muyo are the property of AIC and Pioneer and I still 
don't know who owns Dragonball Z. I'm not trying to make any money from this 
fanfic, so please don't sue me.

The Goddess VS The Ultimate Android, Chapter 5- Early bout 
Scene- Masaki residence, Ryoko has made up her mind that she's going to take 
Cell on.

Ryoko: I'm going whether Cell likes it or not.
Ayeka: Go ahead.
Goku: Please reconsider miss Ryoko; you don't know how touch Cell is.
Ryoko: I told you that I don't care.

She leaves for the tournament grounds.

Scene- Tournament grounds, Cell is mentally preparing for his match with 
Tsunami.

Sasami: You monster; let me go.
Cell: Be quiet.
Sasami: You'll pay for this.
Cell: What of be quiet don't you understand?
Sasami: All of it you big bully.

Cell slaps her across the face

Sasami: WAAAAHHH!
Cell: Darn, I've made the problem worse.

Misaki and Funaho are watching this.

Misaki: That Cell, just wait till Azusa gets through with him. 
Funaho: Yeah and he'll wish that he had never been born.
Cell: You know you mysterious midgets; your mindless babbling is boring me.
Funaho: We're doomed.

Ryoko arrives.

Ryoko: CELL!
Cell: Ah, Ryoko. I thought you'd learned your lesson back in our last encounter.
Ryoko: You don't scare me you organic piece of techno trash.
Cell: Oh, I suppose you're here to nominate yourself as my first opponent.
Ryoko: Kind of, I can't wait till the tournament. Let's fight now.
Cell: You just sealed your fate Ryoko.
Misaki: Ryoko? Where's Tenchi?
Ryoko: We'll see.

Ryoko lashes out at Cell and punches him.
Cell is unaffected.
Ryoko gives Cell a kick to the head.
Cell is again unaffected.

Funaho: Oh my gosh, he's unhurt.
Misaki: He should be concussed.

Ryoko then pushes Cell's nose inwards.

Cell: AAAAA!
Ryoko: It doesn't matter how strong they are, that trick always gets them.
Cell: You'll pay for that.

Ryoko created a light saber and attempts to slash Cell.
Cell dodges them all. 
Ryoko is punched into a cliff.

Cell: For an infamous space pirate, you don't provide me with a challenge.
Ryoko: Just you wait Cell; someone will beat you.
Cell: Who? Will it be Tsunami?

Ryoko fires multiple energy blasts at Cell.

Ryoko: See how you like that Cell.

Ryoko continues until she is sure that she can't see Cell.

Misaki: Ryoko did it.
Funaho: I'm not so sure Misaki.
Misaki: No one could've survived that.

When the smoke clears, Cell is still there virtually unscratched.

Misaki: It can't be, he doesn't even have a scratch.
Funaho: I think we may have underestimated him.
Cell: What a waste of time you are. I can't even test my full power on you 
Ryoko.
Misaki: What? 
Funaho: His full power? 
Ryoko (thinking): I better think of something fast or I'm done for.
Cell: Do you enjoy wasting my time?
Ryoko: Yeah.
Cell: Say goodbye Ryoko.

Ryoko pokes Cell in the eyes.

Ryoko: Another handy trick that works regardless of your opponent's strength.
Cell: You can't beat me; I am the perfect weapon.
Ryoko: Perfect, I thought that you were a useless slob.
Cell: A funny one huh?

Ryoko goes through a cliff.
Cell follows.
Ryoko appears above Cell.
Cell detects her.
Ryoko powers up to her maximum power (The amount of power she can get out of one 
gem).

Cell: So you were holding back after all?
Ryoko: Say your prayers Cell.

Ryoko charges up an energy beam and fires it at Cell.

Cell: What's this now?

The beam hits Cell and explodes

Misaki: Did she do it?
Funaho: Let's hope so.
Sasami: Way to go Ryoko.
Ryoko: I hope I did it, I don't have any power left to attack anymore.

Scene- Masaki residence, everyone is wondering about Ryoko.

Piccolo: Cell's power level has dropped a little.
Tenchi: Only a little? Oh no.
Piccolo: But Ryoko used most of her energy in her last attack.
Goku: No, I wont let Cell kill anyone else.
Ayeka: Is Sasami okay?
Tien: She's okay so far. Wow, I sense two high power levels witnessing the 
fight.
Yosho: Two people are watching?
Goku: I'm going there, I'll let you know who these mysterious people are.

Scene- Tournament grounds, Ryoko is waiting for the smoke to clear.

Misaki: She's won.
Funaho: I'm not too sure.

The smoke clears and Cell is still there with only one side.

Cell: You actually got me.
Ryoko: Now you're right for the picking Cell.
Misaki: I think I'm going to throw up.

Cell regenerates his severed side.

Ryoko: I'm doomed.
Cell: Out of ideas are we?
Ryoko: Yeah, but before you destroy me, I have a last request.
Cell: Last request? Sure, why not?
Ryoko: What exactly did Kagato tell you in the spirit realm?
Cell: He simply told me all there was to know of Tsunami and this planet called 
Jurai.
Ryoko: I might have guessed.
Cell: Say goodbye Ryoko.

Goku appears.

Cell: Goku.
Goku: Hello again Cell.
Ryoko: Mr Goku, what are you doing here?
Goku: Yell at me later.
Cell: Have you come to nominate yourself as my first opponent?
Goku: If you defeat Tsunami, then I'll go next.
Cell: I see that you've improved since we last met.
Goku: You will pay for your crimes.

He grabs Ryoko and goes back to the Masaki house.

Cell: Thank you for that information Goku, you just made Tsunami's fate more 
interesting.

Scene- Masaki residence, Everyone is congratulating Goku on his return.

Tenchi: Ryoko, you're safe.
Ryoko: Thanks to Goku.
Ayeka: So how strong is Cell exactly?
Goku: I think that Tsunami's got her work cut out for her.
Yamcha: Where is Tsunami?

Tsunami is at the Masaki Shrine in what looks like meditation.

Vegeta: If that's her idea of training then she's crazy.


To be continued...


Author's notes- Well I've finally got round to chapter five, I apologise for the 
lateness of this submission.I was occupied with other things. I apologise to 
Ryoko fans if you thought Cell and Ryoko's fight wasn't a good one, I didn't 
want to embarrass her. In the next chapter, the tournament begins and Seiryo and 
Azusa try their luck against Cell, but realise that they are no match for the 
evil android.  

