EVEN A GODDESS....
By Rob "Ashita" Barba <ashita@rocketmail.com>
[This space reserved for OMG! and Tenchi Muyo! Disclaimers]
=======================
  Dear Diary,
  I never thought I'd ever feel this way.  I didn't think it would be possible.  
Certainly not me.  Despite my reputation, I'm actually not the romantic type; I
always left the ideals of love and all that went with it to my younger sister, Belle.
 But after that day....
  I can just remember it like it was yesterday.  Then again, I can always remember
things like they were yesterday.  I am the norse godess of the past, right?
  In any event...

*  *  *

  I was walking along in the Ginza, doing some shopping.  Buying the CDs at HMV,
picking up a pair of jeans at Marui; y'know, the normal kind of stuff that your
everyday 26-year-old foriegner in Japan does.  Or at least people like me, who tend
to look like that.
  I was doing that, until something, I dunno, instinct or fate itself, told me to 
look up.
  And there he was.
  He was being dragged around by a pair of girls, and looking really uncomfortable
about it.  One was dressed in a really bizarre looking kimono, I think he called her
"Aeka" or "Ayeka" or something along those lines.  The other girl was humanoid but 
not human, easily discernable by the fact that she was floating but not walking, and
the monkey-like tail.  Even so, she had a name that sounded sorta local, like
"Ryoko."
  I sat there, watching.  And watching.  And watching.  And watching.  Ad infinitum.
Ad nauseum.
  Oh--I was also unintentionally listening to their conversation:
  "So Tenchi, now that we've got time in Tokyo, howzabout we go spend a little
romantic time at this one secluded place I've heard of?"  She was obviously the pushy
type.
  "No, Ryoko," he said, sounding half-annoyed, half-embarrassed.  I felt for the guy.
It was kinda odd, too; I usually don't do that, not even for Keiichi.
  "Tenchi-sama is not going anywhere with you, Ryoko!"  the other girl snapped.  She
seemed a bit dignified, but essentially the same as that Ryoko girl.
  Poor guy.  Has girls fighting over him and doesn't want either.  Perhaps he loves
someone else.  Perhaps the object of his affections isn't female.  Maybe he's just
the celibate type.
  Why should I care?  It's not like it's affecting MY life, right?
  I stared at the two as they continued down the aisle of the store, still doing
their shtick routine, fawning over that poor guy.
  I decided that as the goddess of things like that, I should get involved in the
situation.  Maybe if I help him out, I can get back on father's good side, and I can
get back to Asgard.

*  *  *

  So I did, and got intertwined as the oldest of those involved in the struggle for
Tenchi's heart (as far as the other girls thought, I was the youngest; it turns out
that both girls were both aliens who were hundreds of years old).  But I have an
advantage in the fact that I'm a deity and I'm nasty when I have to be.
  However, I can't go all out; after my attempting to "assist" Keiichi and Belle's 
relationship, she made me promise that I'd never use any of my potent potions again.  And I may be a troublemaker at times, but I do try to keep my word to my sister.
  Even if it would've helped one day, when...

*  *  *

  "And that's the whole story," I said, not sure why I bothered.
  "Um, yeah," he said, blushing.  I could tell that he was flustered by my exotic 
looks.  I smiled at that; I think I may have even blushed a little myself.  Besides,
I did have to admit he was a bit cute, even if he was younger than Keiichi.
  "So," he continued, "You say your name is Urd."
  "Yeah."  The way he said my name...as if it were the only word in the world that
mattered.  Or was I imagining things?
  "You say you're from Norway, working here for a Relief Agency?"
  "Um, you can say that."  Well, it WAS kinda true....
  "And that you're here to help my with my problem because I fit the criteria."
  "Well, yeah.  Your problem is unique, and our agency would like to be of assistance
to you."
  He smiled at that, and his grin somehow made my ancient heart feel, well, SPECIAL.
"Thanks!  You have no idea how good it is to be able to open up to someone for 
advice.  Nobody at home listens to me, Mihoshi has a hard time understand basic
concepts, and Kyone thinks I'm spineless."
  Kyone, huh?  An older sister, maybe?  "Tell ya what.  Are you free for dinner,
tonight?  We can go grab a burger or something and talk about your situation there,
and what I can do to help solve it."
  "Hey, that'd be great.  Thanks again, Urd."
  "Yup.  Meet you at McDonalds at Nekomachi at say, 6:00 tonight?"
  "It's a date, then. Mata, ne."  And then he wandered off, back to wherever.  I 
wasn't watching where he went.
  No, I was for some odd reason, watching HIM.  And recalling his words:  It's a
 date, then. And for some reason...
...those words were music to my ears.

*  *  *

  So I went for the usual McCrap, and spent time listening to all his problems.  And
as I did, the more I got to know him.  Little did I know that he'd worm his way into
my heart that night.
  I, in turn, gave him the Reader's Digest version of my life, and he listened like
he was truly interested.  I was stunned.  No one had ever cared for me or my life
before.  No one.
  We went for a walk in the park, and talked.  Just that.  Okay, so we also got to
see the wierd sight of this guy in a red shirt and a Chinese braid running for his
life from a pissed-off girl carrying a large wooden hammer, but I could sense an
undercurrent of love coming from the two, so I didn't see the need to interfere.
  Besides, I had other things on my mind.  Like taking care of the situation at hand.
  Nothing at all happened that night...but for some strange reason, I wish something
had.  At that point, an epiphany struck me.  I had become the object of my own
schemes.  Or was it Belle's?  Or Skuld's--that little brat was still trying to get me
back for last week's argument.
  For some reason, I didn't care anymore.  Not about the fights, or whose fault it
was.  All I cared about was his deep, caring, sensitive eyes, and the fact that I was
lost in them.

*  *  *

  It's been about six months since we met.  He's now attending Nekomi Tech, and
Keiichi's keeping an eye on him for me.  And if either of those two interfere 
anymore, well, let's say I'm beginning to lose my patience.  I'll get them off his
back, if I have to be nice about it or I have to be...not so nice.
  Oh, well, at least I know that what I feel is real, and not just the simple girlish
feelings I had for Lief or Johann, so long ago.  I truly love Tenchi Masaki, and I
think he loves me.
I think I love him enough that soon, I'll tell him my secret.  He already suspects
that I'm not the normal Norweigan girl I present myself to be.
  In fact, I think I'll tell him tonight.  He says he has a surprise for me.  I told
Belle and Keiichi, and they joked that maybe he's gonna propose to me.  But when I
looked in their eyes, I could see that they were happy for me and hoped that would be
the case.
  Oh, look at the time.  He'll be here in five minutes to pick me up.  It'll take at
least a second to get ready.
  Being a girl is hard.  It's harder when you're in love.  Harder still when you're a
goddess.
  But I think it's that much more worthwhile.
  Until next time,
  --Urd
END 51 minutes 38 seconds.
==========================
AUTHOR'S NOTES:
I just wanted to try out something new, so I used another non-Ranma setting.  I
primarily do that so I can prevent the problem of subconsciously slipping it into
my fic continuity.
I hope everyone likes it.  I kinda sorta think it's a bit too airy and not enough
depth, but I'm trying to write a whole story in one hour or less; that doesn't 
give enough time for full research or story development.
Basically I'm using two of my time-honored writing skills:  Zen Writing and 
Anything Goes Martial Arts Ad-libbing.
Let me know what you think, okay?
--Rob