Disclaimer- I don't own any the characters from Tenchi Muyo or Dragonball Z. 
Tenchi Muyo is owned by Pioneer and AIC and I don't know the name of the company 
that own Dragonball Z. I don't plan to make any money from this fanfic, so 
please don't sue.

The Goddess VS The Ultimate Android, Chapter 4- Desperation can be painful

Scene- Azusa's ship, Azusa is determined to rescue Sasami from Cell

Azusa: That Cell will pay if anything happens to my daughter.
Funaho: Try to calm down dear, I'm sure Tenchi will be formulating a plan.
Azusa (thinking): That Tenchi is nothing but trouble, how can Ayeka and Sasami 
choose him over me?
Misaki: Hey, this Cell creature is ugly. Where did he come from?
Funaho: Who know?
Azusa (still thinking): If only Yosho hadn't abandoned us. This is so annoying, 
even Tsunami likes him.
Misaki: Hello honey, are you awake?
Azusa: I was formulating a plan to rescue Sasami.
Misaki: Oh.
Azusa (thinking): If I take my daughters back to Jurai then I could lose my 
position as Emperor, I'll give them what they wish.
Funaho: I can't believe that this thing has chosen my planet for his wicked 
tournament.
Azusa (still thinking): I'll have to put up with my daughters' decision no 
matter how annoying it is.

Azusa pictures a confrontation with Tsunami.

Tsunami: If you take Ayeka and Sasami away from Tenchi then I'll strip you of 
your position as Emperor.
Azusa: Okay.

He dismisses the thought.

Scene- Masaki house, Piccolo is telling Tenchi and Tsunami more about Cell.

Tenchi: So Cell has all your techniques?
Piccolo: Yes, he also has the techniques of all my friends.
Tsunami: He's going to be hard to beat.
Piccolo: I hear you. Don't rely on cutting of his head; Goku tried that a year 
ago.
Tenchi: Why?
Piccolo: He can regenerate himself, even if it's his head.
Tenchi: Cell is immortal?
Piccolo: To destroy him, destroy all of his cells and he wont be able to 
regenerate.
Tsunami: This Dr Gero character must've known that someone might get lucky and 
knock his head off, so he designed Cell so that he could only be killed in a 
certain way.
Piccolo: That's my hunch as well.

Ryoko comes in

Ryoko: I can't take this.
Piccolo: You are no match for Cell.
Ryoko: I don't care, as long as I can get a crack at him, I'll be happy.

Elsewhere in the house, Yosho, Tenchi, Ayeka, Vegeta and Goku hold a meeting.

Ayeka: So, you two are real Saiyans?
Vegeta: Yeah princess.
Yosho: I've heard so much about the Saiyans.
Goku: It's such an honour to be in the presence of a princess.
Vegeta: You Juraians caused our race a great deal of trouble when we invaded 
your planet.
Yosho: Well you were invading our planet.
Vegeta: I understand. Even in our ape like state, some of your people still 
proved too much for us.
Goku: Wow, really. I thought that that form was stronger than anyone.
Vegeta: Hold it Kakarot, that form only made us ten times more powerful than we 
were in our human forms.
Goku: Oh, I see.
Vegeta: My power level was 18,000 when I first came to this planet.
Tenchi: You read your strength in numbers?
Goku: Well, some people do.
Vegeta: Anyway, when I transformed, my power level was 180,000
Ayeka: I heard that you took orders from a more powerful being who had a power 
that rivals that of even my father.
Goku: You must mean Frieza Your Highness.
Ayeka: Well, whatever his name is.

Scene- Tournament grounds, Cell is waiting patiently in the ring.

Sasami: Let me go you big fat dodo brain.
Cell: Shut up or I will personally hurt you.
Sasami: WAAAAAAH!
Cell: Don't cry, be strong. 

Sasami continues to cry.

Cell: I have to go, see you in a hour.
Sasami: I should've listened to Ayeka.
Cell: Don't worry little one, I wont cause you too much pain.
Sasami: You beast, you fiend. I'd be happier if you didn't come back at all.

Cell goes away and and bombards the Earth with meteorites.

Cell: That'll give these patriotic Earthlings to moan about.

Scene- Azusa's ship, The Juraian fleet orbit the Earth while Azusa's ship lands 
near Cell's ring.

Azusa: Somehow, this planet seems to bite big wind.
Funaho: What was that?
Azusa: Nothing dear, yeah it was nothing.
Misaki: Where is my little Sasami?
Azusa: We'll find her.
Misaki: I can't take this waiting. Why couldn't this Cell creature have held the 
tournament straight away?
Azusa: Then me and Seiryo wouldn't have the pleasure of fighting him.
Funaho: Men, they always have a habit of fighting.
Misaki: Let's found the tournament grounds.
Azusa: It's too early.
Misaki: I have to know if Sasami is okay.
Azusa: Go ahead and go then.

Misaki and Funaho go to the tournament grounds.
Cell returns

Sasami: What's the purpose of this tournament? I know that it'a just not to 
absorb Tsunami.
Cell: You remind me of Trunks. I have no hidden purpose.
Sasami: What are you trying to achieve?
Cell: I want to extract as much as I can from this planet before I destroy it.
Sasami: No, you can't do that. 
Cell: And why not?
Sasami: Because my Auntie Funaho comes from this planet.
Cell: Tough luck.
Misaki (whispering): So that's Cell?
Funaho (whispering): He looks kind of harmless.
Cell: We have company.
Sasami: I don't see anyone.
Cell: I can feel their power levels.
Misaki (whispering): We're doomed.
Cell: Come out of there.
Funaho (whispering): Never you ugly beast.

Cell gives up

Scene- Masaki house, Washu is wondering if Tsunami can beat Cell.

Washu (thinking): Tsunami's powerful, but I don't think she's powerful enough to 
defeat Cell.

Tsunami joins her.

Washu: Oh Tsunami. Listen, I don't think that you can beat Cell.
Tsunami: I know I can't beat Cell, he's just too powerful.
Washu: What do you plan to do?
Tsunami: I don't know yet. Perhaps I can try to out think him.
Washu: You plan to out think a creature that has the intelligence of all the 
Earth's greatest fighters?
Tsunami: I'll give it a try, besides what have I got to lose?
Washu: Be careful, this isn't Tokimi you'll be dealing with.
Tsunami: I understand.

Elsewhere in the house, Ryoko wants to battle Cell.

Goku: Miss Ryoko, you're nuts.
Ryoko: I don't care how much more powerful than me he is.
Tenchi: Ryoko, wait till the tournament.
Ryoko: I can't wait that long.
Ayeka: You can battle that creature if you want, but don't come crying to me 
when he beats you.
Ryoko: You take that back.
Ayeka: Go on, fight Cell.
Tenchi: Ladies, could we not fight? We've got guests.
Ayeka+Ryoko: We weren't going to fight Tenchi.
Vegeta: You have no idea what you're up against.
Ryoko: I don't care.
Krillin: It's offical, she's nuts.
Ryoko: Hey, I'm desperate here.
Piccolo: I guess desperation can be painful.
Gohan: If she wants to fight Cell then let her.

Scene- Tournament grounds (at night), Sasami's asleep and Cell remains awake.

Funaho (whispering): How can he...yawn stay awake?
Misaki (whispering): I...yawn have no...yawn idea.
Cell: Sleep little one, for soon you'll be a part of the perfect being along 
with Tsunami.
Misaki (whispering): No, no, no. You can't absorb my little Sasami. 
Cell: Who's there?
Misaki (whispering): Oh no, I've done it now.
Cell: Very well, remain hidden. For I will destroy this planet and all its 
people.

to be continued...

Author's note- That's chapter 4 complete. In the next chapter, Ryoko will go 
head to head with Cell, but will not win (I apologise to any Ryoko fans). I'm 
thinking of taking a break and write a regular Tenchi fanfic, but I will 
continued with this fanfic so don't worry.
    
 
 

