Disclaimer- I don't own the characters from Tenchi Muyo or Dragonball Z. Tenchi 
Muyo are owned by AIC and Pioneer and I still don't know the name of the company 
that own Dragonball Z. I'm not planning on making money from the fanfic so 
please don't sue me.

The Goddess VS The Ultimate Android, Chapter 6- Goofballs and Emperors fight 
first
Scene- It's the day of the tournament at the tournament grounds.

Cell: Ah, the day has finally come, now Tsunami, let's see how powerful 
goddesses really are.

An intergalactic news reporter arrives at Azusa's ship with a cameraman.

Newsman- Hello, I'm Steven Gunn for Intergalactic news. We're here live on 
planet Earth where the creature known as Cell is holding his tournament. Here 
with me now is the Emperor of Jurai, Azusa and Seiryo.
Azusa: I just want to say that Cell is going down. 
Seiryo: Yeah, he simply has no chance; we're simply better than he is.
Steven: you heard it from the Emperor and Seiryo, Cell is history.

They go to the tournament grounds. 
Misaki and Funaho join them. 

Azusa: Cell, you're going down.
Sasami: Father? Oh no, he's seen Cell's broadcast.
Cell Okay then you Hercule copycat.
Azusa: Show me respect you disgusting creature, I'm the Emperor of Jurai.
Seiryo: Excuse me Your Majesty, but let me pummel this simpleton. It's no good 
if you waste your energy on this dreadful behemoth.
Azusa: I see your point okay he's all yours.

Cell looks up and sees Washu, Ryoko, Krillin and Goku coming.

Cell: The audience comes, I wonder how many will fight me.
Seiryo: I would appreciate an audience on my victory. 

Everyone slowly arrives. 

Azusa: Feel free to watch. 
Washu: He's in over his head.
Steven: I don't know how, but Princess Ayeka has brought many guests to watch 
the fight.
Misaki: That man with no hair looks so cute.
Tsunami: They are in over their heads.
Cell: It's five minutes till the start of the Cell Games. 
Funaho: Excuse me Ayeka, but who are these guys?

Ayeka explains everything (including Vegeta's attitude)

Cell: It's time.

He releases Sasami and lets her join her friends.

Steven: It's time for the Cell Games, hold to your seats folks as Seiryo and 
Cell go head to head.

Seiryo: You poor barbarian, you just don't seem to realise that I'm better than 
you.
Vegeta: That pathetic fool has no idea what he's up against. He probably bruises 
like a banana.
Steven: Let the games begin.
Seiyo: Since this is the only fight in the tournament, I'll show you my good 
looks. 
Krillin: No, this is a repeat of one year ago.

Seiryo gets the lighting effects and does a display of his so-called beauty.

Cell (thinking): You baldy pest is right for once; I better not waste much 
energy on him.
Seiryo: Don't worry, you wont feel any sort of pain. I promise to give you a 
quick and painless demise.
Vegeta: Just fight already; this isn't a male beauty contest. 
Azusa: Show some respect, he's a noble of Jurai.
Vegeta: I'm shaking in terror, Juraian noble, ha I've seen stronger houseplants.
Seiryo: Well I'm ready to begin if you are Cell.
Cell: Your call.
Seiryo: Why thank you Cell, I'm glad to se that you've come to your senses.

Seiryo show some fancy footwork and punches Cell in the nose.
Cell is unaffected but Seiryo is too caught up in his glory to notice.
Seiryo delivers a kick to the head.
Cell only shrugs his shoulders.

Funaho: His attacks aren't doing very well.
Azusa: Cell's just good at hiding pain.

Seiryo gets behind Cell and kicks his back.
Cell just stands there and it's as if Seiryo's pummelling a statue.
Seiryo powers up.
Cell shrugs his shoulders.
Seiryo unleashes a beam of Jurai power straight at Cell.

Seiryo: Eat Jurai power you ugly abomination.
Azusa: And so ends the Cell Games. Too bad Tsunami.
Tenchi: It's not over. 
Azusa: No one asked for your opinion.
Funaho: He's right, Cell's still there and he looks unscathed.
Azusa: What?

As the smoke clears, Cell is still there unscratched.

Seiryo: I get it; you're hiding the pain aren't you?
Cell: Now it's my turn.

Cell winks at Seiryo and Seiryo is sent out the ring by a wave of energy.
Azusa: My turn.
Steven: As you can see, Seiryo lost, but Azusa is going to win.
Azusa: Listen up Cell, I'm even stronger than Seiryo, so don't take me lightly.
Cell: Idiot.
Goku: He's dead.
Krillin: We'll just wish him back with the Dragonballs when they regenerate.
Tsunami: Azusa, stand down.
Azusa: Let me take this guy out.
Tsunami: Okay.

The fight begins and Azusa unleashes a flurry of kicks and punches.
Cell stands there unaffected.
Azusa unleashes a bolt of Jurai power and then attempted to silence Cell for 
good.
Cell simply punches him out the ring.

Steven: Azusa has lost as well, what does this mean?
Cell: You guys are just a waste of my time. I can't even test my complete power 
on you.
Azusa: What, you mean that you've been holding back?
Cell: Yes.
Steven: It looks like Jurai's luck has run out as Cell just told us that he 
wasn't fighting at his best.
Cell: I've only displayed one fifth of my maximum power.
Misaki: Impossible, his destructive capacity could wipe out an entire planet.
Cell I have the destructive capacity to wipe out this solar system was just a 
minor attack.
Steven: Help us.
Cell: So Tsunami, are you up for a fight with me?
Tsunami: I hope so.
Cell: Come into the ring.

To be continued...

Author's note- I've finally gotten round to doing part six of my fanfic. I've 
been thinking of taking a small break and write a regular fanfic, I know I said 
this at the end of part four, but the idea left my head. However not to worry, I 
will continue with this fanfic. In the next chapter, Tsunami and Cell have their 
fight with a little surprise at the end and I'm planning on two more parts to 
this story.
  
