                                 A Good Day

by Bryan Neef
(version 1.1)
A sequel to Mike Noakes A Bad Day

On an extended visit from Ranma's mother, Nodoka, his insecurities catch up
to him.  Since his mother still doesn't know of his curse, he's had to hide
as Ranko.  Because he can't refuse his mother for long, a series of promises,
and their consequences, lead Ranma to a "nervous" breakdown.

That breakdown leads to his leaving his home and family to search for a cure.
Before leaving, he explains to Akane why he is leaving and why he is senten-
cing himself to his female side.  He promises to return to Akane when he has
either found a cure, or all of his options are exhausted...

=============================================================================

                                   Part 1
                                 The Return

The last of the attacking boys slumped to the ground, his face and arms
bloody and bruised.  The victor, Tendou Akane, stood before him in her school
uniform, breathing heavily.  "I told you, I will not date anyone until Ranma
returns."

She turned toward the school, ignoring the groans of pain.  She stopped short
when a figure stood in front of her.  She scowled at the intruding man.
"What do you want?" she growled.

Hibiki Ryoga looked at her, surprise in his eyes.  "Um...uh...Hi, Akane.
Isn't it, um, about time you gave up on Ranma?  I mean, he, uh, did run away.
The coward made you cry."

Akane clenched her fist.  Her blue aura flickered into the visible spectrum.
"Ranma is not a coward, Ryoga.  He is looking for a cure so he won't have to
put up with your crap.  Now get out of my way."

Ryoga sighed.  Instead of moving, resolve came over his face.  "Akane, if he
loved you, he would have stayed or taken you with him.  I've stayed by your
side since he left."

"No doubt asking her on a date the very next day," piped in a familiar voice.

Akane and Ryoga turned to see a petite redhead standing a few meters away.
She had a broad smile on her face.  It took a few seconds for Akane to recog-
nize the girl in the uniform, "Ranma?'

"Hiya, Akane!  How's my favorite tomboy?"

A tear rolled down Akane's cheek as she rushed to embrace the girl.  "Is it
really you?" she whispered.

"It's me, Akane.  I came back, like I promised."

"B-but you're a girl now.  Didn't you find a cure?"

"I'll tell you everything later.  Right now, we've got class."

Ryoga glared at Ranma.  She looked at him, a smile crossed her face.  "Hi,
Ryoga.  Have you taken good care of my fiancee?"

"She isn't your fiancee anymore, Ranma.  When you ran away, her father dis-
solved the engagement.  You aren't welcome here."

Ranma looked at Akane.  Akane nodded slightly.  Ranma's shoulders slumped.
"Who's your fiancee now?"

Akane took a deep breath.  "Father wanted to engage me to Kunou.  I told him
I would kill myself if he did.  He then tried to engage me to Ryoga, but I
refused.  I want a man who will be next to me when I need him. _I_ kept our
engagement, at least until I knew for sure about your decision."

Ranma smiled, straightening up again.  "Thanks, Akane.  I've made a decision,
but I can't tell you here.  Tonight, at dinner."

The final bell rang.  Both women laughed as they entered the building.  Ryoga
stood outside, shocked that his rival returned.  He felt his heart sinking as
he realized there may not be a cure.  He began to wander off, trying to think
of his revenge against Ranma.

***

Ranma stood at the front of the class with two girls and a boy.  Their names
were on the chalk board behind them.  She smiled at the class, rocking
slightly on her toes and heels.

"Class, please welcome three new students:  Masaki Tenchi, Masaki Ayeka, and
Habuki Ryoko.  Also, welcome a returning student:  Saotome Ranma.  You may
take your seats.  As for you, Miss Saotome, you and Akane stand in the hall."

Ranma and Akane giggled slightly as they left the room with their pails of
water.  They stood comfortably close to each other.  They giggled some more,
staring out the window.

"Remember the first day I came to school?" asked Ranma quietly.

"How could I forget?  That was the first day I knew my life had really turned
upside down.  I'm sorry, Ranma, for everything.  You were right about so many
things, and I hated you for that.  I...I found out how much you meant to me."

"I'm sorry, too.  That first day, when you walked in on me, our friendship
kind of ended.  I was hurt when you called me a pervert, I did what I did
best:  fight.  I couldn't bring myself to do anything physical against you.
I just wanted you to smile again, but it was so hard to let go of the pain."

"Are you back, for good?"

Ranma looked at Akane in the eye.  The two were the same height, now.  Ranma
had grown not only in height, but in beauty.  Her face lost the baby fat she
held the year before.  She also had a leaner body.  It had also grown propor-
tionately larger.

"I'll be here as long as you want me to be.  I will be what you want me to
be, when you want me to be."

Akane smiled at the response.  She looked into her fiancee's deep, blue eyes.
She saw the spark of life she had grown to love, but also a peace and wisdom
that had not been there before.  "Ranma, will you tell me what happened to
you at lunch?"

"Sure.  I'll even introduce you to my cousin and his friends."

"Are they the new students?"

"Yeah.  Tenchan accepted me without question.  So did Grandpa.  I found out
why shortly after I arrived."

"Tenchan?"

"Ukyou's not the only one who's ever called me 'Ranchan.'  I'm the only one,
though, who's ever called Tenchi 'Tenchan.'  Not even Ayeka and Ryoko.  Like
me, he's caught in the middle of so many girls after him.  He...he takes it
better than I ever did."

"Oh?"

"He tries to be the peacemaker.  He's definitely an optimist.  Tenchan taught
me so much about myself, and about life.  The things we did were incredible."

Akane looked at Ranma, worry etched in her face.  Ranma missed the look as
she continued, "With Tenchan and Grandpa, I've travelled to several places.
His homeland, Ryoko's homeland, Mihoshi's and Kyone's offices."

"Ranma?"

"Hmm?"

"Where is your Grandfather from?"

"A place called Jurai.  I'll explain all of that tonight, at dinner."

"Where are we going to have dinner?"

Ranma smiled, "Your home."

Akane just stared at Ranma for several seconds.  Ranma turned her attention
to the window.  Memories washed over her.

***

"Saotome Ranma!  Never will I let you marry the fair Tendou Akane!" bellowed
Kunou Tatewaki as he prepared to attack him.

The shutters to the classroom windows flew open.  The students were con-
gratulating Ranma and Akane, asking if it was true.  Ranma barely avoided
being splashed with the water as he and Akane denied the engagement.

"This ain't the place to fight.  If ya wanna fight, follow me!" commanded
Ranma as he ran down the hall, avoiding Kunou's strikes.

"Come back here, coward!"

<This looks good,> thought Ranma as he prepared to leap out of the window.
"Let's finish this outside!" he taunted as he leapt.

Looking down, he saw the water of the pool rush up to him.  "WHY ME!?" he
screamed before impacting with the water.

***

Ranma felt cool water running down her neck.  She shook violently as it
tickled its way down her back.  The giggling next to her caught her atten-
tion.

"I'm glad you're finally back to earth, Ranma.  What was that all about?"

"I was remembering my first day, and how Kunou fell in love with me.  How is
old Dull Blunder?"

Akane smiled brightly, "He's off to some literary college in Okinawa.  I'm
glad he left.  Between him, Ryoga, and Mikado, I was getting ready to go
after you."

"How long did he continue to pester you about being free from me?"

"About a week.  The first day you were gone went as usual.  About the fourth
day, he approached Dad about formalizing an engagement, thanks to Nabiki
telling him you left.  Anyway, when I was told this, I threatened to kill
myself.  I told everyone you would return, but no one believed me.

"Would you believe, it took holding a bare tanto to get Dad to back off?
Your mother politely forced Kunou out of the house.  We talked a little
afterwards.  I never told her about the curse, but I said that you were under
a lot of pressure and needed time to think alone.

"She seemed pleased, but became depressed later.  She thinks of you all the
time.  Both of you."  Ranma smiled as Akane continued, "Anyway, whenever
Kunou approached, I pulled out the tanto and held it to my neck.  One day, I
drew blood."

Akane couldn't react fast enough as Ranma cupped her chin, examining her
neck.  Akane noted the worry in her fiancee's face.  Ranma's thin fingers
stroked a small scar on her neck.

"Is this from the cut?" asked Ranma harshly.

"Hai."

"Why did you do something stupid like that?  Any deeper or over to the left
and you would be dead, and I'd...I'd be alone again."

"I'm sorry, Ranma.  I didn't mean to cut myself.  It's...it's just that I had
an argument with Nabiki that morning.  I was too upset to think straight."

"Was it about me?"

"Hai."

"How's she holding up without her favorite toy?"

"She's bitter.  I don't think you'll be happy when she gets back."

Ranma let a soft smile cross her face.  "I have two very powerful friends
with me.  I think I can handle Nabiki."

"Oh?"

"Ryoko's mother is a genius.  She has so many weird things, I don't think
Nabiki could sell any of them.  That, and I actually get along with
Washu-chan."

"Washu-chan?" asked Akane, her eye twitching.

"That's what she insists on being called.  The first few times I didn't were
worse than ever being locked in my curse ever were.  I would prefer being a
girl over facing an angry Washu.  When you meet her, you'll understand why
everyone calls her Washu-chan."

"I can't wait."

***

Ranma, Akane, Tenchi, Ayeka, and Ryoko sat together under a large cherry
tree.  Akane watched as Ayeka and Ryoko fought over who would give Tenchi his
lunch.  While the two fought, Ranma had taken pity on her cousin, giving him
her lunch.  She was taking bites from Akane's offerings when a shadow fell
over them.

"Hiya, Ranchan!  How come you didn't come and see your cute fiancee?"

"Hi, Ukyou!  I didn't come to see you because Akane and I have so much to
catch up on.  I was planning to stop by sometime tomorrow," replied Ranma
calmly.

Ukyou narrowed her eyes slightly.  "Didn't you call off your engagement to
her?"

"Excuse me, but who are you to question Ranma-sama in such a manner?" asked
Ayeka.

"Kuonji Ukyou, Ranma's fiancee."

"Ukyou, I never called off the engagement to Akane.  I promised HER I would
return with either a cure, or my being like this."

"So...so you don't have a cure?"

"I do, but I haven't used it yet.  I need to resolve all of my relationships
first."

Ukyou glared at Ranma, putting her hands on her hips.  "And how do you expect
to do that?"

"How dare you talk to Ranma-sama like that," growled Ayeka.

"Aw, come on, Ayeka.  This is between those two," grumbled Ryoko.

"Ranchan, I think you'd better say something fast.  Akane looks a little up-
set."

"Thanks, Tenchan!  Ukyou, it is not my intention to marry you.  What Pop did
was wrong.  While I can't pay you enough for what the Old Fool did, I would
like to remain your friend.  Together, we can work on restoring your family
honor."

"You have some nerve talking like that.  You ran out on me last year because
you couldn't handle being a woman.  WELL I'VE HAD TO LIVE AS A MAN FOR 10
DAMN YEARS!  You've led me on for nearly a year.  I loved you more than Akane
ever could!  And what do you do?  You come back to HER like nothing happened.

"Dammit, Ranma, everything happened.  Your mom's nothing but a hollow shell,
blaming herself for your disappearance.  Your old man's a stinkin' panda all
of the time.  Shampoo left to look for you.  Kunou's been to the hospital
eight times for trying to date Akane.  Kodachi's been committed because of
you.

"You LEFT Akane.  That means you should have come to me!  I've tried so hard
to get her set up with Ryoga, but she doesn't know how good he is.  You have
ruined my life again, Saotome Ranma.

"Friends?  HA!  You don't know what a friend is.  I don't ever want to see
you again."

Ukyou stormed off, leaving the group staring after her.  "I'm sorry, Ucchan,"
whispered Ranma.

"I have half a mind to teach her some manners.  There's no way anyone should
have to put up with her," commented Ryoko as she stood up.

"Don't bother, Ryoko.  I deserved it."

"Ranma?" asked Akane, taking her fiancee's hand.

Ranma squeezed it gently.  After a moment, she sat up, reaching behind her
neck.  "I want to show you something, Akane."  Ranma removed a small locket,
handing it to Akane.  "I've worn this since the day I left home.  It was a
reminder of my promise to you."

Akane opened the locket.  She gasped as she looked at the small picture of
her.  Though she couldn't see the whole thing, she knew exactly when it was
taken.  It was at the carnival, shortly after Cologne arrived in Japan.

Akane looked at the picture next to hers.  It was of Onna-Ranma.  She had a
shy smile on her face.  Her hair was done in a simple pony-tail.  A simple,
white bow tied the hair back in a very feminine fashion.  The photo appeared
to be recent, reflecting the changes Ranma had undergone.

Akane's thoughts were interrupted by Ayeka's and Ryoko's comments.  "Ooo,
that's beautiful."

"You take a very good picture, Akane-san," offered Ayeka.

"Yeah.  I can see the power in you.  Good catch, Ranma.  She's just like my
Tenchi," added Ryoko.

Ranma snatched the locket from Ryoko's hand before the argument began.  She
motioned for Akane to come closer as Ayeka began yelling, "YOUR TENCHI?
There is no way Tenchi-sama would even consider going with a monster like
you!"

"Monster?  I'm not the one who has to sleep 18 hours to hide those wrinkles.
Even I've held my age better than you have, 'Princess.'"

"Oh really?  Then why are you sagging?"

"I am not sagging.  I'm twice as old as you are AND twice the looker you
are."

"How dare you say that!  Seven hundred is not old!"

Akane's eye's boggled at the last statement.  She didn't have time to ponder
it, however, as the sky around the quarreling women filled with floating
blocks.  Energy began to crackle between them and the women.  Ayeka gave
Ryoko a harsh shove as blue-white lightning lanced through Ryoko.

Akane muffled a scream as Ryoko collapsed to the ground, laughing.  Ryoko
stood up as if nothing happened.  A maniacal grin crossed her face.  She held
out her right hand.  She clasped onto a golden energy rod.  It easily ex-
tended into a meter long sword of energy.

"Compared to 'Daddy dearest,' you're not old.  But to Tenchi..."

"ENOUGH!" yelled Tenchi.  "You two promised to behave while we visit Ranma's
family and friends.  That means no fighting."

Ranma leaned over to Akane.  "Is Ms. Hinako still here?"

In answer to the question, the twelve year old teacher came forward.  "DELIN-
QUENTS!  There is no more fighting in school.  You must be punished!"

"TENCHAN!  Look out!"

Tenchi dove behind another tree as Ms. Hinako focused her chi. "Happo-go-en-
statsu!"

Yellow tendrils of energy leapt out to engulf Ayeka and Ryoko.  They stared
in awe as the childish Hinako grew into her adult form.  Ryoko released her
sword as Ayeka dispelled the energy blocks.

Ms. Hinako collapsed to the ground.  Everyone in the school yard stared at
the previously feuding women as they stood their ground.

"What was that all about, Ranma-sama?" asked Ayeka.

Ranma sighed as she touched the pressure points on the fallen teacher.
"Thanks to Pop's perverted Master, Ms. Hinako has become an chi vampire.
This is her true body, but thanks to the old lech, she also has the body of a
twelve year old girl.  She was hired to keep all of the school delinquents,
namely me, under control."

"Why were you touching her that way?" asked Tenchi, unaware of Akane's grow-
ing anger.

"If I don't, she'll be able to draw more chi from people in about an hour or
so.  I was told this would cure her, but somehow I doubt it.  She's like
me, cursed."

Akane's anger dissipated at Ranma's last statement.  She went over to the
ruined lunch.  A tear rolled down her cheek.

"What's wrong, Akane?" asked Ranma, putting her hand on Akane's shoulder.

"M-my lunch is ruined.  I'd gotten fairly good when you left.  I-I wanted to
impress you.  Now..."

"It was a great lunch, Akane.  Thanks.  It wasn't ruined.  I got to share it
with you."

"But..."

"Shampoo's not around to give me any drugged ramen.  Ukyou's ticked at me for
finally telling the truth.  And the only interruption to lunch didn't have
much to do with us.  This is one of the best days of my life."

"You mean that?"

Ranma smiled brightly.  "Of course.  I've changed, Akane, for the better."

Akane embraced Ranma, crying with joy.  The Ranma she dreamed of had re-
turned.  Although there was still the question of the cure, she was sure this
was the Ranma she wanted to spend the rest of her life with.

***

"I'm home!" called Akane as she and the others entered the gate.

She was excited to be there, to share her happiness with her family.  Ranma
was looking around the compound as if for the first time.  Tenchi, Ayeka, and
Ryoko did the same thing.  Akane turned to her fiancee.  "Why don't you go
say hi to your old man?  I'm sure he'd like to spar with his son."

"Shouldn't I change first?"

In answer to her question, a young girl stepped forward.  Her long, blue-
white hair done in twin pony-tails emphasized her apparent age of twelve.
"Hello, everyone.  How was your day?"

"Great, Sasami-chan," greeted Tenchi.

"I'm glad to hear that.  'Grandpa' is speaking with his daughter now.  Ranma,
I've set your exercise clothes on your bed.  Akane-san, your gi is also
ready."

"Thanks, Sasami.  Akane, this is Masaki Sasami, Ayeka's younger sister."

"H-how do you do?"

"I'm fine.  Ranma, your mother's a wonderful person.  She showed me pictures
of you and your friends.  You're a handsome man."

With that, Sasami returned to the house.  Ranma looked after her in shock.
She hadn't changed in front of Sasami at all.  The only ones who knew her
true gender were her grandfather, Washu, Tenchi, Empress Funaho and Mihoshi.
Mihoshi didn't count because of her lack of focus.

Tenchi put his arm on Ranma's shoulder, bringing her out of her thoughts.
"When this is over, you're going to have to show everyone."

Ranma smiled at the thought.  She turned to Akane, noting her angry look.
"Aw, geez, Akane.  There's quite an age difference between me and Sasami.
She's a lot like Kasumi AND is part of my bloodline.  I promised to explain
everything tonight."

<He's kept his promises so far.>  "I'm sorry, Ranma.  I guess, with you back,
things are starting to get back to normal.  I-I'm falling back into that old
trap again."

"I understand, now.  Come on, let's change so I can take on the Old Fool."

As the two women entered the house, Ayeka and Ryoko approached Tenchi.
"Tenchi, what exactly did Sasami mean?" began Ayeka.

"Huh?"

"You know, about Ranma being a man?  SHE sure doesn't LOOK like a man," con-
tinued Ryoko.

Tenchi began to sweat.  <How am I going to explain this?>

***

Genma-panda landed in the wall again.  He slid down the surface before hold-
ing up the sign.  "You win!"

"Man, Pop, you sure have gotten soft!  If it were me, you'd be harpin' about
my laziness.  What do you think of the moves Grandpa taught me?"

"They're impressive, Son.  I forgive you for running away."

Ranma turned her head at that statement, ignoring it.  Her gaze fell on
Akane.  She smiled.  "Wanna spar?"

"For real?  None of your fancy dodging?"

"For real.  I'll be holding back so I don't hurt you."

"Are you saying I can't handle you?"

"A year ago, you could have.  With what I've been through, I'm not so sure.
Tenchi can beat me when he really wants to.  You saw what Ayeka and Ryoko did
at lunch.  They did that to me the day I arrived at the temple, looking for
Grandpa."

"Oh.  I'm sorry, Ranma.  I thought you were making fun of me again."

"Never again, Akane.  You're too important to me to hurt that way again."

"Then why did you run away?" asked the panda as he struck his child in the
head with the sign.

"BECAUSE I HAD A REALLY BAD DAY!  It was the worse day of my life since Ju-
senkyo.  Does that answer your question?"

Genma-panda nodded meekly as he backed into the corner of the training hall.
Ranma stepped back.  "Good.  Don't you EVER think I ran away.  I performed
the Saotome Secret Technique Revised - Search Your Fate!  It's a nice tech-
nique, when used properly."

Ranma turned abruptly, leaving Genma watching her retreating form.  He had to
admit, his son was right, Ranma never ran away form things.  He sighed a
panda sigh as he watched Ranma and Akane spar.  <There's hope now, Tendou.>

Genma watched as Ranma and Akane danced around the dojo.  He marveled at how
much Ranma had improved.  It bothered him that his son was still a female.
The grace his child had held his attention longer than he expected.

Ranma's movements flowed as she weaved through Akane's attacks.  She concen-
trated on her movements, trying to keep her strength in check.  As Akane left
openings, Ranma took advantage of them, often knocking Akane to the ground.

The match continued for several minutes.  By the time they finished, Akane
had left fewer openings.  Ranma had smiled more during the time.  Both women
relaxed against the wall, wiping the sweat from themselves.

"You've gotten better, Akane."

"Thanks, Ranma.  Why haven't you said anything about how clumsy I am?"

Ranma looked at Akane, a sadness in her eyes.  "Last year, I was a lonely boy
who had no friends.  I met someone who changed my life, but stupidity kept me
from truly appreciating it.  Because of that, and the chaos that was my life,
I pushed her away by insulting her.

"When I left, I no longer knew who, or what, I was.  When I went to Grandpa's
temple, I was miserable.  I finally admitted to myself that I loved you, but
not enough to change.  Then Grandpa and Washu-chan showed me some of the
greatest things I'd ever seen.  They showed me how small my problems really
were.

"I watched Tenchan go through a week of madness.  When that week was done, I
locked myself in my room and cried.  I can admit that now.  I can admit a lot
of things now.  But I cried because Tenchi was going through what we went
through.  It was Washu-chan who finally helped.

"She made me confront my fears, and my loves.  She may be Ryoko's mother, but
she's closer to me than Mom is.  I hate that fact, but I needed her.  She's
the mother I needed, and the friend I wanted.  She's a bit odd at times, but
now that I know her, I don't ever have to see the ghoul again."

"Where is she?"

"Either in her lab, or with Mom and Grandpa.  I wouldn't expect her until
dinner."

"I see.  So far, I've met Tenchi, Ayeka, Ryoko, and Sasami.  You've mentioned
your grandfather, Washu, Kiyone, and Mihoshi.  Will I meet the last two?"

Ranma looked at the clock on the wall.  "I hope so.  If trouble comes, I want
them here.  They are two of the best detectives in the Galaxy Police."

Akane stared at her fiancee with concern.  She hoped Ranma was joking, but
couldn't see any signs of humor.

Ranma stood up, turning to Akane.  "After dinner tonight, you wanna stargaze?
I'll show you Jurai."

Akane blinked.  "Can't you show me on a map?"

Ranma smiled, leaning closer to Akane.  "Jurai's not on any map.  After din-
ner, when everything is said and done, we can go stargazing and I'll show you
Jurai."

"Ranma, you're scaring me."

Ranma immediately backed away.  The hurt in her face caused Akane to shudder.
<Damn it.  Ranma was opening up!  She, no, he was going out of his way to
make this day a perfect day.>  "I'm sorry, Ranma.  It's...it's this talk of
Galaxy Police, stargazing to see Jurai, and, well, everything.  It's like a
dream come true, but there's a hint of a nightmare."

"I mentioned Galaxy Police?"

"Did somebody call?" came an airy voice from behind Ranma.

Ranma jumped a few meters, clutching her heart.  "Don't do that, Mihoshi!"

"I'm sorry, Ranma.  I heard voices and thought there were burglers in the
training hall.  Don't yell at me!"  cried Mihoshi as she wrung the hat to her
uniform in her hands.

Ranma sighed.  "It's all right, Mihoshi.  I wasn't paying attention.  Akane,
this is Detective First Class Mihoshi.  Mihoshi, this is my fiancee, Tendou
Akane."

"You're that beautiful girl Ranma wears around her neck.  She's said so much
about you!  I'm so pleased to meet you.  When's the wedding?  Will I be in-
vited?  Will there be sake?  I get drunk when I drink sake.  Did you know,
there's nothing like sake on my homeworld?  We don't have ramen, either..."

***

Ranma stepped out of the bathroom, drying her long, red hair.  She wore a
long, elegant robe, marked with strange symbols.  Frowning, she stepped into
her room.  She froze when she saw the person in there.

"Ranko?  Is that really you?"

"H-hai.  I've come home, if Akane still wants me."

"Akane's been saying you'd return for a year.  She never gave up hope.  There
were days she wanted to go after you.  She was always saying how much better
she would treat you.  She...she also said Ranma might come back with you.
But I haven't seen him.  Father said to talk to you, but that all of my ques-
tions would be answered at dinner.  Do you know what he meant?"

"Hai.  I'm sorry I ran away without telling you what was going on, but my
life was falling apart.  I-I hadn't had a home in so long, it scared me to be
here.  I was having troubles adjusting.  Akane was nice to me when we first
met, but the pressure she was under by her family and yours to marry Ranma
made her difficult to deal with.

"I made it difficult, too, but I never had anyone to talk to.  Then, when
Ranma's other fiancees started showing up, things became worse.  None of us
knew how to handle things.

"Then you came.  Ranma had to hide, not that he wanted to.  We were told
about the promise to you.  His father made us all help him hide Ranma.  It
hurt us more than it hurt you.  You, of all people, deserved better."

"But I never would have hurt my son.  That promise was Genma's idea."

"Anyway, when you came, I was discovering who I was.  You tried turning me
into someone I was not prepared to be.  I was also lonely.  That's why I
couldn't deny you.  You were the only person to ever show me praise when I
did something you thought was right.  I made you happy, at the expense of my
own happiness.

"When I left, everyone I knew came and torutred me.  Akane, Nabiki, Ryoga,
Shampoo, Mousse, Ukyou, and Kunou.  Everyone pushed me closer to the edge.  

"I beat the tar out of Ryoga.  Not like I usually did, but in a way I'm
ashamed of.  If it hadn't been for Shampoo, I would have killed Ryoga.  As it
was, I almost hit her too.  I think I scared everyone.  But I lost control.
Had I not had the love Akane provided me, I would have hurt someone.  I
needed to regain that control."

"So you ended up with my father?"

"Hai.  Because of him, I've found the peace I'm looking for.  I found the
courage to face my fears, thanks to Washu.  Because of the gang, I found the
courage to come back and face my family and friends with pride, not shame."

"Will Ranma be here tonight?"

Ranma sighed.  "I hope so.  If the answer he seeks is not here, then we will
never see him again.  That's because of another promise he made, of his own
will."

"Can you tell me about it?"

"No.  I want to, but I can't.  In order for this to work, everyone has to be
there.  I only want to go through this once."

"I understand.  I finally understand.  Please, Dear, tell me about some of
the things that have happened to you.  If they relate to what you have to
tell everyone, let me know.  I want to get to know the young woman who has,
with my son, thrown so many lives into a loop.  There is so much to catch up
on."

***

Ranma sat next to her grandfather, instead of Akane.  She smiled nervously at
the assembled group.  She noted Soun's tearing eyes.  Her father remained
outside, but prepared to run if he need to.  Akane and Tenchi were smiling,
waiting for the announcement.

Sasami, Kasumi, and Nodoka brought out the food.  The family began eating
slowly.  They each talked of their day.  Akane stole glances at Ranma, hoping
to see the clues about the upcoming announcement.

As the meal started winding down, two opposite doors opened.  Cologne entered
through the main door.  Ryoga entered through the veranda.  Ryoga spoke
first, "Where's the Tendou Dojo?  A-Akane, what are you doing in Osaka?"

"You're still in Tokyo," she replied coldly.

Cologne chose that moment to speak, "I had heard the rumor that Son-in-law
had returned.  Where is he?"

Washu walked up behind the Amazon.  "Hello!  I'm Washu, want to be my guinea
pig?" she asked cheerily.

"I have no time for this, Child.  I have come for my Son-in-law, and to find
out why Shampoo is not with him."

"Child?  Well, I suppose I should change," she offered, transforming into her
adult form.

Cologne noticed the shift in voice.  She turned to see a very stern looking
woman.  "Interesting.  Jusenkyo?"

"Grief!"

Before Cologne could say anything, Ranma spoke, "Lsten to me, Old Ghoul, I'm
here to tell my family and friends about a cure to my 'problem.'  I didn't
invite you 'cause I don't trust you.  I haven't seen Shampoo since I left.
And I really don't want to see her anytime soon.  You and Ryoga can sit down
and listen to my announcement, or you can leave.  I don't care which."

"Is that a challenge?"

Ranma's features darkened.  While not becoming visible, her aura began lift-
ing her hair.  She relaxed when her grandfather put his hand on her shoulder.

"Now Cologne, is that any way to treat my grandchild?"

Cologne spared Ranma's grandfather a glance.  "Do I know you?"

"I'm hurt, Cologne.  It seems you have forgotten the one man who has consis-
tently ignored your attemptes at marriage for 150 years.  By the way, how is
your husband, Happosai?"

Cologne's hatred burned into Masaki Yosho.  Ranma stared at him in awe.
Yosho smiled, patting Ranma on the shoulder.  "I see you have not forgiven
me.  I doubt that you will forgive Ranma for doing the same.  You see, this
child is one of my heirs.  Treat her with great respect."

Cologne continued to glare.  "I see.  I will inform my great-grandaughter of
the situation, when I see her again."

"Um, Father, what is going on?" asked Nodoka.

Yosho smiled.  "I have been reintroduced to an old...acquaintence of mine.
It is quite fortunate that you were introduced to her with your father's
name, Ranko.  Had you used your mother's, we would not be here.  Is that cor-
rect, Cologne?"

"It is.  Have your heirs been...awakened?"

"Is that a challenge?"

Cologne stared at her ex-fiancee.  She relaxed her features.  "The challenge
is up to the next generation.  I will no longer participate.  As soon as
Shampoo returns, I will inform her of the situation.  It will be up to her to
decide her fate."

"Very well.  What about you, young man?" inquired Yosho.

Ryoga stared at him for a moment.  "I have come to challenge Ranma to a
fight.  He has destroyed my happiness for the last time."

Washu walked over to Ryoga, looking him over carefully.  "Hmmm.  He seems to
be in excellent shape.  Is he really a friend of yours?"

"I've always thought so.  I-I guess I have, even with what he's done to
Akane," replied Ranma.

"What has he done to me?"

Ranma sweated for a moment.  She looked at Akane then Ryoga.  She sighed,
"This is one thing I cannot tell you.  I have regretted that promise since
the day I made it, but I cannot break it.  It is something Ryoga must tell
you."

Nodoka spoke quietly, "Ranko, if that promise causes you pain, then it is not
worth keeping."

"Will you listen to your own words, when the time comes?"

Nodoka hesitated, giving Washu her opening.  She encased Ryoga in an energy
sphere.  "Ranchan, you made the promise, I didn't.  Since I didn't experiment
on you, I'll have experiment on him.  Before Akane-chan does anything, make
your announcement."

Ranma nodded.  "I-I left home last year because my life was falling apart.  I
have a curse, one that has prevented me from being with my mother.  When I
left, I promised Akane I would return when I was cured, or when all of my
options have run out.

"Thanks to Grandpa, Tenchan, Washu-chan, and the others, I have found my
cure.  Akane, you are both my cure and my curse.  If I am to be cured, I have
to know how you feel about me and if you can accept me.  That is also how I
can be cursed by you."

Akane looked at her fiancee, confused.  "Will you accept me, as your fiancee,
and future husband, as well as wife?"

Tears released themselves from Akane's eyes.  She started nodding.  "H-hai.
I accept you, Ranma, as my fiancee, husband and wife.  I have since you
left."

"Way to go!" exclaimed Tenchi.

Washu and Yosho smiled while Soun and Genma-panda cried with joy.  Nodoka,
Ayeka, Ryoko, Kiyone, and Mihoshi stared at the redhead in confusion.  Ranma
and Akane were too busy hugging each other to notice.

<Akane's my cure?>  "A-Akane, will you also accpet me?" asked Ryoga.

Ranma flashed her anger at Ryoga.  Akane was about to respond when the sphere
filled with cold water, transforming Ryoga before her eyes.  She shook her
head in denial.

"Oops.  I must have hit the wrong button," commented Washu innocently.

"You mean...He was...He couldn't be..." stammered Akane.

"I'm sorry, Akane.  I wanted to tell you, but I couldn't.  I cursed him."

"And you couldn't tell me?"

Tears rolled down Ranma's cheek.  "I couldn't until now.  He made me promise
not to tell you.  He made me feel guilty, saying it was my fault he followed
me to Jusenkyo.  I thought he would tell you, because he claimed to love
you."

"He...loved me?" questioned Akane.  "He LOVED me, and he was my pet pig?"

Ranma nodded.  She dared not speak.  Through her blurred eyes, she saw a
shape come to her.  She felt the tender embrace of her mother.  "Is that you,
Ranma?"

"H-hai.  Pop made me hide because of his promise.  Right now, I'm obviously
not a man.  I wish to return to being a man, but only Akane can release me
from my promise to her, and myself."

Nodoka tightened her hug, "My poor child.  I had come to think you hated me.
I never knew I was hurting my son by making him my daughter."

"Ranma is an exceptional child, Nodoka-san," answered Washu.  "He has matured
greatly, since arriving at the temple.  I would say he has become an adult,
wouldn't you?"

"I-I don't know, but she...he has made every effort to set things right.
Ranma, promise me you will never run away like this again."

"I won't, Mom.  I promise to never hurt you again."

"That goes for me too, Baka.  I-I want my husband, or wife, next to me.  And
never keep secrets from me again."

Nodoka embraced Akane as well.  The three women cried with joy.  The remain-
ing family looked on with joy and confusion.  Mihoshi cried more than Nodoka
and her children.  "Isn't this romantic?  Ranma and Akane are together again.
I just know both of them will be happy.  I'm sure their children will be
beautiful."

"Mihoshi?  Ranma is a girl.  She and Akane cannot have children without
help," questioned Kiyone.

"Hot water will return Ranma to being a man.  I know he's eager."

Kiyone stared at her partner, her eybrows twitching in frustration.  She
failed to notice the quizzical looks from the other women.

***

Ranma sat in the control chair.  Akane sat on his lap.  They held each other
comfortably.  The view Ryo-ohki provided them was breathtaking.  Ranma had
taken Akane away to talk.

She had forgiven him about Ryoga.  She had forgiven him for a great many
things.

Akane had grown up in the last year.  She had learned many things about her-
self and Ranma.  Many of those things shamed her, but they showed her how
much he meant to her.  She sighed contentedly.

"What's that all about?" asked Ranma.

"I...I was just thinking how much we've both changed this last year.  I don't
ever want to go through that again.  Promise me you won't leave like that
again."

Ranma hugged his fiancee.  "I promise never to run away like that again.  I
promise to talk to you more, and not let the pressure build to that level
again.  It will be difficult when I assume the role of Prince, or Princess,
of Jurai.  You'll have to adjust to that as well."

"If it weren't for the fact I'm in a spaceship now, I would not believe you.
I still can't believe it.  How do you handle being part alien?"

Ranma chuckled softly, stroking Akane's hair with his chin.  "It's like my
training trip.  I never had any real friends before you.  I thought Ukyou
was, but I know better.  Being an `alien' is natural to me.  But they're
just people.  My great-grandmother, an Empress of Jurai, is from Earth.  

"I met her shortly after I arrived at the temple.  She looks about as old as
Mom.  The thing is, she's tough.  I had to prove myself to her.  She'd put
the Ghoul to shame."

"Ranma, you said she was an Empress.  Is she a current, or former Empress?"

"She and her, `sister,' are currently Empresses.  According to Juraian cus-
tom, Nobility may take two wives.  I'm not clear on the details, though.  We
don't have to worry about that for some time."

"What is Ayeka's relationship to you?"

"She's my great-aunt, as is Sasami.  It's all a little confusing.  I just
started learning about Jurai a couple of months ago."

"I see.  What will we do?  Where do I fit in?"

Ranma smiled.  "If I have to take a second wife, it's going to be someone you
approve of.  She'll probably be a full blooded Juraian, but she has to under-
stand you come first."

"And she has to accept your other self."

"Yeah.  That reminds me, I have to keep going to school as a girl.  I'm
registered as one."

Akane smiled her own smile.  "That's all right, Ranma.  As long as you remem-
ber to look only at me.  That is, until I find someone I like."

"Of course."

"Ranma?"

"Hmm?"

"Thank you for this perfect day."

"You're welcome."

                            The End of Part 1

Acknowledgments-

Takahasi-san owns Ranma and Co.
Hitoshi Okuda owns Tenchi and friends.

Mike Noakes wrote the first story, One Bad Day.  Thanks, Mike.

Situations and events c Mike Noakes and Bryan Neef.  If you would like to
continue this, get Mike's and my permission first.  We don't care, but we
would appreciate being told of your plans.

Thanks to my prereaders:  Brian Drozd, Eric McGinnis, Ronald Chan, Lisa
Prior, Todd Foldesi, Thad Landis, Becky Spencer, and the many surfers who
found the story before its "official" release.

Critiques are welcomed at bneef@ice.net.  Please tell me what you liked or
disliked about the story.

Other works and links can be found at
http://www.geocities.com/Tokyo/Pagoda/3719/fiction.htm.

Author's Notes-

Obviously, I borrowed this story from Mike.  I read his story shortly after
he released the first part of his Choices series on RAAC.  The images leapt
out at me, and I had to continue the story.  For one thing, I don't like
stories where Ranma and Akane don't get together, unless they are well writ-
ten and the reason is valid (nothing like `I like <fiancee> best, so she ends
up with Ranma.')  Anyway, this story screamed sequel.

Another thing was the promise to return, but no story chronicling the return.
So, with the images I had and the relationships to certain characters mapped
out, I produced this.

I brought in Tenchi and the gang because they are a part of another series I
REALLY like.  Others have done the cousins approach, but I wanted to try
something a little different.  Why not make the relationship a little differ-
ent?  Instead of treating it like Ranma meeting his friend again, I figured
Ranma would be meeting the closest person to a brother he had.  And with
similar problems, Ranma had the opportunity to learn.  That's something I've
noticed a lack of in other Ranma/Tenchi x-overs.  But I find that in a lot of
stories.

There weren't many fights in this one, simply because there didn't need to
be.  Fights represent bad days and moods.  I wanted Ranma and Akane to have a
day where their fights, if any, were kept to a minimum.  After all, Akane's
love had returned after a year.  Ranma definitely didn't want to jeoprodise
his cure and happiness.

I hope you have enjoyed the story.  I will be continuing this one infrequnt-
ly.  This series, like a novel I'm writing, will take place in two time
periods.  First will be the main story chronicling Ranma's adventures with
Akane.  The second will chronicle Ranma's (and maybe Akane's) adventures
after his arrival at the temple.  Who knows, maybe we'll learn what happened
between Yosho & Cologne 150 years ago.

I hope you've enjoyed this.