jamess@valis.worldgate.edmonton.ab.ca (James Stone)

a highly unofficial Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-oh-ki and Ranma 1/2 Crossover 

Written by:  Tendo Kamakazi (James Stone)
Drawn by:  Ranma Saotome (Danial Ross)
(c) 1994 Stone Age Productions  All Rights Reserved.

As the scene opens, we are once again returned to the Hyperdimensional Realm 
of the Anime Gods.  The camera closes in on our beloved Male God, as he bends 
to work over his artists table.  As he prepares to begin his feverish work, 
the sound of high-pitched, hysterical laughter can be heard from a nearby 
table.  The Male God turn to face the source of this annoying laugh, finding, 
to his complete lack of surprise, that this annoying laugh is, in fact, 
emminating from that region of Hyperspace known as the Female God's table.  
With an annoyed frown on his face, the Male God turns back to his work.

Male God (muttering):  Hmph.  Wonder what she thinks is so funny?  Well, I'll 
        show her...heh heh heh HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!

The scene fades, and on the screen appears the title and credits...

Game of the Gods - Part 2

Story by:  Tendo Kamakazi (James Stone)

CAST

Tenchi           as     Ranma Saotome
Mihoshi          as     Shampoo
Aeka             as     Akane Tendo
Ryouko           as     Ukyou Kounji
Sasami           as     Azusa Shiatori
Youshou          as     Tatewaki Kunou
Wasyuu           as     Cologne
Azaka            as     Soun Tendo
Kamidaze         as     Genma Saotome
Kagato           as     Ryouga
Ryo-oh-ki        as     R-Chan

The scene opens in the living room of the Tendo's.  If front of a low table 
stands Azaka, who has large tear marks painted dripping from painted on eyes 
to just above a painted on mustache.  A pair of metalic claws extend from 
holes in it's side, and are gripping a postcard with a bamboo-eating panda on 
the front.

Azaka (woodenly):  At last.  Ranma is coming.  Oh how I have waited for this 
        day.

The scene fades, and the shows title appears.

Ranma Gimonhubunnoichi (1/?) - The Return

The scene opens to a Tokyo street on a busy day.  Kamidaze, now with 
apparently random splotches of black and white paint splattered all over it, 
is rolling right down the middle of the street.  The camera pans to in front 
of Kamidaze, where we see an obviously male Tenchi dressed in what looks like 
a refugee from Toma's Battle of Cantidates.

Director (angry):  Hey, wait, CUT!

Tenchi and Kamidaze freeze, and turn to look at the director.

Tenchi:  Er...what is it?

Director:  Well, look at yourself!  THEN ask me what's wrong.

Tenchi (embarrased): er, well...you see, there's no female Tenchi, so...

Director:  You mean...no-one thought to cast a female Tenchi?  (Tenchi and 
        Kamidaze remain silent)  Oh god...all right, we'll see what we can 
        do.  In the meantime, we'll stick to the scenes with male Ranma.  OK 
        people, let's get working!

Scene changes to the Tendo's bathroom.  Tenchi is in the tub, thinking about 
something...Outside, Aeka is perparing for her bath.

Tenchi (thinking):  Might as well go out as I am...

Tenchi stands, and reaches for a towel, that isn't there anymore.  Off to one 
side we see a round, stubble-faced figure wearing a yukata, dancing away with 
the towel, shouting "Yahoo!"  As Tenchi stares at the lack of towel, the 
sliding door opens, and Aeka, clad in a towel steps in.

Aeka: ...

Tenchi: ...

After a suitably long dramatic pause (about 2 seconds), Aeka quickly steps 
back, and closes the door.  After another suitable long pause, (about 1 
second) Aeka screams at the top of her lungs, and rushes into the Tendo's 
back yard, looking for something suitably heavy to wreak her destruction.  
After chosing one of the stones ringing the pond as her weapon of choice, 
Aeka looks around, her eyes lit with the unholy joy of of one who has 
committed herself to multiple homocide.

Aeka:  Where is he!  I'll kill him!!!

A long period of silence follows.

Aeka (clearing her throat):  I SAID, Where is he!  I'll kill him!!!

Another long period of silence follows.  Finally, Aeka snaps.

Aeka:  Hey, you, whoever's playing Nabiki!  Pay atten...

Aeka has turned to look at whoever's playing Nabiki, only to see a great deal 
of empty space...

The scene cuts back to the Hyperdimensional Realm of the Anime Gods.  The 
Male God is bashing his head against his table in disgust.

Male God:  How many characters are in that show anyways?!

The Female God notices, and turns to the Male God.

Female God (her voice dripping sugar):  Problems?

Male God (disgusted):  Look at that mess!  Now we're going to have ants for 
        sure!

Female God:  Oh be quiet.  (She cleans up the pile of sugar)  Anything else I 
        can help you with?

Male God (sheepishly): Baaaaa....BaaBaa, BaBaaa, BaBaBaa...

Female God (disgusted):  Be a man, for god's sake!

The Male God has a quick sip from a sake dish.

Male God:  Well, I was wondering if you...needed...Kasumi and Nabiki, 
        because, you see...

Female God:  Oh that's right!  I use more characters than you, don't I!  
        Allright, just give then back at the end of the series.

The Female God hands the Male God some cel sheets.

Male God:  Thank you!  (looking at the sheets)  Gee, she didn't give me very 
        many, did she...oh well, I'll have to do what I can...

The scene fades back to the Tendo's living room.  The living room is empty.  
The camera pans off the set, to where the Director is talking to Tenchi.

Director:  OK, don't worry.  We've got a female Tenchi all lined up.

Tenchi (relieved):  Thank god!  I didn't want to have to wear that stupid 
        dress again.  How'd you get someone so fast?

Directory (grinning):  It's easy.  You just have to know who to call...OK 
        people, let's get to work!

The screen goes blank, and we can hear the director yelling in the 
background...

Director:  Everyone onstage!  Places!  OK...and...action!

The camera refocuses on the Tendo's living room.  In front of the open 
sliding door sits Tenchi, beside Kamidaze, who's been repainted.  The black 
and white splotches are gone, replaced by a pair of painted on round glasses.  
Off to one side sits Azaka, in the paint-job he started the show with.  
Across from Tenchi sit Aeka, Nabiki, and Kasumi.  Kasumi is cheerfully 
cooking something, while Nabiki is busy counting a thick sheaf of yen.  Aeka 
just looks at the two, confused.  Aeka shakes her head, and resumes glaring 
at Tenchi.

Azaka:  I will explain it once again.  This is my old friend, Kamidaze.

Kamidaze:  And this is my so...er...warm-blooded decendant...

Tenchi:  Tenchi.

The Tendo sisters and Aeka stare at Tenchi for a few moments.  Nabiki 
suddenly spies a note with more zeros on it than the others.

Nabiki:  This gets more interesting by the second.

Kasumi:  Are you really her?  (Pauses to stir her cooking for a second)  Are 
        you the same girl?

Tenchi merely nods.

Kamidaze:  How should I explain.  I know...

An energy beam shoots out of Kamidaze, picking Tenchi up, moving him over to 
the pool, and dropping him there.

Tenchi:  YAH!!

Tenchi falls in the pool.  A few seconds pass....  Suddenly, an incredibly 
bright column of light shoots out from the pool.  The column shimmers for a 
few moments, and then a young woman, with long brown hair steps from the 
light.  The column subsides, revealing her face to the audience.  It's a very 
beautiful face, the only marks on it being a vertical line on her forehead, 
and a pair of triangles beside her eyes.  The girl is dressed in a much 
more...flowing version of Tenchi's costume.

Belldandy:  Oh!  (looking around)  Is this the...(pauses to check a small 
        card) Tendo residence?

Everyone in the living room is staring at her.  Those with jaws have them 
hanging open.  After a long pause Tenchi surfaces from the pool behind 
Belldandy, wearing a facemask and snorkel.  Spitting out the snorkel, Tenchi 
yells, 

Tenchi (shouting):  WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?!?!?

Directory:  CUT!!!  THIS, is your female side!

Tenchi (sputtering):  Bu...bu...but...

Everyone but Tenchi pulls out a towel and dries off.

Belldandy:  I am Belldandy, from the Goddess Relief Office.  That man (points 
to Director) called and asked for help, so I was sent to assist you by 
granting you one wish.

Tenchi mutters something under his breath.  Belldandy notices, and begins to 
cry.

Belldandy:  You...you wish I were not here?  >sniff<  V...very well.  I shall 
        go now.

A brilliant column of light shines behind Belldandy.  It proves that Einstein 
was wrong, then disappears.  A shimering column of light appears, and 
Belldandy steps into it.  It subsides, and Belldandy is gone.

Director (sobbing):  NOW what do we do?  We still don't have a female 
        Tenchi!!!

The Director sobs for awhile, then gradually trails off.

Director:  Well...I guess we have no choice...

Amidst dramatic sounding music the scene fades away...

Scene:  A street in Nerima, Tokyo.  A fairly typical street scene, with some 
houses, a few shops, and a sign hanging prominently over the street.

Sign:  NOT FOR SALE OR RENTAL

Suddenly, Tenchi and Aeka appear, running along the street.  Tenchi is having 
a fairly easy time, while Aeka is faring rather badly, panting and sweating 
heavily.

Tenchi:  What's wrong, Aeka?

Aeka:  *gasp* Do you *heave* have *puff* any idea *choke* how long it's 
        *wheeze* been since *cough* I last *hack* RAN?

Tenchi:  About 1500 years, by the look of it.

Aeka tries to smack Tenchi, but fails miserably, nearly collapsing with the 
effort.  The two keep running for awhile, until Furinkan High School comes 
into view.  The camera focuses in on the clock, which strikes 8:30...

Mass of boys:  AEKA-SAN!!!  WE LOVE YOU!!!

Aeka:  Oh no....here we go again...

Aeka suddenly lifts herself a few feet off the ground.  Her wardrobe abruptly 
changes from a typical Jurai school uniform (blue Jurai-style kimono with 
white collar) to Jurai battle-dress, complete with battle paint.  As one, all 
the boys abruptly stop.

Mass of boys:  OH SHIT.....!

Aeka summons a pair of Radiant Hawk Wings, and clears a path for herself.  
She then changes back to her school uniform, and drops back to the ground, 
just inside the gates.  Suddenly a flower arcs through the air, to land in 
her hands.  It's the same kind of flower she gave to her brother lo those 
many Juraian moons ago...

Youshou:  They fought for the privilige of your hand, Aeka.  But you'll never 
        defeat them by merely crying.

Aeka (confused):  Wh-what did you say?

Youshou (also confused):  Now why would I say that?  Oh well.  Farewell, 
        Aeka.

With that, Youshou dons a black top hat and cape, and leaps off into the 
distance.

Aeka and Tenchi:  ...

The scene switches AGAIN to the Hyperdimensional Realm of the Anime Gods.  
Bent over the Male Gods table is a new figure, holding a brush.  It replaces 
the brush, and sneaks away to another table, where it begins giggling.

Mystery God:  hehehehehe...ahem.  Now, where was I?  Oh yes!  "Moon Ankle 
        Braclet Makeover with Manicure, SANJOU!"

Scene:  Furinkan High School, a few days later.  Tenchi and Aeka are just 
leaving the school.  Behind them, Nabiki is taking a thick stack of cash from 
a confused looking Youshou, still in Top hat and tails.  Suddenly, a form 
materializes in front of Tenchi.  It stands staring at Tenchi for a few 
seconds, then begins to laugh.

Form:  At last, Tenchi, I've found you...

Tenchi: ...

Tenchi just stands looking confused, doing what comes naturally to all male 
anime heros.

Form: Don't tell me you've forgotten...

Tenchi nods, but then smacks his fist into his palm.

Form:  You DO remember!

Tenchi shakes his head, and displays his palm to the form.  In the center is 
a dead mosquito.

Form:  Why you.....

Tenchi:  Aha!  I DO remember you now!  You were in my old junior high, you 
        were in my class-

Form (with an upper-class British accent):  I was your teacher.

Tenchi:  Miss Fetenway?!

Form:  NO YOU FOOL!  Mr. Kagato!

Tenchi (dissappionted):  Oh...she was a lot better look-*erk!*

Kagato (holding Tenchi by the throat):  That's enough of that!  It's time to 
        finish our fight!

Tenchi:  Bu...but...I defeated you, and saved humanity as we know it!  
        Remember?

Kagato: Ha Ha!  You were fooled by my clever ploy!  You see, instead of me, 
        you actually killed my illegitimate twin brother, Vincent, with whom 
        I swapped shows mere nanoseconds before the fatal blow.  (he pauses 
        to shudder for a moment)  What I would have given for death, had I 
        but known!

Tenchi (confused):  What...?  What series was your brother in?

Kagato:  The Days of the Lives of All my Young and Restless Children.

Everybody within earshot is instantly rendered unconcious for a short period 
of time.

Aeka (regaining conciousness):  How...how horrible...

Kagato (weeping):  Oh the pain...(abruptly stops)  And now, Tenchi, YOU shall 
        pay!

Tenchi, overhearing that his life is about to be ended, wakes up.

Tenchi:  Wa!  What did I do to deserve this!

Kagato:  You're the hero!  I'm the villian!  Prepare to die!

Hearing this, Tenchi smiles, and makes no move to avoid the thrust from 
Kagato's energy blade.  The blade flashes down, reaching Tenchi's head, where 
it clearly breaks to aviod actually touching him, reforming on the other side 
of his head.

Kagato:  What!?  How did you...?

Tenchi (laughing):  Hahaha!!!  You forgot, the hero cannot possibly die until 
the very end of the show!  It's the First Law of Entertainment!

Kagato (thoughtfully):  I see....(begins to laugh himself) Well then...

Tenchi (nervous now):  Uh...why are YOU laughing?  You can't kill me.

Kagato (grinning):  No, but the First Law of Comedic Anime states that the 
        hero must suffer incredible pain at the hands of the villian at least 
        once every four episodes.  And now, Tenchi...

The camera fades to black as we hear an agonized cry in the distance...

Scene:  Ranma and Genma's bedroom.  Tenchi lies in a futon in the middle of 
the room.  Off to one side stands Kamidaze, eyespot dim with sleep, random 
splotches of black and white paint covering him.  Suddenly the door slides 
open, and Kagato floats into the room.

Kagato:  Tenchi, wake up.

Tenchi doesn't move.

Kagato (shrugging):  Oh well.  Goodbye, Tenchi.

Kagato fires an energy beam at Tenchi, who rolls away just before being 
vaporized.  Kagato stares at the charred hole in disgust, and fires a second 
beam at Tenchi.  Tenchi avoids this one too, snores loudly, and begins to 
scratch himself.  Kagato is now fully pissed off.

Kagato:  DIE!!!

If the corner, Kamidaze's eye spot lights up.  As Kagato prepares to immolate 
the still-snoring Tenchi, Kamidaze fires an energy beam at both of them.  The 
beam lifts Tenchi and Kagato outside, over the pond, where it abruptly shuts 
off.  Kagato has the presence of mind to keep himself floating, and even 
creates an energy shield to keep himself dry as Tenchi falls into the pond.  
Kagato the floats down to the side of the pond, where he stands with his back 
to it.

Kagato:  Heh.  The fool-

*GAA-BLOOOOOOOSH!!!!!*

Kagato:  What...?

Kagato wheels around.  As he turns to face the camera, his jaw drops open, an 
expression of utter and complete shock on his face.  The camera angle now 
changes to begin a slow pan up the RX-78-NT1 "Alex" Gundam, with Christina 
McKenzie at the controls.  The Gundam levels a very large gun at Kagato...

Kagato:  How fascinating...

Everything is enveloped in a white glow that seems to come from the Gundam's 
weapon.  Abruptly, the screen goes black.  After a few moments a sign appears 
on screen.

SIGN:  We are experiencing technical difficulties.  Please stand by.

As the sign appears, the sound of sirens approaching in the background can be 
heard....

Scene:  The studio, a few hours later.  In the backgroud, a nauseated-looking 
ambulance crew are hauling a smoking something into the ambulance on a 
stretcher.  The set is in ruins, the part not destroyed by the Gundam's gun 
having been destroyed by its thrusters as it left.  The director is talking 
to Aeka in the foreground.

Aeka (angrily):  Where the hell did you get her?  Did you just haul her off 
        the street or something?

Director (nervously):  Ah no...you see, her series ended, and her boyfriend 
        abandoned her under...unusual circumstances, and I'd promised I'd 
        give her a call if I needed a female lead...

Aeka (in disgust):  Well, what are we going to do now?  We STILL don't have a 
        female Tenchi, and now we're short a male Tenchi too!

Flashback scene:  As the Gundam fires, and vaporizes most of the Tendo's 
yard, Tenchi leaps out of the pond, and runs for his life.  He runs off the 
set, across the studio, out the door, across the yard, and over the horizon.

Tenchi (screaming):  AAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!!!!  Help!  I quit!  Mommy!

The scene returns to reality.

Director:  Don't worry about Tenchi, I've hired a crack team to recover him.  
        As for a female Tenchi, well, I have an idea...(he breaks into a 
        mysterious smile)  But, we're on a budget, so let's get to work now!  
        Next scene, Ranma meets Shampoo!  C'mon people, let's get moving 
        here!

As the director calls out, Aeka runs off to her place.  Various other figures 
can be seen scurrying in the background as the director thinks...

Director:  Now I wonder why that nice Mr. Ayoob was so hesitant when I told 
        him I wanted the very best...?

Scene:  Kolkoz High School Infirmary.  Aeka lies on a bed, slightly damp.  
Her eyes slowly open.  Aeka looks about the room and sees...

Noone.

Director:  Hold it!  Cut!  Who told you to start shooting?  Nobody move, I'll 
        be right back!

The director runs to the studio door.  He opens it, reaches out, and grabs 
the first thing with breasts.  Without looking at her, he hauls her into the 
studio, and hands her a copy of the script.

Director:  Here you go.  Your lines are highlighted, we're on page 14.  Now 
        if you'll just...oh no...

Hikaru:  WAA!!!  I'm an actress!  Won't Darling be so proud of me!

Director:  Uh, yeah...just go stand over there, and read your lines.

Bubbling over with enough saccharine-loaded, innocent happiness to make 
Barney wince, Hikaru runs to the set, where she fidgets nervously.

Scene:  Kolkoz High School Infirmary. Aeka lies on a bed, slightly damp.  Her 
eyes slowly open.  Aeka looks about the room and sees...

Aeka:  Hikaru?!

Hikaru:  WAA!!! You recognize me!  I'm so flattered!  (The director harumphs)  
        Uh...hai!  (She looks at her script)  Here.  (looks up)  What's an 
        R-chan?

Ryo-oh-ki *MIYA*'s loudly, and hops into Aeka's arms.

Aeka:  R-chan!

Hikaru:  The cabbit pulled you to safety with his teeth.

Aeka:  Oh!  Thank you, R-chan!

Hikaru (giggling):  He probably thought you were a carrot!

Aeka (confused):  Wha-

Aeka looks down at her wardrobe, to see that she's wearing an orange Jurai 
Kimono, with a green hood.

R-chan:  *MIYA!*

Aeka:  Ah...

Aeka is interupted as one wall is rapidly converted to rubble by and energy 
beam.

Aeka and Hikaru:  Wha-!?

A tall, blonde, and brainless figure strides through the hole, comes to 
attention, and salutes.

Mihoshi:  Officer First Class Mihoshi reporting!  (Relaxing, and looking at 
        Hikaru)  Um, I'm here to kill you.

Hikaru (shocked):  WHAT?  (begins to cry)  Bu...bu...but why?

Mihoshi:  Um...I'm not sure.  It just says here that I have to kill you. 
        (Holds up a script)

Hikaru (examining her own script):  No...it just says you have to TRY to kill 
        me, but fail.

Mihoshi:  No...mine says to kill you.

Mihoshi hands Hikaru her script.  In a close up, we can clearly see that on 
Mihoshi's script, the word 'try' has been crossed out.  An initial beside the 
change reads 'D'.

Mihoshi puts her gun to Hikaru's head.

Mihoshi:  Sorry, but-

Mihoshi is now interupted as Tenchi comes running through the far wall, 
colliding with Mihoshi at chest level.

Tenchi:  Uh...hi, Mihoshi...

Mihoshi drop her gun, and hugs Tenchis face into her chest.

Mihoshi:  Oh, Tenchi!  You DO love me!!

Hikaru has in the meantime been edging towards the hole Tenchi made.  She 
makes a break for it, only to end up staring into the barrel of another gun, 
this one held by a redhead in a silver bikini.  A black haired lady comes in 
behind the redhead, and surveys the scene.

Yuri:  Hmpf.  This must be the place.  (Goes to the director)  This guy 
        yours?  (She points to Tenchi)

Director:  Yes!  Thank you ever so much!

Yuri (smiling):  No problem.  (Turns to Kei)  Hey Kei, we can go now!

Kei (smiling, still pointing her gun at Hikaru):  All right!  Who says we 
        can't close a case without multiple homocide resulting.  Not ONE 
        fatality this time!

Kei throws her arms into the air in celebration.  Unfortunately, she loses 
her grip on her gun, which flies into the air.  In hits the floor, where it 
accidentaly discharges.  In a freak shot, the beam severs a cable, which is 
one which hold the lighting system up.  The lighting unit tilts...unbalancing 
the system, causing several other cables to break.  The lighting unit falls, 
where it miraculously misses crushing everyone but Hikaru. Unfortunately, the 
shock of the landing causes several ceiling mounted camera units to shake, 
and fall free from their housings.  The falling cameras kill half the 
production staff, but in a final improbable act, none of those killed are 
essential to completing the show.  The Director looks at the destruction 
around him, and can only say one thing...

Director:  Okay everyone, take five!

The survivors disperse.  One, a young man wearing a red shirt, wanders 
outside.

Red shirt (grumbling):  I wonder why non-essential personnel have to wear 
        these stupid uniforms...

The young man notices something on the ground.  He bends over, and picks up a 
single, undamaged petunia from a smashed bowl of them.

Red shirt:  I wonder who dropped this...

As the man begins to walk away, an oddly-sperm whale-shaped shadow covers 
him...

Meanwhile, back in the studio, repair crews work frantically, and by the time 
the break is over, the studio has been completely repaired.  It looks a 
little jury-rigged, but, it'll do until the end of the show, barring further 
catastrophy.  The director sighs, looks at his watch, looks at his budget, 
looks at the studio, and reaches a decision...

Director:  Okay people, listen up!  Due to...unfortunate circumstances, we're 
        going to have to cut this show short.  I know you're all 
        disappointed, but, I expect you to square yourselves away, choke back 
        your tears, and sally forth, unto the field of...

Camera pan shows all of the surviving crew running, shouting with joy, 
draining large green bottles, and waving Rising Sun fans around.

Director:  ...battle. (He seems to deflate somewhat)  HEY!!!  We're not done 
        yet!  We still have one more scene to do!

Everyone freezes.

Director:  That's better.  (He hands a new script to everyone)  Here's the 
        new script.  Let's get moving, people.

Everyone moves off to his/her/its job.  A feeling of impending doom, as 
palpable as the 16-ton anvil hanging for no apparent reason over the stage, 
hangs over the studio....

Scene:  The moutains, in the winter.  Tenchi, Aeka, Mihoshi,  Azaka, and 
Kamidaze are standing, looking with grim purpose up the mountain.  Nabiki and 
Kasumi are there too, Nabiki tucking some bills into her ski suit, Kasumi 
cheerfully whipping up some kind of stir-fry.

Tenchi:  I have no choice.  If I'm to defeat her, I've got to...(he grabs 
        Mihoshi)  Lets go!

Tenchi pulls Mihoshi towards a frozen pond.  Stopping himself at the edge of 
the pond, he uses Mihoshi's momentum, and his own strength, to pull her past 
him, and throw her into the pond.  Bubbles arise...and then Mihoshi surfaces, 
fully human.

Mihoshi:  Hmmm?  Um...why did you throw me in the pond?

Tenchi (frustrated):  Grrr...I should have known.

Suddenly a laugh can be heard from further up the mountain.  Everyone looks, 
and sees Wasyuu, sitting atop a HUGE cobra, made entirely of ice.

Wasyuu:  Give up, boy!  It's no use, I'll get it eventually.

Tenchi:  No!  You will NEVER get your final sample!

Wasyuu (sighing):  I tried to be reasonable, tried to give you a painless 
        and...pleasureable alternative...but surgery will accomplish my needs 
        just as well.  Strike!

The cobra begins to jump at Tenchi, but is blocked by the production crew, 
marching around on stage, carrying signs that read, "More money!", "Less 
hours", "Better educashunal benefits", and "SIGN".

Director:  What do you think you're doing!  Get back to work.

Muttering, the staff complies.

Suddenly, Ryouko phases in, floating over Tenchi's shoulder.

Ryouko:  Don't worry Tenchi, just leave this to me.  (She looks up)  And now, 
        you...

Ryouko raises her right hand.  Swirling streams of energy appear to flow into 
it, until they finally unite to form a large glowing energy blade.  Oddly 
enough, it appears to be shaped like a spatula.

Ryouko:  SUNDAY SPECIAL ATTACK!!

Ryouko swings her spatula at Wasyuu.  Several okonomiyaki-shaped energy 
bullets fling themselves at Wasyuu.  The okonomiyaki bullets get to within 
about 15cm of Wasyuu before exploding, providing a nice light show, but 
little else.

Ryouko (surprised):  You ARE good.  But try to stop this!

Ryouko begins to concentrate, her eyes glowing red.  Blobs of ice and snow 
begin to rise into the air, and gradually begin to form in front of her.

Ryouko:  I can call the evil spirits from the earth, and shape them into 
        engines of destruction.  And now, I unleash the demoness of the Ice 
        upon you!

The snow and ice has formed into a snowman, with two oddly familiar looking 
ponytails...the snowman begins to tremble, to shake, until out pops...

Everyone:  SASAMI-CHAN?

Sasami pops out, wearing her usual kimono, plus skates.  She heads straight 
for Tenchi, *GLOMPING* onto him.

Sasami:  WAHHH!  Tenchi-oniichan!  It was so cold in there...WAAAHHHH!!!

The scene cuts back to the Directors stunned face.  As we look at his 
immobile visage, someone carries a small bronze statue of a cats tail in 
front of him.  The Director sees it, and stares in shock...

Director:  A catastrophy...

Rumbling sounds begin...and then the screen goes blank.  It stays like that 
for several seconds, then a test pattern appears.

THE END

Game of the Gods

Screenplay by:  James Stone
Art by:  TBA
Produced by:  Stone Age Productions  (James Stone)
Directed by:  James Stone

---------------------------------------------------
And thus ends Game of the Gods.  What did you think?  Comments are welcome, 
wanted, to be encouraged, and are to be sent to me, at jamess@worldgate.
edmonton.ab.ca.  Any flames will be read, laughed at, and disposed of, never 
to be given a second thought.

Thanks to - Dan Ross, for getting me into this mess, Rumiko Takahashi and 
Hiroki Hayashi for having a mess for me to get into, all the members of 
BAKA who read the first part, and didn't try to lynch me (too hard), and all
those who wrote back, letting me know that there WERE people reading my work.
(Grin.  NOW look at what you've done...)

I had a lot of fun writing this fanfic, and I hope you enjoyed reading it.  
It probably took longer than it should have to finish, (this part is exactly 
1 month late) but work, visitors, and just plain laziness kept putting it 
off.  I also took some time off to start the Ranma 1/2 Lemon series.  So for 
all those who waited for baited breath, (Hah!  right...) gomenasai.

And last, Coming Attractions from Stone Age Productions!  The aforementioned 
Ranma Lemon series, an irregular series that I'll write whenever in the mood.  
Vampire Princess Muyo is my next planned project.  A crossover between Miyu 
and Tenchi, this one has been in the back of my mind for almost 4 months now.  
And eventually, a dramatic look at the Ranma 1/2 Universe, providing an 
alternative look at the relations between characters.  Pre-production 
versions have drawn some severe criticism from friends because of the 
liberties I took with the characters.  

Collaboration Projects - The Fundaments of Anime Physics.  Not my project, 
this will explain why things work the way they do in anime.  Also, The 
Otaku's Guide to Tokyo!  Directed by me, this is designed to point out all of
those landmarks you see in the background of your favorite animes!  
Submissions are welcome (read: Desperatly Needed!).  If you can think of a
landmark (real or otherwise) that is commonly seen in the background (or 
foreground) of many animes, send it in!  That's it, until next time, Ja ne!


=============================================================================  
|       /  /  /       |James Stone, Otaku, tifosi, and member of            |
|      |  |  |        |      -The Sisterhood of Manabe-                     |
|   ___ \  \  \ ___   |jamess@worldgate.edmonton.ab.ca                      |
|  /     |  |  |   \  |"Furinkan koko wa, dokoda!?" - Hibiki Ryouga         |
| |     /  /  /     | |  -Proud owner of more Anime than I can afford-      |
|  \_______________/  |The moral is - Don't back up.  Severe tire damage.   |
=============================================================================    
