Game of the Gods 3 - Dirty Moon
by James Stone
wstone@gpu.srv.ualberta.ca
(c) 1994 Stone Age Productions  All Rights Reserved
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Welcome once again to the Game of the Gods, where my mind deifies the artists 
and producers who have created the anime and manga characters we love, and 
then throws these same characters into...different places.  I won't explain 
much more...if you can't figure out from the title who this series blasts, 
then, well, you'll know soon enough...
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

The scene opens to the Hyperdimensional Realm of the Anime Gods.  Scattered 
throughout the blackness are the various tables where the gods work their 
demented miracles.  The camera zooms in on the table of one god.  On the 
table are two cels...one depicts a redhead wearing a silver bikini, the other 
a raven-haired girl in a yellow bikini.  The god's body can be seen up to the 
neck, where his head is covered in shadows.  He appears disgruntled.

God (assembling a high-powered rifle): ...can't believe this...turning me 
down for a new freaking (his voice drops into a meaningless grumble here, 
then...) TV series...well...(cocks the rifle) I'll show HER.  Heh-heh-heh-ha-
ha-ha-HA-HA-HA-(etc)!!!

Work at the other tables pauses for a moment as the other gods turn to stare 
at him, then continues on as normal, shooting rampages not being all that 
unusual for this god.  But...tragically, none of them realized the 
seriousness of this grudge...if they had, perhaps this senseless tragedy 
could have been averted.

God (whispering to the cels):  C'mon girls...time for a comeback special!

The god picks up the cels, and takes them over to an empty station.  The god 
here has been busy, numerous cels decorate the tabletop.  The camera pauses 
for a moment on one cel of a young girl, with two long ponytails, wearing a 
sailor-suit school uniform.  The god quietly slips his cels into the pile, 
then returns to his station, emiting a low and evil chuckle...

(Scene fade)

The scene reopens to a bright spring day, somewhere in urban Japan.  Walking 
down the street are two girls.  One girl has shoulder-length, curly brown 
hair, while the other girl has blonde hair, tied back into two long ponytails 
that reach almost to the ground.  The camera zooms in on the blond, as a 
voiceover fills the air...

Voiceover: My name is Tsukino Usagi, 14 years old.  Blood type O, birth sign 
Cancer.  I like to eat candy and ice cream.  I'm in the 8th grade at my 
junior high, where I don't do so well on tests.  Also, I'm just a little bit 
clumsy.  My voice alone can silence a crying child.  I am the undefeated 
kendo champion of the Junior Girls Kendo league.  My peers call me the Blue 
Thunder of Jyuban Junior High!

A pair of blue lightening bolts arc down from the sky, blasting a black cat 
with a crescent moon mark on its head into charcoal.  The short-haired girl 
(Naru) is staring at Usagi strangely, with a big, single drop of sweat in the 
middle of her head.  Usagi gets a surprised look on her face.

Usagi:  Eh...heh-heh-heh.  I wonder why I would say something like that?  
Heh...(continues walking)

Naru (joining her again):  Honestly, Usagi, I can't understand why you have 
to introduce yourself every time we walk to school.  I mean, it's not like 
you're not known around here or anything.  (The sound of bells)  Oh no, we're 
going to be late!!  (Naru starts to run.)

Usagi: W- wait!!

Usagi begins to run, but her toe stubs a 1mm high crack in the sidewalk.  
Usagi falls to the ground with a crash.  She slowly picks herself up, notices 
her skinned knee, and...

Usagi: WAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!

Bucket of water explode from Usagi's eyes, just as a young black-haired man 
wearing a red satin shirt walks by.  With a resigned sigh, the red-headed 
girl with the red satin shirt continues on.  The camera pulls back to reveal 
two shadowy figures standing in a shadowy alley.

Figure 1:  That must be her.  (Watches Usagi in disbelief for a few minutes)  
Are you SURE that the Kotobuki case was completely wrapped up?

Figure 2:  Positive.  Besides, this town doesn't have any of the abnormal 
behavior of the one that Kotobuki was in.

As Fig 2 says this, a red fish-like thingie wearing a blue space suit wanders 
past.

Figure 1:  Er...sure Yuri.  So what, should we just take care of her now?

Figure 2 (Yuri):  Stopit Kei!  You know what the mission orders were!  
Observe Tsukino for awhile, identify all of her known compatriots, and 
eliminate all of them.

Kei:  (sniff)  Bah!  I keep telling you that its all this follow-the-
regulations crap that keeps getting us into trouble!  (Yuri frowns at her)  
Allright, allright!  Sheesh.  Anyways, we've already got one.

Kei bends to write something on a notepad.  Written on the top of the pad are 
the words To Be ELIMINATED.  Below that is written Tsukino Usagi.  Kei 
scribbles the name Naru in underneath it.

Yuri:  Right.  Lets go.

Scene: Outside Jyuban Junior High.  Usagi is sitting with Naru, eating her 
lunch with gusto.  A girl with short blue hair walks up to them.

Girl:  Konnichiwa, Usagi!

Usagi:  Ah, Ami!  Konnichiwa.  (Looks at Ami strangely) Hey...don't you have 
any lunch?

Ami:  Ah, no....  I'm trying a new experimental diet.  You see, if I limit 
myself to exactly 1500 calories of food a day, taken at specific times, in 
exact quantities, my theory is that the chemicals in the food, in particual 
tribenzonitroboronaldethyde, will stimulate the production of the enzymes in 
the nerve endings, thus...

Usagi and Naru just stare at Ami, bemused, but apparently familiar with Ami's 
scientobabble.  In a tree near the wall, our two heroines are again watching 
the scene.

Kei (blinking several times):  What on earth is she talking about?

Yuri:  Oh Kei, you're so dense!  It's perfectly obvious that the 
tribenzonitroboronaldethyde will...

Kei (waving her arm at Yuri):  OK! OK!  I'm a dummy!  But...Tsukino seems to 
know her pretty well...what did you say her name was again?

Yuri: Mizuno.  Ami Mizuno.

Kei writes the name down, then nods to Yuri.  Without a word, the two spring 
out of the tree and vault away.  The camera follow them, then pans back to a 
young man, wearing thick swirl glasses.

Boy (Umino):  Hmmm....

A smile breaks out on his face...

A few hours later.  The scene is now a commercial district in the town, late 
afternoon.  The camera pans across the scene, passing a few passerbys:  a 
young girl with long purple hair talking animatedly to a boy with short red 
hair; a raven-haired, pale girl walking a few steps behind a boy with brown 
curly hair, carrying a bow; a group of three boys, one heavyset with a 
ponytail, one thin with a close-cropped haircut, the third dressed in black 
with curly hair.  Finally it settles on the front of an arcade, with posters 
advertising the latest hot action fighting game.  The camera closes in on the 
front door and fades to...

Kei and Yuri have changed their uniforms for the standard uniform of the 
arcade.  Kei is making change for the hordes of children, while Yuri patrols 
the games.  Both of them are keeping an eye on the new game, where a tall 
girl with a brown ponytail, and a second girl with long blond hair and a red 
bow are trying to get the heroine, a girl with a long red pigtail wearing a 
ridiculously short sailor suit past a monster with long white beard and hair.  
Both Kei and Yuri look up sharply as Usagi, Naru, and Ami enter, and join the 
two other girls at the game.  Yuri sidles unobtrusively up to the counter 
where Kei is standing.

Yuri (whispering):  Seems our source was right.  Tsukino does know these two.

Kei (whispering back):  Okay.  Did you get their names?

A large drop of sweat appears on Yuri's face.

Yuri:  I...erk.

Kei (whispering):  You're hopeless!  How the hell are we supposed to get 
their names without blowing our cover?

Small Child:  Hey lady, you wanna know those girls names?

Kei and Yuri: ...

Small Child (blistfully unaware of the looks he's getting):  Yah, sure, I can 
tell you.  The big girl is called Mako-chan, and the blond's name is Minako.

Kei (recovering):  Ah...thank you very much, little boy!  But, didn't you 
mother ever tell you that it's not polite to eavesdrop?

Small Child (thinking):  I dunno...she does quite a bit of it herself. 
(Starts)  Ah!  I gotta go!  Bye ladies!  (The boy runs out the door, where he 
is greeted by a large white dog)  C'mon Soichiro, let's go home!

Yuri (recovering now):  Well...that's it, isn't it?  Our source said there 
were only 4 we should watch for.

Kei (nodding):  Okay then.  We strike tonight.

The two move towards the door, when suddenly a young man in an arcade uniform 
pops up in front of them.

Young Man:  Hey!  Where do you two think you're going!  Your shifts not over 
yet!!

Kei and Yuri:  H...Hai....

Darkness finally descends over Jyuban, releasing Kei and Yuri from their 
duties.  The camera follows them as they practically run out of the arcade 
and into a back alley, where they shed their arcade uniforms for...their 
standard space bikinis.  Kei is fuming.

Kei:  Why that lousy, stinking, underhanded, tight-fisted...

Yuri (trying to sooth Kei):  Oh c'mon, its not like we don't have our expense 
allowance.  (She stops, and turns to face the camera, holding a gold card to 
face the screen)  Courtesy of...Anime Express!  Accepted in more that 15 
dojo's, casinos, space stations, and apocolyptic nightmares worldwide!  
(Turns back to Kei)  Now stop complaining and lets go!

Kei (a little startled):  Um...hai.  (Muttering under her breath as they 
leave)  A fine day when the Lovely Angels need sponsorship...

As they Dirt <WHACK> (ow!) er...Lovely Angels rush out the alley, they reveal 
an elderly figure sitting at a card table, with a picture of a palm hanging 
from it.  With a sigh, the old man slumps down a bit, resting his head on his 
hand.

Scene:  The Hino family Temple.  A young girl with long, straight black hair 
is sitting before a flaming altar, meditating.  A loud CRASH suddenly comes 
from outside the door.  The young girl sighs, and picks herself up 
gracefully.  Slowly, her face radiating calm and peace, she steps to the 
door, which she slowly, and almost soundlessly, slides open.

Girl: USAGI-------!!!!!  WHAT ARE YOU DOING UP HERE?!!!!   YOU'VE 
INTERRUPTED MY MEDITATIONS!!!!!

Usagi (picking herself up): EEEEE-------?!?!?  WHAT DO YOU MEAN WHAT AM I 
DOING HERE?!?!  WE AGREED TO MEET HERE TODAY, REMEMBER?!?!?

While Usagi and the black-haired girl (Rei) argue, the rest of the group 
stands around looking extremely bored.  Obviously they've heard all this 
before.  Almost unnoticed a pair of cats slip away from underfoot.  One cat 
is white, the other black; they both have a cresent moon mark on their 
foreheads.  The black cat sighs.

Black Cat: Artemis, you don't know how lucky you were to have only had Minako 
to deal with for so long.

The white cat (Artemis) lays a paw on the black cat consolingly.

Artemis: Don't take it so hard, Luna.  You did good, considering what you had 
to work with.  So put your chin up, dear, straighten your back, put out your 
chest, get out there, and win one for the Gipper!

A big bead os sweat runs down Luna's face.

Luna: E....hai.

Artemis (unruffled):  Good!  Now...what did you make of those two new girls 
at the arcade today?

Luna:  They were definitely suspicious.  I detected some strange energy from 
them.  But...

Artemis:  But what?

Luna:  Well, every time I've sensed some strange energy that I wasn't 
familiar with, they've turned out to be senshi.  You don't think these 
two...?

Artemis:  Hmm.  What's the suffix to this series?

Luna reaches offscreen, and pulls the final scene from the opening animation 
onscreen behind them.  It's a flashy looking scene, with Usagi and Kei 
standing back to back in the center of the screen, each giving the 'V' 
salute.  Scattered throughout the background, in various expressions of 
annoyance, are SD versions of the othe Senshi, Naru, Yuri, Mughi, a strange 
apparition wearing a cross between a cabbage and camoflague, a short figure 
with stuble, wearing a yukata, and a little red fish-like thing wearing a 
blue space suit.  Written below, in what looks like steel ribbons, is the 
title, "Dirty Moon."

Luna:  Hmmm...no letter.

Artemis:  And we've already got five senshi...I think these ARE youma, for a 
change.

Luna (nods):  Allright then.  For now we just make sure Usagi and the others 
are safe.

From offscreen comes another loud CRASH, followed shortly by the sounds of 
Usagi wailing.  Luna get a very pained expression on her face....  As Artemis 
comforts Luna, the camera pans to a tree, where Yuri and Kei are sitting.  
Both are wearing a set of obviously insanely expensive listening equipment.  
Yuri removes hers, and looks at Kei with an expression of shock on her face.

Yuri:  The...cats...talked....  (Shakes her head to clear it.)  Just when I 
thought things couldn't get weirder...anyways, Kei, did you hear what the 
girls were saying?   They've got a sleepover at Tsukino's house planned for 
tonight!  We'll be able to nab them all, one stroke, no mess!  Of course that 
Hino girl is going too...hmm.  Guess it can't be helped.  So, lets go!

Yuri moves as if to jump from the tree.  Kei makes no move to stop her, just 
continues sitting there, eyes closed, a suspicious smile on her face.

Yuri:  Kei!  I said, let's go!

Kei doesn't move.  Yuri looks at her more closely.  She spies a suspicious 
looking wire leading from one of the earphones.  She follows the wire down 
Kei's body to...her utility belt, where it disappears into a pouch.  
Expertly, so as not to disturb Kei, Yuri opens the pouch, and slides out...a 
Discman.  Yuri opens her mouth as if to scream...then smiles...

The camera pans away for a few moments.  As it moves, it suddenly fixes on a 
Dark Shadowy Figure in the bushes.

DSF (in a low and evil sounding voice):  Huh-huh-huh....

The camera pans back to Kei and Yuri.  Kei hasn't moved, but the cord leading 
from her headphone to her Discman has changed somewhat...it's now attached to 
a small Black Box.  The camera zooms in on the black box to read:

Black Box:  Stony PCXTAT50005 Hyper-Amp!
	    Sonic Death!!!  Boost that sonar!!!
	    (real small writing) patent 38672746828 S.Stingray 2034

Yuri smiles, and presses a button on the box.  An amber light flashes on.  
She turns a dial on the Discman...Kei doesn't move.  Finally, Yuri flicks a 
small switch on the Amp.  Two things happen at once.  First, Kei's head 
appears to implode.  Second, a single note of noise can be heard, then a 
feedback whine, and the hiss that signals the loss of a large amount of 
really expensive recording equipment.  Mercifully, the camera fades to black 
before Kei recovers...

When the scene opens again, it's onto a dusty, barren room.  The walls are 
cracked; a single bare bulb lights the room.  Long rows of wooden benches 
line the floor.  The benches are filled with young boys, each wearing school 
uniforms, with bad haircuts and thick swirly glasses.  A battered podium 
stands at the head of the room.  As the camera fixes on the podium, another 
young man steps up to the podium.  As one, all those seated stand, raise 
their right hands in the air, and...

Group: HAIL ANIME!  HAIL UNIX!  HAIL UMINO!

The leader returns the salute, and waves them seated.  As one, they all do 
so.

Leader (Umino):  Thank you, brothers!  Before we call this Emergency Meeting 
of the Jyuban League of the Anime Cybertroopers to order, I would like to ask 
Brother Amano to call the roll.  Brother Amano!

A figure rises from the masses.  He looks identical to Umino.

Amano: Hai!  Aaano!

Umino:  There's a problem, Brother Amano?

Amano (looking puzzled):  First Brother Umino?

Umino (looking puzzled himself):  Ah...carry on then.

Amano:  Er...hai.  Aaano!

Umino (looking steamed):  WHAT is the problem?  (Notices a figure who has 
risen in the background)  WHAT?!

Figure (meekly):  I think I'm the problem...Brother Aaano.

Amano gives Umino a strange look.  Umino collapses to his seat.

Umino (weakly):  Continue...

The calling of the role drones on for a few minutes.  When its done, Umino 
stands again.

Umino:  Brothers!  It is time I told you the reason for this meeting!  (A 
screen slides down behind him).  The reason...is THIS!

He points dramatically, as a picture of Kei and Yuri flashes onto the screen 
for about .5 seconds, then flashes out again.

Umino (big sweat drop):  Ah....

The camera pans back to the slide projector, which is smoking slightly.

Umino:  Er...right!  Nevermind that!  I'm sure you all saw who that was, 
correct?

The mob nods as one.

Umino:  And I'm sure I don't have to tell you what THAT means, right?

The mod nods as one.

Umino:  Excellent!  Then it is our time to strike!  Where is our spy?

A figure stands from the back.  Although looking mostly like the others, this 
one is noticeably taller and rounder than the others.

Figure:  Brother Alano reporting!  I was able to determine our targets next 
location!

The mob nods as one.

Umino:  You don't have to nod now!  And where is that location, Brother 
Alano!

The mod Nods as One.

Alano:  The location is...

With a tremendous KABLOUIE!!! Alano explodes.

Umino BIG sweat drops.

Amano:  Brother Umino!  I have the location!

Umino:  Excellent!  What is it?

Amano:  The Tsukino residence.

At those words, everyone in the room looks up.

Group:  USAGI-CHAN'S HOME!!!!!!

Withing 2 seconds, Umino and Amano are left alone in the room.

Umino:  Right.  USGAI-CHAN!!!!!!

Umino and Amano disappear in a puff of smoke.

The BGM fades out...

The new scene...Usagi's bedroom.  Usagi, Rei, Ami, Makoto, Minako, and Naru 
are scattered around the room, in their pajama's.  Luna and Artemis are 
there too, staring at Usagi's large collection of stuffed animals.

Luna (very quietly):  Those things give me the creeps...

Artemis (quietly back):  No kidding.  Is that lion new?

Artemis points to a small stuffed lion, with a brown frill-like mane.

Luna (giving it a closer look):  Now that I look at it...must be.  (Shrugs)  
Ugly too.

Both cats turn away at the sound of a particularly large CRASH from the 
direction of the girls.  As they do so, the lion sticks its tongue out at 
them...then the entire pile explodes outwards, revealing four long, lovely 
legs.

All 6 girls:  Wha...wha...wha...

Kei:  We're from the Worlds Work Welfare Association.  I'm Kei, she's Yuri.

Yuri:  We're the Lovely Angels.  And we're here to terminate you.

All 6 girls:  WHAT?!?!?!?

Kei and Yuri raise their guns, Naru faints, and Usagi begins to cry.  Close 
up of Kei and Yuri's fingers tightening, and then...

With a flash, a rose embedds itself in the carpet in front of Kei and Yuri.  
Familiar, semi-spanish sounding BGM begins to play.

Tuxedo Kamen (who else):  I'm sure you two lovely ladies can find something 
better to waste your energy on.  And...take heart, Sailor Moon!  (He leaps 
out the window)  Ha-hahahahaha...!  HAH-HAHAHAH(sickening thud)
IIIEEEIIEEEOOOOWWOWOWOWOW!!!

Kei and Yuri look after him, eyes starry.

Kei and Yuri:  Handsome....

Usagi & Co:  TUXEDO KAMEN!!!

Luna leaps forwards, a determined look on her face.

Luna: Hayaku! Sailor Moon!

Usagi:  Un!  MOON PRISM POWER...MAKE UP!!!

For the next minute and a half, the girls transform...

Kei (yawning):  Are you QUITE finished yet?

Sailor Moon:  E...hai...

Yuri:  Thank you.  Now...So!  The senshi reveal themselves!  Well, this is 
where it ends!

Sailor Moon:  I'll end this in one shot...MOON TIARA...ACTION!!!

27 seconds later...

The tiara flys past Yuri who ducks to the right, turns around, and flies past 
Kei, who ducks left.  Both look quite surprised.

Kei:  What the hell...

Sailor Moon:  WAAAAH!!!!  Now what?!

Mercury, Mars, Jupiter, and Venus all look at each other.

Those 4:  IKUZO!

Sailor Venus (Pulling out a cresent-shaped compact and opening it):  
CRESENT...BEAM!!!

Blinding rays of light shine from the compact and strike Kei and Yuri in the 
eyes.

Kei:  Wh...what?

Sailor Venus (smirks):  You didn't do your homework!  I'm also...(a mere 23 
seconds of silly posing)  Code Name Sailor V!

Yuri:  C...Curse you...

Sailor Venus:  Get them!

Sailor Mars:  SOUL...FIRE!!!

Sailor Jupiter:  SUPREME...THUNDER!!!

Sailor Mercury:  SHABON...SPRAY!!!

Kei and Yuri get a royal pasting as they're alternately fried, zapped, and 
deep-froze.  When the dust settles, Kei and Yuri are lying in rubble, eyes 
swirling.

The 4 senshi:  Yatta!

Moon:Arigato, minna-san!

Artemis:  Don't be too hasty, look!

The 5 look to where Kei and Yuri are slowly getting up...

Yuri:  Okay...NOW you've made us REALLY angry!

Kei (pulling an absurdly large gun from nowhere at all):  NOW you're gonna 
get it...

The screen starts shaking for no readily apparent reason.

Yuri and Usagi:  Wha...?

KABLOUIE!!!

When the dust settles this time, its now outdoors.  Kei and Yuri are again 
swirly eyed on a pile of rubble, while the senshi are being surrounded by a 
mob of young boys with bad haircuts and thick glasses.

Mob:  Sailor Moon!!!  We love you!!

Sailor Moon:  Eee!  Get away!

Sailor Jupiter peers out over the horde, and looks at...

Sailor Jupiter:  Sailor Moon!  Watch out!  They're still coming!!

All other senshi:  WHAT?

Kei and Yuri are now standing in a path through the boys.  Both look rather 
grimed.

Yuri:  This show is ALSO sponsored by Timex.  Need I say more?

All the boys, all the senshi, and Kei big-sweat drop.

Kei:  And now...DIE!!

Yuri and Kei open fire into the crowd.  Within seconds, most of the boys, two 
cats, a tree, and Tuxedo Kamen (who had just craweled around the side of the 
house) are dead.  Four of the senshi are dead too.  (Three guesses who 
survived, and the first two don't count.  Hell, since she has the next line 
anyways, none of them count.)

Sailor Moon (Surprise!!):  Ami...Rei...Minako...Makoto...Tuxedo Kamen...
Mama...Papa...the flower shop girl...that dirty old man I passed on the 
street two days ago...WHY DID YOU ALL HAVE TO DIE!?!?!

Suddenly, the sky parts, and in looks a 40ish man, wearing a conservative 
grey business suit.  As he leans on the dimensional rift, a card falls from 
its pocket.  The camera freezes breifly on it, the writing, "Yume - For all 
you Hopefull needs and Dreams.  (07) 4828-3826" can be seen.  Then camera 
then pans back to Yume's face.

Yume:  Take heart, my child...they'll all return.

Moon:  What?  Do you really mean it?  Are you sure?

Yume (chuckling softly):  Of course I'm sure, my child.  And now...why don't 
you take care of those two?  You can now...I guarentee it.

Sailor Moon (nodding a little more firmly):  Hai!  

Usagi turns back to Kei and Yuri, who are now blasting away at a small black 
pig with a yellow-and-black headband.  She takes a breath, and...

Sailor Moon:  MOON TIARA...ACTION!!!

The short animation this time...the tiara arcs through the air, and WHANGS 
Kei and Yuri across the back of the head.  Both keel over, but both fire 
their guns into the air at the same time...

Somewheres in deep space...

A small, sleek spacecraft is cruising slowly by.  In the cockpit is siting a 
dark-skinned girl, with blonde hair that sticks out from her head at all 
sorts of impossible angles.  She's busily playing with a small cube when 
suddenly, two streaks cross her bow.

Girl:  Wa!  What was that?  It must have been...must have been...must have 
been...some sort of signal!  I, Officer First Class Mihoshi will obey!

Mihoshi snaps to attention, unfortunately forgetting about the coffee in her 
lap.

Mihoshi:  ITE!!!

Mihoshi blunders about the cockpit for a few minutes, knocking about some 
cups, a few books, a ticket pad, a complete deck of Arabian Nights, the 
usual.  One of these strikes a control arm, and sends the craft turning...
right into a rather large comet.  The craft explodes out the other side, and 
the camera lingers on the 14 large fragments making their way to a large 
planet with a prominent red spot...then, comes the echoing cry...

Mihoshi:  WAAA!!!!!

The scene returns to earth, where Usagi is wearing the tiara again, looking 
at Kei and Yuri, who are out cold this time.  Suddenly, with a slow fade 
effect, they...disappear!

Sailor Moon:  Wha...?

Yume (leaning with his elbows on the diensional rift.):  Well done, my girl!  
And now, if you excuse me...

Sailor Moon:  Wait!  What about...?

Yume:  Oh yeah...they'll be fine tomorrow.  (He makes a waving gesture, and 
the bodies all disappear)  Then, jya ne, Usagi-chan!

Yume turns to leave.  As he does so, a young man, with a soft brown ponytail 
and glasses appears behind him.  He looks at Yume with a rather pained 
expression on his face.

Young man:  Pop, I really wish you wouldn't...

Yume:  Quiet, my boy.

Young man:  But why?  (Rift closes)

As the rift closes though, you think you hear the single word drift over the 
horizon, a little word, but one with immense importance and power, a word 
that men and women spend their whole lives working towards.

Yume's voice:...ratings...

Sailor Moon looks at Luna, who looks back.  Suddenly, they both break into a 
grin, and run towards the camera, and it freezes as their faces fill the 
screen.

Cracks appear, and chunks of the screen fall away.  As the last piece falls, 
the ED theme, "Strike by Moonlight" plays over the credits.  When the credit 
roll completes, a final scene appears.  It's a picture.  In it, Kei and Yuri, 
heavily bandaged face the camera sullenly.  To one side stands Tuxedo Kamen, 
leg and arm both visible in casts.  Sailors Mars, Mercury, Jupiter, and Venus 
face the camera, faces dull, eyes pupiless, skin grey, suits tattered, 
holding their arms out like zombies.  Umino and Amano, looking singed, 
glasses taped together, are staring at the senshi.  At the front of the 
picture is Sailor Moon, with Luna on one side, Artemis the other, giving the 
V-salute.  And, just at the very back edge of the picture, you can just make 
out a face of a young man, with a close-cropped haircut and glasses, giving 
you a small, knowing smile.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
ALL comments, questions, criticisms, etc. are welcome, and PLEASE, email them 
to me!  One exception...all flames will be read, laughed at, and disposed of,
never to be given a second thought.  Also, all request for previous stories
I've written should be sent to cs94324@cs.ualberta.ca, where I keep my 
mailing archives.

And thus ends Dirty Moon, an attempt to break away from both my Lemon series,
and the rather overuse of Ranma amoung fanfic authors.  Don't get me wrong,
there are some FANTASTIC Ranma fanfics out there, but...I'd say at least 2/3
of the fanfics released in the last year have been Ranma fanfics.  <shrug>
And this is one of the weirdest crossovers I could think of so...

To those who don't like the way I've treated the characters, well, sorry.  My
Sailor Moon and Dirty Pair experience has been limited to watching mostly
untranslated copies and Sailor V manga.  Therefore, some things might not 
seem quite right.  Oh well.  Sorry, but, I'm not gonna wait until I can see
all 120+ Sailor Moon episodes to get everything right.

My usual thanks go out...to Kahm, Tsubasa, Bailesu, Ame, Iczer-III, Boomer,
and everyone else on AnimeMUCK, for giving me some of of this insanity.  To
everyone who's written to say they like my work so far...thanks for the 
support.

And believe in the Miracle Romance.
