			Fallen From Grace

As dawn arose on the Masaki shrine, the normal sounds of the day starting
could be heard. Birds singing, insects buzzing, Ryoko and Ayeka fighting, you
know a normal day. Tenchi was hiding in his closet from the war that was going
on outside his room. “Lord Tenchi is trying to sleep,” Ayeka screamed and then
threw a lightning bolt. “I don’t give a damn!!!” screamed Ryoko in response and
threw her own lightning bolt. The bolts absorbed each other and then changed
direction going through the wall and into Tenchi. He (of course) was just a tad
bit fried. Just as he was getting up to kick a little bit of ass he stopped. There was
a knock at the door. Ryoko and Ayeka both yelled “I’ll get it,” and ran down
the stairs. But as usual Sasami beat them to it. There was two men standing
there. One of them looked about 6’5 and the other looked to be about 5 feet
even. The taller of the two was a big muscular ogre of a man. The other man
looked roughly like a pig. They both looked(and smelled) like they had lived in
the sewers for a while. “Greetings all!” said the small one. “My name is Mr.
Croup and my associate’s name is Mr. Vandemar and we are looking for a
fellow named Tenchi Masaki. Does he live here?” “What do you want,” growled
Ryoko instantly distrusting the pair. “Nothing devious I assure you we just need to
speak to him,” said Croup. But just as he was saying this Tenchi came down the
stairs saying, “Who was at the door?” Mr. Vandemar rushed into the house past
a startled Ayeka and Ryoko and went for Tenchi. Sasami tried to get in his way
but in one fluid motion he grabbed her by the head and threw her through a
wall. He grabbed Tenchi by the throat and jumped down the stairs and headed
for the door. By this time Ryoko had came to her senses and had her light sword
ready. She leaped at him ready to strike. He stopped short, grabbed her sword
arm and pulled. It came free with a sickening tearing sound and he stuck it in
his mouth. Ryoko screamed and fell to the ground. Ayeka called for Azaka and
Kamadake and they appeared. “Destroy him and save Tenchi,” she yelled.
They both moved in to kill Mr. Vandemar. He threw Tenchi down and swung at
Azaka. He connected with such a force he broke through the front of Azaka’s
outer casing and through to the other side. Before Kamadake could react
Vandemar had done the same thing to him. Azaka and Kamadake exploded
throwing blood and bile everywhere. Ayeka fainted and Mr. Vandemar kicked
her in the chest throwing her against the stairs as he picked up Tenchi and
walked out. He said,”Is this him,” showing him Tenchi. Croup said, “Yep its him.”
Ryoko had gotten up and the last thing she saw was them walking into the mist.
She then passed out.                                                         	                                                                                                                                                                               
              	When Ryoko woke up she noticed she was Washu’s lab. She was
lying on a table with something covering her arm. But then she rembered what
happened. She sat up and looked around wincing at the pain in her nub that
used to be her right arm. Sasami was lying on a table across from her and Ryoko
walked over. Sasami looked terrible, her nose was broken, her hair was red with
her own blood. You could barely tell it was Sasami. “Those sons of bitches that
did that to you are going to pay,” she said, tears going down her face. She
looked over and saw Sasami’s life readings on Washu’s master computer which
dominated a large wall of the lab. It didn’t look good for her. “Ah it seems that
you have woken up.” Ryoko turned around and saw that it was Washu. Ryoko
rushed over and grabbed Washu by her shirt and said,”Where the Hell were you
when this happened?” Washu replied, “Well I was conducting an experiment in
one of my subspace labs. I was trying to create another Ryo-Oki but it didn’t
work. When I came back I saw you with your arm ripped off, Ayeka passed out
on the ground, a hole in the wall, and no Tenchi or Sasami. I took care of you
and Ayeka then I went to look for Tenchi and Sasami.” Ryoko by then had let go
of Washu and was sitting next to Sasami who was having trouble breathing.
“When I found Sasami she was laying in a pile of rubble in the kitchen. She had
lost a lot of blood and she was barely breathing. She was saying something. I
couldn’t catch any of it except ‘You can’t take him’. I’m guessing that she was
talking about Tenchi. I didnt find him but from the looks of things I can guess
why.” “Where is Ayeka,” Ryoko asked. “Well she still hasn’t woken up. But for
now I put her on a table in the other room, because if she woke up and saw
Sasami before anyone had a chance to talk to her it would probably kill her,”
said Washu. Just then a shrill alarm went off and startled them. Sasami’s life
force was leaving(in other words she was dying). Washu’s transparent computer
appeared before her and she immediately started to crunch numbers. Several
Medic Robots appeared and started to try and revive her. Ryoko just stood
there not knowing what to do. One of the robots ushered her into the other
room with Ayeka. She waited for what seemed an eternity when Washu came
in. She was looking at the floor and Ryoko knew what happened. “She didn’t
make it did she?” she asked. Washu looked up a tear going down her face,
”No,” she said. Ryoko cried out and punched the wall. It caved in. She had
loved the kid like a sister and they killed her. She looked at Washu who was
crying now. She now really looked like a 12 year old kid. She then asked her,
”Who did this?” “The bastards said their names were Mr. Croup and Mr.
Vandemar.” When Washu heard their names she was filled with a sense of
dread. “ Shit,” she said, “ Not them.” “They are the greatest assassins in the
known universe. Someone must of really wanted Tenchi.” “Fuck,” replied Ryoko.             
	                                                                                                                                 
	Ayeka woke up a few hours later. She had sustained 4 broken ribs and a
crushed vertebrate confining her to a wheelchair. Fortunately since Washu was
a genius she had a fully automated chair. When Ryoko told her about Sasami
she didn’t believe her. Even when Washu told her she called her a liar. Finally
they had to the thing they wanted to avoid, show her Sasami’s body. When she
saw it she broke down. Ryoko had to calm her down and Washu found that she
a a lot more respect for her than she used to. Ayeka was suprised on who was
comforting her but she guessed her competion with her over Tenchi made
them closer than they realized. Ryoko was suprised she had a human side to her
rough exterior. But that was 6 hrs ago. Now they were using Washu’s computer
to track Tenchi’s energy signature to see if they could locate him. So far they
were having no luck. Washu was pissed. “Damn it! This piece of shit says that
he’s no where on or off the earth.” Ayeka thought for a minute. “ Who say’s he
has to be on the earth? Why can’t he be in it?” Washu then set her sensors to
aim into the earth and was pleasantly suprised. There it was, Tenchi’s Energy
Signature. It said that he was under the streets of London. Washu was pleased
with herself now all they had to do was get to London to fight Croup and
Vandemar. And to do that they were going to need all the help they could get.
Washu used her subspace communicator and called Kyone and Mihoshi who
were on patrol near Saturn. She told them what happened and that they
needed their help. They said that they would be on their way. She called Yosho 
who was in Tokyo when this all happened and told him what happened and he
said he would meet them there. Now all they had to do was wait for Kyone and
Mihoshi and find Ryo-Oki. They found her laying down on Sasami’s chest crying.
When they tried to move her she started hissing and clawing at them so they
left her alone. Ayeka was looking out a window into the spinning abyss of
subspace. She was thinking about what she could of done differently to have
saved Sasami. But she knew is was pointless but that was all she could think
about. She felt something jump into her lap. It was Ryo-Oki. “You have to help
us get those bastards who killed Sasami. Please I know you loved her too.”
Ryo-Oki layed down and let loose with a soft meow. Somehow Ayeka took that
as a yes. Ryoko was getting ready to do battle with the two assassins by training
in the war room Washu had made for her. She had a cybernetic arm where she
had lost the other one. The room was flooded with robots and she destroyed all
of them with efficiency. She could tell that she was weaker because when her
arm was ripped off so was one of her power gems. But that one little detail
wasn’t going to stop her from ripping off Vandemar’s arm and making him tear
out his own heart. She was going to make them pay for taking her arm and
Tenchi. But she was going to make them pay in spades for Sasami.                                    
	                                                                                                                            
	When Tenchi awoke he was strapped to an overhead beam in what
looked like a large basement. He started to struggle when he heard voices in
the far corner of the basement. He stopped and listened. It was Mr. Croup and
Mr. Vandemar. They were both sitting at a card table playing rummy and
smoking cigars. “I wonder why Islington wanted this little man so badly for,” said
Vandemar while he was chewing on something. Tenchi noticed that it was
Ryoko’s arm. He could tell because he saw the jem on the wrist. “I don’t know,”
said Croup, “but whatever it is it doesn’t matter. We did what we got paid to do
and that is the only thing that matters.” They heard a ring and Croup got up
and went to the phone. He spoke for a few minutes and came back to the
table. “He’s on his way,” he said. Vandemar nodded and got up and went over
to where Tenchi was tied up and got him down. Tenchi had seen he was
coming and acted like he was still unconscious. Vandemar took him to a room
that looked like a shrine. In the middle of the far wall a great statue of a golden
angel was coming out of the wall. A door opened in the middle of the statue
and Islington came out. He was magnificent. A light seemed to radiate from
him. His wings were spread out behind him in a wondrous display. He was an
angel! He floated down and took Tenchi’s face in his hands and said,” Come
now you can’t pull that unconscious trick with me. Open your eyes.” Tenchi
knowing it was useless to pretend anymore opened his eyes and looked at him.
“Well now it seems that my underlings didn’t damage you too much. Yes you
will provide everything I need.” “What do you want with me,” Tenchi asked. “ It
is quite simple really I want your life. Your life energy is what I mean. You see I
am what most people call a fallen angel, one who has fallen out of grace with
God. Why, you ask? I tried to take the kingdom of heaven over that’s why. I
fought the most powerful being in creation for control of heaven and I lost. Now
what I need from you is the power you summon when you get the “Wings of
Jirai”. Because with that I will get the power to get back to heaven and defeat
God and rule supreme!” “Your mad,” said Tenchi. And with that he spat in the
angel’s face. Islington reached up and dabbed at the spit. Then laughing he
placed his hand out in front of Tenchi’s face. A force flew from the hand and
threw Tenchi across the shrine into the stone wall. Normally Tenchi would of
been knocked out but the angel was keeping him awake so he could feel the
pain. He tried not to cry out just to spite the angel. Then the angel added more
force and Tenchi did scream. He screamed and screamed and screamed.
Finally and thankfully Tenchi passed out taking more pain than any human had
ever dreamed of withstanding. Islington said, “ Insolent little worm. Vandemar
take him into my lair please.” “Uh, sure boss,” said Vandemar. He had never
seen the angel use his power before and it scared him, “ Whatever you say.”                                                                                                                                                                                  
											
	Ryoko, Washu, and Ayeka were aboard Ryo-Oki and on their way to
London when Ryoko asked Washu about the pair of assassins. “They are the
people you pass everyday on the street without knowing,” she said, “ Your eyes
pass over them and you ignore what you see. They were homeless so long that
all the people that ignored them began not to see them at all. They became
invisible to normal everyday people. They found that there was a whole other
civilization where people like them who had fallen through the cracks of society
lived. They then became assassins for hire and they built up quite a reputation
as they killed hundreds of people just for fun. They are now the most feared
people in the underground.” Just as she was finishing her story they came to
London. They found a place to land in the outskirts of the city. And they waited
for Kyone and Mihoshi to get there. It was about 1 am when they arrived and
then they headed for the city. Washu had taken out her portable tracker and
was scanning the area. She got a lock on his energy and followed it. They came
to a sewer and the signal got stronger so they went in. Immediately they were
surrounded by a dark mist. It started to form into creatures that looked liked
giant roaches. Washu and Kyone had pulled out a blaster, Ryoko had her light
sword, Ayeka had her energy field, Mihoshi on the other hand was backing up
away from the battle. Washu and Kyone were spraying the area with energy
beams destroying a lot of roaches. Ryoko was killing two of them at a time with
each swing of her sword. Ayeka was frying five of them with her energy field.
One of the roaches came at Mihoshi causing her to turn and flee. She didn’t
watch where she was going and she ran into the clutches of one of the
roaches. It slit her throat easily enough and threw her into the middle of the
fight. When Kyone saw this she got very pissed. She took out a little remote
device and pressed a few buttons. She told everyone to run and a large metal
box appeared in front of her. Washu saw what Kyone was planning on doing
and got everyone out of the room. Five hundred roaches closed in on Kyone.
She flipped open a panel on the box hit three switches and put her finger on
the last one. “Fuck you,” she said and pressed the switch. Washu, Ryoko and
Ayeka were all thrown by the blast. Kyone had triggered a sub-particle bomb
killing herself and every roach within a two hundred foot radius. She had
sacfriced her self so that they could go on. They ran down the pathway toward
Tenchi’s energy signature. They were getting closer and closer until they got to
an opening. It was Vandemar and Croup’s living quarters. They went in and as
soon as they were all in there a steel wall fell behind them and in front of them.
They were trapped. “Greetings again,” said Croup, “I see that you have a new
friend with you that I haven’t met.” He jumped down from his hiding place. “But
we’ll get to know each other very soon.” “We’re Fucked,” said Washu.                 
												
	When Croup hit the floor Ryoko was ready. She threw a bolt of energy
that just grazed his head. He now had a gash on his right temple. “Ok ladies you
want it rough huh? Well you have it.” With a flick of his wrist he had a thin
rectangular object in his hand. He pressed a button and three thin wires flew
out. Each one wrapped around Ayeka, Ryoko, and Washu’s neck. He then
pressed another button and about 1,000 volts of electricity went through the
wire and into them. Croup laughed and turned up the voltage. He was about
to kill them when he felt something enter his back and come out his chest. He
coughed up blood and looked down. It was a wooden sword. Yosho had
broken through the ceiling and stabbed Croup. He pulled the sword out of
Croup and then cut off his head. Washu said, “Man it took you long enough.”
Yosho replied,” A wise man once said: Life’s a Bitch. Now lets go.” They pushed
the steel door out of the way and went into the shrine. On the left wall of the
shrine they saw the body of Vandemar minus a head. “Who the hell did that,”
Inquired Washu. Then she got her answer. Islington came out of the statue and
floated down to stand before everyone. “I’m guessing you are looking for a
friend of yours. Am I correct?” he said. “What have you done with Lord Tenchi,’
screamed Ayeka. “Well he’s right here,” Islington said gesturing towards the
wall. It swung around and revealed Tenchi. He was crucified on a cross of
marble. All his life energy was leaving his body and going into a sphere in
Islington’s hand. Ryoko rushed him sword a blazing. But he just put his hand out
and erased her entire existence. Ayeka pressed a flipped a few switches on her
chair and about 200 missiles flew out and at Islington. He just deflected all the
missiles back at her liquidating her. Yosho brought out Tenchi(the sword not the
human) and leaped at the angel. Islington caught the blade in the air and
shattered it. He then reached over and ripped Yosho’s heart and threw him
across the room. Washu started toward him but she found that she was stuck to
the floor. Meanwhile the sphere had sucked all of Tenchi’s energy out of him,
leaving him a dry mummified corpse. Islington then absorbed the life force into
him. He began to laugh. He said to Washu,” I have kept you alive to tell
everyone on earth the Armageddon is coming sooner than expected.” He then
spread his wings and shot through the roof. Washu found that she was able to
move again and left. She muttered,” I hope God is what He’s cracked up to be
or we’re screwed.” She then went back to her lab and waited.	        		                                                                                                                                                 
	                               
				The End 
											
	Tenchi and others copyrighted by Pioneer. 
	Croup ,Vandemar, and Islington copyrighted by Neil Gaiman 
	This is a work of fiction any likeness to actual events is purely accidental
	and weird. It is a fan fiction and no profit is expected or intended so 
	please don’t sue.  Tell Me what you think at Goku89@juno.com                                                                                                                                        