
		   Gundams Travel To The Land of Stars


		        Written by Metal Sonic v2.


			        Part Five



	"Goodbye, Little Washu!" Mihoshi shouted across her ship as
she brought out her standard issue Galaxy Police control cube.  After
causing several tools to appear in the air, a steaming cup of coffee
to materialize on the table behind her, and a prepackaged fish that
expired months ago to land on her head with a thud (and a yelp),
Mihoshi finally got it right and teleported to the surface of the
lake - where she promptly fell back in.

	"Aaahhh!"  SPLASH!

	Drops sprayed high into the air as the policewoman broke the
surface of the water in a noisy crash.  Water flew in every
direction, and several ripples raced toward the shore.  Mihoshi
eventually floundered to the surface then swam toward dry land.
Things were not off to a great start.

	"Oh, no.  I'm all wet now!  How am I supposed to strike fear
into the hearts of evildoers if my clothes are dripping water all
around me?" she asked herself while trying to wring some of the lake
water out of her vest.  "I know!  Maybe I put a spare uniform into
storage!"

	Mihoshi pulled out her cube again.  "Hmm...now let's see...was
it here?  No, that's not it.  How about now?  That will come in handy!
Now?...no...now?...no, that's not it at all!...now?...I've been
looking for that!  What about this?  No...no...no...No...NO...! Oh, I
give up!"

	A pile of debris including everything from a box of facial
tissue to a half eaten rice ball to a spare laser gun left over from
the battle with Kagato (drained of energy from the last time it was
used) littered the ground at her feet.

	"I don't think I'll ever figure this thing out!"  Mihoshi put
the cube away again.  "I guess I'd better start looking for those
criminals."  She sighed then continued, "A little water shouldn't
stop a Galaxy Police officer from getting her man!"

	"Now where to start looking?"  She studied the tracking
device strapped to her wrist.  It spun for a few moments to get its
bearing then, finding the signal for which it sought, tilted toward
the forest close to the Masaki residence.  "Let's see...it looks like
I should go this way to find the culprits..."  Mihoshi studied the
device intently as she obliviously walked toward, into, and through
the woods.

	A few minutes passed; Mihoshi stared at her watch the entire
time.  Soon, however, her intense fixation waned and she halted her
march.

	"According to this I should be close to the criminals.
Hmm...a few steps in this direction and-OUCH!"  A metallic echo
resounded through the forest scattering birds into the air.

	"Hey!  Who put this in the way?" she asked herself while
rubbing the sore spot on her head.  Then, as if remembering the cause
of her abrupt stop, Mihoshi slowly gazed up the leg of an enormous,
winged metal suit to discover her obstacle was, in fact, her
destination.

	"I'll bet this belongs to one of the criminals!"  Excitedly
she drew her pistol and called out - heedless of the fact that if the
suit HAD been occupied, she would be a smear on the ground - to it,
"Whoever is in there, you are under arrest for disturbing the peace
and attempting to destroy...uh...(what did Washu say again?)...you're
under arrest!  Come out peacefully, and my report will be favorable!"

	There was no reply from the being that stared down at her.  A
few moments passed.  "Hello?  Is anybody in there?"  Mihoshi
hesitantly lowered her gun.  "I'd better investigate..."

	The wind barely stirred; the winged giant was dry; there were
many crevices suitable for footholds: these were perfect climbing
conditions for an expert.  However, this Mihoshi was not.  After a
long, exhausting struggle up the front of the metal suit (many times
losing her footing and dangling precariously over the ground far
below), Mihoshi somehow reached the cockpit.  Lucky for her it was
open.

	"What do you know?  Nobody was in here!  Boy do I feel silly,"
she said, giggling at her mistake.  "My that chair looks comfortable.
I think I'll just sit here and catch my breath.  If...oh!  Is that a
heater?  Well, a little break won't hurt.  I'll just sit here and dry
my clothes.  I'm sure the owner won't mind."  The owner probably
WOULD have minded, but he was tied up at the moment.

	Her hand reached out and flipped a switch sending pleasantly
heated air into her tiny alcove.  Soon after, the sound of soft
snoring emanated from the mobile suit's large chest.





	Ayeka and her sister Sasami made good progress through the
woods.  They did not know exactly where Tenchi - and more importantly
to Ayeka, Ryoko - was, but what they lacked in knowledge they made up
for in determination.

	It was not long before their thorough search turned up a boy
dressed in black.  He looked to be sleeping in the underbrush, but
this was simple deception.  From habits drilled into him through
necessity, he actually lay there gauging the two as they walked nearer
to his position, yet had any drastic action been required to combat
this possible threat, his broken bones would have put an immediate
stop to any such foolishness.  Before long the young man had made up
his mind on how best to play the situation.

	"Oooohhh...my body hurts all over!  Please help me!  Anybody!"
He moaned for good measure.  Though his body DID hurt, the boy in
black had become so used to pain during his life that he could simply
ignore all but the most extreme.

	The ploy worked, appealing to the gentle innocence of the
pair's younger half.  "Ayeka, we have to help him!" Sasami told her
sister just before she ran over and kneeled next to the boy.  Ayeka
walked over and bowed slightly, hands clasped in front of her.
"Hello, sir.  My name is Ayeka and this is my sister, Sasami.  You
look to be in terrible shape.  What happened to you?"

The boy grimaced as he looked in her direction.  "I was traveling
through this forest in my mobile suit when it came time for lunch.  I
landed, got out, and when I found a nice comfortable spot to sit, I
pulled out my lunch and began to eat.  Not two minutes had passed
when some woman snuck into my mobile suit and stole it!  To make
matters worse, she picked me up and told me that if I didn't give her
all my money...and my lunch and my ID AND the number to my bank
account...she would crush me into a fine powder and throw me into the
wind!  There was nothing I could do!  I gave her everything she asked
for, but that lousy pirate still wasn't happy.  She bragged that she
had stolen more valuable things from three-year-old children, and
that if I can't have the decency - the DECENCY! -"

	The sudden yelling caused him to explode into a fit of
coughing.  A few minutes and several lungfuls of air later, he
continued.  "...to provide good loot for a skillful heist, then I was
a waste of her time.  After that she threw me into the trees, which
did a GREAT job stopping my arc if you don't count all the broken
bones.  I collapsed here unconscious until you two came along.  You
have to help me get my stuff back!  Oooo!  The pain!  The pain!"

	Ayeka looked thoughtful, oblivious to the stranger's "pain".
"What exactly is a mobile suit?"

	This remark caused the boy to pause and make sure he had not
misheard that last question.  "You mean you've never heard of mobile
suits?"  These people must REALLY be isolated out here in these
woods!  he thought to himself.

	"Well, they're giant robots, without artificial intelligence,
that require a human pilot to function.  My traveling companions also
own them.  Last I knew they were in that direction..." The young man
pointed further into the forest.  "Do you think maybe you could tell
them I'm here, or better yet, take me to them?"

	I wonder if his friends were the ones who attacked us at the
house?  Ayeka thought.  No matter.

	"Of course, but tell me, sir, could this woman who attacked
you fly?"

	"Yes."

	"Did her belt have a tail attached to it?"

	"I THINK it did..."

	"And was she wearing a striped dress?"

	"Hmm...ye-" the young man started to say, but Ayeka
unintentionally cut him off.

	"She must have been Ryoko!  Sasami, let's go!"

	Sasami looked up at her sister.  "But we can't just leave
him here!"

	Ayeka did not even hear the girl's plea.  The elder princess
was so incensed by this new bit of "information" that she stomped off
in the direction of the "robbery" with little else on her mind but
the confrontation with the demoness.

	"The nerve of her!  I don't know WHAT Tenchi sees in a
monster like Ryoko!  Once a demon, always a demon!  When I find her
she's going to pay!"

	Sasami ran after the princess.  "Ayeka!  Wait!"  Remembering
the boy she turned around and bowed.  "I'm terribly sorry!  I feel so
bad about leaving you while you're hurt, but I promise I'll be back
as soon as I can!"  And with that she turned around and ran after her
sister, repeating her entreaty for the princess to slow down.

	The boy looked surprised.  He could not figure out what he
had done to drive away his company.  After all, didn't most people
have at least SOME compassion for a wounded stranger?

	"Hey come back!  I can't move, remember...?!"  His voice
trailed off.  "Great.  Well, look on the bright side, Duo: at least
the older one was cute.  Even with that bad sunburn."  He gingerly
let out a long breath.  "Situation averted..."  The boy slowly put
his hands behind his head and fell asleep.





	It did not take long for the sisters to find Ryoko busily
attending to Tenchi's arm.  "THERE you are you monster!  I was
wondering when I would run into you!" Ayeka declared as she stepped
forward, hands on her hips.

	Ryoko looked up, surprised.  "Who, me?" she said as she
pointed to herself for emphasis.

	"Yes, you, you...you...filthy MONSTER!  And how dare you
touch Lord Tenchi without his permission!"

	"Hey hey hey!  What are you talking about LITTLE princess?!"

	"I'm sure you know perfectly well what I'm talking about!
You stole that poor stranger's possessions then threw him into the
trees, leaving him for dead.  Don't pretend to be innocent!  Oh!  And
what's this?!  It looks like you broke Tenchi's arm while doing it!"

	Tenchi, now awake after having passed out during the fight
with the stranger in question, raised his good arm and began to speak.
"Excuse me, Miss Ayeka, but I think you've misunderstood the whole
situation.  That stranger was actually the...one...who...eh.  What's
the use?"  Neither woman paid attention to Tenchi; then again he had
not really expected them to until the imminent brawl was over.  He
had lived with them long enough to know better.

	Ryoko was furious.  "Oh, -I- broke Tenchi's arm?!  Try saying
that again...A LITTLE CLOSER!  And did I mention...?"

	"Mention what, you dirty pirate?"

	"...that you have a lovely sunburn?  That color really makes
your WRINKLES stand out!  Hmm?  And what's this?  Is that your skin
that's peeling?"  Ryoko leaned closer to inspect Ayeka's burned face.
"I think it is!  I'm sure Tenchi REALLY goes for women with wrinkled,
peeling skin."

	The air around Ayeka seethed with her anger.  "How DARE you
insult a princess of Jurai!  At least I'M not old enough to be
Tenchi's GRANDMOTHER!  Oh?"  It was Ayeka's turn to inspect Ryoko.
"It looks as if Washu was correct when she said your breasts sag.
You even look the part...GRANDMA!"

	Anger radiated from Ryoko in waves.  She clenched and
unclenched her fists.  "SAGGING?!  My breasts DO NOT sag!  At
least...uh-oh!  You'd better watch your blood pressure, princess.
You wouldn't want that vein on your forehead to EXPLODE!  Ha hah ha
ha haa!"

	Ayeka nearly screamed in rage.  She was able to hold it in
(to do less would be unbefitting of a princess), but the raw emotion
made her words resonate with loathing.  "That tears it, Ryoko!
You're going to regret this!  Hoo hoo hoo!"

	"I doubt that, little girl.  What could you POSSIBLY do?
Throw a tantrum?"

	Ayeka's distinct laugh lingered in the air as she faded back
into the woods.  The princess thought to herself, I'll show that Ryoko
just WHO is the superior woman!  Now where did he point?  Ah, yes!

	Ayeka made her way in the direction the boy in black had
pointed out as being the location of his friends' mobile suits.
Soon, she came to a clearing with four towers of metal, an excellent
find for one who needed to emphasize her superiority.

	"Excellent!" Ayeka whispered aloud.  "Now, which one shall it
be...?"  The Juraian princess studies the four shapes, her eyes
coming to rest on a large red one covered in armaments.  A
particularly large chain cannon hung from its left forearm, replacing
the normal robotic arm found on the others.   "Heh heh
heh...perfect..."

	These were prophetic words, indeed.





