
		     Written by Metal Sonic v2.





Disclaimer:

	I do not own the rights to Tenchi Muyo! or the characters
therein; Pioneer LDC and AIC do.  Bandai Entertainment and Sunrise /
SOTSU Agency own the rights to Gundam Wing.  Furthermore, I did not
ask either group of companies for permission to use their characters.
This Tenchi Muyo! fan fiction crossover was written strictly for
entertainment purposes and is not intended for personal gain in any
way, shape, or form.  Now that that's out of the way...

	Like many of the ones I've read here, this is my first fan
fiction story, so in other words my story telling abilities are not
yet perfect.  This fan fiction was a true work in progress: no sooner
would I get to the end than the beginning would start to not look as
good.  I've gone over this thing many, many times to try and form it
into an entertaining read; I hope a few of you out there enjoy it.

	I wrote this as a Gundam crossover because I wanted a
situation where Ayeka and Ryoko fight it out in giant mobile suits
(what better way to settle an argument?)  While I like other Gundam
shows better, Gundam Wing was the only series from the Gundam universe
I had seen when I began work on this story what seems like ages ago.
However, there are few Gundam Wing related elements to the story save
the mobile suits and the small technicality of their pilots -- most of
this is pure, unadulterated Tenchi Muyo! high jinks.  Finally, this
takes place in the Tenchi Muyo! continuum after the events in "Here
Comes Jurai!"

	If you feel like writing to me (comments, suggestions, or
what-have-you), please feel free to send me an email at
now_in_stereo@hotmail.com.  Thank you for pausing on my story, and I
hope you enjoy reading this as much as I enjoyed writing it.






		 Gundams Travel To The Land of Stars



			      Part One



	The season had just changed from summer to autumn, and in the
air was a palpable feeling of transition.  The sun shone warmly from
its perch high in the heavens, while a cool, barely perceptible breeze
blew across the scenic landscape surrounding the Masaki household.  It
was a day that effortlessly produced a sense of utter peace and
relaxation.   The very air, crisp with the change to a new season,
seemed to reassure that nothing could go wrong on a day such as this.

	At the gate leading into the Masaki house, the two Jurai
guardians were at their posts on either side, ready to collect the
mail and greet visitors.  As on most occasions when they had nothing
better to do, the two beings passed the time with idle conversation.

	"It looks like it's shaping up to be another peaceful day,"
commented Azaka to his friend and partner Kamidake.

	"Yes.  It certainly does, Kamidake.  When will something
exciting happen?"

	"I think Kagato, Dr. Clay, and the visit from Jurai's royal
family were enough excitement to last ME for quite some time."

	"I suppose.  But don't you ever get tired of being the
mailbox, Azaka?"

	"You have a point there.  What would you suggest?"  The
guardian waited patiently for a response from its friend.

	"Hmm... would you like to scare the postman again?  That was
quite enjoyable the first time we did so.  I think by now they've had
time to replace the previous one."

	"That sounds great!"

	"Here he comes now.  Face the house!"

	And with that the two guardians of Jurai spun around,
effectively hiding all detail about themselves save the mail
receptacle slots centered on their wooden backs.

	An unsuspecting mail boy (the previous one having been fired
due to "questionable sanity") strolled up the dirt path to the
Masakis' gate, mail in hand.  He stopped, rummaged through his brown
mailbag, and pulled out a fistful of bills as he entertained himself
with whistling.  A segment from a song's chorus had run through his
mind all morning since hearing it on the radio.  While he did not
particularly dislike the song, it was beginning to irritate him that
he could not rid himself of it.

	It was in such a state that the preoccupied postal worker
failed to notice anything suspicious as he casually reached up to
deposit the mail.  His hand hovered ever closer,
centimeter-by-centimeter, then with a slight scraping sound the mail
forced its way into Azaka's storage area.

	"HELLO THERE!" the guardians shouted in unison as they slowly
turned around.  "Thank you for delivering the mail.  Your service is
greatly appreciated.  Have a nice day!"

	Had the boy been an old man he would now be close to a death
caused by heart failure.  As it was the mailman jerked his head up,
terrified at the prospect of a pair of talking logs.  He stared in
shock for a few moments with his mouth slowly opening and closing
while his brain tried to comprehend the fantastic signals streaming
into it.  It was not long before he managed to trip over his feet and
hit the ground behind him.  Letters and dirt gently floated down to
join him in his repose.

	"Get away from me!  I just wanted to deliver the mail!  Please
don't eat me!  Ahhhhhhhh!" the postal worker screamed, expecting
certain death any moment.  He tried to shield himself with his arm but
soon noticed an attack was not forthcoming.  However, not one to take
chances, the mail courier rapidly crawled back on all fours, somehow
regained his feet, and sped off down the path again.  A breeze carried
his barely audible voice back.

	"I'm-m n-n-not crazy!  I'm not cr-crazy!" was all he could
manage to stutter.

	"Ah.  That was fun, Kamidake!  Very satisfying."

	"Indeed it was Azaka.  Though I think if we do that too often,
Tenchi and his family will stop getting any mail."





	Tenchi busily swept the area in front of his grandfather's
shrine office.  A soft wind brushed past him, causing Tenchi to pause
his sweeping for a yawn.  The cool breeze and warm sunlight were very
relaxing after the strenuous sword practice that had occupied the
young man's time all morning.  His grandfather Katsuhito was a
demanding instructor.

	"This is such a nice day.  I wish I could enjoy it instead of
doing chores."  Tenchi paused a moment to yawn a second time.  Well...
a quick break won't hurt anything, he thought to himself.

	He stopped sweeping and leaned against the broom, his eyes
slowly closing against the pleasantly warm sunlight.  The sudden
silence drew more attention than Tenchi thought it would.  His
grandfather leaned back from his work in the shrine office to look out
the door.  Just as he expected, his grandson had ceased his morning
chores.  Tenchi stood idly against the broom as it very helpfully
propped him up.  A small drop of saliva lazily creeped down the side of
the dozing boy's chin.

	Wait for it... Katsuhito thought to himself.  Now!

	The seemingly aged man shouted through the door with as much
volume as possible, "Hey, Tenchi!"

	Tenchi slipped off the broom and fell down to the concrete in
a heap of limbs.  Quickly he got up and began sweeping with renewed
vigor.  Only the sound of hurried broom strokes could be heard.  When
a suitable time had passed, Tenchi looked up as if surprised to see
his grandfather watching him.  Almost automatically the boy's hand
went to the back of his head in embarrassment.

	"Yes, Grandfather?"

	"I have more work for you after you finish sweeping the steps.
Don't take this lightly, Tenchi.  It is all part of your training, you
know."  The grayed man continued to watch Tenchi sweep.  He had to try
very hard to stifle the smile that attempted to invade his stern
countenance.

	"Is something wrong, Grandpa?  You look like you're in pain,"
Tenchi asked.

	"Hmm?  Nothing's wrong."  It was Katsuhito's turn to be
embarrassed.  The older man adjusted his spectacles as a diversion.
"When you finish your chores we need to work more on your sword
technique.  As Kagato and Doctor Clay demonstrated, evil can strike at
any time."

	With the proper respect, Tenchi let his grandfather know that
he was not keen on practicing even more that day.  Working the
vegetable fields took enough time as it was.  "Okay Grandpa.  But do
we have to practice again today?  We already practiced this morning,
you know."

	Katsuhito looked thoughtful.  "Something's not right Tenchi.
Despite the pleasant weather, a bad omen seems to linger in the air."

	"Which egotistical villain wants to bother us today?" Tenchi
murmured to himself.  He sighed.  "Why do they always come to Earth?
It seems like every time some psychopathic criminal wants to blow up a
planet, they come to Earth and I have to deal with them!  I wish
they'd go bother somebody else."  Tenchi sighed a second time.
"Besides, it seems like nothing could wrong on a day like this.  The
sun is shining, the birds are singing... it's so peaceful."

	His grandfather leaned back out of sight to continue the paper
work currently demanding his attention; Tenchi slowed down his
sweeping and gazed at the sky, sleep attempting to conquer him again.





	A cupboard quietly shut in the kitchen as Sasami finished
cleaning the last of the rice bowls from breakfast.  The girl then
took off her apron and went into the living room where she was careful
to make as little sound as possible.  While she had been working
diligently, the rest of the Masakis' permanent guests were sleeping
away the tranquil morning.

	Sasami went to the low reading table and picked up a new
edition of the manga series that had absorbed much of her free time as
of late.  It was one of many Noboyuki had brought home for her as
gifts for all the cooking she did.  Since his wife had died, the
architect had gotten used to plain meals.  His job demanded so much of
his time that he had neither the energy nor the desire to improve upon
his meager culinary skills, so when Sasami arrived at his house, it
was a very pleasant surprise to have a new resident chef.

	Now that Sasami had caught up on her share of the cleaning and
had seen to the "family's" morning meal, she finally had a moment to
enjoy her story: the misadventures of a young girl in love.  Even
though Sasami could watch Ayeka and Ryoko's interaction with Tenchi
for such entertainment, it was far easier (and safer) to opt for a
written version.

	Mihoshi was sprawled on the large couch across the room, fast
asleep.  One arm hung limply over the back of the seat and one of her
legs had fallen on the floor as she happily slumbered.  Every now and
then a few incoherent words formed themselves on her tongue, but they
never seemed to escape.  Evidently a full stomach and a morning full
of her favorite television show (starring a duo of wacky, alien
penguins no less) was enough to exhaust the policewoman.  After nearly
ten minutes of their antics, Mihoshi's viewing spot got a little too
comfortable, and she gradually drifted off to the quiet cadence of her
Galaxy Police watch alarm.

	A short distance away in the open air, Ayeka snoozed in a
foldable lounge chair.  She found the chair just that morning in a
pile of things previously occupying the Masakis' stairway storage
closet.  Though her intention was to find a hairbrush she misplaced a
month ago, the discovery of the chair was a fortunate find for Ayeka.
After the meal she, in a bid to both downplay Ryoko and garner some
favor with Tenchi, had stated that Ryoko was obviously inept at
catching fish (Ryo-Ohki had been sick for a week after Ryoko's last
fishing attmpt.)  Therefore, she felt it was HER duty to supply a
fresh catch for the evening meal.  After all, the princess thought,
how hard could it be?  So she set up the chair, cast her line, and got
comfortable.  However, try as she might, none of the fish were
interested in a hook without bait.

	The contrast of soft sunlight and a pleasantly crisp current
of air coming up off the lake had slowly made her drowsy, and the
motion of her pole's line sluggishly rising and falling with the water
was almost hypnotic.  Eventually, she succumbed to sleep while the sun
beat down on her.  It was not long before the rays baked her skin
red... much to Ryoko's amusement.

	"That's right, little princess.  Get all sunburned.  Then I'll
have Tenchi all to myself!" the demoness chuckled as she glanced out
the house's large windows.  She turned back over on her ceiling rafter
and stared off into space, suddenly becoming bored.  In her mind a
sunburned Ayeka could only be comical for so long... at least while
she was napping.  Ryoko's cabbit breathed softly next to her while she
too slept the morning away.

	Underneath the stairs in her pseudo-space lab, Washu was one
of the few "family" members NOT sleeping.  In fact, she had busily
typed on her computer ever since the conclusion of breakfast.  The
red-haired goddess only had so much time before she would be
interrupted again for lunch, so she worked at her floating keyboard
fast as her fingers would allow.  With all the scientist planned to
accomplish that morning, she could work no slower.

	Washu mentally pored over her schedule.  If I can enter all
this data in before lunch, I should be able to accurately predict the
results of my latest invention: an innovative and improved weapon of
mass destruction I affectionately call... THE GALAXY REDUCER!  Heh
heh... it gives me a thrill just thinking about it!  Let's see... if I
wait until after lunch to finish designing the poly-matrix ion stream
for the targeting mechanism, my analysis of the interior and
construction of a high-class neutrino starburst would be delayed.
Hmm... science is full of so many possibilities!

	After several moments passed, a few more lines of weapon
coding appeared on her monitor.  The scientist just finished adjusting
the ion flow through the A and B conduits when an alarm began to
sound.  A screen materialized in front of her, detailing the reason
why one of the many alarms was now active.

	"Hmmm?  What's this?"  Washu glanced up at the screen and
scanned the information.  In a viewing tank behind her, a monstrous
leviathan of a fish, native to a planet many light-years away, chased
a school of small fish comprising every color of the rainbow.  The
carnivorous fish soon caught up with its prey and began to savor its
lunch as the blood of its hapless victims swirled about it.





	Birds taking up residence in the nearby forest cheerfully
sang, enjoying the nice morning as much as their human neighbors.  But
the peace of the day was abruptly shattered when they stopped singing.
An eerie silence soon covered the forest like a thick blanket, and
only the soft rustle of wind-stirred leaves dared to disrupt it.





