
		   Gundams Travel To The Land of Stars


		        Written by Metal Sonic v2.


			       Part Three



	Ryo-Ohki entered the forest, flying deeper into its wooded
mass with every passing second.  Within the flying cabbit, Tenchi
paced back and forth with his hands clasped behind his back.  He
wracked his brain and tried to think of something... ANYTHING... to
get them out of their situation.  Suddenly, he had an idea.

	"Ryoko, let's land Ryo-Ohki in that grove of trees just up
there," Tenchi suggested to Ryoko as he pointed toward a particular
grove in their flight path.

	Ryoko looked doubtful.  "Are you sure you know what you're
doing?"

	Tenchi wanted to say, No, Ryoko.  This is only a hunch and
there's a very real chance that the thing following after us will
kill us both.

	But this was only his immediate reaction brought about through
the stress of the situation.  The young man relaxed, composed himself,
and instead looked at her with a calm, reassuring expression that lit
up his features.  "Please trust me, Ryoko..."

	Ryoko paused.  If they landed where the boy pointed they would
be destroyed for sure!  But was not Tenchi the one who defeated
Kagato?  And did not Tenchi possess control of the lighthawk wings?
The demoness bit her lip, unsure what to do, but finally nodded.  She
could not hold out against Tenchi for long.  "Okay, Tenchi.  Let's do
this," she quietly answered.

	Ryo-Ohki slowed her head-on dash through the air at the
direction of Ryoko and turned toward the grove in question: a stand of
leafy green trees that towered into the autumn sky.

	Behind them the metal giant had not given up pursuit.  It
rapidly gained ground on its prey now that Ryo-Ohki ceased her flight
in an attempt to land.

	After circling above the trees to find a suitable landing
spot, the cabbit and her crew dropped through the air and landed with
a thud on the leaf-covered floor of the forest.  Tenchi and Ryoko
appeared on the ground, joined moments later by a newly reverted Ryo-Ohki.

	The mobile suit saw exactly what its prey had done from its
position in the sky.  It reached the grove of trees where its enemies
set down and slowed the thrust of its rockets just enough that it
could hover above the spot.  A soft whir came from the machine.  Its
head slowly swiveled as it scanned the shadowy forest floor.

	Tenchi rapidly searched the perimeter of the grove for the
reason they landed.  Spotting the location he turned to Ryoko.

	"Let's get under those bushes over there.  The trees cast a
deep shadow over it, so maybe that thing won't be able to see us."

	Ryoko giggled.  "Oh, Tenchi!  I'll bet it WON'T see us!  You
are quite the bold one!"  She floated over to him and draped an arm
around his neck.

	Tenchi grabbed her arm and removed it.  He felt his face
changing into a bright shade of red at Ryoko's implied suggestion.
"Stop it, Ryoko!  That's NOT what I meant!"

	"You'd rather do it out in the open?"  She began to smile
again.  "Don't you think that's a little bit dangerous with that thing
up there?  But it doesn't matter.  Any place is fine with me!"

	"Noooo!  What I mean is we need to hide ourselves until that
mechanized giant leaves us alone."  By this time Tenchi was scowling.
The blood flow to his face increased even more until it was a deep
shade of vermilion.  He rubbed his head, quite embarrassed at Ryoko's
interpretation of his plan.

	"Oh," was Ryoko's only reply.  "Come on then Ryo-Ohki.  Let's
follow Tenchi."  She was a little disappointed, but in time she felt
the boy would cave in to her advances.  A broad grin split Ryoko's
features.

	"Mea!" was the cabbit's reply.

	Twigs cracked and leaves rustled as the trio crawled into the
underbrush.  Before long, shadows and leaves blurred the group into an
indistinct mass easily mistaken for just another shrub.

	The giant still hovered over the trees as it searched in vain
for the "OZ traitors".  However, it soon became obvious that it did
not detect what it sought.  A voice tinged with a hint of
mechanization issued from the suit.

	"Where did they go?  I was sure I saw them land in this
clearing, but I can't see them anywhere!" The voice began to sigh, but
a sharp intake of breath cut it off.  "What!?  What's this?  It looks
like those are marks from where they landed their ship.  Great.  They
must have fled into the forest.  Well, Deathscythe ol' buddy, this
looks like a great place to have a bit of lunch.  I can always chase
them after I get a bite to eat."

	The voice paused for a moment.

	"Man, chasing these OZ scum gives me quite an appetite!  I
wonder how the other guys are doing?"

	"Deathscythe" gently lowered itself onto the ground and
kneeled.  Tremors danced away from the impact of its massive knee
meeting the ground, almost as if cuing the motors to turn off and a
hatch to open in the mobile suit's chest.  A small cockpit with its
young pilot slowly appeared.  The person stood up while he patted his
solid black clothes (which just happened to match his "friend's" color
scheme) to make sure his lunch had not been forgotten.

	"Wait here, buddy.  I won't be too long," the brown haired boy
reassured his vehicle.  Silence was the only response from the huge
metal human as the rider leaped from his perch on the mechanical
giant's chest to the forest floor below.  Leaves flew up around him at
his hard landing, but the boy, obviously unfazed, brushed himself off
and sauntered toward a very particular bush with just the right
amount of shade.





	Two of the bush's inhabitants quickly formed a plan in hushed
whispers.

	"Tenchi, if you can keep him distracted, I think I can control
that "Deathscythe" of his.  How harmful can he be without that thing?"
Ryoko quietly asked.

	"I have no idea.  But one thing Grandpa taught me is to never
underestimate your enemy.  That sounds like a great idea, but what if
he's a galaxy renowned martial arts champion or can transform into a
three-headed wolf?  I don't know..." Tenchi carefully watched the boy
make his way over to their hiding spot.

	"You could be right, Tenchi, but we are running out of options
very quickly.  You'd better make up your mind..."  Ryoko was tense.

	"Okay, Ryoko... we'll try your idea, but how are you going to
get control of that thing?  You don't have any experience flying
those, do you?"

	"No, but I'll just possess it like I did to the floor in
Kagato's spaceship."

	"Oh, yeah.  I guess I forgot.  How do you do that, Ryoko?"

	"I'll tell you later.  In private..." Ryoko began to smile.

	"Sure.  That would be great," Tenchi said.  Then he did a
double take.  "Uhhh... what do you mean by that?"

	"Oh, you'll find out!" By this time Ryoko could barely contain
herself.

	"That's what I'm afraid of," Tenchi muttered to himself.
"Hey, Ryoko?  He said something about eating lunch.  When he sits
down, we move. Okay?"

	"That's fine with me.  Be careful, Tenchi..." Ryoko looked at
the boy she felt so strongly about, worry replacing the laughter
expressed in her eyes only a moment ago.

	"I'll be okay, Ryoko."





	The black-clad young man stretched his cramped body.  Being
cooped up in the giant's cabin all day was not with without its
drawbacks.  "Man, this is such a great day."  The boy sat down with
his back against a seemingly harmless bush and paused to enjoy the
pleasant morning.  He took a deep breath then pulled a small box
containing his lunch out of his jacket pocket.  The bush moved just as
he opened it.  "Huh?  What was that?"

	Ryoko shot out toward the metal giant, startling the boy into
dropping his lunch onto the grass.  "Great!  Just great!  I'll bet
she's going after my mobile suit!" he said as he attempted to bolt
after her.  Ants trekked into the forgotten meal, helping themselves
to the goodies inside.

	"Hey!  Get away from there!  That's my-" He never finished his
sentence.  Tenchi tripped him and drew the master key in one fluid
motion.  The blue blade slowly extended as Tenchi prepared for battle.

	"I'm going to be fair about this," the swordsman warned the
other boy.  "Stay there and I won't hurt you.  If you try to move,
I'll have to stop you."

	"Whoa!  Hold on there, friend!"  The brown haired boy slowly
stood up with his hands raised in casual submission.  "I wouldn't even
THINK of trying something against a guy who can OBVIOUSLY handle his
laser sword!"

	Tenchi looked doubtful.  "Well, let's just hope so."

	"Of course, your girlfriend IS stealing my property, and I
don't take too kindly to that sort of thing."  Although the pilot did
not know what would get to his captor, he happened to hit it right on
the head.  That last comment neatly burrowed its way under Tenchi's
skin.

	"She's NOT my girlfriend!  Ryoko and I were just together
because we were running away from YOU!  How am I supposed to-"  Tenchi
did not get the chance to finish his sentence.

	The other boy leaped forward and grabbed Tenchi's sword arm,
overcoming him with the bold move.  Instinct controlled Tenchi's
reaction.  He broke the pilot's grip and lunged at him in one fluid
motion, but the other boy was no stranger to physical combat.  The
master key's target sidestepped and punched the wielder in the
stomach, knocking the wind out of Tenchi.  Tenchi staggered back,
raised his sword, and slashed at the boy's midsection.  Once again,
too agile to be caught by the sword blow, the other boy moved aside,
grabbed hold of Tenchi's arm, and gave it a fierce twist.

	Several bones in Tenchi's arm crackled as their limits were
tested.  They failed the test and a loud snap accompanied Tenchi's cry
of fiery pain.  Torrents of what seemed like molten lava washed over
Tenchi.  He weaved from side to side, struggling to remain on his feet
as his sword arm dangled useless by his side.  With his other hand, he
snatched the sword with unexpected speed and threw it at the other
boy in one last attempt to stop his adversary.  The pain pulled Tenchi
to the ground, so he did not see the sword whistle through the air and
cleanly slice through its target... as he ducked.  Clumps of long,
brown hair fell to the ground.

	"That's it!  Now you've made me mad!" the boy in black stated.
"Man!  I was trying to grow that out, too!"  He felt around his scalp
to assess just how bad the damage was to his hair.  Then he remembered
the situation with his mobile suit.  Turning around in annoyance, the
boy looked up just in time to see his mobile suit, now possessed by
Ryoko, towering over him.  Apparently it had not forgotten about him.

	"I guess this is the part where I give up...?" he asked, once
again putting his hands in the air.

	A voice boomed from the giant.  "Who said anything about
hostages?!  You've hurt my Tenchi, so now the only fair thing to do is
kill you!"

	An immense metal arm reached down and grabbed the boy,
bringing him up to the level of the titan's face.  "Any last words
before I squeeze every bone in your body into a fine powder?"

	The suit's previous pilot considered for a moment what might
possibly be his final words.  "Yeah, just a few: I knew I should have
stayed in bed this morning."





