
		   Gundams Travel To The Land of Stars


		        Written by Metal Sonic v2.


			        Part Four



	Ayeka finally decided to go inside and live down the
embarrassment that would inevitably arise from her situation.  She
just knew that the family would take one look at her sunburn and
shake with suppressed laughter as they turned their heads and tried
not to notice.

	At least this way it will be on my own terms, the princess
thought glumly to herself.  But who knows?  I might be able to sneak
by undetected!  If I can just reach the kimono lying on my bed,
everything will be all right.  Or maybe I can even get Washu to
repair my skin!  Surely she can find time for a princess of Jurai!

	A broad smile crept across the princess's face at her next
thought.  I'm sure Tenchi would find me even more attractive than I
already am after a trip to Washu!  She IS the most brilliant scientist
in the universe - of course I would never tell HER that.  A comment
like that would go straight to her head.  Yes, I think this will turn
out all right after all!  Heh heh heh...but first things first: I
need to get that kimono and cover this nasty sunburn until Washu can
do something about it.

	Ayeka scanned the area to make sure nobody was around then
cautiously crept up to the door.  After another look behind her, she
slowly slid the door open, stepped inside, and slowly slid the door
back shut being careful to make as little noise as possible.

	Almost to the stairs... the princess thought, nervousness
beginning to reach a peak.

	She turned away from the door very slowly.  Strangely, the
view of the living room, and in fact the interior of the house, had
somehow changed into a flesh colored blur!  Ayeka was confused until
her brain managed to coalesce the obstruction in front of her into
the form of Sasami's face, inches from her own.

	"Aaahhhhhhh!"  Ayeka yelped as she jumped back against the
door.  The surprise of seeing her sister just on the other side of
the entry made her heart pound.  "Uhhh... hello, Sasami.  What are
you doing?"

	"Ayeka, everyone's gone!  I've got lunch all ready and I
don't know where anybody is!  Even Ryo-Ohki isn't here.  And that's
not all!  Awhile ago the top of the house slid off!" Sasami said,
obviously very worried about her friends.  "What do you think we
should do, Ayeka?"

	"Hmmm... that IS strange, Sasami.  Let me go change into
better clothing and we'll go look for them together.  How's that?"
She was more than a little relieved her sister had not pointed out
Ayeka's extensive redness.

	"Okay."  Sasami looked slightly relieved.  "Do you think that
you can hurry, sister?  I'm worried about them."

	"It'll be okay, Sasami."  You bet I'll hurry!  Ayeka thought.
I'm not about to leave that...that...MONSTER alone with Tenchi!  I
just KNOW she's the cause of all this.  Tenchi needs me to keep her
away, and I'm going to be there for him!  The sunburn suddenly took
a back seat in her list of priorities.  Sasami's news was far too
pressing to worry about a mere sunburn at the moment.

	Sasami waited nervously while her sister went upstairs to
change clothing.  Scarcely four minutes had passed before the elder
princess came back down dressed in her softly colored kimono.

	"Are you ready, Sasami?"  Sasami nodded.  "Okay.  Let's go
see if we can find where they all went."

	The pair walked outside into the brilliant sunlight that
streamed between fluffy, white clouds in the azure sky above.  No
sooner had they begun the trek toward the shrine then a group of four
boys, obviously of different nationalities, made their way toward the
house and the exiting sisters.  Ayeka paused when she noticed them
then turned around and went out to greet them.  Sasami stayed in the
shade and watched.

	Ayeka politely smiled, a smile reserved for dignitaries to
the Juraian court, small children, and any sort of nuisance that
required her attention, and clasped her hands in front.

	"Hello there.  May I ask what you are looking for?"  Her
thoughts were a different matter, however.  Get on with it!  I can't
stand the thought of Ryoko and Tenchi alone together!  Who knows what
that woman is doing to him right this very moment as I stand here
talking to total strangers?!

	A young, blond boy who obviously hailed from some country a
great distance away stepped forward.  "Hello, miss.  My name is
Quatre Raberba Winner and these," he said gesturing to the companions
at his side, "are my friends.  I'm sorry to disturb you, but we have
reason to believe that OZ soldiers are taking sanctuary somewhere in
this area.  Have you seen anybody suspicious in this region or
perhaps come across a boy dressed in black with long, brown hair?
He was part of our group but has gone missing."

	He waited for an answer, half expecting that both the mention
of OZ would frighten the lady he was addressing and that she had, in
fact, seen suspicious people nosing about.  A war such as the one
they were embroiled in was not to be taken lightly, especially when
the possibility of mobile suit combat hung in the air.

	I should probably tell them a woman about my height with a
pet cabbit openly declared her allegiance to whatever this OZ is
just today.  The errant thought almost caused Ayeka to snicker.  Only
her princessly training was able to hold it in.    "I'm afraid there
hasn't been anybody around here except for the Masakis and their
guests.  We are quite isolated, you know."

	The house door slid open and Noboyuki walked out onto the
wooden deck, shutting the door behind him.  He looked up and started,
surprised to see the group.

	"Hello, there!  Have you come to pay your respects at the
shrine?  It's right up that hill over there."  Noboyuki pointed off
to the shady stone steps that climbed their way to the Masaki family
shrine.  The many trees lining the path ensured that it was one of
the few cool areas left out of the reach of the hot afternoon sun.

	Another young man, this one wearing a turtleneck sweater,
leaned over to whisper a comment to one of his companions.  The boy's
long brown hair rustled gently as the occasional breeze blew past.
"...I think you're right..." was all that could be heard from their
quiet discussion.

	A third person, looking quite comfortable in his green tank
top and shorts, said quietly, "I think we've found a group of OZ
sympathizers.  It's obvious all this is all a carefully constructed
rouse to hide the enemy from detection."  The boy talked as if he
were some mechanical construct; not even a hint of emotion could be
seen in his features or heard in his voice.  He addressed his next
comment to Ayeka in particular.  "There's no mercy for OZ
supporters as you should well know living on the front lines of the
Sanc kindgom."

	Ayeka looked both surprised and a touch angry.  Unfortunately
for the strangers, anger was one emotion she had trouble controlling.
"How dare you accuse US of helping some "OZ" group!  I've never heard
of ANYTHING by that name before!  Just who do you think you are
accusing US?!  And "front lines of the Sanc kingdom"?  There is no
such thing on Earth!  You must be delirious!"

	The boy just shook his head.  "I think you know exactly what
we're talking about."

	"Well, you know what I think?  I think your shorts must be
too tight, and it somehow affected the flow of blood to your brain!
THAT'S what I think!"  Ayeka retorted.  She was dangerously close to
going over the edge.

	A young black headed boy dressed in a martial arts uniform,
the fourth member of the group of young men, suddenly scowled.
"Leave this to me..." he growled as he pulled a metal sword out of
its sheath.  Suddenly, he sprang into action.  Like a dragon poised
to strike, he leaped at Noboyuki and shouted, "Die you traitor!"

	Noboyuki, now quite used to people (mostly women) lunging at
him, deftly slipped back inside the house, slamming the door shut
behind him as the sword cut a long gap in it.  The weapon lost
momentum and lodged itself in a wooden support.  A taunting voice
answered the growl of frustration from inside the relative safety of
the house.  "Heh heh heh!  Looks like I was too fast for you!  Why
don't you practice your technique more?  Amateur..."

	Ayeka was not nearly so calm about the matter.  In fact, this
unprompted violence so enraged her that she momentarily forgot her
princessly ways and began to scream at the incredibly rude strangers.
"How DARE you attack MY future father!  Maybe THIS will teach you the
manners you so sorely lack!"

	With a slight gesture of her hand, hundreds of miniature
guardians encircled the group of men, and without warning the air
erupted in a mass of green as each of the guardians quickly sprouted
plant tendrils.  Within moments unyielding green vines enveloped the
group and pulled them tautly together.

	"Now that I've got your attention, let us see about teaching
you some manners!"  Ayeka covered her mouth as she chuckled.  The
boys would not soon forget their lesson in courtesy.

	Electricity crackled through the air.  Currents of blue
lightning zipped from one guardian to the next and slowly spiraled
downward.  Each pass elicited a cry of pain.  The boys were used to
gunshot wounds, broken bones, and bruises, but this was infinitely
more painful than all of those combined!

	Ayeka's chuckle magnified in intensity until she could no
longer contain the laughter.  A very disturbing fit of mirth made it
apparent that she was enjoying herself immensely.

	"Hoo hoo hoo hoo!  Are you learning your manners?  What's
that you say?  You need more instruction to learn your lesson?  I
would be happy to oblige you!  Hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo!"

	The lightning grew thicker and moved faster; smoke began to
rise from the young men as they screamed again with just as
much intensity as the look on Ayeka's face.

	But this was more than Sasami was content to sit back and
watch.  She ran over to her sister, concern for the strangers
expressed very clearly in her innocent eyes.  After a failed attempt
to grab her sister's attention, the young princess tugged at her
sister's sleeve as she pleaded, "Ayeka!  You're hurting them very
badly!  I know they attacked Tenchi's father, but please stop!  I
think they've had enough!"

	Ayeka looked startled, almost as if she had come out of a
daze at the sound of Sasami's voice.  "Wha-?  What were you saying,
Sasami?"

	"Ayeka you're hurting them.  Please stop it!"

	"Hmmm...okay, Sasami.  Perhaps they have learned the
consequences of attacking strangers without just cause."  She turned
and regarded the trussed up group with a slight smile on her face.
Slowly the electricity diminished until it was completely gone.  The
guardians disappeared, and with the absence of the plant ropes to
support the strangers, they all fell in a heap, moaning softly.
Pungent smoke hung in the air.

	"Well that's that," Ayeka said.  "Father, can you do us a
favor and tie these hoodlums up?  They have proven themselves to be
dangerous."

	The door to the house slid open.  "Uhhh, okay, Ayeka..."
Noboyuki assented.  "But I don't see how they can be much of a threat
now."

	"A little pain is good for anyone, father.  I'm sure they'll
be back to normal very soon, and when that happens they might decide
to attack again."

	"I see your point, Ayeka," Noboyuki responded.  "Now where
did I leave that rope?"  He pondered the issue.  "Hmm...maybe I left
it in the field?"

	"Oh, I have some father.  Here are some gags you can use
also.  They might cry for help and attract somebody even worse."
Ayeka pulled out several ropes of varying length and four gags from a
hidden pocket in her kimono.  She then handed them to her "father".

"Uhhh...thanks, Ayeka..."  Noboyuki took the items proffered him and
rubbed the back of his head, all the while smiling very sheepishly.
"You sure came prepared!"

	Ayeka ignored the comment.  "Certainly, father.  Sasami?  Are
you ready to go look for Tenchi?"

	"Sure thing, sister!  Let's go!"

	The two waved goodbye to Noboyuki, who was now contemplating
the best way to tie the group up, and headed off in the direction of
the forest.





