
		   Gundams Travel To The Land of Stars


		        Written by Metal Sonic v2.


			        Part Six



	"Oh, Ryoko!" Ayeka called in a singsong voice.

	"YOU again?" Ryoko growled as she turned around.  Several
stories of metal and guns loomed over her.  "Oh."  Ryoko managed to
utter as she stared in disbelief.

	"Take that!"  The giant's gun arm raised and lead sprayed the
area sending up huge gouts of dirt into the air.  "Hoo hoo hoo!"
boomed from the red giant's speakers.

	Ryoko, who was busy dodging bullets, suddenly snapped her
fingers in mid-teleport.  Oh yeah!  I'll just borrow that black one
again!  This should be interesting, she thought to herself.

	Moments later the eyes of the black suit glowed green as it's
energy scythe extended.  Many tons of black flew toward the wall of
red, and soon after, the ground began to tremble.  Grey streaks
whizzed all around and a greenish glow filled the air as the two
combatants fought with both weapons and wit.





	Tenchi bolted up and darted toward the relative safety of the
trees.  "Those two are really dangerous when they're mad at each
other!"

	A familiar voice broke the silence from beside him.  "But -I-
never get tired of watching those two fight.  Aheh heh heh!"

	Tenchi lost his balance due to the sudden surprise.  "WHA-?!"
he stammered.

	Luckily, he caught himself on a nearby tree before he fell out
onto the battlefield.  Regaining his composure he uttered, "Oh, hello
Little Washu.  I wasn't expecting to find you here too.  Where did
you come from?"

	"Oh, you know, I was in the area and decided to see how
things were going."

	"Uh...okay," Tenchi mumbled in resignation.  It was not worth
the trouble to pry it out of the scientist.  "How are we going to get
them to stop fighting?"

	"More importantly is why.  If we don't get the dimensional
travelers back to where they came from, the door between our two
universes will become a permanent feature.  If the pilots of those
mobile suits do not return to their own dimension, the door cannot
close.  Eventually it will not...which brings me to the first thing
we have to do: stop those two from fighting long enough to take back
their mobile suits.  I thought I would send YOU out there."  Washu
had no trouble volunteering the boy as peacemaker.  This slightly
unnerved Tenchi.  Seeing his expression she continued, "Ayeka and
Ryoko are sure to stop once they see you.  Get out there and break
up that fight, Tenchi!  I'll be cheering for you!"  Two flags
materialized from out of nowhere into her hands, and she shoved
Tenchi toward the clearing where the two women battled.

	The boy stumbled out, falling on his face directly in the
path of a huge metal foot.  Tenchi was a lightning bolt as he sprang
to his feet and dashed back into the trees.  "What are you trying to
do, Washu?  Get me KILLED?!" Tenchi demanded of Washu, shaken from
having a second brush with the feuding pair.

	Washu ignored the question.  "Well, that didn't work, heh heh!
Let's try plan B!"

	Tenchi rubbed the area of his face he fell on.  "I hope plan
B works better than plan A did," he grumbled.

	"Of course it will!" the scientist answered pleasantly.  "Now
let's go get you a mobile suit of your own."  And with that Washu
began walking to the same clearing several others of the Tenchi "clan"
had already found.




	Mihoshi had just woken up from her nap in the chest of the
winged mobile suit.  "Oh!  I must have dozed off!"  She stretched.
Moments later a yawn followed.  "It looks like my clothes dried while
I slept!  I'm now in perfect condition to resume my search for the
villains."  The sound of voices could be heard coming from the forest
floor.  "Those must be the villains coming back from a break.  I
didn't expect them so soon!  Where did I put my gun?  There it is!
I don't know if I'm ready yet!"  Mihoshi scrambled around the cockpit
to get in a better position for the arrests she was about to make.

	Far below the policewoman, Tenchi studied the metal behemoths.
Washu, who stood nearby, urged him, "I'm sure you'll be able to figure
out the basic controls with a bit of practice.  Just remember that
time is of the essence, Tenchi."  She looked at him expectantly.

	"Alright.  I guess I'll ride in that one with the dragon arm,
but how will I climb up there with my arm broken?" Tenchi asked while
examining the sling his arm rested in.

	"Nothing could be simpler.  Raise your broken arm as high as
you can, please."  Washu cracked the joints on her fingers almost as
if to greet the keyboard that materialized in front of her.  In
moments an energy field appeared around Tenchi's broken arm.  In a
few more, bones mended and tendons straightened out.

	"Nothing a genious like me couldn't handle.  I just
accelerated the time inside the subspace parameters of your arm,
effectively speeding your body's natural healing process.  You should
be back to peak performance.  But just to be sure, what say you come
to my lab after this is over and I run a few experiments on it?  Hmm?"

	"Uhh...it feels great Little Washu!  Just great!  No need to
trouble you with any tests!  Heh heh,"  Tenchi laughed nervously.
Several drops of sweat appeared on his brow.

	Remembering the matter at hand, he flexed his arm a few times
to test its strength.  "Wish me luck!"  He waved and began his climb
into the "dragon suit".  The climb up to the cockpit was not
difficult; the next step was not quite so clear.

	"I guess my feet go here...and this makes it walk..."  Leaves
flew into the air as the suit took a few small steps.  "These levers
must be the arm controls..."  As commanded, the suit raised and
lowered its arms.  "That's not so bad.  I think I'm actually getting
the hang of this!  Now...hmm?  What does this button do?"  Tenchi
pressed one of the red buttons on the arm lever causing the dragon
arm to shoot out.  A deafening clang rung throughout the clearing as
the arm knocked into the winged suit next to him.

	"Whoa!  I'll have to be more careful with this arm.  I'm sure
glad nobody was in that thing."  The mobile suit that was to play
mediator began its trek back from whence its pilot had come.





	Inside the teetering winged suit, Mihoshi panicked.  "Hey!
Stop falling!  What do I do?  What do I do?!  Think Mihoshi...!"
Mihoshi mashed every button her eyes happened to chance upon.  "Maybe
this will stop it?" she asked herself, worry starting to set in.

	The hatch closed.  Machine guns mounted on the head fired and
stopped.  A beam sword extended and retracted.  "Oh, no!"  Mihoshi
covered her eyes with one hand while still activating buttons with
the other.  In a stroke of luck, the suit transformed into jet and
sped into the sky just meters from hitting the ground.  Somehow,
through all the loops and dives, the policewoman's newly converted jet
meandered off in the direction Tenchi had gone moments before.

	Tears formed in the corners of Mihoshi's eyes as she fought
to control her careening jet.  "Stay calm!  Stay calm!  Oh!  What am
I going to do?!"  Exhaust from the jet rose sluggishly into the sky.





	"If I know Mihoshi, and I'm pretty sure I do, she somehow
managed to get into that thing and now doesn't know how to get down."
The small scientist heaved a sigh.  "I guess I'd better go after her."
Moments later, the final mobile suit sped off in the direction of the
others, its curved heat swords glinting in the sun.





	"That's it, Ryoko!  Run like the coward you are!" Ayeka
managed to shout between spasms of laughter.  The enormous gun
attached to her vehicle's arm leveled at Ryoko's cockpit and spun for
a fraction of a moment.  Bullets sprayed out and sped toward their
target with deadly efficiency.

	Ryoko responded, "Who's running, princess?  I'm just getting
into a better position to SLICE YOU IN HALF!"  The black suit nimbly
jumped high over the bullets.  Air whooshed around the suit as it fell
out of the sky with its energy scythe held high preparing to make good
on the pilot's threat.

	The red suit lunged aside at the last moment as the green
blade cut a vast swath in the ground.  Dirt and greenery burned easily
with but the slightest touch of the blade.  Ayeka whirled around for a
counterassault and punched the black suit square in the head.  Metal
impacting metal and princessly laughter mixed and echoed about the
fighters.

	Ryoko's fighter reeled at the impact, the force having stunned
even her for a moment.  But only for a moment.  Her suit shot a
massive leg out in a vicious kick, and more sparks flew from the two
beings.  Ayeka's fighter hurled through the air presenting the
perfect opportunity for Ryoko to taunt her foe.  "Why'd you stop
laughing, Ayeka?  Did that hurt?  I'm SO sorry!"

	Many tons of red metal hit a towering tree and then plunged
to the ground with enough force to cause tremors kilometers away.  The
ancient plant snapped in two scattering a cloud of leaves and
splinters into the air.  Ayeka braced her fighter with the massive
arm-gun and pushed herself back to a standing position.

	"You've had it, Ryoko!" she declared.  Almost immediately a
counterchallenge shot back from Ryoko. "Bring it on, Ayeka!"

	Each metal adversary squared off against the other, both women
preparing for a final attack.  Missiles zoomed for the black cockpit.
A black, metal shield with another green energy blade whooshed through
the air toward the red cockpit.





	High above the two fighters, Mihoshi's jet began its descent
in a tight spiral aimed directly between the red and black suits
(despite unheard protests from the pilot inside.)  Jet engines whined
as they increased their output to the maximum.  It looked as if a
catastrophic explosion was imminent, but centimeters before impact the
swooping plane straightened out and zipped back into the air where it
did a loop and went back the way it came.

	Mihoshi's mobile suit managed to escape intact.  Washu, who
was in close pursuit of the policewoman, was not so lucky.  The
blade-shield and missiles slammed into her mobile suit from both sides
as the red-haired genius attempted to turn and chase her quarry in a
new direction.

	Several explosions complete with oily, black smoke enveloped
the tower of metal.  Washu very accurately noted, "Looks like it's
time to go!" while she pulled the eject handle in her cockpit.  Her
chair blasted high into the air, slowly parachuting down in the path
of yet another incoming mobile suit.

	Once she landed Washu stood up and waved at the cameras
mounted in Tenchi's vehicle.  "Hey, Tenchi!  How about a lift?  Nobody
THIS cute should have to walk, you know!"  Tenchi must have agreed
because a mechanized hand reached down to scoop her up.

	The boy's voice issued through a speaker.  It seemed somehow
disembodied from the giant head that stared down at Washu with an
unblinking gaze.  "Little Washu?  What happened to you?"

	"An airhead at ground zero."

	Speakers on Tenchi's mobile suit crackled to life in reply.
"You should probably ride up here in the cockpit where it's safer.
It'll be a little crowded, though.  Is that okay?"

	The chest hatch opened to reveal Tenchi working the controls.
Exactly as he said there was barely room enough for one more person
to squeeze in.  Washu crawled through the opening and sat on Tenchi's
lap.

	"I'm ready to go, Tenchi!" she happily exclaimed.

	"...I think there's a little room behind my chair..." Tenchi
began nervously.

	"That's okay!  I'm comfortable here!" Washu countered.

	Tenchi began to turn red.  "I can't really see what I'm
doing, Washu..."

	"Well, I suppose in that case..." Washu crawled behind the
seat and peered over Tenchi's shoulder at the screens, a smile still
on her face.

	"Let's go!"  Tenchi closed the hatch.  Moments later they
arrived at the outskirts of the battlefield where the big mobile suit
came to halt and peered between a clustering of trees.

	Ayeka and Ryoko were in a deadlock.  Each machine had numerous
gouges, burns, and discolored patches of metal.  One was even missing
the left index finger.  Any observer could readily tell the machines
had been pushed all the way to their limits.  This, however, did not
stop the pair from continuing their duel.

	The two women's suits stood with feet braced against the
ground.  Each leaned forward and gripped its opponent's forearms with
all the strength the mechanical servos could muster.  Judging by the
small piles of dirt gathering about all four robotic heels, it had
come to the point where the decision of victor would be made by the
one who broke the standstill.  Just one throw was necessary for all
to be decided...

	The red giant, now with its gun-arm lying useless on the
ground, announced in a strained voice, "I'm not giving up, Ryoko!
Quit now while you can!"

	The black giant, its energy scythe now lying forgotten on the
ground behind it, responded, "Well I'm certainly not stopping!  But
I'll understand if YOU give up."

	"Fat chance!  I guess we'll be here the rest of the day!"

	"Fine!  Have it your way!" Ryoko shouted as she tried to coax
more power from her suit.

	The giants continued to strain against each other unaware that
Mihoshi's jet had made a full circle and was now on a second collision
course with the battling women.  Tenchi had not seen the jet either as
he studied the viewscreens displaying the fight in rapt attention.

	"How are we going to get them to..." he began to ask Washu.

	A sort of whistling sound pierced the sky.  It steadily grew
in intensity as the jet neared the ground, and then, without warning,
many tons of metal collided directly into the midst of Ayeka and
Ryoko.  Explosion upon explosion rocked the ground as light flashed
into even the deepest of shadows.  Thick smoke rose from the wreckage
to block all but the most determined rays of sunlight from the
midmorning sky.

	A bead of sweat formed on Tenchi's face.  "...stop...?"  Washu
fell on her face in disbelief.





	Ten minutes later the group stood in front of the solely
remaining mobile suit and watched intensely hot fire consume the
wreckage.

	Mihoshi rubbed her head in embarrassment.  "That had me
worried!  Thank goodness I was able to find an eject button!"  She
smiled and laughed.  However, Ayeka was not quite so happy.

	"Miss Washu, shouldn't we put out that fire before it
spreads?"

	"There wouldn't BE a fire if you would have just given up!"
Ryoko glared at the Juraian princess.

	Ayeka's slowly clenched her fists as she fought to control her
anger.  "Yeah?!  Well maybe I wouldn't have had to give up if YOU
wouldn't have acted like such a demon!  Oh!  I'm sorry!  You ARE a
demon!  How silly of me to forget!"

	"Haven't you two had enough?"  Washu struck them both on the
head, and the two fell over in pain.

	Ryoko quickly stood up, rubbing the sore spot on her head.
"Hey!  What's the big idea?"

	"Normally I would be content to let you two argue, but we have
more pressing matters to attend to.  If we don't get all the pieces of
these mobile suits, as well as their pilots, back through the
dimensional rift they came through, it will remain open permanently."
Washu closed her eyes in anticipation of the questions she knew
would follow.

	Ryoko looked irritated.  "Yeah?  So what if this rift stays
open?!  What do I care?"

	"Because, LITTLE Ryoko, as long as the door is open, so to
speak, there is the possibility that more beings just like those," the
scientist gestured to the wreckage, "will come through.  Any more
questions?"

	Ayeka covered her mouth and cleared her throat very
delicately.  "About how long do we have to complete this, Miss Washu?"

	"Oh, I'd say about five minutes."  The group fell over in
unison leaving Washu as the only one remaining on her feet.  "Listen
up!  The dimensional tear is right outside Ryoko's cave.  Ryoko!  I
need you to fly back to the house and retrieve the pilots.  Oh, and
make sure you pick up the one you tossed into the forest.  Tenchi!
Take your mobile suit and gather up the scrap from this pile.  I'll
be riding with you."

	For the first time in a few hours, Ryoko and Ayeka agreed.
Almost at once they chimed in.  "Just a minute, Washu!  Why don't
you..."  After a brief moment of thought, they continued.  "...put out
that fire first so it doesn't spread?  In the meantime TENCHI can
start gathering the wreckage!"

	Washu did not twitch a muscle.  "Alright then.  Ayeka!  You're
going to help me.  As for you, Mihoshi, just stay out of the way."

	"Okay!  I think I can manage that!"  The policewoman rubbed
her head again.

	"Meet at the cave in four minutes.  The clock is ticking,
everybody," Washu finished in a tone that suggested the very safety
of the universe depended on their speed.  Perhaps it was because it
did.





	The group worked at their given tasks without saying much,
time weighing heavily upon each.

	Through the help of Washu's computer, a portion of a desert
halfway across the world appeared over the fire.  It fell after a
stroke of her keyboard's "enter" key tidily extinguishing the flames.

	Ayeka's job was to clear away the sand so Tenchi could pick
up the metal lying about.  This was no problem with Azaka and Kamidake
around to help generate a force that would blow away the sand.  Upon
consideration, Ayeka gladly accepted her work in hopes it would win
her favor with Tenchi.

	Tenchi climbed back into the dragon-handed suit and, when
Ayeka and her guardians had finished clearing away the sand, pushed
what was left of the other four suits into a large mass.  Quite by
accident he discovered that his dragon hand could also shoot flame,
so the metal that had not melted together soon was.  He picked it up
in one hand, gingerly held the two women in the other, and dashed
toward the cave.

	Mihoshi stood by and watched the cleanup operation.  It was
not long before the others accidentally left her behind in their haste
to get back to the cave.  The policewoman shouted, "Hey!  Please wait!
I don't know my way around this forest!"  However, Tenchi and his two
companions did not hear her pleas for a slower pace nor did they ever
remember to pick her up.  All the way back to the cave Mihoshi
continued to shout for them to stop, and when she finally arrived, she
collapsed from exhaustion.

	Ryoko had no trouble meeting her deadline as all the pilots
were either bound, unconscious, or immobilized.  She could not help
but compare them to Tenchi, if only for curiosity's sake, as she flew
to the cave.  But just as she knew in her heart, not one of them came
close to comparing with the boy she loved.





	The group arrived at the cave with one minute to spare, and
encountered the portal, just tall enough to accommodate the largest of
the mechanized giants.  Its only perceptible characteristic (other
than the lack of a cave entrance on the other side) was an almost
imperceptible shimmer, much like heat rising off asphalt.

	The unwary dimension-hoppers and their mobile suits seemed
strangely drawn to the opening.  They slowly slid toward the energy
field making it seem like a magnet had been setup just on the other
side.  If the portal was eager to accept its own kind back, Tenchi and
the others were certainly eager to be rid of them.  When the last of
the boys and their mobile suits were through the haze, two opposing
points of glowing energy traced the tear's outline.  A bright flash
accompanied the intersection, and Ryoko's cave came back into view.

	However, this was not what Washu had expected, and she seemed
surprised.  "While I'm glad those travelers are gone, I must admit
their departure was rather unexpected.  I thought I was going to have
to seal the tear myself.  As unlikely as it is, maybe I miscalculated
a variable in my equations..."

	"Does this mean something went wrong?" Tenchi asked, not
looking forward to another epic match between Ryoko and Ayeka.

	"It is possible," the scientist responded.  "But I wouldn't
worry too much about it.  The rift is gone now, and that's all that
matters."

	They stood, silently reflecting upon the events that befell
them that morning, then, almost as if on cue, stomach rumbles roared
the presence of five underfed appetites.

	Mihoshi, holding her midsection to keep the noise in,
exclaimed, "I'm hungry.  I haven't eaten since breakfast, and that run
really drained my energy!"

	"I suggest that we all go back to the house and eat lunch.  Is
that okay, Lord Tenchi?"  Ayeka waited for a response.

	Tenchi started to say, "Sure.  That sounds great!" but his
stomach answered for him with an assenting growl long before he could
get the actual words out.

	The women all laughed as Tenchi, now thoroughly embarrassed,
rubbed his head, and they started back to the Masaki residence (or at
least the half that contained Sasami's cooking.)

	Ayeka stopped halfway back to the house.  Something had
tugged at the back of her mind every since they began the walk back,
but she could not put her finger on what it was. In a flash of
sudden insight, she stood bolt upright and asked, "That reminds me.
Where is Sasami?"





