Guyver Muyo (No need to be out of control)
Data 2
by Abrelle
Completed:14/1/99
Please send all E-mails and flames to: Abrelle@Yahoo.com
Disclaimer:
I do not and never will own these characters; also I am in no way looking to 
make a profit. I would like to be more in dept with this disclaimer but I don't
really know who owns half of these characters. Anyway it'll be very hard to sue 
me as most of my friends don't know where I live.

Authors Notes: Sorry about the short length of Data 1 but I've learned the first 
rule of writing on computers. No matter how big it is on paper it is always 
smaller on computer, and when you are editing the story as you write it on 
screen like I did the it becomes even smaller.
Please note that the main fight in this chapter happens in a matter of minutes
and the fights the Guyver and Tenchi took part in happen at the same time.
I did originally said that I didn't think any one had done a Guyver/Tenchi FF 
but I recently found one call 'An unusual day at the Masaki Residence' by 
Patrick K. Maurer which was a Guyver/Tenchoman/Tenchi FF. I apologise if Patrick 
feels I nicked his idea but the truth is I didn't.


Sho's day at school had been a stressful, despite the fact that compared to 
other days, his lessons were relatively easy, his mind however was elsewhere. 
Mainly it was milling over the events of yesterday. It has been Tetsuro's idea 
to appeal to the media for help. However the reporter wasn't having any of it. 
Photographs (he said) can be too easily changed and Tetsuro knew that there was 
no physical evidence as Zoanoids dissolve when killed so the only option was to 
show them the Guyver. In fact the whole floor had seen it, Tetsuro was confident 
that this was one sighting Chronos couldn't cover up. However as they were 
walking towards the end of the street the building they had just visited was 
rocked by a huge explosion. No one who had seen the Guyver had survived.
To clam his mind Sho headed off towards the roof, as he starred out over the 
surrounding forest he couldn't help his eyes concentrating on the lake where he 
first became the Guyver.

Tenchi however had been fairing better in class, his ability to concentrate had 
been greatly increased due to the practice of ignoring sudden explosions (due to 
his house guests) had meant that even the piercing sound of his maths teacher 
whistling through his teeth didn't stop him working. Tenchi had headed to the 
roof to collect his thoughts to find a solution to these fights between Aeka and 
Ryoko. He sat resting against a wooden air vent. He sighed and closed his eyes 
to relax.
He then heard a shimmering sound, and his eyes shot open, he knew that sound. He 
turned to his left and sat next to him has Ryoko the cyan hared space pirate. 
She threw her arms around him with a huge smile on her face.
"Ryoko." hissed Tenchi looking around to see if anyone had noticed an extra 
presence and was watching him. "How many times have I told you not to come to my 
school..."
"...Except... "
"...Except when it's an emergency." And with that pushed her away.
"But it is an emergency". Protested a hurt looking Ryoko.
This should be good though Tenchi as he sat back and crossed his arms.
"Go on then."
"Well... Washu managed to blow up the TV and there's nothing to do."
"Come off it Ryoko. That's the lamest emergency I've ever heard."
Ryoko looked set to burst into a fit of tears on par with Mihoshi's best 
performance, Tenchi seeing this allowed her to rest her head on his knee, a 
crying Ryoko would easily attract attention.
"Sorry but, I've got nothing to do." She sniffed.
"What you need is a hobby." She looked up at him "Besides me that is." He added
hastily.
"Sorry..."
"I forgive you."
"Thanks."

"So your up here Sho."
Sho at this turned round; the friendly face of Tetsuro met him. Relaxing they 
both leaned against the fence. For a moment, they remained silent their 
conversation needed no words, finally Tetsuro broke the silence.
"I can't believe they actually did it, it seems that Chronos has the power to 
take away anything."
"It couldn't have been right to show them the Guyver, anyone who gets involved 
Then a voice called out behind them "Sho!" Sho raised his head and Tetsuro 
turned around, before them stood Mizuki looking worst for wear but recovered 
from her fever. She looked sternly to Sho.
"Sho, Tetsuro won't tell about those monsters..."
"Mizuki..."
"Tetsuro shut up!" she turned back to Sho "Can you tell me how you and Tetsuro 
got mixed up in all of this."

Back across the roof Ryoko was subsiding her sobs, she raised her head looking 
into the air and hushed Tenchi before he could speak. She looked around the air 
vent to across the roof.
"Who's that? They seem to be arguing about something."
Tenchi looked round at the scene summing up his memory.
"Well the girl's Mizuki, she's on the student council. The bigger one is 
Tetsuro, I sit behind him in chemistry. The third one I don't recognise, but I 
think I've seen him before."
"Interesting" and with this statement Ryoko clicked her tongue in thought.

Just outside the school grounds, on a hill overlooking the school were five 
large men dressed in tight purple battle gear. They surveyed what was before 
them silently. The voice of Commander Guo rattled through his telepathic link to 
all zoanoids, <the stage is set, begin the attack> and with that his presence 
faded. The most human looking one and the leader of the group stood forward, his 
eyes still locked on the school. It was about 2pm so he thought there wouldn't 
be a full school.
"Okay guys, you heard the boss, in and out in ten minutes."
They all nodded silently and all except the leader started to run down the hill
At once the began their transformations, their skin erupting to show the monster
underneath. The leader stood on the top of the hill and began his
transformation. He looked like a large black man-beetle with some white carapace
on his forearms and thighs; he readied his bio-laser in the middle of his
antlers. He paused for a moment his enhanced sight checking the target then he
opened fire, the red beam of light cut through the air hitting the building and
rupturing a gas pipe causing an explosion in one of the labs killing seven
students. He fired again and again and again, fireballs travelled down corridors
and up stairwells. All in that moment forty-six students died

"Tetsuro it's a Chronos attack." shouted Sho.
"I can't believe they'd attack the school." Shouted back a panicked Tetsuro

"What the fuck is happening." screamed Ryoko; she jumped up into the air and
phased into her red and black battle dress
Tenchi got up and collected himself; this was bringing back memories of his
first night with Ryoko. He hatred to say this but he had been through this
scenario like this farrr... too many times.

The lights of the building crackled and exploded, the electrical equipment blew
up if the fuse wasn't fast enough, and people took cover under desks or ran
around panicked. This wave of attack claimed twelve more lives and cut off the
school from the outside world.
Three students in the building who where lucky enough to still be alive flew to
the ground as more explosions rocked the school.
"What was that?" asked the first.
"Felt like a magnitude eight." Answered the second who was trying to catch his 
breath.
"We better get to the hills." Offered the third.
They all nodded in agreement and picked themselves up and headed towards the 
nearest exit and processed to the hills surrounding the school, on route they 
spotted a large hole in the structure, out of which emerged a purple zoanoid 
surrounded with electrical energy. Behind him a larger grey zoanoid rose from 
the ground it tiny head (compared to the rest of his body).
"Too bad you saw us kids." Muttered one coldly. They climbed out of the hole and 
processed toward their prey who where frozen in terror.

Looking down from his elevated position Sho saw this, he cried their names but 
they couldn't hear him. He turned around and Mizuki looked helplessly into his 
eyes.
"Help them." She muttered.
Sho turned back to the fence and started to climb it, Mizuki thinking the worst 
tried to stop him but she got to the fence too late to see him jump off. As he 
fell down towards the earth he cried out
"GUYVER!!!"
He was instantly consumed by the bio- armour that was the Guyver, his foot 
connected with the head of the purple zoanoid, causing it to fall back. Sho 
landed and pointed behind himself.
"Quick run to the main gate." He commanded, the three not wanting to argue with 
something that wasn't human they turned and ran. Sho stood up and sized up his 
opponents.

Tenchi and Ryoko ran to the fence where Tetsuro and Mizuki were watching events 
below.
"What on earth is going on Tetsuro." Demanded Tenchi.
"It doesn't matter" he replied.
"Of course it matters."
"If Sho can't defeat these zoanoids were all dead."
"Well I guess we can help then." Said Ryoko as she pushed past Tenchi.
"Who are you?" asked Mizuki.
"Ryoko, 'space pirate' at your service."
Tenchi looked down to his watch that Washu had given him for just such an 
occasion, he tapped SOS on the face in Morse code and a small sub space hole 
opened up, Tenchi reached in and pulled out the master key 'Tenchi' he then 
looked over to Tetsuro.
"We'll do all we can." Was the most comforting thing he could think of, "Ryoko 
get me down there so we can help." She nodded and they both phased out.

Below Sho faced down his opponents, he had never seen zoanoids like these 
before, until now they all looked the same, the same couple of designs used over 
and over again. But these were new, just like Zerabubus was new.
"You attacked the school and killed my friends." Sho shouted.
"Who ever knows of you must die." Replied the grey one.
"I'll never forgive you bastards."
He charged at the bigger of the two lashing out with his fist. The zoanoid cough 
his hand easily and held it there despite the force Sho put into it. The Zoanoid 
started to crush the Guyvers hand causing Sho to cry out in pain as his bones 
started to splinter. All he could hear was the Zoanoids laugh.
"I thought you were stronger than this Guyver, you can not beat me I am the 
strongest of the Hyper Zoanoid Team Five."
"Hyper Zoanoid Team Five?"
Lifting the Guyver with great ease he threw Sho into the wall, causing a huge 
hole to appear, Sho struggled to get up.
Just then Ryoko and Tenchi phased into being where Sho had once stood, both of 
them extended their energy swords.
The Zoanoids looked at each other, "I'll take care of them, you complete the 
mission." Said the purple one, the grey Zoanoid charged at the Guyver smashing 
him through the walls of the school.
"Ryoko, I can take this one, you go for the one on the hill."
"Okay." Ryoko looked up at the hill to get her bearings and phased out.
Tenchi looked as his opponent, he saw the long next twisting tentacles and 
uniform blister shapes on his skin, it reminded him of an eel, in fact the other 
one put him in mind of a rhino. What were these creatures? Crossbreeds between 
animals and humans?
"So you think you can beat me, ha. Your not even another zoanoid." The creature 
lifted himself into the air. Tenchi calmed his mind.
The zoanoid stuck out with both of his longest tentacles and a fraction a second 
before the hit him Tenchi created a Light Hawk Wing. His grandfather had taught 
Tenchi the method of drawing the power of Funhao. He hadn't fingered out how to 
gain the limited flying ability's it held.
Electricity danced across the wing as the creature discharged huge amounts of 
energy. "So you have a method of blocking my attacks, no matter I can still kill 
you, It'll just take longer that's all."

Around the other side of the school the grey zoanoid broke through the wall and 
the Guyver was flung free. Trying desperately to get up be heard a high pitched 
screeching sound. Looking up he saw a pod like object followed by a smoke trail 
flying towards his head, in an effort to block the projectile he quick raised 
his arm. The impact caused a miniature explosion causing Sho to scream out in 
pain. Looking down he saw that his left blade was completely destroyed, looking 
more closely he notice the armour was still bubbling, evidence that this was 
some sort of acid weapon.
"Well Guyver how do you like my 'liquid missile'." Sho turned to see another 
Zoanoid this time his shoulders where massively inflated and had tiny spikes all 
over them, Sho realised that this is what he was firing at him. Sho tried to get 
up but his aching body couldn't support his weight yet. "Don't bother getting up 
I end it for you now." The Zoanoid leaded forward and two more missiles were 
shot towards the Guyver.
Sho starred at his own death as the rockets came towards him. Suddenly a green 
shape pasted the missiles with such speed even the Bio armour couldn't make it 
out. The missile exploded in mid air, causing the concrete floor below it to 
hiss as it was melted.
Looking up to the creature that had saved him Sho saw yet another zoanoid. This 
was light green and its head came to a point at the front and two same tentacles 
danced at ether side of its head, its hand were bladed that appeared to flicker.
It turned to the other Zoanoid with the missile.
"You idiot your missiles would not only have destroyed him but the control medal 
as well, I'll just cut his head off it's all we need." He turned back to Sho and 
swung at him.
Sho only just able to get out of the way as the bladed hand of the creature dug
into the wall.
"Your stronger than I expected Guyver, I'm amazed you have any strength left, 
these blades are made of a special material which resonates at a very high 
frequency they can cut through anything even the Guyver." The creature lashed 
out with both bladed cutting an X on the front of the Armour, Sho looked down 
then blood poured out like a fountain before stopping.
Sho was now in panic he was taking too much damage and he wasn't healing fast 
enough. Looking up the Zoanoid made a final swing at the armour, Sho lost all 
control the suit took over extending his right blade and blocking the attack. As 
the two blades clashed it produced a ear splitting sound that shattered all the 
windows at the school causing all the students to cover their ears in pain.
"Shit you have high frequency blades as well!" cried the Zoanoid in disbelief. 
To dodge any follow up attacks the Guyver could do, the Zoanoid jumped back and 
was engulfed in a column of light, The other Zoanoids watching were shocked but 
Sho knew what it was, after all he made this for a living now.
Looking up they all saw the Dark Guyver (Guyver 3 for people who like to be 
technical) holding one half of the Mega Smasher open, the laser port still 
smoking slightly.

Seeing that his opponent was hurt buy the high frequency sound, his own genetic 
engineered ears protected him from. The purple Zoanoid flew in to finish off 
Tenchi. Still dazed from the noise, Tenchi could do little to defend himself, so 
the sword took over, controlling Tenchi's arm the sword was thrown at the 
creature. Its blade imbedded it's self in the creature's chest, the pain 
throwing it out of the air he came crashing down to the ground. It clasped the 
sword hilt in an effort to pull it out; it then started to try to tear the 
Zoanoid apart. The creature was to some degree protected from the large amounts 
of energy produced but enough to seriously hurt it. Tenchi held up his hand in 
silent command the sword withdrew from the creature's chest and flew back 
towards Tenchi who easily cough it.
"Impossible!" the creature screamed holding the hole in his chest. "I can not be 
hurt by electricity." Terror was in his voice he flew away as fast as he could.

On the hill the leader observed the battle, now the Dark Guyver had appeared, 
the readied his laser and aimed at the Dark Guyver. He was then struck by an 
energy bolt to his side. Turning he saw the advancing form of Ryoko travelling 
towards him at an incredible high speed. In panicked attacked the Zoanoid shot 
random fire mainly missing Ryoko but one hit her sword which splintered into 
nothing. The space pirate looked at her hands in surprise this had never 
happened before, the only person to break her sword so far was Kagato and he was 
dead.
The Zoanoid seeing an opening aimed more carefully any released another volley 
of shots. Ryoko looked up just in time to see the laser bolts to teleport out of 
the way. Now this was a new experience for the Zoanoid he never fought an 
opponent who could teleport. He looked around to find a target, how was some how 
able to clock herself from his Bio Sensors.
Seeing his opponents back turned Ryoko shot out of the bushes striking the 
creature on the back, the sword swipe barely starched him, the creature turned 
round and his massive forearm struck Ryoko causing her to fly back into the 
forest.
She quickly recovered her senses and flew up to the top of the trees and flew 
around the creature firing bolts at the beetle like monster. Most were shot out 
of the air by it but some got through but only burn marks were made at best.

The missile armed Zoanoid looked up at the Dark Guyver all sense was wiped from 
his mind by the death of his comrade. "Fire all missile." He commanded and his 
body followed the order with 47 liquid missiles headed straight toward the Dark 
Guyver.
"Guyver 3 look out." Cried Sho his strength was starting to return.
The Dark Guyver looked toward the approaching missiles and commanded his armour 
to produce a low frequency sound that triggered the premature detonation of the 
projectiles.
<Arise Guyver 1.> Sho didn't hear the words they rattled around his head.
<What is this?> he asked.
<We are able to communicate telepathically through the organisms on our backs.>
<Telepathic communication?> Sho found himself aware of the two blister like 
shapes on his back, like someone who was reminded of a rash and then began to 
feel it itch.
<Guyver 1 kill Gaster by attacking him where his liquid is stored.> Sho 
instantly knew that the Zoanoid armed with the missile was called Gaster and 
that he carried a supply of corrosive liquid in his shoulder pods, however when 
mixed the effects were devastating.
Sho rose to one knee the two both his feet, swaying ever so slightly he turned 
to Gaster steadied himself and readied his remaining blade. Screaming a battle 
cry Sho charged at the Zoanoid. Seeing the attack, Gaster jumped back and 
sprayed a wide area his liquid through the liquid launcher on his forearms.
<I can't get close enough to attack.>
<The medal on your waist controls gravitational forces, concentrate.>
Sho focused his mind on becoming lighter and imagined that he could fly he rose 
into the air. Gaster was so shocked by this unrecorded ability of the Guyver 
armour that he was unable to dodge the attack as Sho landed right next to Gaster 
swiping his blade through his body, causing the liquids to leak out onto the 
floor. Sho quickly jumped away as Gaster cried:
"Nooo not the liquids..." and he then exploded.
The remaining grey Zoanoid prepared to attack when Commander Guo invaded the 
remainders of Team Fives minds.
<Abort the mission, events have taken an unexpected turn.>
<Commander Guo...> protested one of them.
<That is an order.>
Seeing that Commander Guo was right at this rate they would all end up dead, The 
grey Zoanoid performed a powerful jump landing him near the combat between Ryoko 
and the Team Five leader. Seeing that her attacks on one were futile, two would 
be impossible so teleport to find the resting form of Tenchi.
"Tenchi are you ok?" She asked
"Fine, fine, where's everyone else?"
"I think there round the front." Looking up she saw the three Zoanoids crossing 
the forest in giant leaps into the distance.

Around the front Sho recalled his armour and collapsed into the arms of Tetsuro 
who had, seeing the fight was over came to see how his friend was faring. Mizuki 
quickly followed and Tenchi and Ryoko phased next to them.
Above the Dark Guyver had thought his plan was to leave after the battle but 
these new people would prove to be useful allies, so he jumped down all four 
floors and ran over to the group.
"May I ask who you are?" asked a puzzled Dark Guyver.
"I'm Tenchi and I come to this school too, this is Ryoko she's an alien."
"Hello" added Ryoko.
"And may we ask who you are?" asked an angry Tetsuro.
"Well..." The armour around the Dark Guyver dissolved and everyone gasped 
(expect Ryoko, she didn't know who he was anyway and Sho who was unconscious).
"Argito" they all said. (Yes even Tenchi knows who he is after all he is the 
student council president.)
"We better leave quickly there are a lot of Zoanoids around here and Team Five 
could come back with them." Said Argito, everyone nodded.
Tenchi looking down at his watch pressed a button on the side. There was a beep 
and an angry voice on the other end.
"This better be good Tenchi, you don't want to know what I just dropped."
"Washu there's been an incident at school, we need you to open up a portal 
quickly."
There was a pause.
"Define 'incident' and why do you need a portal my instruments show Ryoko is 
with you she can teleport you back."
"The school was attacked by at my best guess genetic crossbreed monsters and we 
have we guests."
A portal appears and after picking up Sho they all ran into the hole of light.

Authors Afterward: Well Data2 is finally over and Data 3 is already close to 
completion. I do promise that this will end by Data 6 and I do know what is 
going to happen. This is a first in that only half of this story was written 
down before being turned into a text file, the rest was slammed out in a bout of 
boredom, if my Grammar has suffered please tell me.
I only know of the GenSao's Archive of Tenchi FanFic so could some one tell me 
where else I can put this to read this.
I love to think I am popular so E-mail me with any comments. If you are going to 
say it sucked then please say why.
I am looking for some proof readers, If you want to be one please say so in your
E mail.

