Guyver Muyo (No need to be out of control)
Data 3
By Abrelle
Completed: 
Please send all E-mails and flames to: Abrelle@Yahoo.com
Disclaimer: I do not and never will own these characters; also I am 
in no way looking to make a profit. I would like to be more in dept 
with this disclaimer but I don't really know who owns half of these 
characters. Anyway it'll be very hard to sue me as most of my 
friends don't know where I live.

Authors Notes: At this rate I'll be finished in two weeks. The lacks 
of anything better to do as the rest of my new Tenchi videos are 
delivered causes me to find other hobbies and this being one it is 
getting more time. Plus the fact that I'm not due back to University 
until 25/1/99.

Washu waited patently as the group came through the portal before 
closing it down. Turning to the group of teenagers in front of her 
see did wonder what was so special about them.
"We better make sure he get medical attention Tetsuro." Said Tenchi 
helping to lift Sho onto one of Washu tables.
"I don't think that will be necessary Tenchi, the Guyver helps Sho to 
heal faster than normal." Replied Tetsuro.
"It doesn't hurt to check." Insisted Washu as she pushed through the 
crowd holding various instruments. "And you dear man." She said 
pointing at Tenchi. "Have a lot of explaining to do."
She clapped her hands together and then pointed towards the door. 
"Now everyone out."
Mizuki approached Washu, see had stopped being shocked all of ten 
minutes ago so the fact that they just teleported into an impossibly 
large lab with flouting objects and see through panels. "Can I stay 
with him please." She begged.
Washu looked the girl up and down and assuming that the girl was 
involved with Sho she allowed her to stay, while the rest flied out.

Ayeka was quite frankly shocked to see Tenchi coming out of Washu's 
lab with Ryoko on his arm, after all he wasn't due back from school 
for another hour or so. Being the heir to the throne of Jurai doesn't 
make a person stupid so with very little help she was able to come up 
with a most likely story of what happened.
"Ryoko! You we to Tenchi's school again and after what he told you." 
She screamed while walking up to the space pirate and standing in 
front of her.
"Now Ayeka don't get the wrong idea, Ryoko helped me defend the school 
from an attack." Defended Tenchi, static energy always tingled on the 
back of his neck when these two were about to fight.
"Attacked? Are you ok Tenchi?"

Then Tetsuro and Argito came out of Washu's lab talking between them 
selves. They walked passed the trio, as Tenchi explained what 
happened. The two walked out onto the porch to continue their 
conversation in private.
"So how did you find the third unit."
"I got it delivered to me, you see my knowledge of Zoanoids and 
Chronos stems from the fact that I work of them." Tetsuro looked 
shocked.
"You mean to say you work for those barbarians."
"Now hold on a minute Tetsuro, I don't say I liked what they did but 
you can't openly go against something that big."
"So what do you do?"
"I was the son of the former head of Chronos Japan but now he's been 
turned into a Zoanoid for his failures, I fill his shoes as it where. 
For example I organised the attack on the school." The truth is that 
Argito did see it coming but didn't dodge it as Tetsuro punched him 
in the face and Tetsuro is a big lad so there was a lot in that.
"You bastard." he screamed "People died today because of you."
Argito raised his arm in defence. "I had to Commander Guo was going 
to attack anyway and if I planed it I could help you. There was 
nothing I could do to stop it."
Tetsuro knew he was right but he needed a way to vent his anger, he 
turned away from Argito.
"Well it looks like we have new allies Argito."
"Yes it does and I wonder how Tenchi was able to hide this strange scenario from
everyone."
"Did you notice that the lab we were in was bigger than this house?"
"Well, were not out of the woods yet."

Inside the lab Washu was making some interesting discoveries.
"So Mizuki tell me what happened to him." The girl looked puzzled, 
Washu was already regretting only leaving her in the lab.
"Well I don't know the whole story because Sho and my brother..."
"Which one?"
"The fuller one."
"Carry on."
"...have been keeping this all a secret from me, but when Sho shouted 
Guyver this thing surrounded his body and he fought the monsters."
Washu looked back towards the boy, a parasite would explain his 
connection to a hidden 'Primal Energy' source. Primal Energy being a 
energy source used by a now extinct pre-galactic federation race. 
Unfortunately not even the Universes most brilliant scientist could 
figure out, now this boy could be the key to unlocking the most 
effective energy source in the Universe.
Sho came to in a start and quickly sat up right, a look of shock in his eyes.
"Where am I." Looking down to the Red Head "Who are you?"
She mealy smiled back. Mizuki introduced them. "Sho this is Washu and this is her lab, you're alright were far away from the school." Then she too turned to Washu. "We are far from the school aren't we?"
"Oh yes quite easily this lab is in another dimension but the door leads to Tenchi's house which is a good distance from the school, he keeps complaining about that."
"May I ask how old you are?" asked a still stunned Sho.
"20,000 years, give or take."
"And you always look this young?"
"No but it throws people off, gives me an advantage." A small alarm clock on Washu's desk started to bleep. She walked over to it and turned it off. "Time for dinner I believe, It's a good job Sasami spent all day making a large dinner, I expect you're quite hungry."
The two teenagers nodded and they all left the lab.

At the table everyone was introduced and people were filled in on what had happened for the last hour or so. Tetsuro still wasn't happy with Argito but he wasn't listening to and thing said. Nether was Sho in fact the two were talking through their newly discovered telepathic link.
<So you spent time in the forest training to use the Guyver.> asked Sho.
<Not at first I was as shocked as you but as a under cover spy I observed Lisger's (Guyver 2) actions and when you defeated him I decided that unlike you who learned to use the Guyver through fighting. I would train myself to use it and because Chronos didn't think the third Guyver unit was activate I had plenty of time.
<Could you teach me to use it?>
<Sure as were going to need you help soon.>
<Soon. How soon?>
<Tomorrow night at the earliest.>
<And you didn't think to tell anyone until after dinner.>
<Find you better or I will.>
<Miya!>
their was a telepathic pause.
<Was that you?> Asked Argito
<No, was it you?>
<No.>
"Miya!"
They both looked towards the Cabbit who was sat at the empty space next to a 
plate of carrots. Some how the creature has accessed the frequency at random.
<I doubt it will do that again.>

After dinner Argito called a meeting with the household and explained his 
position in Chronos. He explained what a Zoanoid was in simple terms and that it 
is likely that at least one of them saw Tenchi and an attack on the house would 
happen within the next few days, probably tomorrow night. Most were shocked and 
it took a few arguments to calm them but it was necessary. It was agreed that a 
stand would be made at the house, the fact that it was built on the lake meant 
it would be easier to defend.

Elsewhere Commander Guo looked angrily at the video wall in his office it was 
full of shots of the attack earlier that day. The one he focused on the most was 
that of the Dark Guyver. Up until now one Guyver was bad enough but two with 
their combined powers could pose a serious problem.
Now there were other problems in the form of these new allies that the Guyver 
had got. Guo couldn't be sure whether these were just at the school or brought 
with him.
He was pretty sure that the boy was human, but he didn't have a clue to what the 
girl was.
"We have a report on the boy in the pictures sir." Muttered Guo's assistant.
"And is he as I thought?"
"Yes sir, it appears that he is a student at the school, the name is Tenchi 
Masaki."
"Anything special about him?"
"Well he is a bit of a mystery, that night the 'great sayu' bridge was destroyed 
his house also appears to have exploded. He now lives in a house his father 
built by his family's shrine in the woods. Sir shall I prepare a assault on the 
boy house."
"No, I will plan this personally. I suspect that there will be more there that 
these four, I'm requesting support from some of our US branches. And I want to 
use the Enzyme Project."
"But sir the project is incomplete and that could affect its performance."
"No buts the attack will start after sunset tomorrow."

That night everyone's sleep was restless, the wait for the attack would have an 
unpleasant effect on the nerve of everyone in the Masaki household. Tetsuro and 
Mizuki slept in the last remaining spare room, however Sho and Argito had gone 
into the woods to train. They both summoned their armour and began by sparing 
with each other, It is very fortunate that the Guyvers were able to take the 
blows from one another. After a while the two broke off, satisfied that nether 
could gain a clear advantage over the other.
<Sho I know you can summon your blades so we will work on the other powers I've 
found the units posses.>
<Such as?>
<Okay, lets start with the head laser.>
<I can do that.> protested Sho
<Yes I know I saw you discover the power but can you do it whenever you want or 
when the unit's protecting you.> Sho had to agree with the argument as all of 
the powers he knew of came about by the armour using them to protect Sho.
Turning towards a tree Sho concentrated and aimed at the trunk and hit it 
squarely. Argito seeing a chance to teach his friends what his limits were 
stepped up beside him and began to use his laser to carve the word 'Guyver' into 
the trunk.
The training went on through the night until at sun rise the two agreed to go 
back to the house and Sho elected that they fly their so he could get used to 
his new powers.

As they approached the house they spotted Sasami sat on the porch reading her 
latest manga. They both touched down in front of the house and the noise of 
their landing drew Sasami's attention. She looked up and saw two monsters who 
appeared very menacing, she had never seen the Guyvers and knew an attack on the 
house was due tonight so she put two and two together and got three.
"AAAAAAARRRRRGHHHH!!!!!" she screamed as she quickly ran into the house crying.
"Their here, their here, HELP!"
Tenchi, Ryoko and Ayeka rushed downstairs to see two sheepishly looking students 
entering the front door. Sasami ran into Ayeka's arms crying.
"It's ok Sasami." Said Sho, kneeling down by the little girl. "You just saw us 
in the Guyver armour."
Ayeka shot angry looks at both of the boys, who both side stepped out of the 
room. Tenchi followed them to the living room where Argito bowed his head 
slightly.
"Sorry Tenchi for that, we were careless and should have realised that Sasami 
was so easily scared."
"That ok, to tell the truth she's seen horror far worse in her life time." He was instantly reminded of Sasami fate to become one with Tsunami effectively writing over her own soul. He cheered up slightly when he saw the looks on his guest's faces.
"Lets talk to Washu, I'm sure she can help with the defence.

Sho still couldn't get over the size of this place. Washu had explained what it 
was to him but the theory of Sub Space confused the high school student. Still 
he put on a brave face as he entered the lab. He had to admit that he loved the 
decorations, not what you expect from a high tech centre of science.
"Miss Washu, we came to see you as you asked." Proclaimed Tenchi as they entered 
through the subspace door.
Argito who was less easily shocked was surprise to see the door he had just came 
in through disappear. He waved his hand in the general area to check if it wasn't 
an illusion.
Washu was stood next to a table covered with various equipment; she appeared to 
be assembling something. Looking more closely it was quite clearly a gun of 
sorts. If they had been stood any closer they might have heard her humming to 
herself. "Washu..." it has been said "...is never more happy when she is making 
something." 
"What's that Washu?" Washu looked up at Tenchi with a small smile on her face; 
she noticed herself and corrected her manner to a more neutral state.
"This..." she said holding the gun in the air proudly "...is the Washu plasma 
gauss rifle (tm) boosting a fine selection ammo types and an effective range of 
2000 metres without the sniper extension."
All three were quite shocked by this, after all not many people have had sales 
pitches for firearms from a 20,000-year-old in a child's body.
"Now back to the matter at hand." She said laying down the weapon and looking up 
at Sho. "I'm sure Argito will be able to fill you in on the attack Tenchi, so 
could I borrow your friend here."
Sho was quite surprise but nothing wrong with the idea of examining the Guyver 
and agreed to it. Tenchi however couldn't help but feel sorry for Sho

With the map placed the table and a red marker in his hand Argito began to 
circle all of the places the Zoanoids could attack from. Ayeka looked puzzled at 
the map.
"Why don't they attack across the lake, if they are as strong as you say then 
they could easily do that?"
Argito looked across at the princess. "It really is simple, Tokyo doesn't have 
and water based Zoanoids. The Americans have only just developed them and there 
combat effectiveness is less than acceptable. No the attack will be through the 
woods Zoanoids are trained in the forests and it is second nature to them."
Argito eye saw something on the map that he hadn't seen before. 
"What is that building?" he said pointing at a small square on the map. Tenchi 
leaded over for a better view.
"That's grandpa's shrine." Then it dawned on him.
"You mean to say he lives this close and you never thought of telling him?"
"Well, I guess I kind of forgot." He tried to laugh to lighten the mood but it 
didn't work. "I'll go and see him then." He said getting up.

Backs in the lab Washu's probe were having difficulty in getting samples from 
the Guyver armour much to Sho's delight. The trouble was that any fragment of 
the Guyver managed to scrap off dissolved instantly. Even before she could set 
up a stasis field. To past the time Sho had been relating his misadventures to 
Washu who couldn't but help draw parallels between this boy and Tenchi. Both had 
had a hard life with the death of their mothers and their dads being out at all 
hours working. Then they both recently found a power they didn't have before. 
Both have had to protect their loved ones from death.
She shook her head, what kind of universe does this to people so young?
"So Washu tell me again about this 'Primal Energy'."
"Well it really is quite simple, there was a time before most of the galaxy was 
populated by space fairing races. During this time a race of unknown origins 
roamed the galaxy and it is believed that these creatures affected evolution on 
some planets. Anyway the point is that the left behind artefacts that worked by 
tapping into a power source that was never before seen, because these artefacts 
were of a biological nature and we could replicate it let alone control it, we 
called it Primal Energy"
Washu left her computer and wondered over to Sho and knocked on the armour with 
her knuckle.
"The strange thing is that once the parts of the suit leaves the body it returns 
to it point of origin, do you know where that is?"
"I'm sorry but I don't."
"Oh well I guest that you are a challenging subject. Strange material this 
armour is made of, it feels like bone but far stronger and quite flexible."

Tenchi hatred the way his Grandpa always knew when he was coming. These last few 
times he had tried to be quieter in his approach but he was always there at the 
door, waiting for him.
"What is it Tenchi?"
"Grandpa we need to talk."

Later after half an hour of explaining and drinking tea Tenchi finally managed 
to get all the facts across. Yosho's interruptions in questioning Tenchi's 
actions didn't help this.
"Get off your high horse Grandpa, you would have done the same thing."
Yosho remained quiet his arms folded and his eyes shut. It gave the impression 
that he either wasn't paying attention or he was asleep. Tenchi knew the moment 
he got up he would say something so he waited.
...
"So you need my help?"
"Yes Grandpa."
"Okay, It will take me a while to get ready, I will meet you at the house later 
today."

End Data 3

Authors Afterward: This data took far longer than expected as my computer was being upgraded, I was working on my web site, and after looking over certain scenes in the story I though were crap were re-written at a later date. My guess is that someone will spot these but I don't care.
With the current problems at GenSao's Archive of Tenchi FanFic I took it upon myself to make a page to put this story and other stuff on the web.
I can be found at:
http://www.abrelle.free-online.co.uk/ 
