Guyver Muyo (No need to be out of control)
Data 1
by Abrelle
Complete:29/12/98
Please send all E-mails and flames to: Abrelle@Yahoo.com
Disclaimer:
I do not and never will own these characters, also I am in no way looking to 
make a profit. I would like to be more in dept with this disclaimer but I don't
really know who owns half of these characters. Anyway it'll be very hard to sue 
me as most of my friends don't know where I live.
Authors Notes:
The reason my first Fan Fic is a cross over is that I don't know very 
much about Tenchi Muyo. I've just got the first OVA and being British (stiff
upper lip and all that) I've never seen the TV version and given the habit our
Television company bosses have this will remain the case, and secondly I don't
think anyone has done this before. The story it's self happen in the middle of
Guyver Data 4 and I have no idea where this is in the TM universe but my story
relies on the fact that Tenchi becomes as powerful as Yosho was in episode 5
(please note the words powerful and skilful are NOT the same). Unlike some FF's
this is designed to run only six parts and if I feel like it I may write a 
sequel. I'm also working on a Genocyber FF. 


It was a typical Japanese summer; the students were awaiting their summer 
vacation and above all spirits were high. Tenchi walked lazily down the stairs 
and strolled into the kitchen where he was meet by Sasami, she looked at him 
bright eyed.
"Did you finish all your homework Tenchi?"
"Well yes, I guess so" he managed before a yawn. "What's for breakfast?" 
Sasami looked guiltily at the floor.
"Well" she replied "I've been making everyone toast today because your dad 
wanted a big meal tonight and it'll take all day to prepare."
"Sasami" said Tenchi kneeling down to bring his eyes to the same level as the 
Jurain princess "you don't have to do that, after all your not a maid and we 
certainly can't afford to pay you."
"Thanks Tenchi, but I do like to do it honest."
"Ok, Sasami" said Tenchi putting his hand on her head, and looked over to his 
toast and cup of tea.
Later when he finished he said his goodbyes and left for school down the track 
to the bus stop. Already he could hear raised voices behind him and sighed.

Else where another troubled student was going to school. Sho had been involved
in a nightmarish adventure since Saturday when he found the Guyver unit. Since
then he has had to protect of those around him. Tetsuro was threatened by 
Zoanoids forcing Sho to fight Guyver 2. Only two days ago Mizuki was kidnapped 
and Sho fought Zerabubus, the biggest Zoanoid he had ever meet yet but the 
mysterious Guyver 3 killed it. Now Mizuki had spent the whole of yesterday in a 
fever and Tetsuro had to go home early to look after her so he wasn't surprised 
to see they weren't at the point they usually meet to go to school.

Back at the Maski household Washu was holding a meeting with the remaining 
residence. She wanted to show them her newest invention.
"Is that it?" asked Ryoko, angrily "I could be having a nap right now!"
"That just goes to show how primitive your mind is" answered Washu "this ladies 
is the is the mark 7 personal living accessory." Holding a small red ball. 
Looking at it she said "Unit 7, fork." And with that it changed into a fork. It 
still however appeared to be made of the same substance. The room was silent, 
Washu was disappointed, she had expected an applause so she continued the 
demonstration, a knife, spoon, some rope, and to top it off a Tenchi Action 
Figure.
"Wow Washu, can I try?" asked Sasami.
"Of course, anything you want" Washu then handed the 'thing' to Sasami.
"Unit 7, aeroplane" she said and it changed to a aeroplane which Sasami swooped 
in the are and waved in front of Ryo-ohki.
"So its shape can be any thing you want?" asked Aeka.
"Yeah like a weapon?" asked Ryoko.
"Well I guess so, as a weapon in it's self can be useful at times" replied Washu 
answering both of their questions.
"Okay, then how about..." muttered Sasami "Unit 7 laser gun"
Washu's eyes opened in terror.
"Everyone get down," she cried as she her self dived down. Everyone followed 
suit, the ball was flung into the air and as it hit the wall, it started to 
accelerate around the room until it earthed its self in the television. When the 
noise had settled down everyone looked around and got up.
"Just what happened Washu?" shouted Aeka, mere inches from the scientist's face.
"Its really quite simple, the chemicals of the unit tried to create a nuclear 
reaction, that in its self is dangerous. To be truthful were lucky it didn't 
explode." At first Aeka looked shocked and realised that was Washu's normal 
reaction and believed she wasn't listening any more. Aeka backed down and the 
red head picked up what was left of unit 7 and headed off to the lab. After a 
sigh she lead Sasami outside and Ryo-Ohki followed leaving Ryoko to wonder what 
to pass the rest of the day with out television.

On the 37th floor of a Tokyo high rise a tall man sat at a desk and in front of 
him stood (rather uncomfortably) a white-coated man, probably a doctor.
"So doctor, how fairs Mr Makushima."
"Commander Guo, as you recommended Mr Makushima is undergoing the Enzyme 
program."
"And what of our problems?"
"We still find that his acidic blood loses it potency in the air so liquid 
launchers are a problem to use."
Sort it out soon, there are others will try if you don't."
The doctor bowed and looked up again, Guo was starring directly at him, that's 
what disturbed him, the mans eyes were penetrating and unnerved him so he left 
quickly.
After he left Guo turned to Argito Makushima beside him.
"Argito how prepared are you for today's events?"
"Sir, I will personally watch over the events and Team Five are fully briefed."
"Very well, I expect it to be a success."
Argito bowed and made his exit, on his way out he passed Team Five in full 
battle gear.
"Are you ready?" asked Argito.
"Yeah how hard is it to destroy a school?" replied the leader.

End Data 1

Authors Afterward: Well next the attack on Tenchi's school begins and it will be 
the turning point in the Guyver plot.
I only know of a couple of Tenchi FanFic sites so could some one tell me 
where else I can put this to let people read this read this.
I love to think I am popular so E mail me with any comments.
