Hearts' Healing 2 - The Paths of Honor

A Ranma 1/2 - Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki FanFiction
By
D.F. Roeder

This and other fanfictions can be found at:
http://www.flash.net/~dfroeder/index.html

C&C very welcome. Respond to FFML or privately to:
dfroeder@flash.net

----- Continuity -----
This is a Ranma divergence fic, the divergence occurring at the 
beginning of the Ranma storyline, the day before the fateful trip 
to Jusenkyo at the end of the 10-year training trip.

This is also a continuation of the TM! OAV storyline, although 
the concentration will be on one character, with the remaining 
cast coming in as appropriate.

You will also have to have read "Hearts' Healing" and "Hearts' 
Healing Interlude - Wedding" for the events in this story to make 
much sense.

----- Acknowledgments -----
Many thanks and deep bows to Vince Seifert, without whose input 
the bulk of my work would've been far poorer.

----- Disclaimers -----
Ranma 1/2 and its characters are the property of Takahashi 
Rumiko, Shonen Sunday comics, Shogakukan, and Kitty TV (Japan) 
and Viz Communications (USA).

Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki is the property of Kajishima Masaki and 
AIC/Pioneer LDC.

This work of fiction is for free entertainment purposes only. No 
compensation has been or will be received.


====================

Part 1 - Storm Fronts

====================


[April 10, 1993]

Tendou Akane jerked awake as the train pulled into the station 
nearest her home. Her first year of college had been grueling, 
thus far, and she was only now getting the rhythm of studying, 
assignments, and classes into her system. After her one Saturday 
class this morning, she'd boarded the train and promptly dozed 
off. The frequent stops, however, kept her from going completely 
under and sleeping through her own stop. She wearily rose from 
her seat and debarked with a handful of other passengers, 
starting the twenty-minute walk to her house.

After about ten minutes, her head began to droop, and she fell 
into a light, trance-like state as she continued down the lane, a 
trance she was knocked out of as she ran into someone standing in 
the middle of the sidewalk. Akane backed up and blinked at the 
strange figure turning around in front of her.

"Hello. Could you help me find the Nerima clinic?"

Akane eyeballed the stranger. He wore leather shoes with very 
long laces that crisscrossed his shins over black pants. A faded 
and dusty yellow tunic, a black and yellow bandanna headband, a 
large pack, and a red umbrella completed his attire and gear.

<What a weirdo,> Akane thought before she answered. "The clinic's 
been closed for almost a year and a half. Gomen."

The stranger lowered his head, squeezed his eyes shut, clenched 
his fists, and shook. Akane backed up, and she eeped when the 
stranger whirled around and punched a hole through the stone 
wall. A sheet of water came down and drenched the stranger, and 
Akane looked up to see the resident blinking down at them.

"Gomen ne!" the resident called before disappearing from view. 
Akane turned her attention back to the weird stranger only to 
find him gone, except for his clothes and his gear. Akane blink-
blinked, but then noticed the clothes moving around. She backed 
up another step as the head of a black-furred animal poked out of 
the pile of clothes.

<How did THAT get there?> The animal pulled the rest of its body 
out of the clothing and sat down on its haunches. It raised a paw 
and licked it, then turned its head questioningly to Akane.

"Meowr?"

<What a cute cat! And someone's put a cute black and yellow 
bandanna around... its... neck?> "Oh, my god! The water!!" 
Memories of a similar scene with different results flashed 
through her mind. Akane backed up a few steps and then turned and 
ran as fast as she could to her home and, hopefully, safety.

The large black tomcat hung its head as it wandered off, looking 
for a source of warmer water.

     ~~~~~~~

The front door to the Tendou residence was slapped open and then 
slammed shut with a report like a gunshot. Everyone in the house 
ran into the foyer to see Akane with her back against the door, 
one hand on her chest, and huffing and puffing, a wild look in 
her eyes.

Kasumi stepped up and began fussing over her little sister.

"Akane-chan?" Soun asked. "Are you all right?"

Akane nodded twice in quick jerks.

"Something happen?" Kasumi asked.

Akane took a deep breath and let it out slowly, then said, "I... 
I just saw something really strange, and... and I guess it scared 
me." Genma's broad face and hanky'ed head loomed into her view.

"EEK!!!"

*POW!!!*

Genma twirled in place twice then hit the floor, unconscious.

"Who the HELL is THAT?!?!" Akane screeched.

Soun gathered Akane up in his arms and patted her on the back. 
"It's okay, it's okay. That's just an old friend of mine who'll 
be staying with us for a while. His name is Saotome Genma."

Akane sniffed. "Oh. I'm sorry, Daddy."

Soun chuckled. "Don't worry about him. He's the other master of 
Musabetsu Kakotou, and I'm sure he'll be fine. In fact, he'll 
probably be impressed that you were able to put him down."

Akane giggled. "Okay. That'll be nice, for a change." Akane 
stepped out of her father's embrace, looking down at their sturdy 
guest. "Do you think he'll spar with me?"

"I don't know, Akane-chan," Soun sighed. "He's not himself, these 
days. He lost track of his son a couple of years ago and has been 
searching ever since."

Akane looked at her father and put a hand up to her mouth. "Oh, 
no."

Soun nodded. "His son's name is Ranma, and Genma and I had 
arranged a marriage between one of you girls and him. Remember?"

Akane froze. <RANMA?! The *same* Ranma? Married to that... 
that...>

"Akane?" Kasumi asked, looking at the fearful recognition on her 
little sister's face. "Do you know this Ranma?"

Akane jerked her head in Kasumi's direction. "EH?! NO!! I mean, 
of course not. How silly! HAHA! I think I'll get a cup of tea. Do 
you have tea, Kasumi? Oh, of course you do. You *always* do. 
HAHA!" She staggered down the hall and into the kitchen.

In the foyer, Soun and Kasumi looked at each other and then back 
down the hall.

"What was that all about?" Soun wondered aloud.

The front door opened.

"Tadaima!" Tendou Nabiki stopped and looked at the strange man 
unconscious on the floor. She also took note of her father and 
older sister looking at her blankly and the sound of what must be 
Akane banging around in the kitchen.

"Oh, I can't *wait* to hear *this*," she remarked dryly.

     ~~~~~~~

The wooden duck nameplate on the door cast a long horizontal 
shadow from the light at the end of the hall. Kasumi paused and 
felt glad that her sisters were home for a day or two, but she 
then frowned slightly. A matter of family honor was at stake, and 
if Akane knew something, which Kasumi suspected from the way 
she'd behaved, then she was going to see that family honor was 
satisfied. She knocked on the door.

"Come in!"

Kasumi opened the door, stepped in, and closed it behind her. 
Akane was seated at her desk, sipping her tea. She smiled 
nervously at her older sister.

"Hi, Oneechan. What can I do for you?"

Kasumi walked over and sat down on the edge of Akane's bed. 
"Akane-chan, what do you know of Saotome-san's son?"

Akane started and then quickly took another sip of her tea. "Heh, 
nothing, Oneechan. Why do you ask?"

A sigh escaped Kasumi's lips. "Don't lie to me, Akane. I saw your 
face downstairs. Feel lucky that Father and Saotome-san aren't 
the ones asking you this."

Akane winced and set her tea down. "What you don't know won't 
hurt you, Kasumi." She looked at her sister with pleading eyes. 
"Can't we leave it at that?"

"It's a matter of family honor, Akane. I can't do that." Kasumi 
was being unusually firm, and Akane sighed and stared at her 
desktop, remembering. After a couple of moments, she spoke.

"I know this Ranma. He worked for Toufuu-sensei, remember?"

"So. I wondered if that was him. But I thought he was related to 
Toufuu. How do you know it's the same person?"

Akane looked at her with surprise. "You know, that hadn't 
occurred to me. Akane no baka." She shook her head. "Just as 
well. I would never want that freak in our family."

"Akane?!" Kasumi was shocked at her sister's words. "Why would 
you say that? I thought he was a very nice young man. A little 
uncultured, perhaps, but..." She trailed off at the strange look 
in Akane's eyes.

"When I said 'freak', I meant it. As in 'circus' or 'sideshow'."

"Akane!"

"Oneechan! He turned into a girl right before my eyes! You have 
no idea--"

"Oh, no!"

"Eh?"

"It *is* Saotome-san's son! The curse is REAL?!" Kasumi was wide-
eyed.

"Curse? What curse?" Akane blinked several times.

Kasumi slumped a little and was silent for a few seconds. 
"Saotome-san said that Ranma ran off after he fell into a pool at 
some kind of cursed training ground. I forget the name. It seems 
that when he's doused with cold water, his curse turns him into a 
girl. Hot water changes him back." She picked at her dress for a 
moment, and Akane went over in her mind what she'd seen; it fit. 
"I thought Saotome-san was just delirious or something." Kasumi 
looked back up at Akane. "You're sure?"

Akane nodded solemnly. "He was cleaning the steps to the clinic, 
and someone kicked his bucket all over him, and he... she..."

"You couldn't have been mistaken?"

"No! Even his hair changed color! It was bright red! And his... 
her boobs were bigger than mine, maybe even Nabiki's!"

A hand went to a mouth. "Oh, dear!"

Akane gave her sister a grim look. "Now do you see why I didn't 
say anything?"

Kasumi dithered for a moment. "Still, Akane. There is Father's 
pledge to--"

"Look, Kasumi." Akane turned in her chair and leaned forward, 
putting her elbows on her knees and clasping her hands. "I will 
have absolutely nothing to do with an arranged marriage to... 
'him'. Nabiki won't care a lick about family honor when it comes 
to this. What does that leave us with? You!" Kasumi started.

"Are you willing to marry a man who turns into a girl, maybe 
prettier than you... probably at the most awkward of times? Is 
family honor worth that?" Akane sat up and leaned back into her 
chair. She sighed; Kasumi was obviously upset, but it couldn't be 
helped. "Think this through carefully, Oneechan, before you go 
talking to Daddy."

"I don't like lying to Father." Kasumi's head was down.

"Argh! Then don't! Like I said before, what he doesn't know isn't 
going to hurt him."

Kasumi gave Akane a hurt look. "Well... I don't know..."

"Tell him and you're marrying Ranma." Akane considered and 
decided on shock therapy. "Unless your taste runs to boys *and* 
girls."

"Akane!! It does not!"

"They'd better... if you decide to tell Daddy. Ranma probably 
wouldn't be happy if you didn't want to touch him 'that way' when 
he's a girl, and *she'll* be the man in the relationship."

Kasumi started shaking when that realization sank in. Akane's 
expression softened. "Don't worry, Oneechan. In this case, family 
honor will be better served by keeping this secret." She tipped 
her chair back and pounded on the wall she shared with her other 
sister. "NE, ONEECHAN?!" The front of her chair hit the floor, 
and she smirked at Kasumi.

Kasumi giggled. "You're *awful*, Imouto-chan."

"I just know my sister." Pause. "So?"

"Very well." Kasumi looked relieved and guilty at the same time. 
"You've more than made your case." She looked pointedly at Akane 
as she stood. "Father stays in the dark." She stepped over to the 
wall and rapped on it. "Ne, Nabiki-chan?"

Akane burst into laughter, and Kasumi smiled as she left the 
room.

     ~~~~~~~

Nabiki had jumped when Akane beat on their shared wall, and she 
was chagrined when Kasumi knocked on it. She took her headphones 
off and laid them in her lap. <Wow! That was a bombshell and a 
half!> She tapped her finger against her chin and frowned. 
Something about this whole situation reeked of money, but for the 
life of her, she couldn't think of any way to profit from it 
without putting herself in the hot seat, and she had no desire to 
marry such a person. Akane would tear the house down before doing 
it. That left Kasumi, and regardless of how she felt about most 
people, Nabiki would be damned before putting Kasumi in *that* 
situation. In Nabiki's rather draconian sense of fairness, she 
*owed* Kasumi in ways that couldn't easily be repaid. She 
chuckled as she realized that for once, her naive little sister 
had the full measure of something.

____________________


[July 31, 2003]

The room with four desks was largely deserted this early on a 
Thursday morning, and only the woman with the copper-colored hair 
salted with gray was present, sitting in a visitor's chair while 
she waited. She wore a light lavender kimono with an oblong 
bundle strapped to her back and stared sadly at the worn wood on 
her side of the desktop. An old oscillating fan ticked in the 
background as it panned back and forth, doing little to alleviate 
the sapping heat of the room.

A man walked in from an adjacent office, the immense folds of his 
body pushing at his white shirt.

"Gomen, Saotome-san," he said thickly. "The Saotome registry had 
been misplaced, but I scouted around and found it."

"Arigatou, Futotta-san."

The obese Futotta grunted as he sat heavily in the squeaky office 
chair. He opened the folder carefully and scanned the contents. 
"Very well. How long have your husband and son been missing 
without word?"

Saotome Nodoka bowed her head slightly. "Well... I haven't seen 
them for twenty-two years, and I stopped receiving postcards 
twelve years ago," she said softly.

Futotta looked at her with compassion. "My condolences, Saotome-
san. It cannot have been an easy time."

She smiled at him with little warmth but some gratitude.

He shook himself. "Right. You've gone through the necessary 
procedures? Hired a detective first?"

"Hai. They were last known to have been in China."

The clerk nodded knowingly. "I see. China is often uncooperative 
in these matters. A pity." He looked down at the last few entries 
in the register. "Your husband's name?"

"Genma."

"Yes." He looked up. "What I'm entering is that he is missing and 
presumed dead. Does this meet with your approval?"

Nodoka sketched a nod.

"Your son's name?"

"Ranma." Nodoka steeled herself; she would not cry in front of a 
relative stranger.

Futotta looked at the list and said nothing for several moments, 
and then he flicked a glance at the woman across from him. "Ah... 
Saotome-san?"

"What?" she said disinterestedly, still staring at the surface of 
the desk.

"It, ah, seems that a Saotome Ranma was removed from the Saotome 
registry and transferred to another." He licked his lips; this 
could be unpleasant.

The Saotome matriarch blinked at the clerk in confusion. "I beg 
your pardon?"

"Heh, ah, on October 11, 1992, a Saotome Ranma was transferred 
off of the Saotome register onto the, ah... the, ah... hmmm. It's 
not there. Damn sloppy, but it's just not there."

Futotta hadn't been aware as Nodoka slowly rose to her feet and 
leaned over the desk at him. He looked up and found himself about 
30 centimeters from a wet face with big doe eyes. It scared him 
more than any yelling or screaming.

"I... I... Su-surely yo-yo-you're mi-mistaken?" she querulously 
stammered.

"Errr, no, I don't think so."

Nodoka's features hardened. "That shouldn't have been allowed 
without my or my husband's consent," she said quietly.

The clerk gulped and looked at the date of transfer and Ranma's 
date of birth. "Ah, he would've been eighteen at the time. He, 
ah, wouldn't have, ah, needed it?" He smiled weakly.

Nodoka leaned a little closer. "I suggest you find out to which 
register he was transferred." She then smiled at him sunnily. 
"Ne?"

Futotta nodded dumbly and quickly shuffled through the papers. 
Not finding what he was looking for, he began to sweat. He went 
back through the papers and stopped at a largely blank piece of 
paper with a date and a name that he'd passed over before: the 
date was the same as that of the transfer. He silently thanked 
Kami-sama before speaking.

"I, I really must apologize, Saotome-sama, but there's no listing 
of which family register he was transferred to, BUT, er, but, I 
did find a dated name that matches the date of the transfer. 
Would you like a copy?" <Of course she would, idiot!> He smiled 
in utter obsequiousness. This sort of thing cost clerks their 
jobs.

Still holding her smile, Nodoka merely widened her eyes 
fractionally.

"Ah. Yes." Futotta stood and scurried into the other room, and 
the sound of a copy machine briefly came from the doorway. The 
clerk scurried back in and handed Nodoka the copy. "I, I 
sincerely hope you find him, Saotome-sama."

Nodoka bowed and left the sweating clerk. After she'd gone, he 
took in a deep breath. "Damn, she was scary and weird." He opened 
the right bottom drawer of his desk and pulled out a fresh dress 
shirt. "This job just doesn't pay, some days..."

     ~~~~~~~

Keeping her face immobile, Nodoka managed to get to the ground-
floor ladies' room, enter an unused stall, and sit down. Tears 
began rushing down her face, and her expression was a mixture of 
anger, relief, and joy. <He's ALIVE!! Ranma's ALIVE! Oh, dear 
Kami-sama, thank you!> She tore off some toilet tissue and dabbed 
at her face. <Somehow, Genma, you're at the center of this. I 
*will* have satisfaction, husband!> After a few minutes, she 
looked at the piece of paper the clerk gave her, still in her 
hand. <Ono Reiko...>

A half-hour later, composed but hardly calm, she left the 
building. 

____________________


[August 4, 2003]

Hakubi Ryouko lay on a sofa, desultorily flicking through 
channels via the remote control. It was her day off, and she 
fully intended to laze it away. She stopped for a moment on a 
subtitled foreign soap opera, the drama revolving around the 
doctors, nurses, and sundry other persons present in a hospital. 
Ryouko grinned as she watched a buxom young nurse corner a 
handsome young doctor in an unused patient room. Her cat-like 
eyes flashed as clothes began hitting the floor and the screen 
faded to black. She thumbed the off switch and lay back on the 
sofa.

<THAT will never happen! I've seen to that.> Ryouko stretched out 
on the cushions, remembering Ranma's reaction when she'd dropped 
her bomb a couple of years back...


"Ranma... Dear... I want to be a nurse."

Ranma's chopsticks spun out of his hand, and he gagged on a piece 
of food halfway down his throat. Ryouko, Ranma, and Toufuu were 
sitting at dinner, a dinner *she* had cooked, and everyone was 
enjoying it. Ranma coughed a couple of times, freeing the 
obstruction. Toufuu, having foreknowledge of this talk through 
Ryouko's questions, continued eating and watched with no little 
amusement.

"Eh?!" *cough, cough*

"You heard me. I said I want to be a nurse. Well, *your* nurse."

Ranma scratched his head and looked at his wife blankly. "Um..."

"You decided to be a family doctor a while back, ne?"

Ranma nodded, not sure where this was going.

"Well, you were also talking to Otousan about hiring a nurse when 
you start your practice. Well... *I* want to be your nurse!" 
Ryouko adamantly crossed her arms.

Ranma looked to Toufuu, but he just calmly ate, occasionally 
looking up at the couple. Ranma rubbed his face as he turned back 
to his wife.

"Ooo-kaaay. What brought this on? A nursing degree will take at 
least two years of school, and that's only if you work hard. 
You've never shown much, ah, enthusiasm for school. Remember how 
you went on and on when I asked if you wanted to take that 
Chinese language course with me?"

Ryouko's eyes were smoldering. "I've seen those little cutesy 
student nurses ogling you when you're walking around the campus 
or the hospital. AND I've seen what they ogle when you're walking 
away from them. They're lucky I don't raze the entire campus to 
the ground, and I could, too! THERE-fore, if you think for one 
minute I'm going to let you hire some little floozy in a white 
smock, you've got--"

"GAH! Ryouko-chan! I can't believe you're gettin' jealous over a 
bunch of little, very young, uh, man-crazy, er, um... ...!"

"SEE?! You *men* are all the same." Ryouko sniffed and turned her 
head.

Ranma was now building a good head of steam. "I am NOT like 
that!"

"Hmph!" Ryouko kept her head turned.

"CHIKUSHO, WOMAN!! I'm half-girl, you know! If you... don't... 
believe..." Ranma blink-blinked and then put his face in his 
hands. "I can't believe I just said that," he mumbled.

Toufuu spat out his food and started roaring in laughter. The 
corners of Ryouko's mouth quivered, and she quickly joined her 
father-in-law. Ranma peeked between his fingers and sighed. "My 
family's laughing at me. Oh, woe is me!"

That brought on a fresh set of howls from the other two. Ranma 
put his hands down to reveal a crooked grin, and he joined in the 
merriment.


Ryouko adjusted the cushion behind her head and snickered. Ranma 
had thought that it was just a phase she was going through. Was 
he ever surprised when she came home fully registered for school. 
Washuu had done a little creative record forgery, and Voila! 
Instant nursing student.

Ranma had sat her down, then, and told her he was proud of her. 
Ryouko hugged herself as she lay in the den, smiling at the 
ceiling. Then he told her what she would be doing, and Ryouko's 
glow diminished.

The cadavers were the worst; she'd never had to just stand and 
*look* at a dead person like that before. She shivered in memory, 
and then dryly chuckled at the irony of it. Here she was, a being 
that had killed hundreds of thousands, perhaps millions, while 
under her master's control, and now the steady sight of a dead 
body sent her reeling. <A kind of justice, after all. Ne, Kagato, 
you bastard?> She wrenched her thoughts away from the beast.

After some nervous difficulty, and the cadavers notwithstanding, 
she'd found that she enjoyed chatting with patients while taking 
their temperature, giving them their pills, or whatever the chart 
said to do. Aeka couldn't believe she'd gotten high interpersonal 
communication marks. Aeka then laughed when she found out that 
her old rival had squeezed a few wrists to black bruises when 
first learning to take a pulse rate. <Oh, well. Can't be perfect 
all the time,> she smirked to herself.

Ryouko sighed in contemplation. <And now my graduation and the 
end of Ranma's residency are only two weeks off-->

The front door opened and slammed shut, and a string of mumbles 
preceded the entrance of a petite redhead in a baggy shirt but 
relatively dry pants and shoes. She stopped, blinked at Ryouko, 
and then threw her hands into the air.

"WHAT is it with little old ladies and LADLES?! ARGH!! They MUST 
be part of a school of martial arts water attacks or something!"

Ranma stomped over and plopped down on the couch next to her 
wife. Ryouko was snickering, and Ranma crossed her arms under her 
breasts and mock-glared. "Oh, hush, you!"

Before Ranma could react, Ryouko had picked her up off the couch 
and sat her on her lap. "Ack!" Ranma struggled weakly and in 
vain. "Okay! You win, you win!"

Ryouko turned her head to fully look at her, and she leveled a 
steamy gaze at the smaller woman. "Who said anything about a 
contest?" she purred.

Ranma's eyes grew large and her mouth made a small 'o', an 'o' 
Ryouko moved quickly to capitalize on with her lips. They kissed 
fervently for a couple of minutes, and then Ryouko started 
snaking her hand up Ranma's pant leg.

     ~~~~~~~

>From his ground-floor study in the back of the house, Ono Toufuu 
entered the kitchen of the home he shared with his small family. 
As he filled a kettle from the tap, he looked out the window at 
the car he'd recently purchased. He smirked as he recalled 
another time a rather dented vehicle had sat in the driveway and 
the amazing chain of events that had been put into motion on that 
night, years ago.

Toufuu put the kettle on the stove and turned on the heat. 
Wondering if his adopted son had made it home yet, he strode 
towards the entry to the den. He set one foot inside the den, 
took a mental snapshot, <"Urk!">, spun on that foot, and returned 
to the kitchen.

Sitting at the table and waiting for the kettle to boil, Toufuu 
couldn't stop mentally replaying what he'd just seen. His 
currently-female son and daughter-in-law were, ah, getting rather 
intimate. He tried and failed to immediately dismiss the image of 
Ranma-chan moving her lower torso against Ryouko's invading... 
<Argh! Nevermind!>

A familiar fluttering sound echoed softly from the den, and 
Toufuu rose and looked into the room. They were gone, and he 
smiled when he heard the floorboards creak upstairs.

<It's been a little while since Ranma was female during their 
'fun'.> He smiled in gladness. Early in their relationship, 
Ryouko had somehow managed to convince Ranma that she wanted to 
be with him and, perhaps as importantly, desired him, regardless 
of his gender. And when he was with her, Ranma let go of all the 
masculine nonsense he still tended to demonstrate from time to 
time. With Ryouko, he let all that fall away and just was what he 
or she was at that precise moment.

<A rare thing, although I don't think Ryouko has quite talked him 
into letting her use her gender ring,> Toufuu concluded. <Now, if 
I can just get a moment, I have some news...>

     ~~~~~~~

An hour later, Toufuu knocked on the door belonging to the room 
of his son and his son's wife. He could faintly hear the rustling 
of bed sheets.

"Come in!" onna-Ranma called.

Wiping the smirk off of his face, Toufuu opened the door and 
stuck his head in. Ranma and Ryouko were laying side by side, the 
covers pulled up to their chins, and Toufuu's smirk returned as 
he took note of the afterglow on their faces.

"Hey, you two. When you're able," Ranma and Ryouko blushed, "come 
downstairs. We need to talk about some things."

"Nothing serious, is it?" Ryouko asked, her concern mirroring 
Ranma's.

"No, no." He waved his hand up and down at them. "Just come 
downstairs. I'll put on a fresh bottom-- ERRR, *pot* of tea."

Toufuu could be heard chortling as he walked back down the 
stairs, and the two women went from pink to red.

     ~~~~~~~

Clothed but still disheveled, Ranma and Ryouko padded down the 
staircase and into the den, and Toufuu put his tea down and 
poured two more cups. Ryouko picked hers up first, blew on the 
top, and took a noisy sip.

"Aaah! Just the thing after-- ITE!"

Ranma pulled her hand back from pinching her wife on the arm and 
gave her a look. "Be polite."

Ryouko rolled her eyes. "Sometimes, you are such a *princess*, 
Ranma-chan."

The 'princess' thought about that for a couple of seconds and 
then smiled merrily at Ryouko. "Thanks!" She held out her hand, 
slightly bent at the wrist. "You may kiss my ring."

Ryouko mock-growled, but before their play could, once again, get 
out of hand, Toufuu chuckled and said, "Right. On to business..."

Ryouko gave Ranma a quick red-eye and then paid attention to her 
father-in-law. Ranma smirked and then gave Toufuu her attention, 
as well.

Toufuu crossed his arms across his chest and regarded the two 
sitting opposite him. "Have you decided where you're going to set 
up a practice, Ranma?"

Leaning back against Ryouko, Ranma thought for a moment. Ryouko 
put her arm around her, and Ranma snuggled in a little closer.

"Well," Ranma began, "I had always supposed I would check the 
list of vacancies or the want-ads and see who needed an 
assistant, but I hadn't planned on doing that until Ryouko and I 
got back from a little vacation after school is finally over and 
done with. Has someone approached you about me?"

"Not exactly," Toufuu dithered.

Ranma quirked an eyebrow.

Toufuu nodded. "Tokyo is always growing, as are the districts 
that make it up... including Nerima."

Ranma tensed, but Toufuu continued on.

"As you know, the building that housed my clinic is owned by the 
Ono clan and has been rented out now and again, for various 
purposes, although it stands empty at the moment. Mother has 
*suddenly*," he pointedly emphasized, "expressed some interest in 
seeing it reopen." He paused. "It would mean you could have your 
own practice from the start."

"Wow! That's great, Ranma! Your own... place..." Ryouko trailed 
off when she noticed that Ranma had shrunk against her. "Ranma?"

No one said anything for several moments as Ranma simply stared 
into space. Eventually, she shook herself out of her state and 
looked up at her wife's puzzled face.

"Ryouko-chan, there's a lot that we've never gotten to know about 
one another. Oh, the big stuff has all been covered, but some of 
the details that go along with it... There just hasn't been quite 
enough time over the last five years, what with school and all."

She sighed and looked at Toufuu while continuing to talk to 
Ryouko. "My biological father... Oyaji, the one I left behind in 
China. An old friend of his, another master of Musabetsu Kakutou, 
if I remember correctly, lives very near to Otousan's old clinic. 
It could be a problem if Oyaji checks in and finds me there. I 
just don't know--"

"Ranma," Toufuu interrupted, "you know that your obligations to 
him ended when you took yourself off the Saotome family register. 
He can bluster all he likes, but it won't change anything."

Ranma eyed Toufuu. "And bluster he will." Ranma worried her 
fingernail between her teeth for a moment. 

Sighing and frowning, Toufuu nodded and observed the steam rising 
from his tea, wondering if the whole idea was worth pursuing.

"I haven't said no, just yet," Ranma smirked at her father. 
Toufuu looked up in surprise. "There is the possibility of some 
stuff happening there, I guess, but it's also a special place, 
too. We found each other there, ne?"
 
Toufuu and Ranma shared a warm smile.

"Also," she continued, "the idea of my own practice is *very* 
enticing." She looked back to Ryouko. "I want to talk it over 
with tall, cute, and spiky first, though."

Ryouko arched an eyebrow. "Yeah, and I think there's more 
storytelling to be done, especially about your time in Nerima."

"Hai." Ranma stood and pulled her wife to her feet, flashing a 
quick grin to Toufuu, who responded in kind. "Let's all hit the 
kitchen. I'm starved!"

Toufuu laughed, and Ryouko rolled her eyes, amazed at the 
bottomless pit she'd married.
____________________


[August 19, 2003]

The house was not large, but neither was it small. It was built 
in the traditional manner, and an artfully landscaped Japanese 
garden screened the home from the view of casual passers-by. 
Nodoka admired the care that showed in the precision trimming and 
immaculate attention to detail. The gardener obviously loved her 
work. She gathered herself and continued down the winding walk to 
the front door of the dwelling. Firmly knocking twice, she 
waited.

The door slid open, and Nodoka blinked and looked down at a 
diminutive elderly woman.

"Hai?" <Kami! She looks just like her,> the woman thought.

"Ano... Ono Reiko-san?"

"Hai."

"I am--"

"Ranma's mother, no doubt. Please, come in." The Ono matriarch 
stepped aside and allowed a nervous Nodoka into her home. After 
shutting the door, she led Nodoka to the tearoom and bade her 
sit. Nodoka seated herself, laying her long bundle against the 
table, as Reiko fetched tea.

Nodoka looked about the room while her host was in the kitchen, 
but pictures of several men and a handful of women on a low 
bureau against one wall caught her eye. She spent a moment 
studying the photo of a girl, and she marveled at the fiery red 
hair. Something nagged at her about the person in the picture, 
but she dismissed it. There was another photo of a youngish man 
standing next to a teenager, maybe just into adulthood. They wore 
matching charcoal-colored gis, and the younger held his hand out 
in a victory sign.

"A good-looking family, if I do say so myself."

Nodoka turned to see Ono Reiko watching her. "Yes, very, Ono-
san."

"Please... Reiko." She set the tea tray down and knelt across the 
low table from her guest.

Nodoka inclined her head. "Nodoka."

After Reiko had served Nodoka and herself, Nodoka said, "How did 
you know I was Ranma's mother?"

Reiko's eyes glinted as she smiled. "The Ono clan is not 
overlarge. When a private detective comes around asking certain 
kinds of questions, it was fairly easy to put two and two 
together." She looked over at her photographs. "Besides, my son 
anticipated this, although I expect he said nothing to Ranma 
about it."

Nodoka concentrated on keeping herself calm. "I see. Your son?"

"Toufuu." Reiko turned back to Nodoka to gauge her reaction. 
"Ranma's adoptive father."

Nodoka noticeably stiffened, but she slowly relaxed.

<She's a cool one,> Reiko thought.

"Ono Ranma," Nodoka whispered.

"At that time, yes."

"Nani?"

Reiko sighed and wondered how much she should say. This was 
information that should come from Nodoka's son, but still... She 
had no idea how she would've comported herself if Toufuu had gone 
missing for so many years.

"How old was Ranma when you last saw him?"

Nodoka lowered her eyes. "Six."

"Oh, my poor dear. And now this. What has your husband to say for 
himself?"

Nodoka's eyes hardened to steel. "I have... yet to see my 
husband. I had thought him and my son dead twelve years, but 
now..." She looked at Reiko. "There is much to answer for." She 
gripped her oblong bundle, and the Ono matriarch hazarded a 
mental guess as to what it was. She didn't envy Ranma's father 
one ounce. Reiko shook her head.

"There is much to Ranma's tale that I do not know, and it's clear 
he carries a deep and hidden pain in him." She momentarily 
considered her next words. "He is fortunate to have such a loving 
wife."

Nodoka started. "A... a... He's married?" she hollowly said.

"For five years, now. Which is why he is no longer 'Ono' Ranma. 
He took his wife's name."

Nodoka deflated and stared at the table. <Two names removed. Oh, 
Ranma...> She began to quiver lightly. <Oh, no! The arrangement 
with the Tendous!> Reiko sadly looked on.

After a brief period, Nodoka regained something of her center. 
"What... what's his name, now?"

Reiko's face grew a little grim. "As much as I wish to see you 
reconciled with Ranma, there were... *are* some concerns that 
your son has and that my son has passed on to me. I don't pretend 
to understand their full nature, but I do understand that already 
I have probably said more than was desired of me."

"Ono-san!" A deep welling of despair finally shattered Nodoka's 
iron hold on her composure, and wet tracks began to form and 
widen on her desperate face. "He's my... my... *choke* SON!! 
Onegai!"

Reiko closed her eyes and held one hand up, palm out. Surprised, 
Nodoka managed to contain her outburst. Reiko put her arm down 
and opened her eyes, the look one of extreme sympathy and 
compassion.

"I did not say I would obstruct you, but I am not the one to be 
discussing this with you. I will send you to my son. He has the 
better measure of things and can speak to you of matters which I 
cannot."

Nodoka dabbed at her eyes with a kerchief she'd pulled from the 
sleeve of her kimono. She bowed to Reiko. "Gomen nasai, Ono-san. 
My outburst was rude, and I--"

"Nonsense! That you've held up as well as you have speaks very 
well of you. I am just sorry I am not at liberty to help you 
more."

Nodoka smiled at her host. "Arigatou, Ono-san." She looked over 
at the photographs. "Is one of these gentlemen your son, 
perhaps?"

<Clever woman!> Reiko smirked to herself before she rose and 
fetched the photo of the two men standing next to each other. She 
sat next to Nodoka and pointed to the older man in the picture. 
"That's Toufuu."

"And the other?"

Reiko fought to keep from smiling too much. "Mmmm, that's Ranma-
chan."

Nodoka smiled her gratitude and studied the picture. She ran a 
finger over his form. "He's quite handsome, isn't he?"

A loud cackle echoed through the house. "You don't know the half 
of it, Nodoka-san! Hee-heeeee! Poor Ranma-chan was chased from 
one class to another during his first couple of years at 
university, then when he married Ryouko-chan, a wail went up from 
the young ladies to wake the dead. HAHAHAheeheeeee! Yes, your son 
was quite sought-after, and I don't know, but I don't think he 
ever went out on more than a handful of dates with other women 
before getting married."

Nodoka smiled happily, thankful for even this small window into 
her son's life. "This Ryouko must be quite the charmer. Do you 
have a picture?"

The Ono matriarch wiped the tears from her eyes, still chuckling. 
"Charmer? Tell me, Nodoka-san, do you consider yourself a 
traditional woman?"

A little confused at the question, Nodoka nodded.

"Heh! Well, prepare yourself. Ryouko is not." Reiko burst out 
into a fresh spate of laughter, but Nodoka frowned ever so 
slightly. This wasn't lost on her host.

"Don't get the wrong idea! Ryouko-chan is a lovely child, but she 
is, ah, hmmm, quite, er, independently-minded. Heh, I think 
that's what attracted Ranma-chan to her in the first place. He 
really had no use for most of the girls he met at school. Then he 
comes up with this 'wild as a March hare' girl for a wife. Whew! 
Heh, heh. Oh, well. She has good hips, for her build. That counts 
for something."

Nodoka shook her head. "Do you have a picture of her?"

"HA! Yes, I do, but it'll probably give you the wrong 
impression." Reiko opened one of the doors to the bureau and 
pulled out a pile of photographs. She shuffled through them 
until: "Ah ha! One of my late husband's sister's children, quite 
the prankster, caught them a little red-handed when they were 
courting. Nothing dirty. Here. Darn kids still haven't sent me a 
set of wedding photos. It was lovely."

Nodoka gasped, feeling a little warm. "My... isn't she... 
limber?" <Can someone really bend like that? Interesting hair 
and... ears. Oh, my.>

____________________


[December 24, 1999]

Kasumi walked into the hall leading to the foyer of the house, 
moving to greet the arrival.

"Tadaima!" Nabiki shucked her snow boots and then embraced her 
sister.

"It's good to see you, Nabiki," Kasumi said as she hugged back.

"It's good to be home, too."

The two women separated, and Kasumi gave her sister a steady 
look. "You should come home more often, you know."

Nabiki winced as she hung her coat on a nearby hook, and she and 
Kasumi walked back down the hall to the kitchen.

"I try, but the firm keeps me really busy, Oneechan." She 
squeezed Kasumi's hand and smiled. "I'll try harder in future."

"Thank you," Kasumi said and smiled as they entered the kitchen. 
"Father misses you and Akane terribly."

Nabiki shook her head as she spied a cup of still-hot tea 
apparently waiting for her. She picked it up and sipped. "Is 
Akane here, yet?"

"Yes. She's up in her room, putting her things away."

Nabiki nodded while sipping, her eyes becoming distant. "The 
three of us need to meet... privately."

Kasumi turned her gaze from the bubbling pot on the stove and 
arched an eyebrow. "Oh? What about?"

"An old matter of family honor," Nabiki said quietly.

     ~~~~~~~

"What's going on, Oneechan?" Akane asked, sitting cross-legged on 
the floor of Kasumi's room.

Nabiki smirked inwardly. <Ever the tomboy, Akane?> After their 
father and Genma had drunk themselves into a Christmas Eve 
stupor, the three Tendou women had gathered in Kasumi's bedroom 
to hear what Nabiki had to say. Nabiki set her cup and saucer on 
Kasumi's vanity and regarded her siblings.

"I found Saotome-san's son."

The room was very quiet as the other two pondered the 
implications of Nabiki's revelation.

"I don't intend for us to act on this information, but since it 
*does* concern us, I thought that the two of you would like to 
know."

Akane was as still as a statue, memories flashing through her 
mind. She had come, over the intervening years, to the conclusion 
that her earlier opinion of Ranma was poorly considered. She 
couldn't imagine what having such a curse would do to someone. 
Pity had taken the place of revulsion as she'd occasionally 
considered the young man she'd met when her life had been less 
stable and she'd been quicker to judge.

Kasumi had, on the other hand, taken a deep breath and let it out 
slowly. "Okay. Tell us."

Nabiki nodded curtly and retrieved her tea for a brief sip. 
"After Akane-chan's little revelation some years back--"

"Ah ha! You *were* eavesdropping!"

Nabiki grimaced. "That was another life ago, Sis."

Akane just sat there, looking smug. Nabiki rolled her eyes and 
continued.

"Anyway, after that, I started setting some people into motion in 
order to do a little discreet poking around. Nothing serious. 
More a pastime than anything else.

"I got a hit about two weeks ago. Frankly, I'd completely 
forgotten about the whole thing, but one of my old factors called 
me up and gave me the info, more for old-times' sake, I guess, 
than for any money." She stopped for another sip.

"Why did you quit? Or did it get to be more than you could 
handle?" Akane smirked.

Nabiki looked at her humorlessly. "Information is like a drug, 
Akane. I was losing myself." She then waved nonchalantly. 
"Besides, I don't have time for that kind of thing, anymore, nor 
do I need it to make money."

"Gomen ne, Oneechan." Akane hung her head.

"That's okay. I guess I do kinda deserve it... We're getting off 
the subject--"

"Yes, we are," Kasumi said with a little impatience. The other 
two looked at her in surprise.

"Uh, yeah. Where was I? Oh, I hadn't really started. Ahem, my old 
factor called me up. He didn't have much, but it was child's play 
once I had a point of departure. It seems that about a year 
before Father's friend showed up, a certain Saotome Ranma was 
removed from the Saotome family register. I'll bet the old fart 
doesn't even know *that*."

Kasumi gasped, and Akane looked concerned and said, "Probably 
not. Otherwise..."

"Exactly. Guess which family register he was moved to?"

Akane blinked, but Kasumi nodded. "Ono."

"Right. It seems Toufuu-sensei adopted him as his son."

"Sooner or later someone will have to list him as missing, if 
they don't know what has happened to him. It will all come out, 
then."

Some teeth showed in Nabiki's smile. "I have... handled that. It 
shouldn't be a problem." <*If* anyone goes looking, they'll find 
the transfer notice, but not to which family he was 
transferred... I hope.>

"Er, how did you do that?" Akane asked.

"Don't ask."

"Oh."

"So where is he now?" Kasumi asked.

"Ah! That's where it gets interesting," Nabiki said. "It seems 
Ranma-san is following in his adopted father's footsteps. After a 
couple of years of hard tutoring, he entered Okayama City 
University for two years of general study, and then medical 
school--"

"A doctor! Sugoi!" Kasumi tittered. She had often dreamed of 
being a doctor, and knowing that the nice boy who'd worked in 
Toufuu's office was doing so well for himself pleased her 
immensely.

Akane was simply stunned. "Gosh!" <Maybe I *was* too hard on 
him.>

"Oh, and that's not the best part."

"Eh?!" Kasumi and Akane said together.

"This should put your minds at rest. He was married last year."

Nabiki expected the disappointment on Kasumi's face. In spite of 
her decision to keep their father in the dark, Kasumi was lonely, 
and Nabiki didn't think the relative age of a potential mate (or 
a curse) made that much of a difference to her anymore.

The surprise was the wistful look on Akane's face, although 
Nabiki knew Akane had problems. Those fights instigated by Kunou-
chan back in high school had damaged Akane's confidence, somehow. 
She became far too used to beating up men instead of dating them, 
and she'd become extremely reluctant to let anyone of the 
opposite sex close. Nabiki had trouble letting people in, as 
well, although it was for different reasons. She sighed. The 
three of them were quite a set in the romance department.

"Who is she?" Kasumi finally asked.

Nabiki tapped her chin. "Hmmm, this is where it gets weird. I 
found the marriage certificate easy enough, but other than that, 
the woman doesn't seem to exist. It's damn peculiar. It's almost 
like someone had erased her past... or more like she never had 
one." She shrugged. "I don't know. It's beyond my resources, at 
the moment, and I suppose it would no longer serve any purpose to 
look."

"So that's that," Akane said.

"Yes," Kasumi agreed. "If the matter does come to light, though, 
the Tendou family honor will be stained."

Nabiki blew air out of her nose, slightly irritated at her 
sister's traditional views. "Well, I wouldn't worry. It'd be a 
hell of a coincidence if we ran into him while anyone who would 
care is still alive."

To that, the others had nothing to say.

____________________


[September 1, 2003]

Toufuu paced in the den of his house. He checked his watch.

<Five minutes to go. Kamisama, I don't think I was this nervous 
around Kasumi.>

He walked into the kitchen and took the singing kettle off the 
stove, placing it on a divot in the middle of a tea tray. Picking 
up the tray, he moved back into the den, setting the tray on the 
low table. As he stood, several soft knocks sounded on the door.

Taking a deep breath and letting it out, Toufuu opened the front 
door and took a good look at the woman standing there. <Yes, 
Mother was right. She looks just like Ranma's girl form in the 
face.>

"Saotome-san?"

"Hai. Ono-sensei?"

Toufuu smiled and nodded, stepping back and allowing Nodoka to 
enter.

"I thank you for seeing me," Nodoka said.

"Of course."

They took seats, and Toufuu served tea. After a moment, Nodoka 
spoke.

"Is... is my son here?"

Toufuu sighed. <The timing of this stinks.> "No, Saotome-san, he 
isn't. In fact, he no longer lives here."

Nodoka wilted. "Oh."

"You see," Toufuu smiled warmly, "he's opening his own practice."

She looked at Toufuu in confusion. "Anou, practice?"

This time, Toufuu was confused. "Didn't Mother tell you?"

"Tell me what?"

Toufuu grimaced. <Thanks, Mom!> "Ranma just finished his 
residency. He's a fully-licensed physician; a GP, in fact."

Nodoka was stunned into silence.

"Saotome-san?"

She shook her head. "A... a doctor?" she squeaked.

Toufuu nodded. "I'd assumed Mother had said so."

A nervous gulp of tea later, Nodoka said, "It never came up. We 
became... distracted over her photographs."

"Oh, yes," he chuckled. "Mother *loves* her photos."

"But... but what about his Art?"

"Martial arts, you mean? He still practices, and it's still very 
important to him, although it's not the center of his life as it 
once was. He's quite a formidable martial artist, though."

Nodoka was frowning heavily at her tea.

"Is something wrong, Saotome-san?"

She looked up. "Ranma is the only heir to the Saotome Ryuu of 
Musabetsu Kakutou. This is a serious problem."

For the first time, Toufuu truly noticed the odd bundle she'd 
been carrying and was now clutching. He sighed as he wearily 
leaned back into the couch. "I see that we have much to discuss 
about *why* he is where he is in his life and *why* he made 
certain decisions."

Nodoka assumed a neutral expression. "I thank you, Ono-sensei. I 
would very much like to know why he was diverted from the Art."

He looked at her warily and chose his next words carefully. "I 
believe most of the, ah, responsibility lies with... well, with 
his father."

Nodoka's neutral expression faltered. "Genma?"

He nodded. "From what I can gather and from reading between the 
lines, Ranma suffered greatly under his father, in one way or 
another."

"I... see." A sadness settled over Nodoka's features.

"Most of the things he went through, I'll let him explain, if he 
will. And there are things only he should speak of. I can, 
however, give you a small taste of what it must've been like. Let 
me tell you about the Nekoken..."

____________________


[September 14, 2003]

"You've done well in your training, but one of the primary ways 
of avoiding being hit first is being able to sense when someone 
is sneaking up on you or is hidden from view, waiting, for 
example, in ambush."

Ranma, in full martial arts-sensei mode, stopped pacing and faced 
his yawning wife. He smirked. "Are we sweepy, Wyouko-chan?"

Ryouko looked at him with bleary eyes. "What's so special about 
seven in the morning, especially on a Sunday?" she muttered.

"Aaahhh! Let me tell what it was like on the road in my youth! 
Oh," he sang, "I'd get kicked awake every morning at sunrise, and 
my old man would try to pound me into the ground. Oh, the joy of 
battle at the break of day!"

Ryouko gave her husband the "Yeah, right" look, and Ranma 
laughed. "Well... maybe it wasn't *that* much fun, but we do have 
lots to do today, so we're gonna do this now and spend the rest 
of the day whipping the place into shape."

Ryouko grunted.

"Now close your eyes, count to fifty, and try to reach out with 
your senses. I won't try to erase my presence, but I will move 
silently to some part of the yard. Try to locate me."

Closing her eyes, Ryouko began to count aloud. Ranma rolled his 
eyes. <This isn't "Hide and Seek",> he thought as he smiled.

Ryouko reached fifty and grew very still. She tried to fall into 
the necessary mindset, but this spiritual stuff was always 
difficult for her. She was far more physically inclined. She 
sighed aloud and tried again.

<Wait! Was that...?> Ryouko fluttered in teleport and appeared in 
one corner of the yard, making a grab... at nothing.

"Eh?" She turned around and saw Ranma standing where she'd last 
seen him. "Oh, you sneak! You circled around on me!"

Ranma sheepishly scratched the back of his head. "Ah, well... 
Actually, I never moved."

"ARGH!!" Ryouko flew at him, and Ranma hightailed around the 
enclosed yard.

"Hey! OWW! HEY!!"

Ryouko was firing little pinpoints of orange energy at Ranma's 
derriere, and while they did no damage, they stung like hell. 
After a couple of circuits, she chased her husband into the 
clinic and tackled him in the waiting room. Or, more likely, he 
allowed himself to be safely tackled. They ended up in a heap on 
the dusty floor, Ryouko on top.

Ranma smirked up at his wife. "Awake, yet?"

His arms were pinned above his head, but that put Ryouko in an 
awkward position, her breasts dangling in Ranma's face. He 
playfully bit at them.

"Oi! You're insatiable, you know that?" Ryouko playfully 
chastised.

"And you're not?"

"Well... Shall we take this upstairs?"

"Hmmm, everything's still covered in dust."

"Rats!"

     ~~~~~~~

Later that morning, Ryouko was putting away their clothes and 
other personal effects after having vacuumed the place. It was 
remarkably clean, once the dust was gone. Ryouko hadn't been 
looking forward to scrubbing the room down, and she was glad that 
it wasn't necessary. She stopped while going through a box of her 
husband's clothes.

"Ara?"

Ryouko fingered the rough weave of an old piece of clothing, torn 
and abraded and looking very much the worse for wear. She held it 
up.

<Looks like it's ready for the trashcan.> She wadded it up and 
was about to throw it in a large plastic bag, but reconsidered. 
<It had been folded up carefully. Does he want to keep it? Ewww. 
Why?>

She walked out of the bedroom and went down the stairs. She 
finally found Ranma in the examination room, looking over the 
examining table with a critical eye.

"How's it going?"

"Fine. This old table's seen better days, but it'll have to do 
until we can afford a new one."

Ryouko looked at the aged fixture of steel and vinyl. "Mom, er, 
Washuu might be able to come up something you'd like. You *know* 
she thinks you hung the moon." She rolled her eyes in 
exasperation.

Ranma straightened up from his examination and laughed, but 
Ryouko's bundle caught his eye. "What've ya got, there?"

"Huh? Oh." She held the worn tunic up. "I've never seen this 
before. Did you want to keep it?"

Ranma sucked air. "Yes, I do." He gently took the article of 
clothing from his wife, also fingering the texture of the rough 
weave. "Liu," he said softly.

"As in the old Chinese woman from just after you fell in the 
pool?"

"Yeah."

She watched the play of emotions across Ranma's face. First, 
there was the distant look of remembrance. Then a sad look took 
over, and his eyes became moist. Last was a hard look of abrupt 
determination.

"Kamisama! All this time I can't believe I haven't thought to 
visit her or to at least let her know I was all right!"

Ranma met Ryouko's eyes.

"We have the time. Call Ryou-ou-ki. We're going on a little trip 
tonight."

Ryouko nodded, reaching out to embrace her beloved.

     ~~~~~~~

Carrying her husband, Ryouko materialized about two kilometers 
straight up in the night sky over Nerima. She made three more 
two-kilometer jumps until she made visual contact with Ryou-ou-ki 
in starship mode.

After phasing in on the command deck, she released Ranma, who was 
busy taking in a large lungful of air.

"You okay?"

"The air was starting to get a little thin."

She patted him on the back and then addressed the ship. 
"Geosynchronous orbit, Ryou-ou-ki!"

"MIYA!"

There was no sensation as the crystalline ship smoothly rose out 
of Earth's atmosphere. Ryouko had been watching Ranma and was 
pleased to note no reaction from him at Ryou-ou-ki's cry.

"You're getting better."

"Eh?"

"Ryou-ou-ki."

"Oh. I guess I'm getting to where I can tell her voice from that 
of a ca-ca-- feline's."

Ryouko snorted in amusement and turned back to her ship. "Ryou-
ou-ki, display a map of Asia, simulated daylight."

On the main view screen, a photographic representation of the 
Asian continent appeared, color and brightness adjusted to the 
daytime norm.

"What now?" Ryouko asked.

"Uh... I can't tell where anything is. Where are the country 
lines and stuff?"

Ryouko huffed. "Do you have political boundary information, Ryou-
ou-ki?"

"MIYA!" Bright lines outlining the various Asian countries 
appeared over the image.

"Oh, that's better. Um... gimme the mountain area just, um, east 
of Tibet," Ranma said. The image zoomed in, and Ranma walked up 
to the screen and pointed. "This mountain range." Ryou-ou-ki 
complied.

"Hmmm..." His eyes locked on a collection of small bluish-gray 
dots, and Ranma touched the screen there. "Gimme this area in 
detail." The image zoomed in on a collection of small pools, a 
little over a hundred or so. Ranma stood there for some time, 
looking at the image.

"Ryou-ou-ki," Ryouko said, "give us a better angle and include 
any structures."

The image tilted and zoomed in a little closer, showing the 
bodies of water from the side with varying numbers of bamboo 
poles sticking up and a small building in the foreground.

"What is this place, Ranma?"

Ranma let out the breath he'd been holding. "Jusenkyou."

Ryouko stared. "So that's where..."

"Yeah."

Man and wife were silent for a time, until Ryouko said, "We could 
go back there, if you want."

"I want to, but Liu is more important. Let's see her first. Ryou-
ou-ki, back the image up and include, say, three or four roads 
out in all directions."

Ryou-ou-ki complied, and Ranma studied the picture carefully. 
"There's the entrance. I *think* I jumped the road there, where 
it bends, and set off over the ground. Hmmm..." He made a choice 
and pointed at a road. "Follow this road north."

The screen centered on the unpaved dirt track and slowly moved in 
the indicated direction. After a minute, a village appeared at 
the top of the screen, and Ranma looked for any familiar 
landmarks.

"Hold here and zoom in on the village."

Ranma searched his memory for details to match the layout of the 
village. Eventually, he sighed and turned to his wife. "I can't 
make anything out of this. How much better can Ryou-ou-ki see?"

Ryouko smirked. "As good as you want. Ryou-ou-ki, tour the main 
road and look from side to side at the fronts of the buildings."

The screen rushed in, and Ranma felt his stomach lurch. The 
picture bounced to a stop at normal eye level above the road. The 
image panned back and forth as it moved at a normal walking speed 
through the town.

"How can she do this?!" Ranma asked, without looking away.

"Um... I think it's got something to do with reflections from a 
theoretical plane in subspace... or something."

Ranma spared her a brief, amused glance.

"Hey, ask Washuu," Ryouko said in disgust. "I just use the stuff, 
not build it."

"Riiight," Ranma said as he watched the nickel tour of downtown.

"Wait! Stop there!" Ranma gazed hard at one building, but the 
angle was bad. He put his finger on the structure in question. 
"Front on this one." The screen snapped down the road and a worn, 
wooden facade came into view.

"Yatta! That's Long's Ramen Shop! The best, and only, restaurant 
in town, heh!"

Excited now, Ranma gave more instructions. "Back the picture up 
and move north down the road for about four or five kilometers. 
Look for a two-wheel track going off the main road to the right. 
There should be a large, off-white stone on one corner of the 
intersection."

Ryou-ou-ki's screen moved up the road, stopping occasionally to 
examine a side road. She eventually stopped and zoomed in a 
particular spot.

"Miya?"

"Side view, please, Ryou-ou-ki," Ryouko asked.

As the image tilted, a beige-colored marker stone stretched from 
a circle on the screen into a pillar. Ranma breathed in relief.

"That's it. Follow the track, and the house is on the left." As 
the image backed up a little and moved off the main road, Ranma 
frowned at the fallow fields.

"Why haven't the fall crops been planted?"

The house quickly came into view and Ranma gasped. The building 
had deteriorated considerably, and Ranma was quite afraid he was 
too late in coming to check on her. He turned and looked 
meaningfully at his wife. She walked over, a concerned look on 
her face, and took his hand.

"Take us down, Ryou-ou-ki," she said softly, staring into Ranma's 
worried eyes.

"Miya."

     ~~~~~~~

Ranma and Ryouko shimmered into view about four meters in front 
of the dilapidated farmhouse. Ryou-ou-ki began to fold back into 
herself, and Ranma watched, having only seen the procedure once 
before, on his and Ryouko's honeymoon. Shortly, Ryou-ou-ki 
plopped to the ground in cabbit form and leaped up to Ryouko's 
shoulder, draping herself over it. Chuckling, Ranma reached over 
and scratched her under the chin.

"I'm gonna buy you a giant bag of carrots for your help today."

"MIYA!!" Ryou-ou-ki was, needless to say, ecstatic.

Ranma turned back to the house and shuddered at the lack of care, 
but hope sprang up in his heart as he got the subtle impression 
that someone still lived there. He clasped Ryouko's hand tightly 
and walked up to the door. He hesitated for just a second before 
knocking loudly.

After several moments, the sounds of someone moving around inside 
could be heard through the rickety door. Steps approached, and 
the couple could hear a bolt being drawn. The door creaked open 
and a tired old woman looked out, blinking and speaking in 
Chinese.

"Yes?"

Ranma's mouth worked as he took in how much she had apparently 
aged since he last saw her. There were still hints of the 
elderly, but vital, woman he'd known, but times had obviously 
been hard. The guilt Ranma had hoped could be washed away with 
this visit rose to smother him.

"L-L-Liu-san!"

The old woman started and peered closely at the gentleman at her 
doorstep. "Ranma...?" The two simply looked at one another for a 
few heartbeats, but tears started running down the old woman's 
face, and Ranma's soon followed. Liu hobbled the two steps to her 
once son, and she buried her face in his chest, sobbing and 
choking. Ryouko looked on quietly, and the trio held the tableau 
for as long as they wanted... or needed.

     ~~~~~~~

Liu led her guests back into the main room, and she hobbled 
towards her chair, favoring her left leg. Ranma noticed.

"What wrong, Liu-san? Hurt leg?"

The old woman eased herself down and looked up at Ranma. "About a 
year after you left, child. Old Long put me up in his restaurant 
while I recovered, and I tried to work the farm after that, but 
it was just too hard. I just couldn't get around as well as I 
once could. Long sends his grandchildren over to look in on me 
from time to time, but ever since that business with the 
Nyuuchiezuu, the villagers have been a little shy about 
associating with me. Long, of course, doesn't give a damn, and I 
owe him and his wife more than I can ever repay-- OOF! Ahhh..." 
Liu stretched her game leg out over a threadbare ottoman.

"Let Ranma see," he said.

Liu looked at him strangely. "Why?"

Ranma grinned smugly and pulled a business card out of his 
wallet, giving it to Liu. She studied it for a moment, and then 
looked up. "Very nice. What does it say?"

He smacked his face with his hand while Ryouko looked on in 
confusion. "It say Ranma is doctor. Give place and what can do."

Liu's eyes bugged out. "You're a doctor?!"

"Hai!"

Liu started crying again, and Ranma waved his arms in panic. 
"Nani-o, er, what wrong now? Oh, no cry! No cry!"

Grabbing a nearby cane, Liu beaned him on the head. Ranma just 
blinked, and Ryouko giggled.

"Silly boy! I'm crying because I'm happy!"

"Oh... Oh! Is good!" Ranma beamed, then looked at her in 
amusement. "Now, lift skirt for strange man? No?"

Liu cackled and let Ranma examine her leg, stuffing his business 
card away in a pocket. In the meantime, she rested her eyes on 
her other guest.

"I'm such a terrible host. My apologies, pretty one."

"Uh... she no speak Han." He turned to Ryouko and said, "Liu 
apologizes for being a poor host."

"Oh!" Ryouko smiled at Liu and waved her hands in a dismissive 
gesture. Liu smiled and nodded back. Ranma ran his hands over 
Liu's left leg, assessing the old damage and what deterioration 
had occurred since the initial injury.

"So, Ranma, this your girlfriend?" Liu asked.

Ranma smirked and held up his left hand, showing off the gold 
band. "Is wife. Five year. Her name Ryouko."

Liu's eyes lit up. "So you *have* been busy! Any babies, yet?"

Ranma blinked and said, "Uh... no. Not try, yet."

"Well, you've got some time, but don't wait too long."

Ranma nodded and began massaging the large muscles of Liu's leg.

"Ask her to come over here so I can give her a hug."

"Liu wants to give you a hug," Ranma said without looking up from 
his work.

Ryouko's eyes bulged for a second. "Um, okay." She hesitantly 
walked over and bent down to the old woman. Liu gave her a light 
embrace and patted her on the back.

"Tell Ryouko that I expect lots of babies."

Ranma snorted and said, "Liu says she wants us to have lots of 
babies."

Ryouko blushed furiously, and Liu noticed and smirked. "Ye-yeah. 
Su-sure," Ryouko stuttered. Ranma looked at Liu.

"Turn so right, um, side up." Liu obliged, and Ranma started 
lightly poking a few pressure points as he continued to massage.

Liu took a moment to eye the strange creature that had hopped off 
of Ryouko's shoulder earlier.

"Is that a foreign pet or something?"

Ranma sweatdropped. "Something..." He quickly changed the 
subject.

"Hmmm... Not bad as could be, but still problem. Liu-san need... 
no know word." Ranma thought for a second. "Liu-san need work 
leg, um, kind of way... 'Chikushou! What is the word for 
*therapy*?'"

"I think I know what you mean, child, but I don't get much of 
that around here."

Ranma looked at the old woman thoughtfully. "Ranma maybe have 
idea. We talk tomorrow." He smirked. "Old womans must sleep."

Liu laughed and made as if to bean him again.

----------

Hsieh Tien listlessly walked down the road toward her village, 
occasionally kicking up small clouds of dust that dully shimmered 
in the early morning sun. Her eyes narrowed as the marker stone 
for old woman Wong's place, who'd caused her so much trouble 
eight years ago, came into view. Life for a Nyuuchiezuu 
sympathizer was hard enough, but the uproar from the failed 
capture of the foreign male had put her in a bad light with her 
benefactors and had made her almost an outcast in her own 
village. She wished she'd been enough of a warrior to join the 
Nyuuchiezuu. She spat on the road in self-disgust.

Her grumbling abruptly stopped as she noticed a strange man 
walking around the part of the property near the road. As she 
approached, the man looked up and waved.

"Hello," he said in accented Chinese.

Tien was proud of herself for not gasping aloud. "He-Hello. Are 
you a friend of Wong Liu's?" <It's the male!>

He nodded.

"Here for long?"

"Two day, maybe."

"I see. Nice meeting you."

"Yes. Good day."

Tien walked off, a new spring in her step and a sly smile playing 
with her mouth. Once out of view of the male, she began to trot. 
A Nyuuchiezuu runner was due in the village shortly, and if she 
hurried...

----------

It was a fine and sparkling morning in Nerima, and Kasumi had 
taken the opportunity to enjoy the fine weather with an early 
visit to the open markets. Strolling back towards home, she 
hummed to herself and happily greeted her neighbors and 
acquaintances. All in all, a pleasant scene to warm the cockles 
of anyone's heart... or so it appeared.

If one were capable of observing Kasumi's emotions as a tangible 
object, one would observe a grayness eating at the periphery of 
the woman's joy. It wasn't debilitating, and it rarely showed, 
but it was there, nonetheless. If one could discern the differing 
levels or shades of the grayness and if one could put a name to 
such, one might discover small measures of loneliness, 
resignation, sadness, and, maybe, a touch of depression.

Of course, none of this was apparent, even to her family, save 
her middle sister, perhaps, who had made a life's study of 
reading people and their states of mind. No, only if one had 
studied this particular woman in depth would they be capable of 
taking note of the slight limpness in certain of her movements 
when alone, the fractional delay of her smile, or the 
immeasurable dimming of the flicker of the joy of life in her 
eyes.

So it was that Kasumi continued down the road to her home, 
smiling and greeting people as she happened upon them, carrying 
her groceries, and mentally going through a tired and well-worn 
routine of deciding on meals for her... no, her father's home. 
And it was into this state that something different intruded and, 
as it would play out, something that would, in the long run, 
improve her life by an order of magnitude. But at this time, as 
she read the banner across the front of the long-abandoned Nerima 
Clinic, she would only be aware of the future trouble her family 
could expect.

"Oh, my! It's reopening! I wonder..." She looked both ways and 
crossed the street, her heart suddenly racing as she hoped a 
certain doctor she'd entertained notions about had returned.

She stepped up the short stairway leading up to the clinic door 
and gasped, the day suddenly turning cooler and a trifle less 
bright.

----------

*Back on Wednesday. Clinic will open on Monday, September 22nd,* 
the small sign taped to the door read. Nodoka sighed, bowing her 
head and laying her hand against the locked entrance. <More 
waiting...> Her jaw firmed. <No matter. It's only two more days.>

She looked up at the plaque declaring that the physician for the 
clinic was Hakubi Ranma. <Oh, my son. I'm so proud, but... what 
will become of our family? Its honor?> She frowned slightly. <And 
what is it that's so terrible that even your adopted father was 
afraid to speak of it? Danced around it, saying much and telling 
nothing?>

She dropped her hand and moved down the short stairway. As she 
walked back up the lane, the rippling in the hot air seemed to 
swallow her whole.

----------

"Please, Liu-san. Think about?"

"I'm not leaving my home, Ranma. I... I wouldn't know what to do 
with myself."

Ranma sighed and looked out the window he'd repaired earlier that 
morning, gazing at the glorious colors of the sunset. He'd spent 
a lot of his day repairing things around the property. It seemed 
no one else cared enough to do it.

Ryouko squeezed his hand, and Ranma sighed again.

----------

Some distance away from the Wong farm, a fourteen-hour distance 
at a steady lope, other, far more ancient eyes regarded the 
setting sun, but with a different emotion. At long last, a minor 
stain on her family's honor was about to be removed.

Cologne, Elder and Matriarch of the Nyuuchiezuu, turned from the 
display of Nature's artistry and entered the hut she shared with 
her great granddaughter.

Shampoo, said great granddaughter, was busy going over last 
minute checks to her weapons. Hearing her relative pogoing in on 
her staff, she looked up and smiled.

"Eager for the hunt, I see, great granddaughter. Good, good."

Shampoo simply let her teeth show in response before returning to 
her weapons. Cologne regarded her for a few moments before 
speaking again.

"I think I will come along."

Shampoo's head whipped around in surprise. "Please, great 
grandmother! This is my mission, my honor! I must be the one!!"

Cologne smiled and raised a placating hand. "Calm yourself, 
child. I will go only as an observer. You are still in charge."

"Thank you," Shampoo said in obvious relief. "I want to be the 
one to bring this male in." She clenched her fist in anger. "I 
can't believe he eluded me for a month, especially at Jusenkyou, 
so near to our home."

"Perhaps he will be good enough for you to marry. You are not 
getting any younger, dear, and, as the foreigners would say, 
'Your clock is ticking,'" Cologne mused.

A strange expression and a bit of anticipation flashed across her 
face, but she swiftly quelled it. "First things first, great 
grandmother. Then we shall see."

"Quite."

Cologne walked out of the hut and called, "DOWEL!"

A brutish, mannish woman jogged up, a platform and chair strapped 
to her back. With practiced ease, Cologne hopped into the air and 
landed lightly in the seat, setting her staff across her knees.

Shampoo exited the hut in all her battle finery, looking every 
inch a leader of her tribe. When Cologne had called for Dowel, 
the remaining members of their expeditionary force heeded the 
call and had already assembled in front of the hut. The Amazons 
looked back and forth between Shampoo and Cologne, and Shampoo 
frowned as she looked up at the ancient and shrunken woman. 
Cologne merely raised an eyebrow at her great granddaughter. 
Nodding, Shampoo turned and addressed the group, clearly 
demonstrating who was in charge.

"We go."

----------

In a cozy but not too small office building of a major Tokyo 
financial concern, the buzzing of the telephone interrupted the 
thoughts of one of the firm's employees on the fast track to 
success. Nabiki scowled, still not quite alert from a bout with 
her periodic insomnia, and picked up the receiver.

"Hai. Tendo desu."

"Nabiki-chan, it's Kasumi."

Nabiki blinked. Kasumi almost never called her at work, unless...

"Hey, Oneechan. What's wrong?"

"Well... I thought you'd like to know that the Clinic is 
reopening."

<What the?> "Okay, that's nice. What's so..." Nabiki paused as 
several pieces fell into place. "It's not Toufuu-sensei, is it?" 
she asked quietly.

"No."

"Damn!" Nabiki rubbed her forehead with her free hand. <This is 
going to be ugly.>

----------

Old Long happened to have been looking out the window of his 
ramen shop early that morning when a party of Nyuuchiezuu 
warriors blew through the center of town, heading north. He'd 
heard that Liu's charge had returned for a visit, and he could 
easily guess the Amazons' destination.

"Take care, old friend."

____________________

END HEARTS' HEALING 2 - THE PATHS OF HONOR, PART 1

