PMasters@webtv.net (Robert Hadley)



This is a Hellraiser/Tenchi Muyo! crossover.  It being so, it is also
a darkfic.  Of course, it is rated R and reader discression is advised.
I claim rights to none of the characters used in this fic.

Unto the Depths
By:  Phillip Masters
Part One:  New Beginnings

     Tenchi sighed as he looked from his apartment window.  It was
raining this dreary night, and he felt particularly lonely.  It had only
been six months since he moved out of his home of eighteen years, and he
allready missed it.
     Sure, at first it had been exhilarating, the feeling of freedom.
However, this soon lost its appeal as time drug on.  Usually, he was not
alone, though, quite the contrary.  Washu had designed a psuado-space
tunnel straight to his shower stall.  Now, any time someone from the
shrine wanted to visit, they need but step through.  It meant nothing
much changed since his departure, however, he now spent much more on the
public baths.
     At the moment, it was one in the morning, and everyone at the
shrine was asleep.  This gave Tenchi all the quiet time he could want,
or stand.  He wasn't due back to Tokyo U until next quarter, so he still
had a month of nothing to do.  He worked at a small noodle shop part
time to widdle away the daytime hours.  It was a poor substitute for his
garden, but he liked the people at least.
     As he studied the water making its way down the glass, he got a
sudden urge for ice cream.  Grunting, he rose from the comfort of his
couch and made his way to the freezer.  Unfortunately, the arctic recess
didn't hold what he most desired.  In fact, the cold wind only deepened
his want.  His psyce weighed the benefit of satiating his hunger against
getting soaked by the rain.  His stomach, being the only audible
speaker, won the short argument.
     Tenchi pulled on his raincoat and stepped from his first story
apartment.  He was soon dripping wet from the torrential downpour.  He
snorted as his memory recalled the weather man saying "Light and
pleasant spring showers expected.".  Well, at least it was warm rain.
He soon made his way to the corner store and picked up a gallon of
Cookies and Cream.  It was derelict in Ueno this time of night.  Most of
the cars, still very few in number, were heading for bars and more
exciting areas.
     Tenchi strolled back toward home, the rain still beating down on
him.  Then, he stopped, as he was sure he heard the sound of wings
flapping.  This was highly unusual this time of night, so he stopped and
looked around.  The sound repeated, and Tenchi's head turned to what he
thought was the source.  His gaze fell on a nondescript little shop,
stuck amongst various more elaborite stores.  He didn't think he'd ever
noticed the place before, which was odd.  What was more odd, however,
was the fact that the store was open.
     The flapping sounded again.  Tenchi was sure it was coming from the
shop now, and walked up to the enterance.  As he pushed on the door, a
small jangling of bells greeted him.  A plethora of scents bombarded his
nose.  Countless undefinable spices laced the air.  Tenchi felt a bit
heady as he stepped into the darkened shop.  He found himself surrounded
by unusual artifacts of all shapes and sizes.  He marveled at the miriad
interesting baubles, not knowing what use they had beyond asthetic
appeal.
     As he was studying a certain peice, a hand fell on his shoulder.
Of course, Tenchi leapt into the air about six feet, dropping the small
object to the floor.  As he landed, he turned to face whoever had
frightened him.  His gaze fell on a short man of definite Indian origin.
He could swear he heard the flapping again as the man spoke.
     "Welcome to my store."  He said simply.
     "Uh, thank you.  What is all this?"  Tenchi waved his hand to
encompass the whole shop.
     "They are ancient and rare artifacts, collected over many years.
Hidden in amongst these items are the secrets of past civilizations,
long buried in time.  One could get lost in such a place as this."
     Tenchi had a hard time believing anyone could actually get lost in
such a hole in the wall, but figured the man was speaking figuratively.
He looked about the place once more, then his eyes fell on something
interesting.  It was a small cube, measuring about five inches to a
side.  It had intricate designs adorning it's sides. They seemed to
gleam with a golden sheen.  Tenchi couldn't help but pick it up, the
object he'd dropped forgotten.  As his hands closed on the box, a small
blue spark jumped from his fingers to it.  He just chalked it up as
static.
     "Yes,"  Tenchi almost jumped again as the strange man spoke, "a
particularly special one that is.  A puzzle box, created by a French toy
maker."
     "How much?"  Tenchi asked as he gazed at the box.  It seemed to
have an attractiveness to it he couldn't deny.
     "For you, 3000 yen."  The man grinned.
     Tenchi figured this was a great deal, especialy in a specialty
store such as this.  That coupled with his melting ice cream prompted
him to pay the man.
     The owner accepted the bills with a steady hand, his grin still
plastered on his face.  "Do get pleasure from it."  He said with a
certain voice as Tenchi exited the shop.
     Tenchi soon made his way home.  He stuck the ice cream in the
freezer and stripped out of his soggy clothes.  He threw on his robe and
scooped himself some ice cream.  He set the bowl down on the coffee
table and sat on the couch.  In his hands was the puzzle box.  He took
in the detailed work as he ate the ice cream.  Once finished eating, he
devoted all his attention to the task before him.  The box seemed almost
seamless as he rubbed the surface with his fingers.  He tried twisting
it around, like a Rubix Cube.  No dice.  Then, as if not under his own
power, his fingers began to turn the dial-like mark on what appeared to
be the top of the box.  This was rewarded with clicking noises from
inside the box.  He felt some elation as a pillar rose from the circular
mark.  However, after a moment of trying to manipulate the box farther,
he simply pushed the cylinder back down.  Tenchi smiled as this action
caused another, this time rectangular, pillar to emerge from a different
side of the box.  So emersed in what he was doing, Tenchi didn't notice
the sound of a large bell tolling from nowhere in particular.  He found
he could now twist the box, and did so.  Once turned, the rectangular
piller sank back into the cube.  Then, Tenchi jumped a bit as the box
flew from his hands.  A rumbling began, shaking a picture from the wall
behind him.
     "What the...?"  He blurted out as he gripped an arm of the couch.
     The wall opposite him split down the middle suddenly, scaring the
crap out of Tenchi.  He stared as it separated from itselt.  A bright
light shone from whatever was now behind his wall.  Soon, the rumbleing
subside, however Tenchi was still left with a split wall leading God
knows where.  "Ah geez!  The super's gonna be pissed!"  He muttered as
he got up from the couch.
     That's when he heard the coldest voice he thought possible.  It
seemed to send multiple shivers up his spine.  The voice was accompanied
by a dark silhouette in the blinding light.  The person was walking out
of the wall toward Tenchi.  "Please, don't get up on my account."  Is
what it said.
     This did not prompt Tenchi to sit down again.

END Part One.

     Don't know why I suddenly decided to write this, but I did.  If you
would like to see more of this series, simply mail me at
PMasters@webtv.net with C&C, and I will write the next part.  I would
like to thank the Hellraiser Encyclopedia as a reference guide.

PMasters (6/7/97)

"Truth and beauty exist because people invent them.  When a tree falls in
the forest it does make a sound whether anyone is present to hear it or not,
but it is not beautiful unless someone is there to look upon it." -
'To The Vanishing Point' by:  Alan Dean Foster /
Still in search of the Lost Chord...

http://www.iwaynet.net/~dr.diddy/masters   PMasters@webtv.net /
Member of the #AAS#:  Achika Appreciation Society,
member of #WASHU#:  Washu's Acadamy of Science and Higher Understanding
and last but not least, member of #SAS#:  Sasami Appreciation Society.
