Chapter 1 - "Up in Smoke"

Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Tenchi Muyo or Dragonball Z characters
and do not claim any rights to them. I’m broke, which means I have no money
at all…so please don’t sue me

Author's note: This is my first fic so I would like to get some feedback on
this E-mail me at byrdhaus@netins.net


 It was a normal day at the Masaki Residence the Sun had
come up just a few moments ago, Tenchi was watching the
sunrise and as usual Ryoko and Ayeka were at each others throats.

Ryoko: What's a matter princess, can't handle the fact that
Tenchi likes me better than you.

Ayeka: You…you…how dare you speak to me in that manner.

Ryoko: I'll speak to you however I want princess!!

Ayeka: Azaka!! Kamadake!!

Azaka/Kamadake: Yes Lady Ayeka

Ayeka: Teach this she-demon a lesson!

Ryoko: Ooh… does the little princess think she can hurt me with her toys!?

*Right at that moment Tenchi walks in from watching
 the sunrise and almost falls over at the what he sees*

Ryoko: Tenchiiiii…….

*She phases out behind Tenchi and clings to him*

Ryoko: That cruel princess is trying to hurt me…..

Ayeka: You leave Lord Tenchi Alone!!

Ryoko: Why don't you come over here and try to make me

Ayeka: AZAKA!! KAMADAKE!!……

Tenchi:  Hey….umm…girls…is this really necessary…

*Both Ayeka and Ryoko are staring at each other and sparks are starting to
fly*

Tenchi: umm….did either of you hear what I was saying
….oookk….I think I'll go take a bath now…


*Neither Ryoko or Ayeka realize that Tenchi had left the room*


Ryoko: Oh Really… little princess you think your flying
 toothpicks are going to be able to stop me?

Ayeka is becoming more furious by the second

Sasami: Breakfast is ready.  Sasami chirped in her usual cheery voice

Ayeka: Thank you Sasami, we will be right down.

Ryoko (Thinking to herself)
I'll take care of that prissy princess once and for all this time,
I won't let her get in the way of Tenchi and our eternal love for each
other*

Ayeka (Thinking to herself)
Ryoko mustn't be allowed to be near Lord Tenchi any longer.
 I will put a stop to this she-devil pestering Tenchi once and for all*

*They both charge up a powerful blast at the same time*

Ryoko: Take this Ayeka!!

Ayeka:  aahahaha…..

*They both fire their blasts as Tenchi Walks into the hall*

*PufffuuuBoooooooooooooooooooooom!!!!!!!!!!!*

*Tenchi Staggers and falls over in shock*

Ayeka/Ryoko: Tenchi!!!!

Tenchi: Ryoko!! Ayeka!!!  This is Enough!!!!!!

*Tenchi's starts to get madder at them by the second just thinking about all
the trouble they had caused and this early in the day for that matter*

Tenchi: Isn't it bad enough you to fight like this all the time?!? But you
have to destroy the whole house while you do it?!?  I've had it I don't want
to fix your messes anymore.

*Tenchi found himself yelling at the girls in a way he had never done
before, when he stopped for a second and listened to the words that were
coming out of his mouth it scared him.  He had never in his entire life
yelled at anyone like he was yelling at the girls right now.*

*Ryoko and Ayeka just stood there staring at Tenchi.  They couldn't believe
what they were hearing.  Was he talking to them in this way??*

Ayeka (She had never seen Lord Tenchi this mad before…even at that woman.
It scared her.)

Ryoko (Could he be talking to me this way!?!? No he wouldn't… would he??)

*Ryoko phases out and vanishes and Ayeka just stares and suddenly bursts
into tears and runs into her room and slams the door behind her.*

*Sasami had been standing in the stairway as all this was happening*

Sasami: Tenchi…. (Sasami says in a very hesitant tone)

Tenchi: Sasami… tell me what happened was just a dream…..please tell me I'm
going to wake up and just remember this as a horrible nightmare….

Sasami: I…I….HOW COULD YOU TENCHI!!

*Sasami runs off in tears after what she had just seen*

TWO HOURS LATER…

Tenchi: Grandfather…..what do I do now….the girls are so..so…I don't know
how to put it….I can't say they are just angry at me…because it is so much
deeper than that…I think I really hurt them this time.

Katsuhito: I have a very old friend that lives on a secluded island that I
think you should go stay with for a while until Ayeka and Ryoko calm down
and become more rational.

Tenchi: Who is this friend??

Katsuhito: His name is Master Roshi and if you listen closely you might just
learn something from him.

So…How did you like it?? This is the first chapter in Help from Afar.  I
plan on writing a few more chapters to this fic if people like it. So give
me some feedback.

The next chapter will be called "Stand or Fall" it will involve Tenchi and
his Grandfather going to Master Roshi's Island and how the DBZ gang reacts
to him.
