Omni-Mega-crossover/massively overauthored/SI'd to hell and back again.
Here's The Deal, the sequel, Chapter 1

Disclaimer: There is a lot of crap in here, and nobody owns any of it except a bunch of
anime companies.  Oh, and game companies.  All original characters are owned by their
respective authors.

MSTing of this semi-fic...is encouraged...because I, for one, would love to see it.

Authors in no particular order: Kaiouken, Nadia, Zero, X, Kagato, A.C., Neosaim, Bent Oben,
Tonnica sister #1, Hunter, Alanna, babobo2, Flavius, Magnakai, Bagmus, Magus_akaJanus, and
Animal
Note: Oddly enough, this is also a list of SI'd characters...

	*	*	*

It begins here...

Flavii: Migration successful...This place will work wonders as a seat of revenge against
	these ignorant fools.  My Hellrazor and I shall take the lives of those worthless
	wretches once and for all.  I'm waiting for you, warriors.

	He begins to sap mana from the ground.

Narrator:[Duo Maxwell] What will the others have to say about Flavii's transformation?  Find
	out next time...On Flavii Cubed!!!

Narrator: Meanwhile, on board the Soja...

babobo2: Sir, we are picking up strange readings in the northern sector.
Kagato: What?  It can't be!
MacGuyver: This energy signature matches the one from when Fat Albert's Secret Base was
	destroyed!
Morrigan: Then that means...
Tonnica: ...Flavius.

Narrator:[King Kai] Suddenly, Krillin appears!
Krillin: Hey!  You stole my girlfriend!
[Kaiouken and 18 turn around]
18: Er...uh...Krillin!  Hi!  Where've you been?!
Krillin: Don't play dumb! [to Kaiouken] And you! What are you doing?!
Kaiouken: If you ask me...it looks like I'm having sex with her.
Krillin: I'LL GET YOU FOR THIS!!!!
[Krillin begins to power up]

	Animal, while all this is going on, is in the midst of delicate negotiations with
the A-team...
Animal: Yes, Hannibal, we would like you to destroy Cosby for us.
Hannibal: You just hired the A-team.

Coming back to Kaiou, we see Nadia flying around.  She hears Kaiou's voice, and sees the
group.  She lands quickly.

Nadia: KAIOU!!  [*!THWAP!*]

She thwaps Kaiou across the back of his head, and goes off to a far away corner to cry.
Krillin stops powering up to look at Nadia, who is sulking in the corner, and points at her.
Krillin: Er...what?  Who's she?  Where'd she come from??
Kaiou: Agh...ugh...Krillin, how 'bout we just...uh...forget about this, huh?
Krillin: You...I'M GOING TO KILL YOU!!!!
Kaiou: I...guess that that's out of the question...

Krillin charges Kaiouken and attacks him viciously.  Kaiou smiles, and ignores his attacks.
Suddenly, 18 sees an opening, and gets into Krillin's way.
Kaiou: ugh...thanks...I guess we'll have to stop now.
18: Its alright Kaiou.  I kinda missed him.  Go to Nadia.
Kaiou: A...alright.
Kaiou walks over to Nadia, and 18 flies off to talk with Krillin.
Nadia: Kaiou...how could you?  Why? [sobs] After all that we've been through together...how
	could you!  Why?! ;_; [dramatic anime music]
Kaiou: I...[drops to knees]...I.............................................................
	...[starts to cry as well, unable to say anything]...I'm...sorry...is there any way
	you can forgive me Nadia?

Sudden, pointless scene change:

Zero: Bwahaha I will become the greatest Saiya-jin to ever live!  Hahaha [laughs at 
	Kaiouken, then starts his time spirit training] I will become more powerful than
	you!  Mark my words! [is only 7 :-))

Scene change: Soja chapel.

Narrator: As our heroes plan their attack on Flavii's forces...

Kagato: [singing] And be a simple kind of man!
Morrigan: Can you please stop singing Lynyrd Skynyrd while we are working on battle plans?
Kagato: Sorry. Anyway, Hiro will take his Wing Zero and---
MacGuyver: I think Hiro tried to kill himself again.
Kagato: Okay. Like I was saying, Duo and Trowa will take the flank, while those unimportant
	and utterly useless gear soldiers that we got from Bart will distract the guards at
	the gate.
Tonnica: But won't they be completely out gunned?
Kagato: Um, well, yeah. That's why they are the decoy.
Ryoko: So what do the rest of us do?
Kagato: Well, you, Tenchi, Ayeka, and MacGuyver will steak in through the air ducts. I will
	take Morrigan, Tonnica, babobo2, Shinji, and the Grizzled Old Man and enter through
	the service bay.
babobo2: Did anyone else realize that this map is actually the floor plan for one of them 
	Super Walmarts?
Kagato: Damn! I knew I couldn't trust that sneaky ninja! Where did Kage go?
Morrigan: I believe he said something about a fool and his money before he went off to the 
	Scarlet Moon Empire.
Kagato: Well, anybody else got a plan?

Narrator: Well, isn't that surprising? Go on, be honest. You knew that this would happen.

Back to Kaiouken...

Kaiou: [thinks for a bit] Nadia...I...You were gone for so long..I just got lonely without
	you. I had to be with somebody. When 18 came to me...I was nearly dead. My body had
	been destroyed. I needed her help. I just...I felt a bit of an attachment for her 
	because..she saved my life..Please...forgive me..

Meanwhile, in a nearby war camp which, for no apparent reason, bears a striking resemblence
to medieval Europe (except for the gears and other such technologicaly advanced devices here
and there):

Naphtali: OHHHH YYYYYEEEEAAAAHHHHH!!!!! Tommorow we take revenge!!!
Tsunami: Calm down!! We haven't won yet we still have-
Pegasus: Tsunami! Naphtali! We have...a problem...!
Blond-emptyheaded-female voice: WOW! I can't believe it! I'm in charge of my own military
	regiment!! All my hard work as a detective has finally paid off! If only Kiyone
	could see me now! Oh poor Kiyone, I haven't heard much from her since she was
	critically injured by that falling piano. And to think if that thing had fallen a
	few inches to the right it could have hit me! Oh thank you Kiyone...I hope you're 
	OK...

Naphtali drops his jaw in horrific amazment then covers his eyes.

Naphtali: ....NO....this is not happening...I did not see her I'm going to uncover my eyes
	and she is not going to be there she is just a figment of my imagination [uncovers
	eyes] G'haa! She's still there!
Tsunami: What's the big deal? It's just Mihoshi.
Naphtali: JUST Mihoshi!? didn't you ever WATCH that show you were both on!? 
Tsunami: SHHH!! We are all supposed to act like she's completely competent. No matter how
	many times she does something stupid, we have to keep trusting her so she can keep
	doing more stupid things that hurt everyone around her but never herself! Didn't YOU
	ever watch the show we were both on?
Naphtali: Oh yeah...you're right I forgot about that. But I...can't just act like 
	everything's OK! We're all gonna die! She'll be fine, of course, but we're all gonna
	die!
Tsunami: Pull yourself together!
Naphtali: [looks around and suddenly becomes even more disturbed] Wait a minute...look at
	the rest of these gear pilots...Chu-Chu... Cait-Sith, Relm,....Selphie...Uselessguy
	and Expendableman...and look! Look at that sign over there! The one above the gears!

Tsunami: [reading] 'Kagato, here are some unimportant and utterly useless gear soldiers. The
	pilots don't have souls or anything so don't worry about putting them in a position
	of certain death. Have fun!  -Bart' 
	Oh...this isn't good...We're in the DECOY UNIT!!

Naphtali: Pegasus! You brought us here, why?!
Pegasus: Well, this is where Ryoko told me to go...I just figured...
Naphtali: Ryoko! Why?! We risk our lives to save her from the jello and THIS is the thanks
	we get!?
Tsunami: No, it's not Ryoko's fault. She didn't know this was the decoy unit. Remeber, she
	has to act like Mihoshi can be trusted too...
Naphtali: Oh yeah I forgot...stupid anime social ettiquette! Is X here?
Pegasus: I think he's in the back somewhere.  It doesn't matter, someone gave Kagato the
	wrong map we're set to attack a Wall Mart right now...
Tsunami & Naphtali: SHHHHH!! 
Tsunami: We aren't supposed to know that yet! It doesn't matter we'll attack anyway go get
	X!
Pegasus: Why would you want to attack a Wall Mart...?
Naphtali: We don't KNOW it's a Wall Mart yet, but even when we do find out, Why WOULDN'T we
	attack a Wall Mart?! 
Pegasus: Good point...
Tsunami: Now shut up and go get X and the others!
Pegasus: No one ever listens to me...

Narrator: [Nobuyuki] Meanwhile, off in the mountains somewhere...
X: Damn...I..hate this...long walk..geting tired...passing..out...

Narrator: [Nobuyuki] Suddenly, a very familiar shadow is seen looming over him.

???: Hm....

Nobuyuki: Three days later...

X: Where am I? A shrine?
???: Oh, so you are awake now.
X: Huh? Yosho? How did I get here. I was lost in the mountains somewhere on my way to 
	becoming a reclusive hermit.
Yosho: Well, these things tend to happen when Mihoshi leaves.
X: Oh, I see. It's been a long time, hasn't it Yosho?
Yosho: Yes, it has.
Nobuyuki: Father, you never told me that you and X were friends.
Yosho: Yes, it all began a long time ago on Jurai. (doesn't everything?)
X: I am sorry Yosho, but I must be going. I am on a pigrimage.
Yosho: Oh? Well, allow me to join you. It has been quite some time since I left the shrine.
X: I would be honored. 
Nobuyuki: So you are coming with us Father? What about Sasami?
Yosho: Washu is here. As are the guardians.
X: Well then, lets go.

Narrator: [Nobuyuki] And so we set out again, as X continues to search for the will to
	fight.

Narrator: Meanwhile, in a place not far from here, Zero continues his time spirit
	training...and some how he is trapped in the body of a 7 year old Saiya-jin...?
Zero: huff huff...I must get stronger...I must get stronger so I can defeat Kaiouken!
Kaiouken: I am stronger then you!! mwahahah!
Zero: Stupid voice!! Get out of my head! :continues to train:
Kaiouken: You will never be as powerful as me, you can forget it cause all your training 
	won't do you any good.
Zero: I'll show you! I will become the strongest Saiya-jin in the universe and defeat you! 
	I will!
Kaiouken: Yeah sure kid...believe what you want.
Zero: Ok that's it...Kame.....hame....ha!!!! :fires a blast at a ghost of Kaiouken he is 
	delusionally seeing and it vanishes. Hahahah I GOT YOU!
Kaiouken: No you didn't that was just a delusion of yours, the real me is talking to Nadia 
	so nya! 
Zero: :sweatdrop: Anyways! I will become stronger! I will defeat you! [continues to train]

Narrator: What will happen to Zero? Why is he 7 years old? And will he become stronger than
	Kaiouken? All this and more in the next episode of DRAGON BALL....ahem Wrong show...
	in the next episode of The Young Saiya-jin! [DBZ like cut where it shows the episode
	title and music] Super Saiya-jin 5?

Narrator: As X, Yosho, and Nobuyuki walk along...

Yosho: Hold on. Can you see that in the bushes ahead?
X: Yeah.
Nobuyuki: Where? I don't see anything?
Yosho: Come out of there you!
Mysterious Figure: Uh..heh. Sorry bout that, but I thought you were some of Cosby's minions
	trying to get me.
X: Did you say Cosby? Who are you?
Mysterious Figure: I am the traveling swordsman, Bagmus.
Yosho: Hm...So you are a swordsman? You should come with us.
X: Yeah, the more the merrier.
Bagmus: Um, okay. Say do you guys know where I can find a man named Kagato?
Nobuyuki: Kagato? X, isn't that your friend's name?
X: Yeah it is. We'll be meeting up with him sooner or later.
Bagmus: Great! Well, lets go!

Narrator: Meanwhile....

Lilith: Hm....It looks like X was here at the Masaki Shrine not very long ago.  *I'm gonna
	find you, X, and make you come back with me to fight Cosby*.

War camp:

Pegasus: I can't seem to find X anywhere.
Naphtali: Hmmmm. I bet he's out in the mountains on some sort of pilgrimage. How are we
 	going to get him back?
Tsunami: Well think of it like this; we havent so much as we lost X as we have gained
	Mihoshi.
Naphtali: [shudders] Don't talk like that. We have to get out of here and find him.
Mihoshi: Hey!! You three aren't going anywhere! We attack Cosbomus at dawn!
Naphtali: Hey Mihoshi, look over there.
Mihoshi: What? I don't see anything...what are you pointing at? Oh I think I see it...no
	that just...[meanwhile, the heroes slip out the back door]...oh what am I looking
	at? Where is it? I'm gonna stop looking soon...[etc].
Pegasus: Great, she'll be like that for hours. And now off to find X.

Back with Kaiouken:

Nadia:[stops crying and finally hugs Kaiou] It's okay.. I forgive you.  I went off training
	and I got lost.  I don't clearly remember much, but I had passed out, and later when
	I woke up Trunks was with me.{:)}..Err...I didn't say anything about Trunks.  Yeah.
	I NEVER saw him...err...yeah.  So what're we gonna do now? ^^;;
Kaiou: Hmm....I think I'll go harass Zero now, since he's obsessed with becoming stronger
	then me. Are you going to come with?
Nadia: Would I pass up that opportunity? Of course not! :)  Let's go! This'll be fun...
	hehe...
Kaiou: Alright. I can tell where he is. Even though his power is sooooooooooooooooo weak, I
	can still feel it. Follow me.
[Kaiouken flares up and flies off, Nadia close behind]
They fly for a while.
[Kaiouken lands, then walks to the room where Zero is training and stands watching him, 
arms folded]

Narrator: Zero keeps training in order to become the strongest Saiya-jin to ever live.

Zero: Ouch...it hurts....training too much...need zenzu bean...
Kaiouken: How pitiful...
Zero: I said get out of my...
Kaiouken: Get out of your what, little man?
Zero: [reaches for a zenzu bean only for it to be shot out of his hand by a ki blast] No...
	{I am in no condition to fight, I am not strong enough yet!}
Kaiouken: Oops, did I shoot your zenzu bean?
Zero: Grrrr...I need some help here.
Yajirobi: Yo dude you are on your own [hides in a bush]
Zero: [sweatdrop] Erm...Can you come back later when I am stronger than you?
Kaiouken: Lemme think....no.
Nadia: o_O
Kaiouken: Why such a funny look?
Nadia: Something funny is going on.
Kaiouken: Do not fear I can take him [cracks his knuckles and neck]
Zero: I really need some help here..
Chichi: Gohan!? Gohan is that you!? [thinks Kaiouken is Gohan] Why are you not doing your
	homework? And that girl is not Videl! Now get back to your studies [drags Kaiouken
	off by the ear]
Zero: That should buy me a little time...[gets up and trains and pushes himself to the
	limits] I don't know how much more I can take...and my zenzu bean is gone, it was
	my last one...
Kaiouken: I will be back shortly!! Mark my words!
Nadia: [chases after Kaiouken]
King Kai: Aww...young Goten, would you like to learn the Kaioken technique?
Zero: Sure....
King Kai: Don't ask how I got here, but first you need to catch this monkey, and then you 
	need to smash this cricket.
Zero: [Quickly accomplishes the deeds] huff huff....now what?
King Kai: Now focus your power...
Zero: [Focuses]
King Kai: OK since you are a little stronger than most we will start off with Kaioken times
	30 ok? Now focus all your power for this and charge up!
Zero: [charges up][feels immese power] Ouch...it hurts still.
King Kai: Your body needs to get adjusted to the stress.
Zero: OK....
King Kai: now keep training, I must go now [fades away]
Zero: Thanks King Kai.....[continues to train] I will become stronger! I will beat Kaiouken!
	I will be the strongest!

Narrator: With his new determination, young Zero trains even harder then before, but will
	he be any match for Kaiouken? Stay tuned for the next episode!! (DBZ music and title
	cut) Super Saiya-jin 5 part II

[Kaiouken quickly swats ChiChi aside]
Kaiouken: Zero, why do you desire the power to be stronger then I? Not only is it an uphill
	battle, where the hill keeps getting taller, it's a bit pointless. We are allies,
	are we not? Why do you feel you are my rival?
Zero: I have Vegeta complex...I must always strive to be the most powerful!

Back to the mountain path:
Narrator: As X, Yosho, Nobuyuki, and Bagmus walk along the mountain path...

Yosho: So tell me X, why was it that you decided to stop fighting.
X: Well...

Cue flashback

X: I was with Jedi Hunter, Alecto, Lilith, MacGuyver, Naphtali, Tsunami, and a talking
	horse. We were all fighting our way through Fat Albert's Secret Base when
	suddenly...

Cut to scene in Fat Albert's Control Room

Flavii: Die, you pathetic fools!

Flavii swings the Hellrazor, killing both Fat Albert and Bob Vila 

Flavii: Now, to destroy this place...

Cut back to the room where X and the others are fighting their jello controlled allies

X: Snap out of it Ryoko!
Jedi Hunter: Mr T! Stop!
Lilith: What's that noise?
MacGuyver: Oh no! This place is going to explode!
X: We've got to get out of here!

Before they can flee, everything flashes white and then fades out. They wake up, battered
and bruised, but otherwise unharmed.

X: I just can't fight anymore!
Lilith: But X!
X: No! Lilith, I can't!

End flashback

Yosho: Hm...I see.
Bagmus: [sniff] That is such a sad story! [sniff]
X: Yeah, well, that's how it is. I don't know what happened to me, but I...just can't fight
	anymore.
Yosho: Let's continue on.
Bagmus: Yeah.

Narrator: Meanwhile...

Lilith: Oh! X, where are you? I'm gonna find you sooner or later!

Back with Zero:

Narrator: Kagato suddenly appears where Zero is training.
Kagato: You know what cures Vegeta complex?
Zero: What?
Kagato: A swift kick in the arse!

Narrator: Kagato gives Zero a swift kick in the arse.

Zero: Damn, my arse hurts. Hey, my Vegeta complex is gone!
Kagato: Well, not quite. Someone must kick you in the arse once every four hours for the
	next two weeks. You might want to get a pillow to sit on.

Narrator: And with that, Kagato disappears.

Narrator: Magnakai appears in a cloud of dust on a small path half way up a mountain
Magnakai: AHEM... where am I?
Narrator: Magnakai gets up and looks around at his new surroundings. Blinking at the bright
	light, he spots a temple not too far from the bottom of the mountain.

Magnakai: I guess I'd better go find out where I am. And why am I talking to myself? Hmm,
	maybe there'll be someone wise in that temple. Maybe they can help me.

Narrator: Filled with new hope, Magnakai sets off on the trail leading down the mountain...

Back with Zero and Kaiouken:

[standing, watching Zero from the side, Kaiouken is....playing Tetris]
Kaiou: Wohoo! Level 22!
Nadia: No! No! Put that piece over there.. yeah, there you-- no! Not there! THERE! [Nadia
	can be seen pointing all over the screen as Kaiou plays Tetris]


Back at the War camp:

Bent arrives at base of the Decoy unit---

Bent: I would like to enlist...
Officer: Are you sure you are qualified?
[Bent looks around at the inept soldiers around him]
Bent: I should be ok.
Officer: Ok then what would you like to enlist as?
Bent: The survivor group, I want to enlist in with the unit that will survive this mission
	while everyone else dies...
Officer: Son, that's no attitude to go into combat with.
Bent: Whatever...
Officer: Ok well welcome aboard, you can pilot that gear over there. Yeah the one thats
	smoking really bad and missing an arm and has a target on the back.
Bent: If it's all the same, I'd just as soon be in the ground unit....
Officer: Son, you gotta be crazy, you'd be trampled.
Bent: Stop calling me son...
Officer: Yesh, Kid nowadays just out to impress someone.
Bent: You're starting to bug me old man...

Elsewhere:

Tonnica: (With her old narrator on vacation Tonnica, Shinji, Morrigan, Babobo2, and the
	Grizzled Old fogey argue over what kind of Pop Tarts are better in preperation for
	the mission...In a way. Okay. Pop Tarts have little to do with anything. Except the
	S'mores ones. They're good!)
Shinji: Why are you talking to yourself?
Morrigan: I think she's developing a Squall complex without a narrator of her own.
Grizzeled Old Man: Who are you calling a fogey?!?

Tonnica: Well I'm making up for a lack of narrator and- Hey! Kagato's back. And he looks
	like he just kicked some butt. Getting a good warmup for the battles ahead?
	(or at least some hard drinkin') Oh! And can I pleeeease have Shinji after this is
	over? I want to dissect his brain. It's for an online class I'm taking at Washuu
	Tech. I'm sure no-one will miss him.
Tonnica: (Everyone's staring at me...) [sweatdrop]

Back with Zero:
[Suddenly, Vegeta walks into the room and glares at Zero]
Vegeta: HAH! This fool thinks he can act like me?! I am the strongest saiya-jin in the
	universe! The prince of all saiya-jins! I'll show you what a Vegeta complex really
	is!
[Vegeta kicks Zero in the gut then smacks him in the back of the head so hard he flies
through the wall]
Vegeta: Hahaha! Keep at it kid..
[Vegeta glares over at Kaiouken]
Vegeta: YOU! I still owe you for fusing with me back on htraE!
[Kaiouken turns off Tetris and hands the gameboy color to Nadia]
Kaiouken: Are you sure you want to fight? It may be your last.
Vegeta: Don't be a fool! You think I haven't gotten stronger?! I am Vegeta! I'm always
	growing stronger! Now get ready to die!
[Vegeta flexes his arms and goes SSJ -3-...]
[Kaiouken stands, arms folded, and goes SSJ3]
Vegeta: Hah...don't forget. I was stronger then you in my super saiya-jin 2 form. Now I'm
	doubly as strong! You're going to die right here and now!
Narrator:[King Kai] OH NO! It seems that Vegeta has gone super saiyan three now! This is
	baad news for Goku...I mean, Kaiouken!

Wandering aimlessly whilst looking for X:
Pegasus: So like, where are we anyway?
Tsunami: Some mountain range that looks like a cross between mountains in Japan and the
	Alps. X has got to be arouund here somewhere.
Naphtali: Look! I think I see someone over there! Hey! You! Is that X?
Lilith: No it's me, Lilith.
Tsunami: Have you seen X around here?
Lilith: No, no one has. Not since he spontaneously decided he couldn't fight anymore. I'm
	looking for him. I'm gonna drag him back there and make him fight if it's the last
	thing I do!!
Pegasus: What makes you think he's out here?
Lilith: Well, I think I can hear Noboyuki's voice narrating him every once in a while, off
	in the distance it...! Oh my god, look at the ground!
Tsunami: Blood! whose blood could it be? My do you think maybe X... 
Lilith: I don't know [suddenly pulls out one of those Star Trek looking scanner thinngys 
	and waves it over the blood].
Pegasus: Hey, where'd you get that Star Trek looking scanner thingy?
Lilith: I have no idea.  What in the world...Naphtali...this blood, it's 50% paint...do you
	know what this means?
Naphtali: ...No...hey, maybe it's mine after I turn evil and then come get shot back through
	time to this place and get cut or something. Maybe I came back to kill X and-
Lilith: NO!! you are NOT turning evil! I've had it up to here with people turning evil and
	then trying to kill everybody!
Naphtali: Oh yeah...well then...no, it couldn't be...our universe was destroyed and our
	dimension collapsed...
Tsunami: Someone from your past?
Naphtali: well, there were 13 children in our family, 12 of us boys and my sister Dinah...
	you see, back on my home planet-
Tsunami: Naphtali! if you are going to have a flash back start it right!
Naphtali: Oh yeah, sorry!  Anyway, 'it all started long ago on Jurai-'
Pegasus: Hey! you're not from Jurai!
Naphtali: Yeah, I know but, Kagato or X or whoever was right, everything does start like
	that. So anyway, 'long ago on Jurai'........ .........[every one looks at each 
	other in silence] meanwhile, back on my home planet, as I told you, I had eleven
	brothers and 1 sister...
The music box song from Xenogears starts to play, everyones eyes start watering, and the
flash back starts...
scene 1-

Naphtali: Wow Joseph! that sure is a nice trench coat! I've never seen one so many 
	different colors!
Joseph: Thanks, brother! Father gave it to me! He says I'm his favourite!
Simeon: ...Oh...that's great...congratulations...
Naphtali: Yeah...hah, ha, cool...I'm happy for you...
scene 2-
Joseph: Last night I had a dream that I was king of the world and that all of you bowed
	down to me!
Issachar: ...Oh, that's super...shut up and pass the butter will ya? Your majesty?
Father: Ha, ha, ha! It's great to hear you have dreams son!
Joseph: Yeah dad, and then you and Mom bowed down to me too!
Father: !!! Hey! Don't go gettin' to many ideas!
Naphtali: Yeah, Joseph. No one would ever listen to you if-
Father: Shut up Naphtali, you're just jealous because I like him better!
scene 3-
Judah: hey here he comes! Let's kill him!
Gad: We can't kill our own brother!
Naphtali: Yeah, killing him would only be justice. I want revenge!! Let's beat him 
	unconcious and leave him in a pit till we decide what to do with him.
scene 4-
Joseph: HEEELLLLPPP! Please!! You can't just leave me here!!!!
Levi: Ha Ha Ha!!! That's what you get!
Naphtali: Yeah, we'll let you out when we decide how to torture you!
Joseph: Naptali please!! I'm so scared! Please!! Let me go! You said you'd always look out
	for me...
Naphtali: [eyes filling with tears and looking away] SHUT UP!!!
Asher: Hey! what have you guys done!! Let him out of there now! He's our brother!
Joseph: yeah, let me out! I have to be king over you someday and if anything happens to me
	you know father will be more sad if I die than if you do!
Asher: ...OK, that's it. I say we sell him to gypsies.
Naphtali: Yeah, and then we can pour lambs blood all over his trench coat and tell father a
	lion ate him!!
Dan: Naphtali!! get a hold of yourself! How could you stain a perfectly good coat like that!
Naphtali: Mwa ha ha ha hahah!!!
Joseph: [sobbing] Please!! Naphtali!!! Don't do this, please! I'm sorry! Please, please 
	help me!
scene 5
Zebulun: Father hasn't eaten in days...
Manasseh: Yeah, mother hasn't left her room either. We should have just left Joe alone.
Naphtali: Joseph...

flashback ends, music fades.

Naphtali: Joseph...I'm sorry...
Tsunami: [slaps him in the face]
Naphtali: oww!!!
Pegasus: [kicks him]
Naphtali: Hey!! cut it out!
Lilith: [hits him repeatedly with big sticks]
Naphtali: Will you guys knock it off!! I've changed since then.
Tsunami [slaps him again] You JERK!!
Naphtali: Jeez, I said I was sorry! 

Narrator: After the long trek down the mountain side, Magnakai treks through the picturesque
	forest towards the temple. As hes making his way there, a small cat runs across his
	path.
Magnakai: Hey there kitty!
Cat: meow
Narrator: Magnakai bends down and strokes the cat
Cat: *purrr*
Magnakai: I'm gonna do the RPG thang, and add you to my party. Now what shall I call you...
	how about Pepper? Yes, I think its Pepper.
Narrator: Magnakai picks up Pepper and puts him in his bag, so that Peppers head is just 
	poking out.
Magnakai: Awww. He's so cute.

Narrator: Magnakai wanders for another couple of hours before he reaches the temple. Loud
	bangs and crashes can be heard from inside.
Magnakai: Wow! I wonder whats going on in there...
Narrator: Magnakai casts open on a window, and throws his grappling hook over the roof near
	the window. He then climbs up the rope and enters the temple....

[Nadia throws the gameboy color at Vegeta's head and nails him]
Vegeta: Ow! What the..?!
[Vegeta turns around and glares at Nadia]
Nadia: Heeey, you forgot about me Veggie..
Vegeta: Woman! What do you think you're doing?! ..Hey.. wait a second.. weren't you the one
	with Trunks I saw the other day?
Nadia: ..Er.. yeah.. so?
[Vegeta smirks]
Vegeta: Feh, I thought you were smarter than to come here to oppose me after you've seen
	what I can do..
Nadia: From what I see you can't to anything, Veggie! 
[SSJ 3 Vegeta stands glaring at Nadia]
Vegeta: Stop calling me VEGGIE!!! You can't even turn Super Saiya-jin. What're you gonna
do, poke my eyes out? I'm sooooo scared! Feh, weakling!
[Nadia smirks and looks at Vegeta]
Nadia: You've insulted me. You'd better not make me mad...
[Vegeta turns back around to face Kaiouken]
Vegeta: Yeah, whatever woman. Now.. bring it on, Kaiouken! I'll make you pay for fusing
	with me!
Nadia[mumbling]: Why do I always get ignored...it's not fair...
Kaiouken: Wait a minute. Shut up a minute Vegeta.
[looks at Nadia]
Kaiouken: Trunks? What happened with you and Trunks? Explain this to me.
Vegeta: I'll tell you what she was doing...
[Nadia's eyes get really big and her face turns slightly red]
Nadia: Ooo.. Veggie, if you tell...
Vegeta, ignoring Nadia: I was just flying by and I saw a Capsual Corp. vehicle down on the
	ground and when I went in for a closer look I found Trunks and that girl m--
[Vegeta gets knocked to the side all of a sudden]
Nadia: Why you JERK!
Vegeta: Ugh.. what the hell.. You.. How DARE you!
Nadia: You should really talk, ya know..
[Nadia's eyes seem to glow for a second and she charges this absolutely -gigantic- ki blast]
Nadia: You are SO asking for it Veggie!
Vegeta: What?! That puny girl can do THAT?!
[Nadia throws the huge ki blast at Vegeta, and everything around that area seems to, well,
blow up. And after the dust clears finally...]
Vegeta: Ugh.. I've underestimated her..
Nadia: Oh, yoo hoo! Veggie, up here!
[SSJ 3 Vegeta looks up into the air, but not soon enough. Nadia throws a huge boulder right
as Vegeta looks up at her and the boulder actually lands on Vegeta 'cuz Nadia threw it with
so much force..]
Nadia: I'm not done yet..
[Nadia charges up and flies down at where Vegeta is and punching and kicking him repeatedly
with ki powered punches and kicks]
<5 minutes pass>
Nadia: ..And take THAT!
[Nadia kicks Vegeta for the last time. Vegeta crawls out of the rubble, no longer SSJ]
Vegeta: Ugggh.. You haven't.. defeated me.. you weakling..!!
[Nadia stomps on Vegeta's face]
Nadia: Oh! Shut up already, would'ja?!
Kaiouken: They were m--? DAMN. That could mean making out, or even worse, making love! 
	AAAGH!
[Kaiouken throws Vegeta a sensu bean]
Kaiouken: FINISH THE SENTENCE!
[Vegeta munches on the bean]
Vegeta: Alright, you want to hear it do you? I'll tell you!
Vegeta: They were mak-- mfff!!
[Vegeta's mouth is covered by Nadia's hand, so he bites her hand]
Nadia: AGH! My hand! Oww..
Vegeta: They were making out. I flew by and I hid behind this tree for about 30 minutes
	watching them. Then I came out and blew up their vehicle...heh...
[Nadia's whole face turns REALLY red]
Nadia: ..S..sonna.. He's lying! That's not true! ..He did blow up the vehicle though.. But
	the other part is NOT TRUE! >_<
[Nadia waves her arms about wildly]
Nadia: We didn't do anything.. honest..!
Vegeta [laughing]: Yeah, right, woman. I was right there watching you two!
Nadia: Wah...Kaiou, who're you gonna believe? Vegeta (who is SO lying..) or me? ;_;

Back to X:
Narrator: As X and his group walk along through the mountains which have begun to look more
and more like the Alps...
X: Where are we?
Bagmus: Well, this map says that we are somewhere near the Great Glacier.
Nobuyuki: So does that mean we can pick up the Alexander materia somewhere around here?
Yosho: It would seem so.
X: Well, what are we waiting for? Let's get that materia!

Back to Kaiouken, Nadia, and Vegeta:
Kaiouken: Vegeta! Where's Trunks?!
Vegeta: He's still back in the woods. I can sense his power.
Kaiouken: WHICH WAY?!
[Vegeta points]
Kaiouken: Riiight...Now I feel him!
[Kaiouken is engulfed in a red flame and his power increases 50 fold, and he rockets off
torward Trunks]
Nadia: Waiiit!
[Nadia blasts off in pursuit]
Vegeta: Where do you think you're going woman?!
[Vegeta blocks Nadia's path]
Vegeta: I STILL OWE YOU FROM BEFORE!
[Vegeta goes SSJ3]
Zero: [gets up] Ouch Vegeta, that almost tickled!
Vegeta: Shut up boy! Let me finish off this woman!
Zero: Be my guest, but you are mine after you finish her off!
Vegeta: Yes once I am done with her I will finish you as well!
Zero: Puh~leeze like you stand a change against me!
Vegeta: You are only 7 years old, and I can take you easily. [fires a ki blast at Zero]
Zero: heh [smacks it away]
Nadia: okie...[attemps to walk away]
Vegeta: oh no you don't! :grabs Nadia by the hair and slams her down: You little
	insignifigant woman! I owe you for trying to kill me.
Nadia: Was that me? Are you sure? I mean it could have been Android #27, my clone.
Vegeta: Liar! [blasts her]
Nadia: x_X That hurt you big dummy!
Vegeta: It was supposed to.
Nadia: Ok that is it! [starts to power up]
Vegeta: Hahahahah!! what..? I sense a large power...this..this can not be.
Zero: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH [is engulfed in a red aura] KAIOKEN TIMES 45!!!!
Vegeta: Do you want a piece of this boy? You can fight me after I finish her I said! [turns
	back to Nadia who has mysteriously disappeared]
Nadia: I hope I am safe behind this tree...
Vegeta: I can sense you woman! [blasts the tree] Now come out and fight!
Nadia: eek! ok you asked for it! [powers up]
Zero: [still powering up] I wonder if I get to fight...ah well
Vegeta: Oh and woman, since you almost killed me, and Kaiouken gave me a senzu bean, my 
	power has increased much more than you could have imagined!!! Mwhahah a Saiya-jins
	power increases the most after a bad injury!
Narrator: Will Zero fight? Has his power increased a lot since his training, will woman..I 
	mean Nadia defeat Vegeta!? All this in more in SUPER SAIYA-JIN 5? part 3

In DECOY UNIT Base----
[talking to self]
Bent: Stupid, souless, officers.... Why does Kagato always give me these orders; "protect 
	Mihoshi." Couldn't ask me to do something easier.....
Bent: I wonder when he will issue the attack order....

Narrator: All of the troops are in position, and now Kagato is ready to attack...

Kagato: Well, here goes nothing. Is everyone ready?
Morrigan: Yeah, they're ready.
Kagato: Well then, lets attack!

Back to Kaiouken:
[Kaiouken lands where Trunks is]
Kaiouken: TRUUUUUNKS! I KNOW YOU'RE HERE!!
[Trunks steps out from behind the busted vehicle]
Trunks: Who....who are you?
Kaiouken: That doesn't matter. I need to ask you something.
Trunks: Oh...well, okay, go head.
Kaiouken: Were you making out with a girl by the name of Nadia recently?
Trunks: Yes...Why?
[Kaiouken glares at Trunks, arms folded, leaning against a tree]
Trunks: Oh...I see. I'm sorry. I didn't know she was taken.
Kaiouken: Hey, it's not your fault. Besides, you kept your clothes on.
Trunks: You mean...you aren't going to try and hurt me? The way it sounded when you
	yelled...
Kaiouken: ...Look, I should be going. Thanks for telling the truth.
[Kaiouken flares up and begins to fly away]
Trunks: Hey wait!
Kaiouken: Huh?
Trunks: Please...forgive Nadia. She didn't mean to hurt you!
Kaiouken: Heh...I know. Don't worry about her.
[Kaiouken flies off toward where Nadia, Zero, and Vegeta are]

*Kagato suddenly stopped the attack...*
Morrigan: What are you doing?
Kagato: Look.
Morrigan: Who is that?
[From out of the blue comes a bee like woman thingy...]

Q-Bee: Aren't you going to attack?
Kagato: You are in my way wierdo!
Q-Bee: Why is that stopping you, are you afraid of me?
Morrigan: Run her over Kagato!
Kagato: No problem, HIIIYHAAAAAAA!!!!

[Kagato strikes with enormous power and the bee-woman falls to the ground...]

Morrigan: Tsss what the hell was that about.
Kagato: Stupid woman, ok let's continue with the main event, destroy those troops!!

[Suddenly Q-Bee rises...]

Q-Bee: Whahahahaha! Good! You're strong, just as "he" presumed...
Morrigan: How did she survive that!?
Kagato: What's going on?
Q-Bee: I'll tell you...

[Q-Bee stings Morrigan who falls to the ground...]

Kagato: What did you do!!? You freak!!
Q-Bee: Whahaha! I just put her too sleep, but she will not awaken until you get the 
	antidote from me, and you will not get it until you come to my masters hideout.
	"He" has been wanting to meet you...
Kagato: You will pay! Where is "he"!?
Q-Bee: He waits for you in his mansion at Ragnarok. His name is...A.C.

Narrator: Q-Bee fly away leaving Tonnica, Shinji, Babobo2 and Kagato with a sleeping 
	Morrigan and  the Troops ready to attack.

Kagato: Damn!
[Tonnico watches Q-Bee with a puzzled look on her face]
Tonnica: "Oh no! Morrigan! And Q-Bee was my favourite Darkstalker too. What an odd thing to
	do... But I can't hang around and help Morrigan. I've got my priorites. Sorry Kagato
	but I'll buy you a six pack of Germany's best beer and a box of YanYan when I get
	back okay?"
[hops on a broom with a stuffed Zelgadis tied to the front and flies out towards Flavius'
fortress dodging the fire]
Tonnica: (Darnit Flavius...)
Narrator: Kagato holds Morrigan in his arms, and watches as Q-Bee flies away.
Kagato: Damnit. I must find a way to save her. Mihoshi! You are in charge of the troops. 
Mihoshi: Yes sir! I will do my best!
Bent: Oh God no!
Kagato: Bent, I want you to make sure nothing happens to Mihoshi. I am going after A.C.

Upon hearing Kagato's order to attack.....

[Mihoshi is standing in front of her gear and is finishing a speech....]

Mihoshi: Ok....so remember,.....is it time to eat yet..? 
[Bent looks around with horror.]
Bent: Miss Mihoshi....don't you think we should begin the attack.
Mihoshi: Oh, attack...? Oh, that's right... "ATTACK EVEYBODY!"
[The Gears take off while Mihoshi is still standing in front of her gear]
Bent: Arrgh!!!! Get in your gear!!!
Mishoshi: Oh that's right....
[just then a huge beam of firey death blast through the sky destroying the gear units...]
Mishoshi: Wow, look at the pretty lights....
Bent: No! No! don't let it just be the two of us NOooooooo!

Back to X:
Narrator: X and his group continue to travel through the mountains when suddenly....
Yosho: What is that in the sky?
Nobuyuki: It looks like some kind of bee person.
X: That looks like Q-Bee.
Bagmus: Q-Bee?
X: She works for A.C.
Yosho: Should we follow her?
X: Yes, we should. A.C. might be up to something.

Narrator: And so, they set off in the direction in which Q-Bee was headed, unsure of what
	awaits them.

Back to Nadia:
Vegeta: You'd better get ready 'cuz here I...
[Vegeta stops in mid-sentence and the camera angle changes and Nadia is seen with a
Playstation playing FF7]
Nadia: Ha ha! Stupid Shinra soldier! Diiiee!
[Vegeta walks over and grabs Nadia's hair pulling her back]
Nadia: Ow ow ow ow oooow!! That's hurts!!
Vegeta: ARE YOU LISTENING TO ME?!
[Nadia blinks at Vegeta like a little kid]
Nadia: Uhh.. now I am?
Vegeta: Don't push your luck woman! Now prepare to die!
[Vegeta charges up a ki blast in each hand]
Nadia: That's not good..
[The camera switches to a shot of Zero's face.. then all of a sudden Zero disappears!]
Zero: What the..?! O_o;;
[Nadia had grabbed Zero by the arm and put him right in front of her]
Zero: Heey!! What are you doing?!
Nadia: Stay still! You're my shield!
Zero: I'm WHAT?! You can do this to me--
[Zero starts to struggle like mad but Nadia manages to keep a hold of him as Vegeta fires
the ki blasts at them]
Zero: ARE YOU CRAZY?! LET ME GO!!
[The ki blasts are closing in at an incredible speed...then there's a loud BOOM! When the
dust and smoke clear Nadia steps forward to a fried Zero and she crouches down so that she's
level with him]
Nadia: You told me to let go, so I did.
Zero: I didn't.. [cough] mean like.. that!! [cough cough]
[Another shadow appears, being Vegeta, of course]
Vegeta: You dodged it?!--
Zero: Blocked...
[Zero coughs up another puff of smoke]
Vegeta: It doesn't matter! Any last words before you die?
Nadia: Shhh! Listen..
Vegeta: Foolish woman! I don't have time for this!
[Nadia jumps up and down excitedly]
Nadia: It's Kaiou! Kaiou's coming!
Vegeta: What are you talking about?! I can't sense him coming! Stupid woman!
[Vegeta charges Nadia, and halfway there he gets kicked in the face so hard he flies through
the wall]
Kaiouken: I'm back!
[Kaiouken looks at Nadia]
Kaiouken: Hey. You cheated on me!
Nadia: ...I know...
[Kaiouken sighs, then goes over and gives Nadia a hug]
Kaiouken: It's alright. I'll forgive you...this time. Besides, I cheated on you, so I guess
	we're even now.
Vegeta: DAMN YOU! I'M GOING TO KILL YOU!
Kaiouken: ...
Vegeta: Don't just stand there! Get ready to fight! Or would you rather die?!
Kaiouken: I am ready to fight YOU.
Vegeta: FOOL! YOU'LL REGRET THOSE WORDS!
[Vegeta flares up and goes SSJ3 again, then bolts toward Kaiouken. Suddenly, Kaiou does 
kaioken times 1000 and slaps Vegeta across the face]
Kaiouken: Stupid Veggie.
[Vegeta falls to the ground, completely drained, unable to move]
Kaiouken: I'm not even super saiya-jin right now. You aren't even worth fusing with anymore.
Vegeta: Ugh...impossible...
Kaiouken: Go train Vegeta. You need it if you want to compete with me.
[Kaiouken looks over at Zero, then at Nadia]
Kaiouken: Heheh, Zero, I think you might need some training too. You wouldn't make a good
	match for Nadia.
Zero: Hey what's that supposed to mean!?
Kaiouken: You are too weak for battle!
Nadia: I can train with you Zero...
Mysterious Voice: I'd say you are all strong...!
[Zero, Nadia & Kaiouken turns around to see a mysterious bee woman figure]
Q-Bee: ...but not strong enough!
Vegeta: Is...is that Queen-Bee...? Oh my god! I'm too weak right now, I'm outta here. Oh
	boy, I pity you guys....
[Vegeta makes a run for...]

In the now abandon decoy base----
[Bent is siting down and crying. Mihoshi walks up to him]

Mihoshi: Are you hungry too....
Bent: (no..my life is over, why did we have to live) No, Mihoshi I'm not and we don't have
	any food anyway.
Mihoshi: No Food..![Mihoshi drops down and starts to cry]  Please if you buy me some I'll
	pay you back.
Bent: (must not kill her....) There is nowhere around here to buy anything, EVERYONE is
	dead.
Mishoshi: You know what, I bet if we had some rice balls we would feel better.
Bent: ...

Back to Kaiouken and the others:
[Kaiouken stands with his arms folded, glaring at Q-Bee]
Kaiouken: Not strong enough? I doubt that. Depends, strong enough for what? If you're 
	implying that I'm going to be fighting you, forget it. I don't hit girls.
[suddenly, Trunks appears, then lands and whines/yells like he always does]
Trunks: KAIOUKEN! DON'T UNDERESTIMATE HER!!
[Trunks thinks "Oh no...I couldn't change a thing!"]
[Kaiouken turns his head]
Kaiouken: Huh? How does he know my...
Q-Bee: Excuuuuuuse me!
[Kaiouken faces Q-Bee]
Kaiouken: Alright what?! Spit it out!
[Trunks runs toward Kaiouken, thinking "I've got to save him! I can't let him die!"]
Q-Bee: A.C. sent me to test you're strength. You say you don't hit girls so maybe you are
	not as barbaric as A.C. and I thought...
*Q-Bee reaches for something on her back.
Trunks: My god! I will never make it, hang on Kaiouken!
Kaiouken: Yes, uh I don't hit girls but, eh you are more of a bee, no?
Zero: Tsss... should I take care of this for you Kaiouken?
Nadia: Wait!
Q-Bee: Now, let's see how you HANDLE THIS!!
Trunks: NOOOOOO!!!!!!!
[There is a moments silence... then Kaiouken open his eyes and sees Q-Bee reaching out with
a tiny box in her hand]
Kaiouken: What's that?
Q-Bee: If you guys are strong enough then you will be able to open it for me...
Nadia: What!? Is this some kind of joke!?
Zero: Looks like Trunks passed out from the excitement... I better wake him up...
[Nadia looks at the little box in Q-Bee's hand]
Nadia: Err.. What's in there..?
Q-Bee: Like I said, if you're strong enough you'll open it for me!
[Zero is seen poking at Trunks in the background]
Zero: Hey! Trunks, wake up! Heeey!
Nadia: Uh, yeah, so anyway, I thought you were strong? Why can't you open it yourself?
Kaiouken: Hmm..is this a trick thing like pulling Excaliber from the rock?
Q-Bee: You can be strong in many ways, and my most powerful strength doesn't lie in my
	arms...
Nadia: Just blast it or something!
Q-Bee: No! You might destroy its contents.
Kaiouken: Besides, I have my pride! I must remove the lock on the box with my bare hands!

Random office front somewhere:

After taking a long vacation..... Neosaim returns.... And opens a Free-Lance Mercenary 
Office!

The sign reads:

Great Mercenary at hire! Look at my abilities and see for yourself how useful I am!!!
ABILITIES: Capable of using lesser level Elements, and the Great, Unique, and Atonishing
ability of......
DISGUISING AS A CHEERLEADER!!!!!!!!
You can't overlook this abilities, can you?
OPENING DISCOUNT!
Since these are me first days here, I'll give you a big deal: Any job, at the ridiculous
price of............5 slices of cheesecake!!!!

Some time passes...

Neosaim twiddles his thumbs while humming....
NEOSAIM: Lee dah dee dah.... Hope somebody cooomes...
[A girl comes through Neo's office]
GIRL: Are you... Neosaim?
NEOSAIM: Yes... What can I do for you?
GIRL: Can I give you some advice?
NEOSAIM: Ok....
GIRL: For somebody who disguises as a cheerleader, 5 slices of cheese cake is too much!
[Girl leaves...]
NEOSAIM: Maybe I should look for a job myself???
