Hot Springs for all
By B-chaos
Discription: Mihoshi and Kiyone decide to take a vacation together to a 
hot springs and so does the crew of the Outlaw Star.

Disclaimer: I don't own the characters from either Tenchi or outlaw 
star so please don't sue me I beg of you I am a poor broke dude


On this normal enough day near the Masaki household, the sun was up and 
all you could hear were random explosions caused by the continual 
fighting between Ayeka and Ryoko. Out in front of the household a very 
interesting conversation was going on between the .two female officers 
Mihoshi is on her knees in front of Kiyone and is says, "Please, Kiyone 
I want to go also please."
Kiyone shout back, "No, Mihoshi I want to take my vacations on my own. 
This is the only time when I can get away from you."
"Please, Kiyone."
The ever so sad look on Mihoshi face finally broke down the cold-
hearted Kiyone. Then Kiyone said something that she knew that she 
probably would regret. "Ok Mihoshi, you can come with me this one 
time."
Mihoshi jumps up from off her knees and starts to run into the house so 
that she can pack her stuff for the trip that they will be going on. 
Kiyone looks down and thinks to her self, 'this is doing to be the 
worst vacation that I have ever been on' 
As she looks back up she sees Sasami staring back at her and Sasami 
calmly says, "Kiyone where are you and Mihoshi going on vacation, I 
hope it is some place fun, and I hope that you both have a wonderful 
time."
Kiyone says, "were are going to some hot spring that I heard of," then 
she mumble to low for Sasami to hear, "but the only way I could have a 
good time if Mihoshi was not coming with."
"What was that Kiyone I could not hear the last p..."
Just that very moment Mihoshi run out of the house holding bags under 
each arm and saying, "Kiyone I'm ready to go, are you ready?"
Kiyone breaths a sigh off relief that Sasami was not able to hear the 
word that came out of her mouth. Kiyone turns to Mihoshi and says, 
"Mihoshi you go get the ship ready while I go pick up my bags from in 
side of the house."
"Ok, Kiyone I'll do that"
A moment or two later Kiyone and Mihoshi were ready to board their ship 
so that they could go on their vacation to the hot spring planet that 
they each heard so much about. As they were boarding the ship both 
Mihoshi and Kiyone saw all the members of the Masaki household standing 
there waving good bye. Tenchi called out, "I hope you two have a good 
time on your vacation." 
Everyone watches as Mihoshi and Kiyone's ship pulls off towards its 
destination the hot spring planet Tenrei. 
	
In a bar on the space station Trirate. The female catarl-catarl Aisha 
Clan-Caln is running around asking Gene Starwind, "when are we going to 
find some treasure, come on Gene you can't just fly around in that ship 
doing absolutely nothing."
Gene puts down his glass and calmly replies, "Well I do have an idea of 
a place we can stop by quickly."
Jim asks Gene, "Where are you thinking about going?"
 "I want to go back to the hot spring planet Tenrei."
Aisha jumps out of nowhere on to Gene's back and says, "Why do you want 
to go there the hot springs were not even that hot."
Jim with a smile on his face says, "I bet he want to see all of the 
site that he missed."
Gene replies, "I'm not like that any more I have a wonderful and 
beautiful girlfriend named Melfina."
"Gene then why do you want to go back to that planet."
"I want to go back there to relax in those hot springs because last 
time I could not. Remember I had to get those caster shells. I also 
want to thank the wizards who gave me the shells."
Suzuka calmly puts down her cup of tea and says, "I think that it is a 
good idea of your Gene to go thank all of those wizard who helped you 
out so much. I would love to come along with you to meat these 
wizards."
Aisha runs over to Jim pats him on the head and says, "hey Jim you 
wanna go see the great hot spring that I found while those two go see 
some boring old wizards."
Jim is greatly surprised by the catgirl's offer, but he does not want 
to say no to her because it might get her angry and riled up. So he 
says, "ok Aisha" then he turn toward where Melphina is standing and 
asks, "hey Mel what are you going to do once we get down to the 
planet."
Melphina replies, "I'll go find something to do maybe try to meet some 
people."
Gene turns towards Melphina, "your loss those wizards are some very 
funny people."
Suzuka says, "I wonder are they more interesting than you."
" Not a person in this whole universe is more interesting than me."
The whole crew of the Outlaw Star exits the bar. And start to make 
there way back towards the port where their ship is parked. Once they 
arrive at the ship Gilliam asks, "so Gene where are we off to now"
Gene replies, "We are off to the hot springs planet Tenrei"
Melphina in side of her capsule says, "All systems are a go."
"Then were off to the hot spring. Let's go!"
At that very moment the Outlaw Star zooms off towards the hot springs 
planet.

I hoped you liked part 1 of this fanfic. Your feed back will help this 
fanfic get finished so email me all feed back at bafarmer2@cs.com
