Hot Spring for all 2
By B-chaos
Description: every one finally Arrive at the Hot springs, but 
every one has also split up. 
Disclaimer I still don't own either Tenchi (owned by Pioneer and 
Aic) or Outlaw Star (owned by Sunrise inc.) star. So still don't sue me 
because I am still broke. 


On board Mihoshi ship Kiyone is busily flying toward the hot 
springs planet while as usual Mihoshi is a sleep at the secondary 
control. Kiyone looks over at Mihoshi and thinks, 'well at least she is 
not talking my head off, but how many hours does she need to sleep a 
day.' 
A moment later the ship's computer comes online and says, "we 
have arrived at the hot springs planet Tenrei and the auto message 
says, the we should have a nice vacation on the planet."
Kiyone shakes Mihoshi to wake her up then Kiyone says, "Mihoshi 
we have arrived get your bags and my bags from the cargo bay and lets 
go."
Mihoshi happily replies, "ok Kiyone I'm sure that I will just love our 
vacation together, and we you joking when you said that I should try to 
stay far away from you while we are on this trip."
"No, I was not joking Mihoshi I want to have a relaxing vacation 
and maybe find some nice guys or something. So I want you nowhere near 
me and I think that you should do the same thing try to find something 
to occupy your attention while were on this planet."
Mihoshi with a really sad look on her face says, "Ok Kiyone if 
that's how you want it I will try to avoid you the whole time." 
"Yea that is how I want it"
As the ship sets down on the planet and Kiyone and Mihoshi 
prepare to disembark. Kiyone turns to Mihoshi and says, "Mihoshi first 
thing we must do is to go to our hotel where I have separate room set 
up for us."
Mihoshi compliantly says, "Ok Kiyone"
Right when they leave the ship they are greeted by people dressed 
in very odd costumes and the people are telling that that they must go 
and get changed in there bathing suit. Once they finish doing that they 
notice a sign, which says.
All people who arrive on the hot spring planet must at all times 
Be in a bathing suit except in the designated areas.
	Kiyone thinks to her self "hmm maybe I should have not packed all 
these clothes."
	Mihoshi says, "Well, we should be off to the hotel to check in."
	Mihoshi and Kiyone walk towards their hotel and as they are 
walking Kiyone thinks, 'maybe this trip will not turn out all bad'
Mihoshi thinks to her self, 'how will I have a good time while being 
separated from Kiyone for such a long period of time, well I better 
find something to do while I am on vacation'

	While on board the Outlaw Star Aisha has deiced to tell Jim all 
about the great hot spring that she went to on her first trip down on 
the planet. Jim says, "Aisha I don't think that was a hot spring if the 
water was red and you were seating in a large crater shaped object I 
think you were in a volcanic pool of lava." 
Aisha replies, "so what it was great I think you should go with me this 
time Jim"
"Well ok I will just check it out, I might go in but I think that 
humans might not be able to survive the temperatures of that area for 
to long."
Gene walks over to where Melphina is and asks her, "Are you sure 
that you want to go by your self?"
Melphina while in the tube just nod and says, "Gene you don't 
have to worry about me I will be ok."
"In that case I hope you have a good time Melphina"
Suzuka walks over to Gene and asks, "So how long of a walk will 
it be to get to each of the temples that the wizards live in?"
	"Not to long because I already know where they live, but the 
traps leading up to the women's temple is a pain in the neck to get by. 
Well we should all get changed in to our bathing suits so that we will 
not have to deal with those costumed weirdoes again."
	Jim, Aisha, and Suzuka all leave toward their room to get 
changed, while Gene and Melphina stay onboard the main part of the 
ship. Gene walks over to Melphina again and asks, "are you sure you 
don't want to come with me and Suzuka?"
	Melphina say, "I am sure Gene, like I said before you don't have 
to worry about me so much, I can take care of my self."
	Gene kisses the glass like diver between them then says, "you 
better have fun out there I will not want to fly around with a sad 
girlfriend."
	Gillaim says, "We should be arriving at Tenrei very shortly."
	Gene jumps back into his chair and say to everyone, "has every 
one gotten changed"
	Aisha turns and says, "of course we all have how about you Gene 
you are still wearing you normal clothes."
	"I know I am wearing a bathing suit under this after I land this 
ship I will put it on quickly."
	"Ok Gene, hey Suzu that's a very odd bathing suit"
	Every one toward where Suzuka is sitting to see her I a one piece 
red bathing suit with three blue dots going down the center of it. When 
Suzuka sees that every is looking at her she says, "the reason why I am 
wearing this one is because it covers up a little more that what I was 
wearing last time," then she looks Aisha right in the every and says, 
"I told you never to call me by that."
	 After the Outlaw Star finally touches down and every one is on 
the ground the costumed patrol people come to check every one out. When 
they get to Suzuka they force he in to one of the changing booths where 
she gets changed it to a much nicer 2 piece pink bathing suit. Once 
Suzuka get back to where the rest of the crew is standing Gene says, 
"Ha they still made you change and I think this one shows a bit more 
than the one you got last time. Any ways me and Suzuka will travel to 
the temples quickly to say thanks and stuff then well meet back at the 
hotel tonight"
	Jim says while Gene and Suzuka are walking off, "hey Gene what 
are going to be the rooming a accommodations for tonight."
	"No clue I guess well figure that out when we get there"
	 Aisha grabs Jim by the arm and says, "Well it's time for us to 
get going." 
Melphina looks and sees Jim getting dragged off and sees Gene and 
Suzuka walking together she thinks to her self, ' I better find some 
thing to do.'

I hoped you liked part 2 of my fan fic in part 3 the two separate 
stories will become one. How I have no clue? Email me at 
Bafarmer2@cs.com with all of your comments and flames.
