DISCLAIMER: I do not own Tenchi Muyo. I do not own Food Network. I do not
own Iron Chef,and I am not getting paid for this. I do not own any one on
Iron Chef either.

                   The Iron Chef Battle of a Life Time
                                 Part 1


One day Sasami was preparing to make a stew for dinner but couldn't find any
carrrots.

"Ryo-ohki!", yelled Sasami angrily looking for the guilty cabbit. Sasami
looked at her watch and realized it was almost time for everyone in the
entire houses favorite show.

"Come on you guys it's almost time for Iron Chef, and it's a new episode!,"
yelled Sasami up the steps.

"Just a sec," called Ryoko "I have to finish helping Aeka put on her Chen
Kenichi hat."It was a very odd thing but when Iron Chef came on Ryoko and
Aeka weren't at each others throat.

Down the steps they marched Tenchi in front as Chairman Kaga (the guy who
paid for and came up with the whole idea)then Ryoko in her Iron Chef
Masaharu Morimoto hat and costume, third was Aeka in her Iron Chef Chen
Kenichi costume and hat, followed by Mihoshi in her Iron Chef Hiroyuki Sakai
costume and hat. After they came down and sat in front of the TV Washu ran
out barely dressed in her Iron Chef Masahiko Kobe costume and of course hat.

They flipped to the Food Network and the show was just starting. Sasami
wipped her hands on her apron and came in to the living room to watch.

As Chairman Kaga began to anounce the information about the challenger all
of them said in unison "if memory serves me right"and burst of laughing.

"Shh...I want to her this."said Sasami.

After they had anounced the challenger which had been ANOTHER one of the
Ohta faction, they anounced the theme ingredieat.........CARROTS.

Suddenly out of nowhere came Ryo-ohki "Meow,"she said in anticipation.

"There you are,"said Sasami scoldingly but then welcomed the Cabbit into her
arms." So what Iron Chef did the Challenger pick?,"asked Sasami,"I didn't
hear."

"It's Morimoto, the only one the Ohta faction ever picks,"said Ryoko beaming
that her favorite Iron Chef had been chosen.

During the break Tenchi asked his dad,"Dad are you sure that your taping the
right show and know what you're doing?", Tenchi asked worried.

"Of couse I know what I'm doing, I taped your mother all the time just push,
pull this out, turn this knob ,"said his dad confidently, not making Tenchi
anymore sure.

Suddenly the picture on the TV went out.

"Dad!,"Tenchi groaned,"Great, now we can't watch it any more."

"Well, that stinks but I better get dinner ready,come on Ryo-ohki"said
Sasami disapointed. "Meow,"Ryo-ohki whined, sad that she was missing what
would probaly have been her favorite battle.

"Let's go Ryoko, and get back in our regular clothes,"said Aeka, slowly
getting up.

"I'm coming,"said Ryoko

"Dinner will be ready in a half hour,"Sasami called to
Ryoko,Tenchi,Washu,Mihoshi and Aeka as they made their way up the steps.

Ryoko suddenly stopped half-way up the steps and said in an excited
tone,"Sasami you should call Chairman Kaga and see if you can get on the
show. I mean, you're a awesome chef, and you would be the youngest person
ever on the show. It could be the chance of a life time."

"Really, you have a great chance. You're the best cook around, and I bet if
they didn't belive it all they had to do is try some of your rice balls and
even that, I'm sure that would be enough to win their hearts,"said Aeka in a
hurried tone just as excited as Ryoko.

Just then the phone rang. "Hello?," said Sasami."Yeah.. sure.. that would be
great....so Wednesday at 2:00.... sure I'll ask them. I bet they'd love to
come, thanks..bye!"Sasami hung up the phone.

"You'll never guess who that was!?"said Sasami laughing and smiling, her
face bright red.

"Who,"said Tenchi, Ryoko, Washu, Aeka and Mihoshi, all in unison,all of them
excited and confused.

"Drum-roll please......It was Chairman Kaga, and he wants me to come on the
show next week. All of you are invited, and you get sit in the royal box too
and watch me!

Next Time....The battle begins
