Sorry I haven't sent anything in for a while, my comp crashed. I decided to
have 3 parts instead of 2. Yeah, and I don't own any of the stuff mentioned
in the story, cept the idea.

             The Iron Chef Battle of a Life Time
                    Part Two: The Studio

We once again join our friends as they make their way to the studio where
the show is being taped.

        "I'm so nervous!“ said Sasami, wringing her hands, looking out the
car
window.

        "Don't worry," said Tenchi smiling,, "You'll do great"

        There was a long a long awkward silence.

        "Why are you guys all so worried?" asked Mihoshi. Getting no answer
she
said ,"I think I'll turn on the radio. We  need a little music."

        "NO!" they all said in unison.

        "Here we are!" said Tenchi's dad, in a triumphant tone, the group
made him
leave an hour early because it was almost a fact that every time he drove
they ended up getting lost and this hour would give them plenty of time to
find  the studio.

        They all got out of the car and made their way to the large rotating
doors
in front of them that they hoped led them to the studio.  Once inside they
made their way up to what appeared to be the front desk, where a lady in a
business skirt was noisily chewing gum.

        "Whadda ya want?", the receptionist asked, looking disgusted.

        ‘She must be having a bad day’,  Ryoko thought, hoping her attitude
wouldn’t down Sasami’s high spirits.

        "Um, we're here for Iron Chef.  My sister, Sasami is supposed to be
on the
show as a challenger.  We were also invited to sit in the Royal Box and
watch," said Aeka in the politest tone she could muster.

        The lady picked up a phone and pushed a button. She waited a little
bit
before speaking into the phone, "Yeah.. this is Shirley, is Frank over
there? I got these kids who say they’re here for Iron Chef...,"the lady
looked up at them while she was listening to the person on the other line,
"That's them. OK bye.“ she hung up the phone and pointed to a hallway," Down
there and to your left. You'll  come to some big doors. That'll take you out
side to the back , keep headin' forward and you'll come to it. You can't
miss it." he said while she pointed.

        "Well, I guess this is it." said Sasami as they headed down the
hall.

        "Oh  I'm so excited," said Mihoshi almost jumping up and down.

        "Calm down Mihoshi or I'll give you a tranquilizer, and I'm not
kidding,“
said Washu, looking very serious, "you could totally ruin Sasami's
concentration and not only blow this whole thing for Sasami herself, but for
all of us."

        "Not only that, but you'll give the Masaki family name a bad
rap."said
Tenchi trying to be as serious as Washu.

        “Oh, don’t worry guys, it’ll be fine, I do my best and have fun”,
said
Sasami

        "Through these doors right?" Aeka asked looking up at the large
doors in
front of her, pushing one slightly open.

        The group was hit with loud noises, lights and smells as the doors
opened.
“Yup, this is -it-,” said Sasami, rather awestruck at the magnitude of it
all.

        There was a cough and the group turned to see a rather short man.
“You
the..” he trailed of as he glanced at his clipboard. “Masaki group?”

        “Yup, that’s up.” said Tenchi with a slight nod.

        “Come with me. We’ll get you all fixed up and ready for the show.
Make up,
clothes, everything. Hope you’re going to really enjoy it.” the short man
said as each of them were  wisked away by different people to different
places.

        The loud speaker booms. “Show to begin taping in 1 hour!”

        To be continued..