All "Tenchi Muyo" references are copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer LD. All "Indiana  
Jones" references are copyrighted by Lucasfilm, Spielberg, and whoever else. 
This is an amateur, non-commercial story which is not produced, approved of, 
or in any way sponsored by the holders of the trademarks/copyrights from which 
this work is derived, nor is it intended to infringe on the rights of these 
holders. A whomp bah bah loo bop, a bom bam boom.
 

INDIANA JONES AND THE DEMON'S SHRINE
by Jeff Morris (jeffreysmorris@aol.com)

July 1946

	The summer night lay heavy upon all it touched; a faint dampness could be 
detected on every plant, every tree that you touched. The only illumination in the sky 
came from the stars that shimmered in their eternal constellations. The air was still, 
unbroken by even the slightest breeze that might offer some comfort or relief to the 
people who lived at this tiny Shinto shrine. 
	No big deal; according to Dr. Indiana Jones' research, the sole resident was the 
shrine's priest, an old man named Katsuhito Masaki. He wouldn't be a problem. Indy 
crept carefully through the woods that surrounded the ancient site, taking his time going 
the long away around. While it might be nice to visit the place some other time, his 
business at the moment was to the north-to be precise, the cave that overlooked the 
shrine.
	It took Indy about an hour to get there. He paused beside the rocks to catch his 
breath--he wasn't quite as young as he used to be--and review his notes. Ever since he'd 
first heard about the legend from the group of American soldiers who'd been stationed in 
Okayama--thank God for the G.I. Bill--Indy had been doing a great deal of digging 
through more Japanese reference volumes than he cared to think about. It hadn't been 
easy;the stories varied from era to era, at times seeming to be deliberately 
contradictory. But if he was right, there were two incredible artifacts to be discovered 
inside this cave. With any luck, they'd both be on display in the museum by the end of 
the month.
	The old, rusty padlock offered no resistance to the butt of his trusty gun. Indy 
carefully swung the door open and crept inside, almost sighing audibly as the cooler air 
brushed against his sweat-soaked skin. He reached into his pack and retrieved a 
flashlight. The harsh yellow light played eerily on the stones and shimenawa draped 
around them. Indy's neck hairs bristled; the entire cave, once cool, was now clammy and 
oppressive. He had the distinct feeling he wasn't wanted here.
	His breathing echoed oddly in his ears as he closed in on the tiny little shrine that 
was supposed to house the first artifact. Sure enough, once he worked the doors open he 
spotted the hilt of the ancient sword that according to legend had conquered a vicious 
demon that had been laying waste to the land. Indy lifted his flashlight; the light struck 
three beautiful red gems that sparkled in the beams. "Bingo," he whispered.
	Another quick rummage through his pack produced a pair of heavy insulated 
gloves. Indy had found an old journal from a long-forgotten relic hunter that had talked 
about the powerful electrical charge the sword had generated. He slipped the gloves on, 
reached inside, and with a long, mighty tug pulled the sword free.
	His glee at having outwitted the thing lasted right up to the point where an 
incredible shot of pure lightning went straight up his arm and all along his spinal cord. 
Indy shouted a long string of vulgarities as he threw and released the sword in one quick 
motion; it struck a nearby rock and to his shock sliced it neatly in two.
	Seconds later, his surprise was tripled when a huge boulder ascended nearby, and 
a wall previously appearing to be one big rock slowly slid apart. Indy removed the gloves 
and put them back in the pack, then rummaged around the floor for the dropped 
flashlight. His foot hit something metallic; to his horror, whatever it was rolled through 
the gap between the rocks and went clink clink clink downhill. Indy muttered something 
foul under his breath and continued looking against hope for the flashlight.
	He found it a moment or two later, which meant the stupid sword had gone down 
that slope. Indy slowly made his way to the gap between the rocks and peered down. It 
was a fairly steep incline, but what caught his attention was the strange geometric pattern 
of the surface. Icy cold water was trickling through the paths, apparently flowing down to 
whatever was waiting below. "Huh," he said quietly to himself. He pulled his notebook 
out and slipped on his reading glasses, flipping through the pages until he found the 
appropriate section. According to one old legend, the demon lay sleeping far beneath the 
surface. This was most likely the path leading to it. Indy smiled grimly and carefully 
made his way down.


	Down at the foot of the incline, three gems embedded in the hilt of a certain 
sword flickered into life, radiating a bizarre aura that flowed straight to the center of a 
maze of geometric patterns. The water that flowed within the maze began to glow with a 
soft blue light. 
	Seconds later...something yawned.


	Back on the surface, a tree that for whatever reason sat in the middle of a lake 
began to shake gently. Suddenly a soft reddish-yellow beam shot from a branch toward 
the shrine. It passed effortlessly through the walls until it found its target--the soundly 
sleeping form of Katsuhito Masaki.
	"What?" Katsuhito slowly rose into a sitting position. He fumbled around for 
his glasses and tilted his head, listening intently to a message only he could hear or 
understand. "Oh no," he muttered under his breath as he rose to his feet. "Not another 
one." With a heavy sigh he reached for his garments and quickly dressed, then headed for 
the cave.


	"Ground floor," Indy said, grinning to himself. He looked around the cavern, 
impressed despite himself. The weird geometric pattern continued down here, creating a 
strange circular network that focused in a large hole dead center. A faint blue aura 
radiated from the water in the pathways, giving him plenty of light. Sure enough, the 
sword was lying close to the edge of the incline. It didn't look any the worse for the fall, 
but when he saw the three gems were glowing, Indy reconsidered trying to claim the 
artifact. 
	A soft, very feminine yawn echoed through the cavern. Indy almost jumped a few 
feet in the air, but quickly recovered enough to retrieve his gun from its holster. He 
slowly turned toward the center of the cavern...and froze.
	If that was a demon, Indiana Jones wanted a one-way ticket to Hell. She was 
slowly ascending from her watery prison, her soft cyan-colored hair pouring down her 
back like a wintery waterfall. She yawned again and stretched like a lazy cat, giving him 
a full view of her amply-curved body. "Wow," he said to no one in particular, but his 
voice was enough to catch her attention.
	A pair of yellowish cat-like eyes slowly peeked through heavy lids. She regarded 
Indy for a long time, then yawned again and smiled. "Hi."
	"Hi," Indy said, utterly stumped for words.
	The demon stretched again, sighing happily as her arms and legs went out as far 
as they could. "Ahhhh..."
	"RYOKO!" came a new voice; Indy whirled around to find an older Japanese 
gentlemen dressed in priestly robes standing behind him. The old man looked down at 
Indy's gun, then at him. Indiana grinned sheepishly and holstered his weapon. 
	"Ryoko!" the old man called again. The demon grunted and turned toward the old 
man. "Ryoko," he said in a stern but not unkind voice. "It's not time for you to wake up. 
Go back to sleep."
	"Don't wanna," the demon pouted sleepily. "I'm not sleepy now, Yosho."
	"Ryoko. Get back in there and go to sleep."
	"I gotta go, Yosho. Please?" The old man grunted and pointed to a far corner; the 
demon floated slowly toward it, absently scratching her butt as she drifted out of sight. 
The old man--Yosho? Indy vaguely remembered the name from somewhere, but this 
wasn't the time to go referencing his notes--turned to glare at his unwelcome visitor. His 
hard gaze remained fixed on Indy until the demon had returned.
	"All right, Ryoko. Back to sleep," Yosho ordered.
	"Do I have to?" the demon whined.
	"Yes, you do. It's not time for you to wake up yet. Now get back down there."
	"Oh, all right." The demon started to descend, then hesitated. "Can I have a drink 
of water first?"
	"No, you may not. It'll only make you have to go again, twenty years from now. 
Get going, Ryoko." The demon made a soft noise of disgust but obeyed, slowly lowering 
herself back into her watery bed. But just before her head sank under the surface, she 
paused again.
	"Yosho? Will you read me a story?"
	"No, I will not. Go back to sleep, Ryoko!"
	"I can't find Mr. Pookie."
	Yosho closed his eyes and apparently counted to ten in Japanese. "Ryoko. Go. 
Back. To. Sleep. Now."
	The demon's head vanished; seconds later, a steady stream of bubbles shot up 
from where she'd gone. Indy could think of two possible causes, and he decided to go 
with the idea that she'd given her captor a big raspberry as the more preferable option.
	Yosho turned toward Indiana. "Doctor Jones," he said in that same firm voice, "I 
believe it's time you were leaving." He nodded toward the incline. Indy took the hint and 
started climbing back up to the cave. 
	He didn't see Yosho retrieve the sword, nor did he hear the old man's final 
admonition to the demon before he too ascended the incline:
	"Now stay in there until I tell you it's time to wake up, Ryoko!"


	Indiana watched with a heavy heart as Yosho returned the sword to its resting 
place, reset the split rock, and guided him firmly out of the cave. The old man retrieved a 
brand new padlock from a sleeve pocket and replaced the old one with a hard click. Only 
then did he turn his attention to the archeologist. "Doctor Jones."
	"Look," Indy said. "I know I was trespassing, but that sword belongs in a 
museum, not in this old shrine..."
	"That's not the sword you were looking for," Yosho said firmly.
	"What?" Indy's vision was suddenly swimming, his thoughts adrift.
	"That's not the sword you were looking for, Doctor Jones, and this isn't the shrine 
you wanted."
	"I'm...terribly sorry," Indy found himself saying. "I'm at...the wrong shrine. 
That isn't the...sword I was looking for."
	"The shrine you want," continued Yosho, "is many miles to the north of here."
	"I need...to head north," Indy agreed. "The shrine I'm looking for is many miles 
from here."
	"Move along, then."
	"I'd...better move along, then." Indy nodded to the old man. "Sorry for the 
trouble." He stumbled along the worn path leading to the shrine, sure but not sure of 
where he was going. He'd get back in the car and head back to town, get a good night's 
sleep, and head north. Sooner or later he'd find the right shrine. He was sure of it.
	Yosho sighed heavily and shook his head, waiting until he was quite sure the 
American was gone. "Damned archeologists," he muttered as he headed back to the 
shrine and his bed. "Fifth one this century...I'm getting too old for this."
