For those curious, this is a crossover of Ranma, Escaflowne, El-Hazard,
and Tenchi Muyo!
Author's Note:  I am sort of just running this by all of you to see
whether or not to continue it.  Please comment, either way.
And, to explain the large opener, I decided to just explain how this
alternate universe is different, so I could just start into the story
without too much explanation and/or confusion.  If it truly detracts
from the story, please say so.

     Furinkan High School, nestled in the heart of the peaceful ward of
Nerima, was an institution like any other in Japan.  It held normal
classes, with normal hours, and a strict work ethic.  It could possibly
be considered the very example of perfection in the Japanese educational
system.
     Unfortunately, for those who actually knew Furinkan, it was
considered to be synonomous with Hell itself.  The Principal was insane,
the teachers his slaves, with the possible exception of Miss. Hinako and
Mr. Fujisawa.  The kendo club was the ruling faction, led by Kunou
Tatewaki, and the science club worked constantly with the math club on
proving Chaos Theory.
     For the large part, the students were your run-of-the-mill group of
teenagers.  However, their was a particular set that stood vastly apart
from this average.  Ignorantly leading the revolution was definately
Saotome Ranma, a martial artist with serious woman troubles.  At his
side were his two friends, Mizuhara Makoto and Masaki Tenchi.  The first
because of his extraordinary brains, the second because he was the only
person worthy of sparring with and had all the same woman problems.
These 'woman troubles' I keep speaking of are quite horrendous and
complicated, and if you don't know what I'm talking about you should not
be partaking of this story.
     Now, moving right along, hanging off the arms of Ranma were two of
his fiancees, Tendou Akane and Kuonji Ukyou.  The first one wasn't so
much 'hanging' as 'walking curtly next to', and the second... well, she
was certainly hanging, but with an unlicensed six-foot spatula strapped
to her back.  The sight, some say, was distinctly unnerving (for a Real
Life reference, ask anyone who's seen Zen at an anime convention).
     Next, draped on the arms of Tenchi, were Ryouko and Ayeka.  For
some reason their transcripts didn't have any last names listed.  Not
much is known about these two, but they certainly had their sights set
on Tenchi, and woe betide any who came between them and their designated
target.
     Makoto, well, for his part he was mostly alone.  Except for his
best friend in the world, Jinnai Nanami, he didn't see much in the way
of girls.  Nanami, in conjunction with her second best friend Tendou
Nabiki, was trying to get her last name changed.  This was mostly due to
her not wanting to share the same family with her psychotic brother
Katsuhito, who was also the Student Class President.  Let's just say,
'only at Furinkan', and leave it at that.
     As if this crew of oddities wasn't enough, their was as well a
friend, through Makoto who was a star of the track team.  She was Aoi
Hitomi, who had the uncanny ability to predict the future using Tarou
cards.  She had quickly become good friends with the females of the
group, as she had no obvious intentions toward their respective men.
     The chances of this amazing group of young people converging on
this one school was as close to impossible as one can possibly get.
Thing was, it happened, and for certain the Universe would never be the
same...

PM Productions Presents
A Phillip Masters Fanfic
Infinity's End
Part One:  What of Destiny?

     "Can you believe the school basement just caved in like that?"
     "Ha!  At this school?  Are you joking?"
     "Good point.  But it's still peculiar."
     "I hear Jinnai said he discovered it, but it was really some guy in
Class C."
     "Really?  What a loser."
     Down in the recently demolished basement of Furinkan High there was
a bustle of activity.  In the middle of the madness stood Katsuhito, who
was grinning at a nearby camera.
     "Yes!" he declared, after draging a comb through his already
perfect hair, "I, your Student Council President, Jinnai Katsuhito, have
discovered this ancient ruin under Furinkan High!"
     The reporter, who was standing next to him and looking rather put
out, replied, "Ah, yes, and what do you plan to do now?"
     This seemed to bring Jinnai up short.  "Uh, well, I believe this
ruin should be named after me, as I am its discoverer."
     The reporter looked at a loss as to how to reply, but fortunately
she was interrupted before too much dead air could leave viewers
suffering from withdrawl.  Nanami barged into the area with a
microphone, Nabiki right behind toting a camcorder.
     The microphone was stuck under Jinnai's nose and Nanami began the
questioning, "Mr. President, you have been convicted of using student
funds illegally to sway the heads of clubs to vote for you in the
upcoming election.  Do you deny these allegations?"
     Jinnai grew enraged and pointed an accusing finger at his sister.
"You... my very blood!  I can't believe you would do this to your own
brother!"
     Nanami sent a look of distaste to Nabiki, who returned the
sentiment.  She then turned back to Jinnai.  "That is being rectified as
we speak... Unfortunately, I can do nothing about the DNA, but the
legality of it will soon be a reality.  Now, answer the question!"
     Jinnai was fast reaching critical mass, and turned to the nearby
camera man.  "What are you looking at?!" he cried and pushed the camera
away violently.

---------------------------------

     "Well, that's the scene as it played out earlier today." Hitomi
explained as she switched off the interview recording and faced Makoto.
"You've got to be the witness to his crimes!"
     "Well..." Makoto began.
     "Come on!" Ranma interjected, "I know you're smarter than that!
Nail the bastard!"
     Tenchi nodded, "It's the proper thing to do."
     Ryouko scowled, "I've been hoping he'd give us a reason to beat him
within an inch of his life... but he's just too sneaky.  For once we
have dirt on him!  Makoto, you have to do it!"
     Makoto was known for his honor, especially dealing with friendship,
but the group around him was just too much.  Peer Pressure reared its
ugly head and he conceded.  "Okay, I'll do it."
     Their was general racket for a few moments as everyone cheered
Mizuhara's wise decision.  Then, Hitomi began to simply stare at the far
wall of the room.
     Akane was first to notice.  "Hitomi?  Are you alright?"  She passed
a hand in front of her friend's face, with no response.  "Um, guys?"
     Everyone looked to see what Akane was upset about, and instantly
everyone was in a circle around Hitomi.
     "What do you suppose is wrong with her?" Ranma asked, after
repeating Akane's test.
     At that moment, Hitomi seemed to fall forward slightly and gasp as
if catching her breath.  She looked around at all the people surrounding
her, and focused on Makoto.  She lunged at him and put him in the
mightiest of bear hugs.  She whimpered slightly as she clawed lightly at
his back.
     Makoto's eyebrows shot to the top of his forehead, and everyone
else simply stared in amusement.
     "Way to go, tiger." Ranma said and punched him in the arm.
     "Yeah, what did you do?" Tenchi followed.
     Makoto did his best to shrug.  "I have no idea."  He turned his
head to best gain access to Hitomi's ear and whispered, "What's wrong,
Hitomi?"
     She sniffled and pulled back from him.  After wiping her eyes she
smiled at him.  "I'm sorry... I had a particularly vivid vision."
     "What was it about?" Makoto asked, worry clear on his face.
     Hitomi grabbed her pendant and closed her eyes.  She took in a few
good breaths before beginning, "I saw this land... it seemed to be
covered in jungle, but not like any I'd ever seen before.  There was a
giant moon in the sky... and it seemed to be destroying the land with
lightning... or maybe it was darkness..."  She furrowed her brow, "I
can't seem to discern the difference."
     "Sounds like a hell of a sight, sugar." Ukyou commented.  "Sure it
was a vision?"
     Hitomi nodded, "Yes, and a very powerful one... more powerful than
any I've ever had before."
     Ranma frowned.  "That still doesn't explain why you chose Hunk-man
Mizuhara here to be your squeeze toy."  He patted a blushing Makoto on
the shoulder.
     Hitomi looked at the floor and fiddled with the pendant.  "Yeah...
well... at the end of the vision I was falling through some sort of
crevace.  Makoto... who seemed to be flying, saved me."  She smiled at
him and his blush deepened.
     Tenchi smiled, "Well, this seemed like a productive vision.  Though
I must say I wonder as to its implications.  Hitomi is rarely wrong when
it comes to this sort of thing."
     Ayeka nodded, "That is true, and I can't help but think of that
ruin found under the school.  Perhaps it's some sort of transport
device?"
     Ranma couldn't help but concur.  "Given this schools penchant for
the strange and unusual, I wouldn't put down the idea."
     Makoto furrowed his brow, "Okay, so we're all agreed that this
might have something to do with the ruin.  However, that still doesn't
tell us what.  I don't think we should go rushing into the situation
without more information."
     "Where do we get that?" Tenchi asked.
     "Where does anyone get info from around here?"
     "Nabiki!" everyone declared.
END PART ONE (teaser)
If I get enough of a response to warrant continuing, I will most likely
extend this part quite a bit.  If not, than it will probably not be
continued at all.  For some of you there may not be enough to go on, but
I should think it is enough to tell whether you would like to see more
or not.  Oh, and Zen, if you are reading this, I hope you don't mind the
mention of you, or your rather ominous and disturbing shrine to
Ukyouism.
Thanks for reading,
PMasters (8-2-98)