If Wishes Were Cabbits

Disclaimer: (Okay, You know the drill)
Tenchi Muyo and the gang are owned by AIC and Pioneer, and the respected

masters in the Japanese realm. Star trek Deep Space Nine is owned by the

Paramount Studios and respectively Rick Bergman and Mike Pillar. We are
just two kids fooling around so don’t sue us. We don’t got the money.

Author’s note---- Sorry, we forgot to establish the time line of our
story on the first section. For anyone following the DS9 timeline, this
fits into season four, towards the end. Worf and Dax are still dating,
Ziyal is still alive, Odo has his ‘powers’ back, and Kira just had the
O’Brien’s baby. For those who are following the Tenchi Muyo time line,
this is after “I Love Tenchi” and before “Zero Ryoko” in the Ova’s. This

is also based after “The Mihoshi Incident” by  Derek Sherman
Glyph: And my partner apologizes to Peter Suzuki and Ksawarrior….

Rebb01: Yeah, Never Read Fan-fics with a blood sugar level of 350.

Glyph: Told you not to chug that six-pack of pop.

Rebb01: Those ten pixie sticks didn’t help either.

Chapter ------2           Promenade Left, Promenade Right, and Exit
Stage Left.

Dax found another hail on the same frequency. She typed on the consul to

bring it up.
Sisko looked up at the young woman’s face that had appeared on the split

screen next to Dukat. She was strikingly different than the Cardassian.
Her skin very humanly pink, no real visible alien markings…
Except for her purple hair, done up almost Japanese style.

Washu typed up the frequency. “Your turn, Ayeka,” she barked out.
Princess Ayeka reacted.
“What?” she yelped. Then seeing the strangers on a viewscreen, she
composed herself quickly. “What do I say?” she whispered to Washu.
“Tell them you’re from the royal family of Jurai, what else!” Washu
snapped back, keeping the audio down. “You seem to use it any other
time!”
This is the Federation station, Deep Space Nine. Sisko spoke over the
frequency. Can we be of any service?
Sasami sat up straighter. Her eyes looked over to Mihoshi, who didn’t
seem to be paying attention (As usual).

“I am Princess Ayeka, the eldest crown princess of the Jurai royal
family. We came through the-the (What was that anomaly called, Miss
Washu?)…” Suddenly, the little red-headed girl appeared, brandishing a
heavy looking weapon. “(All right, sorry, Little Washu!) …wormhole?”
Sisko gave half a glance to Dax. She shrugged, flashing him a look that
meant, we got a couple of weirdos here.
Dukat had remained quiet. Captain Sisko did really feel that all eyes
were on him.
“Excuse me.”
A young man’s voice broke the increasing tension. Sisko watched as the
dark haired boy put his hands on the red-head’s shoulders. “Let me do
this, little Washu.”
She gave up her seat to him. Tenchi Masaki introduced himself and
explained things from their end. Sisko put his hand next to his chin,
letting a faint smile finally creep up, then disappear. He introduced
himself as well.

I grant the shore leave then, Sisko said. And we welcome the delegation
from Jurai.
“Dax, start the docking sequence for them.”
Washu suddenly interrupted. “Captain Sisko, how big are your docking
bays?”
Sisko paused. He hadn’t thought about that for a while. Dax tried to
hide her smile.
“I’ll send them to Docking bay Six, that one could contain the whole
ship, if they are worried about burglars.”
Washu laughed with the Trill, “Not exactly.” She corrected.

Sisko, Kira, and Dax hurried to the Docking bay doors. This had been
quite a day.

Washu snapped again to Ryoko. “Behave yourself.”
“Haven’t I always?” Ryoko answered back. Ryo-Oki meowed.
“We’ll let you come along after they think we’re secure,” Washu spoke to

the cabbit.
“Yeah, Ryo-Oki--,” Tenchi added. “These people don’t know us yet. What
will they think when they see you as you really are?”
“They’ll probably think she’s cute, like we do,” Mihoshi piped up.

“Ayeka,” Sasami shook her sister’s arm. “ I don’t think we have to worry

about these people.”
“What are you talking about, Sasami?”
“Captain Sisko said he was part of the Federation. Mihoshi and I met
someone else that came from that  group…”

“Welcome to Deep Space Nine,” Captain Sisko greeted them. “To be on
formalities, this is part of my senior staff.” He pointed to Kira. “ My
second in command, Major Kira Nerys…” And then to Dax. “And our science
officer, lieutenant–commander, Jadzia Dax.”
Ayeka walked up to them. She bowed, gracefully. “We thank you for
letting us come aboard your station.”
Then Washu made sure she introduced everyone else. When she got to
Ryoko, she paused then muttered low. “And this is Ryoko..”
“Pleased to meet you all,” Kira smiled, halfway returning Ayeka’s bow.
Suddenly Kira jumped because of  a low, loud rumble. Is the station
under attack? she thought.
“Excuse me,”  Mihoshi giggled, dashing that thought quickly.  She put
her hand over her stomach.
Dax also giggled, low. “Hungry?” She smiled. The group found her
pleasant. And yes, after all the excitement, they hadn’t realized that
they were famished.

“Well, we have several places on the Promenade that are considered good:

there’s the Replimat, Quark’s, the Klingon Restaurant, Chez Zimmerman.
Do you have any preference?” Sisko spoke up.
“ Any place where I can get a Drink!”  Ryoko piped up, thinking
specifically of Saki.
Kira looked at Sisko, rolling her eyes. Dax spoke up instead for her.
“Quark’s it is, then.”
They started to leave. Then Washu paused, smiling, “Oops, almost
forgot.” She called back to the ship, “It’s okay, Ryo-Oki. You can come
out.”
A little girl came out. She had golden eyes, brown and white hair, and
was the furriest little girl Kira had ever seen. Sasami held her hand
out to her, and Ryo-Oki hid her face.
“Meow,” she said aloud.
Dax smiled, going down to the little girl’s level. “Oh, she is sweet.”
“Shall we go?” The Trill continued.

The Promenade bustled with activity. Tenchi looked around in awe. So
many different species mingled about. He tried not to stare but it hard
not to, the only aliens he had run across looked for the most part human

but some of these were far from it!
He bumped into a woman. “Sorry,” he apologized, noticing the woman’s
nose. Wrinkled severely, she smiled back, telling him to watch his step.

Quark polished a glass. Then he saw the young woman stride into the bar.

Her long cyan hair brushed her back.
“What’s so interesting, Quark?” A sharp voice almost caused him to drop
the glass. As much as he hated to admit it,  the shapeshifter had snuck
on him this time well. Odo leaned  against the bar, one elbow resting in

front of him.
“How long have you been here?” Quark snapped.
“Long enough, “ Odo returned, then gazed back at the young woman. She
glanced up at the mural. “She’s not your type, Quark.”
“Who says?” the Ferengi hissed over his pointed teeth. “So who is she
anyway, new arrival from the Gamma Quadrant?”
But the young woman didn’t give the shapeshifter time to answer the
question. She strode to the bar, and sat down next to Odo. “One drink of

Saki, hot, please.” Then as if considering, she spoke up to Quark’s
back. “Oh, forget just the one, just bring the whole bottle!”
She angled her body over the bar edge as she waited. Odo watched her
manner.
Ryoko tilted her head, not speaking. She could almost breathe the stench

of “law” on this one. Then there was that big eared bartender, who she
knew was looking down her cleavage. Dirty-minded little… whatever.
Then Odo saw the rest the troops enter. Well, a group of them that
looked as close to the young woman as anyone else. The lead one seemed
to be a red-headed girl, followed by another in formal robes. She was
fuming. But then a young man entered the bar, talking to Jadzia Dax, and

holding onto a younger girl’s hand. Kira joined with her, and an even
younger girl. The youngest looked to be about five years old.
Kira looked puzzled. Yet she smiled over to the constable,  and he stood

more upright. The young woman, now finally having her alcohol, smiled
over to the others.
 “Hey, Ryoko, you shouldn’t just  go and leave like that!”  Tenchi
started to sit down, but the bartender stopped him.
“That seat is reserved for a special customer.”
Tenchi turned to see a sullen looking creature standing behind him. The
human boy gulped quietly, and moved. The walrus sat down; the Ferengi
handed him a drink. The tan figure tilted his head and looked at the
major. He had an expression that didn’t quite make a grin.
“How about getting a table for these people, Quark?” Major Kira let a
smile head towards the tan figure. “Hello, Odo.” She introduced the man.

He nodded, getting up to leave.
He started to pass Mihoshi. Then he looked at her side.
“I have to ask you to hand over your weapon, miss,” Odo held his hand
out to her.
Mihoshi reacted in surprise. “But I’m a Galaxy Police officer. Detective

Mihoshi Karamitsu, sector number 59…” and she began to rattle off a set
of numbers. Washu grimaced.
Odo let her finish. “Very nice. As the Major introduced me before, I
should say that I’M the chief of security. Hand over your weapon, or I
will take you into custody.”
Ryoko let a grimace show one her face. She knew he was a cop! Just
didn’t know he was the chief of security!
Washu mouthed a warning and Ryoko let the expression drop. Quark
flickered his eyes to hide his surprise.
This lovely young creature had a …distrust of the law. Perfect.
If only he could convince her of his plan. And the parting stare of
Odo’s as he led Mihoshi to the security office to check on her registry,

was just the perfect challenge to egg Quark on. He just had to outfox
the shapeshifter. Odo had kept him on his toes too well now. And this
had the smell of profit, he could tell.

Washu bit into the sushi roll. This replicated food was close, but it
still tasted a little off. Tenchi didn’t notice any difference. And
Sasami and her sister had decided to try some of the local delicacies.
One seemed to be a mixture that was wrapped in what looked like a bean
burrito. Bajorans called it hasperat. Washu had tried a bite, but didn’t

go for more.
“I can’t believe he didn’t believe me!” Mihoshi whimpered to the group
when she found them. Ayeka paused with the hasperat bite halfway to her
mouth. She had decided to use chopsticks.
Her eyes rolled upward in a ‘lord, help us’ look.
O’Brien and Bashir brushed by the table. “That move was illegal, Julian.

No way that dart to have knocked that low without some help in a
distraction.”
“But it was my dart, Miles. You won, not me.”
“I just want a clean game, Okay? Is that—too--,” he trailed off as
Mihoshi passed him. Julian stopped as he noticed his friend looking
after a young woman. She had just sat down at a table with a group.
“I can’t be,” O’Brien muttered. Then he looked at the table, at the
others in the group. He started to walk over to them.
Julian trailed after him, due to curiosity.
“Miss Mihoshi?” O’Brien asked. The young woman looked up. “It is you.”
Mihoshi tried to place his face. “I’m sorry, you look familiar, but do I

know you?”
“Miles Edward O’Brien, from the Enterprise,” he started, but in seeing
her blank expression, continued. “I was the transporter chief when you
first came aboard.”
“First came aboard, um, yeah, you were there when…,” she suddenly went
pale, then popped out an odd sound. “Eeeeeep!” She started to blush
furiously, then got up saying that she was so sorry. O’Brien tried to
apologize quickly, but she headed for where the first Dabo girl she
found told her where the ladies room was. Miles shrugged to the rest.
Julian caught up with him as he was backing for the door. “What was that

about?” the doctor asked.
Miles sighed, but smiled. “If you buy a drink for me, I’ll tell you the
whole thing. But do you swear that this will never be repeated?”
Julian made a pantomime that he was thinking, then in seeing his
friend’s darkening stare, relented with a surrender signal.

    #  #  #

In a secluded section of the bar, one that kept several conversations
down, Julian blurted out to where Miles had to signal to be quieter.
“You’re KIDDING! You saw her…!
“Yes,” O’Brien waved him to keep his voice down. “Keep it down. It
wasn’t like any of us planned it.”
Julian settled, then had to ask, “Does Keiko know?”
“NO,” Miles stared him squarely, “And if you want both of us to survive,

you’ll keep it that way.”

Author’s Note:

Glyph (with her hand a little close to Rebb01’s throat.) What did you
hit?

Rebb01: Sorry, I didn’t know it was the wrong one. (Choking noises) I
said I was sorry, yeeesh!

Glyph Thanks a lot for erasing what I wrote, pal. Next time, you type!
