Chapter 7---- “There are always enemies”

Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo and the gang are owned by AIC and Pioneer, and
the respected masters in the Japanese realm. Star trek Deep Space Nine
is owned by the Paramount Studios and respectively Rick Bergman and Mike
Pillar. We are just two kids fooling around so don’t sue us. We don’t
got the money.

Glyph suddenly started giggling.

 Andrew wafted his hand in front of his face. Andrew: Phew, Man!

  REBB: It wasn’t me!

 Cypher: What are you guys talkin’ about? [He notices something]  Has
Pathos been catching mice again?

 Glyph: No, But I found the remains of a sandwich that looked like last
years’ mold garden. Cypher, can you, pretty please, go dump it?

 REBB: [After Cypher had moved off] So are we ready?

 Andrew and Glyph: (High pitched, like little kids) READY!

 REBB: Knock it off, you two.

Sisko wondered if maybe he should have moved this emergency meeting into
one of the briefing rooms instead of everyone gathering to his office.
At least, there would have been more chairs.
 The Jurai Delegation was standing except for Lady Ayeka. Dax had
grabbed another remaining chair. Kira had managed to get on the couch,
next to Odo, who was sitting, oddly, stiffly.
 Dukat stood on the other side of Ayeka.
 “This has got to be straining the Universal Translator,” Dax muttered.
Sisko silently agreed. The only person that seemed to be missing was
Washu.
 “No, we’ve had worse,” Kira finally broke a smile, even with Dukat
standing there. Odo tilted his head with a knowing nod, but then rubbed
his shoulder. He had been able shape shift it back to the normal uniform
look. Yet it seemed stiff.
 Ayeka glanced at the commander with a very odd expression.
Dukat even seemed quite surprised by the events that the princess
described. This—assailant moved like a shadow, and had no real
substance, yet had somehow ripped part of the guest quarters in trying
to get to the princesses.
“Do you know if there are any enemies of the Juraian Empire, Lady Ayeka,
that might have followed you through the wormhole?” Dax asked before
Dukat did.
“There are always enemies, Lieutenant,” Dukat interrupted, “It just
depends on how powerful they are.”
Ayeka only could agree. “But, I can not say that I have seen anyone that
powerful, even for an A class criminal.”
That took some clarification. But oddly, it was Ryoko that provided that
explanation.
 “An A class criminal reeks havoc on entire solar systems, not just
cities.”
Mihoshi nodded, giving the distinction of the law of what caused the
classification. She also added, some have been caught, but none had real
grudges toward Jurai specifically since Tenchi had destroyed Kagato.
Ryoko had been his tool in that destruction. Seven hundred years ago.
Sisko paused, steepling his fingers together. “Odo,” he directed his
question towards the shapeshifter. “You were the one that had physical
contact with the assailant, what can you tell about him?”
Odo looked nervous, which was hard for him to do. His voice dropped low.
“Dr. Bashir found some minor injuries on me. I do not know, but for an
instant, when he. . .” here Odo paused. “Captain, I’m not one who likes
to admit that I’m afraid. But when he turned on me, I felt true fear.”
Odo clenched a fist. “I felt like I was seeing. . .” he paused, looking
for the words.
“The devil himself,” Sisko finished.
“What does that mean?” Major Kira asked. She genuinely looked puzzled.
This time Tenchi spoke up, “It’s an English phrase that meant that you
were looking evil in the face, and praying not to blink.”

When the meeting was over, Odo gladly returned to his office. He sat
down and was about to start back to work, when suddenly, his chair
flipped backward. Odo didn’t jump, however, he closed his eyes, until
the movement stopped. He was rather irritated that someone was moving
him.
He opened his eyes. The red headed Washu leaned over his face. She had
to be sitting on some consuls behind him, or floating. . .
Somehow, he kept his dignity, when he asked, grumpily,  “Can I help you,
Miss Washu?”
“It’s Washu-chan, but yes, you can help me. I just have a few questions.
One, I know I have missed the meeting, but was there anything else you
remember about the attack, not so much the assailant, but beforehand?”
Odo blinked. He did remember something.
“Ryo-Oki started hissing, then I felt. . . rather prickled, like a
headache.”
“Like when you were human?”
Odo didn’t gasp, but Washu could tell he was a little surprised by that.
But that quickly disappeared. “So you are a pretty good systems
operator,” he continued.
“Some would call it hacking, but all I was looking for was information.”
Washu smiled. “Nevermind, right now I just want to ask questions on the
attack.”
“Isn’t that my job?” Odo flatly asked. Washu blinked, then laughed,
realizing he was making a joke. “Tenchi visited you yesterday, here,
right?”
“What does that have to do with last night’s attack?”
Washu grinned; it felt a little creepy to Odo. “It might have more
relevance than you think, if my hunch is correct.”
She continued the questions, but none of what she asked seemed to fit.
Finally, Washu ended, so Odo asked her. “So why did you want to talk to
me this way?”
 Washu laughed, “I’m used to talking to a lot of people this way.” Then
she let go of the chair back. When Odo finally got straightened, he
noticed that she had disappeared. He shook his head in odd surprise, and
somehow, relief.

 Dax and O’Brien fed the sensor data into the lab’s computer. Still
trying to figure out how to repair the flooring back in the guest
quarters, O’Brien kept rechecking the physical data.
 “I still can’t understand it,” he muttered. Dax glanced up, her
eyebrows raised. “To create as much damage as that. . .,” Miles paused,
uncertain as to how to describe what he was seeing. “A large bomb had to
gone off in those quarters.”
 She tapped her finger against her cheek.
 “But there can be even be more powerful beings out there that can
produce that amount of power, even by thought?” a voice popped up, from
seemingly no where.
 Dax and O’Brien jumped.
 Washu had her holocomputer in front of her, and was downloading some of
their data, putting hers in as well. The Trill blinked. Dax was certain
that the young woman hadn’t been there a second ago.
 “I thought the Federation’s technology was ancient. This computer is
pre-historic,” Washu grumbled. O’Brien let a smile show on his face. At
least, someone was agreeing with him.
 “Who designed this, thing, anyway?” she blurted.
 O’Brien leaned over her shoulder, to look at her holographic screen.
“The Cardies did.”
 “Who?” Washu asked, not looking up.
 “He means the Cardassians.”
 Washu finally looked at Dax. “My apologies to their engineers.”
  Then something beeped.
“That’s strange.” Dax murmured.
 O’Brien about asked her what, but then he noticed the lighting on
Washu’s screen had changed color.
 “The temporal frequency is off on this pylon. So is this one. It’s like
they’re in a dimensional shift.” Washu pointed to the area where the
color had changed.
 “A what?” O’Brien asked.
 But Washu had blinked out of the room again, taking her computer with
her.

Washu kept typing she was bringing up all the data on the phenomenon she
could, and picking up a few pieces from other places that were along the
same lines as her search. But eventually, she started deleting what she
thought wasn’t useful to her. She scanned the pages quickly.
 One piece of data made her blink. Alternate dimensions. Apparently,
that commander, the one she recognized from the Enterprise, what was his
name, Worf? He had had some experience in that area. He had experienced
another alternate timeline.
 Alternate. Washu tapped on her keys faster yet. What about. . .
 There was a theory about alternate dimensions. Supposedly, all
decisions had at least two choices. If one person had made a choice,
then supposed in another timeline or dimension, the decision was
reversed. They would create their own realities, just as valid as the
other—like what would have happened if Hitler hadn’t gotten involved
with politics versus if he had, for one major example.
Washu changed her data in the  holocomputer to the alternate theory.
Then she typed in some qualifiers.
At least, she had a clue as to where that intruder had come from. That
dimensional shift that Dax had detected off of her equipment, it was
similar to something she had seen before. . .
With the wormhole, anything could go through it, but she had picked up
some odd information out of it as well. There was a dimensional
signature on Ryo-Oki that didn’t, to pardon the old English language,
“Line Up” with the rest of the ships or space around her. They could
co-exist, but that meshing was what made traveling through dimensions so
hard.
That assailant had an almost matching signature with them. But still, it
was not the same frequency as Tenchi or the others. Like radio waves. If
a carrier for sound radio were to try to lock into a micro-wave, what
the sound would be was static. They could be produced by the same
carrier, but be totally different.
 Washu added that in her notes. If their dimensional signatures were so
similar, could they have been followed by the assailant for the purpose
of getting a hold on Lady Ayeka. . . or. . .
Ut oh.

 Several hours after the meeting, Ryoko came into the bar, and then
signaled to Quark. The bartender nodded, handing her another glass of
Sake. She smiled at him.
“So who is the one I’m supposed to meet with?” she asked.
Quark smiled back, then signaled with his hand. She tried to see where
exactly he was signing to, but then she noticed the rather charming
being coming towards her. Well, she had to admit that some humanoids
didn’t look too human, but this one was pretty close. The major
difference on this one, was the fact that a curious wave seemed cut into
his ear.
He swept up grandly to Ryoko, but then she noticed his partner. . .

Glyph: (Bugs Bunny) If I doot it, I get a whuppin’ [She grins weird] I
doot it!

REBB: Groan! [To all you people] Bugs Bunny is owned by Warner Brothers
studios, any { lame } imitation is otherwise prohibited.  By the way,
any e-mail, airmail, black mail, {He pauses when his partner tries to
make  joke of it} white mail, snail mail, please send it to
babcoch2313@uni.edu. (Whispering) Man, when you try to be funny-wierd. .
.
