Chapter-5    Odd ends

Disclaimer: (Okay, You know the drill)
Tenchi Muyo and the gang are owned by AIC and Pioneer, and the respected
masters in the Japanese realm. Star trek Deep Space Nine is owned by the
Paramount Studios and respectively Rick Bergman and Mike Pillar. We are
just two kids fooling around so don't sue us. We don't got the money.

REBB01 : Sorry, we have been running through our email.

Glyph: And we've finally caught up. You know the usual excuses that keep
us out the story.school, work, homework, MSTing, etc., etc., etc.

Cypher: Hi, guys.working again?

Glyph: Yep, hopefully we're gonna get a little more into the story.
Let's get into it!

*   *   *   *   *  *
"So your mother died when you little, too." Jake asked in low tones.
Tenchi and he had decided to take a walk and still talk out on the
Promenade. Jake had answered the usual question of him and his dad. But
instead of backing away from the subject, Tenchi had admitted that his
mom had died also. Hers had been from some illness.
"Yeah, I was about five," Tenchi tapped his fingers on the nearest rail.

"I was about ten, when our ship was attacked by the Borg." Jake
admitted.
"The Borg?" Tenchi asked.
"A group of entities that are bio-mechanical, they worked like a hive.
They really caused a lot of suffering before they were staved back."
"Ouch!" Tenchi muttered under his breath, but asked aloud, "So your mom
died in that attack?"

 "Dad seemed to be in a slump, for a while, but ever since we got out
here, both of us had been doing better. That and this Emissary thing."
"Emissary?" Tenchi broached.
"The Bajorans think Dad is some sort of messenger from the Prophets. I
think it's kinda weird. But then, there have been things that I can't
explain."

Ryoko finally ditched her "chaperone"; Ayeka had fallen asleep in her
room. She went to look for Tenchi. And possibly that commander's kid.
She was liking this place.
She headed back to that bar.
She wanted another drink.

She now teleported to the Promenade. It was faster. It was quieter,
since many of patrons had thinned out to those who out late. She laughed
pleasantly. Ryoko felt somehow thrilled.
But she paused in front of the Bajoran temple. For some reason,  it gave
her a chill down her back, like she had felt something being there. Not
like she had seen it, but something else. She walked on, not letting the
feeling get to her.
"Hello again," Quark greeted in a pleasant manner, "Care for more Saki,
Miss--,"
"Ryoko, and yes, the whole bottle, again. Warmed."
Quark handed over the bottle, then saddled up to her elbow. "I hear that
hew-mons drink it sometimes cold."
"Warm Saki goes into your system faster," she argued eloquently. Then
she started to notice something.
She put a finger underneath Quark's chin. Suddenly, the bartender felt
his jaw tingle, as if something electrical was running on the surface of
his skin. The girl's expression turned darker.
"Hold it.Shorty, I know where you're looking," she grimly smiled. The
bartender tried to grin sheepishly.
"What's wrong with a complimentary look on such an attractive, young
woman?" he croaked. Where she was pressing was almost into his trachea!
But then she let off the pressure. Quark looked up at her face. He
couldn't tell if she was flattered or disgusted.
"Did you have something in mind?" she asked. Apparently, she now grew
curious.
"I am trying to bargain a lucrative deal.and I believe an attractive
female partner would be. an advantage."
Ryoko put her hand against her face.

Jake tilted against the rail, leaning on his elbows.
"So why are you stuck with all these girls?" he asked, kind of
tongue-in-cheek.
Tenchi groaned.

Benjamin sat down with a piece of paper. Jake kept several sheets in a
book, along with a pen. He only wrote on it periodically, if the words
were unable to be written anywhere else.
He took up the pen. He felt a sketch move under his hand, as it formed.
The three eyes. Ben blinked. What in the world was he sketching out on
the old paper?

Ryoko sounded a sigh, but kept it in check. "So what's my take?" she
grumbled.
Quark smiled a little more warmly, "I offer ten percent for your
services."
"Fifty"
"Twenty."
"Forty-five."
"Thirty, final offer."
"Forty, or no deal."
Quark let out a chuckle. But then he kept hearing a high, keening whine
from the bottle on the table. It seemed to be reacting to a strange
vibration.
"Okay, forty percent it is."
Ryoko smiled, lifting her hand from the counter. She settled back, this
time turning her side to the  bar. She sipped the Saki, looking over the
glass at Quark.
Finally, she smiled.

Odo sat down at his desk, still typing in the incidents  of the day. He
stopped, then put his hands to his face. For some reason, he felt
exceedingly tired.
Ben had given him a copy of the report he had found. At for some point,
Odo had looked over it, and dismissed it as useless. It only told of the
three that had visited: Mihoshi, Sasami, and a holographic-Washu.
He smiled faintly, thinking of the young girl, Ryo-Oki. It seemed funny
that her name meant-ocean and dragon arise.
"Meow?" came a faint call. Odo jumped.
A little furry creature that had long ears, sniffed and scratched at the
doorway. Odo got up in curiosity.
He let the door open.
The creature bounded into the security office.
"Miya! Miya!" the creature called as it bounded to his desk, and onto
the surface.
"Be careful with that!" he barked, about ready to shoo it off. Then he
noticed the sound it was making. My-Yah?
"Miya!" it echoed. He sat down in his chair behind the desk. He started
to work again.
When it jumped into his lap. "Umrp!" he coughed in surprise.
"Miya! Miya! Me-aye-yah!" it chirped.
Suddenly, the creature put his hand on top of her head. She rubbed it.
Now there was enough he took a guess, "Ryo-Oki?"
She purred, and let him turn his hand over. He started to scratch under
her chin.

Washu had fallen asleep against her holo-computer.

"So what's my part?" Ryoko asked.

Ryo-Oki cuddled against Odo's arm. She yawned and scratched with her
left foot at her ear. He noticed she liked the sound of the way he
typed. He rubbed her nose with his thumb.
Suddenly, he felt something.
"So what's my part?" he sensed. Then another, "How did the wormhole work
to get us here?"
Odo then suddenly tired enough to go home.
He picked up the little cabbit and held her to his chest. "I'd better
take you home," he murmured softly. She sighed in his grasp.
He noticed  that Quark was still talking to someone-a young woman. This
looked a little suspicious. But then EVERYTHING with Quark was
suspicious, most of the time.
Then Ryo-Oki scratched with her foot again, catching Odo's attention.
She yawned.

#   #    #   #   #

 Cypher gave a slight smile.

Cypher: A little cute this time-but vital, I guess.

Glyph: (Glaring) More than you think?

REBB01: Check out also Our MSTing, we're trying our hand in those
waters, as well.

Glyph: And send  any other responses, questions, or frosted O's to the
e-mail: babcoch2313@uni.edu
