Chapter 6----- An Attack at Night.

Disclaimer: (Okay, You know the drill)
Tenchi Muyo and the gang are owned by AIC and Pioneer, and the respected
masters in the Japanese realm. Star trek Deep Space Nine is owned by the
Paramount Studios and respectively Rick Bergman and Mike Pillar. We are
just two kids fooling around so don’t sue us. We don’t got the money.

 Glyph: Sorry, guys, too busy for comment, this time…
Odo carried Ryo-Oki into the hallway. The cabbit swayed in his arms, but
even then periodically she would look up, chirp at something, then
settled back down as if going back to sleep. She didn’t seem to
volunteer any information as to how she had gotten to the security
office, other than walking there on her own. Maybe even the owner, whom
he suspected was the little blue-haired princess, hadn’t even noticed
she had gone just yet. But the little creature also had responded to the
name of Ryo-Oki—maybe it was the littlest girl’s pet. Being
unimaginative, they had named it after the little girl. But something
wasn’t adding up.
 At least, he had the directions to the Jurai Delegation quarters…

Suddenly, Ryo-Oki perked up, acting alarmed.

Ryoko smiled, in almost a seductive manner.

Ayeka slept so peacefully. Sasami’s breath eased out of her light snore.

Mihoshi snored in the nearby room.

Washu moved her arm off the keyboard as she rolled over onto her right
arm. She slept peacefully as the others.

Tenchi and Jake laughed nervously as the went in late to Jake’s
quarters. Jake signaled to Tenchi to stop chuckling, because it might
wake his dad. Sisko, however, was up reading on some reports. Jake gave
a warm pat on his shoulder, stirring him from the words he was reading.
Benjamin smiled.
“Hey, Dad, couldn’t you use a break?”
Sisko gave a look at the clock. “Weren’t you supposed be home…an hour
ago?” But then he saw Tenchi standing by the door. “Nevermind…did either
of you boys wanted a snack? I feel like one…”

Odo suddenly felt the cabbit tense. She jumped from his arms, abruptly
yowling.
Washu woke, jumping upright.

Odo then bent over, holding his hands over his temples. He gave a groan.

A rumble shook under Ben’s feet. Jake and Tenchi both jumped to theirs.
“Dad!” Jake yelped.
Ops jumped to life as the night shift suddenly realized there was a
problem on hand. Major Kira leapt from her bed.

Quark heard a  low rumble. He then noticed that Ryoko had gotten to her
feet. Her face contorted into alarm. Severe alarm.  Then he felt his
feet suddenly get pulled off from the floor as Ryoko pulled him towards
her by the lapels of his coat.
Then he heard several glass pitchers, wine glasses, and other fragile
items behind the bar fall like a tsunami just directly behind where he
had been standing only a few seconds before.
He gasped for a moment, then got a knee up on the bar. Ryoko let go, and
he got a look at the abrupt mess behind him.
“Forty-five, it is then,” he gasped out.
“Forty-five what?” she asked, but then phased out quickly.
“The percent on the profits,” Quark sighed as he got both feet under
him. “Believe me, I don’t give that out to just anybody.”

Washu was to her feet, screaming for the others to wake up. Even
Mihoshi, who sleeps like a rotting log, was jerked awake by the sound.
Ayeka picked up Sasami, tried to find Ryo-Oki…
But then she saw the walllllll………
It seemed to be sucked up in what looked like a black hole.
She saw a white face. And recoiled in horror.
“Ayeka!” Sasami wailed.
Then Washu grabbed the other girl’s obi and jerked backwards, sending
the three of them tumbling over each other.
“RUN!” Washu hollered.
“But Ryo-Oki…!” Ayeka protested back.
“She’s not even in here! Move!”
 Mihoshi snapped open the door, and fell as the rumble shook the
corridor. She saw the very alarmed face of Constable Odo as he got
between the fleeing girls and the …
Suddenly the figure growled…or whatever it was. It called out one word…
Jurai.
The tan figure didn’t move. He was staying between him and the
frightened girls.
 Odo… Washu thought.
Then Ryoko and Tenchi appeared in the corridor. The space pirate had
Tenchi by the waist, but both were in their fighting armor. Major Kira
also appeared, flanking of the other side. She called up the force
fields in the sector up.
Odo called for his security officers.
But then the figure somehow snapped off the force fields, sending  the
floor under Odo’s feet upwards. Major Kira shrieked, in worry. But the
Constable kept his head, used the momentum to swing forward, and tried
to punch at the figure.
“Little nuisance,” the figure growled. Odo realized…and gasped.
A sharp pain flared inside him.
He thought he heard Major Kira or one of the others scream. Then he felt
several pounds of wieght fall on him…it was blackness.

Washu stared. She was gasping for breath…and felt Sasami’s tears
suddenly on her hand. “Oh, Odo…” she whimpered.
Then she saw Ayeka. Her face had been hung down in frustration…and
determination.
But then Washu recognized the figure.
Ayeka brought the force shield of the first Princess to surround the
figure.

Washu jerked to her feet. “Ayeka, wait!”

Then the figure laughed.
Washu seemed surprised…and more than alarmed.
He vanished.

Major Kira lowered her phaser. She then heard Ryo-Oki’s cries and found
the cabbit scraping at the pile of rubble.
ODO!
She joined the little furry thing, and started digging.

Ben Sisko ran the last few feet with his stomach aching. When Ryoko had
grabbed Tenchi so suddenly, then hearing Odo call for his officers… he
remembered the figure.
He found the chaos in the corridor. Sasami and Mihoshi were crying,
Ayeka found herself sporting a bruise, and Washu had gone over to help
Major Kira. He gasped a little. Who…or what could have caused this? Then
he saw a tan hand being uncovered by the cabbit…
Washu lifted carefully at the inert form. She checked for a pulse, then
realized it was a dumb…
“Odo?” Major Kira asked close to his face. “Odo?”
Abruptly, Washu slapped twice on the shapeshifter’s cheek. Major Kira
jumped.
“Was that REALLY necessary?” she snapped. But then she heard a soft
sound.
Odo blinked, then raised his hand to his forehead. It looked like he was
fending off the remains of a harsh headache, instead of just being
uncovered from under debris. He removed his hand.
“Are you all right?” Major Kira asked. She leaned back to an upright
position.
“Fine. Major,” he replied, then took her offered hand.
Ben stared at the group, seeing very confused and alarmed faces. He
began to call up some things he needed to do before getting to
bed…starting now.
One of them was getting a hold of Dukat.

After all the nuisance of the security reports, and everyone being
frazzled by the attack, Washu returned to her computer. She cleared some
of the data she had gathered, and set about contacting some friends of
hers. Ryo-Oki , still in cabbit form, jumped into her lap.
Washu smiled at her, knowing that she probably phased through the door
herself to get out in the hallway. But why was she looking for the
security officer?
That was another question Washu was asking herself.

“I’m fine!” Odo snapped one more time to Bashir. Major Kira held to the
side, not saying a word. When Odo gave a glance to her, he sighed and
settled again onto the bio-bed.
Julian quietly ran one of his modified tools over the changeling’s
supposed neck. “I’m not saying that there is something wrong with you,
but when the Major and you came in, I saw these odd marks. I assumed
they were something…”
“What are you talking about?” Odo’s tone suddenly dropped.
Julian turned, and went for a closed door. “There are some marks along
the left side of your ‘body’, as it were.” He turned back, this time
carrying back a mirror.
He handed it off to Odo. The shapeshifter looked, and saw the shimmering
areas for himself. They were patchy, almost as if he had a hard time
dealing with its shape. Odo tried shapeshifting, to smooth the area to
the cloth-like texture that he normally wore. But the areas did not
respond, as if numbed or injured. Odo began to realize that he hadn’t
felt anything from those areas…not even a sense of pain.
That area… that was where…
“He got me,” he murmured. That flash of pain. He closed his eyes,
feeling a little shaky…

Major Kira closed her eyes for a moment, thinking.

“At least, he is all right, then,” Ayeka nodded, then sat down at the
other chair in Sisko’s office. It did seem odd that it was morning now,
even with the rough night. Sasami hung by her sister’s side; Tenchi
stood behind the chair…

Glyph: Well, that’s all for this time. I’ve been too busy to meet, with
our jobs, and such…

REBB: And…were trying to do our first non-Tenchi MST…It’s an if , right
now…

Glyph: We’ll keep you posted…and (Running on verbatim) And send  any
other responses, questions, or frosted O’s to the e-mail:
babcoch2313@uni.edu