  A Deep Space Nine Crossover With Tenchi Muyo

 "If  Wishes Were Cabbits"

 Disclaimer: Okay, okay, to cover our butts. Tenchi Muyo and the gang
are owned by AIC and Pioneer, and the respected masters in the Japanese
realm. Star trek Deep Space Nine is owned by the Paramount Studios and
respectively Rick Bergman.
We are just two kids fooling around so don't sue us. What you will get
will be pathetic in the annuls of jurist prudence.

By Glyph Bellchime and REBB01

  "If Wishes Were Cabbits"

Chapter ------1   "Looking for anomolies in all the wrong places"

The air was full of humidity when Washu yawned again. She sat back and
relaxed for the first time in a week.  Water splashed around in the
flying Onsen. It gave her a place to get away from the lab.
She ducked her head under the water, then came up sputtering. She was
clearing her head.
Then she called up her holographic computer. It also contained the
project she had just finished on, developing an adapter for her computer
to the slim rod in her hands. An isolinear rod.
"Let's see if this works!" she said around her next gadget. And she
placed the cord in her modem.
Something popped up on her screen about the subject. A bright blue
spatial disturbance opened on the screen. She smiled. At least this
means that her files made on the rod were registering. Now, to decrypt
the other files.
A brown shape showed up on the screen. She let her smile grow a little
bigger. It was the space station.
Files decrypted, the screen printed. Which file do you wish to read?
Washu tapped a key. Then something else lit up.
"Hello, Miss Washu," a small figure appeared on a holographic pad. He
sat at a desk, the unfinished features on his face giving him a hard
time completing his grin.
"Huh?" Washu spat.
"I knew you couldn't have kept your hands off the security tapes after
your daughter's  and the princess's unfortunate run in with me."  Washu
grinned sheepishly.
"Well, I can't look after her all the time," she shrugged, "But how did
you get this on here?"
"I do believe you are wondering how that I had deleted your files
pertaining to your visit.  I admit it was rather difficult, but I kept a
copy."
Washu was one twitch away from cussing out the unfinished man.
"Jake Sisko's professor was very amused. He thought it was the best work
of fiction he had seen in years," the man coughed, an attempt to laugh.
And with that he signed off.
Washu sagged a little. Dammit! "He was better than I thought, that
shapeshifter."

Spring weather in the hills of Japan can be the most beautiful sight.
Tenchi Masaki looked out at the lake in the first peaceful moment since
waking up.
Not that it lasted long. He groaned as he heard another explosion coming
from the house, "Now what?" Knowing his houseguests it could have been
anything.
A voice tickled at his ears. "Hi, Tenchi," Washu carried a set of
papers, obviously a printout.
"Uh, Little Washu," Tenchi followed after her, "I thought you were that
noise."
"No-uh-oh no," she remembered something. "Ryoko said she needed
something--!"

Sasami held the spatula in her hand as she grabbed the little girl's
hand with the other. The explosion had to be where her sister and her
rival were fighting this time. At least she hoped they would be done in
time for breakfast.
"Come on, Ryo-Oki, let's find the others," she smiled. The little girl
meowed in agreement, then changed back into her cabbit form.
Good natured Mihoshi bubbled in response to the girls. She picked up
Ryo-Oki.

Ryoko and Ayeka, for some reason, several moments later, sat side by
side on the floor. Washu's daughter held her head where her mother had
clunked her with a flower pot.
"Ow! What was that for?" she snarled.
Ayeka didn't respond. She still had ringing in her ears from the heavy
bell that Washu had dropped on her. She had at least gotten that off
before Washu had started chewing them out.
"Haven't you two learned by now that my equipment is off limits when I'm
not here?!!!!!"
Now the two girls shrilly argued. Washu cut it off abruptly as her
finger touched over the same key that had dropped the bell and the
flower pot.
"You could have vaporized yourselves with that molecular reintagrator
you blew up. Now I have to start completely over. How Am I going to
explain that to the buyer?"
Ryoko started to say something, noting the position of Washu's hand. She
stopped.
" I hope that Marvin will be understanding. Why this stuff is late,"
Washu shrugged, "But I have found something that will take up some more
time before I can work on it."

Washu still gazed at the printouts. There was something there. The star
patterns were reading towards something.
She smiled.

Tenchi knocked on the lab door. Washu still typed away at her computer
terminal. He always thought about asking Washu how she was able to get
that board just to appear when ever she wanted to. But then she made
note (Really loudly) that she was the greatest scientific genius in the
universe.
That was why he oddly needed her help. This astronomy class was a
killer!
Not that he could really tell his professor where he had been or about
where his houseguests came from. A heart attack on the teachers part
would be the least of Tenchi's worries.
"Little Washu?" he asked. She hardly looked up from her typing. Which in
a way was a relief. She was always poking around his body, looking for
whatever had caused his Light Hawk Wings.
"Come on in," she called. Her hands went over the plotted points. Then
she suddenly barked. "Yes, I found it."
"Found what, Washu?"
"A  stellar phenomenon within this galaxy. A nebular covergance."
"Huh?" Tenchi blurted. Washu finally looked up from the keyboard.
" A white hole. It looks to be connected to another." She looked again.
Tenchi whistled faintly. Then he remembered his problem, "Little Washu,
speaking of stellar-stellar-whatever you said. I have a report coming up
on the same subject."(Awful convenient, he mentally worried.)
"Well," Washu smiled, "I had wanted to take a good look at this,
something is different about it is just too perfect, it is almost as if
it was constructed."
"You're kidding, that is impossible," Tenchi voiced.
Washu interrupted "Small ones are easy to make but one for this size it
would take more power than anything in our universe."  "I would love to
meet the people that could do this"
Tenchi groaned. Great, even before they get off the ground. His teacher
would never believe it
It seemed that Washu was reading Tenchi's mind with what she next said.
"You could start your report with, `Imagine this,'."

"Of course, we will need Ryoko to pilot for us so we can give this our
undivided attention." Washu typed quickly, then she added, "And Ayeka
was insistent that she goes along, just because Ryoko is going." (Just
because she wants to protect `Her' Tenchi.)
Sasami thought it was cool to see this phenomenon. That left Mihoshi,
and she didn't want to be left alone.
"I was hoping this wouldn't get so crowded," Tenchi groaned, "But at
least Dad and Grandpa didn't want to come along as well."
"Ready for take-off?" Washu laughed. For once, it sounded pleasant to
everyone else. Ryo-Oki meowed, signaling that she was ready.
Space is pretty big, and far enough away from the sun, dark. Tenchi
stared out the windows. They were beautiful, stars. Little points of
light that only gave faint hints to their mysteries.
"What are you thinking about, Tenchi?" Sasami appeared at his side.
He smiled, then rubbed her hair.
"They are pretty, aren't they?"

Washu stayed intent on her computer screen, and Ryoko tried to pay
attention to piloting. Ayeka, too , looked to the skies, blinking to
avoid watching Ryoko. Mihoshi picked at her nails, talking to herself.
It's gone. Washu gritted her teeth. How could I have read this thing
from earth and miss it out here?
Suddenly, the sky lit up in front of them in a glorious blue, swirling
light. Tenchi and Sasami reacted, impressed. Then Ryoko lurched just as
quickly. Ryo-oki tilted.
"We're going in!" Washu yelped.

Tsunami jumped, now realizing too late. Sasami! The swirling flower
closed back from where it came from. Tsunami swept to the last
coordinates. Sasami!
Then she felt a calm, almost impressed expression. Sasami was all right?
She stayed in the area, worried, but knowing that her other half was
fine.
Washu righted herself from where she fell. She recalled her computer.
The first question was.
"Where are we?" Ayeka whined.
Washu said nothing. She stared intently on the screen.
"We have company," she muttered.

Gul Dukat hadn't expected this ship. He told his men to hold their fire,
till the computer could identify it. Which it couldn't.
" Etowna gusnh pukns," he muttered. (What the fuck?)  They held still,
waiting. "Try hailing them, COM," eventually Dukat ordered. Maybe by
talking, they would reveal more of themselves.
Suddenly, several human voices yelled, swore, and tried to push their
way to the front of the viewscreen. Dukat blinked. Then a very young
girl pushed all of them away.
"I'LL do the talking!" she roared. Her red hair darted back as she faced
him. "Hello? Can you read us?"
Dukat tilted his head. " I believe that I am. Who are you?"
She smiled. Dukat somehow felt a little nervous. "You can call me
`LITTLE Washu', all right?"
One of the soldiers started to chuckle. Dukat threw him a dirty look.
Someone was going to clean the plasma injectors tonight.
"My name is Dukat, and my title is Gul, Hm, little Washu," he stood up
from his chair, "May I inquire as your intentions are?"
"We were looking at this anomaly," she began, "We got close and it
opened up in front of us. And one funky ride later, we ended up here."
"Meow!"  Ryo-oki agreed.
Dukat tried to keep a straight face. "Excuse me, but did you ship
just-Meow?"
Washu smiled, she held her hands in front of her, popping her knuckles.
The others behind her were quiet, for once. Except for Ryo-Oki, she
showed her face on a crystal that had popped from nowhere.
"Can you be able to tell where we are?" Washu got serious. She put her
hand on the crystal before her, like petting a kitten. The big eyes in
the crystal flexed, and purred.
Dukat got very quiet. Washu was beginning to feel her `cute' face start
to cramp. Was this guy unsure of his position or wasn't supposed to be
here? That probably meant trouble for both parties.
"Little Washu, I think it would be prudent if you would  follow me back
through the anomaly," Dukat spoke softly, almost with a parental tone.
Washu rolled her eyes, but agreed.
"But wouldn't  you get lost on our side?" Tenchi spoke up.
"Perhaps, but this wormhole is a very odd thing."
Then Dukat started to explain about Deep Space Nine to the surprised
guests. Even Ryoko, when seeing Ayeka's timid reaction, spoke in favor
of going.
Washu looked quiet, but eventually grinned.

Captain Sisko went to the replicator for a cup of raktajino. He still
had a reports that needed to be signed, check-ups on supplies, and
general administration duties. Boring work, but necessary.   Paperwonks
were paperwonks, and they needed the reports. Sisko sighed.
A faint alarm, Dax was working on the science consul when she registered
it. Ut oh, she sighed as well. There hadn't been much Dominion activity,
but the wormhole was usually predictable when it did open for
transports. Everyone was scheduled.
This wasn't a planned one.
"Ben, we got unplanned activity in the wormhole," Then she saw the Bird
of Prey, and groaned, "It's Dukat." She then noticed the crystalline
ship behind him. It was a beautiful shape, and a far cry from the squat
ship that  went before it.
Sisko came out of his office. A frown creased his face, an uneasy
reminder of the tense relationship he and the former prefect of DS9.
"Hail him," he spoke tersely.
Dukat held his hands before him, in the steeple manner the man had.
"Hello, captain. I would like to request shore leave for my crew and the
guests behind me."
Sisko pursed his lips. "Guests?"

Authors' notes--- Since this was our first fan fic, we sat for a moment.

Glyph: So what are we going to call it?

REBB01: Ida know. Well, the first one with the Enterprise and Mihoshi
was called "The Mihoshi Incident". Why don't we use  a combination of
the titles from the episodes.

Glyph: I got a zine on the complete episode list. Why don't I get it? (A
few minutes later) Got it.
(She starts reading off the list) . "Captive Pursuit". "Q-less", how
about Clueless?
REBB01: Naw, too cheap of a pot shot. Even for them.

Glyph: It got used already anyway. "Battlelines". "The Storyteller".
"Progress". "If Wishes Were Horses".

REBB01: Hey, what about "If Wishes Were Cabbits"?

Glyph: BINGO!!!!!
