Tenchi Muyo/ Highlander Crossover

This is a Tenchi Muyo/ Highlander Crossover. This based off the OAV continuity 
for Tenchi Muyo. For Highlander, I am basing this of the first movie and the 
show. The Quickenings will be the more spectacular kind from the movies. I am 
regarding the first movie as Conner not gaining the Prize, and will be tweaking 
the mythology just a bit so don't get angry. I don't own any of the 
characters except the ones I create. This is just for fun. Tenchi Muyo belongs 
to AIC and Pioneer. Highlander belongs to Rysher Entertainment.
Legend --> 'thinking', [telepathic], "speaking"


Immortal Among Us


Chapter One: The Space Pirate

	There are events that take place that determine the course of empires, 
nations, cities, families, or individuals. Some are small looking, but have 
immense implications. Some look monumental, but fizzle to nothing. Somewhere in 
deep space in a star system humans do not even know of its existence, a battle 
is about to take place. A battle that appears to be something small, 
but will have far reaching implications for everyone, everywhere.  
	
	"This is the 14th Fleet requesting a Koshiri class battlecruiser for 
backup. Over.", the young communications officer said. 'What is a Koshiri class 
battlecruiser? I have never heard of one.', he mused silently for a moment. 
The Galaxy Police fleet was chasing the A-1 class criminal, Karprah. Assassin, 
murderer, ruin destroyer, thief were just some of the thousands of charges 
against him. The Galaxy Police's 14th Fleet had been assigned the task of 
hunting him and his cohorts down and bringing them to justice. 

	However, they needed a either about triple the size of the fleet or about 
twenty super heavycruisers to take out the Isghteh, Karprah's ship. Despite 
being aware of the strength of his ship, they had overestimated their own forces 
and found themselves needing support. 

	"This is HQ. We acknowledge and have one en-route. Over."

	"We'll hold on as long as we can. Over and out."

	The Isghteh was an oddly shaped vessel. Many would even say ugly. It was a 
large cylinder about ten miles long with several large spheres attached at 
various intervals by short, thin pipes. At the rear were five massive engines 
moving the ship along at a considerable pace for its size. However, ugliness 
aside, it was one of the most powerful ships ever encountered by the GP some 
would say second only to the Soja, which according to rumor had been destroyed 
by the Jurain Military.

	Thousands of fighters and small frigates were attacking the gun placements 
as the hundreds of cruisers launched missiles and fired main cannons hoping to 
cripple the huge ship. Yet the shields of this despised ship remained in place. 
After all, it was the ship of an A-1 class criminal.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------

	Karprah sat back in his captain's chair, observing the fight with semi-
interest. He knew his ship was more than a match for this fleet. It was simply a 
matter of time before they all died.
	
	"Jeng, this fight wearies me, and we have important business to attend to 
with our "acquirements". End this. Inform me when we arrive at base.", he 
ordered. He stood up and walked off the bridge.

	"Aye, Sir.", Jeng replied even though the captain was gone. Jeng was first 
mate and saw to all the daily operations. He dutifully ordered those around him 
to their functions. He was an impassive being much like the rest of his species, 
the Drafia. Nothing seemed to faze him likewise his manners and actions were 
fairly predictable. Karprah had chosen him because of these qualities. 
It was highly unlikely that he would ever betray his captain.

	"All batteries cease firing. Engage the Karprah Shockwave generators.", 
Jeng ordered.

	Outside, all fire from the Isghteh ceased. 'Perhaps she is going to 
surrender.', the fleet commander thought happily. In a moment, that thought was 
wiped out, along with his ship.

	Orange tendrils of energy leapt from the spheres combining with each other 
to form a net around the ship. In a moment, the net expanded outwards into a 
shockwave. All ships within a mile were instantly destroyed, mostly fighters. 
Those farther away, most of the smaller frigates and destroyers were overcome 
with damage and tried to retreat, but many exploded with all hands on 
aboard. The larger cruisers and destroyers were too heavily damaged to continue 
and began retreating. The fleet commander's vessel was unfortunately firing 
missles at the time of being hit. The missiles exploded just outside the 
launchers causing massive damage. Combined with the other damage, the ship 
exploded.

	The next highest officer in the fleet still alive, his own ship heavily 
damaged, was screaming at the communications officer to tell HQ that they needed 
backup NOW.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------

	A flash of light on their main screen signaled a ship coming out of 
hyperspace. The ship that came out was unlike any ship Jeng had ever seen. She 
was large over four miles long. The main body, however, occupied only a fourth 
of that of that length. Most of the length was due to four equidistant spires 
stretching forward off of large pylons from the main body. The GP Battlecruiser 
Justice was ready for action as soon as she came out of hyperspace. 

	Captain Rvvy surveyed the screen. The damage shown to him was immense. A 
few ships were still capable of attacking, but at a severly reduced capability. 
'It looks like it is up to us. Why the send these ships against something like 
that is beyond me. Stupid bureaucrats.' "Alright everyone, let's bring these 
criminals to justice." The crew sounded, "Yeaah".

	The Justice started firing immediately. "Prepare the gravity cannon", 
commanded Captain Rvvy. The firefight was not one sided at all. The Isghteh was 
giving as much as it was taking. However, this new cruiser had the newest type 
of shields developed in conjunction with the greatest minds at the Science 
Academy.

	Jeng had summoned the Captain back to the bridge. The Isghteh was starting 
to take damage at a greater rate than the Justice. Jeng looked at his captain, 
who gave a slight nod, then turned back to the crew. "Prepare to fire the 
Afterlife cannon." The crew began to scramble around the bridge, checking 
systems, charging capacitors, and turning the ship towards its target, the 
Justice.

	Captain Rvyy looked at the damage being done. 'At last, something that 
will put some fear into these big time criminals and make them think twice about 
attacking.' 

	"Captain, the Isghteh appears to be crippled. There engine output is 
steadily decreasing and their weapons have stopped firing. They are turning 
towards us. Perhaps now would be a good time to ask for their surrender, Sir.", 
Second-in-command Trued stated.

	"Yes, you right. Issue a standard surrender order."

	"This is the Galaxy Police battlecruiser, Justice. Surrender 
unconditionally and prepare to be boarded.", Trued barked out, "We await your 
response. You have two minutes before we take decisive action." 

	The Isghteh continued to turn towards the Justice. "Cannon almost charged. 
Twenty-five seconds to target acquisition.", Jeng said. 'They havn't detected 
the capacitors charging or we would be dead. That stealth technology that we 
stole is actually doing its job, finally. They are in for a surprise.  Although, 
I kind of like that ship's design.'

	Aboard the Justice, Captain Rvyy smelled something was up. The Isghteh 
continued to turn towards them. "Prepare to fire gravity cannon". When the ship 
had first come out of hyperspace, a subspace portal had been formed at the 
middle of the spires. Now out of the portal came a very small Neutron Star. The 
spires had massive anti-gravity generators. This was their ultimate 
weapon. The anti-gravity generators would become like mirrors reflecting the 
gravity waves back and then focusing them into beam.

	"Gravity cannon prepared, sir.", replied a crewmember.

	"How much time left?", the captain asked.

	"Fifteen seconds."

	"They are facing us now, sir. An opening is appearing. We're reading a 
massive energy charge." 

	"Fire", Captain Rvyy commanded.

	Aboard the Isghteh, they saw the star hanging there in between the spires, 
but they had not yet ascertained what it was for. Karprah knew that it could 
only be a weapon. "Fire", he cried. The massive cannon in the central cylinder 
fired a shot that would easily take out a planet, which in the past they had 
used it for, but so far they had never needed to use it against a ship. At the 
same time, Rvvy said "Fire".

	Each ship waited to see whose weapon would triumph. The concentrated and 
focused gravity beam hit the energy blast dead on. The Ishgteh's blast didn't 
even have a chance. The gravity beam swallowed it up and kept going. It 
proceeded right up to the shields.

	"Our shields will buckle in thirty seconds. We have to abandon ship, Sir. 
Sir?", Jeng said urgently, the calm exterior beginning to break. Karprah sat 
there in stunned silence.

	'How could this be? This is the ultimate ship.' For several seconds, he 
sat stunned silence, then abruptly he stood. "We will capture that ship someday, 
but the cargo is too important to just let it go to waste by being destroyed. 
Lets go."

	"All hands abandon ship. Remember traitors die along with their families." 
Then as completely incongruous afterthought Jeng said, "Good luck." He along 
with the captain and command crew made their way to the hidden subspace 
transporter, stolen from an ancient research lab on long abandoned planet. A 
small ship was resting on top of the transporter. The command crew all boarded. 
In a moment, the ship was gone. 

	The Isghteh engines exploded first from the stress on the ship, decimating 
the latter half of the ship. Spheres began to break off, exploding a short 
distance away. The gravitational beam caused by the star caused all the ship to 
implode from front to back, but the explosions also caused it to expand. Then 
the entire ship just lit up like a firecracker, exploding into atomic particles. 
All of this in less than just one second.

	The crew of the Justice was amazed. Most had not seen the Gravity cannon 
used. Those that had seen it had only seen it against a dummy target such as a 
moon or large asteroid. The power of it overwhelmed them. Even Captain Rvyy was 
amazed. He shook his head to clear him out of the trance.

	"Were there any survivors?"

	"Scanning...we detect no survivors.", the crewmember said shakily.

	"Very well. Continue monitoring the debris, and contact me if anything 
turns up. I will be making my report.", with that, the Captain walked off the 
bridge.

	They continued scanning, but it was obvious to everyone, that no one could 
have survived. 

