Tenchi Muyo/ Highlander Crossover

This is a Tenchi Muyo/ Highlander Crossover. This based off the OAV continuity 
for Tenchi Muyo. For Highlander, I am basing this of the first movie and the 
show. The Quickenings will be the more spectacular kind from the movies. I am 
regarding the first movie as Conner not gaining the Prize, and will be tweaking 
the mythology just a bit so don't get angry. I don't own any of the 
characters except the ones I create. This is just for fun. Tenchi Muyo belongs 
to AIC and Pioneer. Highlander belongs to Rysher Entertainment.
Legend --> 'thinking', [telepathic], "speaking"


~~~Immortal Among Us~~~

Chapter 3: Fight

	Chapter 3: Fight

	
	Sword against sword clashed. Sparks gave a little light besides the stars. 
They came against each other again and again. Parries, blocks, slashes, and 
thrusts were executed as quickly and efficiently as the most trained swordsmen, 
for they were among the best there ever has been. With centuries of practice, 
how could they not be?

	Mihoshi glanced at the slash on her leg for a moment, her first injury in 
the battle. Even though it took only a few seconds to heal, the pain was 
intense. She had not had been injured like this in a long time and it was taxing 
her.

	Gary smiled. 'She is strong, but seems not have been practicing in a long 
time. I must press my advantage.' He quickly attacked again.

	Mihoshi blocked and attacked back. Gary blocked it and slashed at her. 
Mihoshi turned and dodged, but left her back wide open. 

	Gary saw the advantage and quickly swung his sword to end Mihoshi's life.
However, Mihoshi instincts took over and she expertly dodged by rolling 
sideways, and quickly regaining her footing. And once again, they clashed.
They ranged all over the hilltop. Sometimes he had the advantage, then she did. 
The sounds of their fight echoed through the forest. Birds awoke and fluttered 
about for they felt the power of the Quickening. Rabbits peeked out of their 
holes. Crickets ceased their sounds. Trees quaked and rocks cracked.

	Breathing heavily, Mihoshi stood for just a moment. She didn't know how 
much longer she could last. After all these past several decades, she had been a 
ditz, sleeping far more than exercising. Now, she was definitely paying for it. 
She was exhausted and saw the end coming soon. She needed to end this now or she 
would lose for sure. 

	Mihoshi slashed forward, but he was able to side step. He quickly brought 
his sword up, slicing into her leg. She faltered and stumbled forward for a 
moment.

	He took the advantage as she was now beside him and took a step back and 
turned to his right to decapitate her as she fell.

	But she dove forward instead of merely falling and was sliced in the leg 
instead. She rolled forward then stood up, unsteadily.

	"You really are good, but now it is over." He rushed forward in before she 
could heal. 

	However, Mihoshi's luck joined the battle at just the right time. He 
tripped over a branch, fell forward and rolled coming to rest against the log he 
had been sitting on earlier. His sword caught a small hole in the ground and he 
had to let go as he rolled past it.

	Mihoshi walked over. He knew it was over. His sword was several feet away. 
She was very good, if out of practice, and he could never make it to the sword. 
He knelt on the ground. She looked at him sadly and said, "There can be only 
One." With one quick stroke, his head left his body.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------

	Thunder echoed in the hills. On the opposite hill, in the shrine, 
Katsuhito awoke. He looked over to other hilltop. Lightening was flashing, but 
it was not all coming from the clouds. Most of it was striking the top of the 
hill. What was really odd was that is was also arcing off of the top of the 
hill.

	'Who won? I hope Mihoshi did.'

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------

	She screamed as the Quickening struck her and entered her. Being inundated 
with immense power, flooded with glimpses of memories, and aspects of his 
personality, all of it happening within a few moments was shocking and 
terrifying as it had always been for her. All around lightening struck the trees 
and rocks. Animals awaked by the fight, scurried too and fro. A white, 
luminescent swirling vortex lifted her off the ground and swirled into her from 
front and back. Then suddenly an engulfing silence replaced the previous 
thunderous sounds.

	She lay panting on the ground. She was totally exhausted and could barely 
move. She remembered in a few moments she would regain her strength. It had been 
a long time since she had faced another Immortal. She would have to tell the 
others now. She could no longer hide as a klutz. Even now she could tell that 
Katsuhito was awake and probably would need an explanation. In fact she could 
feel that everyone in the house was asleep. 

	Mihoshi sighed. 'Why must it be this way? I wish we could have been just 
be friends or gone our separate ways. I didn't really want to kill him or be 
killed by him, but...'

	She lifted herself into a sitting position for a moment, then stood up and 
gathered her trenchcoat. She pulled out her cube from the trenchcoat. Turning it 
several times, the body, head, and sword were suddenly transported into a casket 
then transported into the Yukinojo. Using the cube, she also put his still 
broken down car into the Yukinojo. 

	She walked back slowly to the house, stopping by the lake, to glance 
around. She smiled. They would all understand about her immortality. After all, 
two princess, an ex-space pirate, a brilliant scientist with plenty of 
eccentricities and me, a Galaxy Police officer lived here. It wasn't 
like it was that strange.

	She quietly entered the front door, trying to make as little noise as 
possible.

	"So where have you been?", a voice asked out of the darkness.

	"Ryoko?", Mihoshi asked quietly.

	"Yes, now where did you go?", Ryoko demanded as she walked over to the 
entry hall. "And what about that other man? Do you know where he went?" Ryoko 
examined her a little more closely. "Are you all right?", she asked in a 
concerned voice then in a much more hostile tone, "Did he try 
something?"

	Mihoshi held up her hands. "I am fine." She added somewhat sadly, "He...is 
gone." After a moment, "You know it is quite late and I need my beauty rest." 
She quickly went up the stairs before Ryoko had a chance to further question 
her.

	Ryoko watched her go upstairs. She narrowed her eyes. Something had 
definitely changed in Mihoshi. 'She was acting all serious without her fairly 
usual bubble headedness and what about her hair.' In all Ryoko's time with 
Mihoshi, she couldn't remember her ever having her hair down. 

	'Yes, something is up. And I will find out what.', Ryoko yawned, "But it 
will be tomorrow." She flew up to her "bed" and was soon asleep.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------

	The sun shone brightly. The clouds had dissipated for the most part and 
the storm was over. It looked to be a great day.
Tenchi woke up and yawned. He opened his eyes and looked around. 'No 
Ryoko...Yes! No fighting yet...Yes! No aliens or monsters trying to kill 
us...Yes!' He got up and dressed. As soon as he opened his door he could smell 
the wonderful cooking of Sasami. He walked down the stairs to the dining room.

	"Good morning, Lord Tenchi. I trust your sleep was well and 
uninterrupted.", Ayeka said with emphasis on the last part as she looked around 
for that dirty space pirate.

	"Ahheh, I slept just fine, Miss Ayeka. Thank you.", Tenchi said a bit 
nervously.

	Just then Ryoko appeared behind Tenchi and wrapped her arms around him. 
"Good morning, Tenchi."

	"Ahheh, good morning, Ryoko.", Tenchi responded eyeing Ayeka nervously as 
she looked on quite angrily.

	"Let Go Of Lord Tenchi Right NOW, RYOKO!", an infuriated Ayeka let out.
"Back off, Princess. He wants to be with me right now.", a smirking Ryoko 
replied, still not letting go.

	"Lets just all eat breakfast peacefully, ok?", Tenchi asked pleadingly as 
he struggled to get away from Ryoko. Sure it was worse in the past, but it still 
happened far more often than he would have liked.

	"But Tenchi...", Ryoko said not letting go one bit.

	Ayeka's vein pulsed. Little logs appeared in concentric circles around 
Ayeka.

	'Oh no', Tenchi thought.

	"RYOKOOO! Let Lord Tenchi, immediately or suffer the consequences.", Ayeka 
demanded.

	"Yeah, right, Ayeka. Like you can make me.", Ryoko said even as she let go 
of Tenchi and powered up two balls of energy in her hands.
Sasami looked out of the kitchen. She saw that they were already powered up. 'Oh 
no, breakfast will be ruined again.', she thought as she headed out the side 
door to the yard. Tenchi had just made it out the front door when their 
explosive nature reached it's full potential.

	Both girls were locked in a power struggle. Each struggled to overcome 
each other's power, until in the energy had to be released.

	"Aaaahhhh.", he yelled as tremendous explosion shook the house, blowing 
out the windows, the door, most of the furniture, and blasting him all the way 
to the guardians, Azaka and Kamidake.

	"Awww, man. Now breakfast is ruined. Another great start to a day.", 
Tenchi muttered.

	The girls sat with their backs to each other huffing and puffing from the 
exertion. All around everything was singed and covered with soot.

"That was good.", Ryoko said with a smile.

"Yes, it was quite invigorating.", Ayeka had to admit.

They glanced around at the mess. Ayeka got up and dusted herself, and began to 
clean up. 

Ryoko wanted to fly away, but she knew Tenchi would just find her and make her 
help so to make a long process short, she started cleaning as well.

Tenchi and Sasami walked back to the house. Tenchi was about ready to tell them 
to take it outside and to start cleaning up, but saw they had already started 
the latter. He was fairly impressed that Ryoko had stayed and was secretly proud 
of her.

It was at this point that Mihoshi made her appearance.

"Good morning everyone.", Mihoshi said as she reached the bottom stair.

Ayeka was about to say something about her always sleeping in, but when she 
glanced at Mihoshi, she went speechless.

The rest just looked up at her and immediately notice several changes. Foremost 
was her eyes, they were so clear and sharp, brimming with intelligence. Next, 
her hair was down which none of them could ever remember her having it down. 
Finally, her demeanor, while seemingly happy, was significantly more subdued, no 
bubbliness or air-headedness at all.

"Good morning.", Mihoshi repeated.

Tenchi looked at her as if maybe she was another clone from Dr. Clay. 'There is 
no way she could have changed so much in one night unless that stranger did 
something to her.'

Ryoko and Ayeka had similar thoughts and both prepared to fight. Ryoko generated 
her lightsword.

"I don't know who you are, but you had better explain real quick or else...", 
Ryoko said.

Seeing as everyone was having trouble accepting the real her, Mihoshi decided 
she had better start from the beginning.

"As I can see, even without anyone saying anything, you are having a really hard 
time accepting the changes you can obviously see in me. Let's gather everyone so 
I can explain to you all."

Ryoko said, "You aren't going anywhere by yourself. Don't try anything or you'll 
be dead before you can even blink." She said it with such seriousness that no 
one doubted it.

Mihoshi responded, "That's just fine, Ryoko. I am not going to do anything." She 
walked over to Washu's lab door and knocked.

In a few moment, Washu came up. "Breakfast ready? Good because I am starving." 
She looked around. "Hmm. Another fight. There goes breakfast. Guess, I'll have 
to whip something up myself." She turned around and went back into her lab. A 
few seconds later, she reemerged and did a double-take at Mihoshi.

"What...? Who...?", Washu sputtered. After so many times of Mihoshi ruining 
things and messing up her lab, seeing Mihoshi look 'normal' was very shocking to 
say the least. Although Washu had often suspected Mihoshi was more than she 
seemed, running any lab test to confirm this was a BAD idea.

"Everyone please have a seat.", Mihoshi asked gently. She waited a few moments 
for them to all get seated. "You have all known me for about a year now, but the 
real me is the one standing before you now."

"I am Immortal." She looked at them for a moment. Shocked expressions looked 
back. She continued, "I can not die unless my head is cut off. I am not alone. 
There are many others. We all participate in the Game. When there are a few of 
us left, we will be drawn to far away place in time known as the Gathering to 
compete for the Prize. In the end, there can be only one."

"What is the Prize?", Washu asked.

"I don't know what the Prize is or if anyone does, but it has something to do 
with the Quickening.", Mihoshi responded.

"What is the Quickening?", Tenchi asked.

"It is what makes me, Immortal. It is an energy that is in all living things, 
but in small amounts and incoherent. However in Immortals, the energy is focused 
and in much greater quantities. It heals me almost immediately depending on the 
wound size. When an Immortal takes the head of another Immortal, the loser's 
Quickening is transferred to the winner.", Mihoshi explained.

"So you go around and chop people's heads off to win a game.", Ryoko asked 
disdainfully. "You haven't even shown that you are Immortal."

Mihoshi smiled at Sasami and asked, "Sasami, could you go get Katsuhito from the 
shrine?" 

Sasami smiled back and nodded a 'yes'. She quickly got up and left to fulfill 
her task. 

Mihoshi took out her cube and rotated several times until a dagger appeared in 
her above her hand. She caught it and put the cube away.

"Wait a minute, Mihoshi. Washu can run tests to prove your immortality. Don't do 
something foolish.", Tenchi implored. Washu and Ayeka became very concerned. 

Mihoshi closed her eyes for a moment and took a deep breath. She quickly swung 
the dagger toward her stomach. But she felt nothing. She opened her eyes, to see 
Ryoko holding her hand, stopping the blade an inch from her stomach.

"What do you think you are doing? Your scaring everyone.", Ryoko said angrily. 
She turned to Washu, "You need to run some test on her now, she is not thinking 
right."

Mihoshi glared at her, "I know what I am doing." She narrowed her eyes and 
directed a concentrated gaze on Ryoko. Ryoko suddenly let go of her and put her 
hands to the side of her head. Ryoko felt a headache come on all of a sudden. 
Not too bad, but still fairly painful. Then it was gone.

Mihoshi continued with her demonstration before someone else could stop her. She 
stabbed herself in the stomach just as Tenchi grabbed her hand. She slumped to 
the ground with a look of great pain on her face. She struggled a bit to pull 
the dagger out, for she had pushed it too the hilt and it had gone all the way 
through, but was able to remove it. Blood was coming out more quickly 
now. Horrified, Tenchi yelled to Washu for help. Washu ran the few feet to 
Mihoshi and knelt beside her.

"She did a good job. We need to get her into my lab now!", Washu said most 
urgently. Ryoko, and Ayeka came behind Washu. Ryoko's face was full of concern. 
Ayeka was unbelievably shocked for Mihoshi had a carefree spirit and to think 
that she had just committed suicide was unthinkable. 

But even as Tenchi and Washu prepared to get her to the lab, an amazing thing 
was happening. Little arcs of electricity were dancing around in the wound. They 
were closing the wound up. The blood flow slowed then stopped. In a few more 
moments, the wound completely healed.

Mihoshi sat up. They gazed in absolute amazement at her. Washu had seen amazing 
regenerative capabilities before, indeed Ryoko was a product of her research in 
that area, but without the gems, it would take Ryoko sometime to heal from 
something like that. Mihoshi had healed from a fatal wound in less than a 
minute.

"I am Immortal.", Mihoshi stated. She continued, "This demonstration should be 
effective in demonstrating that. This is the most effective demonstration that I 
know, although it is rather painful and messy. I sent Sasami on that errand so 
she wouldn't see me do that."

"I am over 1300 years old. I have seen hundreds of wars, seen millions die, seen 
hundreds births and seen civilizations come and go. I have slain many an 
Immortal, but I have never enjoyed it. I have been killed about so many times, 
more than I care to count. Never pleasant."

"Through the Quickening, Immortals can influence and feel the thoughts of non-
Immortals. The more powerful an Immortal is the more influence and clarity of 
feeling he has. However, we can not read thoughts or make you do anything, it is 
a sense of what you are thinking and a nudge towards what we want. But some of 
us have learned to use that ability of the Quickening offensively. Like that 
headache, I gave you."

Sasami arrived back with Katsuhito. Katsuhito stood in front of Mihoshi and 
said, "So Mihoshi you are Immortal. I knew it last night when the other man 
arrived."

Ayeka interrupted, "How did you know? And why didn't you tell us?"
Katsuhito responded, "It was not my place too. Anyways, I knew Mihoshi would 
tell soon enough." Finished, he went over and sat down on the couch.

"Where did all this blood come from?", Sasami asked very concerned.

"It came from me, but I am fine. I'll clean it up later.", Mihoshi said.

"So why have you kept this a secret till now, Mihoshi?", Washu asked.

"That is long story, but I guess now is as good as time as any.", Mihoshi said.

"It begins about 230 years ago..."


Author's Note

So what do you think? Please email me any comments (no flames) @ 
dcforever001@hotmail.com


