Tenchi Muyo/ Highlander Crossover

This is a Tenchi Muyo/ Highlander Crossover. This based off the OAV continuity 
for Tenchi 
Muyo. For Highlander, I am basing this of the first movie and the show. The 
Quickenings will be the 
more spectacular kind from the movies. I am regarding the first movie as Conner 
not gaining the 
Prize, and will be tweaking the mythology just a bit so don't get angry. I don't 
own any of the 
characters except the ones I create. This is just for fun. Tenchi Muyo belongs 
to AIC and Pioneer. 
Highlander belongs to

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------

Immortal Among Us

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------

Chapter 2: The Stranger

	A huge gale was blasting it's way across Japan. It had been raining for 
several days, but it 
was supposed to let up soon. 
	
	'When will the rain stop? Rain, rain, its has been raining for days. It's 
summer. It shouldn't 
be raining. Man, I am so bored. If I pick on Ayeka again, Tenchi will just get 
upset with me.again. 
Hmm, I wonder what he is doing right now.', Ryoko thought. She phased off her 
"bed", actually a 
rafter beam, and over to Tenchi's door. She poked her head through the door. He 
was drawing on 
a sketchpad at his desk and listening to some CD. She couldn't see what he was 
drawing precisely. 
She started to float upwards with her head still through the door. This is what 
Mihoshi saw as she 
left her room. 

	Mihoshi walked over to where Ryoko was now floating six inches off the 
ground and asked, 
"What are you doing Ryoko?" Ryoko by now had floated up till she was quite near 
the doorframe. 
Still trying to get a look at the drawing without Tenchi knowing it. At 
Mihoshi's question, she turned 
her head, forgetting about the doorframe for a moment, and smashed her nose into 
the side 
doorframe.

	"Ouch."

	Tenchi glanced up. He sweatdropped for a moment. "Ryoko, what ARE you 
doing?", he said 
as he walked over to the door.

	Ryoko phased completely through the door, rubbing her nose, and leaving a 
confused 
Mihoshi outside. "Oh, Tenchi, I just wanted to see what you were doing. I've 
barely seen you all 
day." She flew over and glomped him.

	"Ryoko, you didn't answer my question and get off of me." Tenchi said as 
he struggled to 
make her let go.

	"Why Tenchi, I was just checking up on you. I just wanted to see what you 
were doing. After 
all, I thought you might be bored.", Ryoko said with an innocent tone then she 
added with a more 
seductive tone, "I can think something up, if you are bored."

	Tenchi turned a little red at that last comment and freed himself. "Ryoko, 
next time knock, 
I'll no doubt let you in, but please respect my privacy. Now please leave, I was 
in the middle of 
something important." He sat back down at his desk. Just then, a knock came from 
the door.

	"Lord Tenchi is everything all right?", Ayeka asked with concern. "Dinner 
is ready."
Tenchi got up and opened his door. "Yes, everything's fine.", he stated hoping 
to alleviate 
any fights that might come about. He started to walk downstairs to the dining 
table. Ayeka saw 
Ryoko come out behind him with a disappointed look. Ayeka was ready to give her 
a tongue lashing 
about invading Lord Tenchi's privacy, but Tenchi was definitely not in the mood 
for a fight so she 
held her peace for now. 

	Everyone assembled at the table for dinner except for Washu who was still 
in her lab working 
on some fantastic invention. Mihoshi stood up and volunteered to get her. She 
walked over to the 
converted closet door that led to Washu's gigantic lab. She opened it, and 
promptly tripped and fell 
on the floor. Everyone sighed.

	"This looks delicious, Sasami.", Nobuyuki said. Since it was Sunday, he 
did not have to go to 
the office and he could stay and enjoy Sasami's excellent food.

	"Thank you.", Sasami said happily.

	A knock came from the door. Tenchi stood up and went to answer it. 'Who 
would be all the 
way out here in this weather?', he wondered. He opened the door to reveal a man 
in a long, black, 
trench coat. He wore a black fedora like hat and had on a pair of plain, tan, 
worn leather boots.

	"I am sorry, but my car broke down, and I wondered if I might use the 
telephone?", the man 
asked with a polite tone.

	"Sure, no problem. Come inside."

	"Thank you.", he replied. He stepped inside. He wondered why he could not 
feel her. Only a 
little bit ago, he had. 'This is disturbing.' Tenchi walked over to the closet 
door and entered into it. 

	The man raised an eyebrow at this.

	The rest of the people at the table looked him over. He was about six feet 
tall, had a short, 
well-groomed beard, short, cropped black hair. His eyes were grey, and had an 
intense look to 
them. He walked over to the phone and proceeded to call for a tow truck. 

	Ryoko could smell trouble. She just knew this guy was up to no good. After 
all when you are 
a space pirate, you know bad when it comes around. 

	The group listened in as he explained his sitution. "I see.Well is it 
possible.I see.Because 
of the rain.When?.All right. Bye."

	"I really hate to be a bother, but the tow company already has all of 
their trucks out and it 
will be several hours before they can possibly be out here. Could I stay the 
night?", he asked in a 
most sincere tone.

	Noboyuki responded immediately, "Sure. No problem. We are always getting 
visitors who 
stop by." He was immediately greeted with a glare from Yosho.

	"Interesting. Since you are so far removed from the main roads.", he 
mumbled to himself. 

	"Thank you very much.", he said. 

	The trench coat man looked at them. 'This Tenchi guy must be really lucky 
to have all these 
girls here. I wonder which one is his girlfriend. There is something odd about 
each of them 
especially the hair. It doesn't look dyed. There is just something I can't put 
my finger on. Hmm.'

	At that moment, Washu's door opened. Tenchi walked out, followed by 
Mihoshi who was 
being pushed out by Washu.

	"How many times have I told you not to enter my lab!", Washu yelled, "It 
will take me weeks 
to redo that experiment."

	"I'm sorry, Washu.", Mihoshi said while sobbing, "I didn't mean to..." She 
stopped midway 
through her apology and instantly stopped sobbing. A consternated look appeared 
on her face, the 
same kind of look she got when facing an enemy. She turned towards the door, her 
eyes narrowing 
a bit. She looked at the stranger for a moment. The trench coat man just stared 
back. For over a 
minute, they did this. The tension in the room seemed to be building quickly. 
Until Tenchi, who was 
becoming more than a little concerned, broke it.

	"So where you able to get a hold of someone, Mr.?"

	"Silver. Gary Silver.", he smiled. "Yes, I did. Unfortunately, they will 
not be able to be here 
till morning. Your father has graciously allowed me to stay the night." His eyes 
remained on 
Mihoshi.

	Mihoshi seemed to snap out of her serious moment, and bounded back to her 
place at the 
table, but her eyes were sharper than they normally were.

	Katsuhito invited him to sit down and join them for dinner. Slowly 
conversation resumed and 
everyone seemed to be back to themselves. However Katsuhito noticed that Mihoshi 
and Gary 
seemed to stare intensely at each other when ever the opportunity presented it 
self.

	As soon as dinner was finished, Mihoshi left. She explained that she was 
feeling very tired 
and proceeded up to her room.

	Once inside, she changed into black slacks and a grey turtleneck sweater. 
She then put a 
full-length leather trenchcoat on and black GP boots. Her expression was one of 
sadness and 
determination. Now she waited.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------

	"Thank you for that excellent dinner. Wow.", he beamed.

	Sasami smiled and thanked him.

	He stood up and stretched. "Well, I really should go to bed since I must 
wake up early. Thank 
you again." Tenchi got up as well and led him to the guest bedroom.

	Once inside, he laid on the bed. He quickly wrote a note explaining he 
would meet her at 
midnight on top of the large hill behind the house. For there he knew it was not 
holy ground. He 
opened his door and made his way to Mihoshi's room, for he could sense her 
presence in the room, 
and slipped the note under the door.

	She quickly read it. A look came in her eyes like few had ever seen. It 
was one of sadness, 
determination, and power. 'It is being awakened again', she thought, ', but I 
don't think I will be 
able to suppress it again if I what I feel from him is true.'

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------

	Everyone seemed to be trying to grasp the change in Mihoshi and 'Who was 
this man? Does 
he know Mihoshi?

	Everyone sat around and thought about the stranger and the reaction of 
Mihoshi.

	"Perhaps he is a criminal, and she know who he is.", Sasami suggested.

	"Unlikely, since Mihoshi would have told to freeze and read him his 
rights.", Washu pointed 
out.

	"Perhaps he just looks familiar, but they have no real connection.", Ayeka 
volunteered.

	"Well whoever he is there is something about him that is definitely 
different and in a bad way 
too.", Ryoko said.

	Katsuhito suddenly interrupted all this thinking, "I think he is probably 
just nice fellow and 
we shouldn't bother him. And if Mihoshi wished for us to know of some 
connection, I'm sure she 
would have told us."

	As he walked back to the shrine, he knew now that Mihoshi was Immortal. He 
had known 
that the man was Immortal when he entered the room. He recalled back to the 
early 16th century 
a battle between two men. The winner cut off the head of one of the loser and 
lightening arced all 
around him and struck him repeatedly. Then a swirling vortex of energy lifted 
him and entered him. 
He had asked him what had happened. And after a time of helping him recover and 
subsequent 
friendship, he had told him about the existence of Immortals. Katsuhito was 
amazed and wondered 
how this came about. Since Juraians are long lived, but still only a few 
centuries for non-royals, how 
did this come about. He did not know, but he kept the man's secret and let him 
go. That was how 
he knew of Immortals. He could also feel the stronger ones since he was a Jurian 
royal. They 
likewise could feel he was strong, but not an Immortal.

	'Good Luck, Mihoshi.'

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

	Later that night, at approximately midnight, Mihoshi stood on the large 
hill behind the house.  
The rain had ceased for a time, but looked ready to start at any moment. She 
looked around and 
there he was, sitting on a log, looking expectantly at her.

	"You know why we are here. There can be only One. Nothing personal, I hope 
you 
understand.", he said with feigned sincerity.

	"I am Mihoshi Kurumitsu of the family, Kurumitsu. Leaders in the Galaxy 
Police.", she stated. 
His eyebrow raised and a perplexed look came on his face, but he said nothing. 
After a moment she 
continued, "Nothing personal? You are going to try to kill me in a few moments 
and it's nothing 
personal. Death has always been quite personal to me." She thought for a moment 
of the criminals 
she had to kill and of other matters long ago. This time there was no other way. 
She glanced 
wistfully at the man as if maybe they could just go there separate ways. She 
didn't like to kill, but 
she would if she had to, to protect those in her custody, those she cared about, 
and.because that 
was how the Game was played.

	"How did you know that I was an Immortal?", she asked.

	"I didn't. My car broke down on my way to see another immortal, but he 
will have to wait till 
tomorrow. I did sense an Immortal, but didn't know it would be a pretty girl 
like you. No, it was not 
until you came up from downstairs, then I knew it was you. So I said to myself, 
"Hey, why not? You 
aren't a match for me."

	"So you prey on weaker Immortals?", she cried.

	"No, not necessarily, but I see no need to wait for them to grow up and 
become strong.", he 
replied

	He stood up and took his sword out of his trenchcoat. It was a American 
calvary style cutlass 
circa 1850's, such as you might see in some old western. However, it looked to 
be made much 
better than a standard issue one. He tossed aside his trench coat. His shirt was 
a standard white 
linen shirt.

	"Shall we begin?"

	She withdrew her sword from her trenchcoat. It was a light single hand 
sword of an English 
style, but a bit thicker. It was very old and the metal was not of earth. 'It 
has been a few decades, 
with little practice. I wonder if I am good enough to beat him. If not, Tenchi 
and the others will be 
reading the note on my bed in the morning.' She could sense his power was very 
great. 'This will be 
tough.' 

	'It's time to once again become who I am.' She closed her eyes and reached 
up to her 
maroon hair band and slipped it off. Her hair came tumbling down to her lower 
back. She slipped a 
scrunchie on her hair to keep it out of the way. She opened her eyes. Looking 
into them was like she 
could your mind, like she could anticipate anything, like she could defeat 
anyone.

	"I'm ready.", she said with determination.

	Before he had anticipated a fairly easy fight for he sensed she was very 
weak and he was 
quite strong in comparison, now he knew she had been somehow hiding her true 
ability. He would 
have to do his best.

	"How did you hide your power?"

	"My family has connections and I couldn't fight for a long time so they 
devised this to protect 
me. I have grown used to it, but it also hampered my natural abilities and my 
memory."

	"Okay." He simply stated. He closed his briefly to mentally prepare 
himself.

	Their eyes met, and they began.

