Tenchi Muyo!  and related characters are copyrighted by Pioneer. 
Mega Man X and related character are copyrighted by Capcom. My 
name is W.Showers and email address is MShowmoney@aol.com

 In the previous chapter  Zero settled into the Masaki home and 
is now human, plus he got a job. A mysterious force is 
destroying ships in outer space. And in the end a group of 
troops  fire on the Masaki home with the gang inside. 

Chapter 2  

 The Masaki home is in ruins. The leader of the troops makes his 
report "Sir the house is no more. We detect no life signs in the 
house." "GOOD RETURN TO THE HIDEOUT AND WAIT FOR MY ARRIVAL." 
The troops head out. Inside the house all is still. When the 
smoke clears the door to Washu's lab opens. Zero steps out. 
"Geez it's gonna cost a fortune to clean this place up" The rest 
of the gang comes out. They look around. Tenchi finally breaks 
the silence " Any idea who would do this" Zero steps up "They 
were using plasma disruptors. Only one person knew the right 
level of tolerance for that weapon. Sigma"  Washu interrupts 
"While we were in the lab I got a ship on the short distance 
scanners. It's huge large enough to take out those fleets in 
space just by running into them." Zero looks puzzled. "If this 
is Sigma where is X ? But first things first we have to have a 
plan" "Washu smiles slyly " I've got one. Zero and I will 
teleport..." Ayeka interrupts " Teleport how?" Washu is  getting 
irritated "People stop interrupting. We will teleport using the 
teleport device in Zero's hunter gear..." Zero interrupts " 
Sorry my teleporter only teleports people on earth and uses alot 
of energy. Why not use Mihoshi's ship.? Washu has a vein pooping 
out in her head " Dammit stop interrupting. One Mishoshi 's ship 
is like a peanut compare to that ship. Two we would be detected. 
Three your teleporter can be reformatted for short space trips. 
Continuing with the plan once inside we'll plan my new 
antimatter charges all around the ship. If we find out it's 
Sigma's we denate. If it's not his we disarm them. Not a bad 
plan. Considering I only had a few minute to think it up. Am I a 
genius or what?" No one argues with her seeing as if you 
disagree you might wake up a cat. Still Zero raises a concern   
"Even with that plan we should strengthen of base here. Just in 
case." Zero hand Tenchi a credit card. "Tenchi use this to buy 
supplies to repair and strengthen the house." Ryoko  swoons over 
Tenchi. Ryoko wispper in Tenchi's ear " Ya know you don't have 
to spend all of it on supplies. Some new rings or maybe a trip 
for two." Ayeka over hears and start arguing.  Tenchi for once 
makes them take it outside showing that the house can't take 
another beating. Zero heads for the lab but Washu stops him. 
"Since when do you have a credit card ?" Zero looking nervous 
"Ahh, I don't give all my money to Yosho. And it's better than 
caring cash." Washu smiles "Don't you mean OUR money?" Zero's 
nervousness is growing " Yeah didn't I say that?" Zero thinks 
"Got to change the subject before I never hear the end of this.( 
Speaking out loud now) So when's the ship get to Earth's 
atmosphere?" Washu changes her tone to serious "In a 3 to 4 
days. But I have created a magnetic storm to slow them down. 
Excuse me I have to make the charges." She heads into the lab. 
Zero thinking again " Whoa dodged a bullet there. But I better 
get ready for Sigma gotta get pumped." Washu thinking "He thinks 
he dodged a bullet eh. We'll see once this jobs done."
	In space. "THIS DARN MAGNETIC STORM CAME OUT OF NOWHERE. 
NUMBER 1 HOW MANY DAYS DOES THIS PUT US BACK?" "Two days sir." 
"AS SOON AS COMMUNICATION IS BACK UP GET ME THE FIELD AGENT. I 
HAVE A FEELING THIS STORM WAS CREATED BY A SHORT PINK HAIRED 
FRIEND OF OURS." "Yes sir." 
                3 days later in the Masaki home. Tenchi and the 
girls are outside working on the house while Washu reformates 
Zero's teleporter. Tenchi stops and looks at the house. " Wow 
the house looks as good as new and stronger since Zero made us 
reinforce the house with steel." Ayeka who is working beside him 
joins in "Yes and with all of us working we'll be done in 
notime" "Easy for you to say" grunts Ryoko "I have to set up the 
house wide force field Washu  made.Ryoko sets a spike into the 
ground. She flips the switch on it. The spike shoots out energy. 
It fries Ryoko. Mihoshi checks on her. "Didn't Washu say wait 
till all the spikes were down before turning it on?" A fried  
Ryoko replies "Silly me" They continue to work knowing that they 
will be in one of the greatest battle any of them has ever been 
in. Meanwhile inside the house Sasami gloomily cleans the 
house.She is thinking about her injured friend Ryo-Ohki. " Oh 
Ryo-Ohki that mean ole Sigma hurt you badly. I'm going to get 
even don't you worry. I'll go with Washu and Zero and get him 
good." Washu overhearing her thoughts excuses herself from 
reformatting  grabs something out a tank and goes upstairs to 
Sasami. "Sasami I overheard your thoughts and well maybe this 
will help" She hands her Ryo-Ohki. "Oh thank you Washu you saved 
her." Washu replies " Yes but she is still very weak. You have 
to take good care of her or she'll die." Sasami smiles " Oh I 
will I will" Washu heads back to her lab. She continues to 
reformat Zero's teleporter.  "I just did my good deed for the 
day" Zero smiles "Good for you. Say can you hurry up I got to go 
to work to ask for a few days off." Washu with a pair of tools 
"Just be still this is delicate work." 
            Meanwhile in space. "FIELD AGENT REPORT." "We have 
destroyed the target. Zero wall seen in the house before it's 
destruction." "DID YOU RECOVER THE BODIES?" "Ah no sir we 
assumed they were vaporized." "YOU MORON THE PLASMA DISRUPTOR 
ISN'T CAPABLE OF VAPORIZATION. GET BACK THERE  AND GET THE 
BODIES." "Shall I take a small force?" "IF YOU DID YOU JOB YOU 
WON'T NEED ONE."
             Later that same day at the Masaki home. It's dinner 
time. The whole family is at the table. No one is speaking just 
eating. Finally Zero breaks the silence "You guys did a good job 
on the house you can't even tell it got shot up." Tenchi thanks 
him for the compliment. Washu speaks up "Ryoko how's the force 
field going?" Ryoko stops eating " All the spikes are down" 
Washu  starts eating again and all is silent. Zero has had 
enough  and stands up " OK what is the problem!!! What is with 
this silence?" Tenchi calmly explains " We feel as if we aren't 
together on this mission." Zero fires back "You guys can't come 
because only I can take out Sigma and only Washu can activate 
and set the charges. Plus someone has to stay and make sure 
Sasami is ok" Tenchi raises his voice "We don't even know if it 
is Sigma and Sasami can take care of herself." Zero raises his 
voice " Oh is that true. What if all of us except Sasami left 
and while we were gone Sigma sends his troops and captures her 
then what." Tenchi starts yelling "What's the force field for 
huh decoration. And what makes you such a expert on Sigma. So 
you chased him for years but that's all you did, chase!!!" 
Everyone is quiet mostly surprised at Tenchi's words. Zero 
changes to hunter gear and point his blaster at Tenchi. "You 
know for someone as spineless as you you got alot of balls 
getting in my face. You want to know why I know Sigma so well 
because I used to be an X hunter like Sigma." Everyone gasps 
even Tenchi. " Boy I've done things that makes Ryoko's acts seem 
like charity work. I was programmed to kill all humanoid life 
forms and for years I was good at it. Until Dr.Cain fixed me. I 
chase Sigma to repay a debt to all the people I hurt. I know 
Sigma will come after Sasami as soon as his men come by and see 
the house intact.Why Sasami because he will have a hostage that 
is powerless to stop him. Then we bend to his will because he 
has one of our own. We don't he kills her. It's as simple as 
that. How do I know , because that's what I would have done. 
Excuse me."Zero heads to the lab to blow off steam. Tenchi is 
angry too "Well screw you Zero you don't know everything. He 
storms off to his room. Everyone is shocked. Washu gets up "I'll 
talk to Zero and calm him down. Yosho please calm Tenchi down. 
We don't need this a few days before the big drop. Washu goes 
into the lab. In the lab Zero is punching a punching bag in the 
lab. Washu come next to him "Zero you were very hard on Tenchi. 
Instead of yelling you should have tried to see his point of 
view." Zero turns to her " His point of view?  The boy has lived 
a sheltered life with a bunch of women. The most he worries 
about are grades and not hurting someones feelings. If I could 
rid the world of Sigma and all of his kind I would do anything 
even suicide." Washu kisses him on the cheek "Now hear what I 
have to say. If you could shelter Tenchi from living a life you 
went through would you? Yes you would because you defend the 
innocent. But you never had a childhood so you don't know what 
he's going through. So don't slander him try to learn from him 
and give him advice when he needs it. That is what a friend 
does." Zero kisses Washu deeply " Will you marry me?" Washu 
steps back "Where did that come from?" Zero answers " Well I 'd 
been thinking of a way to ask you and it just slipped out. So 
will you?" Washu thinks deeply then answers "For you Zero 
anything." They kiss passionately. Meanwhile in Tenchi's room 
Yosho tries to calms Tenchi down. "Grampa,  he thinks he knows 
everything. He's staying in our house he could at least show 
some respect." Yosho calmly responds "Respect? The man got a job 
that works him longer than most men to pay off our debt, none of 
of other guest have a steady job, I think he knows respect. You 
could learn alot of things from him. Take advantage of his 
experience, he won't be here forever" Tenchi who is calm "Your 
right I was dumb to make a scene like that" Yosho tells Tenchi 
to get rest and apologize in the morning. Outside the field 
agent watches the house. "I must report this."
         Later that night in space "FIELD AGENT REPORT." "Sir 
the targets are still alive..." " WHAT SO THEY SURVIVED . YOU 
HAVE FAILED ME  AGENT." " No sir I heard their plan to 
infiltrate the ship. They plan to send Zero and the pink haired 
one up as so as the ship is in teleporter range. The others 
would stay on Earth." "IS THAT SO. FIELD AGENT? YOU JUST SAVED 
YOURSELF FROM DESTRUCTION. HOW MANY DAYS UNTIL WE ARE IN THEIR 
RANGE?" "You will be in range tomorrow" "THAT SOON HUH WELL 
THEY'RE GOING TO HAVE A NICE SURPRISE WAITING FOR THEM!!!!!!!!" 
Meanwhile in the Masaki home everyone is in bed resting up for 
tomorrow. Tenchi is sleeping in his bed , Ryoko is sleeping on 
the floor next to him. Ayeka and Sasami are in their rooms and  
Mihoshi strangely enough is  checking all her weapons.  
Downstairs in the lab Zero and his wife to be, Washu are in bed 
but Zero is not sleeping. He holds her very tight by her waist. 
His eyes are wide open.He carresses her neck with soft 
kisses.She makes a low happy wine in her sleep.He slowly loosens 
his grip on her. He decides to get up and get some air. On the 
outside step he sees Yosho. He sits beside him. Yosho is staring 
at the sky "Zero what keeps you up tonight?" Zero turns to see 
the sky "It's this mission. I have so many responsibilities. 
Gotta be sure this is Sigma. Hope nothing happens here while we 
are gone. And watch over Washu in that ship." Yoshu looks at 
Zero "Ah you miss the solitude of the missions of past. You just 
worried about yourself and geting that crook. But now it's 
complicated." Zero in shock "Yeah you read me like a book. See I 
have no problem  detonating those charges with me in the ship 
but now I have someone else there with me and it's not my choice 
anymore." Yosho stands up "I assume that Miss Washu will not 
only be you partner for this mission but for the rest of your 
life. Now you have to make it you likelong mission to see that 
she never gets hurt. That is your true mission. Think about it" 
Yosho walks back in the house."What does that mean?" Zero sits 
for a little longer before going in. He returns to the lab and 
tinkers some with his teleporter then looks at bed.He looks at 
Washu in her adult form "I won't let him get to you.I love you 
now and forever" He kisses her cheek and takes the charges with 
him as he exits the lab. He sits on the couch in his hunter 
armor. "At 6 o'clock the ship will be in range and I'll get you 
Sigma."
                       6'oclock the next morning in space. "We 
are in their range sir." "GOOD YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO." In the 
Masaki home. Zero uses the teleporter and gets on the ship. 15 
minutes later Washu wakes up to find her charges  and Zero gone. 
"No he couldn't have. Computer scan for Zero" "ZERO IS NO LONGER 
ON EARTH" Washu goes up stairs and wakes everyone up and brings 
them downstairs. " Zero has already left for the ship and there 
is nothing we can do about it. Everyone the fated hour is here. 
Get the force field up and get ready for battle." Everyone is 
groggy and moves slowly. Washu fixes that problem with a quick 
jolt of electricity to the gang. Now they start moving with 
speed. Meanwhile on the ship Zero takes out the charges. he 
places one on the wall and activates it. "Scaners indicate that 
the control room is due north. Sigma here I come." He runs down 
the corridor planting charges as he runs. He thinks this is 
suspiciously unguarded for a warship. He keeps moving . A light 
at the end of this long  corridor has to be the control room. He 
makes it to the control room. The door shut behind him. "I'VE 
BEEN WAITING FOR YOU ZERO" Zero looks in the shadows of the room 
and sees Sigma! "So it is you you piece of ..." "NO NEED FOR 
TRASH TALKING. WE BOTH KNOW WHY YOU ARE HERE, TO STOP ME FROM 
DESTROYING THE HUMAN RACE. SO HAVE AT ME!!!!!!" Zero takes a 
shot at Sigma with his blaster. Sigma dodges and returns fire. 
The blast hits Zero square in the chest launching him into a 
wall. Sigma walks toward Zero. "GOTTEN SLOW HAVE WE?" Zero 
smiles "Gotten stupid have we?" Zero throws his  sword at Sigma. 
The sword pierces through Sigma's armor and goes right into his 
gut. Zero gets up and takes his sword out of Sigma. He raises it 
above his head "Finally it's time to die Sigma" As he brings the 
sword down Zero is shot from behind. The shot carries Zero 
through a wall. "What the hell was that!" Sigma gets up "IT WAS 
MY COMMANDING OFFICER. ZERO PLEASE MEET MY NUMBER 1, NEO 
X!!!!!!!!!" Zero gets up only to see X in black armor. "X what 
the hell are you doing. We have to destroy him." X walks foward 
" Sorry brother but Sigma is much more fun to be with than you." 
X shoots Zero again . " X ,I will not fight you." X smiling 
"Then you will die" X continues to fire on a damaged Zero. Sigma 
who is badly damaged walks to the control panrl and has a 
mechanical hand pick Zero up.Zero is half awake and half 
unconscious. "DON'T WORRY ZERO YOUR FRIENDS WILL JOIN YOU SOON. 
I SENT MY FORCES DOWN THERE TO DESTROY YOUR FRIENDS. IT WILL BE 
ALL OVER SOON." Zero laughs in his face. "Don't expect your 
force comming back. Those kids are as tough as nails. Your such 
a fool. Haahahahahahahahah!!!!" X slaps Zero in the face. "TAKE 
HIM TO THE TORTURE ROOM HOOK HIM UP TO THE NERO NET AND START AT 
50 AMPS ."
	 Back on Earth. Washu is in her lab getting ready. Ryoko , 
Tenchi and Ayeka are outside ready for battle. Mihoshi is 
watching over Sasami. Suddenly Washu yells "Incoming enemy from 
all sides. This is not a drill. Go out and kick some butt. Washu 
lets the force field down and Tenchi Ryoko and Ayeka move out in 
front of the force field. Washu puts it back up. Tenchi  yells " 
I'll be damned Zero was right." Ayeka yells "This is no time to 
be sorry. I'll take the ones on the left Tenchi you take the 
center and Ryoko you take the right. Ok here they come"
 A large group of flying huminoid machines. Armed with plasma 
rifles they fire on the house only to have it stoped by a force 
field. Ryoko moves first creating an enrgy blade and slashing  
through the machines on her side 1 by 1. Tenchi uses his sword 
and starts swinging. Ayeka gathers a mass of energy and blasts 
away some of the machines on her side. After many minutes of 
fighting all the machines are destroyed. Tenchi sits down " I 
never fought so many machines in my life" Ryoko plumps down 
right next to him "Ditto" Washu speaks to them telepathically " 
It's not over yet there are more on the way even larger than 
before."Tenchi stands up "We can't hold them off forever." Washu 
agrees " Ryoko I have pin pointed the location of their origin 
sector 5b. You go there and shut them down from there." Ryoko 
argues " But who will cover the right?" Washu calmly explains " 
Don't worry about it I prepared for an attack on the house when 
I first moved in. Behold." Washu presses a button on her key 
board. Out of the roof and other normal places around the house 
gun turrents appear. "I have now activated our security system. 
The turrents will target and fire on anything that I have not 
regestered as allies. So go now Ryoko and hurry." She teleports 
off. The turrents lock on to the incoming machines and start to 
fire. Tenchi yells " Here we go again."
                 In the control room of Sigma's ship. "HOW GOES 
THE ATTACK FIELD AGENT?" " Horrible sir , they have taken out 
75% of the troops and 1 of them is hoovering  above the 
facility. What she's building energy? Stop her 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!" "COMPUTER RESTABLISH CONTACT"  
"unable to comply  signal destroyed." " I'LL HANDLE THOSE 
INFIDELS MY SELF."  In the torture room Zero is being tortured 
by X. "X  I could destroy you right now. I have antimatter 
charges planted.Ahhhhh!" X punches him in a place where his 
armor was cracked. " You could but you would die too , and with 
Sigma leaving it would be pointless."  Zero is starting to give 
in to the shock treatment. "Maybe.. so..but..with his ..force .. 
destroyed and no ship.. he can't run. 
Goodbye...Brother.....Washu." Zero detonates the charges. The 
explosion takes out the control room and the power chamber. The 
explosion also rocks Zero out of his torture contrapment and 
knocks X to the floor. Sigma in the telportation room feels the 
shock. "SO HE DETNATED THE CHARGES COMPUTER GET ME OUT OF HERE." 
"what about neo x?" "IS HE STILL UNDER MY CONTROL?" "no the 
blast knocked the s-chip out" "THEN IT'S LIKE KILLING TWO BIRDS 
WITH 1 STONE. TELEPORT ME TO THE HOUSE OF TENCHI NOW" Sigma is 
teleported to the Masaki house. Tenchi , Ayeka , Ryoko and Washu 
are standing waiting for him. Tenchi draws his sword " So you're 
Sigma ,well its all over . You don't have any troops to back you 
up." Sigma laughs " I DON'T NEED TROOPS TO FINISH YOU OFF. I 
KILLED ZERO AND X MY GREATEST COMPITITON AND YOU ARE NEXT" Washu 
flares with anger . "You killed him !!! " She uses her keyboard 
to change her into fighting gear and get even. She attacks Sigma 
using  various  fighting styles. Everyone is amased to see Washu 
fight. Sigma blocks and counter attacks. Back in the ship X 
picks himself off the floor and looks for Zero. He finds him on 
the floor motionless "Zero!!!!! Wake up we gotta get out of 
here." X turns Zero on his back. "Say Zero you're bleeding how 
is that possible?" Zero painfully explains "So I finally got 
through to you. If you must know while on Earth I got an upgrade 
that made me human. If we get out of here alive I'll make sure 
you get it too" X picks Zero up  and puts Zero's arm around his 
neck. "Come on Zero the teleporter room is just down the hall." 
They make it to the corridor to find it on fire and falling 
apart. Zero is trying to speak "X.... just ...leave ..me...I'm 
slowing you down."   X pays no mind to him and continues to 
carry Zero down the corridor. "Computer is the teleport room 
still operational" "YES" "How long till this hunk of junk blows 
up completly?" "20 minutes" "Then we better hurry." 
               Back on Earth. Sigma and Washu are still battling 
it out. Nether one has landed a blow. Washu is is getting 
pumped. " Ok time for my Washu Surprise." She comes toward Sigma 
takes a hop back and an energy ball surounds her right foot. She 
kicks him with it. Sigma is slamed through a tree. She kicks at 
him again and the energy ball comes off and slams into Sigma. 
"Had ..huff. enough...huff .cromedome" Sigma get up and wipes 
the dirt off him. "If that's the best you have you should give 
up now." Ryoko screams " Thats it I've had it. Everybody all at 
once." The group attacks  Sigma all at once. Sigma's speed is 
too much for them and all of their attacks miss. Sigma powers up 
his blaster and blasts Ryoko. She flies through the air and 
comes down on the roof of the house. She then rolls off and 
falls to the ground. Tenchi comes at him with sword above his 
head. With super quickness Sigma loges his fist into Tenchi's 
stomache. Tenchi drops his sword and falls to the ground. Ayeka 
uses her power logs to suround Sigma. They start shocking him. 
Sigma releases a great amount of energy around his body 
destroying the logs. He nails Ayeka with a left hook that sends 
her flying through a wall of the house. Sigma looks at Washu 
"Seems it's down to you and me again!" In space X and Zero 
finally make it to the teleport room. X puts Zero on the 
teleport strip. "All that's left is to enter the code 
and...ahhh!!" The controls fry X. "Teleportation is locked on 
Sigma's orders." X hits the control pannel. "How do we get out 
now, Zero I need your help" Zero takes out his teleportation 
device "I don't have enough energy to use it." X puts it on " 
But I do ,here we go Zero back to Earth" Activating teleporter 
now. X is teleported off the ship. Zero laying down smiles "It 
can only teleport 1 person." "ship destruction in 10.... 
9....8.....7....6....5....4....3....2....1" The ship explodes. X 
is finds himself inside the Masaki home. "Nooooo!! He knew it 
only teleported 1 person. How could he?" Tears come from X's 
eyes. He hears the fighting outside. He powers up his blaster to 
maximum power and heads out. Sigma has just finished off Washu. 
"I HAVE WON NO ONE CAN BEAT ME." X steps out "I CAN!!!!!" X lets 
all off his energy out in a single blast. Sigma is destroyed by 
the blast. X goes to check on Washu. " X you're alive. So where 
is Zero?" X turns away " I'm..huff sorry..huff.. he was banged 
up pretty badly and didn't have enough energy to use the 
teleportation device. He gave it to me and I thought it would 
get us both home but he knew it wouldn't I'm sorry." Washu gets 
up "It's ok" Tears wells up in her eyes as X goes to cheak on 
the others.
              A couple of days later in the Masaki house The 
whole family is sitting at the table eating except Washu. Tenchi 
starts the conversation " That way one tough fight." Ayeka 
agrees " That Sigma was super strong." Ryoko interupts "We would 
have lost if X hadn't come, we would have been toast." X who has 
been adjusting to human life is silent " I wish Zero had come 
instead of me. I know that I can never be forgiven expecially by 
Washu." Yosho consoles him " Don't beat yourself up. She is just 
in her lab greiving for the last couple of days. This family is 
in debt to you for saving us." Just then Washu comes up from her 
lab. All is silent. X walks over to her  and brings her to the 
table "Miss Washu I am just so sorry I couldn't save him." Washu 
cracks a smile " You could help being controled. Besides Zero 
probably thinks that as a crowning achievement being able to 
save his brother." Suddenly the lights go out and a cold wind 
blows in from an open window. Tenchi gets up to shut the window. 
As soon as the window is closed the lights come back on. Sasami 
asks "What was that all about?" Washu answers "Probably just the 
wind hitting a power line or something. I'll check the lab 
scanners." She heads into the lab. She boots up her main 
computer only to see something on the table. It was Zero's sword 
with a note attached to it!! It reads "Be seeing you soon" -
Zero. Washu cries tears of joy as she turns around to see Zero. 
" But how did you..." Zero cuts her off "Does it even matter?" 
She jumps into his arms for a long passionate kiss. He would 
eventually tell them all about his escape but for now he happy 
to be in the arms of the one he loved.

END 

EPILOGUE


5 days later after the destruction of Sigma the family finally 
finds out how Zero got out. "So dear brother how did you get 
out" X asked. The whole family wanted to know. Come to the 
living room and I'll tell you. They all head for the living 
room. Ryoko phases through the wall. Tenchi and Ayeka run into 
the room.Sasami and Ryo-Ohki were already there, Yosho and Washu 
walk in. And Zero and X walk in wearing two good looking suits. 
Zero sits next to Washu. "So you ready to hear it?" Everyone 
screams "Yes!!" "OK then, this is what happened. As I lay there 
my worthless life passed before my eyes.My birth with Dr.Light , 
my time working for Sigma , being fixed by Dr. Cain and my time 
here on this Earth. Then I heard a familiar voice. It said " Get 
up Zero your time isn't up yet!" I looked around  and saw Dr. 
Cain standing before me! I thought I was losing it. But when he 
picked me up and carried me into one of those capsules Dr. Light 
had  made I knew I hadn't lost it. Once inside the capsule we 
were transported to my original dimension of Earth. Once inside 
his lab he repaired my armor and I told him about my upgrade and 
he was surprised. He said that Dr. Light would be so proud of 
me. After my armor was fixed I changed into my human form and he 
put me in the healing tank. A couple of hours later I was back 
on top of the world. The doc directed me to  one of the capsules 
and it brought me back here." Everyone agreed it was quite a 
story. "Oh yeah before I forget Washu I told him about you and 
he gave me a gift for you." Washu looks shocked "Oh what can it 
be. A death ray a  new more powerful metal?" Zero reaches in his 
pocket and  pulls out a key. Washu falls back. "A key is what 
you brought back how unscientific." Zero smiles "Not just any 
key but a key that can take you anywhere, granted you've been 
there before. All you do is stick it into any key hole think of 
the place you want to be open the door and your there." Washu 
looks at the key with different eyes now " Wow not even I the 
greatest scientific genius in the universe couldn't have made 
something like this." Zero laughs " Maybe you're not the 
greatest....." Washu turns her head slowly to face Zero "What 
did you say?" Zero with a nervous smile "Nothing of importance" 
Washu smiling "Good  because if you had said I wasn't the 
greatest scientific genius in the universe I'd have to 
experiment on you. Isn't that right Tenchi?" Tenchi gulps "Yeah" 
but he thinks "Why'd she put me into this." Washu gets up "So 
who wants to try the key out." Zero thinks "Knowing her she'll 
but us into some comet or star to see how long we can last." 
Zero  gets up "Well I gotta go to work .Bye"  X gets up too 
"Zero said he'd help me look for a job uh bye" Both scramble to 
get out of the house. Washu grins ear to ear now. " Well that 
just leaves you 4" Pointing to Sasami, Ryoko, Ayeka and Tenchi.  
They  looked shocked. Tenchi tries to persuade her out of it but 
to no avail. "Oh come on we're just going to places I've been  
no where dangerous."   She drags all four of them to the door 
"Here we go" She uses the key opens the door and throws the gang 
in. "You guys tell me what you find I'll be back in an hour" was 
the last words she said before she closed the door taking the 
key out. "WASHU  DON'T LEAVE US IN 
HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

A little distance away a lone figure in the shadows chuckles, " 
Play now Zero, but in the begining there were 7 and in the end 
there was only one." 
SO  WHAT DID YOU THINK? EMAIL ME AT MSHOWMONEY@AOL.COM


