MegaManX and all other  MegaManX characters are licened and 
owned by Capcom. Tenchi Muyo! and all Tenchi Muyo! are licened 
and owned by Pioneer.
This fanfic was written by W. Showers  Email MShowmoney@AOL.com 
	  This fanfic is  a crossover between Mega ManX and Tenchi 
Muyo! The second in the series I have written.
	  In the previous fanfic MegaMan X and Zero fought Sigma 
and the X hunters. After X and Zero trash the hunters Sigma 
opens a time and space warp taking them to the Tenchi Muyo! 
universe. Zero enlist the help of  Tenchi and friends. In the 
chase for Sigma,  Zero and Washu fall in love. Sigma takes off 
into space, X  follows him in his own ship. Ryo-Ohki is hurt to 
the point it can't turn into a spaceship. And Zero is stuck with 
the Masaki household. Our story begins.

                      IN THE BEGINING
                         Chapter 1


	 "It's been a month since X left", Zero thought. "Not a 
word from him either, and I can't leave the house with my armor 
on or some inquisitive reporter might start asking questions, 
sigh ,at least I have Washu." Washu enters the room. "Hello 
lover, anything new?" Washu asks. "No not much." Zero answers. 
Washu's voice rises "I see you are still laying on the couch , 
Zero. Dear god  you've been mooping around the house all month." 
"Well if I could leave the house without arousing suspicion I 
would get out." Zero starts to get up and leave. "Wait Zero, if 
that's the problem I have the solution. Come join me in the lab.
                Meanwhile upstairs in Tenchi's room Ryoko is 
trying to get  Tenchi's attention. "Get off me Ryoko!" Tenchi 
yells. "Ohh come on Tenchi I just want to show you something. 
Suddenly Ayeka busts into the room through the side wall. " You 
space trash, how could you try to seduce my Lord Tenchi" Ryoko 
gets up. "Your Lord Tenchi? I am much more suitable for Tenchi 
than you, you, you flat chested bimbo.After a brief moment a 
silence Ayeka launches a furious attack at Ryoko knocking her 
through the outside wall. Ryoko counterattacks with multiple 
energy blast. And of course Tenchi was in the middle. "Girls 
stop it!!!!" That was the last thing Tenchi said before both 
girls accidentally punched him knocking him out cold. In unison 
"TENCHI!!" Sasami and Mihoshi  run in. Sasami knells down near 
Tenchi. "What happened?" Neither Ryoko or Ayeka answer. "Oh we 
can sort this out later. Mihoshi go get Yosho. Let's move him 
downstairs onto the couch."
	 Hours later Tenchi wakes up on the couch with a bandage on 
his head. "Uhhhhhhhhhhh! What happened?" A doctor walks toward 
Tenchi. "You have suffered a tremendous amount of bone damage in 
your skull. But you have for some reason healed almost 
completely, that is , after I performed my Super  Cure All 
Procedure on you might I add is not cheap. Here is my bill 
Mr.Masaki. I'll expect my payment in 2 weeks or less. Good Day." 
Mr.Masaki looked at the bill and frowned. "Another bill and 
another debt. Not to mention the holes in Tenchi's walls. How 
are we going to pay for this? Sasami interrupts "With love?"  "I 
don't think so kiddo" Washu  enters the room from her lab. "The 
best we can do for now is clean up the mess and get the house 
work done. Ryoko , Ayeka since you two trashed Tenchi's room you 
should be the ones to clean it up. Sasami you make dinner and 
Mihoshi rake the leaves up outside."  Ryoko interrupts " And 
what will you be doing mom." "I'll be keeping poor Tenchi 
company." "But mom you have a boyfriend." Washu, smiling "What 
can I say old habits die hard." Ayeka enters the conversation 
"Speaking of Zero where is he? I thought for sure he would be on 
the couch." Ryoko jokes "What a freeloader he loafs around and 
avoids work." "Sounds like you" quips Ayeka  "You ole hag you 
got us in this mess" "OH YEAH?" "YEAH" "@#$%%^%$^&* YOU" " SAME 
TO YOU" "Girls , girls this is how this started , SO SHUT UP. 
Also if you must know Zero left hours ago to go to town. Now GET 
TO WORK!!" Everyone leaves to start their work. Only Washu and 
Tenchi are left in the room. "So Tenchi  do you feel up to a 
quick testing." Tenchi looks at Washu. "I feel as if I don't 
have a choice in the matter." "Ah, Tenchi you know me all to 
well.
	   Many Hours later. Washu is sitting on the couch by 
herself. "It's Eleven o'clock where is he." Yosho enters the 
room. "Washu it's late everyone else is asleep. Go get some rest 
I will wait for him." "No I am fine. But thank you. A man in a 
suit walks into the room. "Man those steps are a killer" Yosho 
gets up "May I ask who you are." Washu stands up "Oh that just 
Zero coming home late!" "OH I'm soo sorry my queen please accept 
my soul as payment.Yosho gives a puzzled looked "But the armor" 
"I the Great Washu added a program to Zero that makes him look 
human. But if you Hit him it's pure bot,see" Washu hit Zero in 
the arm and hits flesh. "Hey I didn't install a feeling sensor 
too" "My dear Washu I added on to my program so that I am 
human." "Noway If you were human I could cut you and you would 
bleed." Zero takes out a pen knife and makes a slice on his hand 
blood comes out. "My Core processor has been replaced with a 
human brain. All my mechanical systems have been replaced by 
bone , muscle,and blood. Both Washu  and Yosho are stunned. 
Yosho is finally able to speak "What about your armor?" "It can 
be activated with a single thought by me! Then I'll be the Zero 
you know and  love. Washu starts to giggle "So that means that 
you have all the human male qualities including testicular 
fortitude?" Zero's eyes widened "Yes" Washu  grabs Zero's arm 
and heads toward the lab entrance. "It's been nice talkin to you 
Yosho but I've got an experiment to start. Yosho smiles " Say no 
more my dear." Zero and Washu enter the lab. If you put your ear 
to the lab door you could hear a female scream and a male 
moaning.
	  The next morning before any one else was up Zero and 
Washu were having coffee and watching the news on T.V. Washu 
puts her cup down "You were pretty good last night." Zero puts 
his cup down  " I do aim to please" Washu takes another sip of 
coffee and jokes "For this being your first time you were right 
on target" Zero whispers to Washu "I didn't know you could 
scream so loud." Washu's face turns a deep red with 
embarrassment. "Say Washu didn't you at one time love Tenchi?" 
Washu smiling "I still do. But now its a older sister younger 
brother type of love." Zero smiles "So what kind of love am I?" 
Washu laughs "It should be pretty obvious after what you did 
last night.Now it was Zero's turn to be red with embarrassment.  
Zero gets up "I better get ready to go" Washu calmly asks "Where 
to?" Zero heads to the lab  "No where special just out" Washu 
gets up "When can I expect you back?" Zero heads into the lab 
"Around the same time as last night." Washu cuts him off in the 
lab she comes in close for a kiss , Zero backs away. "Washu I 
know what you did last night , I was there. I ain't kissing you 
until you brush your teeth and don't forget about the mouth 
wash!
               Meanwhile in Deep Space. "Master, we are close to 
the Earth's solar system, ETA (estimated time of arrival) 
unknown." "IT DOESN'T MATTER ZERO WILL GET HIS. I WILL 
PERSONALLY SEE TO IT. ONCE HE IS OUT OF THE WAY EARTH IS OURS." 
"Sir what about those punks he befriended?" "WE'LL DESTROY THEM 
ALL EXECPT THAT PINK HAIRED ONE. SHE IS SMART ENOUGH TO THWART 
US. WE WILL CAPTURE HER DRAIN HER OF HER INFORMATION THEN 
DESTROY HER." "But what about the Galaxy Police?" "SHUT UP YOU 
ASK TOO MANY QUESTIONS BUT I WILL HANDLE THEM TOO. PREPARE THE 
TROOPS FOR BATTLE .
	 4 hours later in Sasami's Room. Sasami is tossing and 
turning in her sleep. She sees a shadow of a man destroying 
Tenchi. She sees all her friends laying on the ground not 
moving. As the dream goes on see sees the whole human race 
laying on top of one another. She also sees a fleet of ships  
destroyed and the bodies of those deceased in the cold reached 
of space all dead. Sasami looks at the shadow again , it's 
starting to come in focus. It's Sigma , no the image changes to 
X ,no the view is clear, the shadow, the destroyer of Earth, 
Tenchi ,and that fleet ,it's Zero!! Zero holds his blaster out 
smiles a wicked smile and fires on her. Sasami wakes up in a 
cold sweat. Sasami in tears goes to Tenchi's room. She wakes 
Tenchi up and tells him about the dream. Ryoko who is hiding in 
Tenchi's closet hears the story and Ayeka who is hiding under 
Tenchi's bed hears the story. Coincidentally both come out at 
the same time and try to reassure Sasami. Ryoko starts "Sasami 
it was just a dream. Nightmare if you will." Tenchi interrupts " 
But still remember the dream she had about Kagato. That was a 
sign of things to come." Ayeka ever so calmly states "Maybe we 
should tell Washu, just in case." They head down stairs to 
Washu's lab. Tenchi repeats the dream to Washu. Washu thinks for 
a while before speaking "Its just a dream. Zero would never hurt 
any of us. But as for Sigma........." Mihoshi burts into the 
lab. "Miss Washu I just got an ergent message from the galaxy 
police on my cube but I can' t get it to work. Washu sighs "Give 
it here" Washu tinkers for a bit then a video uplink of a 
soldier appears from the cube. "Mihoshi  we need help we were 
suddenly under attack by a huge force they are wiping us out 
please... Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!." Washu tinkers some 
more "That was it. The transmission was cut off. But I can get a 
current view of the battle. Hold on for a minute."Washu starts 
typing on her computer. A screen come up the whole fleet was 
wiped out. Dead bodies are everywhere. Sasami cries out "Thats 
what I saw in my dream." Mihoshi interupts " But how did they 
know they were there. Those ships had a special cloaking device. 
The only ones that knew about it was us..."   Ryoko adds " Us 
minus two. Yosho and Zero aren't here."Tenchi jumps in "Grampa, 
no way he was in the shrine all day yesterday and is out side 
raking right now. That leaves.." "Zero" Washu states. "He has 
been acting stange lately. Leaving the house in the morning and 
returning late. Not telling me where he's going. Very strange. 
Ok here's what we will do. Ack as if nothing has happened. I 
will try to speed up Ryo-Ohki's recovery. Ryoko you will spy on 
Zero and report every day. Alright lets get this experiment 
going."
	Ryoko follows Zero for a month , the destruction of fleets 
contiue in space , and Zero keeps returning late.
In Town Ryoko is following Zero. Zero walks into a alley Ryoko 
follows but when she gets there he has vanished. "I swear he 
went down here" "I did come down here Ryoko" Ryoko turns around 
to see Zero in full hunter armor blaster pointed at her. "Now 
tell me why you have been following me for a month now!" Ryoko 
spills the beans about the whole operation. "I see and Washu put 
you up to this." Ryoko quickly answers "Yes"  Zero answers back 
"Well tell her I 'll be home early to answer some of those 
questions" Zero blast a blinding light at Ryoko. When the light 
is gone, so is Zero. Ryoko goes home and tells Washu what 
happened. Washu listens carefully and says "He won't be happy 
with me but I got to smooth it over with him."
	 Meanwhile in deep space. "Sir  we've wiped out over 100 
ships in the last month." "BAHH!! THREE LOUSY FLEETS. THE REAL 
FIRE WORKS START WHEN WE PASS MARS. I'LL DESTROY THEM ALL. 
MAINTAIN CURRENT SPEED."
	 1 hour later Zero returns to the Masaki residece. He heads 
straight for Washu's lab. Washu is sitting typing something on 
her  computer.  Zero quickly changes into his hunter armor and 
blasts the keyboard Washu is using. Washu turns and faces Zero 
"Was that nessisary?" Zero is hot with rage " Idon't know you 
tell me. Was having Ryoko follow me nessisary?" Washu frowns " 
Listen I only had the family's safety at heart. When Sasami had 
the dream.." Zero interrupts " A dream?! Yes, I do believe some 
dreams tell the future , but thats why we have reality to make 
sure so dreams don't come true. Instead of spying on me you 
should have told me about the incidents. So did the spying pay 
off?"Washu looks at the blasted keyboard "No , everyday she 
would lose track of you.But that just added to the thought of 
you transmiting information to the destroyers out there" Zero 
starts to laugh " Do you know what I was doing. I got a job 
working as a stockbroker's assistant. I had to arrive early each 
moring to get the good buys and stay late to assist the broker. 
Why all this trouble for a job? The assistant position pays 
well. And with the money I made I could help pay off some of the 
debt this family has." Washu has tears in her eyes " Oh Zero I 
didn't know." Zero turns his back to her " That's right you 
didn't know. And while I can't blame you for thinking the way 
you did I still wish you told me how you felt on the matter. And 
eve if I still hadn't told you, you could have asked Yosho about 
it. Washu's face turns blank "Yosho?!!" Zero turns and faces her 
"Yosho knows because 1. He is up when I leave every morning, 2. 
He wacthes where I go and 3. most importantly I give him the 
money to pay the bills. Zero change back into a suit and tie and 
exits the lab . Washu follows "Where are you going?" Zero turns 
"Back to work I'm on my lunch hour." Ayeka , Ryoko, Tenchi , 
Mihoshi and Sasami are on the couch  quietly waiting for Zero to 
leave. After Zero leaves they all gather around Washu. Tenchi 
starts "So what did you find out?" Washu smiling " Well I found 
out we made complete boobs out of ourselves.  Aparently Zero has 
been working downtown to pay off the debt we're in. Not 
contacting the destroyer. Ryoko interupts " And you bought it oh 
man he's got you worked." Washu starts again "If you don't 
believe me ask Yosho. Zero has been giving him the money to pay 
off the debt." Tenchi starts "Washu your right but I feel worse 
than a boob more like a backstabber."  Everone agrees except 
Ryoko who is still against Zero Sasami who has been quiet says " 
Maybe we could make it up to him by doing something nice." Washu 
agrees " Yes I know what we can do but we've got to hurry he 
gets off work at eleven. Ryoko interrupts again " Oh yeah that 
gives us only 9hours to work with. Oh what will we do?" Washu  
with a big smile on her face "Ryoko sass me one more time and 
you'll be sorry!!!"
	 9 hours later in deep space " FIELD AGENT" "Yes sir" "GET 
YOUR TROOPS IN POSITION THE FINAL HOUR IS ALMOST HERE." "Sir we 
have tracked Zero's last known location to a house in the hills. 
I already have a small platoon hiding around it" "GREAT. YOU MAY 
GET PROMOTED IF YOU DO YOUR JOB RIGHT. NUMBER 1, STATUS." "We 
are 7 days from Earth." "GOOD. FIELD AGENT TELL YOU TROOPS TO 
FIRE ON MY WORD.
	 Meanwhile in the Masaki house. Washu comes over to Zero. 
"You seem distracted tonight is something wrong?" Zero looks up 
"No but something feels odd. I mean I'm glad you guy threw a 
party for me. I just need some air." Zero goes outside and takes 
in a breath of fresh air. "Something stinks. Wait I know that 
smell its from a warmed up plasma disruptor ......" Zero runs 
into the house "Everbody move it!!!!" "FIRE"  Outside hundres of  
plasma bursts come from bushes , trees and other objects. The 
blasts penetrate the house like it was made of paper. The house 
is full of holes  big and small. "Sir the target has been 
destroyed." 

This is the End of Chapter 1. But are our heroes dead , if so 
I'm out of a job but if not  get ready for Chapter 2 


