The Infinite, Part 1:The Void Opens
By White Raven [trunks_vs_cactus@hotmail.com]

As the sun beat down on the Masaki household, life was pretty much going on
as it normally went. Ryoko and Aeka were fighting over Tenchi, Sasami was
cooking away in the kitchen, Mihoshi was snoring away, like I said, pretty
much normal. Except, something wasn't normal. No-one knew what, but
something wasn't right. Tenchi was pondering what seemed wrong as he was
training with his grandfather. This was a mistake, because he wasn't
concentrating, and Yousho gave him a nasty blow to the stomach with his
wooden sword. "Tenchi, you really need to concentrate." he said as Tenchi
lay down on the ground, gasping for air.
"I....know....Grandfather. Could....we....take a...break now?"
Yousho was about to answer, but just then, a gentle tremor shook the ground.
"What the..." Tenchi managed to gasp before a huge crack spread along the
ground and he nearly fell in. Tenchi jumped away in fear as Yousho watched
with curiosity. Then, another crack spread along the ground, and another,
and another. There were crack spreading along the ground everywhere, and a
huge Earthquake was shaking the ground. A small, pale blue ball of energy
then appeared in front of Yousho. However, no-one noticed this, as they were
all running for their lives from the huge fissures spreading along the
ground. However, they did notice when the energy ball exploded in a huge
blast of green blue energy. "Uh, is everyone okay?" Tenchi asked nervously
after the explosion had finished and he had made sure all his limbs were
still attached.
"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhh." said eight people simultaneously. They were okay. Tenchi
then staggered up and noticed a small boy standing where the energy ball had
been. The looked about twelve, yet his eyes made him look like he had seen
the beginning and end of the universe. He had skin which looked like liquid
silver, and wore a long, black cloak which spread down to his knees. His
hair was raven black, and flowed down to his neck. "Hello." he said gently
"My name is Matao. Nice to meet you all."
"Uh, nice to meet you too." said Tenchi in the tone of voice someone might
use if they were talking to a child holding a nuclear weapon "My name is
Tenchi. Hey, I was just wondering....."was all he got out before Ryoko
started yelling.
"WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOUR DOING, KID! YOU NEARLY KILLED US!"
Tenchi looked nervously at Matao, thinking he would probably kill Ryoko, but
all he did was say "I don't like being yelled at." and Ryoko went flying
through the walls of Tenchi's house as if she was being thrown be an
invisible force.
"Why you little..." Ryoko said as she crawled out of the wreckage. But that
was all she got out, because then Matao snapped his fingers, and huge bolts
of lightning began to blast Ryoko. She felt as though someone was trying to
tear her to shreds, and succeding. She screamed in agony, knowing that Matao
would not stop, for she could her him laughing gently to himself. She may
have been screaming, but his laugh still penetrated the sound, as gentle as
it was.
"Stop it!" yelled Tenchi, "Please stop!"
"Okay." Matao said. Suddenly, the lightning stopped. Ryoko flopped down to
the floor, and everyone [even Aeka, who quietly said to herself that even
Ryoko didn't deserve that] rushed over to see if she was okay. Washu and
Tenchi pulled her up slowly, and Ryoko faintly muttered "Why....did
you......do...that?" before passing out in Tenchi's arms.
"I said I don't like being yelled at." Matao said quietly.
Tenchi carried Ryoko off to a bed that hadn't been destroyed, and Washu got
out her computer to make some scans, while everyone else just stood around,
marvelling at the fact that one kid just floored one of the most dangerous
criminals in the universe just by snapping his fingers. "Hmm, strange."
Washu said more to herself than anyone else "I keep running scans on the
kid, but he isn't even being detected on my computer. Its like he isn't even
there!"
"At this, Matao looked at her, and said "Would you like to meet my other
friends?" Right after he said this, he began to fade away.
"What the hell?" said Aeka.
"Kiyone, I'm scared!" whimpered Mihoshi who was holding on to Kiyone for
dear life.
"Mihoshi.....I can't.....breath!"
"Oh, sorry, sorry."
As Tenchi returned, he noticed everyone was staring at another ball of blue
energy that had appeared in front of them.
"Hey, whats that? And where did Matao go?" he said. No-one heard him,
because at that moment, the ball exploded, and a huge, black void opened up
and seemed to swallow the world.
"AHHHHHHHHH!" screamed everyone who could, but they're screams were quickly
silenced by the darkness of the void as it enveloped them.

NOTE: This was my first fan fic, so forgive me if its not that good. For
those who are wondering "Where are the characters from the other series, I
mean, it is a crossover" just wait till part two, okay?
Right, now I've got to do the diclaimers:
Tenchi Muyo and all its characters do not belong to me. Actually, I don't
know who it belongs to, but I'm sure they're rich as hell. Also, sorry if I
accidently sent this story twice.
