Tenchi awoke slowly to find himself with an extremely painful headache and
a very sore body. He staggered up and, after regaining his vision, looked
around to try and get some idea of where he was. Apparently, he was in the
middle of an old and ruined temple that looked like no-one had ever been
there before but somehow it had been destroyed anyway. The ruins were
surronded by a gigantic forest that stretched as far as Tenchi could see,
filled with huge trees and exotic looking flowers. As Tenchi looked around,
he saw that everyone else was here too. Ryoko was on top of what used to be
a small, marble building, Mihoshi was stuck in a tree, everyone was there
in pretty much one peice.
"Is everyone okay?" he said gingerly as the group pulled itself together.
"Uhhhhhhhh." moaned eight simoultanious voices. Tenchi suddenly had the
weirdest feeling of Deja-vuh.
"Man, good thing my Dad was at work when this happened." Tenchi thought "At
least I don't have to worry about him getting hurt."
"Hey, does anyone know where we are?" Sasami asked as she pulled herself
out of the bush she had landed in.
"Well." Washu said as her translucent computer appeared and she began to
type away. "According to my computer, we are.....nowhere."
"Huh?"Everyone said with a confused look on their faces.
"We are nowhere. My computer does not register the area we are in on my
map, and I've mapped out the entire universe!"
Suddenly, Washu A and B popped up from nowhere. "Thats right! She has the
entire universe mapped out! Why you ask? Because she is Washu, the greatest
genius of all time!" A shouted out for all to hear.
"Thats right, she is the greatest mind in the universe!" B chipped in. They
then both began to chant "Washu! Washu!" until Ryoko shut them up by
threatening to kill them both.
"Anyone got any ideas?" Tenchi asked the group.
"I think that we should split into groups and try to see if anyone else is
around here besides us." Yousho said quietly.
"Good idea, Grandfather."
"Hey, Tenchi, wanna come get lost with me?" Ryoko said seducingly.
"He most certainly will not!" Ayeka shouted out.
"Oh yeah? And whos gonna stop me! You, little princess?"
"WOULD YOU PLEASE SHUT UP!" Everyone suddenly stopped and stared at Tenchi,
who had just made the sudden outburst of anger. "Okay. Ryoko, Ayeka, you'll
both come with me if it'll stop your fighting. We'll go deeper into the
forest. Mihoshi, you go with Kiyone and Washu to the other end of the
forest. Grandfather, you go with Sasami and Ryo-oki to the mountains off
there in the distance. Okay, is everybody happy now!"
"Okay." Everyone said before heading off in their seperate directions.
However, as they went off, they were all unaware that they were being
watched by four mysterious figures hiding in the trees.
"I don't trust them."One of the figures, a man, said.
"Oh, please, you don't trust anyone." said another, this one female.
"Well, wat do you think we should do?" another woman said to the fourth
figure, who didn't speak, but instead pointed in the direction Tenchi,
Ryoko and Ayeka had headed off in.
"Fine then." The first voice said. "But if they start to get hostile....."
"Shut up and come on." The first woman said. The small group then started
off after Tenchi, Ryoko and Ayeka.

Somwhere in the dense forest Tenchi was wondering around, completely lost.
I wonder if I'll ever get out of here, he thougt to himself. Ryoko suddenly
appeared out of nowhere next to Tenchi. "Hey, Tenchi. Sure you don't wanna
try and get lost together? All we have to do is lose the bratty princess
and then we can have some fun."
"You leave Lord Tenchi alone, demon!" Ayeka shouted as she caught up with
them. "He is not a man of loose morals! And he centainly wouldn't want to
be seen with anyone as ugly as you."
"You litte bitch! That does it, I've had enough of you. This time you won't
live!"
"Ryoko, Ayeka, no!" Tenchi shouted, but it did no good. Those two were at
it already. Ryoko was hurling energy balls left and right, but Ayeka was
dodging them all. Getting annoyed, Ryoko gathered an ball of bright orange
energy that was the size of a small car and threw it at Ayeka. There was no
time for her to dodge, this blast would kill Ayeka on the spot. But before
the blast could reach her, it was blasted back by a ball of black energy
that was the size of a truck. The energy then exploded in a huge blast of
fire and smoke, leaving a huge crater where the two blasts had met. Tenchi
slowly picked himself out of the wreckage of a small pile of rocks, dirt
and trees, and asked "Did you do that Ayeka?"
"No Lord Tenchi, I don't know who did that." Ayeka said as she slowly
pulled herself up from her own small pile of rubble.
"I know who did that." a voice said from behind Ayeka. Instantly everyone
turned to see who had said it. Standing a few meters behind Ayeka was a
tall, pale skinned man with long, blue hair. The stranger was wearing
mediaval style armor along with a long blue cape, and was holding a large
scythe in one hand, and a glowing ball of black energy in the other. "And
unless you want me to really let loose, I suggest you all stay where you
are."

"Alright, buddy, I don't know who you are, but this is none of your
buisness." Ryoko told the mysterious person.
"Well, I'm making it my buisness." the man told Ryoko with a cold stare.
"Way to go, Magus!" yelled a woman as she slowly climbed out of a tree that
she had obviously been hiding in. The girl was rather strange looking,
wearing large rimmed glasses and a yellow helmet that covered a short,
purple haircut. Out of the tree climbed two other figures, one was a woman
with long, blonde hair curled into a neat ponytail wearing a turquoise top
and trousers. The other was a young man wearing a long blue shirt and a
white bandana below his spiky red hair. All of them were holding very cool
and very deadly looking weapons, the first woman had a weird looking gun,
the second was holding a crossbow in her hand and the young man had a long,
thin sword in its holder on his back. "You did hear us say don't attack.
DON'T ATTACK! Do you have no sense at all?!?"
"I told you." the man they called Magus said. "If they get hostile, I'll
attack them. For all you know they could be servants of that child!"
"Uh, excuse me, if your talking about that brat Matao, we're sure as hell
not his servants!" Ryoko shouted at them.
"Ryoko!" Tenchi shouted at her. "Sorry about her, she has a temper. My name
is Tenchi Masaki, this Ryoko and this is Ayeka, its nice to meet you."
"Hi." The blonde girl said to Tenchi. "My name is Marle. You've already met
Magus, her name is Lucca, and he's Crono."
"Hi."Lucca said. Crono waved and Magus stood staring coldly.
"So."Magus said. "If you're not that boy's servants, then just what are you
doing here?"
"Well, you see, um, Magus, Matao appeared at our house and..." Before
Tenchi could get out any more, a very loud, very sharp scream filled the
air. "Thats Mihoshi! She must be in trouble!" Tenchi shouted before running
off in the direction of Mihoshi's scream.
"More likely she saw a bug."Ryoko coldly said to no-one before following
Tenchi with everyone else.

As Tenchi scrambled through some bushes, he noticed why Mihoshi had
screamed.Standing right beside her were two men. One looked quite young,
about twenty, with short, mauve hair who was wearing a blue jacket over a
black vest and black trousers. He was currently holding a large sword and
was fighting with another young man who also had mauve hair, only it was
longer and was in a neat ponytail. He had a sort of red ninja getup on and
was holding two sharp daggers. Fighting with him was a purple haired woman
holding a large staff. Both of them looked very angry at the youth with the
sword. Mihoshi, Kiyone and Washu were just spectators as the three people
tried to beat the hell out of each other. "Cool." Ryoko said as she arrived
on the scene. "Just like one of those Samurai movies."
The trio seemed quite determined to kill each other. The boy with the sword
was moving with lightning speed, no-one could follow him. He was striking
and slashing left and right at the other two, but they didn't seem very
harmed. In fact, they were fighting back just as hard. The man was throwing
a large collection of Shurikens at the other boy, and the lady was somehow
shooting of balls of light from her staff. It was very exciting. After a
while, Yousho, Sasami and Ryo-oki arrived and became enthralled by the
duel. Magus looked quite irritated at the battle, and decided it was
enough. He hurled another ball of black energy at the three, which exploded
and send everyone but Magus flying.

When the dust settled and everyone dragged themselves vetical, Lucca yelled
out "WHAT THE HELL IS YOUR PROBLEM! YOU DON'T JUST HURL AROUND MAGIC
WITHOUT CONSIDERING WHAT MIGHT HAPPEN!"
"Actually, I knew exactly what would happen." Magus calmly said. "You would
all go flying, and the fighting would cease. Anyway, greetings to you three
travellers, I am Magus, and if you even think of attacking me, I'll blow
into temporal dust."

Everyone got up and introduced themselves. The mauve haired boy with the
sword was called Trunks, and the other two were called Hawk and Angela.
"Well, now that thats taken care of." Angela said as she wiped some dirt
off her dress. "How do we get out of here?"
"Oh, thats easy. You don't."

Everyone spun around as soon as they heard that voice. It was Matao,
standing behind them, looking quite amused. "Okay, now that you're all
here." He said. "Lets play."

DISCLAIMER:I'd just like to say I don't own any of these characters, except
Matao, who I made up. Trunks is owned by Akira Toriyama and Funiamtion.
Hawk and Angela are property of Squaresoft.
Magus, Crono, Lucca and Marle also belong to Squaresoft, but they belong to
Akira Toriyama aswell.
I don't know who owns Tenchi and his friends, but its not me.
