Tenchi: Crown Prince of the World of Jurai!
Ryoko: Semiretired Space Pirate Extraordinare!
Ayeka: First Princess of the Planet Jurai!
Sasami: Second Princess of Said Planet!
Mihoshi: First Class Detective of the Galaxy Police!
Washuu: Universally Renowned Mad Scientist!
--and Superman: Amazing Stranger From the Planet Krypton!

Children of the far-flung stars, these seven disparate beings must
learn to co-exist for the sake of their adopted world of Earth!  But
have they been brought together by a quirk of fate, or something far
more sinister...?  MIKE SMITH presents the Next Best Thing to "Next
Best Thing": THE INHUMAN CONDITION!

***

Part 5--SUPERMAN VS. WASHUU

Smash Hit Disclaimer of 1938!: This story features Superman and the
cast of the Tenchi Muyo! OAV series, which are trademarks of DC Comics
and  AIC/Pioneer LDC, Inc.  You can figure out which bits were whose,
I suspect.  Anyway, this is an unauthorized work, and no profit is
being made on this work by me.  This story is copyright of me.
Download if you like, but please don't archive it without my
permission. Don't be shy.

Valedictorian Continuity Note of the Class of 26,335 B.C.!: This story
takes place between ACTION COMICS #773 and SUPERMAN v.2 #164, and
sometime after Episode #13 of the Tenchi Muyo! OAV.

Questions?  Comments?  Whatever? Send it all on over to
mike_p_smith@prodigy.net!

--------------------------------------------------------------------
Original Tenchi Muyo! concept by Masaki Kajishima and Hiroki Hayashi
Superman created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster
--------------------------------------------------------------------

Most of his enemies had families.  They generally never worked out
very well.  Luthor had a wife and daughter, and he sold both of them
out to acquire greater power.  Brainiac learned of a descendant of his
from the distant future, and used that relation to manipulate a squad
of the Legion of Super Heroes to further his own twisted goals.
Conduit became the monster he was in an attempt to lash out at the
world for the verbal abuse his father had handed down to him over the
years.

Washuu was different.  Disparate as they were, her family worked.
After he woke up in her lab and convinced the alien creature Ryo-Oh-Ki
to remove the Kryptonite that she'd left there to keep him powerless,
he escaped to find Washuu's base of operations was in a rural area of
Japan of all places.  Not a bunker or a stronghold in the middle of
nowhere.  Somebody's house.  Somebody's home.

"Well, the other thing I need to explain is Mihoshi," Tenchi said as
they walked down the path to his house.  "See, the four of us, me,
Ryoko, Ayeka, and Sasami, we'd almost gotten used to the idea of
living together like this, and my dad even offered to take them along
on our annual trip to the hot spring in the mountains.  Long story
short, Mihoshi fell on it."

He was Superman.  His wife was the one who came up with the name,
based on the fact that she had first seen him flying in the air and
lifting aircraft like a normal person would rearrange furnitutre.
Ever since, he'd dedicated his powers and abilities to defending
Metropolis and the rest of the world from whatever menaces that
threatened his home.  After seeing Tenchi's home, and meeting a few of
the people who lived there, he was starting to wonder how Washuu fit
in as one of those menaces. "And how does she fit into the legend of
the shrine?" he asked.

"She doesn't," Tenchi explained.  "Not directly.  Mihoshi's a Galaxy
Police officer.  She was assigned to patrol this sector of space, and
somehow she must have lost control of her ship and literally dropped
right out of the sky on us.  Turned out she was searching for the most
wanted criminal in their files, Kagato.  Of course, she wasn't going
anywhere after what happened to her ship, so we took her in until she
figured out her next move."

"I've heard of the Galaxy Police," Superman nodded.  In fact it was
starting to give him an idea... "They do good work.  I imagine it
didn't take long for this Kagato person to turn up, though."

"Actually, he was looking for us," Tenchi answered.  He pulled out his
sword and held it up in his hand.  "He... he was after power.  Somehow
he figured this sword would help him get it.  It got kind of rough,
and I almost got killed, but Ryoko and the others rallied--bought me
enough time to learn how to defeat him, and .  And that was how we met
Washuu, because she when we defeated Kagato, we wound up freeing her
from his ship."

"Ahh... so he was her assistant," Superman said.  "Yes, my friend
Jimmy got some of this from her when she revealed herself in
Metropolis.  And she said she was freed by a group of people,
including a man from our planet... you, of course."

"Are you sure you understand all that?" Tenchi asked him again.  "I
mean, it's a lot to swallow all at once, I guess."

"No I think I've got it," Superman assured him.  "Trust me, in my line
of work, you while away a lot time trading origin stories.  If you
want convoluted, you should try talking to the Outsiders, or the
Justice League's defunct European branch.  It's a complicated story,
but the bottom line is that you're a group of alien refugees living
together on Earth, right?"

"Yeah, pretty much," Tenchi sighed.  "Heh.  It sounds kind of dumb
when you put it like that."

"Not at all!" Superman objected.  "I think it's a very noble thing
what you're doing here, son.  You're trying to do right by your
family--both human and Jurai--not to mention quartering a Galaxy
Police officer, rehabilitating a former criminal and helping them all
adjust to life on this world.  It says a lot about the kind of man you
are.   It's this Washuu thing I don't get."

He cupped his hands over his face.  "Geez!  I still can't understand
how all this happened, Superman.  She never expressed any interest in
the outside world before.   You gotta believe me, if I had known she
was capable of something like this I would have--"

"Done what?" Superman asked.  "After all, I'm Superman and it's been
all I can do to keep up with her.  No one's blaming you, Tenchi.
Although I'm not sure what sort of ramifications she'll have to face
once I'm finished putting a stop to her experiments in Metropolis.
I'm willing to let this go as a misunderstanding--Lord knows we've had
our fair share of confused aliens and absent-minded scientists in
Metropolis--but it's not up to me.  The proper authorities will have
to make that decision, once I've figured out who that would be..."

He looked at Superman and took a deep breath.  "Look, it's my
responsibility.  Whatever she's done, I can't abandon her now.  I'll
go with you to Metropolis, take the blame for what she's done."

Superman raised an eyebrow at this proposal.  Somehow, he couldn't
imagine Brainiac's landlord making a similar offer.  "Well, you've
certainly shown me a different side of Washuu, that she should have
such a loyal friend in you, Tenchi.  I'll see what we can do.  Right
now, I have a debt to repay."

They stopped at the house, and the cat-rabbit dashed out to them from
the yard.  Superman knelt down and reached into a pocket in the liner
of his cape.  "There's a good girl--Ryo-Oh-Ki, isn't it?  Well, since
you helped me out of a super-danger, I think it's only appropriate
that you get a super-reward!"  He pulled out a two-foot long carrot
from behind his back, and presented it to the eager Ryo-Oh-Ki.

Her mouth gaped open in awe and wonder, and she took the massive
carrot into her front legs, fondling the vegetable, and possibly
contemplating how best to savor it.  Superman stood back up and
smiled.  "There's this nice little farm in Chile I stopped at after I
escaped, then I flew back here to find you.  The owner was reluctant
to part with a record breaking specimen, but after posing with it for
a few photos, he agreed to let me have it."

"Huh.  Well, you certainly figured out how to get on Ryo-Oh-Ki's good
side, I'll say that," Tenchi chuckled.  "I bet it'll be weeks before
she'll be satisfied with normal-sized carrtos ever again!"

Ryo-Oh-Ki shifted her form into a humanoid toddler and raced into the
house carrying the giant carrot high above her head, mewing
triumphantly with her treasured prize.  Superman and Tenchi followed
her inside, and they headed for the kitchen.  There, they found Sasami
and Mihoshi, busily working on some nuance of food preparation.

"It won't (grrr!) open!" the tall blonde whined, wrestling with a bag
of potato chips.

"Of course it will!" Sasami rallied.  "They wouldn't sell them in bags
like that if you couldn't get inside.  Keep at it."

"But why can't you just do it for me?" Mihoshi asked.

The blue-haired child sighed.  "Because I'm trying to teach you how to
make this on your own.  Trust me, tuna casserole is really easy to
cook, Mihoshi, and you can make some when you're on those long patrols
around the solar system.  All you have to do is crush up the potato
chips, add some cream of mushroom soup and--"

"If I'm just crushing these, why don't I do it _before_ I open the
bag, like this?"  She laid the bag on the counter, and raised the
handle of her sidearm over her head.   "YAAA!" she cried, bringing the
butt of the pistol down onto the immobilized bag, and bursting it wide
open in a single blow.

Superman entered the room first, only to be met with a hail of smashed
chips.

"Oops," Mihoshi squeaked.

"OK, so that leaves us with just one bag to work with," Sasami said,
trying her best to maintain her professional-style composure, "but we
can still make this work!  I'll get you off of those nasty old
reconstituted freeze-dried meals yet!"  She turned to grab the
surviving bag, but noticed the newcomer at the door first.

"You must be Sasami," Superman said, wiping off his chest and moving
past the door so Tenchi could enter.  He took the sides of his cape
and curtsied for her.  "It's an honor to meet you, Your Highness."

She giggled at the genteel display.  "Tenchi! Is this a friend of
yours from school?" she asked.

"Ah, not quite," Tenchi replied.  "You see, his name is--"

"Oh... oh WOW!" Mihoshi screamed as she looked around to see him.
Then she fainted dead away.  Superman caught her in his arms before
she could hit the floor.

"This is the Galaxy Police officer assigned to Earth sector?"  he asked.

Tenchi and Sasami nodded in confirmation.

"Well, if I ever become vulnerable to snack foods, I'll know who to
call," he chuckled.  "Still, I'll want to have a talk with her...
after she wakes up."  He lifted the detective into his arms and
carried her to a nearby couch in the living room.  "First, I'd better
check on Kelex in the lab.  He should be just about ready by now..."

***

So far, everything had been working out just fine, Washuu thought.
Now that that meddlesome Superman was out of the picture, she could
finally concentrate on examining the nature of his city, and his
effect upon its people.

For one thing, there had been a considerable increase in tension since
she had captured Superman.  Before, the townspeople were simply
annoyed that they had been discolored.  With Superman known to be
missing, they had become fearful, as if turning blue could somehow be
a fatal condition without their hero around to reverse it.  It was
interesting how casually they trusted him--particularly since they had
no way of knowing if their condition was something he knew how to
undo.  And it was fascinating how easily they had learned to resent
her--since they had just assumed that her actions were malevolent.

And no, she wasn't naive.  She knew that her actions would be
considered hostile by the test subjects.  Centuries of experience had
taught her that.  The blue effect was hardly dangerous, or even
mischievous, really.  It was achieved as a result of an airborne
vaccine she had scattered into the city's ventilation systems.  Of
course, the vaccine was for a disease that existed on a planet
thousands of light-years distant, but it WAS a good deed in a sideways
sense. Even now, Metropolis' own scientific minds were examining the
effect for themselves and slowly arriving at the same conclusion.
Once that information got out to the public, it would be most
interesting to see what they thought of her then--

"Attention, Professor Washuu!"

The television she'd kept in her secret field lab crackled to life.
She'd been using it to keep an eye on the people, but somehow the feed
had been interrupted.  It didn't take long for her to recognize who
had done it, but his next words proved it beyond a shadow of a doubt.

"This is SUPERMAN.  I'm sure you're watching this somewhere,
Professor, so I'd like to direct your attention to my surroundings
right now."  On the screen, he stepped away to show off his makeshift
studio, and Washuu gasped in shock.

He was in the lab.  Her lab.  Well, that wasn't the real surprise,
since she had left him there to begin with, but that he had somehow
managed to escape, and more--he had found a way to contact her from
there... what was he up to?

"You see, Professor, when I found myself tied up here, I realized that
you'd become so wrapped up in playing games in my home that you had
left your own unattended.  It's fallen into neglect, in my opinion.
That's why I'm proposing a trade.

"Clearly, you can enter and leave Metropolis at will.  And nothing I
do seems to deter you, so I'm going to let you keep Metropolis.  In
exchange, I'm going to follow in your example and perform a little
experiment of my own in _your_ residence!  Kelex?"

The camera view panned out to show one of her own computer consoles
next to a jury-rigged dimensional portal.  Superman touched a key and
the portal crackled to life, showing a crystal clear view of some
strange place she'd never seen before.  It looked like Kryptonian
architecture, and yet not quite--

"This is the interior of my home away from Metropolis, Washuu. I call
it the Fortress of Solitude, in case you wanted to jot that down for
your notes.  Like your place, it's constructed within a pocket of
space.  But yours, I'm afraid, is contained in a rather inconvenient
location for my needs, so I'm just going to take the whole thing and
put it away for safe keeping."  He fingered a few more keys, and the
portal opening shifted to a massive door somewhere within his fortress.

"I imagine in your studies you've heard of the Phantom Zone,
Professor?  On Krypton, my ancestors used Phantom Zone projectors to
dispose of unwanted materials by sending them to an interdimensional
void.  Matter and energy... USUALLY... don't stand up too well once
it's inside the Zone, but I thought your lab might be big enough and
sturdy enough to make the trip.  Besides, it's not as if you'll be
needing it.   I just thought you'd like to know that all your prized
and cherished possessions are in good hands." He held up his open
palms and smiled broadly.  "Mine."

She simply stared at the screen in disbelief.  Was he bluffing?  After
all, she HAD known about the Phantom Zone, so that much was true, but
how could he have arranged to use it like this?  How did he even
escape unless--?

She noticed a piece of a carrot on the floor beside his boot as he
demonstrated his plan.  Ryo-Oh-Ki.  It didn't matter how or if she
helped him, but the fact was that literally anyone in the house
upstairs could have waltzed in and out of her lab while she was gone.
  There was no reason not to trust them.  For all she knew Mihoshi or
Tenchi or any one of them was working the camera as he spoke.

And he said he would send the entire lab into an interdimensional
void.  There was no mention about who or what might be in it when it
happened.  It was likely that he was bluffing, but if he wasn't--if
one of her friends was lost forever because she had been
careless...the risk was just too high.  "You win," she mumbled.

"I'll be here for another twenty minutes in case you have any second
thoughts about my little arrangement," Superman declared.  "After
that... well, if I ever drop in on Metropolis again, I'll look you up
to see how things are going, OK?"  With that, the signal flickered
out, and regular programming was restored.  A bewildered newscaster
took his place, and she began commenting on what had just happened.

"Ladies and gentlemen, I apologize for that disruption in our
newscast, but as you have just witnessed, it appears that Metropolis'
favorite citizen, Superman, appears to have outfoxed the mysterious
visitor who has been terrorizing the city since yesterday evening--"

She whacked the set with the back of her hand, sending it careening to
the floor, and made preparations to head back to her lab.

***

"I mean, what were you THINKING?!  You could have gotten us all in a
lot of trouble!"

She raised a finger to Tenchi's lips and waited for him to stop
raving.  "Tenchi.  You're cute, but not that cute.  Let's just get
this ugly mess behind us, huh?"

"I'm for that," Superman agreed.  "I'll be more than happy to remove
the connection to the Fortress if and only if you agree to undo
everything you've wrought in Metropolis.  The Rail Whale, fix it.  The
animals in the zoo, back to normal.  Any other surprises you left in
the city," he drew a thumb across his throat.  "Get the idea?"

"Already done.  I DID promise nothing would be permanent, after all.
Everything's either been deactivated or biologically restored.  The
skin discoloration will probably be gone by the time you get back.
And then what?" Washuu asked innocently.  "You're just letting me go?"

He clenched his fists and his eyes narrowed.  "I'll let Detective
Kuramitsu answer that one..." he grumbled.

Mihoshi stepped forward and put one hand to her hip, and held out a
book in the other.  "Right!  Well, like I told Superman here...
according to my Galaxy Police Remote Sector Patrol Guide, the matter
of interspecies extradition is quite simple, really!  See, since Earth
is designated an interference-free-zone, Earth representatives have no
voice in the processing of extraplanetary offenders delivered to a GP
jurisdiction."

"Huh?" Tenchi asked.

"It means that by turning Washuu in to the Galaxy Police, Metropolis
has no say in how she'll be punished," Superman explained.  "Of
course, I wouldn't even hand her over to you, except that I'm
convinced that there isn't a conventional prison facility on this
planet that could adequately contain her.  And in most of these
matters, the D.A. is generally just satisfied to get the offender off
the planet and let someone else deal with it.  Once I explain it to
him, and after all the damage has been undone, I'm sure he'll settle
for a house arrest, although I'll try not to mention that the house is
in JAPAN..."

"You can visit me whenever you want," Washuu teased.

"Anyway," Mihoshi continued, "Since this is a special sector, without
any official GP recognized courts, it falls to whatever Galaxy Police
presence assigned to the planet to administer sentence.  Hey, that's
me!"

"Wait, so Mihoshi here decides what happens to me?" Washuu gasped.

"I'm sure she'll be open to suggestions from the lord of the manor,"
Superman added, motioning to Tenchi.

"Really!?" Mihoshi cheered.  "Wow!  Thanks, Tenchi!  I could sure use
some help with this.  I don't think I've ever had to handle a
sentencing a local offender before!  So she turned some people blue,
right?  What would you say is a reasonable punishment?"

"Hmmmm... community service sounds good," Tenchi smirked.  "And the
toilet hasn't been looking as white and shiny as it could be..."

"You wouldn't!" Washuu pleaded.

"Twice a day, nothing but a old toothbrush," Tenchi said firmly. "And
someone to watch to make sure you don't use any gadgets or tricks.
Sounds like a good start, doesn't it, Mihoshi?"

"Oh, you ARE good at this, Tenchi!" Mihoshi said.  "OK, I hereby order
the sentence to be carried out immediately!  C'mon Washuu, I'll watch
you get to work..."  She took the diminutive scientist by the ear and
led her to the lift leading to the house.

"I'll GET you for this, Superman!" Washuu raved. "Mark my words,
I'll--OW! I'm coming, I'm coming, Geez!"

"Superman?" Tenchi said.  "I just wanted to apologize again for all
the trouble we've caused you."

"As long as I'm not making a mistake turning her over to you, Tenchi,"
Superman replied, "then I'm willing to forget the whole thing.  After
all, it was talking to you that gave me the idea to do this.  I was
serious about no prison on Earth being able to contain her.  Luckily
for us, she's a lot more vulnerable to sentiment than most of the
people I cross swords with.  I'm counting on all of you to make sure
she behaves from now on.  And I know some people in the press," he
added. "When I give them my story, I'll make sure not to mention this
house or the others living here."

"Thanks.  I think it'll work out OK," Tenchi said with a sigh of
relief.  "All I'm worried about is how I'm going to explain to Dad why
we're making Washuu do all the chores.  He'll freak out if I tell him
you were here and he missed it."

Superman smiled.  "Well, in that case, just to show there's no hard
feelings," he pulled his cape free of his tights and bundled it up
into his hands.  "Here.  I do this once in a while for some of my
fans, but I think it makes a nice momento for a meeting between
colleagues, right?"  He presented it to Tenchi and shook it slightly,
motioning for him to take it.

"Well, thanks!  But 'colleague'?" he asked.  "Who, me?"

"Well, along those lines," Superman shrugged.  "You know, I wasn't
much older than you when I found out that I wasn't quite of this
Earth, and when I learned the responsibilities that went along with
that knowledge."  He placed the cape in Tenchi's hands and floated
into the air, drifting for the exit to the lab.  "We have to stick
together, right?"

"Uh... OK."

"Let me know if Washuu gives you any problems!" Superman called as he
flew away.  "You can reach me care of the _Daily Planet's_ Tokyo
desk."  And with that, he was gone.

Tenchi stood there watching Superman's robot collect the last of his
equipment and carry it into the portal to his fortress.  As it closed
behind the robot, Tenchi held up the cape and looked it over.
"Colleagues?  He's kidding, right?  Gotta be."

***

It was a lot of trouble to go to, but she knew it would be worth it in
the end.  To see her smug face dry up with utter fear.  Once and for
all that woman would pay for her crimes.  And it would be Nagi who
would see to it.

"Yeah, this has gotta be the place.  Betcha could smell the clientele
from the ionosphere."

So what if her usual mode of transportation was rendered inoperable.
She had found another way.  Accompanying her was a fat alien man with
scaly yellow skin.  While seeking transportation to Earth, he had
offered his services, as well as information on the kind of beings
that lived there.   More to the point, when she admitted that the job
might become complicated, he even agreed to help her locate a
troubleshooter... someone to make the job a little easier on everyone
involved.  And so in his oddly designed spaceship, he took her to
this... establishment, some fifty thousand light years from her
destination.  "If you're so sure he's here, K'raamdyn, what are we
waiting for?" Nagi asked him coldly.

His reply was cut off as a man came flying out one of the windows of
the building in a hail of breaking glass.  "Yeah, that guy kinda
covers my objections," K'raamdyn said meekly.  "Y'know, there's no
reason for me to go in there.  I can take you wherever ya wanna go,
but I leave the action to everybody else, y'know?"

"That may be," Nagi glowered at him, "but I where I want to go NOW is
in there, and the man I wish to speak with is in there, and you're the
one who knows who he is.  You point him out to me, I take it from
there."

"Sheesh... well, in that case, I'd lay good odds he's sitting by the
window that guy just came through." K'raamdyn shuddered.  "Let's just
get this over with, OK?"

Nagi entered the bar without hesitation, striding across the room and
shoving aside anyone who stood in her way.  K'raamdyn followed behind,
although his demeanor was far less confident.  At last she stopped at
a booth in the corner, where a large, hairy man sat with his legs
propped up on the table.

He was picking his nose.

"Is this the... man?" Nagi asked, finding a new lower limit to the use
of that word.

"Hominahominahomina..." was all the cabbie could say.

"Oh, I'm The Man all right," he finally declared, withdrawing his
finger from his nostril.  "The question is what makes you such a gutsy
broad to come this close to a guy like me?  You better have one hot
bod under that poncho, babe.  Or a briefcase fulla cash.  Or a
waitress uniform, and my refill."  He held up a chipped mug and
swished around the small volume of liquid remaining inside.

"I have a job for you.  There's a bounty I'm trying to collect.  Word
has it that you know your way around the part of space I'm headed.
Help me, and I'll give you a cut of the profits."

"Baby, I know my way around a LOT of places, if ya catch my drift," he
grimaced.  The man lit a cigar and took a few puffs, then leaned over
to get a closer look at Nagi's exposed knees.  "Any chance we're
headed for the Final Frontier...?"

Nagi drew her sword and clubbed him over the head with the hilt.
"Arrrgh!" he cried out, biting his cigar off at the tip from the
sudden impact.  He sat up again and started choking on the piece of
the stogie, then swallowed it.  "Fetal's gizz!" he shouted.  "You got
any idea how much them cancer sticks COST?"

"For the prize I'm after, you can buy enough to last the rest of your
miserable little life," she offered.  "Providing that you can keep
your mind on your business.  And that you know how to handle the
locals on 'The Earth'."

His lips curled into an obscene grin.  "Earth, huh?  Lotta tough
bastiches on that backwater mudball, babe.  Great place to go when you
need to let off a little steam, you know?  Woulda gone there last week
just to bust some heads, but my ride's in the shop for repairs.  I
been stranded here for days, gettin' piss drunk on this swill."

"I've arranged transportation," Nagi said, nudging K'raamdyn forward
to demonstrate.  "He knows the way, but I needed some extra muscle to
keep the locals off my back.  Fifty-fifty split, and his fee comes out
of my half.  Interested?"

"Is the Great Bird of the Galaxy best served with eleven herbs and
spices?" he spat.  "Hadn't had that good an offer since the last time
I teamed up with one of my colleagues.  Course, he was more'n happy to
give me eighty percent once I broke a few of his ribs.  What's got you
so generous?"

"It's personal," Nagi replied.  "And it could redeem my professional
reputation.  So do we have an agreement, or what?"

He licked the dried liquor from his mustache and wiped the saliva off
with his arm, then handed it to her in response.  "You got yourself a
partner, babe.  Just take me to the planet, and leave the heavy duty
fraggin' to an old pro.  And if ya treat me nice, I may show you why
they call me 'The Main Man', huh?  So who's the lucky stiff?"

Nagi ignored his open hand and pulled out a data file from under her
cloak. "Here," she said, placing it in his palm.  "She's been out of
circulation for seven hundred years, so the graphical representation
may be out of date.  Her name is... Ryoko."

"Kinky..." he mused, reading over the report.

***

NEXT: CATFIIIIIIIIIIIIIGHT!  CATFIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGHT!
