The Inhuman Condition: 13
COUNTERPRODUCTIVE--SUPERMAN vs. LEGION!
by E-VILLE Mike Smith
send E-VILLE questions/comments/whatever to mike_p_smith@prodigy.net.

E-VILLE Disclaimer: This story features Superman and the cast of the
Tenchi Muyo! OAV series, which are trademarks of DC Comics and
AIC/Pioneer LDC, Inc.  You can figure out which bits were whose, I
suspect.  Anyway, this is an unauthorized work, and no profit is being
made on this work by me.  This story is copyright of me.  Download if
you like, but please don't archive it without my permission. Don't be
shy.

Morally Ambiguous Continuity Note: I keep saying this story takes
place between ACTION COMICS #773 and SUPERMAN #165, but no one seems
to believe me.  I blame the Cartoon Network, because it's the
fashionable thing to do.  In any case, this still takes place sometime
after Tenchi OAV #13 "Here Comes Jurai".  That seems to be easier to
swallow because I'm not trying to pin it down so much.  In any case...

--------------------------------------------------------------------
Original Tenchi Muyo! concept by Masaki Kajishima and Hiroki Hayashi
Superman created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster
--------------------------------------------------------------------

It was ten a.m. and she didn't know where her children were.

For Washuu, this was a difficult thing to face.  She was the greatest
scientific mind in the universe.  It was her business to either know,
or devise a method for finding out what she didn't.  And when the
answer wasn't something she didn't like, it was her business to
compensate for the future.

Example: Twenty thousand years ago, her firstborn son was taken from
her because her in-laws didn't think she'd be a good influence.  She'd
never heard from him since.  Not knowing what became of him was a
simple reality in her life, because there were people who had made it
their business to keep her from finding out.  Better to let him live
(maybe die, since it HAD been twenty thousand years and all) in peace
without being shuffled around trying to hide him from her.  However,
to compensate, her SECOND child was synthesized using a combination of
her own reproductive cells and the genetic material of a non-sentient
life form, and for added security, her brain was grown with telepathic
receptors that could allow them to remain in constant mental contact
over a limited range.

No in-laws, no uncertainty, no problem.  At least that was what she'd
assumed five thousand years ago when she put this all into practice.
The unforeseen complication was that she never anticipated that Ryoko
would grow up to be such a jerk.  And so a few days ago, following a
rather humiliating defeat at the hands of the alien busybody known as
Superman, Washuu disconnected the mental rapport because she'd gotten
tired of Ryoko teasing her about the loss.

So when Tenchi and Ayeka came to her regarding a complication in
Ryoko's recent disappearance, she had no idea what they were talking
about.  "What do you MEAN you had no idea Ryoko was gone?" the young
man demanded.  He was one of Ryoko's friends from way back, and while
he seems confused by the connection between Washuu and her daughter,
he seemed truly shocked that she let something like this go on under
her nose.

"I was busy," she replied darkly, gesturing back at the restroom she'd
been cleaning before they came to speak with her.  "I wanted to free
myself from distraction while I carried out your little punishment for
throwing down with the Big Blue Dope, remember?"

"Tenchi, please," Ayeka interjected.  The Juraian princess was his
great aunt, and like Washuu, older than her appearance suggested among
the people of Earth.  Looking at them, one would assume the two of
them were siblings instead of distant relatives separated by centuries
and light-years. "How it happened is unimportant, but the fact of the
matter is that a pair of bounty hunters kidnapped Miss Ryoko and
Superman took Miss Mihoshi off to get her back.  He asked us to remain
behind in case anything went wrong."

"And ironically, the complication is here on Earth, as opposed to up
in space, I see," Washuu concluded.  "Sasami went along with them, and
being smarter than a speeding bullet, the Man of Three Weeks Ago
didn't catch on until it was too late to turn around and bring her
back.  Stop me if I'm wrong on any of this."

Sasami, of course, was Ayeka's little sister who came with her when
she moved in with Tenchi on Earth.  Again, like herself, Ayeka, and
Ryoko, Sasami could count her age in triple digits, but the difference
was Sasami was physically a little girl.  Of course, Washuu looked
like a little girl, but she could alter her appearance at will, not to
mention that she had an incalculable intelligence and an entire
arsenal of technological gadgets and weapons.  Sasami's only
significant power was a cute smile and the ability to cook a three
minute egg.  Stuff like this often went down in Tenchi's household,
but Sasami always got left behind because she was too little to put in
harm's way.

"How did you know?" Tenchi asked her.

"Educated guess," Washuu smiled.  "Sasami _always_ wants to help out,
and if she's not with the two of you, then she'd have to be at the
only other position where she could be involved.  And of course
'Superman and Mihoshi' sounds like the name of a bad slapstick movie
to me, so I'm hardly surprised she managed to sneak on board without
them knowing about it.  Hundred yen says they're probably taking
orders from HER by now."

"Miss Washuu!" Ayeka shouted.  "I see no reason for you to be so
flippant at a time like this.  Mr. Superman and Mihoshi selflessly
agreed to save Ryoko from who knows what, and now we've found out that
my sister's gone along with them, and all YOU can do is--is... Oooh!
How DARE you take such a disrespectful tone regarding people who only
want to help you?"

Good question.  Excellent good question.  For starters, if they really
WERE able to help, Tenchi wouldn't be coming to her now looking for
further assistance.  And of course, up to now, it had been all so
simple for Tenchi to just leave everything up to the guy in the
costume.  Leave everything to him.  It seemed to be how things got
done on this planet of his, right?  Never mind that he had NO idea
what he was doing, and so far all he'd managed to do was drag Mihoshi
and Sasami into the same mess.  Clearly this was something only
Superman could handle.  Genius Scientists need not apply.  And of
course, there was the fact that she was beginning to dislike the guy
personally, so that made packing an attitude pretty darn--

"Easy, Ayeka," Tenchi said, taking hold of her shoulder to get her to
back off.  "The point is that Ayeka sent Sasami to my cousin's place
the night before, and this morning we called to see about picking her
up, and they tell me they never even knew to expect her.  We think she
snuck on board Ryo-Oh-Ki when we weren't paying attention.  Maybe
everything's fine, but I want to be sure."

"You want to go after them, you mean," Washuu smirked.  "I'm surprised
you haven't gotten involved already, Tenchi.  You'd brave hell itself
to keep my little girl safe.  Sasami, too.  I find it hard to believe
you'd settle for warming a bench for someone like Superman, hmmm?"

"I'm getting involved now," Tenchi said sternly.  "I let Superman do
things his way because he assured me he could take care of this.
Well, if Sasami's gone missing then I have to know what's going on.
That's where you come in."

Translation: Me and Superman thought it would be best to leave you out
of this one, but we got in over our heads and now we need you to bail
us out.  Well fine.  Better late than never.  After all, when Ryoko
goes missing, it's no big deal.  She should have been keeping a closer
eye on her after all.  Sasami?  Well by all means, let's commence
panicking. "You want me to find Ryoko," Washuu surmised.  "I'd need to
be in my lab to do that, y'know?"

"Done," Tenchi nodded.

"Honestly!" Ayeka scolded.  "You make it sound as if you're being
asked to track down a library book.  Aren't you the least bit
concerned, Miss Washuu?"

"I'll save the melodrama for the experts, Miss Ayeka," she retorted.
"Me, I figure it's my business to find out what happened to them,
right?  Consider it handled, Tenchi.  And I wouldn't worry too much.
I created Ryoko to survive tougher scrapes than this.  How bad off
could they be?"

***

"So are you ready to order," the young woman asked as she busily wiped
off the table, "or do you need a little more time?"

He looked up from his menu in annoyance and shook his head.

She tried to gesture to him that she needed him to move his elbows
from the table so she could clean that portion of the surface, but he
made a low grunting noise and she chose to relent.  "Ah, OK, well just
let me know when you're ready, all right?"

"My thinking precisely," Legion muttered.  He'd been telling people
that all day it seemed.  Wait for his signal.  His timing was of the
utmost importance.  He wasn't used to working with so many
subordinates and allies so closely.  Up to now, he kept them in line
by sheer intimidation or cold reasoning, like the way he just brushed
off his server just now.    Charisma wasn't even part of the equation.
  Luckily, it didn't have to be.

Legion was a solitary man.  At least he preferred to be.  Since
embarking on this quest of his, he'd been forced to strike a pact with
three alien beings.  They offered him invaluable information, and in
exchange he gave them an opportunity to exact revenge on the man they
called "the murderer".  The downside to that agreement was that he was
in constant contact with them, listening constantly to their
self-centered posturing.  And when he finally arrived at this part of
the plan, which involved him confronting the murderer in this humble
restaurant, they were insistent on being there as he did it.  Not that
he had much choice in the matter, but at least he managed to talk them
down to staying in the background until the critical moment.  He
wanted to do this by himself.   It was easier that way.

Not that his underlings understood that.  How long had he been sitting
there on that starship, waiting for this moment to arrive?  It was
fortunate that his social standing gave him enough sway with the
captain that he could insist he remain undisturbed for most of the
trip.  But a crew of people stuffed into a metal frame like preserved
fish?  They only respected his solitude because they feared his power,
and because they too wanted to see his enemies defeated.  So when he
told them he'd be coming to this planet alone, they grew concerned,
thinking him to be the linchpin of the plot.  They felt he'd be in
less jeopardy if an armed guard accompanied him.  And so he spent
several minutes convincing them that it just wasn't so.  Considerably
more effort than he wanted to exert, but at least he was here, and he
was ready to move on to the next phase.

The steakhouse was buzzing with people.  Buzzing was the right word.
It implied insignificance.  Lesser beings of no real consequence.  He
was used to ignoring the endless chatter of the crowds.  Let them
prattle on.  Let the waitress fret over wiping off his table in the
hopes of earning some menial gratuity.  The only thing that held his
interest at that moment were the occupants of the table behind him.

He sat at a nearby table with his back to them, but with each voice he
recalled a face that had burned into his memory.  His allies had
wanted careful reconnaissance in order to understand their enemies,
and he had gone to great lengths to get it.  He was a man of
significant influence, and he'd spent a considerable amount of it
researching his foes.  He'd had surveillance videos made of the Earth.
  He watched them wander its surface blissfully unaware of his
presence.  At times he felt he was more familiar with them than he was
with anyone else.

"I don't know if we should be doing this, you guys.  I mean, shouldn't
we be getting back to Earth?"

In his mind's eye he saw Sasami, the youngest daughter of the King of
the Jurai Empire.  She was a sickeningly adorable girl.  Bright blue
hair meticulously bound into a pair of long ponytails.  Eyes as pink
as a sunset.  Thanks to the Juraians' naturally long lifespans, she
was centuries old, yet remained a mere child in physiological terms.
It must have been a wonderful thing for Juraian fathers to spend so
many years watching their children never growing up.  He imagined the
look on her father's face if he were to find her corpse laying on his
doorstep, her neck bent at an impossible angle.  It brought a smile to
his face, but it didn't serve his purposes to carry out such a
fantasy.  So he returned his focus on the matter at hand.

"Yeah, I don't know if it's such a good idea to keep the others
waiting, y'know?  I mean, they must be worried sick about us already,
right?"

Tall girl, dark complexion, blue eyes, blonde hair.  Kuramitsu,
Detective First Class Mihoshi. The first four digits of her Galaxy
Police badge number came to mind, but he was drawing a blank on the
rest.  Decent odds that she didn't know the rest of the sequence
herself.  And if it came down to it, she'd probably spend five minutes
searching for her badge to read it off.  Despite this, she was NOT to
be underestimated.  She was assigned to the noninterference preserve
the GP had designated around the Earth, and although she had been part
of countless flubs and mixups and shooting board hearings, she had
proven herself a capable officer, and a surprisingly observant
investigator.  He had no particular grudge with her, but she was too
close to the situation.  Too involved.  In any scenario, Mihoshi would
have become curious, and would have inevitably interfered in his
plans.  She was too dangerous to ignore.  Better to deal with her
right away and be done with it.

"Oh, come off it, Mihoshi!  You were the one who kept whining about
how hungry you were.  No way was I gonna sit through the whole ride
home listening to your stomach growl.  Besides, this won't take long.
  We sit back, relax, have a nice meal, and we're gone.  Nothing to
it, right, Ryo-Oh-Ki?"

"Merow!"

He pictured an arrogant smile on her face, and almost immediately he
thought of how satisfying it would be to watch it melt into ashen
dread.  Words didn't quite capture the sensation that hung in his
stomach when he saw her.  Powder blue hair like the color of fresh
sodium hydride and thin yellow eyes that shone like the on/off
indicator on his stereo.  Usually clad in the outlandish garb once
worn by space pirates millennia ago.  Ryoko was the one who had
brought them all together.  She attacked Sasami's world, only to be
cast down to the Earth, where Mihoshi came looking for the mastermind
who pulled Ryoko's strings behind the scenes.  Once upon a time, he
had respected Ryoko's power with a reverent awe.

That was before he learned she was a biological equivalent to a
retrofitted star freighter cobbled together from whatever happened to
be available.  Not quite a person, not quite a thing, but embodying
all of the most asinine qualities of each.  Nothing had changed about
her power, but to find that she was a pathetic mongrel--no different
from so many others he'd come to know in his lifetime--then he soon
lost the respect he had once found for her.  The same went for her
constant companion, Ryo-Oh-Ki.  The living spaceship could scour an
entire world without hesitation, but having seen it adopt the form of
a small rodent-looking creature took a great deal away from its mystique.

"Normally, I'd agree with you, Sasami, but I think Ryoko has a point.
  We've been through a pretty tense situation.  I think we've earned a
little reward.  Our friends on Earth can get along without us for a
little while longer."

And the last one.  He wasn't exactly part of their little group, but
Legion had changed all of that.  Thanks to his manipulations, that one
had become quite close to them, almost like a part of their little
makeshift family.  It was his nature, after all, to seek out others
and worm his way into their hearts.  It was all he'd ever done his
whole life.  And Legion and his allies had made sure to use that
characteristic to their advantage.  His short dark hair, rugged good
looks, and brightly colored costume made him the perfect tool for
others to use in the past.  Now Legion would put the Last Son of
Krypton to good use.

"Well, come on, Superman!" Mihoshi challenged.  "Don't you have
responsibilities to get back to on Earth?"

"To be perfectly honest, Detective," Superman admitted, "I'm not in
that much of a hurry to get back home.  Things have gotten a little
rough back on Earth lately.  At least for me."

"Something on your mind, Cowboy?" Ryoko offered, jerking her head
forward after chugging on her sake.  "This place has got a bar.  No
better place to spill your guts."

"Heh.  Well, it's nothing serious," Superman shrugged.  "At least
that's what I keep telling myself.  The part of Earth where I
live--the United States is what we call it--they recently held an
election to assign new government officials.  The man who won the
highest office in the land is one of my bitterest foes.  I'm still
trying to get used to the idea of calling him 'Mr. President', and at
the same time I have to ask myself how a cross-section of the human
race would be so willing to put him into that office.  It got me
questioning my place among them.  I've always considered it my role as
Superman to defend and uphold the principles of humankind, even if I
wasn't technically a part of it."

Legion shook his head and snorted quietly.  That was his big problem:
He was too stupid and charitable to use his powers to his own
advantage.  He was the strongest being at the table--half the galaxy
for that matter, but the table was the only thing on his mind at the
moment--and yet he was the weakest for being such an idealistic fool.
  Upholding the principles of another species... absurd.  As little
respect as he had for Ryoko, at least he had to acknowledge that even
she was realistic enough not to assign some grand sense of purpose to
her misbegotten existence.  His allies had warned him of Superman's
pointless dedication to the weak, but they were preaching to the
choir.  Superman's legacy of fighting for the chaff of the universe
was well-known where he came from.  It was what drew Legion to him in
the first place.

"Sounds to me like you're living in the wrong part of Earth," Ryoko
quipped.  "Or you shouldn't make yourself such a public figure.  Me, I
figure on laying low as long as I can.  Other than Nagi, who's left to
give me trouble anymore, right?"

Realistic, but again, stupid and naive.  Ryoko was a figure of
revulsion among countless cultures and species.  She may have
extricated herself from Kagato's influence, and she might have found
an especially remote mudball to hide under, but that reputation would
always be there.  Nagi had found her, and the Tribunal was less than
forgiving. And here he was--Legion--seven hundred years later, yet
another remnant of the aftermath of her reign of terror.

He grew weary of this small talk.  He'd heard enough to confirm his
expectations: They were at ease, off guard, and unsuspecting of his
part in recent events.  Now it would be safe to reveal himself without
endangering his plans.  Legion turned around and faced the group at
the adjacent table.

"Excuse me," he said softly.  "But you... you're the one called
'Superman', are you not?"

They stopped their banter and looked up at him, somewhat rattled that
an outsider had intruded on their conversation.  Still, the Kryptonian
was too courteous not to respond.  "Why yes, I am," he said.  "Is
there something I can do for you?"

"Ah, but it should be what I can do for you," Legion said with a warm
smile.

"Do I know you?" Superman asked.  "My super senses can't seem to quite
make you out.  Some kind of energy affecting my perception..."

Legion's smile broadened.  His most cherished principle was to observe
his enemy without letting the enemy see him.  Even confronting the
Kryptonian directly, he had taken precautions to insure this.  "Ah,
yes," he said.  "I had heard about your power to see microscopic
objects and to perceive light beyond the usual visible spectrum.  I'm
afraid that won't work on me, sir.  I have a magic enchantment
surrounding me that conceals me from such close observation.  No
offense, it's just that in my line of work, it's good policy to keep
one's chromosome structure and internal organs away from prying eyes."

He had to stifle a laugh as they all looked at him in confusion.  Let
them gawk, he thought to himself.  It wouldn't do them any good now.
"Ah, but where are my manners?" he chuckled.  "My name is Legion.  I
was traveling through this region of space, and I'd heard that you had
come here to see the Tribunal Planet.  Which must make this woman the
space pirate Ryoko."

"What do you know about it?" she asked, staring right through him.

"Ah, my dear girl, there is very little I don't know about you, in
fact.  For instance, the Old Galactic Academy is no more, but they
still have an extensive library of scholastic journals.  Among them
being this article that I had copied for my work."  He held up a
computer pad and slid it across the table to Ryoko.  She picked it up
and started reading it aloud.

"Hakubi, W., Price, R.F, Zagan, O.E.R., et al.  'Isolation of
thirty-seventh genetic sequence in Species #81.78.04-B.'"  She paused
as she skimmed down the remainder of the article and a scowl crossed
her face.  "Masses.  This is about research on hybridizing the DNA of
Masses."

"An excerpt from the _New Journal of Advanced Exogenetics_, volume
312, number 12. The date is from an archaic calendar, but suffice to
say it's a good sixteen thousand years old.  Dry stuff, and science is
hardly my forte, but I have associates who were more than capable of
digging up a thousand other publications like that one and piecing
together the information I desired."  Legion tilted his head in
response to Ryoko's glare. "What's the matter?  You should be pleased.
  Good scientists take extensive notes on everything they do.  The
cream of the crop are the ones who get their research published and
recorded so people like me can reflect back on their great works and
marvel.  And your mother was considered the best."

"And what's your interest in it, Legion?" Superman asked.  He too was
starting to grow irritated.  Good.  Let them sweat it out for a moment
longer.

"The Jay-Oh-Ex published a lot of articles written by the esteemed
Professor Washuu, Superman.  Including one about a remarkable
technique developed to study individual DNA molecules from orbit.  A
place called Krypton, where the environment was too inhospitable for
any conventional research group to survive.  And so I came to the
conclusion that if Washuu had been interested just to get a glimpse of
Kryptonians, then she'd hardly pass up a chance to interact with one
up close.  So I arranged to have her daily television routine
interrupted by a freak solar occurrence, and that was more than enough
to put her in contact with you."

"You went to all that trouble just to make sure Superman and Professor
Washuu met?!" Mihoshi asked.  "What for?"

"A diversion, Ms. Mihoshi," Legion replied.  "You see, I knew that
once Superman had made contact with you and your commune on Earth, his
altruistic nature would eventually take over, and he'd take an
interest when the Tribunal ordered Ryoko's arrest.  In case you were
wondering, Ryoko, I was the one who tipped Nagi off about your
location.  Indirectly, of course.  I had no interest in receiving any
credit for bringing such a dangerous criminal like yourself to justice."

His easy discourse was cut off when Ryoko leaped out of her seat and
formed a blade of energy in her hand, pointing it at Legion's neck.
"Yeah?  Well it's just too bad that it didn't work out like you
planned, huh?"

Like clockwork, the rest of the patrons began to turn their attention
at the tense scene unfolding around him.  As chairs shuffled and forks
clinked onto plates he looked at the glowing point of Ryoko's sword
and smirked.  She was brash and impulsive.  He knew the type well.
They liked to believe the rest of the universe was just as simplistic
as they were, and faced with someone who wasn't... well, the first
reaction was to make frustrated threats.  Not that their opinions
mattered, but he hoped the rest of the customers were enjoying the
show.

"Ryoko, put that thing away," Superman demanded.  "Whoever this clown
is, he won't give us any answers if you decapitate him."  Yes, of
course.  The Dashing Hero would insist on restoring order, calming the
crowds down before things got any worse.  True to his role, just like
the stripling princess and the world-weary cop sitting quietly and
waiting for the man of action to decide the next move.

"So you're the one who falsified the Tribunal's record of Ryoko's
genetic profile!" Mihoshi announced.  "Not only did you have access to
the information you'd need to do it, but it's starting to sound like
you had the connections and influence to get close enough to their
computer banks, too!"

"A detective to the last, eh?" Legion scoffed.  "Indeed, I arranged to
have Ryoko's case be dismissed at the last minute, thus leaving the
four of you out here in space, separated from your friends.  Although,
admittedly, I hadn't counted on Princess Sasami joining your little
band, but I can adjust."

"And you can adjust to being ten pounds lighter, too," Ryoko sneered,
inching the edge of her sword closer to his throat.

"What's your big idea, Legion?" Superman demanded, rising from his
seat and planting his fists down on the table as he leaned over to
look him in the eye. "I want the truth.  All of it, or I'll--"

"Kill me, Man of Steel?" Legion smiled.  "Just like the ones you
killed once before?  I think you'll find that death is hardly a valid
threat for _us_..."

"How would you know--?"  Superman's face darkened as the truth finally
dawned on him.  "No... it can't be!"

"What is he talking about?" Ryoko asked.  "Is HE one of those people
you had to kill before?"

"Close, Changeling," he said, his voice shifting to a deeper tone.
Surrendering control of his body was unsettling, but in this instance
it was more than worth it.  "But not quite.  Although Legion has been
most sympathetic to our cause since we met."

Through what felt like someone else's eyes, he caught a glimpse of
Sasami, trembling in fear.  Something about her reaction... not that
it wasn't enjoyable, but it had come too soon.  Almost as if she
recognized him somehow... But that was impossible.  He was almost as
much of a shade as the spirits that dwelled within him.

"This is between you and me, Zod," Superman snarled.  "I don't know
how you managed to return from the dead, but leave them out of it."

Legion rolled his eyes and felt one of his allies assert control over
his face.  "Such selfless idiocy.  It suits you, Murderer.  We swore
that one day we would find a way to cross over into YOUR universe and
wreak havoc just as we had done in our own.  And our humble host
Legion has shown us the way!  A new lease on life, Superman!  What
makes you think we would devote it to the destruction of a single man?"

And another.  "Our plans are far more ambitious that a simple revenge
scheme, Superman.  You may have killed us, but our lust for power
lives on."

And another. "But don't worry, fool!  You should be pleased to know
that your demise is an integral component of our machinations.  Legion
has seen to that!"

"Big talk," Ryoko spat.  Again, she tried to put on a brave face when
she was clearly in over her head.  "So far all I've seen is a one-man
ventriloquist act and a few journal entries.  I've thrown up scarier
stuff than you, chump!"  Bravado.  He'd expected such posturing at
this moment.  Ryoko didn't scare easily.  This
confrontation--revealing his allies to the Kryptonian this way--it was
to rattle him, specifically.  And the look of anger and self-doubt
that had bubbled to the surface of his expression showed just how well
it had worked.  As long as he was distracted, the others could give
all the rallying cries they liked.

"Hmmph.  Not that I feel a pressing need to prove myself to a
patchwork abomination, but I'll see what I can do," Legion scoffed.
It was time.  He waved his hand, and at once bright lights began to
shine through every window in the building.  They flickered and pulsed
in a complex pattern, and one by one, they each collapsed where they
were, some blinking a few time before succumbing, others gritting
their teeth in a desperate attempt to fight the effect.  It was over
in a matter of seconds, however, and Legion found himself sitting at a
table  surrounded by unconscious enemies.

A quiet permeated the building now.  Even other customers who had been
sitting around at other tables had fallen victim to Legion's weapon.
He stood up and wandered the room, noting that from the position of
some of the bodies they had clearly been watching him confront his
foes  and were trying to understand what was going on.  Let them
wonder.  He had what he came for.

A pair of men entered the restaurant through the front door and kicked
aside a sleeping waiter to get to him.  "The strobe worked, my lord?"
one asked him.

"Obviously," he snorted.  "I had been concerned about the Ryoko woman,
but it would seem that she's humanoid enough to fit into the range
we'd set.   The data on Mass physiology must have been enough to
compensate for any neural discrepancies."  Legion bent over and found
Ryo-Oh-Ki's small form lying near Sasami head where she'd slumped over
the table.  He picked the creature up by one leg and shook it
slightly.  "Ridiculous thing.  I'm almost sorry it was affected along
with the others.  Might have been nice to take an hour from the
schedule and have it destroyed.  No matter."  He threw her back onto
the table and turned his attention to his underlings.  "Have them
brought to the ship.  Leave the rabble here to wonder what happened
when they finally awaken.  Dismissed."

As the man quickly mobilized to carry out his orders, he bent down and
put his thumb over Superman's eyelid, moving it open to see the
unresponsive pupil underneath.  "The fruits of our joint venture, my
allies," he mumbled.  "I give you the mighty Superman, unconscious and
at our mercy.  I hope it has been worth it so far."

Within his mind the spirits of the others laughed with delight.
"Indeed it has been, Legion!" Zod cackled.  "With the last Kryptonian
of this universe in our power, nothing will be able to stand in our
way."

"It would seem we sold you short, Legion," Zaora cooed.  "Your
instincts were sure on this matter.  Confronting him alone left him
completely unprepared for our arrival.  I see we chose well in you."

"Bah!  Enough of this," Quex-Ul bellowed.  "Let us get on with what's
truly important!  Our vengeance, Legion!  The murderer is ours at
last!  Do not deny us any longer!"

"Patience, Quex-Ul," Legion said aloud as the crewmen arrived with
stretchers for the sleeping prisoners.  "We may have what we came here
for, but there is still much to be done..."

***

NEXT: Back to Humans...
