The Inhuman Condition: 12
EXTRANEOUS--AYEKA in ACTION COMICS!
by Mike Smith
send questions/comments/whatever to mike_p_smith@hotmail.com

Azaka's Disclaimer: This story features Superman and the cast of the
Tenchi Muyo! OAV series, which are trademarks of DC Comics and
AIC/Pioneer LDC, Inc.  You can figure out which bits were whose, I
suspect.  Anyway, this is an unauthorized work, and no profit is being
made on this work by me.  This story is copyright of me.  Download if
you like, but please don't archive it without my permission. Don't be
shy.

Kamidake's Continuity Note: Since I've established the temporal
setting for the whole story about nine times already, lemme just focus
on this chapter right now.  See, if you're just joining us, most of
our players are way the hell out in space, where the space pirate
Ryoko is on trial for her criminal past.  Everyone left at the end of
Part Seven, except for Tenchi, who took a bad bump on the noggin, and
Ayeka, who chose to remain behind to care for him.  This installment
covers what our Earthbound heroes have been up to since Superman & Co.
left, and so it runs concurrently with Parts 8-11.  It's like a
flashback, sort of.

Double Secret Note: This is basically a token of my appreciation for
all the Ayeka fans out there, who have waited patiently for their
fav'rit to put in a major appearance in the story.  I make no
apologies for holding off for eleven parts, but I felt that the best
way to present the Tenchi cast was one at a time, and the angle I came
up with for Ayeka just wound up near the end of the line.  I wouldn't
normally go into this sort of thing, but I find that Ayeka kind of
gets the short end of the fanfic stick (like a certain Action Ace I
know), and I figured you deserved an explanation.

As for those... people, who find some twisted fascination with
whatsername, rest assured that she'll be back to blowing up something
in good time.  I know her...

--------------------------------------------------------------------
Original Tenchi Muyo! concept by Masaki Kajishima and Hiroki Hayashi
Superman created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster
--------------------------------------------------------------------

"Mr. Superman?"

He turned from the phone and raised his index finger to her in
acknowledgment, and then quickly resumed talking on the phone.  "Yes,
that's right Ms. Lane.  Just let everyone know that I'll be away from
Metropolis for a little while, but I'll be back as soon as I can.
Mmm-hmm, well say hi to Clark for me when he gets back from Europe.
All right... good-bye!"

He then hung up the phone and turned back to her.  "Sorry, but I had
to make a few arrangements.  Now what can I do for you, Your Highness?
  'Ayeka' wasn't it?"

"Yes," she said politely.

"If you like, call me Kal.  Superman is formal enough without the
'mister'."

"Er, very well, Kal," Ayeka agreed.  "I wanted to speak with you alone
for a moment.  This isn't something I wanted the others to hear, and
well--"

The man in the blue and red costume leaned up against the wall and put
his hand to his chin.  "What is it?" he asked.

"It's just that... I haven't always seen eye to eye with Miss Ryoko.
I admit that. But I'd rather not see any harm come to her either, not
after seeing her carted away like a rag doll today."

"I understand," Superman replied.

"Still, I just wanted to understand your interest in this matter.  You
only met all of us a short time ago.  Now you've all but promised that
you can not only find Ryoko, but bring her back from this Galactic
Tribunal that's taken her off somewhere.  I think you should know that
she has a very shady history," Ayeka said softly.  "It's entirely
possible that whatever their motivation, the Tribunal may be right to
have her arrested."

"You might be right," Superman admitted.  "But knowing the Tribunal,
they may not be as right as they think they are.  At any rate, I have
to be sure one way or another, and the only way to do that is to go
and see for myself."

"But you're so certain that she's innocent," Ayeka objected.  "And
that you can save her.  I--The others... they care for Ryoko and have
grown quite fond of her in the time we've been living together on
Earth.  What if you're wrong?  What if she's not as innocent as we
think, and you can't bring her back?"

He looked at her intently for a moment and put his hand on her
shoulder.  "I can't be perfectly certain, of course," he said.  "And I
don't know her all that well personally, but I know the Tribunal
wouldn't have made the arrest unless they were convinced she was
guilty.  Seems to me that someone has to raise the possibility that
she's not.  If that has to be me, I'll do it.  Maybe it's naive of me,
but I have a hard time believing a truly evil person could have such
loyal friends like y--like 'the others'.  I'll try my best not to let
them down.  I promise."

"In that case," Ayeka said slowly.  "I want to thank you for your
help.  Good luck to you... Kal."

"Thanks," he said as he walked out the door to start his journey.
"And don't worry about a thing.  It'll be all right."

***

That had been several hours ago.  While Ayeka had taken comfort in
Superman's assurances, that sentiment wasn't entirely unanimous.  She
hoped the tea would smooth some of that over before the night was done.

She entered the living room from the kitchen with tray in her hands,
vapors from the teacups trailing in her wake.  He sat on the couch
with his arms crossed and his head hunched over like a gargoyle.  "I
should have gone with them," he pouted, jerking his head to give
frustrated glare out a nearby window at the night sky.

"Now, I'll hear none of that, thank you very much!" Ayeka scolded him
gently.  She set the tray down and took a seat next to him.  You were
badly shaken up today, and hardly in any condition to go rushing off
on a wild monster chase.  Superman himself agreed with that."

"So that's it?" Tenchi glowered.  "Ryoko's facing who knows what and
she'll have to take a raincheck on anything I might have done to help
her?"

"Tenchi please!  Superman and Mihoshi are taking care of the matter.
I know you feel responsible for all of us, but past a certain point
you have to consider your own well-being--"

"Yeah, but what if Superman hadn't been around to help us?" Tenchi
demanded.  "I mean, we would have had to do SOMETHING, right?  I just
don't see how I'm supposed to sit here like an old man and pretend
like nothing's wrong!"

She picked up the cup on the left and sipped from it.  "We ARE doing
something, Tenchi," she argued.  "I'm trying to make you feel better,
and you're fretting over something that's out of our hands.  Ryoko
will be fine.  If she's dissatisfied with her selection of rescuers,
then she should have considered that before knocking you off that
ledge in the first place."

"Y'know, the least you could do is acknowledge some small piece of
responsibility," Tenchi shot back.  "After all, I wouldn't have
climbed up on that thing like a trapeze artist to begin with if you
two weren't screaming bloody murder at each other."

She sighed and looked up at the ceiling. He had a point.  She had been
fighting with Ryoko when Tenchi tried to interfere only to catch a
stray blast from the battle.  Of course, she had a good reason, or so
it had seemed at the time, but in the final analysis, she'd lowered
herself to Ryoko's level, and Tenchi had gotten hurt for it.  "If it
makes you feel better... very well, then.  I apologize for my behavior."

"Thanks," he muttered, taking the left cup from the tray and cradling
it in his hands.  After some hesitation, he sipped it and he seemed to
relax just a little.  "With all the nuttiness we deal with these days,
I don't think it's too much to ask that you two try to get along a
little better.  It's gotten to where I think every time I hear
something break or blow up some new enemy is attacking us."

"You're absolutely right, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka conceded.  "I'll try not
to let it happen again."

"Good. Then maybe we'll have a little peace and quiet around here from
now on."

"My thinking precisely."

"Get things back to normal around here."

"Of course."

"Is that a new nightgown?"

Ayeka blushed and looked down at the bedclothes she was wearing.
"Well... ah, yes.  As a matter of fact it is.  My mother dropped some
new clothing off for Sasami and me when she came to visit recently.
Do you like it?"

"Yeah, it's nice," Tenchi said.  "You know, maybe this isn't so bad,
after all.  It's been a long time since the house has been so empty.
It's nice to take a little time to slow down and appreciate the moment."

"Yes, I was wondering... where is your father?" Ayeka asked.

"Bowling," Tenchi groaned.  "Some new thing he got into at work
apparently.  I saw his team jersey once when he came home in it.  It's
a pink shirt with the words 'Architects of Destruction' on the back.
I'm sure we'll hear all about it tomorrow."

"And Washuu?"

"I was gonna give her the night off," Tenchi said, "but she's really
taken to her duties in the restroom.  I think she's still up there
working at it as we speak."

"And I told Sasami she could go visit your aunt and play with their
baby," she added.

"So it's just the two of us, then," Ayeka mused.

"Looks that way," Tenchi agreed.

"A-heh-heh.   It certainly does..."

There was a long pause, as both of them took turns sipping tea. Ayeka
started to fidget in her seat, desperately searching for something to
say.  Mercifully, Tenchi broke the silence after several minutes.

"Well, at any rate, I'm sure Superman can take care of this.  I just
wish he didn't ask me to stay behind as backup."

"Now, he said that the calvary was very important to insure his
success," Ayeka noted.  "Although I fail to see the purpose of tying
up the phone line for ten minutes on an international call..."

"Cavalry."

"Hmm?"

"It's 'cavalry'.  You said 'calvary'," Tenchi said, sipping his tea
and leaning back on the couch.

"Oh, well so I did," Ayeka admitted. "Not that I know what it is, at
any rate..."

"Haven't you ever seen those westerns Ryoko watches on TV?" Tenchi
asked.

"Not by choice..." Ayeka muttered.  "Those programs she watches are
always so dreadfully violent and archaic.  I much prefer the soap
operas that air in the mornings."

"Huh... I almost never even watch TV," Tenchi considered.  "But ever
since all of you started living here, the set's practically paid for
itself.  Maybe we could find something on..." He dug up the remote
control from behind the couch cushion he was sitting on. "There ya
are!   OK then..."

The set in front of them flickered to life and began to flash between
images every few seconds as Tenchi flipped channels.  Ayeka did her
best to keep up with the rapid selection of shows.

"Ooh, that might be interes--um, well, there's something--oh.  Hey,
that's a good movie and--no, never mind.  Ah, this fellow pesters
various animals in the name of teaching us about Earth life--I see.
TENCHI!"

"Yeah?" he said, still flipping channels.

"Were you looking for something specific to watch?" she asked in
exasperation.

"No, I just wanted to see what was on."

"But you've cycled through the entire selection twice already!" Ayeka
objected.  "I can't... It's just that... Oh, I'm sorry.  This isn't
working at ALL!"

He hit the power button on the remote and set it down.  "What's not
working, Ayeka?" he asked.

"I just--I just thought that since we'd be by ourselves this evening,
that we could spend some time together.  Get to know each other
better.  Become... closer, Tenchi.  But this serenity is so...
awkward!  It's all I can do just to think of some way to pass the time!"

"Oh, well that's nothing to worry about," Tenchi said confidently.  He
put his hand on Ayeka's and squeezed it.  "After all, before all of
you started living here, I used to spend lots of lonely nights by
myself.  I've had plenty of time to come up with things to do in a
situation just like this!"

She sniffled and smiled at him. "Y-you have?"

"Sure!" He took her by the hand and led her off the couch.  "Here, you
get down on the floor.  I have to go get something from my bedroom
closet.  Trust me, this'll be great, I promise."

"When you say it, Tenchi," Ayeka cooed, "I just know it will!" And she
sat down on the floor and waited patiently while he ran up the stairs.

***

How long had it been since she last checked in with her lab?  A day?
Two days?

A fraction of a moment for someone who'd lived well over twenty
thousand years, but it seemed like an eternity to Washuu.  Since
Tenchi helped her escape from fifty centuries of suspended animation,
this would have been the longest she'd ever spent away from her
research.  And yet, she accepted this gladly.  Tenchi had shown her
great kindness since freeing her from Kagato, and since she began
living under his roof, she felt it was only proper that she fall in
with his rules.  Cause trouble in a major Earth city, pester the local
long-underwear character, and it meant hard labor, cleaning the Masaki
toilet.  Her visit to Metropolis was cut short, but the insight she'd
gained from that brief time was more than worth it.  Tenchi was tough
but fair, and who could blame him?  Five aliens living in his home, it
took real guts to maintain some semblance of order.

She'd read somewhere that the average Earthman spent a year of his
lifetime in the bathroom.  Or two years.  Something like that.  Given
that humans only had about a hundred or less to work with that was
rather significant.  That was a bathroom, though.  Toilet, sink,
shower, maybe a linen closet.  When she'd visited Metropolis before,
she'd seen how that setup was done.  In Tenchi's house, it didn't work
that way.  There was the toilet in one room, and if you wanted a
shower, you had to go down the hall.  The Metropolis design seemed far
more practical to her.

People didn't get that about her, she'd noticed.   Back in the day,
some blonde-headed twit decided she wasn't fit to raise a kid.
Drivel.  Washuu had mastered biochemistry to the point where she could
alter her physiology at will.  For millennia, she'd maintained the
appearance of a prepubescent girl.  Pediatrics was a cakewalk, but she
wasn't considered fit to raise a kid.

So she built her own.  Ryoko was problematic to say the least, but at
the very least she served as proof of the blonde-headed twit's
unmitigated twitdom.  Of course, Ryoko didn't buy her as the motherly
type either.  She seemed to resent the shared genetics, the telepathic
rapport, Washuu's running commentary on her physical stature and
mental state.  Nothing major.  Washuu just broke the rapport for a
while.  Let Ryoko run off and experience life without someone watching
over her all the time.  The privacy would do her good, and she'd
eventually grow to miss the psychic bond and appreciate it when she
re-established it.  Problem solved.

Same deal here.  Superman, Tenchi... they both figured that if she
caused trouble, the best way to discipline her was to keep her away
from her cherished laboratory and busy her with chores.

"Silly boys," she mused as she lifted the porcelain cover off the back
of the toilet, revealing an array of microprocessors and LCD displays
inside.

"Nominal status," a mechanical voice announced from within the small
technological jungle.  "Lavatory efficiency at three hundred percent
of original schematics."

Given twenty thousands years to learn, maybe they'd understand that
being busy with chores was what led people like her to BUILD labs in
the first place.  All part off making things more practical...

***

"I can't believe this has happened!"

Tenchi shrugged his shoulders.  "Don't take it so hard, Ayeka.  It
happens to lots of people.  That's just how it is sometimes."

"Now I have to start all over again from the beginning!  This is so
frustrating, Tenchi!"

He pointed at the logo on the center of the board.  "What else can I
say?  They call it 'Sorry!' for a reason.  You'll just have to roll
again, and see if you can catch up to me."

Ayeka clenched her jaw and exhaled slowly through her nostrils.  "Very
well, then," she said resolutely, taking the dice into her hands and
shaking them with renewed vigor.  After a few seconds of rattling, she
released them onto the board, letting them settle onto a single face.
  "Eight!" she exclaimed.  "It won't be long now..."

"That's the spirit," Tenchi cheered.  "You know, if you get tired of
this one, I can always pull out Connect Four--"

"I think I can handle this ordeal for a while longer," Ayeka smirked.

Truth be told, this wasn't how she'd pictured their evening.  Of
course, most of what she'd imagined seemed to wind up taking place on
her homeworld of Jurai, and Tenchi would have been less frustrated
with being alone while Ryoko was off doing who knew what.  Still,
she'd finally gotten him to relax a little, and he'd returned the
favor by breaking the ice.  He was using an exceedingly odd custom to
do it, but that was Earth for you.

Still, his human heritage did have its advantages.  After all, Ayeka
had spent her whole life betrothed to his grandfather, and after he
was lost, she spent all her time searching for him with no one but
Sasami and her robot servants to keep her company.  The simple fact
was that she had little--quite frankly, zero--experience in 'playing
the field' as one of the others might have put it.  And when she
finally found Yosho, he had not only rejected her affections, but he
had long ago chosen to remain on the Earth for the rest of his days,
living among his mother's people.  Stranded on the Earth, her long
quest finally over but ultimately fruitless, she latched onto Tenchi
for one reason and one reason only: There was no one else left for
her.  A noble of Jurai might not have understood that brutally simple
logic (Yosho certainly hadn't), but Tenchi, being a humble man of
Earth, seemed sympathetic to her plight, if nothing else.

That was the downside to his humanity, Ayeka realized.  It made him
flexible enough to cross the cultural barrier and understand her
situation, but that flexibility made him equally considerate of just
about anyone else he knew as well.  That Tenchi was descended from the
royal family of Jurai was just icing on the cake to her--she'd been
attracted to him from the beginning, even before that revelation was
made.  Still, it was an important bond between them, she felt, and
something they shared that the others didn't.  The trouble was that
being part human, and growing up among other humans, Tenchi didn't
seem terribly aware of this.  He appeared just as close to her as he
was to Mihoshi, or Washuu, or Sasami, or Ryoko... Being around them
just made Ayeka another face in the crowd.

Well, it wasn't the best of circumstances, but she certainly had his
undivided attention now... "Tenchi, may I ask you a personal
question?" she asked.

"Hmm?  Well, sure, go ahead," he assented, busily counting out the
number of spaces he would move his game piece.

"Well, I was just wondering," Ayeka began, clearing her throat. "How
do you feel about being part Jurai?  Is it difficult to accept, having
grown up among humans?"

He shook his head.  "I wouldn't say that," he answered. "I mean, I was
surprised when grandpa told me, but that was just because it was
unexpected.  After the initial shock, it started to seem less and less
like a big deal to me.  All the fighting and super-powers took some
getting used to, but otherwise nothing's really changed, right?"

She raised an eyebrow at this and held her mouth slightly open as if
searching for the next words.  "But, ah... Tenchi, you do realize that
there's more to Jurai than just gallivanting about in space.  I'm sure
that given time, Earthlings would be doing that as well."

"Yeah, that's how I looked at it," Tenchi said.  "After that it seemed
pretty normal.  Well, less ABnormal, I guess."

She sighed.  "Yes, but that's not my point.  Jurai isn't just a
technologically advanced society, Tenchi.  Our people have a very
complex and beautiful culture, and a variety of different forms of
literature, art, poetry, romantic customs..."

"Mmm-hmm," Tenchi said.  "I figured it was something like that."

"There, now you see what I'm saying!" Ayeka cheered.

"It's kind of like Earth that way," Tenchi added, busily rolling the
dice for his next turn.

She slumped her posture and brought a hand to her forehead, slowly
dragging it down her face in disappointment.  "Or not..." she groaned.
  "Tenchi, my point is that Jurai's culture is DIFFERENT from Earth's.
  And you've experienced Earth society your whole life, naturally
assuming it was all there was.  Only recently have you been faced with
the knowledge that you're a son of two worlds, and there's another
society you're a part of that you've just now discovered."

"And you want to know if that bothers me?" Tenchi asked.

"Yes!" Ayeka said in exasperation.  "Er, I mean to say... yes, I was
wondering if it concerned you in any way."

He stopped tapping his game piece across the board, and lifted his
hand up to his face, the red token still in his grip and now pressed
up against his lower lip.  After a moment he nodded and set the piece
back on the board.  "I guess it doesn't," Tenchi finally answered.

A verbal response died on Ayeka's lips.  She looked at him as he held
out the dice to her, and finally she took them from his hand and
resumed playing the game.

"Well, as long as we're at it, you mind answering something for me?"
Tenchi finally asked.

Her eyes lit up at this.  "Certainly, Tenchi," she smiled.  "Anything."

"Superman didn't want me or Little Washuu to come with him because we
might be charged as accessories by this Tribunal thing.  But you could
have gone along, right?  Why didn't you?"

She sighed in disappointment.  It was Tenchi's selflessness that had
made him so appealing to her, but it made him exceedingly restless
when presented with a situation beyond his control.  By now, it should
have been obvious to anyone else that she stayed behind to take care
of him, but the idea of putting Tenchi's needs above someone else's
was incomprehensible to him.  And so she figured it wouldn't
accomplish anything to answer him directly.  "This is about the
superpowers again, isn't it?" she said.

"Well, I just thought they could use your help out there--"

"Tenchi, I've seen your Mr. Superman in action, and I doubt that
anyone who can move that fast would have much need for a force field.
  Or an assortment of Jurai body fortifications.  Or a pair of
guardian robots.  For that matter, if not for his diplomatic skill,
Ryoko would likely be standing trial with a less than flattering
haircut," she said as she snipped her fingers together for effect.
"So I doubt my political savvy would help things either."

"OK, but even so, how can you just sit here and go on as if there's
nothing to worry about?" Tenchi asked.  "At least out there you'd be
able to know what's happening--maybe pitch in in case something comes
up--"

"Tenchi, I'm not a forklift for heaven's sake!"  Another aspect of
humans.  They were so detached from their technology, regarding it
only for its respective functions, as opposed to the sentient space
trees of Jurai, which shared an almost symbiotic bond to their owners.
  As a result, humans seemed to regard their own capabilities as
purely mechanical qualities, to be used or not used as deemed necessary.

"I'm not saying that," he backpedaled.  "It's just that--"

"No, I understand what you meant," she relented.  "But you have to
realize that it's more complicated than that."  She stalled for a
moment trying to find the right words.  "Tenchi, Mihoshi doesn't have
any special abilities.  I mean, beyond her weapons and instruments,
she's a rather typical humanoid, right?"

"I suppose so," Tenchi nodded.

"So why does SHE rush off to go patrol the system?"

"It's her job," Tenchi replied.

"That is what I'm saying, Tenchi," she concluded.  "It's her purpose
to serve and protect the local beings in her jurisdiction.  And it's
Ryoko's lot in life to deal with the consequences of the life she once
lived.  Now, by that line of reasoning, what's MY role in all of this?"

"Well, you're a princess," Tenchi answered.  "You could do whatever
you want--"

She smiled knowingly at him.  "I see... is that what you think?"  She
waited for him to nod in reply and she shook her head and reached for
her game piece on the board.  "Well, then I suppose there's no point
in keeping up this charade, now is there?" she mused, dragging the
plastic object all around the course of the board, making sure to tap
Tenchi's piece along the way to knock it over and send it rolling off
to the floor.

"Hey, what're you doing?" Tenchi demanded, scrambling to grab his
token before it rolled under the couch.

"I wanted to win," Ayeka smirked.  "So I merely circumvented the
rules.  I can do that, after all, right?"

"Well yeah, but that makes no sense," Tenchi protested.  "If you do
that, then you're not playing the game anymore, because you're not
following the same rules I am.  And you can't win unless you play the
game the way it's supposed to be played."

"So it would seem," Ayeka agreed.  "Tenchi, the first thing you have
to learn about government is that there are no absolute rulers.  One
way or another, a king has to bend to the sentiment of his people.
The good monarchs are always the ones who know when to take charge of
a situation, and when to delegate the matter to his subjects.  Failure
to strike the right balance inevitably allows for a more competent
person to come in and seize power.  In essence, by cheating at this
game, I've demonstrated that I'm not qualified to be playing it."

"Uh-huh," Tenchi murmured.

"And just the same, a regent is bound to follow rules like anyone
else.  Particularly because he or she is the one WRITING the rules to
begin with.  And besides, Earth isn't under Jurai control.  That's why
we all defer to you, Tenchi.  You're the only one who understands this
strange place.

"Right..."

"And you're much more than that to me..." Ayeka stammered.  This was
always the hardest part.  Defending the values of the Jurai royal
family was old hat--she'd given this sort of discourse almost as often
as she'd explained the unique permissiveness her people had towards
intermarriage--but telling someone like Tenchi how she felt about him
was something far more difficult.  She felt an uncomfortable warmth in
the back of her head and neck, and finally she picked a less intimate
choice of words.  "You're family," she blurted out, cursing herself as
she sounded it out.  "You're my brother's grandson and that means I
have to look out for your well-being, just as you would look after
mine."

She pressed on with her point, furious that she'd fumbled what she
wanted to say, but determined to see it through.  "And no matter what
happens, I have to prioritize, Tenchi.  My first responsibility is to
my people, and of all of them, I have to care for my family first and
foremost.  That's why I've been living with you and my brother and
sister on Earth all this time, and that's why I've stayed behind now."

She looked up at him and saw a sad look in his eye.  "I'm sorry," she
said.  "I know it must seem like I'm abandoning the others by doing
this, but with you and Sasami here I had to make a choice... and while
it was a simple decision to make, it wasn't easy, Tenchi.  I hope you
can understand that."

"You're right." he said softly.

"Hmm?  About what?"  she asked.

"About there being more to Jurai than power," Tenchi said.  He held up
his game piece and rolled it between his thumb and forefinger.  "Ever
since all this came down on me, I've been treating it like a fantasy
world or a video game.  Something you can turn off and put away when
you're done.  It's not that simple.  It's about making hard decisions
and trying to choose the right thing, because the stakes are so high
you won't get a second chance.  The sort of thing Superman was doing
when he told me to stay behind.  The sort of thing I bet Juraians
learn from the beginning.  The sort of thing you've been doing the
whole time and I haven't even noticed until now."  He slowly rose to
his feet.

"Tenchi, I didn't mean to suggest that--"

He waved his hand to dismiss what she was about to say.  "Yeah, I
know.  But you've given me something to think about, Ayeka.  I've been
so worried about wanting to help Ryoko that I forgot to consider if my
help was actually what she'd need at this point."  He reached out with
his hand and pulled Ayeka to her feet.  "Tell you what, it's getting
late, and I should probably get some sleep if I wanna be in good shape
for tomorrow.  And we can pick up Sasami in the morning and tell her
that everything's gonna be OK.  Sound good?"

"I think... I think that's very sensible, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka replied
as he headed for the stairs.  "Of course, it's entirely possible that
they'll have returned by then.  No reason we shouldn't keep
optimistic, right?"

He turned from the stairwell and smirked.  "That's what I was
thinking.  You know Ryoko, and I'd like to recover from one concussion
before she gives me another."

She smiled and waved him off to bed.  "Go on," she said.  "I'll clean
up down here."

As he left the room she sighed and looked out the window.  Not quite
what she had pictured she admitted, but at least tonight had confirmed
that they could still connect.  And of course, in the morning they'd
either be surrounded with the others or preparing themselves for
battle, and she'd probably have to start all over again.  Well, if
those were the rules, so be it.  She was royalty.  She knew how to
live with the waiting.  They'd be together soon enough.

***

He'd waited long enough.

Time had been on his side from the beginning.  It was a simple matter
to sow the seeds of his plan and wait for the fruits to be harvested.
  Now they were all gathered together for him.  It was all right there
in front of him.  A very rewarding experience.

"Our captain has confirmed their location," Zaora announced.
"Ryo-Oh-Ki was spotted in the Okuda System.  Refueling or lodging, the
point is that they've surely touched down on a planet and will be
vulnerable for a short time."

"I've already ordered a course change," Legion mused.  "We'll be there
in a matter of minutes."

"Excellent!" Zod said approvingly.  "Soon the murderer will be in our
hands, and once he is dealt with, the others shall scatter like so
much dust!"

"Hmmm... I have misgivings about this," Quex-Ul growled.  "Suppose we
tip our hand too soon?  What if the murderer manages to slip away from
us?  Or one of his fellows for that matter?"

Legion rose from his seat and paced into the center of his quarters.
The room was dimly lit, to the point where everything in it seemed a
dismal grey to the naked eye.  "You underestimate me, Zod...Quex-Ul.
You imply that I am not powerful enough to confront them on my own.
That I must neutralize the Kryptonian first and foremost, or that I
would be lost should I fail to complete my task."

"Hardly," Zod replied.  "We merely consider the possibilities inherent
in your decision to do this task... alone."

A bitter chuckle fell from his lips.  "Tell me, General. How far would
you have come on your own?  Any of you?  Without my aid, you wouldn't
even be here.  Not to downplay your side of the pact, but let's be
fair about this.  Before you, I was alone. I managed, just as I will
manage now.  Your caution is appreciated, even warranted, but the
decision is made."

His discourse was interrupted by the beep of the door chime.  "Enter,"
he groaned as the door slid open and the captain entered the darkened
cabin.

"Sir, thirty seconds to Okuda.  You said you wished to be informed."

"Very good," Legion acknowledged.  "Do you recall what else I wished?"

"Just that you wanted to disembark on the planet's surface by
yourself," the captain replied.  "And to send a security crew after
you when you gave the signal."

"That's right," Legion confirmed.  He crossed the room and hit the
switch that activated the lights, suddenly illuminating the entire
cabin to daylight conditions.  He waved his arms to demonstrate that
it was utterly unoccupied except for himself and the captain's head
poking through the door.  "When necessary, I will summon assistance,
but ultimately, by myself, captain.  I wouldn't have it any other way."

***

NEXT: Guess Who's Coming to Dinner...
