The Inhuman Condition: 14
UNNECESSARY--the ADVENTURES OF SUPERMAN!
by Mike Smith
Send YOUR questions/comments/whatever to mike_p_smith@prodigy.net!  Or
send someone else's.  I just like reading e-mail that isn't ads for
porn...

Oh So Human Disclaimer: This story features Superman and the cast of
the Tenchi Muyo! OAV series, which are trademarks of DC Comics and
AIC/Pioneer LDC, Inc.  You can figure out which bits were whose, I
suspect.  Anyway, this is an unauthorized work, and no profit is being
made on this work by me.  This story is copyright of me.  Download if
you like, but please don't archive it without my permission. Don't be
shy.

To Err is the Continuity Note: Sing it with me... This story takes
place some time after SUPERMAN v.2 #165 and OAV Episode #13.  Maybe
you're not sick of it yet, but I've been writing that for over a year
now.  In fact, screw it.  This story takes place after the final
episode of "I Love Lucy", but before Wolverine got that brown costume.
  Somewhere in there.

--------------------------------------------------------------------
Original Tenchi Muyo! concept by Masaki Kajishima and Hiroki Hayashi
Superman created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster
--------------------------------------------------------------------

His name was Nobuyuki Masaki, and no one ever told him anything.

Take the knock on the door, for instance.  He had expected the
delivery man, bringing him that new car stereo Pioneer had come out
with, and he'd anxiously flung the door open, figuring he'd spend the
rest of the day installing it into his car.  Might even get his son to
help him out with it, and spend some quality time with the boy.  He
_was_ quite the ladies' man these days, but male bonding was important
for a kid his age.  And he needed someone to read the instructions to
him as he worked.

It wasn't the delivery man.  No, it was a pair of aliens in Halloween
costumes.  And it wasn't Halloween.  They handed him a wreath and a
basket of fruit.  Neither appeared to be composed of any plant life he
had ever seen before.  His son probably knew what this was all about,
but nobody ever told him anything.  The man in the biker outfit and
KISS makeup spoke first.

"Well, go on."

"This is stupid.  You do it," the lady in the black poncho murmured.

"They gave you the card, babe."

She sighed, and held up a three-by-five notecard to her face.  "Hello,
sir or madam. It has come to our attention that we have mistakenly
apprehended a member of your household to stand trial before the
Galactic Tribunal," she read in an apathetic tone.  "We at the
Tribunal pride ourselves on being a bastion of justice and equity
throughout the universe, and therefore we deeply regret that an error
was made by our beauracracy.  Please forgive the inconvenience towards
you and your loved ones, and please accept as a token of our
appreciation this deluxe fruit basket and decorative wreath, presented
by the parties held responsible for the erroneous arrest."

Nobuyuki looked down at the gifts in his hands and then back at the
pair at his doorstep.  "Ah... OK," he said slowly.

"And let me add this," the woman said, her voice recovering from the
recitation, "You tell Ryoko that this isn't over.  She may have fooled
the Tribunal, but not me, got it?  Not me.  I'll hunt her to the ends
of time and space if I have to.  She'll never be safe from me.   Not
ever."

"What she said," the man added with a grin.  "Frag ya later."

Before he could ask what this was about, she reached into the house
and grabbed the door, pulling it shut with a slam.  Nobuyuki was left
staring at the door trying to figure out what had just happened.
Ryoko  probably knew, but then, nobody ever told him anything.

He hadn't always been out of the loop.  It had apparently begun with
his wife, he realized.  They married, had a son, and she died when he
was a boy.  Fortunately, her father had been there to help raise the
child, and he and Nobuyuki grew quite close over those years.  He was
like a second father to him, not just an in-law.  All around, a pretty
swell guy.

 From outer space.

He had to keep adding that to his assessment of anything these days.
His father-in-law was a challenging chess opponent, and perhaps the
wisest man he'd ever met.  From outer space.  It was like when he used
to read fortune cookies with his college buddies and they'd add the
phrase "in bed" to the end of the fortune.  "Things are looking up for
you--in bed."  "The only woman I ever loved was the daughter of a
shrinekeeper--from outer space."

It wasn't that it mattered much to him.  But there were times that it
became disorienting to him.  Like the bright blue object in the fruit
basket that looked like a kind of orange.  Was it edible?  If so,
could he eat the peel?

Similarly, his father-in-law had come to earth with a Secret Plan to
Save Outer Space.  It involved Nobuyuki, primarily in that he would
have a son and work at an architecture firm so he could buy groceries
for the boy, thus sustaining him when it came time for him to Save
Outer Space.  That part he didn't mind so much.  After all, he would
have done that anyway, and now it gave him a sense of pride knowing
that when he was pulling in a half hour of overtime at work or buying
a Snickers bar at the store he was helping to preserve peace
throughout the universe.  Or something.

The problem was that this made him a lowly grunt in the operation.
Nobody needed to tell him what was going on.  He only recently found
out that his father-in-law and son were part alien, and that was
mostly because it was becoming too obvious for them to keep it from
him.  They didn't come out and SAY it, probably because they didn't
want him to worry, but he knew.  That many girls living under one
roof, nothing could stay secret for too long.

The girls... from outer space.  He still didn't get that part fully.
His guess was that they were part of some elaborate alien mating
ritual his father-in-law had set up.  His son would get one after some
sort of process of elimination, and the rest would join him in his
life of crime-fighting.  Or something like that.  Again, whatever it
was, it was part of the Secret Plan to Save Outer Space, so he didn't
ask.  And it gave him a sense of pride that he was contributing to the
evaluation process whenever he happened to catch a glance at one of
them bending over to pick up a laundry basket.  Yeah, pride.
Definitely pride.

Again, none of this would even matter to him, except it forced him to
wonder just how well he knew his wife when she was alive, and how well
he knew his son now.   If oranges were blue, would they still be
called oranges?

"I'm home!"

The announcement shattered Nobuyuki's train of thought, as his son
came bounding into the house.  Tenchi patted him on the back, "Are you
OK, dad?  Why are you just standing in front of the door like that?"

Before he could greet his son, Ayeka--one of the girls (from outer
space) living in their house--approached the pair.  "Lord Tenchi," she
said meekly.

"Any word?" he asked as he pulled off his coat to hang it up.

She looked down at the floor.  "I'm afraid not.  Miss Washuu has been
locked away downstairs all night and all day.  If she's found
anything, she hasn't told anyone else."

Tenchi let out frustrated sigh.  "This is driving me NUTS.  We should
be doing something, not just sitting around going about our routine
like nothing's happened.  I should have come along... this place could
have gotten along without me for a while, that's for sure."

Nobuyuki raised an eyebrow at that.  When he said "this place", was he
talking about his home?  Or the Earth?  Before he could ponder it
further, Ayeka began to weep.

"No, you couldn't have... it's all my fault.  If I had been more
responsible for my actions Sasami wouldn't be... oh, Tenchi, if
anything happens to her--!"

"She'll be fine, Ayeka," Tenchi said firmly, grasping her by the
shoulders.  "I promise you that.  I don't how, but I'll find a way--"

Nobuyuki coughed slightly.  "Ah, son, I'm not sure what this is all
about, but I thought maybe this might have something to do with it."
He held up the fruit basket and the wreath.  "A couple of strange
characters just dropped this off before you arrived."

"What?" Tenchi looked at the strange assortment of food and spotted a
note on the plastic wrapping.  He pulled it off and began reading it.
  "--come to our attention... please forgive the inconvenience...
ERRONEOUS ARREST?!  Dad, do you know what this means?!"

"Things will be looking up for you?" he asked innocently.

"It means they must have let Ryoko go!" Tenchi shouted.  "So at least
we know she's not gonna get executed or anything.  But if she's been
freed, why hasn't she come back yet?  And why hasn't Superman let us
know what's been happening?"

"Superman?"  Nobuyuki asked.

"Unless... something might have happened to them on the way back,"
Ayeka suggested.

"It's the only explanation," Tenchi agreed.  "We have to look for them
now.  Go and get Washuu.  We need to let her know what's going on."

Ayeka nodded and made her way to the door underneath the stairs.
Nobuyuki grabbed Tenchi by the arm before he could do anything else.
"Tenchi, what's going on here?  Where is everybody, and what's
Superman got to do with it?"

He looked at him and his face twisted in embarrassment.  "Well, uh,
dad... it's kind of complicated.  We have to go out for a while.  Are
you and Grandpa gonna be OK by yourselves?"

"Go out?  Where?  Is this another one of your grandfather's things?"

Tenchi slapped his forehead.  "That's right, I forgot all about that.
  Hang on, Dad, I'll be right back."  He broke free from his grip and
raced to his bedroom upstairs.  Nobuyuki stood there perplexed for
about two minutes, and at last Tenchi came back down with a length of
bright red fabric billowing in his wake.   He handed it to him.  "You
were at work when he showed up, but I told him you were a big fan, so
he left you this as a souvenir."

Nobuyuki held it up and found a familiar yellow patch on the cloth.
It was a stylized "S" in a pentagon.  "You mean... he was here?"

Tenchi nodded.

"My son is friends with Superman?" he asked.  A smile was starting to
grow on his face.

"Uh, well I'm not so sure you'd call it that..." Tenchi stalled.  "But
he did go with Mihoshi and Sasami to help save Ryoko, and now we have
to go help him.  If that's OK with you, I guess."

He looked at him in astonishment.  "Geez, Tenchi, I don't even know
how  to answer that.  If you think you can do it, I guess you should.
  I didn't realize you were that powerful."

"I don't know that I am," Tenchi said, scratching the back of his
head.  "It kinda creeps me out to think about it.  To be honest, I
didn't think you were all that interested yourself.  I didn't wanna
force all this alien stuff on you all at once..."

He grinned and put his arm around the boy.  "Son, I've been used to
this sort of thing since I met your mother!" he assured.  "Maybe I
didn't KNOW it, but I suppose I've been adjusting to it ever since.
Just do what you have to do.  I'm sure you'll make me proud, even if I
don't know exactly why."

Tenchi's awkward appearance suddenly returned to the determined
grimace he had been wearing before.  "Thanks, dad.  I'll be back
before you know we're gone!"  And he rushed to the stairs to enter the
door underneath.

Nobuyuki stood there watching his son mobilize for action, then he
headed for the kitchen.  With luck, he'd be able to find something
palatable in this basket yet... even if it was from outer space.

***

"What do you MEAN," you can't find them?!  "That's my SISTER out there
  somewhere!"

Washuu glared at Ayeka with tired, green eyes.  "Well, if it's a
family matter, I guess that should make this easier somehow.  Yes, the
power of love and deoxyribonucleic acid will solve this one lickety
split.  You're a genius, princess."

"What's our situation," Tenchi asked as he entered the lab.

"Well, our Lady Ayeka was just suggesting that I scan the search
parameters for the unique genetic code of Sasami, because they're
related.  Never mind the fact that she'd be with freaking SUPERMAN and
he'd stick out like a sore thumb even if my instruments WERE precise
enough to do the job."

Ayeka's growl subsided into sorrow.  "I'm sorry, Miss Washuu, I didn't
mean to imply--"

"THAT, and it would help if I think warm fuzzy thoughts while I
approach the problem.  Which is pure brilliance really, except that
I've been DOING that for TWENTY-FOUR HOURS STRAIGHT.  I can't sense
Ryoko or Ryo-Oh-Ki telepathically, which suggests they're somehow out
of range--which is possible, since I never had a chance to test it--or
their powers have been neutralized in some way.  Or they're dead, but
that shouldn't bother ME in the least, RIGHT?"

"Listen, we're all a little on edge here," Tenchi said carefully.
"Maybe you should get some rest, Washuu, and we'll--"

"I don't NEED rest," she snapped.  "What I need is--" she stopped
suddenly, closing her eyes tightly, and then jerked her head to one
side.  Then she opened her eyes, looking considerably more relaxed.
"What I need is help.  And I think I know where we can get it."

"Where?" Tenchi asked.

"Metropolis," Washuu grinned.  "During my experiments there, I learned
of a man that worked for Superman, creating weapons and tools for him
to use in his work.  With his patron missing, I'm sure he'd be willing
to assist us in our search.  He might even know something about this
'Tribunal' that started this whole mess."

"Why should he want to help us?" Ayeka asked.  "Didn't you alienate
everyone in that city with your maddening tests?"

Washuu snarled at Ayeka, as if to tear into her once again with a
frustrated rant.  Instead, she merely turned away from her, and looked
down at the computer screen she had been working at.  Then at the
gargantuan aquarium tanks stretching out across the breadth of the
laboratory, and finally at a half-eaten carrot left on the floor.
"Yes," she said.  "I suppose I did burn my bridges at that.  But he
has to help us anyway.  He has no choice... I have no choice."

"Little Washuu, I--" Tenchi's attempt to comfort her was refused, as
Washuu waved a hand to dismiss him and picked up a wire bent into a
star shape from a nearby desk.

"The dimensional portal should be able to get us close to his
headquarters," she said.  "After that, we can track down it's exact
location by scanning for distinct energy signatures generated by
Kryptonian technology.  I suggest the two of you prepare for a long
trip.  I'll be waiting here when you're ready."

Tenchi and Ayeka headed for the exit to the lab, and Ayeka leaned
closer to him to speak softly.  "She's taking this rather hard, Lord
Tenchi.  I don't think I've ever seen her like this."

"No.  Me either," he answered quietly.  As Ayeka entered the lift to
be carried back to the Masaki house, Tenchi lingered behind just long
enough to hear a mutter echo from the halls of the lab.

"Damn family... nothing but trouble." The tone suggested that the
speaker was trying to hold back a sob with little success.

Had the situation not been so dire, Tenchi imagined that a smile would
be on his face at that.

***

Metropolis!

The city had seen many changes in it's long and storied history, but
it still remained a haven for immigrants coming from vast distances,
yearning to be welcomed onto a new land.  Small wonder that it was the
most popular city in the world, with residents hailing from all over
not only the rest of the United States, but the rest of the globe as
well.

And a few notable visitors from beyond.  Tenchi, Ayeka, and Washuu all
emerged from the dimensional gateway in the middle of an alley
somewhere in the city.  Unlike most of the tourists, however, they
would have to steal into town in secret.

"So where is this place?" Ayeka asked, still straightening the tunic
of her Juraian battle armor.

"Suicide Slum is what the natives call it," Washuu replied.  "I never
looked into why.  Luckily, we're just a few meters away from our
destination.  Come on."

Ayeka motioned for them to wait, as she turned back to the dimensional
portal and stuck her head back inside.  "The coast is clear, you may
come out now," she called.

Before Tenchi could ask, a pair of massive ivory colored blocks came
floating out of the portal, descending to either side of Ayeka.  One
was adorned with a blue symbol, the other with a red one.

"Azaka and Kamadake?" Tenchi asked.  They were Ayeka's mechanical
bodyguards.  Though they sort of resembled alien vending machines or
clothes dryers, they possessed considerable power in contrast to their
sedimentary appearance.  Still, it begged the question-- "Why did you
bring them along?"

"I thought we might need them," Ayeka said innocently.  "After all, it
hardly fits their programming to stay behind while one princess heads
off in search of the other."

"Hardly," Azaka added, a light on its surface blinking in time with
its sibilance.

"I couldn't live with myself," Kamadake blinked.

"Is it in their programming to draw even MORE attention to us?" Washuu
scolded.  "It's not like we blended in with the locals to begin with,
you know..."

"Babylon 5 RUUUUULLLES!" a passerby shouted, waving to the five of
them from the mouth of the alley.  "Slammin' costumes!"

"You were saying?" Ayeka asked.

"Let's just get this over with," Tenchi suggested, moving on to the
main street.  He did feel pretty silly wearing the Jurai outfit in
public--even if it was strangely comfortable in a subconscious
way--but the simple fact was that they didn't have time to worry about
looking conspicuous.  Fortunately, it didn't take long to find what
they were looking for.  It was the golden, crystalline building two
blocks down the road.  And three people were already there on the
steps to the front door.

***

[interlude one]

He woke up to find himself bolted down to a metal surface of some
kind.  He flexed his wrists, and snapped the restraints in less time
than it took to tell.  He stood up and shook his head, trying to
remember what had happened to him.  It didn't take long.  He had
someone to jog his memory.

"Ah, awake, are we?  And free to resume your crusade against
injustice, you might suppose.  Well, it doesn't work that way this
time, Man of Steel."

Legion.  He could hear his voice, but he couldn't pinpoint the source.
  It was as if his voice were speaking to him from every direction at
once.  Almost like surround sound stereo, but the faint electronic
crackle was absent from his taunting.

Superman looked around to get an idea of where he was, but that too
was a mystery.  His telescopic vision could see for hundreds of miles,
but past a few feet, there was simply nothing to see.  Before he could
put this frustration into words, Legion beat him to it.

"By now there must be so many questions on your mind.  'Where am I?
How did I come to be here?  How will I escape?'   Let me make this
clear for you.  None of those questions will be answered.  Not now,
not ever.  You'll be leaving this little arena I've devised, but only
when it suits my purposes.  Not yours."

"Who are you?" Superman demanded.  "And what have you done to Ryoko
and the others?"

A sigh in response to this.  "Of course.  I'd neglected to consider
your selflessness.  Come now, Man of Steel, you can drop the act.
You're all alone now--even moreso than usual for the last living
Kryptonian.  All that banal concern for your 'fellow man' is wasted
here.  As for your tactical assessments--trying to learn more about
your enemy to facilitate your eventual counterattack--it's pointless.
  I've already won.  I just wanted to perform an autopsy on your
rotting corpse for my own amusement."

"For someone who seems to have such a grudge against me," Superman
replied, "you sure don't seem to know me very well.  I don't give in
so easily."

"Of course you don't.  Able to leap the tallest buildings in a single
bound, that's what they say about you on Earth, isn't it?  They keep
building them taller and taller, but you always manage to keep a few
inches higher, don't you?  It's an excellent metaphor for you, the man
who considers 'quit' to be a four letter word. You just keep on going,
full speed straight ahead.  It's laughable.  Nothing stands in your
way, not even your precious ethics."

"Is that what this is about?" Superman asked.  "The ghosts of the
beings I killed?"

"No," Legion answered.  "General Zod, Quex-Ul, and Zaora are a valued
resource in my vendetta, and staunch allies in the war against you,
Kryptonian.   But I approached them, and not the other way around. You
see, you've made a lot of enemies in your career, Superman.   You've
liberated worlds from the yoke of tyranny, unseated despots, smashed
countless armies and the warlords who command them.  You ask me who I
am as if you expect to recognize me somehow.  Is it so surprising that
your exploits would attract the attention of a man you've never met?"

"Then why--?"

"I knew of your great power and fighting spirit only recently.  I
decided you might be of use to me in furthering my ambitions.  Much as
I decided your friends would be useful to me as well.  But I prefer to
pull the strings on puppets I understand.  For the others, this was a
simple matter.  Ryoko's early developments were recorded in scholastic
journals, so it was merely a matter of finding such ancient tomes and
having them translated.  And of course, those reports were written by
the unparalleled Professor Washuu, so in researching the one, I gained
an insight on the personality of the other.  And of course, those two
live in the company of a Galaxy Police officer, your Detective Mihoshi
Kuramitsu.  And every good police officer files reports to
headquarters.  All I had to do was obtain a copy and learn what I
needed to know, not only about the professor and her changeling
progeny, but  about the royal family of Jurai and their contact with
the Earth.  Each of them has their part to play in my plans.  But you,
Superman, you were a more difficult prospect.  No one keeps an
accurate and exhaustive record of YOUR actions."

"Hmmph, it was in all the papers," Superman grunted.  He knelt down
onto the metal plate he'd been bound to before, and began feeling it
with his hands.

"Hardly sufficient to my needs," Legion scoffed.  "The journals on
Earth focus exclusively on the events that take place on Earth.  Very
isolated, that world, but then they can afford to be, seeing as their
species number into the billions.  No, what I required was something
that had been following you out into the cosmos.  Something that had
been following you since very early on in your career as Superman.  As
you might have guessed by now, I'm somewhat proficient in the ways of
magic.  Using certain skills I possess, I contacted the netherworld,
searching for wandering souls who might aid me in my search.  And lo
and behold, I found them!"

Superman paid no attention to his words, instead examining the metal
plate with his x-ray vision.  He knew magic was part of Legion's
arsenal from when he confronted them in the steakhouse and he couldn't
see past the veil of distortion surrounding Legion's body.  It made
him impossible to identify, and even more frustrating to deal with
since he was being held captive by an enemy he knew so little about.
His only edge was that Legion might underestimate Superman's
experience with magic based power, and he could find a weakness that
might allow him to escape--

His train of thought was cut off when a cold hand grasped him by the
shoulder.  Invulnerable as he was, the chill seemed to reach the very
core of his being.  He turned around with a shiver, but even before he
saw them he had a pretty good idea who it would be.

"Welcome, murderer," Zod snarled.  Flanking him were Zaora and
Quex-Ul, each of them bearing twisted, bitter expressions to match
their leader's.  "Welcome to hell."

[interlude ends]

Her name was Natasha Irons, and this was the best story she'd heard in
a long time.

To her left sat the impeccable Boris.  That wasn't his name, but she
called him that anyway.  It was really Paul, but she had to call him
Boris because the sword was named Boris.  And "Paul the Sword" was
just goofy.  Besides, this was all to make sure that the arch-villain
Kagato didn't find out about the true power of the space-tree Tsunami,
when the crown prince of planet Jurai came to Earth and began training
his grandson to defeat the powerful foe.

Well, no, she was just making that up.  The truth was it was this
Tenchi guy who was named after a magic sword, and he had come all the
way to her home to get her help.  Of course, he and his friends first
spent several seconds babbling to her and Boris in Japanese.  Or
Chinese.  Or Farsi.  She was too busy staring at their Shakespeare in
the Park costumes to care.  Finally, the guy slapped his forehead and
said something to the little red-haired girl, and she tapped her
forehead twice and suddenly they were speaking.

"--was TRYING to ask them if they wanted to see my magic sword," was
the first words she understood him saying.  It was love at first
sight.  Not the love between a man and a woman, but the love between a
sarcastic girl and a boy wearing a giant sandwich board that read "NO
CLUE".

Fast forward to now, and they were just finishing up their little
story.  It was all about space pirates and space police and space
princesses and the floating washing machines that protected them and
how it was imperative that they head out into space and save their
very special space friends.  Just to make things even more clear, the
girl with the purple hair even showed them a photo of the whole group.

"What do you think?" Boris asked, holding up the photo so she could
see it.  Despite the obvious urgency of the three newcomers, he never
stirred from his relaxed slouch on the steps.  Courage under fire,
that was Boris.

She looked over the picture of Tenchi surrounded by five girls of
varying ages, including the two flanking him now.  "I think Clueless
Lad's shown a lot of folks his magic sword from the looks of this,
Boris.  You think I'd fit in?"

"You're what we call high maintenance," Boris replied.  "I don't think
he'd be able to show you the attention you deserve."

"You're just upset because the shoe's on the other foot," Natasha
smirked.  "You can hide your eyes under all that hair, but we all knew
you had 'em locked on that spandex-wearing underage hottie from the
other universe.  How can a gentle flower of womanhood such as myself
deal with that kind of message, Boris?"

"Heh.  You think this has to do with the Thunderbolts?"

"Pish!  Who cares?  Those guys are strictly passe.  Besides, I got my
own hottie in a ballerina costume to sweep me off my feet.  A
whirlwind courtship where we go for rides on his flying washing
machine and we look down on all the little people without magic
swords.  Thunderbolts is mad Jersey City stuff, Boris."

"Yeah, I miss them, too," Boris chuckled.  "Don't mind her, folks.
She's just choked up with emotion right now.  It happens to all of us.
  Let me make sure I'm up to speed, though.  You're aliens from outer
space and you need to go save your sister... your daughter... and the
police officer who stays in your house."  Each of them nodded as he
pointed to them in sequence.  "Well, I'm sold," he shrugged, reaching
under his back to get a pair of placards laying on the steps beneath
him.  "Perfect ten.  The robot special effects, the universal
translator malfunction, it's a very well-crafted story.  Natasha?"

"Nine-four," she harumphed.

"Such a critic," Boris sighed, putting the cards back down next to him.

"I mean, come ON," she objected.  "Yeah, this is the best performance
art I've ever seen, but if they needed a handout, why not just go to
the Pawn Shoppe and sell off Pixie and Dixie here?  It's TOO good.  I
don't get it."

"We are NOT for sale," the left machine announced, a red light
blinking as it spoke.

"Right, Princess?" the other one asked nervously.

The purple-haired girl put a hand to her face and began to turn red.
"We're NOT vagrants, you little--" she stopped short and then lowered
her voice.  "That is to say... we're telling you the truth, madam.  It
is imperative that we speak with the proprietor of this establishment.
  Now can either of you help us or not?"

"Yeah, _I_ alienated everyone in this town, Ayeka," the redhead
scolded.  "But feel free to pick off anyone I might have missed."

"We should have brought Superman's cape with us to prove our story,"
Tenchi mused.  "I'm not used to getting help from other Earthlings.
Heh.  Guess I've been taking all this stuff for granted lately."

"I think he just said the magic word," Boris said.

"Of course," Natasha groaned.  "This is Blue's posse, right?  See,
this is why no one takes these guys seriously.  You call up to come
visit, and you go 'Hello, Dr. Irons, is Natasha home?'.  Uncle John's
pals come over and they get all mad poetic with the 'BEHOLD!  I am
Plunger Boy and these are the Plunger Dancers!  Verily, deliver unto
me this John Henry Irons, that we might converse with him over weighty
matters of considerable import!'"  She slowly rose to her feet and
walked up to the door.  "Well, let's get on with it.  C'mon guys, you
said you wanted to meet the man, didn't you?  Natasha Irons, plucky
young tour guide welcomes you to the friggin' Steelworks."

The three of them and their mechanical entourage looked at each other
on the sidewalk for a few seconds and then they started to make their
way to the door.  Boris stood up and joined them.  "I think I'd like
to see how this turns out," he suggested.  "Besides, it gets lonely
out here rating the homeless by myself.  Not much precision to it."

"Hmmph.  Insanely jealous, like I been saying," Natasha scoffed.  "So
whaddyou think, Boris?" She held up the photo and pointed at it as
they all walked inside.  "Who's Plunger-Boy gonna end up with?"

"Miss Natasha!" Purple-Hair shouted from behind.  "That's hardly any
of your concern, especially given the dire situation we're in!
Besides, I think the answer to that should be patently obvious..."

"That's not what it's about," Boris replied.  "It's about trees.  And
carrots.  And bears.  In nature, just about the dumbest thing you can
do is get between a mother bear and her cub.  Family values transcends
species.  You try to mess with that, you're just asking for it."

"Can we get ON with this?" the redhead fumed.  "I didn't come here for
a sociology lesson... Not this time around, anyway..."

***

It was fearsome to say the least.  Here they were deep in the heart of
a hostile city on an alien world--a part of it where even Tenchi
needed translation technology just to keep up with the locals--and
they were being led inside a bizarre fortress to find the one person
who might be able to help them with their problem.  Worse, their guide
had insisted that she leave her guardian robots outside while they
traversed the hallway to find this man.

"I honestly don't see why this place couldn't have been built to
accommodate larger objects," she grumbled.

"Ah, don't be such a worrywart, Ayeka," Washuu shot back.  "It's not
like we really needed those big logs following us around anyway.
Besides, it just goes to show that you're better off adopting a more
compact design."

In response, two small robots appeared from out of nowhere and perched
on her shoulders.  "Good things come in small packages, Washuu!" one
of them cried out.

"Small packages created by a GENIUS!" the other added.

"Would you PLEASE shut those things up?" Natasha fumed from the front
of the line.  "Pish!  Like I need a reminder you think your God's gift
to everything every five minutes."

She'd been too hard on Washuu earlier, she could see that now.
Obviously she was trying to cover up her own concern by throwing
herself at the situation like an exercise in long division.  Truth be
told, Ayeka often did the same thing herself, only barking commands or
pouting when she didn't get her way.  Of course it never accomplished
anything outside of Juraian circles, but it was a good way to vent.
The truth was she knew full well that Azaka and Kamadake would make
little difference now.  She just brought them along because there was
nothing else she could contribute.  And they sort of worked like an
old security blanket, absorbing her frustrated pouting and offering a
small sense of stability.

And Tenchi?  He seemed quite comfortable with the situation.  He was
worried like the rest of them, of course, but now that he was taking
action, even if it was just to walk down a corridor to ask someone
else to take action, he was more at ease.  And as alien as the
surroundings were to her--as if to illustrate her point a bug looking
machine flew past them, aiming a camera lens at each of them as it
went by--it must have seemed fairly sensible to him.  At least
compared to the strange things he had witnessed since they had met.
At least this weirdness was homegrown to him.

They passed a series of open doors, and she peeked in as they went
along.  In one, an elderly fellow was stroking his gray beard as he
looked over a selection of strange mechanical arms hanging from a
rack.  Finally he chose one and attached it to a stub where his
original arm must have once been.  Another room was full of nothing
but toasters of different shapes and sizes.  They all were covered in
scorch marks that suggested they failed to perform as expected.  A
third room contained an armchair and a television set, and the walls
were decorated with framed photographs of different people, almost
like Tenchi's home back where they had been.

It occurred to her that perhaps this was the common thread that bound
the human species together.  They were all so used to normal
situations that when something bizarre presented itself, they did
their best to treat it like an everyday thing.  Nobuyuki, Tenchi,
Natasha... they all were confused at one point or another, but if they
were at all disturbed, they never seemed to let on.  Maybe it was
because they could count on each other to keep up the facade.
Assuming it was a facade...

All she had to connect with on this world was Sasami.  And she was
missing.  In the end, she didn't care how odd or eccentric or
sarcastic these people were.  If he could help her find her sister,
Washuu's marker could play with all the metallic doo-dads he liked.

"Last chance to back out, pals and gals," Natasha announced, waving a
hand in front of a large door.  "Uncle John's behind this door."

"You hear that, Tench?" Washuu glowered.  "Well, we came all the way
here and saw the nice door, so it's been a rich full day.  What say we
head back home while Miss Mensa figures out what to do next."

"Y'know, Red," Natasha smiled, "ditch those action figures on your
shoulders and I think I might get to like you... anyway, since you
guys have no sense of theatrics..."

She keyed a few buttons on a wall-mounted panel and the door slid
open.  On the other side was revealed a room lit up with an assortment
of colored lights from every surface.  Mechanical arms whirred as they
strained to move hulking pieces of equipment from the floor to a
second level twenty feet above their heads.  The centerpiece of this
entire display of technological wizardry was a circular platform
housed in the middle of the room, where a figure draped in metallic
objects and a red strip of cloth had his arms raised as if he was
holding the whole thing together by force of will.

"Niiiiice," Tenchi said after a whistle of awe.

"Astonishing," Ayeka gasped, her voice barely audible over the
electronic buzzes and the computerized vocal readouts that permeated
the area.

"Quaint," Washuu harumphed.  "But retro is fashionable in these parts
from what I hear."

In the center of the room stood a metal figure with its arms raised
high into the air.  Electricity leaped out from just about every
corner of the place and struck the figure all across its surface.  "Is
that--?" Tenchi tried to ask, but found himself drowned out by the
loud crackle of energy.  "Is that him?!" he shouted.

Natasha rolled her eyes and smirked at them.  "Yeah, it's him all
right.  Unc, I'd like you to meet Plunger Boy and the Plunger dancers.
  P.B.?  This is Steel."

***

NEXT: Professional Courtesy