The Inhuman Condition: 17
USELESS--SUPERMAN!
by Mike Smith
Send questions/comments/whatever to mike_p_smith@prodigy.net

Clean-Shaven Diclaimer: This story features Superman, which is a
trademark of DC Comics, and the cast of the Tenchi Muyo! OAV series,
which is a trademark of AIC/Pioneer LDC, Inc.  This is an unauthorized
work, and no profit is being made off this work by me, as the penalty
would be certain DEATH.  This story is copyright of me. Download if
you like, but please don't archive it without my permission, as the
penalty would be reasonably certain DEATH.  Don't be shy.

Genetically Mutated Continuity Note: This story takes place between
ACTION COMICS #773 and SUPERMAN v. 2 #165.  And it also takes place
some time after OAV Episode #13.  I been reading the manga since I
started this little shindig, but so far I've come to the conclusion
that Hitoshi Okuda is just doing the same "fit it in around the OAV"
trick that I am, so I don't feel any pressing need to establish
continuity there.  But hey, I wrote Gleek the Space Monkey in, so he
could still surprise us all.

Note to my Dad: Superman doesn't have blue hair.  AYEKA has blue hair.
  Of course, I can't PROVE it, since Ryoko used all the colorization
budget to buy booze... so maybe Superman needs to take up drinking and
everything'll look OK.  Yeah.   Yeah... I think I need my medicine...

--------------------------------------------------------------------
Original Tenchi Muyo! concept by Masaki Kajishima and Hiroki Hayashi
Superman created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster
--------------------------------------------------------------------

It felt like thunder, only that was ridiculous given his position in
the high vaccuum of space.  A status report provided the only logical
alternative that could explain the turbulence around him.  Something
was hitting the station from the outside.  Something deliberate, as it
was making sure to strike in exactly the same point every time.

He sat in the master control room and watched.  Alarms sang shrill
songs to inform him of a hull breach that was being investigated by
the robot sentries, and he did his best to ignore them.  After all, he
was well aware of the situation.  He'd built the station.  And the
robots.  And the monitor that displayed what was happening at the
location of the incident.

It was a ship.  The nose of it was unceremoniously shoved through the
bulkhead like a finger through wet tissue paper.  Four figures climbed
out of the visible opening on the fore of the craft and he leaned in
closer to the camera and watched them intently.

Intruders.

The robots were already in position to repel this invasion.
"Attention, unauthorized personell!" the lead sentry announced.
"Surrender at once to the master of this station, or you will be
neutralized!  Surrender, by the order of Legion!"

The four of them simply stood where they were and made no move to
comply with the robots' demands.  As dictated by their programming,
they responded to this by opening fire.  He watched the spray of
bright red laser fire wash over them until a crimson light was all he
could see on the screen.  When it finally subsided, he expected to see
nothing left of them.

Instead, the only change was that the second one from the right--a
humanoid female--lowered her arms and a series of small wooden objects
flew around them in a circle, drawing back towards her until they
disappeared entirely.

"I guess that makes it our move.  Let's fight the good fight, people."

The large one followed up on his words by raising his left arm and
firing a potent looking weapon on his wrist.  In seconds, a pair of
projectiles had torn through two sentries in the line of fire, then
turned at a ninety degree angle to rip apart two more.  The drones
refused to take this lying down, however, but when three of them piled
on top of the large one, he simply shook them off the way one might
shrug off a heavy overcoat.  They fell to the floor and didn't move.

Another male from the group rushed the defending forces head on,
brandishing a small object in his hands.  Suddenly, a flash of blue
light sparked out of one end and there was a dagger of brilliant
energy left behind that he swung like a sword, cutting down his robot
gaurd like so much ripe wheat.  Not that he himself was an
accomplished fighter by any stretch of the imagination, but it was
plain even to him that this boy was more than just a strong arm with a
powerful weapon.  He struck at his foes with practiced motions as if
he'd done this his whole life, as if that was what he'd been born to
do.  Admittedly, the gaurds weren't designed to engage an enemy in a
prolonged battle like this, preferring instead to exhaust most of
their power supply in the act of incinerating an enemy.  So against
this sort of onslaught, they fell most predictably in four minutes.

To underscore the ease with which they'd won the first battle, the
fourth intruder simply remained where she stood, and clapped her
hands.  The pinnacle of arrogance.

He smiled in spite of the situation.  It was perfect.

"Did we have to do it that way?" the male asked.  "I mean, I'm all for
the direct approach, but ramming the ship into the hull like that?
Wasn't that kind of risky?"

"Well, I suppose there WAS a small chance my apprentice might have
slipped up and cracked the entire station in half, Tenchi," the
clapping female replied.  "Fortunately, his mastery of the adjustments
I made to his primitive spacecraft is nothing short of adequate.
Maximum penetration without comprimising interior pressure.  Smartly
done!"

"That's very passive-agressive of you, Profe--Little Washuu," the big
one grumbled.  From his vantage, it was hard to be sure what he was
looking at.  It appeared to be a robot of some kind, although its
exterior frame looked strangely familiar.  "Anyway, Tenchi, I got us
here, and my new 'mentor' got us inside, so why sweat the details?
What else could we do?  Unless your enemies are in the habit of
leaving engraved invitations to their hideouts."

"Heh... now that you mention it--" Tenchi smirked.

"I DO hope we've been performing to your liking, Miss Washuu!" the
taller female broke in.  "Heaven forbid you should need to lift a
finger while we carry out this master plan of yours!"

"Plan?  I thought Tenchi was in charge of this little outing," the one
called Washuu snickered.  "Ah, well.  How hard can it be?  Everyone
you don't recognize is a bad guy, right?  Punch, kick, repeat."

"Uh, maybe we need to broaden our mission statement, folks," the
machine-man suggested.  He was looking up at the ceiling to see the
massive divider coming down between them.  It was an added security
measure to cut off a hostile force from certain parts of the station,
but in this case it worked quite well to split their numbers and
whittle them down.  Only one of them had noticed it, and even that
awareness had come too late to stop it.

"Legion's trying to seperate us!" Tenchi cried out.

The machine man grabbed the taller girl and pulled her to his side of
the divide.  "You seen the Wizard of Oz, Masaki?" he shouted.

"Well, yeah, but what does that--?"

"We'll meet you there," he said just as the wall slammed shut between
them.  From separate camera angles, he watched each pair of invaders
stall for a moment, then rush off in opposite directions deeper into
the facility.  He leaned back in his seat and held his hands together
at the fingertips in contemplation.

They had come, just as expected.  This would work out even better than
he'd hoped...

***

As the two of them ran down the hallway, she looked back at the
massive wall behind them.  "I don't understand," Ayeka objected.
"Shouldn't we be looking for Tenchi?"

"He can take care of himself from what I've seen," Steel said.  "But
you'd know that better than me, right?  Not that I'm an expert on
martial arts or anything, but I've never seen anything quite like
those moves of his. Who taught him?"

"My brother," Ayeka answered, still glancing back at the massive
barrier that had cut their team in half.  "At one time he was
considered the finest swordsman on Jurai--"

"Multiple targeting array," he said brusquely.

"What?"

Instead of responding, Steel simply threw his hammer and adjusted the
glasses on his face, as if trying to get a better look at something.
Impossibly, the hammer flew down the corridor and curved its path to
steer itself around the corner.  There was a couple of loud crashes,
and then a new machine came flying from around the bend, the
electronic whine of its motors intensifying in pitch as it approached
them.

"Stand back!" Ayeka shouted, rushing ahead of Steel and summoning a
force field to surround them both.  The flying instrument fired a red
laser at them a few times, and then the hammer came zooming back where
it came from, smashing head on into the device, crushing it instantly.
Astonished, Ayeka dropped her field and watched the hammer continue on
its path.

"Stop." Steel commanded, and the wondrous tool ceased its motion and
hung in midair.  "Return," he added, and the hammer flew down to its
master and into his outstretched hand.

"Amazing," Ayeka gasped.  "I had no idea there were such advanced
weapons on the Earth."

"Unfortunately, the responsibility to use them wisely isn't always so
advanced," Steel explained.  "In case you were wondering why Earth
doesn't have a whole armada of spaceships like mine manned with
hammer-throwing armored crewmen."

"You keep your inventions to yourself rather than risk them falling
into the wrong hands," Ayeka mused.

"Well, I'd like to say I always had that attitude, but after I had to
fake my own death I was sort of soured on contractors, yeah," Steel
said."

"Hmmph.  Washuu chose you well," Ayeka said.  "It seems as if she
understands the people of Earth far better than I ever will."

"I take it you're not another satisfied customer?" Steel asked,
resuming his march down the corridor.

"It's not that," she answered.  "It's just that... I came to your
world to find my brother.  In the process, my sister and I decided to
stay there and be with him and the family he'd started while he'd been
living there.  They seem so at ease with being on Earth.  Tenchi grew
up there, and almost all he knows about Jurai is how to fight, as
you've seen. It's not that I'm not happy there, but I just don't seem
to understand how to find my place, as if--"

"Something's coming," Steel said as he stopped dead in his tracks.
"Fast."

***

[interlude four]

"Your methods are inefficient, Superman," Legion mocked.  "I don't
care if you can shatter mountains with one finger, or if you can
inspire ordinay humans with that gaudy costume of yours. The fact is
that you fail to consider the larger picture.  But don't take my word
for it."

All Superman knew was that he had been trapped in some kind of
illusion by Legion.  Why was becoming slightly clearer, as it seemed
that Legion wished to weaken his resolve in order to further some big
plan of his.  To that end, he was generating simulations of Superman's
worst enemies to confuse and demoralize him.  So far Lex Luthor,
Conduit, and the Cyborg had taunted Superman over his refusal to kill,
and now it seemed to be someone else's turn.

"Milton Fine, humble carnival mentalist," the new arrival announced.
And yet when I used my fledgling telepathic powers to contact other
worlds, I found myself possessed by a presence far superior to my own.
  I was forced to kill humans to use chemicals in their brains to
subdue the mind of the alien influence, until you flew in and saved
the day.  And in doing so, I wound up in the custody of Luthor here,
which only gave the alien the opportunity to further his evolution of
my body into--"

"Vril Dox!  Better known to the world as Brainiac!" he smiled as he
suddenly transformed into a green skinned man with a blonde beard.
"Not to be arrogant, but I dare say I was your most relentless
opponent, Superman, but when this body was destroyed in a battle with
you, I attempted to suffuse my consciousness into a more potent vessel--"

"Doomsday!" he explained, as his body shifted into a seven foot tall
hulk of a creature, bones protruding from every joint of its body.
"My plan seemed infallible, until you interfered as always and managed
to free the creature of my control!  Forced to inhabit a robotic host,
I swore revenge, using my newfound technological prowess as Brainiac
2.0 to take control of Metropolis' computer systems... but when a
freak accident ocurred, I was upgraded into--

"Brainiac-13!" the figure was now a gleaming computer-rendered
hologram, towering above everyone else in the room.  "And admittedly,
you defeated me once more, but in doing so, you allowed untold changes
to be wrought across your precious city, and now it remains in the
form of a futuristic city of tomorrow.  How much simpler things might
have been, I wonder, had you simply stayed home one evening and
allowed Milton Fine to snack on the brains of a few worthless
transients."

"And that's about where I come into the picture," another voice added.
  Superman grimaced and looked around to see a small red-headed girl
enter the scene with a broad smile on her face.  "After all, it was
YOUR presence that made Uncle Milty pick Metropolis, and that was what
got MY attention when I decided to do some field work, remember, Kal?"

"I remember putting a stop to your antics, Washuu," Superman shot
back.  Without killing you or making things violent or unecessarily
brutal."

"Oh, you might have ME taken care of, but that just fit right into
Legion's plans, dinnit?" Washuu taunted. "I must say, looking at all
the gang around here, I may not be the deadliest person in the
Superman Rogue's Gallery, but I'm darn sure the CUTEST, aren't I?
That must be why you cut me loose and then went off into space so you
could save my little girl, huh?"

"Indeed, Superman," Legion said calmly, "for someone who tries to do
the 'right thing', you seem to go about it a different way each time.
  I wonder if Zod would have been amenable to cleaning toilets for the
rest of his life..."

"I never claimed to be perfect, Legion!" Superman shouted.  "Somehow,
I think that no matter what I did to stop Washuu, we'd still be having
this discussion one way or another.  If you're expecting me to lose
confidence in myself because I've made a few mistakes, then you've got
another thing coming. As long as I'm alive, I can take whatever you
dish out."

/YOU SPEAK ERRONEOUSLY, KAL-EL./

He looked up in the sky and his eyes widened at what he saw.
Descending from above was an object that burned as bright as a star,
save for the single portion of shadow that held a glistening blue orb
in place.  It stared down on him intently through its unblinking eye
and the only reaction from the gathering below was a self-satisfied
snort from Legion.

"It--it can't be!" Superman gasped.

"Yep, definitly the cutest," Washuu nodded as the giant fireball came
just meters away from them all and hung menacingly above them.
Despite the apparent abscense of a mouth, its words rang out with
perfect, mechanical clarity.

/THE DAY WILL COME WHEN YOU ABANDON YOUR ADOPTED WORLD OUT OF
EMOTIONAL TURMOIL, SUPERMAN.  AND ON THAT DAY YOU WILL LEAVE THE
PLANET EARTH VULNERABLE TO THE STRATEGIES OF SOLARIS, THE TYRANT SUN./

[interlude ends]

***

It was a pretty simple combination.  Steel picked her up and started
barelling down the corridor with his flight boots and she held out her
arms to generate the personal force field provided by her body
fortifications.  The commpany of robots he'd seen coming were just as
fast and deadly as he'd said, but as they rammed through their numbers
like a missile, any threat they posed was quickly neutralized.

"Good, they're getting tangled up as they try to turn around to follow
us," Steel explained.  His face was once again shielded by the
extendible face-gaurd on his helmet, so when Ayeka was able to catch a
glimpse of his head, all she saw was her own reflection.

"How did you even know they were coming?" she asked.

"My glasses," he answered.  "My latest invention.  X-Ray specs that
really work.  Heh.  I'm bringing childhood fantasies to life and you
have a force field that runs on wood.  I guess that makes some sense,
once you figure out a way to control an electrical current sent
through the xylem... assuming Jurai trees are anything like Earth
trees--"

Ayeka squirmed to ease the discomfort of the metallic grip around her
waist.  "I'm probably not the most qualified person to explain it, Mr.
Steel," she admitted.  "Besides, you seem to do quite well for a
sculptor devoted to metals.  I just wanted to thank you again for
helping us in our time of need."

"'Smith' is the word you want," he said.  "Well, 'engineer' would be
the more accurate term.  Anyway, it's no trouble.  I became Steel to
master the machine--use it to help people however possible.  From the
looks of things though, it seems like the rest of the universe has
expanded that philosophy to everything else.  Trees that fly,
inventing your own children, fuzzy spaceships that run on carrots--I'd
never pass up a chance to experience such alien technology."

Ayeka looked up at him in amazment.  "But--but when we met you in your
workshop!" she countered.  "I mean, you seemed so disinterested in our
problems.  For a moment I thought that grudge between your city and
Miss Washuu would be the end of us!"

She heard a sigh from Steel's external speakers and his helmet nodded
slightly.  "Yeah, well... I wasn't the only one putting on an act.  I
read the papers after Washuu hit Metropolis, and of course Superman
consulted with me while he was dealing with the situation.  In fact, I
supported his decision to release her to other authorities because I
helped upgrade Stryker's Island Penetentiary to make it escape-proof,
and by my estimation she'd be running the place in three hours if we
tried to go by the book.  She's brilliant, immature, and totally lost
on the most basic tenets of human civilization.  Dumb as it sounds, I
can handle that.

"What threw me was when you all explained to me that one of the
missing was Washuu's daughter, a artificial life-form that just
happens to double as a weapon of mass destruction.  I take family
pretty seriously, and the proper use of my technology is almost as
important to me.  She treats it like a big joke, and well... I had to
be sure, you see."

"What convinced you?" Ayeka asked.

"The concept of combining your offspring with your inventions is
completely... foreign to me," he said.  "But there was this one point
where she looked me in the eye, and I saw...  You see, my brother,
Natasha's father,  he faked his own death when I was just getting out
of college.  Turned out he'd gone into the Witness Protection Program
so he could testify against some bad men he used to run with.  I never
saw him again until he resurfaced as a crime-lord trying to exact
revenge on the gangs who had killed the second family he'd raised
while he was in the Program.  Part of his plan involved stealing the
designs for my flight boots so his men would have an advantage over
the competition.  When I finally caught up to him, I had to tell him
that Natasha had been hurt by _another_ of my enemies, and she needed
a blood transfusion to save her life.  Washuu had the same look in her
eyes as he did when he handed me his gun and agreed to surrender
himself to the authorities to save my niece.

"By the same token... maybe Washuu and the people of Metropolis will
never be friends, but if I can relate to her situation and help her
out--well then maybe at least we won't have to be enemies.  It's
funny.  I learned about technology to help my family, but the longer I
go on in this business, the more I start to see that family doesn't
just end with a bloodline.  Or a political border.  Or a species."

"So far it seems like the opposition has died down," Ayeka noticed.
"Perhaps we should conserve our powers?"

"Hmmm?  Oh, of course," Steel replied, powering down his rockets and
lowering his feet until he was standing upright.  He set Ayeka down on
the floor and released her.  "Sorry, I didn't mean to blather on like
that.  Last thing you need in a situation like this is to hear me bore
you with my life story, right?"

"Why, no," Ayeka assured him.  "Actually, I find it rather...
familiar..."

***

"This is all my fault."

Tenchi leaped over her head and slashed open a robot behind her.
"That's one way of looking at it," he said, kicking the disembowled
machine over to send it toppling over in the path of another droid,
causing it to trip itself up in the others legs.  "After all, if you
hadn't created Ryoko, she never would have attacked Jurai and my
mother never would have been born."  Another robot fired a laser at
him and he stopped to deflect the beam with his energy blade,
ricocheting it back at another mechanical guardian.  "So yeah,
anything that happens to us you're indirectly responsible for."  Two
more robots rushed at him from opposite directions, and he ducked out
of the way at the last second, then cut them to ribbons after they
collided with each other.  "Don't tell me you're having regrets,
Little Washuu." he smirked.

"That's not what I meant," she pouted.  "If I hadn't been so
headstrong, I never would have left that big ape in my lab to begin
with, and even if I had, I shouldn't have let Ryoko bruise my ego so
easily, and I shouldn't have silenced the link to her thoughts.  If I
hadn't been ignoring her, we wouldn't even be in this mess right now."

Tenchi spun around and caught a robot in the face with the hilt of his
sword, then whirled about to decapitate it before it could regain its
balance, wounding three others as he swung the blade.  "Little Washuu?"

"Yeah?" she said.

"Don't get me wrong, it's big of you to own up to all that, and I know
it's hard for you to say, but I kind of need you to keep your mind on
the present, OK?  Do you have a fix on the command signal yet?"

She held up a small box in her hand and looked at the readout it gave.
  "Yeah, sure.  Thirty meters, dead ahead. Might have to hack through
a bulkhead, but I think you can handle it.  Sure you don't want me to
jam it?  Save you some trouble."

"No... I want to find the transmission source and shut it down from
there," Tenchi said, carving off a robot's arm before it could strike
him in the face.  "Trust me on this."

"Sure, whatever," Washuu sighed.  "Some genius, huh?  At least I know
where to find others who can clean up after me, I suppose."

"You know what calorimetry is, right?" Tenchi asked, picking up a
piece of a robot and throwing it at another to knock it over.

"Of course," Washuu replied.

"Back in my old high school--before Ryoko blew it up, anyway--we did
that one in chemistry class.  Eighteen students in groups of two.
Eight calorimeters.  So the teacher gave me and my lab partner a pair
of styrofoam cups and told us to make do."

"Huh. Resourceful," Washuu noted.  "That'd work in principle, due to
the insulative properties of the material, but the results would be
nowhere near as accurate as you'd get from a proper instrument."

"Come on, just a little closer..." Tenchi muttered as a group of
robots gathered around him.  Finally he swung his sword all around and
cut them all across the middle.  "And that's what our teacher told me
to put down in the report.  He said science wasn't about obtaining a
desirable outcome.  It's about learning from the results no matter how
they turn out.  Washuu, you're just as entitled to make mistakes as
anyone else.  The way I see it, you wouldn't be half as smart as you
are if you didn't screw up once in a while.  Point it you're here, you
convinced Steel to help us, and we're gonna do what we can to make it
right.  That's all that matters to me."

He saw a robot sneak up behnd Washuu, and he started to head after her
to intercept, but she casually struck it in the face with one of her
small fists,  knocking its head off with one blow.  "You've got a
point.  Thanks, Tench.  Y'know, you're the only one I can talk to
about stuff like this.  The others, they kinda put their own problems
on me, and... well, you know how it is with Ryoko."

"We'll get her back," Tenchi vowed, feinting a droid to the left, then
cutting it in two once its weapon was pointed away from him.

"You make it sound so convincing," Washuu observed.

"I'm still breathing," Tenchi replied.  "And the only way Legion keeps
them is over my dead body..."

***

Visual Two was dead.  Apparently robots weren't the only thing to fall
victim to that sword.

And so he turned his attention to Visual One.  They were just outside
the master control room, and he'd been forced to withdraw to a backup
installation to keep them from finding him.  From there, he looked on
as the door to the main room began to crumple and fold as the
machine-man broke it down with a few strikes from his hammer.

"I know how you feel," he said as the two of them entered.  "It's like
you're trying to fit in to one culture without letting your own slip
away in the mix.  I can relate."

"You've traveled to other places?" his companion asked.

"I was born in Texas," he asnwered.  "Grew up in Indiana, then
Washington, D.C., earned my dregrees in Michigan, then Metropolis,
back to the Beltway, New Jersey, then back to Metropolis.

"I don't believe I've ever heard of those planets," she noted.

"That because they're parts of Earth," he explained. "I don't know how
it is on Jurai, but Earth is kind of a divided planet.  All the land
is split up into different governments, and all of those political
divisions are divided further to make them easier to run."

"I see," she said.  "I had noticed something like that in my
experience.  Getting from one place to another on your world is rather
difficult.  Not unlike ancient Jurai before the primordial tribes were
united under the first King."

"Sure," he said.  "Of course, after a couple of world wars and the
invention of the internet and the telegraph and aeronautics and
what-not, we're starting to gel as a global community, but the
divisions are still there, for better or worse.  You might not think
so, but to me, Washington, Jersey City, and Metropolis might as well
be in different solar systems, except for the fact that they're not
even a thousand miles apart from one another. And yet somehow I seem
to hold on to a little piece of each one when I go to another.  Along
with everything else."

"How?"

"For one thing, you look at the upside.  Being from that many
different states, I'm always guarenteed at least three teams to root
for when the NCAA tournament rolls around.  After that, it's just a
matter of finding outlets to express those different facets of
yourself.  My hammer... I could have built a much smaller model than
this, and put some of the sensory equipement into my armor.  But I
didn't."

"Why not?"

"Because things are bigger in Texas.  Anyway, I bet it's the same
thing with Tenchi.  It's not so much that he only thinks of Jurai when
he fights as it is that he can express that side of himself openly
when he gets into messes like this.  After all, he can't write a term
paper in your language, and he can't exactly wear that outfit of his
to soccer practice or whatever he does in his spare time."

"It wasn't that conspicuous when we were in your city," she teased.

"Yeah, but in our neck of the woods, people dressed in circus tights
and tinfoil is a day-to-day thing," he smiled.  "Why do you think I
live there?"

Earth... Jurai... He stood up from his seat and checked the
connections on his own armor.  It was just as he suspected.  Steel was
with them.  Well, that would work out just fine.  He looked down at
the monitor as they appraoced the primary switchboard.

"Just as I thought," Steel muttered as he leaned over the console to
examine it.  "According to this, every robot, drone, and automoton in
this place is wired to this control room.  If I can shut it down,
we'll have free reign of the entire facility, and plenty of time to
locate Superman and the others."

"What are you saying?" she asked.  "When you acted as if you knew
where we were going, I'd assumed you'd already found them.  If they're
not being kept here then what are we doing here?"

"Washuu was only able to trace them to this general area, remember?"
Steel explained.  "And she didn't want to bring Ken-Oh-Ki along
because of that toxin affecting his powers.  As for my part, I
realized it'd be a lot easier for me to lock my sensors onto the
robots' command frequency and follow it back to the source.  I was
hoping to find our sociopathic host when we got to the end of the
road, but maybe Washuu can ferret him out when they get here."

He did a double take and looked closely at the monitor.  Washuu?  He'd
been watching them closely before the second monitor gave out, and
he'd seen no sign that they had managed to regroup.  Apparently
Steel's partner was just as confused, but before she could ask, the
far wall began to blister in one spot as a thorn of blue-white energy
began to tear through and slowly move around in a circle to cut a
large hole in the bulkhead.  At last the rest of Steel's party stepped
through.

"Put up yer dukes, put up yer dukes!" the female called Washuu cheered.

"But how--?" Ayeka asked.

"Global community," Steel explained.  "When I realized Legion was
trying to seperate us it occured to me that he must be an alien
himself... well, that's pretty obvious given where we are now, but
anyway I figured he wouldn't count on us being able to work together
without direct communication, so I fed Tenchi a reference only another
Earthling would be able to understand, and that way we worked out a
pincer move on the master control.  I was nervous that Tenchi might
not pick up on it at first, but it's a pretty famous movie."

"Yeah, well the hard part was explaining it to Washuu while I was up
to my elbows in kill-bots," Tenchi smirked, scratching the back of his
head.  "Otherwise, nice work, Steel."

He slapped himself in the head.  Of course.  He'd forgotten to
consider human comraderie.  Not that it mattered at this point.  He
prepared his weapons and headed for the door to deal with them
personally.

"Of course it's nice work!" Washuu gushed.  "He's MY apprentice, after
all.  Security iiiiisss disconnected!  Now all we have to do is check
this place stem to stern and we're home free!"

As the door slid open to grant him access to the master control room
he heard the shift in her voice from the electronic feed of the
monitor system to the crystal clear tone of the real thing.  As his
bright red and gold armor clanked into position he raised his arms and
held out his palms to the four of them.  "I think not, ladies and
gentlemen!" he announced, making sure to bring all eyes upon him.

"What in--?" Steel asked, raising his hammer for action.  He activated
the weapons mounted to his gauntlets and in seconds Washuu fell to the
floor where she stood.  He then focused his attention to Steel and for
a moment he seemed to be resisting the effect.

"Legion!" Tenchi snarled, igniting the energy blade of his sword.  "I
don't know who you are or what you want, but this ends HERE!"

"Tenchi!" Steel admonished him, "Stop!  He's using--" and then he fell
to the floor with a loud clang.  Ayeka brought up her trusted force
field, but as soon as he pointed his hand at her she fell unconscious
as well.

Now he turned his full attention to the boy.  "Last man standing," he
said flatly.  "Give it up.  There's nothing you can do now."

Tenchi blinked repeatedly as he was exposed to the hypnotic strobe,
but for some reason he didn't fall, almost as if he simply refused to
let himself succumb to the effect.  He dropped to one knee and grabbed
the edge of the console to hold himself up, dropping his sword as his
arm hit the table.  "I... won't let you... win!" he growled in protest.

"You don't have a choice in this matter, boy," he said, trying to
maintain his detached composure.  Inside the armor, however, he was
beginning to feel the perspiration bead on his forehead.  The boy was
resisting the effect somehow, and that was supposed to be impossible.
  His physiology was well within the standard range for this, unless
something unforseen was going on in his body... he began a
full-spectrum scan of this Tenchi to find out.

And when the readings finally came in on his viewscreen, he saw the
impossible literally happen before him.  Electromagnetic interactions
lit up like an aura around the boy as he began to slowly rise to his
feet.  Readings that would have been baseline twenty seconds ago were
suddenly off the scale.  Finally the entire display crashed and he
swtiched back to normal view as his only hope of understanding what
was going on.

Now the boy's costume had changed along with everything else, and
three blades of light manifested in front of him.  He grabbed onto one
of them and somehow it took the form of a shield.  Before he could
even react Tenchi ran at him with the newfound weapon and sent him
falling over when the shield made contact with his armor.

He found himself lying motionless on the ground and he looked on in
horror as his diagnostic readouts began to flicker and fade one by one
as his armor's systems crashed from the unknown energy that had struck
him when the shield made contact.  All he had left now was main
visual, and from that all he could see was the face of his foe
standing over him menacingly as he grasped onto a second blade of
light, and it transformed into a massive sword.

"Last chance, Legion!" Tenchi shouted.  "Return my friends to me, or
so help me I'll--"

"Suh-stop...!"

Through his viewscreen he saw Tenchi's menacing glare soften with
confusion as he looked away to address the source of this other voice.
  "Steel!" Tenchi exclaimed.  "You're still OK?  But Legion here got
you with some kind of--"

"'Swhat... trying... tell you, Masaki!" Steel's voice crackled over
his speakers.  "This... CAN'T be Legion... can't be... because I...
know him!"

***

NEXT: COGITO ERGO BOOM!
