THE INHUMAN CONDITION: 16
VESTIGIAL: TSUNAMI IN ACTION COMICS!
by Mike Smith
send questions/comments/whatever to mike_p_smith@prodigy.net

This is an Imaginary Disclaimer (Aren't they all?): This story
features Superman, which is a trademark of DC Comics, and the cast of
the Tenchi Muyo! OAV series, which is a trademark of AIC/Pioneer LDC,
Inc.  This is an unauthorized work, and no profit is being made off
this work by me.  This story is copyright of me. Download if you like,
but please don't archive it without my permission.  Don't be shy.

Flagrant Disregard for Continuity Note: If you're just joining us,
about half of our heroes are out looking for the other half, who went
missing sometime after part 13.  They're slow, but I love 'em anyway.
  Not that it's gonna matter much HERE, but this story takes place
between ACTION COMICS #773 and SUPERMAN v.2 #165, which would be
sometime following the events of Episode #13 of the Tenchi Muyo! OAV.

Message to whoever's running next year's CBFFA's: Sixteen parts and
counting.  I'd like to suggest "Biggest Crossover" as a category for
the 2002 awards. Wait, don't hang up--! Hello?  Hello?

--------------------------------------------------------------------
Original Tenchi Muyo! concept by Masaki Kajishima and Hiroki Hayashi
Superman created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster
--------------------------------------------------------------------

Her name was Sasami Kawai and everything was perfect.  The puffy white
clouds in the sky, the green grass on the ground, the birds chirping
in the air, all of it was pristine.  The world was at peace with itself.

"Great Caesar's Ghost!  Where are my corn flakes?!  Why, if I don't
get a bowl in just TWO seconds--!"

"Jeepers!  Sorry, Mr. White!  Here you go..."

"Olsen, how you continue to stay employed at this establishment is one
of the great mysteries of life.  And it's CHIEF White to you, young
man!"

"Of course, Mr. Whi--I mean Chief.  Sure!"

Well, maybe it was better to say the world was at a cease-fire.  Of
course, she'd have been more worried if grumpy old Police Chief White
hadn't been there, sitting out in the patio of Planet Krypton's
demanding his usual bowl of cereal at three-thirty p.m. on the dot.
Those little idiosyncrasies were what made the Earth so beautiful, and
it reminded her just how important its safety was.

She skipped along the sidewalk past the restaurant and felt the
minuscule weight of her backpack bouncing up and down on the small of
her back.  It was a wonderful feeling, the physical manifestation of
having almost no homework for the day.  For once, she'd have plenty of
time to devote to her extracurricular activities.

It hadn't always been like this, of course.  Time was the city had
been constantly under siege by an assortment of colorful criminals.
The Giggler, Doom-Doom Deidre, The Great Gordon, and of course that
other fellow... she couldn't quite recall his name... 'the
Legionnaire', maybe.  Anyway, those trying times had all become
ancient history.  Everything was under control, and everything was the
way it was supposed to be.

As she turned the corner to arrive at the front door of 344 Masaki
Road, she found a familiar old station wagon rolling up to the mailbox
to drop off the paper.  "Ms. Makibi, Hi!" Sasami shouted as she
approached the car.  "So how are things in the newspaper business?"

"Oh, they're doing all right, I suppose," the green-haired woman in
the driver's seat replied.  She pulled the paper from the mailbox and
handed it to her.  "I just wish we could increase circulation so I
could afford to hire some more people.  It's pretty rough editing AND
delivering these things every single day.  Nature of the beast, I
guess."

Sasami nodded and skipped off to take the paper into the house as
Makibi drove off to her next stop.  It was kind of a shame that her
journalistic skills weren't given their due, but it was heartening
that Makibi kept at it the way she did.  She opened the screen door to
her house and bounded inside to meet her sister waiting for her in the
foyer.  What Makibi was to the newspaper business, Ayeka was to
fretting.

"Oh, Sasami!" the older girl said with a sigh of relief.  "When you
didn't come home fifteen minutes ago, I was afraid you might have
tripped and hurt yourself on the way back from school!"

"I took the long way, Ayeka!" Sasami said, rolling her eyes.  "It's a
beautiful day out."

"It is?" she asked.  "I'm afraid I hadn't noticed.  I'd spent all day
making--" there was a ring from the kitchen and she turned around to
respond.  "Oh, it's ready!" she exclaimed, dashing for the interior of
the house.  Sasami ran after her to see what the excitement was about,
and found her sister pulling a sheet out of the oven.

"Sasami, be a dear and bring these cookies upstairs to your friends,"
Ayeka asked as she laid the sheet on the counter and started scraping
them onto a plate.  "They've been so busy today that I'm not even sure
if they've eaten."

Sasami took the plate from her older sister and shook her head,
sending her ponytails rocking back and forth.  "Aw, Ayeka, you worry
too much.  I'm sure they're just working on some new experiment for
the university."

"Yes, I suppose you're right," Ayeka agreed.  "Such upstanding
responsible young people.  You'd do well to take after them, Sasami.
Not like that dreadful costumed menace, the Indigo Wonder..."

"Yeah, I know..." Sasami sighed, heading upstairs to the guest room
that they had rented out a few months back.  It had been the start of
a very good friendship between the two of them and their new
housemates, and the start of a wonderful new life for herself in
particular.

"I thought I smelled cookies!" a deep voice exclaimed as the door
opened up from the inside.  "Sasami, how nice to see you this
afternoon!"

She giggled at the tall man's jubilation at the sight of the platter.
  "There's no fooling your nose, huh, Supe?"

Supe R. Mann took the tray from her hands and motioned her into the
room.  "Come in, come in!" he invited.  "I have to be extra observant
when your sister's fine cooking is at stake!"  He bit into the top
cookie on the pile.  "Delishosh!  Profeffor, wouldjoo like one?"

"Is the numerical representation of pi a non-terminating,
non-repeating decimal?" Washuu asked rhetorically.  "But my share will
have to wait, I'm afraid.  Sasami, it's a good thing you're here.  It
seems that we've got a situation on our hands.

Washuu took hold of a bust of Shakespeare and pulled the head off its
shoulders. Pressing a button inside, the entire room began to shift
and change.  The couch flipped behind a wall and was replaced with a
sophisticated computer.  A bookshelf suddenly disappeared into a trap
door, only for a lab bench labeled "Crime Lab" to emerge in it's
place.  Finally, a file cabinet rattled and the top drawer flew open,
and a familiar creature leaped out of it and into Sasami's arms.

"Hiya, Eye-Doubya!" she said once she was safely in her hands.  "Looks
like it's about that time, huh?"

"Mm-hmm!  Looks like."  Sasami concurred.

Supe activated a veiwscreen and pointed to the image that appeared.
"As you know, Sasami, your arch-nemesis and all around bad egg, the
Queen Bee, escaped from prison a few weeks back.  Her whereabouts, as
well as those of her right hand worker, Bee-lushi, are still unknown."
  The viewscreen showed a mug shot of the notorious Queen Bee,
helpfully offering a hand gesture to the camera.

"HOWEVER!" Washuu broke in.  "We just received a ransom notice from
Police Headquarters.  It seems that the mayor was kidnapped just hours
ago, and unless they get five hundred thousand dollars by tonight,
they say that they'll do unspeakable things to him!"

"Great shades of azure!" Sasami exclaimed.  "We have to stop her and
save the mayor!"

"Indeed," Supe said.  "That's why I've already taken the liberty of
running the ransom note through our Automatic Clue Detection and
Interpretation Machine!  It didn't take a brainaic to see that the
letters used on the note were cut and pasted from magazine articles,
and an analysis matched the fonts and printing styles to fourteen
various publications all dealing with women's fashion, cosmetics, and
bringing out the animal in your man!  ...And dirtbikes," he added
hastily,  "but I may have miscalibrated the Interpreter this morning.
  Nevertheless, a quick search on Washuu's 'inter-computer network'
revealed that only one address had been subscribed to all fourteen
magazines since the Queen Bee escaped!  An old Ordster factory in the
Abandoned Warehouse district on Michelinie Street!"

"Nice work, Supe!" the creature in Sasami's arms complimented.  "Guess
we oughta _bee_ getting over there right now, huh?"

"Aren't we forgetting something, Ryo-Oh-Ki?" Washuu asked, pulling a
cigar case from her lab coat.  "You two won't get very far until you
eat one of my super-vitamized, locked-in-flavorized, modern
des-ionized super carrots!"

"Oh yeah!" Ryo-Oh-Ki chuckled.  "I _knew_ there was a reason I loved
this job."  She jumped out of Sasami's arms and stood at Washuu's
feet, eagerly awaiting the fabled carrot.

"Here you go," Washuu said, pulling two carrots from the cigar case
and handing one to Ryo-Oh-Ki and one to Sasami.  At once they began to
chomp on the orange vegetables, and when they were done, they each
crackled with energy.

Sasami swallowed the last bite and felt the familiar metabolic shift
take effect.  Due to a unique metahuman "x-factor" in her genes, she
was the only living being who could withstand the awesome power of
Washuu's super carrots.  Gone, gone was the form of the little
schoolgirl Sasami, and in her stead was--

"Indigo Wonder Tsunami:S!" she cried out, her voice now matured to
match her fully grown body.  It was strange at first, adjusting to
being so much taller this way, not to mention possessing all the other
powers of the Indigo Wonder, but over time, she was finding the
transition becoming easier.  She looked down at herself, and found
everything as it should be.  Her dark blue Knee-length Boots of
Righteous Determination, the Blue Gloves of Fair Play and
Stick-to-it-iveness, the Blue Skirt of Superheroic Fashion Sense, the
Lightning Sword of Freedom, held in place within the Scabbard of
Eternal Vigilance, and of course, the pentagonal "S" shield on the
front of her Battle Vest of Battle.  "Sufferin' Sapphires!  Looks like
your carrots are just as powerful as before, Professor!"

"Naturally," Washuu agreed.  "It's all in the exothermic
redistribution of the biochemical matrix fields."

Tsunami looked to her side and saw Ryo-Oh-Ki completing her change as
well.  She was an artificial construct, designed by Washuu to use the
super carrots as an efficient source of fuel, until they discovered
that Sasami could utilize the same power as well.  Since then, the two
of them had become partners in the war against crime, as Ryo-Oh-Ki
became--

"Versatile Mobile Cabbit:R!" she shouted, now adopting the form of a
little girl, decked out in a green jumpsuit and yellow cape.  "Now
let's go find that Queen Bee, IW, and put some ointment on that hive!
  Ya get it?  Ointment?  Hives?  Because she's the Queen Bee?"

"I get it, Mobile Cabbit," Tsunami sighed.

Supe pulled a lever on a control panel and the wall of the room began
to move up, exposing the room to the outdoors.  "Ready for takeoff,
Colorful Crusaders!  And good luck!"

"Thanks," Tsunami replied, giving him the thumbs up.  "Mobile Cabbit!
Transform... and roll out!"

"Aye-aye, I.W.!" She cheered, altering the shape and size of her body
with a series of clicks and whirs until she had become a replica of a
1987 Dodge Ares.  "Like I always say," she added, floating off the
floor and propelling out the aperture in a blast of rocket fire, "If
you're gonna ride, ride in style!  Right, I.W.?  I.W.?"

She turned around to find Tsunami still waiting in the building.
"_After_ I get in, Mobile Cabbit...?" Tsunami suggested impatiently.

"Heh... oh yeah.  Sorry," she said nervously, descending back to the
house and opening the driver's side door for her partner.

Tsunami shook her head as she entered the car and took her seat.
Mobile Cabbit was a good friend and a valued ally in the never-ending
battle for truth and justice, but she had to wonder if there could be
anyone even MORE scatterbrained in this old world...

***

"Um... Your Majesty?  I think it happened again."

The Queen Bee clasped her hand to her forehead and drug it down her
face in frustration.  "This is the third time this week, Worker!  And
it's only Tuesday!  Well, give me your hand then..."

She propped her foot on her henchman's knee and grabbed one of her
arms in both hands, then pulled with all her might.  At last, her
subject was free from the couch, but not without a price.

"Ohhhh... my stinger got stuck in the cushion!" Bee-lushi whined,
trying to get a look at the seat of her costume to see if any fabric
had been ripped out along with it.

"Yeah, well T.S.," The Queen Bee snarled.  "Maybe now you'll think
before you just plant your butt wherever you feel like.  You know, if
you were a real bee, you'd be dead in a few minutes.  Honestly, where
do I FIND these people?"

"You'll never get away with this, Ryoko!" she heard a voice call out
from the shadows.  "When I get out of here I'll see to it you're
prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law!"

She smiled and turned to the source of the idle threats.  "Ah... but
that would imply that you ever WILL escape to return to the comfort of
your big comfortable office, Mr. Mayor."  She turned on a desk lamp
and pointed it to her prisoner.  "Or, since you seem to like being
informal at the moment, maybe I should call you Tenchi, hmmm?"

The mayor squinted at the sudden brightness, and he struggled against
the ropes holding him in his chair.  "But the ransom...?  Of course!
You never had any intention of letting me go, did you?"

"Nope.  The note was just to see how much money I could squeeze out of
this town while I carried out my TRUE intentions, Your Honor."  She
walked to the chair and leaned over the back of it, stroking the ends
of his elegant black mustache.  "But let me introduce you to the rest
of my gang first.  Bee-lushi?"

The blonde-headed worker snapped to attention and then rushed out a
door leading to some other room.  After a few seconds, she emerged
with a quartet of disheveled-looking men decked out in black
sweatpants and yellow and black striped T-shirts.  Like Ryoko and
Bee-Lushi, each was equipped with his own set of springy antenna with
puffy yellow balls dangling from the ends.

"You see, Tenchi," she explained, absent-mindedly tracing circles on
his chest with her finger, "I'm more than just a vampy insect themed
supervillainess.  Much more.  The skin-tight yellow and black vinyl
suit, the fishnet stockings... you wear them long enough and it kind
of hits you one day.  We're all alone in this cold universe.  Each of
us wants to have that special someone to be with when they carry out
their next diabolical scheme.  I'm sure you can understand what I'm
talking about."

He squirmed in his chair and widened his eyes.  "This is _highly_
irregular..."

"But where could I go to find that special someone? Have you SEEN the
kind of people in supervillain circles?  Vultureboy, the Unliftable
Tubbb, Mr. Personality, Dr. Scar.  Maybe those losers are good enough
for some other villainess, but I demand something higher up on the
chain.  Then I thought of bees.  And that's how I invented my special
mating pollen!"

She walked over to a desk and picked up a bottle of yellow powder.
"One whiff, and the fellas can't refuse!  Anything, I mean.  Of
course, I spent some time testing it on people, which is how I
assembled this little gang you see here.  Amagasake?"

The first man came forward and bowed slightly.  "I found this guy
trying to sneak into a local toughman competition show.  I didn't
think anyone would miss him much."

"Hey, look forward to workin' with ya," he said to Tenchi, cracking
his fingers loudly.

"Nobuyuki here, I just snagged him at random from a crowded subway."

"Foot massage, milady?" he asked penitently.

"Maybe later," she replied.  "Third, we have Kagato, whom I found in a
Las Vegas men's room at an American Chemical Society convention."

"Oh, how deLIGHTful," he said to Tenchi with a twinkle in his eye.

"Sheesh," the Bee muttered.  "And lastly, Mike.  We nabbed him while
he was wandering aimlessly in a Barnes & Noble somewhere."

"Hey, how's it goin'?" Mike mumbled quickly.

"Now, the upside to these guys is that they make a fairly decent gang
as far as lifting heavy stuff I want to steal.  In terms of more...
ah... extracurricular activities... well, frankly they're all nerds."

"Oh, HERE we go," Amagasake groaned.

"Yeah, abuse the help again... that'd be great for morale.  Really,"
Mike added.

"Bah!" Kagato spat.  "If taping episodes of Red Dwarf and running them
backwards to find secret messages makes me a nerd, then I might as
well become some brain-addled drone!"

"Dude..." Mike replied.

"No, I think she's got a point, guys," Nobuyuki said, trying to calm
them down.  "After all, none of us is a successful politician like
Tenchi here.  We can only hope that he can show us how to be better
goons in service of the queen."

The others nodded solemnly in agreement.

"What are they talking about?" Tenchi demanded.

"Isn't it obvious?" the Bee asked.  "I've perfected my mating pollen,
and created a group of drones to do my work.  Now I want one more to
be my SPECIAL drone.  And in between your... duties... I can always
put your influence to good use, and run the whole city using you like
my own personal marionette!  Ahhh-hahahahahahahaahahahahaha!" she
laughed.

"Haahahahahahaaahahahahaah!" the four drones laughed.

"Hee hee hee hee! Uhhhh, I don't get it.  What's so funny?" Bee-Lushi
asked innocently.

"She hasn't let me sleep in days," Mike answered.  "Everything is
funny at this point."

Tenchi continued to fidget in his chair, desperately working to free
himself from his bonds.  "You'll never get away with this, Bee!
Somehow, some way, the Darling Duo will find you and put a stop to
your plans!"

"Hah! And how are they gonna do that?" Ryoko challenged.

"Actually, with their special computers and equipment," Bee-lushi
interrupted, "I figured that as long as I used clippings from
magazines we subscribed to, then they'd be hot on our trail any time
now!"

Everyone stared at her in utter amazement.

"You cut up my _Dirtbike_ collection?" Amagasake asked in horror.

"And _Redbook_?!" Kagato added.

"In order to make it EASIER for them to find us?!" Ryoko yelled.

"Well, ah, it seemed to... move the story along?" Bee-Lushi suggested.

As if on cue, one of the walls smashed apart, sending dust and debris
flying across the room.  When it settled, the Bee gang looked up and
found the very object of the discussion, as their hated foe quickly
emerged from her vehicle.

"Indigo Wonder Tsunami:S!" the four drones cried in unison.

"Aw, crap!" Noboyuki sulked.

"The jig is up, Queen Bee!" Tsunami shouted.  "Versatile Mobile
Cabbit:R!  Transform into Kung-Fu Style!  Operation: Interference!"

At once Mobile Cabbit shifted in shape and size from her car form into
an adult female in a green martial arts uniform.  "Oh, YEAH!  It's on
now, suckas!"

"You're no match for my hive!" The Queen Bee shouted.  "Destroy them!"

"Are you on CRACK?" Mike asked.  "She was a freakin' CAR a second ago!
And now she's got karate power or something?  What the hell are WE
supposed to do?  Whack her with these stupid antenna?"

"Aw, don't worry!" Mobile Cabbit quipped, grabbing Mike by the shirt
and knocking his legs out from under him with a kick.  "You've won a
free trip!"  She then took him in her arms and threw him over her head
through a glass window pane and out over the horizon.  "Have a nice
fall!"

"I regret nothiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnng!" Mike screamed as he went flying
into the distance.

"Buck up, gang!" Amagasake said to rally the troops.  "I'm sure that
as long as we keep attacking one at a time, we'll wear 'em out sooner
or later!"  He slipped behind Tsunami and locked her into a full
nelson, wrapping his arms under her armpits and clasping his fat
fingers down on the base of her neck.  "Yeah!  Leverage RULES!"

"Impressive..." Tsunami noted, trying to struggle free of his grip.
"But you seem to have forgotten the counter to that particular
hold..."  she reached her finger to her mouth and moistened the end,
then stuck it into his ear.  "The Wet Willy!"

Taken off guard by the playground tactic, Amagasake released the hold
to dry out his ear, only to be met with a gloved fist in his face for
his trouble.  "Two down, partner," Tsunami cheered.  "Let's see about
making it three!"  She turned to Kagato to strike him down next.

"Not the face!  Not the face!" he whimpered!

Tsunami shrugged and lowered the aim of her fist to give him a shot to
the gut.  "No!  Not there!" Kagato pleaded.  "I have a very sensitive
stomach!"

"Um... why don't you just lie down quietly until the police arrive,
then?" Tsunami offered.

"Well... a-all right," Kagato sniffled, taking a seat on the floor and
lying back as if he were unconscious.

"Four's a crowd!" Mobile Cabbit added, changing her left hand into a
giant vice and ensnaring Noboyuki in it before he could flee.  "But
I'm sure we can _squeeze_ ya in?  Get it?"

"Uh, no," Noboyuki replied. "But I give up anyway."

"I TOLD you you wouldn't get away with this," Tenchi smirked.

"Yeah, and _I_ told you those guys weren't even worth the effort of
testing my pollen," the Queen Bee retorted.  "Well, I'm screwed.
Bee-Lushi, why don't you do something desperate, foul up, and fall
flat on your face, and we can call this a wrap?"

"Wait!" the worker bee objected.  "We haven't seen Indigo Wonder use
her magic Lightning Sword of Freedom!"

"Uh... yeah?" the Queen Bee said.  "So?"

"SO, she has to use it!  It wouldn't be a complete adventure if she
didn't!"

"The kids do like the sword, I.W.," Mobile Cabbit added.  "Come on,
just for posterity's sake."

Tsunami wavered for a moment, her hand poised over the hilt of her
weapon as if waiting for the right moment.  "I--I can't," she said.
"It might be dangerous...  I..."

Without warning, she was suddenly awash in energy, and when it
dispersed, she was a child again, back in her normal play clothes.
"Washuu's carrot!  Its power must have worn off!"

"Sasami?" Bee-Lushi asked.  "That's your secret identity?  But how did
I know your name...?"

"And Washuu..." the Queen Bee mused.  "I feel like I've heard that
name before... just who are you, anyway, kid?"

"No... no!"  Sasami shouted.  "I have to get out of here!  Find Washuu
and Supe!  Something's gone wrong!"  And the little girl raced out the
hole in the wall and out of sight.

"Supe?" the Queen Bee asked.  "Who in... of COURSE!"

"What is it, your majesty?  I'm still not following," Bee-Lushi asked.

She took her by the arms and shook her.  "Don't you get it, Mihoshi!
I'm Ryoko! That was Sasami!  And her," she stopped to point at Mobile
Cabbit, and reached out with her mind to the furry humanoid.

"Hey, what're you doin'?" Mobile Cabbit demanded.  She closed her eyes
under Ryoko's glare, and shook her head as if coming out of a trance.
  "Ry...oko?  What happened?  And why am I wearing clothes?"

"Good to have you back, pal," Ryoko smiled.  "Don't you remember now,
Mihoshi?  The five of us got broadsided by that jerk Legion!  He must
have done this to us, whatever 'this' is... and now Sasami's gone to
find someone named Supe!  As in 'Superman'?"

"We're dreaming..."

"What?"  Ryoko asked.

"This is a dream," Mihoshi said softly.  "It seems real, and we're all
sharing it somehow, but it can't be real.  I can understand what
Ryo-Oh-Ki is saying, and somehow I knew that Sasami's sword was
important for some reason.  And now it's like you just you broke the
illusion.  One minute we were all characters in a TV show, and now
we're turning off the set to do something else.  Something's affecting
our minds.  It has to be."

"Ohhh...kayyy.  I don't know how the hell you pieced all that
together, but I don't care," Ryoko said. "How do we wake up, Sherlock?"

"Well, we already have. Sort of," Mihoshi guessed.  "I mean, it's like
we're all inside each other's fantasies.  I always dream about all of
us being together in Tenchi's house like good friends. And that must
be what brought all of us together just now.  And confronted with
that, we had to accept that we weren't who we thought we were."  She
smiled proudly.  "Yeah, that makes sense!"

"OK, so that covers you," Ryoko agreed.  "So what's my innermost
desire?"

"Your Highness?" Kagato called from the floor.  "Should I let the
prisoner go so we can surrender to the authorities?  Or did we win?"

"There's still time to get the candlewax ready," Amagasake offered.

"This is _highly_ irregular," Tenchi groused in his chair.  "And yet,
strangely invigorating..."

"A-heh... let's just not discuss it," Ryoko chuckled as her face
reddened considerably.  "So that leaves Ryo-Oh-Ki, and she just wants
to eat carrots and hang out with Sasami, so that's handled; Sasami,
and she seems to have this whole dashing heroine thing going on; and
Superman, and we don't even know where he is."

"Not quite, partner!" Ryo-Oh-Ki announced.  "I can find our friend in
no time!" She began to transform back into a car.  "Hop in and I'll
see if I can remember how to fly in this shape!"

***
[interlude three]

He fell for about two minutes before it occurred to him that he might
be able to halt his descent.  Willing his body to defy gravity, he
stopped, and hung suspended in the darkness.

And then he found the darkness receding as a spotlight shone down upon
him.  Before, Superman might have used his super senses to check the
light source for any clue that might have led to his escape.  Now,
that seemed like an exercise in futility.  He didn't know much, but he
knew enough to determine that he was just a rat in a maze in Legion's
eyes, and the only way out of this illusion would be to go through him.

"Charming atmosphere, wouldn't you say?"  Superman turned to find an
all-too familiar face approaching him from behind.  "Like an
interrogation room in an old war movie.  Reminiscent of more brutal
methods of extracting information.  Not my style, really."

He was about six feet tall, black suit of the post-B13 Metropolis
fashion, and a charming, insincere smile that made up for the
featureless surface of his bald head.

"Luthor," Superman sneered.

"Mr. President, my good man," Lex retorted.  "And if you can't show me
the proper respect to call me that, the least you could do is not
interrupt."

Obviously this was some kind of trick.  Even if Legion had somehow
captured the real Lex Luthor, he'd be as mad as a wet hen right about
now.  Otherwise, it was a convincing doppelganger.

"As I was saying," Luthor wet on, "I've found it to be far more
productive to control information as opposed to squeezing it out from
someone else.  A television station here, a newspaper there, a
diseased clone to take the fall for certain... legal matters.  After a
while the masses are so convinced by the charade that they'll do
anything for you.  Like when you ask them to pull a certain lever in a
voting booth.  All to happy to comply."

"I can put up with Luthor's gloating in the real world, Legion!"
Superman shouted.  "And if reminding me he's the President of the
United States is supposed to be your big plan, you're a little behind
on the times!"

"Typically, you miss the point, alien," Luthor smirked.  "You see, I
wouldn't even BE the President without you.  Oh, you like to believe
in your precious humanity, that they'd naturally refuse to elect me to
the highest office in the land, but the fact is that you don't
understand humanity at all, do you?  I've said that all along, but now
I have the electoral ballots to prove it.  And through it all, you
were the only person who could have possibly stopped me, but you chose
to place your faith in the people of Earth.  Well, don't be so
surprised that we refuse to jump through your hoops on command,
Superman.  The fact is, the better man won.  You just don't want to
understand that."

"And I'm supposed to have killed him to stop him from becoming
President?" Superman asked.  "I told you, Zod, I don't operate that
way!  I may have killed you because I had no other alternative, but
that doesn't entitle me to use my powers to interfere with the human
race!"

"Why didn't you just run against him, Kent?" another voice growled.
Before Superman could react, he felt a blast of radiation wash over
him from behind, and he fell to the ground like a stone.  He rolled
over to see who had hit him, and once again he found the face of a
dead man.

"Kenny," he groaned.  "Kenny Braverman."

"Yeah, good ol' Kenny, Clark.  Always second place because of you.
Everything I ever did growing up I always came up short.  Maybe it was
because you were soaking up all that yellow sunlight that made you
just a hair faster in track meets, or maybe it was because I was sick
from being exposed to all that Kryptonite radiation when your stinking
ship touched down the same night I was born.  All I know is your whole
'Superman doesn't interfere' garbage didn't apply to high school,
'buddy'.  Hell, when my metagene was activated and I turned into this
Green-K spewing freak, I realized you'd been ruining my life from the
day you were born!  But did you do anything about it?  No, you just
gawked while I hit critical mass and exploded in the middle of nowhere."

"That didn't give you the right to try to destroy my personal life as
Conduit, Kenny!  You and your organization had a lot more in mind than
just getting revenge on me, for that matter," Superman objected.  "If
you'd come to me with your problems instead of becoming consumed by
your own bitterness maybe I could have--"

"Helped, Superman?  As you helped me to an early grave?"

Superman slowly rose to his feet to face the third man, a dead ringer
for himself, save for whole portions of his body replaced with
mechanical parts.  "Had it not been for the alien radiations emanated
by your Eradicator artifact, the _Excalibur_ would never have crash
landed and my crew wouldn't have been mutated into twisted parodies of
human beings.  And while I desperately sought a solution, the sickness
transformed me into a being of pure energy, capable of inhabiting and
controlling any form of technology.  Furious, I left Earth and
returned to destroy it in your name, hoping to ruin your legacy just
as you had wiped out my life.  Indeed, I would HAPPILY dare to match
Zod's crimes, Superman, but in my case you simply CAN'T kill me.  Not
permanently, at any rate.  In the end, it will be Hank Henshaw, the
dreaded Cyborg, who stands victorious over your broken corpse, and all
because you wanted a little piece of Krypton on your mantle."

"Make all the threats you want, Cyborg!" Superman replied.  "Even if
you are immortal, I can keep defeating you over and over if need be!
The REAL Cyborg, and not this illusion, Legion."

"My point precisely," Legion replied, stepping out of the shadows and
revealing himself to Superman.  "You won't be able to oppose these men
or any other enemies you may have on Earth.  Not trapped in this
fantasy world as you are.  That's the irony of it, I suppose."

"What's that?" Superman asked.

"In refusing to destroy these other beings, you only allowed them to
wreak untold destruction and suffering upon your world.  But by
executing Zod and his fellows, you delivered yourself into my hands.
And I promise you that you will never return."

[interlude ends]

***

Everything had turned out so wrong.  She was losing control.  She
could feel it happening.

More than anything, she just wanted to run away, hide somewhere dark
and warm and never risk hurting anyone again.  Before, it had seemed
slightly possible that she could just live a normal life like anyone
else.  Switching identities as the situation warranted.

It wouldn't work.  She could see that now.  She knew...instinctively
somehow, that as she used her powers more and more, she would become
more accustomed to the identity of Indigo Wonder Tsunami:S.  But
drawing the sword... somehow that seemed like opening the floodgates.
  Like everything that made her Sasami would be washed away forever,
leaving someone else.  Better, worse, or otherwise, the point was that
she'd never know for sure, and she'd be powerless to stop it.  It was
that unknown quantity that frightened her.  And she had to find
someone who could give her some answers.

"Sasami, where have you been?" Ayeka demanded as she came racing into
the house, slamming the door shut behind her.  She didn't stop to
answer, she just kept running.  Through the hallway, up the stairs,
and finally into Washuu's room.

"There you are, you little pest," Ryoko grinned.  "We were waiting for
you to show up."

She looked around and saw the wall-door had been forced open, and
Washuu and Supe were standing in the corner with worried looks on
their faces.  On the other side of the room, Ryoko, Mihoshi, and
Ryo-Oh-Ki stood there calm and relaxed.

"They... they just busted in here with Mobile Cabbit!" Supe exclaimed.
  "Great Scott, Sasami, I don't know what they want!"

"Yeah, we've been trying to convince Superman here that he's stuck in
this dream with the rest of us," Mihoshi explained.  "But he won't
understand."

"Maybe you should eat another super-carrot now, Sasami," Washuu
suggested.  "Before it gets... ugly in here."

"Why do you keep calling me that!?" Supe screamed.  "My name is Supe
R. Mann!  I'm a scientist!  I have a family, friends, a normal life!
How could a mild-mannered guy like me be the person you're talking
about?"

"Yeah, we're full of crap, huh?" Ryoko sneered.  "Look at yourself.
Your costume's showing under your street clothes.  Did you even TRY to
tuck that cape in?"

He looked at himself and shook his head.  "No.  You're just trying to
confuse me.  You want to use me to get at Sasami!  Well, it won't work!"

"Look, Cowboy, I don't know what your problem is here, but you can't
bury yourself in your fantasy now!  We have to get out of this mess!"
Ryoko insisted.

"Yeah, and if Ryoko can't make love to a man under the influence of
drugs while a bunch of people in bee costumes watch, then it wouldn't
be fair to let you have _your_ fondest wish!" Mihoshi added.

"Shut u-u-up..." Ryoko muttered.

"No!  I'm not Superman!  Me... I'm Supe R. Mann.  That's me... me..."

Ryoko sighed.  "We don't have time for this!" Raising her arms, she
created a globe of energy in her hands and threw it at Supe's body.
He didn't even try to avoid it, instead letting the blast wash over
him, incinerating his outer clothing as he kept rambling to himself.
When the smoke cleared, all that was left was his costume, slightly
burned by the attack, his skin turned a ghostly shade of pale.

"Me... me... AM Su-per-man!" he howled, as if he's stumbled on the
secret of the universe itself.  "Me MUST be Superman, because me am
not BIZARRO!"

Ryoko stared at him in shock and looked to Mihoshi.  "This is SO not
my fault..." she said over a quivering lip.

"I don't get it!" Mihoshi whimpered. "The rest of us are fine...
what's happened to him?"

Before they could question it further, Bizarro inhaled deeply and blew
a burst of flame from his mouth.  They leaped out of the way and
looked to see the carpet catch fire where they had once stood.  "Me
very upset that Ryoko and Mee-ho-shee not help Bizarro forget who me
am!" the creature bellowed.  "Now me can help Ryoko and Mee-ho-shee
with whatever problem they have!"

"Don't do us any favors, you freak!" Ryoko screeched, leaping onto
Bizarro in a frenzy.  "I don't know what you've done to Superman, but
you'll pay for it, you hear!?  You HEAR ME!!?"

"Bizarro hear friend Ryoko very badly," he said calmly.  "But me very
terrified of Ryoko's threats anyway."  With a wave of his hand, she
went flying across the room, and hit the wall head first with a
sickening thud.

Now he looked at Mihoshi.  "Um... you have the right to remain
silent?" she squeaked.

"Ha ha ha ha!  You am very funny, Mee-ho-shee!  Bizarro make sure that
not written on your tombstone!"

Sasami simply watched the horror unfold, as Ryo-Oh-Ki tried to come to
Mihoshi's aid, only to get tossed aside as well.  Ryoko recovered to
try again, but the monster unleashed a blast of cold from his eyes and
froze her in a block of ice.

"It's not a pretty sight, is it?" Washuu asked calmly.

"Do something, Washuu!" Sasami pleaded.

"I already have," she replied, holding out the super-carrot she had in
her hand. "Ball's in your court now."

"I--I can't!" Sasami objected.  "You don't understand, if I become
Tsunami, then..."

"Then what?" Washuu asked.  "You're not quite sure, are you?  Oh,
you'll be powerful enough to stop Bizarro there, but at what price?
For all you know you might turn into something as bad as he is.  Maybe
worse."

She looked at the carrot with terrified eyes, and then back at the
battle.

Washuu sighed.  "Let me put this into perspective for you.  You're
slowly growing up to become something new.  Something different.
Something powerful.  You're barely aware of this, to the point where
your conscious mind can't even make heads or tails of it.

"To that end, your UNconscious mind has been slowly coping with the
process through dreams, like this one.  They're quite strange and
unsettling, I'm sure."

Sasami nodded slowly.  She hadn't known this before, but as Washuu
spoke it all seemed as if she was reviewing information she'd always
known.

"Of course, they're dreams, so you can still deal with them.  You wake
up, get a glass of water, and everything's fine.  But... and here's
the matter at hand... you've been captured by an enemy and locked up
in some kind of collective unconsciousness.  Your friends figured it
out, and they're trying to free themselves by letting the fantasy run
its course.  What they didn't count on was the complex nature of your
dreams, and how they're really nightmares when you get right down to it.

"And you're doing what you always do in the dreams, trying to slowly
adjust to what you're becoming, slowly evolving so you can make a
smooth transition.  But that can't work here, because you're not alone
in your sleepy little head, are ya?  Ryoko and Mihoshi and Ryo-Oh-Ki
and Superman, they've all influenced the dream without realizing it,
and it's sent things spiraling out of control."

"But what can I DO?" Sasami cried. "We can't wake up, and I can't
become Tsunami because it might make things worse!  I'm scared, Washuu!"

"Hey, tell me about it," she replied.  "I AM a manifestation of your
own larger sense of self, y'know.  But look at them over there.  I'm
not the REAL Washuu, of course, but that's conceptually my baby girl
out there trying to claw her way free of this madness.  She's fighting
something that used to be her friend, and she's hoping like hell that
she's even doing the right thing.

"And of course, the REASON he's her friend is because HE flew off a
gajillion miles from his home and 'normal life' to save her, with no
more motivation than it was the right thing to do.  And Mihoshi
doesn't even have her police equipment to fall back on now.  You
admire them because they can harness their great power and still live
like regular people, Sasami.  Don't.  Admire them because they're
willing to sacrifice their comfort and 'normalcy' if it means there's
a chance of making things right.  After all, if you do NOTHING,
they're still doomed.  Maybe all you've got are straws to grasp, but
at least it's SOMETHING. And you're the only one they have left.  Try.
  Please."

Sasami took a deep breath, and pulled the carrot from her hand without
looking at her.  "Do you... do you think they get as scared as I am
right now?"

Washuu smiled grimly at her.  "Every single day, I bet."

And she bit into the carrot.

In the midst of the fray Bizarro had finally gotten the advantage,
choking both girls in either of his powerful hands, his face warped
with a twisted grimace. "Now you have no need for Superman!  And since
he am here, me make sure you live FOREVER!"

"H-hey... Mihoshi...?" Ryoko gurgled.

"Ennnghhh!  Y-yeah?" she answered, trying to pry loose his iron grip.

"Thanks for sticking your neck out for me... I'm sorry it had to end
like this..."

"You--you mean he's gonna KILL us?  Oh mannnn, I thought he meant
Superman was gonna show up and help us out!  I _haaaaate_ this guy!"

"Almost sorry," Ryoko mumbled as Mihoshi began to sob and flail her
legs wildly in panic.

"Let them GO!"

Bizarro turned to find out who was giving the order, and then he
dropped his captives to the ground like sacks of potatoes.  "Haw haw
haw!  Me hold onto friends because me not want to smash you now!  You
am much too strong to stop Bizarro!"

Tsunami grabbed the hilt of her sword in one hand and held the
scabbard tightly in the other.  "I don't know what you are, but I
won't let you hurt them anymore!  No matter what!"  And she ran
towards the twisted parody of a man, drawing the Lightning Sword of
Freedom and leveling it straight for his chest.  Bizarro laughed again
and spat fire at her, but the flames dispersed as they approached the
tip of the sword.  Before he could try anything else, it was too late.
  With a great shove, she plunged the sword directly into the reversed
"S" emblem on his chest.  There was a pitiful gasp from his body, and
then he dropped to his knees, his head drooping limply from his neck.

"Girl am... weaker than... Bizarro! Guess this am... hello..."  And
with that, he disappeared into thin air.

For a moment she just stood there looming over the spot where he had
just been, and the room was silent except for the soft hum of her
sword ionizing the air around its arcane energies.  She looked back to
find Washuu, but she was gone.  On the other hand, Ryoko and Mihoshi
were finally getting back to their feet.

"You have GOT to show me how to do that," Ryoko shouted.  "Kid, that
was incredible!"

"Hoo-leee..." was all Mihoshi could say.

"I, uh... I'm glad you liked it, I guess.  And maybe one day I will
show you, Ryoko," Tsunami sighed, returning the sword back to the
Scabbard of Eternal Vigilance.  "If we ever get back home, that is.  I
may have finished conquering this dreamscape, but that still doesn't
get us out of here."

"And we still don't know what happened to Superman," Ryo-Oh-Ki added,
crawling out from a pile of smashed bricks and drywall.  "Are you
gonna be OK, Eye-Dubya?"

"Just taking it one day at a time, I guess, Ryo-Oh-Ki," Tsunami said
wearily.  She dusted some debris off a chair and took a seat.  "Yeah,
everything's under control..."

Their respite was interrupted by a sudden rumble of thunder.  It
quickly died down and then started again.  There was a rhythm to it,
as if someone had managed to organize the weather or something.  "Does
anyone else hear that?" Tsunami asked.

***

NEXT: Legion Revealed?
