The Inhuman Condition: 3
WASHUU VS. SUPERMAN: THE MAN OF STEEL
by Mike Smith
send questions/comments/whatever to mike_p_smith@hotmail.com

Steel-Bending Disclaimer: This story features Superman and the cast of
the Tenchi Muyo! OAV series, which are trademarks of DC Comics and
AIC/Pioneer LDC, Inc.  You can figure out which bits were whose, I
suspect.  Anyway, this is an unauthorized work, and no profit is being
made on this work by me.  This story is copyright of me.  Download if
you like, but please don't archive it without my permission. Don't be
shy.

Mind-Warping Continuity Note: This story takes place between ACTION
COMICS #773 and SUPERMAN v.2 #164, and sometime after Episode #13 of
the Tenchi Muyo! OAV.

--------------------------------------------------------------------
Original Tenchi Muyo! concept by Masaki Kajishima and Hiroki Hayashi
Superman created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster
--------------------------------------------------------------------

He'd been flying over the city for thirty minutes so far, and nothing.
  Well, nothing new, anyway.  He'd already managed to thwart three
muggings, prevent a traffic accident, and talk down a suicide case
from a thirty story building.  All in a night's work for Superman.

He looked at the city below him and wondered.  Not that long ago, one
of his old enemies, Brainiac, had somehow managed to tap into
futuristic technology and upgrade himself into Brainiac-13.  Using his
increased power, he attempted to assimilate the entire world to match
his advanced self, and although Superman had managed to stop him, the
effect was reversed everywhere except Metropolis.  And now his home
had become a true City of Tomorrow, complete with flying cars, robotic
servitors, and impossibly tall buildings.

He had to admit, at first glance, the Big Apricot looked more like
Krypton than Earth these days.  And from a scientific standpoint, you
could have a field day figuring out how such a rapid change like the
B13 upgrade could have on a large population.  The question now was
where such a scientist would even begin such an investigation.

Superman looked down at the railroad tracks below him and found his
answer.  He could hear the oncoming train shake the rails as it
approached.  The vibrations were... off somehow.  Finally, as the
massive three story train--popularly nicknamed the Rail Whale--
barreled out of the tunnel and passed under him, Superman could see
just what had caught his attention.

It was moving about fifteen miles an hour faster than it was supposed
to.  And it was accelerating.

Superman flew down to the Rail Whale's level and examined the
gargantuan wheels underneath.  Already some of them were beginning to
form imperceptible cracks and tears as they were being pushed past
their normal design limitations.  He moved forward to the engine and
peered in with his X-Ray vision.  There was no engineer inside--the
Rail Whales were operated by computer console at Metropolis Union
Station--but he did find an unfamiliar piece of machinery taped down
to the engine's main computer.  A red light on its face blinked, and
the train suddenly increased its speed by another five miles per hour.

Not for the first time, Superman cursed the B13 upgrade.  It was
hardly as infallible as many liked to think, and since it was years
ahead of its time, no one knew just how much wear and tear the
technology could take.  He said a silent prayer, and propelled himself
ahead of the train, gently slowing until his back was flat against the
face of the front car. And he pushed.

He couldn't risk smashing into the engine room and disabling the
device, since there was no way to know how it was hooked up to the
train.  Superman's only choice was to try to force it to slow down,
hopefully before it came to any sharp turns on the track.

The Rail Whale whined in response to his shoves, and he could feel the
train accelerate against him.  He could hear the motors straining to
turn the wheels faster against the force he was exerting in the other
direction.   All he could do was to keep up the effort, pushing with
as much strength as he thought he could use without damaging the frame
of the front car.

Just as he began to question his tactics, Superman heard a crack from
below.  Then another. And another.  And the train began to slacken its
resistance to him.  He turned towards the train and scanned it with
his X-ray vision.  The motors that turned the wheels had somehow
disengaged, apparently as some sort of routine to keep the motors from
overexerting and becoming damaged.  Now the Rail Whale was in a sort
of neutral mode, rolling along with nothing more than the immense
inertia left over from its great mass and previous speed.  Superman
sighed in relief and dropped down to the track where he started
running to stay ahead of the train.  Then he grabbed the hull of the
giant engine and crushed a pair of handholds into the frame.  Now
dragging the Rail Whale in his hands, he started running for the next
station, trying his best to maintain the normal speed of the route.
At last, when they arrived, he released his grip, and gradually shoved
it to a stop just as it rolled into place.

"This engine has been sabotaged!" he called out to the maintenance
staff.  At once a team of humans and robots rushed out to check the
situation.  Meanwhile, some of the passengers began to disembark from
the train.  Superman flew into one of the cars to check on everyone
still inside.

"Is everyone all right?" he asked.

"Hey! It's Superman!" one of the passengers announced.  A cheer came
up from the group.

"Is something wrong, Superman?" another one asked him.  She held a
small child in her arms who kept reaching out to touch him.

"Yes, there's a problem with the engine, and I imagine you'll have to
get off here so they can make repairs," he explained.

"Attention!  Attention all passengers!" the intercom broke in.  At
once everyone on board looked up to listen to it.  "We apologize for
the delay, but we have completed the removal of the damaged engine,
and have installed a new one onto this train.  However, due to the
nature of the damage, this train actually arrived ahead of schedule,
and this should not interfere with your travel plans.  The Metropolis
Transportation Authority appreciates your patience."

"Replaced the engine?" Superman asked.  He looked out the open door
and saw a large machine lowering a new engine onto the track, then
roll away.  The one he'd dealt with was already on a repair bay, being
looked over by the maintenance crew.

"Wow!  This modern design sure is somethin', huh?" another passenger
commented.  "If this was Chi-town there'd be no telling how long it'd
take to get back on track.  But here in Metropolis the trains actually
speed up when they're busted!"

Superman shook his head in resignation and flew back out of the car.
On the boarding platform, he found the object of his search.

"Washuu!" he shouted, diving down in front of her.  "I want answers!
Now!"

"And I have them!" the deceptively young-looking girl replied
courteously, holding up a flat screen that floated next to her. It
flickered with a series of alien symbols and numbers.  "You see? The
people of this city have acclimated well to their environment.  They
consider their technology so beneficial, that they won't even question
a defect as long as it doesn't affect their convenience.  Of course,
I'll have to run a similar test on a more conventional subway, but I
think it says a lot that the Rail Whale was doing well over 115% of
it's normal cruising speed, and no one was even concerned.  And I
haven't even considered the affect of your presence--"

He grabbed her by the shoulders and shook her slightly.  "Listen to
me!  You can't risk these people's lives just to satisfy your idle
curiosities!"

"I don't see how it's any different from what you do," she challenged.
  "It's not like you don't expose these people to danger every day.
For instance, what if the robots who work in this terminal all went
bezerk?"

The sound of clanking metal echoed in Superman's ears as she finished
the statement.  He spun around in time to see a multitude of robots
stomping around the platform aimlessly, some of them swinging their
arms without caution.  Immediately, the people waiting for the next
train scattered in panic.

"Would you destroy them, and cause untold damage to this station's
maintenance crew?  Or let them run amok so they could wreck anything
in their path?"  Her query was left unanswered as Superman leaped into
a crowd of robots and began punching them with reckless abandon.  A
few started waving their arms at him and hitting him on the back, but
he simply shrugged them off and kicked them aside.  Finally, he ran to
the railing on the edge of the platform and pulled loose the safety
rail, twisting it into a horseshoe formation and gathering up all the
robots into it.  Once he had them all piled together, he bent the
metal rail into a loop and tied it together into a bow.

"Well, I suppose there's less concern over a safety rail than a human
life or expensive equipment," Washuu observed. "But you still walk
into a situation and affect it by your presence.  At least when I do
it, it's deliberate and controlled.  This 'hero' act's gone to your
head."

"What's it going to take to make you stop treating humans like test
subjects?" Superman demanded.

"Ooohhh, is that all that's bugging you?" Washuu asked.  "I confess, I
thought I'd give that roommate of yours a wide berth, but I can
further confine my experiments to... lower life forms, if you like."
She opened another dimensional portal and jumped into it.  "Seeya
around!"

Superman clenched his fists as the portal closed just before he
reached it.  He'd have to start all over again.  The difference was
that he at least had a clue to work with this time.  He took to the
air and sped out of the station tunnel like a missile.

***

All of that had taken place a short time ago, according to what
Superman was telling him now.  Tenchi wasn't sure what was worse.  On
the one hand, Washuu, one of the five aliens living in his home, had
run off to perform a series of inscrutable scientific experiments
using a major Earth city as her research subject, or the fact that her
activity had raised the ire of the most powerful man on the planet,
and he hadn't even told him half of what she'd been up to so far.

"Heh..." he said meekly.  "She did all that, huh?"

The large man in the costume nodded sternly in response.  "And that's
not all.  After I--wait, someone's coming."

Tenchi looked off in the direction he was facing and saw nothing.  He
was about to ask what the other man was talking about, but after a few
seconds he heard her too.

"TENCHI!"

The young woman ran as fast as she could in her long kimono, and when
she finally arrived at the foot of the stone steps where Tenchi stood,
he could see she was carrying a pair of scissors in her hand.

"Lord Tenchi, I wouldn't have come all this way unless I felt this
were a matter of simply the utmost importance, but that--that--" she
stopped in mid-rant to look past him at the large man standing behind
Tenchi.  "Er, excuse me, sir!" she said, her voice suddenly dropping a
few decibels at the sight of an outsider.  "I, er, I don't believe
we've met... are you a friend of Tenchi's?"

"Something like that," Superman said with a smile.

"This is Superman, Ayeka," Tenchi explained, holding out a hand to
present him in a more official manner.  "Superman, this is Princess
Ayeka of the planet Jurai."

Ayeka's face went pale at this introduction, and she glared at Tenchi
with her pink eyes wide open.  "Ahhh... a-heh-heh!  Tenchi, you
shouldn't tell such silly jokes to our guest.  We wouldn't want him to
get the wrong idea, now would we?  Such a flight of fancy, that I
would be from another--"

"He knows..." Tenchi muttered to her.

"He knows?!" Ayeka gasped.

"He knows..." Superman shrugged.  "Some of it anyway.  I was just
filling in the gaps with Tenchi before you showed up.  I wouldn't be
worried, Your Highness.  I'm from another planet myself, as a matter
of fact.  I hope you're finding your stay on Earth to your liking?"

"It... certainly doesn't get dull, I have to say," Ayeka said with a
forced chuckle.  She started to relax a little and then she remembered
what she'd come out her for in the first place.  "Oh, of all the times
to meet a visitor NOW, in the disheveled state I'm in!  That woman
must be having a hearty laugh knowing I'm embarrassing myself in this
way!"

"Ayeka, what's the problem?" Tenchi asked.  "You look fine."

"THIS," she shouted, turning around to reveal a long, knotted tangle
of purple hair dangling from her head, "is the problem!"

Tenchi examined the disaster and looked back at Superman, who was
trying his best to hold back a smile.  "What happened?" was all he
could ask.

"That monster happened," Ayeka raved.  "I cannot believe that she
would stoop to such a level!  We were watching soap operas on the
television, and there was an actress with braided hair, so we got to
talking and she offered to do mine in the same fashion!"

"Demon?" Superman asked.

"Mmm-hmmm..." Tenchi nodded.  He'd already explained how Ryoko had
joined their little group, as well as a quick summary of her reckless
ways.  Of course, it was a confusing relationship between the two of
them.  Just by looking, he couldn't tell if Ryoko had sabotaged
Ayeka's hair on purpose, or if she honestly didn't know what she was
doing and simply refused to admit it. Or she was drunk at the time.
Ayeka had a remarkable tolerance for liquor, and occasionally forgot
that her fellow housemates couldn't keep up with her own sobriety.
"Listen, Ayeka, maybe you should go back to the house and we can
figure out something when I'm finished with Superman, OK?  I'm sure it
was all just a big misunderstanding--"

"I will NOT take this indignity lightly, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka insisted.
  She held up the scissors and clipped the blades twice in her hand.
"This calls for swift and uncompromising justice... let the punishment
fit the crime."

Tenchi slapped his forehead and tried his best to drive away from his
mind images of Ryoko and Ayeka chasing each other around the house
with razor blades and cans of shaving cream, blue and purple hair
strewn across the floor in their wake.  It was so vivid that he almost
didn't hear Superman speak up.

"Um, it may not be my place to say this," he offered, "but what if I
could just defuse this conflict before it escalates any further?"

"Well--well what can YOU do?" Ayeka asked.

"You'd be surprised," he said with a smile.  "Just hold still, OK?"

She did as he asked, and in a blur of red and blue he sped behind her
back and Tenchi looked on in astonishment as the mangled portion of
Ayeka's hair was caught up in the miniature whirlwind Superman had
created.  Ayeka shuddered in discomfort for a few moments, but when it
was all over she turned around to find Superman standing triumphantly
before her, holding out his hands to present his handiwork.  "How'd I
do?" he asked modestly.

"Looks all right to me," Tenchi nodded as he examined the end result.
  Ayeka's prized locks hung in two symmetrical ponytails as they
always had.  "Of course, it's not braided anymore, but you can live
with that, right, Ayeka?"

She reached around and drew one of the long strands in front of her to
see for herself.  "Why, it's as if nothing was ever wrong with it!
But how--?"

"It's just a matter of untying dozens of minuscule knots in a hurry,"
Superman replied.  "No harm, no foul. Right, Princess?"

She sighed.  "Well, I suppose there's nothing left to be upset over,"
she conceded.  "I might as well return home, then.  It was very nice
meeting you, Mr. Superman.  And thank you for everything."

Once she had safely walked out of earshot, Tenchi wiped his brow in
relief and sat down on the steps.  "Man, I was sure she'd tear the
whole countryside apart before she settled down.  I appreciate it,
Superman."

"Does that sort of thing come up often?" he asked.

"You might say that," Tenchi groaned.  "Sometimes I think I'm the only
thing standing in the way of an all-out war with those two.  Still,
every once in a while they manage to get along.  It's like the eye of
a hurricane, though."

"What's her story?" Superman asked.

"Well, the legend of the shrine I unsealed involved a samurai who
trapped the demon in that cave seven hundred years ago.  She's his
fiancee."

"Is that a fact?" Superman mused.  "Hmmm... doesn't look a day over
two hundred."

"Juraians have longer lifespans than humans," Tenchi said.

"I'd gathered that," Superman smiled.  "Just making a joke.  I do that
sometimes."

Tenchi felt an uncomfortable warmth in his face.  Of course.  He was
kidding.  He wasn't even out of high school, and he already felt like
he was getting too old for this.

"So this samurai would still be alive after all this time," Superman
suggested.  "He might take issue with the way she was looking at you
just now..."

"Uh, yeah, well...It's complicated.  See, she's his sister, too,"
Tenchi explained.

"Uh-huh."

"Half-sister, actually," Tenchi added quickly.  "And you can do that
on Jurai, you see.  Marry your own relatives.  At least, that's what
she told me."

"Right."

"I mean, it's not like Earth, you know." Tenchi added.  "Things are
different for them."

"Tenchi, on my homeworld, a thousand year war was fought over an
aristocrat who tried to have her son married to a clone of herself.
It indirectly led to the destruction of the entire planet.  I'm hardly
in a position to question other people's mores concerning
intermarriage.  If Jurai's still in one piece, I'd say they know what
they're doing."

"Oh.  Sorry," Tenchi squeaked.  "It's just that I never had to explain
all this before. I wasn't sure what kind of reaction it would get."

"So how did all these aliens become players in a human legend?"
Superman asked.

"Well, you see," Tenchi said, clearing his throat, "Yosho was half
human, and that made for a tricky political situation, since he was
next in line to become the king.  And since he figured Jurai's loyalty
would become divided between him and Ayeka--who's full-Jurai--he
figured on leaving the planet and settling down on Earth."

"Let me guess," Superman interrupted.  "He finds out about the
space-pirate, leaps into the sky after her, and fights her all the way
to Earth, leaving his betrothed back home to clean the dirty dishes
until he gets back."

"Yeah, pretty much," Tenchi agreed.  "Only he never returned, and
Ayeka spent the last seven hundred years looking for him, along with
their little sister Sasami. It wasn't until I unsealed the shrine that
she was able to track him down to Earth, and to make a long story
short--"

"He's your grandfather," Superman concluded.  "And after he concocted
the legend of the samurai and the demon to keep the locals from the
truth, he settled down and adopted the guise of a simple shrinekeeper
who teaches his grandson swordfighting in his spare time."

"I'm impressed," Tenchi whistled.  "How did you--?  Oh, right, the
super-vision.  I keep forgetting."

"Your grandfather also gave it away with those fancy fighting moves of
his.  I haven't seen anything quite like that on Earth," Superman
replied, pointing to his left temple.  "And he doesn't need those
glasses he wears, and that raised a red flag... My only question is
how he's become an old man after all this time, but his sister still
looks like a high school yearbook photo."

"Well, I'm not quite sure on that, actually," Tenchi admitted.
"Change in the environment, maybe?  Something to do with the space
trees that Juraians use.  When his crashed here, it took root in the
soil, and that might have affected his life force, right?"

"Don't look at me," Superman chided.  "I'm not the crown prince.  I'm
asking you."

He scratched the back of his head and sighed.  "Well, y'know I just
found out about all this stuff myself not too long ago.  I'm kind of
surprised I've managed to sort it out as well as I have.  It's kind of
weird to think about, you know?"

"Actually, I can relate," Superman nodded.  "Still, one of these days
you'll find yourself in a situation where you'll need to know these
things.  Burying your head in the sand when the hard truths come
along... well, that attitude was what destroyed my own people. I'd
hate to see the same thing happen again, all right?"

"I suppose that's how you were able to find Little Washuu so quickly,
right?" Tenchi asked.  It was kind of an obvious ploy to change the
subject and get the microscope off himself, but at this point he was
getting desperate.

If Superman caught onto his discomfort, he didn't let on.  "As a
matter of fact, it did.  I don't know where Professor Washuu comes
from, but in Metropolis, there's only a few places you can go for the
kind of test subjects she had in mind...

***

It didn't take long to find what he wanted.  He just followed the
sounds of animals screeching.  The Metropolis Zoo.

Superman was met at the gate by a tyrannosaurus rex.  It was already
straddling the fence and eyeing the rest of the town hungrily.

"Great.  Just great," Superman groaned.  He looped around the dinosaur
and hung just out of the reach of it's powerful jaws.  It snapped at
him, but missed, and the giant reptile was forced to climb back inside
the zoo to chase its new prey.  Superman quickly raced for the
interior of the zoo, looking for the first large cage he could find.
It didn't take long to track down just the thing: one of the B-13
modified environment cells with a shattered Plexiglas screen.
Superman dove inside and waved his cape to keep the creature's
attention, and once it was lured inside, he rushed back out and
started picking up the fragments of Plexiglas on the ground.  In a
flash of super-speed, he assembled them all back into place, using his
heat vision to melt the shards back into a single sheet.  It wouldn't
stop the tyrannosaurus from escaping again, but it would hold him off
long enough to assemble a more effective barrier.

Washuu came from out of the bushes nearby to find him bending safety
railing into an "X" shape over the window. "What IS it you have
against railing, anyway?" she asked.  "And while I'm at it, what's the
big idea messing up my work?"

Superman welded the last connection into place and sped to her side in
an eyeblink.  "Your 'work' is a hazard to everyone living in this
city," he pointed at the sign on the envrio-cell, which read "LION".
"Care to tell me what you hoped to accomplish changing big cats into
extinct animals?"

"I have my reasons," Washuu answered defensively.  "But if you keep
locking them back up in their cages, I'll never finish!  It makes me
wonder if you aren't just a HAIR jealous of my expertise on this
matter, Kal-El."

"I don't CARE what you think," Superman fumed.  "These people trust me
to defend their lives, and I won't stand by while you endanger them
like this."

"If that's the way you feel about it," Washuu replied.  Without
warning a ball of orange energy formed in her hand, then shifted into
the shape of a staff.  She grasped it in both hands and struck him
across the leg with it.

Nothing happened.

"I hope that was your idea of a joke," Superman declared, crossing his
arms across his chest.  "Now why don't you come along quietly for a
change--"

She looked down at the energy blade she'd just used, and chuckled
nervously.  Just then another portal opened up behind her and she
leaped after it without missing a beat.  "Gotta go!" Washuu laughed.

***

Washuu found herself in the middle of the park.  She was ahead of
schedule for this stop, but with that blasted man wrecking her
experiments, it'd take all night and all morning just to get caught
up.  "Lousy Kryptonians," she muttered, shivering as a gust of night
air blew over her. "Always thinking they know it all."

"I resent that," she heard from behind her.  Washuu spun around and
found a familiar man in red and blue waiting patiently for her.
"Don't look so shocked.  This time I got a chance to look at the
inside of that portal of yours with my X-ray vision.  Not enough heavy
metals to be a residential or industrial area.  So I guessed the park,
and here you are."

Washuu just widened her eyes and growled in irritation.  "Well, let's
do it your way, then."  She took his hand in hers.  "Better?" she asked.

"Better," he said.

"That's nice."  Suddenly she jerked back on his hand and grabbed him
by the trunks of his costume, then threw him into a nearby bridge over
a creek.

Superman emerged from the brook in seconds, tossing off a bent piece
of steel from his shoulders.  "You're pushing it," he snarled. His
roar was cut short when he looked out and couldn't find Washuu.
"Where did she--?"

"Now let's see if we can't make you a little more easy-going, eh?"
Washuu said, floating above the brook behind Superman.  Before he
could react, she clamped down her hand onto his exposed neck, and a
painful energy coursed through his body.  He screamed in agony.

Astonishingly, Washuu whimpered out as well.  "Some--kind--of
feedback!" she shouted, then flew back onto the land with a jolt of
electricity.

Slowly Superman recovered and levitated out of the water.  He was
still woozy from the attack, but without knowing the exact nature of
Washuu's power, he wasn't certain if she hadn't caught the worst of
it.  A quick scan of the area showed her lying prone against a tree
trunk, smoke wafting up from her hands and face.

"Miscalculated," she coughed, wiping soot from her eyes.  "Figured
your cells would be roiling with energy, but I had no idea your
biochemistry was so..."

"You can tell it to the authorities," Superman replied. "After you
undo the chaos you've set in motion."  Already he could hear sirens
wailing in the background approaching the park.  With luck they could
find a way to keep her locked up for a while and he could still get a
few hours sleep before work tomorrow.

A smirk on her face suggested otherwise.  "I can see now that I have
to reconsider my procedure," she said.  "If you won't let me
experiment on the city, maybe I'll just see how the city gets along
without you..."

Superman lunged for her, but his hand passed harmlessly through her.
Washuu's image then flickered and disappeared, leaving nothing but a
tiny electric gadget on the ground.  He sighed and cursed himself
internally, realizing that she must have placed a holographic
projector and left during the moment she was out of his sight.  Now
he'd have to start all over again.

But from the sound of it, she'd be coming for him.

***

"Wait," Tenchi interrupted.  "Without you?  You mean that was why she
locked you up in the lab downstairs?"

"Exactly," Superman replied.  "I don't know how she found out about
it, but she managed to exploit my weaknesses and defeated me a lot
more easily than I'd like to admit.  Of course, it's one thing to
understand that she's a super-scientist with centuries of experience
and awesome power, but when you're confronted with a little girl
giggling mischievously at you like that, I suppose I underestimated
her from the way she'd been toying with me."

"Aw, man," Tenchi said.  "I really can't believe this.  I mean, if you
took me over there, maybe I could calm her down.  Or we could get
Ryoko and maybe--"

"Ryoko?" Superman said suddenly.

"Yeah," Tenchi answered.  "She's the demon I told you about before.
See, as it turned out, she was actually one of Washuu's inventions
who--"

"Great Scott," Superman gasped. "Tenchi I've MET this Ryoko person if
I understand you right.  And I don't know how to tell you this... but
I was forced to destroy her!"

***

"Lessee, Almerac, Apokalips, X'vyv'x, Rann, Colu, Oa, Thanagar... they
all got some piece o' the Earth-pie.  You'd think they ran tourism ads
or somethin'."

Nagi sipped her beer and shook her head.  If what this man was telling
her was true, things would be a lot more complicated than she'd
originally thought.  "What you're telling me then," she said, "is that
it's gotten too hot for you.  Am I right?"

The fat yellow man shrugged his shoulders and held up a pair of long
thin arms.  "Hot's a relative term, after all.  I'm just sayin' the
going rate for a trip to scenic Earth isn't cheap these days.  Time
was, all you hadda worry about was the debris floating around the
planet left over from their Mickey Mouse space program.  Now you set
foot in the stratosphere and suddenly eight guys in tights want your
passport or somethin'.  Mebbe you ain't noticed, but I don't have yer
tastes in whips and big knives.  For that kinda risk, it's gonna cost
you."

"Let me explain myself to you," Nagi said quietly, looking the man
straight in the eye.  "Somewhere along the way, my usual mode of
transportation started to get sick.  I made it to a space station just
before it lost cohesion altogether, and we've been hitching rides from
point to point all the way to here, where they tell me you're the only
cabbie in the sector who'll take a girl to Earth no questions asked."

"Sick?" he asked, bobbing his head in confusion. "You mean like some
kinda space tree rig?  Wouldna figured you for Jurai, but now that ya
bring it up, them face markings remind me of a guy--"

"No questions asked..." Nagi sighed, taking another swig.  "Now after
all I've been dealing with along the way, and against all the
opposition you've been saying I'll be up against, do you really think
that a price tag is going to keep me from what I'm after?  Name it."

"Seven seventy-five, junior," he said in a casual, practiced tone.
Somehow Nagi was starting to wonder if this amount was any different
from the any other rate he'd set for his services.

"Two hundred now," Nagi offered, "and nine hundred more when we get
back.  Provided you make a side-trip to pick up a second passenger."

He rolled his eyes and started tapping the fingers on his right hand
with one on his left, figuring up the profit.  "I can live with that.
  Shows you have some brains underneath that big black raincoat you
got on, and the credits to go with it.  Who'd you have in mind?"

"I only know him by reputation," Nagi muttered.  "But the word is that
he's a... colleague.  Someone who knows his way around the planet.
Someone who might keep the guys in tights off my back long enough to
get what I want.  You may know him, we'll go over that part later, but
from what I hear we just have to check all the watering holes like
this one..." she gestured around the booth they were sitting at and
pointed out the dimly lit atmosphere.  "I suggest we get going before
he gets too soused to be of any use to me.  Agreed?"

"You got yerself a driver, lady," he nodded.  "One thing I don't get
though.  Let's say we find your guy, and we make it to Earth, and
whatcher lookin' for ain't there.  Then what?"

"Mr. K'raamdyn," Nagi growled, "I've been trying to answer that very
same question for a good seven hundred years.  For your sake, as well
as anyone around me... let's just hope it doesn't come to that."

Confronted with this, the scaly jaundiced man started to quiver in
terror and blubber in his native tongue.  Nagi smiled at his display
and simply sipped her drink.

NEXT: Achilles Heel
