Credits: Tenchi Muyo!/No Need For Tenchi is a product of  
Pioneer/AIC. As such, I'm getting no compensation for writing this 
fiction other than my own enjoyment, because the thought of getting 
sued is rather unpleasant.

James O'Barr for his contemporary conceptualization of ancient myth 
as seen in "The Crow".  Aside from the actual bird, no specific events 
or characters from his graphic novel have been used in this story.

Disclaimer:  All characters *I* have created are purely a work of 
fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is pure coincidence.  
Anyone who thinks otherwise is probably just itching for a fight.  
Also, please do not try and distribute this story in some lame attempt 
to make a buck; it would be bad karma to say the least.


Comments and Criticisms appreciated!
Send them to Michael McAvoy (mmcavoy@ejourney.com)
http://members.xoom.com/mmcavoy/



                              Tenchi Muyo!
                          "Iniquitous Angel"

                    A Fan-Fiction by Michael McAvoy



	I used to believe in a lot of things when I was very little. a 
lot of things that made sense to me back then.  They were simple 
ideas, but now I am not so sure of them anymore.  Maybe I will not be 
sure ever again.  It is so hard to tell.

	Even now, the memories are fading.  The ache and the hurt 
are getting more and more dull.  Sometimes... sometimes I think that 
is a good thing.  After all, we are not meant to remember pain.  We 
can remember that we were in pain and still feel the edges of it, but the 
clarity and sharpness of hurt and suffering fall away from most of us 
in time.  Yes, it is a good thing, but with the pain also goes my fond 
memories of them... of him...

	I still miss you so.  I wish you would not fade, but I know you 
must...

	Sister Ayeka feels the same, but she tries to be brave about it, 
making a mask of happiness I know she can not feel.  At least, I hope 
she does not feel so happy as she pretends. I do not want to believe
that sister could forget so easily, but it is hard to know with her.  I try 
to talk with her about what went on in the palace, but... but she only 
gets angry and walks away from me.  I guess she really does want the 
memories to fade as fast as they can.

	And Tsunami has no answers for me.  I can reach into myself 
and find her there, silent and troubled by my questions.  She has no 
answers... and I think that bothers her more than it does me.  
Tsunami's silence opens a window of understanding, though, that 
maybe she is not all knowing and powerful as we give her credit for.  
Because what happened to me... what happened to them... it was all 
beyond her realm of control.  Something that moved from Earth to 
Jurai... not by science or by an energy, but by some mysterious spirit 
outside of our normal perception.

	Something universal.

	Something ancient.

	I never thought I would see you again, and I know we will 
never meet again in this life, but I want to think we will all be together 
again after I am done here.  But... it is such a long time for me, so 
many years.  I wonder if I will be able to remember you when my time 
is done?  If I can keep the love in my heart for you both forever, then 
maybe we will all be reunited again... somewhere... sometime.
  
	I can only hope.

	My new friend misses you very much, too.  Her hurt is as 
deep as yours was, I think, but she takes strength from how you 
changed her life.  She does not know what she will do, now that she is 
an orphan, but we are very close, so I will not let anything hurt her 
again, I swear.  I have always needed a friend like this...  Thank you 
for bringing her into my life.

	We will visit you both on Earth soon, I promise.  We will sit 
out on the grass and talk the day away, so you can know we are both 
all right.  And even though you will not be able to speak, we know you 
will hear us.

	And knowing will be enough.


*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	


	Don't look don't look! This shadow's free,
	Whispering me away from you.
	Don't wake at night to watch her sleep;
	You know that you will always lose.

	Don't talk of love; this shadow's burned,
	Burning me away from you.
	Don't talk of worlds that never were;
	The end is always ever true.

			-- The Cure

	
	The world was hard, frozen, and bathed in a heavy darkness 
that draped over the land.  Across rolling mountains, trees stripped of 
their foliage bent and twisted in a savage wind that raked with a 
howling ferocity.  Clouds above, boiling in the inky blackness of night, 
they released their burden in the form of sharp and harsh fits of snow.  
It was a terrible winter, punctuating the drawing days of a year and 
offering little hope for the coming one.  And yet, there was no purpose, 
no higher meaning or agenda to explain the violence of the winter 
night.  It was simply a night, nothing more.  Only unfortunate 
humans, trapped within their isolated dwellings, perched on the sides 
of the mountaintops, had the imaginations to believe otherwise.

	Riding the desperate winds of the storm, a form was barely 
contrasted against the midnight colored clouds.  With a wingspan and 
body size inordinately large for its species, a crow, wrapped in feathers 
of black, steered the ripping currents of air with purpose and ease.  
Slicing through the wind and ice as if it were not even there, the huge 
bird, as large as the mightiest of ravens, careened across the ridges and 
through the valleys with intense purpose.

	Dropping suddenly, the crow sliced downwards, plummeting 
towards an exposed ridge that lifted from the side of a mountain.  
Arcing through whipping trees that lined the ridge, the crow erupted 
its wings violently, all but halting its descent.  With several mighty 
thrusts of its wings, the crow finally alighted upon a monument made 
of stone.  Pivoting around on top of the monument, it's feathers 
constantly buffeted by the winter gale, the massive bird considered the 
other monuments that lined either side of the one on which it was 
perched.  Equally as large and solemn as the dark stone the crow was 
on, there was another one to its left and two to its right.  In the 
darkness of night, it was impossible to see the inscriptions upon them, 
but the crow was certain it was on the right marker.

	It *knew*.

	Beginning to thrash its wings violently again, the crow 
scratched at the stone top of the monument with its razor sharp claws.  
Reaching into the beyond, the crow called.  

	The crow commanded.

			*	*	*


	Ryoko wrapped herself a little more deeply into the thick coat 
she was wearing.  Wrinkling her nose at the cold air without effect, 
she once again wished Earthlings would progress to the point where 
they could actually control their weather.  The sun was shining, but it 
was freezing.  How could they stand this?  Reaching past her collar 
with one hand, she fingered the velvet choker around her neck that 
Washu had lent her again.

	"Teeeenchi," she whined a little, moving down a sidewalk 
with a bag in her other hand, "do we *have* to be out here in the 
cold?"

	Tenchi looked over from where he was walking beside the 
pirate and raised an eyebrow.  "Well, Ryoko, the only way to get to the 
orphanage is to walk," he replied, "You didn't have to come, you 
know.  Princess Ayeka and Sasami decided against coming out."

	"I know, I know," grumbled Ryoko, "naturally, the only time 
I could get Ayeka to not complain about me going somewhere with 
you is if it`s freezing out."

	Ryoko removed her free hand from her neck and sighed.  It 
would be so easy for her to remove the choker and have access to her 
powers again. but she shook her head.  Her enthusiasm for Tenchi, 
coupled with her amazing abilities, always ended up ruining things 
every time she felt she was just starting to break through to him.  No, 
Ryoko felt it was necessary to limit her powers until she could learn to 
control them better.

	Ryoko smiled at that thought, drawing more warmth from the 
coat.  In the entire galaxy, only Tenchi could possibly have the chance 
of making Ryoko even consider restraint.

	"Have you done this a lot?" Ryoko asked Tenchi as they 
continued to walk, "Given presents for some of the orphans at 
Christmas?"

	Tenchi nodded.  "Most years," he said, "though usually my 
father has been the one who comes here.  I like doing it, though."

	`So do I,' Ryoko thought with a happy sigh, `and with you 
alone makes it so special to me. I hope you understand that, dearest 
Tenchi.'

			*	*	*


	Atop one of the four monuments, the crow continued to beat 
its wings with force in the stinging snow.  Now rising its voice in an 
awful caw, the crow continued a powerful call across from this world 
into the next.  Even over the screaming winds that were racing across 
the mountainside and out of the darkness, a muffled sound could be 
heard coming from deep within the ground below.  The eyes of the 
crow gleamed in satisfaction as it began to strike the stone with the tip 
of its beak like a hammer.	

	Lightning flashed across the sky, momentarily illuminating 
the driven snow and clouds.

			*	*	*


	A white lance of pain struck into Ryoko's left side, piercing 
her kidney hotly and stabbing upwards.  Her cry cut off by the 
powerful hand that grasped her throat, the choker that separated 
Ryoko from her powers dug into her windpipe.  Her eyes widening in 
rage and horror, she saw Tenchi dropped by a man who had been 
holding him.  As Tenchi collapsed to the ground, a third man, with a 
shining weapon, smiled nastily.

	The blade in Ryoko's side continued its path, splashing her 
blood on the inside of her coat and clothes hotly against her cold skin.  
Suddenly, she lost the strength in her knees, and she buckled.  Ryoko's 
captor released her as she fell to the ground in a back alley.

			*	*	*	


	Now louder than the storm, the noises coming from the 
ground had risen to shuddering levels.  The sound of wood and metal 
grinding and groaning against each other sang out in a horrific 
symphony, like the sides of a ship buckling as it sank.  Out in front of 
the monument, the surface of the earth began to rise and roll.

	And the crow called.

			*	*	*


	It was very quiet... almost muffled.  Though the sun shone 
brightly, the air was still very cold, but Ryoko could not feel the 
temperature any longer.  Everything was becoming weaker to her by 
the moment, and the savage pain in her side was slowly subsiding as 
well.  Face down in the alleyway, the pirate struggled to turn her head 
to the side. Succeeding after several moments of futile attempts, 
Ryoko's vision cleared and focused on a body not several feet from her 
own.

	Lying on his back, facing the blue sky, Tenchi stared wide 
eyed and labored for every breath.  A neat wound marked his chest just 
left of center and near his heart.  Blood trickled at the corner of his 
mouth.  Ryoko cried out silently, trying desperately to bring her hand 
up to her neck to remove the choker.  If she could just get it off, maybe 
she would have the power to.

	Tenchi shuddered twice, gasping for breath, before letting out 
a deep sigh.  His body relaxing softly, Tenchi's eyes lost their wide 
stare and closed slightly as the light left him forever.  Ryoko ratcheted 
her mouth open in a scream that came out only as a gurgled cry.  
Weakening further, she was unable to bring her hand any closer to the 
damned choker around her neck.  Losing all the feeling she had left, 
Ryoko wept into the dirt and grime of the alley as her light also 
disappeared from this world.

			*	*	*


	There was a violent concussion, and dead grass and soil 
erupted in a shuddering groan as a heavy wood and steel coffin was 
thrust into the freezing night.  Throwing its head back in triumph, the 
crow screamed into the fury of the storm, lifting its wings in tribute 
and welcome.

	Spilling more earth to one side, the lid of the box was forced 
open, almost ripped away from its heavy hinges.  Launching up from 
within the coffin, a figure, dressed in a black ceremonial death 
kimono, moaned loudly and thrashed in confusion, clawing at the 
earth that threatened to collapse back into the now open box.  
Continuing to thrash about wildly, the figure scraped out of the coffin 
and onto the frozen ground before the grave stone.  Rocking back on 
its knees, the figure dropped its shoulders and howled into the raging 
night.

	And the crow raised its voice alongside in a frightening 
chorus.

			*	*	*


	Few things could have roused the man from his sleep and out 
into the teeth of a winter storm.  After the tragedy life had handed him 
in the past year, few things indeed.  But a terrible scream, a scream of 
all the emptiness and terror of the world raised in one apocalyptic 
voice, instantly brought him up from the depths of a slumber that had 
long since ceased to bring any rest.

	A gaunt and thin Yosho slammed the sliding door of the 
Masaki temple open, despite the howling winds.  In an appearance 
shocking to anyone that would have known him a year earlier, the 
prince of Jurai stared out into the stormy night with hard eyes.  
Dressed in clothes now threadbare, Yosho appeared to have aged at 
least ten years, and not well, either.

	Stepping down the steps somewhat shakily, Yosho then raced 
as fast as he could against the wind.  Passing through the temple 
courtyard, ill kept and littered with limbs and other mountain trash, he 
headed up towards the ridge from where he heard the scream... a 
place where no voice should be at any time.

	Almost blown off his feet several times, the aged prince of 
Jurai crested the ridge and froze in his tracks.  Wind whipping the 
long gray and white hair behind him, Yosho stared in horror, his usual 
calm demeanor failing him.

	Before him, it's lid tossed away and the earth around it thrust 
asunder, was a coffin.

	An empty coffin.

			*	*	*


	In a disturbance that rivaled the roar of the snowy gale 
swirling above, the figure smashed through the darkness that 
enveloped the countryside.  All around, limbs of trees grabbed and 
underbrush tore at the racing shadow, but never once came close to 
slowing it down.  A deep and keening wail reverberated against the 
valley walls, every note laced with fear, horror, and pain.

	High above, the crow kept pace with the sprinting apparition, 
every note of anguish lifting the bird higher in ecstasy.

	Smashing from the mountain brush in a flurry of snow, the 
moaning soul sailed out over a clear spot that marked where a road cut 
across the slope.  A swirl of cloth, ragged and torn black robes 
whipping behind, the figure touched down on the ice and snow-
covered pavement and immediately slipped.  Skidding at an incredible 
rate of speed, the phantom slid straight towards a sharp curve that 
overlooked a shear drop off of more than one hundred feet.  Crashing 
through the flimsy wood posts that served as a guardrail, the figure 
sailed out into the darkness, robes flapping and fluttering on 
outstretched arms.  For a brief moment, the ghostly figure flew on 
wings of black.

	And the crow laughed in rapture at the wondrously horrific 
spectacle.

	A piercing scream slicing the night storm, gravity reasserted 
itself and the robed figure plummeted, crashing through the tops of the 
bare trees into the darkness below.  As the large bird soared the 
buffeting winds, it heard the snaps as branches tore and broke under 
the falling weight, ending in a muffled impact far below.  With barely 
a pause, there were more screams and crashes in the distance from 
down the mountainside as the supernatural being continued to run.

	`That's right,' delighted the crow, `keep running, girl!  Keep 
running, because the pain is right behind you!  Keep running until you 
realize you'll never escape it!'

	It was timeless.  As long as there had been intelligence in 
creatures, there had been brutality and murder.  As long as there had 
been brutality and murder, there had been vengeance.  And as long as 
there had been a need for vengeance, the crow had existed in many 
forms and on many worlds.  The surge and ecstasy of pain from the 
tortured and grieving victims that the spirit felt.

	Never did it cease to thrill.

			*	*	*


	Lights flashed, perched on the tops of Japanese police cars.  
Formed in a loose barricade, numerous traffic cops kept spectators at 
bay.  A few flakes of snow were spitting out of a gray sky, tears frozen 
in soft sadness.

	In an alleyway, a pair of heavy blankets covered to shapes.  It 
was not difficult to anyone standing beyond the police lines to realize 
two bodies lay underneath.  Walking out of the alley, a female traffic 
officer was stony faced, wishing she were still in Tokyo.  She came up 
short in front of her partner, who was leaning up against a small patrol 
car.

	"Hey," she said.  "Miyuki, you okay?"

	The officer named Miyuki nodded sharply and took in a 
shuddering breath.

	"I'm all right, Natsumi," she replied.  "I... I just didn't expect 
to see something... like this."

	Natsumi reached out and gave her partner's hand a 
comforting squeeze.  Wishing she had a cup of hot tea, or even that 
mud-water people called coffee.

	"I never would have thought we'd see something like this out 
here in the country," was all Natsumi could say.  "So much for this two 
week 'officer exchange' training being a cake-walk."

	Miyuki just shivered, wishing she were back home in her own 
precinct.  Back in place where nothing bad really ever seemed to 
happen.

	A single tear crested and streaked down Miyuki's cheek.  
"They weren't much younger than us, Natsumi," she whispered.

	A wailing in the distance could be heard as ambulances raced 
fruitlessly to the scene.

			*	*	*
 

	The storm had abated somewhat when the figure in black 
robes crashed and stumbled through the gates of the local fairgrounds. 
It was a country fairground, perched up on a hill where carnival 
during the summer played well into the night.  Now, it was deserted 
for the season.

Staggering across the untouched blanket of snow that covered 
the empty grounds, the figure shook violently, hands trembling with 
thin fingers outstretched.  Above, the crow came to rest on the eave of 
a small roof.  Cawing loudly, the bird scratched its claws on the 
wooden roof, beating its wings.  The ghost below, trembling, looked 
up at the bird through soaked and matted strands of hair.

	'That's right, girl,' the crow spoke into the figure's 
traumatized mind.  'There's no running from it, and there's no 
stopping it.  You're going to have to face the truth.'

	The woman's mouth slowly hung open, slack and draped in 
shadow.  Rising her hands to her the sides of her head, the beginnings 
of a new round of screaming was about to start.

	Laughing, the crow danced with glee.

	'Face it, girl!'

	There was a savage and jagged edge of pain and memories 
that flashed in the mind of the woman.  Howling like an animal, she 
staggered backwards in the snow, spine arching to the point where it 
could have snapped.  Images of blood, knives, and men surrounding her 
and the one she loved more than anything in the world.  She kept 
backing up, but they would not stop, they would not cease the endless 
repetition in her mind's eye.

	Picking up speed from her shuffling, the woman met a plate 
glass window.  Razor shards flew in all directions as she crashed 
through it, sprawling to a hardwood floor.  Snowflakes swirled into the 
small building, light from a lone street lamp streaming in.  Tangled in 
a pile of costumes, robes, and hangers, she collapsed in a storeroom to 
the fairground's little theater.

	'You know you can't run,' the crow mocked from the shattered 
windowsill.  'Can't hide from it either.  What's left then?'

	Weeping terribly, the woman moaned from where she lay on 
the floor.

	A gleam from the crow's eyes pierced the snowy gloom.  
'There's vengeance, girl!  Anger, revenge!'

	And then something was different.  Pain began to turn into 
heated rage, slow but steadily burning within the broken features of 
the phantom.  Choking sobs gave way to a throaty growl, like a 
ravaged animal that was beyond the point of taking any more abuse.  
Fighting her way to her feet, the woman smashed through the rest of 
the theater storeroom, up-turning crates and boxes, looking for 
something.

	'There, girl,' whispered the crow again in her mind.  'There 
on the tables...'

	For the crow had an image in it's mind of how its instrument 
of death and justice should appear.

	The snarling woman, reached for a bottle on a nearby table, 
knocking away aerosol cans, brushes, and other items in the process.  
There was an inky black fluid in the bottle she grasped tightly, 
strangling the plastic with both her hands.  Ripping the top of the 
bottle off, she dumped the contents on her head and slung the plastic 
away.  Raking her hands through her long hair, the black dye was 
streaked over and over until the original color was no longer present.  
Finished with that, the woman grabbed small pots of kabuki face 
paints, tearing the pots open looking for the right colors.

	Finding what she was looking for, the figure began 
ferociously smearing white and then black paint on her horrid face.

			*	*	*


	An hour later in the once again quiet fairgrounds, a lone 
figure stood out amongst the snow, very still.  Unnaturally black hair 
spilled down from its head in long spikes, falling over a combination 
of black kabuki robes and skintight leather.  Lifting its face to the one 
lamplight in the entire area, it was a woman with skin made unearthly 
pale and white from the theater paint.  Around the eyes, jet black 
ringed with streaks above and below each one.  Lips were also black, 
twisted in a terrible frown.

	The crow swooped out of the darkness and landed on the 
woman's shoulder.  It beat its wings several times, trying to get settled 
as the she began to walk into the night.

	'You know who they are, don't you, girl?' the crow asked with 
a fearsome expectation.

	She stopped for a moment, her face still shadowed mostly in 
dark.  Looking up slowly at the massive bird perched on her shoulder, 
the woman nodded once before starting to walk again.

	"Juraian robes," the figure named Ryoko said in a voice dead 
of emotion.

	"They were wearing Juraian robes."

	Together, the crow and the space pirate who had been dead 
for a year walking out into the dark night.  The still falling snow 
quickly filled in their tracks.

	Many people were going to die.

	They just did not realize it, yet.

			*	*	*

Chapter 2:  a confrontation with Yosho and a mentally unbalanced 
Washu.  The crow saves a life before it self-extinguishes, but brutally 
takes another.

Comments and Criticisms appreciated.
Michael McAvoy
mmcavoy@ejourney.com
memebers.xoom.com/mmcavoy/

July 16, 2000



