Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo! and Gundam Wing are property of their respective owners. I 
don't own them.
This story is based in the OAV series, with a few elements borrowed from Tenchi 
Universe.

	Into The Darkness: Episode 1 

 "Take that, OZ bastard!" 
"Watch him! Watch him! SHIIIITT!!"
"Squadron of Mobile Dolls moving in from the east."
"Bastard blew off my leg, gimme some help here!"
"Watch out for that beam cannon, it's a killer."
Commander Ayeka Jurai watched to battle unfold on her heads up display, and once 
again attempted to pierce the fog surrounding her memory. <I can remember my life just 
fine, but it feels like I'm watching a TV show, instead of remembering something  I 
actually did.> Small fragments of memory, things she could swear she never experienced, 
drifted through her mind. <A giant tree, why do I feel like it could talk? Trees can't 
talk. A sword hilt that looks like it was carved out of wood, so where is the blade?. A 
girl with spiky red hair, funny I can't make out her face. And an animal that looks like a 
cross between a cat and a rabbit, never seen anything like that before>  She paused in her 
thoughts to immolate a charging Leo and inspect the small part of the battle she was 
directly involved in, overseeing the defense of a small ridge. "Blue seven; watch that tree 
line to the right."
"Roger lead"
<Damn, this is not going well, Mobile Dolls to the east and a pair of Epyons ripping up 
the west flank. How in hell did they get so many troops here without us knowing? It's not 
like we weren't.> Her train of thought was interrupted by Blue seven's cry "We got a 
platoon of Heavyarms-s gundams coming out of the woods led by a H-Custom!!" 
<SHIT!> "Blue squad, take the standards, I'll deal with the custom."
"Roger lead"
<How in hell did they get their hands on a Custom? I just hope my squad of Wings can 
hold it off long enough for me to get there.> As her Wing Zero switched to jet mode and 
streaked for the wood line five kilometers away she hoped desperately that she would not 
be too late. 
*	*	*
"Blue one finish off that one and give me a hand over here!"
"On my  wa *static*"
"SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT!"
"Gotcha!"
"HEEEEEEELLLLLP!*static*"
Ayeka arrived just in time to watch her last squad-mate fry the last of the Heavyarms 
standards only to be destroyed by the Heavyarms-Custom. "Well, looks like it's just you 
and me now" came a mocking and strangely familiar voice over the comm. system. The 
fog clouding Ayeka's memory receded, letting the Zero system take over, she delved into 
these new memories. <I remember everything, Tenchi, Sasami, the shrine, Ryoko. 
RYOKO!!!> Her eyes widened in shock as she realized who she was fighting. Ayeka 
wrested control of her gundam away from the Zero system and realized that it had 
persecuted the battle with it's usual ruthlessness. She could only watch in shock as the 
badly damaged Heavyarms-Custom fell onto it's back with an earth shaking crash. The 
fallen gundam's access hatch rose a few inches, but was apparently jammed shut. Ayeka 
made her gundam move forward and carefully peel the hatch back from the cockpit, and 
looked at Ryoko's rather battered form. 
"Miss Ryoko are you alright?" She asked over the loudspeakers.
"Huh? How'd you know my name?!" Shouted the space pirate turned gundam pilot.
"It's me, Ayeka"
"Ayeka.. Doesn't ring a bell, should I know you?"
"Don't you remember Tenchi, Sasami, and Washu?"
"Those names they seem familiar. OH GOD! How could I have forgotten them?" 
Ryoko cried out.
"I don't know, but I guess something went wrong with the Dimensional Tuner when 
Mihoshi pressed that button" Replied Ayeka
"Well this place doesn't look like anything any of us would consider a perfect world, but 
now's not the time or place for debate. Come on, we can make it back to base by nightfall 
and straighten this mess out." Stated the cyan-haired woman.
"No it does not. But I have one question, to which base should we go, yours or mine?"
"Mine, of course, I came into your base and I'd be greeted with a bullet to the head."
"And what do you think would happen if I came into yours? Hmm?"
"Good point, so. where to?"
"The ridge I am supposed to be defending has some caverns we could probably find 
refuge in."
"Good idea, but let's turn off our locator beacons, it wouldn't do to have somebody 
wander in looking to kill one of both of us."
"Can that wreck of yours still walk?"
"Hey! My Heavyarms can take a lot more punishment than your wimpy Wing Zero."
"Lets debate the merits of our gundams later. please."
"Sure, just gimme a hand up willya?" 
Ayeka's wing Zero gave the battered H-Custom a lift, and the two gundams made for the 
ridge as fast as they could.
*	*	*
	"Say, not a bad hiding place princess." Ryoko observed as  she exited her 
damaged gundam.
"Thank you, but I think the credit for finding this place belongs to whoever made the 
maps the Sanc Kingdom uses." Replied Ayeka, after engaging in a bone popping stretch.
"So do we have any clue where anyone else we know might be? Asked Ryoko.
"I confess to being totally unaware of anyone else's whereabouts, you?"
"Not a clue. I hope Tenchi is alright, I mean what if he's a pilot of one of those Leo's 
and.one of us..killed .."
"We can not allow ourselves to dwell on that possibility, or we will be tearing our hair 
out from worry and self-loathing before three days have past."
"You make it sound like we are going to be here for a while." Ryoko stated.
"Even if we found everyone tomorrow, who knows how long it would take Washu to fix 
the Dimensional Tuner?"
"Point taken. Man I could really use a bath, any streams around here?"
"There may be a spring around somewhere."
*	*	*
	As it turned out there was a hot spring within the cave. "Great now I don't have to 
worry about being seen naked!" Ryoko exclaimed, observing the deep pool of warm 
water with delight. "You didn't seem to care who saw you naked back at home. Ayeka 
retorted "why should it matter to you now?"
"I spent the last few minutes trying to float myself, I think my powers might be gone. So 
I have to worry about predators." Ryoko stated, hanging her head.
"Oh my." Ayeka said realizing that Ryoko wasn't referring to bears or wolves. She 
concentrated for a moment "I seem to be unable to form my force field." She said at last. 
"Do you still have your strength?" 
"I think so. lemme check." Ryoko effortlessly lifted a boulder over her head then set it 
back down.  "Yep I still have that much. Now, I'm going to take a bath, care to join me?"
"Umm. I don't have a towel."
"Come on Princess, it's not like I haven't seen you in the nude before."
"Ah yes, I still haven't forgiven you for that prank at the Onsen."
"Well, what are you waiting for?"
"*sigh* alright."
Ryoko watched as Ayeka slowly stripped, and waded in. Her eyes widened in surprise 
when she saw the gold band embedded in Ayeka's forearm. "Where the Hell did you get 
that?"
"Oh this, I got it when I made the rank of Sergeant." 
"I didn't think you would be the kind of person to defile you 'pure pristine body' like 
that."
"All Sergeants get this, it is heated to white hot then wrapped around the forearm, it 
literally melts the flesh it touches."
"Ouch."
" It is done to symbolize one's devotion to the Sanc kingdom, besides the surgeons who 
do the procedure numb the area before they begin."
"I can think of more pleasant way to symbolize one's devotion to a cause."
"Perhaps. Just out of curiosity, has this dimension added any mementos to your body?"
"Well." Ryoko stripped and let Ayeka get a look at the long burn scars running up her 
arms and chest, as well as the snake tattoo running up her spine, as she wades into the 
warn water. "How did you get those?" Ayeka asked, overcome with morbid curiosity. 
"The scars? From pulling a kid out of a burning building. As for the tattoo, I saw it in a 
window one day and thought it looked cool."
"I see"
"You know, I just remembered something from this life."
"What's that?"
"The me from this dimension has a taste for women, and I'm getting hungry looking at 
you."
"WHAT?!?!" The purple haired princess set a record getting out of the water. "Your 
joking right?" She asked weakly. "Nope. you know, you look very sexy with that water 
dripping off of you." Ryoko replied, climbing out of the water with a sleepy look in her 
eyes, and advancing on Ayeka. "Come on Princess, it'll be fun."
"What about Tenchi?" Ayeka asked, wide-eyed.
"Oh I still want him, it's just that, well, you're here and he's not."
"You can't do this to me! I'm not going mmmph..." Ayeka's outburst was cut off as 
Ryoko gave her the most passionate kiss of her life. After what seemed like an eternity 
but was most likely only a few seconds, Ryoko released the princess and asked  "Now 
didn't that feel good?" Ayeka sputters incoherently for a moment. "I'll take that as a yes 
then, now just relax, and I'll do all the work." After a few minutes Ayeka stopped 
resisting and gave into the pleasure Ryoko was giving her.
*	*	*
In the next episode: Ryoko and Ayeka set up camp, attempt to deal with their new 
personalities coming back in force, and start to search for the others.
*	*	
	Author's notes: Well, what do you think so far? Drop me a line at 
epyon_10@hotmail.com, Flame me if you must, but be forewarned I will ignore you. If it 
bugs you that much than go ahead and MST my story. You might have noticed that this 
isn't quite the Gundam Wing from the series, in this dimension; all the factions are a war 
with each other, no alliances whatsoever. Also the gundams have been produced in 
numbers, The mobile suits are still more common because they are cheaper. You may 
notice Ryoko is piloting a Heavyarms-Custom, and go "Huh? What's a Heavyarms-
Custom?" basically any custom gundam is the version seen in "Endless Waltz" and any 
standard gundam or gundam-s is the last version seen in the series, AKA. Wing gundam 
(Wing Zero is considered a custom because I really don't like the Wing Zero Custom in 
"EW"), Deathscythe-Hell, Sandrock, Tallgeese, Heavyarms, Epyon, and Altron 
(Nantaku). I've also created some Aerospace fighters that are pure aircraft, not 
transformed gundams, they will show up later in the series. 

So till next time, have fun!

