Justice for Masaki part 1
By Majin Z <majinz@aol.com>

this story guest stars the justice knights from mischief makers(yuke yuke
troulblmakers)(a n64game) as they are hired to capture tenchi's grandfather. 
tenchi fans should know who hired the justie knight at the end of chapter 1
this is my first fanfic so any comments are apreciated if you like this one i
may write my second fanfic which is more of a romance story if you want that
one let me know so i can post it
e-mail me at

majin z@aol.com

tenchi copyright pioneer

Lunar tarus merco justice knights copy right treasure enix


tenchi copyright pioneer
justice kights Copyright treasue ENIX


darkness rode through the field like a wind of death.the man despite his
efforts had tripped on a tree root.
 "Awwww,did little ingrate trip and hurt his self," the voice was harsh raspy
and insane.  the man desperately searched for the location of the voices
source.
almost on cue the creature approached from the mist of darkness. human
like,but
clearly an animal.  "silly fool, no one can stop justice, and I am a warrior
of
justice."
 The beast leapt high into the air and howled, like a demon wolf,claws
glistening like miniature knives. this was the last thing the man would ever
see.  His screams sounded all through the country.
 Elsewhere in this same area, a young man heard the cries.  but only faintly. 
He continued his walk home when suddenly he was interrupted.
 "hi ya Tenchi what are you doing out here all by your self I could keep you
company,' the figure in front of him said.
 "oh not now Ryoko," Tenchi said cynically.
 annoyed Ryoko replied, "fine I'll come back later, after you've calmed down."
and with that she phased out.
 Ryoko reappeared a mile down the road. 'Tenchi seems worried about something,
oh well.' she thought to herself. the wind was picking up so she should head
back soon.just then a large gust knocked her down on the ground hard. "OW,what
the..."  she looked to see something standing behind her, human in shape but
with the features of a bird. long,thin red feathers covered one of his eyes. 
It was dressed in bright blue armor, carrying a gold lance.  The thing had a
cocky smile on it's face.
 "Ryoko,I can't believe how weak you've become. you escaped us once,but a
creatures must face justice someday," the bird man said in his snobby
aristocratic voice.
 behind him appeared two other creatures,one like a wolf in form crimson
liquid
dripping from his claws, the other farther behind, was massive and apelike,
but
looked more human than the other two.
 "Merco, she is not your prey,you were to get the other one. She was to be may
hunt." the wolf said. Ryoko could see now that they were all wearing armor,
the
wolf creatures was red, and the apeman's gold.

 The bird man (Merco) was angered by the comment made to him. "shut up, Lunar,
the origadian was to be mine and you killed him. you psychopathic retriever!"
 "I am not a retriever, a am pure timber wolf." lunar yelled to Merco.  Ryoko
used the opportunity of them arguing to sneak of, she ran instead of phasing
away.
 Merco smiled evilly, "IT worked she will lead us to the Masaki house and our
true target." the trio laughed as the set of after Ryoko.
 Tenchi's grandfather stood at the entrance of the shrine.of in the distance
he
could see Ryoko running toward the house.  "I see..." he said to himself
quietly, and started down the steps.  Ryoko was now at the door of the house
she phased right through it and collapsed on the couch exhausted .
 "whew!" she said relieved she was at the house.  right then Ayeka entered the
room.
 "well,well look who finally shows up." Ayeka said in her snobbiest voice. 
"where have you been we ate an hour ago?"
 "Not now Ayeka, I'm tired."  Ryoko muttered she had nearly fallen asleep when
Tenchi walked in.  he had been in the kitchen.  he was clearly half asleep. 
 "Ryoko were you the the one making all that noise in the woods?" he asked
with
a yawn. 
 "what noise?" she replied confused.
 "that weird noise like a..."
 "a....howl?" Ryoko finished Tenchi's sentence.  "that was uh ...I don't know
what that was."
 "I do!"  the three turned to see lunar leaning on their door side.  "That was
me,Lunar first knight of justice. I come for one of you."
 Ayeka answered, " Then you must want Ryoko she is a wanted criminal."
 Lunar looked up, a toothy smile gracing his face.  "that is Ryoko.  I had no
idea, you weaker than we heard," his voice was high pitched and psychotic, "we
don't want you, your too easy a kill."
 Suddenly there was a crash through the wall. a hulking ape man appeared
amongst the rubble, knocked unconscious.  The sight started lunar if only
momentary. out behind the hole in wall was Tenchi's grand father and Merco,
locked in combat. Grandfather was holding his own but his opponent had air
superiority and was forcing heavy whirlwinds from his lance.
 "Lunar plan B, Now!" Merco yelled out.  Quickly the wolf drew his gun and
fired at grandfather.  Tenchi and the girls were to confused to react. 
Tenchi's grandfather sensing the gunshot, turned to deflect it. This is what
Merco hoped he would do, quickly he dove down and thrust his lance forward,
impaling grandfather through the right shoulder pinning him to the ground. 
the
shot passed over the both of them and hit a tree.  "You will pay for your
crime, enemy of justice." Merco hissed into his ear. "Tarus get up and lets
get
going we have to deliver him to our employer!"
 Tarus had recovered from the blow he was dealt.  " Right, he'll be pissed if
we don't deliver the Jurai king of old to him, even for a mass of black goo.
 "Love to stay a chat ladies, but we're on a tight schedule" Merco laughed as
he hoisted grandfather over his shoulder.
 Lunar leapt over to the others, "We better get going," Lunar said joyfully,
"Cerberus alpha come!!" he yelled to the air 
 Turning Tarus bellowed, "Sasquatch beta!!!"
 Merco spoke last "Phoenix gamma!!!" No sooner had they finished than three
vehicles roared down. on a bike one a tank, and on a flying drill. Merco
stepped up to the vehicles. "SHIP FORM!!!!!!!" he yelled, instantly the parts
of the vehicles combined and formed a fighter type ship. A hatch at the bottom
opened in front of Merco. he stepped on carrying Tenchi's grandfather. Tarus
stepped on next , Lunar was last as he got on he turned to Tenchi and said,
"oh
yeah Tenchi a message to you from our current employer, he say he'll make you
pay for what you did to him in 1970. I don't know what he means ,but I'm sure
you do." the door closing as he finished his sentence.  There was a rumble and
the ship lifted up high in the air.
 "to Jurai and our reward." Merco cried as the ship shot of like a streak of
light. Tenchi looked as the ship went off, had those creatures been hired by
who thought had died all those years ago. and what did he want with
grandfather?

end chapter 1.

