The Juari Witch Project Part 1.

 
(Note: I guess you're wondering: What is The Bogus Witch Project
movie? Here's the answer: the movie is based on The Blair Witch
Project. In this movie, some actors copied from the movie with
different titles: The Watts Bitch Project, The Griffith Park Witch
Project, The Bogus Witch Project, The Blair Underwood Project, The
Bel-Aire Witch Project, and The Willie Witch Project. Even though,
the movie contains comedy)
 
 
     One fine day at Jurai
 
Aeka: (with the camera) Hello, I'm Aeka. This is my home. And we're
doing a documentary on the Jurai Witch Project.
 
     Walks outside and sees Francisco entering in his sports car.
 
Aeka: Hey it's mister punctuality. Hi, how are you this morning?
 
     Francisco gets out of his car.
 
Francisco: (mocks her) Hey, mister punctuality. Hi, how are you this
morning? Do me a favor. Don't speak to me this morning cause I
have a fucking hangover.

    Takes out his camera.
 
Aeka: Hey, nice camera.
Francisco: I stole this from Juari's film department.
Aeka: I can see you.
Francisco: I can't see shit.
Aeka: I can see you.
Francisco: What's wrong with this thing?
Aeka: Maybe you should take the lens cap off.
Francisco: Oh!
 
    He trips and injures his right eye. Later, they picked up Tenchi
after sword practice. Later, they interview a Jurain woman.
 
Aeka: Do know anything about the Jurai witch?
Woman: No. But my parents go to the Jurai country club.
Aeka: They do. So do I.
 
    Meanwhile, they ate dinner at a restaurant. They didn't even
noticed that they were being filmed by someone else.
 
Francisco: Dude, hook me up. Dude, c'mon.
    
     Tenchi pours soda in his cup.
 
Tenchi: Say when.
Aeka: Mmm, bleu cheese.
 
     Tenchi looks to his left.
 
Tenchi: Who's filming this?
 
      They looked but they didn't know who was filming them.
 
      Aeka begins her interview.
 
Aeka: Jurai. Formally, Jurai. Nobody knows it, at least like I do.
Francisco: (off camera) What the fuck are you talking about?
Tenchi: (off camera) Shut up. Shut up.
 
      Aeka sighs.
 
To be continued...
 
 
(Author: be back with Part 2)
