                            Jusenko Muyo!

                                 by

                           BoneparteOzaki

                               Part 1:

                         No Need for a Curse

Soun Tendo stared at the postcard for a full minute. Flipped it over to it's adjoining side.
The picture of a panda sitting in a bamboo grove greeted his eyes again as he spied it for
the second time. So Masaki old friend and teacher, you've come at last. How I've
waited for this day. He sat up and called out to his three daughters. "Kiyone! Sasami!
Aeka! Will you come here please." No response. Oh well, guess I'll have to go to
them.

Meanwhile in the shopping district...

The sound of footsteps on wet concrete made their way down the alleyway. The
downpour continued despite the wishes of some for otherwise. One of those who
wished the rain would cease was a short dark blue-haired girl of 17 carrying a travelers
pack and was right now being pursued by a very large, very angry panda. 

The girl slid to a stop and turned to her pursuer. "Hey, I said I wanted no part in this, so
quit following me!"

The Panda swiped a claw at her and growled. She dodged easy enough and delivered
her own kick and used her opponent as leverage to flip backwards. She dropped the
pack as it was weighing her down and she now saw that this was not to be resolved
without a fight. From her pack she pulled her wooden bokken and assumed a stance.
The Panda produced his own and assumed a similar stance.

"Your move Grandpa." 

The Panda leapt a brought his bokken down on the girl. In her defensive crouch, she
blocked the strike easy enough and gave a haughty laugh, but then her opponent did
something unexpected. The Panda grabbed her bokken and used it like a sling to fling
her out of the alleyway and into the street.

The passersby in the shopping district, were to say, more than a little surprised when a
teenage girl flew screaming into a vendor's cart across the street from the alleyway, and
when a panda carrying a bokken walked out of the alley, surprise was no longer an
adequate word and they were forced to resort to astonishment.

"A panda? Here in Tokyo?" said an anonymous passerby. 

The girl steadied herself after her collision with the now angry vendor. She positioned
her bokken and screamed "I still say this whole thing SUCKS!" She then threw herself
into a flying attack.

Two bokkens met in between the panda and his human opponent. They clashed in a
series of parries, jabs, and swings. While this was happening the girl continued to yell at
her opponent "I can't believe you never decided to tell me about this! You knew the
whole time while my parents planned this didn't you?!? Arranging my marriage without
letting me have a word in edgewise! You know what I say to that? You can stick that
bokken right where the sun don't shine!!!" 

As she finished her speech she applied emphasis to her words by planting her foot in the
panda's snout and giving a giving a good bash of her bokken of the panda's head.
Landing a short distance away she finished "So there!" 

She then turned her back on the semi-conscience panda she began again "It's nothing
personal against your friends. I'm sure they're very nice, but I've got more important
matters to attend to, as you should know. So I'm heading back to China, and if you
were thinking, you would too."

As she walked back to the alleyway to gather her pack, the panda snuck up on her and
bashed in the back of her head with his bokken and knocked her out cold. He then
picked her up, hunched her over his shoulder and walked into the alleyway.

"I cant' believe he did that." Said one passerby to another.

"What, fight a girl with a wooden bokken?" Said the stranger.

"Not exactly, I cant' believe he used such a underhanded maneuver." Said the passerby,
who then turned and went on with his business.

Back at the Tendo Dojo ...

Soun Tendo walked through his house searching for his three daughters. He knew where
to find one of them right away. He headed for the kitchen.

Thirteen year old Sasami Tendo chopped vegetables for the evening meal. She assumed
most of the cooking duties after her mother's passing, but she never complained.
Whenever she was in the kitchen, she almost felt like her mother was there watching her.
She then realized someone really was watching her, and she turned to see her father
standing in the doorway. "Yes, Father?"

"Sasami, I need to tell you girls something important. Would you go get your sister
Aeka, while I find Kiyone?" Soun asked.

"Sure. I think Kiyone is up in her room studying for her academy entrance exam."
Sasami replied.

"And where is Aeka?" Soun asked.

As Sasami ran out the door outside she yelled back "Where else? In her garden."

Soun made his way upstairs and knocked on the door of his eldest daughter, 19 year
old Kiyone Tendo. The most serious of the bunch, she was studying for her entrance
exam into the Tokyo Police Academy. Soun didn't frown on this, in fact he was happy
that she found something that she was so dedicated to. After her mother's death she
stopped her studies into the martial arts, and instead applied herself into the study of
criminal justice. She looked up at Soun and frowned. He knew she hated being
disturbed especially this close to the entrance exam.

"Kiyone, I really need to see all you girls downstairs because I have to tell you all
something important. So can you put your books aside for a moment and please come
downstairs." Soun said apologetically.

She stood from her chair, gave the evil eye to her father and made her way downstairs.
I'm going to have to have a talk to her about this attitude of hers, but that can
wait Soun thought to himself.

Meanwhile Sasami made her way outside searching for her sister Aeka. She scanned the
area for her, but didn't see her. Her ears however perked up at hearing a slight humming.
It was Aeka all right. 

The purple-haired, 17 year old Aeka Tendo walked with her watering can humming a
simple melody. As she watered her flowers she stepped past the three gems in her
sanctuary. Three tall trees with leafy canopies, and thick bases. "Konichiwa, Ryoh-Oh,
Funaho, and Tsunami. Does the sun feel good today?"

Sasami smiled. She's talking to her trees again. I sometimes wonder about her. Oh
well, if it makes her happy... Sasami thought to herself. Well, we mustn't keep father
waiting. She made her approach.

Aeka's attention suddenly shifted to the person approaching her. Someone was trying to
sneak up behind her. From under her kimono she pulled her bokken and flipped herself
backwards, landing directly behind the intruder. Placing the point of her sword on the
base of the intruder's neck she gave a laugh. Sasami angrily turned to face her sister.
"Geez sister you need to calm down. You could hurt someone like that, namely ME!"
Sasami reprimanded.

"You need to learn to be more quiet, I could tell you've been watching me since I filled
my watering can." Aeka rebutted.

"I wasn't trying to sneak up on you. Father sent me to find you." Sasami said
exasperated.

"Father wanted me? Did he say why?" Aeka asked.

"He actually wants to see all of us, but he didn't say why. He's probably waiting for us
now with Kiyone." Sasami replied.

The pair made their way inside the house. Finding Soun and Kiyone seated at the family
dinner table. As the pair seated themselves around the square table, Soun straightened
himself up to make his announcement.

37 seconds later...

"What?!?" Screamed Sasami.

"Who?!?" Screamed Aeka.

"Why?!?" Screamed Kiyone.

"Now calm down all of you. His name is Tenchi Masaki. He's the grandson of my
former Sensei, and the son of my dearly departed friends Nobuyuki and Achika. From
the time you were all small children we hoped to unite our families by an arranged
marriage between one of you and him, insuring that both our family lines survive." Soun
answered.

The three girls paused for a second. They kinda remembered father's friends, and how
he told them that they had been killed in an accident when they were still little, before
Sasami was even born.

Father can't possibly mean me? I'm only thirteen! I'm much too young to be
married. Thought Sasami.

Great! Just %$#%ing great! Here I am trying to get myself a real career and my
father wants me to play the dutiful and loyal wife bit. Angrily thought Kiyone.

Sasami and Kiyone looked at each other, then smiled and turned their glances to Aeka,
giving her an evil grin.

"What?!? You can't honestly expect me to marry him?!?" Aeka yelled after the pair
proposed this idea to Soun. Though Aeka had to admit the idea of marriage intrigued
her, but what if this guy is a jerk, then what? She'd be stuck with him.

"Don't worry Aeka, I expect that he will choose whomever he wants to marry when he
arrives. His Grandfather and he have just returned to Japan after an extended trip into
China." Soun explained.

"What a Damn minute here! How come he gets some sort of choice in this matter?!?"
Kiyone shouted.

"China?" Aeka asked out loud.

"Yes, after Tenchi's parents died, and Katsuhito lost his only daughter, they decided to
leave their home to train and mourn away from so many memories. This Dojo was built
on the techniques Katsuhito-sensei taught me. Masaki-Jurai Anything Goes sword
technique. Not only that but Sensei is also a Shinto priest and is training Tenchi in that."
Soun answered.

"Hello?!?! Is anyone listening to me here?" Kiyone shouted again.

"Masaki-Jurai? What does the Jurai part mean?" Aeka asked Soun.

"I'm not sure, Sensei never would tell me. Tenchi is supposedly a fine student of the
technique himself though." Soun answered his middle child.

"Father, what is this Tenchi boy like?" Sasami piped in.

Soun gave a deep belly laugh "I have no idea. I've never met him, but from the letter I
received, they will be here soon.." Soun answered.

The four of them sat around the table. Sasami had a very worried look on her face,
Kiyone grumbled with her arms crossed in protest, and Aeka pondered the mystery pair
that were to arrive soon.

Suddenly the silence was shattered. A loud knock came from the main door. Soun
stood up and ran to greet the knocker. The girls could hear their father in the main hall
"Katsuhito-Sensei it's been too long...AAUUUGGGHHHH!!!!!" 

Soun immediately rushed back into the family room running right past the girls. What had
scared him so badly? Soun continued to run right into the dojo. Suddenly the girls got
their answer as a giant panda came strolling in apparently carrying someone on his
shoulders. The kicking occupant was yelling at the black and white beast. "Put me
down! Why the hell did you have to hit me so hard anyway?"

The three girls sat there dumbfounded. Soun reappeared holding a bokken in front of
him and preparing his stance. The panda meanwhile placed his companion in front of
Soun, the stranger, whose head was bowed, stood still.

Soun dropped the stance and looked at the person in front of him. "You wouldn't
happen to be...? Nah, cant' be...you're a..."

The mystery person lifted her head "I'm Tenchi Masaki. Sorry about this."

The three girls stared. Something was amiss and they each knew what it was. Aeka was
the first to speak "Excuse me, I was thinking that I should point out something. You're a
Girl aren't you?"

"I know, please don't remind me." Tenchi grumbled giving an evil glare to her panda
companion.

"You're Tenchi Masaki?!? I knew that Katsuhito-sensei and Nobuyuki each wore
glasses, but their vision couldn't have been that bad! Why didn't they tell me earlier?"
Soun, suddenly felt very faint. He promptly collapsed.

10 minutes later...

Soun opened his eyes to see Sasami placing an ice pack over his head. "Father, are you
all right?' She asked.

"You sure know how to pick'em. Some Fiancé!" Kiyone smirked.

"I assumed when my friends told me they had a son, that he would be a boy." Soun
groaned.

Kiyone immediately went to the sitting Tenchi and pointed everyone's attention to her
very obvious breast jutting from underneath her shirt "Excuse me, but does this look like
a boy to you?" 

"Please, I wish you wouldn't do that, besides there's something..." Tenchi started.

"Kiyone! How can you be so rude? She is our guest." Aeka interrupted. She then turned
her attention to Tenchi "My name's Aeka. You've been traveling for a while, so do you
want to freshen up? Have a bath perhaps?" 

"Well, actually there's something I should..."Tenchi started again.

Aeka however was on to the next bit of business. "Sasami, show our guest to her room
and prepare a bath for her. We can talk about everything over dinner." 

Tenchi opened her mouth to protest, but Sasami had grabbed her arm and was taking
her upstairs. Sasami slid the door open to the guest room. "This is where you'll be
sleeping, I'm afraid you're pet will have to sleep outside, since we're not really equipped
to deal with a giant panda." 

Tenchi was still aghast. Weren't they ever going to let her have a word in edgewise? She
felt a tug on her arm, and was now being dragged down the hall towards the bathroom.
The door slid open, Tenchi felt herself being shoved through. "As soon as you've had a
nice hot bath, make your way downstairs and we can eat." Sasami quipped. Tenchi
turned around to protest again, but as she did the door was being slid shut and she found
herself alone in a strangers' bathroom.

"Oh well, might as well make the best of the situation" Tenchi turned a spigot for the hot
water that began to fill the tub.

Sasami made her way back downstairs and was headed for the kitchen to finish the
evening meal. As she passed the living room, she saw Soun talking to a long gray-haired
gentleman with a mustache and glasses. She found Aeka in the kitchen putting a pot of
water on the stove. "Oh, hello Sasami. I thought I help you out with dinner while you
helped our guest."

"Thanks Sister, but I wasn't planning on boiling anything." Sasami said.

"Oh..." Aeka stood dumbfounded.

"Aeka, who is the guy in the living room talking to father?" Sasami asked as she dumped
the pot of water down the sink.

"What guy? Oh, Sasami when you showed Tenchi into the bathroom, did you make sure
there were towels for her?" Aeka asked.

"Ummm...no. Why?" Sasami replied.

"Because I removed the towels from the bathroom earlier today when I did the laundry.
I better go up there and get her some before she finishes." Aeka then stood up to leave.
As she passed the living room, she did notice the new stranger talking with father in low
voices. She went to the linen closet upstairs and grabbed a few soft bath towels for their
guest. She walked to the bathroom door.

Tenchi slid his back down the wall of the tub to submerge himself even deeper into the
warm water. What am I gonna do? They're gonna find out sooner or later. I might
as well go out as I am and get it over with. He stood from the tub and reached for a
towel, only to realize a second later that there were none.

"Hey, where are the towels?" Tenchi asked outloud.

Suddenly the door slid open and Aeka appeared with a stack of towels in front of her.
"Did I hear someone say towels? Here...you...goooooooooo..." Aeka stopped dead in
her tracks. It took a moment, but her brain registered that she was right now standing in
front of a wet, naked, BOY! She calmly placed the towels on the floor. Turned around,
walked out the door, and slid it shut. She then took a deep calming breath and screamed
at the top of her lungs. "AAAAAAIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!" 

Soun, the stranger, and Sasami all heard a scream upstairs. Aeka still screaming ran
downstairs. "AAAIIIIIIEEEEEEE!!! THERE'S A BAKA HENTAI PERVERT
RAPIST IN OUR HOUSE!!!"

"Aeka what's wrong?!?" Soun asked.

"There's a naked man upstairs! Some pervert rapist!! Who knows what he's already
done to that poor girl Tenchi!" Aeka shouted.

"Excuse me." Suddenly, everyone's attention shifted to the teenage boy at the top of the
steps making his way down.

Aeka pulled her bokken from her kimono. "Death to the baka hentai pervert rapist!!!"
She charged him taking wild swipes at his head.

"Please...(swipe)...Let...(swipe)...Me...(swipe)...explain...(swipe)..." Tenchi said in
between dodging Aeka's angry attacks.

The stranger with the glasses stood from his place on the floor. "Perhaps I can explain.
I'm Katsuhito Masaki and THIS is my grandson Tenchi." Aeka stopped cold at hearing
this. This is Tenchi?!? What the hell is going on?!? She thought.

Kiyone's head appeared from the top of the steps. "Will you keep it down! I'm trying to
study! Hey, who's the old guy and the kid?" Everyone just stared back at her "What?
What did I say?!?" She sniped.

Tenchi and Katsuhito sat side by side in front of the audience of three girls. Soun stood
up "Let me introduce you to my Sensei."

"Katsuhito Masaki," Katsuhito bowed "and this is my grandson." Pointing to Tenchi.

Tenchi bowed his head. "I'm Tenchi Masaki. Sorry about this." He turned his glance to
an angry Aeka, a confused Sasami, and an uninterested Kiyone.

"Are you really her? The girl who we met earlier?" Sasami asked.

"I am." Tenchi stated sadly.

"It's a long and confusing story. Where can I start? Wait! Oh, yes!" Katsuhito stood up
and picked up Tenchi by his collar, "Let's start with this!" He then proceeded to throw
Tenchi into the pond by Aeka's garden.

Tenchi let out a blood curdling scream as he flew out of the house into the pond. The
girls ran outside to the bubbles coming from below the surface of the water, then
suddenly a head emerged. It was the same blue-haired girl as before. "Geez, why did'ya
have to do that for grandpa?!? I just got out of the bath!" screamed the feminine voice of
Tenchi.

"Oh my! Tenchi's a girl again." Sasami gasped.

"Tenchi, quit whining! I figured it would be easier for them to understand if they had a
visual aid." Katsuhito explained and then turned around to walk back into the house.

The very angry Tenchi fumed. Then seeing Aeka's watering can left there from
afternoon, he grabbed it a chucked it in Katsuhito's direction drenching him in the
process. 

Everyone gasped. Where Katsuhito had stood, there was a giant panda instead. "That
visual enough for ya!" Laughed Tenchi. The Panda growled and took at swipe at the girl
behind him now. She in turn gave a face kick to the giant beast.

Meanwhile the girls sat dumbfounded, continuing to sip their tea. "Father, you do have
weird friends." Sasami stated.

Soun turned to his youngest child "They weren't always like this. It was their training in
China that had done this. Maybe we should give the a few minutes to collect themselves.

Several minutes and a pair of hot baths later....

Katsuhito and Tenchi sat again in front of the girls and began again. Katsuhito began.
"After my daughter and son-in-law's passing, I took Tenchi, a mere child of 6 then, into
my home. I began his training into becoming a Shinto priest, but the surroundings were
too painful for us. So we left in a spiritual journey to grieve and train. Last year we
decided to leave Japan and head into China. It was after several months of travel that
we stumbled into something that would change our lives forever..."

Two months ago...

Tenchi loosened the straps of his pack. He glanced at his grandfather looking straight
ahead further down the path. They had been traveling, what, some eleven years now.
Tenchi began to wonder if his training would ever be complete. They continued to walk
at a medium pace, which meant that since they were going "easy" that it had to be
Saturday. 

Tenchi and Katsuhito walked into a clearing and looked around. They saw several
dozen small pools and several poles sticking out from them 10-13 feet in the air. This
looked like some sort of training ground. 

"Kinda like home, eh Tenchi?" Katsuhito said he removed his pack and took his bokken
into his hand.

"Kinda weird if you ask me." Tenchi said.

"Well are you going to stand there are you going to join me?" Katsuhito barked. He
leaped up the length of one pole and positioned himself atop on one foot.

"Huh? Hey! What if this is private property?" Tenchi shouted back.

"Nonsense boy. If this was private property then there would have been a gate or
something. We're here, so we shouldn't waste a perfectly good opportunity to use a fine
training ground like this. Right?" Katsuhito laughed.

Tenchi shrugged and removed his pack. He grabbed his own bokken and jumped to the
top of a pole facing his grandfather. "Shall we?"

Meanwhile down another path, a short Chinese gentleman was walking down the path
that led to Jusenko. Suddenly his ears perked up at hearing wood clanging together.
Very odd, that sound like it come from training ground of cursed springs, but who
be foolish enough to go there? Suddenly he heard a loud splash. He immediately went
into a sprint towards whoever the fools were that decided that training there was good
idea. As he entered the clearing he noticed a teenage boy atop a pole looking down at
one of the pools. 

"Hey, grandpa! What's up? We finished already?" The boy said.

The Chinese man ran in shouting "Hey sirs!!! What you think you doing?!? Don't you
know that this is Jusenko?!?" 

"Jusenko?" The boy asked puzzled.

"Yes JUSENKO!!! The Legendary Training Ground of Cursed Springs! You must be
strange ones to fight here! Over one hundred spring now and each with own special
tragedy that happen there!" Shouted the Chinese man.

As if on cue, from the pool that Katsuhito fell into leapt a giant panda wielding a bokken
and landing on a pole near Tenchi.

"Augh! What the Hell is THAT!?!" Tenchi screamed pointing to the Panda facing him.

"That one Gi Nan Chaun, spring of drowned panda. Very tragic story of panda that fall
in and drown over two thousand year ago. Now legend say whoever fall in take body of
panda." The Chinese man replied.

Suddenly the Panda brought his bokken across Tenchi's legs and knocked him from his
perch. Tenchi flew backwards head first into a pool nearby. Tenchi emerged feeling very
peculiar. Very peculiar indeed.

"Oh too bad, You fall into Ni Nan Chaun, spring of drowned girl. Very tragic story of
young girl who fall in and drown over one thousand five hundred year ago. Now legend
say whoever fall in take body of young girl." Laughed the Chinese man.

Tenchi felt something wrong. He didn't remember his chest feeling so heavy. He opened
his shirt to investigate and his nose began to gush blood. The good news: He was staring
at a pair of very large female breast. The bad news: They belonged to
him...correction...her. Tenchi let out a blood curdling scream that could be heard through
all of China and some parts of Japan.

"See? You young girl now." Giggled the Chinese man. 

The present...

"After our 'accident' we decided to learn more about our condition. We found that hot
water would revert us back to normal, but cold water would change us into the form we
entered your home in. After month and a half, we decided..."

"What's with this 'we' stuff?!? You mean to say you decided..." Tenchi shouted.

Katsuhito grabbed Tenchi's collar again and hurled him into pond. Tenchi dragged
herself and trudged back in the house, up the stairs, stopping to give an evil glare to
Katsuhito and continued her journey to the bath. Everyone downstairs did not miss the
slamming of the bathroom door upstairs.

Katsuhito smirked and continued "We decided to return to Japan. He was coming of
age now and I did not forget my daughter's and your agreement. We needed a refuge
for a while so we came here to work out our plans for the future."

The future? Thought Aeka. What did he mean by that? The bathroom door slammed
again. Tenchi made his way back downstairs, though no one could miss the fact that he
was mumbling to himself "...Third bath tonight...grandpa no baka!...ruins my life and now
he wants to talk marriage...get him if it kills me..."

"Now Tenchi be civil." Chided Katsuhito. "We can't have these young ladies thinking
they're marrying a barbarian."

"I don't want them to think they're marrying me period! I'm only 17, I'm cursed, an
orphan, and my grandfather wants to marry me off. Can my life get much worse?"
Tenchi shouted to no one in particular.

Katsuhito proceeded to throw Tenchi once more, when Tenchi produced a small water
pistol and shot a small stream right between Katsuhito's eyes, transforming him into a
panda again. Katsuhito growled and made his way upstairs to the Tendo bathroom, a
place seeing more business that usual today.

"Now Tenchi, your curse isn't as bad as it could be. You have your choice of my three
lovely daughters, pick one and she will be your wife." Soun consoled.

Kiyone and Sasami spit their tea out in shock. After all this, he still wanted to go through
this arranged marriage stuff? Kiyone and Sasami shot each other a look and nodded.
They knew what needed to be done.

"I think Aeka is the most logical choice." Kiyone said with a smile.

"Yeah, she's the same age, she's a skilled swordsperson like you, she's very pretty..."
Sasami piped in. Aeka began to blush.

"And if you ever need to live on a budget you can share the same wardrobe." Kiyone
smirked. Tenchi threw a glare her way.

Meanwhile, Aeka continued to sit in the middle blushing. Even if he's a little weird, at
least he's cute. If it's been agreed a long time ago, why argue? She thought to
herself.

"Wait a minute! I don't want to choose anyone, besides we don't know how she feels
about it." Tenchi stammered hoping Aeka would throw a few choice arguments his way.

"Well, if it's in the name of family honor...I would be willing to make that
sacrifice...Tenchi-sama." Aeka said wrapping her arms around him.

Tenchi moaned. No help there. She wanted to get married. He had to find his options.
Marriage? No, DEFINITELY not that. His only option it seemed was ESCAPE! "Well,
I hate to be a dishonorable guest, but I must be leaving." He stated as he pried Aeka's
arms off him.

"But, where will you go?" Soun asked.

"I'm going back to China! I have to find a cure for my curse. This is no time for
Fiancees. Maybe in a few years, but now is not a good time. Goodbye." Tenchi turned
to walk out the front door. He never made it that far. As he turned his back on the
group, both Soun and Katsuhito both clubbed him in the back of the head with bokkens,
knocking him out cold on his face.

"Please don't judge him too harshly. He's had a rough few months. Give him time, I'm
sure he'll come round." Katsuhito said to Soun and Aeka as they dragged him upstairs to
the guest room. 

Tenchi awoke staring at the ceiling. What?!? I'm still HERE?!? I gotta get out of
here! Tenchi proceeded to get up, but found it impossible, then he realized why. He had
been tied to the bed! That old bastard! This was his Idea I bet. Suddenly Katsuhito
came into Tenchi's field of vision. Staring straight down at him. 

"Tenchi, I will let you go, if you promise not to leave and give this arranged marriage
some serious consideration before you run from it. This Aeka is a sweet girl, do you
wish to dishonor her, her father, your parents, and me for the sake of your foolish
pride?" Katsuhito stated calmly. 

Whenever grandfather mentioned his parents he immediately forgot himself. It was a
tactic the old man used far too often for Tenchi's taste, but he reluctantly nodded his
head. Katsuhito smiled and proceeded to cut Tenchi's bonds. "Now Tenchi give me
your word." 

"I swear, like a man, that I will not attempt to leave again." Tenchi boldly stated.

Katsuhito severed Tenchi's ropes. Tenchi stood to stretch his leg muscles. Tenchi felt a
breeze from the open window. Then he had a brainstorm. He pulled the water pistol
from his shirt again, causing Katsuhito to jerk back, but instead of aiming for the old
man, he doused...himself. "I gave my word as a man, I didn't say anything about not
leaving as a girl." Tenchi laughed as she jumped out the window and proceeded to make
her way through the yard and into the streets of Tokyo. 

She would of made it too, if Soun was not hiding in a tree and caught Tenchi behind the
back of the head with his bokken. Tenchi would develop an even bigger lump now. As
Tenchi lay face-down on the cold ground, Aeka looked down at Tenchi and then up at
her father in her tree. "Father, I wish you wouldn't sit in Tsunami like that." Aeka
moaned.

Tenchi awoke again staring at the ceiling. Tenchi let out a groan, which sounded very
feminine. Oh yeah, I changed into a girl before I tried to escape. She rubbed the
lump on the back of her head and winced. She then realized that she had free movement
of her limbs. Smiling at that fact, she sat up to come face to face with Aeka. Tenchi let
out a shriek. "I'm sorry, did I startle you?" Aeka asked quietly. She handed her a damp
cloth and a ice pack. "That's a pretty nasty lump you have there." Tenchi accepted it
graciously. "Tell me Tenchi-sama, how do you feel this marriage idea?"

"I'm against it. Why our parents decided this is beyond me" Tenchi pouted.

"I see." Aeka began to look downcast. "Why would anyone want to marry me anyway?"
Tears began to well up in her eyes.

Tenchi didn't like where this was headed. He/she never liked hurting someone else's
feelings. "No it's not that. You a very kind, wonderful person, it's that..." Tenchi
stammered.

Aeka eyes lit up at hearing this and wrapped her arms around Tenchi again. From an
outsiders point of view a scene of one woman wrapping her arms around another might
seem odd, but in Tenchi's life, this wouldn't raise an eyebrow. "Tenchi-sama You don't
know how happy those words make me. I promise to be the best wife I can be!"

Katsuhito and Soun patted each other on the back. The pair were taking to each other
after all.

Tenchi sat there with Aeka draped over her and with Soun and Katsuhito in the hall. She
would have to play this out for a few weeks. She couldn't take another hit to back of the
head tonight. She closed her eyes and tried to get some get some much needed sleep,
while Aeka continued to talk about the future wedding. Yes, Tenchi was very tired
indeed.

The next day...

"What about what I think!?! Who made you boss over me?!?" Tenchi yelled before
delivering a sweep kick that sent Katsuhito flying into Aeka's pond with a loud splash.
"So there." 

A few moments before this happened, Katsuhito was explaining to Tenchi that he had
enrolled him into the local high school, much to Tenchi's disapproval. 

Sasami ran out the door of the Tendo house. "See you later Tenchi! You'll be going to
the same school as Aeka, so she'll take you there." Sasami shouted as she ran to catch
up with friends waiting at the front gate. 

Then Aeka appeared on the front porch in her school uniform. "Tenchi-sama, why aren't
you ready yet? We'll be late if we don't hurry." 

"Well, I...um...can't go to school today...because...I...um...don't have a uniform or
books or anything like that." Tenchi said with much satisfaction at his excuse. Suddenly
the large Panda handed Tenchi a school uniform on a coat hanger and a brand new
school bag that seemed stuffed with books. Tenchi groaned, fumed, and finally relented
"OK, OK I'll go!" Tenchi ran upstairs to change. 

Tenchi examined the insides of his bag. As he thought it was crammed with books,
notepads, and pens. It also had one additional item of importance, an umbrella. Well
leave it to grandpa to be prepared. Tenchi gave a smirk. He threw on the black pants,
the white shirt, and the black pipe neck jacket. He also took his bokken and placed it in
his belt. Just in case. He grabbed the bag and made his way out the front door with
Aeka taking the lead.

As the pair made their way through the streets and alleyways, Tenchi saw that Aeka was
preoccupied. "Hey Aeka why are we rushing? We are making good time, so we'll be
there in plenty of time." Tenchi shouted between breaths.

"I'm hoping to make it before the unpleasantness this morning." Aeka said keeping her
pace.

"The unpleasantness? What is that?" Tenchi asked.

"Well, if we hurry, you won't have to find out." Aeka said. She looked at her watch and
frowned. Not good! Well never make it, of all the mornings to have to deal with
this...

The pair continued their mad dash toward Furikan H.S. Seeing the gates just ahead, the
two also could see the large clock tower and the clock said 8:20 am. The first bell
would be ringing soon. Tenchi continued to wonder what she meant by unpleasantness.
He would have his answer soon.

The two passed the gates of the school grounds. Suddenly the front doors swung open
and a stampede of young men flooded out. All of them were making a mad dash for
them. Tenchi got a good look at the horde and notice that they were all brandishing
sporting equipment of one type or another. Tenchi saw Aeka pull her bokken from her
backpack and gave a glance to Tenchi telling him that he should do the same. Tenchi
grabbed his bokken from his belt and prepared a defensive stance against the onslaught.

To his surprise, not a single one of the boys targeted him. Instead, they all charged
Aeka. She leapt from her crouched stance and began taking precise slashes at her
opponents. Tenchi stood dumbfounded. As she defended herself from a pair of hockey
stick wielding attackers she brought her sword down and shattered one's face mask.
Tenchi winced. He figured that had to hurt.

Aeka turned her attention to Tenchi, and was shocked. Why is he just standing
there?!? "What are you doing??? Why aren't you defending my honor?!?" Aeka asked
between dodging attacks and delivering her own. 

"Looks like you're defending your honor fine by yourself. What do you need me for, you
out match these guys just by yourself. It wouldn't be fair." Tenchi said with a shrug.

Aeka groaned. Obviously this guy had a lot to learn about women, or more specifically,
her. Just as soon as the battle began, it was over. Tenchi walked through the carnage
towards Aeka "Is this what you meant by the unpleasantness?" Tenchi asked as he
replaced his bokken back in his belt.

"Yes, sadly it is." Aeka said with a frown.

"And you have to go through that every morning?" Tenchi asked exasperated.

"Yes, and that's not the worst of it." Aeka moaned.

"What's the worst of it!?!" Tenchi asked, not knowing what could be worse than to have
to fight an entire army every morning before school.

"The worst part is...It's NOT over yet." Aeka replied loudly, turning her attention to the
main school entrance.

As if on cue, a man dress in a blue samurai kimono walked out through the main doors.
He draped a kendo sword, similar to Tenchi's and Aeka's bokken, over his shoulder.
The mysterious stranger spoke "So the Beautiful Aeka Tendo has defeated the legions of
fools once again, but does she dare spare with me? Or will she succumb to my charms?
For she may be strong and beautiful, she is still a woman and as such is weakened by
my presence."

Tenchi could see the disgusted look on Aeka's face. "Hey Aeka, who is this joker?"
Tenchi asked.

The stranger grew angry. "Who are you to address me like that?!?" 

Tenchi turned to face the intrusion "I wasn't addressing you at all, I was trying to talk to
Aeka."

"And who do you think you are, to allow yourself the privilege to talk to the fair Aeka
Tendo?" The Stranger growled.

"Well I am..." Tenchi began.

The stranger interrupted him. "Wait! Is it not the custom to introduce oneself first? Fine,
that I shall. I am this High school's kendo champion, the rising young star of the high
school fencing world. My name strikes fear in the hearts of all those who dare face me,
my peers call me the 'Blue Thunder of Furikan High.' Tatewaki Kuno, age 17."

Aeka grimaced. "Blue Thunder? Weren't you calling yourself 'Shooting Star' last week?"

Kuno unsheathed his kendo sword and pointed at Tenchi. "I Ask again, Who are you
and what is your relationship with Aeka?"

"Well, I'm...um...staying at the Tendo training hall..." Tenchi stammered.

"What!?!?!? Staying with the Tendos!?! Under the same roof as Aeka?!?" Kuno
shouted. He could feel his blood begin to boil.

"Actually, Tenchi's being very modest, he's not only staying with us, but...He's my
Fiancee!" Aeka gloated to Kuno.

Everything at that moment in Kuno's world shattered. Fiancee? That would mean that
the fair pure Aeka would never be his. NEVER! The only option was to kill the dog
who stands in his way between Aeka's and his happiness. "FIANCEE!?!?!
FIANCEE!?! I will never allow it! Prepare to DIE!!!!" Kuno charged in Tenchi's
direction and brought his sword down in a strike. 

Tenchi flipped himself backwards in the air to avoid the blade. "I am Tenchi Masaki of
the Masaki-Jurai School of the Anything Goes Sword Technique," Tenchi said while in
mid-air. He then threw his bag in Aeka's direction, "Here, if you're not going to make
yourself useful, hold this for a minute." He then drew his bokken from his belt and landed
on the ground in a fighter's stance. "And I accept your challenge."

Meanwhile unbeknown to Aeka, Tenchi, or Kuno, they were being watched through a
pair of high powered binoculars. Binoculars focused entirely on Tenchi. The eyes at the
other end belonged to someone very interesting.

Young thirteen year old, red-headed genius Washu Habeke sat looking out the top
window of Furikan H.S. Looking through her binoculars at the scene below. Having
been advanced through the lower grades quickly, she was preparing to graduate this
year. Despite being so young for high school, he was voted president of the Science club
and managed to wrangle a huge amount of funding it's way, though not all of it through
completely legal manners.

Washu giggled her school-girl giggle. She looked up at her friend sitting next to her.
"Who's that guy with Aeka Tendo?"

The girl squinted and shrugged "Don't know. Looks new."

"Well, he's about to challenge Kuno." Washu said.

"Whoa, talk about living dangerously." Her friend gasped. Suddenly a crowd formed at
the window to watch the action below.

"Hmmmm...He's interesting." Washu mumbled. Very interesting indeed. Washu slipped
from the front of the window and made her quiet exit from the classroom.

Meanwhile back down at ground level, Tenchi stared straight ahead at Kuno. Kuno
stared back. Above a crowd of students shoved at each window to catch the action and
higher still a dark menacing cloud loomed.

"So you foolishly decide to challenge me? Brave, but sadly slow witted. I'll make your
death as quick and as painful as possible." Kuno gave a grin. Tenchi gave a similar grin.

Pretty basic stance. He knows what he's doing, but he's no where near me or even
Aeka. I can't use full force, I might kill him. I can't do that, even if he is an idiot.
Tenchi thought. 

Kuno charged. Tenchi stepped out of the path of Kuno easy enough and batted his
bokken across Kuno's. Tenchi then poked Kuno in the back. Kuno turned around to
see Tenchi smiling. Kuno fumed. He gave a scream and slashed at Tenchi. Tenchi again
blocked with his bokken and parried the attack. Kuno continued to make repeated
stabs at Tenchi, with Tenchi parrying them all as if it Kuno were attacking him with a
twig. Tenchi glanced at the school clock and saw that it was 8:29.

"Let's finish this Kuno." Tenchi said impatiently. Kuno threw a slash through a tree,
directed at Tenchi's head. Tenchi ducked and brought his bokken up. Sending Kuno's
sword flying and embedding itself into a nearby wall. The school bell rang. Aeka
grabbed Tenchi's hand and dragged him into the school building. Kuno stood alone in
the field, surrounded by the fallen suitors and felt the rain begin to fall on him. He had
never been defeated so easily. From up above, he could hear snickers from the
windows of the classrooms. He went to his sword and unlodged it from the wall. He
then noticed something. He screamed at the top of his lungs and trudged into the school.
He would have his revenge...

"This is Tenchi Masaki. He has just moved here after traveling to China, so let's give a
warm welcome. However the fact that he is new, does not excuse him and Aeka Tendo
from being late. So go stand in the hall." The Teacher stated angrily.

Tenchi and Aeka stood in front of the classroom each holding buckets of water. Staring
straight ahead. Aeka turned to look at Tenchi who was wearing a smirk. "Tenchi-sama?"
Aeka started.

"Yeah, Aeka?" Tenchi replied.

"I wanted to thank you for defending my honor against Kuno today." Aeka said with a
blush.

"I didn't do it for you. I did it because he attacked me. Actually, it's your fault that he
attacked me in the first place. What is the deal with the horde of admirers?" Tenchi
shouted.

"Shhhhh...OK, it started early in the school year..."

Two Months prior....

"The vengeance of Heaven is slow but sure. If you wish to court the fair Aeka Tendo
then you must defeat her blade in combat. I will not allow any other conditions. Am I
making myself PERFECTLY CLEAR!?!" Kuno shouted from his podium during the
Furikan speech contest. All Male heads in the crowd nodded in obedience. All female
heads shook their heads in pity. 

The Present...

"Wait a second, he makes a stupid speech like that, and everyone follows his orders
blindly?" Tenchi asked astonished.

"Yup. They have to. He's the strongest warrior, or so he claims, in the school. Everyone
is afraid of him. Though, I don't know why. Every morning after I defeat the sheep, I
spar with him, give him a lump on his head and go on with my day." Aeka laughed.

"This is a very strange school, you know that don't you?" Tenchi asked.

"I'm reminded of that fact every day." Aeka smirked. "But, you know, Kuno won't
forget this. He's going to be out for blood. You should be careful Tenchi-sama." Aeka
said getting serious now.

"Don't worry about me, I can take care of myself. Besides, I sent my message to Kuno
that he shouldn't spar with me again loud and clear." Tenchi said with a laugh.

Message? What message? Aeka thought to herself.

Meanwhile in the classroom down the hall Kuno stared at his sword with an obsession.
He still couldn't believe it. On it's blade, carved in almost perfect kanji, it said 'Kun no
baka!' He now understood why he was only parrying his attacks. He wanted to send a
message to Kuno, or to be more specific, to insult Kuno. Tatewaki felt a presence over
his shoulder and glance at whoever it was that had decided to disturb him.

"Well Kuno looks like you met your match, eh?" Washu smirked.

"Oh, it's only you, little egghead. Go away, I wish to be alone." Kuno said with a
dismissive wave of his hand.

"I can't believe you didn't even realize what he was doing. I saw it clearly and I was on
the roof with binoculars...and it's Little Washu." Washu laughed.

"And to think that I thought that this Tenchi Masaki was good when he can't even spell
my name right!" Kuno growled. He then went to the board, grabbed a piece of chalk
and scrawled the kanji for 'capable' on the board. Tenchi's hadn't managed to finish
carving the message, though his intent was clear. "My name is written like THIS!"

"Actually isn't it more like this?" Washu laughed pointed to her kanji on the board. It
read 'incapable.' Washu laughed as she pointed out her superiority over Kuno once
again.

"You know I hate you." Kuno grumbled.

"Yes, but you need me." Washu grinned.

"Need you? Don't make me laugh! I have no wish to date with you." Kuno said with his
own grin.

"You moron! Who said anything about a date?!? I meant you need me in the sense of
the service I can provide." Washu groaned.

"What services?" Kuno asked, now very curious.

"I can help you get this Tenchi out of your hair." Washu said with a evil smile.

"Explain how." Kuno asked, now very excited.

"All you need to do is get him away from Aeka Tendo and I will do the rest." Washu
explained.

"What exactly do you plan to do?" Kuno queried.

"You don't need to know that. Do you want my help or not?" Washu asked impatiently.

Hmmm...to have the fair Aeka Tendo all to myself, I would make a deal with the
devil himself, or herself as the case be. What do I have to lose? Kuno thought to
himself. "I accept." Kuno stated.

"Good, now we need to get into the halls and put the plan in motion." Washu said.

"How do you plan to do that?" Kuno asked.

"Simple." Washu laughed and kicked Kuno right out of his chair.

"What the hell do you think you're doing?!?" Kuno shouted.

"Kuno, Hebeke, go stand in the hall. NOW!" The teacher shouted as he looked on at
the disturbance in his class. Kuno trudged out the door while Washu skipped, humming
a simple tune.

Kuno and Washu stood in the hall. Kuno pouted. Washu swayed nonchalantly. Washu
looked down one end of the hall, then the other and motioned to Kuno. "The coast is
clear, let's go!"

"What's the plan?" Kuno queried.

"I'll tell you when we get there." Washu mumbled.

"Why?" Kuno asked with more impatience.

"Because I haven't got one yet." Washu said.

Before Kuno could get another word in, Washu stopped him at the corner. She peeked
around the corner to check to see if the coast was still clear. She was surprised to see
Tenchi and Aeka already in the hall. Perfect...Don't have to go to him, I can have
him come to me. Washu thought to herself. She motioned Kuno to come closer to listen
to her.

"Ok, here's the plan. Both Masaki and Aeka are around the corner in the hall. Just lead
Tenchi this way and I'll take care of the rest." Washu ordered.

"How?" Kuno asked peeking around the hall to view Aeka.

"You're a smart guy, just think of something. Whatever you do, You must get Aeka
Tendo out of the way. Otherwise, I can't get Tenchi. Understand?" Washu asked
pointing to the diagrams she had drawn on the wall showing Kuno(X) leading Tenchi(Y)
past Washu(Z) where Z would take care of Y and X could have Aeka(Q) to himself.
Kuno nodded in understanding staring at the plans with complete misunderstanding.

"I'm way ahead of you. Just leave it to me!" Kuno said in his puffed up voice and slowly
walked around the corner.

Meanwhile on the other side of the corner, Tenchi and Aeka continued to stare straight
ahead. Tenchi shifted uneasily. Why do I feel like I'm being watched? Feminine
intuition perhaps? GET A GRIP MAN!!!!! Don't start thinking like that now! But I
can't fight the feeling I'm being watched. Tenchi thought to himself.

"Tenchi-sama...maybe it's only me, but do you feel like you're being watched? Feminine
intuition perhaps?" Aeka asked.

"Wouldn't know anything about it." Tenchi shifted even more uneasily.

"Ahem! Pardon me..." Kuno coughed.

Both Tenchi and Aeka flung themselves around to face Kuno. "Kuno, aren't you
supposed to be in class?" Both Tenchi and Aeka asked.

"Salutations Tenchi Masaki. Not only the have you stolen the fair hand of Aeka Tendo,
but you have defeated me in combat. You seem to be a very lucky fellow." Kuno calmly
said.

Lucky? Oh, if he only knew... Tenchi thought. "Kuno, do you actually want something,
or are you just here to listen to your own voice?" Tenchi smirked.

"Oh, I have a reason. You seem too lucky for just one man. I don't know how you
brainwashed this beauty, but I will free her from her imprisonment!" Kuno shouted. He
then grabbed Aeka and ran down the hall around the corner, leaving a stunned Tenchi.

Aeka realized that she was being carried sideways down a hall. She looked up to see
Kuno with a self satisfied smile on his face. She first felt anger, then panic. What was
Kuno planning to do with her? She decided to end this now, she reached for her
bokken. Then she slapped her forehead. She had left it in her desk. She decided to go
to plan B. "TENCHI-SAMA!!!! SAVE ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!" She screamed.

Tenchi continued to stand there stunned. He couldn't believe Kuno just grabbed her. He
couldn't believe Aeka had let him do it. He couldn't believe that Aeka wasn't fighting
back right now. Oh hell's bells I better go after them...Tenchi groaned. He grabbed
his bokken from his side. He still couldn't believe this school allowed students to carry
weapons on them, but maybe that was a good thing just this once. He broke into a sprint
down the hall to pursue. 

He rounded the corner that Kuno had went around earlier. As he came around he could
see Kuno going around another corner. Then something peculiar happened. He saw the
floor quickly approaching his face. They met with a passion. Tenchi began to wonder
how that had happened. He remember running around the corner, Pain, floor. The pain
part must be important. A sharp pain in the back of his head, just like when Katsuhito
and Soun try to keep him in Tokyo. Tenchi managed to get these last thoughts in his
head before completely passing out.

Washu smacked the pipe she held in her palm. Admiring her handiwork. Both Kuno and
Aeka were off somewhere. Now all she had to do was get him where she needed him to
be. She grabbed his ankles and began to drag him down the hall.

Things were starting to come back into focus. Tenchi looked around. Soun Tendo was
shaking him. "Tenchi wake up! It's time!"

"Time? Time for what?" Tenchi asked groggily.

"Time for the ceremony to start of course. Everyone is waiting!" Soun told urgently.

"What ceremony?" Tenchi asked even more confused. Wasn't he just at the school?

"Why the WEDDING of course! My god, you would sleep through the end of the world
if I didn't wake you for it." Soun shouted, pushing Tenchi along, through the door of the
dojo to the outside.

Outside a huge crowd of people turned to look at Tenchi. He could barely recognize
any of them. He saw Katsuhito up front, and Kiyone and Sasami sitting in chairs up in
the front row. Aeka, resplendent in a white flowing gown, a white veil covering her face.
Katsuhito motioned for Tenchi to come forward. He could hear the mumbling of the
crowd, but couldn't make any of the words out, except for three phrases.

"The day has come at last." Soun said.

"Doesn't Aeka look lovely?" Kiyone asked Sasami

"Yes, both Aeka and Tenchi make lovely brides." Sasami agreed.

BRIDES?!? WEDDING?!? What the hell is going on, how long have I been asleep?
Tenchi thought. He paused. He looked around again. Then he looked down at himself.
He was, to say the least, surprised. 

He was wearing a flowing white gown. A lock of blue hair fell in front of his eyes. He, or
rather she, turned around. Holding the train of her gown was a little panda. Soun
continued to push Tenchi forward, humming 'Here comes the Bride' the whole way up
the aisle. Pushing her in front of Katsuhito and beside Aeka, who was holding a bucket
of water. 

Katsuhito began speaking gibberish very fast. He paused and Aeka nodded. "What are
you saying?!? I don't understand!" Tenchi shouted, but Katsuhito continued mumbling.
He paused again and Aeka turned to him/her as if she expected him/her to do
something. 

"Well Tenchi. aren't you going to kiss the bride?" Katsuhito, Soun, Sasami, and Kiyone
asked in unison. Tenchi grabbed Aeka's veil and flipped it up, revealing...KUNO?!?

"So Masaki, we meet again." Kuno in drag grinned before drilling a kendo sword in
Tenchi's chest. Blood flowed all over the white gown. Tenchi began to black out, with
the blood spreading in a pool around her. Very cold blood. Very cold...

A sharp bright light came into focus in Tenchi's eyes. Is this the white light I hear so
much about? If it is, shouldn't it be warm and comforting? All I feel is cold. Tenchi
groggily thought to himself. He groaned outloud. It was masculine, or at least a close
approximation. He tried to sit up. He couldn't. He tried to focus his eyes. The rest of
wherever he was came into focus. He could see databanks, and large containers
containing bubbling liquids of all colors. He could also he that his wrist were strapped to
whatever it was he was laying on. 

He began to concentrate on that part. He could see that his wrist were strapped down
to a metal table. He could see that his ankles were strapped to the other end. He could
also see that he was strapped to the table in nothing but his jockey shorts. "So that
explains why I'm so cold." The table began to turn from a horizontal position to a vertical
position. A mechanical arm swung from the ceiling bringing a little security camera and
speaker in front of his person.

A voice came from the speaker. "I see that you're awake. That's good."

"Where am I? Better question, who the hell are you?!?" Tenchi groaned. He was still
feeling dizzy. The sharp pain in the back of his head came back to him. 

"I am Washu, how do you do? You are a guest of the science club lab. A very elite club
indeed." The chipper voice replied. The camera began to circle around the table viewing
him from different angles. 

Tenchi struggled a little in the uncomfortable manacles his hands were restricted in. "Well
considering that I'm anchored down to a cold metal table, I'm half naked, and I'm talking
to a tiny camera, then I'd have to say that I'm not doing very well."

"Aren't you curious as to why I brought you here?" Washu's voice asked.

"Well actually what I wanted to know the most was if you were going to let me go?
Followed by, why does my head hurt so much? But, why you brought me here is a close
third." Tenchi said with a smirk.

He wasn't sure, but he was almost positive he could see a huge sweat-drop forming on
the mini camera. "Of course I'll let you go, sweety...BUT, I must find out a few things
first." Washu's voice said in a sweet/demonic fashion.

"What things?" Tenchi asked nervously.

"Oh, my dear Tenchi, there's no need to be coy." Washu giggled even harder.

"No, really, what things do you want to know about?" Tenchi asked, very worried now.

"Oh, you know...your superior strength, speed, dexterity, agility, ability, do I really need
to continue the list. I mean, look how badly you humiliated Kuno." Washu said now in a
uncontrollable giggling fit.

"What?!? You needed to kidnap me to find out about that?!? It's because I trained really
REALLY hard since I was 6 years old. I've practiced the sword since I was a tike. I've
hiked all over this damn country, into other countries, and back again." Tenchi shouted.

"Oh, please Tenchi. You really expect me to believe that you are a mere mortal? Do you
underestimate my intelligence that much. Well, since you won't tell me, I guess we'll have
to do this the hard way..." Washu said with a frightening maniacal laughter.

"Let me go you little freak! LET ME GOOOOoooooooooooooo!" Tenchi screamed as
a pair of mechanical arms extended from the ceiling with hypodermic needles and
surgical instruments.

Since this is a nerve wracking time for the story to suddenly shift gears, that is exactly
what the story will do...

Aeka straightened her uniform. She peered over her shoulder to glance back at the pair
of feet peeking out of the Kuno-shaped hole in the wall. She heard the very audible
gurgling of the now unconscious Kuno. Aeka smiled.

Five minutes earlier, Kuno had roughly dropped her on a mat in the gymnasium. He
peered down on her with a self satisfied grin, and spoke in a booming voice "I, Tatewaki
Kuno, have released you, fair Aeka Tendo, from the foul grip of that demon Tenchi
Masaki. Come now and embrace your deliverer." 

Kuno held his arms open. What does he expect from me? A hug?!? Aeka thought
angrily. The vein on her forehead began to pulse in a very disconcerting manner. Her
eyes narrowed. Her lips pursed into a half smile, half snarl. Kuno stood there with his
arms still wide open, his eyes closed, he was already in his fantasy land of him being with
Aeka.

She looked up and him. She said in a slow growled voice "KUNO...NO...BAKA!!!" A
pummeled Kuno straight into the opposite wall, stressing the word 'baka', as she
delivered the blow with a giant mallet.

She snapped out of her blood lust fervor. She looked at the Kuno-shaped hole she
created. She then looked at utter amazement at the large mallet she was holding. "How
did I get this?" She asked out loud. She saw a little tag tied to the handle. It read
'throwaway gag, please ignore logic when using.' "Oh" said Aeka. She then threw the
mallet behind her back and it promptly disappeared to wherever it had come from. She
then walked out of the gym. 

"Now where is Tenchi. I will have to have a few words with him about this whole
'defending my honor business.'" Huffed Aeka as she marched straight into the halls in
search of her missing fiancee. 

Now back to Tenchi...

Tenchi had been confined to the table now for over an hour. He had been poked,
prodded, scanned, rescanned, and groped by the mechanical hands. He had gone
through all this and he had still yet to see the face of his hidden tormentor. 

"NO! NO! NO! This isn't right at all! I've done every test, every scan, even taken every
sample and it still says you're normal." The voice of Washu shouted in frustration.

"Didn't I tell you that already. You didn't need to stick me with needles and pull pieces
of my hair to tell you that." Shouted the very annoyed Tenchi.

"Let's see blood: normal, hair: normal, astral pattern: normal...everything is normal. OH!
I see now...I forgot to take the most important sample of all..." Washu's voice said. She
began to give a maniacal laugh.

Tenchi shifted, very frightened now. "Um, what sample is that?" 

"Why a sperm sample of course!" Washu giggled. Tenchi could see a new mechanical
hand lower from the ceiling. This one had a rubber glove on. It was quickly approaching
his jockey shorts. "Well it's time to shake the dew off that lily shall we?" Washu said in
full grown insane laughter.

"AUGH! What are you doing?!? STOP IT!" Tenhci screamed, seeing another one of
those damned robot hands pulling the waistband on his shorts.

"But Tenchi, it took me a long time to build these magic fingers." Washu pouted.

"I don't care. Listen you little freak, you just can't kidnap people and do these kind of
things to them." Tenchi shouted. His blood pressure was starting to build. The vein on his
forehead became visible. The look of pure anger/terror crossed his face.

Washu from her control room, monitored the situation. She saw Tenchi's vital signs
fluctuate. She also saw the angry look on his face, looking directly into the camera. She
went to the microphone. "Oh Tenchi, I can do these things and you know why? Because
I'm smart and I'm cute, so that's why." Washu said in a self-satisfied tone. 

Suddenly Tenchi's mental framework collapsed. He submitted to total fear. The
adrenaline was pumping in his body at an alarming rate. All he knew was that he wanted
free and he wanted free NOW! His muscles began to tighten, his breath became very
hyperventilated . He let out a primal scream. And snapped the restraints on his arms and
legs like they were made of Styrofoam. 

Washu sat in utter shock in her control room. All the numbers on Tenchi's vitals were
shooting through the roof. "Impossible," she screamed "those restraints are
unbreakable." She then paused for thought. She was right. He definitely was not a mere
mortal. She couldn't let him get away. "Mechanical arms: CAPTURE!" She screamed
through the microphone at her voice activated contraptions.

Tenchi stretched his limbs that had been detained in the manacles. Suddenly he felt the
presence of those wretched claws that had tortured him for the last hour. He gave a low
growl and flipped himself backwards. She saw a long piece of pipe-work attached to
the side of the wall. He tore it free from the confines and weighed it in his palms. A little
heavier than a bokken, but it should do Tenchi thought to himself in his dazed
thoughts. 

He pounced back into the fray and promptly brought the pipe down in concise slashes.
Severing the mechanical arms into a pile of metal and wiring. He saw one arm homing in
on his face. He instinctively ducked. Suddenly the arm struck the tank he was standing in
front of, puncturing it. It was a water tank. Tenchi felt the gushing, drenching spray of
cold water douse him...er...correction, her. She let out a very shocked scream. 

Washu was screaming in frustration in her control room. Printed data was flying form
printers, every panel was lit up like a Christmas tree. The monitor was barely able to
keep up with the blurred movements of Tenchi. She could see his outline underneath the
newly formed waterfall...

Tenchi's mind suddenly snapped back into reality. Shit! I can't let that little freak see
me like this, it will ruin me. Tenchi thought. She could feel the presence of the watchful
eye of Washu's security camera watching him. She would only get one shot at this, if she
failed it would all be over. Tenchi let fly the pipe like a javelin. It pierced the lens of the
camera perfectly. "Bulls-eye!" Tenchi shouted in her drenched glory. She then realized
that all she was wearing was a pair of jockey shorts and that she was a very naked girl
right now. She needed to find her clothes and fast.

"What the hell?!?!" Washu screamed as the picture went to all static. She realized that
Tenchi had probably escaped. She sat alone in the mess of printer paper and propped
her feet up on the control panel. She began to smile. "Oh well, there's always
tomorrow." Washu's smile turned into a grin, the grin turned into a giggle, and the giggle
turned into insane maniacal laughter. Laughter that echoed through the bowels of the
remains of the science club lab.

Tenchi found her uniform in a pile near the entrance to the lab. She grabbed them and
hurried to a dark corner to change. Tenchi swept the wet blue hair out of her eyes. She
buttoned up her shirt that was very tight and restricting with her new body. Damn, I
hate to admit it, but I might need to start packing a bra in my bag in case this
happens. Why couldn't I had fallen in 'Spring of Drowned Flat-chested Girl?'
Tenchi thought drearily to herself. 

Fully dressed in female form, in a male's school uniform she stepped back into the
hallway. Peeking first to see if the coast is clear. Tenchi saw Aeka walking up an
adjoining hall. Tenchi called out to her. Aeka turned to face Tenchi. She then marched
straight up to him. Tenchi did not like the look on her face.

"Tenchi-sama! What is the big idea of leaving me alone with that freak?!? Do you have
any idea what I...have...been...through..." Aeka paused. She looked Tenchi over from
head to toe. She saw a few peculiar things about his appearance. The first was that he
was drenched. The second was that he was now a girl. "Hey, what happened to you?"
Aeka asked.

"Let's just saw that the next time the science club is looking for donations, I won't be
contributing." Tenchi said in a low angry voice. Suddenly, both she and Aeka felt a
presence behind them. They turned to face it. It was their teacher.

"Miss Tendo, it is very interesting to see you here, instead of standing in front of the
classroom. And you young lady," The teacher said pointing to Tenchi, "why are you in a
boys uniform? This is very against school policy, and why aren't you in class?"

Tenchi felt trapped. She immediately bowed in apology and ran down the hall saying
"I'm very sorry. I'll go change right now." Leaving the teacher and Aeka standing there.

After Tenchi was out of view, the teacher turned to Aeka. "Miss Tendo, who was that
girl? I haven't seen her before." 

Aeka felt trapped. She immediately began to stammer "Well,
she's...um...my....um...cousin! Yeah, my cousin...um...Ten...Tenko! Yeah, Tenko
Tendo. She just moved here." 

"Tenko Tendo? Very well, you may wish to tell her about our uniform policies if she is
planning to attend Furikan for an extended period of time. I will see you and Mr. Masaki
after school today. If you see him, be sure to tell him that." The teacher then walked
down the hall and left a weary Aeka. This had not been a good day. She rested her
back against the wall and slumped down the wall to the floor. Not a good day at all.

Tenchi continued to run own the halls of her new school. She didn't know where she
was going, all she knew was that she had to get away from that teacher before he
started asking too many questions. Questions Tenchi couldn't give plausible answers to.
As she turned the corner, she saw the last person she wanted to see today, or even for
the rest of her natural life...KUNO.

Kuno shook his groggy head. Obviously, this was because of the cursed witchcraft, that
demon Tenchi Masaki had forced the fair, but tragically bewitched, Aeka Tendo to
learn. He stumbled his way down the hall and bumped right square into someone. "Hey,
watch where you're going. Do you have any...idea...who...I..." Kuno stopped in
mid-sentence. He was now staring at possibly the most beautiful girl he had ever seen. A
goddess with flowing blue hair. 

Kuno stood up and offered his hand to help the goddess from the floor. "Greetings fair
lady, you are unknown to me. Let me introduce myself. I am this high school's kendo
champion. The rising young star of the high school fencing world. My name strikes fear
in all those who dare oppose me. My peers call me 'The Blue Thunder of Furikan High.'
Tatewaki Kuno, aged 17. Please take my hand so you may be removed from this filthy
floor."

Tenchi continued to sit on the floor. She blinked a few times. Was this guy for real?
Tenchi stood up on her own.

"Oh, she is independent. I find myself even more attracted to her, for not only does she
have outer beauty, but inner strength as well." Kuno commented to himself out loud.
Kuno immediately embraced the very surprised Tenchi. "Please allow me to give you the
fair honor of allowing you to date with me."

Date with him?!? Tenchi felt very nauseous. She stood there growing more angry with
Kuno wrapped around her like a anaconda. Tenchi decided to dash this clown's hopes
right now. Tenchi grabbed Kuno's collar, much to Kuno's delight, and proceeded to do
a backwards throw, much to Kuno's displeasure. Sending him flying down the hallway
into the opposite end, leaving only a pair of feet sticking out of as Kuno-shaped hole.
Tenchi continued her exploration of the halls.

Oh, outer beauty, inner strength, and physical prowess! I find myself even more
attacted to her now. But what is her name? Kuno thought to himself before passing
out. 

Tenchi was feeling very weary. It wasn't even lunch yet and she had already been
challenged, attacked, poked, prodded, examined, attacked again, embarrassed in front
of a teacher, and propositioned. She needed to hide out for the rest of the day and make
her break for home when class let out. The best way to not get in trouble was to avoid
it.

Tenchi passed a stairwell in the hall and immediately had a brainstorm. She ran up the
flights of stairs all the way to the very top. The school's roof. Tenchi opened the door of
the stairwell on the roof and closed it behind her. She slumped down a wall and curled
up into a sitting ball and tucked her head into her knees. If this day was any indicator,
then she would have to catch any rest she could get, at any opportunity she could get.
The world around her began to grow dark. The warm sun hitting her face was a nice
feeling, and the gentle warm breeze was contributing to the drowsiness overcoming her.
Soon, Tenchi was snoring softly, nestled up on the school roof. All around her, life
continued normally. 

Tenchi snapped her head up from her curled-up position. She looked around and saw it
was now very dark. "Damn, I slept the whole day away. Grandpa and the Tendos are
probably wondering where I am. Oh well, I might as well get myself home." Tenchi
reached for the doorknob of the stairwell and she realized that it wouldn't turn. 

"Dammit! They must lock it at night. Now, how am I supposed to get down?" Tenchi
walked to the edge of the roof and looked down. It wasn't too high for her. If push
came to shove, she could climb down. It wouldn't be easy, but it's not impossible either.
Suddenly Tenchi felt a presence that she couldn't quite place.

She heard a faint jingling of a bell from somewhere above her. Tenchi looked up and
saw a young spiked blue-haired woman dangling a small ball-like bell on her finger. She
flicked the small bell toward Tenchi. Tenchi caught it easy enough. The woman smiled
and said one word in a soft girlish voice.

"Ryoko."

                          To Be Continued...

                            Author's Notes:

In case the title pic didn't clue ya in, Tenchi's Girl half is in fact Mayuka from Tenchi
Muyo the Movie 2: Daughter of Darkness. It seemed like a logical choice to me. 

Here's the bit of legal mumbo jumbo for ya...Tenchi Muyo! Is property of Pioneer and
AIC and Ranma 1/2 is property of Viz Video. Please don't sue me, I'm a poor college
student, and thus don't have any money.

Don't worry, all those cast characters that didn't make it into part one will definitely
being showing up in the future sometime. But with Part One pushing thirty pages, I had
to stop somewhere and I thought that this was a good place. 

A brief explanation about "Hammer-space" : Hammer-space is a dimension entirely
populated by mallets of all shapes and sizes. Usually, only females seem to have the
ability to access this dimension and only in the presence of extreme chauvinism. There
are exceptions to this, but they are too dull to really talk about here. 

If you liked this story and wanna post it on your own fan-fiction archive, go ahead. Just
please E-mail me if ya do. I love to see my work in other places.

Comments and Criticism are welcome, send them to makoto_chan13@hotmail.com 

          The Border between madness and genius is narrow...I'm proof,

                     Jason "BoneparteOzaki" Bertovich

                  (www.geocities.com/Tokyo/Dojo/7656/)

                     (makoto_chan13@hotmail.com)