	Tenchi Muyo! Is the property of Pioneer/AIC.  I don't own them and 
couldn't afford the copyrights anyway.  Ah! My Goddess! Belongs to Kosuke 
Fujishima, and I in no way intend on infringing on such a legendary figure's 
copyrights.  I have no idea where this came from.  This started as an intro for 
another story I am working on and evolved into this.  Please forgive me if you 
don't like it.  This is my first work without the net of a proofreader, so if 
there are errors let me know.  This story takes place outside the scope of my 
main story, Illusions of Life, but it is still in the same reality.  I am out of 
inspiration for the moment and this is all I have.  It will get finished, but 
probably not until after I get chapter 4 of Illusions out.  Thank you and Enjoy. 
^_^


K1 Goddess Syndrome
Chapter 1: Invitations



	The sounds of the city are a truly amazing thing, especially when you 
aren't used to them anymore.  The sounds of thousands of people, of vendors and 
customers haggling away, of the clanging din of traffic are all wondrous after 
so many years of quiet country life.
	*At least all the noise is normal*, sighed Tenchi Masaki as he walked down 
a crowded street.  Out on his own, without any of the girls, the brown-eyed 
first crown prince was just wandering aimlessly, losing himself in the sights 
and sounds of city.  
	Tenchi breathed deeply and exhaled slowly.  Maybe this was going to be a 
good day after all.  The young man began walking with a purpose through the 
streets.  On the way to his destination, he passed by a small shrine.  Looking 
in, Tenchi recognized it as an old family shrine.  It was obvious that the 
shrine was taken care of.  Taking a closer look, Tenchi noticed that it appeared 
as if the shrine and its grounds had been turned into a home.  Curious as to who 
would do such a thing, Tenchi entered the grounds and headed to the front of the 
shrine.
	Before the brown haired boy could reach the doorway, the door slid open.  
Standing there was a short male with black hair and a kind expression.  He wore 
a shirt that had the initials N.I.T.M.C. in a diagonal across the front.  The 
young man grinned at Tenchi.
	"Well I'll be," the young man said with a chuckle.  He looked at Tenchi 
for another moment before shaking his head and laughing. 
	Looking over his shoulder, the black haired man said, "Looks like you were 
right, Bell.  He looks just like you said."  Tenchi just looked at the man in 
puzzlement.  Seeing the look on his guests face, the shorter man stood up 
straight and walked out of the doorway.  He bowed his head slightly at Tenchi.
	"My name is Keiichi Morisato."  The man, Keiichi, extended a hand.  "My 
friends and I live here.  Nice to meet you."  
	The thoroughly confused Tenchi just scratched the back of his head as he 
shook hands with Keiichi.  "My name is Tenchi Masaki," he said sheepishly.  
"How'd you know I was here?" he asked after the two finished shaking hands.
	Keiichi began sweating a little bit as he replied, "Oh, I don't know.  
How's a lucky guess sound?"  Keiichi threw Tenchi a smile; Tenchi just grinned a 
bit and stopped scratching his head.
	"If you say so," Tenchi said.  "But how did this 'Bell' know I was here?"  
Tenchi asked with a smile as he heard footsteps heading to the door.
	"Keiichi, aren't you going to invite him......Oh!"
	Meanwhile, Tenchi was staring, mouth slightly agape at what he was seeing.  
A young woman dressed in a simple tan and white-stripped dress.  She had a white 
frilly apron over the dress and she had been rubbing her hands in a dishtowel 
before she dropped the towel in surprise.  What caught Tenchi's attention was 
her absolutely massive ponytail of caramel brown hair.  She wore a single large 
lock that fell in front of her right shoulder, but the rest was braided down the 
center of her back.
Keiichi, meanwhile was just staring at the woman he had called 'Bell' and the 
boy Tenchi.  Suddenly, the single mark on the girl's forehead started to glow 
with a warm blue light.  Keiichi gulped, since this meant that she was using 
some sort of power.  Looking at the boy, he was shocked to see three glowing 
triangles had appeared on his forehead.
	"W...w...what's going on?"  Keiichi cried.
	Just as suddenly as the light show started, the marks on the two people 
vanished.  The girls face was calm once more, but Tenchi was holding his head 
and stumbling as if he were groggy.  Tenchi looked up at the two people that 
lived in the shrine.
	Blinking his eyes as he attempted to focus them, Tenchi said in a 
quavering voice, "Who *are* you people?"
	Keiichi looked at the girl, who only nodded her head and smiled.  As the 
girl walked in, she whispered in something in the short man's ear.  Keiichi 
nodded his head and turned to Tenchi.
	"Come on inside, Tenchi.  We'll all sit down, have dinner, and talk."  
Seeing Tenchi's hesitation, Keiichi smiled at Tenchi.  "Don't worry, we're not 
out to hurt you.  Belldandy will explain everything once dinner is ready."  
Tenchi only nodded and walked up the steps.  
Keiichi stopped him at the door.  "Why don't you invite your friends to come in 
with you, Tenchi."   When Tenchi looked at him quizzically, Keiichi shrugged his 
shoulders.  "Belldandy said that some friends of yours were floating around.  I 
can't see them, but she said they were behind you.
Staring intently, Tenchi saw a shimmering image of a girl with spiky hair.  She 
appeared to be holding a small bundle.  Tenchi sighed in both recognition and 
resignation.  *Looks like Ryoko's checking up on me*, he thought with a grin.  
Sighing, he turned toward the shimmering form.
	"All right, Ryoko, come on out," Tenchi shouted.  "You too, Mayuka...come 
to Daddy," Tenchi said with a smile on his face and in his voice.  He caught, 
out of the corner of his eye, Keiichi's expression as the young man's jaw hit 
the floor and his eyes grew to the size of saucers.  Tenchi just chuckled in 
embarrassment.
	Raising his right hand to the back of his head, the brown-eyed boy turned 
to face Keiichi.  He spoke to the shorter man, saying, "Don't worry, it's a long 
story.  I'll tell you about it as soon as they get here.

---------------------------

	Sitting at the docks, rocking a sleeping Mayuka, Ryoko had been absent-
mindedly checking up on Tenchi in her astral body.  She gasped when she saw the 
display of power from the girl Belldandy, and then from her beloved Tenchi.  She 
was shocked further when she heard the girl tell the short, black haired young 
man that Tenchi had a few friends watching him.  She didn't think anyone could 
see her like this, except maybe Tenchi.  Ryoko's surprise redoubled itself when 
Keiichi and Tenchi looked at her, and then Tenchi invited her to come along.  
She was confused.  Hadn't Tenchi gone to Nekomi to be alone for a while?
	Deciding not to look a gift cabbit in the mouth, Ryoko, immediately re-
inhabited her body.  Quickly gathering up Mayuka's baby bag, Ryoko stood and 
looked around.  She almost left right then and there, but decided to tell at 
least Sasami where she and Mayuka were going.  Acting as quickly as she could 
without waking the baby, Ryoko flew toward the house.  She stopped momentarily 
when she saw Ayeka and Kiyone working in the garden.  She almost called out to 
them, but then decided that only she had been invited; there was no need to 
bring along a lot of extra visitors.
	Ryoko resumed her flight and phased through the glass door in the living 
room, heading immediately to the kitchen.  She noted that Mihoshi was asleep on 
he couch as she flew by.
	As usual, the younger princess of Jurai was standing in front of the sink 
preparing something for the evening meal.  Ryoko touched down gently, being 
careful not to wake the baby.  She coughed slightly to announce herself to 
Sasami.  
	The blue haired girl turned around slightly to see who was there and 
smiled when she saw Ryoko.  "What'cha doing, Ryoko?"
	Ryoko smiled fondly at her young friend.  "Oh, nothing much.  I am taking 
Mayuka out for a little bit, we're going to go meet some friends."
	"Say high to Belldandy and Urd for me, Ok?"  Sasami said as she turned 
back to her cooking.  Ryoko just looked at her in shock.
	"Sasami, how did *YOU* know about her?"  Ryoko blurbed with disbelief.
	"Oh, I've known about her for a while, Ryoko."
	Ryoko just shook her head.  "But how?"
	Sasami turned back to Ryoko so that their eyes met.  The two marks on her 
forehead changed and began to glow.  The shimmering form of Tsunami appeared 
over the blue haired princess.
	"Sasami knows them, because I know them Ryoko," Tsunami said, her voice 
kind.  "You should go now.  It's not polite to keep Tenchi waiting, is it?"  
Ryoko nodded her head dumbly and faded from view.  Tsunami and Sasami just began 
laughing as Tsunami faded and Sasami went back to her cooking.

----------------------------

	Tenchi and Keiichi were standing outside talking.  It turned out that 
Keiichi was about to start his last year of regular college and move on to 
graduate school for engineering over at N.I.T.  Tenchi, meanwhile, had come to 
Nekomi to look at the N.I.T. campus for the architecture and spatial 
engineering.  The two were just about to get into a heated discussion about 
engineering when Ryoko and Mayuka phased into view.  Neither of them had been 
too surprised, though Keiichi did a double take when he saw the color of 
Mayuka's hair.  He looked at Tenchi, then to Ryoko, and finally to the baby.  
Keiichi just shook his head in confusion
	"Sorry I'm late Tenchi, I wanted to tell Sasami where I was going with 
Mayuka."
	Tenchi nodded his head.  "It's ok, Ryoko."  Tenchi walked over and 
introduced Keiichi to Ryoko.
	"Ryoko, this is Keiichi.  Keiichi, this is my good friend Ryoko."  Keiichi 
raised an eyebrow when he saw the look on Ryoko's face, and the fact that Tenchi 
was NOT looking at Ryoko as he was talking.  Ryoko was looking at Tenchi the 
same way that Belldandy would look at him.  "And this is my daughter, Mayuka."  
The little baby, awakened by her father's voice, was giggling happily as Tenchi 
took her from Ryoko.  He then proceeded to tickle her stomach.  Keiichi shook 
Ryoko's hand and nodded with a smile at Mayuka.
	Looking directly at Ryoko, Keiichi asked, "So, uh, um, is the baby yours?"  
He saw the wistful look on Ryoko's face as she shot a glance at Tenchi, whose 
face reddened just a bit as he smiled sheepishly.
	"No, the baby's not mine, I just take care of her the most.  Makes me feel 
useful at home," She said.  Keiichi worried for a moment that he might have 
upset her but he felt much better when he noticed she had a soft smile on her 
face.  "Maybe one day..."
	Tenchi looked up at Ryoko, the blush on his face darkening visibly.  He 
smiled a bit and then cast his eyes downward, concentrating on his baby.  *Maybe 
one day*.........  His eyes got round as saucers as he registered what he had 
been thinking.
	Deciding to move the moment along lest things become awkward, Keiichi 
said, "Well, let's all get inside then.  Belldandy's probably got dinner done by 
now."  
Ryoko's eyes lit up at the mention of food and Tenchi inwardly groaned.  He 
hoped that her appetite didn't ruin these two people's impression of him.  With 
a sigh, Tenchi placed a hand on Ryoko's shoulder as the four of them walked into 
Keiichi's house.
Tenchi whispered into Ryoko's ear.  "We don't know these people, so don't forget 
to compliment her, ok?  I know you can't taste it, but try and be polite to the 
cook, alright?"
"Ok Tenchi," Ryoko said with a smile.  She remembered a visit she had paid to 
Washu's lab early in the morning and her smile widened a bit.  *Well, I had 
hoped to be at Tenchi's for dinner, but that's ok.  This should be kinda private 
anyway*.... Ryoko thought to herself.



K1 Goddess Syndrome
Chapter 2: Sensations

*This is going to be quite a meal*, Ryoko thought to herself.  As the cyan 
haired former space pirate walked with Tenchi and Mayuka into the Keiichi 
Morisato's home, she thought back on the events that had lead her to enter 
Washu's lab.  She laughed a little bit.  *Yes, quite a meal indeed*, Ryoko 
thought with eager anticipation.  Even though her first meal of the day hadn't 
been anything unusual, the yellow-eyed demoness knew this dinner would be an 
entirely different affair.

-----------------------

Breakfast had been the same old event this morning, with Ryoko shoving the food 
in her mouth as fast as she could.  Ayeka, of course, had been slightly 
disgusted with the former space pirate and had said something.
	"Ryoko, do you even stop to chew your food?  How can you even taste what 
you are eating like that?"  Ayeka had demanded in an icy tone.
	Washu had seen the quick look of pain that had crossed her daughter's face 
on this and many other mealtimes at Ayeka's barbed remarks.  Washu grinned just 
a little bit since this would be the last day her daughter had this little 
problem. 
	Ryoko just grinned a food filled grin at Ayeka to hide the pain and went 
on eating.  Hopefully no one would see the single tear that had rolled down her 
face when she had told Sasami that the food was wonderful.
	Today would not be one of those days though.  Tenchi had indeed seen the 
tear roll down the pirates face.  He was tempted to ask Ayeka to leave Ryoko 
alone, but he was sure that the only persons that knew Ryoko couldn't taste 
anything were Tenchi and Washu.  

On one of her first nights in his home, after Ayeka and Sasami had been forced 
to stay, Tenchi had caught Ryoko taste testing everything in the cupboard and in 
the fridge.  He had watched her take a sip of vinegar without even flinching, 
then moving on to dry milk.  Tenchi had watched the scene for a minute when 
Ryoko started crying, wailing against her inability to taste.  He then came to 
her and held her.  After comforting her, Tenchi had told her that he had seen, 
and made a promise not to tell anyone.  And he had kept that promise.

	After Breakfast, Tenchi left to go on a one-day trip without everyone.  
Ayeka and Ryoko had objected, but Washu thought her daughter objected only 
because Ayeka did, not because she didn't understand the real reason he was 
going to look at the N.I.T. campus.  As the group separated, Washu put a hand on 
Ryoko's shoulder before the cyan haired girl teleported herself and Mayuka to 
the Onsen.
	Washu looked up at her daughter who looked over at the diminutive 
scientist with disinterest.  "Could you come with me to the lab for just a 
moment Ryoko?"  Washu mentally grimaced when she caught a shaft of fear, 
distrust, and anger across their link.  "I promise I won't tie you up or do any 
tests, I just have something to show you."  Washu looked at her daughter, naked 
emotions of fear and hope in her eyes. 
	"All right Washu.  Just make it quick, I wanna take a bath." 
	The red-haired scientist nearly leapt for joy when her daughter said yes.  
"You won't regret it, Ryoko!!" and Washu led Ryoko and Mayuka into the sub-space 
lab.

-------------------------

	While the insides of the lab hadn't changed much, Washu led the two deeper 
into the lab, past the garden, past the animals, even past the area where Ryu-Oh 
grows.  Finally, the trio arrived in front of a set of doors.  Unlike the rest 
of the lab, this door was barred with a force field and had a small stand with 
an indention in the shape of a hand.  Ryoko blinked when she felt Washu shimmer 
next to her.  Looking over, she was surprised to see Washu in her adult form.  
Washu glanced over her shoulder at her daughter and smiled.
	"I can't get into this part of the lab unless I am in my adult form.  My 
most precious work is in here; No one, not even Kagato, ever got in here."  
Ryoko shuddered at the name of Washu's former student.  She watched as Washu put 
her hand in the reader.  The security shut itself off and the suddenly timid 
Washu turned to Ryoko.  "Step inside, my daughter..." Ryoko just snorted and 
walked in.  She didn't see Washu's shoulders slump a little bit at her 
dismissive actions.
	Looking around, Ryoko was in shock.  There were four rooms in here.  One 
appeared to be a largish laboratory; Ryoko noted that there was a computer in 
the back of that room the size of Tenchi's entire house.  *Must be her main 
computer then*, Ryoko thought to herself.
	The Second room had a window running along its length.  It appeared to be 
a playroom, of all things.  It had many children's toys and books scattered 
around.  There was even a small bed in the center of the room, a plush version 
of Ryo-Ohki sitting on it.  Ryoko felt a slight tingle in her mind.  It was like 
an itch that wouldn't go away.  When she took her eyes from the room and looked 
at the next one the feeling faded.
	The third doorway was closed, but there was a large pink crab on the door 
and it said 'Washu', so Ryoko assumed it was Washu's bedroom.  A wave of 
curiosity plunged over the former space pirate and tempted her to look inside 
her "mother's" bedroom, but she stopped after taking one step towards it.  Ryoko 
was surprised to feel fear, hope, longing, and a slew of other emotions pouring 
across the link to her mother.
	Washu, in her adult form, stood in the entrance to the last room.  She 
looked directly into Ryoko's eyes, and Ryoko saw tears in Washu's eyes.
	"Oh my little Ryoko.  I've wanted to show all of this to you for the 
longest time, but I just couldn't make myself."  Washu ran a hand across her 
face to wipe away the tears before she continued.  "It's only a little further, 
and the tour of our home is over, my little Ryoko."
	Ryoko stopped dead in her tracks.  *Our home*?  Ryoko looked first to 
Washu, then to the other rooms.  *Funny, I don't remember any of that*, Ryoko 
thought to herself.  *I get the feeling I should though*.
	Washu let out a slight sob.  "You don't remember because Kagato took all 
of that away from you."  Ryoko gasped, and Washu looked at her daughter with 
sadness in her eyes.  "He took anything from you that you thought was peaceful 
or happy.  He removed your memories, your senses, everything that you took joy 
in."
	"I know that not tasting anything has bothered you for the longest time.  
I also know that Tenchi knows."  Washu saw Ryoko's eyes widen at this.  Ryoko's 
anger started to build, and everything came out in a rush.  "I didn't say 
anything to you before my daughter, especially about this place, because I 
wanted you to build some happy memories before I let you know about the ones you 
lost."  Washu's tear streaked face looked directly at Ryoko's.  Ryoko's face was 
hardening into an emotionless mask as Washu continued.  "Please, come inside 
here and see what it was I brought you down here for."  
	Although quite skeptical and unsure of her continued control, Ryoko 
followed her mother into the last room.  She stopped dead in her tracks after 
walking mere feet into the room.  Ryoko felt her arms and legs go weak as she 
looked around.  Seeing this, Washu gently took the baby from her and set Mayuka 
in a floating crib, just outside the room.
	Inside the room stood a single table and a small floating crib.  Near this 
table was a broken glass cylinder.  On the back wall were holograms of Ryoko.  
The images appeared to be different stages in her growth, with information 
pertaining to development.  The computers in here were monitoring everything 
piece of information about the different holograms, from blood flow to her 
cellular structure, even the mental stability of the Hologram's Matrix.  Ryoko 
just stood there with her mouth open.  Everything in this room looked as if it 
were designed to monitor *her*.  It was mind-boggling.  After a few moments, 
Ryoko finally managed to get her mouth and voice working.
	"Mom, what is all this?"
	Washu beamed with pure joy when Ryoko called her 'mom'.  "This is where 
you were born Ryoko.  These are the computers I created solely to monitor and 
assist in your creation."  Washu put a hand on Ryoko's arm and drew the cyan 
haired girl's attention to her.  "And this is where I can give you some of your 
past back."
	Ryoko just looked at her mother in complete shock.  She couldn't believe 
that this was where she had been born.  Then the last thing Washu said sank in.  
...Some of your past...  "W...what do you mean?"  She asked with the mixed 
emotions of fear and hope.
	"It's not much," Washu began, "but I can give you your sense of taste 
back.  I cracked the problem late last night," the diminutive scientist informed 
her shocked daughter.  "Now hold still..." and Washu stuck her daughter with a 
small needle.
	Ryoko jumped a little bit when she felt something jab her, but before she 
could find out what, a new sensation occupied all of her focus.  Suddenly, Ryoko 
could taste the left over flavor of eggs.  In awe, she felt herself begin to 
recognize all of the different tastes that the meal she had just consumed 
consisted of.
	And almost immediately retched into a conveniently placed bucket.  Washu 
just beamed at her daughter.  Ryoko fell to her knees clutching the bucket as 
she retched the equivalent of a six-course meal.
	"Won't eat so many different things at once now will you Little Ryoko," 
Washu teased as her daughter finished losing her breakfast.  When Ryoko shakily 
stood, Washu moved to steady her daughter.  Ryoko moved too quickly though.  
Before she could blink, Washu found herself wrapped in the former space pirate's 
fierce embrace.  Washu almost instinctively moved to push her away, but then her 
mind caught up to what was happening.  So Washu returned her daughters hug with 
one of her own.  
	Mother and Daughter held each other for many minutes.  Both of them had 
begun crying, but they held on to each other anyway.  Finally, all their tears 
spent, the two separated.  Ryoko wiped her eyes and spoke first.
"Thanks, Washu.  This means so much to me", Ryoko said in between sobs.  "No 
more lying to Sasami, no more eating like a pig.  I can finally be more... 
normal.  Thank you ...M... Mom."  Washu started crying again, though her smile 
told Ryoko that she was crying tears of happiness.  Washu ran her arm over her 
eyes and smiled.
"Alright, you and Mayuka get out of here Little Ryoko.  Have a good bath."  
Washu looked at her daughter expectantly.  "Will I see you at Dinner?"  Ryoko 
just smiled as she collected Mayuka.
Ryoko answered with a grin, "Sure thing Washu."  She turned to leave, and then 
stopped.  She looked over her shoulder, and in a trembling voice said, "Can I 
get back in here if I want to?"
Washu nodded her head.  "Only you and I can get in here safely my dear.  Now run 
along, your mom's got a lot of work to do."  Mother and daughter smiled warmly 
at each other for a moment before Ryoko teleported away.

---------------------------

Just thinking about the mornings event nearly made tears of joy spring from 
Ryoko's eyes.  Then she remembered what she had told Washu.  *I'd better tell 
Washu what's going on*, Ryoko thought to herself.
Ryoko focused her thoughts on her mother.  *Hey, Washu.  I'm going to dinner 
with Tenchi and some new friends*.  Ryoko felt a small bit of disappointment 
across the link.  *Can I have a cup of sake with you later, mom*?  She asked in 
an effort to make things up to Washu.
Washu was a little disappointed she wouldn't get to be there for her daughter's 
first real meal.  Then Washu caught Ryoko's trailing surface thoughts.  *Oh, so 
Tenchi invited her to dinner*, the diminutive scientist thought.  *Can't blame 
her.  It's a rare thing when Tenchi spends time with just one of the girls*.  
Glowing with matronly pride, Washu realized that her daughter had actually 
thought about her feelings.  *I guess things really ARE improving*!
Humor rang through their link as Washu replied, *Sure thing hon. Just don't stay 
out too late and keep your mom worried, Ok*?  Ryoko laughed along with her 
mother.  *Be a good girl, ok Little Ryoko*?  And with that final thought Washu 
closed her end of the link.
--------------------

	*Things really are improving between me and Washu*, Ryoko thought happily.  
She noticed that Tenchi was looking at her with a smile on his face.  This 
puzzled Ryoko a bit.  Glancing around, she noticed Keiichi was looking at her as 
well.
	"What?"  The former space pirate asked.  She was slightly uncomfortable 
with all the attention being placed on her.
	Tenchi smiled a bit more and said, "You just started laughing out of the 
blue, Ryoko."  Tenchi continued smiling even though he didn't know why Ryoko had 
laughed.
Ryoko blushed a bit when she realized that she had laughed out loud with her 
mother.  *Whoops*, she though to herself.  *I gotta keep a little closer guard 
on myself.  I must be out of practice*.  Sighing a bit, Ryoko slipped an arm 
through Tenchi's and motioned toward Keiichi and the door.  For once, Tenchi 
didn't stiffen up and get uncomfortable with Ryoko's closeness.  Ryoko started 
smiling even more.
"Let's go inside, Tenchi."
Tenchi and Ryoko were pleasantly surprised upon entering Keiichi's house.  The 
furnishings were simple but elegant, with soft paintings and Calligraphy 
proverbs adorning the wooden walls.  After removing their shoes, the three 
adults and one baby went on a slight tour of the house.  Keiichi explained that 
he had one other houseguest, but that she was away on business.  Tenchi noted 
that though there were four bedrooms, Keiichi was circumspect about who slept in 
which room, merely rubbing the top of his head and blushing a bit.  The rest of 
the house appeared to be, unlike its occupants, quite normal and unassuming.  
While they walked around, Keiichi explained how it was like living on his own 
(relatively), and what it was like living with someone of the opposite sex.  
That got quite a bit of sympathy from Tenchi, especially since Tenchi was living 
with six females, all of which he wasn't directly related to.  
Tenchi noticed that Ryoko was just smiling through most of the stories that 
Tenchi and Keiichi traded.  *Must be in a really good mood*, Tenchi thought.  
Tenchi was bouncing Mayuka in his left arm.  Listening to her chirps of delight, 
he didn't even register that he still held Ryoko's hand with his own while their 
arms intertwined.  *Wonder why she's in such a good mood*? (Hey, he is still 
Tenchi, after all! ^_^)
Finally the group reached the dining room.  Belldandy stood at the entrance to 
the kitchen and was smiling at them.  Tenchi noted that dinner was not out on 
the table just yet, but that the places were already set.  He also noted that 
there was a small baby chair just for his daughter.  Belldandy spoke from her 
vantage point in the kitchen's doorway.  
"Everyone make yourselves comfortable, I'll be serving dinner in just a moment."  
Keiichi proceeded to show everyone to their places at the table.  Looking around 
when everyone was seated he thought, *looks like this will be an interesting 
evening after all*.  Keiichi grinned as he took his place at the table.



K1 Goddess Syndrome
Chapter 3: Expectations



Finally, after just a few more minutes, Belldandy called Keiichi into the 
Kitchen.  The young man excused himself from the conversation he was having with 
Tenchi and Ryoko to go help Belldandy.  The two of them brought out multiple 
serving platters for the meal.  It appeared that Belldandy had made Teriyaki 
beef, stir fry vegetables, and Miso soup.  She had even made a bottle and a bowl 
of soup for the baby.  After seeing that everyone sat himself or herself, 
Belldandy served everyone a plate before joining them at the table.  She bowed 
her head, as did Keiichi, so Tenchi and Ryoko did the same.  Belldandy began a 
small prayer of thanks before the meal began.
"Please let this food, which has been so humbly prepared, be adequate for those 
of us dining.  May this meal be the first of many more friendly encounters 
between all of us.  Thank you."
Keiichi looked up and smiled.  "Let's eat everyone," he said and began eating 
the serving on his plate.  Belldandy picked daintily at the food in front of her 
and delicately ate her meal.  Tenchi was eating slowly, striking up a friendly 
conversation with Keiichi as he ate.  He was expecting Ryoko to plow into her 
meal, but he was surprised when she just looked at the plate in front of her, 
her golden eyes wide and an eager smile on her face.  Tenchi noticed this and 
let the conversation with Keiichi fade away as he watched the former space 
pirate.
	Ryoko was smiling, anticipating what her first true meal would be like.  
She used her chopsticks to grab some of the steak and noodles.  Lifting them to 
her mouth, she paused for just a moment, and then placed it in her mouth.  
Closing her eyes, she savored the new sensations rocketing through her mind.  
The taste was exquisite; the flavor of the beef was nicely accented by the herbs 
and sauces used in the stir-fry.  The textures of the food were new as well, and 
she enjoyed them just as thoroughly.  She heard a cough, and opened her eyes.  
She saw everyone, even Mayuka, staring at her.  Blushing a bit, she realized she 
had started floating while her eyes were closed.  Ryoko settled back in to her 
sieza, and she noticed Tenchi looking at her.
	"What was that about?" the young brown eyed boy asked, amusement in the 
warm tones of his voice.
	Ryoko swallowed her food, and then smiled at him.  "It just tasted so 
good, Tenchi.  I never knew food was this good."  Tenchi looked at her 
quizzically and Ryoko nodded her head happily.  "Yes, Tenchi, I can taste 
everything now."  She watched as Tenchi stood up and walked over to her.  She 
was startled, yet thrilled, when Tenchi embraced her in a soft hug.  Over his 
shoulder, she could tell that Keiichi and Belldandy were smiling.
	"I am very happy for you Ryoko," Tenchi said softly as he held her.  
"How'd it happen?"  He asked after he had finished hugging her and he had 
returned to his seat.
	The cyan haired young woman looked around before she continued.  "Oh, its 
not much.  Mom figured it out and gave me my sense of taste back early this 
morning."  She noticed Tenchi smile even further when she called Washu "Mom".  
Ryoko smiled, and then resumed eating.  There were more new tastes for her to 
enjoy at the meal, and she intended to relish all of them.
	Everyone resumed the meal, relaxing amidst the friendly atmosphere.  
Keiichi decided to break the amicable silence by regaling Tenchi, Ryoko, and 
Mayuka with the tale of how he had met his goddess.  Tenchi chuckled in sympathy 
with the ironic twist of fate that had brought Belldandy to the young Black 
haired man.  Keiichi then told his quests about his other friends and family.  
He told them tales of the dynamic duo of Tamiya and Otaki; the feisty 'love 
goddess' Urd; the mechanically inclined, yet quirky and meddlesome Skuld; Of his 
kid sister and all the trouble she ended up getting him in to; even the demoness 
Mara, who he explained away as a kind 'disgruntled family friend'.  He wound 
down his story with the events that had nearly taken Belldandy and her sisters 
from him, not to mention the near destruction of the world at large.
	"Then, right at the end, Belldandy ended up defying the will of Kami Sama 
to keep me alive."  He looked over sheepishly at Belldandy, and Tenchi noted the 
blush both of them had acquired.  "How could I not fall in love wither her?"  He 
finished.
	"That was you guys?"  Tenchi asked, looking at his hosts in wonderment.  
"I saw that on the news; it was pretty scary stuff."
	Keiichi just nodded and returned to his meal.  The companionable silence 
returned for a few minutes while everyone ate.  Tenchi, seeing an almost 
expectant look on Ryoko's face, finally broke the silence to tell Keiichi and 
Belldandy his story.
	"Well, mine started with my curiosity finally getting the best of me one 
summer while I was at my grandfather's shrine..." Tenchi proceeded to tell his 
hosts, first about meeting Ryoko; and then, he told them how Ayeka and Sasami 
came to live with him; then on to Mihoshi.  He paused and looked at Ryoko as he 
told of his own death at the hands of Kagato, and then told then how he had been 
reborn by the Goddess Tsunami.  Belldandy blinked a few times when Tenchi told 
of how he had been brought to the goddess' realm, but just smiled and listened 
to the rest of the story.
	Finally Tenchi told Keiichi and Belldandy about Washu.  Belldandy looked 
even more surprised to hear this, as she went pale for a moment.  Tenchi noticed 
this as Keiichi bent over the caramel haired goddess in concern.
	"Something wrong?"
	Belldandy answered after she had reassured Keiichi.  "No, nothing.  Please 
continue what you were saying?"  She smiled and Tenchi decided to continue.
	The young priest in training began speaking again, of the 'Zero' incident, 
as all of them called it; and finally he told the story of Yuzuha, Lord Yosho, 
and Mayuka.
	"...And that is how we were blessed with my wonderful daughter," Tenchi 
finished, smiling over at his daughter.  She giggled at him.  "Isn't that right, 
Noodles?"
With both stories told, the topics of dinner moved on to less important maters.  
Tenchi and Keiichi discussed N.I.T., while Ryoko and Belldandy shared stories 
and laughter about living with other women; they all got quite a laugh from 
feeding Mayuka, who had never had anything but her bottle before.  Dinner went 
on for nearly an hour, until finally Belldandy cleared away the dishes and 
brought out desert.  It was something Americans called a "hot fudge sundae", and 
there was one for everyone except Mayuka.  Tenchi, Ryoko, Keiichi, and Belldandy 
ate the desert, with Ryoko giving Mayuka just a little bit of her sundae.  
Finally everyone was finished and relaxing out in the yard of the Shrine.
	"So, Tenchi, d'you think you'll be attending N.I.T. this fall?"  Keiichi 
asked as he walked out with a decanter of tea.  Handing a cup to Tenchi, the two 
of them drank and watched Belldandy and Ryoko play with a giggling Mayuka.  Both 
were smiling.
	Tenchi looked away from the happy scene to answer Keiichi.  "Yeah, I 
probably will.  Assuming there isn't any titanic crisis I get involved in."
	"I hear you," Keiichi said with a smirk.  The young man has had just as 
interesting of a life as Tenchi.  	Just then, Tenchi heard something that made 
his heart stop.
	"P...p...Pa...pa.  Wan Papa!"
	Dropping his cup in surprise, the young prince ran over to his daughter.  
Ryoko had tears in her eyes, and Belldandy looked as if she soon would to.  
Tenchi scooped up his daughter in his arms, holding her over his head.  Mayuka 
giggled and shook her hands at her father.
	"Papa!" she giggled triumphantly.
	Tenchi held his daughter close to him and smiled.  "Yes, Noodles.  I'm 
your papa.  Your such a good girl."
	Everyone huddled around Tenchi's daughter, congratulating her and the 
proud father. 

---------------------------

	It was nearing nine o'clock when Tenchi and Ryoko decided it was time to 
get Mayuka home and into bed.  They said goodbye to Keiichi and Belldandy, with 
Tenchi promising to have them over for dinner sometime soon.  Before leaving, 
Belldandy whispered something to Tenchi.  His eyes widened, but he just smiled.  
After exchanging phone numbers, everyone hugged one last time before Ryoko 
teleported Mayuka, Tenchi, and herself back to the dock near Tenchi's house.  
The three walked up to the house.  Sasami opened the door expectantly and smiled 
at everyone.
	"Guess what Tenchi?" the blue haired princess asked, nearly jumping up and 
down with excitement.  "Victor came back!  He said he has some news for all of 
us, but it can wait until the morning."
	Tenchi had to smile at the young princesses exuberance.  "I got something 
to tell everybody too."  He saw a little bit of fear creep into Sasami's eyes 
and chuckled.  "It's about Mayuka, Sasami.  Go and get everyone that's up, even 
Washu, ok?  I'll be in the living room."  Sasami dashed off straight for Washu's 
realm.
	The young man smiled and walked into the living room.  Almost all of his 
houseguests were already there.  Kiyone and Mihoshi were sitting next to each 
other sipping sake and going over the list of karaoke songs on the karaoke 
machine.  Ayeka and Victor were standing near the couch, talking about 
something.  From the sound of it, it sounded like news about the Jurian court.  
Tenchi settled himself on the floor across from the couches, a yawning Mayuka in 
his lap.  Ryoko floated over and sat next to Mihoshi and Kiyone.  Ayeka moved to 
sit next to her but was beaten to the spot by the sudden appearance of Washu.  
Instead, she sat with her sister at the other couch, with Victor sitting on the 
armrest close by.  Tenchi noticed this, as well as noticing Ryoko putting her 
arm around Washu, as he looked around at his family.  He smiled when he saw 
Noboyuki and his grandfather walk in and begin standing behind the couch with 
Washu, Ryoko, and the GP.  *My family*, he thought with a smile.
	*Lets get this over-with, my little girl is getting sleepy*, he thought as 
he heard a yawn escape his baby's mouth.  "I just wanted to get you all together 
to tell you about my darling daughter's day," Tenchi began with a smile at his 
daughter.  "After Ryoko decided to check up on me earlier today," and Ryoko 
blushed a bit when everyone looked at her, Ayeka glaring.  Tenchi continued, 
"The three of us had dinner with some new friends I made, named Keiichi Morisato 
and Belldandy.  After dinner," at this point Tenchi saw the look on Ryoko's 
face, pleading not to tell her secret, "We were all sitting around in the back.  
All of a sudden, Mayuka said her first word!"  Everyone gasped in happy surprise 
when he said it.  Even Victor was smiling, and most of the girls looked ready to 
tear up in joy.  "She called me 'Papa'!  Isn't that right, Noodles?"  Tenchi 
looked down at his daughter as she finally noticed everyone looking at her.  She 
looked up at her father and giggled.
	"Papa!" she said in a high, happy voice.  Most of the girls began ooh'ing 
and aah'ing as everyone stood to huddle around the baby.  Everyone except the 
golden-eyed Ryoko, that is.  Tenchi watched her just smile a sad smile and fade 
away.
	*Wonder what's got into her*?  Tenchi handed the baby to Ayeka, and was 
promptly congratulated by everyone.  Mihoshi, in her usual bubbly way nearly 
tackled him as she glomped him, crying happily.  Kiyone pulled her partner off 
of Tenchi, and Mihoshi promptly attached herself to Kiyone.  Tenchi just smiled.  
Washu congratulated him with a hug, as did Sasami.  Victor shook his hand and 
Katsuhito just nodded his head.  His father hugged him tight and made some 
inappropriate comments about fatherhood and wanting a grandson AND a 
granddaughter.  Tenchi watched everyone make a fuss over Mayuka, and then he 
headed outside.  Looking around, he saw Ryoko sitting on the roof.  Smiling, he 
headed over to the ladder.

-------------------------

	Ryoko heard Tenchi climbing the ladder and sighed.  *Should I tell him or 
not*?  She asked herself.  Tenchi finally stepped on to the roof and walked over 
to her.  So deep in her thoughts, she barely registered Tenchi sitting right 
next to her.
	"So what's up, Ryoko?"  Tenchi asked quietly as she looked out at the 
lake.  "It's been quite a day hasn't it?"
	Ryoko finally looked at him.  "Is this what it's supposed to be like?"  
Tenchi looked at her quizzically.  "Is this what it's supposed to be like when 
you are with someone?  Like it's been today?"
	The young man looked out at the lake for a minute as he collected his 
thoughts.  "I don't know, Ryoko.  Today was really nice; I enjoyed spending it 
with you and Mayuka."  Tenchi felt Ryoko lean against his shoulder, but he was 
surprised when he heard her let out a quiet sob.  He looked over at her.  
"What's wrong?"
	"It's about Mayuka's first words Tenchi."  Ryoko hesitated, not sure if 
she should continue.  Gathering up her courage, Ryoko continued, "You know, 
Tenchi, when it was just Belldandy and me, she started to say 'Mama' while I was 
holding her."  Blushing, she looked away from Tenchi.  "I managed to get her to 
say 'Papa' instead.  Imagine, thinking of me as her Mother!"  Now she was crying 
as she curled into a ball, "Me, her mother?  Its gonna be somebody else that's 
her mom, not me.  How can anybody love ME?"  The demoness cried out in anguish.  
Tenchi stood up and walked over to Ryoko.  Sitting right next to her, he pulled 
her into a warm embrace, resting her head on his shoulder.  Ryoko cried deep, 
heavy sobs as she held on to him, holding him as if her life depended on it.  
Tenchi just sat there and let her cry, occasionally rubbing her hair or her back 
soothingly.  Unbeknownst to either of them, Ayeka had climbed up the ladder to 
call them both in.  She saw what was unfolding, but instead of stopping it, as 
she would have done only last month, she just stood on the ladder and watched.  
*Things have changed since Ryoko and I talked at the Onsen*.  Bemusedly, Ayeka 
thought quickly about that night, the night Ryoko and she settled many of their 
differences.
Finally Ryoko's tears subsided.  Feeling slightly ashamed at her lack of 
control, the cyan haired former space pirate tried to pull away from Tenchi's 
embrace.  Uncharacteristically, he wouldn't let her go.  Strangely comforted by 
this, she relaxed into him, spinning around so that they both could see the 
stars.
After a moment Tenchi broke the silence.  "Feel better now, Ryoko?"
"Y...yeah a little," Ryoko said with a sniffle.  "I hope you aren't mad she 
tried to call me that, are you?"
"Not at all.  You do take care of her the most you know."
"But there has got to be someone better for her mother than me."
"I most certainly think not," came Ayeka's voice from behind them.  She put a 
hand on Tenchi's shoulder as he made to get up.  "It is all right, Lord Tenchi.  
I would no more ask you to deny your feelings for Ryoko than she would your 
feelings for me."  Ayeka sat next to both of them.  "I would like to think that 
we are past the point where we can not trust ourselves to make the proper 
choice's in life," she said quietly, more to Ryoko than to Tenchi.  The boy 
could only look on in shock.  "I am here for you as well, demoness," she said 
with a small, genuine smile.
The three sat there in silence for a while, Tenchi holding Ryoko while Ayeka 
leaned onto Tenchi and held the cyan haired woman's hand.
"So this is what it is going to be like," the pink-eyed princess observed.  "No 
matter what happens then, the three of us just, well, *living*."  When Tenchi 
and Ryoko both nodded their heads and looked at her, Ayeka nodded as well.  "I 
can live like this.  It's not what I would have preferred, but it is good.  We 
are family, after all.  Family first and foremost, friends or lovers afterward."
"As it should be."
Ryoko snuggled into Tenchi a bit more.  "Your right, Tenchi.  I think we forgot 
this for a while."
The three sat in silence for a while longer.  Finally, Ayeka broke the silence.  
"Now, as to why I came up here."  She looked pointedly at Ryoko.  "Little Mayuka 
was calling for you when she was put to bed."
"Really?" came Ryoko's shocked replay.
"Yes, really.  She kept calling for 'Oko'."  Ayeka shook her head in merriment.  
"'Oko, wan Oko' is what she was saying."  Ayeka smiled down at the demoness.  
"It was so charming.  I decided to come up and get you so you could hear, but it 
looks like you have all the comfort you need."  She stood, smoothing her kimono 
as she did so.  "Come down when you two are ready, I guess.  See you in the 
morning."  Ayeka walked calmly to the ladder and climbed down to head inside.
Tenchi and Ryoko sat on the roof for a few more minutes.  Finally Tenchi looked 
down at Ryoko and said, "It really HAS been a good day today."
Yes it has, Tenchi.  Yes it has."  Ryoko looked up at him.  "Can we sleep out 
here tonight?"  She asked timidly.
Tenchi nodded.  Instead of saying anything, Tenchi leaned his head down until he 
was within inches of Ryoko's face.  He paused there, indecisive.  Was this 
really the right choice?  Or had he indeed already decided, as Ayeka seemed to 
believe?  *Only one way to find out, dummy*, he told himself mentally.  Beating 
down his indecisiveness, the normally timid and passive boy did the most 
reckless thing in his life: he bent down and kissed Ryoko.
	Momentarily stunned, Ryoko eventually sank into the embrace, and the kiss.  
The feelings she was getting from this simple action threatened to overwhelm 
her.  After a moment, she managed, just barely, to get her racing heart and mind 
under control, settling for enjoying the moment.  
	After a few moments, Tenchi finally broke the kiss.  He just smiled down 
at Ryoko and said softly, "See you in the morning, Ryoko."  She just smiled and 
closed her golden eyes, seemingly at one with the world.  The young crown prince 
scooted down to get a little more comfortable.  Sighing, he closed his eyes and 
slept, a contented smile on his face.  For the first time in nearly three years, 
Tenchi fell asleep without a care in the world.



Epilogue


	After climbing down the ladder, the first princess of Jurai walked back 
towards the entrance to the living room.  Standing in the doorway staring out at 
the sky was the bounty hunter Victor.  In his hand was a small bottle of sake 
and an open beer.  Victor had apparently left his coat and his armaments inside, 
wearing only his short sleeved black shirt, dark red pants and weather beaten 
fedora.  He turned to her as she approached.
	"Hey princess."
	Ayeka looked at him, and then back at the roof.  She sighed loudly, a hint 
of tears in her voice.
	"Something the matter, Princess Ayeka?"  The gray-eyed bounty hunter 
asked.  She looked at him for a moment in indecision.
	*Should I talk to him about how I am feeling?  Would he even understand*?  
Looking through the window, the purple haired princess could see Kiyone and 
Mihoshi cuddling on the couch as they watched Mihoshi's favorite anime, 
Moldiver.  (I think that's the one ^_^)  She looked back at the scarred man and, 
after actually looking at his face, was surprised to see a few tears had run 
down the light fur covering his face.  It was obvious that seeing the two GP 
together was as hard on him as letting Tenchi and Ryoko is on her self.  *Maybe 
I can talk to him after all*.
	Finally the princess spoke.  "Yes actually, there is Victor."  She stood 
beside him and stared up at the stars.  *Is there a star out there for me as 
well*?  She wondered idly.  *Will I ever find it*?
	"Well then," Victor began as he started staring out at the stars again, 
"Something I can help with?"
	"How do you deal with it?"
	"Deal with what, princess?"
	"Deal with loving someone that loves another.  Deal with knowing you can't 
have them," She said softly, tears starting to fall from her own eyes.
	Victor didn't speak for a few seconds.  "I just tell myself that it is 
better off this way; that I wasn't meant for her, that *mi Piqueno Hermana* and 
she are happier together than apart."  He looked down and kicked the dirt.  
"Still hurts like hell though."
	Ayeka nodded and hmmmm'd in thought.  Almost unconsciously, she found 
herself only a foot or so from the bounty hunter.  She looked up as she sensed 
him move toward her.
	"Sake, princess?"
	Ayeka took it gratefully.  "Why yes, thank you."
	Victor looked back at the princess.  He held up his bottle.  "To everyone 
else's happiness, eh princess?"
	"At the expense of our own, yes?"  She finished, clinking her bottle of 
sake against his beer.  Both of them stood there in silence for a long while, 
staring out at the sky and the stars.
	When Sasami went looking for everyone about an hour later, she found 
Mihoshi and Kiyone cuddled together on the couch, asleep.  She smiled as she 
turned off the TV.  As the light from the TV faded, she could see her sister and 
the bounty hunter looking out at the stars and talking.  It appeared to Sasami 
as if neither had noticed that Ayeka had begun to lean against the bounty hunter 
even as he had seemingly moved to a position to accommodate the princess's 
weight. 
Sasami just smiled and went upstairs to bed.  She climbed into bed and called 
Ryo-Ohki to her.  "Good night my little Ryo-Oki."
	The cabbit only response was, "Mya."

Fin 


Well folks, that's the end!  I hope you have enjoyed this little fic.  While it 
started out as a spur of the moment thing, it has evolved into something much, 
much more.  Yes, this story does tie in with my other works; and yes, this is 
the beginning of Tenchi's decision (oh what, did you think it was gonna be that 
simple, did you?).  Sadly, there will be no more of this particular fic, since 
the main course is done and so is Desert!  (^_~)  If you think the characters 
are a little OOC, then read chapters 1 and 4 of Illusions of Life.  Some of the 
character development is taken from there.  Credit has to go out to Literary 
Eagle, as she was the person (I believe anyway) that came up with Mayuka's 
nickname of 'Noodles'.  (Taken from Mayuka's line: "Which do you like better, 
Daddy, the Noodles or Me?" from MNE) 04/26/01
Hello again!!  I decided to go through and re-tool some parts of this story 
since I received a few very fine reviews telling me where I needed improvement.  
I added a bit to each chapter and added a few extra scenes just 'cause I thought 
it needed it.  Instead of writing an entire epilogue, I just added the scene I 
kept seeing.  I hope everyone likes it.  And no, I don't really know If I am 
gonna develop a relationship between the bounty hunter and the princess.  It is 
more of an "I know what ye are going through" kinda thing.  I did receive a few 
requests for a continuation of this fic, but what I have in the works will 
really hafta wait a bit, at least until I finish Illusions (which has turned out 
to a bit more of a doozy than I thought).  Well, till we meet again!  ^_^ 
06/04/01

Drez


