Hello there. This is my first fanfic, and I can't seem to get it to the
ffml, but here we go again anyway!

Flames and C&C welcome, if I get any response at all, more chapters will
be forthcoming.

(il)legal stuff  I stole all these characters from more creative heads
than mine, such as Rumiko Takahashi, Clamp, Izumi Matsumoto, Yuuki
Masami, Pioneer, AIC, exc... Catch me if you can!  Just Joking, please
don't hurt me, I'm a poor student, I really don't mean any harm!

                                                Kasuya Explains it All
                                                          Chapter 1

    Hi there!  If your are reading this you are either a really
excellent hacker, (Hi Nene!) or you have the encryption code that Washu
gave the Galaxy Police and the House of Jurai.

    Either way you probably know all about Emperor Masaki Tenchi, How he
became the youngest and most powerful leader of Jurai after his humble
beginnings on this, our fairly humble planet Earth.

    You may or may not know that Tenchi was mostly Human.  I think the
ratio was something like only 1/8 th Jurai ancestry.  His father was
human, his mother was 3/4 Human, his grandfather 1/2 human (or close
enough) and The old Emperor, his Great Grandfather Tenchi's only Jurain
blood relative.  (Gotta wonder sometimes why the old guy was so hostile
towards Tenchi eh?)

    Ok, so an obvious question springs up, If Tenchi was so far removed
from the royal line, and mostly human to boot, why was he, and not his
Aunt Aeka, who was of almost 100% pure Royal stock, made Emperor?  Power
of course, but how is he so powerful?  What makes him so special?

    If your curious at all about these matters, then you are in good
company.  The greatest scientist in the universe (or at least, so she
keeps telling me), made this conundrum the focus of almost all her time
for the last 20 years!  Her investigating into this matter is finally
finished, so I can finally put this story into the files, for her search
for answers is the answer to one of my favorite questions. Why am I
here?

    Well, to start with my name is Yukimasu Kasuya, and this is the
story of that question, and also the story of why I am here, a Detective
in the Galaxy Police.  The first (or I guess I should say the 1.5th)
human in the corps.  So pull up a chair, or and Anti grav field, or a
suspension tank, or what ever, and I'll tell you how it began for me.

    I think the best place to start would be back in 1988, at least for
my story.  Before that everyone who knew me figured I was probably going
to end up a con artist, or a mob boss, or dead before I reached
puberty.  I'm pretty sure policeman never entered their heads, (or mine
for that matter).  Heck I'll be the first to admit I was a pretty
manipulative kid back then.  Up till then all I had used my powers for
was for my own benefit.  Heck I was only 7 what would you expect from a
brat with my powers?

    Oh, my partner reminds me that I still haven't explained quite who I
am.  You see, I'm an Esper.  In fact my whole family are Espers, my
sister Akane, my parents, even my Cousins, the Kasuga's are Espers.  No
no don't get started, Kasgua Madoka isn't an Esper!  Her musical talents
are genuine, so don't think she became so famous otherwise!  But I'm
getting off track.  I'm an esper, a double Telepath and Telekinetic.
For those of you who don't read Science fiction, that means I can read
minds, and move
objects around just by thinking about it.  Ok, back to the story.

    As I was saying, up till then I had only used my powers in a selfish
fashion.  Yeah, I mean even the few times I helped my cousin Kyouske out
of a jam I was mostly doing it for the laughs, or to avoid some trouble
or difficulty of my own.  Actually, my cousin was a good example of one
of the things Washu has been saying lately, that you can find a rose in
the strangest places.  I  mean his mother, my mom's sister, went and
married a regular human, and grandfather figured that the power would
weaken in that branch of the family, so he made sure my mom married
another powerful esper.  Well, in away he was right.  My Cousin's
telepathy is so weak it's almost nonexistent, but conversely his
Telekinesis is the most powerful in the clan!  Grandpa say's he's seen
Kyouske produce raw energy discharges when he gets angry that were
simply frightening.  I mean I can barely even grasp a photon, and he
produces them like a little nuclear reactor!  Anyway, Washu point to him
allot when she says that Human genetics can surprise you.

    My partner tells me I'm straying from the subject again.  (Sometimes
she's a real nag, but I do love her, and she does keep my creativity
focused).  So back to 1988.  That was the year my Grandfather finally
noticed how good I was getting with my powers.  Up till then he had been
subtly training Kyouske as his replacement, and I guess I was a little
jealous of the attention, but then Grandpa noticed me, and took me under
his wing.  At first it was really cool.  I mean, someone trusted me to
do big things, and not screw it
up.  He let me help him with some important things, like fetching my
older cousin and his girlfriend from the past, and repairing the damage
afterwards.  After awhile though, It got to be something of a pain.

    He was always moralizing.  "Kasuya" he'd say, "You have to use your
powers in a responsible fashion, for with great power comes... Yadda
yadda yadda.  It all meant very little to me at the time.  Lets face it,
kids can be pretty selfish.  It's natural, a kind of survival mechanism
dating back from when there was never enough food to go around.  I was
happy enough to use my powers to do neat stuff, but all that
responsibility stuff just didn't interest me, I was out to have fun, be
happy, you know, like any other kid.

    So how'd I become a public servant?  One of the good guys?  Good
question.  Ouch!  Ok, ok.  My partner reminds me that I should be
honest, so I'll let you in on a little secret, it had nothing to do with
my cousin's shining example, or my parents loving care, or my
grandfathers moralizing.  I think something my cousin's wife Madoka said
told me once pretty much sums it up.  I was asking her why she always
came  to people's rescue, when she could just stay safely out of others
business.  She said, "When I see someone hurting, I hurt too a bit.  I'm
just too sensitive to others moods I guess.  So when I help someone,
part of why I do it is so that they won't be in pain anymore, so that I
don't feel it."  Personally I think that she does it more because she's
just a hero inside, but what she said had allot of significance for me.
As I got older, and my powers got stronger I found it hard to ignore
people in pain or who were troubled, and if I was the source of their
pain it was worse!  I wanted to help them so I wouldn't have to feel
their pain anymore.  After awhile I did get better at shutting out that
sort of thing, but, well let me make a comparison.  It wasn't like
closing your eyes, it was more like putting your hands over your ears.
A lot of noise is gone, but loud noises could still be heard easily.
You can't shut it all out.  After awhile, I discovered that helping
others didn't just stop my shared pain, it made Me feel better.  If
you've ever helped anyone out for no other reason than they needed help,
then you probably know what I mean.  If you
don't try it some time!  It just feels good to help out someone.  It's a
different kind of good feeling than eating a sundae, or winning a game
or something.  So when I help others, I'm really still acting in my own
best interest you see...

    Mrrorw!  Excuse me!  This is Kasuya's partner.  I can see he's not
going to admit he's really a compassionate person inside, so I guess
it's up to me to explain it to you.  What Kasuya means is that there is
a great difference between pleasure, and joy.

    Pleasure comes mainly from the body, It's evolution's way of telling
us were doing something right. (Mostly, there are exceptions that
evolution didn't count on.)  Things like eating a good meal, sleeping
when your tired, um, sex, and stuff like that.  (Don't get me wrong, Sex
isn't limited to pleasure, but I'll get back to that).

    Joy on the other hand doesn't have anything to do with evolution,
and despite what my partner would say, it isn't selfish either.  Joy
comes from doing good.  Sometimes it comes when you improve yourself in
some way, but mostly joy comes from helping others, or giving them
pleasure (told ya) and things of that nature.  It also comes from being
needed.  It think it's that source of that glow that young mothers get,
simply because they know that someone needs them without hesitation.  I
sometimes wonder what that must be like....  Oh yes, but anyway,  Kasuya
has simply learned to appreciate Joy more than pleasure, and don't you
let him tell you otherwise. (Though he likes his pleasures too, he he.)

    Ahem!  sorry, Kasuya again.  My partner thinks only the best of me,
but don't misunderstand, I didn't become a goody two shoes overnight.  I
just figured out slowly that it was in my own best interest to help
others when I could.  I'm no saint.  I can ignore the bum on the corner
just as well as the next guy,  I mean I want to have a life too!  I
can't help everybody...  but over the years since then I did stop
putting myself
first all the time.  Mostly I think it was because of my telepathy.
(Personally I think a society of telepath's would have to be a near
utopia.)  The rest was probably because my family moved so much when I
was a kid.  I lost so many friends that I stopped taking others for
granted, and started placing greater importance on friendship than my
own desires.  (Not that I made friends very easily back then, my
standards were too
high, and it didn't help that I could see all my friends dark secrets.)

    Enough about my miss spent childhood, suffice it to say that by the
time I entered high school in 1996 I was not quite the manipulative
little brat that my cousin remembered giving him so much trouble.
Actually my sister says that at that time I reminded her all to much of
my cousin.  Such as the day this story really begins to take off.

    "At least your not quite as indecisive as he was, but you still
remind me of that idiot Kyouske!"  Akane said this shaking her head
sadly.  "Can't you make up your mind?"

    Kasuya flushed at his sister's biting comments.  "I Just don't want
to hurt them."  He shook his head, seeing that Akane wasn't going to
accept that.

    "Your going to hurt them, your just making it worse by waiting.  If
you don't resolve this, you will probably lose them both..."

    Kasuya thought. <Since I'm not sure I'm ready for a serious
relationship with either one, that's probably best.>

    Akane continued however, "and possibly cost them their own
friendship!"

    Kasuya swore. "Damn, I didn't think of that."  He looked carefully
at her, "Do you really think so, they've been best friends for years
now!"

    Akane nodded forcefully, "Yup, it could really break them up,  you
know that Hikaru and Madoka didn't see each other for years after your
cousin picked Madoka?"

    Kasuya sighed again.  <Sure I like Ami and Yuri, but I don't really
think I like either one that way, or enough anyway to justify that  kind
of loss.  If I pick one, I know the other one will be hurt.>  He spoke
after a few moments of thought.  "Sorry sis, I just can't do it."  He
brightened a bit suddenly.  "Hey, maybe I'll get lucky, and one of them
will fall for one of the new guys transferring in tomorrow!"

    Akane looked skeptically at him.  "Kasuya, that is such a cop-out!"
She sighed in exasperation, "Don't you have a preference?"

    He shook his head slowly.  "No, not really.  I like both of them
fine, but they're just friends to me really.  I did take Yuri to the
Junior Dance, and I've gone out a few times with Ami, but I really did
it to spare their feelings."  He reflected a moment.  "I think Ami has a
crush on me anyway, and I don't think Yuri's attraction runs very deep,
I bet she'll get over me fast enough, especially if one of the new guy's
are cute."

    Akane looked suspicious still, but decided to change the subject
anyway.  "What's all that about anyway?  Why are so many people being
transferred to your school?"

    He nodded, glad enough to talk about something else.  Well, you know
that our school has been recently remodeled right?  Well allot of the
class rooms aren't full yet, and the ones that are being used are large
enough to permit larger classes."

    She nodded.  "I know that, but where are all these new students
coming from?"

    He looked at her a bit confused.  "Haven't you heard?  Two other
schools in this general area are having serious problems.  The principal
of Furinkan High in Nerima has been taken away for Psychiatric
evaluation, and several of the staff have resigned.  And Kurashiki West,
in the Okayama prefecture exploded last month!"

    Akane gasped.  "No!  Wow really?  How'd it happen?"

    Kasuya shrugged,  "Not sure really.  The papers said it was a gas
explosion.  It happened after closing hours, and there wasn't any
bodies, or anyone missing afterwards, so it was written up as an
accident, though I have heard some rumors it might of been arson."  He
looked at her, head slanted to one side quizzically.  "Where have you
been sis?  This was all over the papers a few weeks ago, how'd you miss
it?"

    She looked back at him sheepishly now.  "I guess I was just too
wrapped up with work."

    He looked interested now.  "That's right, you just got a new job,
how's it going?"  Akane grimaced and he grinned at her, "Oh, did I hit a
sore spot?"

    She looked at him, mildly annoyed, but answered him anyway.  "It's
not my dream job if that's what you mean,  but it certainly is a
challenge.  The PR. Department that I work for is having a hard time
keeping the company's image intact, so as you can imagine, I have my
hands full."

    Kasuya blinked slowly, thinking.  "Your working for Mishima Heavy
Industries, right?  What's going on there that's so hard to deal with?"

    Akane shook her head, "What's not impossible! Our image needs allot
of maintenance, what with Poison One dog fighting downtown,  and all the
damage complaints that come in."  She sighed loudly, "I'm kept pretty
busy."

    He looked at her now, more interested.  "I didn't hear about any of
that, so what happened anyway?"

    She growled in frustration.  "I don't know!  All Arisia will tell me
is that it was a 'runaway experiment' what ever that means, and I'm
still expected to keep it out of the headlines!  So far we've managed to
keep the story on the back pages."

    Kasuya shook his head in sympathy. "My poor sis."  He then looked at
the clock on the wall behind her, and started hurriedly gathering up his
things.  "Hey, look at the time!  I gotta get to practice!"

    She grinned at his back as he raced away.  "Well, I guess you
escaped this time little brother."

    Ok I guess I should explain now about this hobby of mine.  You see,
back then I was a huge fan of Auykawa Madoka, or as you probably know
her, Kasuga Madoka.  I think that's partially why I started practicing
Karate.  I had been in the Karate club on and off since I was 8 because
of her example, and because, well, I figured if I was gonna be rescuing
people like her it would look allot less funny if I rescued them like
she used to, rather than use my powers, (at least openly), to do so.
Not that life or death rescues happen very often.  A bit more often
perhaps for a telepath like me, but still, I don't think
I had a very exciting life at all .  A few bullies, a gang attacking
someone, a car crash, maybe one or twice a year until that year.  1996
would change my life forever.  In fact I think I would of quit going to
Karate practice at all the year before, if Hino Yusaku, (The Toughest
Man in New York), hadn't come back to the area and begun to coach at his
old school.  I always had a soft spot for the guy, and he was really
good at Karate, so I just decided to hang around for awhile longer.
(Boy I'm glad I did!)  He had been surprised to see me at first, but
lately I had become one of his favorite students, (one of those he
pushed hardest).  He was one reason I was trying to avoid Ami and Yuri
lately, as he still had a serious hang up about two timers.  His
favorite student always agreed strongly with him, sometimes so much so
that it shocked even Yusaku-sensei.

    I can still remember the first time I described Sensei's best
student to my sister.

    My sister was  tickled by my stories about her namesake.  "That
Tendo Akane is great!  She's sure to win the next all Japan Woman's
Karate Championship!"

    I had to chuckle at that.  "You don't know the half of it!"

    Akane would then bristle at the implied insult to her namesake.
"What? Akane's almost as good as Ayukawa-san was at her age!"

    I laughed again. "No, no sis, you've got me all wrong, Akane'd win
all right, she's been holding back allot when she spars with the
Sensei.  I think she's probably allot better than Madoka-san ever was."

    My sister wasn't sure if she was happy with this or not. "Better
than Madoka?  You sure?"

    I nodded, trying to stifle a grin.  "Yup, when she gets angry she
calms her self down by remembering, not imagining, punching her
boyfriend through a brick wall!"

    Akane looked at me closely.  "If I didn't know better, I'd say you
were going soft in the head.  If she's that good, why haven't you
mentioned her before?"

    I remember grinning at that.  "Why, because she's new here of
course, she just transferred in from another school."

    Akane then looked at me suspiciously, "You seem really interested in
these new students,  Your not thinking of checking out your new
classmates.."

     I finished the thought.  "To see if one of them blew up their own
school?  Now would I do something like that?

    Akane's face then took on a reproachful air as she looked at me, and
to her credit she managed to hold it a fell 10 seconds before she broke
up into laughter, and I soon joined her.

    "I guess you do know me pretty well, huh sis."

    The next morning I arrived at my homeroom about five minutes early,
as I wanted to see each new student as they arrived.  Several other
students apparently had the same idea.  Hayamia Natsumi of the video
club was one, she had brought her camcorder to record there arrival.  I
didn't know her very well at the time, as she came from a different
middle school than me, and she was always bugging the one other student
from her old class, a fairly quiet guy called Senkawa Tsutomu.  She had
been rather upset at something or other the first two weeks of school,
but recently she had settled down a bit.  I kinda figured at the time
that it was Senkawa that was bothering her.  He was a good enough
student, but odd.  He was often just short of being late, barely coming
in before the teacher, and he often left in a hurry right after the bell
let us go.  I had considered reading him one day when he came into class
with his hair standing on end  like he's been struck by lightning, but
his relaxed manner had made me reluctant to pry up till now.  Anyway, I
figured that the new people would be much more interesting.

    I wasn't disappointed.  Six new students were assigned to my class,
3 boys and three girls.  I don't like categorizing by appearance, but
two of the girls really stood out.  One had light blue hair, standing in
a spiky, almost electric pattern.  She had a feline air about her that
was almost tangible when she walked.  The only thing unusual about one
of the three guys was the fact that she was practically draped over him
as they walked into class.  Otherwise he looked like a fairly typical
male student, except for the slight pigtail.

    Just behind these two walked the other exceptional female student.
Her demeanor screamed well bred at you.  She had the sort of air of
nobility that was unmistakable.  She was also breathtakingly beautiful,
her almost white skin, and dark red? eyes only accenting her purple
hair, her only affection, other than the ornate wooden hairpiece she
wore.  The other thing that was immediately noticeable about her was her
thinly concealed distaste for the antics of the blue haired girl, who
was obviously aware of her scrutiny, and ignoring it.

    I, (and every other guy in the room) was so busy watching the two
new beauties walk in that we almost missed the others introductions.
First a flaccid faced young man, apparently named Honomia Pete.  His
attention was also on his two companions so that he missed the Sensei's
first two introductions to pick out a seat.  Almost no one noticed, but
it gave me time to pull my thoughts together and focus on the next
introductions.  The Sensei was apparently going to leave the ladies for
last.  Second introduced was a fairly dark looking young man, whose thin
face set off his penetrating eyes, even behind his glasses, and who's
smirk gave his opinion on his new classmates reactions to his
companions.  He easily introduced him self as Gendu Ikari.  Next, a
demure young woman, her large round glasses balanced on a sharp little
nose, her cute rounded face framed by mid length straight brown hair,
her features ordinary enough to pass unnoticed, if only in comparison to
the two knockouts standing next too her.  She was quick enough to
introduce herself as Hououji Fuu.  I was mildly surprised at her
demeanor.  She looked to be the nervous type, but she presented herself
firmly if politely, and I got an impression of great self confidence,
especially for a girl her age.  The third young man, the apparent target
of affection for both beauties, introduced himself quickly as Masaki
Tenchi, and found a seat near the back with two other empty seats next
too it, apparently resigned to his position in the girls eyes.  I felt a
stab of pity for him for a moment. <That's not going to make it easy for
him, those girls are going to make every guy jealous of him.>  The lady
who had so far been attached to him introduced herself with an eager,
almost playful attitude as Onimaru Ryoko.  Then She quickly joined him
near the back of the class, pulling her desk close enough to be in easy
groping distance of his.  The final newcomer, the aristocratic purple
haired beauty casually (at least for her it seemed casual) introduced
herself as Jurai Aeka.  The sensei noted her name's unusual spelling,
and she tittered politely behind one hand as he did (how does she make
that look natural?) and then explained that it was a very old name.

    Fuu sat down on my right.  She smiled at me as I turned to introduce
myself and Natsumi, who was sitting on the other side of her.  Natsumi
then introduced Fuu to her classmate Tsutomu, who was paying attention
for once.  He smiled warmly at her, if a bit distractedly.

    <She looks like who?>  A strong astonished thought flashed through
Tsutmou's mind as he gazed around the class room.  I was a bit confused.
<Where did that come from?>  I could see he was now studying Masaki-san
and his two companions.  It was the first time that Tsutomu had seemed
to pay that much attention to anything, and his thought had been almost
a shout.  After a bit I could tell he was watching the Purple haired
one, though he occasionally glanced at the spiky haired one as if
curious about her as well.

    Curiosity almost got the better of me as well, and I almost broke my
own self imposed rule not to pry into others thoughts without an
important reason.  His curiosity wasn't unusual, almost everyone else in
class was watching them as well.  I decided to let it go.

    The sensei tried once or twice to get the class's attention back our
lessons, but it must of been obvious our hearts weren't in it for he
soon surrendered to the inevitable and gave us a new assignment we would
find more palatable.  "Then I want you all to prepare a short report on
something about one of your classmates, their history, hobby, whatever,
by wednesday.  To make it easier, they will be dual reports.  I awaited
my assignment eagerly, and was quite pleased when my partner for the
report was announced.  "Yukimasu Kasuya, and Jurai Aeka."  Several of my
male classmates gave me dirty looks, but I was happy enough to ignore
them.

    At the lunch bell I waited for the furor over our new classmates to
die down abit before walking over to the three and introducing myself.
"Hello there, welcome to this class.  Jurai-san, I am Kasuya, pleased to
meet you."  She nodded at me gratefully as I motioned to the hallway.
"Would you like to talk outside?  It's a bit crowded here."

    She spoke quietly to Masaki before standing to join me.  "I think I
would like a little air, thank you."