
This is the second Chapter of this Fanfic.  The Characters in it belong to alot of other people, so I don't plan on making a movie
out of it..   Ah well, on with the show.   (Oh yes, for those who may be wondering, the Author of this fic, and A Different
Viewpoint are not the same person.  He is my twin brother, Chris Olsen.) 

As always, C&C and flames appriciated! 

  
                                    Kasuya Explains it all 
                                              Chapter 2 

    As we walked outside, I wondered to myself why girls were so fussy.  I would get clean in the mornings, maybe run a comb
though my hair after school.  This girl, as beautiful as she was seemed to go too allot more trouble.  I thought. <Why does she
feel the need to dye her hair, and 
wear those contacts?  She'd be striking enough without the purple and pink.  Ah well, I suppose she's competing with that other
girl.>  As we walked into the sunlight, I turned to her with an inquisitive glance.  "So I hear that your old school burned down
recently, any idea how that 
could have happened, Jurai-san?"  She blinked at that, and I could tell she had no idea what I was talking about. 

    She said. "Oh please call me Aeka, we are classmates after all."  She paused, thinking.  "Did you say burned down?  No I
have no idea how that could have happened."  She was outwardly still calm, but I could sense her growing agitation, she thought
angrily, <That monster.>, and I 
got an uncomplimentary image of the blue haired girl. 

    It was my turn to blink at that.  <She's really jealous of that girl, she's got it bad.>  "Well," I said slowly, not wanting to get
her riled, "I would certainly like this report to be successful, what would you like to know about me?"  At her slightly confused
expression, I grinned kindly at her.  "Since you're new here, I think it's only fair that I start, that way you'll have more time to
think of what you want to talk about." 

    She nodded, smiling slightly in response.  "That's kind of you Kazuya-san, but I'm not even sure what to ask you.  I've never
done anything like this report, so I don't have any idea where to begin."  She paused uncomfortably. 

    I looked at her now,  "Well, I hope I can help you with it.  Let's see. I'm 16 years old, a moderately good student.  I've lived
in this town for the last 10 years or so.  I enjoy writing, old movies, and all sorts of outdoor activities, like hiking and camping. 
I'm in the Karate and Journalism clubs, and I hope to be a reporter some day."  I paused for effect, as I had done a report or
two like this before.  "Is that a good start?"  She watched my face politely as I talked, and I was getting a bit self-conscious. 
"Um, so would you like to see the campus?  I can show you around as we talk." 

    She nodded. "Yes, I would like that.  It will give me time to think off a few good questions to ask you." 

    I showed her around the large inner campus grounds, the four buildings surrounding were each used for a different age group
of students.  As we passed the elementary wing she waved to a group of children in my old homeroom.  A little girl with
enormously long blue pigtails waved back happily.  I noticed that her eyes were also pink.  I waved to the girl and told Aeka
that that classroom was my first in this town.  "And was that girl your sister?" 

    Aeka smiled warmly at the girl, and then nodded to me.  "Yes, my sister Sasami.  It's nice to see her making friends so soon."

    I was thinking, <I guess the pink eyes are genetic then, maybe they're both albinos?  That would certainly explain why they
dye their hair.>  I showed her the cafeteria, and grabbed a pair of cheap sandwiches from the raging mob.  "Here you go."  She
had the grace (or good sense); to look appalled at the scene.  I looked over at melee, and then chuckled lightly, knowing how it
must look to the uninitiated.  "Oh don't worry." She sighed as I nodded at her.  "Yeah, they'll get more energetic by next week,
they're still practicing today."  I turned back to her with a grin that faded at her expression of horror. 

    She suddenly looked like she understood. "Oh, you're just joking right?"  Her face cleared up a bit and she laughed lightly. 
Her laughter was infectious, and I soon joined her.  We both laughed 
together for a while, and we each set off the other again.  Finally I stopped myself.  "Actually, no." 

    We arrived back in class a few minutes later.  As I escorted her back to her seat, I asked her, "So have you come up with
any good questions for me?" 

    She shook her head.  "I'm sorry, I'm still not sure how I am going to handle this assignment, I'll have to think about it." 

    I looked at her questioningly as she seated herself. "Well, what about this afternoon?  Do you have any plans?  I could show
you and your friends around the area.  What do you think?" 

    She looked back at me.  "I'll ask, but I think it sounds like a very fine idea." 

    I went back to my own seat then.  Natsumi was already seated, and as I sat down she asked me, "So what she like
Kazuya?  That Ryoko is very strange.  I'm not sure what I can put down in my report about her."  I looked back at Natsumi,
amused at the put upon expression she was giving me. 

    Still, I decided to give her a break. "Well I'm going to be showing them around this afternoon I think, would you like to tag
alone?" 

    She looked relieved.  "That would be a help, thanks.  Would you believe that girl told me she was a Space Pirate at first? 
She's so quirky.  I could hardly get one straight answer out of her."  She looked over at the trio speculatively.  "I wonder what
that guy sees in her." 

    I followed her gaze over, and watched them for a few moments.  Ryoko was standing next to Masaki-san, and was
whispering into his ear.  He was turning a bit red a whatever she was saying.  Then Aeka said something, and Ryoko stood up
straight, and snapped back loudly, "Why would Tenchi want do do something like that when he can..."  her voice faded a bit at
the alarmed look Tenchi was giving her. 

    I turned back to Natsumi and shrugged.  "Well, she's not a regular girl, maybe that's what he likes.  Aeka's certainly not
exactly normal either.  That 'royal' attitude of hers is too perfect to be a deception, I think that she's really like that."  Natsumi
nodded acceptance, and then turned to tap Tsutomu on the shoulder. 

    He looked up at her distractedly and muttered, "Yes?  Oh Hayamiya-san, what is it?" 

    She pointed at him and then at Fuu.  "So how's the report coming?" 

    He shrugged back.  "Ok I guess, you?" 

    She looked at him, disgusted.  "Oh wonderful.  So Fuu,"  She turned to ask the girl in question. "Kazuya here is going to
show a bunch of the new people around town after school, you interested?" 

    Fuu cocked her head quizzically at the question.  "Really?  I guess that would be nice.  Yes I'll come." 

    I blinked at that. <Great, now I'll have a whole horde, where'd that come from?>  I grinned anyway and nodded at Fuu. 
"Sure the more the merrier."  Seeing Aeka coming over to join them I motioned for her to sit down.  "So, can you come?" 

    Aeka nodded. "We would be honored to accept your most gracious invitation.  In return, perhaps we can think of some way
to thank you tomorrow, if that would suit you?" 

    As Natsumi and Tsutomu blinked at the grandiose speech,  Fuu brightened at the suggestion.  "How appropriate!  I think that
I should help, as Kazuya-san has agreed to show me around as well." 

    Aeka looked mildly surprised, but smiled at the enthusiasm.  "I'm sure that would be fine." 

    Natsumi broke in with a question then, before Aeka could leave for her seat.  "So all three of you live near a shrine in the
mountains right?  Where is that?" 

    I retreated from the ensuing conversation, and thought. <This all sounds very complicated.  Oh well, at least I'll get to know
them a bit better.>  I then interrupted as the teacher entered the room.  "Well if you will all meet me at the Karate club room
after practice this afternoon, I'll start the tour.  Aeka, you'd better ge back to your seat, the teacher is here." 

    AS she left Natsumi called my attention to the teacher in question.  "That's the new science teacher.  I hear he's got a
gorgeous daughter in his homeroom.  She's already got a substantial fan club because it's rumored she doesn't have a boyfriend
yet!" 

    I sighed in mock despair, "Trying to set me up too?  You're as bad as my sister."  She giggled a bit at that, and we both
turned to watch the teacher as he started class. 

    Later, as class was letting out, I saw Natsumi go over to Gendou Ikari and Honomia Pete.  I could tell she was inviting them
on my little outing, so I walked over quickly. 

    Fortunately, Gendou just smiled slightly at the invitation, and said.  "Thank you, but I have other plans."  Natsumi shivered
lightly at his cool demeanor.  Pete was all too happy to join the group.  "Yeah! I never been in Tokyo before, It'll be great to
have a guide, specially someone who's lived here so long." 

    I just sighed.  I was in for a party it seemed, and one or two more wouldn't make any difference.  I left for the lockers then to
change into my gi, and headed for the Club room.  I got there a bit early, and began my warm up under the slightly approving
glance Hino-sensei gave me.  As usual though, Tendo Akane was already well into her warm up.  I admired her form covertly. 
<I can see what my cousin saw in Aukawa-san,  there is allot to be said for a strong independent woman, to bad she's spoken
for.>  The rest of the students filtered in, and the meeting began in earnest. 

    Akane finished demonstrating the house kata to several beginning students for the tenth time.  I could see the impatience on
her face, though she quickly mollified it, and she thought quite strongly, <It's a good thing that I'm such a patient person.>  I
tried hard not to laugh. <I sometimes despair of ever becoming a sensei.>  As if noticing her discomfort, Hino-sensei called her
over for a sparring session with the new freshman black belt. 

    <Oh yeah, that's me.>  I could see her sizing me up, and her thoughts were projecting strongly, so I felt and urge to listen to
her conclusions. 

    <I've seen him in class before this.  He has a real feel for the art, oh nothing like Ranma, but he shows potential.  Unlike most
of the other students here, he has obviously been studying for several years already.  I wonder if he has a family background in
the art like me, because it seems important to him to reach his potential.  I wonder why Hino sensei hasn't asked me to spar
with him before now?> 

    Actually, I was wondering the same thing.  Over two weeks had passed this semester, and this was the first time he had
called for the two of us to spar.  Hino-sensei was saying,  "Tendo-san, I want you to study Yukimasu-san's style as you spar,
then tell me what weaknesses you find in it, and how he could fix them."  I heard her groan mentally.  <Oh he's not asking too
much is he?>  She nodded affirmatively at the sensei though, and turned to face me.  I tuned down my telepathy, as I don't
really consider it very sporting to fight someone who knows what your going to do next, nor would I learn much if I did use my
powers.  I started by immediately circling off to my right.  Akane matched my movements, and soon we were sparing in
earnest.  As we spared, I found it impossible to lay a finger on her.  I saw Akane's face take on a reflective cast, as if she was
remembering something.  She then slowed her dodges, and started to block more, and traded blows more evenly and she
analyzed my style.  She started to get a surprised look on her face, and I wondered what she was thinking.  I poured it on then
determined to give it my all, as I was no longer worried at all that I would harm her.  She matched me easily, then got a
determined look on her face as she apparently came to an understanding about something.  She pushed me hard then attacking
more fiercely then anyone had in my experience.  As she hit me several times painfully, I was mildly flattered that she thought I
could take it, but she soon overwhelmed me, and sent me crashing to the floor. 

    She paused as I rose shakily and asked, "Why are you holding back?" 

    I gathered my wind to answer.  "What?  I wasn't aware that I was.  I'd be silly to hold back against an opponent of your
caliber Tendo-san." 

    She just looked confused at my honest answer.  She waved me forward.  "One more time then?" 

    I nodded, grateful for the opportunity, though I was sure I'd be feeling it in the morning.  "Of course, thank you."  We bowed
to each other, and began again.  She was watching me closely this time.  I exerted myself to my peak, and actually managed to
catch her a glancing blow, due to her split concentration, but she still looked like she expected more.  Suddenly she whirled
around, and I had to quickly stop my self from crashing into her.  She was preparing for an attack, this time quite seriously, as if
the outcome was life or death, but she was facing the door way. 

    Even though I was blocking off her thoughts I could hear, <Shampoo!>  She was extremely agitated to have a thought pierce
my shielding. So alarmed was I at anything that could worry Akane so, I also turned to see who had entered. 

    It was Aeka.  She looked alarmed, and had backed up several paces from the glowing <glowing?!> Akane. 

    I quickly read Akane's thoughts. <Why is Shampoo here? And why is she wearing the school uniform?> Finally she seemed
to realize, <That's not Shampoo! Oops!> 

   Everyone was staring at Akane as she faced of with the dismayed Aeka.  The most obvious reason for their attention was the
fact that she was radiating a strong blue, and visible aura. It crackled with energy, then faded just as rapidly as it had appeared
when Akane realized she had made a mistake.  Everyone in the room continued to stare at Akane, a mix of astonishment and
shock visible on every face, except Yusaku Hino, who was nodding to himself as if something he suspected had been
confirmed. 

    I was the first to speak.  Surprisingly, Aeka had recovered her composure first, along with Tenchi, who had also entered the
room, but she was busy looking at him questioningly.  "Um, so do you know her Akane?"  I knew of course that Akane had
mistaken her for someone else, but I figured the sooner she shared that fact, the easier this would be. 

    Akane blushed a bit.  "No, I'm sorry, but," and she turned to Aeka, "You just reminded me of someone I know." 

    "Someone you want to maim?" I asked a bit cautiously. 

    She scowled anyway.  "No, she's the one that want's to kill me!  I mean..."  She broke off, embarrassed again at her
reaction.  "I just have to be careful." 

    Aeka nodded at this, understanding coming, (to my amazement) easily to her face.  "I think I see.  I resemble this girl that you
have a blood feud with?" 

    Akane looked at her, as surprised as I at Aeka's calm acceptance of her hostile greeting.  "Well, it's not precisely like that,
but yes, you do resemble her.  She looked at Aeka a bit more closely.  It's mostly the hair, she dies her hair purple as well, and
it hangs in much the same length."  She bowed then, "I am sorry if I startled you." 

    Aeka coughed.  "Oh no, that is perfectly all right.  I certainly can understand how it can be necessary to be constantly be on
one's guard against a persistent individual.  She pointedly did not look back into the hallway, where Ryoko was leaning against
the wall looking bored.  The blue haired girl snorted derisively. 

    The club meeting wrapped up shortly after that.  As I went to get ready to escort them, I could hear Aeka talking to Akane
about the club.  I was surprised when she expressed an interest in joining the Karate club, she really didn't seem the type.  I
came out soon afterwards, dressed, and Pete and Fuu arrived a minute later, so we I began to lead them all outside. 

    Aeka asked if I would mind swinging by the elementary wing, as she wanted to pick up her little sister.  I did so.  The little girl
was waiting there for us, she was waving good by to a little boy her own age, with fairly razzled looking brown hair, with a red
stripe in the middle part.  He was getting on the back of a pretty red headed girl's bike, and they swiftly rounded the corner out
of sight. 

    Ahem, I believe I can tell this part of the story better.  As Kazuya was pretty busy being host, and all I had to do at the time
was look cute.  Besides, I have It all recorded in my memory.  It began for me that day when Sasami greeted her sister. 
Actually, I think I can tell this story best from Sasami's viewpoint.  Here goes... 

    She was quite enthusiastic about her first day at school there, and wanted to tell Aeka all about it.  She had made a great new
friend, a nice little boy named Ryonoske, who had been the first to accept her, despite her unusual appearance.  After he had
accepted her, several of the others had decided that she was safe, and made friendly advances, and the day had turned out
rather well.  Ryonoske's older sister had been really neat too.  She was in the same grade as Tenchi and her sister but in a
different homeroom.  She had stopped by to pick up Ryonoske after class, and had traded a few friendly meow's with
Ryo-oh-ki when she poked her head out of Sasami's bag to see what was happening.   Ryo-oh-ki seemed pleased to meet her,
and Sasami decided that she must be a nice person, having been impressed with her kindness at taking time to talk (It wasn't a
conversation really, more of a greeting), to the cabbit.  She wanted to tell Aeka all about it, but her sister had her own day to
relate, so she waited patiently as Aeka introduced her new friends, including the young man Sasami had seen showing Aeka
around the yard earlier.  Apparently he had agreed to show everyone around this section of town.  Sasami was a bit suspicious
of him at first, but she soon relaxed, as he seemed nice, and he didn't hang around her sister more than anyone else.  In his favor
also was the fact that he had taken the time to be introduced to her, and (after a few moments surprise), had even talked politely
with Ryo-oh-ki, like she was a regular person.  She was happy enough to let him carry Ryo-oh-ki, who took to the young man
surprisingly well, when the cabbit expressed a desire for his company.  She figured that if Ryo-oh-ki liked Kazuya-san, he had
to be ok.  Sasami took the time as they walked to try to get to know some of Aeka's other new friends.  Natsumi was kind
enough, but talked down to her.  She also seemed to be too curious for Ryoko's taste. and Tenchi had already had to calm the
pirate down a few times.  Fuu treated her like a little sister, until they entered a spice shop together, and Sasami started to
enthuse about the selection.  She then spent several minutes talking to Sasami about various herbs, and they ended up agreeing
to swap recipes some time soon.  Tenchi was busy filling in the gaps of Kazuya's explanations about the places they passed, and
trying to keep Pete in the conversation, as he seemed a bit overwhelmed by the crowds in the shopping district.  Aeka
meanwhile had kept up questions about the various stores and other buildings they passed, and Kazuya was pretty busy
answering.  Sasami noticed that when ever he got a break from the questions, he would pet Ryo-oh-ki absently, and get a
distracted look to his face as he looked at the cabbit.  She was pleased at that, glad to see that Ryo-oh-ki had apparently made
a new friend as well.  Kazuya had accepted Tenchi's rapid explanation of the cabbit's unusual appearance as being an rare
Australian cat easily enough. 

    That's cause I never believed him for a minute! 

    Shush now, I'm telling the story now Kazuya. 

    Oh, right, sorry. 

    Ok where was I?  Oh yes.  After a while they reached an entertainment center, and everyone gladly agreed to Kazuya's
suggestion that they all split up, and meet back by the entrance in an hour.  Only Sasami noticed Kazuya taking Ryo-oh-ki over
to a dark corner, and begin staring into the cabbit's large expressive eyes. 