Jusenkyo Productions Proudly Presents,

A Bubblegum Crisis, Tenchi Muyo!, and Ah! My Goddess! cross over

Knights: Part Three, Goddesses of Debugging



Chapter One.



(As this is the last section, I might as well do this right. Bubblegum
Crisis rampaged through the mind of Toshmichi Suzuki and was caught by
Artmic/Youmex. Ah! My Goddess! Was the divine insperation of Kosuke
Fujishima. And Tenchi Muyo! Was unsealed by A.I.C./Pioneer LDC Inc. Also a
special apology is to be made to Mr. Steven Spielberg and Warner Brothers
Studio. I own none of these worlds, and am deeply grateful to have them to
play in.)



"Tsunami," Skuld repeated, "What are you doing here?"

Tsunami, the physical manifestation of Jurai’s most powerful battleship and
the future image of Sasami, fell to her knees trembling. "Lady Skuld, I…"
she started.

Nene nudged the goddess with her elbow, "Do you knows these two?" she
asked.

Skuld, her eyes never leaving Tsunami, said, "I don’t know the girl, but I
do know her," she said pointing at the still knelling Tsunami. Her face
grew stern; "I’ll ask you this one last time, what are you doing here
Tsunami?"



Trembling, Tsunami rose to her feet, "Lady Skuld, I may not."

Skuld spoke a few sharp words in a language that Washu had never heard,
which in its self was pretty impressive. Tsunami froze, staring strait
ahead like a computer awaiting instructions.



"Now," said Skuld, "Why are you here?"

"I have been assigned to protect the Masaki line," Tsunami said in
monotone.

"Why?" asked Skuld.

"That information is restricted," Tsunami said.

"On who’s authorization?" Skuld demanded.

"Authorization code Alpha Omega," came the reply.

"Father?" Skuld asked, "But why would He," she broke off as she felt a
tugging on her uniform. Skuld turned to come face to face with Washu.

"Hi, my names Washu, but call me Washu-chan!" Washu said the last part in
her ultra cute voice, "Could you tell me who the two of you are, what
you’re doing in my lab, and how you know Tsunami?"

"My name’s Skuld, this is my friend Nene. I wish I knew how I got into your
lab. And I know Tsunami ‘cuse I created her."

Washu blinked a few times, "You created Tsunami?" she asked.

Skuld nodded, "Uh huh."

Washu was feeling just a bit confused, "Excuse me, but Tsunami is a tree."

"Well of course she is." Skuld said.

Nene on the other had, was feeling extremely confused, "Skuld?" she said.

"Yes Nene?" Skuld answered.

"What in the world are you talking about?"

"An excellent question," Washu said.

"Well you see Nene, a lot of the older gods and goddesses were having
problems using Yggdrasil. They were use to the old system with the well.
Father asked me to come up with something to interface with Yggdrasil that
anyone could use easily."

"Kind of like a cosmic Windows 2032?" Nene asked.

"No way!" Skuld said hotly, "Mine’s much better that Bill Gate’s," she
paused, "He’s still alive?"

Nene nodded glumly, "He’s the only one would can give Quincy a run for his
money."

"Well in any case," Skuld said continuing, "Tsunami is an offshoot of the
original Yggdrasill. I had just moved her to her own unit when Father told
me that she had some bugs and had gotten rid of her."

"I thought Yggdrasil was a computer," Nene said remembering the giant
computer she had seen.

Before Skuld could answer, Washu did.

"Yggdrasill is the world tree. It’s a Norse myth about a tree that held up
the nine worlds. It was tended by the three Norns, Urd, Verdandi, and
Skuld. The goddesses of the past, present, and future," she explained.

"We are not myths!" Skuld exploded, "And it’s Belldandy, not Verdandi!
Jeez, just because Voluspa goofed that one time," she started to mutter to
herself.

Washu just raised an eyebrow at the muttering goddess and turned to Nene,
"So you’re the Norns?" she asked.

"Nope. Skuld’s a Norn," Nene said.

"I see, and you are then?"

"Goddess of the Internet," Nene replied, then she remembered something, "Uh
Skuld?"

Skuld broke off in mid-rant and looked at the newest goddess, "Yes?"

"Do you think you could unfreeze her?" Nene asked, jerking her head at the
still frozen Tsunami.

Skuld rubbed the back of her head, "Oh yeah, I forgot," she said
sheepishly. Tsunami unfroze, Washu just rolled her eyes.

"Lady Skuld, may I ask what you’re doing here?" Tsunami asked.

"We’re going on a shopping trip to MegaTokyo. Only we were supposed to end
up at Yggdrasil."

Washu’s eyes lit up, "A shopping trip? Can I tag along?" she asked.

Skuld looked doubtful, "I don’t know if you should…."

Nene however, had other ideas, "Sure! Let’s all go, and on the way you can
tell me about your lab, it looks awesome."

Skuld grinned, "You know, that’s a good idea," she said.

Washu grinned back, "Deal, but only if you two tell me about Yggdrasil."

Chatting excitedly, the three vanished into one of the monitors.

Tsunami watched them leave with a smile, then she stood there for a few
minutes and finally said, "Yes Lord, they’re on their way." Then she too
disappeared.



***************

A month after Nene died the Knight Sabers, Mackie, and Leon gathered in her
apartment to pack and clean. A week after Nene had disappeared; the AD
Police had launched a massive search for her. A week of no leads what so
ever had prompted Leon to confront Priss in her trailer.

*******************

"Priss, I need your help," Leon said.

Priss had been battling depression ever since Nene’s death. The pain was
much worse that when Sylive had died.



Priss choked back a sob, "Leon I’m not in the mood for any games."



"Damn it Priss, I don’t care about that right now," Leon said angrily,
"Look, I know you’re one of the Knight Sabers. I need your help. One of the
ADP’s operators has gone missing. I want to hire the Knight Sabers to find
Nene Romanova."



Tears started to fill Priss’s eyes, "Nene, Nene is…"

"Nene is dead Inspector McNichol," said a cool voice from behind Leon.



Leon turned to face the smartly dressed lady, "And how do you know Miss….?"
he asked.



"Sylia Stingray," Sylia said taking off her sunglasses and moving to
comfort Priss. "I don’t know how you know, but as you know about Priss, you
might as well know the truth. Nene was a Knight Saber. She was killed in
battle two weeks ago. She was killed by a boomer while, " Sylia paused and
made an obvious effort to get control of herself, "While defending me," she
finished.



Leon hung his head, "I’m sorry, " he said at last, "More sorry than you
could know. You’ve lost a friend, and the ADP has lost another
unreplaceable officer. I’m not sure you’re aware of this, but Nene was very
popular at the ADP."



Sylia nodded, "Thank you Inspector. We’ve all lost a friend. I have a favor
to ask of you," she said.

"What is it?" Leon asked.

"For obvious reasons, I cannot give you Nene’s body. Nor can I have you
telling everyone what really happened to her. I ask that she be listed as
missing," Sylia said.



Leon nodded, "In another week the search will be called off, and her case
listed as unsolved," he said.



"Thank you again Inspector. Now if you will excuse us, I need to look after
Priss," Sylia said.



Leon understood, he had seen this type of depression many times as a front
line officer. One friend would be killed, and another is needed. He himself
had desperately needed a friend when Jeena died. He turned to leave.



"Wait!" Priss half cried.

Leon turned back.

"I need you Leon, as a friend," Priss said as she started to cry.



Leon gently enfolded her in his arms, "And I’m here, as a friend."



Neither one saw Sylia’s small smile.



*********************



"I can’t believe she’s gone. I just can’t," Linna said.



Mackie nodded in agreement. He had not slept much after Nene died and had
dark circles under his eyes.



"I guess we should get started," Leon said with a sigh.



Mackie walked over the Nene’s computer and flipped it on. He brought up her
journal and read the last entry. The last paragraph brought tears to his
eyes.



‘I’m beginning to wonder if Mackie doesn’t like me, or if he’s just slow.
I’ve only dropped about a million hints. Maybe tomorrow I’ll ask Sylia for
help. If anyone can make Mackie understand, she can. Or, I could always do
what Priss suggested and ask him out myself.’



"I’m so sorry Nene-chan. I never knew. I really did like you and was
thinking about asking you out. I wish you were here now so I could tell you
that," he whispered to himself.

The screen blanked, then a sentence appeared, ‘Wish granted my son,’ it
read.



"What?" Mackie asked puzzled.



Suddenly, a blinding white light poured from the screen. Mackie tripped
over the chair and backed up to the others who were gathering around the
computer.



"What the hell is going on?" Priss demanded.



Nene, Skuld, and Washu popped out of the screen.



"Here we are, home sweet home. Welcome to MegaTok….," Nene noticed the rest
of them. "Uh, hi guys, what are you all doing here?" Nene asked.



Sylia was the first one to recover her voice, "Nene? Is that really you?"
she asked shakily.



"Well, yeah," Nene said.



"But, but you died. I saw the boomer kill you," Linna said.



"Well I got better," Nene tried lamely.



"What do you mean got better?" Priss yelled, "Shit Nene, it’s been three
weeks!"



"Three weeks?!" Nene exclaimed. She spun to face Skuld, "I thought you said
we would arrive three hours after the attack," she said.



"Well we got pulled off course, and then we picked up another passenger
remember?" Skuld said defensively.



"Will you tell me what in God’s name happened to you?" Sylia said with some
heat.



"Funny you should put it that way Sylia," Nene said.



"What do you mean?" Sylia asked.



Washu, who had been watching the exchange with thinly veiled amusement,
spoke up, "It’s very easy," she explained. "Nene is the goddess of the
Internet."



"NANI?!" The Knight Sabers, Mackie, and Leon exclaimed.

"I think we all better sir down and I’ll explain," Nene said.



"Good idea," Leon said dryly.



(A SD boomer wanders by saying "This and that, and that and this, and
that’s what happened.")



"So you died, God made you a goddess, and for the past six months you’ve
been training with three other goddesses in 1997?" Linna asked
incredulously.



"That about sums it up," Skuld said, "Nene has been living with me and my
two sisters."



"I just don’t believe it," Linna said shaking her head, "Could you do
something?" she asked.



"Well I don’t know all that many spells…." Nene said.



Linna looked a bit disappointed. Skuld leaned over and whispered something
into Nene’s ear.



"That would work," Nene said thankfully to Skuld. "How’s this?" Nene said
and started to concentrate. Nene’s clothes glowed an incandescent white,
they started to shift and reform. Whereas before Nene was wearing a skirt
and sweatshirt, now she was clad in her hardsuit.



"But that suit was destroyed," Sylia said.



"Belldandy was training me to call up my uniform. She told me to let it
flow and come naturally, the next thing I knew, I was in my hardsuit." Then
Nene remembered that Leon was still in the room. "I, uh, Oh no! Sylia I’m
so sorry!" The young goddess wailed hanging her head.



"Whatever for?" Sylia asked puzzled.



"I just blew it," Nene said.



Sylia caught on; she smiled at Nene, "Don’t worry. Leon already knows," she
said.



"He does?"



"Yes he does."



"How did you…?" Nene asked.

"It’s a long story, I’ll tell you later, " Leon said.



"Oh, OK then," Nene said, and shifted back into her street clothes.



Mackie, who had been working up his courage, got up and went to where Nene
was sitting.



"Nene I," he stopped and started to blush, "I read your last entry just
before you showed up. And well, I started to wish that you where here so I
could ask you something," he stammered.



"My last entry?" Nene said, then she remembered, "Oh!" She too started to
blush.



"How long do you think it will take him to ask her?" Priss said to Linna.



"I’m betting on 15 minutes, " Linna said.



"That sounds about right," Priss agreed.



By this point, Nene was as red as her hair.



"Well, " Mackie continued, "A line appeared saying something like ‘wish
granted my son’. The you appeared, and, well, I, uh."



"It seems that he’s lost all ability to say anything but one syllable
words," Washu noted.



Mackie took a deep breath, "Nene, what I’m trying to say is, I really like
you…"



"Like?" his sister protested gently.



"Alright love," Mackie said, "And I was wondering, do you want to go out
sometime, maybe?"



"Well, I, uh," Nene stammered.



"Now she seems to be doing it," Washu said.



"Maybe it’s catching," Linna said to her.



"This is getting embarrassing, " Leon said, "Nene Romanova, a-ten-hut!"



Nene, who had been stammering out some more one-syllable words, jumped to
her feet and snapped to attention. "Nene Romanova reporting sir!" she said.



"Good," Leon said, still doing a great drill sergeant impersonation. "Now I
want you to turn to the young man and tell him you’ll go out with him. Am I
making myself clear Romanova?"



"Yes sir!" Nene turned to Mackie, "I will….. Leon!!!"



"I was wondering if that would work," Leon said grinning.



Nene shot him a dirty look, then turned back to Mackie, "I would love to go
out with you, " she said.



"Ah young love, it’s so much fun to experiment on," Washu commented, "So
when do we go shopping?"



"Tomorrow," Nene said, "Mackie and I have some things we need to, uh, talk
about," she finished.



"Now don’t keep him up all night Nene. Remember, he’s still a young boy,"
Priss said, then she grinned evilly, "But not for long, eh Nene?"



"Priss!!" Nene complained.



The rest laughed at the still bushing couple.



Skuld sat shaking her head, "First it was Belldandy and Keiichi, and Nene
and Mackie. What is it with mortals?" Then she remembered something, "Wait
a minute Mackie, someone wrote ‘wish granted my son’ on the computer?" she
asked.



"Yeah, I thought it was one of you," Mackie said.



"Nene, can I use your phone?" Skuld asked.



"Sure, it’s over there," Nene said pointing.



Skuld quickly dialed a number, the others heard her say, "Lord did you
interfere?… But why?… Father I can… Well we’re on just going shopping and
sightseeing… You want what?… Yes Father." Then she hung up.



"Well what did He say?" Nene asked.



"He said He was the one who pulled us three weeks into the future, and that
he wanted a snow globe with Genom Tower in it," Skuld said.



"Why would He want that?" Nene asked.



"Who knows? My Father moves in mysterious ways," Skuld said.



"Well we’ll pick it up tomorrow shopping," Washu said, "Now I think we
better leave, these two have much to, uh, talk about." She grinned at Nene
and Mackie.



"Why do I have a feeling I’m never going to hear the end of this?" Nene
asked no one in particular.



"If you think it’s bad now, just wait until Urd hears about it," Skuld
said.



Nene blanched, "Maybe I’ll never leave my apartment for the rest of my
life."



End chapter one.



Chapter 2.



It’s funny how easily reality can be destroyed. A twist here and worlds
merge, a pull there and the entire Multi-verse comes unglued. That’s why
there are gods and goddess. They’re the keepers and the maintainers of the
system that keeps the worlds, and universes, separated, and the glue that
holds the glue together. Of course there are far too few divine beings to
keep everything together so well, that’s why there are heroes, people who
have an extra something. Maybe it’s the ability to be the best martial
artist in the world, or the number one genius in the universe. Or it just
could be the will to fight and to never give up in the face of darkness.
Kami-sama knows what it is of course. When a certain black hared, hammer
welding young goddess asked Him what it was. He said it had something to do
with not recognizing the fact that what the hero in question was about to
do was bloody dangerous and stupid. That’s why heroes tended to live very
short lives, and why Kami-sama had given them abilities above normal
humans, if He hadn’t, there wouldn’t be enough heroes.



Of course for every hero there has to be a villain. The Lord of Chaos has
its players to. They are the demons. The evil beings who try and rip the
Multi-verse to shreds, not to rule it, but just because they have nothing
better to do on a Sunday night. There are too few demons to do this, so
that is why evil men, women, and little green blobs exist. They are locked
in a battle that one day will destroy the Multi-verse. Only Kami-sama knows
how that’s going to end, and He isn’t telling. The one advantage that the
forces of good have ever had was that they controlled Yggdrasil, the
computer system that runs reality. Yggdrasil tells time what time it is. No
demon, no villain, has ever been able to use that system.



They are now.



Spring, Nene decided, was the perfect time to be shopping in MegaTokyo with
all her friends and her new boyfriend. Unfortunately, it was now fall in
MegaTokyo so it wasn’t quite as pleasant.



‘On the other hand,’ Nene thought, ‘The chilly weather gives me the perfect
excuse to snuggle up with Mackie’ and she did just that.



Mackie looked down at the young goddess and started to smile. He also
started to put his arm around Nene when Priss looked over from the display
of racing bikes that she was looking at.



"Hey! Didn’t you two get enough of that last night?" she shouted so that
most of the store heard her.



Mackie froze, so did Nene. Skuld looked up from a computer ad she was
reading.



"They were only going all night long," she complained.



"5 point 46 hours elapsed time," Washu corrected, "They stopped to rest,
and because Mackie found out Nene was ticklish."



"So is that why you had that stupid grin on your face this morning Nene?"
Linna asked her.



Mackie and Nene were devoutly praying for an orbital satellite strike right
about now. Kami-sama heard them of course, but He was having too much fun
to grant THAT wish.



Sylia looked at the young couple and took pity on them, "I think we have
embarrassed them enough for one day," she said firmly.



"You’re taking all the fun out of this Sylia," Linna complained.



Nene looked at her ‘former’ best friend. "I’ll get even, I don’t know what
I’ll do, but I will get even." She turned to glare at Priss as well.



Washu laughed, "I haven’t seen behavior like this in at lest 12, 000 years.
Not since I was last at the academy anyway."



Linna stared at Washu, "You’re 12,000 years old?" she asked in a small
voice.



"20,000 actually," Washu said.



"20,000?!" Linna squeaked.



Skuld, who was still engrossed in her computer ad noted, "So? I’m over 2
billion, and I don’t want to even think about how old Father is."



"But, but you look so young," Linna protested.



Skuld shrugged, "Goddess tend to look like what ever mortals want them to
look like. 1,000 years ago I looked like I was about Nene’s age. I also was
dressed in chain mail and carried a large sword," Skuld grinned evilly,
"Urd spent the time looking like an old crone."



"But how come Nene looks like she always does?" Mackie asked.



"Are you saying there’s something wrong with the way I look?" Nene asked in
a tone that held a hit of unpleasant things to come.



Mackie, aware that he just stuck his foot in it, and that he had about two
seconds to live if he didn’t straiten this out said, "Not a thing, you’re
beautiful." He leaned down and gave Nene a small kiss.



Nene’s anger melted like ice cream under a sunlamp, and so did she.



"There they go again, " Priss said disgustedly.



"The only mortals who know about Nene being a goddess is you guys," Skuld
said, "And to you, the Goddess of the Internet looks like Nene."



"Why don’t we go eat at Scirocco?" Sylia suggested.



"Why? So we can watch those two play footsy?" Priss asked.



Sylia leveled her gaze at Priss, "I seem to remember where Mackie last hid
his photos of you changing. I’m sure that Inspector McNichol would like to
have those as evidence."



Before Priss could respond to the threat, Nene rounded on her boyfriend.



"I thought I told you to stop taking those!" she said.



"It was six months ago," Mackie said quickly, backing up.



Nene started to cry.



Mackie rushed over to her, "Don’t cry, I promise I’ll never take another
one again, and I’ll get rid of everything I have."



Nene still was crying.



"And I’ll even treat you to ice-cream at Scirocco," he concluded.



"A large bowl?" Nene asked sniffing.



"As much as you want," Mackie said, "Please stop crying, I’m sorry."



"Great! Let’s go," Nene said, all traces of tears gone. She started pulling
Mackie to the restaurant.



"Maybe Nene’s more mature than I thought," Washu said.



Skuld started running after them, "Well come on, if we don’t hurry, Nene’s
going to eat all the ice cream!" she called back to the rest of them.



"Now Skuld on the other hand," Washu continued, "But hey, ice-cream is
ice-cream!"



It was after ice cream, after a concert that Priss performed at and even
after dinner. The Knight Sabers and their friends had gathered in Sylia’s
penthouse at the top of the Lady’s 633 building. They sat around the coffee
table just talking. Sylia was in a chair. Next to her sat Leon and Priss,
Leon happy that Priss hadn’t tried to kill him, and Priss trying to avoid
looking at Leon, but still sneaking glances when she thought no one was
looking. Linna, Washu and Skuld sat on one couch, and Nene and Mackie sat
on the other.



They had been talking through the night about nothing much in particular.
Finally Sylia asked something that had been on her mind ever since she had
found out Nene was now a goddess.



"Nene, what happens now?" she asked.



"What do you mean Sylia?" Nene asked.



"While I enjoyed today, what’s going to happen next. You said something
about this only being a visit. I must ask you, does this mean you’re
quitting the Knight Sabers?"



"I… I don’t know. I want to stay here," Nene looked at Mackie, "But I’m
supposed to be dead, and I don’t want to leave Skuld," Nene looked at
Skuld, "I also don’t know if Kami-sama will let me stay here."



Skuld spoke up, "Father assigns each of us where we can do the most good
once we finish training," she explained, "Sometimes that’s on the mortal
realm, but it’s usually in Heaven."



"So this might be our last night together?" Linna asked subdued.



"I don’t want to leave any of you," Nene said, "But I must obey the Lord."



"Has a goddess ever been taken away from where she wanted to be?" Leon
asked Skuld.



"Once," Skuld said with a shutter, remembering the recall that Belldandy
had gotten, and how it almost killed Keiichi.



"Well screw Him, Nene isn’t going anywhere she doesn’t want to," Priss said
angrily.



Skuld blinked at Priss a few times, "I think you might want to rephrase
that one Priss. Father does hear everything."



"I might be able to help, maybe," Washu said. "Recently, I had to keep a
large group from fading from the space time continuum. I still have the
shield that I used. It might be able to shield Nene from Him."



"Can it be done?" Sylia asked Skuld.



"I’m not sure, it might, but Father’s power is unlimited. I don’t think you
could actually shield anything from him, or resist him for very long," she
said.



The phone rang startling them all. Sylia went over and picked it up.



"Hello?" she said.



"Speaking, may I ask who’s calling?"



Sylia’s eyes widened a bit. She pushed the speakerphone button.



"Until further notice, Nene Goddess of the Internet, trainee, and Skuld,
Goddess of the Future, class two, category two, have been assigned to
MegaTokyo. Furthermore, they are athurorzed to open gateways between the
worlds. So I have spoken." Then He hung up.



"I guess I’m not leaving after all, " Nene said.



"What did He mean by gateways?" Washu wanted to know.



Skuld frowned a bit, "I don’t know. He’s never done it before." Suddenly
she stiffened.



"Skuld? Is anything wrong?" Nene asked.



"I…," Skuld screamed.



Nene shot to her feet, then it hit her too, "What?" she asked
disorientated. Then she too screamed and doubled over in pain.



"Nene!" Mackie exclaimed and rushed over to her. "What’s wrong?"



Washu held out her hands, forming her computer. What she saw made her gasp
in surprise. "Someone is changing reality," she announced. She called up
one of her portholes. Out of it popped four objects that looked like tops.
They set themselves up in each corner and started spinning.



"Washu what’s going on?" Mackie demanded franticly.



As soon as the objects started spinning, Nene and Skuld stopped screaming.



Supported by Linna, Skuld sat up, "Someone changed time, but that’s
impossible, only my sisters and I can do that. And even then, all three of
us need to be there and have Kami-sama’s permission."



"What are those things?" Nene asked Washu.



"Remember what I told you about protecting some people from being erased?"
she asked.



Nene nodded.



"Well this is what I used to do it. They only have enough power to shield
us for three days. After that the shield will collapse," she said.



"What happens then?" Leon asked.



"We will change with whatever new history has occurred. And from the looks
of it, I don’t think you’ll like it," Washu said looking out the window.



The rest followed her gaze. Out the window stood the Tower. It was
finished, it also took up half of MegaTokyo. What was left was a dark,
broken, city.



"What happened?" Priss said.



"I don’t know, but I think Genom won," Linna said.



End chapter two



Chapter three



An hour latter, Skuld beat her hands against the walls. "I’m locked out! I
don’t know who did it, but I’m locked out of Yggdrasil," she said angrily.



Washu leaned back in frustration, "My access as been cut as well. Nene?"



"I can’t get in, but I have found out what happened out there," Nene said.



"Well?" Priss demanded. Priss had been pacing the room like a caged
tigress.



"According to this, after the earthquake, Genom not only helped reconstruct
MegaTokyo, but bought it as well. The AD Police were never formed, and, "
Nene looked at Sylia, "Dr. Stingray, and his family were killed in a lab
explosion. Priss died in the earthquake, Linna was killed with her parents
by that boomer, and I was found dead one day after school, it was a
suicide. They Knight Sabers never formed. Genom slowly took over the world.
Right now, MegaTokyo has about 2 million people living in it, all Genom
employees, and about 60 million boomers."



"My God," it wasn’t clear who said it.



"So what do we do now?" Leon asked.



"We need access to Yggdrasil, all I can do is access the base programs that
all gods and goddess can," Skuld said.



"What I wouldn’t give to have Mihoshi here right now," Washu muttered. Then
she stopped. "Skuld, you and Nene can still travel right?"



"Yeah, that’s one of the base programs is that. Why?"



"I think I have a plan," Washu said, "But were going to need help."



They had moved to the basement of the Lady’s 633 building, and pulled out
of their lockers the remaining hardsuits.



"So this building is shielded?" Sylia asked Washu.



"Yes, for three days it will exist out of the space time continuum, but
only for three days. After that, we all will start to follow what the new
history is," Washu said.



"What about Genom? If they see this bright building where there wasn’t one
before, they will attack it," Linna said.



"Genom won’t even know that it’s here. Whatever was here in this time line
is what Genom and everyone else will see," Washu explained.



The Knight Sabers, after sending Leon and Mackie out of the room, finished
suiting up. Nene too called up her uniform.



"So you want to go back to your lab?" Skuld asked Washu.



Washu nodded, "We’re going to need help, and my lab’s the perfect place to
get it. One, its shield will not fail, two, we can use its resources to
plan the attack, and three, that’s where my daughter and Lord Tenchi are."



"I don’t understand why we need them," Priss said, "We’ve handled Genom
before."



"But not like this, this Genom has had no control, not even public image,
you’re going to need some heavy duty fire power, and that’s Ryoko and Lord
Tenchi," Washu replied.



Nene called up the porthole and led them all through it.



At the top of Genom Tower, someone else was wondering over the changes that
had been made.



"The Knight Sabers are lose again," he said.



"Impossible, I made sure that they were taken care of in this time line." A
man who was hidden in the shadows spoke this.



"Are you sure? You have failed to destroy them before."



"Yes, if you don’t believe me, see for yourself," the man replied. He
gestured to an alcove on one wall of the office. It lit up, in it where
five tubes. In each tube, suspended from aging and time, was the Knight
Sabers and Mackie.



"They haven’t broken out of suspended animation, and even if they did, what
could they do? Sylia did not get the tape of Dr. Stingray, Priss, and Linna
are still young girls. Nene is only 15. This isn’t a fighting team, this is
a preschool," the man gloated.



Quincy narrowed his eyes, "Make sure they stay that way Largo. I can easily
crush you as you can them."



Largo’s red eyes narrowed as well, in anger, "As you wish Mr. Chairman."



They arrived in the lab to find another fight going on, this time; it was
between Tsunami and….



"Oneechan! Urd!" Skuld exclaimed, and ran to embrace Belldandy.



Belldandy returned the hug, "Skuld, where have you been? We’ve been locked
out of Yggdrasil, and we need you to help us reset the time line."



"I’ve been locked out too Oneechan, Nene, Washu and I just got back from
MegaTokyo, some one’s changed the future." Skuld’s nostrils flared when she
said that. The future after all, was her responiceablity.



Belldandy looked at the Knight Sabers questionably.



"These are Nene’s friends," Skuld explained, "Sylia, Linna, Priss, Leon and
Mackie."



"I am pleased to meet you," Belldandy said bowing, "Nene has spoken highly
of you all." She finished this by looking directly at Mackie who blushed a
bit.



Urd looked at Washu, "And you would be?"



"Washu! The greatest genius of the Multi-verse. But call me Washu-chan!"



Urd face faulted.



"So what do we do know Washu?" Leon asked.



Washu looked at him, Leon got the hint.



"Alright, Washu-chan," Leon said with a sigh.



"Well, first we…." Washu broke off when she felt a tap on her shoulder.



"Ano, Washu-chan, are all these people coming to dinner?" a voice said
behind her.



"No! Not Yosho, not Ryo-Ohki, Ryoko, not even Tenchi himself could get
through the seal I put on that door." Washu spun around to face the blond
horror. "Mihoshi how did you get in here?" Washu screamed at her.



Mihoshi looked thoughtful, ok, she looked like she was TRYING to think.
"Well Kiyone and I just got back from patrol, and Sasami asked me to tell
you that dinner was ready. I went to your door, but it was locked, then I
tripped over Ryo-Ohki, my gun fell out and went off. It…" Mihoshi went on
for about five minutes describing the chain reaction that involved herself,
Kiyone, a cabbit, two princesses of Jurai, the Jurai guardians, Tenchi,
Yosho, a very angry Ryoko, and a poor pizza delivery boy who had the wrong
house. He was expected to make a full recovery.



"Well after that, I tried your door again, and it opened this time,"
Mihoshi concluded happily.



Everyone just starred at her.



"Does this happen often?" Belldandy asked Tsunami in a shaken voice.



"All the time, Lady Belldandy, all the time," Tsunami replied.



"And this is the person you want to help us?" Priss asked Washu.



Washu thought about it for a second, "Well if we release her in the Tower,
I give Genom about 10 hours before they fall apart," then she shook her
head, "No, that’s to cruel, even for Genom."



Washu turned to Mihoshi, "Tell Sasami that there will be some guest for
dinner."



Dinner was a wonderful affair that had Belldandy and Sasami promising to
exchange recipes. After it was over, a council of war was called.



Washu explained who the guests were, and what the problem was. Tenchi of
course said that he would help, which prompted Ryoko and Ayeka to join the
party. Mihoshi joined in saying that it was a Galaxy Police officers duty
to help out. Kiyone implored the heavens as to why she was stuck with
Mihoshi. Urd told her that she would look it up the first chance she got.



"What I don’t understand is why God won’t help us. I mean this is wrong, so
why isn’t He doing something," Priss said.



"He cannot, it is forbidden," Belldandy said gently.



"What?" Priss said, not understanding.



Belldandy sighed, "This is a battle, Father is limitless, but He has said
that He would not interfere in a battle between good and evil."



"I don’t understand, what do you mean?" Priss asked, for some reason this
was very important to her.



Belldandy smiled at the angry young woman, "All through out time, a battle
has been fought between Kami-sama, our Father, and the Lord of Chaos.
Father could have destroyed the Lord of Chaos, but for some reason, He has
not. He knows how the battle will end, but He won’t tell us. He has also
agreed to limit Himself and not to interfere with the battles, all He can
do is send people to fight for Him. That is why He made Nene a goddess, so
that she, Skuld, and the rest of us can fight in the battle."



"How do you know it’s not just a bug?" Priss asked.



"The new time line target the Knight Sabers and Genom's enemies
specifically, no bug is that intelligent," Belldandy replied, "He is with
us, and had given us the tools to fight with, but we must be the ones to
fight. Father loves us so much, He will not take away free choice."



"So that’s it? This is a battle for the universe?" Priss said. Belldandy
nodded. Priss looked at Sylia, "Next time you recruit someone, make sure to
list that saving the universe is part of the job description."



"I’ll make sure to remember that," Sylia said.



Kiyone spoke up, "Just one more time, the plan is that we," she gestured to
include everyone in the Masaki household, "Take care of the boomers and
guards, while the Knight Sabers take on Quincy and the goddesses and Washu
try to get back into Yggdrasil and fix the time line."



Washu nodded, "That’s the plan."



Sylia stood up, "Good, in that case, Knight Sabers," she paused for a
second, "And guest, sanjo!"



The goddesses opened portals and led the teams through them. The assault on
Genom Tower had begun.



Tenchi



Tenchi, in Jurai battle armor, Ryoko, and Ayeka were somewhere deep in
Genom Tower, and in trouble. The goddesses had gotten them into the Tower,
and the teams had split up, each heading for their goals. Tenchi had gotten
separated from Mihoshi, and Kiyone, but found Ryoko and Ayeka. Now they
stood back to back in a hall filled with boomer pieces.



The boomers themselves were easy enough to kill; it was just that there
were so many of them.



Ryoko fired off a shot that sent three more BU-12B’s to the scrap heap. Ten
more took their place.



"Tenchi, we can’t hold on like this for too much longer," she said.



"I hate to say it, but I agree with Ryoko," Ayeka said.



Ryoko looked over and smiled grimly at the princess, "That’s a first."



Ayeka smiled back, "Don’t tell anyone."



"I won’t if you won’t," Ryoko said and blasted a couple more boomers.



Mihoshi



The two Galaxy Police detectives were lost, somewhere, somehow, Mihoshi had
managed to find a passage away from everyone. Now completely turned around,
Kiyone and Mihoshi followed it, hoping to find a way back to their friends.



"Kiyone?" Mihoshi asked.



Kiyone sighed, Mihoshi had been asking stupid questions for the last half
hour, "Yes, Mihoshi?"



"What does OMS mean?"



The Knight Sabers



The Knight Sabers had reached the summit of Genom Tower with the goddesses
and Washu. They had found Largo waiting for them.



"How many times do we have to kill this guy?" Priss complained, "He’s like
that damned bunny."



Largo smiled slightly, "I don’t know how you managed to escape, or to age
yourselves, but here you will die."



Linna sighed, "Here we go again, he’s about to spout how he’s a god and
we’re nothing but dirt."



Largo looked puzzled for a second, then he smiled again, it wasn’t a very
nice smile. "Oh, you mean that annoying boomer messiah complex. This time I
routed it our before I took on this body." Largo’s red eyes widen slightly,
"So, you are the original Knight Sabers. I shall enjoy killing you."



Sylia turned to the goddess and Washu, "Go! Take Nene with you and go.
Quincy is behind the door, we’ll try to keep Largo busy."



"Sylia, you need me," Nene said.



"They need you more. Now go, that’s an order!" Sylia paused, "And give my
love to Mackie."



"SYLIA!" Nene screamed as Belldandy and Urd dragged her off.



Sylia turned back to Largo, hatred burned in her eyes, "You plan ends here,
Brian J. Mason."



"So does your dream, Sylia Stingray."



Leon



Back in Washu’s lab, Mackie, Tsunami, Yosho, and Leon waited.



"How long do you think we have?" Leon asked.



"They have joined the battle," Tsunami replied, "The Lord won’t tell me
anything else."



"I hate waiting," Leon said.



"Try waiting 700 years," Yosho said, calmly sipping tea.



Belldandy



The goddesses entered the office of the chairman of Genom. Quincy sat at
his desk.



"I welcome you to Genom," he said, "I now understand who you are." He spun
around a computer screen, on it were the files of Belldandy, Urd, Skuld,
and Nene. "I am honored to greet the Norns and their guest."



"You know why we’re here. Mortals cannot have access to Yggdrasil,"
Belldandy said.



Quincy smiled, "I agree, however, I am not a mortal."



"Does everyone have deliouions of grandeur around here?" Urd asked.



"You mean Largo? He’s useful, like right now he’s killing the Knight
Sabers." Quincy smiled at Nene’s intake of breath. "I have a higher goal to
achieve. You Nene, were made a goddess by that fool Kami-sama," Quincy held
up a hand, it was sheathed in black fire, "The Lord of Chaos granted me
some power as well."



"What does that mean?" Nene asked Belldandy.



"He’s a demon, and a powerful one," she replied.



Tenchi



They were almost drained; a shot from one of the bazookas from one boomer
had gotten trough Ayeka’s force field enough to knock her unconscious.
Tenchi and a rapidly tiring Ryoko stood guard over her. More boomers filled
the passageway.



"Tenchi?" Ryoko said.



"Yes?" Tenchi replied, swinging his sword and slicing a boomer in two.



"I love you," Ryoko said. She channeled her power into a blast that cleared
the passage. Then she too collapsed, "Take Ayeka and go," she said weakly.



"No!" Tenchi said, "I’m not leaving any you."



Behind him, 20 boomers took aim. Tenchi looked at them, determination in
his eyes. The boomers fired, the hall went white.



Knight Sabers



Linna was down, a blow form Largo had knocked her three feet into one of
the support beams. Priss had her legs shattered. Even if they survived, it
was doubtful that she would ever be able to walk with out cybernetics, and
would never fight with the Knight Sabers again. Sylia had fought after
that, trying not to worry about her teammates. Now her suit was damaged
beyond repair, and her shins broken.



Largo, Sylia realized, had been playing with us. Now he stood over Sylia.
He griped her by her helmet and squeezed. The visor shattered, and Largo
looked directly into her eyes.



"So it ends," said. He drew back his hand.



Belldandy



Quincy struck fast. A force bolt of darkness flew towards the goddesses. It
was deflected off of a shield that Belldandy and Urd spoke into place with
one word. The two sisters looked at each other and nodded.



"Skuld, you Nene and Washu try to get back into Yggdrasil," Urd said
firmly. "Belldandy and I will handle this bastered."



Normally, Skuld would have protested being ordered around by Urd. This time
she realized what her sisters were doing, what they were sacerficeing on
the hope that Skuld could set things right.



"All right, Oneesama," she said.



Urd looked shocked, that was the first time Skuld has actually called her
oldest sister by that title, "Will the wonders never cease?" she wondered.



She and Belldandy joined hands, and sent a bright blue force beam at
Quincy.



He laughed, "Is that the best you can do? I shall kill you, then your
sister."



Kami-sama



The realm of Kami-sama is a place filled with light, all from Kami-sama
Himself. The realm of the Lord of Chaos is filled with darkness, all from
itself.



"They are loosing," the darkness said with satisfaction.



"I know," Kami-sama said, "But random chance still may take a hand."



The darkness smiled, "Chance is my servant."



A grin appeared on Kami-sama’s face, "True, but I think you hired it out to
someone else."



"What do you mean?" The Lord of Chaos asked.



Kami-sama pointed to where a blond had gained access to a sealed room by
accidentally squirting one of her drink packs into the access system,
shorting it out.



"Mihoshi," The Lord of Chaos sighed.



Mihoshi



Mihoshi and Kiyone gained access to the OverMind control System, or the
OMS.



"What is this place?" Kiyone wondered out loud.



Mihoshi wandered over to a large chair and sat down with a sigh. Her feet
hurt. Leaning back, she came with in range of the sensors built into the
head of the chair.



"Um, Kiyone? What’s this?" Mihoshi asked pointing to a screen that lit up.



Kiyone read it quickly, "It says you can control the boomers from here."
Then what she just said made it’s way to her brain. "Mihoshi! Tell the
boomers to stop fighting!"



"Um, I don’t…, Oh how about this Kiyone?" Mihoshi said.



Tenchi



Protected with the Wings of the Light Hawk, Tenchi stood over Ryoko and
Ayeka, daring the boomers to advance again. The boomers however had
stopped. The looked like they were waiting for something.



The boomers started singing.



The song was one that Tenchi recognized as one that Mihoshi and Kiyone like
to sing at Karaoke bars.



"Mihoshi," Tenchi sighed, a sweat drop forming on the back of his head.



Knight Sabers



‘Goodbye Nene, take good care of Mackie’ Sylia thought as Largo’s fist drew
back. Sylia was determined not to close her eyes, she would face her death
bravely.



Largo halted, seeming to savor the moment. But as the moments passed, Sylia
realized that somehow she had been saved. Then Largo started to sing. He
was worse than Nene was when she got drunk that one time. Sylia found that
she was unable to escape Largo’s grip.



"Maybe I better rethink that thought about being saved," she winced as
Largo hit a very off key, note.



The Goddesses of Debugging



The battle between Quincy and Belldandy and Urd raged in the background.
Skuld, Nene, and Washu, the most skilled minds when it came to computers
hardly noticed. To them, all attention was focused on two words on their
screens.



‘Access denied.’



All the tricks that they knew where worthless, Skuld’s inside knowledge of
Yggdrasil was unable to gain them access to the system.



The three looked at each other.



"I’m out of ideas," Skuld said.



"So am I," Washu said. "For the first time in 20,000 years, I don’t know
what to do."



They looked at Nene, she shook her head, "I don’t know what to do either."



Skuld noticed something on Nene’s hardsuit, "Nene, what are those probes
for?" she asked.



"For hacking into…. Closed…. Systems…. Skuld, I’m going to buy you as much
ice-cream as you can eat!" Nene exclaimed, and shot her probes at the
computer.



"Do they actually make that much?" Washu asked Skuld.



Nene



Nene felt something strange when her probes connected with the computer.
Something like what happened when Largo tried to invade her mind, but not
quite. That was forced, almost like a mental rape. This was gentle, someone
was asking permission.



Nene opened her mind.



She stood on a gray plain. Around her were shapes, and sounds that she
couldn’t quite identify, but they were familiar. Ahead of her, a woman
appeared. She was beautiful. She was an older lady, but carried the weight
of her years as a sort of a jewel. She also looked like Tsunami.



"Who are you?" Nene asked.



"Yggdrasill," the other lady replied.



"The computer?" Nene wondered.



The Lady smiled at the young goddess, "No, I am the sprit of the World
Tree. You have met my daughter, Tsunami."



"Can you help us?" Nene asked desperately.



"I cannot restore the time line," she said, "Only the Norns can do that."



"But…"



"I can, young goddess, give them back their access, and take away the evil
one’s."



"Thank you Lady Yggdrasill," Nene said bowing.



"Thank you, Lady Nene, for making my youngest care taker happy," Yggdrasill
said, fading from view.



Nene slammed back into her own body. Looking around wildly Nene noticed
something odd, Quincy was frozen, so was Washu. The Norns were not.



Looking at Quincy angrily, Urd spoke up.



"Yggdrasil, this is system administrator Urd, Goddess of the Past and cupid
of love, authorization, Urd765."



Belldandy also spoke, "Yggdrasil, this is system maintainer Belldandy,
Goddess of the Present and Nature, authorization, Belldandy902."



Skuld fixed Quincy with a look of hatred, "Yggdrasil, this is system
designer Skuld, Goddess of the Future. Authorization, Skuld232."



The screen on the desk printed these words, 'Accepted, awaiting final
authorization.'



From nowhere came a voice, "Yggdrasil, this is Kami-sama, authorization
Alpha-Omega."



'New time loop started, effects will be felt in 5 seconds.' Yggdrasil
reported.



5



Mihoshi was running out of songs for the boomers to sing.



4



Tenchi, supporting Ryoko and Ayeka, moved down the hall, killing boomers
that got in his way.



3



Sylia had managed to get out of Largo’s grasp, and had pulled herself over
to Priss.



Priss had been trying to cover her ears to block out the sound of the still
singing Largo.



"His god speech was better than this," she said to Sylia.



2



"What’s happening?" Leon demanded of Tsunami.



"Yggdrasill said that the time line was being restored to normal."



1



"So what are we going to do with him and Largo?" Nene asked Skuld and the
now unfrozen Washu.



"I was thinking of a nice pit somewhere," Skuld said.



"I think I got a better idea," Washu said. She leaned over and whispered it
to the two goddesses.



"I LOVE IT!" Skuld and Nene said together.



"New time line started," Yggdrasill said. Kami-sama nodded. He looked over
at the Lord of Chaos and raised a brow, "Game," He said, "I believe you owe
me something."



The darkness grumbled, but got to its feet and started to sing ‘Mad
Machine’ it was much better than Largo.



They had gathered at the top of the Tower. It was unfinished once more.
Below them spread MegaTokyo, back to what it was originally. The wounds
were healed, and armor repaired.



"It’s like it never happened," Ryoko said.



"It never did," Belldandy replied.



Tenchi looked out at the dawn that was rising, "Let’s go home."



Back at Washu’s lab, Nene flew into Mackie’s arms. No one made fun of them.
But that was because they were too busy looking at Priss and Leon.



Leon had given Priss a bear hug when she emerged from the porthole. Priss
returned it.



Linna started to speak about this amazing turn of events, but Sylia tapped
her on the shoulder and shook her head.



It was in this touching moment that Mihoshi asked, "What’s to eat?"



Everyone face faulted.



Later after a dinner that Belldandy and Sasami made, Tenchi, Sylia, and
Belldandy where sitting together talking.



"I’m still not sure what happened to Quincy and Mason," Belldandy said.



"Didn’t they get erased with the time line?" Tenchi asked.



Belldandy shook her head, "No, They were too powerful, history had been
restored, and everything set right, but those two should have still been
there. Powerless, but still there."



Mihoshi’s giggling interrupted the talk. The Galaxy Police detective had
been watching cartoons on TV.



The trio wandered over to see what was so funny.



On the screen, a man in a suit was running on a treadmill, while an older
white hared man looked out of some bars.



The one on the treadmill stopped at looked at the other one, "Gee Quincy,
what are we going to do tonight?" he asked.



Quincy turned to face him, "The same thing we do every night Mason. Try to
take over the world!"



"Skuld," Belldandy said.



"Nene," Sylia said, covering her forehead with her hand.



"Washu," Tenchi sighed. "Do you think it was a major blunder to let those
three get together?"



Belldandy and Sylia nodded.



On screen the chorus chimed in singing, "they’re Mason, they’re Mason and
Quincy, Quincy, Quincy, Quincy, Quincy, Quincy, Quincy, NARF!"



Mihoshi laughed.



The Knight Sabers and the goddess were about ready to return home. Nene was
saying goodbye to her friends.



"I’ll miss you, I promise I’ll come back to visit," she said with tears in
her eyes.



Priss hugged her, "You better, or, or, or I’ll let Mackie start taking more
photos."



A beam of light streaked from the sky and impacted on the ground.



"What does it say?" Tenchi asked Belldandy.



"It says, ‘Nene is granted her license, and is awarded the status of a
class two, category two goddess, also she is assigned to MegaTokyo until
she finishes her instructions to get me a snow globe with Genom Towers in
it. So I have spoken.’ Looks like you get to go back to MegaTokyo after all
Nene," Belldandy said. But Nene didn’t hear her, she was too busy cheering
and kissing Mackie.







Notes:

Some notes on a few details. Yggdrasil is the computer system, don’t ask me
why, but this is the way it is spelled in my copy of the AMG manga that
mentions it. Yggdrasill is the correct spelling of the world tree. So that
extra l is there for a reason.

Voluspa, for those not up on their Norse mythology, was a goddess who knew
what had happened, and what will happen. She tells the story from the
creation of the gods, to the final battle.

The well that was mentioned was the Well of Urd. It’s a body of water, more
like a pool, that the three Norns sit around and decide men’s fates. It’s
from this well that they also draw water to tend to Yggdrasill, and why the
tree is so white. It’s been said that this might have been the pool that
Belldandy was standing on in the first tape.

This is the part where I’m supposed to thank everyone who sent in C&C by
name. I would too except that Hotmail erased the file I had with all my C&C
in it. (Sigh) I assume you know who you are, and I just want to say thanks
to those that did and I can’t remember their names. Special thanks does go
to Richard Robinson who spell checked the Twelve Days of Christmas for me.
Malcolm ‘Ryoga’ Wilson for listening to me rant and rave about this story,
even though he doesn’t like fan fics (I’m working on him). And finaly,
Tanya ‘Priss’ Muller, that kawaiikune tomboy who resembles her nickname
(And others like Akane, and Linna Inverse) for listing to ideas and not
trying to poison me with her food. As always, C&C of any form is greatly
appreciated.



Please send me C&C!!!!!!!!



Ja,

Jusenkyo Guide


