Jusenkyo Productions Proudly Presents

A Bubblegum Crisis, Ah! My Goddess!, and Tenchi Muyo! cross over

Knights

Part 1: Knight Fall

(That legal stuff that no one really reads)

The door sighed open, reveling my apartment. Once I had called this place
my mansion, but that was a long time ago, in a happier life. Now it was
just a low rent apartment just a few miles away from ADPHQ.

I sighed as I sat down at the computer counsel. Why did it have to be
today? I wondered, I always felt that of all days, today is the day that I
could most due without. Everything thing seemed to remind me about what I
had lost today, and why I was now alone.

The door bell rang. Right on time I thought. He never misses it, no matter
how many times I tell him to stay away, he always shows up.

"Come on in Leon." I said.

Leon looked a lot older from when I first met him. Gone was the rebel, the
devil may care attitude. Leon McNichol was a changed man. Of course he was
under a lot of strain right now, the ADP was having a tough time of it with
the....

No, I'm not going to think about it.

"I'm amazed that you didn't try to kick me out, or shoot my head off."

He said.

I shrugged, "It hasn't worked before, besides, I figured I would get into
trouble if I shot the chief of the AD Police."

Leon gave me a small smile. "It's been 10 years now, are you sure you don't
want......." He trailed off.

"No Leon, thank you for the offer, but please leave me alone. Let me deal
with my grief, and morn fallen comrades on my own."

Leon nodded, "I know what it is like to lose a partner, and just

remember that if you should need me, I'm always here for you." With that he
turned and left. Once again, I was alone.

I turned back to the computer, and flipped the switch. The system

loaded. I reached over and inserted a disk. The computer thought about

it for a second before bringing up a file and opening it.

The screen read: October 31, 2044, Personal Journal of Nene Romanova.

'Today', I started typing, 'it has been ten years today that the Knight
Sabers were killed, and I lost my world. In that ten years, Genom wasted no
time in turning the city of Mega Tokyo into wall to wall boomers. The ADP
cannot keep up with the strain, and the only reason it is not shut down, is
the fact that Leon is so popular'.

I break off with tears in my eyes. Syila's dream was dead. Genom had won. I
remembered back to that night, ten years ago. I was on duty when Syila had
called to tell me she and the others were going out for a bit. She wanted
me to monitor them from the ADPHQ. I wish now that I could have gone along.

I heard nothing until Leon came up to me and told me he needed to speak
with me some place private. He told me that he and Daley had responded to a
call from a warehouse, there, in a pile, where the dead bodies of my
friends.

Leon wasn't stupid. Once he knew who the rest of the Knight Sabers were, he
had no trouble figuring out who the fourth one was.

I started typing again. 'From what I know now, it was a BU-75 that killed
them. The part that keeps on running through my mind is, if I was there, it
wouldn't have happened. Genom's newest boomer had a way to hide from the
sensors in the suits. After it happened, Mackie and I ran a few test, I
would have been able to find the damn boomer before it

could have killed my friends if I had been there.

But now it is too late. Mackie moved back to Germany, he decided that he
had enough of the bloodshed. And that enough Stingrays had been

killed by Genom. I stayed in Mega Tokyo, thinking that I could help the

ADP bring down Genom. In ten years, the ADP has become more of a joke

than it was in 2034.

I miss them, Linna, Syila, even Priss. I would give anything to have her
call me 'Little Miss Cyberpunk' again. And sometimes I can almost hear
Sylia calling us into battle saying, "Knight Sabers......"'

*************

The words flashed across the screen, 'Program complete, awaiting

authorization.'

"Yaggdrasil, this is system administrator Urd, Goddess of the Past and
cupid of love, authorization, Urd765".

"Yaggdrasil, this is system maintainer Belldandy, Goddess of the Present
and Nature, authorization, Belldandy902".

"Yaggdrasil, this is system designer Skuld, Goddess of the Future.
Authorization, Skuld232".

The screen printed these words, 'Accepted, awaiting final

authorization.'

"Yaggdrasil, this is Kami-sama, authorization Alpha-Omega".

'New time loop started, effects will be felt in 5 seconds.' Yaggdrasil
reported.

****************

"Sanjo!" The White Saber said.

I looked around startled, what was going on.....? Wasn't I just at my
apartment?

"Hey! Little Miss Cyperpunk, stop daydreaming!" Priss demanded.

I shook my head to clear it. "Hey, you're the one who kept me up all last
night! It's no wonder that I can't concentrate."

"Will the two of you stop for the moment? Our informant told us to meet him
here, but I don't see him. Nene, what are you picking up?" Sylia asked.

I scanned the area. "Nothi..... Wait a sec...... I'm picking up

something..... SYLIA LOOK OUT!!!!!!!" I screamed as I dove at her.

A blast exploded the wall inward, covering us all with debris. I pushed
Syila out of the blast's way. I felt my armor give, pain, then,

nothingness.

End of part one
