Well, finals have finished, and so I'm back to work on my 'fics. After I
got totalled a couple of times, of course.

Here's part 6 of my SI 'fic.

The Laughter of the Gods, Goddamn Them.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Part 6
-----------

            Tenchi and I ran after the frantically fencing femmes
fatale. It was getting interesting, really; Both girls had failed to
score damage on the other, but both were losing clothes. 

            There were only two problems with this at the minute.

            Tenchi would be getting a nosebleed soon, and I would end up
with trouble walking.

            There were a lot of cabbit giggles from my head, as Ryo-Ohki
had decided to hitch a lift. This was distracting as her ears kept
falling over my eyes.

            Have you ever tried to run with two horrifically sharp
objects through a forest with something covering your eyes?

            My point exactly.

            It was about now that I realised that the girls had stopped
fighting.

            In fact, they were too knackered to keep fighting. This was
good news for us, as it meant that we didn't have to worry about blades
or similar coming our way. Ryo-Ohki took this point to hop off my head
(a weight off my mind) and try to decide which of the near-naked girls
was Ryoko.

            Tenchi was facing the other way.

            "Okay, Ryoko, why did you have a go at razing Jurai?" I knew
the answer full well, but Reioko would have to hear it herself from
Ryoko.

            "Oh, Gods... Kagato." And she launched into how Kagato had
enslaved her and used her... I switched off for a bit. 

            When Ryoko had finished, Reioko was looking at us. "Is that
true?" 

            "Yes," Said Tenchi, still facing away. "We had to clear that
mess up. That was not a picnic by any description."

            Ryoko set full seduction mode. "Ohhh, Tenchi? I think I hurt
myself getting this girl off me..." She slowly advanced on  him, trying
to do what she had so frequently failed to do.

            I left Tenchi to it, while Reioko and I set off to the
house, and set off a few personal fireworks of our own.

            "So, you've found someone else to love, you
seven-hundred-year old mummy."

            Reioko gave the purple-haired princess a blank look, that
slowly turned to fury.

            "Do... I... Know... YOU?" 

             I put a hand on Reioko's shoulder. "Down, girl. She thinks
you're Ryoko."

             "THINK? I know she is... oh." Aeka's eyes went wide as
Ryoko emerged from the undergrowth behind us. Closely followed by
Tenchi. "AAAAA! Two Ryokos! I can't... cope... aaaahhhhhhh." She
fainted. Very, very, finally. There was no real chance of her coming out
of that anytime soon.

**************

              Sasami had cooked an incredible feast. In the intrests of
diplomacy, Tenchi sat between myself and Reioko. This caused the other
girls at the table to fume- particularly Ryoko and Aeka- but aside from
that, we got on fine. The only problem was Washu and Katenu. 

              "Ittadakimas!"

              The meal was truly incredible. I had never eaten authentic
Japanese cuisine before, but I had attempted Okonomiyaki in the past. I
did a reasonable job as well, if I can boast. During the meal, Yosho and
I discussed Kendo, I picked up tips on haircare from the girls, Ryo-Ohki
turned up in the oddest of places- I learned to understand her!-
Nobuyuki drooled at Reioko, and Tenchi and I discovered a common topic
to argue.
              
              "There is no way the platemail of European Knights could
have held up against a katana!"

              "And I say that a Samurai would have been a disaster at a
Joust!"

              "Bushido outranks Chivalry as a way of life!"

              "Oh yes?"

               We stopped and looked round at the rest of the table.
There was silence. "Ummm... Gomen," we chorused.

               "I have an idea," said Yosho. "Each of you decide what
scheme to live your life by, for a week. And at the end, we shall see
who is happiest. Who has done best. Is it agreed?"

               Tenchi and I looked at each other.

               "Done." Another chorus.

               "Right. I'll take chivalry."

               "I'll take bushido." This was Tenchi's last comment of
the day. We finished the meal, and I wondered what I'd let myself in
for.
