Light Hawk, Dark Knight 

*Batman and any associated characters are trademark and copyright DC Comics, 
part of Warner Bros., part of Time Warner.  **Tenchi Universe and all associated 
characters are trademark and copyright AIC * Pioneer LDC.  I know I did not 
create these characters, I am simply not that brilliant.  This work was not done 
for profit, only for fun and to see whether or not I possess any writing talent 
at all.

Note:  Two slashes will surround a character's thoughts, a solid line indicates 
a scene or 
setting change.

Yet Another Note: If you didn't read part one, then please do so, it'll make me 
feel better.  
What's that?  No, you should be able to understand the story okay without having 
read 
part one (its not like there was much of a story involved anyway).


"Part 2 - Conflict and Explanations"

As the Batman turned to face the group, his made a quick mental reference and 
analysis 
on each individual.

\\The one up front, holding a wooden sword just like the older man's.  He's 
young but looks determined, especially since the old man is apparently his 
grandfather.  Something a little off about him, too.//  

\\Next closest is a young girl who's hovering above ground.  Appearance odd. 
extraterrestrial perhaps?  Have to be on guard.  She also looks ready for a 
fight.//

\\A few feet back and to the right, two young women in some type of uniform.  
Security?  One with teal hair aiming some sort of firearm but can't hide some 
nervousness.  The other, blonde one seems frightened, probably not much of a 
threat.//

\\And at the rear a young girl with purple hair, appears nervous.  Not armed, 
but that doesn't indicate a non-threat.  On either side of her, a cylindrical 
wooden unit, each with a glowing eye.  They appear to be protecting her.//  

There was something a bit "off" about all of them, in fact, but Batman could not 
yet hypothesize what it might be.  He probably would not have the time to, 
either.

"Hey, I said you should explain why you hurt my grandfather, and you'd better 
make it quick!" said Tenchi.  Batman understood Japanese perfectly well, but did 
not yet make any reply.  Tenchi was about to open his mouth again when Batman 
cut him off.

"I think you should be answering my questions first, especially if you came from 
that house over there" said the Batman.  The sound of his voice intimidated 
Tenchi slightly, as well as the others, but he did not back down.  Tenchi again 
went to speak, but was again interrupted, though by a different source this 
time.

"Stand back, Tenchi darling," said Ryoko.  Batman noticed peripherally that the 
young woman standing at the rear of the group became annoyed at this.  "Let me 
take care of this freak," continued Ryoko as she hovered forward and pushed 
Tenchi aside.  "He might have been able to beat your grandfather but I bet I can 
give him more than he can handle."  "Well, okay Ryoko, if you're sure," said 
Tenchi, deciding to check on his grandfather once the opportunity presented 
itself, but also ready to back Ryoko up if necessary.  

Batman shifted into his fighting stance.  Part of him regretted not coming to a 
more diplomatic solution, but a larger part wanted knew he might need to make a 
display of force if he wanted to make these people talk.  Then, suddenly, the 
hovering girl, whose name sounded like Ryoko, disappeared.  The Batman tensed, 
immediately recognizing that she was a teleporter. \\Looks like this just got 
even more interesting//, he thought, attempting to ready himself for a surprise 
attack.  He knew where the attack was coming from just as it happened, but did 
not have enough time to block or dodge.  He was hit with a kick to the side of 
the head, the force of the blow knocking him a few feet away.  His training 
allowed him to roll with blow in order to lessen the impact, but he could 
already feel the blood in his mouth.

\\Someone her size shouldn't be able to put that much power into a kick, must 
have enhanced strength as well//, thought Batman, \\great.//  She teleported 
again, but this time he was more prepared.  She went for a punch this time, but 
he caught her arm and pulled her in, delivering four quick chops to different 
pressure points.  She did not go down as he expected, but stumbled back a bit.

"Aw, what's the matter, didn't get the result you expected," she taunted, seeing 
the hint of surprise on his face, "well I'm through playing around."  Batman's 
eyes narrowed as Ryoko formed her energy-sword.  \\Energy manipulation as 
well//, he thought, \\have to hope the others are not all this powerful.//  

Ryoko lunged through the air at Batman, who only dodged at the last second in 
order to try to throw her off.  She recovered quickly, though, and took a broad 
horizontal slash at him.  The Batman backflipped up and over the strike, landed 
on his hands, and did two more backflips before coming to a halt several feet 
back.  

"Hey, not bad," complimented Ryoko at the Batman's agility.  As he reached into 
his belt for something, the energy-sword disappeared.  Instead, a round ball of 
energy appeared between her hands.  \\No good//, thought the Batman, \\have to 
get to a less open area.//  Anticipating the long-range attack that was coming, 
Batman gradually backed towards the forest.  

"Ryoko, wait-," called Tenchi, from over near his grandfather's unconscious but 
still living form, before she cut him off.  "This'll be over in a second, don't 
worry handsome," she said.  Ryoko unleashed a plasma blast in the Batman's 
direction.  He made no overt attempt to dodge the blast.  Instead he brought up 
his cape to block their view as much as possible and twisted his body to the 
side as the blast passed within its darkness, while simultaneously jumping 
backwards into the forest and letting out a false cry of pain.  He came to a 
rest behind some shrubs.

"Ha, I got him!" exclaimed Ryoko proudly.  "I'm not so sure you did," added 
Kiyone.  "Oh ye of little faith," retorted Ryoko, "let me go drag the carcass 
out of the woods if that's what it'll take."  She hovered over to the woods and 
went to the first line of shrubbery.  "Wait, Ryoko!" exclaimed Tenchi, trying to 
catch up.  "Gee I guess I blasted him harder than I thought," said Ryoko, not 
finding Batman where she thought he had landed.  She drifted farther back into 
the woods, the others could just barely see her.  They could, however hear her 
cry of surprise as a hand reached out from behind a tree and grabbed her.  After 
a muffled sound of struggle, they heard nothing more.

"Ryoko!" called Tenchi, entering the forest.  Kiyone pulled him back.  "I think 
we should try and stick together, Tenchi, we can't let him surprise us."  He 
nodded and backed up next to her, holding his bokken at the ready as Kiyone 
readied her blaster.  "Mihoshi, are you coming or not!" she called to her 
partner.  "Well... okay," replied Mihoshi nervously, "but I'm scared."  Unknown 
to them, Batman had slipped up into the trees and was now above them.  "Say, 
Tenchi, do you smell something," said Kiyone, "its faint but it smells like some 
sort of gas."

Tenchi suddenly noticed the shadows of the trees seem to get larger, but even 
his reflexes were not fast enough.  Nor were Kiyone's.  Batman landed behind and 
between them, grabbed each of their heads, and brought them together with enough 
for to knock them out.  They both crumpled.  \\Two more down,// he thought while 
turning and drawing a batarang to disarm the other armed individual.  

Seeing the towering figure turn towards her, Mihoshi's eyes went wide with fear.  
She immediately dropped all courage she may have summed up, turned and ran away 
screaming.  Batman mentally shook his head at the sight, then reached for his 
tangle-line.

Meanwhile, Ayeka decided to help out, despite the fact that Tenchi had asked not 
to get involved unless things got serious.  She thought that they had indeed 
gotten serious enough for her to do something.  "Azaka, Kamidake," she said to 
the two guardians, "go contain our enemy."  The guardians began moving towards 
Batman, their capture force-field activating. 

Batman let the tangle line fly, aiming low.  He wished he could have wrapped the 
woman's arms, but she was waving them around, gun still in her hand, frantically 
as she ran.  The line wrapped around Mihoshi's legs several times, causing her 
to fall forward.  That was when things went downhill for the Dark Knight.

When Mihoshi fell, her blaster went off.  The shot was headed directly for 
Ayeka.  \\No!// thought Batman.  He started in her direction, drawing his 
grapnel to fire at her in an attempt to knock her away from the gun-blast.  The 
guardians, who had almost reached him, also began to move back towards the 
princess, though that knew they would not reach her in time.  

Batman stopped suddenly when he saw the shot bounce off what appeared to thin 
air just a moment before it would have hit Ayeka.  He saw a blue shimmer around 
the girl as the shot was reflected.  \\Some type of force field,// he thought, 
following the new path of the projectile.  It was now headed for the two 
guardians, who were just a few feet to the Batman's left and ahead of him.  He 
thought it was going to pass between them, but instead it again was reflected by 
thin air, right in Batman's direction.  The guardians hadn't yet dropped their 
own field.  \\No time,// he thought.  He managed to contort his body so that it 
would strike him in the shoulder, mentally preparing himself for the damage.

Instead of tearing a hole through his shoulder as he expected, Batman felt 
energy coursing through his body.  Unfortunately for the Batman, Mihoshi had set 
her blaster on heavy stun.  The energy that coursed through would have knocked 
out a rhinoceros.  He went down, first on one knee, then pitched over onto his 
back.  The last thing he saw before fading into unconsciousness was a strange 
red-haired girl looking down at him with her hand under her chin, as though she 
was pondering something.  Then everything went black.

"I wouldn't get too close, Washu-chan," warned Ayeka as she looked down at 
Batman's unconscious form, "we don't know what sort of being that is, it may be 
some sort of evil spirit of the forest."  Washu had arrived just as the battle 
was ending.  "That's odd, he seems to be a normal human being to me," replied 
Washu.  "How do you know that?" questioned the princess.  Washu pointed at the 
blood running down the corner of the Batman's mouth.  "Usually, evil spirits 
don't bleed like that."

Washu pulled her control panel out of subspace and typed in commands.  A high-
tech device resembling a gurney rolled out of a subspace portal nearby.  
Mechanical arms picked up the Batman's unconscious form and placed him on the 
device.  She tapped more buttons, and the "gurney" entered another subspace 
portal.  

"And just what are you going to do?" asked Ayeka.  "I'm just going to run a 
few... tests," said Washu, a sly grin appearing on her face as she stepped into 
her own portal.  Ayeka stood there for a moment, then she and the guardians went 
about checking on the others.  They freed Mihoshi from the tangle-line, and 
picked up the unconscious forms of Tenchi, Kiyone, and Katsuhito.  They found 
Ryoko lying unconscious behind a tree about ten yards into the forest, and 
brought them all inside the house.

________________________________________________________________________________
_________________

The Batman awoke in what appeared to be some sort of scientific laboratory, but 
he could not even begin to guess at what most of the equipment that he saw was.  
He was pinned vertically against some sort of slab of metal, with locks over his 
wrists and ankles.  The same red-haired girl was peering at him with interest.

"Who are you?" he asked, noticing that his mask was all the clothing she had 
left on him.  She laughed.  "What, you've never heard of the Great Washu, the 
Greatest Scientific Genius in the Universe!"  Two small dolls appeared, one over 
each of her shoulders, and affirmed her claims.  "Sorry, can't say I've heard of 
you," he replied seriously.  "Tough guy, huh," she said, "well we'll see how 
tough you are in a minute."  

She turned and walked over to a table.  On it was a large syringe.  "Yes, we'll 
see all right," she snickered, and filled the syringe with a strange green 
chemical.  She turned back to Batman.  "I promise this'll only sting a little, 
now for the chem-," she stopped.  There was no one on the examining block 
anymore.  She dropped the syringe.  Her eyes went wide and darted around 
nervously.  She quickly looked over at the table where she had put the Batman's 
suit and equipment.  They were gone as well.

Slowly, she started backing up.  \\I wish I didn't have so much stuff laying 
around in here//, she thought, \\too many places to hide//.  She was still 
stepping backwards, and about to pull out her control panel in order to make a 
security scan of the lab, when she bumped into something behind her.  It didn't 
feel like one of her machines that she had backed into. 

Slowly, Washu turned her head.  Behind her stood a dark form with two white 
slits like eyes near the top.  She yelped in surprise.  Batman leaned forward 
slightly.  "Now do you feel like answering my questions?" he said in a rasping 
tone.  "S-sure," she replied, then quickly regained her composure.  She hadn't 
expected any trouble from a mortal, despite the fact that he had caused her 
friends so much trouble.  She had no idea how he had escaped the bonds, but 
decided, for now, to use less forceful measures with their visitor.

"I'll answer your questions if it'll make you happy," she said, pointing at him 
and smiling.  From what she had already discovered about him, he was not a 
naturally hostile person.  "Alright," said Batman flatly, not smiling.  "By the 
way, that's a nice effect you're pulling off with the costume and everything, 
really spooky," said Washu.  "You don't seem scared," replied Batman.  Washu 
then said, "hey, when you've been around for twenty thousand years you don't 
scare as easily."  

"Twenty thousand-," began Batman, before stopping himself.  "Never mind," he 
continued, "you already told me who you are, how about telling me where this 
is?" he said, looking around at the large room.  He didn't think that a room 
this large could fit into the house he had seen earlier, unless they were 
underground.

Washu proceeded to inform the Batman about her lab.  He seemed interested, but 
not at all surprised.  "So this lab is in another dimension, but connected to 
the house," he said curiously.  "Yep," she replied, "but you don't seem very 
impressed."  

"I've... had experience with other dimensions before, in fact I believe I am in 
a different dimension, or plane of existence, and I don't just mean your 
laboratory, than the one I am 
supposed to be in," he said.  "Hmmm," said Washu, "you seem pretty smart for a 
guy who dresses up like some kind of bat."  

"Even so, I probably could not guess at what half of the equipment you have here 
does," he said, indicating the many different machines, consoles, and other 
miscellaneous items in the lab.  "Flattery will get you nowhere," she said, 
smirking.  "Fine, but do you think that perhaps you could use one your devices 
to transport me back to my home dimension?" asked Batman.  "I have a city, and a 
world, to protect," he stated seriously.  "My, such honor and duty," replied 
Washu, "I'll see what I can do... but, it will take time to find your 
dimension's distinct signature, Batman."  

"How did you-," he began, but then decided how she might have found out his 
name.  "Yeah, I scanned your brainwaves alright," said Washu, "I know all about 
you, and how you got here."  She chuckled.  Batman looked slightly perturbed, 
but regained his composure.  "You went through a dimensional portal, but I got 
the feeling it might have been a trap," she continued.  "That's what I was 
thinking, I was on the trail of... an enemy when I was transported here."

"Right, odd name that guy has, sounded like an older Earth dialect," said Washu.  
"That's not important," replied Batman. "Hmph," she said, "but anyway, you ended 
up somewhere near here when you came through, and tracked some strange energy 
signatures to my friend's house.  Your equipment's pretty nice for native Earth 
technology."  Batman raised an eyebrow.  She continued, "I guess you know, now, 
what the source of those signatures was; some of my... associates have a hard 
time not using their, as you would call it, `superhuman' powers."

"I see," said Batman.  "However, you do know how important it is that I get back 
to my dimension," said Batman, "there's no telling what the individual I was 
after will attempt to do in my absence.  By the way, how much time passed while 
I was out?"    

"Just a couple of hours, its about eleven o'clock Earth time," she replied, "and 
I'll get working on getting you home, but I do have other projects I'm working 
on."  Batman gave her a look.  "Just kidding, sheesh, you are a real hardcase," 
she said.  "In the meantime, why don't I introduce you to everybody."  

"Everybody?" said Batman.  "Yeah, you know, the people you roughed up earlier," 
answered Washu.  "You might say that we're a. family of sorts, try not to 
laugh," she continued.  "That's not really necessary..." said Batman.  "Huh, 
that's right, you're kind of antisocial aren't you?"

"Well that's too bad," she continued, "because I already sent a telepathic 
message to one of them to bring everybody down here to meet you."  \\Great//, 
thought Batman, sarcastically.

As if on cue, a door opened at one end of the room where there did not even 
really appear to be a wall, and all the people Batman had encountered earlier, 
as well as a couple more, walked in.  "Hey everybody, I'd like you to meet the 
legendary Batman," said Washu.  Batman glanced at her, then looked back at the 
group.  "I believe you've already sort of  met most of them, Bru-, whoops I 
guess you don't want me to broadcast that do you?"  

"No, if you don't mind," said Batman, now knowing what he had suspected - that 
Washu had discovered who he was behind the mask.  Or was it the other way 
around?  "Okay," said Washu, "as I was saying, I think there was a slight 
misunderstanding among both parties.  I've checked him out, heh-heh, and he's 
not hostile people.  In fact, he's a bonafide hero/crimefighter/vigilante, 
albeit from another dimension."

"Another dimension?!" said the blonde-haired woman that had inadvertently put 
Batman down earlier.  "Yes, dim-bulb, I said another dimension," replied Washu, 
then to Batman, "just try to ignore her as best you can."  She continued on, "he 
used a device to track energy signatures that led him to us."  She looked at two 
people, the young woman with whom Batman had battled earlier and the purple-
haired girl who had used a force field, in particular.  "I wonder who could have 
been emitting those signatures," she said sarcastically.  They both looked 
slightly embarrassed.  
"Look, er - Batman," said the young man at the front of the group, "we're sorry 
we attacked you.  We didn't know who, or what, you were.  By the way, my name's 
Tenchi Masaki, let me introduce everyone to you."  First he moved to the older 
man Batman had fought in the forest.  "This is my grandfather, Katsuhito 
Masaki."  Katsuhito spoke up, "I should apologize as well, I did in a way 
initiate the whole thing."  Batman replied, "I understand you were merely 
concerned for your family, and I don't blame you for your actions.  I admit that 
I was a bit. frustrated as a result of being unwillingly placed here.  I should 
have attempted to explain myself first.  You recovered well?"  Apologies were 
not an easy thing for Batman.  "Yes," said Katsuhito, "by the way, what fighting 
style was that you were using?  I can't say I've ever seen it before."

Tenchi interrupted, "c'mon grandpa, you can have this discussion later, I've got 
to introduce everyone else."  Katsuhito stepped back, "fine, Tenchi."  Tenchi 
next moved to the young girl with cyan-colored hair whom Batman had fought with.  
She appeared to be attempting to stare a hole in Batman, he returned the favor.  
Tenchi saw this and began nervously, "this is the former space-pirate Ryoko, I, 
uh, guess you two already... never mind," he stopped abruptly and decided to 
move on to the next person.       

He motioned towards the young woman with the teal-colored hair who Batman had 
taken for some sort of security personnel.  "This is Kiyone, a detective with 
the Galaxy Police," said Tenchi.  "Galaxy Police?" Batman said.  "That's right," 
said Kiyone, "so, are vigilantes legal in your dimension, because they aren't in 
this one."  Batman's eyes narrowed at her.  "Ah heh, Kiyone's just joking... 
right?" said Tenchi, looking at the GP detective.  "They aren't legal," said 
Batman suddenly, "but I do work fairly closely with the police of my dimension."  
Kiyone merely said, "hmph."  

Tenchi went next to the "dim-bulb", whose profession Batman had made the same 
guess at.  "This is Mihoshi, also a Galaxy Police detective," said Tenchi.  
Mihoshi giggled and waved happily.  Batman wondered briefly what kind of 
standards this "Galaxy Police" had for its detectives.  "Hi," said Mihoshi, 
"sorry about shooting you."  Batman grunted, and thought, \\lucky shot, or was 
it?//  

Next Tenchi went to the girl with the purple hair, who was standing with a small 
blue-haired girl by her leg, and the two wooden robots just behind her.  "This 
is Ayeka, she's a princess from the planet Jurai, the most powerful planet in 
the universe," said Tenchi.  She nodded towards Batman and smiled.  

"And this here is her little sister Sasami, also a princess," he said, getting 
down on one knee next to the girl, who had a furry creature seated on her head 
that looked like a species of cat which Batman had never seen before.  Sasami 
was almost hiding behind her sister's leg.  "Come on, now, Sasami, don't be 
scared," said Tenchi.  "Pleased to make your acquaintance," Batman said, almost 
(but not quite of course) smiling.  Sasami relaxed a little and smiled herself.  
"Me too," she said gladly.  Tenchi pointed to the creature on her head, "and 
this is Ryo-Ohki the cabbit." The animal made a sound like a meow and its large 
ears popped up briefly.  "One of your projects," Batman said to Washu.  "You got 
it, a true masterpiece is that Ryo-Ohki" she replied. Ryo-Ohki meowed again at 
the sound of her name.

Tenchi was now indicating the robots.  "This is Azaka," he said, pointing to the 
one with the blue markings, "and Kamidake," indicating the other which had red 
markings.  "They are the princess' personal guardians."  The two guardians 
dipped forward slightly as though bowing.

"And last but definitely not least is my dad, Noboyuki Masaki," said Tenchi, 
indicating a middle-aged man with spectacles.  "You're welcome to stay here for 
now if you like, we already have lots of houseguests anyway," said Noboyuki.  
"Thank you for the offer, but I'll be heading back to my own world as soon as 
possible," replied Batman, "I believe that the individual responsible for 
sending me here is planning something."

"Is it a super-villain?" asked Mihoshi.  "More of a terrorist, actually," said 
Batman, slightly curious as to why she had asked such a question.  "Well I just 
thought it might be a super-villain," Mihoshi began rambling, oblivious to the 
fact that everyone was staring at her, "because you look like a superhero like 
from a comic book or something and that's who they usually-," she was 
interrupted by Kiyone.  "Will you be quiet!" she yelled.  "Sorry," said Mihoshi 
sheepishly.  

"I would like to apologize to anyone I may have frightened or harmed," Batman 
spoke up, "as I said, I was not thinking as clearly as normal.  I was, and still 
am for the large part, highly concerned about what could be going on in my world 
while I am in this one.  There are other... `superheroes' in my world, but I 
can't be certain that they will be able to stop the individual I was after, 
whose plots normally involve eradicating the majority of human life on Earth in 
order to fulfill his own vision of how the world should be." 

Several pairs of eyes widened at that.  Batman turned to Washu, "I don't mean to 
rush you, miss, but the sooner I can get back the better."  She looked up at 
him.  "Alright, I think I can locate your dimension based on the brainwave scans 
I made.  It should take no more than two hours.  And I like to be called `Little 
Washu' if you don't mind."  Several of the others groaned.

"Thank you, Little Washu," said Batman sincerely, "is there any way that I can 
help you?"  She thought for a second, then said, "no, you can just wait around 
until then."  Tenchi spoke up, "hey, why don't you come see our house, its 
pretty neat.  My dad designed it."  Noboyuki looked proud.  "Fine," said Batman.  
\\Only an hour, I can think about how I'm going to catch up with Society of 
Shadows while I wait//, he thought.  

The group began to move towards the door through which they had entered.  Batman 
began to follow, when Washu called out to him.  "Hey, watch yourself in there.  
Remember those energy signatures you followed," she said.  Batman looked towards 
Washu, but she was already getting to work.  He shrugged, and continued on.


Coming up in Part Three:

In the next Part, we'll find out that things don't go quite as planned, as a 
certain bounty hunter attacks and a certain klutz sets back Washu's progress at 
getting Batman back to his world.  But, what if he doesn't have to?  Was his 
ending up in Tenchi's world an attempt to get rid of him so the villain (can you 
guess who, I dropped a few hints but non-Bat fans probably won't know) he was 
tracking can enact an evil plan in his absence, or is a larger plot unfolding?  
Wow.  I originally was thinking that this whole thing would wrap up in three 
parts, but I'm looking at a possible five or six-parter on my hands now as the 
story just keeps getting bigger in my mind.  The "version" of Batman being used 
here is the animated one.  Fans of the Batman comic might know that they 
"wussified" him a bit in the cartoon, but not as much as they did Superman at 
least.  It probably would not have made too big of a difference anyway.  Since 
Tenchi Universe (unlike Batman) seems to have a somewhat definite chronological 
continuity, this story would be taking place somewhere between episodes 13 and 
14 (assuming much time passed between them at all).  
  
Again, send comments and praise/hate mail to mcw2879@students.ssu.edu.   
