Tenchi Continuity Note:  Takes place many years after Manatsu no Eve
(OVA).

Outlanders Continuity Note:  Takes place in manga continuity, some years
after the war. (from the 5th Dark Horse compilation release)

     "Tetsuya..."
     He stared into the darkness, listening to the calm voice.  Eddies
of color flowed around him, carressing him, making him feel alive.   
     "Tetsuya..."
     He looked upward, at least relative to his body, and saw a small
pinpoint of light begin to grow in the distance.  The luminesence flew
toward him and engulfed him entirely.
     "Tetsuya!"
     He opened his eyes, and looked right into bright green ones.  He
blinked a few times, trying to figure out what was going on.  "Kahm?" he
asked confused.
     She backed away from him and smiled.  "It's about time you woke up,
lazy.  I was about to use the sword."
     Tetsuya grinned and tackled the princess.  "Wasn't last night
enough?"
     Kahm laughed and hugged him.  "It's never enough when it's you..."
She planted kisses all over his face to accentuate her point.
     "Aha, I see the two lovers are finally awake!"
     Kahm looked over at the small green... thing that had just shuffled
into the room.  "Nao!  Do you have some breakfast?  Or are you just here
to be a nuisance, like usual?"
     Nao smiled, "Neither... Battia is here to see you."
     Tetsuya groaned as Kahm leapt out of bed, stark naked and ran out
of the room.  Then he shook his head and looked down, "Nao, you sure
there's no breakfast?"

_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_

     "Battia!" Kahm cried as she ran into the conference room.  She
jumped across the table and hugged the half cat woman strongly.
     "Kahm," Battia choked, "nice to see you too... um... why are you
naked?"
     Kahm blinked, then looked down.  She blushed, then stuck out her
tongue.  "Oh, you know... Tetsuya...."
     Battia put up a hand.  "That's all I need to hear thank you."
     "I see you're in rare form, Princess!" Geobaldi commented with an
extraordinarily toothy grin.
     Kahm grinned, "And I see you're your usual self, General."  
     Tetsuya walked in and tossed the princess a normal metallic bikini,
though it did little to hide her assets.  "Stop staring at her like
that, Geobaldi... or am I going to have to show you what for again?"
     The giant wolf laughed mightily.  "That was a lucky swing last
time, pint size!  Next time I won't be so drunk!"
     Battia chuckled, "Right... that'll be the day."
     Geobaldi snorted, "Bah, what's another scar on this body?  Just
makes me look more manly than I already am."
     Tetsuya spoke up, "What brings you two here?  This social, or
buisiness?"  
     "Isn't it always a little of both?" the burly General replied.
"Well... it seems we've got a problem on another front."
     "Another front?"
     He nodded, "Yup... you see... for many generations the Santovasku
have been fighting an enemy that just won't be brought down."
     Kahm blinked, "What enemy?  I've never heard of them."
     "You wouldn't have... they are a secret.  If the home world knew of
this battle beyond the highest ranks, anarchy would explode.  No one is
supposed to be able to hold against the Empire, and they've managed for
over a thousand years."
     The princess grew slightly red.  "I'm the crown princess... er... I
*was* the crown princess!  Why wasn't I told?"
     Battia looked at the floor, "Eh.. well, the Emperor was afraid
you'd run to the enemy, and he'd never get you back."
     Geobaldi guffawed, "Ha!  And you still managed to do it!"
     Tetsuya couldn't help but laugh at that irony himself.  "So, what's
the name of this mighty fighting force?"
     "They call themselves the Jurai."

PM Productions Presents
A Phillip Masters Fanfic
The Living Universe
Prologue

     "Lord Tenchi!"
     "What is it, Erhin?"
     The head of the Jurai Imperial Navy bowed slightly and continued,
"The Santovasku have pressed to the vicinity of the Sacred World."
     Tenchi stood suddenly, sweeping his cloak around his body.
"They're approaching Earth again?"  He pointed toward the door.  "Go!
Tell the fleet to be prepared!"
     As Erhin ran out of the room with all haste, Tenchi turned to the
giant tree behind his throne.  He looked up at its intericate branches
and sparkling leaves.  They seemed to dance carefully, though no wind
was present.  "Tsunami... help us..."
END PROLOGUE
Well... I had just gotten done reading the Outlanders manga (what I have
of it), and I just had to write a fic!  Had to!  Anyway, it started as a
normal fic... but I hit a plot wall (sort of like a brick one, but it
just hits your brain).  So, on a whim I threw Tenchi Muyo into the mix.
Hope someone appreciates this or it could quickly dissapear.  Will I go
back and explain some pasts... most likely.  Will it ever be a focus?
Who knows.  Comments extraordinarily appreciated.

"I'm only holding back the rain.  So many raindrops, so many pains.  I
want to find my train someday.  As seasons go past the station." - Tokyo
Babylon OVA 1
/ E-mail at:  PhilMasters@webtv.net /
Web page pending use of a computer!
"...has anyone ever used something alive for a coat of arms?" - The
Sailor Who Fell From Grace With The Sea (Mishima Yukio, 1965) / 
"You see, what you call a cat, we use as armor." - Londs (El-Hazard,
1994)