From: Keener Barnes <rpattill@ix.netcom.com>

Konichiwa, this is my first post to the R.A.A.C. Please, be gentle. C&C
donations are graciously accepted and lorded over those who didn't get
any ;)

Thanks to Rumiko Takahashi and Hiromi Hasegawa and Kiyoshi
        Okuma for creating these characters...Please don't sue
       
                Lonely Hearts and Furry Faces

        Most cats hated cold water. Shampoo simply LOATHED it. Her delivery
bike, along with the ramen it contained, had fallen to the side of the
road. The sudden rain storm, and the change it brought over her, left
her with no choice but to abandon it.

        At least the Masaki Residence, the ramen's intended destination, was
close by. Perhaps she could wait out the rain in there. She might even
find some hot water. Setting off for the large house in the distance,
she quietly cursed her luck.

        Shampoo crept quietly along the grounds of the Masaki home, carefully
leaped over the back gate and approached one of the back windows. Maybe
the bad luck spirits had found other playmates. Maybe this window just
happened lead to a bathroom. Maybe Ranma was on the other side waiting
for her with a bouquet of roses. She sighed miserably and prepared for
the leap.

        Suddenly, she was no longer alone. A quiet sound in her sensitive ears
announced the newcomer.

        Ryo-ohki studied the cat with a little interest, but mostly with
apprehension. Real, biological cats always responded to her with fear;
sometimes even outright revulsion. To a real cat, her scent just seemed
wrong. She was something unnatural and they responded accordingly. Her
humanoid companions treated her as a pet or maybe a warship. Kindly, but
still not as a real friend. Sadly, Ryo-ohki prepared herself for more
rejection. She was trapped between two worlds. Neither could really ever
understand how she felt.

        Shampoo was fascinated. Never had she seen such a breed of feline
before. It seemed to have been bred for simple kawaii's sake.  Its large
eyes, huge ears, and the strange crystal on it's forehead seemed to all
be calculated for optimum cuteness. The young woman had a sudden urge to
cradle the thing close to her. 

        The random thought shocked her. She was an Amazon after all. While that
sort of thing was fine for other girls (and for seducing future
husbands) it had no place in the mind of a warrior.   When she looked
back at the strange pet, her own face filled with Amazon dignity and
disdain. 

        The cabbit's face, on the other hand, fell. Turning its head to the
ground, it began to emit a low moaning sound. Astonished, Shampoo
features softened as she listened to the creature. Was this cat crying?
Her warrior's heart melted.

        Purring softly, Shampoo nuzzled Ryo-ohki's head, causing the cabbit to
sniffle back a tear. This cat showed no intentions of  hissing or trying
to run away. Maybe, just maybe, it would even play with her! With a
sudden movement, the cabbit twisted away from the pink cat and faced
her, meowing a challenge.

        Shampoo blinked. Did that cat just *say* meow? It couldn't be, she
chided herself, she must of imagined it. 

        Intending to pounce on her new playmate, Shampoo leapt. Well, she was
going to pounce on her, but the cabbit was not where she had been. The
Amazon looked about curiously. She had not noticed the shape, half
phased into the ground, behind her. With a triumphant howl, Ryo-ohki
launched herself from her hiding place. Only sheer speed and an
incredible combat sense allowed the pink kitten to jump up just in time.
Her follow through, however, was less then spectacular. The two collided
and tumbled into a heap.

        Shampoo laughed silently. She helped the cabbit up by gentle pushing
with her head underneath Ryo-ohki's belly. She wished she could go on
playing, but the rain had frozen her to the bone and she really needed
that hot water. Smiling as best she could, she leapt away from the
cabbit and up to the window sill. The gods hadn't abandoned her yet; it
was a bathroom!

        Ryo-ohki watched her new friend with curiosity. She levitated up to the
window and looked down at Shampoo, who was already exploring the
bathroom. Her playmate seemed to be looking for something. As she
watched, the pink cat leapt into the tub. A look of concern crossed her
face as she stared hard at the faucet.

        Shampoo no baka, thought Shampoo, slightly surprised at the use of the
Japanese words. Just how often had she heard those words screamed by her
perverted tomboy rival? She brought her mind back to the task at hand.
Just how was she going to turn the faucets as a cat?

        Ryo-ohki studied her carefully, then turned to the faucets. Suddenly
understanding, she closed her eyes. A light emerged from her head gem,
and the faucet's began turning on their own. Water poured in the tub and
Shampoo looked up at her in thanks and confusion. When the cabbit opened
her eyes she saw that her new friend had began to change!

        Shampoo, now human again, turned the knob, cutting the water off.
Smiling, she turned to her strange friend. The cabbit's eyes seemed to
glisten like jewels.  The young woman wondered if her change had upset
the poor thing. Then, a female form leaped on top of her, smashing into
her in a bonecrushing embrace. Looking down the Amazon saw she was being
hugged by a small child.

        Ryo-ohkie had seemed to have had disappear. 

        Or perhaps not, Shampoo thought as the girl purred contentedly in her
arms. She looked down and saw the fur clinging to the young girls face
and the wild mane barely covering her enormous ears. It was the gem set
in it's forehead that confirmed her suspicions. 

        Ryo-ohki looked up at the young woman, her new-found companion and
friend. Then she Remembered a phrase she had heard Ryoko use. Something
she only used whenever her counterpart thought back to  the long
solitude in the cave.  

        "I-I was so lonely!" Burying her head into Shampoo, the cat-girl began
to cry.

        Shampoo, still not sure exactly what was going on, looked down at the
young girl. Softly and tenderly, she began to rock her back and forth.
"Shampoo knowing, was lonely too."
 
The End

(Opinions are like Dimesional Mallets, everybodies got one, their just)
(rarely lethal until someone gets Glomped!!!)  
      /  
 Oo
(~, )
 V
