Lonely Hearts Muyo

Act 1:  Arrival

Prologue:  No Need for Violent Wars & Rude Awakenings!

Hisakatakami, the lone moon of Planet Kovensei. At one point in the history of 
the Kovensei-Jin, this 
luminous spherical mass in the night sky was like their Sky God. During times of 
harvest, they would look to 
the full moon and bow to it, leaving large shares of their crops for their god. 
However, on this night, their 
moon-god had betrayed them, bringing great devils to decimate their cities. For 
this, they rebelled against 
their god. For this, they had to kill their moon-god.

Kovensei's nights were known across the galaxy for being among the darkest in 
existence. However, 
this one solitary night shone bright as day, as pieces of Hisakatakami rained 
down onto the burning 
landscape. The Kovensei-Jin's capital city, Korudoren, was completing the 
daylight illusion by falling into a 
tempest of fire. The courthouse, chieftain's hall, and even the observatory 
where the missile was fired to 
destroy Hisakatakami; they were all awash in fire, if not already burnt to the 
ground. Amidst the hellstorm, 
the Kovensei-Jin fought with their lives; fighting back the invading demons who 
had done this. Fighting 
back against the infamous nomads of the galaxy, the Saiya-Jin.

Surprisingly, the Kovensei-Jin were firmly in control of the battle, despite the 
imminent death of their 
city. Unlike most of the victims of Saiya-Jin invasions, the Kovensei-Jin had 
managed to find what gave the 
Saiya-Jin their power -- the light of the full moon. Using their only means 
possible, a Hawk's Eye Missile, 
they had done the unthinkable and destroyed the holy image of Hisakatakami. 
Without the moon, the Saiya-
Jin could not use their horrid powers of transformation, and were now mere 
soldiers battling against the 
amazingly powerful artillery of the people of Planet Kovensei. Of the four teams 
of Saiya-Jin, only seven of 
the twenty soldiers remained...

--------

//Gotta get away! Gotta get away! No way out! Gonna die! Gonna die! Gonna Die! 
GONNA DIE!!!\\, 
the thoughts of a young Saiya-Jin soldier raced. The last survivor of his team, 
he had gotten separated from 
the rest of the troops when Hisakatakami had been detonated. Now, fatigued and 
bleeding, he ducked and 
weaved in and out between the rubble of Korudoren, dodging enemy fire as he 
fled. The rifles utilized by the 
Kovensei-Jin were surprisingly strong, and were actually capable of piercing 
Saiya-Jin armor. This in mind, 
the soldier was forced to keep on his toes.

As the soldier stepped out into the open for a brief second, it became clear 
just how torn up he was. 
The black and olive-green armor that protected his upper body was cracked and 
broken up on one shoulder, 
and the plates covering the sides of his legs were completely destroyed. The 
tight-fitting black pants that 
were standard-issue for a low-level soldier like himself were torn up to the 
knee on the right leg. The deep 
brown fur of his simian tail was singed at the end. The tail itself was much too 
sore in the middle to wrap 
around the waist for security (as many soldiers often did in battle) without 
causing excruciating pain. The 
hair of the Saiya-Jin, usually spiked out in several directions, was now nothing 
more than a dark brown mass 
matted to his scalp with sweat and drying blood. His face was a mess, a severe 
cut above left cheek gushing 
with blood and the rest a smear of dirt and ash. As the young soldier strained 
to see through the thick 
choking smoke of the burning city, his reddened eyes became dry, blurring his 
vision. Standing out in the 
open, one more thing became clear about this Saiya-Jin soldier...

...he was only a boy of no more than eighteen years old...

//Kuso! Where could the others have gone off to!?\\, thought the nameless 
soldier as he frantically 
looked around for someone he recognized. The scouter clipped over his left ear 
suddenly beeped to life, 
interrupting his thoughts. Looking in the direction of the arrow on the lens of 
the device, the soldier noticed a 
pair of Kovensei-Jin who were attempting to sneak behind him. Rifles raised, 
they fired two quick bursts of 
energy that scorched the air behind them. Thanks to the scouter, the young 
Saiya-Jin was able to duck the 
blasts in time and seek quick cover behind a smoldering pillar of what used to 
be a massive bank. As he 
caught his breath, two more blasts exploded against the thick stone of the 
pillar, deafening the soldier with 
the high-pitched whine of the hits.

//Bakayaro!\\ shrieked the Saiya-Jin in his mind as he raised his right fist to 
chest level. Clenching the 
fist until the fingernails gouged the skin, forcing blood to squirt from the 
palm, he focused his ki energy into his 
hand. Fist glowing, he waited for an opening in the gunfire, then dived out and 
rolled behind the moderately 
high wall of flames to his left. As the Kovensei soldiers raised their guns to 
fire again, the Saiya-Jin pulled 
his fist back and thrust it forward, opening his palm in a bright flash of 
light. The flash lit up the dim, firelit 
rubble as it burst towards both Kovensei-Jin. The pair of soldiers screamed, 
then disappeared behind the rush 
of ki, torn apart in a violent explosion that caused the ground around the blast 
to jolt. The Saiya-Jin then 
began to allow his thoughts to race again as he took off through the thick fog 
of smoke.

//Not gonna last long here! Gotta find a way out! Must get back to the pod! But 
where is it!? KUSO!!!\\ 
cursed the young Saiya-Jin to himself as he now stumbled through the thick 
smoke, gasping and coughing as 
he went. In his single-minded determination to escape, the Saiya-Jin soldier 
didn't notice his scouter telling 
him that there were two more Kovensei-Jin who had already spotted him. Had it 
not been for a rifle blast that 
clipped his ear in a small spray of cartilage and blood, the soldier might not 
have seen them at all. Still 
running, the nameless boy turned and lit the sky with two small bursts of ki 
that hit near the riflemen who 
fired at him. The two soldiers paused their assault only a moment before more 
gunfire rained down on the 
Saiya-Jin yet again. In the thick black clouds, the soldier knew he couldn't aim 
well enough to take out his 
two snipers, and leapt behind the fallen foundation of an apartment complex for 
safety. Unfortunately, he 
hadn't noticed that the complex was built right next to a steep hillside, and 
found himself tumbling 
uncontrollably down the steep, jagged hill.

The nameless soldier fell, tumbling over and over on the sharp rocks of the 
hillside. He could feel his 
body bruise and his flesh tear on the jagged stones. Screaming was all he could 
do as he fell limply 
for what seemed like ages. Finally, the soldier's back slammed hard against a 
large, flat rock at the bottom, 
next to a small stream.

The young soldier winced in pain as he staggered to his feet.  Standing in the 
ankle-deep water, he 
looked slowly up the steep hillside to the ruins of Korudoren. Exhausted, yet 
relieved, the soldier cracked a 
wry smile, suddenly realizing that his nightmare was over. He had reached the 
edge of Korudoren and was 
now free of the snipers, the gunfire, and the tempest of flames that had now 
ravished the city and its pathetic 
people. Feeling the cool water against a light cut in his lower shin, the 
soldier realized how thirsty he had 
become after his dash through the smoke. Kneeling down, he dove his dirty, 
bloody hands into the water and 
brought small handfuls of the liquid up to his face. After several greedy 
handfuls of water however, he 
suddenly began to notice how...salty...the water was. Looking down, he noticed a 
red tint to the water that he 
had originally passed off as an illusion cast by the fire behind him. Taking a 
look upstream, he noticed an 
image that both shocked and horrified him. Only about ten feet away was the body 
of a fellow Saiya-Jin 
soldier.

"Oi!" called out the nameless Saiya-Jin as he staggered over to his fallen 
comrade. Not hearing an 
answer, he called again.

"Oi! Can you hear me?" Still no answer. As the young soldier walked up next to 
the fallen Saiya-Jin, 
he realized the horrible truth. This soldier was dead, shot through the neck by 
a Kovensei rifle. The dead 
soldier was not one of the young boy's team, though, as he failed to recognized 
the now-still face. But the 
sight of a fellow Saiya-Jin dead was still frightening. In horror, the soldier 
stumbled backwards, suddenly 
feeling that sense of security vanish. His scouter beeped a warning almost 
simultaneously with a bright flash 
and ear-splitting shriek emitted behind him.

As soon as the Saiya-Jin turned, he saw a bright flash and felt a raw, searing 
pain digging _through_ 
his right shoulder. The young Saiya-Jin let out an agonizing scream of torment 
as he flew back and tumbled 
to the ground, blood spraying through the gaping wound that was just above his 
ribcage. Clutching at his 
shoulder with his left arm and feeling the blood drain from the gaping wound, he 
staggered to his feet and 
looked up to see one of the most frightening images he could imagine. The weapon 
that had killed more 
Saiya-Jin in this botched attack than any other: the dreaded tripod beam cannons 
that were the specialty of 
the Kovensei-Jin...and this one was pointed straight _at_ him. Hearing laughter 
to his left, the soldier looked 
over to see another Kovensei-Jin standing about ten meters away with a rifle 
aimed right at his head.

No sooner did the Saiya-Jin try to run did the Kovensei-Jin pull the trigger. 
Though the bolt didn't hit his 
head, it tore through the soldier's left knee, scattering cartilage and blood 
all over the pale brown grass. The 
soldier stumbled and collapsed to the ground in a heap, reaching now for his 
knee with his one good arm.

"Sinful being. Your time has come to die," gloated the Kovensei soldier as he 
raised his rifle to finish 
off his adversary.

//Bakayaro bakayaro bakayaro bakayaro...\\

"Bakayaro!" shouted the Saiya-Jin as he managed to block out the pain in what 
was left of his right 
shoulder long enough to bring up his arm and fire a sizeable blast of ki 
straight into the torso of his enemy. 
The Kovensei-Jin screamed, wrenched in midair from the force of the blast, and 
fell to the ground, his bluish 
blood gushing from where his torso had been cleanly impaled. The Saiya-Jin then 
turned his attention to the 
beam cannon, focusing whatever ki he had left into his left hand and releasing a 
small, sputtering beam 
that hit directly down the barrel of the cannon. While the cannon wasn't 
destroyed, the barrel was fried and 
the beam had come through the other end, killing the Kovensei-Jin operating it. 
With both of his assailants 
dead, the Saiya-Jin simply lay there, gasping for breath.

After what felt like an eternity, the soldier slowly tried to stagger to his 
feet. As he stood, he noticed a 
pain in his left leg, but did his best to ignore it. However, after only two 
steps, he dropped again to the 
ground with a sickening thud. Laying there on the ground, the soldier could feel 
his blood rush from the two 
wounds in his shoulder and knee. Not only did it stain the grass, but he could 
feel a puddle well up all around 
his body; he could feel the deep red fluid pressing against his face as he lay 
splayed on the ground. Helpless, 
the Saiya-Jin could do nothing more than lay there and listen to the hell that 
had seemingly moved from the 
city to where he had collapsed. By the beeping and the random flashes on the 
cracked lens of his scouter, the 
soldier could tell that the battle raged on, with at least two more Saiya-Jin 
remaining. But he knew it was 
a struggle in vain, as all around him, he could hear enemy gunfire.

A sudden fearful realization overtook the soldier. //I cannot defend myself. If 
they find me, I'm 
certainly dead!\\, he began to think. The more he listened, the more he began to 
panic. //I'm going to die for 
certain! This is not how I wanted to die! I didn't want to die like another 
nameless soldier! This was not the 
fate I wanted! I DIDN'T WANT TO DIE IN A WAR!!!\\

The fear became too much. Still lying in his own blood, the soldier threw his 
head back and 
screamed. It was a chillingly terrifying scream. A scream that was savagely 
earsplitting and panicked. It 
echoed. It echoed on through the valleys, and seemingly...through space 
itself...

--------

Kiyone Makibi awoke to a loud, startling sound. Jolting awake, she laid there 
for a second, trying to 
find the source of the noise. Looking over on the table next to the chair that 
she had draped her GP uniform 
on, she heard the persistent beeping of her GP-issue watch. By the fast rate at 
which it was beeping, Kiyone could 
instantly perceive that the incoming call was important. Outside the small 
studio apartment she shared with 
Mihoshi, the sky was still dark, and at least three hours away from daylight; 
adding to Kiyone's frustration, 
as she hated having to wake up so early. Sighing, she sat up and, reaching over 
to the futon next to her, 
nudged Mihoshi sternly to wake her.

"Mihoshi? Mihoshi, wake up, we're getting an urgent call," Kiyone groggily 
urged. Mihoshi snored 
sharply in response and rolled over, oblivious to Kiyone's nudging. Kiyone stood 
up slowly, stretching as she 
got to her feet. As she stretched, the long nightshirt that draped loosely over 
her body did little to compliment 
her slim figure. Yawning, Kiyone began thinking about exactly what had woken 
her.

//That noise. That sound that woke me up. Couldn't have been my watch, the 
blasted thing's too quiet. 
It sounded much more primal...almost like...a scream.\\

Yawning again, Kiyone drifted slowly over to the table where her watch rested 
and scooped it up in her 
hand. Pressing a button on the side of the watch, a small holographic message 
was displayed with the time 
and source of the call. When Kiyone read the source, she gasped.

"Mihoshi! Get up quickly! We're getting an urgent call all the way from Megami!" 
Kiyone shrieked. 
Startled by her partner's shouting, Mihoshi suddenly sat up awake.

"Megami? Isn't that your homeworld, Kiyone?" Mihoshi asked drowsily, rubbing her 
eyes.

"Yes, now will you hurry up!?" Kiyone shouted again, already getting dressed as 
she barked out 
commands to Mihoshi. As she hurriedly got into her Galaxy Police uniform, 
thoughts began to surge rapidly 
through her head.

//What could it be!? What could be so important as to summon us all the way to 
Megami!?\\





Tenchi Muyo! c Anime International Company (AIC). Licensed by Pioneer Animation, 
Inc. & Viz 
Communications. All Rights Reserved, or as otherwise directed by them. Created 
by Hayashi Hiroki & 
Kajishima Masaki.

Dragon Ball Z c Bird Studio/Shueisha, Toei Animation. Licensed by FUNimation 
Productions, Inc. All 
Rights Reserved, or as otherwise directed by FUNimation. Created by Akira 
Toriyama.

This fanfic is not meant to infringe on any copyrights, it is simply here as a 
fan's tribute to the Tenchi Muyo! 
and Dragon Ball series.
