
Chapter 2: No Need for Family Tragedies!


"Hello. Hello? Is anybody home? Tenchi? Ryoko? Dad?" Nobuyuki's calls fell on 
deaf ears. For the past ten minutes, he'd been knocking on the door, trying to 
get anyone's attention. He had left home in a rush and forgot his keys, and 
essentially he was now locked outside. He could hear a commotion inside, but 
this was ridiculous; he was now literally screaming and banging on the door with 
his fist.

"Tenchi! Aeka! Sasami! Somebody open the door! I can't get in!"

Finally Nobuyuki saw the doorknob turn. As the door cracked open slowly, the 
true volume of the argument inside hit Mr. Masaki. Then Nobuyuki saw a long, 
thin, sky-blue pigtail appear in the doorway, then a kawaii little face, 
followed by another lengthy little pigtail as Sasami slowly peeked her head out 
to welcome Nobuyuki home.

"Hi Nobuyuki-san," Sasami chimed in looking up at Tenchi's father. From the 
expression on her face, Nobuyuki could tell something was wrong...as if the loud 
voices coming from the living room weren't enough evidence.

Nobuyuki kneeled down to face Sasami at eye level, "What's wrong, Sasami? Are 
Ryoko and your sister getting into it again?"

"Well, yes. But now they've got Tenchi involved in it," Sasami said sullenly as 
she stepped outside to hear Nobuyuki better.

"Um, now might not be the best time to come in through the front door. If _those 
two_ are screaming at _Tenchi_, who knows what they're capable of right now." 
Curious, Nobuyuki stood up and peered into the living room through the crack in 
the door. He saw Aeka and Ryoko on opposite sides of Tenchi, both yelling at him 
while he desperately tried to get a word in inchwise, but Nobuyuki couldn't see 
anyone else.

"Where are Washyuu and Dad? Usually fights like this attract all sorts of 
spectators," inquired Nobuyuki, kneeling back down to Sasami.

"Oh, I almost forgot to tell you! We have a new visitor from space!" Sasami 
chirped with a tone of half nervousness and half cheerfulness.

"New visitor? Someone new at the house!? Well...what's her name?" Nobuyuki asked 
with a tone like he was making a pass at a woman in a bar.

"It's not a 'she', it's a 'he'. He's hurt really bad, and Washyuu's taking care 
of him up in Mihoshi's old room. When Tenchi and the others found him, he 
panicked and attacked everyone, so Aeka and Ryoko don't want him around. That's 
what the fight is about; Tenchi asked Washyuu to fix him up, and Ryoko and Aeka 
got mad," Sasami explained. She then pointed out near the lake and continued, 
"That big split in the forest is where his ship crashed, didn't you see it on 
your way home?"

Nobuyuki wheeled around and immediately saw what Sasami was pointing at. There 
was a gash in the forest that ran all the way to the lake. It had since stopped 
smoking and was now just a swath of charred foliage and dug-up earth. Nobuyuki 
sweatdropped at the sight of it.

<Kami-Sama! Why _didn't_ I notice that before!?> Nobuyuki thought to himself. 
Frozen from shock, he didn't even hear Sasami talking to him.

"Mister Masaki? Mister Masakiiiiiii," Sasami half sang, tapping him on the 
shoulder. "Mister Masaki, I'm going to go open the back door now so you can get 
in without the others noticing you, okay?" Still no reply. Shrugging, Sasami 
turned and walked back inside. As she closed the door, Ryo-Ohki stepped outside 
from behind it and walked up to Nobuyuki. Nobuyuki was still frozen in shock at 
the sight of the forest, and Ryo-Ohki confusedly turned her head to the side and 
sat, looking at Mr. Masaki for almost a minute. Finally, she got up, walked to 
Nobuyuki, and curiously pawed at the cuff of his right pant leg. Almost 
instantaneous to Ryo-Ohki's touch, Nobuyuki fell over, fainting. In a terrified 
dash, Ryo-Ohki turned to run back inside, but instead slammed her head into the 
closed door, knocking herself out. Responding to the thud of the cabbit's head, 
Sasami cracked the door open again and sweatdropped at the sight of both Ryo-
Ohki and Nobuyuki unconscious.

--------

"Just a little more and...there," Washyuu muttered to herself, removing a rather 
long, sharp needle from the arm of the mysterious newcomer. Having been unsure 
of the being's exact race, Washyuu was taking a blood sample from him for study. 
Katsuhito, who had been sitting in the doorway to the room, couldn't help but 
wince as the four-inch needle was removed, the syringe filled with dark red 
blood. Leaning against the doorframe, he watched silently as Washyuu pulled up 
the strange transparent computer that seemed to appear before her whenever she 
needed it no matter _where_ she was. After hitting a few glowing keys, a small 
portal appeared to her immediate right. Removing the needle, she half-heartedly 
flung the blood sample, still in its syringe, into the portal and closed it.

The room where the three were was relatively empty. When visitors first began to 
fall from the sky around Tenchi Masaki, it was where Mihoshi's room used to be. 
Since Mihoshi moved out to live in the apartment with Kiyone however, the room 
had since been empty and unused. Now, the room affectionately called "Mihoshi's 
Room" had become something of a "hospital room" for the newcomer. In the far 
right corner of the room from the doorway, next to the window, was a strange 
medical bed where the newcomer had been placed at Washyuu's request. Washyuu 
herself had built both the bed and the machines that the newcomer had been 
hooked up to in order to regulate his vital signs. Finally, at the side of the 
bed and in front of Washyuu was a small night table where she had earlier stored 
medical supplies and where a small tray with a pot of green tea now sat.

Having wrapped up taking the blood sample, Washyuu now observed the newcomer 
thoughtfully. "Looks like he got the utter shit kicked outta him," she paused, 
then spun around in her chair to face Katsuhito, "Ne, Old Man?"

Katsuhito was surprised that Washyuu knew he was there. She had had her back to 
him the whole time she was tending to her "patient", and he had assumed she 
thought he left with the others. Still, he didn't let his surprise show, save 
for a split second where his eyes had reflected it. He nodded and stood up from 
his leaning spot on the doorframe.

"How is your hand?" Katsuhito inquired.

"Huh? Oh, right. It doesn't hurt anymore, thank you," Washyuu spoke up, glancing 
down at her hand where the newcomer had burned it earlier with his energy 
attacks. As soon as the newcomer had been placed into the medical bed and made 
stable, Katsuhito had cared for Washyuu's hand, having her rub the pulp of a 
healing herb on it before bandaging it.

"So, how is he?" Katsuhito continued to pry.

"Well, he's pretty bad, but with _my_ medical genius, he'll pull through," 
Washyuu boasted. "I'm sure you'd agree that with Earth's inferior medical 
abilities, he'd have died inside of a week."

"Indeed."

"By the way, has Tenchi said anything about why he wanted to save this guy?" 
asked Washyuu, looking up with an air of curiosity.

"No, he's been pretty quiet about it. Well, that and Ryoko & Aeka haven't given 
him room to make a complete sentence," Katsuhito replied with a slight chuckle.

"Oh, well I'm pretty sure I have a good idea what it was. Did you get a look at 
this guy's face when he 'attacked'?"

"No, why?"

"Well, he didn't seem to have that typical expression...'the eyes of a killer' 
so to speak. He seemed rather...panicked...in look, mannerism, and speech. This 
guy wasn't attacking just to be attacking, he was attacking out of fear. I don't 
know for sure, but I believe Tenchi saw the same thing. That, and probably 
because Tenchi's just soft," Washyuu grinned. Katsuhito couldn't help but share 
a chuckle at the last sentence.

After the soft, lighthearted laughter had died down, Washyuu twirled back around 
in her chair. In one fluid motion, she picked something up from the night table 
and propped her feet up where it had been resting.

"Now this is an interesting item," Washyuu muttered to herself, turning the 
object over repeatedly in her hand.

"What is it, Washyuu-chan?" Katsuhito inquired.

"It's that device that was clipped to this guy's head. I know it has to be some 
sort of eyepiece, 'cause I found the glass in our little visitor's eye. However, 
I don't think it was to make a fashion statement, and it sure as hell wasn't for 
protection. If it was for either purpose, the earpiece wouldn't be so 
electronically complex, and it would have covered both eyes had it been a piece 
of armor. I wonder if it--" Washyuu was interrupted by loud voices coming from 
downstairs.

"Aeka & Ryoko. Dammit. Well, at least they decided not to do _that_ up here," 
Washyuu complained.

"I would go down there, but I'd rather not get in the middle of those two. Once 
they get started, may Kami-Sama help anyone who gets between them," Katsuhito 
added.

"You mean like Tenchi?" Washyuu snidely questioned. The remark caused Katsuhito 
to laugh out loud.

"Exactly!" was his reply as he caught his breath. Washyuu simply smirked and 
went back to fiddling with the device. Katsuhito, upon composing himself, went 
back to his post at the doorframe, thinking about what he and Washyuu had said.

<"Didn't you get a look at this guy's face when he 'attacked?'" "Didn't you get 
a look at this guy's face when he 'attacked?'"> The question from Washyuu was 
playing over and over in Katsuhito's mind.

<I didn't see his face, Washyuu-chan, but I did notice he had a tail. I've seen 
that tail, and that uniform, and that device, somewhere before. But I thought 
they didn't come this far out of their territory...if he is one, that is. I just 
hope this isn't some precursor, that they've gone beyond their boundaries and 
broken the treaty...that they're as savage as everyone on Jurai likes to 
believe...>

--------

"Tenchi, just what in the _HELL_ were you thinking!?" Ryoko shouted in Tenchi's 
ear for what seemed like the thousandth time.

"Ryoko's right, just what is _wrong_ with you!?" Aeka complimented Ryoko's 
statement with a hiss rarely heard from the Jurai princess.

"Well-- I-- That is to say-- Just gimme a sec--" Tenchi stammered, trying to get 
at least a half of a sentence in. This was pretty much the scene in the Masaki 
house since earlier in the afternoon, after Washyuu had forced them to help her 
drag that "horrible creature" into the house. It was Tenchi who had asked 
Washyuu to do so, and it infuriated Ryoko and Aeka. For perhaps the first time 
since the two girls had come to live under the roof of the Masaki home, they 
were actually genuinely pissed off at "Lord Tenchi".

"That--that THING that you let Washyuu take upstairs tried to _kill_ me, you 
know that!?" Aeka shrieked. "Why would you let a savage like that into _this 
house_!?" Aeka had beaten the point like a dead horse, still able to vividly 
recall the bolt of light flashing just inches from her face and hitting the 
tree.

"For once, Aeka has a point Tenchi! How could you feel sorry for a beat up piece 
of crap like that!?" Ryoko chimed in, peering down at Tenchi with her yellow 
feline eyes narrowed. "Honestly, you get so naive and heartfelt sometimes, it's 
like your brain reverts to Mihoshi's level!" she hissed.

"And what about when that beast wakes up!?" Aeka shouted. "Surely, he'll come 
after us all like he did at the lake!"

"But I--" Tenchi attempted to protest.

"Look!" Ryoko and Aeka almost hissed in unison. "What's the point in saving a 
worthless creature that amounts to nothing more than a frantic savage!?" Tenchi 
stumbled back and cowered, expecting a physical attack would soon follow.

"Okay, I think that's quite enough," a voice piped up from behind the two. The 
girls spun around and saw Nobuyuki standing there with Sasami half hiding behind 
him and Ryo-Ohki shying away on her shoulder. "I think you two have yelled at 
Tenchi quite enough, he was only being hospitable towards our new visitor--"

"This is none of your concern, Father!" Aeka snapped.

"Ya, butt out, Nobuyuki!" Ryoko added.

"That's enough out of you both!"

Ryoko and Aeka suddenly spun around, both of them sharing a look of utter shock. 
Tenchi had spoken up. His voice was cold and stern, like the voice Tenchi used 
when he spoke to Kagato during their duel. Never in her wildest dreams did Aeka 
ever imagine that Tenchi would talk to _her_, or even _Ryoko_, with that voice. 
After a long minute of silence, Tenchi began again.

"Now that I have your attention for a few seconds...you want to know why I asked 
Washyuu to take care of our newcomer, the 'savage' as you call him? It's simple. 
You might not have seen it, but Washyuu and I _both_ saw in his eyes that he was 
just as frightened as you two...as frightened as I was. That's why I even 
bothered. He was just a frightened, wounded soldier, and he looked like he was 
only about my own age. Trust me, if I was in his position, I would have acted 
the same way, and so would you two."

There was silence. Aeka and Ryoko were bewildered. Nobuyuki and Sasami were 
speechless, never even once suspecting that Tenchi was capable of _that_...to 
_Aeka & Ryoko_ of all people, too! Tenchi simply sighed and sat on the arm of 
the couch. That one little burst of authority was enough to wear him down.

"Besides," Tenchi added, "if it were either of you two...if it were either of 
you two, I'd have done the same thing. I'd have saved you, too." All at once, 
the thick air of a tense verbal standoff was replaced by a sudden...mix of 
emotion.

"Would you...REALLY...do that for me?" Ryoko inquired. As soon as Tenchi had 
finished a tired nod, Ryoko's emotions burst to the surface. Misty eyed, she 
tackled Tenchi in another one of her rushes of lust for the young Masaki.

"Oh, Tenchi! I just _knew_ you truly loved me! You'd put your life on the line 
just to make sure I was safe!" Ryoko cried, latching onto Tenchi in typical 
fashion.

"Wait! You don't quite understand what I was saying!" Tenchi shrieked in 
surprise.

"Oh yes I do! You were dropping me a hint that you loved me, Tenchi! Yes you 
were!" Ryoko cried with boastful joy.

"Oh no you don't!" Aeka howled, gripping a handful of Ryoko's pale green hair.

"Ow, damn! Let go!" Ryoko hissed. Shaking Aeka's vicelike grip, Ryoko turned to 
face her opponent. The two girls stood face to face, glaring into each other's 
eyes with looks reminiscent of the apocalypse itself. Instantly, Ryoko's fists 
began to glow with crackling orange energy as Aeka's Jurai power sparked to 
life, the protective logs surrounding her almost as quickly as the standoff had 
begun.

"Girls! This is enough!" shouted Nobuyuki.

"Ya!" agreed Tenchi. "Stop it before you tear the house apart!"

"Sister!" cried Sasami, "Stop iiiiiiiiiiiiiit!"

There was a sudden sound at the door; a knocking sound to be precise. Somehow, 
even though the screaming by all those inside the house had failed to stop them, 
Ryoko, with her glowing red fist raised high in the air, and Aeka, with the 
defensive shielding logs all around her, suddenly stopped and stared at the 
door. The knocking sound persisted, followed by a familiar, high-pitched voice.

"Tenchi? Sasami? Can we come in?"

--------

Upstairs, things were dead quiet. With the exception of a brief pause to listen 
out for the sudden fight downstairs, Washyuu and Katsuhito had been far less 
than productive: Washyuu still fiddling with the newcomer's eyepiece and 
Katsuhito still lost in thought in the doorframe. After the initial rumbling of 
the house had ceased, the two had lost interest in the activities downstairs and 
resumed the same old nothingness as before.

"Something doesn't seem right," Washyuu finally broke the silence, putting the 
device back down on the table.

"Oh? What's that?" inquired Katsuhito.

"Well, I mean just look at him," Washyuu nodded toward the newcomer, "he had 
that soldier's uniform on, but he couldn't be anything more than a kid around 
Tenchi's age. I've never heard of any culture so savage as to send people this 
young into this kind of military service, save for a few unorganized 
revolutions. If anything, he should be in a school uniform, not some soldier's 
armor, _right_?"

"Well Washyuu-chan, there are a few cultures in the outer borders of the--" he 
was cut short by a voice downstairs...Tenchi's voice, answering the door.

"Coming...Oh, hi MihoKiy--...Kiyone?...What's wrong? What 
happened!?...Mihoshi???"

Glancing over to Washyuu, Katsuhito could tell she heard it, too. He found the 
same look of curious confusion that he knew he wore on his face as well.

"What the hell's all that about?" Washyuu asked, standing up. Apparently 
forgetting about her previous inquiry, she calmly stepped over to the doorframe 
where Katsuhito was and glanced outside. Poking her head back in, she turned to 
look up at Katsuhito, "Think we should put in an appearance?"

"I don't see why not. They probably forgot we exist, we've been up here so 
long."

"Well, let's go," Washyuu smirked, pushing past Katsuhito and stepping out into 
the hallway. Katsuhito however, didn't move. Once again, his gaze had turned to 
the newcomer, the one with the tail.

<If you are one, please let Washyuu's intuition be right about you and not the 
Jurai stereotype>, Katsuhito thought, looking back. He hardly even noticed 
Washyuu staring back at him from halfway down the hallway, arms folded.

"Ahem, are you coming, or are you waiting for him to go first?" Washyuu 
sarcastically remarked. With that, Katsuhito snapped out of his wandering 
thoughts and nodded to Washyuu, moving from his perch in the doorway to follow 
her. As they moved to step down the staircase, they were greeted by something 
that sounded like...like sobbing.

"Oh, hi Dad," Nobuyuki walked to the foot of the staircase to greet his father-
in-law. "Ms. Washyuu, good to see you, too. I hear we have a new visitor, is it 
a bad time to meet him--"

"Not now, not now," Katsuhito interrupted, "What's going on down here?" 
Nobuyuki's face suddenly went sullen as he nodded to the horseshoe-shaped set of 
couches around the TV in the living room. As Washyuu and Katsuhito looked where 
Nobuyuki was pointing them, they could see that the mood of the room had changed 
significantly from the fight not two minutes ago.

On one side of the couch, Ryoko and Tenchi sat, but curiously, Ryoko was not 
making any of her typical motions toward Tenchi. Across from them sat Aeka, with 
Sasami just joining everyone after laying a tray down on the table with a pot of 
green tea. In the center sat the ever-cheerful form of Mihoshi, though she 
didn't look very cheerful at the moment. Everyone's worried gaze seemed fixed on 
a loudly sobbing figure that sat slouched over to Mihoshi's left. Her face was 
buried in her hands, so neither Washyuu nor Katsuhito could see her face. 
However, the heavy white sweater that she seemed to wear all year 'round, and 
the endlessly flowing deep teal hair were more than enough to identify the 
Galaxy Police Academy's second best graduate of all time...

"Kiyone?" Washyuu asked, slowly stepping around to face her friend. Hearing only 
a muffled cry in return, Washyuu turned to Mihoshi with a genuine face of 
concern. "Mihoshi, what's going on? I've never seen her this bad before."

"Something happened on her homeworld, Megami," Mihoshi explained, "there was a 
chain of murders of high law officials and her grandfather was one of the 
victims."

The mere mention of her grandfather only made Kiyone's deep sobs increase in 
strength and volume. One could even make out a muffled moan of "Grampa, why?" 
through the crying.

"I see," Washyuu responded to Mihoshi, glancing over to Kiyone's seemingly 
broken and crumpled form. "When did all this happen?" she persisted, turning 
back to Mihoshi.

"We got the call really early in the morning a couple of days ago," Mihoshi 
piped up.

"She's been like this ever since?"

"Well, no, up until last night, she was all cata--uh--catatatta--um..." Mihoshi 
stammered, looking for the right word, "really, really scared stiff."

"Catatonic?" Washyuu added.

"Ya! That's it!" Mihoshi exclaimed, her temporary excitement turning immediately 
back to a depressed state as Kiyone's weeping came back into strength. As 
Washyuu watched her good friend in anguish, she noticed the tears seep between 
Kiyone's slender fingers and run down the backs of her hands a distance before 
plummeting to the floor. Sighing out of true sympathy, Washyuu stepped over to 
Kiyone, scooping up a tissue from the box on the coffee table as she went. 
Everyone watched silently as Washyuu stopped directly in front of Kiyone and 
knelt down to eye-level.

"Here," Washyuu said softly, holding the tissue out to Kiyone. Looking up from 
her tear-soaked hands, Kiyone took the tissue, stammering a meek "Arigatou," as 
she did so, and wiped away what tears were still running from her dark blue eyes 
before blowing her nose with it.

"I'm sorry you lost your grandfather," Washyuu continued, "I take it you were 
pretty close to him, ne?" All Kiyone could do was nod in response, as the tissue 
was still held firmly at her face. After wiping her nose one last time, Kiyone 
dropped the wadded tissue paper on the coffee table, trying her best to stave 
off any further rush of tears. Unfortunately, her sorrow was too much to bear 
and she keeled over once more in deep, loud sobs.

"This should help calm your nerves," Aeka spoke up, holding a small cup of fresh 
green tea up to Kiyone. Thanking Aeka, Kiyone took the small cup of tea and 
downed the whole drink in one gulp.

Kiyone perked up a bit, though still awash in tears, "It's wonderful, who made 
it?" she asked.

"That would be Sasami's handiwork," Aeka replied.

"It was terrific Sasami, doomo arigatou," Kiyone complimented, her voice a 
little more composed, yet still no less grief-stricken.

"You're welcome," Sasami chirped.

Washyuu took a seat on the couch next to Kiyone, "Now, do you know anything at 
all about what happened to your grandfather?" Washyuu was genuinely concerned, 
as Kiyone had become one of her absolute closest friends following the incidents 
with Kain and Tenchi's mother.

"All they said was that--that the suspect was a relative of someone Grampa had 
sentenced to death," Kiyone grimly confided.

"Sentenced to death? Was he a judge or something?" Washyuu pondered out of pure 
curiosity. Kiyone nodded, feeling herself about to lose it again.

"And you were close to your grandpa, too," Washyuu reiterated.

Tears streamed from Kiyone's face, "Yes, yes he raised me, put me through school 
and the academy. We were both misfits in our family, and he was the only person 
who--who--" Kiyone couldn't hold back anymore, and howled, bursting into another 
loud episode of mourning.

"Oh my...come here," Washyuu spoke softly. Sobbing, Kiyone embraced Washyuu and 
hugged her tight.

"Shhhh, shhh, it'll be okay, just let it all out," Washyuu did her best to 
comfort her dear friend. Kiyone buried her face into Washyuu's shoulder and 
weeped until she seemed to wear herself out as Washyuu lightly rubbed her back 
in reassurance.

When Kiyone's crying had seemingly ceased, Washyuu spoke up once more, "We're 
all here for you, and we'll do our best to help you through this, alright? We've 
all lost someone near and dear to us, you'll be okay." All around, voices of 
agreement and acknowledgement spoke up, confirming Washyuu's kind words.

"Thank you very much, everyone," Kiyone whispered, too overwhelmed with emotion 
to speak at a normal tone. "But that's why Mihoshi and I came over here. I have 
to head out to Megami tomorrow for Grampa's funeral, and they want me to stay 
for the investigation and court proceedings." The room fell silent and Kiyone 
let go of Washyuu.

"I don't know how long it will take, so I wanted to stop by and say goodbye to 
everyone now in case it takes longer than expected," she continued. "I'm very 
sorry, I wish I could come back as soon as the funeral ended, but I must stay in 
honor of Grampa." Everyone nodded in understanding.

"Kiyone?" Sasami spoke up, her voice beginning to waver.

"What is it Sasami," Kiyone asked in the most gentle and reassuring voice she 
could muster.

"You'll write to us, won't you?"

Kiyone's face darkened, "I'm sorry, Sasami. By Megamian custom, any law official 
involved in a personal case is to be put under witness protection during the 
court case and for at least two months afterwards. At that time, I cannot 
receive or send personal messages for security purposes; I can only be contacted 
by Megamian law officials or the high brass of the GP."

Sasami felt her face begin to tremble. Tears began to roll down her freckled 
cheeks and she began to sniffle. "But...but I'm going to miss you!"

"Oh, I'll miss you too, sweetie," Kiyone replied, forgetting her own sorrow 
momentarily in place of Sasami's.

"I don't want you to leave!" Sasami finally burst into tears and rushed to her. 
The display of concern made Kiyone nearly start crying again herself, and she 
knelt down to face Sasami at eye-level.

"I know, I know, dear," Kiyone spoke in a soft, comforting voice as she wiped 
Sasami's tears away with her hand, "I don't want to have to be gone so long 
either, but I'll try my best to come back as soon as I possibly can, okay 
kiddo?" Sasami nodded and hugged Kiyone. Watching the touching scene, Washyuu 
and Mihoshi looked up at each other, and nodded as if the same thought had come 
between them...

<Look at her. The way she is with Sasami. She would make a great mother 
someday.>

"Mihoshi," the suddenly stern voice jerked Mihoshi to attention and she quickly 
stood up to face her partner.

"Ya, Kiyone?"

"I think we should get going. I want to have time to get packed for the trip 
tomorrow," Kiyone sighed, standing up. Almost as if by command, everyone rose 
from the couch and walked to Kiyone to give their goodbyes.

"Come back soon," Sasami was still standing in front of Kiyone and hugged her 
once more.

"I will, Sasami. Count on it," Kiyone reassured the young princess, running her 
hand through Sasami's hair gently.

Aeka and Tenchi were next to approach. "Good luck, Miss Kiyone," Aeka wished her 
friend luck. Officer and princess then bowed out of mutual respect.

"Don't be a stranger," Tenchi lightheartedly bid Kiyone farewell. Kiyone smirked 
almost cheerfully at the clever remark.

"You neither."

"May the good spirits see you safely home," Katsuhito genuinely blessed. The two 
shook hands and bowed. Nobuyuki stepped up next and shook Kiyone's hand in a 
move of surprising tact for the man Kiyone had come to know by acquaintance as 
"Tenchi's ecchi father".

"Hope to see you back soon," Nobuyuki bid farewell. Finally, Washyuu and Ryoko 
were the last two to approach.

Washyuu bowed, "Remember, we're here for you. Even if we aren't there in person, 
we'll be there for you in spirit. Keep safe."

"Arigatou," Kiyone thanked her dear friend. Washyuu rose and the two lightly 
hugged one more time. Lastly, Ryoko approached with a devilish grin on her face.

"We've been through Hell together, and we haven't always been on the same side, 
y'know," Ryoko smirked.

"Yeah, you don't have to tell me twice," Kiyone remarked, an air of tension from 
past confrontations began to surround the two.

Suddenly, Ryoko stuck out her hand, "Take care, kid."

Kiyone shook Ryoko's hand, "You too...kid," Kiyone smirked, matching Ryoko's 
expression.

Kiyone stepped back and waited for Mihoshi to finish her much more temporary 
farewells. When she had finished, she joined her partner in the hallway to the 
front door.

"Go get the car ready, okay Mihoshi?" Kiyone requested.

"Haaaaaai," Mihoshi chirped, heading out the door.

"Goodbye! Take care!" Kiyone waved, turning to walk out the door after her 
partner. A loud, frantic meowing sound stopped the teal-haired detective dead in 
her tracks, however. Turning back around, Kiyone saw Ryo-Ohki dash up to her and 
leap onto her shoulder. Ryo-Ohki was meowing with a loud, sorrowful sound and 
tears were beginning to flow from her kawaii cabbit face.

Kiyone chuckled, "Ryo-Ohki, I wouldn't forget you!" She smiled and patted the 
little cabbit on the head. Gently, she picked up Ryo-Ohki off of her shoulder 
and held the cabbit up at eye-level. "Now you be good and stay out of trouble, 
understand?" Ryo-Ohki nodded and meowed one more goodbye.

A voice called from outside, it was Mihoshi. "Kiyoooooone! The car's ready!"

"Okay, Mihoshi!" Kiyone called back. Turning around, Kiyone faced the motley 
group of space misfits she had come to know as her family once more. Seeing 
everyone's faces, and knowing it would be for the last time in a very long time, 
Kiyone began to grow misty-eyed again.

"Lord Tenchi, Honorable Nobuyuki, Honorable Katsuhito, retired space pirate 
Ryoko, Princess Aeka, Princess Sasami, number one genius Washyuu, Ryo-
Ohki...arigatou gozaimasu...thank you all for being such great friends...for 
being my second family," Kiyone bowed, then slowly stepped out the door, tears 
beginning to roll from her face again.

"Goodbye! Take care!" everyone called from inside the house. As the front door 
slowly closed and latched shut, a reflective silence befell everyone. A part of 
the Masaki Family, and the all-time second best graduate of the Galaxy Police 
Academy, was gone...and she would not be seen again for a very long time.





Tenchi Muyo! and its characters copyrighted by Hayashi Hiroki, AIC/Pioneer, and 
Viz Communications.

Dragon Ball Z (c) Bird Studio/Shueisha, Toei Animation. Licensed by FUNimation 
Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved, or as otherwise directed by FUNimation.

This site is not meant to infringe on any copyrights, it is simply here as a 
fan's tribute to the Tenchi Muyo! and Dragon Ball series.
