**I do not own the Tenchi or Dragon Ball Z characters or anything remotely 
related to them. In fact, I don't own much of anything. Don't sue me, I have no 
money nor will I ever have any money seeing as I am lazy and grumpy. All the 
time. Without fail. And for the rest of my life. So there.**

**Newer, Smarter Jana: I have rereleased this .txt file in order for it to be 
readable on 2-21-2001. No editing in the body of this fic- it's all the same... 
Please let me know if you have any problems! Visit my page at 
http://www.geocities.com/flobobs ... If this still doesn't work, look for my 
body under a bridge somewhere! Ug, terrible little .txt files!**

Hello! Me and my keyboard back again. This is my second attempt at a respectable 
fic, and hopefully it won't suck. I wanna thank everybody who's written to me 
and helped me out with this stuff. I have totally thrown out all ideas I had for 
this chapter when I wrote the first, and will now attempt to liven it all up 
with an unpredictable and unprecedented twist! Be ready to be amazed, or at 
least reasonably interested, well, maybe just not totally bored. Please excuse 
any silly little flaws or discrepancies, seeing as I am just human and don't 
have the money to buy every single tape of every TV show so that all the details 
are perfect and wonderful.
I will shut up now and let my demented mind do its worst!


*****************************************

Masaki Ball Z!
Part Two: No Need for Nightmares




"Hey, Sasami, where's my breakfast?" hollered a very hungry Ryoko.
"I didn't make any," mumbled Sasami as she read one of the various magazines 
lying around the house.
"What? Hey, I'm hungry!" grumbled Ryoko.
Sasami ignored Ryoko, who was pouting and stomping around the living room. There 
was too much on Sasami's mind. Aeka had always been good about listening to 
Sasami's fears, but lately she had been preoccupied with her eternal quest for 
Tenchi's heart. Ryoko had come at Tenchi with an almost desperate forcefulness 
shortly after her drunken foray with adult Trunks, creating havoc throughout the 
Masaki household.  Bulma waltzed into the room carrying Little Trunks. Bulma had 
spent most of the night with her small machines, trying to find a way home. 
"Oh, Little Trunks, you really are the best little boy ever!" cooed a jubilant 
and rather proud looking Bulma. "Oh, Sasami, you have to hear Trunks! He just 
said 'Tenchi', isn't that sweet?"
"Hmmm. Yes, it is."
"What's wrong? Are you okay? You don't sound okay. Can I do anything?" asked a 
concerned Bulma. 
"I, I had a dream, and in it all of the people I love died. This thing killed 
them. And nobody will listen to me. I, I just..." tears welled in Sasami's big 
pink eyes.
"There, there Sasami. We all have bad dreams sometimes. It doesn't mean it'll 
happen."
"But it always does! I'm so scared, Bulma!"
"Now, listen, we won't let it happen, kay? Hey! Trunks! Stop pulling my hair, 
you silly little thing! I have to go change my little boy, he's gotta stinky on 
the way! Sasami, don't worry, I'm sure everything'll be fine!" Bulma just 
managed to wrangle the squirming and grimacing Trunks into the nearby kitchen, 
thus confirming that his look of deep concentration was not caused by his 
intellectual endeavors.
Sasami slowly walked up the stairs to the room she shared with her sister. The 
thought of losing everyone she cared about made her feel ill and unbearably 
stiff inside. She just wanted to cry.

Trunks was so tired. Ryoko had kept him in a foggy drunken stupor all night, and 
he was just beginning to stop heaving every five seconds. His head was exploding 
and his mouth felt like a huge amount of cotton had been shoved in it with a 
pickaxe. 
"Oh, I'll never ever drink again! Uuuuaaaghhhh uuuuuuuhhh UuUUUaaaaghhhhh..." 
Trunks clutched the toilet bowl as though it were his life raft in the middle of 
an ocean filled with sharks and piranhas, "I should be able to handle this, I'm 
a Saiyan! Uh, my head!"
"Hey there, you ready for round two?" hollered a mischievous Ryoko as she 
materialized in the bathroom. 
"Funny, Ryoko. Very funny. Uuuuaaaaggghhhhhh... Guhuh Guhuh. Oh." Trunks sucked 
in air, his head swimming. "I don't think I'll ever drink again."
"Hey, you can't run out on me! I'm a space pirate, I can make you do anything I 
want!" snickered Ryoko as she ran her fingers through her spiky blue hair.
"And I'm a Super Saiyan, I don't have to do anything you say."
"You used to be so much fun, what happened to the guy I ambushed with Sake last 
night, huh?" teased Ryoko.
"Oh, please, leave me alone. It would make me so happy if you would. 
Uuuaaaggghhhhh Uhhhh uhhhgggg Uuuhhhhh." 
Ryoko laughed as she dematerialized. Trunks had been very reserved and sad when 
she had first seen him, but he was slowly coming out of his shell. Ryoko was 
really hungry, so she decided to take advantage of the Masaki kitchen while on 
her way to pester Tenchi.

Washu labored continuously at her holo computer. The dimensional puzzle was 
perfect for her keen scientific mind, and it was consuming her every moment. She 
punched away at her keyboard, the ideas flooding her brain. She was almost at 
the verge of discovery, when her early detection system caused every alarm in 
her lab to go off. 
"What the... what's this all about? Interrupting my research! Can't the universe 
see I'm busy!" yelled a very angry Washu as she rerouted her computer into the 
alarm system. After a great deal of typing and mumbling, Washu became 
motionless, her hands fell to her sides and she hardly breathed.
"This is amazing. Such power! What could be causing it? Let me see..."
This was followed by more typing and the occasional curse at some small typo or 
flaw in data.
"I can't believe it. Another tear, to the south. But it's not to their Earth, 
it's... damn, this is bad..."


Mihoshi was watching the television and neglecting her Space Police duties, 
again, for the fifth time in just one week. Sasami reluctantly made dinner after 
being reminded by Ryoko repeatedly, and not very gently, that she needed to make 
some food before the entire house starved.
Tenchi was quietly sipping some tea and studying for the end of year exams at 
school. He hardly even noticed the tenseness in the air as Aeka and Ryoko stared 
each other down. 
"I personally believe that you have no right to Tenchi while you play with that 
Trunks alien. You should leave my Lord Tenchi alone and take that scruffy Sai- 
whatever whom you seem so content with."
"Hey, you leave Trunks outta this, princess, he's not my type, I'd think he'd 
suit you much better, anyway. Then you can prove your true friendship to Tenchi 
by letting a real woman teach him what it means to be a man."
"Oh, my! You have such a filthy mouth, Ryoko! How dare you speak of Lord Tenchi 
as though he could settle for someone as beastly and common as you?" screamed 
Aeka, her fist clenched as she stood up menacingly.   
"Hey, you wanna fight, princess? Because that's what you're gonna get if you 
keep after my man!" 
At this point everyone had shrunk from the two very angry and powerful women. 
Tenchi tried to move everything breakable away from the brewing disaster.
"Take this, you pesky demon!" cried Aeka as she hurled a small purple energy 
blast straight at Ryoko's face.
"Oh, yeah!" Ryoko maneuvered out of the globe's path and retaliated with a 
bright red beam of plasma, "Take this!"
Just as Aeka was about to further incinerate the already smoldering living room, 
Washu stepped between the two ladies.
"Eh hem," Washu stood, hands behind her back, "Well, well. I guess you girls 
don't want to hear about my fabulous discovery."
"Oh, Miss Washu..." stammered Aeka.
"What is it Washu?" asked Tenchi, relieved at Washu's interruption.
 "I have some very bad news. I've found another dimensional tear."
"Well, that's not bad news! We should go tell Bulma about it." Tenchi scratched 
the back of his head, a puzzled look on his face.
"It doesn't go to their world, Tenchi. I had thought it was almost impossible. 
Oh, this is really bad," Washu was scared. Her eyes looked into the distance, 
and she sighed. "The readings I have on it are so erratic, it's hard to even get 
a fix on its location. I think it's artificial. And whatever made that thing, 
can probably do a lot more than just make tears. "
"Like what?" asked Mihoshi, with innocent eyes.
"Like kill us all!" screamed Washu, her entire face convulsing.


Bulma sat at the kitchen table, sheets of paper and assorted electronics 
scattered across its surface.
"Let's see," she pushed several buttons on a calculator sized device, her face 
twisted in concentration, "if I enter the data... here... and here... okay, now 
I, no... no, wait. It's here... and then I cross the paths here... and yes, 
that's it. Okay!"
The device started to whirr and click. Its small screen flickered, and then went 
blank.
"Data analysis complete, and now," Bulma pressed several buttons on another 
small machine, "to complete the process..."
A long ream of paper was ejected from a slit in the machine, and Bulma scanned 
the results.
"Oh, well... this is certainly... interesting..." Bulma's face started to wobble 
with fear, she gulped.
"Bulma, we're all going to check out a tear, you want to come?" Tenchi peered 
into the kitchen, excitement mixed with fear apparent in his tone of voice.
"Uh, Tenchi... did you know there's..."
"...a big unnatural tear?"
"Um, yeah, that's it."
"We're going to check it out, c'mon!"
"Okay, just let me..." and with that, Bulma promptly fainted.


Washu led the group, minus Sasami, Little Trunks, and Nobuyuki, towards the 
unnatural event. The forest seemed to magnify any noise, making their rustling 
steps sound ominous, even to each other.
"Everyone, be on your guard. Who knows what created this thing." Yosho 
cautioned.
"Hey, how much farther?" whined Ryoko as she dragged along.
"Hush, Ryoko! We have to be quiet!" Tenchi whispered back.
Trunks and Gohan felt a power, their bodies stiffening.
"It's here..." Gohan whispered in awe.
"Hey, Washu, what kind of readings are you getting? My stuff just went blank," 
Bulma whispered as she shook her useless machine.
"I'm not getting anything, either. But I think the tear is right over that 
ridge..."
A beam of light jetted across the sky from over the ridge, widening until it 
engulfed the entire forest in its eerie glow. The light pulsed, and odd leaves 
and twigs began to levitate. The quiet was deafening, nothing moved.
As the light faded, the group could feel a low hum grow, almost motor-like. 
Gohan and Trunks flew over the ridge, followed by the rest, scrambling towards 
the tear. 


The face was hollow and haunted. The small child's eyes seemed old, and every 
few seconds, they would pulse with red. His hair was jet black, and fell to his 
shoulders. The creature's body was thin; a macabre skeletal echo of what had 
once been beauty. He waited, but he wouldn't have to wait for long.

  

*****************************************

That's it! Thank you!
Visit my page: http://www.geocities.com/flobobs
E-mail me: j_delight@hotmail.com



