
**Disclaimer:I do not own the Tenchi and Dragon Ball Z characters. Don't sue me, 
I have no money.**

This is the second release of the .txt file for this chapter- I have tried to 
fix the line break problems- and I have fixed some of the errors in the 
document. I have also changed it so as to be more readable. I fixed a few 
problems I had with the characterization of several TM and DBZ characters, so 
this reads differently than the first release. You can still read that one at my 
page- the address is: http://www.geocities.com/flobobs
Simply click on the link to the new version on the MBZ- then you will find a 
link to Part One (A) in the body of this new fic. You will find the old flawed 
version there. 
Though some of the text has been changed- the outcome is the same, so if you 
have read the old version already, there is no real need for you to read this 
one.

This is set (for DBZ) at the beginning of the Cell Era. If you don't know what 
I'm talking about you should still be able to get what's going on. There is a 
tiny bit of raunchy humor, but anyone who actually watches this show won't be 
offended (hopefully).
As for the Tenchi stuff, I couldn't decide on a time or which series to use. 
I'll probably create a few Tenchi type villains later on, and maybe we'll have a 
few cameos? Har har.

*********************************************************************

When Dimensions Collide!
Part One (B): No Need for Introductions


Bulma was sitting on a mossy log in the middle of the forest waiting for Gohan 
to come pick her and Trunks up. She had gone on a walk, it was supposed to be a 
short walk, at which point a giant saber tooth tiger chased her and her little 
baby all through the forest. Bulma ran so fast her legs became a blur and her 
mouth hung open as she wailed for help. When they had finally lost the beast, 
Bulma was too tired to walk home, and didn't really know where she was, so she 
called Gohan on one of her amazing little gadgets. He'd find them soon, she was 
sure. 

ONE HOUR LATER

Bulma was bored and Trunks needed a change. He was crawling all over her with 
that poop stink babies get and she was pissed.
"Where's Gohan? I called him an hour ago! Trunks needs a change and I'm missing 
my favorite soap." whined Bulma as she cradled Trunks against her. 
"Hey, Trunks, how would you like to explore a bit?" asked Bulma with a big 
mischievous smile plastered on her face. Trunks giggled.
As they wandered through the forest Bulma noticed the ground was getting hilly 
and misty.
"Oooh, Trunks, look at the butterfly!" she cooed as a little pink bug flittered 
into the bushes.
"Man, Gohan is so late! I swear I feel like I've been walking for days. Let's go 
rest at that shrine... Trunks! Look! People! Yay!!!! That's funny, a shrine in 
the middle of nowhere... Oh well! Let's go check it out!"
Bulma hurriedly hopped and skipped, bouncing the stinky Trunks around, all the 
way to the shrine. 
"Heeelllloooooo? Anybody there? Heeeeelllllloooo???" called Bulma.
"Welcome to the Masaki shrine, I am Katsuhito. I am protector of this place." a 
tall gaunt faced man with glinting spectacles replied as he crept out of the 
shadows.
"Oh, my! Well, I'm Bulma and this is Trunks. Say hi to the funny man, Trunks, 
say hi!" cooed Bulma.
"You look tired. Please, join my family for dinner, Bulma." Katsuhito politely 
gestured in the direction of Tenchi's house. "I won't be joining you, but my 
son-in-law should be happy to give you some tea and dinner"
"Oh, thank you!"
As Bulma skipped along to the wooden house below, Katsuhito became worried.
>Could this be a sign of deterioration in the universal link? I must speak to 
Washu on this. That woman and her child do not belong here...<

LATER THAT EVENING

Bulma sat next to Washu at the dinner table. The small child-like scientist was 
having a field day simply looking at this strange creature.
>What a perfect specimen! Straight from another dimension! And she has 
offspring... If I can get her to my lab...<
"So, Bulma! Where are you from?"
"My dad owns Capsule Corp, you must know of him- everyone uses our stuff! I live 
with him and my mom a few miles away. I'm not sure in what direction, but it 
can't be far."
The as yet unnoticed members of the Masaki house glanced questioningly at each 
other, they had never even heard of a capsule before.
Aeka, first princess of Jurai, stopped hitting Ryoko's cyan colored head long 
enough to question Bulma.
"Miss Bulma, I personally don't know what a capsule is. Could you explain what 
they are?"
"Um, okay. I thought everyone knew what a capsule is. Well, it is a small palm 
sized container that holds any kind of object, large or small. We have cars, 
houses, drink machines, anything really! You people have to know what a capsule 
is..."
"Hey, you listen here, I am not some ignorant country bumpkin! I am first 
princess of Jurai and I'll have you know that if you had such an invention I 
would know of it. I think you are lying!" cried the amethyst haired princess.
"Wha... wha... you really don't... Wait a minute..." Bulma pulled out a scanner 
device of some type and pushed buttons on its surface causing several strange 
beeps and whistles and a long roll of paper printouts to cascade over her lap 
onto the floor. "Ah ha! This device pinpoints strange phenomena, such as a warp 
in time or shift of gravity, you know, the usual stuff. It says that there is a 
slight bend in space several kilometers to the west- that's where I came from. 
It's showing no signs of deterioration or instability, but I am getting strange 
fluctuations in energy, leading me to..."
"...you're from another dimension!" interrupted Washu.
"Yeah, I guess so!"
"Ug, can you people ever say things in plain Japanese?" complained a long faced 
Tenchi.
"Oh, weeeeeell, it seems that me and Trunks have journeyed through a small rip 
in space, like a hole, from our universe to yours."
"Um, lady, your kid is really starting to stink!" cried a torture-faced Ryoko as 
she held her nose and grimaced.
"Oh! Trunks did a poopie!" giggled Bulma.

Mihoshi sat in front of the TV after dinner watching Space Police Policeman with 
Sasami (the blue haired sprite didn't seem to be enjoying herself very much, she 
had had to clean up dinner all by herself and was in a bad mood). Mihoshi 
usually spent her breaks at the Masaki home. After being asigned to the Solar 
System, she had become quite fond of the small group, especially Tenchi.
Washu had managed to lure Bulma and Trunks into her lab with promises of really 
neat technology to mess around with. Being a sucker for electric things of every 
type, Bulma entered the lab against her better judgment.
Tenchi, Ryoko, and Aeka sat on the porch, for once able to sit together without 
immediately causing the destruction of some sort of furniture, or small mammal.
Ryoko had brought out a few bottles of warm sake, sharing them with Aeka. 
"Lord Tenchi, do you think that Bulma woman is safe?" queried a worried Aeka. 
The Masaki house had had its share of unwelcome guests.
"I don't know, but she seems nice enough. I'm more worried about her now that 
Washu has her in her lab."
"Yeah, well, I just know that that kid is trouble. He's got something in him 
that's just not right. The potential for power is so... weird," said Ryoko, her 
feline features coming together in a frown. She then made a face at Aeka, who 
immediately threw a half full bottle of Sake at the space pirate. Phasing out so 
that the bottle went right through where she had been, Ryoko giggled at the 
princess from her new position right next to Tenchi.
"So, I guess we'd better stay on his good side, ha ha ha!" Tenchi was trying to 
be funny again. His horrible attempt at humor slightly diffused the brewing 
catastrophy.  
 "What I can't understand is how a tear could have happened. We should all be 
very alert for enemies or evil forces." said Aeka. 
At that moment, with the sun just setting and a cold breeze blowing into the 
valley, two distinct forms could be seen jetting across the sky.

"Gohan, can you see her anywhere? I'm getting really worried. Where would she 
have gone..."
"Well, Trunks, she is your mom!"
"Well, my mom never fell through a rip in space when I was a baby! I mean she is 
a bit... thoughtless, at times, but not to the point of hurting anyone."
"You were raised in a different reality, though. By coming back to the past to 
save my dad, you changed a lot. Maybe you turned your mom into an airhead!" 
Gohan teased his future student.
Future Trunks playfully punched him as they flew high above the trees.
"Well, at least this alerted us to the existence of this thing. Who knows what 
evil could be here. We don't need any more enemies, that's for sure."
"Yeah, three androids and a weird guy that sucks people out of their clothes is 
enough, isn't it?" quipped Gohan.
"Hey, Gohan, it looks like there's a small farm over there. Lets go check it 
out. Maybe they know where Bulma is."
"Right"

The pair descended upon the three forms below, unaware of the power held by the 
two Juraian nobles and the space pirate. 

"Lord Tenchi, get back! Someone's coming!" hissed Aeka.
"Don't worry, Tenchi, I'll protect you!" cried Ryoko as she lunged at Tenchi, 
grappling him to her and eliciting a very negative response from Aeka.
"Get your filthy hands off Tenchi, you beastly hussy!"
"Oh yeah! You spoiled brat!"
"Girls! Stop it! They're coming!"
Both stopped arguing as the taller of the two warriors descended and approached 
them.

"Hi, I was wondering..."
"No, you cannot destroy Tenchi! Whatever reason you're here for, he's mine!" 
yelled Aeka as she raised her shield.
"Just for the record, Tenchi is mine, and I can protect him better than you, 
princess!" snapped Ryoko.
"Girls! Girls, please stop!" cried Tenchi.
"I'm not after Tenchi, whoever that is."
"Oh, good, then you may go unharmed. As first princess of Jurai I welcome you 
and your companion." Aeka slightly bowed her head in acknowledgment.
"Well, um, I was wondering if you could tell me where someone is?"
"You're from the tear, aren't you?" said Ryoko. 
"Yes. I wa..."
"Hey! First I have some questions. Who are you and how did you find the tear?"
"I'm Trunks, super saiyan. We were following someone here..."
"Who's your friend?" Ryoko asked with a great deal of force, although she was 
busy trying to figure out a way to rub against Tenchi without losing her 
piratesque stance. Aeka fumed, grabbed a hunk of Ryoko's hair and tried to pull 
her off of Tenchi. Ryoko just laughed, her arms in a vice-like grip around 
Tenchi.
"Why you! Leave Lord Tenchi alone!" Aeka wailed.
"Hey, stop it you two! Trunks Super Saiyan is trying to tell us who his friend 
is!" Tenchi tried to pry Ryoko off as he listened to Trunks.
"Well, um... Oh, yeah... That's Gohan."
"Just Gohan, eh? Maybe we should meet this Gohan..." Rykok said as she glanced 
up at the hovering boy.
Trunks motioned Gohan over, and he slowly descended.
Bulma chose that moment to scream.

The five warriors; Tenchi, Ryoko, Aeka, Trunks, and Gohan ran into the house.
Bulma was running in circles in front of Washu's lab, screaming that she wasn't 
going to let Washu stick 'that' 'there'.
Once she saw Trunks and Gohan she ran over to them, clutching little Trunks. 
"She's crazy! Oh my gosh! Hey... where have you two been? I called you guys over 
seven hours ago! I can't believe you people! The least you boys could have done 
was hurry up a little!"
"But Bulma! We searched all over! Only a few minutes ago did we find the rip 
thing that you came through!" cried Gohan. No one would accuse him of being 
lazy!
"That's no excuse! Little Trunks could have caught cold! Then what kind of a 
future would you have Trunks, huh?"
"But mom, I mean Bulma, we really tried to get here fast!"
"Well, okay. And you should call me mom, Trunks! That's what I am!" smiled 
Bulma, all hostility forgotten
"EEEEEEEEEeeeewwwww! Trunks did a stinky! I'm gonna need to change him, do you 
think you could help me Sasami?" cooed Bulma.
"Uuuuuuuuuhhhhhhh..."

By now, everyone was entirely confused. Trunks AND Trunks? Bulma didn't look old 
enough to have had a kid as old as the obviously adult Trunks, and who would 
give both their kids the same name? 
"Time travel!" yipped Washu happily, "I see, you are this child in the future!"
"Yeah." gulped Trunks.
"Please help yourselves to our home and food!" said a previously unnoticed 
Nobuyuki. He was ogling at Bulma, whome he was obviously attracted to. Tenchi 
groaned at his father's unmannerliness.
"Thank you." said both Trunks and Gohan together.
"Hey, boys, I think it would be a good idea if we stayed here at least until 
tomorrow so that we can figure out what's going on, okay?"
Both Gohan and Trunks nodded hesitantly. Who knows how much time was left before 
the end of their Earth. Yet, if anyone here could help...
"If that is okay with you people." said Trunks.
 "I know! You guys can stay in my lab!" yelled Washu from her doorway.
"Uh, no, the couch is fine..."
   
 THE NEXT MORNING

Trunks and Gohan had slept on the floor, while Bulma and Little Trunks had taken 
the sofa. All three woke to the smell of really great food, courtesy of Sasami.
"Oh, boy! That sure smells good!" Gohan yelled with excitement.
The two saiyans practically ran into the kitchen. 
Bulma, on the other hand, was stuck changing Trunks again.
When Gohan and Trunks saw the huge piles of food on the table their mouths 
watered. No sooner had they sat down to eat with Sasami and Tenchi when a 
thunderous roar could be heard from upstairs. 
"Oh, no! The girls are at it again!" wailed Tenchi.
"Tenchi! Good morning!" cooed a frazzled and sleepy looking Ryoko as she 
teleported through the ceiling, to the shock of the two saiyans.
"Are you fighting with Aeka again?" scolded Tenchi.
"Oh, she was telling me all about how great and wonderful she is, so I flashed 
her to show her what a real woman looks like. She's so boring, Tenchi. Can't you 
make her go away... For me? Then we can get married and have lots of little 
humans!" Ryoko glomped onto Tenchi.
"YOU FLASHED AEKA!?!" screamed Tenchi as his nose bled.
"Yeah, and then she started throwing things at me! She's so mean!"
Tenchi was now flat on the floor covered in the blood that was pouring from his 
nose.
"Oh, you've done it again. You shouldn't tease him like that, Ryoko." said a 
just-woken-up Washu.
Aeka scurried down the stairs, a look of hostility all over her face.
"Really Miss Ryoko. Only a heathen such as yourself would do such a gross act. 
If my breasts sagged as badly as yours, I would never let anyone see me naked!" 
quipped Aeka.
"So that's why you wear a towel when you take a bath." Said an innocent Mihoshi, 
her eyes shining doe-like as she nibbled a cracker.
Ryoko was now on the floor holding her sides as she laughed hysterically at how 
red Aeka was becoming.
Aeka grabbed a rice cake and stormed out, Tenchi not far behind. He was yelling 
and crying, asking her to forgive Ryoko and begging her not to destroy his 
house.
Trunks was tired of watching the group act like a bunch of sadistic elves, so he 
stood and addressed the few Masaki household members left at the table.
"I thank you for your hospitality, but there are things we need to talk about. 
On my planet, there are several evil guys you might want to know about. If you 
could help us defeat these monsters, we would be forever grateful.
"There are three androids and a creature that sucks people into itself in order 
to gain power. So far, the worst one seems to be the latter, Cell. He is trying 
to make himself ruler of my universe."
"He... eewwwww! That's worse than Kagato!" Exclaimed Washu.
"Nothing is worse than Kagato..." Ryoko looked down at her feet, memories 
flooding her mind.
"Hey," said Tenchi, who had just rejoined the group, "We'll help you. Let's all 
go to the tear, defeat these things, and get home in time for dinner!"
"They are not that easy to defeat, but time is running out."
"Let's go!" yelled Bulma.

After a small discussion on their adversaries' weaknesses, Trunks, Gohan, 
Tenchi, Ryoko, Aeka, Bulma, and Washu all set out for the tear.
The small grove from which the four "aliens" had come was quiet and empty. The 
air felt lighter than before, and there was an odd sense of wrongness. 
"Wait, I can't get a reading on the tear!" cried Washu.
"It can't be gone! It was here just yesterday!" wailed Bulma.
"Oh, no..." whispered Trunks as he fell to his knees.
Washu looked up from her instruments, "Lets get back to my lab, maybe I can 
figure out what happened."

WASHU'S LAB

 "I can't find its signature anywhere, guys. It's as if it never even existed. I 
can try to access your dimension here in my lab, but I doubt it will work." said 
a sympathetic Washu.
"Oh! It's all my fault! If I hadn't told you guys to stay we'd be back home now! 
Without you two and my genius, the rest of the guys are doomed!" whimpered 
Bulma.
"I suggest you guys get used to this Earth, I don't think you'll be going home 
any time soon..."


"Are you okay, Gohan? I heard about what Washu said. I'm sorry." said Sasami.
"I just can't believe I won't see my parents ever again. I hardly ever get to 
see my dad anyway. It's so unfair! All of my friends are gonna die if we can't 
get home."
"Would you like to see the forest? It always makes me feel better. Maybe you'll 
feel better, too."
"Okay. Thanks for being so nice, Sasami."
Sasami giggled and blushed.

Bulma was teaching little Trunks how to gurgle out some vowels, when Tenchi 
walked into the living room. He played a bit with Trunks, tickling him and 
poking at him. Bulma told him about her life back on her Earth. She told him 
about Dragon Balls and Saiyans, about the kami's and all the worlds and people 
she had seen. She left out some of the less flattering things, including Vegeta. 
Then Tenchi told her about his life. Bulma felt much better, and by the time 
they were finished talking, Trunks was fast asleep. Tenchi felt as though he had 
made a new friend. He hoped Bulma felt the same way. Leaving to check up on his 
carrot field, Tenchi whistled slightly. 

Ryoko, a bottle of Sake in one hand and a tray of sweets in the other, crept up 
on the slumped over Trunks.
"Hey there! Join me for a drink! I'm tired of drinking with Aeka and Nobuyuki. 
You look like you can handle yourself!"
"I don't drink." said a startled Trunks.
"Hey, never too late to start! Takes all your troubles away!"
"Well... then again... I was training before... okay."
So the two drank deep into the night, singing old drunkard songs and scaring 
little animals away as they noisily boasted about how many things they'd killed.

***
Sasami slept fitfully, a vision of evil behind her closed lids. She was afraid, 
Tsunami was afraid... There would be a reckoning, and someone would die.



Thanx for reading my little fan fic. If you liked it send me some happy e-mail! 
Likewise, if this really makes you mad and it must be stopped, feel free to 
criticize, I'm used to it.
 You can e-mail me at: j_delight@hotmail.com
Please say something like "About Fan Fic" or just write the title of this fic in 
the subject line so I don't think your e-mail is spam.
Ideas are always welcome.


**Edited from original version (posted 11-27-2000) on 2-21-2001**
