"Every Need for a Masquerade"
Tenchi Muyo in the World of Darkness
 by Magus the Dark
 e-mail: magus_the_dark@hotmail.com, magus@big-brains.com
 C & C welcome

Of course, I came up with neither Tenchi Muyo nor the World of Darkness. All
appropiate copyrights apply.


		   Chapter 4: Vampiric Politics

	Tenchi, Sasami, and Mihoshi did not return until nearly
9 o'clock. Their tale is fairly mundane. However, Otto was about
to get a surprise. When one is 2,000 years old, one does not
get surprised every day. When he awoke at 5:25 PM, he saw Yosho
meditating. He let Yosho alone and headed toward the house.

	Ryoko was attempting to cook, and Aeka was in the tub. 
Washu was off in her lab, doing the Washu-like things she does.
Ryo-Ohki was eating carrots on the table. Otto saw the
odd cabbit and approached her. 

	"Hello? What have we here? Are you eating carrots?"

	"Miya!"

	"My, you are rather adorable. I know a friend who would
love to have a pet like you."

	"Miya?"

	"That's right! He's an artist. You'd be the perfect
thing to get him out of his funk. So, who do you belong to?"

	"Miya? Miya miya miya miya miya!"

	"Ha ha ha! Quite true, I suppose. So, are you a cat or
rabbit?"

	"Miya!"

	"Cabbit? Are you natural or some sort of algamation?"

	"Miya, miya miya miya. Miya! Miya!"

	"I see. I haven't seen you before. Where you just made?"

	"Miya! Miya miya miya miya."

	"Oh! I see! Well, I apologize."

	"Miya. Miya?"

	"Oh, of course!" Otto went and got the carrots. "Boy, am
I glad that I've drained a vampire who can speak to animals,"
Otto thought to himself. "Well, what is your name?"

	"Miya!"

	"Ryo-Ohki you say? Well, enjoy these carrots."

	"MIYA!"

	"Don't mention it. Where is everyone?"

	Ryo-Ohki proceeded to miya repeatedly.

	"I see. So why is Aeka in the tub?"

	"Miya miya miyaaaaaaaa," said Ryo-Ohki sadly.

	"Really? Well, looks like I missed it."

	"Miya."

	"I can imagine. Well, do you know when the others will
be home?"

	"Miya? Miya."

	"Okay, don't worry about it. I don't expect you to see 
into the future, Ryo-Ohki. You are just a cabbit."

	"Miya? Miya!" Ryo-Ohki said with a bit of attitude.

	"What do you take me for, little cabbit?"

	"Miya!" Ryo-Ohki challenged him and ran outside.

	"Very well," Otto followed her out the door.

	Within moments, Ryo-Ohki was charging in the door
towards the table. Otto followed in, looking impressed. "I
apologize for doubting you, Ryo-Ohki."

	"Miya, miya!"

	"Thank you!" Otto scratched Ryo-Ohki's head.

	Suddenly, smoke poured from under the kitchen door. Otto's
eyes went wide. Where there's smoke there's fire, and fire gives
vampires the idea to run away at top speed. However, Otto,
being as old as he is, kept his cool and ignored it.

	"Miya?"

	"Well, I'm a pyrophobic."

	"Miya. Miya!"

	"Ha ha ha! That's great. Positively hilarious. I must
admit that I agree, from what I've seen."

	"Miya?"

	"Yes, in fact. It's pretty bad. Then again, considering
their size."

	"Miya."

	"Well, I suppose, but it usually doesn't work. I need eye
contact for that."

	"Miya?"

	"Yes, I do."

	"Miya."

	"I agree completely. After all, today I saw a cabbit become
a 'star ship,'" Otto said, his star ship said in German.

	"Miya?" Ryo-Ohki offered a carrot to the pale man.

	"Me? No, thank you. I don't eat stuff like that."

	"Miya?"

	"Blood."

	"Miya??"

	"Yes, indeed."

	"Miya. Miya miya miya miya!!"

	"Ha ha! You would be just a little snack for me. Besides,
I'd have to live with myself."

	"Miya."

	"Well, I would have about half the Toreador clan gunning
for my head."

	"Miya?"

	"Oh, they're artist types. Every last of them."

	"Miya...miya miya miya!"

	"Okay, I see no problem with it."

	Otto sits down on the couch, and Ryo-Ohki hops onto his lap.

	"Miya," Ryo-Ohki complained.

	"Well, you be undead for 2,000 years and see how warm you
are!" Otto chuckled.

	Otto concentrated a little and used some of the blood he
drank recently, and generated heat in his body. Ryo-Ohki then
relaxed with a soft "Miyaaaaaaaaaa" as Otto scratched behind
her ear.

	Otto pet Ryo-Ohki a little, then turned on CNN. He would
watch it until Ryoko had supper ready. He felt that something
big was about to happen. Otto just didn't know what.

	Ryoko, covered in soot, emerged from the kitchen. She set
down a charred piece of -- something. She brought out several
such blackened food-like products. She smirked at the food, and
headed into the bathroom. She returned alone, muttering "Bitch.
She can't cook any better."

	Ryoko sat down and began picking at her food. Ryo-Ohki's
eyes got a little wide when looking at the "food," and Otto
simply chuckled. Ryo-ohki turned to Otto and said, "Miya?"

	"Sorry, Ryo-Ohki. That's not for you to concern yourself
with."

	"Miyaaa?"

	"No, Ryo-Ohki. Please stop asking," Otto increased his
emotional prescence toward Ryo-Ohki.

	"Miyaaaa," Ryo-Ohki swooned.

	Ryoko soon was staring starry-eyed at Otto when Aeka
walked in.

	"Ryoko? Fallen for our new guest?"

	"Ummm-hmmmm," Ryoko said dreamily.

	"So, you don't want Tenchi anymore?" Aeka asked 
hopefully.

	"Who?" was the dreamy response.

	"I can't believe this!! This is the day I've been
dreaming of!" Aeka thought.

	"What the hell am I saying?? I'm handing Tenchi over to
that bitch! Come on, girl, snap out of it! This Tokugawa isn't
a good-looking stud, after all!" Ryoko thought.

	"Speak for yourself, Ryoko! This guy is wonderful!"
Ryo-Ohki thought to Ryoko.

	"Ryo-Ohki!! Get out of here! Get away from him!"

	"I don't think so, Ryoko. I like him."

	Ryo-Ohki began rubbing Otto's leg, miyaing quitely. Aeka
chuckled, "Well, Ryoko, since you don't want Tenchi, I suppose
that I can have him, then!"

	"Do you two have dinner done yet?" a voice spoke up from
a certain lab, "I'm starving."

	Washu walked to the table and looked at the "food." She
turned toward Aeka and Ryoko, "You know girls, it might help
if you served the meat when you barbecue. The briquettes aren't
nearly as tasty."

	Aeka simply scowled, "I had no part in the creation of
dinner. The entire blame falls on Ryoko."

	Washu expected Ryoko to fire back, but was caught off
guard as she saw what Ryoko doing. Washu cocked an eyebrow,
"Ryoko? I've never known you to go after anyone but Tenchi."

	Otto chuckled to himself, and turned down the intensity
of Ryo-Ohki's emotions. This in turn affected Ryoko likewise.
She jumped up and gasped Aeka by her kimono. "Bitch!" Ryoko
screamed, "I'll never give Tenchi over to you! I care too
much for him!"

	Aeka shoves Ryoko away. "Don't try that again, Ryoko!
You will not last very long!"

	Ryoko merely laughed as Aeka stormed from the room out 
the door. Otto nodded knowingly and followed. Washu looked
down at the charred substances. "I think I'll just have some
instant ramen," the great genius said, stalking back to her
lab. Soon, Ryoko was left by herself, with Ryo-Ohki.

	"Ryo-Ohki, come here."

	"Miya?" Ryo-Ohki did her best to look cute.

	"Don't think that I succumb to your cuteness. You made
a small mistake with Otto. You know better than to do that to
me."

	"I'm sorry, Ryoko. Something came over me!" Ryo-Ohki
thought.

	"Yes, well, don't do it again, Ryo-Ohki. You nearly
ruined me there."

	"I'm sorry, Ryoko."

	"I suppose I'll forgive you. _This_ time," Ryoko chuckled
to her cabbit. They both knew that Ryoko wouldn't do anything
to her spaceship. After all, a replacement might involve staying
with Washu for extended periods of time. If there was one thing
Aeka and Ryoko could agree on, it was, "Stay out of Washu's lab
unless absolutely necessary."

			*			*			*

	The mood outside was more sombre. Aeka sat there, steaming a 
bit. Otto stood behind her, nodding slowly. "Aeka, it doesn't have
to be this way."

	"What do you mean, you stranger?" Aeka demanded of him.

	"Ha ha, foolish girl. You two both so desperately desire Tenchi.
You would not insult me like you do if you knew what I could do. I
believe you saw what Ryoko was doing."

	"Yes, she seemed completely absorbed with you."

	"It is but a taste of my power. I do more -- much more."

	"Really? And how would you be able to do this?"

	"Aeka, you are not from Earth. Have you never met a race that
could do what I do?"

	"You have a point."

	"Precisely. Now, I'd be happy to remove Ryoko from the running
and perhaps even gravitate Tenchi's feelings towards a more than 
platonic relationship with you."

	"Really? And in return?"

	"Ah, yes, what in return? Well, Aeka, I live for a very long time.
I am certain that I will think of something. It won't be an extravagant
cost, don't worry."

	"Even an outsider should have as much honor."

	"Yes, I do. I am less of an outsider than you think, however. So,
have we a deal, Aeka?"

	"Give me a moment's thought, Otto."

	"Very well," Otto stood and went to the kitchen door, entering.
Soon, he came back, carrying a bottle.

	Aeka sat, staring at the water. She was so lost in thought that
she did not notice Otto corking the bottle, pouring the red wine, nor
adding a special ingredient.

	"Aeka? What is your decision?" Otto demanded.

	"Otto, you aren't going to hurt Tenchi, are you?" Aeka asked in
earnest.

	"Why would I do that? Besides, I owe Yosho a little favor. I'm
returning it as we speak."

	"What was the favor? To bring Tenchi and I together?"

	"That very well could be, Aeka. I'm not gonig to hurt any of Yosho's
blood for as long as I am bound to him. I'm not bitter about it; he saved
my life. He didn't even know that I owed him until I alerted him to the
fact. So, Aeka, are you prepared to make a deal?"

	"Yes, Otto. Anything for Tenchi."

	"Very well. Drink this."

	Otto handed Aeka a goblet full of red wine. She drank, tasting an
odd tang. "Something has been added to this wine!" she hissed, 
"dishonorable pig!"

	"Silence, dear Aeka. I added that so you might so knock Ryoko about
the room. Go ahead and try it."

	"Really? What kind of drug is it?"

	"The worst kind, Aeka. It is power that I added. Highly addictive,
highly destructive. However, no man-made chemicals were added."

	Aeka looked at him curiously for a moment, then headed toward the 
house, determined to give Ryoko and piece of her mind. She was halfway
to the house when a voice called out from behind.

	"Aeka! Never forget your oath taken by drinking the wine! Break
your end of the bargain, and you will pay dearly," Otto's voice coldly
warned.

	Aeka simply nodded, and went to go give Ryoko a good knuckle 
sandwich.

	Otto watched as Aeka went into the house, and stared back out across
the water. Far away, howling could be heard. Otto tensed a little at
the howling, but relaxed as he remembered where he was. Yosho made it
clear to the wolves that they were not welcome those 370 years ago, when 
Otto stayed one decade before the shogun closed the country, whereupon Otto
fled. He doubted that they were welcome now.

	"I ought to toss you to those fiends," a voice behind Otto said, 
"You should give more respect to a host and his honored guest."

	"Yosho, would you not like to see Tenchi settle down?"

	"Hmmmm, perhaps. However, you could have made a better choice."

	"Truly, Yosho? To be honest, I think that I could comb this world
and not meet a woman better suited for my current needs."

	"Otto, you and I haven't seen each other in, let's see, 360 years.
However, if you mean to say that you have joined the Black Hand during
your absence, I will kill you now."

	"Yosho, settle down! No, I have not joined the Black Hand! However,
I did want to add to my progeny. After all, the Black Hand gains power.
More potent blood is needed if I wish to save the Camarilla."

	"Otto, do not bother me with such tomfoolery. I never cared for the
political machinations of your kind. However, I understand that the Black
Hand is a vicious group. At least your kind keeps its evil under wraps.
However, I do not wish for you to destroy my household. Those girls do a
fair job enough without your help."

	"Yosho, you are my friend! I am trying to help you get rid of some
of these girls."

	"Not now, Otto. Perhaps in 10 years, but not now."

	"Living with humans too long has put you in a rush! I do not intend
to stay merely a year. When I am prepared to go, Tenchi will be willing
for me to remove the other girls."

	"So you are going to honor your deal with Aeka?"

	"Of course! To renege on a contract with a mortal would simply be
in bad taste."

	"Ha ha ha, you have a point, my cadaverous friend. I think I might
still have a bit of the 'special' sake you like so well."

	"Mmmmm, 'special' sake."

	The two laughed all the way to the door, when Yosho turned toward
Otto and chuckled, "It's nice having you back. You bring with you old
memories."

	"Like when I scared the piss out of the shogun's soldiers when
they came to collect the tax?"

	"Ha ha, you remember it too? Bear in mind that I did my share!"

	"Of course you did, Yosho. We couldn't stop laughing for weeks!"

	"That's right! I remember how you brought me the one who was to
be my bride."

	"Of course! However, you saved my life many times then, and I still
owe you one more favor."

	"By coming back, you have honored it. You have reminded me that I
am still virile as ever."

	Otto nodded. "I made a good choice with your bride. She also fit 
my plans perfectly. You were very suspicious of her, but if Tenchi is
evidence, you two got along quite well!"

	The two old beings laughed uproariously as Otto nudged Yosho. They
went in to enjoy a few bottles of sake.


				End Chapter 4

