"Every Need for a Masquerade"
Tenchi Muyo in the World of Darkness
 by Magus the Dark
 e-mail: magus_the_dark@hotmail.com, magus@big-brains.com
 C & C welcome

Of course, I came up with neither Tenchi Muyo nor the World of Darkness. All
appropiate copyrights apply.

			Chapter 3: Ryoko and Aeka

	Otto slept well that day; Yosho still had the room
that Otto used when he spent a decade with Yosho. This
time, Otto wanted to stay longer if at all possible. 
Trustworthiness was not an easy commodity to come by at
any time, but an ancient and honorable warrior such as
Yosho made a great ally. Otto could see in Yosho's aura
that the two were great allies. 

	In bed, Otto was still lost in thought. "Hell, if 
my fellow Kindred have a problem with me allying myself 
with a Jurain prince who has seen all of civilization 
grow, they can try to bring it up with me. I am not 
called a Methuselah for nothing. A mere 5 places from 
Caine, the first vampire and murderer of Able, apparently 
means still something; to be a 'grandchild' of the 
mythical Antediluvians causes great respect, even in this
time. I must continue to learn of the new ways and ensure
that I still have money. From what I was told, I am
still not certain if my company did well. I took a tip
from some technomancers and began gearing up my factories
for a horseless carriage and bought some more factories 
in order to help build a flying machine. However, my
companies were overrun. Then again, it is all my property
that the factories are on. I'll have to look into it."

	Otto was about to fall asleep as Tenchi was 
awakening. He begged the gods above to allow him to
survive the upcoming week-end. "As many times as I ask,
one would think that God would have a standing order. Oh,
to have a situation like Keiichi. There is a guy who has
no troubles compared to me," Tenchi chuckled to himself
as he got dressed in casual attire.

	Ryoko wasn't sick at all in the morning. She was
down for breakfast, and sat next to Tenchi as usual. Of
course, Aeka took her position next to Tenchi as well.
However, Tenchi was uneasy. He saw Grandpa go up with that
odd Tokugawa. Now, Grandpa was not at breakfast. He 
mentioned to the girls that he was going to check on the
old man. He got up and headed for the door. Aeka followed
him dutifully. Ryoko was about to phase out when Washu 
stopped her in order to run through test results.

	Up at the shrine, Tenchi saw that his grandfather
was still asleep. Tenchi asked him to wake up. Suddenly,
a wooden sword was underneath Tenchi's chin. "Be careful
not to fall for an enemy's trick," the old man chided.

	"Grandpa! I was concerned when you didn't come to 
breakfast."

	"You thought that Tokugawa did something to me,
right?"

	"How do you know him?"

	"Never mind that. I want you to buy him some new
clothing."

	"Clothing? But how will I afford it?"

	"Tenchi, don't underestimate our friend."

	"His name is not Tokugawa, is it?"

	"Very good. Tenchi, you are mature enough not to 
spread secrets. I want Aeka's word that she will not 
reveal his true name."

	Aeka spoke, "I will not, Yosho."

	"Very well. His true name is Otto von Heinrich. He
comes from Germany. He is also incredibly wealthy."

	"What does he own, Grandpa?"

	"Certainly you've heard of Boeing and Volkswagen?"

	"Of course I have!"

	"He has part ownership in both."

	"Oh, my. Well, I shall be certain to buy him the finest
in fashionable clothing."

	"Tenchi, thank you."

	"No problem, Grandpa!"

	Tenchi turned and started to walk out. Suddenly, the 
all-too-familiar wooden sword was held at his neck.

	"Never turn your back to an enemy, Tenchi."

	Tenchi rolled his eyes, and took the sword from his
grandfather. "I will see you later, Grandpa."

	Yosho nodded, walking Tenchi walk down the stairs back
to the house. "I offered to pay for his clothing, but Otto
insisted. I wonder how long he is going to stay. Not too
long, I would imagine. He has many business affairs to take
care of," Yosho thought to himself.

			*			*			*

	Back at the house, Tenchi came to a realization: he
knew absolutely nothing about fashion. Aeka had good taste,
but was too traditional. If he let Ryoko pick out the 
clothing, Otto von Heinrich may end up wearing leather and
chains. Sasami had good taste, but was rather young yet to
choose good men's wear. That left Mihoshi, because there was
no way that Tenchi was going to let Washu choose clothing. 
He would take Sasami as well, between the three, they should
be able to find fashionable clothing.

	"Mihoshi, would you like to go to the mall today?"

	Mihoshi was snacking and watching cartoons. It was a
most interesting anime about a red-haired girl with a little
too much magical power and her misadventures with her small
group. It was called something like "The Killers." Mihoshi
turned toward Tenchi and smiled, "Of course, Tenchi! Just
tell me when you are ready to go!" Tenchi then went to find
Sasami, who was cooking lunch.

	"Sasami! Would you like to go to the mall with Mihoshi
and myself today?"

	"I would love to, Tenchi! But who will make lunch and
dinner?"

	"Well, let your sister finish lunch and let Ryoko make
dinner."

	"Aren't we going to eat here?"

	"No, I thought that we'd eat lunch and dinner while we
were out."

	"Shouldn't you warn your grandfather and Washu?"

	"I think they'll smell it coming."

	They both got a good laugh out of that. Tenchi went to 
get money. He knew that Aeka would understand. It was Ryoko
that he was worried about. He would tell her to stay at the
house. Her politicking with Aeka would ensure that she would
stay home. He was ready to go, when a knocking was heard at
the door, followed by a crash.

	Tenchi ran downstairs, putting his wallet into his 
pocket to see what was the matter. A chauffeur waited at
the door, with a stretch limo behind him. Tenchi nearly didn't
see Aeka lying on the floor, fainted. He helped her awake and
led her to the couch. "Are you okay, Aeka?"

	"Yes, but why is there a stretch limousine outside?"

	"I imagine that Otto wanted me to ride in style."

	"Tenchi, please be home soon."

	"Don't worry, Aeka. Don't argue too much with Ryoko," he
said with a smile.

	"Have a good time, Tenchi."

	"Have you seen Ryoko? I must speak with her."

	"She's in Washu's lab, Tenchi," Aeka responded flatly.

	"Thanks," Tenchi headed toward the door to Washu's lab
and entered.

	He found Ryoko attached to a table, with Washu running
various tests. "Umm--Ryoko? I'm going to the mall with 
Sasami and Mihoshi-"

	"I'm sorry, Tenchi, Washu is running tests on me now, I
can't come with you," Ryoko said sadly.

	"It's okay, Ryoko. Maybe next time you won't be busy.
Please get along with Aeka, Ryoko. I mean it."

	"I'll do my best, Tenchi."

	"I'll see you later!" Tenchi called as he went out the 
door.

	Sasami was dressed in street clothes, Ryo-Ohki perched
upon the girl's head. Mihoshi was still on the couch. Tenchi
walked over to her, playing out the conversation in his head.
It went exactly as planned.

	"Mihoshi? Are you coming?"

	"Coming? Where are you going?"

	"You don't remember?"

	"I'm sorry, I forgot."

	"We're going to the mall, remember?"

	"Oh, that's right! I'm coming!" Mihoshi hopped off the
couch and began to walk to the door.

	"Where are you going, Sasami?" Mihoshi asked.

	Sasami giggled, "I'm coming along with you and Tenchi!"

	"Wonderful! This'll be a lot more fun than -- than --
doing whatever it was that I was doing!"

	Tenchi just nodded, and led Mihoshi and Sasami out the
door. He waved to the chauffeur, who opened up the door for
them.

	"Tenchi, is a big movie star here?" Mihoshi asked.

	"That limo is for us, Mihoshi. Courtesy of Tokugawa."

	"Wow! Is he a big star?"

	"I really don't know, Mihoshi. I really don't know who
Tokugawa really is."

	Tenchi turned and saw Aeka looking at him. He waved to 
her and smiled. She smiled back, and went inside. The three 
climbed into the limo. Ryo-Ohki, seeing that it would be 
transported elsewhere if it stayed perched on Sasami, hopped
off and skittered away. Sasami shrugged as they took off for 
the malls. Ryo-Ohki would be there later.

			*			*			*

	Aeka finished lunch and ate with Ryo-Ohki as her only 
companion. Tenchi didn't even ask her if she wanted to go. 
Undoubtedly it was a ploy to keep Ryoko here. "But why do I 
have to suffer so? I try to be the good one. Well, Otto does 
have a lot of money, and soon he'll have the looks. Maybe I 
should have a few words with him. I want to be with Tenchi. 
I'll speak with him this evening," she made her up mind and 
spoke it. Ryo-Ohki looked up from the carrot that Aeka gave
her. Aeka looked at Ryo-Ohki and pet her a little. "You are
so cute, Ryo-Ohki. Just like my little sister. You aren't
like Ryoko. I'm just curious about something, how do you
stay up on my little sister's head?"

	Ryo-Ohki cut loose with a "Miya!" and scrambled on top
of Aeka's head to demonstrate. Aeka giggled, "You are quite
silly, Ryo-Ohki. Cute, but silly. Now, finish your carrot.
I cleaned it especially for you."

	Ryo-Ohki happily miyaed and leapt down onto the table.
She proceeded to eat the carrot, miyaing happily to herself.
Aeka continued to pick at her food, and finally decided that
she wasn't going to eat anymore. She took her plate and cleaned
it, putting it away. She knew that tonight she'd have to get
a delivered meal. Not even Mihoshi would touch Ryoko's food.
Aeka went and sat down on the couch, picking up her novel.
Ryo-Ohki skittered up, looking for a little attention. Aeka
put down the book and began petting Ryo-Ohki. "I wonder who
can claim you as a pet? Washu made you, Ryoko owns you, and
Sasami loves you. Which is it? Or do you simply love everyone
who takes care of you?" Aeka asked Ryo-Ohki, who simply
miyaed contently.

	So enough, Ryoko emerged from Washu's lab. She looked
positively exhausted. She began to eat the food that sat out 
on the table, and commented, "This food is delicious. You
have one hell of a little sister."

	Aeka chuckled, "Sasami just started it, I did most of
it."

	Suddenly, Ryoko half-choked. "You? Ha ha ha! You can't
make instant ramen!"

	Aeka scowled and began to clench her fists, then 
remembered the cabbit in her hands. She relaxed her hands
and continued to pet Ryo-Ohki. "Well, Ryoko, we'll see how
you do with dinner tonight."

	Ryoko half-gagged again. "T-tonight?"

	Aeka nodded solemnly, "Tonight."

	Ryoko swore a little to herself, then noticed the cabbit
in Aeka's hands. She turned a minor shade of red and said, 
"Ryo-Ohki! Get away from that awful woman!"

	Aeka frowned. "Your pet can make up her mind, Ryoko."

	"Quit petting my spaceship so roughly!"

	"Roughly? I am a delicate princess, unable to do
anything roughly. Ryo-Ohki is enjoying this. Right, Ryo-Ohki?"

	"Miya!"

	"You see, Ryoko? Ryo-Ohki is enjoying this greatly!"

	"Aeka, don't fool yourself. My telepathic with Ryo-Ohki
allows me to tell that she is under duress whenever you touch
her."

	"Ryoko! That is an outright lie! Ryo-Ohki, do you wish
me to continue?"

	"Miya! Miya!"

	"See there, Ryoko?"

	"Aeka, you are a fool. Ryo-Ohki is loyal to me. Watch as
I get her to run to me."

	Ryoko called Ryo-Ohki, who suddenly escaped Aeka's hands
and charged over to Ryoko, who had a carrot in her hand the
entire time.

	"Ryoko! You have cheated!"

	"What are you going to do about it?"

	"You want to know what I am going to do about it? I'm 
going to let you have your cabbit and take Tenchi as my own!"

	"I'm afraid a carrot won't lure Tenchi to you, nor get
me out of the way."

	"Wait and see, Ryoko. Wait and see."

	"Why you importunate bitch! I will be there when Tenchi
chooses me over you, and you will suffer!"

	"Whore! I'll teach you!" 

With that, Aeka threw her novel at Ryoko, who phased 
over to the couch and began to choke Aeka. 

	"You snobbish bitch, you won't teach me a damn thing.
Instead, I shall teach you!!"

	Aeka clawed the air, and began tearing at Ryoko's face.
However, Ryoko was clearly winning the fight. Aeka began to
feel the effects of oxygen deprivation. Her clawing grew ever
weaker, which caused Ryoko's death grip to grow ever tighter.
"Surrender!" Ryoko growled.

	Aeka weakly shook her head, which infuriated Ryoko. She
clutched even tighter. Suddenly, Aeka got a fresh supply of
adrenaline coursing through her system. Within moments, Ryoko
was clutching the sides of her head after Aeka nearly crushed
her temples. Aeka kneed Ryoko in the stomach and threw Ryoko
off. The Jurain princess stood and rushed out the door, tears
of rage in her eyes.

	Ryo-Ohki looked angrily at Ryoko for a moment, who said,
"What, Ryo-Ohki? She started it. She deserved it."

	Ryo-Ohki did not say anything, just stared angrily at 
her. The cabbit then took off after Aeka.

	Ryoko was in tears herself, "I wasn't going to kill her."
However, only the walls heard her. If they had an opinion, 
they would not say so.

	Aeka sat by the lake, sobbing violently. Ryo-Ohki came
up next to the girl and miyaed quietly, rubbing Aeka. Aeka
turning and, tears streaming down her face, quietly said, 
"Go away, I'm not in the mood to play."

	"I'll leave her alone for a moment. Aeka needs me. I
don't care who started it. Ryoko has no good excuse for 
doing that. I'll handle that matter later. For now, I must
be there for Aeka," Ryo-Ohki quietly thought to herself.

	Aeka sobbed a little more, then apologized to Ryo-Ohki
and asked her to come back. Ryo-Ohki miyaed softly and
cuddled the princess as best a cabbit could. "She truly tried
to kill me, Ryo-Ohki," Aeka said to the cabbit.

	Ryo-Ohki just miyaed quietly and listened.


			End Chapter 3