"Every Need for a Masquerade"
Tenchi Muyo in the World of Darkness
 by Magus the Dark
 e-mail: magus_the_dark@hotmail.com, magus@big-brains.com
 C & C welcome

Of course, I came up with neither Tenchi Muyo nor the World of Darkness. All
appropiate copyrights apply.

Author's note: Careful, Chapter 7 has lemon content involving Sasami.
Don't worry, she retains her virginity and her clothes (I wouldn't 
dare do that to our great kawaii one). 

			Chapter 7: Sasami

	Otto walked out into the living room and chuckled. Suddenly,
Tenchi and Mihoshi focused all their attention upon him. Otto
smiled, and asked, "Is it my style, do you think?"

	Tenchi and Mihoshi simultaneously nodded, neither of them
capable of speech. It was then that Washu stepped from her lab,
a beaming smile on her face. Otto had his back to her. Somehow
he sensed her. "Well, my young technomancer, is this fitting of
an old German prince?"

	Washu was just as dumbstruck as Tenchi and Mihoshi. When
her head finished its foolish bobbing, Otto spun around and
bow towards Washu. He offered his hand, saying, "Otto von
Heinrich, at your service. What may I call you?"

	Washu found herself giving her hand to him, which he took
and softly kissed. She also found herself muttering, "Washu
Hakubi, Mr. Heinrich."

	"No, call me Otto."

	"Then call me Washu-chan," she muttered out. Her rational
mind couldn't believe that the current scenario was playing out.
However, this foe was using something to best her defenses. He
was using tactics that she had not seen before, and was clearly
the victor.

	Otto simply chuckled, "Well, well, Washu-chan! What has
brought you from your laboratory?"

	No longer were all eyes upon Otto. He had given their
attention back to them to do with as they pleased. Right now,
attention was focused on Washu.

	"Well, I have completed my latest invention. It's a 
dimensional folding device."

	Otto simply nodded, as did the others. It was Tenchi
who found the courage to ask, "What does it do?"

	"Well, with it, one can utilize the theories of
higher dimensions in order to fold space-time around
matter, adjusting its properties in terms of relative
positions and temperoal existance."

	Otto nodded and thought, "If she's not a Technomancer
talking about her magick, then I'm a Tzimitze." Otto spoke
up, "What does that mean?"

	Washu chuckles, "It's a time machine/teleporter."

	Otto nodded, "So, how does it work into your Paradigm?"

	Washu looked at him oddly, "Excuse me?"

	"Your Paradigm. The Order of Hermes has a way of Spheres
that organizes magick into 9 classifications of Sphere. Now,
tell me what Spheres you used and your Paradigm, unless you
Technocrats have forgotten that you are truly mages."

	"Listen, Otto. I can get it to work because I am the
greatest scientific genius, not because of some blasted
Spheres or Paradigms. Beyond that, this is hardly magic!
This is real science."

	Otto nodded and shrugged, "I guess being out of
contact with my people for 120 years has meant that I miss
out on certain news items."

	In any other house, that statement would bring gasps
and perhaps somebody fainting. 120 years is quite some time.
In Tenchi's house, 120 years was a drop in the bucket. Earth was
a known colonized planet; the conclusion reached by Tenchi was
that Otto simply came down here like Yosho, but much earlier.
If dormant in stasis for years like this, he could very well have
lived millenia and still look young.

	Just then, Sasami came out with dinner. Tenchi left the
house and soon returned in Yosho. They all concurred to let
Aeka and Ryoko fight it out to the finish, which was Otto's
suggestion. Noboyuki was still in his room. Tenchi knew what
his father was doing, but blocked it out for about fifteen
years to allow him to live his life without that disturbing
following him around. They ate their dinner amongst pleasant
conversation, ranging from Tenchi training to the meal for
tomorrow. After eating, Tenchi retired to his room to study
as he had school the next day. Yosho returned to the shrine
to mediate and sleep. Washu retired to her lab, as she
decided that she must fine tune her device. Mihoshi left to
watch television and partake of more snacks. That left Sasami, 
Ryo-Ohki, and Otto. The little girl wanted to clean up, as she 
was the only one who would. Otto chose to give her a hand.

	Aeka and Ryoko did finish, and they stormed into the
house, and sat down to quickly eat the meal which Sasami
reheated for them. About the same time as the girls finished
their small war, Noboyuki finished "changing his clothes." He
walked downstairs to grab a quick sandwich and then went back
up to his room to work on a design he had in mind. Soon
enough, Ryoko and Aeka both finished their meal, and brought
their plates to Sasami. Aeka was going to ask for a few words
with Otto, but decided to go see what Tenchi was up to.
Unfortunately, Ryoko had the same idea and a much faster means
of arrival. Soon enough, the sounds from upstairs made it
apparent that the two had stumbled upon one another.

	Otto shook his head as he tapped into Ryo-Ohki's link to
Ryoko. Tenchi was being driven away more and more by the war
between Aeka and Ryoko. Of course, Aeka could knock Ryoko
foolish with incredible speed now, but the effects of vampire
blood doesn't last more than a few months. However, Otto saw
that Ryoko was more concerned about defense than before, and 
overcompensated on several occasions. This was allowing Aeka
to strike more often than Ryoko. It was obvious that Ryoko
could not win this fight. Of course, Otto could force them
to love each other, but even that solution would crack one
day. However, Otto decided that he had more pressing issues.
He looked into Ryo-Ohki's eyes, and asked the cabbit to
go try to stop the fighting. Ryo-Ohki scrambled off of Sasami's
head and up the stairs.

	Sasami looked at Otto, her eyes filled with curiosity.
"Why did you do that?" she asked.

	"Sasami, have you ever tried to get Ryo-Ohki to attempt
to break up a fight between Ryoko and Aeka?"

	"Well, no one is able to break up such fights."

	Otto grinned, "I have a way with animals. They do as I 
ask. I simply asked her to break up the fight. She'll do it,
or try until she's exhausted every option."

	Sasami nodded, and went back to cleaning, as did Otto.
He slowly modified her emotions to increase her courage and
warmness toward him. A few more minutes had passed, when 
Sasami turned to the pale man, "How do you do things like
that?"

	Otto looked down at the little girl, and smiled, "Things
like what?"

	Sasami blushed a little, then spoke again, "You can grab
the attention of everyone in the room, you can get people to
do as you ask. You can manipulate people like pawns. You can
do all of this stuff without being obvious. How?"

	Otto chuckled, "I have a lot of power. I can do more stuff,
you know."

	Sasami's eyes widened a little in awe, "Like what?"

	Otto looked at the little girl, and said, "I can give 
people great pleasure, cause them great pain. I can strike
with great force, move with great speed, and absorb huge
amounts of injury without a scratch. I can see into your
soul, or make myself disappear."

	Sasami was dumbfounded, "Wow. What kind of pleasure?"

	Otto chuckled at this. The little girl was still much too
young to lose her virginity, but he was certain that she had
experimented upon herself a bit. "The greatest pleasure that
a human being can feel."

	Sasami thought for a moment, blushed, then said, "Does it have
something to do with how babies are made?"

	Otto thought for a moment, and shook his head, "To many, that
act is the greatest of pleasure. I can provide something greater.
Would you like to experience it?"

	Sasami's eyes flashed fear for a moment, which Otto noticed.
"No, no, Sasami. You will not be tainted in any way from this. I
am a bit old, and you are a bit young."

	Her eyes showed a little relief, but she was still uncertain.
Otto dried his hands, and, looking her in the eyes, placed a hand
upon her face, and caressed her face slowly and with great care.
The fear left her eyes, replaced only by anticipation. He turned
her head to the side and bit into her neck, giving her the Kiss.

	Sasami's young body convulsed a little in sheer pleasure. It
was all her young prepubescent could do to simulate the orgasm
that was supposed to occur. Every cell in her brain's pleasure
center was going off, and she barely breathe for the pleasure.
Otto took in just enough blood to maintain his body for the night,
as to avoid anemic symptoms in the little girl. He found it
hard stop himself, though. Her blood was sweet and young. He
spent his time, savoring every drop of the blood he took in,
prolonging her ecstasy and his. Her body continued to attempt
to orgasm, but failed each time, as Sasami was still too young
for the correct processes to take place. However, that fact did
not detract from her total and utter pleasure. However, Otto
took only what he needed, and released his Kiss. He then licked
the bite wound, which instantly closed, leaving neither bruise
nor mark.

	Otto finished up the dishes, and took Sasami to bed. Mihoshi
looked too absorbed in her TV to know what had happened in the
kitchen. However, seeing Otto carrying out Sasami did grab her
attention. She looked over as Otto began to ascend the staircase
and said, "Otto? What's wrong with Sasami?"

	"Mihoshi, the little girl is exhausted, can't you see that?
I'm taking her to bed."

	Sasami clutched Otto tightly, her aura full of happiness,
trust, and love. Little did Sasami know the truth about Otto.
Little did she know the cruelty he had performed throughout
his long life. However, she trusted him greatly, and Otto knew
something that he did not know a millenium ago: One does not
betray trust unless necessary. Few things are worth more than
trust and love, as trust and love will cause people to do
more than money ever will.

	Otto laid down Sasami to rest. He sat in her room for several
minutes, stroking her hair, watching her sleep, and planning his
next step. He had fancied himself a hero once, now he saw himself
as a monster. Yet, he couldn't drag himself out of the room. 
Perhaps there still was hope for an old, cruel monster? He was
brought out of his trance by Aeka furiously storming into the room
and noticing Otto by sleeping Sasami. Yet, she didn't scream.
If the refined and powerful Otto wanted to visit Aeka's sleeping,
innocent sister, then he must have a good and noble reason. To
say anything would insult him.

	Otto noticed Aeka's entrance, and smiled. Sometimes, being
a powerful monster had its advantages. He knew that Sasami would
remember everything, but doubted that she'd tell anyone. "Aeka,
I have to talk to you," the vampire said.

	"A-about what, Otto?" she stammered a bit, afraid that she
might insult the man. Few times did he look so royal, so noble,
and Aeka wasn't going to chance her luck by angering him.

	Otto took her hand and guided her outside. "You are much to
violent with that Ryoko woman."

	"How can I not be? She is crude and selfish!"

	"And I suppose that losing your temper and pounding on her
is refined?"

	"But you don't understand! You couldn't understand."

	"I do understand that it pushes Tenchi away from you, Aeka.
This is your first offense against me. I am trying to complete
your request, and you sabotage me. I do not look kindly upon
that."

	"I apologize, Otto."

	"You may call me Baron von Heinrich now. When with others,
Otto will do. Not here. When we talk, debtor to creditor, you
show respect. Understood?"

	"Yes. I apologize again, Baron von Heinrich."

	"Pathetic dog. Remember that wine you had drunk? Do you know
what kind of power I put in it?"

	"No, sir."

	"I put in some of my blood. My blood can give such power, but
there is a cost."

	"I understand, Baron."

	"I don't think you do. You shall drink of my blood again
tonight. Should you ever drink from me again, you shall be bound to
me, and will forever do my bidding, until the time I decide to 
leave you to die. Not only that, but you will desire to please me,
you will want me to order and use you. Now, you will drink."

	"Yes, Baron."

	Otto changed his left hand so that his nails became claws. He
sliced his right wrist and held it up to her. "Drink until I tell
you to halt."

	Aeka began to drink and continued to drink. The blood burned
her throat, and drinking was sheer torture. She was certain that she
would not be able to handle anymore when he said, "Stop."

	She looked up, and swallowed the last bit of blood in her
mouth. Blood tickled down her lips slowly. Otto's eyebrows went down,
and Aeka dutifully used her tongue to grab the last few trickles.
Otto smiled darkly, and licked the wound he caused upon himself. The
cut sealed up instantly.

	Aeka looked down at the floor, "Are you going to have me submit 
my body to you now, sir?"

	Otto thought for a moment. "Not tonight."

	"Is that all, my lord?"

	"For now. Foul up once more, Aeka, and you will pay the price."

	"Yes sir. I--I'm sorry," she choked up and ran into her room,
tears streaming down her face.

	No, there isn't any hope for a monster.

			End Chapter 7
