"Every Need for a Masquerade"
Tenchi Muyo in the World of Darkness
 by Magus the Dark
 e-mail: magus_the_dark@hotmail.com, magus@big-brains.com
 C & C welcome

Of course, I came up with neither Tenchi Muyo nor the World of Darkness. All
appropiate copyrights apply.


		 		Chapter 9 : A brand-new Viper???

	For Tenchi, school went surprisingly normally, symbolic of the outside 
world. For all they knew, Tenchi's father simply moved out into the country,
and took him along. It almost disturbed him that no one cared enough to get
involved with his life.

	On Washu's table, Otto knew and calculated.

	Tenchi nearly fell asleep in Calculus class. It was surprisingly easy
in coming to him. He was heading to Physics class, and he realized that his
homework was probably greatly incorrect, due to the fact that Washu never
looked at it. He muttered an oath under his breath, and got ready to face
the music. However, he didn't really didn't Washu checking it -- she was too
high up in intellect to be useful. He wished that he had someone who knew
the material without adding in a vast repository of complexity.

	On Washu's table, Otto knew and calculated. His sleep had not prevented
his telepathy since the time that the Magna Carta was signed. He weighed it,
and listened on.

	Tenchi went to Japanese history, then to American history. Both classes
were interesting. Tenchi drew several conclusions from both, and realized the
brillance of both the Americans and the Japanese. His mind wondered to the
Jurain Empire. He did not want all of the duty, but what if he established a
democracy there in place of the Empire? As the future Emperor, he could do
that. He fancied himself a George Washington or a Thomas Jefferson, bringing
democracy to a people who had none before. However, his flights of fancy made
his English teacher rather upset. Tenchi did not mind as much, though. He 
could not see the point of reading this Cold War British book. 1984 was 14
years past, and Big Brother had yet to show up in the real world. Little did
he know that the book could be applied to his daydreams.

	Otto chuckled in his mind. He made up his mind to buy a copy of 1984
in Japanese so that Tenchi may be able to better understand. He saw the poor
mortal reading the book and frequently consulting his translation dictionary.
The poor kid could never understand it that way.

	Tenchi ended his day, gave his farewells to his friends, flirted with
a couple of girls a little, as he was attractive even if he was no Jackie 
Chan or Leonardo DiCaprio. He seriously gave thought to getting a normal
girlfriend for a little while, as to defuse Ryoko and Aeka, as well as for
himself. However, he would never have the ability without a car. With only
Ryo-Ohki and teleportation to go from place to place, he could never get a
normal girl. He wasn't _that_ attractive.

	Otto had been able to wake for some time, but enjoyed Tenchi's mind.
Otto had enough money to buy a private army that could humiliate the United
States, complete with armor and jets, and then buy Tenchi a motorcade with
his own private super-loyal forces guarding him. Otto's progeny had done
well for him, and his kindness kept his progeny from turning on him during 
the years of Otto's long sleep of recovery. Otto would reward his "children"
well. He took only what he needed from them, and if he were to confiscate
and liquidate all of their wealth, he would humiliate Bill Gates greatly.
As it stood, he owned no small portion of Microsoft through a retainer
that was kept immortal by regular drinking of the blood of the "children"
of Otto. Now, he had an in-road to an interstellar empire. Even during his
sleep of recovery, he communicated with his "children" and retainers, which
kept their youth due to the power of vampiric blood. 

	Otto left the lab and used the phone. The phone bill would reveal 
several long distance calls -- Istanbul, London, Berlin, Washington,
New York, Seattle, Cairo, Tokyo, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Mexico City,
Israel, Delhi, Beijing, and Seoul. However, the Masaki's had strangely 
received a $50,000 credit on their phone service, not counting sleazy,
pay-per-minute phone sex services. 

	After he finished speaking in several different languages to many
different people in many different lands, he smiled to the ladies. 
"Washu," Otto began with a friendly smile, "could you teleport yourself
and I somewhere?"

	"I could, but why would I want to?"

	"I need a car, and so does Tenchi."

	"So you're going to steal one?"

	"Of course not! I'm going to pay for it."

	"Is that all?"

	"I swear."

	"Your word has no meaning to me."

	Otto looked angry at that point, and Washu quickly changed her 
tune, heading to her lab. Mihoshi simply looked back and forth between
the two, not saying a word. Ryoko and Aeka were off somewhere, perhaps
together, perhaps not. Sasami was preparing dinner. She heard the deep
German-accented Japanese, and blushed a bit, remembering the night before.

			*			*			*

	The pair went to a luxury/sport car dealership. Given the time of
5:30, and the dealer was looking to close shop for the night. Five
thousand dollars changed his mind quickly. Soon enough, the dealer was
$200,000 richer, and Otto was tossing one set of keys to Washu. Otto
decided that neither of them knew the first thing about driving, but
the theory was simple enough. Although Otto could heft the vehicle and
run back with it in better time, he wouldn't dare lest an army of vampire
hunters be waiting for him at the Masaki estate.

	After consulting with Washu for quite some time about the proper
operation of the vehicle, the two decided that the big pedal on the right
would make thing go, that the little footpad would stop the machine, and
that the lever on the steering wheel needed to go into D in over to move.
It seemed simple.

	The two, along with the cars, suddenly arrived by the house via
Washu's teleportation device. Tenchi had not yet returned home. Meanwhile,
on the back roads, Otto was receiving driving lessons from Yosho. Soon,
the old vampire had learned a new trick, and greatly enjoyed it. Yosho
informed Otto that one more thing was necessary -- a license. Of course,
for a man with Otto's connections, a little piece of plastic was very
simple to obtain. However, Otto was sure that he would see Tenchi's face
when the young man saw the car.

			*			*			*

	"Whoa, Tenchi, when did the bigwigs arrive?" a fellow student asked
Tenchi as the bus pulled up to the path leading to the Masaki house.

	"I don't know. However, that sure is a nice Viper," he replied,
standing to leave the bus.

	"Man, I'd kill for that Porsche."

	"Dude! Who's Viper?"

	"Maybe Tenchi's father is in trouble with the yakusa."

	"I hear he is a wastrel."

	Tenchi barely heard the snippits of gossip amongst the school bus.
He knew that by tomorrow he would a favorite of the Mafia's Godfather
and that the yakuza had hired a hit man after him. "Well, Tenchi, truth
is stranger than fiction," he thought as he stepped from the bus, "If
those people knew that I was an imperial prince of an interstellar
empire, they'd all try to mooch favors off of me."

	The light was nearly gone on this October Monday. Otto emerged 
from the Porsche, a big smile on his face. "So, Tenchi, which one?"

	"Huh?" was the startled response.

	Otto studied him carefully, "Ah, you want the Viper, don't you?"

	"Well, I wouldn't mind having one."

	"It's yours."

	"W-W-WHAT?!" Tenchi nearly fainted upon hearing this.

	"Consider it a gift."

	"I-I-I can't accept something this nice!" Tenchi stammered out.

	"Ridiculous, Tenchi. I'm also paying for your college. I owe
your grandfather big time, and I am paying him back through you."

	"C-C-College??" this was truly too much for the poor lad. He
fainted on the spot.

	Otto laughed, and pulled out some smelling salts that he had
in his jacket for the occasion. Tenchi slowly awoke, and looked up
at Otto. "My Viper?" he asked groggily. Otto nodded, "All yours. Ask
your grandfather, and he will concur."

	Tenchi got up and walked over to his new Viper. The registration
was in his name, and the money for plates and 20 years of insurance
lay within. Tenchi got into his Viper, feeling the leather seats,
checking out the monster stereo system, and saw Otto get into his
Porsche. Otto shouted from his car, "Race ya!" and took off for the
house. Tenchi revved up his car and wasn't far behind.

	The Porshe still made it back first. Otto got out, and waved a
greeting to Tenchi. He pulled up and got out. Otto approached him,
shouting, "Hey, stranger! Long time no see!"

	Tenchi shot an evil eye towards Otto, "Shut up, old man."

	Otto looked at the Viper, "Hey, I'll bet you'll be able to score
big with that car. I bought it with that intention for you."

	Tenchi's eyes widened a little, and he said, "How ridiculous to 
think that I'd want a car to get a girlfriend." The blood tickling
from his nose betrayed him.

	Otto whacked Tenchi on the back, and said, "Let's go inside. I'm
sure you're hungry, and after dinner, I know of a certain scientist
who wants a sample."

	Tenchi began to run, but Otto was _much_ faster and stronger.
Tenchi attempted to burn rubber, but found himself dragged in by
the powerful Otto. Otto entered the house, calling out, "We're
home!"

	Ryoko and Aeka were sitting on opposite sides of the sofa,
careful not to look at the other. Sasami and Ryo-Ohki were in the
kitchen, preparing a delicious meal. Sasami heard the deep German
voice once more, and blushed once again. Mihoshi was watching
television on the sofa, and greeted the pair with a smile. Washu
sat on the sofa as well, reading some Heinlein, she looked and smiled,
"Hi, Tenchi." Few things could strike fear into the heart of Tenchi.
That did.

	However, the entrance of Yosho signified the near-completion of
dinner. Otto let go of Tenchi, who walked over to his Grandfather to
ask a quiet question. When Yosho nodded, Tenchi's face got an odd smile,
and he walked over to the couch. Otto walked over to Aeka, who arose and
silently followed him up the stairs. The group would have found this odd
had Noboyuki not returned home -- on time, if not a little early.

	Noboyuki looked quite happy, "Today, my firm hired an assistant for
me. They suddenly got the money. However, I cannot stay for long. I have
a date tonight!"

	Nothing in the entire universe could have caused more shock than
that fact. Noboyuki continued, "The assistant is quite good-looking and
is in fact attracted to me. I'm meeting her for dinner."

	Even scatterbrained Mihoshi and stern Yosho were absolutely stunned,
even though the old man knew who was behind this. Meanwhile, Otto was
upstairs in Aeka's room, having a "personal conference" with her.

			*			*				*

	Tears streamed down Aeka's face. Otto hit her hard enough to kill
someone of weak stature. She knelt before him, suffering his shouting.
However, no one else could hear this; Otto used a trick he learned from
a hermetic wizard involving a magic circle that acts as a barrier to
sound.

	"I told you to make peace!" he shouted at her.

	"I-I-I-" she began.

	Otto cut her off with a slap that raised a small welt and sent her
sprawling, "SILENCE!" he bellowed. "You expect me to do all this work for
you to ruin? WELL?"

	Aeka slowly got back onto her kneeling position, and shook a little,
some from pain, some from fear. Otto raised his hand as to hit her again,
and she flinched hard. "Answer me," he growled.

	"I-I-I'm s-s-s-sorry," she whimpered.

	Otto made use of his raised hand, this time sending her sailing 
across the room. Otto walked up to her sprawled form and spun her
roughly onto her back. He straddled her, and bared his fangs to her. "Hear
me, now. I do not tolerate failure and excuses. You will not drink of my
blood again tonight. Instead, I will give Tenchi a human girlfriend for
about a year. You will suffer, as he will lose his virginity to her. She
will treat him well, but it will simply not work out. They will remain on
good terms, and you will have to face her for the rest of your life. Do you
understand your punishment?"

	Aeka had already began sobbing. She looked into his eyes, which 
burned of rage. His fangs caused even greater fear within her. She was
paralysed with the sheer terror that she felt.

	"I SAID TO ANSWER ME!" Otto struck her once more, knocking her
nearly into a coma with one slap. He then just smiled, and took her
face into his hand. He began to sensuously lick the wounds, and they were
healed perfectly. However, the mental scars would not be healed. Otto
scowled at her, "I will ask you once more. Do you understand me?"

	She looked at him in fear, "Yes, Baron von Heinrich."

	Otto stood, and looked at her. "We are no longer like debtor to 
creditor. We are now like slave to master. Once more, and you will be 
like an extension of myself, an extra limb."

	Aeka looked down, and said, "You have broken the bargain."

	Otto laughed, and slapped her yet again. He said, "I have done no
such thing! I am merely modifying the details of the bargain. I am doing
precisely my side. Now, the most you can do is hope I don't decide to
change the terms of our bargain any more."

	With that, he left the room, leaving her there by herself. She 
began to cry; he was absolutely correct.

			*			*			*

	The group was still in shock that Noboyuki had managed to get a
date. Washu had calculated the odds of a woman ever having a romantic
relationship with that hentai at approximately 40 trillion to one.
However, the group was wondering about Aeka; as if on cue, Otto stepped
down from the last step. All eyes went toward him. "Aeka has decided to
go to bed early tonight, I think. Poor girl," he smiled as he sat down
on the couch by Mihoshi and Ryoko.

	Then, Sasami left the kitchen to give some very good news. Dinner
was ready. Everyone sat to eat, and Tenchi looked at Otto, "I thought
vampires drank blood. You eat food, too?"

	Otto winced, and all eyes were on him once more; he did not want
them on him at the time. Otto said, "Please don't say the v-word. Use
the word 'Kindred.'"

	However, it was Mihoshi that lightened the mood. "Really? You
drink blood? Does it taste good?"

	Otto chuckled as he looked at Mihoshi, "Depends on who I'm drinking
from."

	Mihoshi blushed a little, and said, "You think I would taste good?"

	Otto smiled, and handed Mihoshi a needle. "Let's find out."

	Mihoshi giggled, and pricked herself, putting a smear of blood on
Otto's finger. He lifted it to his lips, and tasted it as though he was
tasting fine wine. He exaggerated a swallow, and nodded, "Absolutely
scrumptious."

	Sasami giggled, "What about me?"

	Otto smiled, "All youth is delicious. It so full of energy and life.
However, Yosho has nothing to worry about, because old men taste stale!"

	Yosho grinned, "Then you must taste like old French bread, Otto."

	They all got a good chuckle from that. Otto appeared to eat well
that night, although it would be found that he ate nothing at all upon
close inspection. Sasami decided to sit next to Otto, her aura still
filled with trust for the ancient being. Soon, Otto decided to go get
some of "his" sake, which he left all those centuries ago. All in all,
about 10 bottles remained. He selected a bottle at random, and spun
around to see Sasami dutifully standing behind him. Otto bent down
to be on the same face level as her, "Can I help you, Sasami?"

	"Not really," Sasami said, blushing.

	Otto narrowed one eye, "Let me guess. You want to run away with
me."

	Sasami's blush turned brighter, and she averted her eyes.

	Otto picked up Sasami and sat her down on his knee, much to her
apparent delight. "I'll tell you what. I've got some stuff to do here,
but as soon as I am done, I'll get your sister to give us a ship, and
we can cruise the universe together!"

	Sasami's eyes became wide, and cheeks quite rosy. "Really?"

	Otto nodded, smiling, "Now, let's get back to dinner."

	Sasami averted her eyes yet again, but did not move. Her vioce 
was full of worry as she spoke, "But aren't you hungry? I mean, you 
need blood instead of food."

	Otto chuckled, "I'm fine."

	Sasami looked at him, as though trying to tell if he was honest
or not. "Are you sure, Otto? I don't want you to be hungry."

	"I'm not very hungry right now. Thank you for being concerned,
Sasami."

	Sasami blushed and giggled, "It's okay, Otto!"

	"Now, let's go back to dinner before the others worry."

	"All right!" Sasami said as she hopped off his knee and walked
back to the table outside the kitchen, with Otto in tow.

	Otto smiled as everyone saw him being led along by Sasami. She
sat back down and started eating again. Ryo-Ohki scrambled by the
little girl once more, and Otto poured himself a little sake. He did
not drink very much, but joined in the joking once more.

			*			*			*

	As was normal, the dinner was soon finished. Sasami began to
take the dishes to wash them. Otto grabbed Tenchi and dragged him
along to help, much to Yosho's mirth. Ryoko stood up and said, "Tenchi,
come over here with me!"

	Tenchi gave a helpless smile, "I don't have much of a choice,
Ryoko!"

	Otto laughed, "If you want to go be with him so much, come help!"

	To that, Washu cracked up. Her "daughter" was more than a little
angry. She relutantly followed, cursing at Otto the whole way. Washu
continued to laugh, as did Yosho. Mihoshi, not wanting to be left out,
joined in the mirth. Washu ran into her lab, and came out with a
video camera. She snuck up to the door, and began recording Ryoko as
she washed dishes. Sasami dried as Otto and Tenchi put things away.

	They made quick work of the dishes, and Otto went upstairs with
Tenchi. He had to study, and Otto was going to give some assistance.

	Otto produced a book from his jacket. Tenchi saw the title and
groaned. "Otto, I appreciate the gift, but did it have to be this 
book? I'm reading this right now in class."

	"I know, you have complained about it quite a bit. However,
you might find it interesting to read."

	"Come on, Otto. 1984 came and passed when I was about 5. Now
I don't remember any Big Brother or anything like that."

	"Tenchi, you are a prince of the Empire, and first in line for
the throne. This book will serve as a warning to you against the
danger of totalitarianism. Read it, Tenchi."

	"Yes, yes, I suppose. How did you find out that I was prince?"

	"Is it not obvious that you are related to Aeka?"

	"Well, I guess."

	"Listen to me, Tenchi. I can read your mind. You can keep nothing
from me. So, stop questioning my means. I have not come to kill you or
anyone, but I don't want people second-guessing me, okay?"

	"Sure, Otto."

	Otto turned and left the room. He went straight to Aeka's room.
She lay just as he left her, only now tears streamed down her face.
"Get up, dog," Otto said.

	Aeka obeyed, rising to her feet. Otto towered over her.

	"Your Tenchi is in his room doing homework right now. You may
visit him if you so desire."

	Aeka averted her eyes towards the ground. "I cannot interfere with
his duty," she said.

	"I have decided what your favor will be," Otto said coldly.

	"What, hm? Only Tenchi could be worth all of this."

	"Yes, 'what' indeed. I wish to Embrace Sasami."

	"I will not stop an embrace. She embraces of her own free will. I
could not stop if I wanted to."

	"You misunderstand. I want to make her into a Kindred."

	"Wha??"

	"I wish to make her into a being like myself."

	"A vamp-"

	"Don't say the v-word. I am a 'Kindred.'"

	"Either way, doesn't she have to die?"

	"Oh, it's not pleasant at first, but she will be a most powerful
Kindred. The blood of Caine is hardly watered down with her."

	"W-when do you wish to do this?"

	"I would like to do it while she still has this youth."

	"Will she never grow up?"

	"Never."

	"But my parents, and Tsunami!"

	"I don't think a tidal wave is likely to care."

	"No. Tsunami is a space ship, and will protect Sasami."

	"I see. Hmmm, yes. Even if I do Embrace her, it should not cause
interferance with their merger."

	"How do you know of such things?"

	"Because I am very ancient and powerful. Now, I have asked my return
price. If you choose not to accept, then I will be forced to wait a few
centuries to figure out what to do, all the time controlling your life."

	"Very well, Otto! However, if you wish to have her now, you must not
allow Tenchi's first time to be with some Earthlings."

	"That, my dear, is another favor you must ask of me. I have given
him a means of freedom from the everyday house. I will not take his
car away. It is up to you to ensure that he wants to be with you, unless
you wish to enter my debt once more."

	"I have no such intention, Otto."

	"Then I wish you luck, and I hope for your sake that Ryoko does not
make me a better offer than you have."

	"What does that mean?" Aeka demanded.

	Otto waved his hand, and the circle disappeared. He then left the
room, but not before tell the princess that he had told everyone that
she had gone to bed, nor before licking the slap wound that he had 
earlier caused.

	His life was one of true horror; simultaneously he was a kind man
and an evil monster. He had lasted much longer than most of his 
colleagues, but he was still a monster, and was likely to contine to
be a monster until he finally did get killed. He was past saving, yet
not yet completely gone. His was a curious existence.

			End Chapter 9
