tHE dISCLAIMER:  Tenchi Muyo! and the series or events that follow its
        nature is property of AIC and Pioneer.  Metal Gear
        Solid is property of SCEA, Konami, and all them companies
        that made it.  Like, don't sue me for anything and
        stuff!  I'm just trying to have fun!!

Format/Previously:  This is a crossover of Metal Gear Solid and TM/
        Universe.  For those of you who haven't figured it out
        already, I don't have a clue as to the event(s) that
        leads to MGS2: Sons of Liberty (also property of
        Konami).  Basically, I based this directly after MGS
        when Meryl died.
          In the previous episode, as soon as Tenchi, Snake,
        and everyone else entered the living room, Col. Roy
        Campbell, Naomi Hunter, and Mei Ling had everyone act
        out a scene of death.  After heading off for the Galaxy
        Police Station out in space,  bounty hunter Nagi makes
        a sudden visit to the group.  As she was trying to
        warn that the chief, Mihoshi's uncle, was a sellout,
        the chief busts in the room, taking Sasami hostage.
        As it appears, no one can do a damn thing about it...

Summary:  Sasami is taken hostage and the GP have been hijacked! Is it
    possible things could get worse?!

            METAL GEAR: TENCHI
        Episode 4:  Galaxy Police, Hijacked!

Scene:  Mihoshi's old living quarters in the GP Station.

(Mihoshi's uncle has taken Sasami hostage by means of gunpoint.  He
starts to back away with Sasami)
Sasami: Tenchi, I'm scared!
Tenchi: Stay calm, Sasami!
Chief:  SHADDAP!!!  Last warning!  Next time, and the girl gets a third
    eyeball!!
(From out of nowhere, a pissed-off female voice is heard.)
Voice:  You'd use a little girl as a shield?!  Cowardly bastard!
(As the chief is about to turn around, the mystery person shoots at the
Chief.  The momentary stimulus makes the Chief jump, and opens a few
opportunities.  Tenchi rushes over to grab Sasami and pulls her away,
while Snake rushes in and proceeds to kick the holy living s*#t out of
him.  After about a minute or so, the brawl ends.  The Chief with
missing teeth is unconscious, while Snake with sore abs stands strong
over the corrupt Chief.)
Snake: (to Sasami) Are you OK?  (Sasami is seen clutching onto Tenchi)
Tenchi: She'll be fine.  She's a little shook up...
Voice:  I'll take a thanks any second now...!
(Suddendy, the person steps closer to the group.  Although the
emergency lighting is colored red, the brave woman's profile is very
noticeable...She's 5'9", Sapphire hair, flaming ruby eyes, and a
slender frame.)
Woman:  Name's Minagi...Minagi Chere!
Kiyone:  The lieutenant's daughter?!
Minagi:  Yup.  (to Snake) And who's this cute guy here?
Snake: (looks behind him and around...then points at himself) Me?
Minagi:  (with love-starved eyes)Yes...
Snake:  Solid Snake...Snake works the same.
Minagi: Odd name...But it is cute!
Naomi: (pissed) Well, I don't like not having to interrupt you
    lovebirds, but we have a crisis in our hands!!
Snake: Oh, r-right!  What the hell is going on here?!
Minagi:  Well, the Galaxy Police has been hijacked!  Judging by their
    uniforms, I'd say they were Juraian knights.
Ayeka: But why would they do such a thing?
Ryoko: They're Juraians..what'd you expect?
Ayeka: WHHHHHHHY YOOOOOOOOOOOUUUU...!!!!!
Tenchi: That's enough, you two!  We don't have time...
Ryoko: (clutches onto Tenchi) Oh, Tenchi!  See how mean and cruel
       she's acting?!  She's really starting to scare me!!
Ayeka: Hey, you!  Get off of Lord Tenchi!!
(A gunfire is heard in the background.  Everyone turns to see that
Snake fired a shot to get everyone's attention.)
Snake: (pissed) Dammit!  There's no time for this!  We have to think of
       something!
Minagi: (claps her hands) Good show!  What if a guard heard that shot?
Nagi: We have to get out of here.  We can get to the Yagami through
     this shaft.
Mei Ling: What about the Galaxy Police?
Campbell: She's right!
Nagi: We can make a plan for such a mishap.
Ryoko: (still clutched onto Tenchi) Hey!  Why are you helping us?!
Nagi: I'm being hunted down by a student of mine.  He's just as good as
     I am.
Naomi: If we're going back to the Yagami, let's do it now!
(Thus, everyone heads for the Yagami.)

Scene:  The Yagami, where plans are being made.

Minagi: OK, here's the situation: The GP is hijacked, emergency power
    is being used, and there are Juraian guards at almost every
    strategic point in the station.
Snake: How are the guards armed?  What are they carrying?
Minagi: They carry their basic equipment, wooden swords, and they are
    also armed with semi-automatics with napalm grenades.
Campbell: Who's their leader or leaders?
Minagi: There WAS the chief, until Hercules there knocked his punk-ass
    out!  The word is though, it's Azusa...
Ayeka: My father?!
Sasami: But I thought he died a while back!
Mei-Ling: How many floors are there?
Mihoshi: About 50 or so...
Kiyone: They're divided into 5 sectors, so it is 50.
Otacon: Well, we can't send in too many people...Too risky!
Snake: I'll go in...
Naomi: If you're going in, we must get back to Earth first!
Minagi: Why?
Campbell: There's a VERY important piece of equipment back at the
          shrine!
Nagi: We'd better hurry then.  Patrol ships are coming out...
Mei Ling: We'll make every last-minute preparations, then we'll find
      out what's going on!
(Now the Yagami descends to Earth, where Tenchi's home is.  What will
happen now is up to everyone...Whether to stay at home and pray, or
join up for what might be a very difficult journey.  Soon...it will
begin...)
                TO BE CONTINUED...
