the DISCLAIMER: Tenchi Muyo! and whatever came after or whatever
        anything it's based on is property of AIC and Pioneer.
        Metal Gear Solid is property of SCEA, Konami, etc.

Format: The continuation of the Metal Gear Solid and TM/Universe 
    X-over.

Summary: After Sasami was rescued, the enterrouge headed back for 
     Earth.  With no time left to lose, everybody that's going back
     to the Galaxy Police Station must prepare for a nasty battle.
     Otherwise, those that aren't will stay at the shrine.



            METAL GEAR: TENCHI
        Episode 5: The Final Preparations On Earth

Scene: The Masaki Shrine where preparations had started...

(Washu and Otacon are doing maintenance work on the Yagami.  Washu is 
quite active as usual, but Otacon is a bit silent.)
Washu: Hey, you OK?  You look like crap...
Otacon: I'm alright...I just hadn't slept since the withdrawl...
Washu: Two days, huh?  Go ahead and get some sleep while I work on this!
Otacon: Are you sure about that?  Yagami is a rather large ship...
Washu: HEY!  Who d'ya think you're talkin' to, huh?
Otacon: Lemme guess..."The greatest scientific genius in the universe."
Washu: YUP!!  Say it without enthusiasm, and kiss your ass good-bye!
Otacon: ...  Well, I'll go ahead and rest now...
Washu: Sweet dreams!
(Mei Ling comes in carrying some refreshments with her.)
Mei Ling: Thirsty, anyone?
Otacon: (headed off to the house) No, thank you...
Washu: Yeah...I'll have sumthin'!
Mei Ling: (hands the glass of lemonade) Here...
Washu: (downs the glass in seconds) >>BUUUURRRRP!<<  Thanks! (Continues
    working on the Yagami)
Mei Ling: (in a low tone) Dirty little elf!
Washu: What was that?!
Mei Ling: Nothing!

(Meanwhile, Tenchi is helping Dr. Naomi Hunter in the kitchen making
some food similar to C-Rations.  Somehow, the atmosphere seems to be
pleasant.)
Naomi: Wow, Tenchi!  You're pretty good at cooking!
Tenchi: I learned a little from Sasami.
Naomi: For a...what was her age?  Six?
Tenchi: 708.
Naomi: (Shocked)...Seven...hundred...eight?
Tenchi: Yeah.
Naomi: ...Anyway, for a little girl, she can cook very well.  She 
       already helped doing half of what is probably needed on this
       mission.
Tenchi: (sniffs the air for a second) Hey, what's that perfume you're
    wearing?
Naomi: Perfume?
Tenchi: Yeah...Smells pretty good.  I'm just wondering what it is...
Naomi: I'm not wearing perfume...!
Tenchi: !
(Suddenly, Ryoko phases thorugh the wall in front of Tenchi and almost
tackles him.)
Ryoko: Oh, Tenchi!  Don't tell me you're leaving me for Naomi!!
Tenchi: WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT????!!!
(Suddenly, Ayeka enters from another room...Y'all know what to expect!)
Ayeka: Ryoko!  What do you think you're doing?!!!  We're supposed to
       help the Colonel make tranquilizer darts!
Ryoko: Is that so?  Why are YOU wearing that perfume Tenchi was smelling
       earlier?
Naomi: ?  (Starts getting pissed) Would you two cut it out?!  We're 
       trying to WORK!!
Ryoko & Ayeka: WHAT ARE YOU DOING, FLIRTING WITH TENCHI???!!!!!!!!!!
(While this goes on, Kiyone is about to pass Col. Roy Campbell before she
stops to greet him.)
Kiyone: What's up, Colonel?
Campbell: Those two left and there's still a lot of darts to make!
Kiyone: I'm not doing anything right now, so I'll help!
Campbell: Bless your heart!
(As the two start working on the darts, Mihoshi drops by...With a cold.)
Mihoshi: Is there any medicine here?  (Spots the darts) Ah!  Here it is?
Campbell: What?
Kiyone: No, don't!! (Mihoshi has already injected herself with one dart)
    ...Too late.
Mihoshi: (dizzy, and moves around like a drunk) I'm feeling a little
     sleepy...(drops down on the ground) zzzZZZzzzZZZ
Campbell: Well, at least we know the darts will have an effect on the 
      guards...
Kiyone: Until she wakes up, we don't have to worry about her breaking
    anything...
(Meanwhile, Snake and Grandpa Katsuhito are in the shrine meditating.)
Snake: Are the things that those people are doing normal?
Grandpa: Yes.
Snake: ...damn.
(Nobuyuki stops by with a few snacks for Snake and Grandpa)
Nobuyuki: Hey, guys!
Grandpa: Ah...Brought a few snacks, have you?  OK, Snake...Let's eat.
Snake: OK.


Scene: The Yagami's cockpit in Space
 

(Night has fallen, and the preparations are complete.  The Yagami is 
full, carrying the Masaki house, the group, and a hell of a lot of other
things...  Soon, the Galaxy Police Station is in view.)
Minagi: So...it's come down to this, has it?
Nagi: I slept very well yesterday, yourself?
Minagi: Yeah...
Campbell: OK, here's the basic plan: Minagi, you'll take the first 15
      floors; Nagi, you'll take the second 15 floors; Snake will...
Tenchi: (interrrupts) I'll take the third 15...
Campbell: Are you up to it?
Tenchi: (transforms into his Jurai battle armor while activating the
    Tenchi Master Key) I'm pretty sure...
Campbell: Don't do anything stupid...And stay alive.  I don't want to
      have your death on my conscience...
Tenchi: Got it!
Campbell: Then it's final...Snake has the last 15 floors.  There's only
      one codec left, so each floor that you've passed through, 
      contact me at frequency 141.12.  I want you all to meet back
      alive to figure this little riddle of a mission out!
Tenchi: Wait!  I thought Nagi or Minagi knew of what was going on!
Minagi: I dunno why the Chief betrayed the GP!
Nagi: I'm clueless as to why everyone here is being hunted...
Tenchi: Oh.
(The door slides open, and Solid Snake enters, wearing his Sneaking 
Suit, and armed with a SOCOM that's loaded with the tranquilizer darts.)
Snake: So the plans are final...Any objections to them? (all is silent)
       None, huh?  Get ready, then.  We're about to enter enemy 
       territory...There's no turning back.

                                    TO BE CONTINUED... 
