tHE dISCLAIMER, y'ALL:  Tenchi Muyo!/Universe is the product of AIC
            and Pioneer.  Metal Gear Solid is the product
            of Konami, SCEA, an' all o' them.  This story
            wuz made fer fun, an' I hope I don't get sued
            fo' 'dis!!  ^_^

Summary: Solid Snake, Tenchi Masaki, Minagi Chere, & Nagi took their
     positions in the Galaxy Police Department.  Minagi and Nagi
     destroyed some unecessary equipment to make sure the odds are
     slightly evened out.  Snake finds a lone survivor of a
     massacre attack and finds out Tenchi has been captured...




            METAL GEAR: TENCHI
        Episode 7: Tenchi Masaki...Prisoner


Scene: The forensics room


(Snake has just found out Tenchi is imprisoned while talking to him on
codec.)
Snake: "What?!"
Tenchi: "I don't know how, but the guy came from behind and had a gun
    pointed at my head..."
Snake: "Hang in there, kid.  I'm coming to bust you out!  What floor
       are you on?"
Tenchi: "The 35th floor, your area."
Snake: "I'll be there!"^
Amy: What happened?
Snake: One of the people I'm working with's been captured...
Amy: Where is he now?
Snake: He said the 35th floor.
Amy: Oh no...
Snake: What's wrong?
Amy: That place is heavily guarded with security cameras!
Snake: (hears the express elevator door open) ...hide!
(The two duck under a table that blocks the view angle from the 
windows.  Two people enter the room.)
Nagi: Damn.  What a mess...
Minagi: I thought Snake was here...
(Snake recognizes that the voices are Minagi and Nagi.)
Snake: Don't fire...
Nagi: ?
Minagi: Huh?
Snake: It's me...Snake.  (Amy and Snake crawl out from under the 
table.)
Nagi: I brought the weapons.  (hands snake a silenced blaster, a semi-
automatic, a sniper rifle, and five EMG's.)
Snake: (points at the EMG's) What's this?
Minagi: They're EMG's (ElectroMagnetic Grenades).  They can permanently
    disable electronic equipment within the blast radius, including
    yours.  So when you use them, be sure all of your equipment is
    turned off.
Snake: Hmmm...
Nagi: How's Tenchi?  I haven't heard from him...
Snake: ...  He's been captured.
Nagi: What?!
Snake: I'm going to the 35th floor.  I need you two to take Amy to
       safety.
Minagi: OK.  I'm gonna report the actions...
    >>141.12<< "It's Minagi."
Otacon: "What's up?"
Minagi: "I've got good news and bad news...  The good news is that we
    found Snake and Dr. Kadowaki."
Kiyone: "That's good...So what's the bad news?"
Minagi: "Tenchi...Tenchi's been..."
Sasami: "What about Tenchi?!"
Minagi: "Tenchi's been captured..."
Ryoko: "WHAT??!!"  (an argument starts in the background between Ryoko
       and Ayeka) "GO SCREW YOURSELF, AYEKA!! I'M TALKING HERE!!!!"
Ayeka: "What's going on?! Is there a problem with lord Tenchi?!"
(Two shots were heard in the background...) "UUUUUuuuuuuhhhhhhh..."
Minagi: "?"
Kiyone: "Thank God Snake left his SOCOM here with me.  These 
    tranquilizers came in handy!"
Minagi: "Well, it wouldn't have helped if those two got involved and
    did something stupid..."
Campbell: "I agree.  What's the next COA (Course Of Action)?"
Minagi: "Nagi and I are bringing Amy to you guys for her protection.
    Snake is going to rescue Tenchi."
Naomi: "Is he armed?"
Minagi: "Snake should be able to handle it."
Mei Ling: "Tell Snake we said good luck..."^
Minagi: We'd better get going, Amy.
Amy: Alright.  Snake?
Snake: (about to leave) What is it?
Amy: (blushes a little) Ummmm...Good luck!
Snake: (smiles a little) Thanks. (leaves for the prison area)

Scene: A ventilation shaft in the 35th floor.
(Snake see an open opportunity to drop an EMG to disable the cameras.
After he checks his equipment to confirm everything is off, Snake pulls
the pin, opens a grate, and drops the grenade.  After a small 
explosion, the cameras had actually exploded and caught a guard's
attention.)
Guard: (approaching the area where the grenade exploded) What the hell
       was that?!  Aww hell! The cameras are broken!
(Snake drops on the guard and breaks the guard's neck as quikly as
possible.  Just in case there's another guard, Snake activated and
equipped the pistol.  After peeking around the corner to confirm no
more guards, Snake approaches Tenchi's cell)
Tenchi: Snake!
Snake: Are you hurt?
Tenchi: No... I heard a scuffle over there. Was that you?
Snake: It was no problem.  Let's get the hell outta here.  The guards
       probably heard it, too.
Tenchi: OK.
(Snake hands the semi-auto to Tenchi. As the two approached the
elevator, three guards spot intercepted them)
Guard #1: Freeze!
Snake: DAMN!  (pulls out the pistol along with Tenchi for the auto)
       What're you waitin' for?!  Shoot!
Tenchi: (starts firing out of control, a sign that means he's not used
    to the weapon) AAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEE!!!! (kills two
    of the guards while the other three hide)
Snake: Damn, kid!  Haven't you ever used a gun before? (turns to the
       three guards and shot them in the forehead)
Tenchi: No, I haven't!!  The only weapon I've ever used was a sword!
Snake: (hears more guards coming) We gotta go!
(Both head into the elevator to find respite.  The guards that arrived
find nothing more than their comrades dead on the floor.)

Scene: The Chief's office, 50th floor.

(Tenchi and Snake notice there are no guards or cameras in the office.
Snake tries to access the computer in the office to find information.)
Snake: >>141.12<< "This is Snake.  I'm in the 50th floor in the 
       Chief's office."
Amy: "How's your friend?"
Snake: "We ran into trouble, but he's alright."
Campbell: "Excellent, Snake!  Meryl's death hasn't slowed you down one
      bit!"
Snake: "Tenchi's never used a gun before, but he's a tough nut to
       crack."
Naomi: "What's the situation?"
Snake: "I'm using the chief's computer to access whatever files that's
       relevant in this mission...So far I've found a bunch of
       surveilence files in the female's shower area."
Kiyone: (pissed) "Lecherous bastard!  Of all of the..."
Snake: "Take it easy.  I only saw one file and know not to look at 
       anymore of those files."
Kiyone: "..."
Campbell: "Any of the files you see out of the ordinary?"
Snake: "There's one with a password in it.  I'll get back to you guys
       when I break into it."
Washu: "If it's too difficult, I can break into it for you guys."
Snake: "Got it.  I'll call when I'm stumped."^
Tenchi: Does it look like you can bust into it?
Snake: Dunno...  I'll have to try.
(The door opens and the chief draws his gun at Tenchi.  Snake pushes
Tenchi out of the way as the chief pulls the trigger.  Tenchi stayed
unharmed, but Snake is unconscious due to the shock of the bullet
going through his shoulder.)
Chief: Foolish knaves!  Nice going with the guards, but I'm gonna
       kill you sons of whores right now!!
                TO BE CONTINUED...
