tHE dISCLAIMER!:  Tenchi Muyo and its progeny are property of AIC 
and Pioneer.  Metal Gear Solid is property of Konami, SCEA, etc.  I'm 
just trying to have fun writing this fan fic, so don't sue me!

fORMAT:  Metal Gear: Tenchi is a cross-breed of Metal Gear Solid and 
Tenchi Muyo!/Universe.  I'm somewhat naive as to what events that are 
in MGS that takes it to MGS2: Sons of Liberty.  I decided to write 
this directly from MGS if Meryl dies...

Previously:  Snake and Otacon were on an investigation regarding the 
tamperment of a government GPS (Global Position System) satellite.  
Upon arrival at the Masaki residence, Snake and Otacon's cover was 
blown.  Washu had then trapped the two agents in a force globe for a 
few moments, then released them.  Sasami, Ryoko, Tenchi, Washu, and 
Katsuhito had a nice conversation with Snake and Otacon over some tea.  When 
night
had fallen, the entourrage had attended the annual festival.  From 
there, Sasami introduced Otacon and Snake to Kiyone and Mihoshi, where 
Otacon had recognized the two from satellite photos.  Snake and Otacon 
decided not to say anything about the situation.  Hours later, the 
group went back home where Col. Roy Campbell, Dr. Naomi Hunter, and 
Mei Ling were waiting for them, guns and all...


                              METAL GEAR: TENCHI
               Episode 3: No Need For A Stab

Scene:  The Masaki residence where the Masaki household is held at 
gunpoint.


Campbell:  We've been waiting for you Snake...Otacon?
Snake:  Colonel!  What the hell...?!
(Just as Snake approaches them, Campbell, Naomi, and Mei raise their 
guns, ready to fire on the entire group.)
Naomi:  Just cooperate and no one gets hurt!
Mei Ling:  Please!  ...Just don't move!
Ryoko:  HEY!  What do you guys think you're doin?!
(As she advances, Campbell fires a shot at her.  Intentionally aiming 
for Ryoko's shoulder, Ryoko uses her barrier to deflect the bullet.  
The group notices something odd about the bullet...)
Snake:  What the...?
Campbell:  (in a whisper-like tone) You guys are supposed to play dead!  Just go 
along with it!
Snake:  (trips and catches Ryoko to act as though she was really shot)
        My God!!  Colonel, why?!!
Ryoko:  ?!
Snake:  (whispering to Ryoko)  Just go along with it!  Or at least 
        trust me!  (Ryoko starts playing possum.  Snake then turns to 
        the family and winks, signalling them to play along.From there, 
        the lights went out and shots were fired from the Colonel's 
        guns.  From outside the house sits an agent watching the 
        shadows depict a scene of death.  The watcher, then, leaves 
        the area.  As the agent left, Mei Ling closes the blinds.)
Mei Ling:  Okay, Colonel.  She's gone.
Campbell:  Whew!  That was too close!  (Ryoko rushes Campbell, grabbing
           him by the collar)
Ryoko:  What was that crap about?!!  You shoot us with paintballs 
        because someone wants us dead after sending those two?!
Snake:  Take it easy!  The Colonel and I go way back!  There's a reason
        behind it.  Obviously, these people here don't want us dead!
Ryoko:  (releases Campbell)  Alright...Start talkin'!
Campbell:  We can't talk here...We need a good place to hide.
Kiyone:  We could take the Yagami to the Galaxy Police Station.  The
        bubble-head got us in this heap of trouble, but she IS the 
        chief's niece.  'Cuz of that, we might get a place to hide for 
        a while.
Otacon:  Sounds good.  What do you guys think?
Colonel:  Better than here.  Let's move out!
Snake:  Where is this place anyway?
Ayeka:  ...Um, I think you'd better see for yourselves.
(Soon after, everyone sees the Yagami.  Impressive?  Yes.  But what was
even more impressive was where the Galaxy Police precinct was
...in outer space!)
Snake:  Waitaminit!!  If the precinct was all the way out there, why 
        couldn't any of our satellites pick it up?!
Washu:  That's 'cause I had carefully installed a special chip in the 
        satellites one time.  I could cover for the GP, and you guys 
        wouldn't have seen a thing!  Clever, huh?!
Otacon:  I suppose the crash on that satellite caused that chip to be 
         damaged, right?
Washu:  Smarter than I had anticipated!  Yes, that's right!
Naomi:  Well, I suppose that was quite a bit trouble.  But how were 
        you able to do it?
Washu:  'Cuz I'm the greatest scientific genius in the universe!!!  And 
        I'm cute, too!
Mei Ling:  Quite a thing to gloat about!  In China, they say, "The 
           strongest swimmer usually drowns."
Washu:  [*here indicates a translation from  Chinese language]  *Yeah, 
        but how do you suppose that I know your language exactly?*
Mei Ling:  ?!  *I'm shocked!  How'd you...?*
Washu:  Nevermind it for now.  I've proved my point!
Kiyone:  The Galaxy Policestation's up ahead!
(The trip is complete.  Kiyone and Mihoshi report in with the chief and
leave with his permission to bring everyone into Mihoshi's old 
quarters.)
Ryoko:  Now, Colonel...You were saying?
Campbell:  Okay, here goes...Snake, Dr. Emmerich, do you two remember
           us leaving immediately after dropping you two off at the 
           docks?
Snake:  Looking back at it, yeah.  I was wondering what the rush was...
Campbell:  As soon as we boarded, the ship was hijacked unbeknownst to 
           me and Naomi.  The hijacker called herself Nagi, or 
           something of that nature...
Ryoko:  Did she wear some sort of hood and cape?!
Campbell:  Yeah.  Why do you ask...?
Ryoko:  Did she have a strange animal and a rapier as well?!
Campbell:  ...?!  You know her, don't you?
Ryoko:  Yeah!  That pest's been hunting me down for years!
Voice from an air vent:  And has found you!
Ryoko:  Dammit!!
(From the vent shaft, Nagi drops down in the middle of the group.
Ken-ohki follows suit)
Snake:  You're the one watching us get "shot?"
Nagi:  Yes.
Snake:  Who the hell are you anyway?
Nagi:  I am Nagi.  I'm the most feared bounty-hunter in the galaxy.
Snake:  Not impressed.  Why are you after us anyway?  Got a lotta balls 
        to hijack a U.S. carrier!
Nagi:  You dare defy me?  After I came all this way to TRY and help 
       you!
Otacon:  What're you talkin' about?!
(The lights go out...Kiyone tries to radio in on any cops who maybe 
around to explain the current situation.  All that was in response was 
static.  The Chief suddenly bursts through the door.  He takes his gun 
out and takes Sasami hostage.)
Chief:  Any sudden moves outside MY commands, and the girl dies!
Snake:  DAMN!
Nagi:  THAT was what I was trying to warn you people about...
Sasami:  Tenchi, I'm scared!
Tenchi:  Stay calm, Sasami!
Chief:  SHADDAP!!!  Last warning!  Next time, and the girl gets a third
eyeball!!

                                                   TO BE CONTINUED...
