     Okay:  here's the disclaimer:
           Tenchi Muyo and all of its other series are property of AIC and 
Pioneer.  Metal Gear Solid is property of Konami, SCEA, and whatever other 
company or companies that worked on it.  I'm not trying to find any sort of 
trouble, so please do not sue me.  It's bad enough that I have no money...

Format: X-over of Tenchi Muyo/Universe and Metal Gear Solid (I'm oblivious as to 
what happened after MGS that lead to MGS2: Sons of Liberty.  So this is directly 
after MGS if Meryl died.)

Summary:  Basically it's about how Solid Snake and all his cohorts meet.  But in 
this first one, were Snake and co. forced to cooperate?




 
Scene: In the Yagami about to enter planet Jurai's atmosphere. 

Kiyone: (entering the Masaki household living room) We're about to enter Jurai.
Ayeka:  I'm surprised that there are no Galaxy Police guarding the landing port.
Ryoko:  And no one's suspicious about it.
             (In the background everyone hears the lighting of a lighter.  
Kiyone turns         to see that Solid Snake has started smoking a cigarette)
Snake:  How long until we land?
Kiyone:  Right now?  ...Maybe 3 minutes.  Why?
(Just entering the living room is Washu along with Otacon and Col. Campbell)
Campbell:  We should be worried if there's no one out there patrolling the area.
Snake:  (blows a ring of smoke) We might end up being ambushed again.
              Meaning we have to come up with an insertion method.
Washu:  Thanks to Mei Ling's help, we have a codec for everyone on board.
Sasami:  Where is she right now?
Otacon:  She's resting right now.  Can't really blame her.  She never rested 
since
               Tuesday.
Snake:  (putting out the cigarette)  So what do we do now?
Otacon:  Take the stealth gear.  We'll hold out a diversion while you sneak into
               Jurai.
Mihoshi:  But I thought there was only one stealth gear, and not enough time to 
make another.
Washu:  Oh, there was.  Remember when I asked to work on the engine?  Otacon 
helped me make one for the Yagami in case we got jumped again! (Washu starts 
laughing maniacally)
(Everyone else has sweatdrops.  Naomi enters the living room from the cockpit)
Naomi:  Right...Now if you please, since you have your plans made out, we're 
about to enter!
Snake:  (rising out of his seat)  Alright...I'm going in.
Tenchi:  Without a weapon?
Snake:  First off: They have a weapon detection system.  So, I can't take my 
SOCOM with me.  Second:  My best weapon's here! (points at his right temple)  
We're out of time...Ryo-ohki and I must leave!
Ryo-ohki: (uneasy) Mrrrrreeow.
Snake:  Don't worry.  You'll be the one using the stealth gear.  That'll also 
help you get back into the Yagami.  Okay?
Campbell:  Snake, ...You'd better come back.  Understand?  You know your 
priorities, but your first objective in this mission is to come back alive!  In 
this ship is the very reason to stay alive.
Snake:  Don't worry.  I'll do my best!
Naomi:  You'd better!
Washu:  We'll contact you as soon as you successfully land in the ruins of the 
Royal House of Jurai!
Snake:  Okay.  Ryo-ohki, ready?
Otacon:  (after fitting the stealth gear on Ryo-ohki)  She's ready!
Snake:  Alright.  Let's go!
(Soon after Ryo-ohki in ship form leaves the Yagami descending to Jurai, 
undetected in stealth form.  Snake then enters the courtyard of the Royal House 
after being dropped off.  Snake's codec rings.)
Washu:  Snake, this is Washu.  What's your position?
Snake:  I'm at the courtyard maze.  I'm seeing any guards, though.
Sasami:  Becareful!  That's a very large maze!  Guards could be anywhere and you 
can get lost easily!
Campbell:  Stay on your toes, Snake.  If you need to, you can contact us at 
frequency 140.59.  Good, luck.  
(Both codecs turn off.)
(Snake makes his way to the center of the maze where the fountain is.  After 
taking a small sip of water, Snake spots a few guards coming his way.)
Snake:  >Damn!<*         (*Note:  >< indicates what the character says to 
him/herself)  >Gotta hide!<  (Finds a small brush to hide behind.)
Guard A:  I wonder who's been paying us to do this sort of work...
Guard B:  I heard it was the former king of Jurai.  What was his name again?
Guard A:  I don't know...But that Minagi girl's pretty built!  Man, I'd like to 
take a piece o' her!
Guard B:  You prevert!  Don't you think about anything else but sex?!
(Snake sneaks in and instantly snaps Guard B's neck.  Then takes Guard A's knife 
and stabs the guard's chest while muffling his scream.)
Snake:  Yeah.  Not like you'll be getting any soon, scumbag.  (Snake drops the 
guard.  As he attempts to disarm the guards, Snake notices that they're armed 
with guns that can identify the owner.  Snake is a little dissapointed, but 
continues forward.  After a while, Snake reaches the end of the maze and stands 
in front of the ruins of the Royal House.  He then kneels down and contacts the 
Colonel by codec.)
Snake:  This is Snake.  I'm in front of the Royal House.
Colonel:  Great job, Snake!
Ayeka:  I'm impressed!  You had the opportunity to arm yourself...Why didn't you 
take the guns from the dead guards?
Snake:  The guns can identify their owners.  I would've been in trouble for 
picking them up.  How was the diversionary tactic.
Otacon:  Went better than expected.
Tenchi:  Yeah, considering that we planned it at the last minute!
(While that went on, a sniper on the 5th floor of the Royal House has the 
sniper-rifle readied.  The sniper, then, shoots Snake on the leg.)
Naomi:  Snake!!  What happened?!!
Snake:  (noticing the traquilizer on his left leg)  ...Damn!  
...Tranq...uil...i...zer...  (Snake starts to faint afterward.)
Campbell:  Snake?!  SNAAAAAAAAAAKE!!!!!!!!
Snake:  (just before he faints)  >How did I get myself into this?  Oh yeah.<

           METAL GEAR: TENCHI
                             Episode 1:  Snake Bashing

                                                      By Garret Mangio
                                                     (juraianstump@netscape.net)

Scene:  A bar in the outskirts of Anchorage, Alaska
(Snake is having a game of billiards with Hal Emmerich, otherwise known as 
Otacon.  So far, Otacon is about to win by sinking the 8-ball.)
Snake:  Ten bucks says you don't make it!
Otacon:  (Observing the table)  Alright.  You're on!  8-ball, corner pocket!  
(He hits the cue ball, which srtikes the 8-ball into the corner pocket.)  Well, 
that's ten for me!
Snake:  Damn!
(As soon as Snake starts paying up, Col. Roy Campbell and Dr. Naomi Hunter step 
into the bar, searching for Otacon and Snake.  Otacon just happened to see them 
at the entrance.)
Otacon:  (after collecting his winnings)  Oh!  Hi, Dr. Hunter!  Col. Campbell!
Snake:  Huh?  (turns around and sees them)
Campbell:  Been a while, hasn't it?
Snake:  A little.  How's everything with you two?
Naomi:  Alright, I guess.
Campbell:  I'll get to the point.  We can't talk here, so we must talk somewhere 
else.
Otacon:  And here I was expectin' tea an' crimpets!  Oh, well...
Snake:  Better than last time...  (Snake remembers when he was "invited" to see 
Campbell c/o some armed guards)  Okay, let's go.
(A drunk then starts to flirt with Naomi as they leave.)
Drunk:  Awwwwwwwwww, c'mon!  All I want isssh to talk!
Naomi:  Ummmm...No thanks.  I have to leave now.
Drunk:  Wassssshhh yo' hurry.  Oh, I get it.  You need cash first! Here!
Naomi:  WHY YOU...!!!!!  (Naomi proceeds to kick the Drunk right in his crotch, 
causing extreme pain.)  Hmph! Teach you to call me a whore!

Scene:  In a ship headed for Japan
Campbell:  Alright, Snake.  Here's the situation.  NASA reports to have fornd 
some strange people messing around with military equipment, namely our 
satellites.  There were also spacecraft flying around that looked nothing like 
the spacecraft you'd normally find around here on Earth.
Snake:  So, you're saying there are aliens screwing around with our satellites?  
Ha!  I'd never expect that from you!
Naomi:  Here are some photographs taken by a military satellite.  (Hands over 
the photographs to Snake and Otacon)  It is weird that something like this would 
happen, so NASA asked if we could investigate.
Otacon:  What took the photos?
Campbell:  One of our GPS satellites.
Snake:  (looking further into the photo)  Are these things two different women?
Wait!  How do we know the authenticity of these photos?
Naomi:  I checked it myself.  It's very hard to believe, but these are real!
Otacon:  I know how serious this case is, but I think it's funny that this 
particular photo shows the blonde-haired alien is getting yelled at by this 
green-haired one.
Snake:  What's the mission?
Campbell:  NASA traced that the alien crafts land mostly at only one particular 
point here in Japan.  According to Japanese officials, that place is a shrine 
that dates back to the 1700's.  You two are brothers who are on vacation.  You 
both will be provided legal passports, $5,000 in these credit cards, and a 
vehicle.  You both won't be armed, but beware if there is any sign of hostility.  
All that is needed is an investgation and a few photographs, so you two will 
just have to play it cool.  No unecessary violence.
Snake:  That's it?
Naomi:  Well, if you think it's a waste of time, then say so.  You were highly 
recommended because of how you can deal with violence at the last second.  Not 
only that, but official records said you and Dr. Emmerich died at Shadow Moses 
Island.
Snake:  Lovely.  Two dead guys vacationing in Japan.  Oh well.  What do you 
think, Hal?
Otacon:  I was getting bored anyway.  This beats winning everytime we play 
billiards! (Starts laughing at Snake)
Snake:  (glares at Otacon)...Whatever.  (Turns to Campbell and Naomi)  We'll do 
it, then.
Naomi:  We're almost at Japan, near the shrine.  Here are your passports, cards, 
and the cameras.  (Hands equipment to Snake and Otacon)
Snake:  What's the deadline?
Campbell:  A week from now.
Otacon:  Then why give us two more weeks than needed?
Naomi:  We figured after a long undercover mission you two could have a nice 
vacation.
Campbell:  There's the port.  Good luck, you two.

Scene:  The Masaki Shrine after a few hours on a tour of the city.
(Snake and Otacon, under the guise of Albert and Terry Leinbach, start on the 
first stair step to the Masaki residence.  After about 5 minutes, the two make 
it to the Masaki house.)
Otacon:  Jeez!  That sucks having to do that!
Snake:  Shhh... I hear some people fighting.
(The two listen closely to the fight.  The sounds were coming from the woods 
nearby the house.  The two sneak a peek at where the sounds were coming from, 
just to see Ryoko and Ayeka, in the midst of tugging on Tenchi's arms, were 
yelling at each other.)
Ayeka:  You dirty little monster!  Tenchi's going to help me with the plants!!
Ryoko:  Yeah, well your plants are as rotten as you are!!
Ayeka:  WHAT!!!?  
(As Snake and Otacon witness the two fighting, Grandpa Katsuhito Masaki comes up 
from behind and greets the two.)
Snake:  So, this is your shrine, huh?
Grandpa:  Yes.  So what brings two government agents in?
(Otacon and Snake are stupefied at the fact that Katsuhito knew they were 
agents.)
Grandpa:  I found your passports and already knew they were fake.  Oh, yes.  The 
silver haired lady on our left is Ryoko;  on the right is Ayeka; and in between 
them is my grandson, Tenchi.
Otacon:  That's good to know, BUT I guess we'd better be leaving.
(As Otacon and Snake are backing up, they bump into Washu)
Washu:  Oh, hello!
Otacon:  (nervously) H-h-hello!  And you are?
Washu:  You can call me Little Washu!!
Snake:  Cute name.  We'd like to stay and talk, but we need to go back to our...
Washu:  No.  (She then accesses her computer and traps Snake and Otacon in a 
force globe.)
Otacon:  Wha--!!!!
Snake:  (trying to break the globe) DAMN!!!
Washu:  You two are not going anywhere until we get answers!
TO BE CONTINUED...
