The disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo and its following series belong to AIC and Pioneer.  
Metal Gear Solid and Metal Gear Solid 2 is property of Konami, SCEA, and whoever 
else worked on it.  I pray I don't run into trouble with the law in doing this.  
Please do not sue me for this.

Format:  X-over of Tenchi Muyo/Universe and Metal Gear Solid.  Again, I don't 
know what happens in MGS that leads to the events in MGS2, so this is based on 
MGS after the Shadow Moses mission where Meryl died.

Summary:  Previously, on Metal Gear: Tenchi, as Solid Snake attempted to 
infiltrate the ruins of the Royal House of Jurai, he was shot in the leg by a 
sniper.  Apparently, Snake was shot with a tranquilizer dart, thus, Snake 
started to faint.  As he did, he remembers when he and his buddy, Hal Emmerich 
(otherwise known as Otacon), met Tenchi and family.  A long while earlier, 
government satellites were being tampered with, as Col. Campbell and Naomi 
reported.  Snake and Otacon make way to Japan, where they were to go undercover 
in the Masaki Shrine/residence.  Not long after they enter the property, their 
cover was blown.  As Snake and his partner tried to escape, Washu imprisoned the 
two in a powerful force globe.



                      METAL GEAR: TENCHI
                Episode 2:  Festival
                                             By Garret Mangio 
(juraianstump@netscape.net)

Scene: Near the Masaki residence, at the stairway to the shrine (where Snake and 
Otacon were captured)

(Washu had just accessed her computer to trap Snake and Otacon)
Otacon: Wha--!!!!
Snake:  (trying to break the globe with his bare hands) DAMN!!!
Washu:  You two are not going anywhere until we get answers!
Snake:  What the hell do you want?!
Otacon:  We didn't do anything!!!
Washu:  When you two were climbing the first set of stairs, some of the scurity 
probes hidden in the bushes scanned your passports and ID's.  The two were 
already made out as fakes!
Grandpa Katsuhito:  Washu...Go ahead and release them.
Washu:  Huh?
Grandpa:  I doubt if they would do anything else wrong...These ARE holy 
grounds...Would any of you two violate such sacred grounds?
(Otacon and Snake look at each other and agree to tell the truth.  Just as 
they're about to, Ryoko, Tenchi, and Ayeka had just begun investigating the 
commotion.)
Ryoko:  Hey!  What's goin' on?
Tenchi:  Washu!!!  Do you have to do that to guests?!
Washu:  But...!
Snake:  ...No.  It's okay.  You guys win...
Ayeka:  What are you two talking about?
Otacon:  Well,...Let us go and we'll explain the situation to you guys.  We 
won't try anything...Promise.
(Washu then turns off the force globe.)
Grandpa:  Well, let's go inside the house, drink some tea, and have a nice 
little conversation.  Are you two guests up to it?
Snake:  Wait a second!  I thought you made us out as intruders or something!
Grandpa:  No...Washu made you out as an intruder.
Snake:  ...?!
Otacon:  Don't worry about it.
(As Tenchi and his family make it to the house, Sasami is seen hanging up 
laundry with Ryo-Ohki)
Sasami:  (humming a tune for a second, then turns to see the "guests.")  Hi 
there!
Otacon & Snake:  Huh?
Ayeka:  Oh, this is my younger sister, Sasami!  I'm Ayeka!
Ryoko:  Name's Ryoko!
Tenchi:  Tenchi Masaki.
Otacon:  I'm...Well, my real name is Hal Emmerich.  You can call me Otacon.
Tenchi:  As in the Otaku Convention?
Otacon:  Yeah.  I'm a big anime fan!
Snake:  I...I don't go by any particular name.  Most people that know me refer 
to me as Solid Snake.  Snake is just fine.
Sasami:  That's a weird name to have...!
Snake:  ...
Sasami:  Are you mad at me for saying that?
Snake:  No.  I'll explain a little more inside.
Otacon:  How old are you, Sasami?
Sasami:  What does it look like?
Snake:  Uuuuuhh...Maybe 8 years?
Sasami:  Nope!  It's 708!
Otacon:  That's the cutest thing I've ever heard!
Ayeka:  No, it's true.  Although it dosen't seem like it, she is 708 years old.  
As I am 720!
Ryoko:  2017, but if any of you call me an old lady, I'll kick your @$$!
(Snake and Otacon are a loss on any thought about this.)
Snake:  I suppose you're like 500-something.  Right, Tenchi?
Tenchi:  No, I'm a run-of-the-mill 17 year old, but good guess!
Grandpa:  All will be explained after your stories.
(Everyone in that group enter the house.  Snake and Otacon shared their stories, 
and in turn Tenchi and co. share theirs.  Basically, it turned out a lot more 
pleasant than anticipated.)
Snake:  Tenchi, I'm surprised that you have that sort of situation with Ayeka 
and Ryoko!  The two of them almost put you in a hurt-locker, yet they end up 
falling in love with you!  I know a lot of other guys would rather be in your 
shoes more than anything!
Otacon:  Yeah!  One of them is my partner!
Snake:  Shut it, you!! (Otacon and everyone start laughing.)
Ryoko:  About Meryl, I'm sorry about what happened...You really were in love 
with her, weren't you?
Snake:  ...Yeah.
Grandpa:  My son in law is helping put the annual festival together.  Since you 
two have three weeks of vacation out here, why don't you join us in the 
festivities?  I'm sure it might help you forget all of your problems for one 
night!
Otacon:  Sure.  Wolf would be smiling in heaven right now if she's seeing how 
I'm trying to move on!
Snake:  ...
Ryoko:  Hey.  You okay?
Snake:  Huh?  Oh, uh, yeah!  I'm up for it!
Tenchi:  You sure?
Snake:  Yeah.
Sasami:  Also, by then, you'll get the chance to meet Mihoshi and Kiyone!  They 
also live with us!
Snake:  Hey Tenchi!  How many women live here?!
Tenchi:  (nervously) heh, heh,...heh!
(Just then, Ryo-ohki is seen running towards Snake.  She jumps in Snake's lap to 
greet the new guy.  Snake isn't exactly comfortable.)
Snake:  ??????
Ryo-ohki:  Meeeeeeeoooow!
Sasami:  Oh, that's Ryo-ohki!  Cute, isn't it?
Otacon:  What IS it?
Washu:  She's a cabbit!  A cat and rabbit combined!  She can also change into a 
ship!:
Snake:  Is she dangerous?
Washu:  Give her a reason to and she will!
(They draw the little get-together to a close.  Snake and Otacon nap on separate 
couches while everyone sleeps in their proper beds.  Night falls and the 
festival begins.  Sasami guides Otacon to meet Kiyone and Mihoshi while Snake is 
playing at Ayeka's shooting gallery.)
Sasami:  Kiyone, this is Otacon.  He's a government agent!  Otacon, this is 
Kiyone.  She's a detective in the Galaxy Police!
Kiyone:  (whispers to Sasami)  Why are you telling him this?!
Otacon:  Hey!  You're one of the two that were tampering with a government 
satellite!
Kiyone:  Huh?  When?
Otacon:  About a week back!
(Mihoshi steps in after closing the cotton candy shop.  Mihoshi had just broken 
the new machine...)
Mihoshi:  Kiyone...I...huh?  Who's this?
Otacon:  Hey, you're the second one!
Mihoshi:  What's he talkin' about?
Kiyone:  You idiot!!  When you crashed the Yagami into that satellite, their 
government sent an agent here!  The blonde stereotype is an understatement for 
you!!!
Mihoshi:  Guess this is a bad time to tell you that the cotton candy machine's 
broken...
Kiyone:  (about to bust a blood vessel)  WHAT?!!!!!  YOU IDIOT!
Mihoshi:  ...I'm sorry!
Otacon:  Wait a sec...All this began because of an accident?
Kiyone:  We're in trouble...
Snake:  I heard some yelling.  What's going on?  (Recognizes Kiyone and Mihoshi)  
Oh!  The two from the photo!
Kiyone:  Now we're in for it...!
Snake:  Hmmmm...Otacon, you recall anything about a photo?
Otacon:  ..................Nope!
Snake:  Didn't think so!  (Snake starts to shake Kiyone's hand)  People call me 
Solid Snake or just Snake.  How d'you do?
Kiyone:  Oh,...uhh, fine!  Heh heh heh!  Kiyone.
Mihoshi:  I'm Mihoshi!
Otacon:  You can call me Otacon!
(Heard from Ayeka's shooting gallery, Ayeka and Ryoko are having a quarrel.)
Ayeka:  I suppose you're the one who's been putting caramel in my rifles!!
Ryoko:  So what if I was?!  You put my booth out of business!!
Ayeka:  Your booth is disgusting and dosen't deserve to keep decieving people 
about some phony cure for poison oak!
Otacon:  (To Snake)  I thought poison oak was only in United States!
(Ryoko and Ayeka had begun to square-off.  Both used enough power to take out 
half of the festival area.  The group, bruised, boo-boo-ed and burned, return to 
the house to get some rest.  Upon entering the living room to turn on the 
lights, Col. Roy Campbell, Dr. Naomi Hunter, and Mei Ling stand there waiting, 
armed with .45 caliber pistols.)
Campbell:  We've been waiting for you Snake...Otacon?
Snake:  Colonel!!  What the hell?!
(Just as Snake approaches them, Campbell and the other two raise their guns, 
ready to fire on the entire group...)
                                               TO BE CONTINUED...
