        In a dimension far, far away (but not so far that you wouldn't give a hoot),
in a palace that gleamed with a crystalline glow that was really shiny, three
beings (women of course, all higher powered beings are women.  Humph.) Were
sitting around a great table in a great hall that was all in all really…
super.

        "Is this really necessary?" The silver haired one in the silvery white dress
asked.

         "I'm afraid that the current situation demands it."  The blue haired one
with two ponytails looked grim as she spoke.

        "Well then, there's really no other option, is there?"  The third woman, who
until this moment had been silent in her white nun's robes, finally agreed.

        "For Crystal Tokyo!" The first one cried out.

        "For Juraihelm!" The second one said with a determined chin.

        "For His divine grace!" The little nun-in-training cried out.

        "Um… okay…" The blue haired one turned to the shining silvery maiden beside
her and whispered in her ear.

        "Where exactly did you say you found her?  She doesn't really seem to… well…
belong here, if you know what I mean…"

        The silver haired woman nodded as her fingers tightened around a wand that
was topped off by what looked like a crescent moon.  "If you must know, I
brought her here because of her avatar."

        The second one's eyebrows scrunched in confusion.  "Wait, her avatar doesn't
posses any real magic, hers just uses stage tricks to get what she wants…"

        The third one, who had until this moment been listening intently, finally
cleared her throat and spoke to both women in a calm and graceful manner.

        "My avatar, if you must call her that, has the magical ability of the
suspension of disbelief.  Is that good enough for you?"

        "Yes, of course it is.  I'm just a bit apprehensive in this matter," the
third woman nodded in agreement.  "Besides, we're going to need all the help
we can get.  I'm just glad events are unfolding in our favor for once.  Come;
let us prepare the stage.  Our performers are going to give the show of their
lifetimes"

        The tree women nodded their heads and silently began to leave, each mumbling
something about odd circumstances and why they always seemed to happen in that
oh-so-chaotic way that they did.

***

        In another dimension far, far away (to far to really care about, but oh
well…) in a great black crystalline palace, three dark cosmic beings sat
around a great dark table muttering dark things that were really… evil.

        "Then we are decided?"  The pale one with dark red hair spoke in a smooth,
yet chilling voice.  The horns on her shoulders gleamed in the pale light.

        "Of course, this was a wonderfully evil idea!  Finally, I shall have the
upper hand against that goody two-shoed little…!"  The purple haired one was
starting to twitch as a familiar vein started to protrude from her forehead.

        "Um… excuse me you two, but why am I here exactly?  I mean, I know that we're
all evil, but I don't exactly see how I apply to this evil plot.  I mean, I
don't even really KNOW my opponent exactly…" The third woman at the table
scratched her metallic head with a hand that seemed to come from the void that
was her body.

        The purple (or was it pink?  You can never really tell in an evil light set)
haired woman turned to the first speaker and whispered, "Um, come to think of
it, why the hell is she here?  I mean, she's evil and all, but she really
doesn't apply to this situation.  Hell, she's not even a major player!  Why
the hell…?"

        The dark haired woman turned to her purple haired companion and whispered in
an angered voice, "Look, there's three of them and two of us.  If you want to
go out and try to find another super-powered villain on short notice then be
my guest, little miss second-in-line!"

        "WHADDYA MEAN, SECOND IN LINE?!?"

        "Look.  I was desperate and unless you want to work with Fajita…"

        "Vegita."

        "WHATEVER!  …Then you'll take her as the next best thing."

        The purple haired wanna-be queen sat and thought about this for awhile, all
the time considering the merits of their third member.

        "Well… what exactly can she offer us?"  The purple haired woman turned and
yelled at the metallic feminine fatale sitting across from her.  "Hey, just
what exactly can you do?  I mean, do you have any super powers or really evil
avatars?"

        The chrome queen smiled and gestured behind her.  Instantly, an army of
mechanical soldiers appeared.  The leader, a blonde robot with a fish-bowl
face spoke up with a British accent not unlike David Bowie's.

        "Um, your Majesty, why exactly are we doing this?"

        The metal Madame spoke up with her cold, villainous voice.  "Because this is
an excellent opportunity for me to advance my role in humanity's downfall."

        "Oh, all right then."  And as soon as they appeared, they were gone.

        The red haired woman with ample bosom smiled wickedly.  "Not exactly what I
was hoping for, but good enough!  Shall we begin, ladies?"

        The three women nodded each giving a wicked smile.  One by one, they began to
let out with a laughter that could only be known as pure evil.

***

BGlanders presents…

The Great Magical Girl Wars

Or

Why You Should Never Scrounge For Villains At the Last Second

CHAPTER 1: Setting the Stage

***

        It was a beautiful, sunny, chipper, happy day as Usagi was once again
flooring it down the street with the speed of an ICBM.  Mailmen, pedestrians
and other extras in the story leapt out of her way as she tore down the road.

        "Ohh, I'm gonna be late again!  Why can't Luna ever get off her rump and wake
me up in the morning?  If she wasn't so busy cat napping I might actually make
it to class on time just once!"

        True to form, Usagi arrived at Crossroads Jr. High School ten minutes late.
As She unsuccessfully tried to sneak into her seat, Miss Haruna broke into her
usual spiel.

         "Tsukino!  I see that you've finally decided to join us today!  And you're
just in time, too!"

        Usagi's eyebrows scrunched as she scratched her head.  "Hold it, what do you
mean 'on time'?  I'm at LEAST 10 minutes late today…" The class snickered as
she caught herself.

        "You're just in time to volunteer for a very special after school activity,
Miss Tsukino.  You have been chosen by me to become a BSH."

        "A… BSH?  What's that?"  Usagi scratched her head yet again as a certain girl
with dark blue hair beside her tried to contain her snickering.

        "Why, it's a Big Sister Helper, Usagi.  You're going to take on a little
sister for the next two weeks.  You're to spend every waking moment with her,
helping her in school and in social situations."  By now the color had drained
from Usagi's face.  Her left eye started to twitch and a low groan started to
emit from her mouth.  The girl beside her, although trying hard not to laugh,
finally succeeded in calming herself.  Usagi cast a wary glance at her super
smart friend.

        "Sorry Usagi, but it looks like you've got your hands full for awhile.  If
you need some extra help in keeping up with your studies this week, I'd be
glad to study with you…" Usagi shook her head and took out her homework for
the day.

        "That's okay, Ami.  I guess it's my own dumb fault for being late in the
first place."  With a defeated on her face, Usagi prepared for the rest of the
day, wondering what other pot shots the great Kamis would take at her.

***

"Vacation?  Where are we going?"

        Meimi sat in the family dining room, kicking her legs absently in the air as
her mother and father started to lay out the finer details of their trip to
their daughter.

        "Well dear, your father and I got to thinking about spring break this year
and we decided that it would be fun to spend some time with some close
relatives."

        Meimi's eyes lit up like Christmas bulbs.  "You mean we're going to…"

        Mr. Haneoka nodded and smiled.  "We're going to go pay a visit to your aunt
Kawaii!"

        Meimi loved visiting her aunt Kawaii for several reasons.  One of which was
that she lived in a music store in Tokyo, which meant loads of sight seeing
was coming her way.  The second was that this meant she would be able to spend
some time with her cousin, Sasami.

        "When do we leave?"

        Mr. Haneoka nibbled on a piece of fish while his wife answered the question.

        "We leave in two days.  Be sure to have your clothes packed and ready, okay
Meimi?"  The young redhead nodded and grinned.  Already, she knew that this
was going to be a great trip.  As she finished her dinner and headed up to her
room, she remembered her friend, Seira.

        "Oh no, what if someone needs help while I'm gone, or what if something
happens?  What'll I do then?"  As Meimi let her thoughts wander, she walked
into her bedroom and plopped down on the bed… then immediately she jumped up
with a surprised yelp.  From under the covers, a small brown ball of fur
emerged with a bandage on its forehead.

        "Oh Ruby I'm so sorry!  Are you okay?"

        The tiny hedgehog let out a whimper and leapt into its master's arms.  "Oh
Ruby, guess what?  We get to go to Tokyo in two days!  You'll get to meet my
cousin Sasami and I know you and her are gonna hit it off just great!"  As
Ruby slowly started to drift off to sleep, Meimi couldn't help but worry that
something big was about to happen, and that she was right at the center of it.

***

        "Wow, these are really good Sasami!"

        It was a beautiful spring day as two young girls, one with jet-black hair,
the other with two long blue ponytails, sat on a red and white checkered
blanket in the middle of the Juban Park.  Sasami had called up her best friend
Misao and had asked her if she wanted to go on a picnic with her.  Since it
wasn't too hot out, Misao decided that she could step outside for awhile
without getting too dizzy from the sun.  The two had come to their favorite
playing area where they proceeded to gorge themselves on Sasami's wonderful
cooking.  Ryo-Ohki had already stuffed himself with carrots and was currently
enjoying a cabbit nap in the warm spring sunshine.

        "Gee, you like it?  Thanks Misao!"  The young, blue haired beauty smiled at
the compliment.  Suddenly, both of the girls remembered that they had news for
the other.

        "Guess what…?"  They both said at the same time.

        "You first Misao," Sasami giggled.

        "Okay," Misao lay back on the blanket and watched the clouds overhead wander
by.  "For the next two weeks, I'm getting a big sister!  There's a program
called Big Sister Helpers where older girls volunteer to spend time with
someone who…" Misao stopped as a lump started to form in her throat.

        Sasami realized what her friend was saying and tried to make the best of it.
"Really?  Wow, I'm so happy for you Misao!  Have you met her yet?"

        Misao watched as a poofy white steamship sailed across the sky, then broke up
into bits of shapeless fluff.  "Not yet, but our teacher gave me my Big
Sister's name today.  Her names Tsukino Usagi and her teacher said that she
was really eager to volunteer.

        Sasami laid beside Misao and watched the clouds drift by.  Ryo-Ohki gave a
contented myia as visions of carrots danced through his mind.  "I'm real happy
for you, Misao.  You two are going to get along great, I just know it!"

        Misao and Sasami lay in silence for awhile, enjoying the occasional sound of
traffic as it sped by the outskirts of the park.  Sounds of children playing
on the nearby playground drifted over the grass to the two young magical
girls.  After awhile, Misao spoke up.

        "You were gonna say something Sasami, what was it?"

        Sasami sat upright with a giant smile on her face.  "Oh yeah, I almost
forgot!  My cousin Meimi is coming down for a visit!  You'll like her, Misao.
She's about our age and she's really fun.  Her mom and my mom are sisters, and
whenever they come over we always have a lot of fun!  You've got to come play
with us sometime, Misao!"

        Misao smiled at the invitation and promised her friend that she would stop
by.  After a few more minutes of cloud watching, Sasami and Misao decided to
head over to the playground and have some fun.

***

        "Hmmm, now which one's a magical girl?"

        In the bushes on the outskirts of the park, three very unlikely shapes could
be seen.  Granted, this was Tokyo, the Juban section no less, however the
unlikely gaggle that was crouching behind their bushy outcropping was a
strange sight by ANY standard.

        The first speaker, for all practical purposes, was a robot.  He was dressed
in what looked like 17th century attire and had what looked like blonde hair
coming down from the top of his circular head.  His face, if you could call it
that, was a plexi-screen with what appeared to be a target painted on it.

        "I told you already!  They both are!"

        The second speaker, under any normal circumstances, didn't seem that odd at
all.  Well, unless you don't consider purple talking birds an oddity.

        "Then what are we waiting for?  Let's take them both out now and save
ourselves some trouble!"

        The third speaker was no stranger to this particular park.  Often times he
had been found beaten to a bloody pulp, claiming that if it hadn't been for
that blonde haired witch…  His clothing consisted of a gray jacket with
matching pants.  His face was actually somewhat handsome, save for the evil
gleam in his evil looking eyes.

        "Because," Rumia was starting to get slightly perturbed,  "One of them is on
our side!  Besides, we're here to defeat them, not kill them."

        Count Mecha gave a mechanical snort.  "Humph, like it really matters…"

        "No, the bird's right."  Jadeite suddenly spoke up.  "We watch and wait for
now.  Soon the others will arrive and when they do, then we act."

        As Sasami and Misao played on the equipment, Sasami couldn't help thinking
that somewhere, far off in the distance, or even as close as that clump of
bushes over there, that something evil was watching, waiting… and laughing.

TO BE CONTINUED!

***

I don't own these characters.  I'm poor.  Please don't sue.

Hey, contest time kiddies!  First one to name every series/movie I mentioned
and used (special bonus if you can figure out who the third magical girl and
avatar are) will get a special mention in the next chapter!  Hey, it's not
much, but it's all I can do right now…

Also!  I'll take suggestions for magical girl cameos for the next couple of
chapters.  (NO Rainbow Bright entries!  THIS MEANS YOU, KTHARDIN!)  ^_-

All C&C, flames, uber-rants, whatever should go to BGlanders@aol.com
