Disclaimer : Tenchi Muyo! and all the characters thereof are the
property of Pioneer/AIC and such. Star Trek : The Next Generation and
all characters thereof are property of Paramount. None of the characters
in this fanfic are being paid for their appearance here, nor is the
author getting any profit from this work of fiction (as if!).

Futher, if you wish to archive this fanfic on a publicly-accessibly site
(be it Web, FTP, or whatever), I have no objections to that as long as
such does not bring any profit to anyone (if I don't make money off of
it, no one will make money off of it). All I ask is that you contact me
and let me know where the archive location is so I can check it out.

That said, on with the show...





                            THE MIHOSHI INCIDENT

                   Chapter 2 - Through the Looking Glass

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------

Deep within the sub-dimension that she called home, the self-proclaimed
'Most Intelligent (not to mention Cutest) Scientist in the Universe' sat
securely in the center of an enormous contraption of her own design.
While the intrinsic operation of the device was far beyond the
comprehension of anyone not familiar with the tenets of dimensional
physics, temporal mechanics, and advanced subspace engineering, it's
function was easily explainable - the device scanned the dimensions and
located any and all unusual phenomenon. It also served as a nifty
cross-dimensional communications device.

"...and I'm telling you, Zor," Washu stated matter-of-factly, "that
there's no way that you can harness the amount of energy that you think
that plant of yours can generate by using such out-dated technology."

"Well, if you're so smart," the purple-haired being on the monitor
replied, "Then what technology *should* I use? This is the best the
Republic has to work with."

Washu rubbed her chin, deep in thought. "Tell you what... if you send me
all your information and notes regarding these so-called 'Flowers of
Life', then I'll be more than happy to design you a system to obtain and
utilize the bio-energy from them." She winked at him. "I might even
throw in a few other gadgets, too, since you're such a cutie."

Blushing furiously, the alien smiled. "You sure have a way with words,
Washu. It's a deal. I'll collect all the data I have and send it via
this channel."

"I'll be waiting, Zor." Washu replied. "Over and out."

Closing the channel, Washu leaned back and sighed. Let the humans have
their Internet and IRC and E-mail and all that, she'd take a decent
inter-dimensional interface with a half-way intelligent fellow scientist
any day. Take that Zor fellow... a strange cookie, to be sure, but he
sure knew his bio-engineering.

An annoying buzz interrupted her train of thought and Washu snapped her
attention to a pop-up display, where a bright orange blob was flashing
steadily. "Ah... what have we here?" Fingers flying over the control
pad, Washu smiled. "A time-space warp? Haven't seen one of those in a
while... and especially not so far inside a planetary system. I wonder
what's causing it?"

Delighting in the chance to flex her intellectual muscle, Washu set to
work analyzing the warp.

---

The main screen displayed what appeared to be a giant soap bubble,
complete with changing rainbow patterns of light that danced across its
surface. It hung motionless in space, blotting out the stars behind it.

"Ooooh!" Sasami gushed. "It's so beautiful!" She turned her gaze on
Mihoshi. "What is it?"

"I don't know." Mihoshi admitted. Then she smiled. "But it's too pretty
to be dangerous. Right, Yukinojo?"

"It appears to be some sort of tear in the local space-time continuum."
Yokinojo reported. "I don't detect any dangerous radiation emissions.
All temporal and subspace readings outside the anomaly are normal."

Trying unsuccessfully trying to stifle a yawn, Mihoshi nodded. "That
means it's not dangerous, right?"

"Not directly, no. But regulation 167 sub-section 9 sub-paragraph J
states that any space-time anomalies should be reported to Galaxy Police
Headquarters immediately."

Mihoshi waved absently. "We have plenty of time to file a report with
Headquarters." She smiled at Sasami and Ryo-Ohki. "Let's enjoy the view
for a bit longer."

"But Mihoshi!" Yukinojo protested. "Regulations state-"

"Oh, alright!" Mihoshi groaned, climbing to her feet. As she did so, her
control cube popped free and fell to the floor. "Oh no!" Mihoshi cried,
diving down to retrieve the lost device, bumping several controls in the
process. The distinct rumble of the engines powering up filled the
cabin.

"Mihoshi!" Yukinojo cried. "What are you doing?"

"What? What do you mean?" she asked, peering over the control panel.

"You activated the main drive! We're diving into the anomaly!"

---

Washu frowned as data scrolled across her screen. Someone, or something,
was actively attempting to block her scans of the warp. Pausing to crack
her knuckles, Washu chuckled. "So, you think you can keep the Greatest
Mind in the Universe from learning your secrets? Guess again!"

She hadn't even begun her assault when a second alarm went off. Calling
up another screen, she saw a Galaxy Police cruiser heading straight for
the warp. Having repaired that exact same cruiser countless times, she
knew immediately who it belonged to. "What in the world is that
bubblehead up to now? She's going to-"

The cruiser touched the event horizon of the warp and there was a sudden
flash of brilliant white light. When the light faded, both the warp and
Mihoshi's ship were gone.

"Not good." Washu muttered to herself, calling up several more scanning
programs. "Definitely not good."

---

"Captain's Log : Stardate 46594.9. We've successfully repaired the
Gojius Deep Space Relay station and are en route to StarBase 221. We'll
be passing close to the Neutral Zone, but despite recent Romulan
activity along the border I don't expect there to be any problems."

Sitting comfortably in the command chair, Captain Jean-Luc Picard closed
the log and gazed idly at the starfield displayed on the main screen.
"Mr. Data, how long until we reach StarBase 221?"

The golden-skinned android turned slightly. "At our present speed of
Warp 6; 36 hours, 15 minutes, 41.2 seconds."

"It won't be a fraction of a second too soon, either." Riker commented
from his seat next to the Captain. "I'm looking forward to some free
time. Repair work tends to bore the life out of me."

"It's all part of the job, Commander." Picard noted. "When you get your
own command you'll have more than enough of these types of assignments
to keep you busy."

"Not if I have anything to say about it." Riker snorted. He was about to
say more, but a beeping tone interrupted him.

"Captain," Lieutenant Worf reported, "Sensors have detected a localized
disturbance of the time-space continuum, bearing 196 mark 41. Range,
indeterminate."

"Towards the Neutral Zone." Riker noted. "Just our luck."

There was another beeping tone. "The disturbance no longer registers on
our sensors." Worf reported.

"I believe you were commenting on the monotony of the job?" Picard
commented, rising to his feet. "Commander Data, can you pinpoint the
source of that disturbance?"

"Working, sir." Data replied, hands dancing across his control panel.
"Sensors indicate that the disturbance originated in the Hrakkin system,
2.51 light years from our current position. There are no indications of
any further emmanations from the area." He half-turned. "Captain, the
Hrakkin system is within the boundaries of the Neutral Zone."

"Understood. Any habitable planets?" Picard enquired.

"No sir." Data turned to face the Captain. "Hrakkin Prime is a red dwarf
star with one D class planet. There are no known Romulan outposts or
stations."

"Which doesn't rule out the possibility of a secret outpost." Riker
commented. "A Romulan experiment of some kind? Perhaps an accident? God
knows it's happened before."

"Possibly." Picard agreed, lost in thought. "If so, we should check for
survivors. And if it *was* an experiment, inside the Neutral Zone, then
we should check that out as well. Starfleet Intelligence would be most
interested if the Romulans were up to something."

Riker allowed a slight smile to cross his features. "Yes, sir."

Picard returned to his seat. "Full Stop. Mister Worf, prepare a Class 4
probe. Send it to the Hrakkin system. Let's see what's going on there."

"Yes, sir." Worf replied.

"And send a message to StarFleet Command." Picard added. "Inform them
that we're stopping to investigate some anomalous readings from within
the Neutral Zone."

"Full stop, sir." Data reported.

"So much for our shore leave." Riker muttered, not quite unhappily.

---

"Mihoshi? Mihoshi, are you functional?"

The wild ride had tossed her back into the recreation room. Limping
slightly, she stumbled back into the cockpit. "Wha- What h-happened,
Yukinojo?" she stammered.

"We've passed through a rip in the space-time continuum. I can't
determine our current position, nor can I access the Galaxy Police
Time-net system. In short, I can't determine where - or when - we are."

"You mean we're lost?" Mihoshi whimpered, tears beginning to form in her
eyes. Sasami's giggle made Mihoshi start. "Sasami! Sasami, where are
you?"

"Over here." the young princess replied from her position near a window.
"Come look at the view, Mihoshi! It's beautiful!"

Ryo-Ohki smiled happily. "Mrrow!"

Mihoshi stumbled over to her. "Are you alright? Are you hurt?"

"Of course not." Sasami answered her. "I was strapped into the chair
like you told me. You really should use your seat belt more often." Her
smile broadened slightly. "That was a fun ride. Do you do this sort of
thing all the time?"

"N-no, not all the time, no." Mihoshi stared out the window at the
red-hued planetoid that was hanging there, and the dim red sun beyond.
"Oh, dear." she sobbed. "This isn't the Solar System."

"But isn't it beautiful, Mihoshi?"

"I... I suppose so." Mihoshi admitted, tears cascading down her cheeks.

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------


Comments? Criticisms? Write me at : doppleganger@pipeline.com