Disclaimer : Tenchi Muyo! and all the characters thereof are the
property of Pioneer/AIC and such. Star Trek : The Next Generation and
all characters thereof are property of Paramount. None of the characters
in this fanfic are being paid for their appearance here, nor is the
author getting any profit from this work of fiction (as if!).

Futher, if you wish to archive this fanfic on a publicly-accessibly site
(be it Web, FTP, or whatever), I have no objections to that as long as
such does not bring any profit to anyone (if I don't make money off of
it, no one will make money off of it). All I ask is that you contact me
and let me know where the archive location is so I can check it out.

That said, on with the show...





                            THE MIHOSHI INCIDENT

                        Chapter 3 - Do We Panic Now?

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------

"Captain," Lt. Worf reported. "The probe has entered the Hrakkin system.
All sensors functioning."

"Good." Picard said. "Now let's see what's going on. Data, any sign of
Romulan ships or installations?"

"Negative, sir." Data cocked his head slightly to one side. "However, I
am detecting minor energy emmissions from an object in orbit around
Hrakkin Prime's sole planet."

"What sort of emmissions?" Riker asked, stepping up beside the Captain.

Data's hands went to work. "Low-energy plasma. The rate of emmission is
varying sporadically, and is consistent with the uncontrolled loss of
previously contained material."

Riker suppressed a smile. "It sprang a leak, whatever 'it' is."

"Yes, sir." Data replied, turning slightly to favor Riker with a neutral
look. "That is what I said." He turned back to the control panel. "There
is also a minor neutrino field in evidence around the object."

"Is the probe close enough to give us a visual on the object?" Picard
inquired.

"Yes, sir."

"Let's take a look at it. On screen."

---

Yukinojo bobbed in agitation. "Mihoshi, I have completed the system
diagnostics." There was no reply. "Mihoshi? Mihoshi?"

Mihoshi's muffled voice came from under the command console. "So
*that's* where that book went! I always wondered what-"

"Mihoshi, please!"

"Mmm?" Her head popped up. "What is it, Yukinojo?"

"I said that I have completed the system diagnostics." the computer
replied. "I have prepared a list of damaged systems."

"Oh, okay." She climbed out from under the console, a dog-eared
'Tolarian Romance' novel clutched protectively to her breast. "What kind
of damage?"

Several screens popped up, showing various parts of the ship in green.
Angry red highlights dotted the schematics. "As you can see," Yukinojo
explained, "we have suffered damage to the primary sensor net, the
communications relay, and the weapon systems." He paused as the various
screens zoomed in on the damaged areas. "We have also suffered severe
damage to the drive systems."

"Can they be repaired?" Mihoshi asked quietly, flipping through the
novel.

Yukinojo nodded once. "The sensor, communications, and weapon systems
can be easily repaired. However," One screen grew in size and zeroed in
on the back half of the ship "The drive system has suffered extensive
damage to both the reaction chamber and magnetic bottling systems.
Neither can be repaired by the on-board damage control units."

Sasami, who had been listening from the back room, entered the cockpit,
her eyes wide. "You mean we're stranded?"

Ryo-Ohki's eyes glistened. "Meow?"

Mihoshi looked up from her book and uttered a small sob. "Stranded?"

"Unfortunately, yes." Yukinojo admitted. "The drive systems require
materials not available to us at this time."

"Oh, no! We can't be stranded! We can't!" Mihoshi wailed.

"Meow! MRROW!" Ryo-Ohki leapt from Sasami's head and danced around her
feet.

"What about Ryo-Ohki?" Sasami asked, picking the cabbit up and holding
her close. "She can turn into a spaceship. Maybe she can get us home."

"While my programming strongly rejects the idea of relying on the
assistance of a starship that once acted as a criminal agent, that may
be our only choice." Yukinojo acknowledged.

"We're stranded!" Mihoshi cried again, tears flowing freely.

"There is one other problem." the ship's computer added. "I do not
believe we are in our home dimension any longer. The space-time rip we
passed through was powerful enough to catapult us into any number of
alternate dimensions." A screen appeared, data flowing across it faster
than Sasami could read. "Data gathered by the sensors before the main
array was damaged definitely indicates that we passed through at least
14 distinct dimensions before coming to a stop here."

"Oh my God! We're stranded in another dimension!!" Mihoshi cried,
falling backwards into her seat. "We'll never get back! I'll never see
Tenchi again!" She paused, gasping. Suddenly her eyes widened. "I'LL
MISS MY SOAPS!!"

---

"It's not Romulan, then." Riker noted.

Data nodded. "No, sir. The vessel does not match any known Romulan
design scheme, past or present, nor does it match any known Romulan
aesthetic design preferences. Nor does it match any known design for any
race encountered by the Federation up to this time."

Picard half-turned as the turbo-lift doors swished open and Councillor
Troi stepped onto the bridge. "Ah, Councillor. We seem to have a quandry
on our hands." He turned back to Data. "Any life signs?"

"The probe's sensors indicate three life forms on the vessel. Two are
confirmed as humanoid life forms."

"And the third?" Troi asked, joining the group that had gathered around
Data's console.

"Inconclusive." Data replied. "The data indicates that the third could
be a silicon-based life form. The probe's sensors are too limited to
make a positive identification, however."

"Silicon-based?" Picard exclaimed. "This is getting more interesting
every minute." He motioned to Riker and Troi, and the three of them
returned to their seats. "Opinions?"

"I think we should offer our assistance to that vessel." Troi responded.
"They're definitely in distress."

"And enter the Neutral Zone, in violation of treaty?" Riker pointed out.
"Doing so would be viewed as a provocation by the Romulans. I'd rather
avoid a confrontation with them, if possible."

Picard nodded. "Indeed. But we do have a duty to render assistance to
any ship that's in distress."

"It could be a Romulan trap, Captain." Worf commented from his station.
"They have been known to lure ships into ambushes using false distress
signals in the past.."

"Commander." Data commented, "The probe's sensors indicate that damage
to the vessel's systems has rendered their communications inoperative."
He turned to look at Riker. "Their primary drive and weapons as well."

"A helpless vessel would be the perfect bait for a trap." Worf said. "It
might cause a rescue party to lower their guard."

"Assuming that it is a trap." Riker pointed out. "If it's not, then
those people could be in real trouble."

"Very true." Picard agreed, rubbing his chin. "I'd prefer to think that
it was the latter. Mr. Data, set a course for the Hrakkin system. Warp
factor 6."

"Captain?" Mr. Worf growled from his position.

"Yellow alert, Mr. Worf." Picard said. "Just in case."

"Course set, sir."

"Engage."

---

"Mihoshi, calm down!" Sasami pleaded. "There's no use in getting all
upset if there's still a chance for us to get home."

Tears cascading down her cheeks, Mihoshi's words came out more like
sobs. "But <sob>, Yukinojo said <sniff> that we were trapped <sniff,
sob> in another dimension! <sob, sniff>"

"Actually, Mihoshi," Yukinojo pointed out. "All I said was that it was
extremely likely that we were not in our home dimension any longer.
There is a zero-point-five-two percent chance that we were returned to
our home dimension before the effects of the space-time rip faded."

"See?" Sasami said.

Ryo-Ohki cocked her head to one side. "Mrreow?"

Blinking away her tears, Mihoshi sniffed. "Really? Is that true,
Yukinojo?"

"I am not programmed to lie, Mihoshi."

A beeping tone sounded in the cockpit, and Mihoshi leapt out of her seat
with a scream. "What is it now!?"

"The damage control system has succeeded in repairing the sensor grid,
Mihoshi." Yukinojo replied. "I am conducting a sweep of the system in an
attempt to determine our location."

"Oh." Mihoshi sighed, turning to Sasami. "You were absolutely right,
Sasami. Nothing to worry about. Thank you."

"Meow!"

"And thank you too, Ryo-Ohki." Mihoshi giggled, patting the cabbit
softly on the head.

"Mihoshi!" Yukinojo called. "An unidentified starship is approaching
us!"

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------


Comments? Criticisms? Write me at : doppleganger@pipeline.com