Disclaimer : Tenchi Muyo! and all the characters thereof are the
property of Pioneer/AIC and such. Star Trek : The Next Generation and
all characters thereof are property of Paramount. None of the characters
in this fanfic are being paid for their appearance here, nor is the
author getting any profit from this work of fiction (as if!).

Futher, if you wish to archive this fanfic on a publicly-accessibly site
(be it Web, FTP, or whatever), I have no objections to that as long as
such does not bring any profit to anyone (if I don't make money off of
it, no one will make money off of it). All I ask is that you contact me
and let me know where the archive location is so I can check it out.

That said, on with the show...





                            THE MIHOSHI INCIDENT

                     Chapter 6 - Which Way Did She Go?

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------

Washu hummed tunelessly to herself as her hands danced over the controls
of her (soon to be patented) Interdimensional and Sub-Space
Trans-Molecular Scanner. She had discovered that the space-time warp
that Mihoshi had passed into earlier had acted as a tunnel through the
dimensional matrix, and Washu had narrowed the possible exit points of
that tunnel to four. However, the same force that had attempted to block
her scans of the warp was at it again, returning false echoes, ghost
images, and generally making a pest of itself. There was a definite
intelligence behind the blocks, and Washu was beginning to wonder who
was foolish enough to try her patience.

"There has to be a better way to locate her." Washu mumbled to herself.
She had been scanning each of the four suspected dimensions for any sign
of the trans-ferrite alloy used in Galaxy Police vessels, but even
without the interference cause by her unseen antagonist, the ISSTMS was
being pushed to the limit, and beyond. "If only she had an
interdimensional beacon and transceiver unit." Washu sighed. "What am I
saying? She wouldn't know how to spell it, much less how to use one."

There was a muffled shout from one corner of the lab, and Washuu leaned
over, smiling sweetly. "Ryoko, will you quit struggling, please? You're
interrupting my train of thought." Another muffled shout, more vicious
this time. "Is that any way to talk to your mother? Thank goodness I got
that gag on you. Who knows what you might say otherwise..."

She sat quietly for several minutes, idly toying with a track-ball
control, listening to Ryoko's ever-more-energetic struggles, watching
the ISSTMS's data scroll past on several screens. Suddenly, an idea
struck. "Of course! Mihoshi's control cube!"

---

Riker walked over cautiously and picked up the pink cube. "What the...
what happened to her?" He turned as the turbolift doors opened and
Lieutenant LaForge stepped onto the bridge. "Geordi, what happened?"

"I'll let you know in a moment, Commander." Geordi turned to the
Engineering station. "Computer, transfer Engineering controls to this
station." He sat down and began working. "There was a brief surge of
energy in the transporter field right before she was supposed to
re-materialize. I'm attempting to determine the cause of the energy
surge now."

"Captain," Worf said, "the Romulans are hailing us again." He favored
Picard with the barest of smiles. "They seem to be quite agitated."

"This is all happening too fast." Picard sighed. "Mister Worf, on
screen."

The glowering face of a female Romulan officer filled the main screen.
"Attention Federation vessel. I am Captain Kila of the Romulan Warship
Yev'ash. You have entered the Neutral Zone in violation of treaty. We
demand that you withdraw immediately."

Picard rose to his feet, straightening the hem of his shirt as he
stepped towards the screen. "I am Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the USS
Enterprise. We entered the Neutral Zone to render assistance to a vessel
in distress." He paused. "It is my hope that this encounter can be
resolved peacefully, Captain."

"And it will be, Captain," the Romulan stated icily, "if you withdraw to
the Federation side of the Neutral Zone immediately."

Picard turned and drew a finger across his throat.

Worf nodded, replying, "Audio off, Captain."

"Opinions?" Picard asked Riker and Troi.

"We got caught with our hands in the cookie jar." Riker replied. "And
it's unlikely that they'd look the other way."

Troi nodded. "Captain Kila is highly tense. I'm also sensing a strong
hatred directed towards us, Captain. She could react to any perceived
provocation with violence."

"So she hates us, hmm?" Riker commented. "And she's likely to start
shooting if she senses any provocation? This is getting better and
better."

Picard nodded. "Agreed. We're at a distinct disadvantage here. I only
hope we can come to a peaceful solution." Looking at Worf, he nodded.

"Audio on."

Picard straightened. "Captain Kila, we appreciate your position. If you
will allow us time to complete repairs to-"

"No." Kila growled. "You have entered the Neutral Zone in violation of
treaty. You must withdraw immediately, or face the consequences."

Picard's expression soured. "You have entered the Neutral Zone as well,
Captain. I would hate to have this minor misunderstanding escalate into
a full-scale war between our governments."

"Is that a threat, Captain?" Kila asked warily.

"An observation." Picard replied.

Captain Kila paused for a moment, thinking. Before she could say more,
an aide stepped up beside her and hurridly whispered in her ear. Kila's
eyes widened slightly and she nodded. "Captain Picard, I shall....
consider what you have said. Now I have pressing matters to attend to."
With that, the screen went blank.

Picard turned. "What was that all about?"

"Something's wrong." Troi answered. "Whatever it was that she was told,
it surprised her. It surprised her so badly that she doesn't consider us
to be much of a threat right now."

"That would have to be some surprise." Riker commented. Then he frowned,
turning the pink cube over in his hands. "You don't think..."

---

"I'll ask you one last time." the Romulan officer spat, "What are you
doing aboard this vessel?"

"I don't know!" Mihoshi whined, her voice raising in pitch with each
word. "I was on my ship, and Yukinojo said that another ship had
arrived, so I decided to try and call up a cup of tea because tea always
help me relax, and I've been really stressed out today, but my cube
wasn't working right, and then the Enterprise said that they were going
to beam me back - which is a really strange feeling, I might add. Kinda
like sitting in a tub of fizzy soda, not that I've ever actually done
something like that, but I bet that that's what it would feel like if I
actually-"

"Enough!" the officer shouted, slapping his hands over his ears.

The doors to the interrogation room slid open and Captain Kila stepped
in. "Is this the intruder?"

Mihoshi's interrogator snapped to attention. "Yes, Captain. She was
found in the aft cargo hold." He shot a withering glance at Mihoshi. "So
far she hasn't been very cooperative."

"I see." Turning to Mihoshi, she narrowed her eyes. "My name is Kila,
Captain of the Romulan Warbird Yev'ash. What is your name?"

Mihoshi gulped. "Mihoshi."

"Ah.... Mihoshi, is it?" Kila glanced at the other officer. "And what
are you doing here?"

"I don't know." she said softly. "Like I told this nice man, I was on my
ship, and Yukinojo said that another ship-"

Kila cut her off. "You are a Federation spy!"

"Spy? Of course not... I'm a Galaxy Policeperson."

"Galaxy Policeperson?" Kila spat. "What nonsense is this?"

"Detective first class, if you want to be picky about it." Mihoshi
pointed out. "Say, who's your tailor? I just *love* your outfit."

"Liar! Centurians!" Kila shouted. Two glowering Centurians entered the
room. "Take this spy to the brig! Keep her there until she decides to be
truthful with us."

"No, no... I really *do* love your outfit!" Mihoshi explained as she was
led away. "Honest!"

---

Picard turned as the turbolift doors swished open, Beverly stepping
briskly onto the bridge. Immediately behind her was Sasami, who was
gazing around in wide-eyed amazement. Picard rose to his feet, adjusting
the hem of his shirt. "Ah, Doctor. I'm glad you could join us on such
short notice." He turned to look at the child accompanying her. "And
this must be Princess Sasami."

Beverly nodded, turning to the young princess. "Sasami, this is Captain
Picard."

Sasami's eyes widened, and she bowed politely. "This is your ship?" she
gaped.

"It is until someone else takes command." Picard answered, smiling.
"Where's your furry companion, the one I was told about?"

"You mean Ryo-Ohki? She's eating."

"Eating?" Picard cast a questioning glance at Beverly.

Smiling, Beverly replied, "She's down in sick bay, giving the
replicators a workout. It seems she has a craving for carrots." She
paused. "A rather *large* craving, to be honest. And a stomach that puts
tribbles to shame."

Riker smiled. "Hopefully she doesn't reproduce like them."

"Indeed." Picard mused, looking at Sasami. "Sasami, we have a small
mystery on our hands, and we're hoping that you can shed some light on
the situation." He motioned towards his command chair. "Would you like
to sit down?"

Sasami nodded, frowning slightly. "What do you need to know?"

Picard glanced at Riker, who nodded. Riker walked over to Sasami, who
had pulled herself up into Picard's chair. "Mihoshi transported over to
her ship to retrieve something." He held out the pink cube. "We think
this is what she went to get."

Sasami nodded. "That's her control cube. But why do you have it?" She
looked around. "And where's Mihoshi?"

"We don't know." Riker admitted. "Something happened during the
transport, and she never re-materialized. This is all that returned."

"You mean she's dead?" Sasami asked, her voice quiet.

"No." Deanna interrupted, leaning forward. "But we do believe that this
'control cube' may have had something to do with her disappearance."

"Exactly." Riker added. "Can you tell us how it works? It might help us
determine exactly what happened."

Sasami's gaze travelled from Riker, to Deanna, to Picard, and back to
Riker. "I'd like to help, but I really don't know how it works."

Riker rubbed his beard thoughtfully. "Can you tell us anything about
it?"

"Not really." Sasami replied softly. Then, suddenly, her expression
brightened. "Yukinojo! You can ask Yukinojo! He'd know, I'm sure of it!"

"Yukinojo?" Picard said. "You mean her ship's computer?"

"Mmm-hmmm." Sasami nodded happily. "I'm sure he could tell you."

Picard looked at Worf. "Lieutenant, what's the status of the Romulan
vessel?"

Worf checked his displays. "No change, Captain."

"Good." Picard nodded. "Hail Mihoshi's vessel."

---

"Hello? Hello!" Mihoshi's shrill cry rang out from the brig. "I need to
use the toilet! Please, let me out of here!" Looking out from behind the
force field, Mihoshi chewed her lower lip. "Where did everyone go?" she
wondered aloud. "Why haven't they come to let me use the toilet?"

Her eyes wandered around the cell she found herself in, then focused on
a small panel mounted on the far wall. It was covered with symbols she
couldn't understand. Walking over to the panel, she leaned forward
slightly and pressed on it. She yelped as the panel swung open with a
loud *CLACK*, then broke off of its mountings and fell to the floor.

"Oh dear." she muttered to herself, peering inside the exposed cavity.
There were numerous cables and conduits and small colored cubes, as well
as four objects that looked like buttons. "I know what this is!" Mihoshi
announced happily. "Just like the utility controls back at the Academy!"
She frowned, slightly. "But which one opens the door to the bathroom?"
She closed her eyes, concentrating. "Oh, I never was good at
multiple-choice tests!"

Eyes still closed, Mihoshi began chanting. "Eeeny, meeny, miney, Moe!"
She stabbed the third button. Nothing.

"Meeny!" she said, stabbing the first button. Nothing.

"Miney?" The second button. Still nothing.

"Eeeny?" she sobbed, pressing the fourth - and last - button. There was
a muffled sizzle, then the force field sealing the cell flashed and went
dark. All too aware of the growing pressure in her abdomen, Mihoshi
walked out of the cell, into the hallway beyond, and looked around.
"Hello? Hello? Is there anyone out here?" There was no answer. "Guess
I'm going to have to find the toilet all by myself."

With that, she began walking.

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------


Comments? Criticisms? Write me at : doppleganger@pipeline.com