Disclaimer : Tenchi Muyo! and all the characters thereof are the
property of Pioneer/AIC and such. Star Trek : The Next Generation and
all characters thereof are property of Paramount. None of the characters
in this fanfic are being paid for their appearance here, nor is the
author getting any profit from this work of fiction (as if!).

Futher, if you wish to archive this fanfic on a publicly-accessibly site
(be it Web, FTP, or whatever), I have no objections to that as long as
such does not bring any profit to anyone (if I don't make money off of
it, no one will make money off of it). All I ask is that you contact me
and let me know where the archive location is so I can check it out.

That said, on with the show...





                            THE MIHOSHI INCIDENT

                      Chapter 7 - Chaos, Mihoshi style

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------

"...by accessing specifically located storage matrices within
sub-space."

Geordi glanced at the main screen, where Yukinojo's visage waited
patiently. "It does so by utilizing a rectified positron beam, right?"

"Correct." Yukinojo replied. "Carefully tuned to the resonant frequency
of the desired storage location."

"That explains it, then." Geordi said, turning to Captain Picard.
"Mihoshi must have tried to access one of those sub-space storage
matrices during the transport. Sensors registered a burst of positrons
immediately before the matter stream was diverted."

Sasami, standing next Riker, shook her head slowly. "This is making my
head hurt."

Riker smiled, laying a comforting hand on Sasami's shoulder. To Geordi,
he asked "So what happened to Mihoshi?"

Geordi paused. "We're not sure. The matter stream remained intact, as
far as we can tell, so she definitely rematerialized in one piece. We're
just not sure where."

Picard nodded slowly. "Mister Worf, have our sensor sweeps of the area
detected any trace of her?"

"No, sir." Worf replied. "But sensors *are* picking up fluctuations in
the Yev'ash's shields and weapon systems."

"What kind of fluctuations?" Picard asked.

Data half-turned. "The readings indicate an imbalance in the Yev'ash's
power systems, sir. Their weapons have been rendered inoperable by the
imbalance."

"I guess we know why Captain Kila was called away." Riker commented.

"Indeed, Number One." Picard replied. "But what's causing it?"

---

Captain Kila stormed onto the bridge, glared momentarily at the
flickering lights, then turned to her first officer. "What's going on,
Marik?" she growled.

"The primary power distribution systems has been damaged, Captain." he
replied. "The power surge has damaged several system. Disruptors and
torpedo launchers are down."

"And the shields?"

"Still functioning, barely. We're attempting to determine the cause of
the damage." He pointed to the main screen, where a schematic diagram of
the ship was displayed. "Damage to the distribution system seems to be
confined to the primary power junction on deck six."

"Deck six? That's where..." Kila muttered, her eyes narrowing. "Is the
Federation spy still in the holding cell?"

"Internal sensors are non-functional, Captain." Marik walked to a nearby
intercom. "Holding area two, report on the prisoner."

"Sir!" came the frantic reply. "The prisoner has escaped!"

"WHAT?!" Kila shouted. "How is that possible?"

"Apparently she forced open an access panel, Captain." the guard replied
nervously. "She shorted out the force field, and damaged several other
systems as well."

"I see." To Marik, she said "Inform security that we have an intruder on
board. Do it quietly - let her think her escape has gone unnoticed. She
is to be apprehended at all costs. If she resists..." She smirked, "Kill
her. See to it yourself."

"Without internal sensors we'll have to conduct a deck-by-deck search,
Captain."

"Then you'd better get on with it." Kila growled. "Now."

"Immediately, Captain." Marik responded, heading for the turbo-lift.

Turning her gaze back to the main screen, Kila hissed through clenched
teeth. "It seems we have underestimated this Federation saboteur...
she's more clever than I thought."

---

"Why is it that you can never find a toilet when you really need one?"
Mihoshi sobbed, standing with legs crossed and tears streaming down her
face. "Would it be so hard to put up signs or something?" Glancing
around the empty hallway, Mihoshi sighed. "Where did everyone go,
anyway? How am I supposed to ask directions if there's nobody to ask?"
Her eyes fell on a doorway at the end of the hall. Legs still crossed,
she shuffled quickly towards it.

The doors swished open, to reveal a turbo-lift. Stepping inside, Mihoshi
looked around. "This looks like one of those elevators they have on the
Enterprise." She scratched her head. "How did they... ummmm... computer?
Hello, computer?"

"State desired destination." a mechanical, sexless monotone voice
replied.

"I need to get to a toilet!" she blurted.

"That is not a known deck or section. Please restate request."

Mihoshi blinked. "Toilet! I need a toilet!"

"That is not a known deck or section. Please restate request."

"Restate request? I don't understand. I just want to find a toilet!" She
began to sob. "Why don't you understand what a toilet is?"

"That is not a known deck or section. Please restate request."

Mihoshi put her hands to her head and leaned forward. "Oh, I give up."
Her head bumped against the wall. "Ouch!"

"Manual input accepted."

Mihoshi blinked as the turbolift began to move. "What? B-but I
didn't..." She glanced at the spot where she had bumped into the wall -
a panel covered with buttons. "Oh... I guess I did."

---

"We've completed searches of decks one through seven, Captain."

"No sign of her?" Kila asked.

"None, Captain. We're proceeding to deck eight."

Kila thumbed an intercom. "Engineering! How long before internal sensors
are operational again?"

"At least fifteen minutes, maybe more, Captain. The power junction has
been badly damaged, and the directive circuitry has been fused. I've got
my best people working on it, but we're stretched very thin. I'm
attempting to repair the sensors myself, but the damage is more severe
than I first thought."

"We need those sensors as soon as possible! Out!" Kila slammed a fist
down onto the console. "Where can that damn woman be?"

---

Stepping through the door, Mihoshi found herself standing in a
moderate-sized room, packed full of panels and monitors. Near the far
wall, a lone Romulan was studying the inside of an open panel. "Um....
excuse me?" Mihoshi said.

The Romulan looked up, startled. "What the... who are you? What are you
doing in here!?"

Mihoshi took a step back. "This isn't the toilet, is it?"

"The what?" The Romulan raced over to an intercom. "Security alert! We
have an intruder in Engineering!"

"There's really no need for that, I mean I can find the toilet all by
myself if you just give me directions." Mihoshi sighed. "Boy, all this
walking around is wearing me out." She leaned back against a console.

"What are you doing!?" The Romulan Engineer screamed, rushing towards
her. "Don't touch th-"

Without warning, the room lurched downward, knocking Mihoshi and the
Romulan crewman off of their feet. Instead of falling as she expected,
Mihoshi found herself floating several feet above the floor.

"You've shut down the gravity controls!" the Romulan yelped, rocketing
past Mihoshi and slamming into the wall.

"Oh, my! I'm so very sorry!" she gushed, moving her arms and legs in an
attempt to swim over to him. "I didn't mean to do that. Honestly, it was
an accident." Finding herself next to the panel she had sat on
initially, Mihoshi smiled. "Here, let me see if I can fix it." She
reached out and pressed on the console.

The Romulan's eyes widened. "NO!"

---

"Captain!" Worf reported. "Something's happened to the Yev'ash!"

"What? On screen." Picard commanded. The image changed to show the
Romulan Warbird.

Riker jumped to his feet. "What in the world?" The Yev'ash had rotated
so that it seemed to be standing on its nose, spinning in a slow circle.
As they watched, the left warp nacelle flashed and went dark. "Data,
what's going on?"

Data's hands flew over his console. "The Yev'ash's shields have failed.
Their artificial gravity systems have failed, and their drive systems
are off-line."

"What the hell's happening?" Riker asked, walking over to stand beside
the android.

"Unknown." Data replied.

Picard turned to Worf. "Hail them."

"Aye, Captain." Worf paused, checking his displays. "No response."

"Keep trying." Picard ordered. He turned to look at Beverly and Sasami,
who were standing by the turbolift. "Beverly, you had better take Sasami
back to sick bay."

Sasami shook her head. "I want to stay right here, until you find
Mihoshi."

Beverly knelt down. "Sasami, that's not a good idea, not right now."

"I'm staying." Sasami stated firmly.

"Captain." Data interrupted. "I have located Mihoshi." He looked at
Picard. "She is on board the Yev'ash."

"How did she get over there?" Riker asked.

"We'll deal with that later," Picard commented, "First, let's get her
back."

---

"Engineering!" Captain Kila's voice reverberated through the room.
"Report! What's going on down there!"

The Chief Engineer was floating near the ceiling. "Gravity controls
damaged, Captain. Attitude controls as well. Further, the warp core is
off-line." He glared at Mihoshi. "Our intruder has rendered us impotent,
Captain."

"I said I was sorry!" Mihoshi cried, performing a slow cart-wheel around
the compartment. "What more do you want?"

"Your head on a stake!" The Engineer spat. "Or perhaps a disruptor, set
on full!"

"There's need to be so rude about it." Mihoshi pouted. "It's not my
fault."

Kila's voice blared out again, drowning out the Engineer's reply. "How
long will it take to repair gravity control?"

"I've yet to determine the extent of the damage, Captain." he replied.
"The rest of my crew was out attempting to repair the systems that were
already damaged," he shot Mihoshi a withering look, "when this occured.
It will take them several minutes to get back."

Mihoshi, who had come to a rest near the floor, waved. "Excuse me."

"Enough excuses." Kila retorted. "Just get to work."

The Engineer sighed. "Immediately, Captain."

"Excuse me?" Mihoshi repeated, slightly louder. "Please?"

His expression souring, the Engineer growled "What do you want now?"

She blushed. "I... well.... I have to go."

"Look at the damage you've caused!" the Chief Engineer shouted,
brandishing a Intercouple Polarizer. "You're not going anywhere until
Security gets here!"

"You don't understand." Mihoshi giggled. "I don't need to go, I need to
go."

"What are you babbling about?"

"I need to use the toilet." Mihoshi explained, blushing. "All this
floating around is.... well... I mean..." She shifted uncomfortably. "I
really need to use the toilet."

"You must be kidding me." The Engineer frowned. "What kind of saboteur
are you?"

Mihoshi blinked. "Sabo-what?"

"Oh, never mind." He motioned towards a door on the far wall. "It's over
there."

"It is? Oh, thank you so very much! I really appreciate this!" She
reached out and pulled herself along the wall. Unexpectedly, she began
to drift upwards. As she scrambled for a handhold her hands brushed
across a button-encrusted panel and she grabbed a large red handle.

The Engineer paled. "What are you... DON'T!"

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------


Comments? Criticisms? Write me at : doppleganger@pipeline.com