Disclaimer : Tenchi Muyo! and all the characters thereof are the
property of Pioneer/AIC and such. Star Trek : The Next Generation and
all characters thereof are property of Paramount. None of the characters
in this fanfic are being paid for their appearance here, nor is the
author getting any profit from this work of fiction (as if!).

Futher, if you wish to archive this fanfic on a publicly-accessibly site
(be it Web, FTP, or whatever), I have no objections to that as long as
such does not bring any profit to anyone (if I don't make money off of
it, no one will make money off of it). All I ask is that you contact me
and let me know where the archive location is so I can check it out.

That said, on with the show...





                            THE MIHOSHI INCIDENT

                       Chapter 8 - Back to Square One

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------

"SHE DID WHAT?!" Captain Kila's voice rang out of the PA, echoing
painfully throughout the room.

Marik winced, massaging his ears. "She... ah... she ejected the warp
core, Captain."

There was a noticeable pause. "And how exactly did she manage to do
that?"

Marik glanced at the Chief Engineer. "As far as I can tell, she managed
to enter the proper Command Authorization Code and then activated the
ejection sequence."

"I see." There was another pause. "Have you captured the saboteur?"

"Yes, Captain." He allowed himself a slight smile. "Yes, we have."

>From inside a small room nearby, a plaintive wail could be heard. "How
am I supposed to do this with you guys watching me? I mean... oh, this
is so embarrassing... I mean, well, I just can't DO this with you
watching me!" She giggled nervously. "It's hard enough trying to do this
when I keep floating off of the seat, but with you watching me..." There
was a grunted reply in Romulan. "Oh... um... this is so embarrassing...
um... could you at least turn around, then? Please?"

---

"Why would they eject their warp core?" Riker asked incredulously.

"Unknown." Data replied from the Engineering station behind Worf.
"Sensors registered nothing amiss with the core prior to its ejection."

Riker frowned. "Yet they ejected it anyway?"

"Yes, Commander." Data paused. "If I may point out, Miss Mihoshi seems
to have a predilection for causing inadvertant reactions in both
personnel and equipment."

"She's a menace." Worf growled under his breath.

Data paused, then nodded. "The ejection of the Yev'ash's warp core could
be a result of her being on board."

Riker glanced back at Beverly and Sasami, then at Troi. "Deanna, are you
sensing anything?"

Troi thought for a moment. "It's difficult to make out any individual
emotions." she admitted. "I can only say for certain that the crew of
Romulan vessel is highly confused, and becoming moreso."

"This entire situation is becoming more confused." Picard commented.
"Tranporter room, have you locked onto Mihoshi?"

"Almost got her, Captain." the tech reported. "The fluctuations in their
power grid are playing havoc with the transporter lock. It should take a
few more moments."

---

A very relieved Mihoshi floated out of the toilet room. "Thank you.
Thank you so very much... I feel a lot better now."

"I'm glad." Commander Marik motioned to two guards. "Don't let her out
of your sight."

"What are you doing?" Mihoshi blurted, wriggling ineffectively in the
grasp of two Romulans. "I wiped the seat! Honest!"

Marik's eyes narrowed. "That's not the reason!" he shouted. "You have
come aboard this vessel without permission..."

"It was an accident!" Mihoshi wailed.

"...caused severe damage to our equipment..."

"All I did was open the door!"

"...intentionally diverted personnel away from Engineering..."

"I got lost!"

"...and broke in here to cripple this vessel!"

"I was looking for the toilet!" Mihoshi cried, tears filling her eyes.

"You are a Federation saboteur!" Marik shouted.

"No, I'm a Galaxy Police Officer." Mihoshi pouted. "I told Captain Kila
that... you can ask her. She'll vouch for me."

"Gah!" Marik cursed, the force of the outburst propelling him backwards
through the room. "I never would have believed that a Federation
saboteur could be so aggravating!"

"But I'm not a sabo-whatever! I'm a Galaxy Police Officer!" Mihoshi
blinked. "Honest." Her eyes widened slightly. "I feel funny." she
mumbled, clutching her stomach.

"I don't care what you feel." Marik stated bluntly. "I..." He blinked as
Mihoshi was enveloped by a glittering field of light. "Oh, damn! Execute
her!"

Mihoshi sniffed. "There's no need..."

---

The transporter field faded, Mihoshi standing in front of the main
screen. "...to be so rude about it." She blinked. "Oh, hello everyone."

"Mihoshi!" Sasami exclaimed, running over to her. "You're back!"

"I guess so." Mihoshi replied, looking around. "All this 'beaming' back
and forth is confusing me."

Riker walked up, clearing his throat. "Miss Mihoshi, are you alright?"
She nodded, and Riker frowned slightly. "Nothing... odd... happened
while you were over there?"

Mihoshi thought for a moment. "Ummmm..... well, it did take a long time
to find the toilet."

"The what?" Riker blurted. He looked back at Picard, who raised an
eyebrow. Riker turned back to Mihoshi. "Never mind."

Picard straightened the hem on his shirt. "Mihoshi, if you would be so
kind as to go with Doctor Crusher down to sick bay, we'd like to ensure
that you're unharmed." He glanced over at Beverly, who was trying to
hide a look of dismay. "Right, Doctor?"

Beverly sighed. "Right, Captain." To Mihoshi, she said simply, "This
way, please."

"Can I come too?" Sasami inquired. "I want to see how Ryo-Ohki is
doing."

"Sure you can." Beverly replied, smiling as she motioned to the open
turbolift. "Right this way."

Picard turned to Riker. "Number One, why don't you go with them. Let me
know if anything turns up."

Riker nodded. "Yes, sir."

"One more thing." Picard added quietly. "Make sure that Mihoshi doesn't
start wandering around the ship unescorted."

Riker frowned. "You expecting trouble, Captain?"

"Not at all." Picard said, shaking his head. "But it's a wise man who
takes precautions. I'd rather not see the Enterprise's warp core
floating aimlessly through space."

Riker suppressed a smile. "Understood, Captain. I'll keep an eye on
her."

---

Sasami uttered a muffled whistle of appreciation as she leaned closer to
the transparent cylinder, staring wide-eyed at the rainbow-hued liquid
within. "What is it?" she asked quietly.

Beverly looked up from the tricorder she was using to scan Mihoshi.
"That's Tiberian plankton."

"It's beautiful." Sasami breathed. "What's it for?"

"We're taking samples of it to Starbase 221 so they can study it for
possible medicinal uses." Beverly closed the tricorder. "Well, Mihoshi,
it seems that you're in perfect health."

Mihoshi, who was sitting on a med bed, smiled. "That's good to hear."
There was a muffled gurgling sound, and Mihoshi's hand flew to her
stomach. "Oh, my! Pardon me!" she apologized, face reddening. "I'm a bit
hungry."

Riker, standing next to Sasami, smiled. "No need to apologize."

"I'm hungry, too." Sasami added, looking up at Riker. "Can we get
something to eat?"

Riker thought for a moment. "I don't see why not. I'll take you down to
Ten Forward. There's bound to be something you'll like there."

Sasami looked over to the corner where Ryo-Ohki was happily munching on
a carrot. "Ryo-Ohki! We're going to get something to eat." The cabbit
mewed happily and jumped up onto her head. Sasami giggled, then turned
to Riker. "Ready."

Riker looked over at Mihoshi, who was peering into the reflective
surface of a nearby control panel. "Ready, Mihoshi?"

"...oh my, just look at my hair! It's a mess!"

"Mihoshi?" Riker tried again.

"What?" Mihoshi blurted, quickly straightening. "Oh! Yes, yes, I'm
ready."

"Right this way, ladies." Riker said, directing them towards the door.

Beverly watched them go, then sighed and rubbed her face with both
hands. "Thank God..."

A male tech walked over to her, data pad in hand. "Doctor?"

"Hmmm?" Beverly looked up. "What is it, Michael?"

"I, uh, I ran a sequence of microcellular scans on that small creature
while you were away..."

"Ryo-Ohki, you mean?" Beverly sighed. "And?"

Michael held out the data pad. "Better see for yourself."

---

The double-doors slid quietly open, and the quartet entered the bustling
chaos that was Ten Forward. Riker expertly guided them through the crowd
towards an empty table near the forward edge of the room.

"Wow, so many people." Mihoshi commented, cautiously lowering herself
into a chair.

Sasami was staring out the large viewport that dominated one wall of the
room. "Such a beautiful view!"

Riker smiled. "Glad you like it." He turned as a familiar figure
approached. "Ah, Guinan. Just the woman I was looking for."

"Not while I'm on duty, Commander." Guinan smiled. "And who do we have
here?"

"This is Mihoshi and Sasami."

"MREOW!"

"And Ryo-Ohki." Riker added quickly.

Guinan nodded. "Ah, our three guests from the stranded ship. I was
wondering if I was going to get a chance to meet them."

Riker turned to Mihoshi and Sasami. "This is Guinan. She's the host of
Ten Forward."

"Pleased to meet you." Mihoshi commented. Her stomach growled noisily.
"Oh, my! How embarrassing."

Guinan smiled. "Sounds like you've come to the right place. What can I
get for you? Commander?"

Riker held up both hands. "Nothing for me, thanks."

"Mihoshi?"

Mihoshi pursed her lips. "Gee, I don't know... what do you have?"

"Anything you can dream up, I can whip up." Guinan replied, smiling.
"Or, you can let me choose for you. They say I have a knack for picking
dishes that people like."

Riker nodded. "Trust her, she does."

"I'll let you choose for me." Sasami commented happily.

Mihoshi nodded. "So will I."

"Meow?" Ryo-Ohki added.

Guinan's eyebrows rose slightly. "I'll choose something for you, too."
With that, she turned and headed back to the bar.

Data's voice sounded from Riker's com-badge, "Data to Commander Riker."

Riker sighed. "What is it, Data?"

"Commander, I have some information regarding the repairs to Mihoshi's
vessel. Can you join me in Engineering?"

Riker glanced at his charges. "I'm a little busy right now, Data." He
paused. "Why don't you join me in Ten Forward?"

"Acknowledged, Commander."

"Mister Data's coming to join us?" Sasami asked.

"Looks like it." Riker replied. He leaned back in his chair. "So, you
come from Earth?"

Mihoshi nodded. "Yes. Well, no. Ummm.... yes and no." She paused. "We
didn't used to, but now we do. I mean, well.... um...."

"We're not from Earth, but we live there." Sasami explained. "We all
live with Tenchi, at his house."

Mihoshi nodded quickly. "That's what I meant."

Riker nodded slowly. "I see. Sounds interesting. We have a while before
Data gets here... why don't you tell me about it?"

"Sure!" Sasami thought for a moment. "Well, we all live at Tenchi's
house, like I said. It sits beside a beautiful lake, near his
grandfather's shrine..."

---

"Captain, we are being hailed by the Yev'ash." Worf reported.

Picard sighed, casting a glance at Troi as he did so. "On screen."

The starfield was replaced by the face of Commander Marik. "This is
Commander Marik of the Yev'ash. I demand that you return the Federation
saboteur known as Mihoshi to us immediately."

Picard rose to his feet, tugging on the hem of his shirt. "I am afraid
that Miss Mihoshi is not ours to give. She's not a member of the
Federation, and is aboard this vessel as a guest."

Marik's eyes narrowed. "You deny sending her to this vessel in order to
conduct a mission of espionage and destruction?"

"As I said, Mihoshi is not a Federation citizen, nor a member of
StarFleet."

"I don't believe you." Marik hissed.

Picard hesitated a moment. "Commander, how exactly did Mihoshi get
aboard your vessel?"

Marik frowned. "We don't know."

"Did your sensors register a transporter trace?"

His frown deepened. "No."

"Was there ever a point in time during this encounter that your shields
were down?" Picard asked.

"Not until after she was already aboard." Marik sighed heavily. "Captain
Picard, if you will give me a moment?"

Picard inclined his head slightly. "Of course, Commander."

He turned to Troi, signalling Worf to cut the audio as he did so.
"Councillor?"

"He believes that Mihoshi is not a Federation agent, Captain." Troi
replied. "However, he is at a loss to explain what has happened to his
ship, and he fears the repurcussions that may result. He's attempting to
save face."

"Having one's ship crippled by an incompetent would be severely
detrimental to one's career." Worf muttered.

Picard nodded. "Indeed. Mister Worf, audio on."

After several more moments, Marik returned to view. "Captain Picard, I
must report that Captain Kila has suffered a neurological breakdown as a
result of the stress of... recent events." He paused. "I have taken
command in her absence."

"I'm sorry to hear about your Captain's condition." Picard replied
honestly. "Is there anything we can do to assist you?"

Marik hesitated. "I shall... let you know. But for the moment, I must
concentrate my attentions on repairing my ship."

"We can beam over some repair crews, if it will help."

Marik frowned, deep in thought. "I doubt my superiors would agree to
such a transfer, Captain. But I shall pass along the offer."

"Fair enough, Commander."

---

Data and Guinan reached the table at the same time. Guinan spoke first,
"Ah, Data. Is there anything I can get you?"

Data shook his head. "No thank you, Guinan."

"Too bad." Guinan mused, setting down a large bowl of steaming liquid in
front of Mihoshi. "This is for you. It's Acamerian mudfish soup.
Considered to be a great delicacy by many species." Next she sat down a
smaller bowl. "And here's your drink."

"Thank you." Mihoshi bowed her head slightly, picking up the smaller
bowl and taking a sip. "Sake! How did you know?"

Guinan smiled sagely. "Like I said, I have a knack." She turned to
Sasami. "And this is for you." She placed a plate of white cubes
drenched in orange-colored gravy in front of her. "Poached Calamarian
kinepsis steaks. With a large glass of Imerthol fruit punch."

Sasami bowed politely. "Thank you very much."

Ryo-Ohki's ears shot up. "Mreow? Meow! Meow!"

Guinan laughed. "I didn't forget you." She sat another plate on the
table. "Earth-style carrot cake."

"Meee-yow!" the cabbit cried, hopping down onto the table.

"Enjoy." Guinan said laughingly. "I'll be back to check on you later."

Riker turned to Data, who had seated himself across the table, between
Sasami and Mihoshi. "So what was it you needed to tell me, Data?"

"We have nearly completed repairs to Mihoshi's vessel, Commander." Data
replied. "However, we are unable to replicate three key pieces of
equipment required to complete repairs to the ship's drive."

Riker nodded slowly. "I recall you talking about that earlier. Is there
any way to improvise a solution? Even a temporary one?"

"Commander LaForge and I have been attempting to devise a way to do just
that, but we have been unsuccessful so far." Data turned to look at
Sasami, who was staring at him. "Is there something about me you find
curious?"

Sasami blushed slightly. "I've never seen an android before." she
admitted. "Sorry."

"There is no need to apologize." Data pointed out. "I am incapable of
emotions, and thus you cannot inadvertantly 'hurt my feelings'."

"No emotions?" Sasami asked. "Oh... that must be terrible."

Data was about to reply, but Riker interrupted. "Data... was there
anything else?"

"Not at this time, Commander." Data replied. "I must point out,
Commander, that without a functioning drive system Mihoshi's vessel is
effectively useless as a means of transport."

Riker sighed. "Well, we'll have to tow them back to Federation space, to
avoid any further incidents with the Romulans, and decide what to do
from there."

"We can use Ryo-Ohki." Sasami said, forking a cube of steak into her
mouth. "Mmmmm.... this is delicious."

Data and Riker turned to face her. "What did you say?" Riker asked.

"We can use Ryo-Ohki." Sasami repeated. "She can turn into a spaceship."

Ryo-Ohki looked up. "Meow!"

"I find it highly unlikely that Ryo-Ohki could perform such a
transformation." Data replied. "There are no known species with such an
ability."

"Ryo-Ohki can." Sasami stated matter-of-factly. "She's a Space Pirate.
Right, Mihoshi?"

Mihoshi glanced up from the bowl of sake she was draining. "Umm...
right."

Sasami smiled. "See?"

Data looked at Riker, a puzzled expression crossing his features. "Space
Pirate?"

"Don't ask me." Riker shrugged, motioning to Ryo-Ohki. "Ask her."

Ryo-Ohki looked up, eyes glimmering. "Reow!"

Data was about to reply when Captain Picard's voice interrupted.
"Commander Riker, Commander Data, report to the bridge at once."

Riker frowned. "Riker here. What is it, Captain?"

"Sensors are registering an increase in the levels of tachyon particles
in the immediate vicinity, Commander." Picard replied. "You'd better
bring our guests along as well. They may be able to provide a clue as to
what's going on."

"On our way, Captain." Riker said, rising to his feet. "Data, you go
ahead of us. We'll catch up."

"Aye, sir."

Sasami waved. "Bye, bye, Mister Data."

Data paused. "I do not understand why you have said that. We will be
seeing each other again in a very short time."

"Data," Riker interrupted, "We'll talk about it later."

"Ah, I see, sir." Data turned and headed for the door.

Riker shook his head and turned back to the table. "Are you two rea...
where's Mihoshi?"

Sasami pointed towards the bar. "Over there."

Riker turned to see Mihoshi weaving her way through the crowd. "Um....
excuse me... oh, pardon me! I didn't mean to step on your... whatever
that is. Excuse me. Guinan! Miss Guinan! Could I... oh, pardon me....
could I get some more of that sake? To go?"

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------


Comments? Criticisms? Write me at : doppleganger@pipeline.com