Disclaimer : Tenchi Muyo! and all the characters thereof are the
property of Pioneer/AIC and such. Star Trek : The Next Generation and
all characters thereof are property of Paramount. None of the characters
in this fanfic are being paid for their appearance here, nor is the
author getting any profit from this work of fiction (as if!).

Futher, if you wish to archive this fanfic on a publicly-accessibly site
(be it Web, FTP, or whatever), I have no objections to that as long as
such does not bring any profit to anyone (if I don't make money off of
it, no one will make money off of it). All I ask is that you contact me
and let me know where the archive location is so I can check it out.

That said, on with the show...





                            THE MIHOSHI INCIDENT

                     Chapter 10 - Redhead to the Rescue

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------

"Isn't there any way to create a new hyperdrive propagator to repair
Mihoshi's vessel?" Picard asked, casting a sidelong glance at Mihoshi,
who was sobbing uncontrollably.

Washuu frowned. "Perhaps, if you had access to the proper fabrication
equipment. The Galaxy Police shipyards can't come up with anything as
complex as *I* could, but the construction techniques may be more
advanced than you are capable of."

"We'll never get back!" Mihoshi wailed. "I'll never see Tenchi again, or
Galaxy Police Headquarters, or any of my... my..." She took a deep
breath, "MY SOAPS!!"

Sasami patted her gently on the back. "I'm sure Miss Washu will find a
way." she soothed. "She's a genius."

On the screen, Washuu smiled. "You're absolutely right, Sasami. I *am* a
genius. And there might be a way, but I'm going to have to get a good
idea of the facilities available to us."

Sasami looked up. "How are you going to do that, Miss Washuu?"

Geordi glanced over from the Engineering station. "We could download a
complete listing of the Enterprise's fabrication and replication systems
capabilities to your location."

"Nah... wouldn't do me much good." Washuu sighed. "I need to get a
up-close and personal look at your systems."

Riker and Picard exchanged looks. "How do you plan to do that?" Picard
asked.

Washuu's smile broadened. "Why, that's simple, Captain. I'm going to
join you!"

"You're what?" Riker blurted.

Mihoshi blinked, wiping a sleeve across her tear-filled eyes. "You're
coming here, Miss Washuu?"

"Well, if you want to be picky about it, I'm going to use a
remote-controlled three-dimensional optical interface to project myself
onto your ship." Washuu replied. "Rather clever idea, don't you think?"

"A three-dimensional opto-what?" Mihoshi stammered.

"A hologram, Mihoshi." Washuu explained. "Do you have your cube?"

"Of course." Mihoshi replied, pulling a white puffball off of her belt
and compressing it. She held up the pink cube. "Here it is. Why?"

"I need you to set the cube so that it will act as a receiver for my
Interdimensional and Sub-space Trans-Molecular Scanner." Washuu paused.
"Mihoshi? What's wrong?"

Mihoshi was staring at the cube, her eyes glistening. "You want me to
set my cube to do that?" She looked up, blinking. "How do I do that?"

"You set it to receive remote signals." Washuu replied. "And to project
a holostatic field."

"Oh." Mihoshi answered softly. "Um.... how do I do that?"

Washuu rolled her eyes. "I should've guessed." She began furiously
typing on a hidden keypad. Her image winked out and was replaced by an
image of Mihoshi's cube.

"Hey!" Mihoshi cried. "That looks like a page from my cube's User's
Manual!"

"It *is* a page from the GP-issued User's Manual. I'm surprised you
recognize it." Washuu retorted. "Now, do exactly what it says... got
it?"

Mihoshi nodded. "I think so." The image on screen changed, and Mihoshi
twisted the cube accordingly. Another change, another twist. Another
change, another twist.

"Ummm... whoops." Mihoshi muttered.

A pink triangle of fabric appeared in the air above Worf's head,
fluttering down to settle gently over his face. He pulled it off
angrily. "What is..." The Klingon's eyes narrowed as he recognized what
he was holding. "GAH!" he shouted, flinging the panties at Mihoshi.

Her face flushing crimson, Mihoshi buried her face in her hands. "Oh,
my! I was wondering where those... I mean... oh, this is so
embarrassing!" She knelt down and picked up her wayward underclothes,
giggling nervously.

Washuu sighed. "Let's try again."

---

A muted crackle filled the bridge as Washuu's form materialized in front
of Sasami, who was holding Mihoshi's cube. Looking around, Washuu nodded
approvingly. "Ah, I knew this would work." She turned to the young
Juraian princess. "Thank you for helping, Sasami."

"Sure." Sasami giggled, running over to where Mihoshi was seated - on
the far side of the bridge, sorting through a pile of clothing, books,
empty candy wrappers, and other assorted items. "Here's your cube,
Mihoshi."

Mihoshi looked up. "Thank you Sasami." she replied, taking the cube
back. She spotted a blue-green vest and pulled it from the pile. "So
*that's* where I left it!"

Data approached Washuu, tricorder in hand. Studying the readouts, he
cocked his head. "Interesting... how do you stabilize the optical matrix
without a controlling emitter array?"

Washuu smiled. "Trade secret, my dear android." She turned to Picard.
"Ah, Captain. Can we get started?"

"Of course." Picard answered. "What would you like to see first?"

Washuu rubbed her chin. "I need to see the design and operating
specifications of your replication systems, as well as those of any
fabrication equipment you have on board."

"Captain." Worf interrupted. "I do not believe that we should allow any
of these individuals access to the Enterprise's computers. There are
matters of security..."

"Granted, Lieutenant." Picard replied. "Place security lock-outs on all
sensitive information. Will that suffice?"

Worf paused. "For now, Captain."

Washuu laughed softly. "All this concern over me... I'm flattered."

Picard sighed. "The engineering station is over here." he said,
motioning towards the back wall of the bridge.

Geordi half-turned. "I've called up the information you requested. Let
me know what you need to see, and I'll bring up the appro-"

"No need." Washuu interrupted, leaning forward and keying in several
commands. Data began scrolling across the displays.

"What the..." Riker muttered. "I thought you were simply a holographic
projection?"

"It wouldn't be a very good interface if I couldn't touch things, would
it?" Washuu replied, not turning from the readouts. "Hmmmm....
interesting. May I sit?"

"Ah.... go right ahead." Geordi replied, sliding out of the seat.

Washuu settled into the seat, fingers dancing gracefully over the
keypad. "Ah... energy-matter conversion matrices. Interesting..."

Beverly's voice sounded over the comm system. "Crusher to Picard."

Picard stepped away from the group. "Go ahead, Doctor."

"Could you join me in sick bay, Captain? There's something I think you
need to see."

Picard frowned. "I'm rather busy at the moment, Doctor. Our guests-"

"This directly relates to our guests, Captain." she interrupted.

"I see." He turned to Riker. "Commander, you have the bridge. I'll be
down in sick bay."

---

The doors slid open and Picard walked into sick bay. Beverly looked up
as he did so. "Ah, Jean-Luc. This way."

Following her into her office, Picard sighed. "What is it you wanted to
show me, Beverly?"

"It's in regards to our guests." she replied. "Specifically, Ryo-Ohki."

"Ryo-Ohki? What about her?" Picard asked.

Beverly activated the wall screen. An image of a crystalline matrix
appeared. "This is a molecular scan that we ran on Ryo-Ohki. Does it
seem odd to you?"

Picard studied the display for several moments before shaking his head.
"I'm afraid not, Beverly. Should it?"

"Keep watching." Beverly replied, keying in several commands. The image
began to enlarge as the maginification increased, revealing more and
more intricate patterns.

"It looks like a Mandelbrot Set." Picard commented.

"That's a close enough analogy." Beverly replied, shaking her head
slowly. "I'm not sure how it's possible, but Ryo-Ohki's molecular
structure consists of a great deal of inorganic material contained in an
unbelievably compressed state."

"How much is a 'great deal'?" Picard asked.

Beverly paused. "These scans indicate an amount on the order of
thousands of metric tons. The sensors in sick bay aren't sensitive
enough to pinpoint it any further."

"All of that is contained within one small creature?"

"According to these scans, yes. I'm at a loss to explain it, Jean-Luc."

"Perhaps we shouldn't even try." Picard commented. He raised a hand to
stop her protest. "Beverly, we're dealing with beings from another
dimension. Undoubtedly, there are going to be things about them that we
will find difficult to understand."

"I realize that, Captain. But squeezing several thousand tons of matter
into a five-kilo animal the size of Data's cat? Think of the potential
uses if we could determine how they accomplished that!"

"I completely agree." Picard replied. "And normally, I'd be the first to
want to know. But I also have to consider the safety of this ship, and
in that light I would prefer to have our guests off of the Enterprise at
the earliest opportunity."

"Why, Captain," Beverly chided, "Where's your sense of hospitality?"

"It's doing very well, thank you. But I'd rather not face the same fate
as the Yev'Ash." Picard paused. "There's something distinctly unnatural
about our guests, in case you haven't noticed. And the longer they
remain on this ship, the more concerned I become that something
disastrous is going to happen."

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------


Comments? Criticisms? Write me at : doppleganger@pipeline.com