Disclaimer : Tenchi Muyo! and all the characters thereof are the
property of Pioneer/AIC and such. Star Trek : The Next Generation and
all characters thereof are property of Paramount. None of the characters
in this fanfic are being paid for their appearance here, nor is the
author getting any profit from this work of fiction (as if!).

Futher, if you wish to archive this fanfic on a publicly-accessibly site
(be it Web, FTP, or whatever), I have no objections to that as long as
such does not bring any profit to anyone (if I don't make money off of
it, no one will make money off of it). All I ask is that you contact me
and let me know where the archive location is so I can check it out.

That said, on with the show...





                            THE MIHOSHI INCIDENT

                     Chapter 11 - Of Plans and Cabbits

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------

"How can you operate with such primitive equipment?" Washuu muttered,
then leaned back in the seat and stretched her arms over her head. "I
feel like I'm in the ancient artifacts wing at the Science Academy
Museum." she mused.

"Have you found a way to get us home?" Sasami asked softly.

Washuu pursed her lips. "Not yet."

Mihoshi uttered a strangled sob. "Not yet?"

"That's what I said." Washuu quickly added, "But that doesn't mean that
there isn't a way. It's just taking longer to find than I thought."

"Are you saying that our replicators can't handle the operation?" Geordi
asked incredulously.

"It's not that." Washuu answered. "Replicating the Propagator itself is
a simple enough matter. The problem is that you don't have anything on
board that's capable of replacing the Propagator's power unit."

"Do you mean that the Hyperdrive Propagator is not powered by the ship's
engine core?" Data asked.

"Right." Washuu nodded. "It takes a separate source of high-level
quantum radiation to power the Propagator."

"What do they use to power the Propagator under normal conditions?"
Riker asked.

Washuu blinked. "A separetely-contained quantum singularity, of course."

Riker looked at Geordi, who shrugged. "Of course."

"Isn't there another way to power the Propagator?" Geordi enquired.

"Not without re-designing the whole thing." Washuu replied. "Which we
may have to do anyway. I *was* hoping to get this all over with quickly,
however."

Riker's eyebrows rose. "Why the rush?"

Washuu paused. "Well... Ryoko volunteered to cook breakfast tomorrow
morning." She shuddered. "I'd rather not have to go through that."

Sasami nodded slowly. Looking up at Riker, she whispered, "Ryoko uses
too much seasoning."

"Last time she tried her hand at cooking, she dissolved the stove."
Washuu corrected.

Riker smiled. "I understand. I think."

The doors to the turbolift slid open and Captain Picard stepped onto the
bridge. "Any progress, Number One?"

Riker shook his head. "Not really. We can repair the device itself, but
we can't replace the quantum singularity that powers it."

"A quantum singularity?" Picard muttered. He looked at Washuu. "Is that
what's required to complete repairs?"

Washuu nodded. "Basically, yes."

Picard cracked a slight smile. "It seems that Mihoshi may have presented
us with the means of her own rescue."

Mihoshi blinked. "I did? Really?"

"Of course." Picard replied. Turning to Data, he ordered, "Mister Data,
if you would be so kind as to locate the Romulan's warp core?"

Data nodded. "Aye, sir." He headed for his station.

Riker smiled. "Why didn't I think of that?"

"I'm afraid you've lost me, Captain." Washuu admitted.

"Me too." Mihoshi added.

"The Romulans use a quantum singularity to power their ships." Riker
explained. "While Mihoshi was on their ship there was some sort of
accident, and their power core was ejected."

Washuu laughed. "I see. And," she cast a glance at Mihoshi, "I am not
surprised."

"Captain," Data interrupted, "I have located the Romulan power core. It
is currently at bearing 279 mark 104. Distance fourteen thousand
kilometers."

"Is the singularity intact?" Riker enquired.

"Scanning." Data replied. "The warp core's emergency containment field
is still functioning at forty-five percent. Field integrity failing at a
rate of three point two percent per minute." "

That gives us about fifteen minutes." Riker noted.

"Fourteen minutes, three point seven five seconds to be exact." Data
replied.

Picard turned to Geordi. "How long will it take to repair the
Propagator?"

"Given the schematics supplied by Washuu," Geordi answered, "It should
take about ten minutes. Maybe less."

"Begin at once." Picard replied. "Lieutenant Data, assist Lieutenant
LaForge in Engineering."

"Aye, sir." Data said promptly, moving to join Geordi in the turbolift.

Turning to the ensign sitting at the helm, Picard ordered "Bring us to
within two thousand kilometers of the Romulan power core and maintain
position."

Riker frowned. "Assuming that a replacement Propagator can be replicated
in time, that still leaves Mihoshi's vessel without a functioning drive
system."

"Indeed." Picard seconded. "Miss... I mean, 'Little Washuu,' is
Mihoshi's vessel capable of navigating the interdimensional pathway
without a functioning propulsion system?"

"No need to worry about that, Captain." Washuu answered. "I've already
got that one figured out." She smiled. "We'll need access to an external
airlock or similar structure. As long as it has ready access to space."

"How about the transporter room?" Riker asked.

Washuu shook her head. "Afraid not. We need direct access. Having one's
component molecules turned to energy and then back to matter would
interfere with the underlying sub-molecular properties that are required
for the transformation enzymes to function properly."

"I see your point." Picard interrupted. "Mister Worf, would you
accompany our guests to shuttle bay one?"

"Aye, sir." Worf growled.

"Little Washuu?" Picard enquired, "If I might ask, why do you need
access to space?"

"Well, we need a ship to tow Yukinojo through the pathway." she
answered. "So, we're going to use Ryo-Ohki."

"Ryo-Ohki?" Picard exchanged looks with Riker, who shrugged.

"Yep. We'll stick her outside and have her tow the ship through the
pathway." Washuu smiled as the turbolift doors opened behind her. "After
all, she's the best choice."

The cabbit bobbed a happy affirmative. "Mreow!"

"And once the propagator is repaired, the field will encompass both
ships." Washuu snapped her fingers. "Just like that."

Picard frowned. "I'm afraid I don't follow."

"She can turn into a spaceship!" Sasami explained.

"Turn into a... spaceship?" Picard repeated slowly.

"Of course." Washuu's grin broadened even more as she stepped into the
turbolift. "You don't think I created her just to look cute, do you?"

"Aren't you coming with us?" Sasami asked Riker and Picard.

Picard shook his head. "We've got a few things to discuss here first.
We'll join you as soon as we can."

"Ah." Sasami smiled.

Picard heaved a weary sigh as the turbolift doors slid shut. "A
spaceship." he said simply. "Now things are beginning to make a little
more sense."

"A little more sense, Captain? Is there something I should know?" Riker
asked.

Picard nodded. "Doctor Crusher has relayed some rather... intriguing
information to me regarding our guests."

"You mean that Ryo-Ohki is a starship in disguise?" Riker commented
idly. At Picard's questioning look, he elaborated. "Sasami and Mihoshi
told me that while we were in Ten Forward. They both seemed to believe
it, but I thought they were joking." He gazed at the turbolift. "I guess
they weren't."

"Apparently, Number One." Picard sighed wearily. "Doctor Crusher had
some scans run on Ryo-Ohki, and discovered that there are several tons
of material compressed inside of her. She found *that* rather hard to
believe, as well. I'm not sure what to think, now."

"One thing is for certain, Captain." Riker pointed out.

"What's that?"

"Starfleet Command will never believe a word of it."

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------


Comments? Criticisms? Write me at : doppleganger@pipeline.com