The Characters from previous Tenchi series along with the Juraian naval
forces are not mine but Pioneer’s but except for the Ugami, Ryo-Okhi and

Ken-Okhi I developed the names for the ship classes and the ships’ names

for purposes of idnetification..  The ship frame for the Michigan and
sister
ships as well as the Starfury and the Thunderbolt and Technology used by

the crew and even the jump gate and jump points and hyperspace and the
military attire of the Galactic Patrol are not mine but Warner Brothers’
and
J. Micheal Straczynski’s.  The Mantaians and Cheetahens as well as
Ryouko’s and Nagi’s race, the Ent are mine.  I am not looking to pay
royalty
fees or lawsuit settlements.  I expect no profit from my story.  Also
all
names not in previous Tenchi series were formed in my imagination.  Any
name mentioned that you know is purely coincidence.

 “Good evening,” a man with bushy blond hair and glasses was speaking.
“In the news tonight we have very important information from planet
Jurai.  A new
emperor has been approved by the console.  We will have more information
as it
comes to us.
 “We also have received word that the ruins of another Raider base was
found in the Outer Rim Territories.  It seemed the attack was carried
out with
military precision.  The Galaxy Police condemned the attacker as a
vigilante
group.”  He continued.

 What is truth?
 What is justice?
 What is peace?
 What are they but consepts.
 In the Solian (human) year 2020 these luxuries are lost.  Now the crew
of
the Michigan tries to rediscover them.  Under the Command of General
Casaheto
Masaki they search for the truth, fight for justice and try to restore
peace.
 One question baffles them.  Who is the man on thrown of Jurai and waht
has he planned for us?
Tenchi’s Michigan
Episode I Opening Shots

 A green, scaly hand with webbed fingers turned off the vid screen.  It
belonged to Ando Aquillious a General in the “vigilante group” that had
beaten up
the raiders for at least a century.  “You know thirty years ago we would
be hailed
as heroes.  That was the largest impact on outer rim cargo ferrying for
the past
decade.”
 General Casaheto Masaki was sitting across from Aquillious in the zero
gravity of the shuttle.  He enjoyed weightlessness.  It was calming and
relaxing.
“Ever since that d--- superioretist regent came into power we have had
nothing
but trouble.  If the Jurai had nothing to do with something good he’d
pull the
strings to make it sound bad.  He died like a dog and a part of me says
that’s fine
with me.”
 “Well at least the emperor is a new face.”  Aquillious placed his arms
behind his head.  “Maybe he’ll be better?”
 “I doubt it.”  Masaki sighed.
 “What,” Aquillious was puzzled.
 “About the new destroyers.”  Masaki quickly the subject.
 “Well we now have the leanest, meanest ships on the block.”  Aquillious

motioned the window.
 Out side two ships gracefully navigated the asteroid field.  They were
designed like the Excaliper in Crusade.  They were more rounded than the
other
starships used by the Galactic Patrol.  Both had three wing like
structures juttting
out the rear of them.  the trapezoid shaped appendages ended with a
rectangular
prism that housed the main thrusters.  The bough was an elongated oval
that
opened in the front.  There the forward Fusion Cannons were in place.
The oval
was connected to a neck.  On the bottom of the neck a flab of metal
drooped
down to signify the main hangar.  The main body was in the rear of the
ship and
ended in half of an elongated sphere were the rear Fusion Cannons were
mounted.  On the ship were the Neutron Lasers.  Two in front, one in the
middle
and two on the stern.  On the “wings” bulges signified where the
interceptors
were mounted.  Five in front and three back.  The ships were also not
just for
war.  They were also useable as transports, hospitals, laboratories and
several
other important tasks.
 “The one closest to us is the Ontario, my ship.”  Aquillious introduced
them
to Masaki.  “The other is the Michigan, its yours if you want it.”
 “I think I’ll take it.”  Masaki was admiring the new ships.  “Besides I
heard
that my daughter is currently in command pending the choosing of the
Commanding Officer.”
 “The commander is one h--- of a lady.”  Aquillious remembered the
battles
he fought along side Commander Achika Ericson.
 “Don’t forget that she’s married.”  Masaki commented.  “Which reminds
me
I better get back to Earth.  They don’t believe I’m dead and it’s been
more than a
week.”
 “How’s your Grandson?”  Aquillious asked.
 “He’s ready,” Masaki nodded.  “He will be one h--- of a fighter pilot.”

 The next night Casaheto Masaki landed back on Earth.  He abruptly went
to bed and slept.  By the time he awoke it was sun up.  He stared at his
light
house.  It seemed to stand there, waiting.  Masaki smiled, that light
house had
been his livelihood on Earth for a half century.  Lake Michigan was
calm, which
was usual for April.  The western horizon over the lake was clear.  It
was going to
be a great day in Emmett County Michigan.

 “Breakfast is ready!”  Sasami announced with a little shrill in her
voice.
 “I’m up,” Aeka grumbled.  She had all ready gotten into her school
uniform.
 Tenchi (Al to his friends in school) never like the school uniforms.
He
commented that it felt like his neck was in a sling on one occasion.  At
least the
jacket wasn’t required now.  Actually it was how he typically dressed
but not in a
button down shirt.
 The ones not awake were Ryouko and Tsunami.  Tsunami was having a
dream and from her tossing and turning it was not a very pleasant one.
 Tsunami was on cliff overlooking a massive fire that spanned as far as
she
could see.  She coughed on the heavy choking smoke.
 “You wouldn’t believe it’s night would you?”  A voice came from in
front of
her.  It was a man in a strange jump suit.  He looked to be either to be
Jurai or
human.
 She turned her attention skyward.  Above her  was a ceiling of smoke
not
even a kilometer over head.  “Where is this place?”  She responded.
 “This is... can be Jurai.”  The man spoke again.
 “You can’t be serious.”  Tsunami approached the figure.
 “I’m deadly serious.”  The man thundered.  Tsunami stopped.  “This is a

Jurai that lived under the yoke of oppression because of a man who
hungered for
power.  He burned this world.  He also burned my people.  He feared us.”

 “I don’t understand.”  Tsunami was puzzled.
 “If we lose this is what happens to Jurai.”  The man turned around.
Tsunami gasped.  His right arm was in a sling.  Blood was plastered to
the corner
of his lip.  He had bruises all over his face but she could still make
out who he
was, he was Tenchi.  Over his heart was a black patch with the word
Ericson in
Yellow.
 “NOOOO,” Tsunami woke up to her room.  She was breathing heavily and
her heart was racing.  It was a dream, no a nightmare.  She heard her
sister
yelling that breakfast was ready.

 “Down stairs Everyone but Ryouko was eating breakfast.”  Tsunami was
straightening up her uniform.  She and Aeka were required by their
father to
attend an Earth School.
 “How can you eat that cold?”  Aeka was disgusted about Washu and
Tenchi eating cold Arby’s sandwiches.
 Tenchi swallowed.  “One bite are a time.”
 Tsunami saw the flames on the stove and flashed back to flames on
Jurai.
 “Are you all right?”  Tenchi looked up at her.
 Tsunami remembered the battered and bruised Tenchi from her dream.
“I’ll eat in family room.”  She sat down by John Ericson.  He was
Tenchi’s dad.
He was a bit of skirt chaser since his wife had disappeared.
 “Is there anything wrong, you look a little flushed?”  John asked.
 “No, everything’s fine.”  Tsunami tried to hide it.
 “I’ll be leaving soon.”  Casaheto stated.
 “Leaving, but you just got here.”  Sasami was surprised.
 “You’ve been gone for than a week.”  Washu was getting suspicious.
“What’s really going on?”
 “I only had time to get a good night’s rest and a good meal.”  Casaheto
got
up and left.
 “I don’t know what’s weirder,” Washu whispered to Tenchi.  “Grandpa’s
odd leave of absences or Tsunami’s sudden isolation.  She almost seemed
to
scared of you.”
 “I know,” Tenchi finished his sandwich.  “I swear, this is insane.  I
feel like
I’m going senile already sometimes.”

 Grandpa pulled into a clearing.  He tapped a device on his wrist.
“Send
the shuttle.”  He spoke into it.
 Within minutes a delta shaped shuttle landed near by.  He walked
towards
the transport as the belly hatch opened.  Three men came out.  Two of
them
were Cheetahen security guards and the other was Aquillious.
 When Masaki had bordered the shuttle with Aquillious the two guards
also
boarded.  The Cheetahen pilot raised them from the ground and within
minutes
they were seeing stars.  They streaked through space towards the jump
gate that
Kyonne and Moshi had put in place.  The pilot pressed several keys and
the gate
came to life.  Pulses of energy ran down the structure and converged.
When
they did a yellow oval-shaped singularity formed.  As they jumped Masaki
could
feel he body being charged as if he was about to be struck by
lightning.  Within a
second they were in hyperspace.  The folded space where ships could
travel
faster than light itself.

 Tsunami tried to use her school work to get her mind off the dream.  It
was
working but not completely.  Tenchi’s face smeared with blood just
wouldn’t leave
her head.  She worked hard the entire day to forget the horrible
experience.
When she got home she had a sneaking suspicion that she should go into
space.
 Aeka was inside rummaging through her bag.  Three Dimensional
Trigonometry was a grueling subject.  Tsunami with some help from Tenchi
was
able to get it.
 Tsunami got out a Juraian Radio Control for unmanned, small ships.  She

called for her ship the Funaho II.  It raised out of the water and set
down on the
shore.  The lake was only a half kilometer long.  Grandpa would jokingly
call it
“Little Water.”  Lake Michigan was a short jog from the house.  This
lake was a
place to fish, swim and land ships.
 Inside Sakuya came over.  They were working on right triangular
piremids.
Even Tenchi was a little baffled.  They gave a metric ton of information
through.
 “Hey Al,” Sakuya spoke up.  “Could  this triangle on the base’s
hypotenuse
also be right?”
 “His name’s not Al.”  Aeka moved in between the two.  “His name is
Tenchi.  Yes my Lord Tenchi.”  She began to maul him.
 “That’s just what people in school like to call me.”  Al slipped out of
Aeka’s
grasp.  Aeka fell to the floor.  “Hey, Brent, Emogasaki, you better help
me with
this or there’s going to be a cat fight over here.”
 Brent and Emogasaki were reading over a chapter on the cold fusion
theory.  They had already finished their Math but their test on the
Albanian
Genoside Trials was tomorrow so they soon switched to their modern
history
books.
 “Sorry Al,” Emogasaki apologized.  “We’re too wrapped up in our school
work.”
 “No hard feelings.”  Brent also responded.
 Sasami came in the door.  She went to the local grade school.  Aeka got

up and pulled a chair over to the counter.  She was going to stay in
between
Sakuya and Al.. I mean Tenchi.. whatever.
 “Where’s Tsunami?”  Tenchi asked.
 “She’s outside getting into her ship.”  Sasami causally answered.
 “What,” Aeka ran out followed by Tenchi and Sasami.
 Outside Tsunami was climbing the rungs on the Funaho II’s hull to the
access hatch.  Ayeka stopped at the base of the ship.  “Just where do
you think
your going?”
 “Somewhere,” Tsunami got into the ship.  “You better step away.”  The
Funaho II roared to life.  The Gravametric Drive came on line the ship
lifted slowly
into the air.  The Gravity seemed to change randomly under Ayeka’s and
Tenchi’s
feet.  Gravametric drive effects the gravity force near it.  The Funahu
II shot up
into the atmosphere.

 Funaho II was named after one of the last queens in the direct line.
It had
an unusually well designed defense system but it was small and lacked
decent
offensive power.  Like with the shuttle before her, Tsunami used the
Jump Gate
to enter hyperspace.

 In the Trojan Asteroid Field General Masaki was admiring the Michigan.
The ship was huge.  It spanned over two kilometers in length.  All the
testing was
complete and now it was time for the christening and the maiden voyage.
 “This is quite a ship you’ve got here.”  General Masaki was talking
with
Arten Coners, the ship’s designer and construction supervisor.
 “The bridge,” Coners showed him the bridge, the last leg of the tour.
“We
decided on a linear bridge.  The rooms in the back include the Map Room,

Conference Room and the Captain’s Personal Office.
 “Commander Ericson ready to surrender Command to General Masaki,
sir.”  Commander Achika Ericson was standing at attention in front of
the
General.
 “Thank you Commander.”  General Masaki sat down in the command
chair.  When off duty she was the daughter he raised, but on duty she
was the
type who runs a ship like a well oiled machine.  She would be the
perfect
replacement if something happened to him.

  Funaho II was traveling through hyperspace.  Tsunami was confused
about what she was looking for.  Then a klaxon went off.  Six heavy
Assault
Vehicles were heading straight for her.  They were Juraian Sumac
Frigates.
 Tsunami gave a sigh of relief.  The ships were closing at an unusually
fast
speed.
 On board the lead Sumac the captain was in his seat on the pinnacle of
the bridge console.  The computer had identified the spaceship as a
Sycamore
class Royal Transport.  It wasn’t like the earlier Catalpas, this one
was small, fast
and couldn’t attack.  That’s why a half squadron of Sumacs were
dispatched.
 “We’ve found our target, now we can attack.”  Captain Adr Nor
commanded.
 “Sir, their hasn’t been an engagement in hyperspace that hasn’t
dissolved
into a disaster.”  One of the crew members gave him some advice.
 “I’m well aware of that Lieutenant.”  Nor responded.  “We’ll overwhelm
her,
then we’ll capture the princess and return to friendly territory.”
 The Sumacs dove at Tsunami’s ship.  They fired their Pulse Cannons.  A
few volleys came very near the Funaho II.  Tsunami didn’t even take a
second to
try to escape.  The Sumac and Sycamore were built with the same speed
ranges
they were easily matching her speed.  The only thing Tsunami could think
of was
to send out a distress call.

 On the Michigan the distress call was received.
 “Sir, we have a distress call coming from Hyperspace.  Located between
the third and fourth orbits of this system, heading starward.”  The
Communications officer had a pair of head phones to his ear.  The
Mantarian
then tapped several keys on his console.  The image of Tsunami came up
onto
the screen.
 “This is to anyone in the Sol star system.  I’ve come under attack.  I
count
maybe a half dozen.”  Tsunami sounded frantic.
 “The source of the signal has left Hyperspace near the third planet.”
The
Mantarian weapons officer reported.  She plotted the location.
 “There’s a Galaxy Police Jump Gate in that area.”  General Masaki got
up
and examined the readout.  “We’re heading out, set course for the third
planet at
maxim burn.”
 “What are we going to do?”  Commander Ericson turned to him.
 “The Michigan, straight off the carrot truck is going to find the
neighborhood bully and kick his a--.”  The General sat back down in his
chair.
 The Michigan formed a jump point a couple of kilometers ahead of it.
Then it’s engines flared as it jumped into hyperspace.

 The Funaho II burst out of hyperspace with the Sumac’s only a kilometer

behind.  Tsunami was in what earthers call a pickle.  She couldn’t make
to Earth
without them shooting her out the sky.
 One last option remained.  She hoped that they weren’t too busy
fighting to
answer.

 The Michigan was racing at top speed through Hyperspace.  On the bridge

General Masaki wore a grave expression on his face.  “Faster, we’ve got
to go
faster.”
 “This is all the faster she’ll go sir.”  The helmsmen answered.  The
Juraian
watched as the line representing the third orbit closed.

 On Earth’s surface Azaka and Kamidake entered the room where
everyone was engaged in something.  “We have a message from Tsunami.”
Azaka announced.
 “Let us hear it.”  Aeka stood up.
 Azaka projected a holographic image of Tsunami.
 “I’ve under attack over Earth.”  Tsunami was panicked.
 Ryouko came out of her room and yawned.
 “Well, up before sundown, that’s quite an accomplishment.”  Aeka turned

to greet Ryouko.
 “I need help out here.”  Tsunami’s image wavered because her ship was
struck by one of the energy pulses hailing down on her.
 “Fire up the pet.”  Ryouko turned to Sasami.
 “Ryo-Okhi’s too tired to be much help.”  Sasami answered.  Ryo-Okhi was

sound asleep on her head.
 “What about the Ugami?”  Aeka wondered out loud.
 “They’re beyond Saturn’s orbit even in hyperspace they couldn’t get
here
in time.”  Tenchi answered that one.
 Tsunami’s image disappeared into static.  “I’ve lost the signal.”
Azaka
turned the projection off.
 “They must be jamming her.”  Kamidake explained.
 “Oh no, Tsunami.”  Aeka screamed.

 A jump point formed eclipsing the sun.  The Michigan jumped out and
they
could see the battle if you could call it that.
 “Aren’t those the Sumac’s that have been knocking out our fighter
patrols.”
The Navigator was inspecting the attacking parties.  Cheetahens had an
unually
long sight range.
 “Well, let’s do the entire star system a service and put them out of
their
misery.”  Commander Ericson responded.  “Right sir?”
 “I couldn’t agree more.”  General Masaki leaned back.

 The Funaho II was hit hard.  “Defenses down,” the computer reported.
 Tsunami thought she was doomed.  The Sumac’s were preparing to
surround her.

 “Now we got her.”  Nor clenched his fist.  Then the Sumac on his
Starboard side exploded into flames.  “What was that?”
 “There seems to be a ship that’s placed itself between us and the local

star and using the glare to hide from our sensors.  10 klicks and
closing.”  The
sensor officer was reporting what was on his readouts.
 “Send Sumacs 3 through 5 to get it.”  Nor was frustrated.
 Three of the Sumacs broke off the formation and headed for the
Michigan.

 “We got three bogies heading right for us.”  The Michigan’s sensor
officer
put the sensor information up on the main screen.
 “Red Alert, all hands to battle stations.”  General Masaki ordered.
“Bring
forward Interceptors up and ready.”
 The Sumacs fired their Light Pulse Cannons.  The Michigan’s Interceptor

Batteries fired destroying the pulses before they hit the Michigan.  One
hit the
hull.  Inside the sound was like being inside a bell when it’s struck.
 “Fire the forward batteries.”  General Masaki commanded.  The weapons
officer targeted the closest Sumac, turned the safety on the forward
guns off and
fired.
 Green Fusion Beams fired out of the Michigan’s bow.  The targeted Sumac

took five hits before it was destroyed by the onslot.
 “One Sumac down.”  The weapons officer instinctively targeted the next
Sumac.  It was attempting a firing run on Michigan’s port side.
Brighter Green
Neutron Lasers Shot at the attacker.  One blew off its stern and a
second made a
direct hit on the Control Pod.  When the first recharged it finished the
job.
 “Two down one to go.”  General Masaki got up and peered through the
windows in the front of the bridge.  The bridge was consumed by chatter
between
the bridge crew and other personelle.
 The third was racing across the Michigan’s Starboard side.  A Neutron
Laser blew off its stern.

 “Blow the super structure.”  The Captain ordered.  The wooden structure

surrounding the Control Pod blew off.

 “Lock on that Pod with a Gravity Beam.”  General Masaki returned to his

seat.
 The Michigan turned as a beam shot out from above its main hanger.  The

beam gripped the Pod and began to pull it in.
 “Now we can some answers.”  Commander Ericson was pleased.
 “We have an energy build up in the pod.”  The sensor officer was
checking
through his readouts.
 The pod exploded from the inside out.  The Michigan jolted from the
explosion’s shock wave.
 “They self-destructed.”  General Masaki was a little surprised.  “What
ever
they’re doing her they don’t want anyone to find out.”
 “The last two are still on that ship’s tail.”  Commander Ericson went
back to
the Tactical Display.
 The Michigan began to close on the last of the Frigates.  The forward
Fusion Cannons were fully charged.  The Sumac not under Nor’s command
went
to intercept them with a kamikaze attack.
 “Fire all forward batteries now.”  The General jumped from his seat.
The
Sumac was lost in an hail of Fusion Beams.  The Michigan shuttered as
the
debris cloud rushed over the Michigan.
 “The last one is all that’s left.”  The weapons officer was targeting.
 “Take him out of my sky!”  General Masaki gave the order.

 A Fusion beam went straight through the ship vaporizing Nor and his
crew.
After a few more hit the last Sumac was destroyed.

 The Funaho II was in bad shape.  Tsunami could only send an audio
message to the Michigan.  “My retro thrusters are down.”

 “Cut your engines and try to maneuver into our hangar.”  General Masaki

was still breathing hard.  “Tell hangar control to activate the friction
screens.”
 Blue energy screens formed in the hangar tube.  The inner most one was
right by the force field that kept the atmosphere in the hangar.
 Tsunami maneuvered carefully.  The Funahu II jolted as it hit the first

screen.  It also decelerated.  The ship was slowed to crawl as it
entered the
atmosphere of the hangar.  Gravity beams brought it down on a pad.
 General Masaki and Commander Ericson strode up in military fashion.
The hatch opened to reveal Tsunami.  She had a few bumps and bruises and
her
clothing was a little wringkled but she was alright.
 When Tsunami looked at the commanding officer of the Michigan she
gasped.  It was Grandfather.  “Grandpa.”

To Be Continued...

Oh yeah theX-over sight seems to be slower than the Regular, just
thought you would like to know.
Dave
