Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com

==========
Standard Disclaimer:  Pioneer and AIC own Tenchi Muyo!  and all related
characters.  I am just borrowing them for a little bit.  Don't sue me,
because you can't get anything out of me.

HOWEVER!  Monstra is 100% mine.  Feel free to use her IF you get my
permission, and IF you give me credit.  Otherwise, you're on her hit
list.  And, you know how those turn out.

Monstra:  Tenchi Muyo!

==========

October 29th, 1998, 3:13 a.m.

        <They've been fighting for a long time.  Nothing I say will get
through.>  "Tenchi!  Stop!" she yells.  <He didn't here me!  He's
walking away with her!>  "Tenchi!  Don't leave!  Come back!"

        Sasami awakes in tears, "don't leave..." Looking around, she sees Ayeka
sound asleep.  Standing up, she wanders out into the hall.  Knocking on
his door, she is hoping to wake up "Tenchi..." she calls tearfully.

        Opening the door, "another nightmare, Sasami?" Tenchi asks.

        "Yeah," she responds.  "Can I sleep with you, tonight?"

        "Of course you can, Sasami."  Stepping aside, Tenchi lets Sasami in.
As he watches the little princess hop into his bed, Tenchi pulls out a
futon from underneath it.  "Goodnight, Sasami."

==========

        Meanwhile, a short distance away, Monstra appears from the woods.
"There's a great deal of power here, I can feel it!"

        Wandering into the house, she cloakes herself.  As she enters the
house, she notices that there is someone in the rafters.  Floating up,
"this one has a great deal of power.  And, it looks like she uses it
frequently."  Looking closer, "ah, I see.  The power is contained in
those gems.  I might have a use for them."

        She lands on the floor and continues on.  Phasing into one of the
rooms, she sees a violet-haired woman sleeping on a futon.  "This one
also has a lot of power.  But, not contained in anything but herself.
She also uses it frequently, I see.  I wonder if the two use them
against each other?"

        Moving on, she sees another woman.  This one having blue hair.  "This
is the third girl I've seen here.  What kind of a house is this?  But,
this is one is as powerful as the one I saw just a moment ago."

        Phasing into the hall, she walks towards another room.  Phasing in, she
sees a smaller version of the girl she just saw.  "This is interesting.
They're the same person, only this one is younger.  And, I feel a
massive power in her.   One that she hasn't used yet.  I'll have to do
something about that."

        Looking down, "four girls and one guy?  He must be lucky!  And with the
power he has, they must feel good too.  I think I might have fun with
this one."

        "Meow?" the cabbit wonders.

        "What is this now?  It looks like a cross between a cat and a rabbit."

        "Meow..." it sighs, falling back asleep.

        "Did it see me?"  Monstra wonders, phasing out.

        Phasing through the floor, Monstra ends up back in the living room.
Phasing through the closet door, "this isn't a closet!  It looks like a
lab."  Seeing yet another girl, "I should've known, another girl.  But,
I feel a great intelligence in this one."

        "Who's there?" she calls out.

        "Another one that can sense me?  I gotta be more careful," she says,
phasing out.

        "Must be my imagination."

        Back in the living room, "these people have unique powers, and a lot of
it.  If my plans are to succeed, then I have to do something about this.
I know that they have power, but I might learn more if I watch them.
One day should be enough."

==========

October 29, 7 a.m.

        Tenchi, walking downstairs, <well, Sasami is sleeping soundly.  When
she wakes up, she'll be able to tell us about her dream.>  Looking into
the kitchen, he sees that Misa is already cooking breakfast.  "Good
morning, Misa."

        "Good morning, Tenchi.  I didn't see Sasami cooking, so I started."

        "Sasami had a nightmare last night.  She slept in my bed as a result."

        "Did she say what it was about?"

        "No.  She seemed pretty shaken, though."

        Ryoko teleports in, and sits down.  "Ryo-Ohki felt something last
night, but I didn't."

        "I bet.  After last night, you couldn't feel anything," Misa comments.
"I mean, you hit the bottle kinda hard."

        "Quiet, you!" Ryoko shouts.

        "When did Ryo-Ohki feel it?" Tenchi asks.

        "Shortly after Sasami went in," Ryoko answers.

        Ayeka walks in and sees that almost everyone is present.  "Sasami must
have had a nightmare."

        "Yeah, she did." Ryoko answers.  "And why didn't you help her?"

        "I was asleep!" she responds.

        "You mean, she didn't ask her older sister for help?" Ryoko asks.

        Sitting down, "she prefers to ask for Tenchi's help."

        "Now, don't you two start fighting," Misa states.  "Honestly, it's too
early to start a fight."

        Sasami walks in, "morning everyone."

        "Did you sleep better, Sasami?" Tenchi asks.

        "Yes, I did, thank you," she replies, sitting down.

        "So, what happened?" Misa asks.

        "It was really strange.  Tenchi was fighting this woman, and then they
both walked away."

        "And, where were we?" Ryoko asks.

        "I couldn't move to see.  Actually, I could barely see at all."

        "Did you notice anything distinctive about her?" Tenchi asks.

        "Well, she had long blonde hair and a black sword."

        "We'll have to watch for her," Ryoko states.

        Misa, setting the meals on the table, "don't worry, Sasami.  I doubt
that the nightmare you had will come true."

        "Why is that?" she asks.

        "With Tenchi, Ayeka, Ryoko, and myself, the house is pretty well
defended."



        "I guess you're right."

==========

        The day proceeds as usual.  Ayeka and Ryoko fight most the day, and
Tenchi tries to avoid flying objects, namely beamswords and flying logs.
Sasami, although thinking about her dream, remains cheerful throughout
the day.  Also, Washu isn't seen until later.

        And, as it all unfolds, they don't know they're being watched.

==========

October 30th, 1998, 2:30 a.m.

        After watching the household for the past day, Monstra makes her move.
Uncloaking, she changes her appearance to that of Sasami.  <Let the fun
begin!> Monstra exitedly thinks.

        Knocking on Tenchi's door, 'Sasami' is greeted by Tenchi.  "Can I sleep
with you?" she says, tearful.

        "Sure," he says, letting her in.

        <That was easier than I thought,> 'Sasami' thinks, smiling.

        Tenchi, lying on the futon, tries to fall back to sleep.  <Another
nightmare?  She must be close then.>

        'Sasami,' lying on Tenchi's bed, is enjoying herself.  <That was so
easy!  Now, there is only one thing left to do.>  Sliding to the edge of
the bed, she looks down at Tenchi, who is sleeping soundly.  <Perfect.>
She hops over Tenchi's side and kneels over his face.  Reaching her head
down, she presses her lips to his, awakening him.

        Pulling away, "Sasami?  What's going on?"

        Dropping her disguise, "Don't tell me you didn't enjoy that!"

        "Who are you?"

        "I'm Monstra.  And you are mine."

        "Not likely," he says, grabbing Sword Tenchi from his dresser.
Igniting the blade, "I have enough girls to deal with.  I don't need
you."

        "In 24 hours, you won't care about the others.  There will only be me."

        "What makes you so sure?"

        "When I kissed you, I implanted something within you.  In time, that
will grow and overcome you.  You will then follow my every order."

        "You seem to know quite a bit about us.  You must've seen what we are
capable of.  I'm sure this implant can be removed."

        "It can.  But I wouldn't, if I were you.  I wouldn't want to hurt
anyone because of it.  Especially your little Sasami."



        "Leave her out of this."

        "Fine.  But don't tell anyone about me.  Or those people will get
hurt."

        "What is it that you want, anyway?"

        "To rule the world, like everyone else.  But, I don't want to be alone
when I do.  And, I need certain people out of my way.  Sasami, for
example."

        "You won't hurt her."

        "Oh, no.  I won't.  You see, I don't want Tsunami getting in my way,
either.  And killing Sasami would bring Tsunami to Earth now, instead of
later.  But, there will be time enough later for fighting.  Now, sleep."

        With that, Tenchi instantly loses conciousness and falls to the floor.

==========

October 30th, 7:00 a.m.

        Tenchi awakes to his usual alarm clock, but he knows that this won't be
a usual day.  "Less than 20 hours.  Then, I'm a goner."

        Downstairs, Tenchi can hear Sasami working in the kitchen.  Remembering
last night, "she won't hurt you," he says to himself.

        Looking in, he can already see Misa, Ayeka and Ryoko gathered around
the table.  However, when he approaches, they all glare at him.  "What's
going on?"

        "Sasami had another nightmare, last night," Ayeka starts.  "But, when
she went to your room, she heard you talking to some woman."

        "Is there something we don't know about, Tenchi?" Ryoko asks.

        "Or someone?" Misa corrects.

        "No, of course not," he replies.

        "Then who was she?" Ayeka inquires.

        "It's best that I don't tell you."

        "Why?" Misa asks.

        "She said that people might get hurt otherwise."

        Sasami turns, "was she the woman from my dream?"

        "Yeah, she was," he reluctantly says.  "By the way, Sasami, what was
your nightmare about?" he says, trying to change the subject.

        "That woman and lots of monsters hurt a lot of people."

        "We gotta stop her," Ryoko says.

        "And soon," Misa adds.

==========

        The day progresses, but with no sign of Monstra.  Washu has scanned the
area around and in the house a dozen times, but to no avail.  Ryoko,
Misa and both cabbits walked around, searching for clues to Monstra's
whereabouts, but with no luck.

        Tenchi has grown intensively worried.  He knows what will happen if he
tries to tell them about Monstra's "gift" to him.  But, he doesn't like
the fact of leaving them, either.

==========

Halloween, 2:25 a.m.

        Looking at his clock, "five more minutes, and everything changes.  At
least Sasami isn't here this time.  If she found out, she would never be
the same."

        Just then, Monstra shows up.  "Ready to go?"

        Grabbing his sword, Tenchi leaps out of bed to face her.  "I will fight
you.  To protect the girls, I will fight you."

        "Come on.  I don't want to hurt them.  But, if they get in my way..."

2:26

        "Clock's ticking.  You gonna fight or not?  See, if I die, then you'll
be released."

        Charging, Tenchi takes a swipe at Monstra.  In response, she calls her
Moon Blade to block it.  "If I have to kill you, I will."

        A couple of sword strokes, "do you really think you can win?"

2:27

        "I have to!"

        Ayeka, Sasami and Misa enter the room.  "Tenchi," Ayeka says, "what's
going on?"

        "YOU!" Sasami screams.  "You're the one!"

2:28

        Tenchi and Monstra continue to exchange sword strokes, while neither
gets the upper hand.  "You are quite good," Monstra comments.  "But, you
can't fight the clock."

2:29

        "You see, in one minute, you will forget about all these girls.  Only I
will remain."

        "No, you're wrong," Tenchi states.  "I won't forget any one of them,
Monstra.  For they all hold a place in my heart."

        "Not anymore."

2:30

        "Time's up."

        Tenchi gives a couple more sword strokes, but very weak ones.
"You...won't...win..." he says, trying to fight.

        Monstra gives him a light tap, and he falls.

        "TENCHI!" the three shout, running to him.  However, they only get
within a foot when a force pushes them away.

        "Sorry girls.  He's mine now," Monstra gloats.

        Tenchi stands and walks over to Monstra, and then looks at the other
girls.  Ryoko and Washu charge into the room, the latter in her battle
outfit.

        "Tenchi?" Ryoko stammers, "what has she done to you?"

        "Sorry, Ryoko.  He's mine," Monstra says.

        "No!" Ryoko screams.  Summoning her beam sword, she charges.  "Let him
go!"

        "I don't think so," Monstra responds, blocking the attack.  After a
couple of rounds of sword fighting, Monstra blocks one for an extended
period of time.  "Now, Tenchi!" she commands.

        Tenchi takes his sword and dissipates the blade.  Holding the hilt
toward Ryoko, he manages to extract the gems from her.  He then
transfers them to Monstra's Moon Blade.  After the task is complete,
Monstra sends Ryoko across the room.

        Misa, seeing this, charges Monstra with her Sword Tenchi.  "You'll pay
for that!"

        After a bit of swordplay, "this is getting old."  Knocking Misa's sword
from her hand, she watches it crash through the window.  With that,
Monstra sends out a shock that sends Misa next to Ryoko.  "Anyone else?"

        Seeing no volunteers, "good.  I was getting bored with that repeated
scenario."  Looking at Sasami, "now, Tenchi, let's get our other prize
and leave."

        Tenchi starts to walk over to the princesses, when the cabbits grab
onto his arms.  Tenchi just slaps his arms together, sending the cabbits
into one another.  The dazed animals fall, and Tenchi continues his
approach.  Using his Jurai power, he contains Ayeka and Washu with in
the doorway.

        "Leave her alone, Tenchi!  Do you hear me?"

        Tenchi picks up the blue haired princess, while ignoring Ayeka's
protests.

        "Put me down!" Sasami yells.  "Tenchi!  Why are you helping her?"

        Tenchi just ignores her and returns to Monstra.  "Excellent, now we can
go."  As the two leave, Tenchi lets Ayeka and Washu through the doorway.

        "Sasami!" Ayeka yells.

        "Ayeka!  Help me!" Sasami yells back.

        "We gotta follow them," Washu states.

        "How?"

        Washu picks up Ryo-Ohki and slaps her back to conciousness.  "Come on,
Ryo-Ohki, wake up!"

        "Meow?"

        "Great!" Washu says, whipping the cabbit into the night sky.

        After instinctively transforming, she takes Ayeka and Washu up to her
bridge.  "After them, Ryo-Ohki!" Washu commands.

        "MEOW!" she screams, chasing after the runaways.

==========

        Monstra and Tenchi stop in a field.  "Tenchi, hold her still."

        "Tenchi," Sasami pleads, "don't listen to her.  She's evil!"

        Tenchi just holds her by the shoulders as Monstra points her sword at
the little girl.  After a few seconds, the blade starts to glow.  "Close
your eyes, Sasami.  You're going to bed."

        Sasami does so, only because there's nothing else to do.  Then, her
body starts to feel numb as tinted crystal starts to engulf her.  "This
isn't over," is the last thing she says as the crystal finishes covering
her body.

        Ryo-Ohki appears overhead, and beams down her crew.  "Monstra!" Ayeka
yells.  "What have you done?"

        "I just put your sister in safe keeping.  She'll be fine.  But, I
wouldn't try to take her back to Jurai.  You see, the Moon Blade will
keep her in stasis, but only when she's in range.  If you take her past
the moon's orbit, she'll die in that crystal.  But, you don't need to
worry about that."  With a brief flash from the Moon Blade, the crystal
disappears.

        "Give her back!" Ayeka demands.

        "Nah.  I don't think so.  But don't worry, I'll take care of her."

        "Bring her back!" Ayeka yells.  "Otherwise, I'll take her by force."

        "You mean the Juraian fleet?  Last I heard, this area was off limits to
starships.  Besides.  Do you know where she is?"

        "No...I don't."

        "Then, I'll see you later."  Looking at Tenchi, "let's go."

        A portal opens, and they both step inside.

        "This isn't over!"  Ayeka yells.

And indeed it isn't...