This story takes place 1000 years in the future in the planet of the Sailor
Starlights & the Elemental Masters, Neo Angelus. The planet is ruled by
Venucia, the Neo-Elemental of Life. For many years, peace has settled. All
of it changed when an ominous force threatened the planet. It's a force
that Venucia herself cannot stop. Venucia goes to the Orb of Wisdom for
advice. Venucia: Orb of Wisdom, I seek your council. A dark force is taking
over the planet. What is it that I must do to save this world?
Orb: This dark force is the undead spirit of Victoro, an evil wizard that
once tried to rule this planet 1000 years ago. He lost a battle atop Mt.
Angelus. His soul was dormant for 1000 years, until now. You must go to the
past and seek out warriors of old from various dimensions. If you fail,
Victoro will continue to grow stronger and stronger until has destroyed the
planet and all the universes that follow.
Venucia: Where should I go...Who should I see?
Orb: First, you must go to New Thundera. Seek the ones known as Lion-O &
Hystalin, the Lord & Lady of the ThunderCats.
Next head to Tokyo, Japan. There you will find the following...
1973, a fighter of love and justice and a woman whom is a robot who wants
to be human...she is Cutey Honey, better known as Honey Kisaragi.
1972, he has the heart and soul of a man but the body and mind of a demon,
seek Akira Fudo, also known as Devilman.
In 2097, travel to the world of Neo Tokyo. The one named Ecliptic Sailor
Moon is another you must seek.
At Nekomi Tech of 1991, there is a goddess that lives with the mortal man,
Keichii Morisato. You must find Belldandy and seek her help.
In an alternate dimension, in the town of Atlas City, you will find a
tomboy sorceress and a brainless swordsman. They are Lina Inverse & Gourry
Gabriev.
In 1990, there are 2 girls who are call themselves Devil Hunters. Ask Yohko
Mano & Asuka Kanzaki to assist you.
A boy and a demon feline...find Ushio Aotsuki and his demon cat, Tora.
In 1994 there is a android with a cat's brain that tries to be human. Seek
the cat girl known as Nuku Nuku Natsume.
The last of the chosen ones is the hardest of all. She is a creature of
alien science and has a yen for a man with a small ponytail, called Tenchi
Masaki. She is called Ryoko.
These are the 14 warriors you must summon to help you. If either one does
not help you, all is lost and your world and theirs will cease to exist.
Venucia: Thank you great Orb of Wisdom. I will follow your advice.

One hour later, Venucia summons the 9 Neo-Elemental for a council meeting.

Venucia: ...and that is what the Orb of Wisdom said to me.
Inferna: Venucia, are you sure they can help us?
Venucia: Inferna, the Orb of Wisdom told me that. If that is what I must
do, then I will go back in time and search for the chosen ones.
Typhoon: It's too risky. Let us all help you.
Venucia: No! I must do this alone. You all must take over until I get back.
Is that understood?
Venucia: Good. I will leave promptly. Inferna, Typhoon, Andressi, Bolta,
Aquaticia, Freezette, Dragoniana, Luminara...take care of the fortress in
my absence. Luminara, I'm putting you in charge while I'm gone.
Luminara: Why me?
Venucia: Because you're one I can trust the most. I'm positive you'll do
well.
Luminara: Thank you. I shall do my best.
Venucia: You're welcome. Girls...good luck to you all and wish me luck.

Venucia goes back in time to find the ones chosen in the Orb of Wisdom.
                           ~~~~~NEW THUNDERA~~~~~

Lion-O: Isn't she wonderful dear?
Hystalin: Yes. Our little bundle of joy is now grown up.
???: I'm all ready mother.
Hystalin: My dear Nocti. You're on your first date. I'm so happy for you!
Nocti: Do you like my dress? Mom? Dad? What do you think?
Lion-O: It looks good on you, but do you think black is your color?
Nocti: Of course. I love black.
Hystalin: Well, it looks good. You be careful, okay?
Nocti: Oh Mom, you say that every time. Of course I'll be fine.

This is when Venucia appears in the room.

Venucia: Greetings. I'm Venucia, the Neo-Elemental of Life. I've come
looking for the ones called Lion-O & Hystalin. Are you the ones I seek?
Nocti: What do you want with my parents?
Venucia: I come on a mission of mercy. My world is being ravaged by an evil
force and your mother and father have been prophecized that they are one of
the 14 that can save the universe. I ask you...could you please step
outside of yourselves and help me? It's a matter of life and death.
Hystalin: You want us to leave?
Venucia: Do not fear. Your place will be frozen in time. When you get back,
you will be returned to the exact second you left. Not one second will be
wasted without you, but is implore you both to help me....please.

Nocti: This sounds important. I think you both should go!
Hystalin: You think so?
Nocti: Yes. At least you will not be gone at all.
Lion-O: Are you sure about this?
Nocti: Go ahead. It sounds like you have nothing to lose.
Lion-O: Venucia, me and my wife decided...
Hystalin: ..that we will both help you.
Venucia: Thank you both. You two are truly angels. Come with me.

Venucia chanted a magic spell that made Lion-O & Hystalin shrink into 2
balls of light that was absorbed into Venucia's choker.

Nocti: What has you done with my mom and dad?!
Venucia: Fear not, young Nocti. They're in my choker. It's the safest to
travel between time distances. I must go. Next stop, 1973 Tokyo.
                           ~~~~~TOKYO, 1973~~~~~

Venucia appeared in a slum, next to a body of a dead homeless man.

Venucia: Gasp! How awful! I wonder who should I be searching for in here?
???: HONEY FLASH!!!
Venucia: I think I know who it is.

Venucia runs to find a woman who's clothes are torn from her body with
another set of clothes drifting around her in shards.

???: I am a fighter of love and justice. I am CUTEY HONEY!
Venucia: Cutey Honey? She must be another of the chosen ones!

Cutey Honey was surrounded by hoodlums and bandits that wanted to destroy
Cutey Honey. Cutey Honey casts a sword that defeated the bandits except one
that had a knife and was about to kill Cutey Honey. This is where Venucia
threw a heart-shaped shuriken at the bandit, slashing his throat and
killing it instantly. Cutey Honey looked around and found the one who saved
her.

Honey: I should thank you for saving me.
Venucia: There is no need. Are you the one called Cutey Honey?
Honey: Yes I am. And you are...
Venucia: I am Venucia, the Neo-Elemental of Life. I have come here in
search of you.
Honey: In search of...Hey! Are in league with the damn Panther Claw?!?!
Venucia: Put your sword away. I come in peace.
Honey:  Oh. Sorry.
Venucia: It's ok.
Honey: Well...what is that you want?
Venucia: Cutey Honey, my world is in danger. You are prophecized to be one
of the 14 chosen ones who can help save my world. Please, could you step
outside of yourself and help someone in need?
Honey: But I have priorities here, and...
Venucia: That is not a problem. This place will be frozen in time if you
come with me. When you get back, you will be returned to the second you
left. Not one second will be wasted without you, but is implore you to help
me....please.
Honey: Ok, but only if you return me back here when all of this is
finished.
Venucia: It's a deal. Now, I'm going to cast a spell on you that'll absorb
you into my choker. You will not be hurt at all and it makes for safe time
travel. Okay?
Honey: Fine.

Venucia chanted a magic spell that made Cutey Honey shrink into a ball of
light that was absorbed into Venucia's choker.

Venucia: Thank you for your generosity. Next stop is Tokyo,
1972...shouldn't be that too far away...
                           ~~~~~TOKYO, 1972~~~~~

Venucia appears in another part of Tokyo. Here, not much has changed.

Venucia: Good, I'm in Tokyo, 1972. I wonder if I could find him in here...

Venucia turned around and found a monster staring back at her.

Venucia: AHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
????: Come closer so I can kill you!
Venucia: Get away from me!!!!!!!!

Then, a demon from the skies flew down, dive-bombed the demon and ripped it
apart to shreds.

???: That takes her of that thing. Are you hurt miss?
Venucia: No. Not at all..I'm looking for someone, is your name Akira Fudo,
the Devilman?
Devilman: How did you know my name?
Venucia: No need to be hostile. I'm not here to fight you. I come on a
mission of mercy.
Devilman: What is it that you want?
Venucia: I've come from the future. Mr. Fudo, you were prophecized to be
one of the 14 chosen ones. I ask you, please step outside of yourself and
please help me.
Devilman: I cannot. I have priorities here.
Venucia: This is not a problem. If you come with me, I will freeze time so
that nothing happens until you come back. Not one second will be wasted,
but I implore you, please help me....please.
Devilman: If this is what you want, then I will help you.
Venucia: Thank you Mr. Fudo. You truly have a good heart.

Venucia chanted a magic spell that made Devilman shrink into a ball of
light that was absorbed into Venucia's choker.

Venucia: I think you for your compassion Mr. Fudo. Now I must head to Atlas
City, to find Lina Inverse and Gourry Gabriev.
                  ~~~~~ATLAS CITY, UNNAMED DIMENSION~~~~~

Lina: What a tiny little statue. I wonder what Zelgadis want with is?
Gourry: I'm not sure. Maybe he has a collection of statues and that it
could be his last piece?
Lina: Not likely Gourry.
Gourry: Oh. I'm going to a market. Do you want some chocolates little girl?

Lina: Did you say little girl? (Stupid jerk!)
Gourry: I guess you don't want anything in particular. I'll get you some
chocolate bars or something.
Lina: Thanks Gourry. (uhh! I wish that idiot's brain was as sharp as his
sword.)

Venucia appeared before Lina.

Venucia: Greetings. Is your name Lina Inverse?
Lina: Get away or I throw a fireball at you!!!
Venucia: No need to be hostile. I'm not her to fight.
Lina: Well, what do you want then?
Venucia: I need your help and the help of the one named Gourry Gabriev.
Lina: Help? For what?
Venucia: It's a long story, it began when...

It took some time for Venucia to finish her story to Lina Inverse.

Venucia: ...and that is why I'm here.
Lina: I didn't know you had such a hard time.
Venucia: I have... and I need your help or my world will be destroyed, and
your might be as well.
Lina: Well...what about this statue? Someone has been following us and we
have to make sure they do not get a statue we have.
Venucia: That is not a problem. You can take it with you, and no one will
follow you because this place will be frozen in time. No one will hunt you
if time does not pass. I can offer you this, but only if you and Gourry
could help me.
Lina: Well, I'll have to ask Gourry when he gets...
Gourry: Lina, I got some good food..and I got come chocolates and stuff
for...oh! Who is this? Is this Naga the Serpent you told me about? She
doesn't look like a slut from what you said about her.
Lina: You idiot! This is not Naga! This is Venucia.
Venucia: So you must be Gourry Gabriev. It's nice to meet you. So, could
you decide on if you two could help me?
Gourry: Help you with what?
Lina: (In a sarcastic tone) Find a wild boar for dinner...
Gourry: Sure, couldn't be that hard.
Venucia: Thank you both.

Venucia chanted a magic spell that made Lina & Gourry shrink into 2 balls
of light that was absorbed into Venucia's choker.

Venucia: You two are too kind. Now I must be back to Japan, to Nekomi
Tech...there is a goddess I must find...
                        ~~~~~NEKOMI TECH, 1992~~~~~

Bell: Breakfast is ready!
Keichii: Cool. You make a good omelet Bell.
Bell: Thank you.
Keichii: Where are you sisters?
Bell: Urd is at the beach with some guys. She should be back in a couple of
hours. Oh, Skuld is in the basement working on one of her experiments.
Keichii: Well, I might as well go down and tell her that breakfast is
ready.
Bell: It's best not to go. Skuld gets really mad if you go to her while she
works. Remember the time you looked over her shoulder when she was looking
at some blueprints of hers?
Keichii: How can I forget? I still have a concussion from where she smacked
her mallet. Ouch!

This is where Venucia enters the scene.

Venucia: Hello. I'm looking for Belldandy. Are you her?
Keichii: Get away from her!
Venucia: There is no need to be defensive Mr. Morisato. I come in peace.
Bell: Are you with Mara?
Venucia: Nope. Never heard of her.
Keichii: What do you want here?
Venucia: I come in search of the chosen ones that were prophecized to save
my world, and you, Belldandy, are one of the 14 chosen ones.
Bell: I cannot leave. The Ultimate Force forbids it.
Venucia: That is not a problem. I can freeze time so that if you leave,
nothing will change. Not one second will be wasted. Besides, if the
Ultimate force forbids it, I wouldn't be here.
Keichii: She has a point there.
Bell: In that case, I will go with you.
Keichii: I want to come with you.
Venucia: I'm sorry. I cannot do that. Only Belldandy can go.
Bell: It's ok Keichii.
Keichii: Very well. You be careful, okay?
Bell: I'll be fine.
Venucia: Thank you so much Belldandy.

Venucia chanted a magic spell that made Belldandy shrink into a ball of
light that was absorbed into Venucia's choker.

Keichii: What did you do to her?!?!
Venucia: I did that because it's the safest way for time travel. Don't
worry, she's safe.
Keichii: Take care of her.
Venucia: I will...now to find the one called Nuku Nuku Natsume.
                           ~~~~~TOKYO, 1996~~~~~

Nuku Nuku coming home from school with a bag of Taiyaki pancakes to munch
on.

Nuku: Mmmmm....this tastes so good. I wonder if Ryunosuke would want one.

This is where Venucia comes out.

Venucia: Greetings. Are you the one called Nuku Nuku Natsume?
Nuku: Ooh! What a good trick! Could you do that again?
Venucia: Trick? What trick?
Nuku: The one where you appear in smoke. Could you do that again?
Venucia: It isn't a trick.
Nuku: I'll give you a Taiyaki pancake if you could do it form me again?
Venucia: That's ok. I don't eat fish. In fact, I've come for your help?
Nuku: Me? Nuku Nuku likes to help people, but I'm on my way back home from
school. My Pappa-san would be worried if I don't come home.
Venucia: That is not a problem at all. I can take you with me, and time
will not move at all in the place. Not one second will be wasted, but only
if you could come with me.
Nuku: Hmmmmmm......Ok!
Venucia: Thank you Nuku Nuku.

Venucia chanted a magic spell that made Nuku Nuku shrink into a ball of
light that was absorbed into Venucia's choker.

Venucia: Thank you Nuku Nuku. Now I must head to another part of Tokyo, for
the boy and his cat demon, Ushio & Tora.
                   ~~~~~ANOTHER PART OF TOKYO, 1995~~~~~

Tora: Hey Ushio! Got any more of those steaks?
Ushio: Yep. They'll be done in a few minutes.
Tora: No! I want it RAW!
Ushio: Raw? Why didn't you tell me you wanted it raw?
Tora: Dammit! Ushio, I could just eat you!
Ushio: You'll spoil your dinner. Here. Eat.
Tora: But I don't like it when it's well done!
Ushio: Sorry. If you hadn't told me earlier, I'd save you a slab or two.

This is where Venucia enters the scene.

Venucia: I take it that you two are the famous Ushio & Tora, I presume?

Ushio broke out his spear and his long mane began to flow.

Venucia: My, My. You have such long hair! You'd feel right at home in where
I come from.
Ushio: What the hell do you want with us?!
Venucia: Just your time...and please put your spear away. I'm not here to
fight with you.
Tora: You look good. Do you taste good with parsley?
Ushio: Tora, stop that!
Venucia: I'm seeking the 14 chosen ones...and you two were prophecized by
the Orb of Wisdom that you two are two of the legendary 14.
Tora: Orb of what?
Ushio: Tora, let her speak.
Venucia: My world is in danger and you two were chosen to help me. Please,
would you step outside of yourselves and assist someone in need?
Ushio: But our dinner...it'll get ruined.
Tora: I wish...
Ushio: TORA!
Venucia: No need to worry. If you two come with me, I'll freeze time in the
place and nothing will change. Not one second will be wasted, but only If
you two come with me.
Tora: What is your name, anyway?
Venucia: My name is Venucia, the Neo-Elemental of Life.
Tora: Ushio, what do you think?
Ushio: I think we should help her. She needs our help.
Tora: But she could be another one of those demons.
Ushio: Tora, if she was, she would've attacked us by now.
Tora: You have a point there...
Ushio: Venucia, we will help you.
Venucia: You two are too kind. Thank you both for your generosity.
Tora: Yeah, yeah...just take us before we change our minds.
Venucia: Very well...

Venucia chanted a magic spell that made Ushio & Tora shrink into 2 balls of
light that was absorbed into Venucia's choker.

Venucia: You two are so kind. Your generosity will be well rewarded. Now I
must seek the two Devil Hunters, Yohko Mano and Azuka Kanzaki.
                           ~~~~~TOKYO, 1990~~~~~

Chi: Ok....GO!

Yohko and Azuka were on a time test on how fast they can vanquish the
demon. Yokho started with a jump and lunge but missed, then Azuka followed
with a diving spear. She missed by a centimeter. Then, Azuka and Yohko
jumped in the air and killed the demon.

Chi: Yes! Only 7 seconds! You two are getting better.
Yohko: Either that or the demons are slacking.
Chi: No way. You and Azuka are getting stronger. Demons don't slack.
Azuka: You think so?
Chi: Yeah. I know so. You two make this Devil Hunter Manager very proud!
Yohko: (sighing) Yeah Chi....whatever you say...

This is where Venucia enters the scene.

Chi: Yohko, Azuka, look behind you!
Yohko: Gasp! Who are you?
Azuka: What do you want?
Venucia: Fear not. I'm not a demon. I've come in search of Yohko Mano and
Azuka Kanzaki. Are you them?
Yohko: I'm Yohko Mano.
Azuka: And I'm Azuka Kanzaki.
Chi: What do you want with them?
Venucia: Only their help. My world is in danger and Yohko & Azuka have been
chosen by the Orb of Wisdom that they can help save my world. Please, would
you step outside of yourselves and help an innocent soul in need of help?
Yohko: We need more training!
Chi: I don't think so...
Yohko: Chi?
Chi: You and Azuka are pretty strong. If you can help her, you should.
Besides, it isn't right for a Devil Hunter to reject someone in need of
help.
Azuka: She may have a point there.
Yohko: Very well. We will go with you.
Azuka: But if we go, wouldn't we be leaving the demons free grounds to
destroy?
Venucia: They won't. I'll freeze time when they come with me. No one shall
move. Not one second will be wasted. No demon will pass if time doesn't
pass. And now, I must take you two with me...

Venucia chanted a magic spell that made Yohko Mano & Azuka Kanzaki shrink
into 2 balls of light that was absorbed into Venucia's choker.

Chi: What did you do? Where are my Devil Hunters???
Venucia: They're in my choker. It safest for time travel.
Chi: Whatever. You take care of them.
Venucia: I will. Now I must go. I must head to Crystal Tokyo of 2097.
Chi: Why?
Venucia: Another one of the 14 chosen ones is in that time area. Well time
to go...
                       ~~~~~CRYSTAL TOKYO, 2097~~~~~

Venucia makes her appearance in Crystal Tokyo.

Venucia: So this is Crystal Tokyo. What a beautiful place.

Just then, a passerby walks by.

Venucia: Excuse me, but do you know where I could find Ecliptic Sailor
Moon?
???: Ha! You must be joking! Any idiot knows that Ecliptic Sailor Moon is
Neo-Queen Serenity, and that she lives in Crystal Nucleus!
Venucia: Then where is Crystal Nucleus? I must see Neo-Queen Serenity!
???: Ha! You're a bigger idiot than I thought! Crystal Nucleus is in the
center of all of Crystal Tokyo!
Venucia: Thank you kind sir.
???: Yeah, whatever....

Venucia teleports her way towards the entrance of Crystal Nucleus.

Guard: Halt! Who goes there?
Venucia: I am Venucia, the Neo-Elemental of Life. I've come to seek the
council of Neo-Queen Serenity.
Guard: The Queen cannot see you now.
Venucia: But I must! It's a matter of life and death!
Guard: If you don't leave, you will face death! Now begone, or I'll...
???: It's O.K. Let her pass.
Guard: But...
???: I said let her pass!
Guard: Very well...Venucia, you may pass.
Venucia: Thank you kind sir.

Venucia greets herself.

Venucia: Thank you. My name is...
???: Venucia...yes, I know.
Venucia: How did you know?
???: I overheard the guard.
Venucia: Are you Neo-Queen...
Chibi: That's my mother. My name is Small Lady.
Venucia: Well, I must speak to your mother. It's very important that I meet
her.
Chibi: Ok. I'll take you to my mother.

Venucia and Small Lady finds Neo-Queen Serenity sitting on a bench next to
some rose bushes.

Chibi: Mama, there is someone here to see you. Her name is Venucia.
Queen: Venucia? I've been expecting her. Ok, my daughter. Bring her in.
Chibi: Ok Mama.

Small Lady leaves Venucia with Neo-Queen Serenity.

Venucia: So how did you know that I was coming to see you?
Queen: Guardian Pluto told me yesterday that you were coming to see me.
Venucia: So you know why I'm here?
Queen: Yes...I know of your trouble, and that you seek the 14 chosen ones,
and that I'm one of them. Venucia, I wholeheartedly accept.
Venucia: That is so nice of you.
Queen: Just let me change into my old sailor outfit.
Venucia: Ok. I can wait.

Neo-Queen Serenity raiser her hand and instantly, her long white gown
turned into her old sailor senshi outfit.

Moon: Ok, let's go.
Venucia: You're too kind Neo-Queen Serenity. Now, I will freeze time in
this period. Not one second will be wasted. When you return, time will
return to once it was.

Venucia chanted a magic spell that made Neo-Queen Serenity shrink into a
ball of light that was absorbed into Venucia's choker.

Venucia: Now I must be off to Tokyo of 1993. My last target is there. I
just hope she is willing to help.
                           ~~~~~TOKYO, 1993~~~~~

Ryoko & Ayeka where having a fight. (Who knows what it's about!) That is
where they see Tenchi walking down a road from afar.

Ryoko: That's Tenchi!
Akeya: Tenchi...wait!!!
Ryoko: I saw him first!
Ayeka: Leave Tenchi alone!
Ryoko: I saw him first!
Ayeka: You did not!
Ryoko: How about we make a bet?
Ayeka: Like what?
Ryoko: Whoever gets to Tenchi first get to spend the entire day with him.
The loser has to sit back and watch!
Ayeka: You're on!

Ayeka left to catch up with Tenchi. This is where Ryoko was alone and
Venucia enters the scene one more time.

Venucia: Greetings. Is your name Ryoko?
Ryoko: Who wants to know?
Venucia: Me. Venucia, the Neo-Elemental of life. I've come find Ryoko.
Ryoko: So what do you want with me?
Venucia: I've come to find you. You're one of the 14 chosen ones that can
help save my world.
Ryoko: You'll have to wait, I've got a bet to win.
Venucia: With Akeya, perhaps?
Ryoko: Yeah, so?
Venucia: That is not a problem.

Venucia chanted a spell that stopped time. Ayeka was stopped dead in her
tracks.

Ryoko: Hey! How did you do that?
Venucia: I stopped time. If you're worried about losing your bet, don't be.
If you come with me, time will not move in your world. Not one second will
be wasted without you. But I ask you to come with me. Without you, my world
is doomed and your world could be in jeopardy.
Ryoko: If I go with you, and help you, will you bring me back and give me a
head start against Ayeka?
Venucia: Of course, but only if you come with me, if not, I'll restart time
and you'll risk losing your bet.
Ryoko: Fine! Fine! I'll go with you.
Venucia: Thank you, I'm touched.

Venucia chanted a magic spell that made Ryoko shrink into a ball of light
that was absorbed into Venucia's choker.

Venucia: You are too kind. I now have all of 14 chosen ones with me. I must
now return to my world, and pray that all 14 of you are strong enough to
save my world.
                        ~~~~~NEO ANGELUS, 2998~~~~~

This is where the story stops for now. The stage has been set, the 14
chosen ones have been gathered. Will they be enough to dispel the ghost of
Victoro from Neo Angelus? Do the 14 chosen ones know what is in store for
them?
