Venucia goes back to Neo Angelus 2998 into the room where she left. She
puts her hand on her choker, and it starts to glow. Then it flashed into a
burst of light and 14 balls of light appeared. Then the balls of light
formed into the 14 chosen ones.

Venucia: Lion-O, Hystalin, Cutey Honey, Devilman, Sailor Moon, Yohko,
Asuka, Belldandy, Ushio & Tora, Ryoko, Lina, Gourry, Nuku Nuku...welcome to
Neo Angelus.
Lion-O: I've never seen anything like it!
Moon: Lion-O? Is that you?
Lion-O: Sailor Moon? I don't believe it!
Hystalin: Lion-O, who is she?
Lion-O: She helped me defeat Mumm-ra a long time ago.
Hystalin: I see...hey! Wait! Isn't that Devilman?
Lion-O: Huh? By Thundera, you're right!
Devilman: Lion-O! Hystalin! So good to see you again! (Devilman runs in
open arms and gives Lion-O & Hystalin a big bear hug.)
Hystalin: So good to see you...easy on the rib cage dude.
Devilman: Oh...sorry.
Hystalin: That's ok.
Devilman: So what's up with you?
Lion-O: Did you know? We got married!
Devilman: Wow! That's wonderful!
Moon: You know him?
Lion-O: Yeah. We fought together in battle.
Moon Cool. Nice to meet you Devilman.
Devilman: So you must be Sailor Moon. Lion-O has told me so much about you!

Moon: How nice.
Honey: (tapping on Devilman's shoulder) Excuse me, but you look awfully
familiar.
Devilman: Honey? Cutey Honey? Is that you?
Honey: I see you remember me. I feel bad...I don't remember you...
Devilman: I'm sure you do. Here's a clue. (Devilman reformed half his face
to his human face.)
Honey: Gasp Akira? Akira Fudo? I don't believe it! I haven't seen you in
ages! What have you done to yourself?
Devilman: It's a long story.
Hystalin: You two know each other?
Honey: Yes. We fought together once against the Panther Claw.

Meanwhile, in another corner...

Ryoko: I hope this get over with fast. I got to show Ayeka off before she
does.
Nuku: Hello.
Ryoko: Nuku Nuku? Is that you?
Nuku: Yep!
Ryoko: What are you doing in here?
Nuku: Someone wanted help and I came.
Ryoko: I see...what is that smell?
Nuku: It's my Taiyaki pancakes. You want one?
Ryoko: No, that's ok.
Nuku: Ok...but you don't know what you're missing.

Venucia: I see you all are getting to know each other. Well. All of you
come with me.

Everyone followed Venucia to another room. But then, an explosion occurred
that send Venucia flying. Everyone ran to see that the room was all in
shambles. The only thing that was not burned was a note that was pinned to
a wall by a cursed dagger.

Ushio: Venucia, are you all right?
Venucia: I'm ok. What happened?
Tora: There was an explosion...and there's a note on the wall.
Venucia: A note?

Venucia got up and found the note on the wall.
Venucia: I wonder where this thing came from?
Hystalin: I'll get it.
Venucia: Don't touch the knife. It's laced with a curse!
Hystalin: No matter.

Hystalin touched the knife with her finger and chanted the spell of
Uncurse. The cursed knife turned to sandstone and started to crumble into
pebbles.

Hystalin: There. No problem. Here's the note.

Venucia read the note.

Venucia! I have the other Neo Elementals with me! If you want them, send
the 14 chosen ones to fight! By the way, I have 8 of my own chosen ones!
They're the late enemies of some of your 14 chosen ones, each guard them
like how a dog guards its bone. They guard your sisters.

I'll tell you where to find them so they can meet death a little early:

The Hakumen-No-Manno guard Dragoniana atop Mount Esper.
The one called Queen Beryl guards Luminara in Temple of Light.
The little girl called Eimi guards Inferna in the Pit of Fire.
The demon bird Siren guards Andressi in the Rock Gardens of Azhahl.
The Demon Queen Reiko guards Typhoon in the Eternal Tornado.
The Demon Priest Mumm-Ra guards Freezette in the Mountain of Ice.
The Evil Goddess Mara guards Aquaticia within the Whirlpool of Time, where
only the immortal can pass safely.
The Black Dragon guards Bolta within the Lightning Fields.

If you want your sisters back, you'll have to send your 14 chosen ones to
do battle with them. If I see you with then anywhere near these places,
I'll order my chosen ones to kill their captives, then you'll never see
them again! -Victoro

Venucia: That evil son-of-a-bitch! He's done worse than I imagined!
Honey: Venucia, what's wrong?
Venucia: The ghost of Victoro captured my sisters! He wants to separate all
14 of you to find them, and he has guardians of your late enemies watching
over them!
Hystalin: Did you say Victoro?
Venucia: Yes. Do you know him?
Hystalin: Know him? He was a thorn in my site for months! Me, Lion-O &
Devilman killed that bastard!
Venucia: I see.
Nuku: So what are you going ot do?
Venucia: I have no choice to teleport you to save my sisters. If I go with
you, they'll all be dead.

Venucia used her choker once more to send the 14 chosen ones off to meet
their past adversaries. Then as they pass, Venucia speaks to them in their
minds.

Venucia: Chosen ones, this will be the first in your battles. Ushio &
Tora...you must go to Mount Esper and face the Hakumen-No-Manno. Sailor
Moon, you must go to the Temple of Light to face off your old adversary
Queen Beryl. Nuku Nuku...Ryoko, you two must face off Eimi at the Pit of
Fire. Cutey Honey...Devilman...you two must face Siren the Demon Bird in
the Rock Gardens of Azhahl. Lion-O & Hystalin...you two must face off
Mumm-Ra in the Mountain of Ice. Yohko & Azuka...you must face off Dark
Queen Reiko within the confines of the Eternal Tornado. Belldandy, you must
face off Mara in the Whirlpool of Time. Lina & Gourry...you two must face
the Black Dragon in the Lightning Fields. This may be very difficult for
you, but this must be done in order to save our worlds. I cannot be with
you physically, but I can be with you in spirit. When all of you get to
your destinations, you'll have an jeweled armband on your left arm to show
that I'm with you. Go, and hope that you are strong enough to save this
world.

This ends this Part 2 of "14 Chosen Ones". The 14 Chosen Ones must face off
with their past adversaries. Will they be strong enough to rescue Venucia's
sisters? Could they be strong enough for the long road ahead?
