  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
The 14 Chosen ones arrive to Venucia along with the other 8 Neo-Elementals.
Venucia was surprised that her 8 sister were rescued safely.

Honey: Venucia, we did it!
Devilman: I think we've won!
Venucia: I like to think so Mr. Fudo. There's one more step to be taken,
one more battle to be fought.
Moon: Oh? ; What is it?
Venucia: All of us must fight against Victoro's ghost.
Lion-O: Victoro?
Hystalin: How are we going to do that?

Just then, Venucia started to laugh, then her eyes started to glow red.
Then Venucia herself glowed red, and started talking in a demonic voice. It
was Victoro who possessed Venucia's body.

Victoro: HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!!!!!!!!!!
Nuku Nuku: Guys, what's going on? What's with her? Is she sick?
Victoro: I'm surprised all of you went so far...you may have freed the
Neo-Elementals... but you won't have this one!
Hystalin: Victoro!
Victoro: Well, well...if it isn't my old enemy, Hystalin the Black Paladin!
I didn't know that you would be among these fighters.
Lion-O: We've beaten you before, we'll beat you again!
Victoro: Not likely.

Victoro used Venucia's powers to shoot out heart shaped shurikens at the 14
Chosen Ones. Ryoko quickly put up a shield to block the attack. Then Yohko,
Azuka & Cutey Honey lunged at him with their blades. Victoro bumped them
out of the way.

Bell: Girls be careful! That evil thing is in control of a kind soul's
body. We must dispel the evil soul out and keep the good soul in.
Hystalin: I know just the thing... DEPOSESS!!!!!!

Hystalin chanted the magic spell of Deposess. With a little strain on
Hystalin's part, she was able to dispel Victoro out of Venucia's body.
Victoro's spirit loomed over everyone.

Victoro: It doesn't matter whether I possess another body...very soon, this
world and all of yours will soon cease to exist! I shall be reborn in where
I have died and no one will stop me!!!

Tora shout a bolt of lightning through his forehead. It missed Victoro's
spirit as it dissipates. Venucia falls to the floor.

Moon: Venucia, are you ok?
Venucia: I'm ok...I'm just exhausted. It's a side effect from demonic
posession.
Ushio: Now what are we going to do?
Tora: Yeah! What did he mean by saying he was going ot be born where he
died?
Lion-O: I can answer that. Me, Hystalin & Devilman fought against Victoro
and defeated him... atop Mt. Angelus
Venucia: Mt. Angelus? That place has been locked way from civilization for
1000 years. It's still a harbor for evil power even to this day!
Yohko: Venucia, if we must go to Mt. Angelus, wherever it may be, we must
go and face this evil.
Azuka: Yohko's right. Besides, it isn't like Devil Hunters to stay away
from evil.
Venucia: I see that the 14 of you cannot be dissuaded. I would send you,
but I'm too weak. I need a night's rest in order to regain my full
strength.
Ryoko: (talking to herself) Man this starting to get boring. I thought this
was going to be quick, not take so long. This better finish soon, I want to
get to Tenchi and make that Ayeka see red!
Bell: If we wait another day, it might be too late!
Venucia: If that is so, then ask my sister to send you. Sadly I cannot help
you right now.

Dragoniana: I see that the 14 of you must go to Mt. Angelus.
Andressi: It's is a very dangerous place.
Typhoon: It has been a harbor of evil power for 1000 years.
Inferna: If you fail, it could me the end for all.
Bolta: But since is the only option, we will all help you.
Freezette: We will all combine our magic to send you all to Mt. Angelus.
Aquaticia: If you can send back Victoro back to the realm of the dead, all
will be restored.
Luminara: 14 Chosen Ones... only all of you are strong enough to combat
this evil. May the gods protect you all.

So the 8 Neo-Elementals teleported the 14 Chosen Ones to Mt. Angelus, a
mountain that was locked away from civilization for 1000 years. There they
must face the final battle.

This is where this story ends for now. The 14 Chosen Ones face their
greatest battle ever. Well they all be able to defeat this evil. Will they
be up to the challenge?
