  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           ~~~~~Ushio & Tora~~~~~


Ushio & Tora makes their way to Mount Esper. They make at the foot of the
mountain.

Ushio: So this is Mount Esper. What a high mountain.
Tora: Let's go face of the Hakumen No Manno. So sooner we kill it, the
sooner we can eat.
Ushio: I forgot about your voracious appetite.
Tora: Then let's haul ass!
Ushio: Fine. Let's be off.

Just then, armbands appeared on Ushio & Tora. It was Venucia's markings.

Venucia: Ushio & Tora, I'm speaking to you through these armbands. You two
must fly to the top of Mount Esper. There you must face off your past
adversary, the Hakumen-No-Manno.

Ushio broke out his spear and his long mane went out. He got on Tora's back
and they went off to the top of Mount Esper. They continue to fly into the
air until they made it to the top. They noticed a black orb on a pillar.
The black orb flashed out a black light and the Hakumen-No-Manno revealed
itself from the black orb.

Manno: Ushio & Tora! So you've come to do battle with me.
Ushio: Monster! I'll kill you for what you've done to my mother!
Manno: I see you're still angry for your mother...what a shame.
Tora: Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.....
Manno: I see it's useless to talk to you...Let's fight!

Ushio & Tora flies toward the Hakumen No Manno. The Hakumen-No-Manno sends
off little demons toward the pair. All of which were done away with with
the help of Ushio's spear and Tora's sharp claws. The Hakumen-No-Manno
continued to send little demons but they were fended off as well. Then
Ushio flew off of Tora's back and aimed his spear. He flies toward the
Hakumen-No-Manno and thrusts himself toward the Hakumen No Manno. The spear
makes it way toward the monster's black heart. The Hakumen-No-Manno,
writhed in pain, then exploded. Ushio survived and landed safely in a
nearby plateau.

Ushio: That takes care of the Hakumen-No-Manno.
Tora: Ushio, you scared the crap out of me! Please, don't do that again
without warning me.
Ushio: Oops! Sorry Tora.
???: Thank you.

Ushio & Tora turned around and found the black orb floating behind them.
Then the black orb shattered and Dragoniana appeared before them.

Dragoniana: Thank you both for saving me.
Tora: Damn! You look more unusual than I.
Ushio: Tora, don't be rude.
Dragoniana: You've done well. Thank you.
Ushio: It was nothing.
Dragoniana: Now that I've finally be freed, I've to be going to Venucia
now. You two should come with me as well.

Dragoniana chanted a magic spell that teleported herself, Ushio & Tora away
from Mount Esper.
                           ~~~~~Sailor Moon~~~~~


Sailor Moon made her way near the Temple of Light. With the Eternal Demon
Slayer, she is ready to do battle. Then, an armband appeared on Sailor
Moon's arm. It was Venucia's marking.

Venucia: Sailor Moon, this is Venucia. I am talking to you through this
armband. You must enter the Temple of Light. You must do battle with Queen
Beryl...alone. Good luck and godspeed.

Sailor Moon walked in the Temple of Light. There was a white orb in the
temple surrounded by thousands of lit candles. The orb glowed intensely,
then Queen Beryl appeared to her.

Moon: So Queen Beryl, at last we meet again.
Beryl: Sailor Moon, how nice to see you again. It's been long since I've
seen you. I wonder why? Wait! I know why...YOU KILLED ME!
Moon: I know...and I can kill you again.
Beryl: Your sailor senshi had to help you and they were killed. How the
hell can you beat me alone?
Moon: I am much more powerful since we last fought. I've gained lots of
strength, grace, power, and courage. I will not let you intimidate me!
Beryl: Fine, I'll just send you to my private hell with me!

With that, Queen Beryl shot an intense blast of power at Sailor Moon. She
managed to deflect the blast, but was held as bay for a short time. Then
she used her Eternal Demon Slayer to swat the blast away and to use it
herself. She pointed the enchanted blade in the air and did her "Justice
Moon Swallow Attack". Sailor Moon's attack blasted Queen Beryl with intense
moon power and overcame Queen Beryl.

Beryl: No! I cannot be defeated again!

Queen Beryl was left in cinders. The white orb came to place and shattered.
Luminara appeared from the white orb.

Luminara: Thank you Sailor Moon. You've freed me from that prison.
Moon: Are you...Luminara?
Luminara: Yes. I cannot imagine how long I've waited to get out of there.
Moon: I'm glad your safe.
Luminara: Now that I'm free, I might as well go to Venucia, and you should
come with me.

Luminara chanted a magic spell that teleported herself and Sailor Moon away
from the Temple of Light.
                    ~~~~~Nuku Nuku Natsume & Ryoko~~~~~


Nuku Nuku & Ryoko made their way to the Pit of Fire. They landed on a
peninsula surrounded by lava.

Ryoko: Damn! It's so hot in here.
Nuku Nuku: I don't think so. This is like sunbathing!
Ryoko: Can we go find Eimi now?
Nuku Nuku: Fine. Want a Taiyaki Pancake?
Ryoko: A what?
Nuku Nuku: Nevermind. Let's go.

Then, two armbands appeared on Nuku Nuku & Ryoko's arms. It was Venucia's
markings.

Venucia: This is Venucia. I am speaking to you two through these armbands.
You must find a fireball on a pillar of stone. There you'll find the one
called Eimi.

Nuku Nuku and Ryoko continued their way through the Pit of Fire. The
continue walking until they find a fireball on a pillar of stone. Then the
fireball left out a flare. Eimi came out of that flare.

Nuku Nuku: Eimi!
Ryoko: This is Eimi?
Eimi: We meet again Nuku Nuku.
Ryoko: I cannot believe this runt is Eimi. Doesn't even look intimidating.
Eimi: What did you call me?
Nuku Nuku: Calm down Eimi. Want a Taiyaki Pancake?
Eimi: TAIYAKI?!?!
Ryoko: This Nuku Nuku is so dense!
Eimi: I don't want any Taiyaki...I WANT YOUR BODY!
Ryoko: I didn't know this runt is a lesbian.
Eimi: Runt? LESBIAN?!?!?
Nuku Nuku: Calm down Eimi!
Eimi: Out of the way android!

Eimi lunged at Ryoko and tried to strangle her. Then Ryoko vanished and
reappeared above Eimi. Ryoko then shot some lightning bolts at Eimi. Eimi
clumsily dodges every single one of them. Nuku Nuku tried to restrain Eimi,
but she flipped Nuku Nuku over. Nuku Nuku landed safely and rushed toward
Eimi. Eimi got knocked down, then got up and then tried to open her mouth
as if she was trying to get in Nuku Nuku's body by going in by her mouth!
Ryoko pulled her out and into one of the lava pits. Sadly, the heat of the
lava pits caused her to explode. Ryoko threw a shield to block any lava
that fell near her & Nuku Nuku. The fireball fizzed out and Inferna was set
free.

Inferna: I have you two the thank for freeing me.
Nuku Nuku: Is your name Inferna?
Ryoko: Who else could it be?
Inferna: I see the 14 chosen ones are powerful even when separated.
Nuku Nuku: You're welcome miss.
Inferna: Now that I'm free, I must go to Venucia, and you two should go
too.

Inferna chanted a magic spell that teleported herself, Ryoko & Nuku Nuku
out of the Pit of Fire.
                      ~~~~~Devilman & Cutey Honey~~~~~


Devilman & Cutey Honey make it to the Rock Gardens of Azhahl. They look
around to see if they can find theirold adversary, Siren.

Devilman: So this is the Rock Gardens of Azhahl.
Honey: What an unusual place.
Devilman: Where can we find Siren?
Honey: I'm not sure.

Cutey Honey's arm began to glow...so did Devilman's. Then, the glow
dissipated and armbands appeared on Cutey Honey's & Devilman's left arms.
Venucia began to talk through the armbands.

Venucia: This is Venucia. You are in the Rock Gardens of Azhahl. You must
go north to find your old enemy, Siren.

Devilman & Cutey Honey traveled north. After a few minutes of walking,
there was a glowing piece of stone on a pillar of ice. The stone glowed,
then the Demon Bird Siren appeared before them.

Devilman: Siren! Siren: We meet again Devilman!
Honey: This is Siren? Man, she is ugly!
Siren: Ugly?! You'll die for that insult!

Siren flew in the air and lunged at Devilman. Devilman dodged the attack.
Cutey Honey shouted "Honey Flash!" and transformed into Rambo Honey. Rambo
Honey shot some rounds of ammunition at Siren, but her skin was too tough
for bullets to pierce it. Devilman lunged at Siren and managed to rip off
one of her arms. It didn't do much good. She could still fight valiantly
with just one arm. Rambo Honey shouted "Honey Flash!" one more time and
transformed into Sister Honey (she was dressed like a nun). Sister honey
threw a razor-sharp rosary at Siren which weakened her considerably.
Devilman lunged at Siren one more time and ripped Siren to shreds.

Devilman: That is the end of Siren.
Honey: We have won.
Devilman: Could you transform again please? The nun outfit is making me
nervous.
Honey: Sorry. HONEY FLASH!

Sister Honey transformed back into Cutey Honey. Just then, the enchanted
stone shattered into pebbles and Andressi was freed.

Andressi: Thank you both for freeing me.
Honey: Is your name Andressi?
Andressi: Yes. You two are very powerful. You make Venucia proud.
Devilman: Thank you, what should we do now?
>Andressi: This battle is over. Now I must go to Venucia without haste, and
you two should too.

Andressi chanted a magic spell that sent herself, Devilman & Cutey Honey
away from the Rock Gardens of Azhahl.
                    ~~~~~Yohko Mano & Azuka Kanzaki~~~~~


Yohko Mano & Azuka Kanzaki managed to make their way inside the Eternal
Tornado. With luck they make through the tornado's strong winds.

Yohko: This is the Eternal Tornado?
Azuka: This must be stronger than the strongest typhoon!
Yohko: Well, we must reach our goal...in order to strengthen our skills.

Then, armbands appeared on Yohko & Azuka's arms. This is where Venucia made
her mark.

Venucia: Thank goodness you safely went through the Eternal Tornado! Now
listen carefully... in the center of the Eternal Tornado, you must do
battle with Dark Queen Reiko. Defeat her, and the tornado will vanish.

Yohko and Azuka tried looking for the center of the tornado. Then, a orb of
compressed wind floated above Yohko & Azuka. Then, a bolt of lightning
released Dark Queen Reiko, armed with her sword.

Reiko: Once again, I do battle with the Devil Hunter that killed me.
Azuka: You fought her before?
Yohko: It was when I discovered my heritage Azuka.
Reiko: Now I will kill you both, and send you to Hell with me!

Dark Queen Reiko ran toward Yohko & Azuka with her sword in hand. She made
her swing but Yohko & Azuka jumped out of the way. Yohko summoned her
Soulsword and Azuka summoned her Spear of Fuma. Yohko swung at Reiko but
Reiko blocked the attack successfully. Azuka came in, spun her spear and
jabbed it in Reiko's side. Reiko weakened under the attack. Then, Yohko
threw her sword and it went through Reiko's black heart. Reiko screamed and
collapsed.

Just then, the Eternal Tornado dissipated and the compressed ball of wind
floated downward again. This time, it died down and Typhoon was freed from
her prison.

Typhoon: Finally, I'm free!
Yohko: Who are you?
Typhoon: I am Typhoon, the Neo-Elemental of Wind.
Azuka: Are you ok?
Typhoon: Never better. Now, I must go, and I must take you too with me.

Typhoon chanted a magic spell that teleported herself, Yohko & Azuka away
from what was left of the Eternal Tornado.
                        ~~~~~Lion-O & Hystalin~~~~~


Lion-O & Hystalin made their way toward the Mountain of Ice. They must face
off against Lion-O's age old enemy, Mumm-Ra. Hystalin got a little too cold
in there but managed to cast a parka on herself to keep warm.

Hystalin: This is the Mountain of Ice? Damn! It's so cold!
Lion-O: Reminds me of the Caverns of Cold.
Hystalin: Can we get this over with? I feel like I'm getting a cold.

Lion-O & Hystalin found a cave in the Mountain of Ice. They both went in
and continued their way through the Mountain of Ice. After a brisk walk,
they find a block of ice on top of a pillar of crystal. The ice cube gave
out a mist that filled the room, then Mumm-Ra was released.

Mumm-Ra: Once again, I've been brought back from the abyss to face off with
you one more time! This time, I will make sure you will die!
Hystalin: Back off mummy!
Mumm-Ra: Hystalin? I don't believe it!
Lion-O: He knows you?
Hystalin: I wish he didn't!
Mumm-Ra: I cannot believe that my goody-goody twin sister would want to
kill me!
Lion-O: TWIN SISTER?!?!
Hystalin: It's not something I'd like to talk about.
Mumm-Ra: No matter...I'll kill you both myself!
Mumm-Ra chanted a dark magic spell at Lion-O & Hystalin. Black lightning
struck the pair from Mumm-Ra's hands. Hystalin chanted the magic spell of
Inferno on Mumm-Ra, but it did very little damage. Lion-O used the Sword of
Omens, but that too did little good. Mumm-Ra attacked again with black
lightning, and it weakened Lion-O & Hystalin considerably. Hystalin has no
choice but to cast the spell of Undead Harm. Hystalin chanted the spell on
Mumm-Ra. It struck home. Mumm-Ra was defeated but Hystalin's strength was
drained. (The spell of Undead Harm drains ones life force.) Mumm-Ra was
reduced to ashes.

The ice cube on the pillar of crystal melted into a puddle. Then, the
puddle let out a strange mist. Freezette came out of that mist.

Freezette: I've finally free!
Hystalin: (panting) Who...is...that?
Lion-O: I think that is Freezette.
Freezette: You are correct Lion-O. I would like to thank you both for
freeing me... especially you Hystalin. Sacrificing your strength to save me
was something I wouldn't ask. Thank you both.
Hystalin: (still panting) Well...it's...no...problem.
Freezette: You need rest. Come with me. I must take you both to Venucia.

Freezette chanted a magic spell that teleported herself, Lion-O & Hystalin
away from the Mountain of Ice.
                            ~~~~~Belldandy~~~~~


Belldandy made it near the Whirlpool of Time. She floated near the opening.
Then, she felt something on her arm. It was an armband that Venucia marked
her with.

Venucia: Listen Belldandy, you must go in the Whirlpool of Time. It affects
the aging process, but those who are immortal like yourself will be
unaffected. Go in and be careful. You must do battle with the evil goddess
Mara.
Bell: I hear you Venucia...and I will go fight Mara.

Belldandy went straight in the Whirlpool of Time. There were some floating
bones and skulls that startled Belldandy at first, but she managed to move
away from them, until she noticed on the ocean floor, a single large pearl
on a bed of coral that was giving off a weird aura. The glow intensified
and stopped, then Mara was released.

Mara: Well, well, well...if isn't Belldandy!
Bell: MARA!
Mara: Nice to see you again. Ya know...I've been thinking...
Bell: Of what?
Mara: ...of how I'm going to kill you.

Mara shot a fire spell at Belldandy but Bell dodged in time. Belldandy
chanted a lightning spell to counterattack, but that too went wide. Mara
then threw an ice spell at Belldandy. Belldandy counterattacked with a
powerful fire spell. This one struck home. Mara was left in flames. Then,
Mara threw a magic rope at Belldandy and tied her up.

Mara: Now that I have you tied up, I can easily kill you.

Just then, Venucia started talking through Belldandy's armband.

Venucia: Belldandy, I have someone here who can help you. You're sister
Skuld sent it to me. Here it comes!

Just then, out of the blue an little robot appeared. It had a large hat,
and wires and pipes coming out of its back. It was the Mini-Banpei RX.
(Read Mara Strikes Back Part 2 for details...)

Bell: I...I don't believe it!
Mara: Oh no! NOT THAT THING AGAIN!

The Mini-Banpei RX lifted its hat and several cannons came out, loaded with
anti-evil charms. Banpei fired the good luck charms on Mara. Mara screamed
in pain as every single anti-evil charm landed somewhere on Mara's body. It
was too much for Mara to take. Mara vanished in a puff of smoke...and so
did the Mini-Banpei RX.

Bell: How come that robot came in and you couldn't let Keichii come with
me? Venucia: The robot cannot live, not can it die. In a way, it's immortal
like you. Also, it would've been too dangerous for Keichii to follow you
anyway.
Bell: I understand.

Then, the pearl glowed one more time, then shattered. The Whirlpool of Time
dissipated and vanished. Belldandy rose to the surface. Then, something
else rose to the surface. It was Aquaticia riding on a small tidal wave.

Aquaticia: Belldandy, I owe you my life today. Bell: You're welcome. I hope
Mara isn't hurt.
Aquaticia: She's fine. She's back in her own dimension.
Bell: That's good. I don't like to hurt anyone, not even the few enemies I
have.
Aquaticia: Well...you and I must go to Venucia.

Aquaticia chanted a magic spell that sent herself and Belldandy away from
what was left of the Whirlpool of Time.
                  ~~~~~Lina Inverse & Gourry Gabriev~~~~~


Lina Inverse & Gourry Gabriev made their way to the Lightning Fields. Lina
landed on her feet but Gourry landed face first, and ended up having is
long blond hair standing up on ends.

Lina: Gourry, you should've looked where you landed.
Gourry: That's easy for you to say.
Lina: Well, we better get this over with.
Gourry: Where in here are we going to find Bolta?

Just then, two armbands appeared on Lina & Gourry's arm

Venucia: Listen Lina & Gourry, you must find a lightning ball on a pillar
of garnet. You must face off against your past adversary there. But be
carefull...one false step and you two could be electrocuted. Be careful.

Lina & Gourry continued their way through the Lightning Fields, making sure
they don't make any false steps. After a few minutes, they found the
lightning ball on a pillar of garnet. It made a loud flash, and a big Black
Dragon came out. This was the same dragon that Lina & Gourry fought against
that was owned by the Dragon Fangs.

Gourry: A BLACK DRAGON!?!?
Lina: This will be easy. I've beaten one before. I can easily beat it
again.

Lina chanted a fireball spell on the Black Dragon, but it did no good. Then
Gourry tried to make a swing at it but was swatted away by the dragon's
wing. Gourry landed on Lina, and got themselves charged up. (Literally!)
Lina then chanted a gigavolt spell on her sword and threw it that dragon's
chest. It went home, but it was useless on it. Gourry lunged at the dragon
with his sword and tried to distracted the black dragon long enough for
Lina to cast her most powerful spell of all...the Dragon Slave.

Lina: Power beyond the twilight and the crimson blood that flows, buried in
the stream of time...
Gourry: Ahhhhh!!!! My butt is on fire again!!!!!!!!!
Lina: I pledge myself to darkness and to destroy all our foes with this
mighty gift bestowed in my unworthy hands....DRAGON SLAVE!!!!!!!!!!!!

Lina chanted her most powerful spell on the Black Dragon. The dragon was
destroyed, along with the Lightning Fields. The pillar of garnet shattered
and the lightning ball fizzed out. Bolta was freed.

Bolta: Free! I am free!
Lina: So this is Bolta.
Gourry: Look Lina. Her feet doesn't touch the ground!
Bolta: Gourry, it was a curse that I was born with.
Lina: Well, we're glad that you're safe. Sorry I destroyed the Lightning
Fields. I had to, in order to destroy the dragon. My Dragon Slave seems to
have lethal effect.
Bolta: That's ok. Now we must go. Venucia waits for us.

Bolta chanted a magic spell that teleports herself, Lina & Gourry away from
what was left of the Lightning Fields.

This is where Part 3 stops for now. The other Neo-Elementals are freed, but
there's one more step to be taken, one more battle to be fought. What could
that be? Will the 14 Chosen Ones be up to the challenge?