  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
The 14 Chosen arrive at Mt. Angelus, an area that was been locked away from
all of civilization for 1000 years, until today.

Lina: This is Mt. Angelus?
Gourry: Pretty small for a mountain.
Hystalin: Why does this look so different?

Just then, a horde of undead spirits appeared. They all mounted up for an
attack. Every one of the 14 chosen ones.

Lina: FIREBALL!!!!!

Lina chanted a fireball spell that wipes out some of the undead, but many
more came and attacked. Gourry had his sword ready and made an attempt to
subdue the undead army. An aura from his Sword of Light caused a good
amount of the army to vanish. Belldandy & Hystalin teamed up with a Holy
Power spell and wiped out the rest of the ghosts of Mt. Angelus.

The battle ended and they continued their through the once closed out Mt.
Angelus.

Hystalin: I think we should go this way.
Ushio: Hystalin, have you been here before?
Hystalin: Yes. Me, Lion-O & Devilman fought against Victoro a very long
time ago. I thought that if he was dead, his evil would end. It never
dawned on me that he would come again, not even at this time period.
Tora: Well, in that case, all of has to defeat him. This time, for good!
Hystalin: It's very hard to destroy the undead. I'm not sure my Undead Harm
spell would destroy him. Moreover, I'm afraid if I use it again, I could
die.
Lion-O: Don't worry honey. I'm sure all of us will purge his evil from the
world.
Hystalin: I hope I can stay as optimistic as you can...

Just then, a bright light came in front of them. Then the light turned into
darkness. The darkness gathered at one place and appeared in the form of
the woman. It was Dark Krysa.

Dark Krysa: Once again, you persist of coming through this mountain! I will
not let you pass again!

Dark Krysa shot a ribbon that tied Hystalin & Lion-O up, then Ushio slashed
the ribbon with his spear. Then Ushio rushed toward Dark Krysa. Dark Krysa
shot a dark magic spell at Ushio, but the spell didn't phase him at all.
Ushio managed to get close enough to plunge his spear into Dark Krysa,
sending her back to the abyss that she came from.

Ushio: That was too easy.
Hystalin: What kind of spear is that?
Ushio: It's called the Beast Spear. I found it pinned to Tora on a rock.
Hystalin: You got a good weapon. Now let's continue our way up.

Just then, another ghost from the past arrive at the scene. There was a
thick fog until it gathered into one place. It was the Spider Amazon, Ocha
(from Free Spirits).

Ocha: Go any further, and I'll kill you all!
Ryoko: This one is mine!

Ryoko goes in front of Ocha. Ocha spews a thick, sticky web at Ryoko but
misses. Ryoko throws a lightning bolt at Ocha, it stunned her. Then Ryoko
makes Ocha disappear. Then, Ryoko made Ocha reappear off the cliff. Ocha
panicked as she fell of the mountain.

They all continue their way through Mt. Angelus. Later a crack in the air
broke open. Then someone stepped out. It was Lina's adversary, Zelgadis.

Zelgadis: Do you think you can escape me?
Lina: Hey! That's impossible! You can't be here! You're frozen in time!
Zelgadis: Oh, Lina! You has so much to learn about me... I'm immune to any
magic on the Astral Plane. Now, how about giving me that statue before I
kill you and your friends?
Tora: Damn! He's so butt-ugly!
Zelgadis: And who are you... Garfield on crack?!
Tora: THAT DOES IT!

Tora jumped in front of Zelgadis. Zelgadis manages to cast a Shadow Snap on
Tora's shadow before he made contact.

Tora: Why the hell am I in the air?
Zelgadis: I just snagged your shadow. You cannot move at all!
Lina: A light spell is in need right now...

Lina chants a light spell. Tora's shadow fades away and Tora falls down. He
goes after Zelgadis once again. Zel chants some flare arrow spells but it
did nothing. Tora pushes Zelgadis off the mountain. They fall until
Zelgadis chants the Raw Tilt spell. He vanishes, perhaps back on the Astral
Plane, but sends Tora in the opposite direction and is thrown back on the
mountain cliff.

Tora: No one calls me Garfield and lives!
Ushio: For this, you'll get an extra steak we get back home.

Once again, they continue their way through the mountain. Finally they
arrive at the top. It's all still and quiet.

Yohko: This is it?
Azuka: It seems so quiet.
Honey: A little too quiet...
Hystalin: He's here!
Lion-O: Who's here?
Hystalin: Victoro! I can feel his evil presence here. He's not here
physically, but I can feel him around here!

The fog grows thicker with every breath. Then the fog gathers in one place
and forms into a figure.

Victoro: I've been dead for 1000 years! Once again, I have come back from
the Abyss. The world will once again know my name! I am Victoro!

Hystalin: Hello Victoro!
Victoro: Hello Hyst. I've never expected that you and your buddies would
get so far!
Hystalin: You may have waited this long to come back... but I'll make sure
the we kill you... this time FOR GOOD!
Victoro: Oooh! I'm shaking!

Hystalin chants a Holy Power spell on Victoro's apparition. It did some
damage but not too much. Then the 14 Chosen ones were hit with a Meteor
Shower spell Everyone was bombarded with hundreds of falling stars from the
heavens. Lina got up. She looks straight at the eye at the apparition.

Lina: Victoro, you have taken the normality out of my life forever! I will
destroy you for retribution!

LIna cupped her hands and threw a fireball spell at the ghost.
Surprisingly, it didn't phase him. Before she moved, the ghost got hit with
a bigger fireball. She knew that she didn't throw it. She turned around and
saw the most unusual surprise.

Lina: NAGA?!?!
Naga: You didn't think that your most powerful rival would stay home,
wouldn't you? A wizard a powerful and well-endowed as I just couldn't stay
behind!
Lina: How the hell did you find me?
Naga: I encountered Zelgadis a week ago & followed him in his "air pocket"
as he called it. So as you can see, I got here through the Astral Plane!
Cool, ne?
Gourry: This is Naga?& You're right! She does look like a slut!
Naga: Exsqueese me?
Lina: I'll explain later. Gourry, when we get through this, I'm going to
check your brain for cobwebs!

Hystalin & Belldandy got up and chanted Lightning spells at the ghost, and
did make some kind of damage. Then Cutey Honey, Lion-O, Yohko & Azuka
lunged their blades in Victoro. The shock of the attack was extreme. So
much that the blow caused Victoro to chant a Armageddon Spell. (This spell
would destroy anything within a 50-mile radius at the cost of the caster's
own life.)

Hystalin: That's the Armageddon Spell! He plans to go to Hell and take all
of us with him!
Naga: Not if I can help it!
Lina: Naga! What are you doing?

Naga chants a Bomb Catch spell. This catches the explosion before it
happens. Then Naga flies in the air with a Levitation spell. She flies away
from the mountain to make sure that the explosion is too for it to be
destructive. Sadly the Bomb Catch did not last long. The Bomb Catch spell
was too weak for Naga to hold, and Victoro's Armageddon spell was complete.
Naga was thrown from the attack and flew down to the top of Mt. Angelus.

Lina and the 14 Chosen Ones rush to Naga's side. Lina & Gourry came the
closest toward Naga.

Naga: Well... (Cough!) It looks like it's the end for me!
Lina: Naga, don't talk! Does anyone know white magic?
Naga: I don't think white magic will spare me...
Lina: Hystalin, do something!!!
Naga: Lina, you flat-chested wench! Let me pass over in peace!

Hystalin chanted every white magic spell she could think of to save Naga.
But it there was nothing she could do.

Naga: Lina, take care of yourself! You've beaten me! You're the best!
Lina: Naga...
Naga: You take care of her!
Lina: Naga, please don't go!
Lina: Tell Ameria when you see her, that her big sister loves her. Good-bye
everyone!

Naga closes her eyes and her body became limp. Naga died.

Lina: NAGA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Then Venucia came into the picture.

Venucia: Well the 14 Chosen Ones has fulfilled their prophecy! Well done!
I'm proud of you!
Lina: What cost was it of? Because of this war, I've lost an old friend!
Venucia: I'm sorry you're friend died. This was something that was totally
unexpected! How did she get here anyway?
Lina: Ever heard of the Astral Plane?
Venucia: The Astral Plane? That is the only place that time freezing is
totally immune! Well as I promised you all, I will send you all back to
your time dimensions. I give you this time for your good-byes.

Hystalin: I guess we must go!
Lion-O: It's nice to see you two again, Sailor Moon & Devilman
Sailor Moon: Same here :)
Devilman: Me too.
Ryoko: Nuku Nuku?
Nuku Nuku: Yes Ryoko?
Ryoko:& Take care & take care of Ryunosuke! Tell your family I said hi.
Cutey Honey: Devilman?
Devilman:& Yes Cutey Honey?
Cutey Honey: Thank you. Sorry about the nun outfit.
Devilman: It's okay! You take care of yourself!
Hystalin: Well, it's nice to know all of you and I wish you all the best.
Ushio, make sure you feed Tora well. I think I see him licking his chops.
Ushio: Tora, get that look off your face, we're leaving now!
Tora: But I'm so hungry...

Everyone finishes saying good-bye to each other.

Venucia: I see that you all have finished their good-byes. Now I will take
you all back to your time dimensions right now.

Then a light came from Venucia's choker. It slowly grew bigger. Then a big
flash of light occurred...

~~~~~EPILOGUE~~~~~

Lion-O & Hystalin gets back to New Thundera. Nocti welcomes them, gives
them a big hug, and tell them that she loves her mother and father. Just
them, the doorbell rings and Nocti's date show up...

Cutey Honey arrives back at Tokyo 1973. She arrives to see that her city
has been cleaned out of bandits and that her home is actually squeaking
clean. She gasps at the sight of her home being purged from bandits...

Akira Fudo (AKA Devilman) returns back to Tokyo 1972. He goes back to work
on purging the earth of all its demons...

Ecliptic Sailor Moon returns to Crystal Tokyo 2097, takes off and retires
her locket and return to her duties as Neo-Queen Serenity. Small Lady shows
up and gives her mother a hug and tells her that she loves her...

Belldandy returns to Nekomi Tech 1991, and greets Keichii Morisato with
open arms. For the first time ever, they kiss...

Back in Atlas City, Lina & Gourry return, though Lina is still mourning
over the death of the fallen former comrade. Zelgadis appears in front of
her again and demands the Orihalcon Stature. This starts a fight...

Yohko Mano & Azuka Kanzaki returns to Tokyo 1990. Yohko's grandmother is
there to greet her. She says that she has now perfected the art of devil
hunting. Yohko's mother Sayoko protests that she should find a boyfriend
and passes her some fresh rubbers...

Ushio Aotsuki & his demon cat friend Tora returns back to Tokyo 1995. Ushio
finds some fresh steaks. Tora is very happy and begins to eat the raw
steaks...

Nuku Nuku returns to Tokyo 1994. She comes home and tells Ryunosuke &
Papa-san her great story. Before she could finish, Arisa & Kyouko show up
in one of their flying mecha to demand they turn over Ryunosuke to Lady
Akiko...

Ryoko returns to Tokyo 1993. She falls from a black hole and accidentally
lands on Tenchi as he walks. Ayeka was shocked that her rival got to her
goal faster than she could! Ryoko put her finger under her eye and sticks
out her tongue. Ayeka gets really mad...

The 9 Neo-Elementals regain control of Neo-Angelus. Victoro's evil spirit
was purged from the universe once and for all. Neo-Angelus slowly recovers
as a catastrophe that once rocked the planet slowly recovers, thanks to the
14 Chosen Ones, and one who sacrificed herself to save the universe. Sailor
Moon, Nuku Nuku, Ryoko, Belldandy, Ushio Aotsuki, Tora, Yohko Mano, Azuka
Kanzaki, Lion-O, Hystalin, Cutey Honey, Lina Inverse, Gourry Gabriev, Naga
the Serpent... rest well. You deserve it!