
	The following takes place outside of the normal storyline of My Sisters Toreishi. It
takes place over a few dates during the story. Some material of this fic is owned by AIC, Toho,
Pioneer, and Wizards of the Coast.


MY SISTERS TOREISHI SIDE STORY- GAME NIGHT II: THE SECOND SESSION

	"WHAT DO YOU MEAN 31 INCHES?!!!!" Ryoko yelled

	"Rules are rules." Ijuin, replied.

	"Ryoko," said Aeka "it's not really that big of a deal."

	The Cavegirl sat in silence for a few seconds, then replied "THAT'S EASY FOR YOU TO 
SAY!!! SULIA'S GOT 36 INCH TITS!!!"

	Mina giggled "Tee-hee! Ryoko said 'tits!'"

	Kanna finally decided to intervine "Ryoko, we all had to roll our measurments. You 
shouldn't expect a large cheast anyway. Tashara is a 4'11" drow who you've always told us was
very slender, and that includes breasts! You have three negative modifiers to your measurment
 rolls! Sulia is a 5'9" human and she happened to get a max result on her roll."

	"And Skatha's 38 inchers came from being 6'3", having great genes, and all that muscular
development!" Yayoi said, kinda rubbing it in

	"Aquilla's got 37-24-25!" said Washu (Almost rubbing it in)

	"Erin is 34-23-34!" added Satsuki (Close to rubbing it in)

	"Ariel's 35-23-34!" Kanna also added (In the neighboorhood of rubbing it in)

	"And don't forget Xiio!" Uzuki said from upstairs "Her's are 40 inches. They're real, and
they're spectacular!" (Actually rubbing it in)

	"Shut up, guys!"

	Mina tried to consoul Ryoko. "Don't feel too bad. I'm a 31 incher too... of course, I'm 
also a foot shorter than you! Now THAT'S rubbing it in!"

	Aeka was now actually consouling Ryoko. "Don't feel too bad. You should know that on her
sexual orientation roll Sulia got bi-sexual, so you shouldn't feel so glum."

	Kanna cleared her throat "Um, Aeka... we ALL rolled that."

	"Don't remind me!" Satsuki said "I can't BELIEVE we all rolled a 100 on that table!"

	"I didn't!" Tenchi said. "I'm as strait as a line. I rolled a 1, meaning I'm extreamly
secure in my Masculinity."

	"Yeah, yeah, yeah, guys." Ijuin said, trying to change the subject. "I have some news
for you. As you know, there's gonna be a local RPG tounrney next month. As you may have already
been gloated to, Yayoi has recieved a special invite as last year's champion."

	"AND reigning Ultimate Barbarian Battle Babes Amazon Queen!"

	"PLUS, some of my fellow DM's and I have recieved a notice telling us to each pick one 
player from our table to enter into the tournament. One of the other DM's, one Nabiki Tendo-"

	Kanna gasped "I remember her! She played Zirana, Mistress of Chaos in that tournament 
three years ago! We had stocked up on Greek Fire and Acid so we could do battle with a band of 
Trolls! And when we reached into our packs to get to bottles, we found them AND Zirana GONE!"

	"Yeah," Yayoi continued "we lost 4 good PC's that day! There was Keitaro's fighter, 
Whack the Dwarf, Keiichi's paladin Edmund Tarsis, Makoto Mizuhara's Elven Ranger Corenellian, 
and poor, poor Gendo Ikari's halfling bard... he changed after that game. From a happy go lucky 
guy to a REAL asshole. I hear Gendo became a scientist on a top secret project. Only Makoto 
Kino's Fighter-Mage Elf Jovia, Kanna's cleric, and the great Skatha the Red walked away from that 
battle."

	"So what happened to Zirana?" asked young Mr. Masaki

	Kanna looked around nervously "Uhhh... some... unpleasentness. Wecannevertalkaboutitagain."

	Yayoi smiled "Let's just say it involved Skatha, Zirana, some rope, a bullwhip, and the 
phrases 'OW! THAT HURTS!,''PLEASE STOP!'and 'WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?'"

	Tenchi spit out the soda he had just drank. "Yayoi, remind me NEVER to get on Skatha's 
bad side."

	"Here's Mizuhara's rendering of how I left Zirana!" Yayoi said, showing the group a sheet 
of paper.

	"EWWWWWWWWWWW!" Ryoko, Aeka, Mina, Tenchi, Kanna, and Satsuki said in unison.

	"You left her alive!" Washu grinned "Nice touch! I'll bet Zirana and Nabiki NEVER lived 
this one down!"

	"PEOPLE PLEASE!!!!!" Ijuin yelled, trying to maintain order "Nabiki already has a group 
going, and Mizuhara is getting one together. I've also been informed that Kino, Keiichi and Kei-
taro will be joining new groups soon. I expect to see a few familiar faces in this year's 
tournament."

	"You mean Whack the Indestructable is back? HOODY-FREAKING-HOO!" reminiced Yayoi "When I 
think of all the times that little guy took slings, arrows, and breath weapons for me, I get all-"

	"Took for you? You grabbed him by the backpack and used him as a dwarven shield!" Kanna 
replied. 

	"Hey, he stopped them, dinna he?"

	A FEW MINUTES LATER...

	'Ieyasu' asked "Skatha, are you sure that's a good idea?"

	"Hey, that band of fire giants dissed MY sidekick! They will drown in lakes of blood!" 
replied 'Skatha'

	"Yes," said 'Ariel' "but using up that favor that Erosia the titaness owes you is not 
very... wise."

	"She's a titaness of Erotic Dancing!" 'Molly Troublefinder' pointed out. "Stripping and 
lapdancing is about all she can do! Besides, while they are drooling over her, we can whack them 
palookas!"

	Ryoko smiled and said "You know Yayoi, I love the way you and Mina play. Count Tashara in 
on this one!"

	Washu then said "Aquila's gonna prep some fireb-" but before she could finish, Satsuki put 
her hand over mouth.

	"You fool! These are FIRE giants! Those won't work!"

	"Damn! That's my best spell! The only other thing that comes close is that ice storm 
spell... heeeeeeeeeeeey." Washu said with her trade mark devilish grin.

	MUCH GIANT FELLING LATER...

	Ijuin finished his figuring. "Okay, here's the kill summary. Aquilla's ice storm didn't do 
any killing, but it did do some signifigant weakening. Then Molly Troublefinder backstabbed one 
AND rolled a crit with her Dagger of Spinectomy, killing him. Then Tashara rolled to attack, rolled 
a one, MISSED her target but DID manage to hit the Mage who was leading them but was invisable, 
causing a burning oil flask in his pack to break open and catch fire, literally turning him into 
a piece of Wizard tempura."

	"Mmmmmm... tempura." Yayoi said.

	"Then Sulia used a Psionic crush on another, who made a critical failure on his saving 
throw, causing his head to explode. Ariel then cast Call Lighting, striking another one, who was 
knocked unconsious. Erin the Albino then charged at the supertitious fire giant, who saw her, 
thought she was a ghost, and then ran right into Ieyasu, who took 25 points of damage but DID 
manage to trip the giant, who's head was cracked open on a rock."

	"Thanks for the assist, Good sir Monk."

	"Now, on to Skatha. She lept into the middle of them, announcing her name. This caused one 
of the fire giants drop dead from shear fear, caused 4 more to drop their weapons and surrender, 
one more to flee, screaming "run away! Run away!," and that left two more who chose to fight. 
Skatha then used her "Salmon Leap" profficiency to leap into the air, behead one of them, and 
cut the other's nose off. He turned out to be their shaman. It then turned into a classic battle 
in which Skatha and Braveheart slew the 15th level fire giant shaman, Gotex the Inferno! That, 
btw, was an unassisted kill since he was out of the range of Aquila's spell. He was carrying some 
valuable items, including the legendary Maunal of Airship Construction AND a giant-sized bag of 
holding with the materials neccessary to convert a regular ship into an AIRSHIP!"

	"Ooooo! Dibs on the manual!" Washu said

	"Hey! You can't do that! I killed the guy by myself!" Yayoi replied indignantly

	"Hey, dibs is dibs! I called it!"

	"Kanna," Ijuin said "remind Washu of the last rule in the Dibs Protocol."

	Kanna cleared her throat "If the item in question was introduced as the result of an un-
assisted kill the 'right of spoils' goes to the slaying player -- PERIOD! Any 'dibs' called on 
such an item is ignored."

	Ryoko's eyes then lit up. "Was the Wizard an unassissted kill too?"

	"I'm not dead yet!" Ijuin said in the wizard's voice.

	"Yes you are! I roll to attack him!" Ryoko replied, rattling a d20 in her hand

	"Wait... you gonna kill an injured wizard while he's lying on the ground?"

	The collective table looked at Yayoi after she said this

	"Yayoi," Aeka said "You of all people would be the last person I would figure who would 
object to killing someone."

	"I'm not objecting to killing someone. It's just not a very sporting way of doing it."

	STILL LATER...

	"... and after 15 arduous days of travel, you finally arrive back home!"

	"Skatha's going to the Woman's Scorn Bar & Grill!"

	"Tashara'll join Skatha!"

	"Sulia will go home to visit her parents!"

	"Molly will go out and ply her trade on the streets! The people of Sellaria City are such 
suckers!"

	"Erin will procede to the Order of the Silver Dragon and make her monthly donation and do 
her 4 hours of community service this month."

	"Aquila will hit the mage's guild!"

	"Ieyasu will go to the monestary for meditation and training."

	"Ariel is going to the Temple of the Heavens and have a... private meeting with Lumis."

	Ijuin pulled out the dice and started rolling.

	"Okay" he said, checking the results "Skatha, you and Tashara eat, drink, gain the ire of 
a group of Gnolls who have walked in the bar and think they own the place. I'll get back to you 
later."

	"Sulia, your mother and Father have two bits of good news. One, your sister, the advisor 
to the prince, will be marrying said prince. AND you will soon be a big sister. Congradulations!"

	"Wow," replied Uzuki, who was observing the game since her Magical Recall session ended 
"Ijuin must have rolled a 100 on the 'Sibling Event Table' and a 89 on the 'Parent Event Table'!"

	Ijuin continued "Molly, you manage to get 400 gp from begging and 1,500 in pickpocketing 
a VERY high quality Amethyst ring from a thief who stole it from Sulia's mother... BTW, Aeka, the 
house was robbed. Forgot to tell you that."

	"Mommy's ring!"

	Continuing once again, Ijuin wemt to the next character "Erin, you tithe your 10% and 
spend four hours working at the orphanage. Aquila, the mage's guild is stuffed with the collective 
egos of 28 mages arguing like school boys over their pet theories."

	"There is NOTHING wrong with Aquila's theory about how Gnomes are actually the by product 
of dwarf, halfling, pixie, and chipmunk gene splicing! Why can't those poody-heads see that?"

	"Tenchi, Ieyasu goes to the monestary and meditates."

	"Ha!" Tenchi said "Nothing bad could POSSIBLY go wrong when you're sitting on a boulder in 
the rock garden meditating."

	"I'm glad you said that!" Ijuin said as he rolled twice. "Oh, this is good! Not only do you 
get a nasty sunburn, but the abbot makes you rerake the pebbles in the garden because you left your 
footprints in it."

	"That'll learn ya ta keep yer yap shut!" Yayoi said

	Kanna added "Don't EVER sit out in the sun on a bright day like this. The sun goddess likes 
to burn people who don't show her any respect."

	"But Ariel has gone nude sunbathing on days MUCH sunnier than this!"

	"True, but I'm a servant of hers, so she rewards me with immunity to sunburns." Kanna 
replied with a smile.

	"Speaking of Ariel..." Ijuin said "uh... Ariel and Lumis have a VERY satisfying meeting."

	"Gee," Mina interuppted, "you didn't role-play it this time!" 

	Kanna sat silent for a few moments "... that was only once. Those times you peeped in on 
us outside of the game have nothing to do with the game itself."

	"But then why were you dressed in your Ariel Live-Action RPG outfit and saying 'It is time 
for Lumis to pleasure A-'" Mina replied before Yayoi covered her sidekick's mouth.

	"Anyways, get back to the bar!" Yayoi said as she rattled the dice in her hand

	"One of the Gnolls says to the bar in general 'Tell the Skunk to get out of our bar! We 
don't want her kind here stinking up the joint!' in reference to Tashara. What are you doing, 
Ryoko?"

	"I walk up to the biggest one and say 'Listen, Puppy-boy, I'll leave when I'm damn good 
and ready! Now why don't you run along and hump some hill giant's leg?' Are they intimidated?"

	Ijuin rolled. "They are not. The good news is you will gain EXP and honor for what you just 
did. The bad news is that the gnolls gang up on you and restrain you while their leader walks up to 
you with a knife and says 'I wonder how much a SKUNK pelt will go for on the black market?'"

	Yayoi then looked up and said, "I order a bottle of Centaurian Whiskey!"

	The entire room save Yayoi and Uzuki facefaulted.

	"Xiio will hand Skatha her bottle of whiskey!" Uzuki chirped with a smile.

	"Thanks alot, Skatha! Remind me to hurl Greek fire on you from my afterlife Lay-Z-Boy!"

	"Okay, The Gnoll put the knife up to Tashara's face and says 'Scream for me!' Are you 
planning on doing anything, Skatha?" Ijuin said looking up from the screen.

	"Yeah, Skatha says to Tashara 'You'd better close your eyes!'" Yayoi replied as the room 
let out a collective groan, then she gave Uzuki a wink. "I BREAK THE WHISKEY BOTTLE ACROSS GNOLL 
NUMBER ONE'S EYES!!!!!!!"

	Ijuin's jaw dropped "Just how long have you two had this planned?"

	"Excatly 6 months, 21 days, 3 hours, and 15 minutes ago!" Uzuki said with another of her 
classic smiles.

	"Bar Brawl Tactic Number 13: Breaking Whiskey bottle across the face!"

	20 minutes of Bar Brawling later...

	"Okay" the GM said, looking at the results "You toss the last of the unruly gnolls into the 
shallow moat surrounding the 'Woman's Scorn Bar & Grill!'"

	"Skatha says to them 'Bad puppies! No doggie biskets for you!'"

	"Tashara adds 'You have to stay outside tonight! Try not to get caught in traffic!'"
	

	"Okay, that's as good as place as any to call it a session." Ijuin started doing calcula-
tions for the ep. "Well what do you know? Looks like we have people leveling up! Satsuki, Erin is 
now at level 14."

	"Yes! Finally I can call myself a Shinning Knight!"

	"Tenchi, because you still haven't found 8th levels of monks" to defeat, you will not be 
advancing this session either."

	"And to think when I was just level 5, I couldn't get into a shop without having to brush 
about 50 1st level monks aside!"

	"Mina, you are now the proud bearer of the title 'Expert Treasure Hunter'"

	"You mean Molly Troublefinder, the great and reknowned street urchin, has finally aquired 
her 12th level? Cor Blimey! That is so... so... CRIKEY!"

	"Kanna, Ariel is just 10 ep's short of level 16."

	"Are you sure you did the math right?" Kanna asked

	"I checked it twice. And yes, I took your ep bonus and your rp'ing eps'd into account."

	"Come on! Can't you just gimme the extra ten ep?"

	"Sorry, Kanna." Ijuin said "If I did that, it wouldn't be fair to the others."

	"Okay..." Kanna replied, with a manipulatively sad look on her face.

	"Oh no! Don't you go using that!" Yayoi said rather indignantly 

	"QUICK, IJUIN!!!!! AVERT YOUR EYES!!!!" yelled Tenchi

	But it was too late "THAT LOOK IS WORTH 10 EP!!!!!"

	"Thank you, dear." Kanna said as she wrote on her character sheet "I'm a Prelate now! That 
means I have more authority in the Church!"

	Ijuin did the final set of calculations "Yayoi, Skatha the Red has now reached Level 18. 
That's the highest level character I've DM'd!"

	"Nice going, Yayoi!" Tenchi said "What new title do you have now?"

	"Babarian. That's the only thing we're called, but now I get to call up a bigger barbarian 
horde."

	"Well," Ijuin said as he started putting his dice away "anything you guy wanna say before 
we wrap up?"

	Kanna raised her hand "Yes, Ijuin. I'm pregnant."

	"I don't recall rolling for that..." he replied, checking his notes

	"I didn't say Ariel, dear. I said I as in my-"

	Before Kanna could finish, Ijuin passed out and his head collided face first with the table.

	"It was just a joke, Ijuin!" Kanna said, shaking her boyfried

	"Ouch," exclaimed the pirate "he's gonna be feeling that in the morning!"

	"Not half as much as that four-sider his forehead hit! OWWWWWWEEEEEEE!" added Mina.

	NEXT SESSION: Ijuin's Recovery! Ieyasu Gains a Level! And More Skatha Mayhem!

Author's note: Hey, gang, should I write a fic of the actuall White River Bend incident? (As seen 
in the first RPG)