
	The following takes place outside of the normal storyline of My Sisters Toreishi. It
takes place over a few dates during the story. Some material of this fic is owned by AIC, Toho,
Pioneer, and Wizards of the Coast.



MY SISTERS TOREISHI SIDE STORY- GAME NIGHT

	Ijuin checked his watch. 'They'll be here with the snacks soon. Hope they get finished
shortly. Yayoi gets nuts if we don't start playing on time.'

	"Well, here he is." Tenchi said as he handed his character sheet to Ijuin.

	Ijuin scrutinized it for a few seconds. "Hmmm... A Sohei Warrior monk, huh?" He looked
a few seconds more "I see you've taken up that 'Art of the Spear' skill I came up with."

	"Yeah. That Sohei Monk kit you cooked up is great!" approved Tenchi

	"Ijuin, are you allowing him to play one of those?" asked Kanna

	"Yep. I think it's time that one got back into play."

	Kanna arched her eyebrow "Yes, but didn't they disqualify those from official play
after you entered one in that tournament a couple years ago and toppled the 5-year reign of 
terror of Kaji Hasegawa, causing him to retire from tournament play because of the humiliation
you caused him?"

	Tenchi's eyes nearly popped outta his head "THAT WAS YOU?!!!!! I heard he tried to
commit seppuku at the tournament!"

	"Yeah, but the Pocky kept breaking on him." Ijuin replied. "How about your character,
Ryoko?"

	Ryoko stuck her tongue out as she rolled the dice. "YES! ANOTHER 18! I AM ON A ROLL!"

	"ANOTHER 18? That's six 18's you've just rolled! Let me see those dice!" Ijuin said
as he inspected the bones.

	"Are you accussing ME of using loaded dice?" Ryoko said in a fake innocence

	Ijuin set the dice down flat on the table. They then popped up and flipped over to
sixes.

	Aeka was rather suprised as well "So THAT'S how you kept beating us at Yatze!"

	"You are NOT using these!" Ijuin took all of Ryoko's dice. "Washu, un-load these!"

	"Uh... I guess I'll unload my dice while I'm at it." Washu say as she exposed the dice
to a ray. 'Damn, he's good. Most people don't catch on till they loose.'

	"This is gonna be a loooong game." sighed Ijuin.

	ABOUT 30 MINUTES LATER...

	"Okay," Ijuin said "introduce your characters"

	Tenchi was first. "Okay, I'm playing a Sohei Monk named Ieyasu. He's on a journey to 
experience the world around him, spreading his philosophy for life. He carries a Naginata called
Oni's Bane."

	"YOU PROMISED NEVER TO USE THAT CLASS AGAIN!!!!" hollered Yayoi. "YOU USED ONE OF THOSE
TO SCREW ME OUT OF BEATING KAJI'S ASS!!!!! 15 rounds me and him went toe to toe, and you come in
and beat both of us in one round!"

	"I've made my call and that's that! Okay, Aeka, you're next." Ijuin said as he motioned
towards Aeka.

	"Well, I will be playing a Psionicist named Sulia. She's decended from a long line of
Psionicist. Her Father is a Magistrate, her mother an advisor to the queen, and her older sister
is an advisor to the Prince."

	"Very good character, Aeka!" Satsuki said with approval. "I guess I'm next. I play a 
Paladin named Erin the White. She's from an albino group of humans. All of her possesions are
white. She wears armor made from the hide of a white dragon and she carries an Ice Brand."

	"My turn!" Ryoko said as she slapped her sheet down "I play a dark elven Pirate named
Tashara the Dred! Her name used to be Cindel, but nobody would surrender to the Dred Pirate
Cindel, so she took the name Tashara. She has basically rejected her dark elf roots so she could
see more of the world besides the underdark... I HATE the dark!"

	"Is that all?" Washu said with a smirk "Well, I play an elven mage named Aquilla. She 
has all of her clothes embroidered with eagle designs. She even has an eagle tattoo on her back.
Heck, she even has gone as far as to have an eagle familiar! I AM THE GREATEST WIZARD IN ALL OF
THE PLANES OF EXSISTENCE!!!"

	"Mmmm-hmmm. I'll inform Rastlin, Merlin, Gandalf, and Elminster of your claim. Okay, you
are up, Mina." said Ijuin

	"Allow me to introduce myself!" Mina stated in a Dickensian orphan tone. "I am Molly
Troublefinder, at your service! I am a great and renouned street urchin. I can pick any pocket,
lift any coin purse, and steal any goodie off of the vendor's cart! How may I be of help to you
this day, gov'nah?"

	"WHAT?!!!" Tenchi, Ryoko, Aeka, and Washu said in unison

	Mina sighed. "I play a halfing theif who pretends to be a human girl."

	"She's also Yayoi's sidekick!" Satsuki laughed.

	"I AM NOT!"

	"Okay, next is Yayoi." said Ijuin

	"I am SKATHA THE RED! I destroy my foes! I take what I want! I BATHE in the blood of my
fallen enemies! And sometimes. SOMTIMES I go nuts, like right now!!!!!!"

	"So, you play a barbarian bezerker..." Tenchi said "So, tell me, Skatha. What is best in
life?"

	"TO CRAHSH ZA ENEMY! TO SEE ZEM DRIVEN BEFORE YOU! AND TO HEAR ZA LAMENTATIONS OF ZA
VOMEN!" Yayoi did in her best Ah-nuld accent.

	"Okay...... Uh, on to you, Kanna-chan."

	"Well, I play a priestess of the sun goddess named Ariel. She believes in talking instead
of fighting. She is a dislikes violence and only engages in combat to defend herself and her
friends."

	Ryoko looked around "Hey, where's Uzuki, Sasami, Mihoshi, and Misao?"

	"They are playing that Magical Girl RPG Uzuki created." Mina replied

	Yayoi looked dejected "Man, am I gonna miss Uzuki's loop-hole exploiting!"

	A FEW MINUTES LATER...

	"Okay, Mina. As you swipe the knife off of the vendor's cart, he grabs your wrist. 'Be
stealin' from me cart, are ye? Little girls shouldn't steal! There's only one way for little kids
to learn!' And with that he turns you over his knee, pulls down your pants, and starts spanking
you. There are a few people in the crowd laughing, while others either look on with annoyance, 
disgust, or they just don't care."

	Mina looked very suprised. "WHA-WHA-WHAT?!!!! WAAAAAAA!!!! I'm being dissed by a lowly
NPC! Someone help me out here!"

	Yayoi got into character. "Urge to kill... rising! Rising! RISING! HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!
I'M PULLING OUT BRAVEHEART AND WHOOPIN SOME NPC ASS!!!!!!"

	"Uh, Yayoi. You don't have Braveheart right now." said Satsuki. "You gave him to Erin so
we could prevent another 'White River Bend'* incident, remember?"

	"White River Bend?" Washu asked as she prepared to take more notes, as she had been since
the game started. "Is that a village?" 

	"It was." replied Kanna.

	"No, you see, I gave you a fake....Uh, I think you dropped it and.... No I didn't, you...
D'OH! All right! I'll just pound them with my hands!"

	Ijuin looked up from behind his screen. "Roll for attack, Yayoi."

	Yayoi tossed the polyhedrons, but with less than desirable results.

	"CRAP! I rolled a 1!!!!!" 

	"Okay, Yayoi. You missed and fall into a gladiator net the man was selling and get tangled
in it. The vendor's twin brother stands over you and says 'Lookie here. We have another bad girl
here! Looks like SHE needs a spanking as well!" he then rips down your trous-- err, red dragon
skin kilt with one hand and puts the other hand over your mouth!"

	Ryoko asked Ijuin "Are any of us in the area?"

	"Uh, yes. As a matter of fact one of you is. Aeka, Sulia is at the site of the comotion."

	"NO! She's not even IN the group!" Washu said in an annoyed tone! "This is group business!"

	Tenchi looked over to Washu. "You know, you are just a member of Tashara's crew yourself,
and Kanna hasn't hired you yet."

	"It's the principle of the thing. Besides, Sulia's to pacifistic for my taste!" replied
the scientist.

	"Aquilla isn't there, Washu. Sulia is! Aeka, what's Sulia gonna do?"

	Aeka thought for a few minutes. "Hmmm... my parents a very important people in this town.
Hmmm... I have an idea!"

	Aeka cleared her throat, and in the character of Sulia, the words came out of her mouth.

	"'What do you two think you are doing to these two ladies?' Do I get their attention?"

	Ijuin rolled. "Yes, you did. They turn and look at you."

	"They did?" asked Yayoi. "I BITE THIS BASTARD'S THUMB OFF!!!!"

	Ijuin went back to his NPC voice, "And just who do you think YOU are, little girl? Maybe
you should run back home to mommy and daddy and stay out of this!"

	Aeka stood up to give what she was about to say more emphasis. "Sulia says to this thing
that calls himself a man 'Maybe I WILL go back to my mother and father! I'm sure The Primary
Advisor to her Highness Queen Yumera and the High Majestrate of this city would LOVE to here
about two grown men beating up on a HELPLESS LITTLE GIRL!!!' After Sulia says this, she shows her
sigent ring to the man, which clearly shows her family's crest. It should be well know to his man
as the town statutes say that the High Majistrate's office approves of all business licenses. I
then ask 'Care to try me?'"

	Kanna started applauding "Well role-played, Aeka!"

	Ryoko looked rather indignant "Give me a break! You lied to the man! You know damn well
that Molly is nothing more than a common little sneak theif! I though you're Lawful Good character
could NEVER condone what she just did!"

	"Ahem, Miss Ryoko. I may know all about Molly's character past, but SULIA doesn't. This
is the first time she's ever seen Molly in her life, and she came upon the scene after Molly had
taken the dagger. As far as Sulia knows, she saw two big men picking on a helpless little girl,
not a halfling sneak thief being punished!"

	"VERY good, Aeka. You can count on EXTRA ep tonight" Ijuin approvingly replied.

	"Thank you, Your Mastership! By the way, what is the man's reaction?"

	Ijuin rolled the dice again. "He is sufficiently terrified, Aeka. You can tell this by
the little pool of liquid forming at his feet. Without a word, he lets Molly go, and his brother
TRIES to let Skatha go but can because her teeth are in a deathlock on his thumb!"

	"Let it go, Yayoi." Tenchi said.

	"Okay, if you insist. I duke the poor sap with my Ring off Tooth-Jarring. How many did I
knock out this time?" asked the second Toreishi

	Ijuin let a 1d4 fly. "Hmmm... You only got one this time, but you'll be glad to know it's
a canine."

	"HOODY-HOO!!!! Another canine for my collection!"

	"Okay" the Dungeon Master piped up "While they were earning some ep in the marketplace,
Ariel and Erin were interviewing captains and crew for the "Woman Scorned". So far, you have 
manged to hire 10 deckhands, a Navigator/Cartographer and his apprentice, a cook, a carpenter, 
and a supply clerk/First Mate. All you need is a captain and a master at arms. Tasharah the Dred
is now interviewing for the position of captain. The Dark Elf takes her place at the desk across
from you two"

	Satsuki got into character. "A Dark Elf? I look at her with suspicion."

	Ryoko was rather annoyed, so she got into it too " Oh geeze! What is it with you paladins
and dark elves? Just because we carried out a genocidal campaign against the Dwarves-"

	"AND failed!" Satsuki interrupted

	"-doesn't mean ALL of us our bad! My clan took out an entire Mind Flayer mining operation!
Of course, my tribe DID put the slaves back to work in the mines, some of them members of another
clan AND my little brother and sister! So I took it upon myself to free the slaves and dispose of
the slave network."

	"So, how did you keep you clan from hunting you down?" ask Kanna in the character of the
Solar Priestess Ariel.

	"Ijuin, Tash smirks and says 'You'd be amazaed at how fast the combitation of Greek Fire
and Drow Feywine burns. The Clan stood not a chance. Sucks to flash-fry alive in your sleep.'"

	"You murdered the entire clan?!!" The paladin player asked, rather disgusted

	"HEY" snapped back Ryoko's player proxy "You should be thanking me for removing TWO groups
of evil and base slavers from the face of the EARTH!!!!!" She was ready to go to blows over the
game

	The room stood silent for a few moments when into the door way, Uzuki appeared with her
Magical Girl RPG Tarot deck in hand. She then said "You know, technically, you didn't remove
anybody from the face of the Earth. The Drow and the Mind Flayers are Underworld races, so you
actually removed them from the sub-dermal layer of the Earth. Just thought I'd point that out.
By the way, does anyone have my new Hot Pink, Electric Blue, Dayglow Orange, Marimo Green, Yellow
Taxi, and Black Leather 8-siders I got just for the Magical Recall game?"

	Mina produced a dice tube from the bag they had from shopping earlier that day.

	"Here ya go, Uzuki!" said Mina as she tossed the tube to her sis.

	"Thank you!" Uzuki then caught her dice and headed back upstairs. The room once again
stood silent for a few seconds before it burst into riotess laughter. 

	"Okay! Okay!" Satsuki tried to say without laughing "I guess you're hired, Tashara!"

LATER STILL...

	"I don't see why I CAN'T!" Yayoi said rather indignantly

	"Well," Ijuin tried to explain "Well, for one, heroes don't go around raping the people
of a village they just pillaged, and second, it's a guy, and three, IT'S IEYASU!!!!!!!"

	"Molly," Yayoi beamed "Toss me my Elixir of Via Gra! Monkey-Boy here needs our lovin'!"

	"Tashara's next!"

	"Aquila Afterwards!"

	(Author's note: Due to the fact that I don't want this fic to wind up in the lemons, I
will just skip ahead to the scene immeadiately following Ieyasu's "shame")

	"Sulia will tend to Ieyasu and make sure he's okay. I'll take him to the sickbay and 
lock the door to make sure the wild women can't get in." Aeka said

	Tenchi breathed a sigh of relief "Thanks, Aeka."

	"You're welcome... funny thing about locking a door. While it keeps people from getting
in, it can also keep people from getting out. Oh-hohohoho! Ijuin, Sulia will strip her robe and
teach Ieyasu what REAL sexual intercourse is like. I KNEW taking that proficiency in Karma Sutra
would come in handy! And my psionic abilities will REALLY make this interesting!"

	"Damn, Aeka! You are awesome at this! Another 100 extra ep!" Ijuin replied

	"Well," Yayoi snickered "Looks like there's only one virgin left in the group."

	"Yeah," added Ryoko "Poor Molly."

	"Not me!" Mina said in Molly's voice "I've waxed my fair share of John Thomases. I am an
adult after all! The kiddie thing is just an act."

	"Uh... Ariel?"

	"Not quite" explained Kanna "Ariel had a torrid love afair with a priest of the Lunar
God. It's all apart of being a priestess of the Sun Goddess."

	"Then who?" asked Washu

	"Erin the White over there!" said Skatha's Player "She's as pure as the driven snow!"

	Satsuki fumed "HEY!!! She's just waiting for the right Silver Dragon in human form to
come along and sweep her off her feet!"

EVEN LATER...

	"TIE 'ER TO THE YARDARM, MR. CHRISTIAN!!!! ARRRRR!!! WE'LL LEARN THEM TO MUTINY!"

	"Uh, Yayoi, this isn't another ship we're boarding. It's a resteraunt SHAPED like a ship.
There's a few 'Theme' eateries in the city. Try to act a little more civilized."

	Yayoi then replied to Tenchi "But your big city ways are strange and frightening to Skatha
due to her babarian up bringing!"

	Tenchi looked at her a few seconds, then said "BUT YOU SAID YOU'VE BEEN PLAYING SKATHA 
SINCE YOU WERE TWELVE! AND THAT STEAM CARRIDGE TRAIN DIDN'T SEEM TO PHASE YOU ONE BIT!!!!"

	"But this is the first time Skatha's been in a ship shaped resteraunt!"

	"Cut the crap, Yayoi!" Kanna finally said. "We OWN this place. That's why Xiio** is the
one running the place now! Now untie that mutineer... err, waitress and take a seat!"

	Mina snickered "Tee-hee! Kanna said 'crap'"

	"Wow" said Yayoi "That's one obsenity, Kanna. Only three more to go this year. If it means
enough to you to up one of your words, I'll let her go."

	"Well," Ijuin said "this is a good of place as any to stop for the night."

	After the customary ep, gp, and item divying, the members left one by one until it was
just Kanna and Ijuin.

	"So," asked Kanna as she put her arms around Ijuin's shoulders "What do you think of the
new guys?"

	"Sulia I LOVE! Aeka may have to potential to become a good as you. Maybe you should take
her under your angelic wings." he smiled

	"What about Ryoko and Washu?"

	"They are already firmly under Yayoi's and Mina's Succubus and Imp wings. As for Tenchi,
I never thought I'd ever see a player more passive than Satsuki! That is the FIRST time I've ever
seen a PC, male or female, get raped without a fight! And it happened 6 TIMES!!!! Even Molly got
him after she picked the lock on the door. It's almost as if he wanted... why that sneaky little
bastard! He suckered them ALL! Oh, he's gonna love what I'm gonna give him next week!"

	At that moment, Ijuin's cel phone rang.

	"Hello?" answered Ijuin. "Kanna, it's another DM wanting to talk shop. I'll be up in 
about 10 minutes and we'll go get some dinner."

	"Okay, see you then." Kanna said, kissing him before she departed.

	Ijuin went back to his phone "What did Ranma do this time, Nabiki?.... Ah-ha. Yeah...
that IS pretty boneheaded... How about giving him a Girdle of Gender Removal? That'll settle his
hash!... Yeah, 7,000gp sounds like a fair price for a ruby cut to resemble a rose petal.."***

	*White River Bend: White River Bend was a small, lawless, corrupt resupply town for 
vessels located on an island in the huge White River. Ariel, Erin, Molly Troublefinder, Skatha, 
and Uzuki's character Xiio, a centauress bard, pulled their ship, the Woman Scorned, into during
an ocean voyage. They were at a bar when a ruffian sailor decided to make passes at Ariel. She
continually rejected his advances until he decided to take matters into his own hands and groped
her breast. Well, Skatha, full of booze and Braveheart's influence, decided she had had enough of
someone trying to take advantage of one of her friends and castrated him with Braveheart, cutting
off his legs in the proccess. The situation degenerated from there and by the time it was over,
there were 114 dead, 15 maimed for life, another 103 wounded, 53 pockets picked, one burning town,
three burning ships, and lots of experience points earned. Ijuin was forced to give up experience
points when Uzuki pointed out that since the fire that engulfed the town and did most of the
killing was a direct result of one of Ariel's fireballs, the group is entitled to the ep from all
of the dead NPC's, an example of Uzuki's loop-hole exploiting. Well, actually, he gave up the eps
because of what Kanna promised him later that night, an example of Kanna using an "outside the
game" favor for an inside the game benifit. ^u^

	**Xiio is a 14th female centauress bard once played by Uzuki Toreishi. Xiio was and still
is know for her rather... well, immodest style of dress. Rather than relying on armor, she used
rings and cloaks of protection. Many people (mostly prudish men and women) object to the fact 
that she basically went toppless everywhere, displaying her "bountiful rack" for all to see. She
currently runs the "Woman's Scorn Bar and Grill".

	***This is a reference to a fic by Little Masa-ohki were the Ranma gang is playing D&D as
well. Hopefully more authors will write these for other shows, then somewhere down the line we
can have an all-star Anime-RPG fic. ^u^