Disclaimer - I don't own Tenchi Muyo/Universe nor do I own Batman of the Future. They are 
owned by their respective companies. I am just using their characters for my story - I don't own 
the characters. Please don't sue me - I don't have any money!!

Episode 1 - Dream become reality!!

The day began as quickly as it had ended. The sun rose over the mountains and shone right 
through Tenchi's window. He was already awake but because of the heat and the fact that school 
was over till autumn, he decided not to stir.
Looking out of the window, he smiled. It seemed like a long time ago since his battle with Kagato 
- however, it had only been a number of months. He scratched his head as he tried to remember 
all the great memories before the fight - everything that he and the group did together. The 
laughter, the tears, he missed all of it - even the fights that often broke out between Ayeka and 
Ryoko. He giggled lightly as he thought about them and how often he was nearly broken in two by 
the pair - however, it was all over now.
Looking towards his clock, he realised that it was 7:15am. Pushing the covers off from him, he 
stood up and walked to the door. As he shut it behind himself, he looked at the little latch on his 
door - the security system that Ayeka had installed to prevent Ryoko from entering his room 
without knocking. That caused lots of laughs and giggles when both of them forgot to knock on 
his door and landed in the lake outside. Tenchi giggled as he remembered this and sighed. He 
wished that the old days would come back into existence. He wanted to hear all of the girls voices 
again. He wanted to hear from Ryoko, who he hadn't seen since the battle with Kagato. He hoped 
she was alright.
He slowly walked downstairs and picked up a towel and some soap. He ventured outside and 
slowly walked over to the lake. He was glad that Washu had left the onsen behind when she and 
the others had gone. Carefully, he placed one foot in a lake and was immediately transported to 
the onsen. He sighed as he looked around and saw how empty it was. He remembered how the 
place never used to be empty, how there was always someone in, no matter what time in the 
morning or evening it was.
Just as he was about to dive into the water, he heard a noise coming from above him. He turned 
his head towards the sky, just in time to see a bright light hurtling towards the planet. As the light 
got closer, the shape became more recognisable. However, it took some time before he actually 
realised who it was. It was Ryo-Ohki!
Ryo-Ohki landed a few feet away from where Tenchi now stood. He had quickly teleported 
himself out of the onsen to greet the pair that had just landed. He could not wait to see Ryoko 
again. He had...truth be told...missed her for the past few months. Although, at this point in time, 
he would never admit it.
Suddenly, the one person he had missed appeared no more than six inches away from his face. 
She took a couple of steps back when he blushed to let him calm down. "Ryoko! It's you, you're 
here! You're alright!!!" Ryoko smiled, glad that he was pleased to see her. "Well, hi to you too 
Tenchi!" she said, engulfing him in one big bear hug. Tenchi hugged her back.
Suddenly, another bright light flashed in the sky. "Oh, I forget to tell you, everyone else is here 
too!" Tenchi smiled. His dream had now become a reality, everyone was back at his house. The 
peaceful life that he had lead undisturbed for the past few months was about to become disrupted 
again. And the strange thing was - Tenchi didn't mind that at all.
As the second ship landed next to Ryo-Ohki, figures all flew out at once - Washu, Sasami, Ayeka, 
Kiyone, Mihoshi...they were all there. "Hello there Tenchi!" Sasami called out and rushed over to 
him. He bent down and gave her a little hug, glad to see her cute little face again. "I really truly 
did miss you all," Tenchi said smiling, "this place has been so boring without you here!"
"I missed you too Tenchi! I was really unhappy when you said that you were leaving Jurai but I 
guess you were right about us meeting each other again!" Sasami said. "Tenchi...I...I missed 
you," Ayeka said blushing. She walked over to Tenchi and gave him a quick hug. "Hey!" Ryoko 
called out, "what do you think you are doing to my man?" pulling Ayeka off Tenchi. "Your man? 
What do you mean Ryoko?" "Ayeka, it's obvoius that Tenchi likes me better than you. Why don't 
you just go back home - no-one asked you to come in the first place!" Sasami and Tenchi face-
faulted. "They're at it again Tenchi," Sasami sighed, starring at her sister. "And she's supposed to 
be more mature than me!"
Mihoshi and Kiyone decided that enough was enough. "Please Miss Ayeka, calm down!" Kiyone 
said, grabbing onto Ayeka's shoulders to stop her from hitting Ryoko. "I understand that you must 
be jealous Ayeka - sadly, you were no competition to me. I'm sorry that you'll never be a goddess 
like me but that is just the way things are I guess," Ryoko said, laughing. Ayeka pushed Kiyone 
away,"Ryoko, I believe that it is you who should be jealous. Tenchi and I are releated by noble-
blood. You are just a freeze-dried demon with saggy skin. Look at my beautiful complexion. I am 
refined and beautiful, two things that you will never be!" She cackled.
"You two are completely hopeless," Washu muttered, "The whole place is going to go up in 
flames."
Ayeka and Ryoko ignored Washu. Washu started to talk to Ryoko telepathically. (Ryoko, stop it. 
We've just got here, there is no need for this. I know you love Tenchi with all your heart but this is 
not what he needs right now, he wants to be pleased to see you again, he doesn't need this.) 
(Washu! Stop interrferring!) (Don't you want to do what is best for Tenchi?) (Sure I do, but I can't 
let Ayeka get away with all those things she said.) (What about all the things you said to her?) 
(Well...eh...) (Ryoko, just leave it, for now.) (OK) (Oh, and Ryoko?) (Yes?) (I was 
wondering...please call me mom, ok?) (Oh God!) With that, Ryoko disappeared. "Has she given 
up?" Ayeka said, cackling. "No, Ayeka. Not yet." Washu replied.

(one month later)

"I'm off to work in the fields now, see you later!" Tenchi called out. "Bye Tenchi," all the girls 
replied. All except Ryoko. "Where is Ryoko, where could she be? Oh, I bet she's flirting with 
Tenchi again, I can't stand the thought, I can't stand it!!!!!" Ayeka shouted, her face going red. 
"Calm down Ayeka," Sasami said to her sister.
Unknown to Ayeka, Ryoko wasn't actually anywhere near Tenchi. She had gone for a walk, tired 
of Ayeka's whining voice, talking about how she and Tenchi were perfect for each other. She had 
wanted to smack her face but decided it was best not to - not after what had happened many 
prevoius times before. She didn't fancy bringing the house down - literally. She laughed to herself 
as she floated along, "I bet this is the first time I've gone outside without Tenchi or the intention of 
finding him!" She reached the lake and stopped. Looking down at her reflection in the lake she 
thought about the time that she fell into the lake when she had tried to get into Tenchi's bedroom. 
She laughed as she remembered how Ayeka looked - like a drowned rat! She floated down to the 
ground and starred into the lake. "What are you going to do, Tenchi?"
Washu finally stopped tapping at her lap-top. "That should be it for today," she said, "my new 
dimension portal is complete! But...there's still something missing." Suddenly, Washu's two dolls, 
A and B, appeared on her shoulders. "Come on Washu, you can do it!" A said. "You're the 
greatest Washu!" B said. "True, true!" Washu said, smiling. "Now I remember, I must make it 
Mihoshi proof! If that girl touches this, something bad is bound to happen."
Meanwhile, Ayeka was sat down on the couch, trying to concentrate on the television. However, 
she kept looking towards the doors, as if expecting someone. "You want to know where Ryoko is, 
don't you Ayeka?" Sasami asked, watching her sister. Ayeka turned red, "Oh, I don't know what 
you mean Sasami." "Ayeka, if you want to know, just go and look for her." "Perhaps, I'll just go for 
a walk. See if Lord Tenchi would like anything to drink. He must be thristy doing all of that work in 
this heat." When Ayeka left, Sasami smiled and nodded.
"Well that's that finished!" Washu said as she opened the door and stepped out of her lab. "Little 
Washu, will you be joining us for dinner?" Sasami asked. "No thanks Sasami, I have to get back 
to work soon." And with that Washu walked back into the lab. Sasami shook her head and walked 
into the kitchen.
Ryoko opened her eyes and discovered she was laid by the lake. It took her a few moments to 
realise how she got there. She picked herself up, changed her mind and sat back down again, 
starring at the lake. She then heard a whistling coming from behind the trees. She knew that it 
could be only one person at this time, so late in the evening - Tenchi. He noticed her sat by the 
lake and walked over to her. "Hey Ryoko!" he called. She did not answer. "Huh?" Tenchi said as 
he sat down beside her. "Ryoko?" "It's so beautiful here," she said, almost in a whisper. "So many 
sites. I was lonely while I was on Ryo-Ohki, trying to dodge all kinds of people. With me helping 
you get to Planet Jurai, people no longer see me as a space pirate. Nagi has given up the chase 
as I have no bounty left on my head." She felt her neck and shuddered as she said this. "But, I 
miss all of that. I don't no why. Just the excitement of it all - like...like...like the world you and me 
once had." "Huh? Ryoko, I..." Tenchi said but Ryoko interrupted him. "Please Tenchi, it's alright. I 
know it wasn't real, that's why I decided to leave, remember? Come on, let's go back inside." She 
picked herself up and started walking back in the direction of the house. "Ryoko!" Tenchi called 
out. She turned around. "Never mind," he said.

This is my first attempt at fanfiction. Send any hate/love mail to 
Ryoko_and_Tenchi_4eva@hotmail.com

