The Neon Knight Sabers
(A NGE / Oh My Goddess! / Sailor Moon / Tenchi Muyo / Ranma 
One Half / Gunsmith Cats / El-Hazard / Bubblegum Crisis / 
kitchen sink Crossover)
By Ammadeau
Roy.Fokker@UNSpacy.org
http://Ammadeau.tripod.com/fanfiction.htm

***

	Ami glanced at her the other two sabers as she suited up.  
Neither of were acting differently, despite the fact that they were 
one short.  Mihoshi was just as carefree as ever, almost as if she 
didn't realize that she was about to go out and risk her life.  Rei 
was cold and methodical, perhaps even more so than usual.
	Ami was practically shaking as she suited up.  The incident 
at Aqua City had gotten to her more than she cared to admit.  Sure, 
she had faced beings that could destroy the world in her time as a 
senshi, but none were quite as frightening as that... bug thing.  
Well, there was the last enemy they had faced, the one they had to 
give up their powers to imprison, but even then she had faith that 
somehow Sailor Moon would win.  There was no magic to count 
on this time, only their skill and their suits.
	It wasn't like Ami lacked faith in Rei and Mihoshi, though 
the latter often worried her, it was just that Ranko was their best 
fighter and they were going to face something that could be even 
worse than that boomer at Aqua City without her.
	The sudden clank of Mihoshi tripping over in her hardsuit 
as she tried to get into the truck snapped Ami out of her thoughts.
	"I've got a real bad feeling about this," Ami muttered to 
herself as she helped Mihoshi aboard.

Program 4: The Super Bug-Boomer

	"Let me make this clear from the start that I'm only doing 
this because my sister asked me to," Skuld told Keiichi from the 
passenger seat as they started up the truck.  She was frowning, with 
her arms crossed.  "And if you touch me just once with those ecchi 
hands of yours, I will not be responsible for the consequences."
	"Why do you keeping thinking that of me, I already 
explained about --"
	"Your name and the bath, I know," Skuld interrupted 
shortly.
	"Then why do you keep insisting that I'm some kind of 
pervert?" Keiichi asked in exasperation.
	"What other kind of guy would force my sister to be his 
girlfriend?"
	Keiichi turned his head back to the road and didn't reply.  
What could he say?  The past couple of days had been the best in 
his life, but he couldn't deny what Skuld had said.  It would be 
different if he had asked Belldandy to be his girlfriend, though he 
doubted that even if he could get up the courage, a goddess like her 
would willingly agree to spend her time with him.  But instead he 
wished for her to be made his girlfriend, never giving her a choice 
in the matter.
	Keiichi shook his head when he realized that he had let his 
attention slip so badly that they had nearly swerved off the road.  
He had to help his big sister now.  There would be time to think 
about it later.

	Ifurita sat patiently by the young girl's bedside after the 
doctors had finished patching her up.  She had already learned a 
number of things about the redhead who had saved Alielle's life.
	The ID in her wallet had identified her as Ranko Tenno.  
She apparently had a rare medical condition that made hot water 
hazardous to her health, which had been printed clearly on the 
medical card she carried.  One of the interns had recognized her as 
the lead singer of a band called 'Ranko and the Replicants.'  The 
two doctors who had overseen her treatment had been much more 
talkative about the girl's previous injuries, some of which looked to 
be only a day or so old.  It was clear to them that this girl must 
have a long history of fighting, beginning when she was quite 
young.  Her body was almost covered with small scars.
	None of this explained how the girl could throw punches so 
fast that her hands nearly became a blur for even Ifurita's eyes, nor 
did it answer how she had been able to glow green.  Humans, in the 
demon god's experience, never possess that sort of power unaided.
	Ranko had yet to wake up, but the doctors were unworried.  
The patient's condition was stable, though she was suffering from 
extreme exhaustion.  They even suggested that Ifurita come back in 
the morning, since it was unlikely that the redhead would wake 
until then.  Ifurita waited anyway, having no need to sleep.
	Ifurita continued to study the girl as she slept on.  The 
comparison to Shayla-Shayla seemed to go deeper than just red 
hair.  This was another girl who was very active when awake, 
always on the move doing something, acting out in some way, 
things always had to be big, fast, but when asleep, her face relaxed, 
and she was as quiet and peaceful as a child.
	"Do I miss her?" Ifurita asked herself with a little surprise, 
thinking of the fire priestess which she had not seen in ten years.  
She had known her only briefly, and mostly as an enemy, but 
Makoto, Alielle, and Miz had mentioned her often, that the demon 
god felt some vague feeling for never having really known her.  
"Perhaps I do."
	"You do what, Ifurita?" Makoto asked as he walked 
through the door, Alielle a step behind him.
	"Nothing," her wife told him, shaking her head.  "Why did 
you bring her here?  She's still in danger."
	"She insisted on coming.  She actually threatened to have 
me arrested if I tried to stop her.  We came here in disguise and 
were pretty careful about our route, so were okay."
	Alielle had heard none of this, as she had rushed right over 
to Ranko's side as soon as she had seen her.  She hovered over her 
like a worried mother, doting on every sign of injury as if the pain 
were partly her own.  She also reached out a few times to touch, 
and would pull away just before making contact, her face flushed.
	Even with her injuries, Ranko was breath-takingly beautiful 
to Alielle, and what was more, she had saved her life.  Alielle 
would have to find a way to pay her back somehow, pay her back 
in full.
	"Besides, we've got a bigger problem than Alielle's safety 
right now.  Alielle got word that Genom is assembling a super 
bugrom-based boomer in a secret lab.  If Jinnai is allowed to finish 
it..."
	"I know," Ifurita said, seeing the concern on her husband's 
face.  "But I can't just leave the two of you here unprotected."
	Makoto smiled reassuringly.  "We'll be fine.  I doubt even 
Jinnai would be bold enough to try something in the middle of a 
hospital.  Besides, all his concentration will be on finishing his 
latest creation.  You have to stop him, Ifurita, or everyone will be 
in danger."
	Ifurita nodded. "You are right as always, Makoto."  She 
reached out to caress his face, and smile forming on her lips as he 
began to blush.
	"I'll protect Makoto," Ura piped up.  "I won't fail this time."
	Ifurita looked down at the cat with a grateful smile.  "Thank 
you, Ura."  She glanced back at Makoto once more, an 
understanding passing between them that needed no words to 
communicate.  Then she was gone.
	Makoto sighed, and was surprised when a hand landed on 
his shoulder.  He looked up into the unusually-serious eyes of 
Alielle.
	"She'll be all right.  That jerk Jinnai hasn't cooked up 
something yet that she hasn't been able to handle.  Besides, I think 
this time she's going to have help."
	"Who, the AD Police?"
	"Nope, someone much, much better," Alielle told him with 
a smile.  "The Knight Sabers."
	Neither noticed as Ranko groaned and turned in her sleep.

	Despite the precautions they had taken, the Knight Sabers 
found that company awaited them at the entrance to Genom's secret 
lab.  A small army of boomers, lead by a few bug-boomers that 
towered above them, guarded the entrance.  Tapping into a feed 
from a spy satellite, Ami could see that all other ways into the 
facility were similarly guarded.  Besides, there wasn't time to use 
any alternate entrance. They had no way on knowing how close 
Genom was to completing the super-boomer.
	"What's the plan, Rei?" she asked her leader.
	Rei thought for a few moments, studying the image of the 
boomers on the screen.  "We'll rush at them in our motoriods and 
try to take as many as we can by surprise.  Mihoshi and myself will 
keep the rest busy while you go past them and do what you can to 
stop or delay the completion of the super-boomer prototype."
	Ami nodded, and did her best not to frown.  She knew that 
Rei had only chosen her as the one to go on because she was the 
weakest fighter of the group.  She could find no fault in her leader's 
plan, however.
	Luckily, the boomers were taken by surprise.  Rei and Ami 
both managed to destroy a few before they had the chance to react.  
Mihoshi even managed to take out one of the bug-boomers by 
somehow throwing her motoriod over her shoulder, sheer weight of 
it knocking the head of the bug-boomer right off of its shoulders.
	The confusion that that incident caused among the boomers 
was all the distraction Ami needed.  She flew right past them in her 
motoroid, hoping that Rei and Mihoshi would be able to keep those 
boomers from following her, and that no other boomers awaited 
her inside.

	Jinnai sipped at his wine and smiled.  His greatest creation, 
the super bug-boomer, stood before him, hulking and menacing.  It 
was nearly complete now, the technicians only had to finish adding 
the little black box and do the final adjustments.
	There was only one thought that caused him to frown 
slightly.  Panta had yet to report in.  It was unlike her to go this 
long without some kind a report.  No matter, even if Alielle had 
some clue as to what he was up to, it was already too late.
	Jinnai was even more annoyed when a loud beeping began 
to sound, along with the much flashing of red lights.  "What is 
going on?" he demanded.
	"Sir, someone seems to have broken into the laboratory 
complex," on of the techs told him nervously.
	"I have boomers guarding every possible entrance, how 
could this be?  Bring the security feeds up on this monitor."
	The tech did as he was told, flipping past images of groups 
of boomers standing at attention, until he stopped at one where 
what was left of that boomer force were currently battling with two 
armored women.
	"The Knight Sabers," Jinnai said through gritted teeth, "but 
they're a bit too late to interfere with my plans.  In fact, they should 
prove an interesting test for my new boomer.  Wait, they're four of 
them.  Punch up the interior feeds!"
	The tech did as he was told, stopping at the image of 
another armored woman flying down the halls, heading straight in 
my direction.  He flipped through all the other cameras, but there 
was no sign of a fourth Knight Saber.
	Jinnai ordered half of his personal guard of bug-boomers to 
guard the not yet finished super boomer with their lives, while he 
sent the other half after the intruder.
	"Why not pull some of the boomers off the entrances that 
aren't being attacked?" one of the techs suggestion.
	"No," Jinnai replied after a moment of thought.  "A fourth 
Knight Saber is still out there somewhere.  Besides, they should be 
more than enough to delay these pests until my creation is 
complete."

	Rei glanced around.  Her and Mihoshi were almost done 
there.  Only a few of the bug-boomers remained, but they were 
running out of time.  She got the feeling that the super boomer was 
very close to completion now.
	"Mihoshi, go and assist Ami.  I'll hold the rest of them off."
	Saber-Black nodded and moved to enter the lab complex, 
only to have one of the bug-boomers blocking her path.  Mihoshi 
couldn't stop her motoriod in time and slammed right into the bug-
boomer, picking it up along for the ride.  The change in weight sent 
her motoroid completely out of control, ending with them 
slamming forcefully into a wall.
	Mihoshi managed to pry herself out of the resulting tangled 
mess.  The bug-boomer had been destroyed in the crash, but her 
motoriod was now a total wreck.  Her hardsuit seemed undamaged 
though.  With a shrug, she flew down the hall after Ami.

	Ami was having problems of her own.  She had hacked into 
Genom's computer network and snatched detailed schematics for 
the lab, using them to lead her to the main lab where she guessed 
the super boomer was being built.  She was only meters away from 
her goal, when the path was blocked by three bug-boomers.
	They would have towered over her if she had just been in 
her harsuit.  The motoriod made up for some difference in height, 
but they were still impressively large, constructed of bulbous armor 
with disproportionately small arms and legs.
	Ami snapped off a shot at one with her motoroid's cannon, 
aiming for the chest, and hoping to take at least one out before they 
started their attack.  She was surprised when the bug-boomer 
dodged the shot completely.  They were big, but also fast.  Ami 
gritted her teeth and closed in on them, so they wouldn't have the 
room to dodge.  This was not going to be easy.

	Ranko felt as if she was pulling herself out of a warm, dark 
sea.  Light stabbed at her eyes as her eyelids fluttered open.  
"Wha?" she managed to slur out.
	"Oh, you're finally awake!" enthused a vaguely purple blur 
to her right.
	Ranko winced at the tone.  Her head hurt like she's been 
using it to practice the breaking point with.  Mouth dry, tongue felt 
bloated.  That was all she could feel though; the rest of her body 
was numb, like it was still asleep.
	"Not so loud, Alielle," another, more brownish blur, said in 
a softer, though still painful, tone.
	"Sorry," the other blur muttered.
	"I'll get a doctor.  You stay and watch over her," the brown 
blur said and left what was now assuming was a hospital room.
	Her vision began to clear up a bit, though the light was still 
painfully bright.  White walls of a hospital room stared back at her, 
along with a purple-haired woman that sat quite close on her right.  
Close enough that Ranko could tell that this wasn't Shampoo, 
though her vision was still somewhat blurry.
	The next moment, everything clicked together for Ranko.  
This was the woman who she had saved from that psycho blonde 
boomer that had attacked her.  It had been that same boomer that 
had given Ranko the injuries that put her into the hospital, though 
she assumed that the Shi Shi Hadoken had taken care of the 
boomer, or neither her or the purple-haired woman would have 
been left alive.
	"Are you all right?" the woman asked very tentatively.
	Ranko thought this was a very silly question under the 
circumstances.  Would she be lying all bandaged up on a hospital 
bed if she were all right?  Still, Ranko understood what the woman 
had meant.  Not really able to say anything coherent yet, she 
nodded her head.
	The woman smiled and seemed to lose some, though not 
all, of her previous nervousness.  "I'm glad."
	Ranko's eyes went a little wide when the woman slowly 
slipped her hand into hers, but unable to move her body at all, there 
was little she could do about it.  Alielle was too busy faintly 
blushing and looking down with some embarrassment to notice 
Ranko's reaction.
	"Can I get you anything?" Alielle suddenly asked after 
recovering from her act, though her hand still gripped Ranko's 
loosely.  "Water?  Food?  Do you need to use the bathroom?"
	*What I want is for you to let go of my hand,* Ranko 
thought in irritation.  *What if someone walked in and saw that?*  
But all she could manage to do was shake her head.
	They sat in silence for a while.  Ranko decided to close her 
eyes so the light wouldn't hurt quite so much.  Besides, it made it 
much easier to ignore that this strange woman was still holding her 
hand.
	"Thank you," Alielle said after a time, her voice serious. 
"Thank you for saving my life."
	Ranko tried to gesture that it was no big deal, though it was 
hard when she could only move her head.
	Whether she understood the gesture or not, Alielle 
continued on.  "I never would have dreamed that I'd be rescued by 
such a beautiful girl."
	Ranko's eyes snapped open and she stared at the woman 
next to her with something akin to horror.  The woman stared back 
with a sort of hungry look not unlike looks Shampoo had given 
from time to time, a very intent look.  If Ranko could have moved 
at that moment, she would have run out of that hospital room so 
fast that the chestnut fist would seem slow by comparison.
	Ranko was a bit panicked when other people entered the 
room, though relaxed when he saw that the woman had finally 
taken her hand away from hers.  The people didn't look like they 
had seen anything funny going on.
	A man had entered the room, which Ranko guessed was the 
one from before, followed by a male doctor and a female one.  The 
doctors immediately rushed over to her to carefully check over her 
injuries.  Ranko wasn't exactly happy with them poking and 
prodding her, especially close to certain areas.  She especially 
didn't like the purple-haired woman's stare as certain areas were 
uncovered.  By the time their examination was finished, Ranko's 
face was flushed in embarrassment.
	"Well, miss," the male doctor told her.  "You're in 
astonishingly good health, considering the circumstances.  I've 
never seen anyone with the ability to heal as quickly as you do."
	"It could be that a lifetime of injury has built up her 
resistance to them.  It's like her body is so used to getting damaged, 
that at the first sign of it, it slips into a sort of overdrive."
	The two doctors wandered away from Ranko and began to 
discuss the finer points of her accelerated healing, most of which 
went right over the heads of the others present.
	"I'm glad to see that you're okay," Makoto said to Ranko.
	"Thanks," Ranko managed to croak out, noticing that some 
feeling was gradually returning to the rest of her body.  "But who 
are you?"
	Makoto laughed a bit nervously.  "My name is Makoto.  I'm 
a friend of Alielle's.  I saw the fight, and wished I had done 
something so you wouldn't have ended up this hurt."
	Ranko looked him over and shook her head.  "You're not a 
martial artist, are you?  Nothing you could have done, unless you 
were carrying some really big gun with you or something."
	Makoto shook his head, though it didn't do much to ease his 
conscience.  He might not have been able to do much, but he'd 
been with someone who could have.  If he'd been a little more 
persuasive with Ifurita, perhaps Ranko wouldn't be in the hospital 
right now.  He still didn't understand why she hadn't done anything.
	Ranko picked up on his guilt.  "Don't worry about this.  I've 
had worse.  Even been in a full-body cast a few times."
	"But you still got these injuries because of me," Alielle 
practically purred.  "I simply must make it up to you."
	Ranko blinked and swallowed nervously.  Alielle had was 
practically sitting on the bed now, leaning over so Ranko could 
have a clear view of her cleavage, which the dress she wore 
seemed made to show off.
	"No, no, you don't have to do anything," Ranko replied 
nervously.  "It's the duty of a martial artist to help those in need."
	"Oh, but I must!" Alielle insisted in a sultry voice, 
bouncing suddenly, giving her assets a good shake.  "I must find 
some way to... reward you for what you've done for me."
	"Now that you're awake," Makoto interrupted, as much for 
his own sake as Ranko's, "is there anyone you need to call?  You've 
been unconscious for hours now."
	"Yeah, that's right!" Ranko practically shouted, grabbing 
any chance to stop this strange woman.
	Makoto handed Ranko a phone, while Alielle crossed her 
arms and pouted.  *Everything was going so well,*  she thought.  
*I had her right where I wanted her.  Why did he have to butt in?*

	Mihoshi wasn't very good with directions, even with 
Keiichi telling her which way to go.  She was easily confused by 
all the twisting passageways, especially at the speed in which she 
flew through them.  She also had an annoying tendency, at least for 
Keiichi, to confuse left from right, or not pay attention to what he 
was saying.
	"No, I said right, right!" Keiichi shouted at her, following 
her progress on the map on his screen. "Great, now you have to go 
back again.  Why can't you get a single direction right?"
	Normally, he wasn't the sort of person to complain, but he 
had a lot on his mind now, and Mihoshi seemed to be acting even 
more like an air-head than usual.
	"I'm trying my best," Mihoshi simpered.
	"Keiichi just likes to boss women around," Skuld said 
suddenly, practically shoving Keiichi out of the way.  "I'll guide 
you from now on, Mihoshi."
	"Ah, thanks," Mihoshi replied, having no idea what was 
going on.

	With Skuld guiding her on with growing irritation, Mihoshi 
finally caught up with Ami, who was a little too busy at the 
moment fighting two bug-boomers at once to notice her arrival.  
Her motoriod lay beside her, a twisted heap of metal, but near it 
was also the remains of one of the bug-boomers.
	She obviously hadn't been idle with the others.  They were 
covered with small scars of damage, but they still attacked her 
relentlessly.  Ami was, however, in even worse shape.  There were 
deep gouges criss-crossing the chest of her armor, her jetback was 
smashed, and she was favoring her right leg.
	One of the bug-boomers tried to drive it's fist through her 
back while she was busy with the other, only to have its hand 
suddenly caught in a vice-like grip.  It was knocked off balance 
when monofiliment whips sliced off that arm, and so wasn't at all 
prepared for the powered kick that struck its mid-section a moment 
later, knocking it into the wall, hard.
	Ami blinked in surprise as the normally-clumsy Mihoshi 
seemed to...  flow.  She could find no other word for it.  Saber-
Black was moving like water, striking again and again, like the tide 
breaking on the shore, never giving the bug-boomer the chance to 
fight back.  It wasn't long before the two remaining bug-boomers 
ceased to function.
	"Wow, Mihoshi," Ami said to her in a voice bordering on 
awe.  "That was incredible."
	"Wasn't it?" Mihoshi replied cheerfuly as she hopped over 
to Ami, and then tripped on the remains of the motoriod.
	Ami groaned.  And she thought Rei was difficult to figure 
out.

	"Ayanami residence, Belldandy speaking," Ranko heard 
after a few rings.
	Ranko was a little surprised that Rei or Keiichi hadn't 
answered the phone.  Had the goddess taken over every duty of 
their household?  "Belldandy," she said somewhat hesitantly, "It's 
Ranko."
	"Ranko-san!" the goddess nearly shouted.  "Where have 
you been?  Everyone was worried."
	"Yeah, I'm sorry about that," Ranko told her, embarrassed.  
"I sort of had a run-in with a boomer and ended up in the hospital, 
but I'm fine now.  Can I talk to Rei?"
	"I'm afraid Rei-san isn't here at the moment.  She and the 
others had some... business to attend to."
	Ranko muttered a few unladylike curses under her breath as 
what Belldandy had said sunk in.  The other Knight Sabers had to 
go off without her because she was too busy picking fights with 
random boomers in back alleys.  Okay, so she ended up doing a 
good deed and saved a stranger's life, but now her friends were at 
risk.  She also couldn't help thinking that if she had been a little 
more attentive and careful, she could have dealt with the boomer 
without having to wind up in the hospital.
	"All right," Ranko said finally.  "Just tell them that I'm 
okay.  Don't mention that I'm in the hospital or anything.  They 
probably have enough to worry about now."
	"I'll do that."
	Ranko exchanged good-byes with Belldandy and hung up 
the phone with a sigh.  She tried to sit up, but her body was still 
mostly numb and she flopped back down on the bed.  This 
immediately brought the attention of the doctors back to her.
	"No, miss, you musn't get up," one said.
	"Yes," the other agreed.  "You may heal remarkably fast, 
but you'll still need to stay overnight at least.  In fact, you should 
probably try and get some rest right now."
	Ranko didn't see how she'd be able to rest knowing that her 
friends were out there risking their lives at that very moment, but 
still there wasn't much she could do about that in her condition.  
Besides, that meant that that woman 'Alielle' would have to leave 
her alone.
	"I guess you're right," Ranko told the doctors as she made 
herself comfortable again.
	The doctors nodded and gently hustled Makoto and Alielle 
out of the room.  The latter shouted back just before she left, "I'll 
see you again first thing in the morning, Ranko!"
	Ranko groaned and desperately tried to think of a way to 
leave the hospital before morning came.

	"Keiichi?" Belldandy asked on the Knight Saber channel.
	"Belldandy?" Keiichi asked, surprised that she was calling.  
"Is there a problem?  Are you all right?"
	"I'm fine, Keiichi.  I just wanted you to tell the others that I 
just got a call from Ranko.  She's fine, but... she can't leave where 
she is at the moment."
	Now Keiichi was confused.  "Where is she then?"
	Belldandy was silent for a few moments.  Ranko had told 
her not to mention the hospital, but as a goddess she couldn't lie.  
"She's in a place for sick people.  She's okay, but the doctors are 
making her stay overnight."
	"A hospital?"
	"Yes," Belldandy replied, feeling a bit guilty in getting 
around her promise that way.  "Can you please tell the others?  
Ranko asked me to, but she doesn't want them to worry."
	They said their good-byes and Keiichi relayed the message 
to the rest of the Knight Sabers.

	Mihoshi managed to carry Ami as they flew throught the 
lab complex.  It was a strain on her jetpack, but quicker than 
walking.  Besides, with Ami practically pulling Mihoshi in the 
right direction, they made fewer wrong turns.  It wasn't long before 
they had reached the enterance to the main lab.
	Three more bug-boomers stood before the towering steel 
doors.  They made no move to attack, but it was obvious that they 
weren't going to let anyone by without a fight.
	Ami let go of Mihoshi and stood shakily on her own.  She 
knew that she was in not condition to fight.  The melee with those 
other three bug-boomers had taken just about everything she had.  
Standing was hard enough with the way her body ached.  Besides, 
her suit couldn't stand much more damage.
	Still, they had to stop them from finishing the super 
boomer, and she couldn't let Mihoshi face these monsters alone.
	"Okay, here's the plan," Ami said after taking a few deep 
breaths.  "Mihoshi, you come up with a distraction that will draw 
them away from the door.  While you keep them occupied, I'll go 
on and destroy the super boomer."
	"Distraction?" Mihoshi asked, scratching her helmet with 
her gauntleted hand.  "What should I do, Ami?"
	Ami thought for a moment, looking all around her, until her 
eyes settled on a stack of shipping crates they were standing next 
to.  "Just throw those boxes at them until they start to attack you.  
Now you don't need to fight them, just keep them busy.  There's no 
reason to get youself hurt."
	Mihoshi nodded seriously.

	The bug-boomers had been ordered to block the doors and 
let no one pass them.  They were generally quite good at following 
simple orders like this, so when they saw the two Knight Sabers 
enter the loading area before them, they made no move to attack or 
otherwise leave their post.  They only kept their eyes on the 
hardsuits, expecting an attack at any moment.
	What they did not expect was a packing crate to fly through 
the air to smash against one of their heads.  The cheap crates did no 
damage to their armored exterior, but they were annoying, 
especially when a dozen more followed in rapid succession.
	"Can't get me stupid bugs!" Mihoshi taunted them as she 
heaved boxes in their direction.  "Nya, nya!"
	Bug-boomers are machines, but machines quite capable of 
getting angry.  One had already reached it's boiling point and 
started to make its way to the offensive Knight Saber when the 
hand of one of his fellows landed on its shoulder.  They proceeded 
to talk out a course of action, trying to ignore the crates that 
continuously struck them.
	All the while, Ami clung to the shadows and waited, 
getting more impatient with each minute that passed, knowing that 
Genom was growing closer and closer to its goal.

	Mihoshi was happy when the bug-boomers finally started 
paying attention, but was dissapointed when only one slowly made 
its way to her, leaving the two others to still block the door.
	"Help me, Skuld, Keiichi," she radioed back to the truck as 
she continued to throw boxes at the two bug-boomers still blocking 
the door way, yet who now seemed perfectly content to ignore her.
	"Calm down, Mihoshi," Keiichi told her in his most level 
voice.  "Just give me a minute to think of something."
	Then he turned to his passanger and asked, "Skuld, do you 
have any ideas?"
	Skuld crossed her arms, her face creased in thought.  "Well, 
I could easily build something to help her if we had the parts and 
time, but we just don't.  If only Rei wasn't stuck still dealing with 
those boomers at the door, she could go help them."
	Keiichi blinked in surprise.  "That's it, Skuld!" he shouted 
as he started up the truck again.
	"What's it?" the goddess of the future asked him.  "What 
are you doing?"
	He favored her with a confedent grin.  "Hold on tight.  
We're going to help Rei."
	"How?"
	Keiichi didn't respond, instread he stompted on the 
accelerator, causing the truck to shudder as it quickly sped up.
	Skuld's eyes widened as the realization hit.  "You don't 
mean?"
	"If you have a better idea, I'd like to hear it," Keiichi told 
her.  "Because we're almost out of time."
	Skuld opened her mouth, but then stared at Keiichi looking 
straight ahead, a determined look in his eyes.  She closed her 
mouth and said seriously, "Let's do this."

	Rei couldn't believe how persistant these boomers were 
being.  They attacked relentlessly, sometimes even getting in each 
other's way to attack her.  She had already sacrifced her motoriod 
in an atempt to escape them, destorying several, but they had been 
quick enough to catch up with her.  After their initial surpirse, they 
were ready for anything.
	"Big sis!" Keiichi suddenly shouted over the 
communicator.  "We're coming to bail you out, so get ready to grab 
on!"
	Rei spun around in surprise, and then had to move quickly 
to duck a punch from a bug-boomer.  "What are you talking about 
Keiichi?"
	And then she heard it.  The heavy hum of a fast-moving 
truck headed directly for her.  "This is much too dangerous.  You 
must turn back now."
	Keiichi shook his head, even though he knew she couldn't 
see it.  "We don't have time to discuss this, sis.  The others are in 
trouble and you've got to go help them now.  Besides, I have a 
goddess riding shotgun.  Nothing is going to go wrong.  Right, 
Skuld?"
	Skuld looked up at Keiichi's smile and nodded 
immediately, remembering someone else's smile from earlier that 
night.  "Right!" she declared confedently, while thinking, *I will 
watch out for him, big sister.  Just like I promised.*

	Rei had no choice.  She had to put her confedence in that 
the goddess could protect them both because she knew by his tone 
of voice that there was no way her brother was going to back down 
from this.  He was like Shinji that way; most of the time he was 
easy-going, but when he was determined to do something nothing 
could shake his resolve.
	"Now!" Keiichi shouted.
	Rei leapt up in the air just as the speeding truck bore down 
upon them, landing on the roof.  The boomers hadn't been that 
lucky.  The majority of them were either smashed or run over.  The 
few that remained were too bewildered to follow.

	The bug-boomer had thought itself more than enough to 
deal with one Knight Saber, but it had yet to encounter the 
incredible power of Mihoshi.  She pivoted as it charged, leaving 
one foot out for it to conviently trip over and fly head-first into the 
pile of remaining boxes.
	Mihoshi did not use this oppertunity to attack.  She had 
been first told by Ami to keep the boomer occupied and not get 
drawn into any fights.  Keiichi had told her that help was on the 
way and she should just keep the bug-boomer busy.  So that's 
exactly what she did.
	"Nya, nya, you can't get me, ugly bug!" she shouted.
	The bug-boomer burst out of the pile, seething in anger, and 
charged after her again.  Mihoshi ran and ran.  The bug-boomer 
was just about to catch her, it even lunged out to grab her, when 
Mihoshi suddenly ducked and it went head first into a steel wall.
	Hearing the other two bug-boomers muttering loudly, 
Mihoshi turned to them and waved.  She was dissapointed when 
they decided to stay at their posts, however.

	Mihoshi was getting tired of the chase, and she was also 
running out of room to run.  The bug-boomer had figured her out 
somewhat and was now able to anticipate her actions.  She tripped 
again, and then looked up to see the bug-boomer standing over her, 
ready to bring it's fist down...
	And then suddenly it was gone.  Mihoshi blinked in 
surprise to see a large truck now standing where the bug-boomer 
had just been.  She still hadn't gotten over her shock when Rei 
leapt down from the top of the truck and helped her to her feet.
	"Rei!" Ami shouted in relief, emerging from her nearby 
hiding place.  She had been readying herself to come to Mihoshi's 
rescue, even if it meant getting more hurt herself, when the truck 
had come barreling along.
	Rei carefully looked Ami over.  "Wait in the truck," she 
told her.  "Your suit is in no condition to fight in.  Have Keiichi 
help you treat your injuries."
	"But..."
	"That was not a suggestion."
	Ami bowed her head.  "Yes, Rei," she said, boarding the 
truck.  She knew that it was probably suicide for the two of them to 
go against the super boomer alone, but she had to admit that there 
wasn't much she could do in a fight at the moment, other than be a 
liability.
	Rei glanced at the two bug-boomers who still blocked the 
doors to the lab, then turned to face Mihoshi.  "You take the one on 
the left, I'll take the one on the right."
	Mihoshi nodded.
	But before either of them could do anything, a mocking 
voice suddenly rang out from the speakers mounted in the room.  
"Ah, the infamous Knight Sabers.  So I finally meet my new 
nemesis in person.  I must say it was very impressive the way you 
handled my bug-boomers tonight.  I will have to save the security 
tapes as a memorial to you efforts in helping me perfect my 
creation."
	"Who are you?" Rei asked.
	"My name isn't important, though I will soon be known to 
Mega-Tokyo, and from then the world, as Lord Jinnai, ruler over 
all I survey.  Unfortunately, you won't live to see it as I have 
decided to let you be the test run for my ultimate creation, the 
super bug-boomer!"
	With that, the massive doors to the lab slowly creaked 
open, the light revealing a red, hulking figure beyond.  It was twice 
as large as the bug-boomers who began to inch back into the lab to 
get out of it's way.  The floor shook slightly as it took a step, its six 
ruby-red eyes scanning the room as it ponderously made its 
enterance.  It had the same thick, bulbous armor of the other bug-
boomers, but it's arms and legs were as thick as tree trucks, and it's 
large head rested on it's squat, hunched-over body.
	"Your sacrifice here will not be in vain," the mocking voice 
continued.  "I'm sure that this battle will point out all the small 
design flaws that I've missed, so please take your time to die, 
because this time you haven't a chance of wining."
	And with that, the super bug-boomer began its attack.

	"Skuld, you have to do something!" Keiichi begged the 
goddess, still staring in horror at the completed super bug-boomer.  
"There's no way they can beat that thing alone!"
	Skuld shrunk down into herself, and said in a small voice, 
"I'm not good at magic.  I'm only good at building and fixing 
things."
	"But can't you--?" Keiichi stopped when a hand landed on 
his shoulder.  He looked up at Ami, who was battered and bruised, 
her eyes tired, but hard with determination.
	"There's nothing Skuld can do now," Ami told him, even 
her voice sounding weary.  "We just have to have faith that Rei and 
Mihoshi can beat that thing."
	"You think I can't help because I'm a little girl?" Skuld 
snapped, a frown set on her face.
	Ami took a step back in surprise.  "That's not what I --"
	Skuld pushed past her before she could finish, heading for 
the lockers where the suits were stored.  Following her curiously, 
Ami and Keiichi saw the young goddess stop before the locker 
where Ranko's suit still hung.  She peered up at the hardsuit in 
silence for some moments.
	"There's no way that will fit you, Skuld," Ami told her.
	With surprising strength, Skuld took down the suit from its 
resting place and threw it down on the work table in the middle of 
the room.  "It won't, yet," Skuld replied and got to work.

	Rei quickly unloaded Ranko's motoriod from the truck and 
put it on.  They would need every advantage they could get.
	"Mihoshi," she called to her fellow Saber.  "Try to keep it 
distracted while I line up my shot."
	"Right," the blonde replied, suddenly taking to the air, 
dodging the blasts from the super boomer was jumping from beam 
to beam on the high ceiling.  Someone other than Rei might have 
wondered why Mihoshi only seemed to have perfect balance when 
she had to.
	Rei lined up the motoriod's cannon with the thing's head 
and then fired, but when the smoke cleared, she realized that the 
thing had managed to dodge most of the blast, only taking a few 
scratches.  And it was now looking in her direction.

	"Back up the truck, now!" suddenly came over the truck's 
speakers, in Rei's voice.
	Having rarely heard his sister raise her voice, much less 
shout, Keiichi dove for the driver's seat and floored it into reverse, 
just in time to see a bright light completely destroy the spot that the 
truck had been resting on moments ago.
	"What the hell was that?!" he shouted, blinking away the 
sudden near-blindness.
	"The super boomer has been equiped with the black box," 
Rei explained calmly, though she sounded as if the breath had just 
been knocked out of her.  "It has control of the the USSD satilites 
platforms.  I want you to drive the truck out of the labratory 
complex.  I believe it's attack radius for the satilities is limited to 
line of sight."
	"No way!" Keiichi replied immediately.  "There's no way 
I'm going to just leave you and Mihoshi here, especially if that 
thing can do that."
	"You have to take Ami, Skuld, and yourself to safety," Rei 
told him.  "The hardsuits are manuavable enough to avoid the 
satilite attacks, the truck is not.  We will be fine, Keiichi."
	"All right, I'll do it, big sister," Keiichi said, not believing 
his sister's words.  They were in danger, big danger, and he wasn't 
about to leave them there alone.  He backed up the truck around a 
corner and went to check the condition of the other passangers.

	Ami was pulling herself into a chair, and looking like she 
was having a rough time of it.  She must have been hurt worse than 
Keiichi had previously thought.  But when he moved to help her, 
she waved his hand away and said, "Help Skuld."
	Skuld was buried under Ranko's hardsuit.  Keiichi strained, 
but was just barely able to lift it off of her and get it back on the 
table.  He was pleased to see that besides a bit dirty, Skuld was all 
right, having caught the hardsuit as it had fallen.  She looked up at 
him in surprise, before finally saying, "Thanks."
	Keiichi smiled.  "You're welcome."
	Ami looked a bit sheepish.  "I tried to lift it off her, but--"
	Seeing the fresh blood that marked the leg of Ami's plug-
suit, he immediately broke out the first aid kit, ignoring all her 
protests.  He gasped at the sight of the large gash  when he gently 
pulled back the leg of the suit.  It was still bleeding.
	"Why didn't you say that you were this badly hurt?" he 
asked her.
	Ami was a bit embarrassed.  "I guess that with the super 
boomer and all I didn't think it was that important.  I'm more used 
to patching others up than patching up myself."
	Keiichi did his best to clean out the wound, ignoring Ami's 
small gasps as he applied the disenfectant.  Then he very carefully 
bandaged it up and searched her for signs of other injuries that 
needed taken care of, feeling very relieved when Ami assured him 
that most of her body had survived without a sratch and it was her 
arms and legs that needed attending to.  Keiichi had never really 
been interested in Ami, but she was still definitely a woman.
	He had just finished taking care of Ami, when Skuld 
suddenly shouted, "I've done it. I'm a genius!"
	They both blinked when the goddess walked over to them 
wearing Ranko's hardsuit, the helmet slung under her arm.  
Somehow Skuld seemed to have grown a few inches, though her 
face didn't look any older.
	"But how?" Keiichi asked.  "The suit doesn't look any 
different."
	Skuld smiled.  "Simple, Keiichi.  Since it would have taken 
too long to adjust the suit to fit me, I adjusted myself to fit with 
with my own Mr. Exoskeleton Mk2!"
	"Do you have any idea what's she's talking about?" Keiichi 
stage whispered to Ami.
	Ami shook her head.  "Not a clue."
	"You two just can't appreacate my genuis," Skuld 
complained, putting the helmet on.  "What matters is it works."
	Just before she could leave the truck, Keiichi grabbed her 
hand.  "Are you sure you're going to be okay out there, Skuld?"  He 
knew his sister needed all the help that she could get, but he didn't 
like the idea of putting Belldandy's little sister in danger either.
	Skuld gave him a thumbs up.  "Everything will be fine.  
Trust me."
	And as soon as she left the truck, she tripped and landed 
flat on her face.
	Keiichi could only shake his head and hope for the best.

	Rei was using a rare pause in the fight to take a few deep 
breaths.  She had sacrificed the motoriod in a gambit to destory the 
super boomer, but it had been only partially successful.  The self-
destruct had taken two arms (the boomer had four) and a chunck 
out of its chest, but it was still moving.  What was worse, the super 
boomer still controled the killer satilities.  She waited for the next 
attack to come, while trying to come up with a plan of her own.
	The super boomer used the satilite again, this time targeting 
Mihoshi.  Thankfully, all it managed to do was put another hole in 
the ceiling.  Rei blinked in surprise when she suddenly saw a 
strange-looking sphere fly threw the air, only to explode against the 
head of the super boomer, sending it staggering back.  Rei turned 
to face Saber-Red.
	"Ranko, I thought you were still in the hospital?" Rei asked, 
her surprise not showing her voice.
	Instead of replying, Saber-Red pressed her advangate 
against the super boomer by knocking it into a wall with a flying 
shoulder strike, though the force of the collosion sent her 
staggering back as well.
	"That isn't Ranko, sis," Keiichi explained.  "Skuld found 
some way to adjust the hardsuit to fit her."
	"Grr, I told you I didn't do anything to the hardsuit.  I'm 
simply wearing a exoskeleton to make up for the height 
difference."
	"Skuld, this is much too dangerous," Rei replied to her.  
"Even if you have adjusted the suit to fit you, you have no prior 
battle experience.  Return to the truck immediately."
	"What do you mean?  I have plenty of experience squashing 
bugs.  Besides, It looks like this one is down for the count already."
	"Skuld, move!" Rei shouted, her instincts screaming 
danger.
	The new Saber-Red only looked back at her puzzled.
	Rei ran, but Skuld was too far, she'd never make it in time.  
"Mihoshi!" she shouted.
	Saber-Black blurred, picking up Saber-Red under one arm 
as the deadly light of the attack satilite incinrated the spot where 
Skuld had been standing.  They had cut it too close, and they were 
both sent slamming into the wall by the force of the explosion, 
Mihoshi flipping around to take most of the force on herself.
	Skuld blinked awake to find herself being cradeled 
protectively in the armored arms of the blonde Knight Saber, who 
sat there unmoving.  She couldn't believe that the ditzy girl who 
had been so annoying at Rei's apartment had actually saved her.
	"Mihoshi!" Skuld shouted, shaking Saber-Black to get 
some reaction.  "Wake up, Mihoshi!"
	"It's no use," Rei told her calmly.  "The force of the blast 
must have knocked her out.  The suit absorbed will have protected 
her from serious injury, however.  She will be fine."
	"But!" Skuld shouted as she turned away from Mihoshi, 
tears starting to form in her eyes.
	"Skuld!" Rei barked in command.  "Leave her be.  We must 
destory the super boomer.  There is no time for excess emotion."
	"Yes, Rei," Skuld answered, her voice heavy in her throat.  
She wished she wasn't wearing a helmet so she could wipe away 
her tears.  It irritated her to feel them slowly drip down her cheeks.
	As Skuld made her way to Rei's side, the super bug-boomer 
slowly stood up again.  It was in rough shape.  It only had one 
working arm remaining, and one of it's legs was throwing off a 
shower of sparks from a deep gash.  The chest was pitted with the 
marks of weapon's fire, especially on the right where a whole 
section was missing.  The head was crumpled like a old tin can and 
several of it's eyes had shattered.  It staggered towards their 
direction like a dying man.

	"Lord Jinnai," one of the techs said to him in a voice that 
was nearly shaking with fear.  "The super boomer is losing!  We 
have to flee here immediately!"
	Jinnai, however, was still calm.  "I must admit that the 
Knight Sabers have proven far more resourceful than I gave them 
credit for.  Self-destructing that motoroid of theirs was a clever 
stragegem, as well as holding back their fourth member to launch a 
surprise attack.  Obviously, the thing I negelected to realize before 
was the ability of brains to conquer brawn.  I should have known 
better, considering my own genius.  I suppose my next project 
should be to try to instill my level of brain power into a boomer."
	"But what about now?" the tech insisted.  "We're all going 
to be killed."
	"Calm yourself," Jinnai replied with a small smile.  "The 
super boomer still retains control of the Eye of... I mean, USSDs 
satilites, and that is a weapon that the Knight Sabers can not hope 
to match."

	Rei was out of ammo and she knew Skuld was close to 
being so as well.  They had managed to damage the super boomer 
further, but it refused to stay down, and they were quickly running 
out of ways to stop it.  Staying at a distance was no good, with no 
ammo they couldn't do it any harm while it could attack with the 
satilities.  Getting up close was better, but also very risky.  The 
super boomer might only have one functioning arm, but it was 
much stronger than their hardsuits, and could move quicker than it 
looked, even heavily damaged as it was.
	That was when a figure slowly descended through one of 
the holes in the roof.  She had grey hair and pale skin, dressed in 
odd clothes, and holding and even odder staff.  She regarded Rei 
with calm eyes.
	Rei couldn't help taking a step back.  *Could she be 
another?* she thought, feeling an old fear welling up inside of her.  
*An angel?*
	"Forgive me for being late," the woman spoke, her voice as 
calm as her eyes.
	Before Rei could say anything, the satilite weapon struck 
again, turning the spot where the woman stood into a ball of fire.  
Rei gasped, uncertain if she felt saddness and relief.
	"Particle beam satilite," the woman said, floating in the air 
next to the spot she had stood, her clothes not even singed.  Her 
voice dripped with distain.  "How futile."
	She raised her staff at the super bug-boomer, light 
beginning to gather on the prongs that jutted out of that end.
	"Aim for the upper chest," Rei instructed, guessing this 
woman's intent.  "That is the most logical place for the central 
computer and the satilite control mechanism."
	The woman nodded, adjusting her aim accordingly.  The 
super bug-boomer tried to reach out for her, but it was too late as a 
sudden bolt of energy, like a minature version of the killer 
satilities, struck it, completely aniliating most of its upper torso.  
The remains of the boomer fell to the ground, unmoving, no more 
than a collection of damaged parts now.
	As the woman turned to leave, Rei asked, "Who are you?"
	The woman turned back, her expression neutral.  "My name 
is Ifurita.  I thank you for your efforts here today, but I have 
someone who I must speak to."
	And with that, she flew past the large steel doors and into 
the heart of the lab from which the super bug-boomer had first 
emerged.
	Rei consider following her, but shook her head.  Her team 
was in no shape to risk another confrontation with even a normal 
boomer at the moment.  It was time to go home.

	Jinnai launched into a string of obsenties that made his bug-
boomer driver blush.  This was the second time having neared 
victory, only to have it snatched out of his hands by that demon 
bitch.  What was worse, her appearance garunteed that his ultimate 
rival and enemy, Makoto, was lurking nearby, no doubt readying 
himself to foil his brilliant schemes yet again.
	Jinnai had no one but himself to blame, however.  He knew 
that it had been a bad idea not to kill that woman Alielle on sight, 
but still he had hesitated, and now he had paid the price.  But it was 
too late for blame now, with Makoto about he would have to work 
in much more subtle and secret ways from now on.
	It was time to return home; to rest, to think, and to plan.

	Rei tip-toed back into the apartment, carrying a sleeping 
Ami in her arms.  Her hard fights combined with her injuries had 
worn the woman out, causing her to doze off during the ride home.  
Knowing that she needed sleep to recover, Rei thought it best not 
to wake her.  Thankfully, Mihoshi had woken up on her own and 
elected to go home, since Rei was running out of room to put 
people up for the night.
	She slowly walked down the hall to the second gestroom.  
Belldandy had been given the first.  Rei blinked as it occured to her 
that the lights were on, but there was no sign of the godddess of the 
present, nor of the Sana-boomer.  After gently laying Ami down in 
bed and tucking her in, Rei decided to investigate.
	She opened the door to the first guestroom, careful not to 
make a sound.  From the dim light of the hallway she could see 
Belldandy circled up in her bed, already fast asleep, and Sana held 
protectively in her arms.  Rei carefully shut the door, smiling 
slightly.
	"Is it all right to come up now, sis?" Keiichi asked when he 
saw Rei return to the garage.
	Rei nodded.  "Yes, but you must be quiet.  Belldandy and 
Sana are sleeping as well as Ami."
	Rei, Keiichi, and Skuld walked up the stairs back to the 
apartment, the latter two taking exaggerated care in being quiet.
	"Rei-san," Skuld whispered, stifling a yawn.  "Where am I 
going to sleep?"
	Rei frowned a bit.  She had originally planned on giving 
Skuld the second guestroom to share with Sana, but she had put 
Ami in there without thinking about it and knew it was a bad idea 
to move her now.
	"I guess you can sleep on my bed," Rei told her.
	Skuld nodded, but then became puzzled.  "But where will 
you sleep then?"

	"I can't believe how late it is," Makoto thought out loud as 
he glanced up at the clock, stifling a yawn.  He waiting in the hotel 
room for the return of his wife.  Ura had already fallen asleep.  He 
felt like he had walked Alielle home hours ago, but it couldn't have 
been more than an hour since they had left the hospital.
	Still, he couldn't help but worry.  Ifurita was powerful, he 
knew that better than anyone, but it had been a long time since she 
had to fight anything approaching her level, and whatever Jinnai 
had cooked up this time, it had to be dangerous.  The fact that he 
was back on Earth proved that.  That should have been impossible.  
Makoto might even have to return to El Hazard to check on what 
had transpired since their last visit three years ago.
	Feeling a cool wind carress his cheek, Makoto turned to 
find Ifurita standing on the balcony, waiting for him.  His fatigue 
seemed to vanish instantly as he rushed over to her and held her 
close.
	"Is something wrong, husband?" she asked.
	"I was just a bit worried about you," he admitted with a 
smile.
	"You shouldn't have.  The super boomer was not nearly as 
dangerous as I was lead to believe, and I also had the aid of two 
armored women."
	"The Knight Sabers, Alielle told me about them," Makoto 
said as he lead his wife back into the room and shut the sliding 
glass doors.  He was starting to shiver from the cold, not that 
Ifurita had this problem.
	The demon goddess nodded and took a seat on the bed 
beside her husdand.  "The super boomer was nearly destoryed 
when I arrived, thanks to their efforts.  I was able to finish it off 
quickly."
	"What about Jinnai?"
	"I searched for him after his creation had been destoryed, 
but all I could find were signs of his hasty depature.  I could track 
him down and--"
	"No," Makoto told her, shaking his head.  "He probably has 
an entire army of boomers to protect him, and I don't want you 
getting hurt just over a chance to finally stop him.  Besides..."
	"...he was your friend once, and you still hope to reform 
him," Ifurita completed his thought.
	Makoto shrugged helplessly.  "I know it's probably hopeless 
to get him to change at this point, but he wasn't always the way he 
is now.  I just can't give up on him."
	"I would not be here," Ifurita told him, running her fingers 
through his hair, "if you gave up on people easily."
	Makoto turned to look up at her, blushing a bit, while his 
hand blindly groped for the lightswitch and flicked it off.

	Ranko yawned and opened her eyes, stretching under the 
golden sunlight that filtered in from a half-shuttered window.  The 
nurse smiled as she turned away from straightening a boquet of 
violets by her beside.
	"Feeling better now?" the nurse inquired.
	Ranko nodded.  "Much better."
	"These violets were sent to your room, but whoever sent 
them didn't include a card.  Looks like you've got yourself a secret 
admirer."
	Ranko shook her head, guessing that either Ami or possibly 
Belldandy had sent them.  Rei didn't really believe in the value of 
flowers, and Mihoshi wouldn't even think of it.
	"Oh, well, I suppose what's important now is the fact that 
you're awake.  Would you like breakfast now?"
	Ranko nodded enthusastically.  Having never had the 
chance to have dinner, she was starving.
	The nurse giggled a bit at the girl's antics.  "Okay, I'll be 
right back with your meal.  But do you need help going to the 
bathroom first?"
	Ranko shook her head no nearly as violently as she had just 
nodded yes.  It was hard enough to go the bathroom in girl form, 
she didn't want help.
	With a departing laugh, the nurse left.
	Ranko glanced at the clock.  Still early, but Rei might be up 
already, that is if she had survived.  No, best not to even think 
about it.  Rei was nearly the equal to Ryoga in strength and 
endurance, while Mihoshi had more luck than a whole field of four 
leaf clovers.  In several ways, they resembled extremes, but Ami 
would be there to keep them balanced.  And on top of that, they 
had their hardsuits which were alone tougher than even those new 
bug-boomers they had faced recently.  Whatever the situation was, 
Ranko felt confident that her fellow Knight Sabers had handled it, 
even without her there to back them up.
	Ranko smiled suddenly, twirling one of the violets in one 
hand.  "Besides," she thought out loud.  "If they weren't okay, they 
wouldn't have thought of sending me these flowers."
	Then Ranko had no more time for thought because her 
breakfast had arrived.  The food was bland almost to the point of 
tastelessness, though it wasn't quite as bad as the time she had 
eaten Rei's cooking.  Still, they were nice about more servings.  
After finishing off four meals right after each other, Ranko leant 
back with a contented sigh.
