Tenchi Muyo and Gundam Wing characters (except for Naiki, and Riley) are
property of Pioneer, not me. This was written out of enjoyment, I am not
getting paid for this. So I beg you people, please do not sue me. Thank you
very much.

 Never Again

Chapter 1: Distress

    The dark clouds formed above the quiet Masaki Shrine. A storm was waiting
to be born. Inside the Masaki household, the young Jurian Princess Sasami was
working on preparing dinner for the large household. Tenchi Masaki was
working in the carrot fields, of course he wasn't able to get too much done
with Ryo-Oki trying to get at all the carrots.
    "Stop that Ryo-Oki! I told you no carrots until dinner!" Tenchi yelled in
frustration. Ryo-Oki took a step back.
    "Meow…" Ryo-Oki sighed as she turned around, heading back to the
Masaki
Shrine. Tenchi looked down and heaved a heavy sigh.
    "Ryo-Oki will just never understand. Oh well, I'd better get back to
work…" as he said this, he looked towards the sky. The dark clouds hovered
over the shrine like a blanket of smoke. Tenchi gasped. "Well, doesn't look
like I'll be getting anymore work done today…" With that, Tenchi picked up
his tools and basket of carrots and headed towards his house. Ryoko squealed
excitedly as she saw Tenchi heading towards the house. Just as Tenchi
reached
the door, he was greeted by a pair of gleaming yellow eyes peeking through
the door. "AH!" Tenchi screamed in surprise. Ryoko giggled with delight.
    "Oh Tenchi dear, what took you so long to come home? I was getting so
worried about you! I thought maybe that mean bratty princess tried to-…"
Ryoko was cut off by Tenchi's hand covering her mouth.
    "SH! Quiet Ryoko! Ayeka may hear you!" he hissed into her ear.
    "Hear what?" a high-pitched voice called from the living room.
    "Too late…" Tenchi thought with a groan. "Here we go again…" A few
seconds later, the young lavender haired Jurian Princess Ayeka walked into
where Tenchi and Ryoko were standing. Ayeka's cheery expression suddenly
turned sour at the sight of the two.
    "Miss Ryoko! What do you think you are doing? Get away from Lord Tenchi
right this instant!" she screeched at Ryoko with a most annoying tone. Ryoko
grinned smugly at the princess.
    "Oh I get it, looks like someone is a little jealous here," she alleged
with a laugh. Ayeka's face turned a bright red in anger and embarrassment.
    "How dare you say such a thing you evil devil! I shall teach you a thing
or two!" Ryoko just grinned in response, welcoming the challenge. Ryoko's
beam sword appeared in her hands instantly.
    "Bring it on, Princess!" she cried mockingly.  Ryoko then noticed that
the princess was now surrounded by her power logs. They both glared at each
other, the tension growing. Just before either was able to attack, the door,
which looked like an ordinary closet door, swung open, revealing a woman
looking no older than twelve.
    "What's going on here? What's with all the racket? How do you expect the
greatest scientific genius in the universe to get any work done!" the
redheaded woman asked. All three of them rolled their eyes at her.
    "Oh geez Washu, will you chill out? Get outta here and leave us alone!
Can't you see we are in the middle of a battle…err…argument here?" Ryoko
hollered at Washu. Washu just sighed at the ignorance of her daughter. She
knew that somewhere deep inside, Ryoko really did respect her mother. But
she
certainly had a strange way of showing it.
    "My goodness little Ryoko, aren't we a little crabby today? Is that any
way to talk to your mother?" she questioned her daughter, a devious grin
curving on her lips. Ryoko turned away from Ayeka and towards her mother,
her
anger rising.
    "Now listen hear you…" Before Ryoko was able to continue, Tenchi
stepped
in front of Washu, glaring at Ryoko.
    "Now c'mon Ryoko! That's no way to treat your mother! Let's just forget
this stupid argument and go on with our lives!" Tenchi hollered right in
Ryoko's face. Ryoko was so surprised and bewildered that she fell backwards
onto her butt, staring up at Tenchi. Ayeka also looked at Tenchi with quite
a
shocked expression on her face. Tenchi backed up, also shocked at his sudden
tone, and he just walked past all of them, his face red in embarrassment.
Ryoko couldn't even move, her whole face was white.
    "Well…uh…why don't we all get ready for dinner, hm?" Ayeka
suggested,
her cheery expression now returning to her face. She leaned down and picked
up the petrified Ryoko, and dragged her to the kitchen. Washu watched them
walk off with her usual devilish smirk upon her face. There was never a day
that Washu was in a bad mood, well, at least it is a rare occasion that she
is. After a moment of there, basking in glory because Tenchi had defended
her, she decided that she wanted to get ready for dinner as well. Washu
helped the other girls set the table as Sasami finished preparing their
meal.
Just before she set dinner on the table, Sasami got out a small sized gong
and walked to the doorway to the kitchen. From her pocket she took out a
large metal spoon, and began banging it on the gong multiple times, yelling
for everyone to come to the kitchen and eat. Because everyone was used to
this routine, Ryoko, Ayeka, and Washu all had their earplugs in their ears,
and watched the remaining household walk into the kitchen, all of them
covering their ears with their hands. Sasami giggled and went back to
setting
the food on the table. A few moments later, everyone began munching on their
meal and chatting about their day. That is, everyone but Washu. Her usual
jovial expression was replaced with a saddened, pitiful look; her once
dancing eyes filling with a look of distress. Everyone was so wrapped up in
their chatting that they hadn't noticed Washu's silence. When everyone had
finished their dinner, they all got up from their seats to clean their
dishes. Washu kept that same look on her face the entire time, and no one
noticed until Ayeka noticed that Washu had been cleaning the same plate the
entire time.
    "Is something bothering you, Miss Washu?" she asked in a rather
concerned
tone. Washu slowly snapped out of her dazed look, and turned to Ayeka, a
plastered smile on her face.
    "Oh, it's nothing Lady Ayeka. Don't worry about me," she told her
reassuringly. Ayeka was unsure of whether to believe her or not, but she
just
simply turned away and walked out of the kitchen. Washu's fake smile was
once
again replaced with a distressed look. She let a deep, heavy sigh escape
past
her lips. She stared longingly out the window, and whispered softly, "Never
again…"
Then entire household had gathered in the living room, all of them resuming
their chatter they had begun at dinner. Washu just ignored the mindless
chatter of the group. Tenchi started to notice Washu's silence, and was
beginning to get concerned. He got up from his place on the couch and sat
next to Washu on the floor, and put on his most dazzling smile.
    "Hey, come on Washu! Cheer up! I'm not used to seeing you so down," he
told her. Washu took a moment to turn her head to answer him. This time, she
couldn't fake a smile as she did before. Instead, her eyes welled with
tears,
and she stood, still facing him.
    "Excuse me…" was all she could choke out before she dashed out of the
room. Washu's sudden absence quickly got the attention of the room.
    "What happened Tenchi? Where'd Washu go?" Sasami asked Tenchi curiously.
    "I don't know Sasami…I wonder what's wrong with her…?"

End of chapter 1. So what did you think so far? Make sure you tell me! Be
ready for Chapter 2: Memories coming soon
