Characters contained in this script are copyright Pioneer, AIC, Sunrise,
Bandai, and their creators. I am not doing this for profit. I am not a
professional writer. So if I butcher characters, do not sue me. I assure you
that this will not butcher the characters to the degree like in some Sasami
Lemons or such. I will also not self-insert anyone or me. Those are my only
promises. If the story turns out bad, well at least I didn't do the
aforementioned. (Note: I'm not against self-insertion that much, it's just
that some authors create some crappy self-insertions.)

        Business was booming on Planet Nemira with tons of visitors coming
to see
its sights and wonders. The Ucchan Bar was filled up to its hull with
drunks, but two particular figures were there for other reasons.

"Jet? Explain to me why we're here again?" Spike poured some beer into his
mug and he glared at Jet. The larger fellow, who was in a suit, cracked open
some peanuts and sighed.

        "We're looking for a bounty, Tate Kuno.... worth 4 million
woolong.... not
too shabby." Jet handed Spike, the profile on Kuno. Spike looks at the
information and groans. "Tate Kuno, a insane17 year old sword wielder
accused of stalking beautiful women and picking fights with anyone who looks
at him.... huge ego..."

        "C'mon, Jet...it's some perverted peeper with a sword. This is a
boring
job."

        "Shut up, Spike. Money is money. Look around for our man." Jet gets
up and
leaves. Spike is left at the table, groaning.

        "Might as well make the best of this situation...bartender...more
vodka."
The bartender pours Spike another glass when a mysterious man sits down next
to Jet."

        "What do you want?" The bartender was wiping a glass and gave the
cloaked
figure another look. "Hey, what do you want?" The figure still didn't
answer. "Hey, you dumb fuck! What do you want?" Finally, the figure removed
his hood and gave the bartender an evil look.

        "How dare you insult the might Tate Kuno? I shall teach you a lesson
in
humility!" The bartender started sweating and he barely missed the swing of
the blade from Kuno. Although the swing missed the bartender, the counter
was not so lucky. The count was split clean with one side falling down to
the ground with a thud.

        "Hey, c'mon.... calm down." The bartender was panicking and pissing
in his
pants...literally.

        "No, I must smite thee for defiling my name!" Kuno raised his bokken
and
prepared himself for an overhead swipe. "You will travel to hell in a few
moments!" The bartender whimpered. This was the end for him. Kuno made a war
cry and began his swinging motion. The bartender closed his eyes, but the
blow never came.

        "Huh?" He found Kuno was on the ground, unconscious. "What the
hell?"

        "I'll take it from here." Spike drags Kuno by his collar and drags
him out
of the bar. Moments later, Jet returns to where he left Spike.

        "Spike?" Jet turns to the bartender and looks at the counter. "What
happened here?"

        "I don't know...some guy with a sword was about to kill me...then
wham!
He's unconscious on the ground and some guy dragged him out."

        "Hmm.... That's Spike for you."

*****
A First Time Fanfic Writer Presents

A Cowboy Bebop/ Tenchi Muyo! Crossover

"New Bounty"

(Note: This is based on the first TV series of Tenchi Muyo and on the
subject of cowboy Bebop, before Faye and Ein join up)

By Treize Peacecraft

        On the Yamagi, Kiyone is check the system and looking for errors.
After she
finishes, she look up at the ceiling and sighs.

        "What did I do to deserve this cruel treatment?" It's been a week
since
she's been declared a fugitive for helping Ayeka and Ryoko escape from the
clutches of the Galaxy police and Jurai's Military. "What the hell is going
on? Why would Ayeka be accused of treason?"

        "Kiyone?" Kiyone turned around to find a smiling Sasami.

        "What is it, Sasami?"

        "Dinner's ready!" Kiyone smiled and secretly thanked god for the
fact that
someone could cook on this ship.

        "Thank you, I just have to finish up some stuff here."

*****

        Nagi sat in her seat and she looked at the profile of Ryoko. Nagi
knew
something was wrong. She could feel it. However, she was determined to catch
Ryoko by any means necessary.

        "She beat me and survived once again..." Nagi thought over the past
battle
she had with Ryoko. "She let me live.... even though I have caused her so
much misery on other occasions. Maybe I should...huh?" A large meow was
heard on Ken-Ohki and she quickly checked the panel. She saw another ship
that she instantly recognized.

        "The Bebop? But what are they doing here? Are they here for Princess
Ayeka
and Ryoko?"
*****

        "Spike, are you ready to capture some more bounty? Spike, who was on
the
couch, looked lazily at Jet and groaned.

        "I don't know, Jet...I want to catch some sleep..." Spike put a
magazine
over his eyes and stretched his arms.

        "You might want to take a look at our next bounty...."

        "Don't want to talk about...too tired..."

        "Remember when the Jurain military declared the princesses of
treason?"

        "Uh huh..."

        "Well, there's a bounty of 500 million woolong on their heads along
with an
additional 10 woolong for each accomplice. There is also 20 million woolong
on Ryoko, the space pirate.  It appears they're on the run." Jet looked at
Spike who was now attentive and wide-awake.

        "500 million woolong?!"

        "You betcha, Spike. This is a big job." Jet lit a cigarette and
looked at
Spike seriously. "The Jurain Military and the Galaxy Police are chasing the
princesses, the infamous space pirate Ryoko, and accomplices."

        "Ryoko, that sounds familiar....."

        "She should, she's a space pirate and one of the best. No bounty
hunter has
ever caught her and lived I think."

"Yeah, now I remember. But I thought one bounty hunter got close to catching
her......it was Nagi or something."

"Maybe, but that's irrelevant. With this much bounty, we could live well for
the rest of our days. Are you game, Spike?"

"I'm game, let's get ourselves 500 million woolong and then some."

*****

        "Hmm....so this man calls himself Yosho....." Katsuhito places his
cup of
tea down and he sighs.

        "Grandpa, is something wrong?"

        "Hmm...nothing." Tenchi looked at his Grandpa with a puzzled
expression and
he sighs. "Where are Ayeka and Ryoko?"

        "Oh Tenchi, they're in the recreation room."

        "Karaoke again?! We should just sell it..."

        "No way!" All the girls in room, which encompassed Mihoshi, Washu,
Sasami,
and even Kiyone, glared at Tenchi.

        "Uhm....nevermind.....I think I'll go check on them." Tenchi leaves
the
room slowly with the girls' eyes on him. Once he's out of the room, he
moans.

*****

"That was a great job, Ryoko!" complimented Ayeka as Ryoko finished the
song.

"Thanks, Ayeka. You're not so bad at singing either...." Both girls laughed
together. Usually, they would argue over Tenchi or fight over nonsense. But
when the karaoke machine came, they found a common interest. It was
refreshing change of pace for the two. Besides, with no Tenchi, there was
nothing major to fight over.

"Miss Ayeka? Ryoko?" Tenchi saw Ryoko and Ayeka laughing. "Uhmm...what are
you two doing." Both girls saw Tenchi and then they looked at each other.
One could swear that they saw two lightning bolts striking each other at
that moment. "Oh no...."

*****

        "So, we're looking for the Yamagi? Who owns that ship?" Jet typed in
some
more data and looked up at Spike.

        "Own by two galaxy police officers named Kiyone Mabiki and
Mihoshi......"

        "Two women officers? Are they the renegade officers helping the
fugitives?"

        "Yeah, they're.....huh?" Jet looks at the red flashing light on his
computer and he enters some codes.

        "What is it, Jet?"

        "It's an incoming message...."

        "It's Nagi...."

        "What ...Spike? How do you know its Nagi?" Spike points outside.
Outside
the Bebop is another ship. "Hmm...the infamous Ken-Ohki." A face shows up on
the console and Spike smiles.

        "Nagi...long time no see." Jet looks at Spike in disbelief.

        "You know the infamous bounty hunter, Nagi?"

        "Let's just say that we met up a long time ago in a bar."

        "Why am I not surprised..." Jet rolled his eyes.

        "Spike, long time no see." Spike's causal gaze deflected Nagi's cold
stare.

        "Nagi, still the elusive bounty hunter....one of the best...never
lost a
bounty in you life...except for.."

        "Ryoko."

        "Wow, Nagi, I never figured you to be the one to lose a bounty this
big."

        "Well, let's just say that she's no ordinary bounty."

        "I can assume that you didn't contact the ship for small talk." Jet
looked
at Nagi and waiting for an answer to his statement.

        "That is correct, I'm wondering why the infamous ship known as the
Bebop is
in this sector. From what I hear, you both get your bounty in the sol
system."

        "True, but a heavy bounty drew us here."

        "Really? Can I assume that the two of you are after the Jurain
princesses
and Ryoko?" Spike's eyebrow's arched slightly then he smiled.

        "Yep, got a problem with that?"

        "Yeah, I do. Ryoko is mine to catch and mine alone to stop." Jet
looked at
the woman and could tell that she was serious. This wasn't small talk
anymore.

        "I don't know... 20 million woolong could buy a lot of alcohol,"
said Spike
nonchalantly.

        "Hmm...I see. You aren't willing to cooperate. I was going to blast
your
ship into pieces, but I'll let you go. But get in my way, I'll make sure
that the Bebop disappears along with its owners. Understood?'

        "Yep" As Nagi prepared to shut down communication, Spike said one
more
thing. "But remember, if you're in our way, we'll knock you down too." Nagi
smiled and laughed.

        "You're still amusing, Spike. Well, I've got to continue my search.
Remember what I said." Nagi's face disappears from the console and the
Ken-Ohki flies away from the Bebop at top speed. Spike looked out the window
and started laughing.

        "Same old Nagi. Oh well, Jet....let's go get that bounty"

        "Alright, let's go!" The Bebop fired and flew in the direction that
Nagi's
ship went.

*****

        "Tenchi, are you alright?" Tenchi woke up and found Sasami looking
over
him.

        "Sasami....oh my head.....what happened?"

        "Ryoko and Ayeka started fighting each other when you entered the
room.
Then, someone threw a stereo speaker at your head...." Tenchi turned to find
Katsuhito, who sat in a corner of the room quietly.

        "When will those two stop it?" Tenchi slowly got out of bed. He
walked out
of the room and found Ayeka and Ryoko. Both girls couldn't look at him and
Tenchi sighed.

        "Miss Ayeka....Ryoko....."

        "We're sorry, Tenchi!" Both hugged him instantly.

        "Uhh.....we have to talk." Both girls were about to glare at each
other,
but then, they looked at Tenchi in fear.

        "What is it, Lord Tenchi?

        "Tenchi?"

        "I know I can't resolve your differences before Jurai with one
conversation, but you have to try to get along without fighting!"

        "But Lord Tenchi, this monster....."

        "Tenchi, this stuck-up princess......."

        "Stop it! I saw two girls in that recreation room having fun
together
without a punch thrown. At home, I saw you two watching soaps together
without any violence. I know it's possible for you two to work together and
perhaps, that's the most frustrating part." Both girls were silent.

        "I need some more sleep, could you tell my dad to wake me up in two
hours?"

        "Uh...sure..."

        "Of course, Lord...."

        "Good night." Tenchi walks back to his room and shuts the door. Both
girls
look at Tenchi with sadness, then they looked at each other.

        "You know, Ryoko, we're never going to get along ......"

        "Yeah, it's not going to be like some weird story where everyone
gets
along......."

        "But perhaps, we should be more civil to each other......for the
sake of
Lord Tenchi..."

        "You know, Princess, I think you're on the right track." Both shook
hands,
but each intensified their grip until someone interrupted.

        "Oh! Ryoko? Ayeka? How is Tenchi?" Both girls tired from the
handshake fall
to the ground. Mihoshi looked at the two and was puzzled. "Wow, you two must
be tired!"

*****

        "Did you sense that?"

        "What the hell are you talking about, Jet?" Spike looked at Jet, who
was
looking suspiciously out into the universe.

        "It was like some major disturbance in the force, something
happened that
effected the balance of all things rational..."

        "Jet?"

        "It was probably nothing, Spike. Looks like, I've got a lead on our
bounty."

        "Where?"

        "Someone spotted something similar in the Zenogais System, next to
Plant
Lodoss."

        "Hmm..Lodoss.....every been there, Jet?"

        "No, but I've heard it's an accursed planet which was a result of a
war...."

        "Nevermind.....Jet, let's head in that direction."

        "Just what I was thinking."

*****

        Nagi looked at her console and she muttered some swears.

        "Ken-Ohki, where was the last time that  the Yamagi was spotted?"

        "Miya! Miya!" A transparent screen appears in front of Nagi and the
course
of the Yamagi was shown to her.

        "Hmm....looks like they're heading for Jurai....." Then, Nagi felt
something race past her and the Ken-Ohki. Ken-Ohki was almost knocked off
course! "What the hell was that? Ken-Ohki?"

        "Mii...ya...." Ken-Ohki was dizzy. "Another screen appeared showing
the
object that passed them.

"The Bebop....figures. Ken-Ohki, follow them!"

"Miya!" The Ken-Ohki sped after the Bebop.

*****

        "Huh?" Jet looked at his console and saw a message on it.

        "What is it?"

        "It's a message from your friend, Nagi. She wants us to stop."

        "Really?" Jet's grin widened.

        "Yep. I'm going to....."

        "Go."

        "What? Why don't we...."

        "Jet, when Nagi wants to stop...she's going to try to blow you to
pieces."

        "What?!" Spike nodded and pointed at the screen.

        "We're going to reach the Yamagi in short time, but stopping will
give them
more distance. If we stop, Nagi's ship will have an easy time blowing us up.
So......"

        "So......?"

        "I'm going to take my ship."

        "You're going to take your ship?! What for? Are you going to have
fun with
Nagi or something?"

        "You could say that.....let's just say that I've been in this
situation
before. I'll meet up with you later."

        "Alright, I'll continue toward the Yamagi. Then, I'll tell them to
surrender."

        "Right. See you later, partner."

*****

        "So, the ship's no stopping? Look like I'm going to have to teach
them a
lesson. Ken-Ohki, let's get.....huh?" Nagi sees another ship exiting the
Bebop and heading toward her. "Spike."

*****

        Mihoshi is at the console on the Yamagi, sleeping. After dinner,
everyone
was tired and went to bed. Since Mihoshi was in charge of watching the
console, she was forced to stay in the command room.

        "Zzzz.......Zzzzzzz." Then a message started playing in the console
room.

        "Hello, this is Jet Black. I'm here to collect a bounty and I want
you to
surrender....hello? Is anyone there?'

        "Zzzzz.....Zzzzz," replied Mihoshi.

        "Hello? Are you going to answer or not?"

        "Zzzzzzz.........."

*****

        "Shit!" Spike evaded some more lasers, but he knew he couldn't keep
this
up. He felt shockwave as a missile barely  missed him. Nagi's ship was
powerful and his weapon couldn't do much against its shield. Unless.........

        "Spike, will you admit defeat? I cannot be beaten. I have no desire
to
destroy you."

        "Maybe, but you're not getting that bounty. In fact, my partner is
getting
it as I speak." Nagi froze. Were they really going to get Ryoko first? She
couldn't let them!

        "I'm going to stop you, Spike, then I'll get your partner. Ken-Ohki,
fire
the laser cannon!"

        "Miya!!!" An enormous cannon comes out of Ken-Ohki's hull and starts
humming.

        "Shit! I've got to do this quick!" Spike starts a nosedive toward
the
cannon.

        "What the?! What the hell are you doing!?"

        "I'm going to stop you, Nagi by any means necessary."

        "You're bluffing, you're not the suicidal type. I know you."

        "Maybe, you don't know me that well." As the ship runs toward the
cannon,
Nagi shifts in her seat. Spike would most definitely destroyed. Did she want
to kill him?" Spike drove toward her with increased ferocity. It was getting
close.

        "Damn you, Spike!" Nagi stops the charge and the laser cannon stops
charging.

        "Looks like you believed my bluff and I've got a gift for you."
Spike drops
a bomb on the Ken-Ohki and electromagnetic field encompasses the ship.

        "What the? Ken-Ohki, move forward!" The ship did not move.
"Ken-Ohki!
Spike, what the hell did you do?"

        "I picked up an electromagnetic bomb a while ago. Those bombs cost a
fortune. I'd figure if I would have to use it once, it would have to be on
something important."

        "Go to hell, Spike."

        "I wouldn't worry, the affects are temporary. You'll be able to move
in 12
hours. See you later, Nagi." Spike winks and blazes off toward the bounty.

*****

        "What the hell? Will you answer me?!"

        "Zzzzzzz..........." Jet was getting pissed.

        "Damn you! We are asking you to surrender."

        "Zzzzzzzzzz........" Jet slams his fist on his console.

        "Answer!"

        "Jet?" Jet turns around to find Spike, unscathed from his battle.

        "Spike, how is Nagi?"

        "I took her down and she's going to stay down for a while. So, how
are you
doing?"

        "Hold on." Jet turns his head back toward the console. "Surrender!
Answer
back!"

        "That won't do anything, Jet." Jet turned to Spike who was laughing.
"You're going to have to either fire a warning shot or enter secretly."

        "Well, I might as fire a warning shot. I don't want to damage the
ship so
I'll fire a ship nearby." Jet feels someone leaning on his back and found
Spike.

        "I think we should infiltrate it."

        "Why would we ant to do that?"

        "Because it would be more fun and challenging that way." Jet sighed
at his
partner.

        "You're a lunatic, that's suicidal!"

        "Just my type of challenge." Jet sighed.

        “This is going to be a long wait………”

*****

        "I'm on board."

        "Alright, according to my computer, head
west.......east..........then
north to find the control room. Then you can take control from there."

        "Right. Be back in a flash."

        "Is this necessary, Spike?"

        "No, not really. But it'll get the job done and be fun."

        "Alright, but don't do something stupid."

        "Gotcha." Spike walked through the corridors cautiously. It wasn't
dark,
but he assumed that everyone was asleep. He walked past several rooms and
made a turn. "This is almost too easy......." Then, he heard music. "What
the hell is that?"

        He crept past several more rooms until he found the room with the
music. He
opened the door a little bit to find several women and men sitting in a room
while two girls were singing a duet.

        "What the hell? They have karaoke with them? What kind of ship is
this?"
Spike, looked around the room. He saw Princess Ayeka who was easily
identifiable with her purple hair and Ryoko with her cyan hair on stage.
"There's chunk of my bounty."

        "Now I've got to...." Spike, then felt something on his leg and
found a
furry creature. It was a mix between a rabbit and a…….

        "Miya?" ……cat.

        "What the hell is this thing? Get off!" Spike started shaking his
leg, but
the creature wouldn't let up.

        "Miya!!!"

        "Let go!" The creature then pounced his face, which blocked his
vision.

        "Miya!"

        "Get off, you little.........." Spike finally pulled the creature
off and
he found himself in the room. "Uh.....hi"  One of the girls pulled out a
gun, Ryoko flew up in the air, and Tenchi got his bokken out.

        "My name is Kiyone Mabiki, of the Galaxy Police! What business do
you have
here?"

        "Galaxy Police? But you're a wanted fugitive now.       I'm simply
here to
collect a bounty."

        "A Bounty?"

        "Yep, there's a 500 million woolong reward for the princesses, 20
million
on Ryoko, and an additional 10 million for each accomplice."

        "Well, you're not taking us without a fight." Ryoko shot a beam at
Spike
who dodged it easily.

        "You're the one that Nagi could never catch? Man, I'm not as
impressed as I
thought I would be."

        "Oh yeah, take this!" Ryoko attempts to ram Spike, but Spike calmly
flips
Ryoko into a wall.

        "Ryoko!" Tenchi charges with his bokken and starts fighting Spike.
Spike
calmly dodges the blow as he did with Ryoko before and he finally knocks the
bokken out of Tenchi's hands and grabs it. Then, Spike dropkicks Tenchi and
points the bokken at Tenchi.

        "Tenchi"

        "Oh no, Lord Tenchi!"

        Spike, then felt a prick into his back. "What thE HELL...uh..."
Spike falls
to the ground and behind is a lady in a nurse's costume.

        "Washu!" exclaimed Tenchi.

        "Hehehe...no one can take the power of my medicinal shot!" Two
puppets pop
out.

        "Yeah, Washu....you're the greatest!

        "Washu, you da woman!" Everyone looks at the last puppet and sweat
drop.

        "Sorry, I was trying something new. I didn't want to be clichéd."

******

        "Uhh......what is going on......" He looks up and finds Katsuhito
looking
over him. "What are you doing, old man?" Katsuhito looks at him sternly,
then gets up. Spike gets up and looks around his surroundings. "What is this
place?"

        It was a hospital-type of room, but with bars. " It is a creation of
Washu
and a cell designed to hold you until we can come to an agreement."

        "How about you let me out? My partner is outside and can capture you
anyway. It doesn't matter regardless."

        "Hmm...perhaps, I need to tell you a story of our escapades. My name
is
Yosho...."

*****

        "So, you claim to be the legendary Yosho of the Jurai Empire. Yeah,
right."

        "Hmm....it appears I must prove to you that I'm Yosho. Look, you can
make
up lots of things. There's no way......" Katsuhito calmly takes out a sword
hilt.

        "Recognize this, Spike? As a bounty hunter, even you recognize this
hilt.
Everyone in the galaxy knows of this hilt.

        “What the hell are you talking about? What hilt?”

        “The Myth of Yosho and Kagato.”

        “Look, I want out. The only way you could prove that….” Katsuhito
threw the
tenchiken into Spike’s hands. Spike felt the tenchiken and then looked at
‘Yosho’.

        “This is Jurain, alright. Definitely, of the highest class. So, this
belongs to you…...”

        "Yes, but soon...it will not be mine. The sword will belong to my
grandson
Tenchi. You must understand we must go to Jurai to overthrow this fake
king." Spike nodded silently, the started to head out the door.

        "Alright, I'll give up this bounty. But how do you know that I'll
collect
it anyway."

        "I trust you. You may be a bounty hunter, but like all great martial
artists……..there is honor in you. You have a good soul. Please do not say
anything to the others on this ship. This is something that Tenchi must take
upon unknowingly." Spike nodded again.

        “Well, I’ll be seeing you. Oh by the way, Yosho.” Katsuhito or Yosho
looked
at Katsuhito.

        “The good part of my soul died a long time ago……..”

        “Perhaps, you should look again.”

*****

        Spike walked out of the room stunned and looks at the crowd outside.

        "Are you still going to collect the bounty?" Tenchi said calmly as
Ryoko
and rest of the girls looked at him fiercely.

        "No, this is one bounty that I will give up on and I hope you have
the best
of luck." Spike walks down the hallway toward the airlock, then he puts on
his suit. "Give Nagi, my best regards." He heads out of the Yamagi.

        "Wait, we can't let him go! He was going to capture us!" Ryoko and
Ayeka
were about to go after Spike when Katsuhito steps into their way.

        "No need, he will not interfere into our affairs any further. As for
Nagi,
that's a different issue."

        "What did you talk to him about, Grandpa?" Katsuhito looked at his
grandson
and his glasses shimmered.

        "Something you will understand one day. For it is not your time to
know."
Katsuhito calmly walks away form the group, leaving behind Tenchi and a
bewildered group.

*****

        "Spike? Spike? Damn!" Jet slammed his fist on the table, which split
it in
half.

        "Right here, Jet." Jet turned to find Spike in an unscathed matter
like
before.

        "What happened and where's our bounty?" Spike looked at he looked at
the
leaving Yamagi.

        "There is no bounty. This is one bounty not worth taking."

        "Huh?" Spike walks upstairs to take a bath.

*****

        "Damn you, Spike." Nagi was stuck in her position, unable to go
anywhere.
"I hope you rot in hell, Spike."

*****

A Year Later

Spike's sitting in a bar, waiting for some scotch. "Damn, I want my scotch."
The bartender hands him a scotch and then points at him.

"Hey, you're Spike......the legendary bounty hunter who helped saved the
Jurain Empire!"

"No, I'm...uh...Ryoga Hibiki....you've got the wrong guy."

"Damn, I probably did. Sorry." The bartender turns around to help another
customer.

"Hello Ryoga, how the bounty hunting business?"  Spike looks up to find
Nagi.

"Ah Nagi, it's been a long time, huh? Do you want to kill me for what I
did?"

"No. I think you're punishment's good enough."

"Huh?"

"Who do you think made up those 'rumors' about you helping Tenchi save the
empire?"

"It was YOU?"

"Yep, for any normal person...this is might be an honor. But for you, a
bounty hunter, it's pure misery. It makes you look soft."

"Hmm.....same old Nagi. Saying I’m pissed would be an understatement."

"You screwed yourself by crossing my path. Well, I've got to go. Don't
worry, like all rumors....they wear off. I'm going to get some bounty." Nagi
proceeds to leave, but then stops. " See you, SPIKE." All heads turn to
Spike, who is now wide-eyed. Nagi leaves.

"You're Spike, the nice bounty hunter?"

"You the one that let that Tenchi Maskai guy go save the empire of Jurai?"

"You're the compassionate hunter?"

Spike groaned to himself and he slid to the ground under the questions. He
poured more scotch into his glass.

"Damn you, Nagi."

The End

I know that some parts of this story are already awkward, but once I do a
final revision it should look better.

This is my first time so keep in mind that I'm no professional. In fact,
it's probably awful.
But I haven't seen too many Cowboy Bebop fics out there. It's a kick ass
anime...next to Tenchi Muyo!, of course. I figure that a crossover with
anime like Cowboy Bebop could revitalize some new ideas into the fan fiction
world.

Oh yeah, I haven't finished watching Tenchi Universe so my info about Tenchi
Muyo! could be wrong or very wrong.

E-mail me at Treize_Peacecraft at hotmail.com

See you later Space Cowboy.