Hello! I'm a new addition to the tmffa family!  This is my first ever (but
not my last^_^)fan fic.  First off the legal B.S: I DO NOT OWN TENCHI MUYO
OR
ANY OTHER COPYRIGHTS HAVING TO DO WITH HIM!!!  THIS ALSO INCLUDES DIAS FLAC
OR ANY OTHER CHARACTERS HAVING TO DO WITH STAR OCEAN THE SECOND STORY!!!
[Which I would recomend to RPG fanatics(now that the lawyers are
happy,ahem)]
If you really like my fan fic you can email me at: Brood4ever84@aol.com

the title of this series(yes you heard right series) is "new kid in town"

The scene is in the Masaki residence on an average day(when this happend
Grandpa is Yosho, and Sasami will be Tsunami) Mihoshi and Kiyone were out on
a long patrol, Ryoko was off dozing somewhere, Ayeka was watching soap
operas
while Sasami cooked and Washu experimented, and Tenchi was out tending the
carrot patch so it was little wonder that no one noticed a tall stranger
approaching the house the man stopped a little way's from the front porch
and
said "This like a good place, I'll see if they have any opening's".

    It was reaching a climactic moment in Ayeka's soap opera when suddenly
the doorbell rang "oh shoot! Right when cueball was going to find out if
6stripe was going to pull out of his coma." Ayeka got off the couch
grumbling
about being interuppted to get the door.  When she opened it she was struck
dumb by the sight before her.  At any other time she would have guessed him
to be 5'10" with midnight blue hair and bright red eyes with considerably
strange clothes for an earthling but her attention was immeadetly fastened
on
the very long and apparently very sharp rapier clutched in his left hand.

    Washu was working in her lab on trying to stabalize some crysm ore
fragments when she heard a strange noise.  It at first appeared to be a
defective fire siren somewhat louder and more high pitched then usual but
that theory was soon but to rest as the noise gradualy grew louder and even
more high pitched until it sent every neck hair straining at its follicle.
"WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?!  COMPUTER, TURN THE SOUND BUFFERS TO THEIR MAXIMUM
LEVEL!"  "They already are at there maximum level greatest scientific genius
Washu."  Washu Imeadeatly concluded it must be coming from inside the lab
and
looked around and noticed that the door to her lab stood wide open.  She
lurched up out of her seat and began making her way to the door but as she
put her hand on the knob the sound stopped.  Washu looked around quizzically
and then shrugged saying "well I'm glad that's over, but what caused it?"

    Sasami recovered quickly and looked around to see the kitchen a mess
(the
result of all that glass breaking from the noise) she then got up quickly
and
then went of quickly in search of the source.  She opened the door to the
kitchen and saw that the front door was ajar with Ayeka laying on her back
feet towards it, out cold.  She rushed to Ayeka calling her name when she
heard groaning from outside, she looked out and saw a man looking like he
had
been knocked on his butt holding his ears with both hands.  He got up,
dusted
himself off and looked at Sasami " I suppose your going to try and break my
ear drums too aren't ya?" he said with a grimace.  Sasami snapped out of her
reverie (he wasn't that bad to look at^_^) and said " who are you, and what
did you do to my sister?" "Who I am is only a concern for the master of this
house and as for your sister I merely pushed the door bell and when she
opened it she took one look at me and chose then to begin her opera
practice."

    Sasami was about to reply when she heard a voice calling from the other
side of the house. It was Tenchi "Sasami, I heard a noise and......who is
this?""Greetings sir, my name is Dias Flac (I pronounce it flak) and I wish
to enquire as to the chance of renting a room in this establishment."
Dias's
manner and speech would have done justice to a knight of the round table.
"Nice to meet you but that still leaves 'what happened?'" "Tenchi,Ayeka
opened the door for this man then let out a scream then fainted" "I suppose
that her scream was in regards to this" Dias lifted his hand and showed them
the same sword that Ayeka had seen hilt towards Tenchi.  With a glower on
his
face Tenchi asked "did you swing it at her, or anything?" " no I held it the
same way you see me holding it now" Suddenly a voice rang out from inside
the
house "WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT!?!" Ryoko shouted as she phased through the
ceiling.  She looked out the front door (only noticeing Ayeka,Sasami, and
Tenchi Dias was out of her line of sight) and let out a happy squeal. Before
Tenchi could make any move to defend himself he was locked in Ryoko's tight
embrace and lifted off the ground."Oooh Tenchii! I knew you really loved me
and you just told Ayeka and she fainted from the shock!"  Dias and Sasami
sweatdropped as Washu called from the doorway "Ryoko, did you even notice
that we have a visitor?" Ryoko turned around and looked at Washu "What
visitor?" She noticed Dias as he spoke up " mam, I assure you the only
reason
for your friends unconciousness is that she took one look at the Crimson
Diablos" he showed her his sword" and fainted." Ryoko's face fell as she
lowered Tenchi to the ground.  She phased out which caused Dias to look
around worriedly"I hope I didn't offend her" " na, she just disappointed
come
on in we'll wait for Yosho to come back so we can ask him about this" Dias
nodded picking up Ayeka and setting her on the couch as he went.

    Yosho arrived later that night during the Masaki's mealtime to be
greeted
with the usual scene: Ryoko and Ayeka were fighting on either side of Tenchi
while was growing a sweatdrop that was getting larger and larger, Washu was
typeing something or other while she ate and Sasami ate with Ryo-ohki.
Yosho
then noticed Dias eating calmly but with a look of fierce concentration one
might hope to achieve while trying to read a book at a guns and roses
concert.
"Tenchi is mine!"
"What on this planet would make you think lord Tenchi would want she demon
like you!"
"The same thing that makes you think Tenchi would want a stuck up palace
priss!"
"WHAT!!"
    WIth that comment Ayeka started forming her logs while Ryoko started
powering up an energy blast, Dias from Ayeka back to Ryoko fearfully and
said
"fight?"
"fight"Washu said dryly still eating.
Dias looked at Washu disbleving how calm she is "Kitchen?"
"gas line" Sasami said also still eating
Dias:"outside?"
Yosho:"Bingo"
Tenchi:"on 3..."
Dias: getting up "...2..."
Washu: also standing up "...1..."
Sasami:as above "...0!"

    Dias made several running leaps for the door with the others following
closely behind.  When they made it outside Dias noticed that the others had
brought their food with them, and despite how fast it looked that they were
going they had not spilled so much as a single drop from practice Dias
thought miserably he had barely sat down when he was jolted to his feet by a
huge explosion.  He turned around to see the house as it should be minus one
roof.  Dias heard a whistleing noise and looked up in time to see the roof
crash back onto the house as though undisturbed.  Dias looked at the house
wide eyed and looked at the others who were sipping tea and eating rice
calmly in the grass.  "Happen often?" He asked the others worriedly "pretty
much" said Yosho Dias looked back at the house and thought at least I won't
have to worry about training, no sooner had that thought left his brain then
another explosion knocked him on his butt this time punctuated by a flaming
pillar that leapt through a new gaping hole in the roof.  He looked back at
the others all sitting there calmly, looked back at the house grew a sweat
drop the size of a basketball and asked out loud.

"What have I gotten myself into?"

That ladies and gentlemen is my first everfan fic! I hope you liked it! If
you have any comments my Email is above or you could snail mail at:
1313 Liberty St. Oshkosh WI 54901
or chat live at: 235-6071
(Expect the sequel soon^_^)
Thats it, Ciao, arevidarci,the end,sayonara!
