    The first thing I'm going to do to start this fanfic off right is to
apoligize for taking so goddamn long to write the next segment of New kid in
town. Second,(oh god, I've got to find a computer program that you can use
to
repeat words over and over, cause I'm starting to get real sick of writing
this) I DO NOT OWN TENCHI MUYO OR ANY OTHER CHARACTER REFERENCES I MIGHT USE
IN MY FANFIC'S SO DON'T USE IT AS AN EXCUSE TO SUE ME!  With that, on with
part two!

        Tenchi woke up at about six in the morning on saturdayto the sound
of
an explosion.  He jerked out of bed and said "oh no, Ryoko and Ayeka are
probably fighting again" he fell back on the bed and glanced at the clock"
6:00?  That's too early even for Sasami!"  He looked at the door to the
downstairs wondering, what that noise was from when he heard a voice ring
from outside"FIRE-BIRD SHOCKWAVE!" and another explosion.  He groaned,
floped
back in bed, pulled the pillow over his head and muttered"Dias"

        Dias Flac was the newest edition to the masaki house hold and ( as
far as everyone except for Dias and Kiyone were concerned) was begining to
take Ayekas place as most annoying member of the masaki family[author:Oooo!
I'm going to get some flames for that one!]  A few days after Dias showed up
Kiyone and Mihoshi came home from their mission in space and were introduced
( everyone except Mihoshi [of course] noticed that when Kiyone saw Dias
there
was a rather noticeable sparkle in her eye, and from that point on ,Dias
instead of refering to Kiyone by her name always called her "Madam" or "my
lady".

        Two weeks into his stay Dias asked Washu about building him a
holagraphic combat simulator so he wouldn't, as he put it "grow fat and
flabby from Sasami's cooking", Washu agreed under 2 conditions, 1: call her
little Washu! and 2: let her perform a few experiments on him.

        He made the biggest mistake of his life and agreed to both
conditions(after he was realeased from her lab he was really jumpy around
the
house but he's okay now) Washu set up the program outside,(at Dias request)
and from that point on every day at 4 in the morning Dias would be up
jumping, slashing, hacking, and generaly getting medeavel on any holographic
enemy unfortunate enough to jump out and try to attack him.

sorry for making it so short this time you guys
but I've got alot of homework to do, so if you have any questions or
comments
e-mail me at Brood4ever84@aol.com so Adios!
