An Xover story by Thomas Holmes
Summary: Meet the new, improved Sakuya! And she's in for the fight of her life!
Copyright stuff: Tenchi In Tokyo and other series are copyright Pioneer
Pokemon is copyright Nintendo, Creatures, GAMEFREAK.

Table of Contents: 
Prologue (or: No Need to Steal a Prologue from Majora's Mask)
Chapter 1: Tenchi (not) In Tokyo (or: No Need for Magic)
Chapter 2: Sakuya's Return (or: No Need for a Short Chapter)
Chapter 3: Sakuya's OTHER Secret??? (or: No Need for a Rival)
Chapter 4: Team Rocket Rocks Tokyo! (or: No Need for Jessie and James)

 
Nintenchi! 
(or: No Need for a Power Switch)

Episode 1
Sak's Back! 
(or: No Need for a Comeback)

Prologue
(or: No Need to Steal a Prologue     from Majora's Mask)

On the planet Jurai, there echoes a legend. A legend held dearly by the Royal 
Family that tells of a boy...

A boy who, after battling evil and saving Tokyo, crept away from that land that 
had made him a legend...

Done with the battles he once waged in the frozen city, he embarked on a 
journey. A secret and personal journey...

A journey begun with a beloved and invaluable friend...

A friend with whom he parted ways when he finally fulfilled his heroic destiny 
and left the illusionary     world...



Chapter 1 
Tenchi (not) In Tokyo
(or: No Need for Magic)

(Tenchi against a black background, saying the following paragraph.)
" She said she would remember me.
But that didn't make any sense, because... 
she was just...
a shadow...
But there was a strange object she had given me there...
a triangle... 
with an S..."

(Tenchi in his bedroom.)
Tenchi woke up thinking about Sakuya.
Who wouldn't, in his position?
He unconsciously reached back in his pocket.
And it was still there.
It shouldn't be there, but it was.
The triangle.
Didn't the paper... yes!
(Flashback: Tenchi and Sakuya somewhere in the dream world.)
"Take this and read these words," said Sakuya.
"Sakuya...
enter this triangle...
 and regress to reality!"
At these words the triangle had glowed...
(end of flashback)
"Regress to reality..."
That was the key.
Was it still glowing?
Yes!
And now he saw...
the lock.
He said the words he had learned then...
"Sakuya ... release your lifeforce NOW!"
The room was filled with light...

 Chapter 2    |
Sakuya's Return
(or: No Need for a Short Chapter)


"By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet!"
"I always wanted to say that."
"It's YOU!" said Tenchi.
"Yes, it's me." said Sakuya.
"But... how?" asked Tenchi.
"Actually... I don't know..." said Sakuya.
"Want to watch TV, Sakuya?"
"Sure, Tenchi!"
(Tenchi's living room.)
They flipped through the channels and saw this report:
   	

Chapter 3 
Sakuya's OTHER Secret???
(or: No Need for a Rival)
"The city is being devastated by a strange person calling herself The 
Illusionator. She is looking for a young boy named Tenchi, seeking revenge for 
his defeat of Yugi..." said the anchor. They flipped it off. "WHAT! She's BACK?" 
said Sakuya. "Who? Who's back?" asked Tenchi. He was confused that Sakuya 
actually knew this person. "Yugi's other rejected creations told me all about 
her at the gap between dimensions. (note: Zelda: Ocarina of Time players who 
have the Forest Medallion will recognize this place.) She was one of the most 
hated enemies of all Yugi's creations. She turned rogue and refused to follow 
Yugi's directions, even after she had taught Yugi all her powers..." said 
Sakuya. Suddenly, the tw   ,o heroes were transported to the city.
(The streets of Tokyo. A gigantic "Nintendo" sign is visible in the background.) 
"She's here!" shouted Sakuya, over the strange noise. 
ZEEuuZEEEuuuuuZEEEEEEEEEEEEEE....
Suddenly, there was another bright flash, and The Illusionator appeared. And 
another, and another, and another, until they were surrounded by images of the 
Illusionator. "Well, well, well. Look who's here." said The Illusionators in 
unison. "Two of my greatest enemies, here at once! But how did you get here, 
Sakuya?" "That's none of your business." said Sakuya. "But it's me you want, 
isn't it? Tenchi just beat your creator, and you just got mad enough to attack!"
"Enough back story. Let's get on with it." said the Illusionator clones. So 
Tenchi tried to destroy The Illusionator, but every time he     tried, it was a 
brick wall. She switched places too fast.
"Tenchi, wait! I'll do this." said Sakuya.
"YOU?" said Tenchi.
"What, you think I'm powerless or something? Now, because of some strange 
occurrence, I think I have... ahem... special techniques." hinted Sakuya.
So she shouted    m"ILLUSION...
POWER...
VISION!" She looked around with her special illusionary vision, and waited until 
the real Illusionator was right in front of her, and shouted "ILLUSION...
FIRE...
BALL...
ATTACK!" She held out a hand, and a fireball shot out of it, straight at The 
Illusionator! The Illusionator now went on the attack, sending blocks crashing 
down on them. Sakuya used fireballs to burn up the blocks. "Very creative!" said 
The Illusionator. She then changed to an enormous size. (Insert Mario sound here 
for when you get a Super Mushroom.) So Sakuya shouted "ILLUSION...
SUPER... 
FIRE...
ATTACK!" and sent an enormous star-shaped fire sculpture straight at The 
Illusionator. "SAKUYA used FIRE BLAST." said Tenchi. She went flying really fast 
and kept going into the air. "I'm blasting off again! No wait... for the first 
time!" yelled The Illusionator. (Ding!) And so,    Gonce again, the day is 
saved, thanks to...
The Powerpuff Girls? Too many.
Ash, Misty and Brock? They would be toast!
That interdimensional rift that just opened up right next to Tenchi and Sakuya? 
Interdimensional rifts can't save the day, silly.
Goku? Wrong...
INTERDIMENSIONAL RIFT???
Watch out!!!

Chapter 4 
Team Rocket Rocks Tokyo!
(or: No Need for Jessie and James)
How do I know all this stuff happened?
I was there.
There were actually EIGHT crystals, not seven (the last one was kept by Tenchi 
as well), and when the, in my brother's words, "psycho monkey" stole them, one 
remained, rolled into Washu's lab, into one of her experiments, and into my 
hand. I found out what it was, and instantly went the opposite way, into Washu's 
lab, (grabbing the experimental triangle while I was in there) past all the 
confused people, (I hope    nobody noticed me.) and out. There I lived in 
secrecy until Yugi froze Tokyo (and outlying areas.) I followed Tenchi up to 
Yugi and WHAM!
I accidentally was sent to the dream world too.
I was the one who put the paper with the incantations and the triangle on the 
ground where Sakuya could find them. I carefully researched this idea, and I 
made sure it worked. And it did.
Of course, you know I'd be there to witness Sakuya's first real fight.
But I wasn't thinking it would come to this.
Anyway!
The interdimensional rift had just opened up, and three voices chimed in with 
their famous motto...

"Prepare for trouble, Tokyo!" said the woman.
"Make it double   ù, 'cause here we go!" said the man.
"To protect the world from devastation!" said the woman.
"To unite all peoples within our nation." said the man.
"To denounce the evils of truth and love!" said the woman.
"To extend our reach to the stars above!" said the man.
"Jessie!"
"James!"
"Team Rocket, blast off at the speed of light!" said Jessie.
"Surrender now, or prepare to fight!" said James.
"Meowth! That's right!"
"Oh no! Not..."
"Team Rocket!" shouted the heroes.
"Who'd you expect, King K. Rool?" said James.
"This should be an easy Pokemon battle." said Sakuya.
"But Pokemon don't even exist!" said Tenchi. Jessie and James were confused.
"Well, you thought I di   )dn't exist anymore, and I could. Why can't Pokemon?" 
said Sakuya. She shouted "ILLUSION...
POKE...
BALL...
CREATION," pressed her hands together, and a Pokeball appeared in them. She 
threw the ball, shouting "Go! MEWTWO!" A Mewtwo popped out. "M-M-M-Mewtwo!" 
shivered Jessie and James. So they ran away back into the interdimensional rift. 
Tenchi and Sakuya stepped through the rift, and I followed...



To Be Continued

Preview of Next Episode
Hey, this is Tenchi! On our next episode,  we get to be Pokemon trainers. But 
Butch and Cassidy are wreaking havoc on Pewter City! And where were the rest of 
the gang during all this? All this and more on the next episode of the new 
Tenchi Muyo Fan Fiction Series, Pika Power! (or: No Need for an Ultra Ball)
Looks like we're not going to be home anytime soon.
