An Xover story by Thomas Holmes
Summary: Ganondorf appears and Tenchi must stop him.
Copyright stuff: Tenchi: Pioneer.
Zelda: Nintendo.
Everything else: Nintendo.


Last Time on Nintenchi!
I had slipped away from Tenchi and Sakuya in the Pokemon world and radically 
changed the history of Nint   {endo games. Now Nintendia, all Nintendo games 
have allied under my rule and most of Team Rocket was now good. Tenchi and 
Sakuya became Pokemon trainers, and had their first battle with the local 
representatives of the Bad Guys of Nintendia, or BGN, Butch and Cassidy, the 
only members of Team Rocket that had not received all 151 Pokemon. (Now that 
Gold & Silver are out, I have been allowed to use my cloning machine to 
replicate the new 100 Pokemon for the Rocket Defenders too.) (Note: I made the 
rest of Team Rocket be bad guys again. Why? Because "The Rocket Defenders of 
Nintendia" was a dorky name, "Team Rocket's Rockin'" was out-of-date, and the 
Pokemon TV show is still on. But they aren't technically in the BGN because 
Butch and Cassidy don't trust them. They won't be coming back for a while.) 
Afterward, Tenchi's friends from the real world came to Nintendia through an 
interdi   5mensional rift, and are on their way to Hyrule in...

Nintenchi!
(or: No Need for a Power Switch)

Episode 3
Hyrule Hijinks!
(or: No Need for a Master Sword)

Prologue 1 
Bad Guy Side
(or: No Need for a Seal)

(Strange place in Hyrule)
The mysterious figure moved silently, inching ever closer to the magic lock that 
kept the twisted monster in. She spied an ignorant guard's spear, left 
unattended. She picked it up and slammed it into the lock. The magic spirit of 
the seal released him from the Sacred Realm, and he was ready to take his 
revenge...
on Link!

Prologue 2
 Good Guy Side
(or: No Need for a Ride)

(Torpedopod tube. From my point of view, looking up at holographic screens 
showing the others.)
"WHY did you have to come back? It's going to be so boring! The last time you 
were with us it was a disaster!"    Csaid Ryoko to Sakuya in the torpedopod, 
whizzing its way through the tube.
"You know, I'm getting the strange feeling we're missing something..." said 
Tenchi.

(Tenchi's house. It's empty, except for Kiyone and Mihoshi. Plus Yosho and 
Noboyuki.)
"Tenchi!" shouted Mihoshi.
"Ryoko!" shouted Kiyone.
"Where is everyone?" said Yosho. Suddenly, an interdimensional rift opened up 
right in front of them. (It wouldn't be Nintenchi! without an interdimensional 
rift.) They went through and into Hyrule.
"So what is this place anyway?" said Mihoshi.

(Back in the tube.)
"So what is thi   is place anyway?" said Ryoko as we were speeding through the 
torpedopod tube.
"It's Nintendia, you know, Nintendo, video games..." I said.
"Video games?" asked Sasami.
"Rreoww?" meowed Ryo-ohki.
"Well, it all started with a trainer party..." I said.

(You looking at this fanfic.)
"Shoot!" said you, while staring at the static on your computer screen. "I was 
looking at this episode of Nintenchi, and now all it is is static." Suddenly a 
face appeared on your screen. As unbelievable as it seems, you were staring 
straight at the image of Ryoko!
"Hello, Tenchi fans! And of course Ryoko fans!" she said, winking. "You    're 
probably wondering why I'm here instead of Episode 3 of Nintenchi. Well, it's 
because you don't need to look at this part!" Tenchi's head poked up into the 
picture, saying "No Need for This Part?" "Tenchi, will you get out? I'm trying 
to give a speech here!" yelled Ryoko. "Anyway, you can read all about Nintendia 
in Episode 2. So, once again, here's Ninryoko!" "That's NinTENCHI." said Tenchi. 
"Humph." humphed Ryoko. The image cleared, and you were back, reading this 
fanfic as if nothing had happened. You    hcontinued reading, and the fanfic 
resumed.

(The tube again. Same view as before.)
"... and that's how it happened!" I finished.
The torpedopod screeched to a halt, and a touchscreen came down from above. I 
reached up and pressed "Hyrule." We sped towards Hyrule.
"We're going to Hyrule, everyone." I said. 
"Where's that?" asked Washu.
"I played that game. It's from Zelda." said Tenchi.
"He just got a Nintendo 64." said Sasami.
(Flashback: Tokyo. Tenchi goes into a store. He buys an N64 and some games.
Tenchi's house in the morning. He's playing a game.
Tenchi's house in the afternoon. He's playing another game.
Tenchi's house at night. He's still playing a game.
"Are you STILL in there?" said Ryoko.)
Suddenly, the torpedopod stopped again, and another touchscreen asked whether I 
wanted to go to the Hyrule Pinball Palace (dont ask), or to Hyrule itself. I 
pick    ed Hyrule itself. We went on, until we finally ended up in Hyrule Field.

Chapter 1
 Hyrule Rules!
(or: No Need for Princess Zelda)

(Hyrule Field)
We came out in Hyrule Field. Link ran up to us.
"Good to see you, Tom. Who are these people?"
"I'm Tenchi Masaki." said Tenchi.
"I'm Sakuya Kumashiro." said Sakuya.
"I'm Ryoko. No last name needed." said Ryoko.
"No Need for a Last Name." I said.
"Last Name Muyo!" said Tenchi.
"Last Name Universe!" said Sasami, excitedly.
"LAST NAME IN TOKYO!" shouted Sakuya. 
"Enough! I'm Ayeka..." said Ayeka.
"Last Name The Movie: Last Name In Love!" I muttered.
"And I'm Sasami." said Sasami.
"And I'm Washu, the genius!" said Washu happily.
"Did you HAVE to say you were a genius?" said Tenchi.
"I'm Link, aka the Hero of Ti    me..." said Link.
"Although not anymore. Now he's just Mr. I Went to a Parallel Universe and Saved 
The World from A Falling Moon and a Really Weird Looking Mask and All I Got was 
this Fierce Deity's Mask." said Tenchi.
"Uhh... right." said Link.
"It's a whole new world we live in, do doo do do doo do..." I sang. (The 
Pokemon: The Johto Journeys theme song.)
Suddenly, the OTHER END of that interdimensional rift I was telling you about in 
Prologue 2 opened up. Kiyone, Mihoshi, Yosho, and Noboyuki got out.
"Oh, I totally forgot about you." said Tenchi.
"Who are THESE?" asked Link.
"We're Kiyone and Mihoshi..." said the two detectives.
"Sorceress Sisters!" I said.
"No, that's Twinrova." said Link.
I m Yosho and/or Katsuhito. With all these alternate realities I    ?never can 
seem to remember which... said Yosho, scratching his head. Everyone formed a big 
sweatdrop on their foreheads. (like it would ever be anywhere ELSE!)
 And Im Noboyuki! And in the name of the moon... Wait! Wrong anime show! I 
forgot!  said Noboyuki. Everyone formed an even BIGGER sweatdrop.
"Anyway, let's go!" said Sasami.
So we all went to Kakariko Village. Ryo-ohki visited the windmill and spun 
around a lot. Ryoko freaked out the guy on the roof of a building by passing 
through the roof. "I love to do that!" she said. So we generally had a good 
time, until...

Chapter 2
 The Good, the Bad, and the Tenchi
(or: No Need for a Battle)

Ganondorf appeared! Everyone freaked out and ran away except for Link and us.
"It appears that you wish to face me, boy! Well, you will not defeat me this 
time!" said Ganondorf.
   JHe shot out a ball of light at Link, and the battle began.  Link reflected 
the light balls with his sword, and hit Ganondorf with them. Ryo-ohki decided to 
take action. It transformed into the spaceship and started firing on Ganondorf. 
Link continued to fight. We just stood there on the sidelines.
"Oh, I hope Ryo-ohki doesn't get hurt..." said Sasami worriedly.
"I'll destroy you once and for all!" shouted Ganondorf. Suddenly, Ganondorf was 
beaten by a full-power blast from Ryo-ohki!
"Yes!" shouted Tenchi!
"Oh, Tenchi, I'm so happy!" said Ryoko, hugging Tenchi.
So we made preparations to leave Hyrule, when suddenly...

Chapter 3 
What? GANONDORF is evolving!
(or: No Need for a SECOND Battle)

"It's not... over yet... Link..." gasped Ganondorf. And then, an all-too-
familiar scene happened again. Ganondorf, King of the Gerudos, trans    formed 
into his ultimate form, GANON!
"Now's the time to take action!" shouted Sakuya.
"Right!" shouted Tenchi, taking out his beam sword.
"My first move will be...
ILLUSION...
POKE...
BALL...
CREATION!" shouted Sakuya, creating a Poke Ball.
"I choose you! The only Pokemon that can stand up to Ganon...
MEWTWO!" Sakuya threw the ball, and Mewtwo came out.
"Mewtwo, use your Psywave attack!" she shouted. Mewtwo sent waves of psychic 
energy at Ganon. "Now, Tenchi! Slash the tail! It worked in the game, try it 
here!" Tenchi ran up and slashed at Ganon's tail. Ganon roared and tried to 
slash Tenchi. Tenchi kept trying, but Ganon would not die. Finally, he was about 
ready to give up when a voice called out, "Infuse your sword's power on Link's, 
it's the only way."
"ZE    LDA!" shouted Link.
"I'd better do it...
SWORD...
POWER...
INFUSE!" shouted Tenchi. The beam of light from his sword curved and hit Link's.
"I've got the strength to do it! Let's finish him!" Link ran up and chopped 
furiously at Ganon. The scene from before replayed itself. Zelda and the Sages 
trapped Ganon in the Sacred Realm, and, of course, fired that guard who left his 
spear out.
"Who could have done this? Who wanted Ganondorf back?" said Zelda.

Meanwhile...

The Illusionator was fuming from Ganondorf's defeat.
"I tried to bring him back to destroy Sakuya and Tenchi, but they beat him! I 
must think of another plan..."

Chapter 4 
The Torpedopod Gone Awry
(or: No Need for Departure)

(Torpedopod, again.)
When we all said goodbye to Link and Zelda, we reen   tered a new torpedopod.
"I wonder where we're going next?" said Ayeka.
"The Mushroom Kingdom... WHAT WAS THAT?" I shouted.
An explosion sounded in the tunnel. And down we went.
"We're going to die!" shouted Tenchi.
"Brace yourselves..." said Kiyone. Suddenly, an interdimensional rift opened in 
the hole, and we were taken away to a new world...

To Be Continued

Preview of Next Episode

Ayeka here! We're taking a wild ride. And now the two most similarly-named girls 
in anime join together? Find out what happens next on the next episode of the 
new Tenchi Muyo Fan Fiction Series, Card Captor Sakuya (or: No Need for Another 
Cardcaptor) Our first Departure episode.
