Tenchi still could not get control of the horse as he
rode through the woods.  He clutched desperately at the
animal's mane, but it reared, sending him flying into
the branches of a tree.  He slid to the ground and lay
for a moment, rubbing his head where it had struck one
of the branches.  In the distance, he heard what seemed
to be an argument.  He collected the horse's reins and
peered through the tangle of trees.  In the clearing, he
saw a band of space gypsies and a girl about twelve
years old, with long, bright red hair wearing a hooded
cloak that hung down almost to her ankles.  One of the
space gypsies was trying to take a
strange, metal device from the girl.
        "Give that back!  You'll break it, you idiot!"
the girl cried, her small fingers clutching the device.
        The gypsy only laughed and said, "No way!  We
can use this for spare parts for our space ship," he
wrenched the device free from her hands.  The girl
caught sight of Tenchi.
        "Please," she begged, "help me get it back!
It's a very important invention.  You wouldn't let these
mean, old men rob a cutie like me, would you?" she
pouted.
        The gypsy who had stolen the girl's invention
turned toward Tenchi, "You're the prince of Jurai," he
said.  He quickly dropped the device and approached
Tenchi.  "We could get a nice ransom for you."  He
grinned.
        Tenchi's legs began to shake.  "Let's just talk
this over," he said.  "There's no reason to fight."  The
he mumbled, "I don't need this kind of trouble!"  It was
then that they heard the sound of hoof beats
thundering toward them.  The royal guard appeared
between the trees.  The space gypsies scurried away as
the royal guards broke through the trees into the
clearing.
        One of the guards spoke to Tenchi, "I'm sorry,
your majesty, but we have orders to take you back to the
castle."
        Tenchi sighed.  The girl looked up at
him, "Thank you for saving me from the gypsies," she
said.  "My name is Washu.  You're interesting." Then she
asked, "Do you want to be my guinea pig?"
        "What?" Tenchi replied, confused.
        Washu handed him the strange device.  It was a
thin metal rod with a censor on the end.  As soon as
Tenchi touched it, the device began to beep and flash
wildly.
        "What is this?" he asked.
        "That is my latest invention: a virgin
detector," she declared, "and its reading off the
charts!"
        Tenchi dropped the device, embarrassed.  She
leaned over to pick it up.
        He scratched his head, "You look kind of young
to be all alone in
the woods," he said.
        "I am Washu, the greatest scientific genius in
the galaxy!  I am cute," she smiled at him.  Then she
continued, "So, why is the prince of Jurai being
kidnapped by his own guards?"
        "Prince Tenchi is running away from an arranged
marriage," one of the guards explained.
        "I see," she answered.
         "Washu," Tenchi began.
        "Tenchi," Washu cooed, leaning up against
him, "Do you think you
could call me Little Washu!  At least you will if you
know what's good for you!"
        "Little Washu," Tenchi said, puzzled, "I don't
like to leave you alone in these woods.  And I'm sure my
grandfather would like to meet you. Would you return to
the palace with me?"
"I would be honored," she answered.  She went to her
horse and returned the virgin detector to her
saddlebag.  She swung on to the horse's back with ease
and pulled the hood of the cloak over her head.  It
completely covered her face.  Tenchi clumsily climbed on
the horse he had stolen and they road off, followed by
the royal guards, in the direction of the castle.
        At Souja, Seiryou rested comfortably on a long,
pink couch.  He was drawing the outline of an elegant
ball gown in a sketchpad.  He called out to Ryoko who
was in the other room, "Are your panties too tight?  You
can't pretend to be a courtier!  Do you know the penalty
for a servant who dresses above her rank?"
“First of all," Ryoko replied, "I don't wear panties.
Second, you'd do the same for me and you know it."
"Me, prancing around in fancy clothes at court to buy
back a servant?" he sniffed.
"Why not?  You prance around in dresses here for no
reason at all."
"I meant pretending to be a MALE courtier," he insisted.
"Sure, Seiryou," Ryoko answered caustically.
         "They will never buy it," he warned her. "You
are too blunt.  A lady of the court never speaks the
truth."
"I'm not a lady of the court so I am already a liar,"
Ryoko argued.  Then she said, "I'm coming out and don't
you dare laugh at me."
Seiryou took a small, paper fan out of his pocket.  He
casually fanned himself and said, "Honey, I did that
years ago.  Why would I laugh?"
"No!  Not 'come out' like that, you idiot."  Ryoko
stepped shyly into the room.  She wore a lovely, gold
gown.  The color of the fabric matched her golden eyes
and fell around her body like sunlight.  The
garment had a low neckline that accentuated her bust.
Seiryou stared.
"I know," she began, "the shoes are too big."
"Honey, walk in like that and no one will be looking at
your feet."
    "All this fabric and I still feel naked," Ryoko
complained.
"Then you should feel right at home," Seiryou
replied.  "Now come here, honey and let's see what we
can do with this hair of yours."
He began combing Ryoko's wild hair.  "Just look at these
split ends!" Seiryou remarked.  Then he said,
"Remember, when you go to court, you will be dealing
with a whole crowd of people like Kagato and Ayeka, only
hopefully better dressed.  You keep your head held high
and remember, you are no one's inferior."
As Ryoko was making her way to the castle, Tenchi rode
up to Souja.  He was accompanied by one if horse by its
reins.  Kagato stepped out of the house to greet the
prince. Ayeka and Sasami followed close behind him.
Kagato's eyes rested on Tenchi like the eyes of a
hungry, wild animal, waiting for the right moment to
strike its prey.
 "Why Prince Tenchi, to what do we owe this honor?" he
asked.
"I'm returning your horse," Tenchi explained.
"Oh?" Kagato inquired.
Tenchi scratched his head, "I kind of borrowed it this
morning.  I think I scared one of your servants, a young
girl with a really good arm."  He rubbed his face where
the carrot had struck him.
Kagato frowned, "She's a mute," he said.
"Mute?" Tenchi questioned, "Oh no, she spoke quite
forcefully."
"Oh did she?" Kagato's voice was cold.  "It comes and
goes.  No matter, you are always welcome to anything on
my estate, isn't that right, ladies?" he turned to his
nieces.
Ayeka smiled at Tenchi and curtsied.  "Hello, Lord
Tenchi," she said.
"Oh, hi, Miss Ayeka," Tenchi shifted uncomfortably.
"It is so nice to see you again," she told him, gazing
up at him from her large, amethyst eyes.
"Uh, you too," Tenchi laughed nervously.  He looked at
the younger
girl, "Hi, Sasami!" he said.
"Hi, Tenchi," she replied.  "Have you come here to play?"
"Well," Kagato spoke before Tenchi could answer, "may I
congratulate you on your engagement."
"Th-thank you," Tenchi stammered, "but my future
marriage is still under negotiation."
"Do I take this to mean that you are not betrothed?"
"Oh, is it true?" Ayeka asked hopefully.
    "I don't know, Miss Ayeka.  We will see."  He
sighed.  The guard let the horse off the line and
motioned to Tenchi that it was time to go.
"Please come again, your majesty," Kagato said bowing.
He watched Tenchi through narrow eyes.
"Yes, please do.  Good bye," Ayeka said smiling.
Ryoko dashed toward the castle.  A few men stood guard
at the gate, but they parted as she walked by, letting
her pass.  Once inside, she began to walk more slowly,
holding her head high.  She glanced around at her
surroundings.  She was in a large square.  Crowds of
nobles stood about.  As she looked around, she noticed a
horse-drawn cart supporting a cage made from tree
branches.  The cage held a group of prisoners.  All but
one of the captives were huddled in one corner of the
cage.  They appeared truly miserable.  One prisoner was
in tears and another was repeatedly banging his head
against the branches that imprisoned them. The only
captive not squashed in that corner was a young woman
with bushy blonde hair.  Ryoko heard a familiar voice.
"So I was in the basement of Mater Kagato's house and
it's just filled with so much junk.  Nobody ever goes
down there.  I was looking for some candlesticks and
suddenly I tripped and hit my head and all these old
crates and a chair fell on top of me."
Ryoko looked around at all the nobles again.  She set
her jaw firmly and with her head held high, she made her
way toward Mihoshi.
She could hear Mihoshi's voice growing louder, "I must
have lost consciousness or something, because everything
went black and when I opened my eyes there were two
large white snakes hissing at me.  Well, you can just
imagine how frightened I was.  I grabbed a chair and hit
them but they kept coming back at me.  Then, suddenly
the room was filled with smoke and a little elf with
bright, red hair stood before me."
"Guard!  Please let me out!" one of the prisoners
hollered.
"Excuse me, but I haven't finished my story yet,"
Mihoshi said.
"Please don't interrupt.  Where was I?  Oh yes, well,
then the little elf froze the snakes in mid air.  I mean
they were just hanging in the air frozen.  And then she
touched them and they crumbled.  She must have had magic
powers.  Well, I was still feeling kind of frightened
when she turned and looked at me with green eyes, like a
cat's eyes. She just looked at me.  I guess I fainted,
or maybe she put a spell on me because everything went
black and when I woke up she was gone.  Isn't that
strange?"
"Tsunami give me strength," Ryoko whispered as she
approached the cart.  The driver was just about to leave
when Ryoko grabbed the reigns of the horse.  The animal
reared.
"I have come to pay the debt against that girl!" Ryoko
declared. "She is my servant and I demand that you
release her!"
"Listen, I'd love to be rid of this annoying bimbo, but
she's already been bought and paid for," the driver said
shortly.  He attempted to urge the horse on, but Ryoko
held the reigns tightly in her hand.
    "I have twenty gold coins.  That should be more than
enough for her, and if you don't cooperate, I will take
this matter to the king!"
"It was the king who sold her!" the man argued.  "She is
the property of the royal labor force."
"Property!" Ryoko began to get angry.  “She is not
property, you arrogant jerk!  You can't chain people up
and trade them like possessions! Release her!"
"Get out of my way!" the driver roared.
Suddenly, a voice said, "You dare to raise your voice to
a lady?"
Ryoko looked up to see Prince Tenchi.  He had ridden
into the square while she was arguing with the driver.
Now he dismounted from his horse.  He stared at her for
a moment.  She curtsied.
"Damn," Ryoko thought.  Her heart began to beat faster
and she felt as though she had knots in her stomach.
The prince's eyes studied her face then traveled down to
the low neckline of her gown.  He blushed and laughed
nervously.
"I meant no disrespect, highness," the driver explained
to Tenchi.  "I have orders to take these thieves to be
shipped to Pluto."
Ryoko heard her voice saying, "My servant is not a
thief, and those who are can't help themselves."
"Wh-What do you mean," Tenchi asked her.
"If you allow your people to be grow up uneducated and
in an environment where they are surrounded by crime
from childhood, and then punish them for crimes they
learned in that environment, then what can you conclude,
your majesty, except that you first create thieves and
then punish them."
Tenchi considered this.  He scratched his head, "That's
a good point.  Release the prisoner," he ordered the
driver.
Ryoko curtsied, "Thank you, your majesty."
"Ryoko!" Mihoshi wailed.  The driver opened the door of
the cage and released her.  The other prisoners in the
cage cheered loudly.   Mihoshi fell on the ground and
grabbed hold of Ryoko's ankles.  "Oh, thank you for
saving me!" she sobbed.
"Get up, you bonehead," Ryoko hissed.  "If they find out
who we are, we'll both end up in prison!"  Mihoshi
choked back her sobs and got to her feet.
Ryoko said, "Prepare my space ship at once."
"But you don't-"
Ryoko cut her off, "Just go and prepare my space ship."
She gestured in the direction of the gate and
whispered, "Wait for me by the bridge and don't do
anything stupid."
"Oh, oh, yes of course," Mihoshi replied.  She bowed to
Ryoko and then walked off.
Ryoko turned back to Tenchi.  She curtsied
again.  "Thank you," she said again as she turned to
leave.
"Hey, wait," he began to follow her.  "Don't I know you?"
        "No," Ryoko said.  She kept walking.
        "I thought I knew every courtier in this
province," Tenchi said.
        "Well, you were wrong," Ryoko replied.
        "Do you live around here?" Tenchi continued to
follow her.
        "I'm visiting a cousin."
        "Who is your cousin?" he asked.
        "Uh, she's my cousin, of course," Ryoko was
beginning to feel
desperate.
        Tenchi stepped in front of her, blocking her
path.  "Are you trying to get out of telling me your
name?" he asked.  In all her life, the only man Ryoko
had ever known was Kagato.  At his best he treated her
in a way that was dismissive and cold.  At his worst he
was violent.  But this boy was not any of those things.
He smiled at her.  His eyes were open and kind.
"Please," Tenchi said, "a name, any name."
 Ryoko blushed.  She smiled.  "The only name I can leave
you with is Lady Hakubi."
At that moment, Nobuyuki, on his way to the hot spring
with a white towel tied around his head, hollered to his
son, "Oh, son!  They found you!  Your grandfather wants
to speak with you!"
        "Oh, man!" Tenchi complained.  He turned to
excuse himself, but the young woman was gone.
>From atop the castle wall, Washu watched Ryoko leave.
She had witnessed the entire incident.  Now she smiled
proudly as she watched  Ryoko disappear through the
castle gate.
Yosho sat calmly in the royal drawing room sipping tea.
Nobuyuki was leaning on the windowsill, peering through
a pair of binoculars in the direction of the
hotspring.   The guards lead Tenchi into the room.
Washu followed closely behind him.
"Tenchi," Yosho began, "who have you brought with you?"
        "This is Washu, she is the number 1 scientific
genius in the galaxy."
Washu cut in, "I'm the greatest scientific genius in the
universe."
Yosho frowned.  He said, "I had heard that you died in a
laboratory accident."
"Well, I didn't."  Washu answered mysteriously, but she
did not offer an explination as to where she had been
for the past 17 years
Tenchi continued, "I found Washu in the woods being
attacked by space gypsies.  I thought she could stay
here with us for awhile."
Yosho nodded in agreement.  He said, "Perhaps you can
impart some of your wisdom on my wayward grandson."  He
then turned his attention to Tenchi.  "Tenchi, you will
be restricted to the castle grounds."
"Grandpa, no!" Tenchi protested.
        Yosho calmly reached for the teapot and poured
himself another cup of tea.  Only when he had
accomplished this did he say, "I cannot have you acting
so irresponsibility, you are the crown prince of Jurai."
"I don't care," Tenchi replied.
Yosho took another sip of tea.  "You must learn to
care.  You have been born into the royal family of
Jurai, and with that comes specific obligations.  You
have a power that has not been awakened yet.  It is a
great honor and a great responsibility to rule over the
planet Jurai and learn the secrets of Tsunami.  And you
must have a bride who can suitably help you in these
tasks."
"But Grandpa, I don't want to marry Sakuya.  I heard she
sleeps with a doll of me.  That's just plain creepy!"
Yosho snorted.
"I heard that, too," Nobuyuki said, turning from the
window.
Yosho glared at his son-in-law.  Nobuyuki quickly
returned to his peeping.
Tenchi sighed, "Please, Grandpa, I want my marriage to
be for love.  I don't want it to be a business deal."
Yosho smiled, "Oh, so it's love you seek?"  He was
silent for a moment.  Then he said, "Alright, Tenchi,
let's see if we can reach a compromise.  I let your
mother marry for love, and you can't do much worse than
she did."
"Huh?" Nobuyuki turned around.
        Yosho ignored him and continued, "In five days
we will be having a ball in celebration of Startica.  I
give you till then to find this love you seek.  You will
announce your choice by midnight at the ball, or I will
announce it for you.  Do we have a deal?"
Tenchi nodded.
"Five days to find the one true love of his life.  That
sounds fair."  Washu remarked.  But she smiled.
Back at Soja, Ryoko changed back into her ordinary work
clothes. She was hungry.  She made her way to the
kitchen, but to get there, she had to pass through the
dining room.  Ayeka and Sasami sat at the table playing
cards.
Ayeka looked up when Ryoko entered the
room.  "Somebody's in trouble," she sang.
Oh, I'm sorry, Ayeka, is Kagato angry at you because you
weren't able to seduce Prince Tenchi?" Ryoko taunted.
Ayeka shook with anger.
Ryoko laughed loudly.  She did not hear Kagato softly
creeping up behind her.  She was not aware of his
presence until she felt his fingers close around her
throat.
"You stupid girl," he whispered in her ear.  Ryoko
clutched at Kagato's fingers, but his grip was strong.
She could not breathe.  Kagato threw her into a chair.
She coughed painfully.
"What did I do?"  Ryoko could barely speak.
"Think really hard."
Ayeka and Sasami remained at the table.  Sasami sat
frozen, her eyes filled with tears.  Ayeka looked pale.
Her cards were still clutched in her hand.  She was used
to Kagato verbally abusing Ryoko, and she had seen him
shove or slap the girl many times, but she had never
witnessed violence of this kind.  Now she stared at him,
an expression of uncertainty on her face.
 Sasami coughed.  She caught Ryoko's eye and
mouthed, "The horse."
"Prince Tenchi stole our horse this morning," Ryoko
whispered.
"Very good," Kagato said mockingly.  "That would explain
why he returned it this afternoon.  I will not tolerate
your deceitfulness in my house."
"I did not try to deceive you.  I-"
Kagato cut her off.  "You are completely useless," he
said.  Then he continued, "How dare you let the prince
surprise us.  Years of planning and you almost destroyed
it.  Fortunately,
Miss Ayeka was dazzling.  She and the prince had quite
an interlude."
        Kagato stepped back.  He studied her for a
moment.  Then he grabbed her again, closing his fingers
around her neck.  "The prince said you were forceful.
Is this true?"
        Ryoko gasped, "I called him a horse thief.  I
saw someone stealing the horse.  I didn't know it was
prince.  Please, I can't breathe..."
        Sasami burst into tears.  "No!" she wailed.  She
pushed her chair back from the table and ran out of the
room.  Ayeka remained seated.  She had never put her
cards down and still clutched them in her hand.  Her
knuckles were white.
Kagato released Ryoko.  He began to laugh.  Ryoko sat in
the chair, her whole body shaking.   "Ryoko, my little
slave, you really are common, aren't you?  Calling the
crown prince of Jurai a horse thief!"  He laughed loudly.
But his laughter was interrupted by a loud crash from
the next room.  They heard a voice from the next room
say, "Oops!  Oh, I'm sorry!"
"What's going on out there?" Kagato called out.
Mihoshi entered the room holding two halves of a broken
vase.
"I'm sorry.  It slipped from my hand.  I'll be more
careful next time, I promise."
Kagato stared at her, "What are you doing here?"
"Me?  Well, I'm cleaning, of course.  It's my day to do
the dusting in the sitting room.  That's what I always
do."
Kagato growled, "I sold you, you idiot.  How did you get
back here?"
"Oh," Mihoshi replied, "they let me go."  She
giggled.  "Prince Tenchi saved me as I was just about to
be shipped off to Pluto.  He said that I was to be
released and so I came home."
"Very well," Kagato said icily, "return to your work."
He looked back at Ryoko.  She stared up at him.  She
laid her hand against her throat as though she were
protecting herself.
"You may return to work as well," he told her.
"Thank you," Ryoko whispered.  She slipped out of the
chair and ran from the room.
