No Need for Maverick Hunters

Opening note: This is my first attempt at writing a Tenchi fanfic. My main goal 
is to keep this one short compared to my other fanfics (my Pok,mon/Earthbound 
crossover goes for seven chapter for 40 pages, 41 if my one page of the 
incomplete 7th chapter is included.) This is going to be a Tenchi/Megaman X 
crossover. I am more experienced in the later, but thankfully I.Byrn is there 
for reference.

Disclaimer and Special Thanks: All of the Tenchi series were produced and 
created by Pioneer. Megaman X was produced by Capcom. Special thanks goes to 
I.Byrn, who unknowingly got me into Megaman and Megaman X, as well as knowingly 
got me into anime, and helped me seriously get into writing. Thanks to The 
Tenchi Muyo Fan Fiction Archive for creating a Tenchi Fanfic site, which would 
make me get the motivation to start my own fanfic the same day I found it.
 
Chapter 1: Short-Lived Peace
Note: Events in this part take place near the end of Megaman Xtreme 2.

X and Zero had to cover their eyes as Sigma blew up for the fifth time they had 
to battle him. It had been a hard and tiring battle, but with courage and a 
little teamwork they had managed to retire the fanatical Reploid. 

 The two Maverick Hunters removed their hands from their eyes as the light 
quickly started the fade. On the ground where Sigma had been hovering lay the 
unmistakable resemblance of Sigma's DNA Soul.

Zero walked over to the object and looked down at it. Inside the capsule floated 
what appeared to be the very image of the devastating Sigma Virus. Maybe if he 
destroyed the capsule, Sigma would be no more.

X saw Zero withdraw his energy saber and began to move to stop him. "Don't stop 
me, X!" Zero said, his voice calm and focused. "While the DNA souls we collected 
from the Berkana's Guardians were that of hollowed Reploids, this one is 
definitely Sigma's." X stopped moving, allowing his comrade to destroy the 
capsule.

After he had finished destroying the capsule, Zero stood over its remains. Then 
he turned to X. "We should go. Iris is probably worried that we didn't survive 
the battle with Sigma." X nodded and the two because separate pillars of light 
as they teleported off.

A strange light started to glow from the destroyed soul after they had left. It 
lifted away and shifted into the form of Sigma's hideous head. "Fools," it 
murmured. "I knew you two would come to that conclusion if I created my image in 
that capsule. You just sacrificed an innocent Reploid's life for nothing!" It 
headed for the ceiling of the building. "Now to carry out my next plans." It 
then faded into thin air.

*            *            *

With the Laguz Island Mission completed and most of the Reploids there restored, 
peace should be restored. However, X questioned whether it would last. Knowing 
how the years since he was first discovered went, he knew that the peace was 
temporary, with or without Sigma. What worried him more was whether his comrade 
Zero would become the next Sigma, or, for that matter, himself.

As for Zero, he wasn't focused on whether he would have to fight or not. He had 
asked Iris out on a date after he got back from the mission, assuming it was all 
right with her brother Colonel. He was not only trying to create a stronger 
relationship between himself and Iris, but also trying ease the tensions between 
the Maverick Hunters and the Reploforce. 

Iris' voice over the comm. snapped both X and Zero out of their train of 
thought. "X! Zero! Please respond! This is an emergency!"

X pressed a button next to the wall speaker. "What is it Iris! Are Mavericks 
attacking the base?!"

"No," she replied. "I've just received word from the Space Division. Our 
surveillance satellites in orbit of Pluto, Neptune, and Uranus have been 
destroyed. At last report, there was a fleet of over one hundred ships on a 
course to Earth!"

*            *            *

When the two lead Hunters returned to the base in Southern Japan, they 
discovered that Iris had assembled the required crew for the current situation. 
Douglas the weapons expert was there, as well Marvel from the Space Division and 
about twenty other Reploids in charge various posts across the planet. 

That had been one hour after Iris contacted them. By this time, all but the Mars 
satellite had destroyed the by the invading fleet. X had scrambled all the ships 
he had available into orbit, as well as convinced the Reploforce to stand by if 
they were needed. But his fleet was only fifty small ships, not heavily armed or 
shielded. 

What he didn't know was whom he was dealing with. Was the invasion force 
humanoid or machine? If it was humanoid, then could he convince them not to 
attack? What worried him more is if destroying ships carrying humanoids would 
violate the First Rule of Robotics, even if it were in defense of Earth. 

"The satellite in orbit of Mars has just picked up the invading fleet!" Scanner 
shouted, bringing X back to reality.

"Get as much data as we can," Zero ordered Marvel. "Hopefully, they won't waste 
another shot before-"

"Too late, sir," Marvel said, interrupting Zero in mid-speech. "They just blew 
that one out of the stars."

"Damn," Zero murmured to himself. "Is there anything we can do?"

"They're still too far out of range to get a detailed look at what their 
abilities are," Scanner responded.

"Can we contact them?" X said.

"We have been," Iris said. "But they haven't.wait! I'm getting something!"

"Let's hear it," Zero said.

The room went quiet as Iris brought the message onto the speakers. "This is 
Asuka, the Emperor of Jurai. We have given you exactly 200 years to prepare. 
Surrender or be destroyed."

Everybody in the HQ looked at each other with a confused look. "Iris," X said, 
"contact the Emperor."

"I've got him, sir," she said.

"This is X of the Maverick Hunters," he said calmly. "We have no knowledge of 
the time limit you have imposed upon us, nor do we you of your people, the 
Jurai. Could you please explain-" 

"You're lying," Asuka responded, anger in his voice. "Washu had more than enough 
time to inform you of our existence and how we are going to exact our revenge 
for the murder of the Princesses. You have ten minutes to surrender before we 
decimate your pathetic fleet, as well as anyone and anything on the surface."

"Wait a second!!" X yelled, but his response fell dead. Asuka had cut 
communations.

The HQ was in total silence. Then Zero eventually broke the silence. "Could 
someone explain to me what that lunatic was talking about? Murder of what 
Princesses? And who was that Washu person he was talking about?!"

"That would be me," a voice spoke from the back of the room. Everybody turned to 
see a strange short woman dressed in a strange green suit with long, spiky, dull 
pink hair. "I'm afraid what he's speaking is mostly the truth, and I failed to 
pass the message around to the rest of the world."
