At the Masaki household, Aeka was in her room organizing her many whips and
other sex toys when she heard a knocking at her window.  She quickly hid her
toys under her bed and crept to the window cautiously.  Aeka heard the wind
rustling and began to feel uneasy.  She glanced around her room, but
everything was in its place.  As she turned back to the window, Tenchi burst
through.  Aeka screamed.
    "Lord Tenchi, what are you doing in my room at this hour of the night?"
Aeka asked surprised and hopeful.
    "Hi, Aeka.  How are you?"
    "I'm fine, thank you.  Tenchi," she began innocently.
    "Oh, well, I'm glad.  Listen, your door was locked and I wanted to say
goodnight to my girlfriend, so I thought I'd surprise you by coming in the
window.  Goodnight!" he said giving her a quick peck on the cheek.
    "Lord Tenchi," Aeka continued becoming slightly annoyed, "I was watching
anime on Cartoon Network earlier today, and, well, it got me thinking about
our relationship."
    "Oh yeah?  How's that?"
    "Well, all the good parts were cut out, and it reminded me or us."
Tenchi began to sweat as Aeka moved in front of the window, blocking his
escape.  She continued, "When we first started dating, I thought our
relationship was a definite lime going towards lemon and heading for hentai,
but now we're more like six o'clock in the evening on Cartoon Network."
    "I don't think I follow you, Aeka," Tenchi said.  Aeka wrapped her arms
around her boyfriend and began kissing him.
She slowly inched her hand toward his pants and started to unbutton them,
but
Tenchi pulled away, nervously.
    "Well," he said, "I gotta get going, goodnight!"
    "Oh, Lord Tenchi," Aeka signed disappointed.  Tenchi was already half
way
out the window when she called out hopefully, "Tenchi, why don't we try for
Toonami's Midnight Run?"  She tore open her kimono and flashed her bare
breasts.
    Tenchi's eyes widened with surprise and he cried out as he lost his
footing and fell from the window.
    "Oh dear," Aeka said sadly as she heard Tenchi's body hit the ground
with
a thunk.

    The next day, at Aeka and Tenchi's school, the students were horrified
to
learn of Mihoshi's brutal murder.  The press and police were everywhere.
Everyone was shocked and saddened.  Tenchi, Aeka, Sasami and Kiyone were
sitting outside trying to comprehend how something so horrible could have
happened to their friend.
    Kiyone said, "I came home and found her hanging from the ceiling fan.
At
first I just thought she got her hair twisted in the blades again trying to
turn the light off, but then I realized she was dead."
    "Gee, Kiyone, I'm really sorry," Tenchi said sympathetically.
    "Well," Kiyone replied, "if you want to know the truth, I'm not.  She's
the reason I lost all chance of being promoted and was assigned to this
planet.  She couldn't do anything right and she never left me alone.  I'm
just glad I have the opportunity to go on with my life.  But it was still a
terrible way to die."
    Sasami said, "I feel bad because I have to go back to Jurai tonight and
I
won't be here with all of you.  I miss Mihoshi already."  Tears welled up in
her eyes, but then she caught sight of a familiar figure standing by a tree.
"Hey," she said, "Is that-"
    Aeka clenched her fists and angrily said, "What is that woman doing
here?"
    Sasami yelled, "Ryoko!" and ran towards her.  Ryoko caught Sasami up in
a
bear hug and growled, "Hey kid, how are you?"
    "I'm great, Ryoko, except did you hear about what happened to Mihoshi?"
    "Yeah, I did, that's why I'm here," Ryoko replied.
    "Meow," Ryo Ohki chimed in.
    "Ryo Ohki!" Sasami yelled and embraced the cabbit, Ryoko's spaceship and
pet.
    "Meow, meow!" Ryo Ohki exclaimed happily.
    "Hi, Ryoko," Tenchi said, "It's good to see you again."
    "It's good to see you too, Tenchi," Ryoko purred, embracing him.
    "Excuse me, Ryoko," Aeka cut in, "but what are you doing here?"
    "Hi, Aeka, I'm glad to see you to.  I see you haven't changed at all."
    "It's too bad I can't say the same about you.  Don't you think you're a
little too old now to be wearing such low cut shirts?"  Ryoko grinned and
leaned towards her, revealing quite a bit of cleavage.
    "So what have you been doing, Ryoko?" Tenchi asked, trying to prevent a
fight.
    "She's probably returned to her delinquent ways."  Aeka sneered.
    "No," Ryoko replied, "It just happens that I have a new career, much
more
vicious than space piracy.  I'm a tabloid reporter!  And Ryo Ohki is my
cameracabbit."
    "Meow!" Ryo Ohki agreed.
    "In fact," Ryoko continued, "I've just finished writing a book exposing
all the secrets of the Jurai royal family."
    "How dare you disgrace the Jurai royal family with your lies!  You need
some discipline!"  Aeka shouted in anger.
    "And how do you plan to discipline me?" Ryoko taunted.  The two girls
locked eyes; both of them ready to attack the other one at any moment.  The
tension between them was electric.
    "Well, Ryoko, you aren't here for more than ten minutes and already
you're fighting."  Aeka and Ryoko turned to see Washu, the number one genius
in the galaxy.  "What are you doing back on earth, little Ryoko?"
    "It just so happens that I'm here covering Mihoshi's murder," Ryoko
explained proudly.
    "Anyway," Washu continued, "I just found out that school has been
canceled and I was thinking we should have a party."
    "Oh, a party, I think that's a great idea," Kiyone said.
     "Ryoko," Tenchi said, "you have to come to the party tonight, and if
you
need a place to stay while you're here, we'd love to have you."
    "Thanks, Tenchi, I'd love to." Ryoko said seductively.
    "It'll be great to have you home again," Sasami exclaimed.
    "Meow!" Ryo Ohki chimed in.
    "Well if you must stay at the house, you're not sleeping in my room!"
Aeka angrily declared.
    "Don't worry, princess," Ryoko smiled slyly, "it'll be just like old
times."
