Ep 12 – Startica, Part 1

I finally decided to change this silly header. *snicker*  Anyway, 
everybody knows the copyright information so I'll just forgo that.  
The story is approaching the end.  I predict another 4 chapters, give 
or take 2, and that'll be it.  It's been a lot of fun writing this little 
saga (which is surprising, since I have a hard time writing a 6 page 
term paper!) and I hope you've enjoyed reading it too.  I MAY do 
a second series or continuation of the story, or I may not end this at 
all.  It all depends.  Send all hate mail / fan mail to 
russael@mediaone.net.

Notice!  New Website is going up for the Tenchi fans!  Come 
check it out at http://russael.cjb.net and sign the Guestbook, letting 
me know you were there.  The fanfic will also be posted there, as 
will it be on the TMFFA, AND on www.fanfiction.net.  

	It was black.  It was an inky black like you find at a 
graveyard.  Tenchi lay on the ground, blood trickling from a corner 
of his mouth as he clutched his chest and moaned in intense pain.  
Ryoko was by his side, looking into his eyes that were filled with a 
horror that had only been seen once before.  Tears were running 
out of her own eyes as her sword blazed into existence as she 
lunged at her enemy, swinging wildly and screaming like a rabid 
banshee.
	An instant later, she joined Tenchi on the ground, her eyes 
rolled into the back of her head, no longer showing any signs of 
life.  Tenchi moaned and rolled onto his side, then stared into the 
lifeless face of his beloved space pirate.
	Aeka stood nearby, her forcefield snapping and crackling, 
trying to push back an intense force bearing down on her.  Azaka 
and Kamidake were at her side trying to help, but they were blown 
away by the intense energy.
	The forcefield finally gave out around her and she let out 
a bloodcurdling scream when she was hurled through the Masaki 
house, crashing through wood and plaster with a sickening crunch.  
She fell silent and didn't get back up.
	Yosho lay on the ground nearby, a gaping hole in his 
chest as his face relived the last few seconds of his fate in a 
contorted look of absolute terror.  His glasses were a few feet 
away, shattered.
	Washu was nowhere in sight.  Nobody knew what 
happened to her or where she had gone.  Did she live or die?  She 
vanished without a trace.
	Tenchi somehow returned to his feet and faced his most 
hated enemy, activated the sword Tenchi, and charged with a 
scream of pure insanity.
	He never had a chance.  In a blinding flash of white 
energy, his body was vaporized in an instant, leaving absolutely no 
trace of Tenchi, almost as if he never existed.  Sword Tenchi fell to 
the ground, a red smear on the handle from its former owner.
	Sasami stood defiant as she faced her mortal enemy.  
Trying to summon up all her courage and the power of Tsunami, 
her enemy started laughing.  A cold, evil, heartless laugh rivaled 
only by Kagato.  It spoke to her.
	"The power of Tsunami won't help you.  Now, the House 
of Jurai will die with you."
	Sasami screamed in intense, overwhelming pain as she 
lost her footing and fell onto her back, her cute face twisted into 
horrendous torture, tears pouring from her eyes.
	"Why?!" she screamed.  "What are you doing to us!?"
	Her only answer was another laugh, as it closed in on her, 
concealing her in eternal blackness.

	"Sasami!!  Sasami, wake up!  Wake up!" Russ said with 
urgency, shaking her from side to side.  "Wake up, darn it!"
	Sasami's eyes snapped open as she sat bolt upright in his 
bed, gasping for air and sweating profusely.  Her small body 
shuddered violently as she clamped onto Russ's arm and held it as 
tightly as she could.
	"It's okay now, you're awake."  Russ sat down on the bed 
and pulled the little princess into a protective embrace.  
"Everything will be okay now.  The dream is over."
	"Oh my god, Russ!  It was horrible!" she cried, starting to 
sob uncontrollably, her body wracked with violent shudders.
	Russ squeezed her more tightly, trying to console her in 
the only way he knew how.  "It's okay," he said again.  "It was 
only a dream."
	She sniffled and tried to calm herself down after a few 
minutes, listening to his deep, reassuring voice.  "Thank you for 
waking me up.  I'm sorry that I woke you up though."
	Russ's face pulled into a frown.  "Don't apologize for 
something that's not your fault.  I felt a new, very strong, different 
power start going crazy and that startled me out of sleep.  I never 
felt it before.  Surprisingly, it was from you.  Anyway, I would've 
felt it anywhere in the palace, and I would've come running."  
Sasami's eyes widened considerably as she looked into his face.  
He nodded, and continued.  "Even though I've only known you 
guys for two weeks, I feel like a part of the family already.  And 
being a part of the family, I'd never let anything happen to you or 
anybody.  But anyway, Ryo-Ohki was also trying to wake you up, 
but I guess she is a little too small to be able to do that."
	The cabbit hung her head sadly and let out an apologetic 
meow.  Sasami sniffled and tried to smile, patting the animal on 
the head.
	"It's okay, Ryo-Ohki.  I'm awake now.  And thank you 
for waking me up, Russ."
	"Don't worry about it.  Now, what was this scary dream 
about?  Do you want to talk about it?  Do you think it was caused 
by eating all that junk food before bedtime?" he said with a laugh, 
lightly tickling her under the arm and eliciting a giggle from the 
princess.
	"I get nightmares once in a while, but this one was really 
bad and scary.  I dreamt that everybody was killed by something.  
It was really horrible, and you weren't in it.  However, the enemy 
had said something familiar.  Oh yeah, he said, 'Now, the House of 
Jurai will die with you.'  But it couldn't have been him.  He's 
dead.  We killed him a long time ago."
	"Killed who?" Russ asked, scratching Sasami's back and 
trying to relax her, while scooting a little further onto the bed.
	"His name was Kain.  He was the most vicious, diabolical 
being in existence.  He was extremely powerful and scary too."  
She shivered at the image her mind conjured up.
	Russ scratched his head.  "That name doesn't sound 
familiar at all to me.  What did he do?"
	"It's a long story, but he had gone back into the past to 
kill Tenchi's mother, and we had to go back to try to save her.  We 
did win, but Achika, who is Tenchi's mother, used up nearly all of 
her power to try to defeat him.  It severely shortened her lifespan 
and she died shortly after Tenchi was born."  Sasami hung her 
head sadly.  "Unfortunately, it wasn't enough, and he tried to pull 
us back into subspace with him even after Achika did him in.  We 
had to bring out Washu's Dimensional Cannon to blast him to 
bits."
	"Dimensional Cannon, eh?  Sounds powerful."
	"It was intended for destroying small galaxies."
	Russ resisted the urge to facefault.  "Whoa.  That is a lot 
of power."
	"Yes.  We fired it into the subspace rift right after we 
pulled Tenchi's mom out.  We don't know what happened after 
that because the portal closed."
	"I see.  I'm sure it vaporized him and the area of subspace 
that he was confined in.  Nothing to worry about," he said, giving 
her a reassuring squeeze.  "Don't worry, okay?"
	"Okay."  Letting out a yawn and stretching a bit, she 
looked at the clock on top of the nightstand.  "It's three in the 
morning.  Oh no.  We're going to be so tired when we get up 
tomorrow morning," she complained, fretting again for having a 
nightmare on such a festive occasion.
	"It's okay.  Don't worry about it.  Things like this happen 
from time to time.  Shall I send for some warm milk or do you 
think you'll be okay?"
	She looked up into his face, which was lit by the pale 
moonlight and the thousands of colored lights on the trees.  
Sighing quietly, she lay back down onto the bed.  "I'll be okay.  
Will you be nearby, just in case?"
	Russ smiled.  "I'll be right here on the floor, Sasami.  I'm 
not going anywhere.  I promise.  And Ryo-Ohki will be here too, 
right?"
	The cabbit let out a stern meow and bared her fangs, as if 
waiting for something to challenge her.  Russ chuckled and slid off 
the bed, and lay back down onto his futon.
	"G'night, Sasami."
	"Good night, Russ."
	Russ drifted back to sleep a short time later, but Sasami 
remained awake a little while longer, still frightened from the 
horrid nightmare.

	For the second time since the family's arrival, the light of 
dawn flooded the rooms of the visitors, gracing them with its 
presence.  Again, birds sang their melodious warbling calls, 
rousing people out of their slumber who weren't awakened by the 
bright sunlight.
	Windows were opened, letting in the fragrant warm air, 
the smell of it filling people with excited energy.  The scent of 
flowers and various snack foods wafted through the air, letting 
everybody know that the festival was ready to commence in full 
force.  The shopkeepers were already at their booths, ready to wait 
on the thousands of people who would be walking by.
	The sky was a crystal blue, except for the thousands of 
tiny little tick marks that represented the many ships parked in 
orbit.  As far as the eye could see, not a cloud existed on this fine 
day and made visibility fantastic.
	Back in outer space, the Galaxy Police were still directing 
traffic for the late arrivals, doing their best to find them a place 
where their ship would remain in stationary orbit, but places were 
running thin, and still more vessels continued to arrive.
	Ships that resembled roadsters with flashy paintjobs, 
dozens of Jurai warships, personal Galaxy Police cruisers and 
shuttles, and even a small whitish silver cabbit ship were in line, 
waiting to be shown to a parking place.
	Finally running out of spaces for the waiting vessels 
around the planet, the GP made the decision to park them around 
the two moons that orbited Jurai.  They brought in three huge 
transports to ferry the arrivals and take them down to the planet if 
they didn't want to use their personal shuttles or transports.  
However, at the rate the available shuttle spots were going on 
Jurai, the transports was soon to become the only way to get down 
to the surface.
	The white spaceship was ordered to land on the planet, 
and to take the ship with her since parking was nearly gone.  
Following the designated flight path, the cabbitship passed through 
Jurai's atmosphere and a short moment later, landed at the 
appropriate site.  After teleporting herself off of her ship, it 
morphed back into a furry white cabbit with red eyes and a blue 
collar.  It bounded up to his mistress's side and gave her an 
expectant look, questioning her with a "Shaow?"
	Gleaming red eyes smiled back at him as she began 
walking off into the massive crowd of people, the cape on her 
shoulders billowing out behind her revealing her energy whip and 
gun, and her cabbit began to bound energetically after his owner.

	Yosho stepped out of his bedroom just a moment before 
the servants knocked on his door, with the intention of telling him 
that the empress had summoned everybody to breakfast, and that 
they were there to tidy his room.  Giving the lady a casual nod and 
a smile, he turned down the hall and began to make his way to the 
table.
	He passed by Russ's room, which had a servant outside 
who looked quite agitated, as she balled up her fist and pounded on 
the door.  Taking a moment to watch, the servant waited a few 
more moments before trying the door handle, which was locked.  
She frowned and raised her hand to pound on the door again, but 
Yosho grasped her elbow just before she brought her fist to the 
door.
	Looking on him with surprise, she bowed humbly upon 
recognizing the other Jurian prince.  "Excuse me, your highness," 
she said, turning and preparing to leave.
	"Hold on.  What seems to be the trouble here?" he asked, 
startling the maid.
	"Oh, uh, well, it seems that Russ hasn't woken up.  The 
empress demands everybody's attendance at breakfast, but I can't 
seem to get him to open the door."
	Yosho couldn't help but laugh.  "Don't you have a key to 
go into his room?"
	"We're not supposed to go in there unless he's gone.  It's 
against the rules to barge in on a guest."
	"I see.  Give me the key and I'll wake him up," he told 
her with an impish grin.
	"Yes, my lord."
	Staring after her, he shook his head, not entirely used to 
being treated as royalty.  Thinking back to the aftermath of the 
Kagato incident, he did remember how he indulged himself a bit, 
as many servant women were tending him.  Nobuyuki really 
indulged himself, but he did more checking out of the women in 
comparison as to what they were bringing him.
	However, he really did enjoy being pampered, but 
working for a living also had its own charm, and a much greater 
degree of satisfaction.  Fortunately, this was only a vacation and 
nothing more, or he could get really used to being spoiled.
	His train of thought was interrupted as the maid returned 
with the key to Russ's room.  Taking the key and pushing it into 
the lock, he turned it slowly and the door unlocked itself.
	Opening the door carefully, he peered into the bedroom 
and stopped in his tracks.  The sly, evil grin on his face melted 
away and was replaced with a look of shock, but then that 
transformed into a warm smile.
	Russ and Sasami were both lying on the floor, right next 
to each other, with the blanket underneath Russ's arm and just 
below Sasami's neck.  The little princess was snuggled right up 
against Russ's chest, and his arm was draped over her in a relaxed 
hug.  Ryo-Ohki lay on the pillow right next to Sasami's head.  All 
three of them were still in peaceful slumber, totally unaware of the 
servant's hammering on the door or Yosho's intrusion.
	Whispering something to the maid, she quickly ran off 
once again and returned a moment later with the object of his 
desire.  Carefully taking aim, he pushed the button on the small 
box, causing a bright flash from the bulb and a quiet whining from 
the internal motor of the Polaroid camera.  Taking the photo in his 
hand, he gave the camera back to the maid and she returned it to 
his room.
	They looked so cute together that he didn't want to wake 
them, but he knew he'd have to, or the Royal Family would have 
an absolute fit.  Silently moving across the floor like a skilled 
ninja, he knelt down in front of the sleeping trio and began to 
gently shake all three of them awake.  It took a bit of effort, but 
they eventually started to show signs of life.
	Stretching and yawning, all three of them opened their 
eyes and looked up into Yosho's grinning face, wondering why he 
was there.  A moment later, Russ noticed where Sasami was and he 
withdrew his arm, a slightly confused look on his visage.
	"Good morning, you two.  Breakfast is about to be served 
so you better get going."  Yosho returned to his feet as they both 
sat up and yawned.
	"Thanks," Russ answered, letting out another yawn and 
stretching his arms.  "We'll be there in a few moments."
	Yosho nodded and then left the room, taking the picture 
with him.

	Sasami giggled and looked up into Russ's face.  "Thank 
you for keeping me company last night.  You made me feel a lot 
better and safer."
	Russ put on a sheepish grin and scratched the back of his 
head.  "Sure.  How come you got out of bed last night?  I had no 
idea you were even here with me."
	"I still felt a little scared, but you fell asleep right away.  I 
hope you didn't mind me sleeping here with you," she said, a little 
worried.
	Russ chuckled.  "I don't mind at all.  Do you feel better 
now?"
	"Yes.  I just want to forget about that dream."  Yawning, 
she stretched, then stood up, but flopped back onto the bed.  
"Ohhh, I don't want to get up," she complained.
	Russ imitated her movements and flopped onto the bed 
himself.  "Me neither.  I'm still sleepy.  It's too early."  He started 
laughing as he stretched himself out once more and let out a deep 
groan.
	"Well, I can't be too lazy or mom will get mad," she said, 
sitting up.  However, Russ grabbed the back of her clothes and 
pulled her back down with a playful chuckle.
	"Let's be lazy for a few more minutes.  I still need to 
wake up a little more."
	Sasami giggled and sighed, and stared up at the ceiling.  
"Today is going to be fun.  I can't wait to play the games and stuff 
they have here."
	"Me too.  This is the first time I've been to this planet, so 
everything is new to me."  Russ tilted his head back a bit and 
looked out the window.  Even though everything was upside down, 
he could already see hundreds of people parading the streets, 
stopping at various booths and playing games, doing their best to 
win the ridiculously hard games for one of the various prizes.
	"I liked that anime we started watching last night.  That 
was really neat and funny," Sasami said, turning toward Russ and 
looking on him with her pink eyes.
	"Yeah.  It's pretty crazy.  I watched the second disc even 
though you had fallen asleep.  I had to see what happened next."
	Sasami giggled.  "You're impatient, aren't you?"
	Russ pursed his lips and stuck out his tongue, giving her a 
raspberry.  "Okay, so I am.  Big deal.  Drives me crazy if I don't 
know what happens next."
	The little princess giggled as she sat up once again.  
Suddenly, her senses were overcome with an overwhelming 
ticklish feeling coming from under her arms, as she squealed in 
surprise, then exploded laughing.  Russ was busily working his 
hands around her sides, inflicting hilarious torment, and laughing 
along with her.
	"Stop it," she screamed though her fit of giggling and 
laughing, the tears almost ready to start streaming down her face 
from laughing so hard.  "Please!  We have… to go… eat… 
breakfast!" she shrieked, now trying to get away from Russ's 
hands.
	He clasped her in his arms and gave her a gentle squeeze.  
"Are we awake enough to go eat now?  Or do we need a little more 
torture?" he cackled evilly, but with a huge grin.
	"No more," she panted, wiping her eyes.  "Come on, let's 
go.  I'm feeling a little hungry."
	"Yes, your highness," Russ said, winking at her.  "But we 
should take a shower or a bath before we go to the table.  I need a 
shower from all that exercise yesterday."
	"Yeah, me too.  I'll go back to my room and take a quick 
bath and get some fresh clothes on."
	Russ grinned as he leaned over and sniffed the air over 
her.  "Whew…" he said, pulling his face into a disgusted wrinkle, 
then started laughing.
	She looked up at him in mock horror, then punched him 
in the arm and got up, making her way to the door, giggling the 
whole time.  Russ stood up and followed, opening the door just 
before she opened it herself.  She looked at him and grinned.
	"After you," he invited.  "See you in a little bit."
	Taking the invitation with finesse, she skipped out the 
door and Russ shut it, then quickly turned toward the bathroom, 
shedding his clothing on the way.

	After they both had their shower, they met each other in 
the hallway, and casually made their way down to the Royal 
Dining Hall.  Wonderful smells and the sound of idle chatter came 
from the other side of the door as Russ eagerly pushed it open, 
revealing everybody seated at the table and the food being served.  
Everybody turned their heads toward the late arrivals, but smiled 
and greeted them warmly as they took their respective seats.  
Everyone had a smile from the overwhelming excitement.  
However, Tom was absent.
	As the family dug in to the awaiting breakfast, Aeka 
looked at her little sister, who at present moment was indulging 
herself in her meal.
	"Where were you last night, Sasami?  You never came to 
bed."
	Before she could answer, Yosho cleared his throat and 
slid something across the table to her.  Arching an eyebrow for a 
moment, she accepted the picture and looked at it.  Almost 
immediately her face melted into a warm smile as she looked at 
both Russ, and then Sasami.
	"Aww, you guys are SO cute!" she giggled.  Both Russ 
and Sasami looked at her with blank expressions, wondering what 
in the world she was holding.
	"Let me see that," Misaki asked, reaching over and 
allowing Aeka to hand her the photo.  Her face pulled into utter 
surprise, and then her eyes sparkled as her expression went to pure 
affection.  "Oh my lord, they ARE cute.  Here, look at this, 
Funaho," she said, handing over the photo.
	The empress carefully accepted the image and looked at 
it, and had much the same reaction as everybody else who had seen 
it.  It then began making its way around the table to let everybody 
see the picture.  However, they skipped both Russ and Sasami, not 
wanting them to see what it was just yet.  However, when they 
finished, Russ's impatience got the better of him.
	"Okay, what is that thing you're passing around?" he 
demanded, reaching for the photo that Azaka had, but he pulled it 
away with a sly grin.
	"Should I give it to him, your highness?" he asked.
	"Yeah, let him see it now," she laughed, waiting to see 
what his reaction would be.
	Before he knew it, the picture was out of his hand and 
was now in Russ's.  He looked at it for a few moments, and then 
grinned.  "You're right.  That is cute, isn't it?"  Everybody nodded 
in agreement.  "Sasami fell asleep last night as we were watching 
the anime Tom had given me.  Instead of waking her up, I just let 
her sleep in my bed and I slept on the floor.  However, she had a 
bad dream last night and I guess she felt scared.  No harm done."
	Aeka looked a little worried and decided that she'd ask 
about the dream later, since she knew that when Sasami had horrid 
nightmares, it usually was a warning that something bad was going 
to happen.  However, the only problem with it all was the fact is 
she didn't know when it was going to happen.  But it would be best 
to prepare for the worst if her dream became a reality.
	However, she couldn't help but smile and have a warm, 
fuzzy feeling inside at Russ's generosity.  He was so kind and 
considerate, easygoing and appeared to be happy and fulfilled.  
However, he also had a slight aura of sadness about him too.  
Sasami looked very contented and happy, which was unusual for 
her after having one of those nightmares.  Whatever Russ had done 
the night before had worked wonders, and it gave her a 
wonderfully pleasant feeling.  This was a man unlike any other she 
had ever met.  Not even Tenchi had managed to calm her down as 
much as he had.

	With that, breakfast passed without incident, and once 
they finished, they all met outside on the palace steps, preparing to 
join the masses for the festival.  Maps of the local area were 
handed out, and everybody split up into smaller groups.  Kiyone, 
Mihoshi, and Washu decided to head off together, Tenchi and 
Ryoko went off on their own, Aeka, Sasami, Russ, Ryo-Ohki, 
Misaki, Azaka, and Kamidake formed a rather large group, and 
Nobuyuki, Katsuhito, and Funaho became the last group.  Asuza 
declined any invitation to join in the festivities and returned to the 
palace.
	Just as they were about to disperse, two extremely large 
transports and one smaller one came into view and landed at one of 
the palace landing pads, which happened to be the same one that 
was occupied by Russ's Tie Defender.  Six Tie Advanced 
starfighters escorted the transports, and they managed to find 
spaces to land on the same pad.
	"Looks like Tom has brought down some of his crew to 
enjoy the festivities," Russ said, staring at the gigantic Escort 
Transports and the smaller Assault Transport.
	The massive doors of the transports hissed open, 
revealing nearly a thousand people in each transport, all on various 
decks.  The pilots of the Tie Advanced remained in their fighters, 
preparing to escort the transports back to the Star Destroyer to get 
another load of crew to bring down to the surface.
	People of all shapes, sizes, and colors disembarked from 
the massive transport, and dispersed themselves in the crowd, 
drawing curious stares from many of the native Jurians.  With a 
loud roar, the dual ETRs and the ATR lifted off the pad with the 
six fighters, and proceeded back into the atmosphere.
	"Well, get going, people!  The day has just begun!  
Fireworks will be shown tonight, so make sure to get back here by 
seven o'clock so we can eat, and then we'll go to our special area 
to view the show!" Misaki shouted with much enthusiasm.
	A collective nod, a few departing words, and the four 
groups went their separate ways, ready for a day of fun filled 
activities, and an evening of fireworks and gift giving.

	"So Aeka, where should we go first?" Sasami asked, 
walking beside her sister.  "Should we play some of the games or 
would you like to ride the roller coaster?
	Smiling down at her sister, she shrugged her shoulders.  
"It's up to you, Sasami.  What would you like to do?"
	"I don't know!  There are just so many things to do here.  
I don't know where to begin!" she giggled in delight.
	"Why not start at that booth over there and then make our 
way down the block until we reach the end?" Misaki suggested, 
walking beside Russ.  "That game looks fun."
	Sasami laughed as she ran over to the very tall and wide 
stand, which had a few individuals throwing baseballs, trying to 
win a prize.  A slender young man greeted the princess with a 
warm smile and a humble bow.  The rest of the group came up 
behind her and he greeted them accordingly.
	"Hello there, Princess Sasami," he greeted in a light, soft 
voice.  "Would you like to play the game and win a prize?"
	Smiling widely, she nodded.  "How do I play?"
	"Well, you take this ball here and try to knock down all 
the pins.  You have to throw it hard though, or they won't fall over.  
Here," he said, handing her a ball.  "Take a free shot at it so you 
can get the feel of it.  You get two throws."
	"Thank you."  She accepted the ball as her complexion 
went to full concentration, and a moment later, she hurled the ball 
at the pins, knocking down four of the six targets.  The young man 
handed her a second ball and she threw it with a grunt, knocking 
down one of the remaining two pins.
	"Very good, Princess!  Tell me, is this the first time 
you've done this before?" he asked with genuine enthusiasm.
	Sasami nodded eagerly.  "I've never played this game in 
my life."
	"You have fantastic aim and an excellent throwing arm.  
Would you like to try again?  You can win one of these prizes," he 
said, gesturing to a huge, blue, stuffed bear.  The toy was even 
larger in size than Sasami herself.
	"No thanks," she answered, turning toward Aeka.  "Your 
turn, sister."
	Again, the young Jurian smiled and greeted her 
respectfully.  "Princess Aeka, how are you today?  You get a free 
chance to win a prize," he announced, holding out a ball.
	"It's okay.  I don't really want to play, but Sasami can 
take my turn if she wants," she answered, smiling down at her 
sister.
	"Come on, Aeka!  We've got an entire day to mess 
around.  Please play the game.  It'll make me very happy," Sasami 
encouraged.
	Sighing in resignation, Aeka stepped forward and 
accepted the ball from the young man.  Taking a deep breath, she 
tightened her grip on the ball, brought her arm back, and hurled it 
with all her might at the pins.  However, the end result was 
disappointing.
	Sasami giggled.  "Well, at least you got one of them, but 
now you get a second ball.  Go Aeka!" she cheered.
	Russ was quaking in barely restrained laughter, as he 
muttered comments under his breath, which were just loud enough 
for Azaka and Kamidake to hear.  They both grinned, resembling 
teenagers again.
	Frowning in concentration, she hurled the ball at the 
remaining pins, and managed to knock all but one down.  
Coincidentally, the same pin that Sasami was unable to knock 
over.  A polite round of applause greeted her ears as everybody 
smiled at her, and congratulated her on getting almost all of the 
pins.  She took a step back and smiled, and then noticed that the 
three men of the group were grinning from ear to ear.
	"Who's up next?" Sasami called, looking at Azaka, 
Kamidake, her mother, and Russ.
	Ryo-Ohki stood beside Sasami, and tugged on her sleeve, 
giving her an indication that she wanted to be next.  She meowed a 
couple of times and smiled.
	"Okay, it's your turn, Ryo-Ohki!  Let's see what you can 
do!"
	Giving her a determined meow, she grasped the ball from 
the boy, and without taking aim, she hurled it at the pins, missing 
all of them by a mile.
	"Concentrate, Ryo-Ohki!  Aim at the bottom middle pin, 
and the rest should fall down!" Sasami indicated, pointing at the 
intended target.
	Again, Russ made a smart comment about where the ball 
went, and a round of chuckles went between him and the 
guardians.  Aeka watched them out of the corner of her eye, but 
remained quiet.
	The clerk handed the ball over to the cutest little girl he 
had ever seen, and stepped aside.  Ryo-Ohki's forehead beaded 
with perspiration from concentrating so hard, and when she was 
satisfied that she could do it, she released the ball and threw it at 
the intended target.  However, she only managed to knock over the 
very top pin, a result of tossing it too high.
	"Aww, better luck next time.  Who's next?" the clerk 
asked.
	Misaki stepped forward, and held out her hand.  "I'd like 
a try please."
	Russ leaned forward to both guardians.  "We're in trouble 
now," he muttered, and then began snickering again.  The 
guardians both cracked amused grins.
	"Yes, ma'am.  Here you are," he said, handing over the 
ball.  "Good luck!"
	Winding up and hurling the ball with incredible force, she 
blasted five of the six pins over in one shot, scattering them behind 
the table.  However, the same pin that Sasami and Aeka missed 
still stood.  Accepting the second ball and throwing it, she didn't 
concentrate enough and she missed the pin by the width of a piece 
of paper.
	"Rats!" she shouted, stomping her foot.  "I should've had 
that too."  She then started laughing.  "Anyway, who's up next?"
	The three men who were standing behind everybody else 
simply looked at each other and shrugged their shoulders.  Without 
warning, Kamidake stumbled forward a step, a look of surprise on 
his face.  He turned around and noticed both Russ and Azaka 
quietly snickering, trying to keep from laughing out loud.
	"Alright, which one of you did that?" he asked, mildly 
perturbed.
	They both looked at each other and shrugged their 
shoulders, deciding to keep him in the dark.  Eyeing both of them 
suspiciously, he turned around and noticed everybody else was 
quietly giggling amongst himself or herself.  Giving up, he allowed 
Sasami to hand him a ball and he to approached the booth, where 
the doomed pins were waiting.  Carefully taking aim, he threw the 
ball directly at the bottom center pin, and all the pins except the 
two on the ends fell over.
	"Aw man!  There's no way I can knock both over at 
once."
	"That's because you suck," Russ cackled under his breath, 
causing Azaka to start laughing out loud.  Kamidake stared hard at 
both of them and took a deep breath, relaxing himself a bit.
	"Don't worry about it," Sasami encouraged.  "Just get one 
of the two."
	Kamidake smiled as he accepted the ball again, and he 
threw it at one of the pins.  It fell over with a soft thud, but the 
other pin that everybody else missed remained standing.
	Turning around, he pointed his index finger at his 
counterpart.  "I think it was you who pushed me.  You're up next, 
Azaka."
	Still grinning, Azaka casually walked up to the booth and 
accepted the ball, and hurled it at the pins.  The ball hit the bottom 
middle pin from the right side, and tapped the other pin that 
everybody else missed.  The middle one fell over, but again, that 
same pin remained standing, along with the other one at the other 
side; the same bedposts that Kamidake had.
	Russ raised an eyebrow and didn't make any wisecracks.  
The pin on the end didn't even wobble.
	Looking quite agitated, Azaka accepted the second ball 
and he took careful aim at the pin everybody else was unable to 
knock over, however when he released the ball, his wrist twisted 
slightly and he wound up knocking over the other pin.
	"This game is harder than it looks.  Oh well.  It's your 
turn now, Russ.  Let's see how good your aim is.  Hopefully it's as 
good as your wisecracks."
	"Alright, alright.  I'm coming," he mumbled, approaching 
the booth.  Sasami clapped her hands in encouragement and 
Aeka's smile grew slightly.
	Accepting the ball, he took careful aim between the 
bottom middle pin and the pin everybody else missed.  Winding 
up, he tossed the ball directly on target, however, what happened 
really made everybody's jaw drop in shock.  The ball was perfectly 
aimed, however, the pin everybody else missed didn't fall over, but 
the middle one was knocked out easily.  All the other pins fell 
over, except for the one.
	"What the hell?  I hit it and it didn't fall over?" Russ 
growled.  "Give me the other ball."
	The clerk's forehead beaded with perspiration, as 
everybody else's visage went to angry skepticism.
	Carefully taking aim again, Russ lobbed the ball directly 
on target, and the ball bounced off the pin without so much as 
wobbling it.
	"I knew it!  You cheating prick!" he yelled, a small green 
ball of ki appearing in his hand.  Before anyone could stop him, he 
hurled his ki ball at the pin and it totally annihilated the target, the 
stand, and put a hole through the back of the booth.
	Everybody else glared daggers at the clerk, who was now 
quaking in fear.  "Do you have an explanation for this?" Russ 
asked.  "There are several things I cannot stand or tolerate.  
Cheaters and liars are two of them.  You're lucky I'm in a good 
mood or you'd cease to exist," he snarled, grabbing the clerk by his 
robes and pulling him directly in front of his face, lifting him 
nearly a foot off of the ground with one hand.  Surprisingly, 
everybody else just looked on casually and didn't say a word, nor 
move to stop him.
	Unable to speak, the clerk audibly wet himself.  Russ 
noticed the growing wetness on his robes and the odor of urine 
reaching his nostrils.  Feeling a pang of guilt, he set the horrified 
clerk back down on the ground, and he softened his gaze.  "Do not 
ever cheat anyone.  It's not fair to them, and I'm certain you 
wouldn't want to be cheated either."
	A moment later, Russ felt a strange sensation, and he 
turned toward the group.  A massive crowd of people was staring 
at him and the clerk, and Russ took in a deep breath and sighed.  
"I'm sorry about that, everyone.  Let's go.  This day sure isn't 
starting off nice," he said, looking down at the ground.
	Misaki approached and stood in front of him.  "It's okay.  
This happens from time to time.  It's not your fault.  And I like the 
way you handled the situation anyway.  You scared that man half 
to death, and I think that had a more profound effect on him than 
throwing him in jail."  She smiled and nodded her head to the side.  
"But you did knock over that pin, and therefore, you've won a 
prize!  Which prize do you want?"
	Russ couldn't help but laugh.  "I'll take one of those huge 
bears in green, please."
	A second clerk who was behind the table rushed over to 
the stockpile, grabbed the prize, and trembling, he handed it over 
to Russ, who accepted it with a smile.  "Thank you kindly."
	"Yes… s...s...sir.  You have an n...nice day," he 
stammered out, his forehead drenched in stressed sweat.
	Turning away, he held the bear in front of him, with a 
huge grin on his face.  "This thing is huge.  What am I going to do 
with it for the rest of the day?" he fretted, and scratched his head.  
A moment later, he released the bear and it floated above him, 
almost as if it were possessed.
	Sasami gasped in surprise.  "What did you do?  Is it doing 
that?"
	Russ smiled.  "No.  I'm using something called 
telekinesis to hold it there.  It takes a slight amount of 
concentration and energy to do it, but it doesn't bother me.  Makes 
it easier than holding it the whole time," he explained.
	"Cool!  Can you lift me like that?"
	Without warning, she floated off of the ground with a 
look of surprise, but she calmed down as she came to rest on 
Russ's shoulders.  "How's this?"
	"That's so neat.  Well, let's go!  There are more games to 
play and more things to see!"
	Everybody else smiled as they obeyed the little princess, 
and made their way down the street, looking for a new game to 
play and more prizes to win.

	Off on an adjacent street, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Washu 
were casually walking down one of the shop-filled streets of Jurai.  
Hundreds of thousands of articles of clothing, technology, 
kitchenware, appliances, jewelry, and other popular items of 
interest were arranged outside the front of the shops, all with sale 
and clearance tags.  The doors to the shops were wide open, 
intending to invite more customers in the store to browse their 
selection.
	Nearly every store had at least one employee standing on 
the outside, trying to draw attention to their business.  Some were 
ringing bells, others were handing out flyers, and still others were 
on megaphones, shouting out their tremendous deals.
	In the middle of the street, several huge tents were set up, 
and still more merchandise was put out from the surrounding 
stores.  The employees were running around from one end to the 
other, assisting customers whenever they found something they 
wanted.
	The sheer number of people in the street and browsing the 
stores was staggering.  There was never a moment when a person 
was more than ten feet from another.  In the stores and under the 
tents, it was shoulder to shoulder, as they slowly shuffled their way 
around the place.
	"Wow, look at all these people!  I've never seen so many 
in one place before," Mihoshi sighed in awe.  "It's so exciting!"
	"Yeah.  Well, what do you say we do a little shopping, 
and after we finish, we can go play a few games on the next 
block?" Kiyone suggested.
	"Sounds good to me.  I'd like to see what new high tech 
gadgets these people have created while I've been away.  It sure is 
a lot different than what I remember from the last Startica festival I 
attended."  Washu stopped at a nearby table and began browsing 
the selection of electronic equipment.  Kiyone and Mihoshi stood 
behind her, idly watching Washu's growing interest as she picked 
up a really strange looking object.  It looked like a baseball with a 
large bar through the middle of it, which protruded out both ends.  
The ball itself was directly in the middle of the bar.  Not finding it 
impressive, she set it back down on the table and backed away, as 
two more individuals took her place.
	"What was that thing, Washu?" Mihoshi asked 
innocently.
	"It was a micro energy generator, but I found it to be 
terribly inefficient.  No need to buy junk like that now, is there?" 
she said, grinning.  The shopkeeper, on the other hand, stared at 
her, trying not to be offended by her seemingly superior attitude.  
He kept quiet and turned his attention to another customer who 
approached him.
	"I suppose you're right.  Well, do we need anything 
here?" asked Kiyone, looking down the block, trying to get a better 
view of the shops and tents.
	"Not me."
	"I'm getting hungry," Mihoshi complained.
	"You're always hungry!  Isn't there a day when you don't 
complain about getting hungry?" Kiyone growled.  However, she 
blushed slightly when her own stomach croaked.
	"You were saying?" Washu asked innocently, smiling up 
at Kiyone.
	"I was saying, I'm getting hungry is all," she laughed, 
embarrassed.  "I'm sorry, Mihoshi.  Let's find a restaurant nearby 
so we can chow down.  What are you in the mood for?"
	"Oh, anything is fine, as long as it tastes like Sasami's 
cooking!"
	"I second that!  How about we try that place right over 
there?  It looks like an Earth equivalent of a steakhouse," Washu 
indicated, pointing at a building between a clothing shop and an 
appliance store.  It had a green canopy over the entrance, and a 
well-groomed host stood outside, greeting people as they walked 
in.
	"Looks expensive.  Can we afford to go in there?"
	"Kiyone, come on!  I'm sure you couldn't eat anything 
that didn't taste like Sasami's cooking either.  Besides, we're 
supposed to enjoy ourselves today!" Mihoshi giggled emphatically.
	"We won't be able to enjoy ourselves at all if we don't 
have any money, you know."
	"Don't worry about funds, girls.  I've got us covered this 
time," Washu said, pulling out a credit card.  The photo ID on the 
card was Washu, in her adult form.
	Grinning evilly, she waved her hand over the card, and 
the identification changed to little Washu, almost as if it were 
magic.
	"Washu!  What are you doing?  Where did you get a card 
like that?" Kiyone started.
	"Not to worry.  I've had this card for a long time, but I 
never had a reason to use it.  Most of the time I just make what I 
need, so I have no need to buy anything," she chuckled, looking 
down at the card.
	"But…"
	"Shush.  Come on, let's just go enjoy ourselves," Mihoshi 
interjected.  "Besides, I'm STARVING!"
	Hanging her head in defeat, Kiyone silently trudged 
behind the other two women.

	"Ahhh, that was a nice meal, don't you think?"
	"Even though it wasn't as good as Sasami's cooking, I've 
had a taste for fast food for quite a while.  I'm surprised you like it 
so much Ryoko."
	Both Tenchi and Ryoko were sitting outside a café, which 
had tables, chairs, and umbrellas set outside, so the customers 
could enjoy the weather and eat outdoors.
	After shrugging her shoulders, she wiped her mouth off 
with a napkin.  "What's the big deal?  It's not like it's going to 
make me fat." 
	"I didn't mean it like that, Ryoko," Tenchi groaned, 
rolling his eyes.
	"Oh?  Then how did you mean it?" she said, narrowing 
her own eyes slightly.
	"I'm just surprised, is all.  Nothing more to it than that," 
he said quickly, hoping that she'd drop the subject.
	"Yeah right," she answered, lightly punching him in the 
arm.  "You think I'm going to get all fat and lazy now, don't you?"
	"What?!  Ryoko, what are you talking about?"
	"It's true.  Just admit it," she cried, looking away.  
"You're probably thinking, 'Oh, she's going to get fat from eating 
all that fast food and then she won't be pretty anymore.'  That's 
what you're thinking, isn't it?"
	Groaning, he put his hand to his head and tried to think of 
something that would save him.  "Ryoko, you'll always be 
beautiful to me, no matter how you look," he said, gently turning 
her to face him.  "I mean it.  It's you and me, and that's how it's 
always going to be."  He gave her a gentle kiss on her cheek, and 
pulled her a little closer.
	Letting out a contented little sigh, she turned toward him 
and smiled.  "Do you really mean it, Tenchi?"
	"Yes.  Have I ever lied to you?"
	"Well, no.  At least, not that I can recall."
	"What do you mean, 'not that I can recall'?  I've never 
lied to you, and I'll never start either.  I'm a lot like Russ when it 
comes to lying.  I despise it, and there is no reason for it."  He 
gently squeezed her shoulder.  "But enough of this.  We're 
supposed to be enjoying each other, so can't we leave all our 
troubles behind us, just for today?"
	"Yeah, you're right, Tenchi.  I'm sorry."  Wrapping her 
arms around him and embracing him tightly, she closed her eyes, 
and let out a blissful little sigh.  Feeling Tenchi's arms wrap 
around her as well, she felt so warm, safe, and contented.
	However, her sense of awareness caused several hairs to 
stand up on the back of her neck.  Also, a shadow had moved 
between her and the sun.  Opening her eyes quickly, she instantly 
focused on an individual standing not two feet away.  Gleaming 
red eyes stared down at her from under a black cloak, and an evil 
smile also presented itself.  Two black facial marks could be seen 
clear as day on the left side of her face, and she instantly 
recognized who it was.
	"NAGI!!!!"
	Tenchi was thrown back slightly as Ryoko jumped out of 
his embrace and took up a defensive stance, her forehead instantly 
drenched in perspiration.  Her chair was thrown back several feet, 
and had almost nailed a young couple that was sitting nearby.
	"Hi, Ryoko.  Long time, no see."
	Tenchi whirled around in his seat and faced Ryoko's most 
feared enemy.  "What are you doing here!?  Leave Ryoko alone!"
	"My, my, so protective over our space pirate, aren't we?" 
she cackled gleefully.  "I had no idea you guys were here, but I 
guess my luck decided to bless me today, didn't it?"
	Tenchi scrambled up from his seat and stood in front of 
Ryoko, his eyes narrowing to catlike slits.  He reached under his 
robes, tightened his fingers around the master key, and slowly 
withdrew it, bringing it into plain view.  "Leave us alone.  We have 
done nothing to you, and you even helped us before.  Ryoko has no 
bounties on her head, so you have no reason to continue torturing 
her like this."
	"Tenchi, please get out of the way!  You don't have any 
idea what you're dealing with!" Ryoko said, close to hysterics.  
"Please, just get away from her!"
	Nagi's gaze focused on the trembling space pirate behind 
Tenchi, and she smiled.  "My qualms are with you, not this 
pathetic boy."
	Tenchi stiffened up slightly.  "Why are you still doing 
this?  I don't understand!"
	"Ryoko is the only one to have ever eluded me.  She's a 
stain on my record.  I don't like dirty records, and stains must be 
cleaned," Nagi answered simply.
	Gripping the sword more tightly, he took in a breath 
through clenched teeth.  "All you want is to simply kill Ryoko, 
because she got away from you?"
	"That's right.  I have my own personal score to settle with 
her."
	"Tenchi!!  Please!  Stop it!  Get away from her!  You 
remember what she did last time!" Ryoko nearly screamed, frozen 
with fear.  She made no move to get anywhere near Tenchi, even 
though her mind screamed at her to.
	"I don't care about your own personal vendettas.  Go find 
someone else's head to cash in, or whatever it is you do.  Ryoko 
and I have done nothing to you, so leave us in peace!" Tenchi 
growled, his voice icy.
	"What I don't understand is why you're getting involved, 
boy.  You better stand aside before you become an unfortunate 
casualty," Nagi challenged, moving her cape away from her side 
and withdrawing her energy whip.  "Prepare yourself, Ryoko."
	Without a second thought, Ryoko phased in front of 
Tenchi, her orange ki sword blazing with radiant energy.  She 
quickly shoved Tenchi away from her, but as soon as she did, she 
felt a hot sting on her arm that held the sword.  With a scream of 
surprised pain, the sword vanished and she cradled her fresh 
wound.
	Nagi's purple whip hummed quietly, as she stood some 
ten feet away now.  "I see your reflexes are still quite adequate.  
This shall be an interesting challenge."
	"You leave Tenchi out of this, or I'll be sure and kill you 
this time," Ryoko snarled as she reactivated her sword.
	"I'm ready when you are, Ryoko."
	Before Ryoko had an opportunity to answer, Nagi 
attacked.

	"Not as good as Sasami's cooking, but still good," Russ 
said, patting the little princess next to him.
	Misaki laughed.  "Don't tell me she does all the cooking 
at your place.  You're like a garbage disposal or a bottomless pit.  
I've never seen anyone eat as much as you do.  I'd have to feel 
sorry for her."
	Russ grinned slightly.  "She does a great job, and she 
always makes extra.  When I'm done eating one of her meals, I'm 
full."
	"That's hard to believe," Azaka whispered to Kamidake, 
who tried to keep from laughing out loud.
	"And you three are like peas in a pod," Misaki said, 
pointing at the two guardians and then at Russ.  "Just what do you 
talk about that you guys find so funny anyway?"
	"It's a talent," Russ answered with a cocky grin.  "But 
anyway, I love Sasami's cooking.  Most of the time I'm pretty 
picky, but she always makes everything so tasty and good that I 
can't resist eating everything."
	"Garbage disposals aren't picky either and they eat 
everything," Kamidake whispered to Azaka, who started 
chuckling.  Russ shot both of them a look of death, which caused 
both of them to begin grinning widely.  Aeka giggled quietly 
nearby.
	"Bah.  Everybody is picking on me," Russ pouted.
	"Spoiled sport.  Can give it but you can't take it, can 
you?" Azaka taunted.
	"I can kick your butt and take everything you dish out 
too," Russ answered, balling up his fist and grinning evilly.  "Want 
to…" he stopped in mid sentence, his expression becoming one of 
surprise as he whipped his head to look outside a nearby window, 
his eyes focusing on a single point.
	"What's wrong Russ?" Misaki said, suddenly concerned.
	Without any words, Russ immediately stood up from the 
table, used telekinesis to lift about six different prizes of his, and 
made his way to the exit.  Wondering what the heck was going on, 
everybody also got up and followed.  He stopped outside the door 
on the sidewalk, and continued to stare at the same point.
	"What's wrong?  What are you looking at?" Aeka said, 
pulling on his sleeve.
	Russ began quickly walking toward this unknown source, 
and he quickly picked up to a jog, and then a run.  Everybody 
looked on in confusion, and then took off after him, doing their 
best to keep up with his brisk pace.
	"Russ!  Wait up!" Sasami yelled after him, panting and 
doing her best to keep up with the group.  She sidestepped a 
pedestrian and continued running, nearly tripping on a crack in the 
cement.
	Azaka, seeing the little princesses' plight, scooped her up 
and carried her piggyback style.  Increasing his own speed, he 
quickly caught up with the rest of the group as they struggled to 
keep sight of Russ.
	Ryo-Ohki changed back into a cabbit, and raced alongside 
everybody.  Trying to figure out what could possibly be going on, 
she unconsciously accessed her telepathic link with Ryoko, and 
that instantly told her all that she needed to know.  Meowing like 
crazy, she ran even faster, doing her best to catch up to Russ.
	Running only a few more paces, Russ stopped in the 
middle of the street, watching a fight between two individuals.  A 
few seconds later, the rest of the group caught up to him.
	"What the hell is going on here?" Misaki yelled through 
her panting.  "Who are those people and why are they fighting?"
	Noticing Tenchi on the side, terrified recognition smashed 
through Aeka's head.  "Oh my god, that's got to be Nagi and 
Ryoko!  We have to stop them!"
	"Nagi?  Who the hell is Nagi?" Russ growled, watching 
the battle unfold.
	An orange, stray energy blast zipped toward the group, 
causing the girls to scream in surprise, but Russ smacked it into the 
air.  A storefront exploded from a white energy discharge that 
narrowly missed Ryoko, and the shockwave from the blast nearly 
knocked everybody over.
	"We have to stop them or they'll destroy most of these 
shops!" Misaki shouted.

	A moment later, Nagi's energy whip caught Ryoko's 
ankle as she tried to dodge another blast from her energy rifle, and 
she was flung to the ground.  Moaning in pain, she sat up and 
looked into the hateful eyes of the most feared bounty hunter in the 
galaxy.
	"Looks like I win this round, Ryoko.  Too bad you won't 
be around to go once more."  She slowly brought her rifle up, 
aiming it between Ryoko's eyes.  "I win."
	"NOOOOOOOOOO!!" Tenchi screamed, sprinting 
forward and leaping between the two.  Noticing him out of the 
corner of her eye, she cracked a very slight grin, and pulled the 
trigger.  Sizzling, white-hot energy fired from the end of her gun, 
its accuracy deadly, and its single target becoming two as Tenchi's 
body placed itself between Nagi and Ryoko.
	"TENCHI!!!" Ryoko screamed, horror written over every 
pore of her face, her mind racing.  But it was too late.  A small 
explosion occurred in front of her and encased the two in a cloud 
of smoke.
	Nagi smiled evilly, the adrenaline rush of battle and 
victory coursing through her every vein.  It was finally over.  Her 
most elusive quarry, Ryoko the Space Pirate, was finally lying 
dead at her feet, after so many years of failed attempts.  Too bad it 
wasn't worth anything valuable.  Most people find the taste of 
vengeance bittersweet, but she strangely found it to her liking.  She 
deactivated her energy whip a moment later.
	Watching the cloud of smoke slowly start dispersing, she 
noticed something odd about it.  For some reason, a silhouette of 
someone was standing in the middle of the cloud.  Her smile 
slowly melted away as more of the smoke faded into the air, and 
revealed a man standing in front of both Ryoko and Tenchi, with 
his arm outstretched, and a look of angry determination on his 
visage.
	Ryoko slowly re-opened her eyes and focused on her 
surroundings, and noticed Tenchi slowly getting up from his 
position on the ground.
	"Are you okay, Ryoko?" he asked, his voice shaking.
	"Yes, but what…" she started to say, then stopped.  A 
spiky haired individual was standing in front of her, directly 
between herself and Nagi, dressed in a green karate gi.  His arm 
was outstretched, but it slowly fell to his side as he slowly stood up 
straight.  "Russ?"
	Ignoring her surprise, he stood fast, not moving a muscle 
and glaring at Nagi, who hid her utter astonishment from all the 
onlookers.
	"Who are you and what do you want with my friends?" he 
asked coldly.
	The tip of her rifle was still smoking slightly, as she very 
slowly lowered it.  "Who are you?"
	"I'm a friend of theirs, and you're in trouble for messing 
with them."

	"How did he do that?  Russ was standing right here just a 
moment ago!  How did he get over there so fast?" Misaki said in 
astonishment.  Both guardians had the same exact expression on 
their faces too.
	"I told you mom, he's one of a kind," Aeka answered.  
"Just watch what he does.  Ryoko and Tenchi are both safe now."

	Nagi cracked a very slight grin, as she looked her new 
opponent up and down.  Amazingly, he was very good looking and 
had an extraordinary build.  However, she couldn't figure out how 
he appeared where he did, when he did.  Nobody could possibly be 
fast enough to get in front of a laser beam, so she figured he 
must've been hiding nearby or something.  It was just too 
impossible to believe that this individual is faster than a laser 
beam.
	"This isn't your fight.  Just stand aside and let me finish 
what I've started," she replied, hoisting her rifle up and pointing it 
at Russ, but aiming for Ryoko.
	"I'm afraid it is now my fight.  Back off, or you're going 
to get hurt.  Badly," Russ growled.
	"I doubt that."  Casually, without even thinking about it, 
she pulled the trigger once more on her rifle, and the white laser 
beam shot toward Russ.  However, to her absolute disbelief, the 
laser seemed to bounce off of something and sail into the sky, 
where it dissipated.
	Russ's hand was smoking slightly and was once again 
outstretched in front of him, but didn't have a mark on it.  "Your 
toys are amusing.  Do you want to try again?" he challenged.
	Both Ryoko and Tenchi watched him in awe, as they very 
slowly backed away from him.
	Swallowing a growing lump in her throat, Nagi flipped a 
tiny switch on her rifle, enabling automatic mode.  Pressing the 
trigger and holding it down, her rifle began spewing forth dozens 
of lasers.  However, the accuracy of the rifle was lowered slightly, 
and the beams sprayed a radius of about a foot in diameter at 
twenty feet.
	But what was happening was unreal.  Russ's hand 
appeared in front of every laser beam, blocking their attempts to hit 
Ryoko and Tenchi and smacking all the lasers into the air.  
Releasing the trigger about five seconds later, she no longer hid the 
horror from her face, the sweat running down the back of her neck 
in miniature rivers.
	"Now do you see?" Russ said, his voice stone cold.
	Feeling panic, Nagi once again squeezed and held the 
trigger to her rifle, firing off the white energy like a madman.  But 
once again, all the lasers found their mark in Russ's hand, all of 
which were sent into the atmosphere, and it didn't harm him in the 
least.  A moment later, a slight beeping from her weapon could be 
heard as it ceased firing.
	"Oh shit," she whispered to herself.  "Out of energy."
	Russ lowered his hand and began slowly walking over to 
the bounty hunter, causing her eyes to widen, and her to step back 
a pace for every step Russ made toward her.
	Reaching under her cape, she pulled out a smaller blaster 
she kept hidden there and fired it at Russ's head.  An elegant 
weapon, very small, but extremely powerful, shot off a small but 
potent purple energy ball.  It was her own personal desperation 
weapon, and it had never failed her.  However, again, just as with 
the rifle, it failed to do anything to Russ, who put his hand in front 
of his face and swatted it into the sky, where it fizzled out a 
moment later.
	"What the hell are you?" she screamed, activating her 
whip and casting it at Russ's neck.  Again, just as with the two 
guns, the whip found its mark around Russ's wrist.  Seizing an 
opportunity, she turned the energy of the whip to maximum, 
intending to sever off his hand.
	Radiant purple energy crackled around the energy beam 
and around Russ's wrist, but he just cracked a small, but chilling 
grin.
	"Are you just about finished?" he asked, allowing his grin 
to melt away and be replaced by his poker face as he tightened his 
muscles, causing the whip to arc and fizzle out.
	Immediately deactivating her energy whip, she backed up 
a few paces, and turned to run.  Never before had she encountered 
someone who could do what he was doing.  Sprinting forward 
about two steps and then slamming into what felt like a brick wall, 
she nearly fell over, but she managed to regain her balance.  
Looking at what she ran into in bewilderment, she became even 
more frightened when she saw that the wall she ran into was 
actually Russ.
	"How…" she stuttered, as she leapt back about a dozen 
feet, her energy whip at the ready.
	"You and I are going to have a little talk," Russ said, 
slowly approaching her again.
	"Get away from me, you freak!" she screamed, turning to 
run in the opposite direction.  However, once again, she slammed 
into another very hard obstacle, and this time she did lose her 
balance, and she fell on her backside.  Focusing on what she ran 
into, she nearly screamed in surprise.
	Russ stood not two feet away, his black eyes staring down 
into her eyes like orbs of death.  Before she could react, he brought 
his hand down, placed it around her throat and lifted her to her feet 
effortlessly, but he didn't squeeze.  She wrapped her hands around 
Russ's arm, trying desperately to free herself, but it was like 
gripping a piece of steel.
	"I'm going to be taking her to another part of the planet.  
I'll be back in a little while," Russ called over to Ryoko and 
Tenchi, who were now being surrounded by Aeka, Sasami, Ryo-
Ohki, Kamidake, Azaka, and Misaki.  The crowd of onlookers was 
huge, and all of them looked absolutely astonished.  "Oh!  Could 
you guys take care of all those prizes for me?  Thanks," he added, 
pointing over to the mass of stuffed animals.
	"Don't kill her!" Tenchi shouted, but it was too late.  Russ 
had placed two fingers to his forehead and vanished from sight 
with Nagi, just as Ken-Ohki bounded into view.
	"I wouldn't worry too much.  I don't think Russ would 
kill her.  He's probably going to scare the life out of her though," 
Misaki assured Tenchi.  "But how did he disappear like that?"
	Ken-Ohki immediately recognized Ryo-Ohki, and 
bounded over to her.  Everybody else stared at the white cabbit, 
unsure of what his reaction was going to be.
	The two cabbits greeted each other apparently, and then 
began talking to each other.  About a minute later, Ken-Ohki's 
eyes widened, and he backed up a few paces.  His fur bristled as 
his eyes locked on Ryoko's, and he hissed at her menacingly, 
thinking she was to blame.  Ryo-Ohki continued to talk to him, and 
he calmed down a moment later, but continued to watch the group 
in absolute distrust.  After another barrage of conversation, he 
looked at the group worriedly and sat down, hanging his head and 
repeating his discontentment.
	"Don't worry, Ken-Ohki.  Russ is just going to talk to her, 
and hopefully once he's finished, the fight between Ryoko and 
your mistress will finally be finished.  I'm sure you're looking 
forward to that," Sasami said, smiling at him.
	Still not trusting them, but having no grounds to disprove 
her, he looked at her with sad eyes and, in his own way, asked her 
if she'd be all right.  Sasami smiled and nodded her head, and it 
seemed to relax him a little.
	"He'll probably be back in about a half hour, depending 
on how fast he can convince her to drop this ridiculous war 
between you two," Aeka said, glaring down at Ryoko.
	"Hey!  I didn't do anything!" Ryoko yelled defensively.  
"She just came up on us and attacked the two of us."
	"I'm sure she did.  Trouble follows you wherever you 
go," Aeka snapped.
	"It's true, Aeka.  Stop this fighting right now," Tenchi 
demanded, finally getting to his feet.  He glared hard at Aeka, who 
immediately quieted down and took on an expression of being 
ashamed.
	"I hope Russ will be okay," Sasami said, looking at where 
Russ was a few moments earlier.
	Misaki smiled.  "I'd be more worried about Nagi.  Russ 
can take care of himself."
	"Yeah.  I guess you're right."
	"Well," Misaki began.  "Lets go get you two cleaned up.  
Both of you are a mess, and need fresh clothes.  The rest of you 
can continue doing what you were doing.  I'll be right back with 
these two."  She smiled happily, as if nothing had happened.  "And 
we'll all take Russ's prizes back to his room too."
	"It's okay.  Ryoko and I can find our own way back to the 
palace," Tenchi said, brushing gravel off of his hands.  "No need to 
trouble yourself on our account."
	"Oh, it's not a problem.  Come on, let's go," the empress 
said, taking both of them by the arm and leading them away, as 
they both turned red when they looked at Misaki, and then each 
other.
	"Those two are hopeless," Sasami giggled.

	Calm, peacefulness, and serenity: three things that most 
people strive to have in their life, but few actually achieve.  Some 
find it in blowing away sprites in a video game, others find it in a 
meal, and still others find it in a location, whether it is in a fantasy 
dreamland, or a real place.
	One place that Russ always found greatly appealing was a 
beautiful landscape.  Up on a mountainside, near a stream, 
surrounded by a giant forest, but pushed back far enough to give a 
grand view of the land below, is something that he always found 
peace and calamity in.  Sitting under a tree, with the air 
temperature a pleasant seventy-four degrees, having a light breeze 
blowing, was enough to lull him to sleep or help him forget about 
his troubles.  He hoped that this applied for others as well.
	Appearing in this exact setting with Nagi, he released her 
neck from his iron grip and allowed her to stumble several feet 
away, watching her trip and fall over a root.  No longer glaring at 
her or showing any emotion, he just stood there, watching her, 
thinking she resembled a frightened puppy who was taken from its 
master.
	Nagi, on the other hand, stared at Russ as if he were death 
incarnate, just toying with its prey before he took her life and 
silenced her forever.  She had been in tight situations before, but 
nothing quite as radical as this.  It was the simplicity in which he 
defeated her, not to mention how fast he did it too.  This freakish 
monster was impossible.  How in the universe could someone 
spawn such an individual that had such awesome strength and 
astounding speed?  It went against every law of physics that she 
had known about, which unfortunately, were few and far between.
	Russ continued to watch her, his curiosity piquing as to 
what could be running through her mind.  He knew that she knew 
she was in trouble and that she had lost, and that she was at his 
mercy.  He could almost smell the terror from her, but his ability to 
sense emotions in others was lit up like a Startica Festival tree, and 
it told him exactly what she felt.  Her fear was unmistakable, and 
almost unsettling.  Knowing others that he had battled against had 
fear, but none as deep and rooted as this was.
	Debating with himself, he figured the best way to proceed 
with this talk was to simply not say anything, and let her begin.  
Slowly walking over to a tree, his eyes never leaving hers, he sat 
down under it and leaned his back against the trunk and relaxed, 
letting a very small smile creep onto his lips.
	Nagi's fear almost at the breaking point, she calmed down 
slightly when he moved away from her, however, never taking his 
eyes from hers.  She watched him sit down under a beautiful Jurian 
tree, which resembled a cherry blossom on Earth, with its rose 
colored flowers on the branches and its lush, green leaves.  
However, the trunk was white, like a birch tree.
	Curiosity was starting to get the better of her as she 
watched him relax and rest his back against the trunk of the tree, as 
he continued to watch her, but now he was smiling.  She knew 
running was pointless, as he could easily get in front of her again 
as he did before.  Attacking him was useless, as she had already 
exhausted her supply of weapons.  The rifle should be recharging, 
she knew, but wasn't enough to make a getaway attempt.
	A light breeze ruffled her hair and her cape, and for the 
first time she began to take in her surroundings.  The forest that 
was nearby, the sound of the wind through the leaves, the babbling 
of the small stream that was rushing over and around the boulders 
that littered the riverbed, and the grand view of the land below 
instilled a feeling of peace, albeit very minute.  She could feel the 
breeze making its way around her cape and around her aching 
body, almost as if it were telling her to relax and that there was 
nothing to fear.  Slowly, very slowly, she allowed it to relax her, 
but she never took her eyes off of Russ.
	"What is he waiting for?  Why is he just sitting there?" 
she muttered to herself.  It didn't make any sense.  A few minutes 
ago it looked like he was going to kill her, but now, here he was, 
just as happy and contented as could be under his tree.  Watching 
him intently, she saw him take in a huge breath and let it out 
slowly, relaxing himself further.
	Finally, she couldn't stand it anymore.  "What do you 
want with me!?  Are you going to kill me or not?!" she yelled, 
scrambling up from her fallen position, her body leaving an 
imprint in the short grasses.
	Her only response was a widening grin from Russ.
	"Well?!" she yelled, balling up her fists and preparing for 
a fight, the fear in her subsiding a little more, but being replaced by 
a need to fight or run away.
	Russ slowly closed his eyes and reopened them, his grin 
not faltering in the least, and he made no movements.
	Lowering her fists, she gave up trying to figure him out.  
It made no sense.  However, for some reason, she felt compelled to 
stay and not walk away.  There was just something about him that 
made her calm down a little further, and allowed herself to think 
more clearly.  If he wanted to kill her, he could've done it at any 
time, but he didn't.
	She folded her arms across her chest and continued to 
stare hard at Russ, who continued to grin at her, still in his same, 
relaxed position.  Surveying the immediate area around him, she 
spotted a second tree that was about eight or ten feet away from 
him, of the same species.  She noted his position, which was turned 
only slightly away from that tree, but directly toward her.  Almost 
at that moment, she realized what he was doing.
	"Alright!  You win," she growled, very slowly making 
her way over to the second tree, very tense and ready to fight if he 
attacked her.  Russ's grin turned into a warm smile as he folded his 
hands across his lap, and watched her.
	Nearly a minute later, with her forehead beaded in 
stressed perspiration, she reached the tree across from Russ and 
slowly sat down, her red eyes burning with hate and fear, but a 
slight hint of serenity also presented itself.
	Five minutes passed by in silence, as they continued to 
watch each other, some unspoken message being sent between the 
two.  Finally, Nagi broke the silence.
	"You could've easily killed me back there.  Why didn't 
you?" she asked, her eyes narrowing slightly.
	"I'm not quite that heartless.  Just about everybody 
deserves a second chance," Russ responded.
	"So you can talk," she snapped, as she watched Russ raise 
his hands as if he was being submissive.  "Why did you bring me 
here?"
	"I thought that much was obvious.  We're here alone, in 
total privacy, where the only thing around us is nature.  It can talk, 
but can't understand.  I want you to tell me why you attacked my 
friends.  I don't take kindly to strangers doing that.  But first, 
introduce yourself to me."
	Taken aback by his soft, but deep voice, a few more 
droplets of sweat ran off of her face and fell onto her lap.  Trying 
to find an excuse not to answer, she failed to come up with one.  
He seemed completely genuine, and had no intention of causing 
any more trouble.
	"My name is Nagi.  I'm a bounty hunter," she replied, 
shrugging her shoulders.
	Russ became thoughtful for a few moments.  "Nagi… I 
know I've heard that name before.  I think Ryoko mentioned you a 
couple of times, but she never explained anything about you.  I just 
know you simply by a name, so you have a chance at a different 
first impression with me.  I'll ignore the first one you gave me 
back in the city, if you can show me you're not like that."
	Letting a tiny gasp escape her lips and allowing her eyes 
to widen slightly, she immediately banished her surprise behind a 
scowl.  "What's it to you?"
	"You attacked my friends.  Why?" he said, getting tired of 
beating around the bush, but not leading on to that fact.
	"As I told you, I'm a bounty hunter."
	"I know that.  Does Ryoko have a bounty on her head?"
	Again, caught by his gentleness and bluntness, she shook 
her head.  "No.  Not anymore."
	"Then why did you attack her today, along with Tenchi?"
	"She and I have a long history together.  Let's just say 
that Ryoko was a cause of great chaos and destruction, and she was 
one of the most wanted space pirates in the universe.  The price on 
her head is what I wanted.  However, she was the only prey to ever 
escape me.  But I've always caught up to her again and again.  
Today would've been the last time too if you didn't get in the 
way," she growled.
	"If I didn't get in the way, not one, but two of my friends 
would've been killed, and from what you tell me, without a reason.  
It's murder in cold blood," Russ growled, allowing annoyance and 
a little anger to creep into his voice.  "Why did you shoot at 
Tenchi?"
	"An unfortunate casualty."
	"In other words, you're a ruthless bounty hunter who 
stops at nothing to get her quarry?"
	Again, caught off guard by his uncanny ability to sum up 
a situation in an instant and be so blunt about doing it, she just 
stared at him, and didn't make a sound.
	Russ shook his head.  "This is very unfortunate.  What 
has Ryoko done to you to make you so… bent on killing her?  Has 
she done something to you in the past?"
	"No.  She has simply gotten away from me.  She is the 
only one who has been able to do that, repeatedly.  It has almost 
become a contest of cat and mouse."
	"An interesting way of putting it," Russ answered, 
scratching his head.  "And what happens when this game ends?"
	"Then it ends.  I go on my marry way and forget that I 
ever met her," she responded coldly.
	"Why not end it now, and walk away?"
	Nagi stared at him with her mouth hanging open, as if she 
had never considered that possibility before.  "I can't."
	"Why?  Because of some personal vendetta?"
	"I wouldn't put it so crudely, but yes."
	"Then how would you put it?" Russ asked, placing his 
hands behind his head and crossing his legs.
	"I already explained it to Tenchi.  She's a stain on my 
record.  The one and only blemish that keeps me from being the 
most feared bounty hunter in the known universe…"
	"And once you kill her, you'll attain that status?" Russ 
finished for her.  "Sickening."
	"And who are you to judge me?" she spat.
	"Who are you to kill an innocent?" Russ countered.
	She silenced herself and realized what he was starting to 
get at.  Shaking that feeling, she reasserted herself.  "You can't 
make an omelet without breaking some eggs," she growled.
	"How cliché," came Russ's response.  "Explain it in more 
detail."
	"Tenchi would've been an unfortunate casualty, but that's 
what happens when you hunt a big mouse like Ryoko."
	Russ looked out over the mountainside at the land below, 
the greenery of it all.  The planet looked like it was untouched by 
industry.  Looking back at her, he shook his head.  "Look at this 
place, Nagi.  How do you feel?"
	Her eyes went wide with utter surprise, and she held her 
breath for a few moments, and then released it slowly.  She looked 
out where Russ had a moment ago, and took in the peacefulness of 
it.  It was such a contrast to sitting onboard Ken-Ohki for months, 
or sitting in dirty slum houses or bars waiting for quarry.  
Becoming almost used to hellish conditions, she barely recognized 
her surroundings anymore, since they did nothing to help her 
moods.
	However, this place was different.  It was quiet, unlike the 
spaceports and bars.  It was bright, unlike the darkness of space 
onboard Ken-Ohki.  There were hundreds of thousands of colors, 
unlike the blackness of space.  And it was warm, unlike the 
coldness of space.
	"Have you ever been to a place like this before and stayed 
to enjoy it, Nagi?"
	Startled out of her broadening daydream, she looked at 
him with angry eyes, but Russ could see the sadness behind it.  She 
turned her face away and said nothing.
	"How long has it been since you've been to a place like 
this, where you could forget all your troubles?"
	Nagi shook her head.  "Where are you going with this?"
	"I want to know why you have such a hateful demeanor to 
you.  You're so cold and almost heartless, but I can see a little 
humanity left in you.  I want to see that side of you, to put it 
simply."
	"I'm just as human as you are," she snapped.  "Why don't 
you tell me a little bit about you now?"
	Raising an eyebrow slightly, then taking a deep breath, he 
let it out in a huge sigh.  "My name is Russ, as you have no doubt 
heard.  I'm from a race of people known as Saiyans, or Saiya-jin.  
I'm a warrior.  Nothing more."
	"'Nothing more' he says.  There's got to be more to it 
than that.  How did you fall in with Ryoko and her family?" she 
asked, her eyes widening when she realized what she said.  
Ryoko's family…
	"I'm there to protect them and the Earth, against a foe that 
is almost exactly like me," Russ answered, watching her.
	"What?"  She looked at him in disbelief.  "Another one of 
you is running around?"
	"Kind of.  Except his ambitions is a stark contrast to my 
own.  But yes, he's just as strong and as powerful as I am."
	"That's not possible," she said, glaring at him.  "I can't 
believe it.  I won't believe it."
	"That's entirely up to you, but to be blunt, what I was 
doing with you was absolutely nothing in comparison to what I'm 
capable of.  If you think Azaka and Kamidake are ones not to be 
trifled with, I kicked their butts along with Misaki's yesterday in 
the sparring room.  Three on one, with me under intense gravity."  
Russ smiled, remembering the sparring match from the previous 
day.
	Nagi shook her head as she stared at him.  "How?"
	 "Do you have something that can detect a ki level?"
	Nodding, Nagi produced a small device that vaguely 
resembled a scouter, and placed the unit over her head, allowing 
the small blue lens to cover her right eye.
	Sitting quietly under the tree, Russ watched her fiddle 
with the device, and set it up to fit her head.  Glancing at him 
through the small window, she slowly raised her hand and tapped 
the button to turn the machine on.  He watched Nagi's expression 
as her scouter locked onto his body and began to calculate a level.
	The scouter short-circuited and exploded, causing her to 
flinch in utter horror.  Russ immediately got up from his sitting 
position, crossed the distance between them in less than an instant 
and quickly knelt down near her, looking at her head and her face 
to make sure she was uninjured.
  	"Are you okay?"
	Nagi just stared at him in terror, her eyes wide and her 
mouth agape.
	"Talk about your cheap construction," Russ said, smiling.  
"I wasn't even powered up.  Listen, I'm not here to hurt or harm 
you right now.  Just relax and let's talk, okay?"
	Swallowing a huge lump in her throat, she almost 
couldn't think straight, but somehow, she managed a hoarse, 
"Okay."
	Russ grinned and sat down next to her, Indian style, and 
placed his hands in his lap, making sure to keep a warm smile on 
his face.  "Where shall we begin?"
	For the next three hours, both Russ and Nagi talked with 
each other, sharing thoughts and feelings between each other, but 
neither going very deep, until Nagi began talking on her own.  The 
more she talked, the more she revealed, and Russ listened to it all, 
showing genuine interest.  Finally, even though she didn't know 
why, she found herself revealing more and more about her past, 
and as a result, found it easier and easier to talk to him.  She 
touched on topics of her early childhood, why she became a bounty 
hunter, her vendetta with Ryoko, murders and kills that she had 
done that affected her in ways that only she could describe, her 
parents and what was left of her family, and many other dark 
secrets that she swore she'd keep locked away forever, but found 
that they burst forth, like an uncontrolled avalanche that couldn't 
be stopped.  Several times she found herself babbling like a small 
child, tears on the edges of her eyes, but never falling.  However, 
she totally failed to figure out why she told this stranger, who just 
hours earlier was going to kill her, all that she did.
	Russ sat and listened to it all.  He never had to add 
anything to the conversation, but just listen, and allowed her to 
pour her heart out uninterrupted.  He listened to stories that he 
could relate to, and others that he only fantasized about.  He could 
see why her heart was locked away, and why she had the front that 
she did, but he never challenged it.  They continued to converse for 
another hour or two, or so they thought.  They both lost track of 
time.
	Finally, she looked at him with sad eyes and shook her 
head.  "I'm sorry."
	Russ shook his head.  "Don't be."
	"You aren't… going to tell anyone about any of this, are 
you?" she asked, resembling a child who just told a secret that she 
wasn't supposed to.
	"The only people who will ever know about this is you, 
me, and these trees," Russ said, gesturing to the landscape once 
more.
	Hanging her head, she sniffled once more.  "Thank you."
	Russ smiled.  "It's okay.  Are you still going to try to kill 
Ryoko?  I have to know."
	Nagi looked at him, and he stared back at her with sad 
eyes, and her heart almost broke in two.  Summoning up all her 
courage, her feelings, and her pride, she answered him.  "No."
	"Thank you," he whispered.
	Looking up at him and his warm smile, she felt like a new 
person.  "It's okay."
	"I can understand why you'd still be a bounty hunter.  I'm 
just glad you're going to stop hunting innocents now and stop 
holding a grudge," Russ said, slowly getting to his feet.  The grass 
where he was sitting was completely flat.
	Nagi let out a small laugh, as she watched him return to 
his feet.  And when Russ offered her his hand to help her up, she 
accepted it graciously.  "I take it we're going back there now?"
	"Yeah, unless you'd like to stay a little longer."
	"It's okay.  I think I've said enough for one day."
	Russ grinned.  "Hold on tight to my hand."
	Nagi smiled as she watched him place two fingers to his 
forehead, and watched the landscape fade from view.

	"Oh Mother, you haven't changed a bit," Yosho 
complained, dressed in the fourteenth set of robes Funaho picked 
out for him.  "I've tried on enough clothes for one day.  This is the 
fourth store that we've spent over two hours in!"
	Glaring at her son, she placed the previous pair of robes – 
light blue with gold trim – into a growing pile of other garments 
for her son to wear while he was on Jurai.  "All you dress in is that 
white robe.  It's time you get something new."
	Nobuyuki was also dressed in an odd set of robes – olive 
color with white trim – as he stood next to his own growing 
mountain of attire.
	"Come on, mom.  It's getting late.  The sun has already 
started to set," he complained again, gesturing to the window 
which had bright yellow sunlight filtering in, the sun low in the 
sky.
	"We're almost done, so quit your whining.  You didn't 
like the way I redid the great hall, so the least you can do is let me 
dress you in something nice," she snapped, feeling like Yosho was 
a small child once again.
	"You're embarrassing me!" he hissed, the redness 
flushing his cheeks.  "You look like you're dressing your 
grandfather or something."
	Funaho gave him a look that would've stopped a freight 
train in its tracks, and he immediately looked down at his feet.  
Sighing, she glared at him.  "You never come to visit me, you 
never write, you never call.  It's almost like I don't have a son to 
speak of!"
 	Yosho looked taken aback by her statement, and he hung 
his head in shame.
	Nobuyuki looked at his father in surprise, and shook his 
own head.  "You should talk to your mother more often.  You do 
realize that she's not going to be around forever.  You should 
appreciate your parents," he said, sounding almost as philosophical 
as Yosho typically does.  "I'm fortunate to be able to see you every 
day.  It's too bad I can't see mom anymore though."
	Funaho nodded her head in agreement.  "At least my 
grandson has more sense than some thick-headed boy I have," she 
said, causing Yosho to fret with his new robes.  "Let's pay for this 
stuff and get back to the palace to eat, and then we'll have the 
fireworks show to see."
	"Why don't you ask Washu to help you out with talking 
to your mom more often, Dad?  I'm sure she can help you."
	Yosho shot his son a withering glare, making sure that his 
mother didn't see it.  He gestured with his hand that he'd have the 
thrashing of his life if he kept it up.  However, Nobuyuki grinned 
even wider, as he hefted all of his new clothes into a waiting 
shopping cart, and helped Funaho with Yosho's garments.
	"Dad seems to be embarrassed, Grandma," Nobuyuki 
began, standing next to the empress.  "Why do you suppose that 
is?"
	Catching his drift, she smiled casually.  "He's always 
been like this.  I should tell you about some of the things he did 
while he was a little boy."
	Yosho stared at her in horror, a massive bead of sweat 
appearing on his head.  He dropped down to both knees in front of 
Funaho, clasping both of his hands in front of him.
	"I'm begging you mom.  Please don't," Yosho said, 
sounding desperate.
	Nobuyuki looked at this in great amusement and smiled 
widely.  "Wow.  He must've done some crazy stuff for him to do 
that now, right?" he asked, turning toward his grandmother.
	"You have NO idea," she answered, watching her son, 
who looked like someone who was about to be marched off to 
death and was pleading for his life.  "Come on, and I'll tell you 
about some of it on the way home," Funaho invited.
	Yosho facefaulted and slowly got back to his feet, 
watching the retreating forms of his mother and his traitorous son.  
"I'm doomed."

	"Where is Russ?" Aeka said for the tenth time within the 
last two hours, on her way back to the palace with her group of 
Azaka, Kamidake, Misaki, Tenchi, Ryoko, Ryo-Ohki, Ken-Ohki 
and Sasami.  "He's been gone the whole day.  I'm really worried 
about him.  What if something happened and he's out there with 
Nagi?"
	"Don't worry!  Russ will be okay.  Just relax, Aeka!" 
Sasami said, annoyed.  She reached over and took Aeka's arm, 
giving it a warm squeeze.  "He can take care of himself, although it 
is sweet that you're so worried about him," she added, and then 
giggled.
	Giving an exasperated sigh, she looked at her mother for 
reassurance.  "Mom?"
	"Aeka!  Enough already.  He'll come back when he's 
ready, okay?  You're going to get wrinkles from worrying so 
much."
	Ryoko nearly exploded laughing because she had told 
Aeka the same thing when they ran out of food on the Yagami, and 
she had to go get more.  Instead, she turned a bright shade of pink 
and tried her best not to laugh out loud.  Tenchi noticed Ryoko's 
glee, and he shot her a withering glare that silenced her 
immediately and made her hang her head in shame.  Feeling a little 
guilty, he put her arm around her and held her close, as he kept 
pace behind the princesses.  He then whispered a small apology to 
Ryoko, who smiled in return.
	"Well, it's getting late.  We'll have dinner and then we'll 
watch the fireworks.  After that, we'll do the gift giving part of the 
festival between all of us, and then we should all go to bed, so 
we'll be rested for the last day of the festival," Misaki directed, 
turning her head to look at everybody and to see if they approved 
or not.
	"Sounds good to me.  How come this only lasts two 
days?" Tenchi asked.
	Misaki looked him a little funny, and shrugged her 
shoulders.  "It's tradition.  How long do your holidays last?"
	"Well, there are various ones on Earth that last varying 
periods of time.  Hanukah lasts seven days and Christmas is only 
one day.  Come to think of it, nearly all our holidays are just for 
one day," Tenchi explained.
	"Well, here, Startica is for two days.  Everybody comes 
home at this time and celebrates it with their families.  Everybody 
is in high spirits, gifts are exchanged, and families are reunited at 
least once a year.  It's the best holiday on the planet.  People from 
all around the galaxy come to join us in celebrating it too.
	"It sounds a lot like Christmas back at home.  As a matter 
of fact, we decorate trees like you guys have for Startica, and we 
exchange gifts and presents.  However, not everybody has the 
privilege of coming home on Christmas Eve or Christmas Day.  
It's really unfortunate, and can also create a lot of depression."
	"That's terrible!  Everybody should be able to get 
together for the holidays!" Misaki said angrily, glaring at Tenchi.
	"I know.  But most humans don't see it that way.  Some 
still have jobs to do and have to work on Christmas Day."
	Misaki sighed in disgust.  "I guess I still don't understand 
you humans."
	Tenchi chuckled.  "Most don't.  Half the time, humans 
don't understand humans!"
	Aeka continued to walk beside everybody in silence, 
trailed by the two guardians who continually looked at each other, 
and then at Aeka.  It didn't take long before the put two and two 
together and realized that she was attracted to Russ.
	"Excuse me, your highness?" Azaka began.
	The three members of the Royal family turned and looked 
at him, wondering which one he was referring to.
	"Um, Princess Aeka?"
	Misaki and Sasami both looked at Aeka, and smiled.  She 
slowed down her step, allowing Azaka and Kamidake to catch up 
to her, and she kept pace between the two guardians.
	"Did you want something, Azaka?"
	"Forgive me for prying, but why are you so worried about 
Russ?  You saw what he did to Kamidake and myself yesterday."
	Aeka sighed and looked down at the ground.  "I don't 
know why, but I feel so… so… something when he's not around."  
She laughed and looked at both the knights.  "I know it sounds 
funny, but I'm almost getting used to having him around.  I get 
worried when he disappears for long periods of time."
	Kamidake grinned.  "I wouldn't worry about him.  He's 
one of a kind."
	"I agree with you completely on that one," she said, 
smiling at the red knight.
	"Yeah.  I've never seen anybody eat so much in my life," 
Azaka said, trying to keep from laughing out loud.
	All three of them smiled and chuckled quietly, as they 
rounded a corner and began their approach to the palace.
	"You like him, don't you, Aeka?" Azaka said, after 
overcoming a fit of the giggles.
	Aeka seemed to be caught off guard by the directness of 
his question, but she shrugged her shoulders.  "I like him as a great 
friend right now.  The thing is, I'd like… well, to progress it a little 
further.  The problem is, he doesn't, and has told me he doesn't 
want to.  I want to change his mind, but I don't know how."
	"Hmmm… how do you know?  Maybe he likes you and 
doesn't want to say it."
	Smiling up at the blue guardian, she sighed dreamily.  
"You really think that could be the case?"
	"I think so.  Whenever you enter a room, or look at him, 
he smiles.  I know for a fact that he likes you," Azaka said with 
authority.  "He'd be crazy if he didn't."
	"I think he's crazy," Kamidake said, causing a surprised 
stare from both individuals.  "I think he just feels that you're good 
friends right now.  He may not be ready for a relationship.  You 
could tell us about what went on between you two since you've 
met.  I'd hate to draw conclusions on incomplete data."
	"It's a long story.  But to put it in a nutshell, he told me 
on the first day we met that he wasn't interested in any kind of 
relationship.  After some… circumstances, he then told me that 
he'd think about it after the battle with his nemesis, Zorpheus.  He 
predicted that would take one year."
	"I see.  Has he ever been involved before?" 
	"I don't know.  He told me that he hasn't, and from the 
reactions I saw from Tom, I think he's being honest.  I don't 
understand why anybody wouldn't want to have someone with 
them for the rest of their lives.  It would be so lonely to be by 
yourself all the time.  I'm sure Ryoko could testify to that notion," 
she added, getting a nod from the space pirate.
	"That's probably what he's used to," Kamidake said.  
"Did he say how long he's been alone?"
	Aeka thought a moment.  "He did say that he was alone 
for his entire life.  Hardly any friends, and he spends a lot of time 
by himself training.  At least, I think that's what he said," she 
replied, placing her finger against her cheek, trying to remember if 
she forgot any details.
	"Then he's probably not ready to have someone in his 
life.  But, if he's living with you now, he may just come around 
and realize what he's missing.  He'd find a great woman in you, 
Aeka."
	"Flattery will get you nowhere, Kamidake," she said, 
giving him a wink and a warm smile.  "But thanks for the 
sentiment."
	They all reached the palace steps and began to make their 
way inside.  Aeka looked off into the garden, the only place 
untouched by the festival.  Out of nowhere, Russ and Nagi both 
appeared in the middle of it, in the blink of an eye.  After a quick 
double take, she stopped in her tracks, almost causing Ryoko to 
run into her back.
	"Hey, watch it, your royal low-ness.  What's wrong with 
you?" Ryoko asked, irritated, but then noticed the direction Aeka 
was looking off into.  She turned to look, and saw exactly what she 
was staring at.  Fear flooded Ryoko's face as she gripped Tenchi's 
hand and let out a quick gasp.
	"What's wrong, Ryoko?" Tenchi asked, feeling her grip 
tighten on his hand.  He turned and looked off into the direction 
she was gazing in, and saw both Russ and Nagi, facing each other.  
They were too far off to see their expressions, but they both 
seemed to be okay.
	"It's… Russ…" Aeka said, trailing off in mid-sentence.
	The entire entourage stopped and stared, and watched 
both individuals in the middle of the garden.  After what seemed 
like a minute, both Russ and Nagi turned toward the palace and 
began to make their way over.  Aeka's excitement got the better of 
her as she quickly made her way down the steps and into the 
garden, making a brisk pace down the walkway.  Ken-Ohki saw 
his master, and he shot off like he was fired from a rifle, racing 
directly for Nagi, raising a ruckus with his strange version of a 
meow with Ryo-Ohki calling after him.
	About five feet away from both individuals, he stopped in 
his tracks and looked at both of them.  Both Nagi and Russ smiled 
at him and stood still, but Ken-Ohki glared hard at Russ, hissing 
and bristling his fur.
	"I guess I can't blame him for being pissed at me," Russ 
said, shrugging his shoulders and eyeing the white cabbit.  "Is he 
going to bite me or something?"
	"Ken-Ohki, that's enough.  I'm fine," she told the cabbit, 
and he calmed down instantly, but watched Russ with distrust.  
"Anyway," she said, turning toward Russ.  "I really appreciate you 
listening to everything I had to say.  I have never had a confession 
before.  It felt good, and I want to thank you for it."
	Russ waved his hand and smiled.  "And thank you for 
giving up the chase on Ryoko.  I really appreciate that.  Also, if 
you ever need someone to talk to, I'll be with Tenchi's family for 
the year.  Just let me know a date and time, and I'll meet you 
anywhere you please."
	They both looked at each other and nodded their heads, 
smiled, and then Nagi turned away from him and made her way 
across the field, never looking back, with Ken-Ohki at her side.  It 
wasn't long before Aeka and company caught up to him.
	"You big jerk!" Aeka yelled, getting in his face.  "How 
dare you leave for so long and making me worry like this!"  She 
raised her hand and went to slap Russ across the face.
	Russ saw it coming and he ducked, letting her hand sail 
harmlessly over his head.  However, when he stood back up, he 
gave Aeka a glare that could've curdled milk.  "Since WHEN do I 
answer to YOU?" he snarled, startling Aeka out of her rampage.  
"Don't you EVER make a move to hit me out of anger."
	Aeka's jaw dropped, and she was caught speechless.  
Russ just made a frown and walked past her, making his way to the 
palace just as everybody else caught up to him, as she continued to 
stare at him in shock, her eyes wide and mouth agape, and she 
looked like she just saw a ghost.
	"What are you doing, Aeka?!" Misaki yelled.  "Why did 
you try to hit him?"
	"I… I don't know," she stuttered, looking at her hand and 
the retreating form of Russ.  He walked slowly, his arms dangling 
at his sides with his hands balled up into fists.  Looking at the 
ground in front of him, he hung his head as he walked.  "I just 
reacted out of impulse."
	Misaki grabbed her daughter in a hug.  "I told you, there 
is no need to worry about him now.  At the moment, he doesn't 
answer to anybody, and you have to accept that.  He is who he is."
	Aeka almost looked as if she was going to cry.  "I just 
made a big mistake, didn't I, mommy?"
	Gripping her daughter more tightly, she shook her head.  
"No.  You were worried about him.  In time, he'll come to realize 
that."
	"But… but…" she started to say.  She hesitated, and 
sniffled.
	"It's okay, Aeka.  Let's go back to the palace and eat 
now.  I'm starving," Misaki said cheerily, hoping to make Aeka 
forget about the tirade that just happened.
	Everybody else just stood by quietly and didn't say a 
word.  They all turned to follow the two as they made their way 
down the path and followed Russ, keeping their distance, and 
wondering what could be running through his mind.

	Dinner passed by in relative silence.  Every time Aeka 
looked over at Russ, he was looking straight ahead and didn't say 
anything to anybody, even to the guardians who tried to start a 
friendly conversation with him.  He ate his dinner at warp speed, 
and then sat in silence, waiting for everybody else to finish.  
Misaki glared at him for being so stubborn, but she reminded 
herself of what she told Aeka earlier, and that he'd come around 
eventually.  She debated with herself on having another talk with 
him or not.  Eventually, she reached the conclusion that saying 
nothing was the best way to proceed.  Kids will be kids, and 
despite all the advice she'd have, she figured that they'd learn 
better on their own.  They would have to get used to each other if it 
were ever going to work.
	Finally, desert was brought out – delicious cheesecake, 
made from only the finest ingredients on Jurai, topped with Jurian 
cherries.  Everybody dug into the desert with gusto, but once again, 
Russ finished his in a matter of seconds.  Except this time, instead 
of waiting for other courses or everybody else to finish, he got up 
and marched himself out the door.  Everybody stopped at stared at 
his retreating form, and silence ensued after that.  Nobody said a 
word to stop him, and the only noise in the hall was the sound of 
the door closing behind him.
	Aeka looked over at her mother.  "Mommy?"
	"Shhh," she said quietly, and shook her head.  "Just leave 
him be.  He's probably very embarrassed at how he acted out there.  
Leave him alone for now.  He has to think."
	"But, where is he going?"
	"Who knows?  That's not important right now.  He needs 
a little time to reflect.  If he isn't around by the time the fireworks 
are supposed to start, then you can go find him," Misaki said, 
smiling.  "I'm sure he'll join us for that."
	"Yeah, Aeka.  He'll be around for that for sure!" Sasami 
said, smiling sweetly.  "I just know he will!"
	The princess smiled slightly and nodded her head.  "I 
guess you're right."
	Asuza glared hard at the door, and if looks could kill, 
Russ would've been dead ten times over.  He cleared his throat and 
continued eating his desert as if nothing had happened.  Everybody 
else at the table did their best to appear uninterested, and they 
continued eating their food.

	Entering the Royal Theater, Russ made his way down the 
hundreds of rows of chairs to the base of the stage, where he leapt 
on top of the polished wood with a heavy thud.
	"DAMMIT!" he roared, stomping his foot.  "Why do 
women have to be so friggin difficult!"
	Looking around for something to mess with, he noticed 
the portable holo-projector that Tom said they'd use to create 
instruments and other important materials for that concert they 
were supposed to have.  Carefully moving it to the middle of the 
stage, he hit a few buttons to turn the machine on, keyed a few 
more commands, and his huge organ appeared to the leftmost side 
of the stage.
	"Man, I really blew it out there.  I have to control my 
temper if I'm going to be around these people.  I just wish Aeka 
didn't have the hots for me!" he muttered to nobody in particular, 
walking over to the bench and sitting down, adjusting his gi for a 
better fit.  He let out a sigh and relaxed slightly, tilting his head all 
the way back, looking at the ceiling.  He swung his feet back and 
forth under the bench, and silently abused himself for being so 
hotheaded out there.
	Sitting forward again, he looked at the gleaming white 
keys of the massive instrument and thought of several songs that 
would calm him down.  Tapping a few keys on the computer 
console, he brought up the rhythm and most of the background 
music for Armitage III – Silent War, and began to play.  He 
cranked the volume of the organ to near maximum, which was 
loud enough to vibrate the floor and feel it slightly in his gut, but 
not quite deafening enough to hurt his ears.
	Playing for several minutes, he could feel himself calming 
down, as he moved his hands in the same pattern over and over 
again, as more and more instruments joined in the piece.  Having 
the massive hall to himself, the surround sound from the extra 
instruments echoed behind him, and he smiled.  The drumbeat 
kicked in near the end of the song, which was powerful enough to 
feel in every bone in his body, and he felt so alive again as if he 
finished a massive battle against a powerful foe.  Continuing for 
another minute or two, the song slowly faded its way out, and he 
once again sat in silence.
	"Music soothes the savage beast," Russ chuckled.
	Deciding to pass more time away, he played the main 
theme to Armitage III.  However, after doing this song, he felt the 
need to play something that had vocals in it, and he also gathered 
an urge to play the drums.  Moving over to the holoprojector, he 
keyed some additional commands, and the organ vanished, but was 
replaced with a huge variety of instruments.  A drum set sat near 
the middle of the stage up on a platform, several guitars were off to 
the right next to three microphones.  Still more instruments 
presented themselves onstage, all ready to be played.  Russ 
grinned, and thought a few moments, then decided to play a few 
tunes that starred Megumi Hayashibara.
	In an instant, an entire cast of musicians appeared, 
holding their instruments of choice, and an image of Lime from 
Saber Marionette J stood in front of the main microphone.  She 
turned and looked at Russ, who smiled and gave her a thumb up.  
She did the same and waited for him to make his way to the drum 
set and sit down.
	Cracking the two drumsticks together to start the rhythm, 
the band began to play Hesitation Remix.  Beating the drums in 
perfect rhythm, the band stayed synchronized with him, as Lime 
sang the song.  Russ couldn't help but smile, and he felt as good as 
new.
	After that song was finished, he continued on to play 
Izayoi, Proof to Myself Remix, the original Hesitation, and Lively 
Emotion.  After that, he switched albums and began to play songs 
from The Slayers series.  He swapped Lina Inverse in place of 
Lime, and he chuckled to himself, thinking that Lina had more 
hardware on her than Tom's Star Destroyer.  Songs from The 
Slayers included Breeze, Give a Reason, Get Along, Naked Mind, 
Gloria, In This Arm, and even Unlimited Desire.
	Once he finished with all the anime tracks, he moved over 
to the projector and called up three more songs that he wanted to 
do.  All three were from a band called Linkin Park, and the three 
songs he brought up were Papercut, In the End, and Pushing Me 
Away.  Moving back to the drum set, he fit a microphone over his 
head and began the first song, singing the main lyrics of the piece 
while pounding on the drums.
	After about an hour and a half of solid playing, and 
having his forehead drenched in perspiration from whacking the 
drums for so long, he turned off the projector and sat down on the 
stage, took several deep breaths, and tried to decide what would be 
the best way to approach Aeka and her family again.  He felt that 
he acted like a complete moron.  If only Aeka didn't take a swing 
at him.
	He knew that Aeka cared for him, even though he felt that 
he didn't reciprocate it.  She must really care deeply for him to pull 
a stunt like she did out there.
	"She may have been worried, but did she have to try to 
slap me for it?" Russ asked aloud, hearing his voice reverberate 
around the hall while he continued to stare at the floor in front of 
him.
	"She cares about you, that's why."
	Russ's eyes became extremely large as his head snapped 
up and looked directly into the pink eyes of Sasami.  Caught 
completely by surprise, he yelped and fell off the stage, landing on 
his backside on the floor.
	Sasami didn't smile, giggle, or give any indication that 
she found the event funny.
	"When the he…  When did you get here?" Russ asked, 
pulling himself up.
	Sasami just looked at him, folding her arms over her 
chest.  "I've been sitting outside the hall doors the entire time 
you've been playing.  I was waiting for you to finish before I came 
in and interrupted you.  I wanted to hear the music, but didn't want 
to disturb you."
	"I wouldn't have minded you coming in, Sasami.  You 
know that," Russ said, looking mildly confused.
	"But you would've minded my sister, right?  Please tell 
me you're not going to fight with her."
	Russ closed his eyes a moment and reopened them, 
watching the little princess and wondering how to worm his way 
out of a potential trap.  "I'm not going to fight with her.  I hate 
fighting with people.  I just wish things had gone a little differently 
out there is all."
	"You left us for the entire day!  You were supposed to 
spend the whole day with us, and we were going to play a whole 
bunch of games and stuff, but you vanished with Nagi!  What were 
we supposed to think?" she yelled, clearly upset.
	"I'm sorry Sasami, but there were other circumstances 
that needed my attention.  You're too little to understand it."
	"I am NOT too little!  You were going to spend the whole 
day with us, and you were looking forward to it.  And now the day 
is over!"
	Russ sighed as his heart began to ache.  "There is always 
tomorrow."
	"But what about what happened today!?  You didn't think 
about how we'd feel after you left, did you?"
	Feeling his blood start to boil, he took in a breath through 
his nose, and let it out through his mouth, slowly.  "Please stop 
rubbing it in.  I'm getting upset over this again.  All that I can do is 
say that I'm sorry."
	"Don't say it to me," she said, looking at him angrily.  
"You know who you need to say it to."
	"I know that!" Russ shouted, sliding off the stage once 
more, but landing on his feet.  Sasami's gaze didn't falter, and she 
showed no fear.  "I just need…" he said, but trailed off and looked 
toward the doors, which were closing behind Aeka, who just 
entered the hall.  Squeezing his eyes shut, he turned away from 
both princesses.
	Silence ensued as Aeka made her way down to the stage 
floor, and stood next to her sister.  They both looked at Russ, who 
slowly turned around and faced both girls, his expression unhappy, 
and then he looked at the floor.
	"And how long were you out there?" Russ asked, his 
voice quiet.  "Did you hear everything too?"
	"Yes."  Aeka slowly approached Russ again, and stood 
directly in front of him, her hands folded in front of her.  Russ 
didn't meet her gaze, but continued to look at the floor in front of 
him.  "It's okay.  I shouldn't have tried to slap you."
	Russ shook his head.  "It's my fault.  If I had come back 
sooner, you wouldn't have been as upset."
	"But you had some things to discuss with Nagi, right?"
	"Yeah, but still.  I should've realized that I was making 
you so concerned about me.  I'm sorry about that."
	"It's okay.  We both made mistakes today, Russ," Aeka 
said, looking at Russ's boots.  "I don't think I'll make the same 
one again."
	"Me neither," Russ answered, shuffling his foot.
	"Can we start over?" Aeka invited, reaching out and 
grasping Russ's hand.  His hand was so strong and warm, but felt 
very relaxed.  It was amazing that a hand so strong could still be so 
gentle.
	Russ sighed.  "I'm sorry," he said again, and he didn't 
pull away.  "I'm so violent to be around.  Why did you have to 
become attracted to me?"
	Aeka squeezed his hand tighter.  "Because you have all 
the qualities I look for, and am attracted to.  Plus, you don't treat 
me like royalty, but as a normal, everyday person.  I like being 
treated as a person rather than a figurehead.  You're the only 
person besides Tenchi to have done that."
	"I see."
	Aeka smiled, as she reached up with her other hand and 
raised Russ's face, so she could finally see him, and him to her.  
"Would you please join me for the fireworks?  That would make 
me and Sasami very happy."
	"I think I can manage that," Russ answered, doing his best 
to smile, but failing.  He still felt bad over what he did, and he 
continued to silently beat himself up over it.
	"Don't be so hard on yourself.  You're only human, after 
all," Aeka said, taking him by the arm and leading him out of the 
auditorium.
	Sasami watched the two, and she felt very contented and 
happy.  Following behind them, she kept quiet and simply listened 
to the two talk to each other.  However, Russ continually 
apologized for his outburst, and Sasami found that to be one of the 
sweetest things that anybody could've done.  Even Tenchi didn't 
do what he did.

	Some fifteen minutes later, Washu, Kiyone, Mihoshi, 
Funaho, Yosho, Nobuyuki, Azaka, Kamidake, Asuza, Misaki, 
Aeka, Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, and Russ, approached the apex of a 
small hill in the Royal Garden.  On top of the hill was a large 
gazebo, complete with thrones and other chairs.  The hill itself was 
nearly twenty feet high, and the steepness of the hill was not very 
bad.  Steps ran all the way to the building, and made climbing 
easy.  Asuza, Misaki, and Funaho took their seats, and everybody 
else, except for Russ, Aeka, and Sasami, sat in the available chairs.  
Russ elected to climb down the hill slightly, and lie back onto the 
soft grasses, and just relax.  Of course, Aeka and Sasami did the 
same.
	It was dark and starting to get hard to see, as the time 
wound down to what was supposed to be the beginning of the 
fireworks, however, nothing was happening.  Minutes passed by, 
and still no fireworks.  Russ could faintly hear a chorus of boo's 
emanating from various crowds around the palace, and a light 
amount of chatter coming from the gazebo above him.
	"What's going on?  How come there aren't any 
fireworks?  Aren't they supposed to start now?" Russ asked, 
continuing to gaze into the darkening sky.
	"They should've started about five minutes ago.  I think 
there is something wrong," Aeka replied, looking concerned.  "I 
hope they don't have to cancel."
	Russ scratched his head and grinned slightly.  "We won't 
need to cancel."
	Aeka and Sasami both looked at him in confusion.  "What 
do you mean?" Sasami asked, watching Russ's grinning 
expression.
	Without another word, Russ raised his arm, pointed it at 
the sky, and an instant later a small white ball of ki fired from his 
palm and raced to the stars, where it flashed and disappeared.  A 
second later, a massive boom resonated around the land, as an 
uproar of cheers exploded from the nearby groups.
	"Wow!  I didn't know you could do that with ki!" Sasami 
exclaimed in excitement.  "Can you do others?"
	"Sure can.  You name it, and I can probably make it.  
Watch this," Russ said, firing another small ki ball from his hand.  
It raced into the sky and exploded in a gorgeous pattern of greens, 
reds, and yellows, all circling around each other in a geometric 
flower.  A moment later, a thunderous boom resonated around the 
buildings, rattling windows and causing another uproar of 
cheering.
	"That's fantastic.  And no smoke either," Aeka 
whispered, watching the spectacle fade out and vanish into 
oblivion.  "Can you do a Cherry Blossom flower?"
	Russ grinned as he fired another blast into the sky.  The 
ball exploded into a fantastic sight, as it produced a perfect version 
of the flower, along with a green stem and green leaves.
	A round of applause greeted his ears from the onlookers 
in the gazebo, and he smiled to himself has he fired off several 
more blasts, each detonating in various patterns in dazzling arrays 
of colors.
	"How long is this supposed to go for?" Russ inquired, 
firing off another salvo of ki balls.
	"About forty five minutes to an hour.  But if you get tired 
out before then, you can stop at any time," Aeka told him.
	"No problem.  Sit back, and enjoy the show," Russ 
declared, firing off another five balls into the upper atmosphere 
and watching them detonate in wonderful and different colors and 
patterns.
	He continued to wow and dazzle all the onlookers, as he 
finally realized it was time to wrap up the show.  Raising his other 
hand and bracing himself, he began firing off hundreds of ki balls, 
all of them exploding like popcorn and producing incredible 
displays of design, geometry, and color.  Aeka watched him as he 
continued to shoot his energy into the atmosphere like a machine 
gun, and she felt so contented to be next to him, as she watched 
him in the varying colors of his fireworks.  He continued this for 
another five minutes, and then fired off one last massive ball into 
the upper atmosphere, where it exploded into an incredible design, 
which read, "That's all, Folks!" and shook the ground with its 
explosion.
	Loud cheering from miles around could be heard, as well 
as a roar of appreciation from the gazebo.  Even Asuza was 
applauding the performance, since he was one to enjoy fireworks 
and was very happy that he wasn't disappointed this year.
	Taking a deep breath, Russ lowered his hands to his sides 
and smiled contentedly.  "Did you enjoy the show you guys?" he 
asked, looking at Sasami, and then Aeka.
	"That was great!" Sasami squealed.  "Thank you so much 
for doing that for everybody.  We've never seen anything like it 
before."
	"That's right, Sasami.  This was a real treat for us, Russ.  
Thank you," Aeka said, rubbing his arm.  "Are you tired out?"
	Russ yawned.  "I'm not fatigued, but I'm getting sleepy," 
he said, rubbing his eyes.  "Is there anything else we have to do?"
	"Just one more thing.  Gift exchanging!" Sasami said 
gleefully.  "I can't wait to see what I get this year."
	Russ looked at both of them in horror, and then hung his 
head.  "Oh no.  I had no idea you guys exchanged gifts at this 
time!" he fretted.  "What am I going to do now?"
	Aeka giggled.  "Don't worry about it.  You don't have to 
give anything.  Just come with us back to the palace and keep us 
company."
	Everybody in the gazebo was already making his or her 
way down the steps.  Russ, Aeka, and Sasami all got to their feet 
and followed behind the main group.  "But I don't have anything 
to give!  I'm going to feel weird not giving anything."
	"I told you not to worry about it," Aeka giggled.  "Just 
relax."
	Russ sighed.  "I know.  I'll make it up to you at Christmas 
time.  Will that be okay?"
	"Absolutely," Sasami said, hanging on Russ's right arm.  
"I can't wait to see what you get me."
	"I've got some planning to do, in that case," Russ said, his 
face determined.  "I'll make sure you guys have the best Christmas 
ever!"
	"Christmas isn't for another six months!" Aeka 
exclaimed, looking at Russ.  "What could you be planning that 
would take that long for?"
	"Well, I need to get one for you, Sasami, Tenchi, Ryoko, 
Nobuyuki, Yosho, Washu, Mihoshi, Kiyone, and Ryo-Ohki.  
That's going to take a lot of planning, especially for what I like to 
do during Christmas."  Russ grinned evilly, as he eyed both the 
princesses.  "It's going to be big."
	Now both girls stared at him, their curiosity already 
beginning to manifest and grow, wondering what he could be 
thinking of that could be so gigantic and wonderful.  In the past, 
Russ was known to really go out of his way for holiday gifts, 
especially for Christmas.  Even though he was unsure as to what to 
get everybody, six months should be plenty of time to decide and 
plan out the perfect presents.  Figuring that he'd have to call in a 
few favors, he'd do his very best to make everybody happy, even if 
it was only for one day.  The problem was it was almost as 
torturous for Russ to keep it a secret as it was for everybody else.  
Already some ideas were beginning to develop inside Russ's mind, 
and he began to grow excited, already thinking about Christmas.  
However, he bit his tongue and decided to take one risk, and that 
was to read their minds when they didn't know it, to be able to get 
the absolute, most perfect present.
	"Well, we're going to be in my parents living quarters.  
There is a big tree there with lots of presents under it already," 
Sasami said, still holding onto Russ's arm.
	"I'm sorry that I don't have anything to give you guys.  I 
feel bad about it.  Maybe I can find something real fast…" Russ 
stopped in mid-sentence as his mind began racing, and he decided 
on something.
	"What is it, Russ?" Aeka asked, watching his changing 
expressions.
	"Hmmm?  Oh, nothing.  I just thought of something, 
that's all," Russ answered, walking up the palace steps and making 
his way inside the front doors.
	"Well, what is it?" Sasami inquired, pulling on his arm.
	"You'll see it soon enough," Russ replied, smiling in a 
sadistic way.  "No hints until then."
	Sasami pouted.  "No fair."  She then started gigging.
	After a few minutes, they both made their way down the 
main hallway to the Royal Family's quarters.  Misaki unlocked and 
then pushed open the massive doors, and then turned on the lights 
to the room.  Everybody entered directly into a living room, which 
was extremely huge.  Furniture that was crafted from only the most 
skilled woodworkers on Jurai presented itself on the floor, 
surrounding a gigantic, fifteen-foot tall Startica tree.  A gorgeous, 
red oriental rug was placed under it and the furniture, and the rest 
of the flooring was hard wood.  On a nearby wall, a beautiful 
fireplace complete with gold trimmed glass windows was set into 
the wall, with a marble mantle on top of it.  About three quarters 
the way inside the living room, there was a step up to another level 
of the floor, which was the dining area, in case they wanted to eat 
privately.  A long table, some twenty feet in length sat on this 
landing, made of a very light colored wood, as was everything else 
in the room.  A large chair sat at the middle of the table, and two 
smaller ones sat at the ends.  The entire room was extremely bright 
and cheery, but didn't have a lot of color outside of wood.  Lights 
of all styles and craftsmanship were placed around the room, 
which were made of old, black iron, and looked like something out 
of medieval times.  A crystal chandelier hung at the very top of the 
twenty-foot tall vaulted ceiling that had nearly fifty small lights on 
it.  It sparked like a well-polished jewel.
	Russ, Tenchi, and everybody else who have never been in 
a high class situation before looked on it in complete awe, and 
couldn't help but marvel at the grandness of the place.  
Everywhere they turned, they saw items that they could've only 
dreamt of affording.  The only thing that Russ found a problem 
with is that there was no technology, in terms of a stereo system or 
form of entertainment.  Assuming that they had yet another room 
for that kind of thing, he continued gawking at everything in the 
room, and barely noticed that Misaki, Funaho, and Asuza had sat 
down on a nearby loveseat and were waiting for everybody to join 
them, ready to hand out the gifts.
	"Aeka?" Misaki called over to her daughter, who was 
now pulling on Russ's arm, who barely seemed to notice her.  
"You're first.  Here's one of your presents!"  Misaki waved around 
a package that had some really unusual wrapping paper on it, in 
that it was a very pretty shade of violet.  It almost matched Aeka's 
hair color.
	Just as she was about to accept the package, she turned 
around to see everybody as she opened it, and her jaw dropped in 
astonishment.  Russ was gone.  Vanished.  Poof.  Just like he 
wasn't there to begin with, and she frowned in disappointment.
	"He's gone AGAIN!" she yelled, drawing curious stares 
from all the occupants in the room.  A moment later, they realized 
whom she was referring to.
	"Not again," Sasami said, rolling her eyes.  "Don't worry, 
Aeka.  He's probably doing something and he'll be right back.  
Maybe he went to the bathroom or something."
	Aeka sighed to herself, and began to open her small 
package.

	"I gotta get this stuff to their rooms before they finish 
their gift exchange," Russ said to himself, racing toward Aeka and 
Sasami's room.  Reaching it in a matter of moments, he used his 
instantaneous movement ability and teleported inside their room.  
Quickly leaving a gift on Aeka's bed, one on Sasami's and leaving 
one on the floor for Ryo-Ohki, he left their room and teleported to 
Tenchi and Ryoko's room, leaving a gift for each on their bed.  
Repeating the same thing to get to Washu's room, he left her a gift 
on her bed, then proceeded to Yosho and Nobuyuki's room, and 
left the last present there.
	"Well, that didn't take long," he said, and then let out a 
massive yawn.  "I feel like Santa Claus.  But anyway, I should go 
to bed.  I'd feel funny about going back there.  I think they'd 
understand."  Stretching and yawning once more, he teleported 
himself back to his bedroom, where he quickly turned on his desk 
fan, undressed down to his underclothes, and flopped onto his bed, 
where he fell asleep almost instantly, snoring like a hibernating 
bear.

	"Oooh!  That Russ.  He'll never learn," Aeka growled, 
her hands balled into fists at her sides, as she stomped off to her 
room, trailed by Sasami and Ryo-Ohki.
	"Oh Aeka, would you stop it already?  You're going to 
drive yourself AND Russ crazy with the way you worry about him.  
Stop it already.  It's not like the war between you, Ryoko and 
Tenchi, where you'd have to watch Ryoko like a hawk all day 
long," Sasami said, tossing her hands into the air in exasperation.  
"You're so insecure about him and he's the last person on Earth 
that you'd need to be concerned about!"
	Aeka sighed in resignation.  "Of course, you're right, 
Sasami.  I guess I just got so accustomed to being so worried about 
someone else that I forgot what it's like to not worry about being 
betrayed, or left behind."
	"I understand that, Aeka, but you're overboard with him!"
	Aeka giggled.  "I guess that's what happens when you 
chase someone.  You'll learn about it sooner or later."
	Sasami stared at her sister for a moment, and then looked 
a little worried.  "I won't be like you, will I?" she asked, cracking a 
small grin.
	Aeka whirled around and looked down at her little sister, 
and then started laughing.  "Sasami, you're bad.  Come on, I'm 
tired.  Let's hit the sack, okay?"
	"Yeah.  But anyway, how do you like your gift?"
	"It's nice, but not as nice as the present from Ryoko and 
Tenchi from a few weeks ago."  Aeka held up a beautifully crafted 
emerald ring, made from platinum and emerald jewels, in a design 
that would've made a computer crash if it tried to render it.  "Just 
another thing to add to my collection."
	"If you don't want it, I'll have it," Sasami said, hopeful.
	"Forget it.  You'll probably blackmail this out of me 
anyway as you did with the amethyst necklace and the matching 
earrings and bracelet!"
	Sasami giggled.  "I don't know what you're talking 
about."
	"I'm sure you don't," Aeka said, arrogantly.  "But how do 
you like your present?"
	"It's pretty nice, although, I would've rather had 
something else," she said, carrying a brand new, ultra expensive 
silk bathrobe.  "I'm still a kid you know."
	Aeka began giggling, and then started laughing.  "Says 
the one who always says, 'I'm not too little' all the time."
	Sasami was about to say something, but they had made it 
to their room, and Aeka pushed open the door, and then turned on 
the light.
	A huge violet lion, and a massive green bear sat on each 
of their beds, respectively.  The lion was for Aeka, and the bear for 
Sasami.  Both of them stopped, stared, and then turned to look at 
each other, and they both knew whom it came from.
	"We're going to have to thank Russ for these.  You know, 
he didn't get anything either.  I guess he thought he was," Sasami 
said quietly, admiring the huge toy on her bed.  She then noticed 
the super huge stuffed cabbit toy on the floor, which looked almost 
identical to Ryo-Ohki herself.  "And I bet I know who this is for," 
she giggled.
	"That Russ… he's something else, that's for sure."
	Turning around and closing the door to their room, they 
locked it for the night, undressed, and fell asleep, all three of them 
clutching the super sized animals for the night.

	Washu, Kiyone, and Mihoshi all walked together down 
the hall, heading to their rooms for the night.  They were all 
carrying gifts from the Royal Family, and they were all extremely 
happy with their loot.  They came to stop in front of the Galaxy 
Police's quarters.
	"Well, I had a real good time today.  Thanks for having 
me tag along with you girls."
	"No problem, Washu.  We enjoyed your company," 
Kiyone said, smiling, and then letting out a huge yawn, stretching 
her arms over her head.
	"Yeah Washu!  Would you like to accompany us again 
tomorrow?" Mihoshi invited.
	Watching the both of them, she grinned and nodded her 
head.  "I think I'd like that.  Thank you, Mihoshi.  I appreciate it."
	"Oh, think nothing of it.  You can buy us dinner again!" 
she said happily, and drawing a curious but perturbed look from 
Washu.  Kiyone just groaned and smiled.
	"I'll see you tomorrow in that case, Washu.  Good night," 
Kiyone said, pushing open her door and walking inside, nearly 
dragging Mihoshi with her.  Both girls stopped almost instantly 
when they turned on the light and stared at their beds.  On 
Kiyone's bed, a small, green, froglike stuffed animal sat on her 
pillow, and a brown teddy bear sat on Mihoshi's.  They both 
looked at the animals in astonishment, then turned to look at 
Washu, who happened to notice Kiyone's and Mihoshi's hesitation 
when they entered their room.
	"What's this?" Kiyone asked to nobody in particular.
	"Oh wow!  Santa must've visited us!" Mihoshi squealed 
in delight.
	"Santa doesn't visit Jurai, and he's just a folklore!" 
Kiyone shouted.
	Mihoshi looked at her in confusion.  "Then it was the 
Easter Bunny?"
	Both Washu and Kiyone facefaulted, recovered, and 
shook their heads.  They looked at each other, shared a quick 
laugh, and smiled at each other.
	"Good night, Washu.  See you tomorrow," Kiyone said 
again, closing the door behind her.
	Washu grinned.  "Good night, girls."
	Now alone, she proceeded to her own room, where she 
was now expecting to see something there, waiting for her.  She 
knew that this is why Russ vanished earlier, but her curiosity was 
starting to get the better of her as she pushed open her own door 
and stepped inside.
	Turning on her light, she looked on her bed, and saw her 
gift.  She couldn't help but smile, since it was her favorite type of 
gift.  A red crab, about two feet in diameter, was sprawled on her 
pillow.  The real kicker was that this crab had a ribbon on it.
	Shedding her clothes quickly and turning out her light, 
she flopped into her bed and hugged the crab tightly, and quickly 
drifted off into peaceful slumber, completely forgetting about any 
scientific analysis that she had the computers perform the night 
before.  It could all go to hell for a couple days.  The world wasn't 
going to end if she didn't work on something for that long.

	Yosho and Nobuyuki entered their room, turned on the 
light, and noticed a small stuffed bokken sitting on their beds.  
They stopped, stared and smiled, knowing whom it came from.  
Setting it on the dresser, they quickly jumped into bed and fell 
asleep quickly, worn out from a day of shopping and motherly 
torture.

	Lastly, Tenchi and Ryoko both went into their room to 
find presents on their bed.  On the bed, a miniature version of 
Tenchi and a stuffed doll of Ryoko both sat, waiting for their new 
owners.  Ryoko and Tenchi both stared at each other, lifted his or 
her presents at the exact same time, and they both chuckled, and 
then started laughing.
	"Only Russ would be able to find something like this in 
such a short period of time.  Hey, these are the prizes he won while 
we were all out today.  I wonder what everybody else got?" Tenchi 
asked, putting the Ryoko doll back on the bed and pulling his shirt 
off.
	"Who knows?  I'm tired.  Let's go to sleep, Tenchi," she 
said, pulling him down to the bed, where she had already laid 
down.  "We've got another big day ahead of us."
	"Yeah.  Good night, Ryoko," he answered, flopping onto 
his pillow.
	"Good night, Tenchi.  See you in the morning."
	Tenchi leaned over and kissed her, and then laid his head 
on the pillow, drifting off into slumber a few minutes later.
	Ryoko, however, stayed awake a little while longer.  She 
began to think about Aeka and how differently she acted around 
Russ in comparison with Tenchi.  She almost seemed paranoid, 
even though she had no need to be.  Russ wasn't going anywhere 
soon.  Debating on bringing it up with Aeka tomorrow, she looked 
over at her treasure, which was sleeping peacefully beside her.  
Feeling a little bit of pity for her once rival, she sighed and drifted 
off to sleep a short while later.
