Ep 9 – Road Trip

I'm Russell Piper, and what you're about to read is my first real 
attempt at a fanfiction.  It's based around Tenchi Universe (Tenchi 
TV) and the OVA so most of the main characters you've seen from 
there will appear here as well.  It also crosses a bit with Dragonball 
Z with the existence of Dragonballs and immensely powerful 
warriors.  Ryoko and Tenchi had finally chosen to be together, and 
Aeka is still living at the house for now.  You'll see when it 
happens.  Anyway, I'll stop flapping my yap and let you get right 
to the story.  Enjoy!  Send all hate mail / fan mail to 
russael@mediaone.net.

*Note: New website going up for the Tenchi fans!  Visit it at
http://russael.cjb.net  The fanfic will be posted there too.

	Rain.  It is the lifeblood of the Earth.  It's the one thing 
that sustains every living organism that exists on this blue planet.  
Without it, things could not survive, and the planet would become 
a barren wasteland, with its only value being the minerals that exist 
below the Earth's surface.
	It was currently raining outside of the Masaki home in a 
gentle shower, replenishing the ground with water and giving the 
plants and animals a much-needed drink.  It also managed to cool 
the outdoor temperature down to a pleasant sixty-five degrees, 
making it feel very comfortable, and bringing needed relief from 
the freak weather of the previous day.  Usually accompanying a 
rainfall, a feeling of sadness or depression dampens a person's 
spirits for the day.  This was not the case for the Masaki 
household.
	Stirring slightly from her night of blissful slumber, Ryoko 
snuggled a little closer to Tenchi, resting her head on his chest, and 
listening to the soft beating of his heart.  This heart beats for her, 
now and forever.  It was more soothing than whatever emotion she 
had ever felt in her entire life, and it was one thing that she was 
never going to let go of, or have taken away from her.  Her destiny 
lay with him and to always be with him.  The love she has for him 
is total and absolute, no matter what circumstance presents itself.  
It was the one thing that had made her truly happy, and it was now 
hers.  All hers.
	When Ryoko had moved, she gently woke Tenchi out of 
his sleep.  He opened his eyes slowly, trying to become 
accustomed to the dim light that filtered through his bedroom 
window and the skylight above his bed.  Slowly bringing his mind 
and eyes into focus, he looked down toward the warm feeling on 
his chest, where Ryoko laid her head, with her arms wrapped 
around him.  He smiled to himself and thought about the previous 
night, and how he had finally allowed his true feelings for her to 
unlock themselves from his heart and pour forth, like a raging river 
through a canyon.  It was a night that he'd never forget, and it was 
one that he wanted to cherish forever.
	He thought about the many times she had expressed her 
love for him, but he was too afraid to return it.  He had loved 
Ryoko for a long time, but he didn't know when he first started to.  
It was just too impossible to tell when he began to feel how he did 
toward her.  But it didn't really matter anymore.  She was here, 
now, with him, quietly dozing, as he listened to her soft, rhythmic 
breathing.
	Tenchi's smile increased in size, as he took in a deep 
breath and let out a quiet yawn.  Ryoko moaned very softly.  He 
reached down, being very careful and gentle, he ran his fingers 
through her cyan hair, enjoying the feel of its softness.  He reached 
up and did it again, as a very soft rumble started to come from her.  
He grinned and felt very contented, and a little amused that she 
was quietly purring beside him.
	Trying to increase the intensity of her soft rumble, he 
continued to pet her, now running his hand down her back, gently 
scratching around her shoulder blades.  As expected, her rumbling 
increased in volume and intensity, as she took in a deep breath.  
Her kitten eyes opened themselves slowly, as she stretched herself 
out and let out a light yawn.  Her gaze wandered up Tenchi's chest, 
and finally locked into his eyes, filled with love, contentedness, 
and happiness.  She smiled, ever so sweetly, as she carefully 
moved herself up to Tenchi's shoulder, and kissed him on the lips.
	"Good morning, lover," she whispered, continuing to 
softly purr for him.
	"Hello, Ryoko," he returned, wrapping his arm around 
her, pulling her a little closer, and giving her a little kiss.  "Did you 
sleep well?"
	She moaned softly and smiled, returning his embrace.  
"Thank you," she said, quietly.
	"What for?"  Tenchi continued to gaze at her soft 
complexion, smiling into those golden eyes.
	"For finally telling me… and showing me how much you 
love me last night.  That was the best thing that has ever happened 
to me."  She squeezed him tighter, kissing him again.  "I love you, 
Tenchi."
	He smiled down at her, and felt a small lump in his throat, 
but he did his best to swallow it down.  "I love you too, Ryoko," he 
said, as a tidal wave of relief washed over his body and soul.
	Yes!  He had done it!  He finally gathered up the courage 
to tell her he loved her, and mean it, with all of his heart.  It felt so 
good to finally be able to tell her the words he had felt, but was too 
afraid to say.  Ryoko had no idea how much those words struck 
home with her, until she finally heard them for herself.  A 
happiness that words could not describe cascaded through her 
heart, giving her a feeling of unsurpassed peace and tranquility.  
After a year and a half of pursuing, a year and a half of begging, 
tears, pleas, fights, and hardships, it all finally came down to those 
three little words, which he finally told her, after so long.
	She took in a deep breath, savoring that little phrase, and 
locking it into her heart.  "Ohhh, Tenchi," she moaned, sensually.  
"Say that again," she begged, looking into his face.  "Please."
	"I love you, Ryoko.  More than words can say."
	The tears started streaming down her cheeks as she kissed 
him, hard, almost as if she was trying to suck out his soul and 
make it her own.  Tenchi looked at her, almost in shock after she 
released him.
	"Ryoko?  What's the matter?" he asked in worry.  "Did I 
do something wrong?"
	She gazed back into his brown eyes lovingly as the tears 
continued to flow freely, and shook her head.  "No.  You did 
everything right.  I love you so much, Tenchi.  More than even you 
yourself realize."
	He gently clasped her cheek in his hand, using his thumb 
to tenderly wipe away her tears.  She closed her eyes and took his 
hand in hers, rubbing her cheek in his palm, as she sniffled quietly.  
After a moment, she carefully removed his hand from her face and 
opened her eyes, pulling herself closer to him, then gave him 
another kiss, which he wholeheartedly returned, squeezing her 
tightly.  Her tears subsided a moment later, and she continued to 
smile for him.
	"I love you very much, Ryoko.  I just wish I had the 
courage to tell you that sooner."
	"Shhh," she chided him.  "Just hold me for a while.  I 
want to savor every waking moment with you."  She rested her 
head on the pillow next to Tenchi, only a few inches away from his 
face.  He rolled onto his side to face her, returning her gaze, which 
was bursting with overwhelming love and happiness.  They both 
gently caressed each other, allowing their hands to softly roam 
each other, feeling each other's warmth, both of them ignoring the 
passage of time and the sound of the raindrops that continually 
pelted the windowsill outside of his bedroom window.
	"I wish this moment would last forever, Tenchi."
	"I do too, Ryoko."  He continued to softly pet her, and her 
him, as the minutes ticked by, but was ignored by the two lovers.
	Out of nowhere, Tenchi's stomach croaked quietly, but 
not quietly enough.  They both stopped and stared at each other, 
before they both burst out in a fit of the giggles.
	"I guess it's time for breakfast," he said, stealing a glance 
at the clock on his nightstand.  He turned back toward her, smiling 
broadly.  "Are you hungry?"
	Before she had the opportunity to answer, her own 
stomach rumbled a response, drowning out her soft purring.  She 
blushed lightly, and then started giggling again.  "Does that answer 
your question?" she asked, smiling, as the sound of her 
contentedness once again became the only sound in the bedroom.
	"Do you want to get up and get some breakfast with me?"
	Sighing tenderly, she nodded her head.
	He chuckled softly.  "Okay then," he said, giving her 
another quick peck in the lips, then letting go of her and sliding 
himself out from under the warm covers and into the coolness of 
his room.  Casually moving over to his dresser, he pulled out a 
clean pair of boxer shorts and put them on.  After that, he went to 
his closet and picked out a new pair of shorts and one of the new 
shirts they bought yesterday at the mall, and dressed, taking care to 
cut the tags off the shirt and shorts.
	Looking back toward the bed after he was finished, he 
saw that she was sitting on top of the covers, dressed in a pretty 
pink blouse, which covered her whole body.  He smiled and looked 
her over, noticing that the pink brought out the gold in her eyes, 
but contrasted nicely with her cyan hair.
	"You look even more beautiful today than you ever did, 
Ryoko," he said, slowly moving to the bed and offering her his 
hand with a humble little bow.
	She smiled and giggled, graciously accepting his 
invitation, floating off of the bed and standing up on the floor.  
"You're going to spoil me now, is that it?"
	"You don't like being spoiled?" he asked, smiling at her 
gorgeous face.
	"I think I can get used to it," she said, wrapping her arms 
around her treasure and kissing him tenderly.
	Once again, both their stomachs growled at both of them, 
reminding them that they were hungry and wanted food.  Now.  
And they didn't want to wait anymore.  They both looked at each 
other and giggled lightly as they left the room to go eat breakfast.

	Aeka slowly awakened to the soothing, quiet pelting of 
the rain against her window.  Moaning softly, she unconsciously 
stretched herself out under her blanket, rolling onto her back, and 
took in a deep breath, letting it out in a refreshing yawn.  Her violet 
eyes slowly opened themselves, adjusting themselves to the light 
coming in through her bedroom window.  She smiled to herself, 
since in a very good mood this morning, despite the depressing 
rain outside her window.  Looking over at the vacant futon next to 
her, she realized Sasami must have gotten up a little while ago and 
started on breakfast for everybody.  Not one to disappoint, she 
tossed back her covers, feeling the coolness of the air rush to her 
skin, giving her small goose bumps.  Thankful that today wasn't 
another scorcher, she got up and went to her closet and chose a red 
kimono and a violet sash, tossing those onto her futon, and 
withdrew a white undershirt from her closet, adding that to the 
pile.  Taking care to remove her nightgown and hang it up, she 
dressed herself in the clothes she picked, and admired herself in the 
bedroom mirror.  Noticing the glitter under her clothes, her smile 
broadened, as she looked at the small phoenix that hung around her 
neck, the gift from Tenchi and Ryoko.
	That gift was the best thing she has ever gotten from 
anybody in her entire life.  Sure, it wasn't no where near the 
craftsmanship, or quality, or even the monetary value of the other 
gifts she was given during her marriage meetings, but the meaning 
behind it was worth so much more.  "It means a sign of 
unsurpassed beauty," Tenchi had told her.  She smiled even 
broader, knowing that Tenchi still thought she was very beautiful.  
The fact that he was with Ryoko didn't matter anymore, because 
he still cared about her and her feelings.  Even Ryoko did as well, 
and it filled her with pride and almost indescribable happiness that 
her former worst enemy would choose a gift like that to give her.
	And then there was Russ, who even though behaved like a 
child yesterday, was still considerate enough to buy her those two 
videos that she was going to get for herself.  In a way, she missed 
having fights like that with Ryoko.  Even though yesterday's fight 
was not physical, it still felt good to behave like a stuck up little 
child once again.  It had been nearly a year since she had fought 
like that, and it felt really good, and it relaxed her considerably.  
Knowing she didn't mean any harm yesterday, and assuming Russ 
didn't either, made her feel at peace.  He was a nice man, and so 
far had shown that he cares about other people's feelings, and that 
was important to her.  A man who cares about nothing except for 
himself is very selfish, and she wanted no part of a person like that.
	She noticed that Russ was quite different from other men 
she had met before, even Tenchi, but he had a charm all his own.  
He had incredible strength and power, but never used it, unless he 
was training himself or someone needed his help.  Even with his 
enormous ability to create death and destruction, he didn't seem to 
want to do stuff like that, but rather prevent it.  He had a wonderful 
talent for music, and was remarkably humble, always thanking 
people and never bragging about his abilities to others.  On top of 
all that, he was quite handsome, albeit not as handsome as Tenchi.
	Satisfied that her appearance was adequate, she left her 
room and went downstairs, seeing Tenchi and Ryoko on the couch, 
gazing into each other's faces which were filled with love and… 
something else that she couldn't quite put her finger on.  But 
anyway, it was none of her business, so she smiled as she made her 
way downstairs.
	"Good morning, Ryoko and Tenchi.  You guys look like 
you're in a good mood today," she said cheerfully, filled with 
happiness herself.
	"Good morning, Aeka.  You look like you're in a good 
mood yourself," Ryoko answered, as Tenchi turned toward the 
princess.
	"Hi, Aeka.  Did you sleep well?" he asked with a big 
smile.
	"Yes!  I'm both in a good mood and I had a wonderful 
night's rest.  The rain really helps me sleep since it drowns out 
most other noises in the house."
	"Yeah, I noticed that too," Ryoko said, eyeing Tenchi 
mischievously.  He ignored it though, much to her disappointment.
	"Well, I'm going to go see if Sasami needs any help," he 
said, making her way to the kitchen, where the sounds of pots and 
pans scraping over the stove could be heard.  A quiet humming 
was also noticed coming through the door.  She took a quick 
glance around the room.  "Where's Russ?  Isn't he up yet?"
	"No, not yet.  At least, I don't think so.  I haven't seen 
him this morning," Tenchi answered.
	"Hmmm."  Aeka went into the kitchen were Sasami was 
busy as a bee at the stove.
	She turned away from stirring the miso soup when she 
heard the kitchen door slide open.  "Good morning, Aeka!" she 
said in her usual, cheerful demeanor, running up to her sister and 
giving her a warm hug.
	"Good morning, Sasami.  You look well rested and happy 
today."
	"Yes I am.  I don't know why though.  It's raining, which 
means I can't go outside and play, but I feel good anyway."
	Ryo-Ohki, perched on top of the little girl's head, 
meowed her greeting to Aeka.
	"And good morning to you too, Ryo-Ohki," she giggled, 
petting the cabbit on the head, eliciting a light purr from her.  
"Well, can I help you with anything in here, Sasami?"
	"Not really.  I've just about finished off everything.  I'm 
just waiting for the miso to finish cooking and then breakfast will 
be ready.  If you want, you can carry out these plates to the table.  
That will be helpful to me," she offered, smiling sweetly.
	"Okay."  She reached into one of the drawers and drew 
out a handful of chopsticks, and picked up one of the many plates 
that were on the counter, being careful not to spill anything.  She 
went back into the living room and saw that Nobuyuki was now 
awake, and was busily pounding Tenchi on the back, who's face 
was as red as the kimono she was wearing.
	"It's about time, Tenchi!  I'm so proud to know that 
you've finally grown up into a healthy man!"  He continued 
slapping him on the back, and then gave him a crushing hug.
	"Daaaaaaaad!  Cut that out!  It's embarrassing!  And how 
did you know anyway?" he choked out, just before his dad released 
him.  Ryoko was smiling broadly, clearly pleased with Nobuyuki's 
reaction.
	"I'm just so proud, son!  It would've been great if you let 
me videotape it!  I always wanted to record your development in 
life!  I had gotten up late last night to go to the bathroom and I had 
heard you two in your room," he said, tears in his eyes.  "I was 
going to record it, but I decided that I should leave you alone for 
your first time."
	Both Tenchi and Ryoko stared at him.  Ryoko thought it 
would have been fun, and Tenchi thought it was the craziest thing 
he ever heard.  And what was he doing, eavesdropping on them?
	Aeka set the food down on the table, thinking about what 
Nobuyuki had said, as she returned to the kitchen to gather up the 
rest of the food.  "…grown up to be a healthy man…" Where did 
she hear that before?  Suddenly, it clicked.  They were all sitting 
around the table, shortly after she had arrived on Earth to rescue 
Mihoshi.  They were all eating breakfast, and out of nowhere, 
Ryoko started babbling about pickles and ice cream.  Nobuyuki 
picked up on it and asked if she was pregnant.  Shortly thereafter, 
Ryoko raced out of the room and apparently had given birth to an 
egg.  But the killer was when she told everybody that it was the 
egg that she had made with Tenchi.  Nobuyuki went crazy with 
pride, slapping Tenchi on the shoulders in much the same manner 
as he was currently doing, and he had said nearly the same exact 
thing.  Does that mean… Tenchi and Ryoko… made a baby?  No.  
It's too soon for that.  But… maybe they made love last night?  
Yes, that has to be it.  What else could or would spark THAT kind 
of reaction out of Tenchi's father, the resident pervert of the 
house?
	She looked up at both of them, as they gazed into each 
other's eyes.  Tenchi felt another pair of eyes on him as she 
glanced over the couch, directly into Aeka's face.  Ryoko noticed 
his appearance, and she too turned to look at Aeka.  She looked 
back at them, and smiled.  "Congratulations, you two.  I'm very 
happy for the both of you."
	Tenchi, Ryoko, and Nobuyuki all facefaulted straight to 
the floor in shock.  They slowly recovered and looked back at 
Aeka, who was still smiling broadly, and she nodded her head.
	"Aeka?"  Tenchi began.
	"Don't worry, Tenchi.  I'm fine with it.  I've known for a 
long time that you two would eventually begin doing that kind of 
thing, and I'm happy for the both of you.  Really."  And she was, 
too.
	Both Tenchi and Ryoko heaved a huge sigh of relief, and 
they both smiled at her.  "Thank you for being so understanding, 
Aeka.  That means a lot to me," Ryoko said, nodding her head at 
her.
	"That goes for me too, Aeka.  Thank you."
	"Think nothing of it.  And I mean it when I say, 
congratulations."  She bowed toward them.  "I'll be right back with 
the rest of breakfast.  I hope you're good and hungry!"  Turning to 
go back into the kitchen, she looked over her shoulder and flashed 
them another smile, and disappeared through the doorway.  She let 
out a huge sigh of relief, and it felt really good to finally be at 
peace with both of them.  It was over between her and Tenchi, and 
there was no need to fret over it any longer, and it felt good to 
finally reach that point.
	Sasami turned around when her sister re-entered.  "What 
was that all about?"
	"Oh, nothing, Sasami.  I'll tell you about it when you're 
older," she informed her, smiling.
	"Darn it!  You're always saying that.  And judging by the 
way father was acting, I have a pretty good guess at what went on 
between Tenchi and Ryoko last night.  But I must say, I'm happy 
you're taking it so well," she said, hugging her sister again.  "It 
makes me happy to see everybody else happy.  I don't want to see 
anybody fight anymore.  And now it seems that nobody has to."
	Aeka sighed.  "You may be little, but you sure don't act 
like it sometimes," she said, patting her sister's shoulder.  "Come 
on, let's get breakfast out to the table.  Everybody's starving."
	"Yes, you're right.  The miso is done.  Go ahead and take 
these two plates out there, and I'll get the rest.  Thank you, Aeka."  
She turned off the burner to the stove and poured the soup into a 
large bowl, and then she fished a ladle out of one of the drawers 
and put that alongside it.  She carefully lifted the soup bowl, and 
being careful not to spill it, she followed Aeka out to the breakfast 
table, where Nobuyuki, Ryoko, Tenchi, and Aeka were all seated.
	"Where are Kiyone, Mihoshi, Washu, and Russ?" Sasami 
asked, looking at the vacant seats.
	"Well, Washu is probably busy in her lab as usual, 
Kiyone and Mihoshi went out to look for an apartment nearby, and 
Russ… well, I have no idea about him," Tenchi informed her.
	"I wonder if he's a sleepy head like you are, Tenchi," 
Sasami teased.  "I guess I'll just have to play a little prank on him," 
she giggled evilly as she got up from the table.
	"Sasami!  What are you doing?"  Aeka looked at her 
sister in horror.
	She cackled sinisterly as she disappeared into the kitchen 
and returned with a can of whipped cream.  Glancing over at her 
sister with an evil gleam in her eye, she quietly ascended the 
stairway, heading toward Russ' room.  Aeka rolled her eyes and 
started giggling.
	"He's going to get it.  Sasami is the king of pranks here," 
Ryoko giggled.  "Not even I can match what she does."
	"I know.  Give her a reason to pull a prank and you're 
history," Aeka said, still giggling quietly as she began sipping her 
soup.  "Oh, listen to me.  I shouldn't encourage behavior like that."
	"Hopefully Russ will be a good sport about it," Tenchi 
said, worriedly.
	"I'm sure he will be," Aeka responded.  "Remember 
yesterday at the mall?"
	Tenchi and Ryoko both started laughing.  "Yeah, that was 
quite amusing.  Did you feel better after that?" Tenchi asked.
	"Yeah, actually.  It felt good to behave like that again.  It 
gets boring acting so uptight and regal all the time.  It was a nice 
distraction from the ordinary."
	"Well anyway, Sasami should be in Russ' room by now.  
Let's wait and see what happens," Tenchi snickered.

	Russ was sprawled over the top of his bed, lying on his 
chest with his arm dangling over the edge closest to the doorway.  
The window to his room was open, but the rain was falling in a 
way that it didn't enter the house.  His head lay on the pillow, but 
he never slid himself under the blankets.  He was still clothed in 
the garments he had on from yesterday, except they were not 
covering him very well.  The shirt was bunched up near his chest, 
leaving his abs and his lower back exposed, and his shorts were 
hitched up in such a way that it was giving him a wedgie.  He was 
trying to breathe through his nose, but as usual, it was clogged, and 
he wound up drawing in loud, raspy breaths through his mouth.
	Sasami quietly slid back the door to his room and stepped 
inside, spying Russ on the bed.  She stopped and froze, and had to 
calm herself down to keep from laughing at his posture.  Tiptoeing 
over to his bed, she shook up the can of whipped cream and 
squirted a healthy amount into his hand that was dangling over the 
edge.  Satisfied that there was plenty, she looked around the room 
for something to tickle his nose with.  Unfortunately, there was 
nothing that would work, so she improvised.  She silently moved 
behind the headboard and bent down, gently blowing a stream of 
air into his face.  He wrinkled his nose in response and stirred 
slightly, but immediately resumed his heavy slumber.  Determined, 
she blew a little harder into his face, which invoked the same 
response.
	"Geez, what's he made out of?  Stone?" she muttered to 
herself, trying to keep from giggling.  She took in a deeper breath 
and again blew directly into his face, and this time it had the 
desired effect.  He brought his hand up and smacked it right into 
his visage, spreading the whipped cream everywhere.  Sasami 
couldn't contain herself anymore and she exploded laughing, 
rousing Russ out of his sleep.
	Not totally awake, but moderately aware that someone 
was laughing at him, Russ removed his hand from his face, which 
felt very strange.  He closed his hand and felt something very soft 
and cool squish between his fingers.  Slowly opening up his eyes, 
he looked into his hand, which was now covered in white froth.  
Changing his focus over to the sound of laughing that stood near 
the door, he could see Sasami holding a can of whipped cream.  
Looking back to his hand, he stuck a finger into his mouth and 
confirmed his suspicions.  He slowly sat up and reached up with 
his other hand, making sure that it was clean, and wiped the 
remaining whipped cream off of his face, licking up what he 
missed.  He then cleaned off his other hand and stood up, now 
wide-awake.
	"Ha!  Ha!  It's breakfast time!  Come and get it before it 
gets cold," she laughed before racing out of the room.  He charged 
out the door, hot on her heels.
	"You do realize, this means war!" he shouted after her, 
chasing her down the stairs.  She raced behind the couch as Russ 
tore into the kitchen.  He returned a moment later with a can of 
whipped cream of his own.  He quickly began shaking it and 
removed the top.  "Come here.  I've got a present for yah!"
	He began to circle the couch as Sasami giggled 
uncontrollably, still shaking her own can of the stuff and making 
sure to stay out of reach.  Everybody at the table exploded 
laughing, watching Russ and Sasami square off.  "So, you're a 
little prankster, aren't you?  I must inform you, that you're totally 
outclassed," he cackled evilly, slowly inching his way around the 
sofa.  "If you want a prank war, you're on!"  He leapt over the 
couch as Sasami tore around the table and hid behind Aeka, still 
giggling away.  Aeka, on the other hand, got a look of worry on 
her face as Russ approached the opposite end of the table, and 
began slowly circling again.
	"Okay, that's enough you two.  Don't make a mess, 
okay?" Aeka said.  "I'm trying to enjoy my breakfast here."
	"She started it," Russ protested, but decided he was 
hungry when he saw all the food.  "Okay, Sasami, you win this 
one, but I'll get you back.  You can bet on it."  He grinned, giving 
her one of the most sinister looks he could muster.  He replaced the 
cap on his can of whipped cream and returned it to the kitchen, 
then emerged a moment later and took his seat next to Aeka.  
Sasami sat on the opposite side of her sister, continuing to giggle.  
He looked at her, continuing to give an evil little grin as he picked 
up a bowl and filled it with rice, which he consumed in a few 
seconds.  Filling the same bowl with the miso soup, he swallowed 
it all almost in one gulp.
	Eyeing Sasami, who was also watching him out of the 
corner of her eye, he covertly picked up a grain of rice that was 
stuck to his bowl, placed it between his fingers, and flicked it at 
her behind Aeka's back.  Sasami noticed it, and gave him her own 
little evil grin, as she discretely picked up her own rice grain and 
flung it at him, again behind Aeka's back.  Russ saw it coming, so 
he reached up, faster than the eye could see and grabbed it before it 
hit him, and then returned his hand to where it was.  Sasami stared 
at him, dumbfounded, since she couldn't see where the rice grain 
went.  Russ started snickering like crazy, drawing Aeka's attention.
	"What's so funny?"
	Ryoko and Tenchi were both giggling and chuckling 
lightly, which irked Aeka even more.
	"What is so funny?" she asked again, becoming more 
confused by the minute.
	Her inquisitive look only served to get everybody at the 
table laughing even harder.  Aeka shrugged her shoulders and went 
back to eating.  Russ took the grain of rice that he grabbed from 
Sasami and flung it across the table at Ryoko, which hit her in the 
cheek.  Her face went to surprise, and her smile turned evil, as she 
flung her own grain of rice across the table, which nailed Russ 
right on the nose.  Since he was now focused on Ryoko, Sasami 
flung another grain of rice at Russ, nailing him in the side of the 
head.  He cocked an eyebrow at both of them as Tenchi was doing 
his best to control himself and keep from laughing out loud.
	Sasami, Ryoko, and Russ all looked at him with an evil 
gleam in their eyes, as they all opened fire with rice grains, pelting 
him in the head.  Aeka saw that and looked harshly at all three of 
them.
	"Stop that right now!  You're behaving like children," she 
said sternly, as she glared at her sister.  Unbeknownst to her, she 
labeled herself as a target.  When she returned to eating her 
breakfast, Russ looked at the three of them and gave a very slight 
nod, grinning evilly.  Tenchi, Ryoko, Russ, and Sasami all loaded 
their fingers with rice grains and flung them all at Aeka, who was 
pelted from all sides.  She looked up in total surprise as she glared 
at all four of the participants.  Somehow, Nobuyuki managed to 
slip away during this little fiasco, sensing that something was 
going to happen.
	Fed up with their little game, she picked up her rice bowl 
and dumped the entire contents over Russ' head.  He sat there in 
complete shock, as did everybody else, as Aeka grinned 
triumphantly at him.
	"Serves you right for behaving so immaturely," she 
declared.
	Suddenly, he started laughing really hard, as he reached 
up and brushed some of the rice off of his head.
	"FOOD FIGHT!" he roared, as he reached over to the 
serving bowl, grabbed a heaping handful of rice grains, and shoved 
them right in Aeka's face, making the ball of rice explode 
everywhere.  Everybody exploded laughing, except for Aeka, who 
was now extremely red in the face and trembling with anger.  She 
reached over and picked up a handful of rice and tried to return the 
favor, but Russ opened his mouth up real wide and caught the 
clump of rice, chewing and swallowing in a few seconds.  He 
grinned widely and stuck out his tongue.
	"Missed me," he taunted, picking up another handful of 
rice and throwing it at Sasami, who was rolling around on the 
floor, laughing.  He nailed her in the side, making the rice grains 
go everywhere.
	Total chaos ensued from that point.  Everybody reached 
in toward the middle of the table in an attempt to grab whatever 
food they could get their hands on, picking targets and flinging the 
food at everyone else.  The fight lasted another few minutes until 
they ran out of ammunition, but everybody, even Aeka, were 
laughing heartily.  Ryo-Ohki had managed to hide behind the 
couch during the entire fiasco, so she emerged unscathed.  It was 
just at that moment when Washu decided to come out of her lab.  
She stopped, stared, and then facefaulted.
	"What HAPPENED in here?" she exclaimed while 
looking at the huge mess they created.
	"We ate breakfast, what else did you expect?" Russ said 
casually, through his constant snickering.  Aeka, Tenchi, Ryoko 
and Sasami all looked at Washu innocently, as she continued to 
stare dumbfounded.
	"You guys had a food fight, and DIDN'T INVITE ME?" 
she yelled, now laughing along with them.  "Oh man, what a 
mess," she said, trying to navigate around the war zone, trying to 
make her way toward the kitchen.  "Looks like you kids had fun.  
Sasami?  Did you save me anything?"
	The little blue haired princess sat up, trying to catch her 
breath from laughing so hard.  "Y... yes," she panted.  "It's in its 
usual place in the fridge."
	"Thank you, Sasami.  Oh, by the way, I finished the 
bathroom.  Just go over there," she instructed, pointing down the 
hallway to the bathroom.  "When a woman opens the door, it goes 
to the women's bath.  When a guy opens the door, it opens to the 
normal bathroom.  I took the onsen down that was over the lake, so 
that's all taken care of."  Receiving her acknowledgement, she 
disappeared into the kitchen.
	"Whew!  Now I haven't had that much fun in years!" 
Russ said, taking in a deep breath and letting it out in a contented 
sigh.
	Everybody nodded.  "Yes, I have to agree, even though it 
was extremely childish," Aeka stated, picking some of the rice 
grains off of her kimono and hair.
	"For a minute I thought you were going to kill all of us," 
Russ said, smiling.  "I'm glad you loosened up and had a little 
fun."
	"Yeah, no kidding.  I always told you to stop being so 
uptight, princess," Ryoko agreed, trying to clean herself off a little.  
"But that was a lot of fun."
	"Yeah, but now we have to clean this mess," Tenchi 
groaned, as she surveyed the disaster.  "It is going to take forever 
to get this place spotless again."
	"Not really.  If we all work together, we can have this 
place cleaned up in no time," Russ said, standing up and shaking 
off his clothes.  Everybody else looked at him, smiled and stood 
up, then tried to clean themselves off as best they could.  "Well, 
shall we get busy?"
	"Yeah," they all said in unison, as Russ picked up all the 
dirty dishes and stacked them neatly in a pile.  Tenchi retrieved the 
vacuum and Aeka grabbed the broom and dustpan, while Ryoko 
fetched the feather duster.  Sasami and Russ carried the dirty 
dishes into the kitchen and started cleaning them up, while 
everybody else set to work cleaning the living room.
	Washu continued to watch them, smiling widely, as she 
thought about some of the fun times she used to have.  Deciding 
that they'd be okay, she disappeared back into her lab, carrying her 
breakfast with her.

	A half hour later, they finished cleaning up the house, and 
then dispersed to do some activities to pass the time.  Sasami sat 
down in front of the TV and fired up the playstation, tossing in a 
fighting game as Ryo-Ohki transformed into her child form.  She 
picked up the second controller and meowed a challenge to 
Sasami, which she readily accepted.  Tenchi went up to his room to 
continue his drawing that he was working on a few days ago, and 
Ryoko tried to doze off on his bed.  Aeka picked up a cookbook 
and started reading some recipes that looked rather appetizing.  
Russ returned to his room and fetched the lyrics for the song he 
completed last night.
	He came back downstairs just as Sasami defeated Ryo-
Ohki in their little contest.  "Sasami?"
	She and the cabbit turned around.  "Yeah?  What is it?"
	Russ waved the sheet of paper in the air.  "I finished the 
lyrics for the song last night.  Here they are," he said, presenting it 
to her.
	"Oh wow!  Cool!"  She accepted the paper and looked at 
it, but her face quickly became a frown.
	"What's wrong?"
	"I can't read it," she said, looking up at him.  "I'm sorry."
	"Oh!  I didn't know you couldn't read roman characters.  
No problem.  Come along with me and I'll read the lyrics to you, 
so you can write them down in Kanji."
	"Okay, that'll work.  Where do you want to go?"
	"Lets go back to my room.  At least there will be some 
privacy there," he said, starting back up the stairs and motioning 
for her to follow.  She hesitated slightly, but followed anyway, 
against her better judgment.  He noticed her hesitation though.  
"Don't worry, I'm not going to do anything," he said, looking over 
his shoulder.  "Yet," he added with an evil cackle.  She stopped in 
her tracks and looked at him fearfully.  "Aw, come on.  Seriously, I 
won't do anything.  I promise."
	"Okay, if you say so."
	She and Ryo-Ohki followed him to his room and he shut 
the door behind them.  "Okay," he began, sitting down on the bed.  
"Take out a piece of paper from the drawer on your right, and take 
one of the pencils or pens that you'll find in the middle drawer."  
She did as she was told.  "Now, write down what I say in the form 
I tell you.  It'll help keep rhythm."
	"Okay."  She hunched over the desk, getting ready to 
write down what he said.
	"Now, the first line is…"

	About fifteen minutes later they finished, and Sasami was 
smiling widely.  "This is a great song!  I can't wait to hear the 
music that goes with it!"
	"Well, you want to go do it right now?"
	"Could you?  Please?" she begged.
	"Sure.  Let's go," he said, making his way toward the 
door.  Her smile could've crushed the most depressed mood 
anyone would've had.
	All three of them made their way downstairs and Russ 
took a seat at the organ.  He turned it on and loaded up the song 
into the computer, then turned toward Sasami, who was standing 
nearby.  "I'll sing the song to the music first, so you'll know how it 
goes.  Then you can sing it.  You can go take a seat on the couch or 
pull up a chair.  You don't have to stand there."
	"Yeah, I guess you're right."  She walked over to the 
couch and sat down, still holding her sheet of paper.  "You can 
sing too?"
	Russ put his own copy on top of the organ and read 
through it once more, hoping he'd get it right the first time.  
"Somewhat.  I'm not that good.  But anyway here goes nothing," 
he said, as he hit the play and record buttons on the computer.  All 
he had left to add was the piano portion of the song, and he 
decided to do that now.  He began playing the piano, and began to 
sing to the song titled, "I'm a Pioneer."

	[In Japanese]
	Did you know… I am a Pioneer,
	I'm on a secret mission,
	I travel the galaxy… and far beyond…

	A moment later, the song started kicking through the 
organ and Russ sang loud and clear, adding vibrato where it was 
appropriate.  Sasami's smile brightened as she listened in 
amazement, both in the song and his incredible ability to sing.  
Aeka who was in the next room dropped her cookbook in 
astonishment and went into the living room, staring at Russ who 
was currently bouncing his foot with the drumbeat and singing.  
Ryoko and Tenchi, who were now just quietly talking with each 
other in his room, heard the song start playing.  They both fell 
silent when they heard Russ' voice carry throughout the entire 
house, and they looked at each other in amazement.  Getting up off 
the bed and chair, they went downstairs and stood next to Aeka, 
who was still standing in the same spot like a statue.
	For a moment, Russ stopped singing as the organ 
continued to play the instrumental part of the song.  He smiled 
hugely at Sasami's excitement, but not noticing he had an 
audience.  Quickly approaching the second verse of the song, he 
took in a deep breath and resumed singing, and Sasami read along 
with him.
	A couple minutes later, he turned back toward the organ 
and played the ending piano portion to the song, and faded it out.  
He saved the finished piece to the computer and turned back 
toward Sasami.
	"Your turn.  You ready?"
	"R… Russ?" Aeka stammered out from her spot near the 
kitchen door.  He whirled around and looked directly into her face, 
and turned hyper red.
	"Oh my god… How long have you been standing there?  
I'm so embarrassed.  My voice isn't that good.  Sorry you had to 
hear that noise."
	"Shut up," she said.  "That was beautiful.  You can sing.  
I can't believe it.  You can play music AND SING!" she shouted, 
causing nearly every ounce of blood in Russ' body to rush to his 
face.  He felt like he was going to pass out a moment later.
	"I… I'm not that good," he whispered, trying to calm 
down.
	Ryoko and Tenchi both started clapping, and Aeka with 
Sasami joined a moment later, showing appreciation for his 
performance.  Russ just looked at the floor, clearly mortified.
	Aeka made her way over to Russ and put her arm around 
his shoulders and looked into his face.  "Really.  You have a 
beautiful voice.  I'd love to hear you sing again."
	He shook his head rapidly and turned away.  "You're just 
saying that.  Sasami?"
	"What is it, Russ?"
	"It's your turn to sing this.  It was meant for you, so let's 
give it a try, okay?"  He was trembling slightly as Aeka squeezed 
his shoulder.  "Why don't you fire up the karaoke machine so you 
can sing it nice and loud?"
	"Sure."  She went to the machine and turned it on, 
withdrawing one of the microphones and testing the volume.  "Is 
this good enough?" she asked through the system.
	"Yeah, that's good.  Are you ready?"
	"Yup!"  Her face beamed with excitement as Aeka, 
Ryoko, and Tenchi all sat down on the couch.
	"Okay.  Here we go."  He hit the play button on the organ 
and cranked up the volume a little, as the piano that he played a 
moment before began to come from the speakers, and Sasami 
began to sing her song, loudly, clearly, and perfectly.
	Five minutes later she finished, and the music faded 
away.  Everybody gave her a big round of applause, as Sasami ran 
up to Russ and threw her arms around his neck, giving him a hug.  
He returned it with a big smile, now relaxed to the point where his 
skin color returned to normal.
	"You're a great singer, Sasami.  I guess you liked that, 
eh?"
	"That was so cool!  Thank you Russ!  Can you do another 
one?"
	He looked taken aback, but he nodded his head.  "Sure.  I 
can do that for you."
	"Yay!"  She bounced up and down on her heels in 
excitement.  "I'll tell you a little about it later."
	"Oh?  You have a special theme in mind?"
	"Yeah.  I'll explain it to you later."
	"Okay.  Well, I'm going to go train for the rest of the day.  
See you guys later," he said, standing up and opening the door.
	"What?  It's raining!  You'll catch pneumonia or 
something," Aeka said, standing up herself.
	"Nah.  I need to train.  Having it rain is pretty nice, since 
it'll keep me a lot cooler while I exercise.  Besides, it helps build 
character," he said, smiling, as he stepped outside and closed the 
door behind him.  A white flash burst around him for an instant, 
changing his clothes to a pretty violet karate gi, which matched 
Aeka's eye color.  He quickly walked to the edge of the lake and 
looked at Ryu-Oh for a moment, and then he dropped down into 
the mud and began doing pushups, at five hundred ten times 
Earth's normal gravity.
	"He's crazy," she spat, glaring at him through the door.
	"Why?  Because he loves exercising?" Ryoko asked, 
watching her.
	"No, because he has to exercise in the rain!  It's crazy.  
He should have a room inside here or something for him to train in 
when we have bad weather outside."
	"Hmmm, I might be able to help with that."
	Everybody turned toward the Universe's Greatest 
Scientific Genius, who had just emerged from her lab.  "I have 
developed a special simulator room where he can test his fighting 
skills against holograms!  It's really my best piece of work for die 
hard trainers like him."
	"What does it do?"
	"Well, it's a special room where I can create computer 
sprites, which I can infuse with battle tactics from any known 
species or race that has a combative strategy, and he can fight 
against them."
	A chorus of  "Huh?" came from around the room.
	"You don't get it?  I don't know how I can explain it any 
simpler than that!"  She looked completely flustered.  "Well, 
basically it is a room where he can fight against computer 
opponents, much like Sasami does when she plays her video game.  
Russ would be one character, and he'd fight against another 
character, which is computer controlled."
	"Oh!  That sounds really neat.  I'm sure he'd like that."
	"I don't know.  But I've only developed the room.  I 
haven't put it together yet.  I've still got tons of other experiments 
to take care of first.  The gravity enhancer will be good enough for 
him for now."
	"Oh well.  No big deal.  I'm sure if you explain it to him, 
he'd be very happy," Aeka said.  "I'd be happy too, since he won't 
have to train out in the rain anymore."
	"I suppose.  Well, why don't you ladies try out the new 
bath?  I'm sure you people would want to get cleaned up after your 
little war."
	Ryoko and Aeka looked at each and nodded their heads.  
Tenchi also nodded.  "So when I open the bathroom door, I'll just 
get the normal bathroom?"
	"Yup."
	"Oh.  I guess that's okay.  I liked the onsen though."
	"Sorry Tenchi.  I could modify your bathroom to 
something nicer, if you want."
	"Why don't you just give him access to the women's 
bath?" Ryoko asked.
	Tenchi blushed slightly.  "No, that's okay.  I don't mind 
that much."
	"Are you sure, Tenchi?  It would be a snap to give you 
access to the bathroom," Washu offered.
	"I'm sure.  Thanks though."
	"Suit yourself.  If you still want access to the bathroom, 
one of the girls can let you in."
	"Okay."
	"Well, I need to get back to work.  I just came out to put 
my dishes away.  See you guys later."
	"Okay, and thanks, Little Washu," Aeka said, turning 
away from watching Russ.
	Nobuyuki poked his head around the corner.  "Can I have 
access to the women's bath?"
	Everybody spun around and looked straight at him.  
"NO!" they all shouted at once.
	"Darn.  Well, it's time for me to go to work.  See you 
guys tonight.  Save dinner for me.  I think I'm going to be real late 
at the office again," he said, his face downcast.
	"Okay Dad.  See you when you get home."

	June 19 approached very rapidly, which was the day they 
were all supposed to leave to go to Jurai to see the Startica festival, 
which begins on June 21.  The house was bustling with hurried 
chaos, as everybody was trying to get his or her things packed in 
preparation to leave.  People were racing all over the hallways, 
gathering up their belongings and desperately trying to remember 
not to forget anything.  The excitement level was really high, and 
so was the stress level.  Shoulders were bumped in nearly every 
hallway, and the constant thumping of feet rumbled throughout the 
house for most of the morning.
	Aeka was completely stressed out as she hurriedly packed 
all of her stuff in various luggage cases, trying to remember 
everything she needed to bring, such as her lipstick, perfume, her 
favorite kimono, hairdryer, and her hairbrush.  The nagging feeling 
that she forgot something continued to prick at her conscience, but 
that was typical for anybody who was leaving for a trip.
	"Oh, I hate this!  I know I forgot something!" she cried 
out, hurriedly double checking everything in her luggage.  Sasami 
was nearby, packing her own things.
	"Don't worry so much, Aeka!  We still have an hour to go 
before we actually have to leave.  Besides, we're going home.  If 
you forgot something, we could always get you a new one there."  
She put her hands on her hips and watched her sister frantically 
look around for an item that she had already packed away.  She 
couldn't help but giggle.
	"It's not funny, Sasami!  Now where did I put that thing," 
she muttered, rummaging through the suitcases and other 
belongings.  Sasami rolled her eyes and continued folding her 
clothes and carefully putting them in her suitcase.
	"Mom is going to be so surprised to have us come home!  
I can't wait to see her again," she sighed, her eyes twinkling.
	Aeka smiled.  "Yeah.  It'll be nice to visit with mom, dad, 
Azaka, and Kamadake.  Dad is probably going to be furious with 
me for staying away for so long."  Her stress level climbed a few 
more notches.
	"I wouldn't worry about father.  Mom can take care of 
him," she giggled.  "Don't worry so much.  It's not good for the 
complexion, as Ryoko always says."
	Aeka rolled her eyes.  "You just too young to understand 
yet.  You will, once you get older."
	"There's that age excuse again.  Just don't let it get to 
you!"
	"That's easy for you to say since you don't have to worry 
about things like this."
	"Oh?  And what don't I have to worry about?"
	"Um…" Aeka was at a loss for words.
	"See?  You're all packed.  Just relax a little.  We'll get 
our stuff packed into Ryo-Ohki in a little while.  Let's just carry 
our stuff down and set them outside on the porch.  That's what 
everyone else is doing."
	She let out a sigh of defeat.  "Okay.  I guess you're right."  
Lifting up some of her luggage, she tried to carry it out into the 
hallway, but she packed so much stuff that it made her suitcases 
weigh a considerable amount.  One of the suitcases slipped out of 
her hand and landed on the floor with a huge thump, echoing 
throughout the house.  Russ just happened to be standing nearby, 
and he poked his head out of the room, wondering what was going 
on.
	"Need some help, Aeka?"
	"Could you please?  I overstuffed my suitcases."
	"Sure, no problem."  He turned back into the room and 
said something that Aeka couldn't make out, and then he walked 
over to her, bending down and lifting her suitcase with ease.  "I 
assume you want these outside on the porch?"
	"Yeah, thank you very much."
	"Not a problem," he said with a grin.  "Let me get that 
other one for you too."  He reached out and took the other suitcase 
out of Aeka's hand, then went downstairs.
	Aeka watched him go, and then she returned to her room, 
grabbing another two suitcases.  Fortunately, these were lighter 
than the ones she tried carrying out a minute ago, so she managed 
to get them to the porch without incident.  Sasami followed closely 
behind with her own two suitcases, and set them down next to her 
sister's luggage.  Russ came out the door a moment later and 
tossed his duffel bag into the pile.  Aeka stared at it, and then at 
him.
	"Is that all you're bringing?"
	He looked at her with mock surprise.  "What?  You think 
I should bring my entire wardrobe for just a week?"
	"At least more than that!" she yelled, pointing at his 
luggage.
	"I don't NEED more than that.  Remember, I can generate 
my clothes on a whim if I want."
	"You haven't generated anything except karate gi's!  
What else can you generate?"
	"I can generate karate gi's only.  But that's what I like to 
wear.  They're comfortable and I look good in them."
	Aeka threw up her hands in frustration and went back 
inside.  Russ started chuckling to himself when the doorbell rang.
	"I'll get it," Russ said, making his way over to the front 
door.
	"Hi!  We're here!" Mihoshi announced.
	"Yeah, we're here," Kiyone said, looking very tired.  
"Where should we put our luggage?"
	"What's wrong, Kiyone?"
	"We pulled a late night shift again.  There was no way to 
get out of it."  She let out a big yawn and stretched.
	"Oh, sorry to hear it.  There will be plenty of room on my 
friend's ship to sleep, so you can catch a few winks when we 
leave."  Russ spied their suitcases behind them.  "I'll take care of 
your luggage.  Everybody else is more or less done packing 
everything so go on inside and make yourselves comfortable for 
now."
	"Thanks a lot," she sighed, trudging into the house.  Russ 
looked back at Mihoshi, who was energetic as usual.  He closed the 
door behind them, holding all of their suitcases and duffel bags.
	"How come you're not tired like she is?"
	"I had fallen asleep during patrol last night.  Kiyone never 
woke me back up."
	"I see.  Well anyway, how do you guys like your new 
apartment?  I never had the chance to ask you about it since you 
moved out on a whim last week."
	"It's nice!  It's the same one we had before.  The rent is 
real cheap since we can't afford…" she had a hand over her mouth 
again.
	"You always say one word too many!" Kiyone growled at 
her.  Russ just smiled and shook his head, snickering lightly.
	"Well, at least you won't have to worry about finances on 
this trip.  Aeka had said that we'd most likely stay in the Royal 
Palace, so room and board will be free.  Anyway, where do you 
guys park the Yagami now?  I haven't seen it in a while."
	"We leave it in orbit and transport aboard when we need 
to go out on an emergency," Kiyone explained.  "Makes it nicer 
than that little patrol shuttle we used to have."
	"Yeah, sounds like it.  Cool."  Russ made his way into the 
living room followed by the two Galaxy Police Officers.  "Hey 
guys, Kiyone and Mihoshi are here."
	Nobuyuki, Katsuhito, Washu, Ryoko, and Tenchi all 
turned and greeted them warmly.  Russ took their luggage and 
added it to the mountain of suitcases and travel bags on the porch.
	"Why do women have so much luggage?" he mumbled to 
himself.

	Looking back inside the house, Russ decided the crowd 
was too big, so he made his way out to the lake, intending to burn 
the remaining time away.  He had already taken care of everything 
that needed to be done.  The homing beacon on his spacepod was 
active, and would deactivate an hour after they left.  That was the 
most important thing he had to remember, or his friend would have 
had no idea where to pull into orbit at.  All preparations were 
complete, and he felt a little tinge of excitement, happy to be 
leaving the place and to see Jurai for the first time.
	Lifting off the ground, he flew out to Ryu-oh's tree, and 
sat down on one of the roots that were above the water.  Looking at 
his reflection, he smiled, remembering what Aeka had told him 
about this tree a couple days ago.  It was really quite interesting.  
Apparently, before she crash-landed on Earth, this tree was 
actually a spaceship, or more accurately, the heart of the ship, sort 
of like a main computer that controls everything.  She also 
explained that this tree was her own personal tree, which she had 
since she was born.  Russ noticed that she was a little downcast, 
since she was remembering all the trips she had made with her 
ship.
	"What's wrong?  You seem a little sad," he had told her, 
watching her expression after she told him all about her tree and 
the ship, and how she crashed into the earth, forever rooting it to 
the soil.
	"Oh, nothing," she said.
	"I'm sorry that your ship cannot fly anymore, Aeka.  Do 
you sometimes wish that it could?"
	"Sometimes.  A lot.  Yes," she said, looking into his eyes.  
"I'd love for Ryu-Oh to fly once again, but that's impossible, but at 
least my tree survived the crash and regenerated itself."
	"Yeah, I guess so.  But anyway, I had meant to ask you 
something.  When is your birthday?"
	She looked at him in surprise.  "Why?"
	"Just curious."
	"September 21, according to Earth calendar."
	"Ahhh, cool.  Mine is October 6," he said, getting a huge 
idea for a killer birthday present.  His facial expression hinted that 
he was thinking of something.
	"What are you doing?"
	He turned back toward her.  "I just thought of a really 
neat birthday present for you."
	"Oh?  What?"
	"Ahhh no.  I'm not giving away any secrets," he 
snickered.
	"You're thinking about getting me a new ship, aren't 
you?"
	"No, nothing like that.  Where would you fly to, 
anyway?"
	"Good point.  I don't want to leave this place."
	"Even though I've only been here two weeks, I don't 
want to leave either.  I love this planet and staying here with you 
guys," he said, looking back toward the house where Sasami was 
chasing Ryo-Ohki all over the place.  "It's very calm and peaceful 
here."
	"Yes.  That's why I like it here too."
	"Yeah.  So, have you been enjoying your ability to fly?" 
he asked, changing the subject.
	"It's very interesting, but it gives me a feeling of freedom.  
I'm glad you showed me how to do that kind of thing."
	"Would you like to learn something new?"
	"Like what?" she asked, becoming interested.
	"I could show you how to shoot energy blasts like I do."
	"Thanks, but I can already do that."
	"Really?  I've never seen you do it before.  I just saw 
those little log things when you were about to fry Washu," he 
laughed.
	"It's really rare when I do that kind of thing.  Strangely 
enough, both times that I had done it recently was against both 
Kagato's.  When we were fighting on the Soja, Kagato had thrown 
Ryoko into a cement pillar, and then tried to run her through with 
his sword.  Fortunately she dodged it, and I flung an energy ball 
into his face.  Didn't work, though."  She frowned.  "There was the 
other time when Tenchi was fighting the imposter Yosho, who was 
also named Kagato.  He was about to kill Tenchi, and I had flung 
an energy ball at him, which also didn't work."
	Russ snickered.  "You got to put a lot of power behind an 
energy blast or it won't do squat, especially against someone who 
is stronger than you are.  If that is the case, fling only real low 
powered energy balls just to distract him, then nail him from 
behind.  I speak from experience."
	"You've had that kind of thing happen before?"
	"Oh yes, of course.  I'm strong, but I'm by no means the 
strongest person in existence.  Remember, Zorpheus is just as 
powerful as I am, and he is a very skilled fighter.  We're so close 
to being equal it isn't funny."  His complexion went to concern.
	"Can you tell me a little more about him, Russ?" 
	"Sure.  I had met him a long, long time ago.  He had 
visited Earth with his parents, since his and my parents were good 
friends.  The only difference between him and I is he is a Saiyan-
Human hybrid.  However, he loves to sprout that he's a Saiyan 
warrior, almost as if he's ashamed of his human qualities.  He may 
not be a hundred percent Saiyan like me, but he's just as powerful.  
He likes wearing dark cloaks and odd clothes, too."
	"Nagi likes wearing cloaks as well.  Wonder if they're 
related?" she giggled.
	"Heh, I have no idea.  But anyway, his eyes are red.  Not 
like mine, where I have black dots for pupils, but he has red irises 
and black pupils.  One of the human traits that surfaced on him."
	"You're kidding!  Nagi also has red eyes."
	Russ looked at her then scratched his head.  "Freaky.  But 
anyway, as far as the rest of him is concerned, he looks similar to 
Prince Vegeta.  His hairstyle is similar, but more flat, and he's just 
a tad bit shorter than I am."  He thought a moment.  "Everybody 
says I look like Goku.  Well, in a way, I guess I do.  The hair is 
identical to his and I wear the same kind of gi he does, but I'm just 
a little taller than him, and my face is only slightly different from 
his.  But I can see why people make that mistake."
	"Who was Goku?"
	"He was the Earth's greatest hero.  He was the most 
powerful Saiyan in existence.  He had no equal, and he was just the 
perfect example of a hero.  He was amazing, from what I 
understand from record books.  It's been over a thousand years 
since he lived.  His kids carried on his legacy for a while, until the 
Saiyan traits began to fade due to breeding with other non-Saiyan 
types."
	"Interesting.  Well, I'm going to go back inside and watch 
my soap with Ryoko.  It's just about that time."
	Russ cringed.  "Okay, have fun."  Both of them stood up 
and flew over the lake, landing on the ground near the house.  "I'm 
going to continue training.  See you later."
	"Okay, don't train too hard."
	"I won't," he snickered, as she went inside and he began 
his enhanced gravity training at six hundred times normal gravity.

	Russ continued to sit at the tree, still caught up in his 
daydream, and he didn't see Aeka float over the water.
	"Russ?  What are you doing out here?"
	"Oh, hi there," he said, snapping out of his trance and 
greeting her with a warm smile.  "Is it time to go?"
	"Just about.  It's quarter to noon, and it'll take Ryo-Ohki 
about five minutes to bring all our stuff onboard and get into 
orbit."
	"Alright.  Well, let's get Ryo-Ohki prepped and at least 
get our stuff loaded.  My friend should already be in orbit, actually.  
He's usually early.  We can go right now, but he won't decloak his 
ship until noon, so we won't know where he's at."
	"What is this cloak you keep telling us about?"
	"Well, it hides his ship from sensors and sight.  It's really 
neat, actually.  He can sit right in front of you and you'd never 
know he was there, until he either opened fire or decloaked his 
ship, or you ran into it on accident.  You didn't know anything 
about cloaking devices?" he asked, looking surprised.  "I figured 
Jurai's military would have something similar, by the way you tell 
me about their ships and the like."
	"No, we don't have anything like that, nor have ever 
heard anything like it."
	Russ and Aeka lifted off into the air and landed near the 
porch.  Ryo-Ohki was sitting right outside, patiently waiting for 
when she was supposed to transform.
	"It's a very complex piece of equipment.  As far as we 
know, there are only a few other races out there that have this type 
of technology.  He is a smooth bargainer, and he managed to 
purchase the technology and modify it to his needs."
	"Wow.  Sounds neat," she said, pretending to be 
interested.
	"Well anyway, I'm sure you're not interested in techno 
babble.  Ryo-Ohki!  Are you ready?"
	She meowed an affirmative, as Russ picked her up off the 
porch.  Everybody who was sitting in the living room noticed and 
they all stood up, making their way outside as Russ threw the 
cabbit into the air and watched her transform.
	"I still get a kick out of that," he laughed.  "Okay!  
Transport all the luggage aboard, and then bring us up," he shouted 
up to her, who meowed in response.  Bit by bit, the luggage 
vanished, rematerializing inside of the spaceship in her cargo hold.
	A few minutes later she finished, and then transported 
everyone onboard.  Ryoko sat down in the pilot seat, while many 
other chairs appeared throughout the ship.
	"Okay, is everybody here?  Let's see, Ryoko, Washu, 
Mihoshi, Kiyone, Katsuhito, Nobuyuki, Sasami, Aeka, Ryo-Ohki, 
Azaka, Kamadake, and myself.  Okay, great.  Did we lock up the 
house and everything?"
	"I did, so there's no need to worry!" Mihoshi said from 
her seat next to Kiyone.
	"Ryo-Ohki!  Transport me back to the surface for a 
moment."  Russ vanished and reappeared on the ground.  He 
quickly darted to every door, checking to make certain they were 
locked.  One door wasn't, so he quickly bolted it.  Placing two 
fingers to his head, he teleported himself back onboard, rather than 
bug the cabbit.
	"Okay, everything is locked NOW," he said, grinning at 
Mihoshi, who was giggling and scratching the back of her head.  
"Ryoko, take us up and put us in geosynchronous orbit with 
Earth."
	"Why?"
	Russ looked at her like she had grown a third limb.  "Just 
do it.  My friend should be real close to that spot."
	"Well, okay.  Let's go, Ryo-Ohki!"  She meowed and 
shot up into the atmosphere, and a few moments later, they were at 
their designated height.
	"Wow, she can really move fast.  Okay, it's a minute till, 
so let's wait and see where my friend is hiding."
	"He's not here."
	"Oh yes he is.  Just wait and see."
	Everybody looked out the windows, but didn't see 
anything.
	Russ started snickering.  "Five… four… three… two… 
one…" he said.  Just as he got to one, a massive section of space 
near Ryo-Ohki began to bend and fold, almost as if reality was 
warping next to them.  Everybody gasped and Ryo-Ohki meowed a 
warning, and prepared to open fire with her cannon.
	"Whoa, whoa!  Take it easy!" he shouted.  A few 
moments later, a huge, massive ship appeared where the spatial 
distortion occurred.  "And there it is."
	"It's… HUGE!"  Ryoko sputtered, clearly in awe, as she 
admired the gleaming white hull.
	"What kind of ship is that?" Washu asked, clearly 
impressed.
	"Well, I'll explain it to you once we get onboard.  Ryo-
Ohki, fly down under the ship and there will be a huge hangar bay 
underneath.  He'll use tractor beams to pull us in."
	The cabbit meowed a shaky affirmative, but complied.  
They slowly moved under the massive hulk of the ship, which was 
bristling with weaponry.  Washu pulled out her phantom computer, 
trying to run an analysis on the ship, but couldn't get a reading on 
it.
	"That's some weird armor on that thing.  I can't analyze 
it."
	"I'm not surprised.  But anyway, let's get onboard and I'll 
tell you all about it, and introduce you to my good friend who is 
the captain of this vessel, and who is also the owner and the man 
who wanted this thing built."
	"Okay," Washu said, looking the ship over from end to 
end.  "It's sixteen hundred meters in length, and I can detect a huge 
power output from it, too."
	Everybody continued to stare at the starship as they were 
pulled into the hangar bay.
