Disclaimer: I of course do not own any of these characters someone else 
designed and created them. I am not doing this for money so please don't 
sue me I'm totally broke anyway.

Chapter2 
No Need for Chaos!




   One week later. "Oh jeez I'm beat." Tenchi said as he got up from the 
table after finishing his dinner. "That was a great meal Sasami. Well 
I'm off to bed. Good night."

"Good night Tenchi." They all said pretty much at the same time.

"Hey Tenchi." Ryoko said causing Tenchi to stop.

"Yes Ryoko?"

"You said you were beat right?"

"Uhhh... Yeah why do you ask?" Tenchi said uneasily.

"Well I was just going to say I'd be more than happy to help you relax." 
Ryoko said seductively with a sly grin on her face. At this Tenchi's 
face flushed and he could sense that familiar feeling in his nose again.

"RYOKO!!!! Please for once will you not embarrass Lord Tenchi and let 
him get a little peace for a change!" Ayeka growled through clenched 
teeth.

"Ryoko don't start anything and please stop doing that." Tenchi said as 
he turned to go upstairs.

"All right, good night Tenchi pleasant dreams... But only as long as 
they're about me."

"Yeah, yeah goodnight." Tenchi then rounded the corner at the top of the 
stairs and went to his room. As he changed into his sleeping kimono 
(Fancy word for pajamas) he was deep in thought. {Man this is driving me 
nuts, I love Ryoko there's no doubt of that, and it's pretty obvious she 
fills the same way. I've been given millions of chances to "BE" with her 
and yet I've turned them all down because I can't bare to hurt Ayeka and 
the fact that she has the most powerful military force that if I were to 
tell her the truth she might chuck the entire Jurai Royal Navy at Ryoko 
if not me as well, I don't think even Ryoko could blast and curse her 
way out if that happened. Dang it if it were a "Normal" girl (the total 
opposite of what he was handling with.) he wouldn't be as hesitant to 
tell her. Also the fact that they seem to like him on a level that if he 
dared turn one down she would probably go insane and commit suicide,
and I couldn't live with that, but I can't hide my true feelings forever 
if I wait to long one or both may leave.} Tenchi argued with himself 
late into the night until sleep overcame him. Meanwhile Ryoko was using 
every bit of self-control to fight the urge to go see Tenchi.

"No, I can't go see him, Tenchi's way to tired from working on the 
house. @#$! I want to see him; I don't know why I have a stronger urge 
than usual, HA! I didn't think that was possible. I'm still mad though!" 
Crash Ryoko smashed a hole in the ceiling. "Oh CRAP! Tenchi's gonna kill 
me, he spent a whole week fixing the house, and it took a lot out of him 
and now he has to do it again." Washu's voice could suddenly be heard in 
Ryoko's head.

{Don't worry about it Ryoko I'll fix it.} Ryoko was pretty surprised at 
this.

{You... Will. Ok MOM! What's the catch?} Ryoko yelled through the link.

{There is no catch this time Ryoko... Well maybe an itsy bitsy little 
favor.}

{Oh yeah, like what?}

{You've got to call me Mom! And mean it to!} The little genius said 
playfully as Ryoko fell to the floor. {Jeez! I'm just playing, you need 
to lighten up "Little Ryoko" now you get to sleep." Washu said still in 
a childish manner.   

{Don't call me little!} Ryoko yelled as she closed the link.

    The next morning Tenchi went to get an early start on the carrot 
fields seeing it still needed work from the crater Mihoshi had made on 
the far end. Tenchi surveyed what still had to be fixed and shook his 
head. "That Mihoshi's one of a kind, no one else could wreck their ship 
every time they returned and tried to land it. Well, I better get to 
work." While Tenchi worked Ryoko was in a tree right above him.

{Tenchi you're so cute when you're working, well you're always cute, 
it's just more noticeable when you're sweating.} Ryoko thought. Ryo-Ohki 
was hopping past when she saw her mistress in the tree. The cabbit 
decided to scare Ryoko a little in hopes that she would "stumble" upon 
Tenchi. Slowly the cabbit moved up the tree being very careful not to 
attract Tenchi or Ryoko's attention. She finally arrived right behind 
her mistress and.

"MMMMIIIIIIYYYYYAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!"  Ryo-Ohki wailed at the top of her 
lungs.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!" Ryoko said just as loud as she 
fell from the tree. Ryo-Ohki's plan worked. Ryoko landed right in 
Tenchi's arms knock the hoe from his hand sending it spinning high in 
the air. Tenchi was beet red.

"RYOKO!!! What are you doing!?" Tenchi said angrily. Tenchi however was 
very glad to see her, come to think of it he always was but he had to 
keep his shy and uninterested visage.

"Huh! I was just dropping in Tenchi. You're not mad are you I just 
decided I wanted to be with you right now." Ryoko said this having 
discovered Ryo-Ohki's intentions. Suddenly the hoe came flying back 
down; Ryoko reached out her hand and caught it.

"No Ryoko you have to get off of me so I can get back to work. Now give 
me back my hoe." Ryoko's beam sword erupted engulfing the hoe.

"What hoe?" She said playfully.

"Oh, all right Ryoko lets hear what you have to say."

" Well I..." Ryoko was cut short by an earth shaking noise.

"CCCHHHOOOWWW!!!!" A space ship much like Ryo-Ohki.

"That's Ken-Ohki" Ryoko said a look of worry on her face.

"Who's Ken..." Tenchi suddenly disappeared and Ryo-Ohki ran off to meet 
Ken-Ohki.

"Tenchi!? Tenchi where'd you go?" Suddenly Washu walked out of one of 
her sub-space portals.

"Ryoko this message came from Nagi." Washu said as calmly
as she could. Ryoko read the message.

"Ryoko, I've captured the one you love and if you don't want him killed 
then come to the earths moon." The image of Nagi quickly faded as the 
message came to an end. Ryoko was enraged and blasted Washu's holo-
computer.

"I'll Kill her! I didn't think even Nagi would stoop that low. Washu I 
need a ship."

"Why you've got Ryo-Ohki." Washu asked a puzzled look on her face.

"Ryo-Ohki went to meet that womanizing Ken-Ohki. Doesn't she understand 
that she's to good for him and that he'll never respect her." Ryoko said 
as if Washu was the cabbit herself.

"Ok I will get one ready as soon as possible."

"Oh, Washu one more thing this is my problem, DON'T tell Ayeka or anyone 
else."

"Oh and the fact that you want to rescue Tenchi and maybe spend a little 
time with him. Don't worry Ryoko I won't tell Ayeka." With that Washu 
phased out and reappeared and started preparing the ship. The ship was 
designed for strength rather than speed seeing as the moon wasn't very 
far off.

Meanwhile Ryoko was brushing up on her fighting tactics. "Dang I'm 
rusty, but I will save Tenchi." She formed an energy ball; this one 
however was blue rather than her usual orange energy ball. Ryoko threw 
the ball up and started chasing it at a blinding speed batting the ball 
and dodging it when it bounced back. She was doing well by our standards 
but she was silently cursing herself.

"This is the one Ryoko is in love with. What a worthless human. Ryoko 
must be slipping." Nagi said as she slapped Tenchi.

"Shut up, don't talk about her like that." Tenchi said his voice full of 
hatred.

"Why not? She's just a pathetic little whore." Nagi laughed at a now 
even more enraged Tenchi, she soon learned the consequences of talking 
about Ryoko in any other than something wonderful. "What?"

Tenchi started to glow, but instead of his usual light blue aura it was 
dark blue. Tenchi then ripped the cuffs of the wall and the Light Hawk 
Wings sprang from his body but like the surrounding aura they were also 
dark blue but in a shiny metallic way. One of his wings went through his 
body and again his suit was different instead of his normal robe type 
suit it was a blue armor with the Light Hawk Symbol on the front. Tenchi 
lost all shred of control and hurled one of the Light Hawk Wings at her 
hitting her and sending her flying into the wall and was sandwiched in 
between the wall and the wing leaving an impressive dent in the wall. 
Tenchi then grabbed another wing as the others reappeared and squeezed 
his hand over it and pulled down and formed the magnificent Light Hawk 
Sword. Tenchi ran at Nagi who tried to dodge but wasn't completely 
successful and was stabbed in the side and coughed up blood. Tenchi 
Having exerted such energy in his rage, dispersed the and Tenchi 
returned to normal and collapsed.

"You worthless piece of crap how dare you strike me." Nagi said through 
clenched teeth holding her side. Wham! Nagi kicked Tenchi right in the 
head sending him flying into a wall, she then commanded Ken-Ohki to form 
new restraints.

"Chow!" The cabbit complied.

"He has a magnificent power has not fully surfaced, but if it does who 
could well become the strongest being in the world, one might go as far 
as to say a god (cough)." Nagi coughed up some blood and sat down in the 
command chair. Tenchi wounded her severely. She then increased speed.

"It's finished I am such a gen..." Washu's victory line was cut short by 
Ryoko.

"Shut up Washu! We don't have time for your stupid victory line." Washu 
bot A suddenly appeared.

"Don't talk to Washu like that she's a..."BOOM! Ryoko toasted the Washu 
bot. Washu was pissed but didn't say anything due to the current 
situation.

"Lets go." Ryoko said as Washu without a word beamed them up.

Authors Note: Hello again. I hope you're enjoying my writing if not 
please send me some advice, criticism, or praise to Bomberini@aol.com. 
Remember people this is my first fic so bare with me and when you send 
flames don't be to harsh. Thanks I'll have more chapters out until then 
SEE YA!  
