 summary: After making a big mess in the profesors lab, the girls are 
banned from it, but Blossom left her favorite book in the profesors lab 
and can't wait til he get's back. Th Blossom and Buttercup sneek in the 
lab and acdentaly push the activate button of the profesors transporter 
machine while fighting with Bubbles and is sucked in to the Tenchi 
World.



 The City Of Townsville and enough of all that crap.

"STOP IT BUTTERCUP!" Blossom yelled

"You said you weren't here so i decided to tap my pencil on my desk." 
Buttercup said frowning at Blossom

Miss Keean had left the room for a second and Blossom was in charge of 
keeping the room quite and make sure nothing gets out of control.

"Well I am here so quit." Blossom said hovering in the air.

"It's a free country "RED" so I can do what ever I want." Buttercup said 
also hovering in the air.

"I'm in charge! So, I want you to stop." Blossom said with a smart look 
on her face.

"Oh yeah! Well who died and made you princess of the universe. I know I 
sure didn't." Buttercup said with the same look.

"Miss Keean said that I was in charge of keeping everything in order and 
that's what I'm doing."
Blossom said.

"What's so bad about me tapping my pencil on my desk. I couldn't talk, I 
couldn't play cards now I can't tap my stupid pencil on my desk! What 
next? I can't breath!?" Buttercup said almost out of breath.

"What you are trying to do is anoy me. That's it!" Blossom said 
clinching her fist.

"You wanna make something of it "RED!?" Buttercup clinching her fist.

"I do enjoy a good cat fight." Mitch said

"SHUT UP MITCH!" Blossom and Buttercup said.

"Uh.....Blossom....Buttercup" Bubbles said with a worried look.

"Not right now Bubbles." Blossom said still glaring at Buttercup. "Yeah! 
Were busy right now." Buttercup said.

"So busy that you can't listen to your teacher?" a voice said from the 
doorway.

Blossom and Buttercup turned around slowly and saw Miss Keean.

"Blossom! I'm disapointed in you." Miss Keean said with a upset look 
that parents and grown ups always  give to little kids. "I leave the 
room for one second and here you are picking a fight with Buttercup. 
Maybe next time I'll put Bubbles in charge."

"No! I'm sorry Miss Keean." Blossom said. "I tried to tell Buttercup to 
stop making noise. It was getting a anoying and she was making me mad."

Miss Keean looked at Buttercup.

"She was getting too bossy." Buttercup said. "I couldn't even  play 
cards."

Miss Keean just sighed and rolled her eyes. "What am I gonna do with you 
two?"

All of a sudden the bell rings and class was dismissed. The girls zoomed 
off in the direction home.

"Thanks for getting me in trouble Buttercup!" Blossom said still looking 
ahead. "I almost got detention because of you."

"Well, If hadn't been bossy, none of that would have happend" Buttercup 
said

"Will you two please cool it!" Bubbles yelled. "you both are acting like 
babies!"

The girls finaly got home and put there stuff in their room and went to 
see what the profesor was up too. 

"Profesor!" Blossom yelled. "Buttercup got me in trouble."

"Did not!" Buttercup said. "I was the other way around. Sh-"

"SSSSSSSHHHHHHHHH!!!!!" The profesor said. He lowered his voice down to 
a whisper. "I'm making fuel that can never stop. It's like gas but it 
doesn't cause polution and it can last up to 90 years! Just no sudden 
sound or movments till I get done. So how was school?"

"Buttercup got me in trouble." Blossom said whispered

"What! Buttercup! How many times have I told you not to make Blossom 
mad." The profesor said still working on the project.

"It wasn't my fault." Buttercup said also whispering. "She started it."

"Did not!" Blossom's voice started to get louder.

"Blossom! Be quite! The Profesor said to keep quite." Bubbles said 
standing by the Profesor. "We all don't want to be blown to 
smetherines." 

"Did to!" Buttercup said her voice even louder

"Did Not!" Blossom was now at her regular voice

"Girls! Please!" The Profesor said watching the chemacal boil.

"Did Too." Buttercup was also at the regular voice level.

"THAT'S IT! I'VE HAD IT WITH YOU.....I HATE YOU!" Blossom and Buttercup 
said together.

"NNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOO!" The Profesor and Bubbles said.


BBBBBBBBBBBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMM!

The lab exploded and everything was burnt. The Profesor had his goggles 
on. He took them off and he looked like a racoon. Bubbles was coughing 
up all the dirt and rubbing her eyes.

"Blossom and Buttercup! You are now BANNED from the lab for 2 weeks." 
The Profesor said rubbing all the dirt from his face.

"But...But..." Blossom and Buttercup was saying.

"OUT!" The Profesor said. "Bubbles. You too."

"What! Why me I didn't do anything." Bubbles said still covered in her 
charcoal.

"I know but when one gets punished you all do." The Profesor said 
holding Bubbles. "You know the rules."

"I understand Profesor." Bubbles said hanging her head.

"I'll let you come in when I'm home. Right now I have go to the Scince 
Convention. I'll be back but 10:00pm." The Profesor said while wiping 
his face. "I think you can do with out a Babysitter, you know what to do 
when Blossom and Buttercup fight?"

"Yes. I'm supose to call the police to break up the fight." Bubbles said 
all proud and mighty.

"That's my girl. I'll be back. You behave." The Profesor said grabbing 
his coat and jacket. He got in the old Elcomeno and drove away.

"Oh. Why can't we all just get along?" Bubbles said with a sigh.

Blossom poked out of the room.

"Hey Bubbles!" Blossom said poking out of the room. "Where's the 
Profesor?"

"He went to a convention." Bubbles said. "Why?"

"I need to go to his lab." Blossom said "I need to get a certain book."

"No Way! The Profesor said your banned from the lab." Bubbles said 
blocking Blossom way to the lab.

"C'mon Bubbles." Blossom said with a sweet face.  "I just want to get a-
Now Buttercup!"

Buttercup swoshed downstairs into the profesors lab. Bubbles was so 
shocked that she didn't even see Blossom make her move.

"Hey come back!" Bubbles yelled. "The Lab is off limets."

Bubbles quickly zoomed after the girls. Blossom quickly slamed the door. 
Bubbles crashed agenst it and rubbed her head.

"Come out of there right now." Bubbles said. "I'm gonna bust the door 
down!"

"Did you find it Buttercup?" Blossom said still holding the door. "She's 
tring to break the door down."

"What's so important about this book?" Buttercup said.

"It's a secret. Remember whats in it for you?" Blossom said as Bubbles 
was counting down to 10.

"I can't find it." Buttercup said. "Are you sure its over here?"

"Positive!" Blossom said.

Bubbles was already at 1 when the door came down and Blossom tumbled 
down the stairs.

"OUT!" Bubbles said screaming at the top of her lungs.

"I found it!" Buttercup said.

"Give it to me!" Blossom yelled. 

She flew at Buttercup and tackled her to the ground.

"I can't belive I found it!" Blossom said standing on Buttercup. 

"What was it?" Buttercup said.

"My Diary!" Blossom said so happy and pleased.

"Give it!" Bubbles said.

Bubbles flew at Blossom and pushed her and Buttercup agenst the wall.

"It's mine!" Blossom said

"I don't care." Bubbles said strugling with the book. "You broke house 
rules and you have to suffer."

As Blossom ansd Bubbles was tuging on the book they were pushing 
Buttercup closer to the Transporter 9000.

"Stop fighting." Buttercup said getting closer to the button. Then she 
finaly was shoved onto the button. A big flash of light covered the lab, 
knocking the diary out of Blossom and Bubbles grasp sucking it into the 
Transporter 9000.

"No!" Blossom yelled leaping into the circle of light. Buttercup grabed 
Blossom by the foot and started to pull on her.

"Let go of the book "red"!" Buttercup yelled still trying to pull her 
in. Bubbles got behind Buttercup and pulled on her too.

"NO!" Blossom said tring to pull the book out of the warp. "It holds all 
my memories and personal things and it shouldn't get into anyones hands 
but mine!"

"Blossom your being a poop head!" Bubbles said straning to pull 
Buttercup and Blossom.

"She's right! Let go of the book! I'm losing my grip." Buttercup said 
tuging on Blossom even harder.

Then they herd a cardoor slam.

"Ah! The Profesors back" Bubbles said. "Turn it off! I'm losing my 
ground!"

Bubbles feet was coming off the ground. Then the lab door opened. It was 
the Profesor!

"GIRLS!" He said he ran down the stairs to turn off the machine but it 
was too late. Bubbles was lifted off the ground and sucked into the 
portal with Blossom and Bubbles. The Profesor leaped to grab Bubbles but 
she was gone. They were sucked in and dissapered.

"No! I have to fix the machine." The profesor leaped up and got straght 
to work.

MEANWHILE

The girls were traveling through time and space until they were 
catapolted through a window and on to a kitchen floor. 

".......Ouch." a girl said. The girls was sitting on top of a small girl 
with blue hair and pigtails wearing and apron with carrots on it.

"Yes! I got my diary!" Blossom said kissing the book.

"Sure! You have the book." Buttercup said with her fist in a ball. "Now 
your gonna get a black eye."

"Yeah?! You and what army?" Blossom said putting the book in her 
backpack she was still wearing.

"Me and this army." Buttercup said holding up a fist.

"Oh yeah?!" Blossom said

"Yeah!" Buttercup said

"Quite!" Bubbles said "Are you ok?" Bubbles said helping Sasami up.

"Yeah. I'm ok." Sasami said rubbing her head. "Who are you?"

"I'm Bubbles." she said with a smile simalar to Mihoshi's

"I'm Buttercup." she said with her arms crossed and sticking her toung 
out at Blossom

"I'm Blossom." she said also sticking her toung out at Buttercup

"Nice to meet you." Sasami said with a smile. "I'm Sasami!"

Then Tenchi came through the kitchen door with a panic look. "Sasami are 
you ok?"

"Yeah I'm fine." she said

Tenchi looked at the little girls hovering in the air.

"Who are you?" Tenchi said. "Are you from outer-space?"

"No. Were from Townsville" Blossom said 

"How did you get here?" Tenchi said with a confused face.

"It's a long story." Blossom said

"I've got time." Tenchi said

"Well...um we better not go there." Bubbles said

The girls introduced them selves to Tenchi and the gang in the living 
room.

"....And we can't get back until the Profesor fixes the machine." 
Bubbles said finshing there long story.

"You guys do look like your from outer-space." Ryoko said.

"Please ignore her rude behavior." Ayeka said. "She's always had a rude 
attitude."

"Yeah! Like some people we know." Blossom said glaring at Buttercup.

"Well, At least were not as rude and mean pluse nasty like some people." 
Buttercup said. "And running around acting like we own the place."

"Shut up Buttercup!" Blossom said

"Make me." Buttercup said

Blossom and Buttercup floated in the air.

"You make me sick!" Blossom said "You never listen to me and you always 
ignore me."

"Well, I'm sick of your so called leadership." Buttercup said. "You 
always steir us in the wrong direction and we end up getting beaten up 
or-"

"QUITE!" Bubbles said. "SIT DOWN."

Blossom and Buttercup stop fighting and sit on the couch.

"Honestly! You two have been fighting all day." Bubbles said. "You 'otta 
be ashamed of youselves."

"They do that all the time?" Kiyone asked

"Yes. Everyday." Bubbles said "One day they were fighting about someone 
answering the hotline. Then it was about the broken vase that they both 
broke and etc."

"Well, It's kinda simalar here." Mihoshi said. "But over Tenchi. It's 
always Ryoko and Ayeka fighting over Tenchi. Who's gonna sit next to 
Tenchi, Who's gonna go with Tenchi to the carrot patch. Who's gonna wake 
Tenchi up for breakfast. That sort of thing."

"Wow. So you all came from outer-space." Buttercup said. "What's it 
like?"

"Well kid." Ryoko said teleporting over between Buttercup and Tenchi. 
"I'm a space pirate so it's kinda differant for me, but a lot of fun." 
Ryoko started to lean over close to Tenchi. "And Tenchi here is my 
partner in crime."  "What!" Tenchi said leaning far away from Ryoko.

"Sort of like Bonnie and Clyde?" Buttercup said.

"Yeah, you could put it that way kid." Ryoko said

"Your lying." Buttercup said.

"Huh? What do you mean I'm lying." Ryoko said looking at Buttercup.

"The space pirate stuff and on the run from the law is true. " Buttercup 
said looking at Ryoko. "But the Tenchi stuff isn't."

"Wow. How did you know." Mihoshi said

"1 people blink when they lie and 2 their nose twitches." Buttercup 
said. "and 3, I'm not stupid."

"Well, this kid reminds me when I was little." Ryoko said. 

"But a lot smarter." Ayeka mubled.

"What was that princess." Ryoko said glaring at Ayeka.

"Oh nothing." Ayeka said.

"So what do you do Mihoshi?" Bubbles asked looking up at Mihsohi.

"I'm a Galaxy Police Officer." Mihoshi said proudly.

"Really? Then how come you didn't arest Ryoko?" Bubbles asked

"Beacause Ryoko and I have a truce." Mihoshi said. "We're friends."

"Oh wow! Friends with an enemy!" Bubbles said. "I had a friend who was 
an enemy but I rather not talk about it."

"Kiyone's my partner in The Galaxy Police and were very happy." Mihoshi 
said

"Yeah right." Kiyone mubled.

"So where are you from Ayeka?" Blossom asked.

"Well, I am a princess of Jurai and Sasami is my sister." Ayeka said. 
"I'm am the first princess too."

"Wow! Royalty." Blossom said "Do you know your family tree?"

Ayeka looked nervous. "No, but I can find out. I'm still studying."

"Lier." Sasami said under her breath.

"Well Ayeka looks like you have a little you." Ryoko said. "She acted 
just like you acording to Buttercup."

"Well, at least Blossom as patintual and she also has manners you 
barbarian." Ayeka said.

"You wanna say that to my face you old hag!" Ryoko said

"What did you call me?" Ayeka said

"Do you wanna take this outside?" Ryoko said.

"I'd be glad to." Ayeka said glaring at Ryoko.

Ayeka and Ryoko marched outside.

"Is this everyday?" Buttercup said

"You bet." Washu said coming out of her lab. "That's why I 
invented...."The Shilded Arena!"

"Huh?" Eveyone said

"This baby will protect you from any attacks." Washu said. "No more 
chard house or carrot gardan."

"Wow Washu! You really out done yourself." Kiyone said.

"There's one already in your garden Tenchi and one over the house. Washu 
said. "There's also one outside for all you adventure seekers."

"We're in!" Everyone said. They rushed outside to see the action.

"Go Ryoko!" Buttercup said

"Go Ayeka!" Blossom said

Ryoko threw a powerball at Ayeka but no effect because of her sheild. 
Ayeka then got a great big ball of green Juraian power and hald it at 
Ryoko. Ryoko caught the ball and was thrown into a tree. Ayeka then 
threw another one at Ryoko while she was down but she missed by and 
inch. 

"Nice try princess! But try this on for size." Ryoko said. She lifted 
both her hands above her head as a huge red ball was piling bigger and 
bigger. Ayeka was doing the same thing but it was green.

"TAKE THIS!" Ryoko flew at Ayeka with the ball in frount of her. Ayeka 
then has Azka and Kamadika lift her up and flew toward Ryoko.

"HA!" Ayeka yelled.

They were getting closer and closer until something in the air glew 
really bright that they both missed and headed toward the gang and the 
house carring Ryoko and Ayeka with it.

"AAAAHHHH! PUSH THE BUTTON WASHU!" Everyone said

"IT'S NOT WORKING!" Washu yelled.

Everyone ran inside the house locking Ayeka and Ryoko outside. Then the 
ball hit the house and blew the whole house up.

"WASHU!" Everyone yelled.

"Whopsies." Washu said

"Girls!" a voice said coming from the smoke.

"PROFESOR!" The girls yelled all black and covered in ashes. The girls 
tackled the profesor to the ground.

"Oh girls! I'm glad to see your ok." The Profesor said. "What happened 
to you?"

All the girls start talking all at once.

"Whoa! Slow down. We'll talk about it when we get home." The profesor 
said.

"Can we say good-bye first?" Blossom said

The Profesor looked at the group of people in the soot and ash. "Sure"

Blossom went to hug Ayeka who was dazed. "Bye Ayeka. We'll meet again 
someday."

"Uh..Bye Blossom." Ayeka said dusting herself off.

"Bye Ryoko. Buttercup said hugging Ryoko tight.

"See ya kid." Ryoko said prying Buttercup off.

"Bye Mihoshi, Kiyone, Sasami and Tenchi." Bubbles said hugging every 
single one of them.

"Bye Bubbles!" They all said.

"BYE WASHU!" All the girls said.

The profesor pushed the button and they were sucked back into there own 
world. When they go there Blossom and Buttercup was given a long talking 
to.

As for the Tenchi gang. Ryoko and Ayeka had to sleep outside when Washu 
got done fixing up the house.

THE END!



Next: Dexter and his family take a trip to Japan and gets lost. Dexter 
and Dee Dee wonder off to find help and finds Tenchi and the gang. 
Dexter, Dee Dee and the Tenchi gang have to fight off the evil Goze 
monster that came from one of Washu and Dexter's invention after Dee Dee 
and Mihoshi mess it up. Next it's 


NO NEED FOR A BOY GEnius.

It's unqutionably perfect!


 A DEXTER'S LABARATORY CROSSOVER!

