    Hi! The name's Jordan, and this is my first fanfic. I hope it's not too
bad. Let me know! P.S. These charecters are not my creation, and I have no
say in their legal affairs what so ever. None the less, give me a shout
about
anything.

    A peace had settled over the Masaki house, and Tenchi felt quite happy
about it. But as they say, all good things must come to an end. And
unfortunatly for Tenchi, that was right about now.
    "Ryoko, that's it! It's go time!" Ayeka screamed breaking the silence.
    "Bring it, bitch!" shouted Ryoko.
    They phased into battle suits, and charged up their powers to the
maximum. They then blasted their charged and glowng auras through a two hand
blast. Little Washu noticed instantly, but until about 10 minutes later she
didn't bother. Then she only went because her experiments got boring. Washu
went out with her new highly dangerous, and experimental prototype weapon,
the thermo-nuclear micro-blackhole blaster, a.k.a. The PSG, a.k.a. the big
fucking gun. She decided to "test" it out on the girls. And so Washu, after
saying, "Cut the shit, or I'll do somthing very stereotype for such an
UNstereotype cutey of a genius!"
    As you can excpect from Ryoko and Ayeka, they didn't listen. Now the
blasts met a blackhole. This, unknown to everyone but Yosho, who knows
everything, created a portal. This portal also led through both space and
time, to a place where dragon warriors, or Dragoons, fought to keep peace.
    "What the fucking HELL is that?" said Shana
    Everyone staired at Shana, not expecting it from her of all people.
    "What? It was gonna happen eventually. But seriously, what is that?" she
said.
    "I don't know. Let's check it out." said Dart
    So as they crept toward the portal, the fighters on the other side had
stopped their quarell, and everyone was checking the portal out.
    "Dammit Washu! Why do YOU always do this?" Ryoko snapped.
    Before Washu could reply, the portal dropped off the Dragoon warriors.
    "Who are you all," Dart questioned. "and where are we?"
    "You're in Okoyama, and at my house. I'm Tenchi, this is Ryoko, Ayeka,
Sasami, Mihoshi, my dad, and my grandpa. One of us isn't here, but whatever.
Now just who are you?"
    "I'm Dart (a handsome warrior), this Shana (a babe healer), Albert (a
kick-ass king), Rose (a beauty of a bitch), Hachel (a major martial artist),
Meru (a bitch among Winglies), and Kongol (a giant warrior). And we're the
Dragoon warriors."
    "What's a Dragoon?" asked Mihoshi.
    "Never mind Mihoshi, come in and we'll dicuss it over some tea." said
Tenchi.
    "Fine with me." said Dart.
    And so they did.

    So how was it? A little short I know, but it's my first time and I was
under rush circumstances. Whatever. Later.
