    In the garage, Kiyone grabbed bottles of sake from the refrigerator.
Behind her, something crashed.  She spun around.  Her eyes searched the dark
room.  A shape emerged from behind the crates of carrots that had been
brought in for Ryo Ohki.  It was a figure dressed entirely in black with a
white, ghost mask.
    "Hey, you know, Ryoko, if Aeka saw you in that she'd kill you," Kiyone
said.  The figure raised his hand revealing a glistening, silver knife.
    "OK, now that's going a little too far.  That's not even funny." Kiyone
reached for her laser gun, but was horrified when she remembered she had
left
it on the living room table.  The figure moved towards her.  Kiyone hurled
one of the sake bottles at the attacker's head.  It quickly dodged the
bottle
and continued its advance.  Kiyone glanced around her, looking for a weapon
or some means of escape.  She spied a small pet door at the bottom of the
garage door.  She dropped the sake bottles and dashed towards the garage
door.  She dove through the pet door, barely managing to pull her upper body
through the tiny space.  As she tried to pull the rest of her body out, she
realized that she couldn't get her hips through the door.  Suddenly, she
heard a rumbling noise.  Kiyone began to panic as she realized her attacker
had pushed the button to open the automatic garage door.  She began to
struggle wildly as her body was lifted off the ground.  The last thing she
saw as the door crushed her body was the deathly-white face of the killer's
mask looking up at her.

         Back in the living room, Washu and Aeka were so intent on watching
Halloween that they didn't hear Tenchi reenter the room.
    "No, Jamie Lee, no!  Don't go in there!"  Washu cried out.
    "You guys OK?" Tenchi asked.  Washu and Aeka screamed.
    "Oh, my, Tenchi, you scared us," Aeka said.
    "I'm sorry," Tenchi replied, scratching his head.
    "Tenchi, are you all right?" Washu questioned.  "You look kind of hot."
Tenchi's face was flushed and he was sweating.  His clothes were rumpled.
    "Who, me?  I'm fine, just fine indeed."  He sat down beside Aeka on the
couch.  She eyed him suspiciously.
    "Where is Ryoko?" Aeka asked.
    "Ryoko?  Uh, she's still looking around.  She wanted to be doubly sure
everything was all right.  Uh, Aeka, can I see you upstairs for a moment?"
    "Of course, Tenchi.  Washu, will you excuse us please?"  Aeka asked her.
Washu merely motioned for them to be silent; her eyes were fixed on the
television.
    "Run Jamie Lee!  Run!" she hollered.
    "Meow!" cried Ryo Ohki.
    Aeka led Tenchi upstairs to her bedroom.  She closed the door.

    Outside, Ryoko was slowly strolling back to the Masaki house.
    "Well," she sighed, "that was a total waste of time."  Then she heard
the
dry leaves crunch behind her.  Ryoko stopped.  Before she had time to turn
around, something grabbed her from behind.  A gloved hand raised a cold,
silver knife before her face.  For a moment, Ryoko allowed herself to feel
scared.  Then she quickly teleported away from her attacker's grasp.  She
brought forth her light sword and faced her attacker.  He was dressed in
black robes, only his white mask was visible in the darkness.
    "Who are you?" she asked.  The figure responded by lunging toward her
with its knife out.  Ryoko easily deflected the blow with her sword.  The
figure stopped and turned to face her.  Ryoko waited for it to make its next
move.  She began to feel a burning sensation in her left wrist.  She looked
down in confusion and realized that her attacker was calling forth the gem
from her wrist.
    "No you don't, you bastard!" she yelled.  With her strength fading,
Ryoko
shot a bolt of energy in its direction.  Suddenly, the attack stopped.  The
figure stepped back, vanishing into the darkness.  Ryoko turned and ran
toward the Masaki house.  At the steps of the house she found her path
blocked by Yosho.  He was standing before the house, calmly looking up at
the
stars.
    "Ryoko," he said, "why are you running?  Are you hurt?"
    "Uh honorable, uh honor uh, honorable sir, could I honorably could I
humbly-I was attacked."
    "Attacked by whom?" Yosho questioned.
    "I think it was Mihoshi's killer."
    "Hmm.  We should tell the others.  You should be more careful, Ryoko,
walking in the woods alone at night."  They walked into the house.

    Upstairs, Tenchi took Aeka into his arms.
    "Aeka, my darling, I'm finally ready to be with you."
    "Oh, Tenchi!" Aeka cried, her eyes filling with tears, "I'm so happy."
She turned away from Tenchi and snatched up one of her whips.  She cracked
it
over her head.
    "Call me princess!" she ordered Tenchi.
    "What?" Tenchi asked bewildered.  He stumbled back, falling onto her
bed.
    Aeka raised the whip to her mouth and licked it with her small, pink
tongue.  "I said, 'Call me princess,'" she replied sensuously.  Then she
cracked the whip, missing Tenchi by only a few inches.  He scrambled
backwards, but she leapt on top of him, pinning him to the bed.

    Two minutes later, Aeka was returning her whip to the box where she kept
the rest of her sex toys.
    "Aeka," Tenchi said, but before he could say anything more, someone
burst
into the room.  Aeka turned around angrily and then screamed.  Her attacker
had returned to the room.  Tenchi leapt to his feat, his pants falling down
to his ankles.  He quickly pulled them up and reached for Tenchi-ken and
fainted.  The figure turned to Aeka.  It raised its knife, once again
meaning
to take her life.  Aeka hurled her box of sex toys at her attacker.  She ran
out of the room leaving the figure fumbling with a pair of handcuffs and a
vibrator.
    "Washu!" she screamed.  "Washu!  Help me!"
    "Be quiet now," Washu responded, still captivated by the movie.  "Jamie
Lee, don't open that door!" she cried.  "Where were you when they handed out
the brains?"
    Aeka grabbed Washu.  "The killer is in the house.  He's up in my room
and
he's probably killing Tenchi right now!"
    "What?" Washu cried.  She pushed Aeka out of her way and ran up the
stairs.
    Tenchi had regained consciousness and was trying to activate the power
of
his sword.
    "I can't get it out!" he cried.
    "And now I'm worried," Washu said.  "Tenchi are you hurt?"
    "No, I don't think so," he replied.
    "Well, even so, you better let me examine you just to be certain."
    "Oh, thanks, Washu, but I'm fine-"
    "Now Tenchi, you promised you would me my guinea pig, didn't you?"
    "What?" Tenchi asked bewildered as Washu grabbed him and lead him to her
laboratory.

.