Hi! Once again I don't own any of this, so please don't sue. PLEASE, I'M
JUST SOME BROKE KID! Did I mention I was broke? Oh, well. And please, E-Mail
me!

                             One week later...

     Well, things seemed okay at the Masaki house. I mean, Ryoko and Ayeka
were at each other's throats of course, & so were Meru and Rose, but it was
turning out to be a beautiful day.
     "Tenchi, wait up!" It was Dart.
     "Oh, hello Dart. How have you been enjoying your "stay" here?" Tenchi
asked inquizitivly.
     "It's been really nice, quite peaceful, & best of all, no need to worry
'bout them baddies!"
     "Oh, I see. I know exactly what your saying. Just lately I've had a
break and... oh man!"
     "What's wrong Tenchi?"
     "This is worse than Dr. Clay! I'm missing practice! Grandpa is gonna
KILL ME!" Tenchi shouted. So Dart, thinking it might be cool, runs after
Tenchi to go and watch him get killed.
     "Sorry I'm late Grandpa, I was caught up with some..."
     "Other things, eh Tenchi?" Tenchi went beet red in a moments notice.
You see (flashback) Ryoko & Shana went on a (bum, bum, buuum) DOUBLE DATE
with Tenchi & Dart. So after all this time, Ryoko gave Tenchi the fullest
amount of her charm possible without doing anything "major", and amazingly,
Tenchi sucumbed. He had confessed his true feelings for Ryoko in private
later that night. But of course, Tenchi's kindness kept him from choosing
her and telling, so Ryoko had to get him a little lightheaded, and give a
quick (actually really, Really, REALLY long) alleyside kiss. (Or as Chris
and Jamal would say, "Aww, suki, suki naw!")
     "Uh, yeah. Sorry Grandpa." said Tenchi, red in the face.
     "Hey Tenchi, I was wondering, do you think I could help?" asked Dart.
     "Certainly. Just you'll just have to go to your Red Dragoon stage and
then..." said Grandpa.
     "Whoa whoa whoa, Dragoon? He'd never make it!" said Dart confidently.
     "You think so huh? Well I could beat you!"
     "Oh yeah?"
     "Yeah!"
     "Wait just a second! You can't just go all out on a moments notice!
Let's
     So Tenchi used his ring and called upon his "normal" Jurai battlesuit
and grabbed the Master Key. He then closed his eyes formed the energy blade.
Dart then pulled out his powerful steely blade, and moved into attack
position.
     "Ready... FIGHT!" So the two greatest warriors of their universes met
sword to sword in with a mind-numbing KLANG! It was a ferocious battle! For
each thrust there was a parry, a counter to each slash, and each sucessful
attack was returned. Dart had the edge in determination, but Tenchi had
ability on his side. Dart had now become frustrated. So frustrated he had
turned Dragoon in his rage. As Tenchi watched with some fear in his eyes, he
realized his only chance to keep going was to let is feelings loose. And so
Tenchi had released the Ko-yo-ono, a.k.a The Light Hawk Wings. So swords met
once again. But then suddenly...
     "MREOOWHISSSS!" Ryoohki had appeared and was going insane at the
strange summer snow. And most horrible of all things, a shiny new Soja
appeared.
     "So we meet again, eh boy? said the cold cruel voice that could belong
to only one man, if you could even call him that much.
     "Kagato." Tenchi said with pure hatred.
     But it was not just any Kagato. This one had new armor, a beefed up
sword, feathery wings. Even more shocking was that it was the battle suit of
a Dragoon.
     "Die. Just die. AND NEVER COME BACK!" yelled Tenchi with the utmost
hatred. His Light Hawk Wings changed color to a shiny light green. He rushed
at Kagato, and with all his might, he forced his rage into one, single
attack. But Kagato simply raised his sheild and used it's concussive force
to knock everyone out.
     "So until we meet again, boy, I bid you adu." Then he was gone.
     So Kagato was back. And he was better than ever. Aww, shit.

     So anyways, next time Ryoko finally gets Tenchi! But, is it Ryoko, or
Kagato's mind control? E-Mail me. Bye-cha!