Disclaimer: I of course do not own any of these characters someone else 
designed and created them. I am not doing this for money so please 
don't sue me I'm totally broke anyway.

Chapter 4: No Need For Love and Outlaws.

BOOM! CRASH! Tenchi was standing there his eyes still closed black as 
coal and in the background through the shattered glass six figures 
could be seen. One was Mihoshi who was crying as usual another was a 
tall red haired man who was yelling at her another was this half cat 
half human who was just laughing, another was a tall dark haired woman 
in white robes, then there was a small boy who Sasami seemed to be 
focusing on and blushing furiously. He seemed to be typing on a very 
small palm computer of some sort when he looked up and noticed Sasami's 
gaze and went from looking smart to just completely zoned out blushing 
just as much as Sasami, and finally there was a quiet looking girl with 
black hair and blue robes. Tenchi went over and shut Mihoshi up and 
then starting to talk to the red haired young man. 

"Hi, my name's Tenchi, uhhh did Mihoshi ummm well happen to RUN into 
you." The red head started to laugh.

"Oh boy did she ever. She thought I was some kind of criminal and TRIED 
to arrest me. Oh and by the way my names Gene Starwind and this is the 
crew of the outlaw star, he cat like creature hear is Ashia.

"ASHIA! Wow is it really you. It's been a long time." Ryoko said.

"Wow Ryoko you sure haven't changed and you're right it has been a long 
time. I can probably still kick your butt too!" Ashia replied with her 
childish voice. Ryoko looked a little embarrassed at this.

"Ryoko, do you mean that she can actually beat you?!" Tenchi asked with 
a shocked look on his face.

"Oh, don't underestimate Ashia she's one tough fighter." Gene said 
looking quite proud of his teammate.

"Hey my skills hadn't quite developed back then, but I could sure kick 
your butt now!"

"Bring it on!" Was all Ashia said as she ran off Ryoko right behind her 
trying to hit her with energy beams.

"Hey aren't you going to stop her?" Gene asked.

"Nah, she'll be fine she does this a lot." Tenchi replied as they 
walked it the now black house. Luckily the ship was able to cushion the 
fall a little by slowing down so there was little inside damage. Washu 
was standing there in the living room typing with her back to them.

"What happened Tenchi? Was it Mihoshi again?" Wash asked not bothering 
to turn around.

" Well yes and no. Little Washu we have some extra guests and I'd like 
you to meet them. This is Gene Starwind."

Washu turned around and looked up. Washu stood there staring at him red 
as a beet. "H...Hi my name is uhh oh yeah Washu the greatest scientific 
genius in the world." Washu said as she quickly regained her composure.

"Nice to meet you Washu I'm, as you know, Gene Starwind. And I don't 
think I quite finished introducing everyone. The little punk at the 
computer is one of the world's best hackers Jim Hawkins." Jim stopped 
glancing at Sasami and quickly diverted his full attention to Gene's 
remark.

"Hey shut up Gene at least I'm not a lazy bum like you!" Sasami and 
Washu started to giggle, but stopped when they noticed everyone looking 
at them with puzzled looks and cleared their throats and looked away, 
obviously embarrassed.

"Now the one with long black hair in white robes is Sazuka. She's a 
very skilled assassin. The one in blue robes and short black hair is 
Melfina, the ships navigator. And my ship back there the Outlaw Star is 
the most advanced grappler ship around."

"A grappler ship eh, I've heard of them mind if I take a look. I'll 
even repair and modify it for free." Washu said with a smile.

"WOW! No way! Really? Well I guess but what exactly do you mean by 
modify?"

"Well I'll put on an energy weapon that won't use actual ammo but it'll 
have more energy ammo than a normal machine gun. Also I'll add slots 
for more missiles and ammo."

"Awesome thanks Washu!" Washu cleared her throat.

"Actually I'd rather you call me LITTLE WASHU!" Washu said in her 
childish voice as Gene fell to the floor.

"You'll be doing a lot of that while you're here." Gene got up rubbing 
his head but laughing none the less at Tenchi's remark.

"Now it's my turn to introduce everyone." Tenchi said turning to the 
gang. "The young blue haired girl is Sasami, the princess of Jurai and 
the universes greatest cook. The blonde one is Mihoshi the universes 
top bubblehead. There's one more asleep in her room named Ayeka the 
crown princess of Jurai. Ryoko, Washu's daughter, is a notorious space 
pirate, but has pretty much given up her old ways and settled down 
here. You know Washu so I'll skip her. Well that's about everyone 
except for Ryo-Ohki who hasn't come back after a recent incident 
occurred when she left with Ken-Ohki so I won't go into detail. Now we 
were just about to eat dinner would you like some, Sasami's meals could 
probably be considered one of the wonders of the universe." Sasami 
started to blush. "Oh, and Little Washu could you prepare some extra 
rooms for our guests." Tenchi asked.

"Sure Tenchi since you called me Little Washu."

"Thanks." Everyone said walking to the kitchen. Jim sat pretty close to 
Sasami and Gene noticed.

"Hey Jim I see you like Sasami. You know I've heard the emperor doesn't 
like people hittin on his daughters." Gene said as he started laughing 
uncontrollably. Sasami cracked a smile and started to blush.

"It seems Sasami feels the same way." Tenchi said as he too fell to the 
floor laughing. Both Sasami and Jim started to frown.

"It's not like that, SHUT UP!" Both Sasami and Jim said at the same 
time. They both started blushing again trying their best to hide it but 
to no avail. Sasami just kicked Tenchi and Gene quickly shutting them 
up. Sasami turned to see Jim just staring at her at her. Sasami blushed 
even more, if that was even possible, but quickly took on a frown. 
"Stop staring at me or I'll kick you too!" Jim quickly snapped back to 
normal.

"Yes your highness!" Now Sasami's expression tensed.

"No, you don't have to address me as a princess I hate that. Just call 
me Sasami."

"All right, Sasami." Jim said in an embarrassed tone.

They all started to eat their meal, Tenchi and Gene both didn't dare 
say a word. Gene would just follow Tenchi. 

"Wow Sasami, this is great!" Jim said eating as fast as he could.

"Yes Sasami I must say this is good. I think you and Melfina would make 
a great team." Sazuka said. 

"Don't flatter me I'm no where near as good as Sasami." Melfina said 
blushing furiously.

"Don't worry, I'm sure you're a great cook Melfina." Sasami said with 
her usual cheerful smile. Meanwhile Washu was preparing the new rooms 
and asked Sasami to save her dinner. Everybody was walking out of the 
kitchen when Ryoko and Ashia came in the door looking like they had 
just been to hell and back.

"Ryoko are you ok? You look worn out." Tenchi asked his voice full of 
concern.

"No Tenchi I'm fine. I think you're starting to worry about me to 
much." THUD! Ryoko fell face first to the ground.

"Same to you Ashia are you hurt?" Gene said with a little less concern.

"Just my pride." THUD! Ashia fell to the floor right beside Ryoko. 
Tenchi ran to Ryoko and laid her on the couch. He went out to get a 
glass of water for each of the girls. Tenchi gave one to Gene and they 
both  some water in their mouths. 

"Ohh, my head." Ryoko groaned as she looked around. She suddenly 
noticed Tenchi was cradling her in his arms. "Oh you are just so sweet. 
Boy that's getting corny, ah well just got to get used to it."

"Ohh my head." Ashia groaned as she looked around to see Tenchi and 
Ryoko. "Ooohhh so you two are... Wow! Ryoko you're lucky, he is cute!"

"I have to agree Tenchi is attractive." Sazuka said giving a 
mischievous smile like Washu's.

"Wow did Sazuka just do what I think she did?!" Gene said with a look 
of complete shock. Everyone just ignored him to interested in Tenchi. 
"Man why can't I be that lucky?"

"I must admit Tenchi is cute." Melfina said. Tenchi had an aggravated 
look on his face.

"What is it about me that makes every girl who comes in contact with me 
like me?"

"What do you mean Tenchi?" Everybody said, save Ryoko, Sasami, and 
Mihoshi.

"Well, I have Ryoko the most notorious space pirate, Ayeka crown 
princess of Jurai, Mihoshi the bubble headed Galaxy Police officer, and 
now you all." 

"Wow you have all the luck Tenchi." Gene said looking like he had just 
been beaten to a pulp.

"It's not as great as you might think. They all have lethal powers and 
the money that goes to repairing the house isn't exactly pocket 
change."

"I'm going to warn you all once, you lay a hand on my Tenchi and you'll 
regret it!" Ryoko said, but didn't look really worried.

"Don't worry Ryoko I already told you no one's as wonderful as you." 
Tenchi said as Ryoko kissed him.

"You better mean that Tenchi." She said with a smile.

(Yawn) "I'm beat, do you think Washu's done with the rooms yet?" Just 
as he finished Washu walked into the room.

"Of course I am. You didn't think a small job like that would take me 
the greatest scientific genius in the universe long did you?" 

"Thanks Little Washu." Everyone said as they went to bed. Gene and the 
crew of the Outlaw Star followed Washu to their rooms while Ryoko 
phased away somewhere, and Tenchi went to his room. Tenchi got changed 
just in time as Ryoko phased in wearing her suit that resembled a cats 
face and putting her arms around Tenchi's neck.

"Uhhh... Ryoko what are you doing here? I guess that's a pretty stupid 
question though."

"Tenchi I can sleep with you now, right?" Ryoko asked with a wide grin 
on her face.

"Now Ryoko I'm only 17 and it's a little to soon..."

"No, no, nothing like that I just mean sleep." Ryoko's expression was 
now a pleading one.

"Oh well if it's just to sleep then of course. You know I can't turn 
down that offer. It's hard enough to turn down the first one to tell 
you the truth." Tenchi said sounding embarrassed. Ryoko was also 
blushing. Then they got in bed and cuddled close together. They talked 
and kissed for about an hour (Wow!) then went to sleep.

Meanwhile Washu led each person to their room. Having monitored dinner 
in an attempt to get a better idea of what each person liked or was 
like to better suit their room. One thing was for sure Jim and Sasami's 
interests were each other so she made one room for both of them, with 
separate beds of course, she even had a reason to give them. "Sasami, 
Jim, this is your room." They both looked shocked.

"Both of us... In one room. Washu are you trying to..." Sasami was cut 
short.

"No! I just know you to are the only ones who I can trust to behave 
together. Besides I was running out of rooms to make a link with." 
Washu said accidentally letting a smile slip out.

"Well, ok I guess you're right." Sasami said, a little uncomfortable 
with Washu's brief mischievous smile. Then they both walked into their 
room. Sasami then remembered that she didn't need a room she always 
slept with Ayeka. {Darn, I'm so thick I should have remembered that. 
Maybe I didn't want to. I guess I do truly like him. Wow! Now I have a 
chance at love!} Sasami thought to herself. Accidentally letting her 
emotions get carried away she did something that you would expect Ryoko 
to do, and glomped on Jim. Jim turned redder than a beet.

"Ummm... Sasami what are you doing?" Jim asked nervously.

"Oh sorry Jim." Sasami said blushing just as much as Jim. "Jim you're 
just like Tenchi, extremely shy around girls."

"Well what would you want me to do kiss you?" Sasami blushed and 
giggled. Then realized what she was doing slapped him across the face. 
"Hey what was that for?"

"I don't know it's all I could think to do." Sasami said looking 
ashamed.

"Don't worry Sasami. It's not like it hurt or anything."

"Oh it didn't, well how about I make it hurt? Well I'm going to take a 
shower, and NO PEEKING!" Sasami yelled. Jim just gulped and nodded his 
head. Then Sasami walked out of the room. Jim just plopped on the bed.

{Man, she's something else, She can cook, she's beautiful.} "I think 
you could actually say I'm in LOVE!" Jim accidentally said this part 
out loud and in a loud voice to. Sasami choked in the shower at what 
she thought she heard.

"Did you say something to me Jim?" She asked.

"Uhhh... No, no I didn't say anything. Eheheh." He said nervously.

"Oh... Well ok."

    Back in the hall Washu was on the last room, Gene's. His room 
seemed to be very nice. "Little Washu what's that thing hanging over 
the bar table?"

"Oh, it's just a robot that can make any kind of drink from saki to 
grape juice, and it can prepare almost any kind of food."

"Wow! This is awesome thanks Little Washu!" Washu grinned at his 
approval. "But Little Washu why is it a king size bed?" He asked a 
puzzled expression on his face. Washu grinned playfully.

"Oh, I just made it in case you wanted to invite someone to sleep over 
one night." She said almost as seductively as Ryoko. Gene turned beet 
red.

"Oh, uhh... Ok Little Washu... Uhh but I don't know... Maybe some other 
time." Washu looked disappointed at this but just nodded and decided 
her next approach would be in her adult form.

   The next morning Tenchi woke up to find Ryoko still asleep. {That's 
new. Me waking up before Ryoko. Huh, I never got a chance to notice how 
beautiful she is when she's asleep. To think when she wakes up she has 
the most energetic and lovable personality.} Suddenly Ryoko slowly 
started to wake up. "Morning beautiful." Tenchi said as Ryoko looked up 
and smiled at him.

"Morning Tenchi. Did you sleep well?"

"Yep. Like a log. I could rest easier being with you." Tenchi said a 
warm and loving smile on his face.

"I'm glad, but don't think it's always going to be that way, you're not 
going to be able to avoid IT forever." She said with a playful smile.

"Oh don't worry I don't want to avoid it for to long, Mainly because I 
have to little self-control. Hey, how would you like breakfast in bed 
my dear?"

"Oh Tenchi you're going to spoil me." She said blushing.

"And what's wrong with that?"

"Nothing at all." She said putting her arms around his neck and kissing 
him passionately.

"So. Do you want to have breakfast in bed?"

"As long as you hurry back and we get more time by ourselves."

"Ok then be right back." Tenchi said as he rushed out the door. "Hey 
Sasami... Sasami. Where could she be?" Suddenly Tenchi saw Jim and 
Sasami sitting on the couch very close together. "Oh, I see why 
breakfast isn't ready. To interested in OTHER THINGS aren't you 
Sasami." Tenchi started to laugh but was quickly silenced by a kick to 
the groin by Sasami. He could see Jim mouth the words "Ow" and what he 
thought was "I know how it feels". "Sorry... Sasami I didn't mean it 
like that."

"No Tenchi that's not why I kicked you. I kicked you because one 
Ayeka's really mad at you and if you go in that kitchen you're going to 
get an earful and two I don't want her finding out."

Tenchi was shocked he didn't think he was actually right. "Sorry 
Sasami. In that case could you get breakfast for two so I can take it 
to Ryoko."

"Oh ok Tenchi. I understand." Sasami said with a giggle.

"Hey Tenchi I have to admit you're one of a kind. Don't take any of 
Gene's habits though." Jim said.

"Don't worry Jim" Tenchi replied as Sasami came back with two trays.

"Wait, you did make breakfast?" Tenchi asked surprised.

"Yeah it's just that you woke up at eleven o clock."

"What! That late! Ah well I'd rather be with Ryoko right now anyway. 
Well see you." Tenchi said as he ran up the stairs and into his room.

"Tenchi you said you would be back soon." Ryoko said in her pitiful 
little voice.

"Ryoko I was only gone for five minutes. There's nothing to be worried 
about."

"Tenchi five minutes is to long for me. I didn't want to be away from 
you at all." She said her voice as pitiful as ever.

"Well I'm back now. Here's your breakfast."

"Thanks Tenchi. You know Tenchi I think Sasami likes Jim. I think she's 
to good for him though."

"No, I know she likes him. I saw them on the couch sitting so close you 
could almost call it cuddling."

"No way! You can't be serious." 

"Dead serious. I think Jim feels the same way." Tenchi said as he 
continued eating.

Meanwhile Washu was in her lab typing something on her holo-computer. 
"This is going to be hilarious. I've got to video tape this." Washu 
seemed to be working on something when she started laughing.

Gene yawned and walked into the living room and saw Jim and Sasami 
sitting very close to each other. "BBBWWWWWHHHHHAAAAAAAHAHAHAHA!!!!" 
Gene fell to the floor laughing uncontrollably. "Hey good going Jim 
looks like you got a keeper, I never thought you ha..." 

"Shut up Gene!" Sasami yelled as she gave Gene an unbearably hard kick 
to the groin. Sasami then sat back down close to Jim.

"Sorry Sasami." Gene said in a squeaky voice as he crawled off to get 
an ice pack. Jim slowly and nervously put his arm around Sasami. Sasami 
formed an embarrassed smile and blushed furiously. Suddenly Ayeka ran 
into the room and saw Sasami and Jim. 

"SASAMI!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Ayeka's yelling shook the whole house. "WHAT ARE 
YOU DOING WITH THIS... THIS... POOR EXCUSE FOR GARBAGE!!!!!!!!" Sasami 
started to cry and unintentionally said the most hurtful thing possible 
to Ayeka.

"SUCCEEDING IN THE AREA THAT MY OLDER SISTER FAILED!" With that she 
stormed off with Jim close behind. Ayeka's eyes welled up with tears 
and, with her emotional instability, ran to her room sobbing (AGAIN!).

"Jim I'm really sorry about that. My sister is so impossible." Sasami 
said walking into her room. Jim just shook his head.

"Hey, don't worry about it. Gene's impossible to not in the same way 
but still. He runs right into the line of fire just making up a plan as 
he goes. He's the total opposite of me and yet we're partners. Ah go 
figure." 

"To tell you the truth Jim Tenchi and Ryoko are the same way. I don't 
like getting in to it I just see it through the eyes of my counter-
part." Jim looked confused.

"Counter-part?"

"Oh I forgot to tell you. But Jim please don't tell anyone else what 
I'm about to tell you because very few people know." Jim nodded staring 
at her, whether or not it was because of the serious tone she was using 
or just because he wanted to he wasn't sure.

"Well a long time ago Ryoko attacked Jurai. I was in the Jurai tree 
sanctuary when a ship collided into the side of it and... I fell and 
died." Jim flinched but didn't say anything. "Well I landed by the 
space tree inhabited by the goddess Tsunami. She assimilated with me 
and brought me back to life. When I grow up I'll look like her, have 
her powers, and have all her knowledge. Here's a picture of her." Jim 
looked at it and blushed.

"Wow you're incredible Sasami." 

"Huh?"

"Not only are you beautiful when you're young but you grow up to be 
gorgeous as well!" Sasami blushed.

"Jim, stop it." She said with a giggle. "You're one of the most obvious 
flirters." Jim blushed.

"What gave you that idea? I'm not flirting I..." Sasami gave him a 
quick kiss on the lips to shut him up. It worked to well. Jim just 
stood there staring into space. Sasami started waving her hand in his 
face.

"Woohoo Jiiimmmm. Anybody home?" Jim just continued to stare only now 
his face was so red it looked like it could explode without warning. 
Sasami sat there contemplating what his reaction could mean.

"YYYYYYYYIIIIIIIIIPPPPPPPPEEEEEEE!!!!!!! He really does like me. 
YYYYYEEEEEESSSSSSSS!!!!!" Sasami continued to jump around. Jim snapped 
back to reality and shook his head. He looked around to here Sasami 
yelling and jumping up and down. Sasami noticed Jim was back to normal 
and ran to him. She gave him a deep kiss. "Hmmmm... So that's what it 
feels like. No wonder Ryoko likes to kiss Tenchi so much. Huh?" She 
looked over at Jim who was spacing out again but this time with a 
smile. "Oh great. If a little peck on the lips caused him to space out 
for five minutes that last one will probably leave him standing there 
for an hour at least." Sasami said when she got an idea. She started 
walking to the door. She was about to open it when Jim woke up from his 
daze.

"Oh wait! Let me get that Sasami." Jim said his face still red.

"I knew that would wake you up." Sasami said, smiling at Jim. They 
walked out both had a wide grin on there faces. Gene happened to see 
them come out of their room looking awfully happy and took it the wrong 
way.

"Yeah way to go Jim you finally got "SOME". So how'd it fe..." Gene 
shut up after a serious blow to the groin by Sasami. 

"Gene!!!! I told you to shut up. It's not like that I just kissed him! 
Gene you are such a pervert!" Sasami said as Jim fell to the ground 
laughing uncontrollably pointing at Gene.

"Hey shut up Jim." Gene said holding his crotch in pain. "OWW! I better 
go get another ice pack." With that Gene crawled off.

"Sasami that was awesome. Finally somebody agrees with me on Gene, not 
to mention keep him in line."

"Jim stop you give me to much credit." Sasami said as she and Jim 
walked out the door.

    An hour later Gene was walking through the hall when Ryoko and 
Tenchi walked out of "Their" room. 

"Oh man now I know for sure what you two were doing. Man it's one o 
clock I didn't think it was humanly possible to keep it up for tha..." 
WHAM!!! This Time, Gene was kicked by a force stronger than Sasami in 
the groin, Ryoko. "YYYYYOOOOOOOWWWWWW!!!! That's the third time today, 
Sasami twice and now Ryoko crap if this keeps up I'm not going to have 
anything left to be proud of."

"Yeah well it serves you right." Ryoko said sticking her tongue out.

"Gene I was thinking of taking a bath to, it's a huge onsen built for 
twenty and the girls can't access it, courtesy of Little Washu, you can 
come with me if you want. And no I'm not gay." Tenchi said getting a 
stern look on his face on saying the last part.

"Well I guess so." He replied as they walked off.

"Yeah I think I'll take one to." Ryoko said following right behind 
them.

Jim and Sasami walked through the door right as Gene and Tenchi were 
passing. "Hey Jim come on we're going to relax in the onsen come on."

"All right Gene, I guess." Jim said as he looked at Sasami to make sure 
she didn't mind. She nodded her head and Jim ran off following Gene and 
Tenchi. Ryoko floated down right after they went through the onsen 
door. 

"Come on Sasami I'm going too."

"All right Ryoko." The little princess said as she followed the pirate.

    Back in Washu's lab an alarm went off waking a snoring Washu. 
"Perfect their right where I want them."

"Nice place Tenchi. But you're sure the girls can't get in here?" Gene 
said as he sat relaxing (For once!) in the water.

"Positive. But there are some times when you can... Mph...MMPH" Tenchi, 
Gene, and Jim were suddenly pulled under the water. They looked up and 
swam to the surface. They reached the top gasping for air.

"Oohh. Tenchi what brings you here? Just couldn't keep from peeking 
could you? Well hey I don't mind at all." Tenchi looked up completely 
shocked.

"WHAT! How the heck did I get here? Ryoko I swear it's not what it 
looks like!" Tenchi said nervously, as blood started to trickle down 
his nose as he looked at her nude body. Sasami turned around to notice 
that Jim seemed to be very interested in her butt. She quickly dove 
into the water and tried to cover herself

"AAAHHHHH! Jim stop staring at my butt! If I had a towel on I'd come 
over there and beat the living crap out of you!" Jim, who by this time 
had a nose bleed like Tenchi, snapped back into reality.

"Oh... Ummm... Sorry Sasami I didn't mean to end up here. And I kind of 
let my hormones get carried away. PLEASE don't kick me!!!!" Sasami 
lightened up a bit. 

"I'm flattered but I'm only eleven and you are to. Am I right?"

"Hey how'd you know?"

"I told about my counter-part, right?"

"Oh yeah. Right, I forgot. Hey girls turn around so we can get a 
towel." Jim said as Gene and a rather spaced out Tenchi, just nodded 
their heads in agreement.

"Ooohhh. Tenchi. You don't mean that do you?" Ryoko said in her pitiful 
voice as Tenchi shook his head no. Tenchi then realized that he was 
letting love and desire control him and quickly came back to reality.

"Now Ryoko, as much as I'd like to I can't, sorry. Well bye."

"Yeah see ya." Jim and Gene said at the same time. They got a towel and 
the girls, still under the water turned their heads. As Jim walked out 
behind Gene and Tenchi he gave Sasami a wink. Sasami blushed and 
cracked a smile.

   Meanwhile in Washu's lab, Washu was sprawled on the floor laughing. 
"Oh that was hilarious, that's one of my best pranks yet! Now to make 
my move on Gene." Suddenly Washu grew taller and formed some impressive 
"curves" and looked like she aged about eight years.

"Man Tenchi you're lucky!" Gene said as they all walked out of the 
bathroom.

"I don't know, having all those women like me but me only really loving 
one can get pretty tough."

"No! I mean Ryoko, you picked the right one that's for sure."

"I don't love her just because of her amazing looks. I like her 
personality. There's more to love than just beauty."

"Ooohhh! Tenchi you are a sweetheart!" Ryoko said as she phased behind 
Tenchi and put her arms around his neck.

"I can't brag about you at all without you somehow being able to hear." 
Tenchi said with a smile.

"That's right." Ryoko said as she gave Tenchi a passionate kiss then 
disappeared.

"I said it once I'll say it again. YOU'RE LUCKY!" Gene repeated.

"Oh, Gene could you turn around real quick?" Washu said sounding 
slightly different than usual.

"What do you want Li... Whhhaaaa! Little Washu you look older and 
more... Uhhh... Mature." Gene said as he looked at the now beautiful 
Washu.

"No, no, Gene now you can just call me Washu." She said as she kissed 
him passionately. Gene just stood there completely spaced out. Sasami 
walked in the room and saw Gene. 

"Hey Washu how'd you know he liked you?" Tenchi asked slightly puzzled. 
"I didn't tell anybody."

"I didn't I just used Ryoko's tactics to try and figure it out. But 
thanks for telling me." She said with a grin.
 
"Don't tell me. You finally kissed him... Didn't you Washu? I can tell 
because that's what happened when I kissed Jim."

Washu looked at her wide-eyed. "Sasami... You kissed him? Well I guess 
this means I'll have to remove the twin beds and put in a king sized 
one."

"Really?" Jim said as he popped his head out of the kitchen. "Yeah 
thanks Lit... I mean Washu." 

"Don't mention it, but is it ok with you Sasami?" Washu asked, a grin 
on her face.

"Well... Actually I was hoping you would." The young princess said 
blushing.

"All right." Washu summoned her holo-computer and started typing. "Now, 
just merge the two beds together and... It's done! Now if it's ok with 
Gene here I'll merge our two rooms also." Gene just nodded. "Good 
answer." She finished as she snapped her fingers causing the holo-
computer to disappear. "Well I'm working on a very important experiment 
that will benefit both Ryoko and Tenchi. Maybe even Sasami and Jim."

"Huh? What do you mean Washu?" Sasami asked, giving Washu a confused 
look.

"That's what I'd like to know. Washu if you're planning to experiment 
on my Tenchi I'll..." Ryoko yelled as she came down the stairs. Washu 
just smiled at her and turned and walked to her lab.

"Don't worry my "little" Ryoko I said it would benefit both of you." 
Washu opened the door to her lab and disappeared into the door.

"I don't want to know what she's up to. Uhhh Gene are you all right?" 
Gene remained totally motionless. 

"Whatever." They all said. Sasami and Jim went outside followed by 
Tenchi and Ryoko.

"Ryoko you know that today I've got to go to the shrine for practice." 

"Oooh. Do you have to Tenchi?"

"Yes Ryoko I do. But you can come and not watch. Oh, and could you make 
sure to have a first-aid-kit handy, Grandpa's going to be pretty mad 
that I've skipped it almost every day this week." Ryoko flinched 
thinking about what Tenchi said but nodded.

"Grandpa. Grandpa I'm here for practice." Tenchi said as his grandpa 
emerged from the shrine office.

"Tenchi, you can skip it today. Ah skip it for another week." His 
grandpa said with a smile.

"Huh? What do you mean grandpa? Why are you suddenly giving me so much 
slack all of a sudden?" Tenchi asked. Yosho just looked at Ryoko and 
smiled.

"Well, lets just say you now have a reason to do other, more 
"IMPORTANT" things to worry about." Tenchi looked shocked.

"But how... How did you know... I didn't tell you." He looked over at 
Ryoko who looked just as confused.

"I'm your grandpa you can't hide anything from me." Yosho said, as he 
walked back into the shrine office.

"YEEAAAHHH!!! Did ya hear that Tenchi?" Ryoko said as she flew to 
Tenchi, put her arm around his neck and swung herself to where she was 
laying in his arms.

"Yeah! I did Ryoko. So what do you want to do first?" He Ryoko got an 
evil smile on her face. "Now Ryoko I..."

"No Tenchi I mean let's just spend every minute together. And then 
maybe a little space vacation." 

"Oh, ok of course Ryoko. You know you don't have to get an evil smile 
if it's something like that."

"Ooohh but you're face looks so cute when you're embarrassed."

"Well if it makes you happy. Lets go for a walk. Maybe Sasami would get 
fix us a picnic lunch."

"No, Sasami's to busy with "other" things don't bother her. Besides I'm 
not really hungry."

"All right Ryoko whatever's best for you."

    Meanwhile Sasami and Jim were out sitting by the space tree Funaho.

"So Jim how is it out there in space with Gene?" Sasami asked trying to 
make conversation.

"Compared to here it's hell. But on the other hand it was one adventure 
after another."

"Won't Gene want to leave once Washu's fixed the Outlaw Star?"

"I doubt it now that he found Washu, but if he does I'm staying here no 
matter what Gene says."

"You're so sweet Jim." Sasami said giving him a kiss on the cheek.

    Back in Washu's lab Washu was busy on her experiment. "Ryoko and 
Tenchi will love this. Not just the fact that I modified what is now 
their room. I should have this done in about a week."

     Ryoko and Tenchi were sitting under one of the many cherry blossom 
trees. "Hey Tenchi I've got an idea! Why don't we go to the mall in 
Tokyo?" 

"That's a great idea. Besides I heard that a new one just opened and 
it's supposed to have the best stuff. And I have been saving up a ton 
of money and I might as well stop since I finally have someone to spend 
it on. I'll go ask my dad if we can borrow the car. Be right back." 
With that Tenchi ran off.

"You better be or I'll be coming after you." Ryoko yelled after him.

"Hey dad. Can I borrow the keys to the car?" 

"Why son?" Noboyuki asked. Tenchi started to sweat.

"Well... Ummm... Me and Ryoko were going to go to the new mall in 
Tokyo."

"Just you and Ryoko?"

"Ehehe. Yeah... Why?" Noboyuki's face lit up.

"YYYYEEEEESSSSS!!! My son finally got the nerve to get a girlfriend! So 
when can I expect a grandson?" 

"DAD! I've not done anything like that... Yet."

"Ah well good things come to those to wait. But still hurry up Tenchi." 
Noboyuki said, as he threw Tenchi the keys.

"Yeah whatever. See ya."

    Tenchi ran out to see Ryoko already in the car. "Ready?"

"Tenchi I've waited for this for a year and you're asking me if I'm 
ready." Ryoko said giving him a passionate kiss.

"I'll take that as a yes." Tenchi said as he started the car and drove 
off. Ryoko saw that Tenchi had an aggravated expression and it seemed 
as if he had something troubling him.

"Tenchi, what's wrong?" She said sounding very concerned.

"Well, Ryoko you know that school will be starting soon and that means 
we'll have a lot less time together and I just wanted to make sure you 
would be ok."

"OOOOHHH NO!!! Tenchi why do you have to go to school anyway?"

"Listen I don't like it anymore than you do. But I have to. That's why 
we should make the most of the remaining time until school starts. 
After this year I'll have to go to Tokyo and live there which means 
will have even less time."

"NO!!! That's way to long. What happens if you get interested in 
another girl? I just couldn't take that."

"Listen Ryoko, for one thing nobody can match what I feel for you and 
second by that time we should be "close" enough to where you can stay 
with me."

"WOW! No way just the two of us! That's awesome."

"But Ryoko if anybody finds out they'll one try to "get to know you" in 
other words steal you while I'm gone. Two if someone important finds 
out you're here then you, I, or both of us could be thrown out."

"Don't worry. No one will find out."

"Well we don't need to worry about that now. Let's just enjoy 
ourselves."

"You're right Tenchi." She said as they drove the rest of the way in 
silence.

    Back in the kitchen Sasami had started lunch Jim right beside her. 
Sasami could care less about lunch and Jim was just there because 
Sasami was and that was about it. Sasami decided to break the silence.

"So what would you like for lunch Jim?"

"Huh? What... Sorry I wasn't paying attention."

"Oh not to what I was saying but me right?" Jim just blushed and 
nodded. "Remember you can't hide much from me." 

"Ehehe. Oh yeah sorry. I really don't care, whatever you makes fine 
with me Sasami."

"Ok then how big is Genes appetite."

"How bid is Gene's?" Jim burst out laughing. "There's not enough food 
in this house."

"Good then I'll apologize by fixing him a big dinner."

"Huh? Why apologize to that bum?"

"I just feel guilty about kicking him twice, that's all."

"Whatever Sasami." Jim said as he spaced out again staring at her.

"You're hopeless." Sasami said shaking her head.

    "Ryoko... Ryoko wake up." Tenchi said gently shaking Ryoko.

"Huh? What? (Big YYYYAAAAAWWWWWWNNNN) Are we there already?" Ryoko 
asked rubbing the sleep out of her eyes.

"Yep. Come on. We have to get in there before it gets to crowded."

"Well, why didn't you say so? Let's go!" Ryoko phased out of the car 
and right beside Tenchi. Tenchi put his arm around her waist and she 
put hers around his waist and they went off.

"Wow! Tenchi lets go there!" Ryoko said pointing to a women's bathing 
suit store.

"Uhhh... Ryoko couldn't you do that without me?" Tenchi asked 
nervously.

"But Tenchi I have to get your approval on a "nice" bathing suit. So no 
you have to come with me." Tenchi was now really red.

"Oh, all right you win."

"Of course. I always do." She said as they walked in the store. Ryoko 
noticed that most of the girls were all staring at Tenchi, some giving 
Ryoko an evil glare. Ryoko just glared at them and formed a small 
energy ball as a warning. The girls all backed away. "That's better." 
Ryoko looked around and picked out a couple of bikinis to try on then 
went into one of the dressing rooms. She spent about another hour in 
there as well.

"Tenchi I finally found one!" Ryoko said as she stepped out wearing a 
VERY, VERY tight bikini that left very little to the imagination. 
Tenchi's mouth dropped open as he just stared at her. "So, I guess that 
means you like it." Tenchi just nodded his head. "Yes! Uhhh... 
Tenchi... Tenchi are you in there?" Suddenly Tenchi snapped out of his 
trance.

"Oh... Yeah... Sorry Ryoko I was just uhhh..."

"Staring at me."

"Well... Yeah. Now lets go pay for this stuff."

"Thank you so much Tenchi!" Ryoko said giving him a long passionate 
kiss and smirking to herself at the jealous looks on all of the 
surrounding girls faces. 

"You're welcome Ryoko. Now where to?"

"Oh I know! How about we get some ice cream. I've never gotten a chance 
to try any."

"You haven't? Well then you're in for a real treat." Tenchi said as 
they went up the escalator to the second level.

"So, what do you want Ryoko?"

"Man, there are so many choices. I'll have that one. No that one. No 
wait!" After about fifteen minutes Ryoko finally made up her mind. It 
was simple by Ryoko's standards, it was six scoops of the richest 
flavors.

"Mmmmmm! This is good Tenchi!"

"Glad you like it Ryoko." Tenchi said with a smile.

"Tenchi lets go in there!" Ryoko said pointing at a store called 
Victoria's Secrets.

"Uhhhh... Ryoko I don't think..."

"Oh come on Tenchi!" Ryoko said as she dragged him inside. The scenario 
was exactly the same as with the other store only this time it took a 
little longer, and when Ryoko came out she was wearing a virtually see 
through pair of underwear, but the good part is she decided to keep her 
normal underwear on as well.

"Tenchi don't think I'll always have anything on under it... Or 
anything at all for that matter."

"Who cares?" He said in a complete trance as they headed for the 
checkout counter. 

"Tenchi we better get back. Supper will be ready soon and besides I 
have something "Special" planned." At this Tenchi gave a nervous smirk 
and started heading for the exit.

    Back home Sasami had just finished placing dinner on the table when 
Tenchi and Ryoko came in. Ryoko looked over and noticed Jim staring at 
Sasami. "Sasami, is that all he does when you're not talking to him?" 
Ryoko asked giving a slight smirk. Sasami blushed and then looked over 
to Tenchi who was staring at Ryoko in the same way as Jim was staring 
at her.

"You're one to talk Ryoko. Look at Tenchi." Ryoko turned her head and 
smiled.

"I guess you're right Sasami." She said as both boys snapped back to 
reality.

"Huh? Were you saying something Ryoko?" Tenchi asked.

"Oh, no I wasn't saying anything Tenchi." She said, her smile getting 
bigger.

"Oh, ok. Hey Sasami what's for dinner?" Tenchi asked.

"Yeah Sasami, what's cooking?" Jim followed.

"Wait you've been with her all day, haven't you? Don't you know?" 
Tenchi said.

"Ehehe." Jim chuckled scratching his head.

"Come on Tenchi lets just sit down." Ryoko said scooting Tenchi to a 
nearby seat. Sasami and Jim had just sat down, when Washu and a very 
red and happy looking Gene came in.

"I don't even have to ask to figure out what you to have been doing." 
Tenchi said with a nervous look.

"Good. We wouldn't have told you anyway. Sasami I'm going to have to 
pass on dinner. I have to get back to my experiment. Keep Gene here for 
now. I can't be tempted right now." 

"Ok Washu." Sasami replied, as the red haired genius walked back into 
her lab.

"What is she working on that could possibly benefit Tenchi and I?" 
Ryoko asked to no one in particular. Tenchi just shrugged and started 
eating. After everyone was done they went to bed.

In Tenchi's room Tenchi was facing the bed when Ryoko voice came from 
behind. "Ooohh Tenchi. Could you turn around for a sec?"

"Sure. Why..." Suddenly Ryoko shoved Tenchi onto the bed after he had 
completely turned around to face her. She was on top of him with a 
smile.

"Tenchi after what you said about school starting soon, so I decided I 
wanted to make every second count. Besides, I warned you, that you 
wouldn't be able to avoid "IT" forever." Tenchi smiled and nodded, as 
she started unbuttoning his shirt.

    "Hey Sasami, I'm gonna head up to bed now, ok." Jim said as he got 
off the couch. Sasami nodded.

"Yeah, I'm petty tired myself. Let's go." The two went up the stairs 
hand in hand. Suddenly Sasami heard noise coming from Tenchi's room. It 
sounded like Ryoko was moaning or something, Tenchi could also be 
heard.

"What are those two doi..." Sasami and Jim figured it out at exactly 
the same time and turned beet red, then burst out laughing. When they 
finally were able to stop. Sasami looked up at Jim who seemed to be 
considering attempting the same thing.

"Don't you even think about it!!!!" Sasami yelled at the top of her 
lungs.

"Ah man. I mean... Uhhh... What do you mean Sasami? I wasn't thinking 
about anything like that." 

"Jim cut the crap."

"Ok." Was all he said as they walked to their room.

"Sasami are you sure you're ok with sleeping in the same bed?"

"As long as you don't try anything. At least right now." With that they 
climbed in and went to sleep.

     The next morning. Tenchi woke up before Ryoko (Again). "Man, I 
sure hope last night wasn't a dream."

"Me too." Ryoko said groggily, having just woken up.

"Then we did..." Ryoko nodded.

"Yep."

"Yes that's what I wanted to hear. Lets go get some brea..." Tenchi 
stopped as he heard his dad coming toward his room.

"Tenc... Never mind it's not that important." Noboyuki said as he saw 
Ryoko's rather exposed body.

"DAD! Don't say anything and get out!"

"AHH! Can't I at least get the camera."

"DAD!"

"All right. But I have one request for Ryoko, I swear it's nothing 
hentai.

"All right lets hear it." Ryoko said very annoyed.

"Can you start calling me DAD?!" WHAM! Tenchi and Ryoko both fell off 
the bed, Ryoko landing on Tenchi.

" Not you too. Well all right. Now get out!" {And I thought Washu was 
bad.} Ryoko thought to herself.

{That's Mom.} Came Washu's voice inside Ryoko's head. Tenchi looked 
surprised he could hear Washu and Ryoko inside his head too.

{Washu what's going on? I can hear you and Ryoko in my head.} Now it 
was Ryoko's turn to be shocked.

{Yeah what's up Washu?}

{Didn't I tell you I was working on an experiment that would benefit 
both of you?} Ryoko's eyes lit up and she gave Tenchi a deep passionate 
kiss who likewise returned it with just as much emotion and passion.

{As of today I am destroying my link with you Ryoko. I can trust Tenchi 
to take care of you now. I'm cutting it in five, four, three, two,} 

{Thanks Washu.} Ryoko and Tenchi both thought at the same time but too 
interested in each other to really show it. Washu's link suddenly was 
completely cut.

"Tenchi this is perfect. Now the only person who can look into my mind 
is you, and I don't really care if you get "Curious"." Ryoko said with 
a smirk.

"Same with me Ryoko, and with school starting we'll still be able to 
talk."

"And I'll be able to keep an eye on you."

"Huh? What do you mean?" Tenchi asked looking very confused.

"Well, I can see whatever you see. Also I'll be able to teleport to 
your location anytime, so that means you need to find a quiet spot to 
eat lunch." Tenchi smiled and nodded in agreement.

    Washu went back to her room only to find that Gene was still 
asleep. "Lazy bum."

"Watch it Washu, you're beginning to sound like Jim." Washu looked 
surprised when Gene spoke. "Thought I was asleep didn't you?"

"No. I knew you were awake. Well ok so I didn't. But now you're going 
to have to make up for tricking me." She said as she climbed on the 
bed. Gene just smiled.

    Two weeks later Tenchi was getting ready for his first day of 
school for the year. Ryoko was still asleep and, as much as Tenchi 
wanted to, he wouldn't wake her.

"Tenchi, you weren't going to leave without saying goodbye were you?" 
Ryoko said as she rubbed the sleep from her eyes.

"Well I wanted to wake you up but you just looked so peaceful and I 
wanted to make this as easy as possible."

"That would have probably made it harder. You know what I'm capable of 
doing." Tenchi chuckled to himself as he pictured Ryoko blasting 
everyone in the house saying they had taken him. "I saw that Tenchi. 
Remember you can't hide anything from me."

"Oops."

"Well I've got to go. See ya."

"Not yet. I'm walking to the bus stop with you." 

"I'm so glad you asked. You looked pretty comfortable so I didn't 
really want get out."

"Tenchi sometimes you can be pretty stupid. Considerate, but stupid 
none the less. But that's why I love you." 

    They were both walking in silence until Ryoko spoke up. "Tenchi 
don't forget to sit somewhere quiet, ok."

"Don't worry Ryoko. Besides I'd probably go mad if I was away from you 
for seven hours straight." 

"Oh Tenchi." She cooed as she gave him a deep kiss. After they 
separated Tenchi climbed into the bus waving good bye, as the bus 
slowly started moving away. 

"I've got to stay calm. I can handle this." Ryoko said trying to keep 
herself under control. "I know. Won't Tenchi be surprised if I do all 
the house work for the day!" Ryoko phased out and appeared right in 
front of Sasami and Jim, who were in the middle of a kiss. Ryoko waited 
for about thirty seconds and they showed no sign of stopping. Ryoko 
cleared her throat. "Uhhh... Guys I don't feel like waiting here all 
day ya know." Sasami broke the kiss and whirled around looking like her 
head might explode at any time.

"Oh! Sorry Ryoko I was kind of..."

"Preoccupied." Ryoko finished.

"I guess you could say that." Jim said with a big smile.

"Now what did you need Ryoko?"

"Well I was going to tell you that I'll do all of your chores for 
today." Sasami looked shocked. "Ok, ok, I promise I won't cook." Sasami 
started giggling.

"No it's not that, it's just I can't believe you volunteered to do 
chores."

"Well there's nothing else to do."

"Oh I forgot Tenchi started school today didn't he? He left without his 
lunch."

"Don't worry. If you fix it I'll give it to him."

"Huh? How?"

"I have my ways. Now can I have the list of chores?"

"Sure... I guess." Sasami then handed the list to Ryoko, When she 
unfolded it, it blew up all over the place.

"Geez Sasami! How on earth do you get all this done?"

"Ryoko, I too have my ways." She said as she and Jim went back to the 
couch and Ryoko phased out. She appeared at the top of the stairs in a 
VERY tight maids outfit. She started humming and dusting and, for once, 
doing a pretty good job.

Jim and Sasami were climbing the stairs when Jim saw Ryoko and started 
staring at her. Sasami noticed this and stomped as hard as she could on 
Jim's foot clearing her throat at the same time.

"YOOOWWW!" 

"Serves you right."

"I've got to agree with Sasami, Jim you very well know I'm already 
taken." Ryoko said, with a playful smile on her face.

"RYOKO!!!" Sasami yelled.

"Whoa! Sasami don't turn into your sister, I was only kidding."

"You're right. Sorry."

"Don't worry about it." With that they went their separate ways.

     Later at Tenchi's school, Tenchi was having a very hard time 
listening to what the teachers were saying. All he could think about 
was Ryoko. {Well at least I'll be able to see her at lunch. But that's 
an hour away. I remember last year I thought of school as a break from 
the chaos at home.}

{Tenchi it's good to see that I'm the only thing on your mind.} Came 
Ryoko's voice in Tenchi's head.

{Ryoko! I almost forgot about this.}

{Well that's reassuring.}

{Sorry. What are you doing anyway?}

{All of Sasami's chores.} Ryoko response sounded as if there was 
nothing unusual about this.

"All of Sasami's chores!" Tenchi accidentally said out loud.

"Mr. Masaki! Is there something you'd like to share with the class?" 
The teacher said as all the boys around him started to laugh.

"Oh! Uhhhh... No sir."

"Mr. Masaki see me after class." 

"Yes sir." Tenchi said miserably.

{Ryoko. I'll be a little late going to lunch. I tell you when to come.}

{All right Tenchi. And remember don't sit under the apple tree with 
anyone but me.}

{Don't worry Ryoko. Bye} With that the link was closed.

The school bell rang signaling the end of class and the beginning of 
lunch. Tenchi came out fifteen minutes late after being chewed out by 
his teacher. He ran to a secluded spot and sat down. {Ok Ryoko. 
Whenever you're ready.} Tenchi barely finished his sentence when he 
felt Ryoko's lips touch his. They finally broke off after about a 
minute. "I guess that means you're glad to see me."

"Aren't I always?" She said with a smile.

"Hey Tenchi! Good going you finally picked up a girl. And a hot one at 
that!"

"Oh no." Tenchi groaned.

"Who's that."

"Amagisaki." 

"Hey Tenchi mind if I take your girl here."

"Amagisaki. Don't even try it."

"Hey lighten up I was only joking."

"But I'm not." Came a voice from a muscular boy.

"Come on baby. Come party with me and leave this pip squeak."

"Shut up! I don't want to hang out, with some muscle brained lummox." 
Ryoko said her voice full of anger.

"Hey you stupid woman you can't talk to me like that!" Suddenly Tenchi 
stood up.

"Don't you dare say anything like that to her and get out of here!"

"Move aside. I'm taking your girl and getting all the pleasure I want." 
This enraged Tenchi. He summoned the light hawk wings. Compared to him 
this guy was weak so all he had to do was send a shockwave of energy 
sending him right through the science lab window.

"Well that takes care of that." Tenchi said as Ryoko tackled him to the 
ground.

"Ooohh Tenchi you were so brave!"

"Well he was making fun of you and I couldn't stand for that. Besides 
what if, somehow, he was able to... Well you know. Well never mind." 
Suddenly the school bell rang. "Well you better go Ryoko. Don't worry 
I'll be home soon."

"Oh. All right." She said as she phased out and then reappeared back at 
the house in her maid suit once again.

    Jim and Sasami were sitting on the couch watching tv. A commercial 
caught Sasami's eye. "Hey look Jim, a carnivals coming to Tokyo. How 
about we go?"

"Yeah, that's a pretty good idea. I've not really seen much on earth 
and I'd like to get out of the house."

"You'd like to get out. I'm stuck around here doing most of the work. 
But I guess I can take a break on Saturday."

     RRRIIINNNGGG! The school bell signaled the end of school for the 
day. "Finally! I've never had such a hard day. Not to mention that it's  
the first day! Ah, who cares? Just got to concentrate on getting home." 
Tenchi ran as fast as he could to the bus stop and made the first one, 
which was unusual because of how slow he used to walk. On the way 
Tenchi couldn't sit still. He kept fidgeting and moving around in his 
seat. When the bus finally arrived at his stop and he ran faster than 
the day he first met Ryoko at his school.

    Meanwhile Ryoko was dusting right at the top of the stairs in plain 
sight. Ryoko hadn't been looking at the clock she knew that would just 
make her more miserable. Suddenly the door opened. Tenchi came through 
and noticed what Ryoko was wearing and just stood there his mouth wide 
open. Ryoko thought it was Sasami but after a minute she didn't hear 
anyone walk away or say anything so she turned around. She blushed as 
she saw Tenchi standing there with his mouth open. She phased right in 
front of him and put her arms around his neck bringing his face very 
close to hers. "I see you approve Tenchi." Tenchi just nodded his head 
as Ryoko gave him a long kiss. "You know Tenchi I'm thinking about 
making you stay home. I don't think I can take this every day." She 
said in a pitiful voice.

"I'm sorry Ryoko, but I have to. I don't like it either but my dad will 
ki..." Tenchi was interrupted by Noboyuki, who had just slipped in the 
door.

"No I won't Tenchi. Actually I'd like to see you stay home with Ryoko. 
Now I'm not saying everyday maybe once a week or something."

"Dad, are you sure about that?"

"Yeah, why don't you take tomorrow off!"

"Wow! Thanks dad!" Tenchi said with a big smile.

"Oh and Ryoko. You better use it wisely." Noboyuki said, as he winked 
at her. She smiled at him for once.

"Wouldn't have it any other way." She said smiling at Tenchi

"Well I've got a project, that needs to be finished by tomorrow. See 
ya."

"Bye." They both said at the same time.

"Oh, and Tenchi you have chores to do today since I'm giving you 
tomorrow off." Noboyuki called from upstairs.

"All right." He groaned and started for the door.

"Hey I'm coming to Tenchi." Ryoko said as she floated after him.

"No I have to think on some things, so do you think you could close the 
link for a while?"

"But... What about?"

"Ryoko. I'm sorry I just have something on my mind."

"Oh, ok." She sighed as she phased away. 

    Tenchi was in the field tending to the carrots, with a million 
questions going through his head, one thing in particular.

{What am I going to do? I'm worried about our aging differences. I'll 
age while she stay's young. I'll die long before her. That would hurt 
her to much, who knows what she'd do?} Tenchi gave up on this thought 
and went to his next one. {I wonder why Ryoko put up with me for so 
long? I wouldn't have been surprised if she had given up. I also act 
like I don't really appreciate her, she's always having to take the 
initiative and give me a push. I'm going to start taking the initiative 
and show her how much I really care, it's the least I can do.} Tenchi 
thought as he through down his hoe and ran to the house.

    Tenchi ran into the living room and saw Ryoko, with her back facing 
him, looking out the window. {Perfect.} He said to himself as he slowly 
and silently crept up behind her. Ryoko was completely unaware of this. 
Suddenly he whirled her around and took her up in his arms and gave her 
a deep and passionate kiss. Ryoko was totally shocked by this. She had 
never known Tenchi to be like this, but she didn't care she actually 
liked this it was something new and it was all his doing. He kept the 
kiss and took her to his room and laid her on the bed. 

   Meanwhile in Washu's lab Washu was sleeping with Gene right beside 
her. Suddenly an alarm went off and her holo-computer appeared. "What 
the?" Washu stuttered half asleep. The computer was displaying charts 
of everyone in the household. It seemed that Tenchi and Ryoko's body 
heat was rising same with their bran waves, which showed a great deal 
of pleasure. "Those two. Isn't it a bit early? Not only have they done 
it every day since their trip to Tokyo but now they're doing it when 
it's still daylight. I'm one to talk, but I have a secluded lair. Ah 
well as long as my daughters happy."

     "Sasami do you hear that all to familiar noise?" Sasami blushed.

"Yep. They're doing it earlier and earlier. I'm going to have to start 
being careful about waking them up for breakfast." They both giggled.

"Ah well, you can't blame her. She does love Tenchi." Jim said looking 
at the slightly moving ceiling.

"You mean Ryoko? This was Tenchi's doing. At least that's what Tsunami 
tells me."

"No way! Really? Go Tenchi!" Jim said with a thumb raised.

    "Wow Tenchi! What spurred you to do that?" Ryoko asked after about 
thirty minutes of rest.

"Well, to tell you the truth I got to thinking that I'm always making 
you make the move. I never try myself you always have to push me and I 
felt I that you might think I don't really care about you or something. 
I just felt bad, I mean I made you wait for so long and now this I 
just... Oh I don't know." He said in frustration.

"Tenchi never say that. I know you love me. You've shown me that in 
many ways." 

"You would say that to make me feel better." He said sounding very 
ashamed.

"I mean it Tenchi. I'm not saying it to make you feel better. Of course 
don't get the wrong idea I don't mind you "Making it up to me." I even 
encouraged you, it has very promising rewards." She said seductively as 
she kissed him.

"Sorry Ryoko."

"Oh shut up. You don't have to keep saying you're sorry."

"I'm sor... I mean... Ok"

"That's better. Now I have to go see Washu I'll be back."

"Huh? What for?"

"You're not the only one with something on their mind." She said with a 
smile.

"Well, ok Ryoko I'll be in the living room. Sasami should have supper 
ready soon." 

"Don't worry Tenchi." She said as she disappeared.

     Tenchi came down the stairs and saw Jim and Sasami kissing. 
"Uhhh... Guys." Was all he said when they straightened up.

"Ah Tenchi not you too. Ryoko caught us earlier today. Tenchi you 
shouldn't say anything. You and Ryoko making all that commotion while 
we're down here. You're going to give Jim ideas." Tenchi turned red.

"Sorry I forgot."

"Don't worry about it Tenchi I think it's great you finally made a move 
on Ryoko." Jim said with a big smile.

"Hey how'd you know I..." Tenchi stopped when he saw the grin on 
Sasami's face. "Does Tsunami peek in on everything?"

"Yeah, she says she just wants to observe more on humans but I know she 
just likes you Tenchi."

"My gosh even goddesses are attracted to me." Tenchi sighed.

"Shut up. Sorry I didn't know you didn't want me to tell." Sasami said 
to no one in particular.

"Uhhh... Sasami who are you talking to?" Jim and Tenchi asked at the 
same time.

"Huh? Oh sorry! I'm talking to Tsunami she says that she's not supposed 
to have an attraction to a human because of her position."

"Oh, ok." They both said again.

Suddenly Ryoko walked out of Washu's lab looking unhappy. "Ryoko, 
what's wrong?" Tenchi asked looking very concerned. He also saw traces 
of tears in her eyes.

"It's... Nothing Tenchi... I can't tell you right now."

"Ryoko why not?"

"It's nothing Tenchi. Please don't ask again." Tenchi wrapped his arms 
around her and pulled her close.

"All right Ryoko." He said softly. "Hey Sasami what's for dinner?" 
Tenchi said trying to change the subject.

"OH NO! I forgot dinner! Tenchi I'm sorry you'll have to fix some 
instant ramen."

"Oh all right." He said as he and Ryoko walked into the kitchen. They 
ate in silence. Ryoko looked pretty shaken up but Tenchi decided not to 
press the matter. After dinner they all went to bed.

Tenchi and Ryoko were in bed. Ryoko was still sniffling and facing away 
from him. This really worried Tenchi. He put his arms around her waist 
and held her tight. "Ryoko, please tell me what's wrong." He pleaded.

"Tenchi, I can't tell you. Please don't make me. Ask Washu."

"All right Ryoko. But will you please face me and cheer up. I can't 
stand to see you depressed." She turned around and wiped her eyes.

"All right Tenchi." She said forcing a smile. He hugged her closer and 
they fell asleep in each other's arms.

    Tenchi awoke the next morning to find Ryoko was gone. Tenchi shot 
out of bed in a panic. He ran as fast as he could downstairs ignoring 
the usual Sasami and Jim scene and running right into Washu's lab. 
"Washu have you seen Ry..." Tenchi stopped when he saw Ryoko on a table 
having some kind of scan done. "Washu what are you doing?"

"One moment Tenchi just a few more tests and... There!"

"Ow my head. Hey did you find out anything new." Ryoko asked her voice 
pleading. Washu shook her head. Ryoko's eyes welled up with tears. 
Ryoko looked up and noticed Tenchi. "Washu would you please tell him?"

"Sure Ryoko." She said as she walked up to Tenchi. "Listen Tenchi 
Ryoko's very upset. It's because... Well I've done some tests and found 
that you two are not compatible with each other." Tenchi looked shocked 
and Ryoko lowered her head.

"Washu... Do you mean..." Washu nodded. Tenchi then walked over to 
Ryoko.

"Tenchi I didn't want to tell you. I was afraid it would make you 
reject me." She said sobbing. Tenchi wrapped his arms around her and 
kissed her.

"Ryoko I don't, care I still love you, nothing can ever change that. I 
promise." She looked up at him her face showed signs of joy now.

"Really Tenchi?"

"Yes Ryoko."
 
Washu cleared her throat. "Well there is a chance that you can become 
compatible but you have to agree to it Tenchi."

"Why only Tenchi?" Ryoko questioned.

"I already have sufficient DNA from you Ryoko but I have to get that 
"Sample" from Tenchi. Can you get it for me Ryoko?" Washu said with a 
mischievous smile.

"You bet mom." She said with the same smile.

"Now do you agree?" Tenchi nodded.

"How could I pass up this offer? I get to spend even more time with 
Ryoko and there's a chance we could have kids. What do I have to lose?"

"You're head, if you say no." Ryoko said with a smile. 

"Oh! Well then I have absolutely no choice than to obey." He said with 
a similar smile as they walked through the door that appeared.

"I just hope this works." Washu sighed.

     Back in the living room Sasami started laughing. "What?" Jim asked 
with a puzzled look.

"Oh nothing, it's just what Tenchi and Ryoko are doing... Again." Jim 
caught on and started laughing.

"Boy they can't stay away from each other can they?" Jim said.

"You're one to talk Jim." Sasami said as she kissed him.

"Yeah, I guess you're right." He said scratching his head. 

    An hour later Tenchi and Ryoko emerged from the room. "Geez how 
long did you guys rest?" Washu asked.

"Huh? What do you mean? We didn't rest." Tenchi said as Washu's mouth 
dropped open.

"You're kidding me, right?"

"No he's not." Ryoko said as she hugged him. "The sample is already in 
the computer Washu."

"Thanks Ryoko." Washu said as she summoned her laptop. "Wow Ryoko you 
got a lot!" Ryoko and Tenchi blushed. "Ok stand in those pods over 
there. I'll transfer the DNA through that." Ryoko and Tenchi complied 
and Washu typed on her computer. Suddenly the tubes glowed a blinding 
light then it subsided. The tubes opened an Tenchi and Ryoko both 
stepped out.

"Well?" Ryoko said, when she got beside Washu. Washu held her finger 
up.

"One moment Ryoko..." Washu stood there typing and reading some graphs 
for a while, then looked up. "The tests were successful!" She yelled as 
she held up her arm.

"Yes!" Ryoko said as she jumped into Tenchi's arms.

"But, you'll have to wait at least seven years. The process is 
extremely complex. I'm sorry that's all I can do."

"I'll wait as long as it takes." Tenchi said as he looked at Ryoko and 
smiled. She hugged him tightly and smiled back.

Authors Note: Well that's it for this chapter the next one (No Need For 
A Wedding.) will come out shortly depending on if I want to keep it all 
in one chapter or not. Well send any comments or complaints to 
Bomberini@aol.com. 
