                        Tenchi Muyo-No Need For a Succubus
                        A Tenchi Muyo/Darkstalkers X-Over
                                By Azaka the Knight

Disclaimer:I do not own any of the characters in this story. Techi Muyo
belongs to Pioneer and
Darkstalkers belongs to Capcom. Please if you're going to use my story say I
wrote it. If I find
out you claimed my story I will send a computer Virus
MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!

And now, on with the story...

Ryoko was sleeping with Ryo-oki sleeping on top of her. Suddenly someone
stuffed both of them in
a bag and ran off with them. They still were fast asleep. Go figure.

Meanwhile...

In the Darkstalkers universe. Lilith was practicing her fighting skills when
suddenly someone
slammed her in the head and she was knocked out. It was the same figure and
he put Lilith in a
bag and ran off to a big spaceship with both Lilith and Ryoko.

back at the Tenchiverse...

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!" yelled Sasami who instantly woke up everyone.
Everyone ran into her
room. "What's wrong Sasami?" Tenchi asked. "Ryo-oki and Ryoko are gone" she
replied."Are you sure
Sasami?" Tenchi asked her. "Positive" said Sasami. "I bet that demon woman
is just wandering
around town going to get a drink" Aeka sain with a snort "Just like that
demon woman to do that"
"No" Tenchi said "She wouldn't have taken Ryo-oki with her" "Maybe she was
kidnapped" said
Mihoshi. "Don't be stupid Mihoshi" Kiyone said "Ryoko would be able to beat
the living crap out
of anyone who tried to take her that is unless" Suddenly everyone knew who
the kidnapper was.
"It can't be Kagato Tenchi killed him back on Jurai, right?" Sasami said.
"Actualy" Tenchi said
"he just disappeared in a cloud of black smoke." "He had a huge slash across
his chest that was
bleeding very bad and he coundn't have survived." At this everyone started
to think about what
the someone or something was that could of healed Kagato so quickly.

Up in Space (in the solar system of the Milky Way galaxy)...

The figure who had uncloaked himself to be none other than Kagato was
sitting in front of someone.
"I got the girl for you plus I got a treat for me as well" Kagato said to
the figure. "Exellent"
the figure said "Now we are even" "You can say that again um what was your
name again?" "It's
Jedah" the figure said looking at the bag that contained Lilith "the future
ruler of the
universe" "How are you going to do that? Kagato asked. "It's easy" Jedah
said with a laugh
"This one is called Lilith she has a sister that is named Morrigan. With the
combined powers
of them I shall be stronger than anything in the universe" "that is a very
brilliant plan Jedah
I should of thought of it" Kagato said.

in the Darkstalkers universe...

"Lilith where are you?" called a concerned Morrigan looking all around the
palace. "I think maybe
Felicia would have seen her" Morrigan said to herself. So Morrigan flew to
Felicia's place to ask
her. At Felicia's place the door was unlocked so Morrigan let herself in.
"Felicia, where are
you?" Morrigan callled. At that moment she was pounced upon and pinnned down
by a fast moving
figure. "I caught you off guard and pinned you down so now I win" said a
playful looking Felicia
Morrigan pushed her off. "Ok I guess you're ready for round two" Felicia
said as she quickly
jumped onto Morrigan. Morrigan was now really getting pissed off so she
threw Felicia down very
hard and stomped on her ribs. Felicia yowled in pain as Morrigan's weight
was brought down on her
fragile ribs. "Have you seen Lilith?" asked Morrigan. "Yes" Felicia barely
said because of the
pain. "Really where?" asked Morrigan taking her foot off Felicia's ribs.
"I'm not supposed to
tell" said Felicia as she started to run outside. Morrigan followed her
wondering why she
wouldn't tell. Felicia was fast but Morrigan was faster when she was flying.
Morrigan caught up
to her and tackeled her down. She landed with her knees on Felicia's back
and twisted Felicia's
arm behind her back. The pain for Felicia was unbearable. The rib pain was
back but now the added
pain of her arm. "Tell me where she is" Morrigan said. "No" said Felicia.
Hearing this Morrigan
added more weight to Felicia's ribs and twisted her arm more Felicia was in
so much pain she just
passed out. When Felicia woke up she could see two Morrigans. She went to
rub her eyes but found
that her arms were pinned down by one. Morrigan had used her Darkness
Illusion move and made
herself split into two Morrigans. "Will you tell me yet?" the Morrigan that
wasn't holding her
down asked. "n-n-no" Felicia said. With that Morrigan punched into her ribs.
"OWWWWWWWWWW"
Felicia yelled since her ribs were still sore. "TELL ME!" Morrigan shouted.
"n-n-n-no t-the'll
kill me" Felicia said trembling with fear. "your choice" Morrigan said as
she electrified Felicia
with her hand. The pain was so great that Feicia just layed there eyes wide
open looking like she
was trying to scream but just couldn't." "NOW WILL YOU TELL ME OR WILL I
JUST HAVE TO KILL YOU
FIRST" Morrigan yelled with a knife in her hand. Felicia closed her eyes as
she rolled sideways
hands to her face crying in fear that she will die. "Now will you
cooperate?" asked Morrigan.
Felicia said "y-y-yes please don't hurt me anymore" while still trembling.
"it's ok" saying that,
both Morrigans helped Felicia up and led her to the spaceship Morrigans bats
had formed.

back in the Tenchiverse...

It was near the end of the day and Ryoko and Ryo-oki had not retuned.
Everyone was worried. So
worried that they hadn't eaten and Sasami hadn't cooked. Aeka was even
starting to worry for the
space pirate Ryoko. "Let's just go to sleep we can't do anything about it
when we're tired" said
Tenchi. "okay" said everyone else. So they all went to their rooms and fell
asleep.

back in Morrigan's spaceship...

Felicia was still very hurt and scared. So when Morrigan came into her room
she ducked under her
bed. "Please don't hurt me" she said. "I'm not going to hurt you  just need
your help said
Morrigan. "okay" said Felicia as she came out from under her bed. "She's in
the Milky Way Galaxy
Felicia pointed to one of the galaxys on Morrigan's ship map. It turned into
a much bigger map of
the galaxy. Morrigan looked at the map and realized something. "Hey my
ship's detecting high power
coming from this planet in a place they call Japan. "Let's go then" said a
still afraid Felicia.

once again back in the Tenchiverse...

It was morning and Tenchi had just gotten up when he heard a crash outside.
He decided to go
investigate. Aeka woke up and saw Tenchi going outside so she went outside
but hid so Tenchi
Wouldn't see her. There was a spacecraft in front of Tenchi. Suddenly a door
opened and out
stepped Felicia. Tenchi saw the sharp claws she had and took out his energy
sword. When Felicia
saw the sword she started backing up her eyes wide open. Aeka thought the
cat-lady was going to
charge Tenchi so she jumped out of the shadows and surrounded Felicia with
her logs. Aeka then
zapped Felicia at full blast. Felicia arched her back in pain then fell on
he side crying. By
this time everyone in the house had gone outside because of the loud ZAP!
that was followed by
someone crying. Aeka seeing Felicia crying had stopped zapping her. and
started moving towards
her to get a closer look. Felicia backed up saying "Ow that hurt." After
saying that
Felicia rolled into a ball and started crying and shivering. The first one
to speak up was
Mihoshi who said "Aeka look what you did!" Everyone looked suprisingly at
Mihoshi for it was the
first time they had seen her mad. "Why did you zap her?!" Mihoshi screamed
in Aeka's face. Ayeka
now was getting a little afraid of Mihoshi and said "I-I Thought she was
going to hurt Tenchi"
"WELL DOES SHE LOOK VERY HARMFUL JUST CRYING THERE!" Mihoshi shouted
pointing at the crying
cat-girl. Mihoshi then stomped into the house slamming the door. "Wow" said
Washu breaking
the silence. Suddenly, the door opened again but this time Morrigan stepped
out. Tenchi seeing
Morrigan's great body under that tight uniform gave him a major nosebleed.
Morrigan looked out
onto the field. Felicia was burnt crying to her right. Tenchi and Aeka were
near Felicia and
Tenchi had a major noose bleed. She decided that Tenchi and Aeka were the
enemy and used her
"Darkness Illusion" technique to split in two again. "Now tell me where
Lilith is and it won't get
dirty. "Who's Lilith" Tenchi and Aeka said at the same time. "Your little
cherade is not going to
fool me" and with that both the Morrigans collected the bats in their hands
to create the ever so
powerful "Soul Eraser" guns. "RUN!!!!" said Tenchi as both Morrigans pulled
the trigger of the
"Soul Eraser" guns. It was just total insanity as both Morrigans ran after
Tenchi and the gang
As they were passing by the Shrine, Yosho saw the mayham and greeted the two
Morrigans. "Hello
have you met my grandson Tenchi?" Yosho asked one of them. "Huh?" Morrigan
looked confused. "Oh,
are you and that lady there twins?" Yosho asked her. "Um..." Morrigan was
cut short because Aeka
had hit her in the back of the head. "Hah that shows you to try to kill
Jurain blood" Aeka said
Mihoshi had just gone out with Felicia at her side. Felicia gasped at what
she saw. "AEKA!!!"
Mihoshi had yelled with flames in her eyes. Aeka turned toward her.
"She tried to kill us so I apprehended her." "Oh" said Mihoshi calmed down.
"Carry on then" Felicia
decided to help Morrigan. So she jumped toward Aeka claws outstretched. Aeka
saw her and formed a
shield. Felicia just bounced off the shield. Kiyone suddenly came over gun
pointing at Felicia
saying, "Galaxy police detective Kiyone here, don't move" Felicia looked
scared and just yelled,
"PLEASE HELP ME!" "huh" Kiyone said as a the land started to rumble"
Suddenly a very huge replica
of Felicia came and said "Don't worry I'm here" When the figure said that
Felicia got up and said,
"hooray I haven't seen you since the 2nd Darkstalkers tournament let's get
them" with that
Felicia jumped up and landed on the shoulder of the figure. "ATTACK!"
Felicia yelled as the giant
catwoman started to chase after Tenchi and the gang. "There is only one
solution to get us out of
this mess" Washu said. "What's that?" everyone asked. "it's RUN!!!!!!!!!!!!"
yelled Washu and the
giant catwoman almost smashed them. Suddenly Morrigan woke up. "Wha-What
happened?" she asked.
She saw the giant Felicia with the ordinary Felicia sitting on her shoulder.
"Hmmm, she has more
potential then I thought" said Morrigan with a grin.

Back on Jedah's ship...

Ryoko had just woke up. "Wha-What happened?" Ryoko said looking bad. Ryoko
looked around. She was
on a huge ship and Ryo-oki was nearby. She saw the mad looking Lilith next
to her. "Hey you"
Ryoko yelled at Lilith. "Huh" said Lilith looking at Ryoko. "Where are we?"
asked Ryoko. "we're
on the ship of Jedah" said Lilith still looking unhappy. "Whatever I'm
busting out" said ryoko as
she proceeded to phase out the wall. BZZZZZZZZTTTTTT!!!!!!! The electric
wall fried Ryoko and
caused her to black out. When she awoke Lilith was staring into her face.
"What do you want?"
asked Ryoko backing off. "I'm hungry" said Lilith. "Well I don't have any
food" answered Ryoko.
"Oh but you do" said Lilith licking her fangs. Ryoko saw this and replied,
"Well if you want my
blood you're gonna have to fight for it" Lilith readied herself for an
intense fight. "Yahhh!"
yelled Ryoko as she fired a huge enery ball. It just stoped in its tracks
near Lilith and reversed
itself. Ryoko not expectin this got the total damage of the blow. Ryoko
slowly got up limping.
That wasn't fair" said Ryoko. "I don't play fair" Lilith said coming closer.
Ryo-oki saw her
master in danger and jumped towards Lilith. Lilith saw Ryo-oki and just blew
a green kiss at the
cabbit. Ryo-oki stopped in midair and fell to the ground. Ryoko watched this
eyes wide in
suprise. "Now let's see if it works on you" said Lilith blowing a kiss to
Ryoko. Ryoko tried to
evade it but got hit and was paralyzed. "Now don't worry this won't hurt a
bit" Lilith said.
"I don't believe you" said Ryoko "according to earth movies the bloodsucking
of a vampire hurts like
hell" "I'm not a vampire, I'm a succubus" and with that Lilith bit down into
the neck of Ryoko.
An immense rush of pleasure came over to Ryoko as Lilith sucked her blood.
"Now did that hurt"
said Lilith blood running down her mouth. "No master" said Ryoko her eyes
pure green. "good now
lets get out of here" said Lilith with a smile. "Yes master" Ryoko said
"Ryo-oki ship transform"
Ryo-oki relived from her paralysis gave an agreeing Miya and transformed
exploding the room.
Then Ryoko and Lilith left on Ryo-oki

Somewhere in the shadows...

"Ah now they will lead us right to universal domination" said Jedah. "Oh
yes" said Kagato with a
smile.

back to the Tenchiverse...

The giant Felicia had tripped over a tree and disappeared which left the
Tenchi gang and Felicia
"You'll make a fine specimen in my lab" said Washu as she typed on her
transparent computer. With
that Felicia disappeared. Only to reappear in Washu's lab. They started to
walk home when they
saw Morrigan standing there. Morrigan pointed behind Tenchi and her bats
formed around everyone
but Tenchi and surrounded them with a bubble. "You let go of them right
now." said Tenchi sword
in hand. "Oh you're so brave" said Morrigan. Morrigan also formed a sword in
her hand exept much
bigger than Tenchi's. They then had a huge showdown. But in the end Tenchi
with the "Power of
Jurai" knocked Morrigan's sword away. "Now let them go or else" said Tenchi.
Suddenly Tenchi was
hit with a giant ball of energy. Tenchi was knocked unconcious by the blast.
Over him stood a very
happy looking Ryoko. "RYOKO WHAT HAVE YOU DONE!" yelled everyone in the
bubble. "I knew she was
just so trecherous I swear I'll kill her one of thes..." Washu had
interrupted Aeka to point out
the bite marks on Ryoko's neck" "Vampires do exist said Sasami covering her
eyes "and one of them
got Ryoko" Sasami then started crying. "Hah I guess Lilith had done it" said
Morrigan with a grin.
"Her first blood hunt victim and I thought she wouldn't do it" Lilith
suddenly walked out of the
shadows. "Everyone turned to look at her and suddenly got vey scared. Lilith
still had that blood
stain going down her fangs to her throat. "This girl is so powerful" said
Lilith "I feel like a
new person.

Will Ryoko come back?
Will Tenchi gain conciousness?
What are Kagao and Jedah planning?

Read in the next part to this. "No Need For a Dark Lord

Questions, comments, or anything please send to Azaka the knight at
eaaguilar@msn.com
