No Need For Hokey Religions!!!!
Chapter 1: Action!!!
By: Kagemusha

First of all let's get this straight. I do not own Tenchi Muyo! or any of 
the characters in it. Nor do I own Star Wars or any of the characters in it 
or any likenesses to it. I am not doing this story for profit, merely for 
fun. Please send any feedback to kagemusha1999@hotmail.com



	Tenchi Masaki groaned to himself, as he fled the scene of yet another fight 
between Ryoko and Ayeka. He looked back to see an explosion tear a hole 
through the roof. "Great, that's another repair I'm gonna have to make." he 
thought to himself. Tenchi decided to go to the one spot where he could get 
some peace and quiet.


	"Damn you Ayeka!!" Ryoko yelled at the top of her lungs, "Tenchi is 
mine!!!"


	Ayeka quickly formed a forcefield causing the oncoming energy ball to 
explode harmlessly against it. "Lord Tenchi would want nothing to do with a 
foul demon such as yourself!!" she quickly replied.


	The dimensional doorway to Washu's lab opened up to reveal The Greatest 
Scientific Mind In The Universe. Washu crossed her arms as she surveyed the 
damage that had been done. She suddenly leaped into the air, kicking 
angrily, and screamed, "WILL YOU TWO KEEP QUIET!!!!!!!!!!!"

	Both Ryoko and Ayeka looked at Washu as if nothing had happened, "Geez talk 
about a grouch." Ryoko calmly stated. "Indeed." Ayeka stated in agreement as 
Washu facefaulted.


	Tenchi sat in the woods savoring the peace and quiet, figuring that the 
peaceful moment would soon be shattered by the sudden appearance of Ryoko. 
He tensed up for a minute expecting her to teleport behind him at that very 
instant. When she didn't he calmed down, and stopped trying to estimate when 
she would come. He looked up as a starship silently and suddenly cruised 
overtop of the woods heading in the general direction of the house. "I 
wonder who that could be?" he thought out loud. Tenchi began to jog back 
towards the house and froze in his tracks as he suddenly heard the sound of 
rapid laser fire and several explosions come from the house. He broke into 
an all out sprint suddenly fearing the worst.


	Sasami had just come downstairs from cleaning her and Ayeka's bedroom when 
the heavy laser fire began ripping through the roof of the house. She 
screamed as she tumbled down the steps landing at the bottom with a hard 
thud. Sasami cringed as several laser bolts impacted against the forcefield 
which appeard suddenly between her and a few of the deadly beams of energy. 
She looked over to where Ayeka stood projecting a similar forcefield about 
herself. "Ayeka!! What's going on!?!?" Sasami cried out in fear.


	"I don't know who, but someone's attacking the house Sasami!!" Ayeka 
replied quickly, focusing on strengthening the forcefields above her and her 
sister. She whirled around as several figures burst through the front door, 
firing some sort of laser weapons at both her and Sasami. She quickly formed 
two shields to defend Sasami and herself from these new attackers, while 
keeping up the two above them to ward off the fire from the ship. Just when 
it seemed that the strain of maintaining all of the shields would push her 
into unconsciousness Ayeka watched as the tip of an energy blade suddenly 
sprouted from the chest of one of the attackers. He looked down with a 
startled cry before collapsing.


	"I'm not about to let you hurt Sasami." Ryoko stated, then added, "Now if 
you wanna get rid of Ayeka, have fun!!!!"


	One of the attackers yelled out, "It's her!!!!! Compressed ion particle 
beams now!!!" The group fluidly moved as one, all flicking a switch on their 
weapons, and firing upon Ryoko as she charged and cut one of their own down.


	"Oh come on...lasers?" she taunted, dodging the fire while still advancing 
on the remaining attackers.


	Ayeka ran over to Sasami while the group focused on Ryoko. "Ayeka, what 
about Ryoko?" Sasami asked in a worried tone as she and Ayeka took cover. 
"What about her?" Ayeka replied. "Ayeka!!" Sasami cried with a frown. "Oh 
ok...Azaka!! Kamadake!! Assist Miss Ryoko now!!" Ayeka yelled.


	The two Guardians appeared just as two of the energy beams struck Ryoko. 
She looked at the spots where she had been hit and began to laugh. "Is that 
all you've g..." she stopped in mid-sentence and stumbled suddenly feeling 
dazed and weak. "What the hell?" she managed before passing out.


	"Miss Ryoko!!!" Azaka and Kamadake both cried out. The two formed an energy 
field around one of the attackers who had injured Ryoko virtually trapping 
him. The rest of the attack group  formed a circle around Ryoko's 
unconscious form.


	At that very instant Tenchi burst through the front door in full Jurian 
battle attire with his lighthawk wings activated.  He took one glance at the 
group around Ryoko and yelled, "No!! Ryoko!!" The attack group halted firing 
at the two Gaurdians to deal with this new possible threat. Tenchi formed 
his lighthawk wings into an energy blade and sized up the group.


	At the site of Tenchi's energy blade one of the attackers yelled out, "What 
the hell?!?! He said that there wouldn't be any Jedi here!!!!! Open 
fire!!!!! Slow him down till we get the target out of here!!!!" Two of the 
attackers stepped forward and began firing at Tenchi while the rest of the 
group picked up Ryoko and blasted a hole through the wall creating an exit. 
Tenchi ran forward and cut one of the two attackers in half, then leaped 
from the other attacker's line of fire.  While he was occupied the rest of 
the attack group carried Ryoko outside, and boarded their shuttle. "Take 
off!!! Forget about them!!! Their already dead!!!" they told the pilot.


	After finishing the last attacker off Tenchi dashed outside only to see the 
shuttle take off and slowly ascend. He prepared to fire an energy blast at 
it but Ayeka stopped him saying, "Although I personally wouldn't mind but 
Ryoko is on that ship and I know it would tear your conscious apart if she 
were hurt due to your actions Lord Tenchi." Slumping his shoulders but 
nodding in agreement Tenchi looked around and asked, "Hey, where's Ryo-oh-ki 
and Washu?"


	Down in her lab Washu was about to discover the meaning of life when... 
"Washu!!!!!!!" She facefaulted, then got up to see Ayeka, Tenchi, and Sasami 
rushing down the steps. Azaka and Kamadake followed the three towing an 
armored military looking figure trapped in one of their forcefields. "What 
is it now!?!?"


	Tenchi asked with a puzzled look, "You're mentally connected to Ryoko so 
how don't you know the situation Washu?!" Washu sighed then opened her 
mental link with Ryoko only to see...nothing.


	"Where is she?" she asked with a worried look. All three began to retell 
the events from their perspective viewpoints, while Washu nodded, listened, 
and observed the captured attacker. "And you say that there was about ten of 
these guys?" she asked, then said "No problem." Washu's phantom keyboard 
appeared in front of her and she began typing furiously while watching 
various images and text on her display. "What!?!?!?!?!?" she cried out 
suddenly, "How could they have a cloak that blocks my tracking so 
effectively?!?!"


	While she went back to the task of trying to tracking the escaped shuttle, 
Tenchi actually took a good look at captured attacker. Whomever it was had 
some sort of high tech military looking armor, and a matching robotic mask. 
The attacker had several mean looking weapons, and some other high tech 
gadgets hanging from his armor. "Washu what I want to know is how did they 
knock Ryoko out?" asked Tenchi, "I mean, the weapons they were firing didn't 
appear to be capable of hurting her compared to some other stuff that's been 
fired at her."


	They all turned as the attacker laughed suddenly and said, "I guess you 
Jedi aren't as all knowing as they claim you are."


	As he continued laughing Sasami looked over to Ayeka and Tenchi and asked 
them, "What's a Jedi? And why did he just call you that Tenchi?"


	Tenchi merely shrugged, but Ayeka replied, "Oh it's just a legend about 
some hokey old religion Sasami. It's nothing for you to worry about. But I 
wonder why he refered to them when he saw Lord Tenchi as well."


	Washu who had a worried look on her face simply stated, "Oh they're quite 
real Ayeka, and we'd better find Ryoko soon, because anyone who knew of the 
Jedi but tried to kill someone whom they thought was one...well...let's say 
they won't have her best interest at heart."


	Ayeka asked Washu, "Just how do you know of this Miss Washu?" Washu looked 
at her with an annoyed look and replied, "I'm the Greatest Scientific Mind 
In The Universe!! Why wouldn't I know?!?!"


	As Tenchi was about to ask a question, Sasami pointed to a red light 
flashing on one of Washu's moniters and asked, "What's this for Washu?"


	Washu casually looked over and replied, "Oh that? It's just warning that 
there's a ship entering Earth's atmosphere, and heading this way. Nothin' 
serious."


	"What!?!?!?" Ayeka, Tenchi, and Sasami all yelled in unison. Ayeka jacked 
Washu up and began shaking her screaming "Why didn't you tell us about the 
other ship instead of letting our lives be put at risk like that?!?!?"


	Washu calmly looked at her and asked "Are you done now?" Tenchi and Sasami 
watched as Ayeka facefaulted. Washu called up her phantom keyboard and began 
typing while watching images and text on her moniter. "Well, there are only 
four beings onboard including the pilot and co-pilot. And there's only a 
minimum array of weapons on the ship." ,she told the others, "Oh and to 
answer your question Ayeka I didn't even notice the warning because I was 
immersed in the most important thing in the universe...SCIENCE!!!" Tenchi 
and Sasami both groaned as they began to head upstairs. Washu looked over to 
Azaka and Kamadake telling them to bring the captive upstairs. "Something 
tells me that our new guests may want to meet him." she stated thoughtfully.

	"Do you know them Miss Washu?" ,Ayeka asked suddenly, startling Washu in 
the process. "Aaaaaahh!!!" ,Washu cried out, "I thought you had gone 
upstairs!" Ayeka warily looked at Washu and stated, "Unfortunately, no I 
didn't" "Well you may find this part quite educational princess." ,Washu 
retorted, "Come on, let's go up and join the other."


	Tenchi and Sasami were looking at the damage done to the house when Ayeka, 
Washu, and the Gaurdians came up from the lab. "God!! How am I gonna fix all 
this?!?!?", Tenchi groaned.


	Washu looked around and whistled. "This place looks like a war-zone.", she 
commented, "But don't worry about it Tenchi. I'll fix it up as soon as we 
find Ryoko." Tenchi was about to ask how, when Ayeka cleared her throat 
announcing that the ship was about to land outside.


	The group stepped outside just as the starship landed on the laser scorched 
grass next to the house. Sasami looked down as she heared a confused 
"Miyaa?".Everyone's favorite cabbit leaped into the arms of the young 
princess to watch as the airlock cycled open. The group watched as two 
figures exited the ship. One was an older, mature looking human male, while 
the other was a humanoid creature with two tentacle looking appendages 
emerging from it's head. Both wore brown robes with what looked like karate 
gi on underneath. Tenchi noticed that the pair seemed to radiate a sort of 
calm, courageous aura of hope.


	His line of thought was broken when Washu piped up "Well, well! It isn't 
everyday that we get visits from Jedi Knights here in the Sol System." 
Ayeka's eyes saucered as she looked back and forth in disbelief at the pair 
of Jedi, and Washu who was smiling mischievously.


	The human stepped forward and said "My name is Kai Ettaran and this is my 
apprentice Zian Teru. As you have stated we are Jedi Knights, and you are?"


	Washu just continued to smile as she replied "Oh I'm Washu but you can call 
me Little Washu." The Jedi Knight bowed his head slightly. Washu continued 
on, introducing the others "This is Ayeka; crown princess of Jurai; her 
sister Sasami, the Royal Gaurdians Azaka, and Kamadake, and Tenchi Masaki, 
crown prince of Jurai." As she introduced each person, the two Jedi nodded 
graciously toward him or her.


	Sasami suddenly piped up "Would you both like to join us for lunch?" "Why 
thank you young princess, we would be honored.", the elder Jedi answered. 
"Umm...Sasami...", Ayeka said, motioning toward the house as a part of the 
roof collapsed. Sasami's shoulders drooped as she let out a sad sounding "Oh 
yeah..."


	Tenchi watched the whole thing, and then blurted "Uh guys...shouldn't we be 
trying to catch up with those guys who kidnapped Ryoko?"


	The younger Jedi looked over and exclaimed "The Dreaded Space Pirate 
Ryoko?!?!" He then looked over toward Kai Ettaran and said "Master our 
mission..." The Jedi Master thoughtfully rubbed his chin.


	He then looked at Washu and asked, "What exactly happened to her?" The 
group then went into the long story of the attack and the kidnapping.


	After they finished, Ayeka asked warily "Why exactly are you two here and 
why would you be interested in that foul demon?"


	Washu who looked slightly annoyed said "As annoying as the princess can 
be...she has a good question."


	Kai Ettaran sighed and began explaining "Zian and I were sent here by the 
Jedi Council to prevent what we assumed was to be the release and 
recruitment of The Dreaded Space Pirate Ryoko. But it is quite clear we were 
quite late in the release and that this was definitely not a recruitment but 
an abduction." Washu called up her phantom keyboard and began watching as 
the computer broke through the cloaking device and tracked the kidnapper's 
starship into another system.


	Tenchi looked puzzled as he asked "But who would want to kidnap Ryoko, and 
why?!?" Washu snapped her fingers triumphantly as the ship's destination was 
made clear.


	"It appears that we're about to get the answer to your question Tenchi", 
she stated drawing the collective gaze of the entire group.



