It was far past daybreak.  Ryoko lay asleep in her
futon.  She had never slept so well before, her mind was
filled with sweet dreams of the kiss she shared with
Tenchi.  Suddenly her slumber was broken when she felt
sharp bristles scratching her face.  Some invaded her
mouth and went up her nose.  She opened her eyes to see
Kagato smacking her with a broom.  He hung over her like
a black fog his eyes were colder than Ryoko had ever
seen them.
“Get up!”  He ordered, plunging the broom into her face
once more.  As the room slowly came into focus she
realized that stood Ayeka and then Sasami stood behind
him, “ where were you last night, Ryoko? “  He demanded
harshly.
“ I got lost in the woods,” Ryoko yawned.
“You wouldn’t be lying to me now would you?”  He sneered.
Sasami looked very concerned.  She ran to Ryoko’s side
and felt her forehead, “what’s wrong?  Are you sick?”
Sasami asked.
“No,” Ryoko began as she started to rise.  The sun’s
rays hit her bloodshot eyes, she felt very sick from the
previous night’s festivities, “ yes,” she answered
falling back into her futon.
“I am hungry Ryoko,” Ayeka shrieked, “what about my
breakfast!”
“Make your own damn breakfast for once,” Ryoko growled
at her.  Ayeka gasped not believing the words she had
just heard.  She looked to her uncle who looked down at
Ryoko with a venomous glare.  His upper lip seemed to
flip in disgust.
“You are hiding something from me, Ryoko,” he began, “I
can feel it.”
Ryoko was delirious, everything had been so wonderful
last night.  The palace, the woods, the party, and best
of all that  wonderful first kiss, she sighed and
wrapped the blanket around her.
“Well why don’t you tell me what it is so I can get back
to sleep.” She said softly.  Kagato responded by
grabbing her by the collar and abruptly smacking her
clean across the face.  He let her shocked body drop
back into the futon.
“That was a warning, Ryoko.”  He said coldly, turning
and leaving her with a stunned expression.  Ayeka looked
down at her and hesitantly followed her uncle.  Sasami
stayed for a while with her teary eyes focused on Ryoko.
“I’ll make breakfast,” she said softly, “you just feel
better okay?”
Ryoko groaned and covered her eyes with her hands.
Ryoko was busy getting water for the horses.  Ryo Ohki
sat on her shoulders keeping her company.  Suddenly the
silence was broken by the sounds of Kiyone’s voice
calling.
“Ryoko,” she called in a huff , “you better get in here
right now.”
Ryoko dashed to the upstairs of the estate as Kiyone
sent her to Ayeka’s room.  As soon as Ryoko crossed the
threshold the sight that caught her eyes made her drop
the bucket of water splattering it all over the floor.
Ayeka stood admiring the three gems that had belonged to
Ryoko’s mother.  Kagato stood behind her as Sasami sat
on the bed wither head lowered.
“What are you doing,” Ryoko demanded.
Ayeka turned around and smiled, “admiring my gems,” she
said.
“Those gems belonged to my mother!” Ryoko growled at her.
Kagato chuckled, “well Ryoko may I remind you that your
mother is dead and therefore I have authority over you
and everything in her estate.  I have decided to bestow
them upon Ayeka.”
Ryoko turned her attention back to Ayeka who now stood
by the mirror holding one of the gems up to her ear as
if she was planning on turning it into an earring.
“Those are not yours Ayeka,” Ryoko hissed, “give them to
me.”
Ayeka truned around smiling, “oh come on now Ryoko,
these gems are very elegant, do you honestly believe
they could ever suit a common monster like you?”
Ryoko narrowed her eyes and took two steps forward.
“You Bitch!”  She exclaimed as she formed a tight fist
and punched Ayeka in the right eye.  Ayeka fell over her
feet flew over her head as she tumbled to her knees.
Ayeka looked up at Ryoko in disbelief.
Ryoko lunged for her as Ayeka dashed out of the room
shrieking, the gems clutched tightly in her hand.
“I am going to rip your hair out Ayeka,” Ryoko shouted
between Ayeka’s high pitched sqeals of fear.
“Uncle,” Ayeka gasped, “Shes going to kill me!”
“Your damn straight I am!” Ryoko growled.
  She chased her in and out of rooms till they reached
the ground floor.  Ryoko pinned Ayeka to the wall and
grabbed her hand slowly forcing the gems from Ayeka’s
possessive clutch.
Sasami reached the floor and called out, “Please Ryoko
stop it, he’s going to-“
Before Sasami could finish the sentence Kagato enetered
the room holding a struggling Ryo Ohki harshly by the
scruff of her neck.  Ryoko who had almost retrieved the
gems from Ayeka caught sight of this.  The blood drained
from her face.
“It seems you have a choice to make Ryoko,” Kagato
began.  He held Ryo Ohki out squeezing at the skin on
her neck and making the cabbit whimper in pain.  Kagato
gave Ryoko a twisted grin, “Which will it be, your
mother’s gems or your precious pet, though neither will
save you from a sound lashing.”
Ryoko was in shock, she looked at Ryo Ohki and blinked.
Slowly, she closed her eyes and lowered her head.  With
pure humiliation in her eyes, Ryoko released her grip on
the gems.  She put her hands out to take her dear pet,
but before she could Kagato hurled the cabbit across the
room. Ryo Ohki hit the wall.
“Get out,” he growled as the cabbit dashed through an
open window, “and if you dare come back I will see you
skinned alive!”
“Ryo Ohki,” Ryoko screamed, hot pools began to well up
beneath her eyes.  She tried to dash after Ryo Ohki but
Kagato swiftly grabbed her and held her back, he pushed
her to the floor.
“ No, no Ryoko,” he scolded shaking his finger at her.
        “No,” Ryoko whispered, as she looked out the
window.  She felt a sharp lump form in her throat, the
tears were burning in the corners of her eyes, hanging
from her lashes.  Suddenly despite her reservations
Ryoko began to sob.  Sasami began to advance to her side
to comfort her but Kagato blocked her path.
Sasami began to cry as well, “No, please uncle leave her
alone!”
  Ryoko sat on the floor as the tears became bigger.
Her breathing increased and she began to wease.  Soon
Ryoko was in what can only be describe as beyond
hysteria.  Seventeen years of suppressed tears now fell
all over her hands as she tried desperately to hide her
red face.
        Ayeka stared down at Ryoko with a look of
uncertainty and almost sympathy.  She had never seen
Ryoko cry before, nor had she ever seen her in this
state.  Curled up on the floor alone, shaking and
mumbling incoherently.  She looked up at Kagato in sheer
horror as she noticed he was smiling widely.  He seemed
to be enjoying the sight of Ryoko’s pain.
        “So that makes you cry,” he laughed, “well we
are not done yet Ryoko.  That was only a fraction of
your punishment.”  He grabbed the girl by the arm and
pulled her up.  Ryoko could not stand on her feet.  He
dragged her crying and gasping along with him.
        Sasami sat on her bed over Ryoko’s limp body.
She had barely been able to get Ryoko up the stairs on
her own after Kagato had left her where he had beaten
her.  Ryoko’s bare back was covered with deep gashes.
Sasami sobbed a little as she picked up a wet cloth and
laid it across Ryoko’s back.  Ryoko stiffened up arching
her back in pain.
“Shhhh!”  Sasami comforted slowly urging her back to her
stomach, “I don’t know why he has to be so mean to you,”
she sobbed.  Ryoko turned her head to the door to see
Ayeka standing in the doorway staring in at the scene as
if in shock.  Her lip quivered as if she was about to
say something.
“Get out!” Ryoko roared.  Ayeka didn’t even flinch at
this.  She closed her eyes and slowly stepped into the
room.  She silently sat next to Sasami and cautiously
picked up a wet cloth laying it across Ryoko’s back.
        Draped in a blood red dress Ryoko limped towards
the cave where Tenchi sat waiting for her.  Her head was
bent and her soft cyan bangs covered her eyes.
“Hakubi!” She heard him call. Tenchi leapt up and dust
himself off to greet her.  Ryoko could barely look at
him.  She had to tell him the truth.  The prince had to
know that she was a commoner and she had been lying to
him all this time.   He looked so anxious to see
her, “I’m glad you came.” He said.
        “Tenchi,” she began,” I need to-“
        “See this cave,” he began cutting her off, “ I
grew up playing here.  Legend has it that a demon girl
was imprisoned in it for hundreds of years.  My
grandfather used to tell me to stay away, but I always
loved it here, I felt safe.  Now I want to share it with
you.”
        “Tenchi,” she began again with a sense of
solemnity he had never seen in her.
        “I know this seems crazy, I mean we haven’t even
known each other that long but- well, I have never felt
this free before.  When I’m with you I feel, scared,
very scared,” he stopped a moment and then
continued, “but not in a bad way.  My grandfather always
said there is a power in me that hasn’t been awakenend
yet, but you have awakened it Hakubi.”
        Ryoko weakly raised her face.  Her golden eyes
were filled with pain.  He smiled gently at her.
        “You must be tired from last night,” he sighed,
and to Ryoko’s surprise, he wrapped his arms around her
with such ease pulling her closer to him.  She closed
her eyes feeling his heartbeat against hers, yet as he
closed his hands around her back he grazed the bruises
Kagato had left when he had beaten her.
        “Ow!” she whimpered, wincing and pulling away
from Tenchi.
        “I’m sorry,” he said looking at her with
confusion, “ what was it you wanted to tell me? I just
got so excited about showing you this place that-“
        Ryoko looked at him and let out a weak smile. “I
wanted to tell you,” she began, her voice
cracking, “that these last few days have been the best
of my life.”  She turned and ran from the shrine leaving
Tenchi perplexed and alone.
        Ayeka and Kagato sat sipping tea in a gazebo on
the Palace grounds.  King Yosho sat before them calmly.
Yosho looked up and turned his attention to Ayeka’s
black eye.
        “Lady Ayeka, , might I ask you where you had
obtained such a bruise?”
        Ayeka’s eye began to twitch.  She contained
herself, “ why, I rescued a little girl’s wallet from a
thief in the market place.  It was the price I had to
pay for being so noble.” She answered sipping her tea.
        “Quite,” Yosho answered.  He turned his
attention to Kagato, “Lord Kagato, I must complement you
on raising Lady Ayeka so well.  She is one of the most
respected young women in court.”
        “I aim to please the royal court,” He answered
grinning to himself.
        “Will Lord Tenchi be joining us for tea?”  Ayeka
asked hopefully.
        “No actually, I have not seen much of the Prince
in the last few days,” Yosho stopped then smiled at
Ayeka, “ Perhaps you can solve this little mystery for
me Lady Ayeka, in your time in court have you ever
encountered a Lady Hakubi?  She is a courtier who Tenchi
seems to have taken a liking to, yet no one seems to
have heard of her.  She says she is staying with
cousins…”
        Kagato stopped short while drinking his tea.  He
began to cough as his face grew grim, “ Lady Hakubi you
say?”  He asked in a near growl.
        “You know her Lord Kagato?”  Yosho asked.
        “Why yes,” he began as his face twisted into a
harsh grin, “the cousin she is staying with is us.  But
sadly she will be departing soon.  She has been
betrothed to a Martian since birth and will be
married.”  Ayeka looked at her uncle in confusion, “ You
know Ayeka, your cousin? You like to tease her and call
her…monster woman?”  Suddenly Ayeka’s face grew red.
She leapt from her chair dropping her tea on the floor.
She began to screech and stomp on the ground with her
fists clenched.  Calmly she sat back down and looked at
Yosho who had been quite confused by her actions.
        “I saw a bee,” she explained sweetly.
        Tenchi looked off into the distance as his
father put his hand on his son’s shoulder
sympathetically.
        “Betrothed,” he repeated to himself sadly, “Of
course, she was trying to tell me today and I wouldn’t
even listen.” He sighed.
        “I’m sorry son,” Nobuyuki began, “ hey, if it
make you feel any better I can take you to the hot
springs to look at some other girls.”
        “Dad!” Tenchi sighed. It was obvious his son
needed a serious moment.  Nobuyuki wrapped his arms
around his son’s back.
        “I’m sure it was very hard for her, with you out
to steal her heart that is.”
        “Yeah, well I’m a worse thief than I am a
Prince,” Tenchi sighed.
        Ryoko walked up the back stairs of the estate to
begin her noon chores.
        “And where have you been all day, Lady Hakubi?”
Kagato growled.  She turned around to see Kagato and
Ayeka standing behind her.
        “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” she
growled trying to walk further.
        “Don’t play dumb Ryoko.  Did you have a good
time playing dress up?” Kagato taunted.  Ryoko dropped
her head looking at her feet, he began to laugh
furiously, “Imagine the Prince thinking someone as
defective as you could be a courtier!”
        “Naturally, Lord Tenchi belongs with me,” Ayeka
stated with a sense of certainty.
        “Naturally?”  Ryoko looked up at Ayeka.  Her
eyes narrowed, “ and why is that? Just what can you give
him that I can’t little girl?”
        “You can’t think he really belongs with you.
You’re not of noble blood!”
        “You are nothing but a common slave,” Kagato
sneered, “or must I remind you?”
        “I would rather die a thousand deaths then see
my Tenchi with that spoiled little bitch!”  Ryoko
shouted her golden eyes glowing with anger.  She turned
to leave but Kagato grabbed her swiftly pulling her
back.  She struggled with all her might but he still
over powered her and shoved her into a small cell-like
storage room.  Ryoko shrank into the corner of the room
as she saw Kagato’s cold eyes glaring in at her from the
bars on the door
“By the end of this night,” he chuckled, “ that boy will
not even remember you existed.”
        “What do you want with him?”  Ryoko growled
wrapping her arms around herself.
        “Why, all I want is for my dear niece to claim
her birthright,” he grinned.
        “That’s a lie! There’s something else isn’t
there?  If you hurt Tenchi I swear, I’ll-“
        “You’ll what?” Kagato laughed and turned from
the door putting the key in his cloak.  As he left he
passed Kiyone and Mihoshi.
        “Touch that door and you shall wish you never
stepped foot in this house,” he warned forcefully.  His
cloak flapped in the air as he turned to the upstairs to
prepare for the ball.
        “It’s no use Ryoko,” Kiyone called in from
outside the cell, as she helplessly attempted to pick
the lock as she had been for hours. “ this door wont
budge!”
        Ryoko sat slumped against the back of the wall
huddled in her own arms, it was so cold and dark in the
room, she was secretly afraid of the dark and felt as if
she would burst into hysteria like a frightened child.
        Kiyone once again tried to pick the lock but to
no avail, “ Damn it!” She exclaimed,” if only I could
find a skeleton key!”
        Mihoshi let out a loud shriek and grabbed onto
Kiyone’s legs almost in tears.
        “What IS it Mihoshi?”  Kiyone growled.
        “Y-you said we needed a skeleton, and I’m afraid
of skeletons, they’re scary!” She wailed.  Kiyone
growled at her as she continued to carry on.
Seiryou marched up to the door dragging a big wood axe
behind him, “ don’t worry Ryoko!” he called in.  He
attempted to raise the axe but could not seem to pick it
up off the ground.
        “Need some help there?” a somewhat nasal voice
called out from behind them.  Washu marched up from
behind them and grabbed the axe from Seiryou raising it
off the ground and hitting the door breaking it apart.
The three stood staring at her in disbelief.
        “Wow! That was fabulous!” Seiryou gasped.
        “Yes,” Washu replied, “ I am the greatest
scientific genius in the universe because I can open a
door!”  She kicked some wood out of her way and marched
into the dark room.
“Get up Ryoko!” she ordered.
  Ryoko sprang to her feet and moved frantically towards
the light but Washu stopped her.
        “Get out of my way you little pipsqueak!” She
exclaimed picking Washu up by the collar.
 Washu just smirked, “ that’s no way to talk to your
mother.” She said smartly.  Ryoko’s eyes went blank as
she looked at Washu.
“No,” she whispered, “ my mother is dead!”
“I know you!” Mihoshi cried out, “ you’re that little
elf that was living in the basement.”
Washu turned to Mihoshi, “ I must thank you for
releasing me, Kagato had imprisoned me for so long I
thought I’d never get out. She’s a genius I swear it!
Now I can get back to my little girl.”
 “What are you talking about!” Ryoko retorted, “you
can’t be my mother, my mother died in a lab
experiment!”  A million questions flooded her mind as
she felt a sense of rage build up with in.  All her life
Ryoko had mourned a mother who had died only to find out
she had been alive?  And what’s worse a mother who
abandoned her? ,”my mother is dead!” she repeated
firmly
Washu turned her attention back to Ryoko and pulled Ryo
Ohki out of her shirt the cabbit hopped happily over to
Ryoko’s shoulder and nuzzled her.  Despite everything
Ryoko was over-joyed to see her Ryo Ohki alive.  Washu
stepped up to Ryoko looking her over, “ hmmmmm,” she
began, “we need to work on your visual psychological
tactics!”
“Look,” Ryoko protested as she pet Ryo Ohki happily, “I
don’t know who you really are but what are visual
psychological tactics anyway?”
“You’re sex appeal of course!” Washu laughed, “ you
don’t expect to go to the ball looking like something
the cabbit dragged in do you?  That is if you
want to dazzle Prince Tenchi.”
“How do you know about Tenchi,” Ryoko growled.
Washu looked at her daughter with a serious look on her
face,” as you are connected with Ryo-ohki my dear so am
I connected with you, so I know” Washu paused as if
looking into her daughter’s deepest
secrets, ”everything.”  Ryoko’s face went grim as she
bowed her head looking at her feet.  Washu
continued. “Those gems Kagato guards contain great
power, they are based on the same elements as Tsunami. I
meant for them to protect you, but he wished to use them
for his own personal gain.  He stole them and trapped me
in one of my own inventions.  He took over Soja, my
home, as he used you, my own daughter as his slave.  He
has been waiting for an opportunity to use the gems to
gain power over the house of Jurai.”
“Tenchi!”  Ryoko exclaimed, “ I have to warn him!”  She
stopped dropping her head suddenly,” I can’t go to the
ball anyhow, Tenchi would never accept me if he knew who
I really was.”
“But you love him Ryoko,” Washu argued, “and he loves
you too.”
“ Look Washu,” she sneered, still refusing to accept
this was her mother, “A demon may love an angel but
where would they live?”
“Then I shall make you wings my little Ryoko,” Washu
smiled, she called up her transparent laptop and began
tapping on it.  A beautiful white kimono appeared out of
a portal and fell onto Ryoko’s head.”
Seiryou’s eyes lit up, “ Hey! I have glass slippers that
would look great with that dress! I have no where to
wear them!”
Washu, Seiryou, Kiyone and Mihoshi watched as Ryoko
walked from the doorway of Soja.  She wore lovely wings
attatched to the back of her kimono.  She seemed to glow
as the moonlight touched her pale skin.
“She looks so beautiful!” Mihoshi cried, tears forming
in her eyes.
“She looks like a little fairy!”  Seiryou sqealed.
Washu began to chuckle giving him a sly grin, “ What!”
he exclaimed.
Ryoko looked back,” Hey! How the hell am I supposed to
get there in time anyway?”
Ryo Ohki meowed as she scurried to Ryoko’s feet wearing
flowers around her neck.  She leapt into the air and
transformed into a space ship.
        “Kagato erased her ability to do transform in
order to keep you trapped,” Washu smiled, “oh, Ryoko, by
the way do you think you can call me mom?”  Ryoko
growled and boarded Ryo Ohki.   The four waved as they
flew off to the ball.  Washu turned to Seiryou and gave
him an evil look, “ want to be my guinea pig?”  She
cooed.
Fireworks cracked over the palace as the ball raged on.
It was almost midnight.  Tenchi stood steadfast staring
at the starfilled sky.  He sighed.  The time was nearing
that he would have to announce his bride.  Yosho stepped
up to an altar.  Tenchi and Noboyuki followed.   A hush
rang over the crowd.
“As you know, “ we are here to celebrate a festive
occasion.  Your prince has chosen a bride who will one
day be your Queen.”
Kagato grinned and looked down at Ayeka, “this is it,”
he whispered to her, “ get ready for your proposal.”
Yosho continued, “ I would like to announce the
engagement of Prince Tenchi to-“ Tenchi grabbed his
grandfather’s arm.
A few murmurs were heard throughout the crowd.  They
parted as a small white figure made her way slowly
through the sea of people.  Ryoko had her head down.
The transparent wings on her dress fluttered slightly in
the wind.  She could feel a large knot grow in her
stomach.
“Just breathe,” she told herself as she lifted her head
revealing her face to all.
“What have we here?” Kagato growled.  Ayeka gasped, but
Sasami smiled.
“Who is that?”  Yosho whispered to his son in law.
“Well,” Noboyuki replied, “ from the look of her bust
and Tenchi’s expression, I would have to say that is the
Lady Hakubi.”
Tenchi rushed from the altar with a sense of urgency to
meet her. He smiled and took her hand,” Hakubi!”  He
exclaimed.
“Tenchi,” she smiled once again lost in his gentle gaze.
She nearly forgot that the entire kingdom’s eyes were on
her.
His expression melted into concern, “ please,” he
began,” tell me you are not engaged.”
“No, I’m not” she answered, “ but there is something-“
 “Thank Tsunami!” Tenchi exclaimed, he began to pull her
along with him,” come on, there is some people I want
you to meet.”
“No,” she protested,” there is something you have to
know-“
But Tenchi was not listening, before she could continue
he was pulling her through a crowd of nobles who stared
in awe as he lead her towards Yosho.
Kagato grabbed Ayeka by the arm and began pulling her
towards the altar.  He intercepted Tenchi and grabbed
Ryoko ripping the wings from her dress.
“Lord Kagato,”  Yosho exclaimed, “ what is the meaning
of this!”
“This girl is an imposter!”  Kagato bellowed,” her name
is Ryoko and she has been a servant on my estate for
seventeen years!”
“No!”  Ryoko pleaded.
Tenchi’s face drained to a pale white, “that can’t be!”
he protested,” Hakubi! Tell them!  Tell them who you
are.”
Ryoko bowed her head, “It’s true Tenchi,” she sighed, “I
am a servant.”
The crowd gasped as Tenchi’s expression grew to one of
disbelief, “you mean, th-that was you?  That day with
the carrots?”  Ryoko nodded, Tenchi’s face grew
dark, “You lied to me!” he exclaimed, “everything you
told me!  That was all a lie!”
“No!” Ryoko begged him, “please, It was only that one
thing!  Everything else was true.”
Tenchi turned away from her Kagato urged Ayeka to his
side, but Tenchi did not even notice.  “Tenchi,” Ryoko
whispered.
Tenchi jerked around, his face was cold and
dismissive, “thats,‘Your Majesty’” he seemed to snarl.
Ryoko felt a tear slide down her cheek as she watched
him turn from her.  She wiped her face and looked
around, the entire court was staring at her.  Her eyes
began to burn as she watched Ayeka follow after Tenchi.
Kagato smiled at her, a strong sense of satisfaction
from her humiliation. Thunder crackled in the sky Ryoko
turned and ran tears pouring from her face as a slow
steady rain began to fall all around her.  She dashed
through the palace gate where Washu had just arrived and
greeted Ryo-ohki
“Ryoko! Where are you going!” Washu called, Ryoko
knocked her out of the way and tripped into a puddle of
mud covering her.  She rose from the mud and continued
running leaving behind one of Seiryou’s glass slippers.
Washu shook her head sadly as Ryo-ohki meowed gently.
Ryoko raced all the way to the cave and sat in the
opening crying as the rain fell all around her.
        Washu found Tenchi huddled against a wall in a
secluded wing of the palace.
“She lied to me!” Tenchi growled,” everything, was a
lie.”
“Well if she didn’t fib a little you would have never
met her!”  Washu exclaimed.
“I wish I never did,” Tenchi retorted.
“You idiot! Do you have any idea what my daughter went
through to get here!”
“Daughter?” Tenchi gasped looked up at Washu, “ So you
two planned this!  To get the crown.”
“ I had a husband once, and a child before Ryoko.”
Washu began. “ But he was of a noble family and they did
not approve.  They took my husband from me and my child,
all because of social status!  It’s not about the
crown!  She loves you!  She is your match Tenchi!  Can’t
you see that!”
Tenchi looked up at the sky emotionless, “ I don’t think
I can.”  He answered.
Washu’s face grew red.  She took from her cloak the
glass slipper Ryoko had left behind clutching it in her
grip, “ then you don’t deserve her.” Washu sighed
angrily.  She hurled the shoe at the Prince’s head
hitting him as she turned to leave.
Tenchi rubbed his head where the shoe hit him.  He
slowly picked it up and traced it with his forefinger as
if he was studying it.
