Aeka could not bear to be in the house another moment.  She ran toward the
front door, only to collide with Yosho and Ryoko.
    "What's with you, princess?" Ryoko asked.
    "The killer is in this house!  He tried to kill me again and he almost
killed Tenchi!  This is madness!" Aeka cried.
    Yosho closed and locked the door.  "We all go a little mad, sometimes,"
he replied.  "Don't you?"
    "Huh?" Ryoko and Aeka asked confused.  Suddenly, they heard someone
yelling in the kitchen.  They raced to the kitchen, terrified at the thought
that the killer had found another victim.  They saw Nobuyuki gripping his
right hand and blowing on it.
    "Damn stove!" he muttered.  "I was trying to make some tea and I burned
myself!" he turned to his father-in-law.  "Hello, father.  Hello, girls."
Yosho handed Nobuyuki an ice pack from the freezer.
    "Ryoko and Aeka have both been attacked by Mihoshi's killer," he said.
    "Really?  How awful!"  Nobuyuki exclaimed.  "We wouldn't want anything
to
happen to such sweet ladies.  You girls are friends, aren't you?"
    "Uh, yeah," Ryoko replied.
    "Good friendships between two women are a beautiful thing," Tenchi's
father beamed.
    "A beautiful thing indeed," Yosho said.  "It is unfortunate that you
will
not have long to enjoy it."
    "What do you mean?" Aeka asked bewildered.
    "We mean that you are both going to die!"  Aeka recognized the voice
from
the phone.
    "Ryoko," she whispered, "that's the voice I heard on the phone!"  The
two
girls spun around.  Nobuyuki was standing by the stove with a voice modifier
in his hand.
    "You?" Aeka questioned, unbelieving.  They two girls turned to run, but
Yosho blocked their path.  In his hand was a silvery, stiletto knife.
    He said, "I don't think you'll be leaving just yet."
    "What's going on here?" Ryoko demanded loudly. "Why are you doing this?"
    "Oh, gee," Nobuyuki scratched his head, "there are a lot of reasons, but
mostly, lack of sex!!"  He glared at the two girls.
    "You mean you two are the killers?" Aeka asked.
    "I let you girls stay in my house because I figured you'd give me sex."
Nobuyuki turned to Aeka, "You," he growled, "you're a dominatrix!  You have
a
box full of sex toys upstairs and you never gave me anything, not even a
blow
job!"
    "Sex toys?  What's he talking about, Aeka?"  Ryoko asked slyly.  Aeka
glared at her.
    "And you," Yosho cut in, glaring at Ryoko.  He pointed his knife at her
chest, "You're always walking around here flaunting your cleavage.  Why
don't
you want me?  Everybody wants me, Haruna, Yuzaha, even Aeka wanted to marry
me, but not you!  Do you think I followed you here for the good of Jurai?  I
wanted to get some!"
    "Fuck you!" Ryoko snarled.
    "No!" Nobuyuki cried.  "You both lost that game when you fucked my son!"
    "You fucked Tenchi?! When?" Aeka glared at Ryoko.
    "In the shrine, when we were supposed to be looking around for the
attacker.  But you can have him.  It wasn't that great." Ryoko replied.
    "Well it just so happens that I don't want him, either," Aeka snapped.
"He wasn't any good at all!"
    "Shut up!" Nobuyuki cried, "I'm so sick of you two fighting!"  He
snatched up one of the kitchen knives and lunged for Aeka.  Ryoko brought
forth her light sword, but Yosho interrupted.
    "I wouldn't do that if I were you," he said calmly.  "We've got another
surprise for you girls."
    "And this one's a real doozy!" Nobuyuki exclaimed.  He opened the closet
door and dragged out Sasami, bound and gagged.
    "Sasami!" Aeka cried.
    "You sick bastards!" Ryoko growled.  She retracted her sword.
    "Well, that was sure simple," Aeka said sarcastically.
    "Shut up," Ryoko replied.  "If only I had all my gems!"
    "Meeeeooooowwwww!!"  Out of nowhere, Ryo Ohki appeared, lunging through
the air and scratching at Nobuyuki's face with her claws.
    "You little hairball!" he cried.  Sasami rolled away from Nobuyuki and
ran out of the kitchen.  Aeka fled after her.
    "Now," Ryoko turned to Yosho, "I want your balls, please."  She brought
forth her sword.
    The phone rang.  Yosho and Nobuyuki looked at each other in
bewilderment.

    "Should we answer it, Father?" Nobuyuki questioned?  Yosho picked up the
phone.
    "Hello?" he said.  Neither of the two men noticed Ryoko as she quietly
slipped out of the room.
    "Hello, Yosho, do you want to die tonight?"  Yosho realized someone was
using his voice modifier.
    "Aeka?" he asked, "you didn't take this seriously did you?"
    Nobuyuki snatched the phone from his hand.  "You didn't call the galaxy
police, did you?" he whined.
    "You bet your ass she did!"  Nobuyuki heard Ryoko's voice.  He covered
his face with his hands, "My mommy and daddy are going to be so mad at me!"
he wailed.  Yosho grabbed the phone back from his son-in-law.
    "I just have to ask you one question," Aeka said, still using the voice
modifier.  "What door am I at?"  Yosho glanced around the kitchen when
suddenly Ryoko and Aeka burst into the room.  Ryoko fired an energy bolt at
Yosho, killing him instantly, but Nobuyuki leapt over the body of his dead
father-in-law and ran through the living room to the front door.  The girls
followed him.
    "Stop right there!" Aeka ordered.  She pointed the laser gun Kiyone had
left on the living room table at his head.  "You dirty old man, you will not
escape me.  I am of the royal family of Jurai!" she fired a shot.  Nobuyuki
crashed to the ground.
    "Nice work, princess," Ryoko said with a smile.  Aeka nodded at her.
    "What's going on here?"  Washu emerged from her laboratory.  Tenchi
followed her, buttoning his shirt.
    "Mm, uh, trivial question, but did I really need to take my clothes
off?"
he asked.
    Washu cackled.  "No!" she said.
    "Oh, I knew it," Tenchi sighed.  Then he spied his father, lying in a
pool of blood on the floor.  "Hey, Dad!  Are you all right?"  Tenchi ran
over
to his father.
    "Nobuyuki and Yosho are the killers," Aeka said.
    "My father and grandfather?" Tenchi asked in disbelief.
    "Be careful, Tenchi," Washu warned, "in scary movies the killer always
comes back for one last scare."
    Nobuyuki leapt up, reaching for Ryoko and Aeka.  Aeka fired a second
shot
from Kiyone's gun at the same time Ryoko shot an energy bolt at Nobuyuki's
head.  He collapsed to the ground.
    "Not in our movie," they said together.
    "Tenchi are you OK?" Sasami asked concerned.  Ryo Ohki rested on her
head.
    "I think so.  I just can't believe my dad and grandpa would do such a
thing," Tenchi replied.
    "Ryoko," Aeka turned to her.  "I think I'm ready to grant you that
interview now."
    "What interview?" Ryoko questioned.
    "But I'm not going to do it here.  I'll only allow myself to be
interviewed in the privacy of my own bedroom."
    "Oh, that interview," Ryoko replied, raising an eyebrow.  "Sure thing.
Should I bring my camera?"
    "No, but maybe for the next interview," Aeka responded.  She started up
the stairs and Ryoko followed.  The last sound the rest of the house heard
was the crack of Aeka's whip.


**Well that was Our First FanFic! Feedback Please!!!!!!!!**
