A crossover of Tenchi Muyo and the first Lexx Movie
                 No Need for the Lexx

                     By Jacob Jacker

                         Part one.
               I worship His Shadow
                       Chapter1.
                Last of the Brunnen G

I am Tenchi Last of the Brunnen G.
Millennia ago the Brunnen G led humanity to victory in the war against the
Insect Civilization the Time Prophet predicted that I would be the one to
destroy the Divine Order and the League of Twenty Thousand Planets
Someday that will happen but not today, as today is my day of death.
The day our story begins

2000 years ago
Planet Brunnis II

The Brunnen G sing as they go to fight the Foreshadow

Vaiyo A-O
Vaiyo A-O
A Home Va-Ya-Ray
Vaiyo A-Rah
Jerhume Brunnen G
Vaiyo A-O
A Home Va-Ya-Ray
Vaiyo A-Rah
Jerhume Brunnen G
Vaiyo A-O
A Home Va-Ya-Ray
Vaiyo A-Rah
Jerhume Brunnen G
Vaiyo-A-Rah
Jerhume Brunnen G

The Foreshadow fires at the planet.

Stingers. Said Tenchi

Stingers ready. Said the Fighter pilots

Our one chance and our one chance alone is to hit His Shadows control pod.
Good Luck. Very, Very Good luck. Said Tenchi

Foreshadow in range. Said the Fighter pilots

Fire now. Said Tenchi

Their shot hits the ship

The Foreshadow destroys the Planet screams from people echo in the comlink.

Crash into the control pod. Said Tenchi

Tenchi flies his ship into the control pod just before the blast door shut

His Shadow. Said Tenchi

His Divine Shadow, Yes. Said the Divine Shadow.

The Brunnen G will defeat you. Said Tenchi

I do not think so. The Power of Order has destroyed you're planet. The Power

of Order will destroy you, and you are the last of the Brunnen G left alive.

Said the Divine Shadow

The time prophet has seen you're order destroyed by the Brunnen G. Said
Tenchi

Ah the time prophet's vision appears to be flawed. Said the Divine Shadow

The Divine Shadow kills Tenchi and gains his memory

We will incinerate the carcass. Said a Crewmember
No, this last specimen of a now extinct culture of romantic dreamers merits
punishment beyond death, transport it to the bio scalers. (He picks up a
piece of Tenchi's ship) An insect, curious.

2008 years latter
The Cluster: Capital of the League of 20,00 Planets
In Nobouki's room
The computer is talking while Nobouki is yawning and trying not to wake up

Only a thin dimensional barrier separates us from the festering evil,
malignant depravity and alien chaos of the Dark Zone. The Dark Zone is not
separate like two different planets. The Dark Zone co-exists in the same
space as our universe in the same place at the same time. The Dark Zone has
no rules, no sense, and no order. We give thanks to his divine shadow for
his
ceaseless vigilance, protecting our universe of light and order from the
horrors and disorder of the Dark Zone. We Worship His Shadow, Long may he
reign. Said the Computer Screen

Good morning, security class 4, number 476329, (Nobouki presses a button and

speaker goes quiet) 43, department 511 level 4, This is your third wake up
call. If you are late you will receive 7 demerits. You already have 991
demerits. Said the Female Computer

Nobouki gets up and goes off to work

Prisoner transport 58K603 passed for pure nature revival sequence. Said the
Male Computer

Due to a bulkhead malfunction prisoner transport 58K603 you are being
diverted from gate 417-punishment level 2 to gate 511. Due to a bulkhead
malfunction prisoner transport 58K6. Said the Female Computer

On the prisoner transport ship

Number 11 freeze dried again. Said the Security Guard.
The Guard looks at a woman who spits at him

I've seen a lot of women in my life. And you know something, you got to be
the ugliest one I've ever laid eyes on. Does this mean anything to you?
Asked
the Security Guard.

No Nothing means anything to me. Handsome! Said overweight Aeka

The Guard gives Aeka a small electric shock

The Guard walks up a big metal bug and knock on it

It's your day of justice Yosho. Laughed the Guard

Prisoner transport flies over Cobalt stadium

Nobouki is throwing bolts trying to get them in a hole

I Worship His Shadow. Said the Line Major

I Worship His Shadow. Said Nobouki

Prisoner transport 58K603 requesting docking beam. Said The Line Major

Authority code. Said Nobouki.

Code, nobody asks for code anymore. Said the Line Major

Wrong code. Said Nobouki

I can't remember the code. Said the Line Major

I suggest you try another gate then. Said Nobouki

What rank are you? Asked the Line Major

Security guard class 4. Said Nobouki

Security guard class 4 Sir, I'm a line major and I'm ordering you to turn on

your docking beam, understand. Said the Line Major
I can't do that. Said Nobouki

Why not? Asked the Line Major

You've got the wrong code. Said Nobouki

I am giving you a direct order forth class security guard. Said The Line
Major

I can't help you. Nobouki

Nobouki throws a bolt and it goes into the hole making a loud noise

I worship His Shadow. Said an Officer

I worship His Shadow. Said the Line Major

Docking beam is engaged now sir and security guard class 4 Nobouki Masaki is

presently being entered for correction and punishment himself. Said the
Officer

I request that he be demoted. Said The Line Major

Class 4 is already the lowest. Said the Officer

Then I trust his punishment will be severe. Said the Line Major

That will happen sir. Said the Officer

May His Shadow fall upon you. Said the Line Major.

May His Shadow fall upon you. You must enter yourself into correction center

number 40 before watch change today Nobouki, Nobouki Masaki And may his
merciful Shadow fall upon you. Said the Officer

May His merciful Shadow fall upon, me preferably. Said Nobouki

The Current Divine Shadow is dyeing and is being rushed to a big temple.
Kagato is strapped to a wall and is being cleansed

Faster, faster were losing him. We have little time. Said a Cleric

The sedative. Said Another
No time. Said Another

He gets shocked and Moans in agony
Kagato hit a man who it then electrocuted

He fought well. Said a Cleric

A truly viscous human being. Said Another

he will prove to be a good host. Said Another

The second vac. said Another

We do not have time one will have to do. Said Another

But he may not be fully cleansed. Said Another

We will have to risk it. Divine Shadow you must perform the Transference.
Divine Shadow, the transference. Said Another

The dying Divine Shadow opens his mouth and his essence is passed onto the
man strapped down. A cleric then drills through the Divine Shadows dead body

and takes out his brain and places into storage place. Kagato is un-strapped

and the black cloak gets put onto him

We worship you divine predecessors. Said the Clerics
Divine Shadow may your reign be long and orderly. Said The Divine
Predecessors

Divine Predecessors I thank you for your gift of selection. I will serve
order, I will serve you and I will serve myself. Said the Divine Shadow

Divine Shadow today is a dark day for Heretics and infidels throughout our
universe. The Lexx will soon be fully-grown and you will be able to send it
on its voyage bringing destruction upon all those who would oppose the
League
of 20,000. Said the Divine Predecessors.
How will we know which planets shelter enemies of order, which planets are
to
be chosen for destruction. Said the Divine Shadow

That will be your task. Said the Divine Predecessors

Then my task is complete, I choose to destroy them all. Said the Divine
Shadow.

That has not been our plan. Said the Divine Predecessors.

Divine Predecessors, I am formed from you, but my host brain was not fully
cleansed and therefore I am also partly formed form humans, I will choose my

own path and I choose that I myself will command the Lexx on its voyage of
destruction. Said the Divine Shadow

But What about the prophecy. Said the Divine Predecessors.

I have no patience for your ancient superstitions. The Brunnen G have been
extinct for over 2 thousand years. Said the Divine Shadow.

The Divine Shadow must never leave the cluster unless there is great peril.
We need each other's strength. Said the Divine Predecessors

I agree Divine Predecessors, I will not risk being separated from your
wisdom
and guidance. As you will join me on my voyage. Said the Divine
Shadow.

The Divine Predecessors are being transported onto the Lexx

The prophecy is upon us. Said the First Predecessor

Impossible the prophecy is false, the Brunnen G are extinct. Said the Second

Predecessor.

I was the one who killed them all but I did not destroy them all. One
specimen was preserved. Said the Third Predecessor

Impossible. Said the fifth Predecessor.

Predecessors look into me. I was the one who took his life, I have his
memories Said the third Predecessor

Tenchi's memory
Prophet, I have come to you because the forces of His Shadow grow stronger,
and we Brunnen G no longer have the weapons to combat them. Said Tenchi
I have the strength to answer one question, say to me your question. Said
the
Prophet

Will the forces of His Shadow destroy us? Asked Tenchi

Time as you know had a beginning, and time has an end, and then time begins
again. As we will each live our lives again exactly as before, I have been
gifted to see into the old cycles of time, not very clearly mind you. But I
have learnt that in the future past the Brunnen G, the great victor in the
war against insect civilization, should be destroyed at the hand of His
Shadow. But after His Shadow leaves the Cluster, They will be destroyed at
the hands of the Brunnen G. this has happened before, it will happen again.
Said the Prophet

End of Tenchi's memory

We are boarding the Lexx, We will all be destroyed. Said A Divine
Predecessor.