Disclaimer- I do not own any of the original characters, events, or 
places in 
the world of Tenchi Muyo! OVA. I am not doing this to make money so 
please don't sew me. These things are all the property of AIC and 
Pioneer.

Tenchi Muyo No Need For Confusion! Chapter 1.


    It was a beautiful summer day at the Masaki home. Tenchi was just 
starting to stir as the sun's ray shone on his face. Tenchi awoke with 
a yawn while rubbing the sleep from his eyes. 
"Oh man I needed a good night sleep after yesterday. Man I hope the 
girls are to tired jump and hang all over me tod..." Tenchi was cut 
short when he saw what was floating above him. It was Ryoko but with 
her clothes on this time and asleep! "AAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!" Tenchi suddenly 
yelled out of habit more than real shock and at the fact she was 
sleeping instead of glomping all over him. Suddenly Ryoko awoke in 
shock. 

"AAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!" She mimicked as she lost control of her powers and 
fell right on top of him.

   "Good morning Sasami what are you fixing it smells wonderful." Ayeka 
commented and walked into the kitchen where her younger sister was 
cooking up a storm with Ryo-Ohki on her head. 

"Oh, hey Ayeka, I was just cooking breakfast, we're having your 
favorite". The young princess replied. 

"That sounds great. Besides you're the best cook so anything you make 
is great." Ayeka said with a smile. 

"ONLY cook!" Sasami said glaring at Ayeka. At this Ayeka turned beet 
red and replied with an embarrassed chuckle. All of a sudden they heard 
a scream from upstairs. 

"That was Lord Tenchi!" Ayeka said sounding both worried and anger at 
knowing just who caused the outburst. Another scream was heard upstairs 
this one though was feminine. "RYOKO!!!" Ayeka screamed as she flew out 
of the kitchen and up the stairs like a bat out of hell. Sasami just 
stood there rolling her eyes having become used to this as an everyday 
thing.
   
    "RYOKO! Get off of me." Tenchi yelled red as a beet from the force 
of Ryoko's landing and from embarrassment from the fact that Ryoko was 
on top of him. 

"Oh! Tenchi I'm sorry, for real this time, I was just watching you 
sleep it kid of... Well calms me. I mean I'm already calm I just have 
to protect you, that's all." Ryoko quickly corrected herself. 

"What? It calms you. Ryoko are you ok." Tenchi asked curiously. 

"Of course what's wrong with me watching you, as long as I don't... 
Well you know DO anything." Suddenly Ayeka burst through the door. 

"RYOKO! Get off Lord Tenchi this INSTANT!!!" Ayeka as usual suspected 
Ryoko of glomping on Tenchi and disturbing his sleep and trying to 
seduce him. Ryoko quickly turned to the princess, and in a flash she 
phased out and back standing right in front of Ayeka looking furious. 

"Hey don't look at me I didn't mean anything. I was watching him sleep 
last night and I guess I fell asleep and woke up with Tenchi screaming 
and lost control of my powers!" Ryoko fumed. 

"HA! I doubt that you'll say anything to try and get me to leave!" 
Ayeka retorted. "Are you calling me a liar" "I don't have to say it out 
loud everybody here knows that you..." WHAM! Ayeka quickly shut up 
after being punched right smack in the nose. 

"OWWW! How dare you hit me Ryoko! You will pay for this." Ayeka 
screamed. 

"Oh well I think you should get off your high and mighty throne and 
look at where you are. You certainly can't beat me and your royal 
servant don't seem to be around here anywhere." Ryoko yelled back. 

"You demon, you'll pay for that remark. Azaka, Kamidake!" The guardians 
suddenly appeared in the room. "Yes ma'am." They said at the same time. 
"Get this demon and rip her APART." 

"Yes ma'am" The two guardians then materialized in front of Ryoko. 

"Oh crap, I better go get some paint and tools." Tenchi said in a 
miserable and terrified voice. 

"So you think you oversized pieces of fire wood can take me?!" Ryoko 
mocked. The two guardians suddenly opened fire while Ryoko just phased 
in and out toying with them. "Is all you got?" Ryoko then phased in 
behind them and kicked them as hard as she could in the rear end and 
they went sailing through the wall and landed in the lake. "That was to 
easy" Ryoko laughed. By this time Ayeka was red with anger delivered a 
punch combined with her Jurai shield to an unsuspecting Ryoko right in 
the head. 

"You!!!!!!" Ryoko was as red as Ayeka now. 

"Ahaha..." Ayeka chuckled when she was cut short by a blast from Ryoko. 

"Oh CRAP, time to go get the paint and tools." Tenchi bolted out the 
door to avoid crossfire. 

"Cheap shot Ryoko!" Suddenly Ayeka's mini logs appeared around Ryoko 
and shocked the hell out of her. Ryoko quickly activated her sword 
while Ayeka activated her shield. Ryoko was relentlessly beating on 
Ayeka's shield and finally penetrated it sending Ayeka flying against 
the wall. Tenchi was back now and saw that they were still fighting. 

"They're still at it, this is serious I have got to stop them before 
one or both are killed." Tenchi ran in his room and saw Ryoko charging 
up an energy ball to strike a helpless Ayeka. Suddenly Tenchi was 
pushed over the edge at the thought of anyone getting killed, and over 
HIM for that matter, his three Light Hawk Wings sprang from his body in 
time for him to jump in front of the blast and activate the Light 
Hawk's shield and absorb the attack with ease. "Ryoko! You could gave 
killed her what were you thinking?!" Tenchi yelled as the Light Hawk 
Wings were dispersed. 

"Tenchi I don't know what came over me... I'm..." Ryoko was interrupted 
by Ayeka. 

"You DEMON you unemotional thing, you won't ever feel love, you 
probably can't, even if you could Tenchi could never love gutter trash 
like you...You... MONSTER!!!!" Ayeka stood there gasping for breath 
after letting out most of her bottled up anger. Tears began to well up 
in Ryoko's eyes when suddenly she turned away. 

"Ryoko! Wait!" Tenchi yelled but it was to late she had already 
disappeared. Tenchi looked at Ayeka full of anger. "Ayeka how could you 
do something like that, I mean I know you hate each other but I didn't 
think that someone could say such cold things, especially the crown 
princess of Jurai." Ayeka was stunned she saw the anger in Tenchi's 
eyes and knew he was genuinely mad for what she had done. 

"Tenchi... I'm sorry I..." 

"Ayeka I'm not the one who needs an apology, you hurt her very badly, 
Ryoko may seem tough and can't be broken but she actually has a very 
kind heart which you just tore into pieces without a care." With that 
Tenchi walked away, leaving a crushed Ayeka, who immediately ran to her 
room and locked herself up.

   Tenchi ran down stares with a quick goodbye to Sasami and told her 
to save breakfast for him, with that he ran out the door in search of 
Ryoko.

   Meanwhile the greatest scientific genius in the universe was down in 
her lab crying. Through her mind link with Ryoko she had seen the scene 
unfold and felt the wave of emotions Ryoko was experiencing, in short 
she had basically experienced the argument. "Dang you Ayeka, Ryoko has 
feelings to though she may not show it most of the time she does have 
them and should be treated like everybody else." Washu said to no one 
in particular.

   Outside Ryoko was on the roof sobbing uncontrollably. {Ayeka's right 
I am a monster I'll never experience true love not with Tenchi or 
anyone, I'm just a monster I can't feel for anyone and no one can feel 
for me.} Ryoko screamed in her mind continuing to sob. "Tenchi." She 
whispered quietly to herself. "Why can't you understand what I'm trying 
to tell you, trying to tell you that I lo..." She was startled by a 
voice in her head. 

{I know Ryoko, it's hard but don't give up, don't bend to Ayeka's 
words, they're not true, you truly love Tenchi... Don't you?} Ryoko, 
for once, was glad that her "mom" was talking to her. 

{Thanks mom but she's right Tenchi cares nothing for me.} 

{Ryoko never say such a thing when you know she's just saying it to 
anger you, I know it isn't true Tenchi has said nothing to Ayeka to 
hint that she was speaking the truth. Now are you gonna come down?} 
Washu asked in a concerned way. 

{No, I still need some time to myself, but thank for talking to me and 
making me feel better.} 

{No problem Ryoko. Oh but before I go I just wanted to say, thanks...} 

{For what?}

{Calling me "MOM"!} Washu said this last part in a childish voice just 
as Ryoko fell flat on her face and then broke the mind link. 

"Washu's right Why should I gives a flip what Ayeka thinks, she's 
probably just jealous" Ryoko said quietly to herself. Just then she 
heard the door open and she saw Tenchi running. 
"Ryoko!" {God where is she, I hope she didn't go and ki... No, I can't 
think like that, I just don't know what I'd do if she were to die.} 
Tenchi cursed to himself. {I want to express my true feelings to her 
but that would crush Ayeka. I love Ayeka but only in a sister kind of 
way, still I wouldn't be able to do that to her. OHHHHHH!!! This is so 
aggravating!} Tenchi thought to himself. Suddenly Tenchi snapped back 
to the real world and continued to call for Ryoko. She decided not to 
worry him and phased down right in front of him. "Ry... AAAAAHHHHHH!" 
Tenchi was scared at first suddenly seeing Ryoko teleport in front of 
him. He was just about to yell at her when he remembered the 
conversation he had just had with himself and why he was out there in 
the first place. "Oh god Ryoko, thank Tsunami I found you are you 
alright, I mean I am so mad and ashamed at what Ayeka said to you it 
must of hurt you so..." He was suddenly interrupted by Ryoko. 

"Tenchi, it's okay I'm fine, I know Ayeka's words are untrue and they 
mean nothing to me anymore." Hearing this he wondered what was wrong 
usually she would never forget about it that fast. 

"Ryoko I'm not siding with you I just comforted you first because of 
how much you want to be loved and because you are so concerned with 
that stuff, I ask you though to please apologize to Ayeka, I'll ask her 
to do the same." 

"Well, ok but only because you asked me Tenchi. 

"Ok, thanks Ryoko." Tenchi said. 

"Your welcome. Oh, before I forget how about we go back to your room 
later and start from where we left off." Suddenly Tenchi's face went 
red and blood trickled down his knows. 

"Ryoko get serious, now go do something until I finish talking to 
Ayeka." 

"OOOHHH but Tenchiiii I don't want to DO anything unless it's you... I 
mean WITH you." Ryoko said seductively as that small trickle of blood 
turned into Niagara Falls. 

"Ryoko!!! Go before I get angry." Tenchi said through closed teeth. 

"Oh all right, but I better see you later." "Don't worry you..." 

"In your room." She said once more in a seductive voice. 

"Just go!!!" Tenchi was definitely getting mad not to mention 
embarrassed. 

"All right, all right see ya." Then she disappeared. "Now to go to 
Ayeka." Tenchi said running off. 

    "TENCHI!!!!!" A loud voice rang out; this voice was not that of 
Ayeka or Ryoko but of an enraged Sasami. 

{Oh crap!} Tenchi thought, Sasami's wrath was a force to be reckoned 
with. "Uhhh... Is something wrong Sasami?" Tenchi said starting to 
sweat. 

"Do you know what time it is Tenchi!!? I'm already starting to fix 
lunch and you're just now coming in!" Sasami was mad there was no doubt 
of that, she worked hard to prepare their meals and was infuriated when 
someone missed one, except for Washu who had a tendency to miss several 
meals, usually working on some kind of experiment. 

"How long have I been gone Sasami?" Tenchi asked. 

"About an hour." 

"WHAT! No way it couldn't have been that long thirty minutes maybe but 
an hour's a little over the top." Tenchi said in a puzzled way. 

"Don't worry Tenchi it's ok." Sasami said cheering up a little. "I 
promise not to miss lunch ok Sasami, if I do I give you permission to 
unleash all your wrath upon me." Tenchi said uneasily. Sasami just 
giggled, shewed him away with her hand and went back to work. 

    Tenchi ran straight to Ayeka's room. "Ayeka, Ayeka are you awake?" 
Tenchi asked. 

"Yes, what do you want Lord Tenchi" Ayeka said through her sobs. 

"I just wanted to say I'm sorry for only yelling at you. I know you 
weren't completely at fault but those were some pretty harsh words and 
they hurt her. I've asked her to apologize and she agreed now I'm 
asking you to apologize to her." Tenchi said his tone soft and 
soothing. 

" OH Lord Tenchi I'll apologize, BUT only because you asked. Thank you 
for forgiving me." Ayeka said while crying but not because of sadness 
but joy. 

"You're welcome Ayeka. Now, go apologize to Ryoko then come down for 
lunch." 

"LUNCH!!! How long have I been up here." Ayeka said with a shocked and 
confused expression. 

"That's what I said, bye." With that Tenchi walked out the door.

    Meanwhile Ayeka decided to show herself and go apologize to Ryoko. 
Just the thought of that made her cringe. She found Ryoko up in her 
usual spot on one of the roof beams above the couch, but she seemed 
deep in thought, though she seemed to be concentrating real hard she 
had on a bright smile. "Ryoko I just wanted to say I'm sorry for what I 
said, truly I am." At this Ryoko looked down. 

"Apology accepted. I'm sorry for blasting you." "Thanks Ryoko" 

"Same hear Ayeka, see ya." With that the pirate disappeared.
   Later at lunch. "That was great Sasami, as usual" Sasami blushed at 
Tenchi words. 

"Oh it wasn't much Tenchi." 

"Always the modest one eh Sasami? Well bye Sasami see you at dinner." 
Then Tenchi ran to the shrine for his training which he dreaded. 
"Grandpa." Tenchi called when suddenly Katsuhito jumped from behind a 
tree and charged at Tenchi with a loud battle cry. Tenchi saw a bokken 
lying on the ground and picked it up in a vain attempt to block. WHACK 
Tenchi was struck in the head, WHACK in the stomach, and finally WHACK 
smack dab between the eyes by Katsuhito's bokken. Suddenly all went 
black, Ryoko was watching all this when she ignited her sword and was 
very tempted to slash Katsuhito's head clean off his shoulders, but 
knew Tenchi would never forgive her so she dispersed the sword and 
phased out and back in front of Tenchi. 

"Don't worry grandfather I'll take him back to Washu's lab. Katsuhito 
nodded. 

"Yes Tenchi seems preoccupied at the moment tell, him he needs to get 
whatever's on his mind off." Katsuhito then turned to walk back to the 
shrine as Ryoko phased out and appeared in Washu's lab. Washu turned at 
the sound of someone running towards her. After Ryoko had explained 
Washu just calmed her over reactive daughter and started bandaging to 
Tenchi's wounds. 

    It had been about to hours and Tenchi was still unconscious which 
was starting to worry Ryoko and Ayeka not to mention the others. When 
Tenchi woke up and his vision started to clear he noticed he saw five 
pairs of eyes staring right at him, all wearing worried expressions. 
"Whaaaaahhh" Tenchi shot up and noticed that his head and torso were 
bandaged up. "...OWWWWW! My head." Tenchi moaned as he noticed the pain 
in his head. 

"Tenchi!" All the girls said in unison. 

"Tenchi we were so worried you scared the hell out of us. I sure hope 
you're happy. Ryoko said with concern and sarcasm. 
"Yes Lord Tenchi you did give us quite a scare." Ayeka said concern 
also in her voice. 

"Yeah, well you girls also are overreacting, I mean he only has two 
broken ribs, a slight concussion, and a bloody nose, which I am also 
certain it was because he woke up looking at my beautiful face." Washu 
said in a what's the big deal and a childish kind of way. 

"WHA!?!? JUST TWO broken ribs and a SLIGHT concussion. Tenchi said 
yelled. 

"Oh sorry Tenchi I forgot that these kinds of injuries are a big deal 
here. For me it's nothing to mend them, because I'm a genius!" 
"Hahaha!" Washu cackled just as the Washu bots A and B came out of 
Washu's hair. 

"Washu you are such a genius!" Cheered A. 

"There's nothing you can't do you're the greatest Washu." B followed. 

"Washu the greatest scientific genius in the universe!" A and B cheered 
together before returning to Washu's hair. Everyone's face faulted 
except Washu and Tenchi, Tenchi would have had he not been strapped to 
a table. 

"Well whatever Washu just do your thing and nothing and I mean nothing 
else no trying to get that "sample" ok." Tenchi said. 

"All right, all right I won't" Washu said. The others finally got back 
on their feet. "Ok, everybody out Tenchi needs his rest." Washu said 
herding them toward the door. 

"Hey you better not be trying to just get us out so you can be with 
Tenchi or mark my word Washu I'll kick your a..." Ryoko was cut short 
when Ayeka interrupted. 

"Yes I do agree with Ryoko on this, I'll make sure I get a piece of you 
if you touch Tenchi in the wrong way, or anything else inappropriate." 
Ayeka said, both she and Ryoko fuming. 

"Look I already said I wouldn't so you'll just have to trust me, know 
go." Ayeka, Ryoko and the others walked out. Ayeka and Ryoko looking a 
bit hesitant. Washu started typing on her holo-top computer. Suddenly a 
subspace pocket opened and Washu pulled some machine out that looked 
like a handheld windshield wiper only slightly larger with some type of 
light on the top. 

"Ehehe, uh Washu may I ask what that is?" Tenchi asked nervously. 

"This? Oh it's just one of my little inventions. A bone rebuilder and 
relocater, it will rebuild any shattered bones and pop in dislocated 
ones. Oh and one more thing this may hurt." The small scientist said 
with an evil grin. 

"Oh no" was all Tenchi could get out when Washu suddenly turned the 
machine on and a bright red light came on. Suddenly waves of pain were 
flowing through him and the sound of popping and reforming bones could 
be heard. "YYYOOOOOOWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Tenchi screamed as he 
passed out.

   When Tenchi awoke in Washu's lab he saw his head and torso were no 
longer bandaged, they were a little sore but completely healed. He 
noticed Washu was not there and he was no longer strapped down to the 
table, and his clothes were still on to boot. He guessed Washu meant 
for him to see himself out. He walked out of the broom closet, which 
was actually Washu's lab when he was glomped by Ryoko and AYEKA! That 
was a first. 

"Oh Tenchi I was so worried about you." A huge sweat drop formed on 
everybody's head save Ayeka and Ryoko as they said this in unison. 

"Hey get off Tenchi I'm the only one allowed to tackle him, right 
Tenchi?" Ryoko said the last part seductively. 

"Oh and just who made that rule?" Ayeka spat. 

"It's not a rule it's just Tenchi would rather it be me on him than 
prissy little princess like you." 

"Oh you!!!" Tenchi knew that if he let this go on all hell would break 
loose. 

"LADYS please remember what happened the last time you got in a fight, 
and every other time for that matter, now please just calm down." 
Tenchi said. 

"All right." They said in unison. After that they went their separate 
ways, Tenchi went to the carrot field, Ryoko started napping on the 
roof beam, and Ayeka was doing housework grumbling about how Ryoko was 
a lazy good for nothing, Washu was finishing another experiment, 
Mihoshi was called on a Galaxy Police assignment, and Sasami was 
preparing another meal fit for a king while displaying amazing balance 
fixing about twenty different thing at the same time.

    Tenchi was out tending to the carrot patch thinking to himself. 
{Those two they're going to keep fighting until one killed the other, 
and all because of me! What makes all these women like me, most people 
would kill to be me, or in this case be with me. I mean what's so 
special about me what do they see in me?} Suddenly Tenchi saw something 
move out of the corner of his eye. He grabbed hoe and held it like a 
sword. "Who's there? Show yourself!" Tenchi yelled. Ryo-Ohki jumped out 
from behind a tree and ran for the basket of carrots Tenchi had just 
finished gathering. "Oh no you don't Ryo-Ohki, these are for dinner." 
Tenchi said putting out his leg to intervene the cabbit.

"MIYYAAA!" Ryo-Ohki wailed in an aggravated way.

"No you'll just have to..."

"MMMMMIIIYYYAAAAAA!!!!!" Ryo-Ohki interrupted Tenchi with a frightened 
look on her face.

"Huh! What's wrong?" The cabbit only turned and ran. "I wonder what's 
wrong with her?" Tenchi's question was quickly answered when her heard 
a faint whistling sound. He turned and looked up to see none other than 
the Yukanocho, Mihoshi's space ship flying towards him in a downward 
spiral. "AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!" KABOOM the Yukanocho missed 
Tenchi, but just barely, unfortunately it toasted the carrot field. 
Mihoshi popped out black as coal and crying her eyes out.

"Tenchi! I'm so sorry I just lost control and... And... 
WHAAAAAAAAHHHHHH" Mihoshi stuttered as tears flowed like rivers from 
Mihoshi's eyes.

"Mihoshi don't worry about it, now just go inside and get cleaned up." 
Tenchi said in an aggravated voice. 

"Oh... Ok Tenchi." Mihoshi said through sobs. Ryo-Ohki had seen this 
and transformed into The Ryo-Ohki and started firing at Mihoshi.

"WHAAAH!" Mihoshi was screaming and desperately trying to dodge lasers.

"Ryo-Ohki! Calm down now!" Tenchi yelled.

"Miyyyaaa!"

"I know it's bad, but you don't need to blast Mihoshi for it, it's not 
like she did it on purpose. I'm the one who should be mad I have to 
replant all this. Now, take what's lefts and give it to Sasami." Tenchi 
said

"Miya." Ryo-Ohki said as she beamed up the carrots.

"Ok Mihoshi you can go back to the house now. Please tell Sasami that I 
might be a little late for dinner. See ya.

"Ok see ya Tenchi." Mihoshi said as she ran off.

    Three weeks later. "I'm starting to get worried about Washu." 
Tenchi said to Sasami.

"Yeah me to she has eaten in a whole week let alone come out of her 
lab, what could she be working on?" 

Suddenly the door to Washu's lab opened and Washu stepped out. " I'm so 
glad you asked Sasami."

"Washu! You've finally come out." The young princess said with 
excitement.

"Yes, and I've completed my newest invention, the Fix It 5,000. After 
that serious fight three weeks ago I was inspired to make this 
invention to help with any future repairs to the house, or Tenchi's 
room. Observe." Washu then summoned her holo-computer and typed a 
command. For a second nothing happened, BOOM! A huge hole was made in 
the wall beside Washu.

"Hey, what're doing Washu that's just..."

"Shut up Tenchi" Washu said. Washu pressed a button on her machine. The 
machine roared to life and started scanning the hole. "First it will 
scan the hole, then it will slowly repair it just be patient." The blue 
be the machine was emitting turned red and the hole started slowly 
repairing. "See Tenchi this will save you loads of time I am such a 
genius." Washu bots A and B started to pop up and cheer Washu on when 
Mihoshi came in.

"Hey everybody I finished cleaning up and... Oooh Washu what's this." 
Mihoshi was moving her finger closer to a red button that said, DANGER, 
Mihoshi don't you dare touch this.

"MIHOSHI! No don't touch that!!!!!" Washu screamed.

BOOM! Every window in the house was shattered and the house looked 
slightly misshapen. Ryoko and Ayeka stormed down the stares covered in 
dirt from head to toe.

"What the hell just happened!?" Ryoko screamed in an angry tone.

"Yes, I too am curious as to what has happened... THIS time!?"

"Guess." was all Tenchi said.

Ryoko thought for a minute. "Hmmm. I got it Washu made some invention 
that would improve life, as we know it. Everything was going good until 
Mihoshi came in with her innocent look on and pressed the one button 
that would cause the machine to blow up thus causing everybody a load 
of hell."

"Am I that predictable?" Mihoshi said with a skeptic look on her face.

"Yep." Tenchi said.

"You're sure taking this well." Washu said slightly aggravated by the 
fact her machine was completely destroyed.

"I'm used to it by now." Tenchi said his face expressionless. A sweat 
drop formed on all the girl's heads and they chuckled nervously. "Oh! 
Don't get me wrong if any one of you left my life would change to much, 
sure you cause trouble but I've become accustomed to it and it's 
something I've learned to like."

"OOOOHHH you are just so sweet!!!" Ryoko squealed.

"I have to agree with the monster this time Tenchi." Ayeka said.

"Yeah." The others chimed in with their agreement. 

      "Tenchi" Noboyuki said as he walked through the front door. "What 
are ya do... WHAAAA!!!! What happened to the house?!" Noboyuki said in 
shock

" Oh hey dad. Just one of Washu's experiments destroyed by the one and 
only Mihoshi."

Mihoshi turned red. "I'm sorry Mr. Masaki I... WHAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!!!!" 
Mihoshi broke down in tears, AGAIN and water was slowly filling the 
living room.

"Oh don't worry Mihoshi I thought it was Tenchi's fault, but I'm not 
gonna get mad at someone so cute. That goes for all you girls I mean 
I'd have to be crazy. Tenchi hasn't even "Gotten to know you." If you 
get my point." Noboyuki chuckled evilly at upon saying this. The girls 
turned beet red and a huge smile appeared on their faces, Tenchi on the 
other hand turned red with an embarrassed look.

"DAD! Cut that out."

"Well never mind that I still have to "Get to know you." Noboyuki 
grinned and laughed. The girl's smiles faded. Ryoko's beam sword 
erupted from her hand and Ayeka summoned her logs around Noboyuki.

"I'm gonna make you pay for that remark you pervert!" Ryoko growled 
with a look of doom on her face.

"Yes you hentai I'll agree and assist Ryoko on this task." Ayeka 
growled with the same look and motive as Ryoko" Suddenly Ryoko dashed 
at Noboyuki her sword pointed right at him. Noboyuki barely had enough 
time to dodge when suddenly Ayeka's mini logs started to power up.

"OOOOOOHHHHHH CRAP!!!!" Noboyuki yelled as he ran like a bat out of 
hell out the door with Ayeka and Ryoko at his heels, Ryoko keeping him 
constantly moving firing energy balls at him. "STOP! I was just kidding 
jeez lay off. SOOMMMMMEEEEBBBBODDDYYY! HHEEELLLPPPP ME!"

" Aren't you going to stop them Tenchi, they might hurt him." Asked a 
worried Sasami.

"Nah, they won't hurt him... To bad." Tenchi said with a grin. "Now I 
have to get busy fixing this so you girls go get cleaned up."

"Ok Tenchi." The girls said as they went their separate ways.

"Man those girls are so high matenance, but I could care less."

Author's Note: Well this is the first chapter of my first fic. I would 
really appreciate any comments on how I could improve or how I'm doing 
right now. Please E-Mail at Bomberini@aol.com. 
