		No Need For a Crossover!
Chapter/Part 1: No Need for Rocketto Dan!
AN: Hehe!!! I felt this had to be done! If it sucks well I'm sorry! It's my 
first crossover! -.-; And it's cute too hehe! -.-;; 
Umm ok I'm gonna stop now. But first! I'd like to state that I know they take 
place in totally different settings. So I'm playing with things a bit. It's FAKE 
PEOPLE! X.x 
-
"You are the most incompetent person I know Ryouko!!" 
"You're just jealous because Tenchi's going to marry me!"
"That is a lie! You tell her Tenchi!"
"Yeah Tenchi, tell her you love me!"
"Wa!! I gotta get outta here!" Tenchi Masaki said as he ran out of his house and 
ran to the garden, where Ryo-Ohki, a cabbit created by Washuu, 
was eating some carrots. "What am I gonna do with those two?" he sighed.
-
Musashi stared out over the sky as the Nyasu balloon flew over the Masaki house. 
She spotted Ryo-Ohki, and raising an eyebrow she called out:
"Kojiro! Nyasu! Look! It's a new type of Pokemon!"
The two ran over to the edge of the balloon and looked over. "What is that?" 
Kojiro asked.
"Looks like a rat of somesort.We could be famous finding this thing Kojiro!" 
Musashi cried. "Don't you think so Nyasu?" Musashi looked over to him.
 "Hello? Earth to Nyasu!"
"She's da most beautiful creature I eva seen! I gotta meet her!" Nyasu said, 
jumping onto Kojiro's shoulder so he could reach the balloon controls, lowering 
it to the ground. 
"Wa! What the heck is that?!" Tenchi yelled, seeing the giant balloon slowly 
descend to the ground.
Musashi and Kojiro jumped out of the balloon and laughed. "Prepare for trouble! 
That rat thing is ours!"
"Make it double! It looks like it's from Mars!"
"To protect the world from devastation!"
"To unite all peoples within our nation!"
"To denounce---" 
"Yer beautiful! Say you'll be mine!" Nyasu said, picking a flower from the 
ground and handing it to Ryo-Ohki.
"Meow?" the cabbit said, cocking her head.
"Grr.!!!! Save it Romeo! We're doing the motto!" Musashi yelled.
"Who are you people?!" Tenchi demanded.
"If Casanova would've let us finish the motto you'd know." Kojiro pouted.
Nyasu nuzzled Ryo-Ohki, who ran and hid behind Tenchi's leg. "Merow."
"We want that Pokemon!" Musashi said, pointing to Ryo-Ohki.
"Pokemon? Ryo-Ohki's a cabbit!" Tenchi said.
Kojiro whispered over to Musashi. "He's playing hard to get."
She nodded and walked to him. "Come on now.We just want to borrow it. 
Permanently!"
"Well Ryo-Ohki isn't what you said she was! A Poke..mon or whatever it was! Ryo-
Ohki is a cabbit! Nothing more!"
Musashi sighed. "This is hopeless."
"As hopeless as me?" Kojiro asked.
".Nothing is as hopeless as you," Musashi said, sitting down on the ground.
"Uhh.my name's Tenchi and if you need a place to stay for a while.We have 
room.Sort of."
"I'd love ta stay with ya..Ryo-Ohki..my love.." Nyasu said dreamily.
"Meow."
Musashi grabbed Nyasu by the tail. "We have a job to do Nyasu! We don't have 
time for your crush!"
Princess Aeka walked out of the house. "Tenchi, what is going on here? Who are 
these people?"
Tenchi held his head. "I wish I knew Miss Aeka."
Kojiro grabbed Musashi's arm and pulled her away from the ruckus. "Maybe we 
should stay.Nyasu doesn't have much luck with the ladies and 
this way we can make up a new plan to get Pikachu in peace and quiet."
Musashi sighed. "Alright.I guess you're right." She turned to Tenchi and Aeka. 
"Alright, we'll take your offer, we'll stay here for a few days."
"What? Why are these strangers staying here Tenchi?" Aeka asked.
"Uhh.Would you mind telling us your names?" Tenchi asked, putting his hand 
behind his head.
"I'm Musashi, this is Kojiro and." Musashi looked to Nyasu, who was doing a 
dance, trying to impress Ryo-Ohki. "That's Nyasu."
"Well, like I said, I'm Tenchi and this is Princess Aeka. Come on, I'll let you 
three meet everyone else," Tenchi said, guiding them into the house.
"I just hope this wasn't a big mistake Kojiro." Musashi said.
"Sashi, since when has anything I've suggested been a mistake?"
Musashi looked to him. "You're joking right?"
"Just trust me Sashi! Thing's will work out fine!"
"I hope you're right."
~The End Of Chapter One~

Chapter Two: No Need For a Sibling!
Note: I know this isn't possible but play along for my sake ok? Please?  
Musashi walked down the numerous stairs to the Masaki Shrine, watching her 
footsteps as she went. She heard a rustling in a bush nearby and 
jerked her head up, focusing her gaze onto the bush. She walked over to it and 
peaked through only to see Tenchi practicing with his grandfather. 
Figuring she wasn't interrupting anything, she watched from her spot behind the 
bush.
Yosho sighed. "Tenchi.You aren't concentrating.
"I'm sorry grandpa. It's just.something's been bothering me ever since Musashi 
came into our lives."
She raised an eyebrow at the mention of her name and listened in more closely 
now.
"What is it Tenchi?"
"I feel.Like I know her. But I know for a fact I've never seen her before till 
that day her and her friends landed here," Tenchi said, wiping his forehead.
"Maybe she just has one of those faces. I'm sure Ryouko and Aeka don't enjoy the 
company," Yosho chuckled. "Just another woman getting in their way."
Tenchi laughed. " I think I can handle those two. "
Yosho smiled and put his hand on his grandson's shoulder. " Well I'm going to 
see if Sasami has dinner ready. You keep practicing your technique." 
And with that, he walked off to the main house. When he was out of sight, 
Musashi walked out of the bushes and stood, watching Tenchi in plain sight. 
"Nice moves."
Tenchi stopped and sweatdropped, putting a hand behind his head. 
"Well.Yeah.Thanks Musashi."
"Come on. I'm sure you're grandpa wouldn't mind if you ducked out of training 
early," she smiled.
"Ok.I guess not." 
Musashi smiled. "Great! We can get to know each other better."
"Oh.well yeah that'd be nice Musashi.can I ask you something?"
"Sure."
"What do your parents think of you being in Rocketto Dan?"
Musashi looked down and stopped walking. Tenchi looked at her. "Did I say 
something wrong Musashi-San?"
"No.It's just.my mom was a part of Rocketto Dan and.she got sent off when I was 
about 7 on a mission.she died in an avalanche."
Tenchi walked to her. "Musashi.I'm so sorry."
"You didn't know Tenchi. As for my dad.I never met him. I guess he was a one-
night stand...If I ever meet that jerk." she pounded her fist into her palm.
"Let me help, " Tenchi smiled. 
Musashi smiled back. "So what about you? I've seen your dad but not your mom."
"Yeah..my mom died when I was about 6."
"Oh..I'm sorry.Guess we're a pair aren't we?" Musashi said, kicking some dirt.
Suddenly, the sky turned black as night as a crack of thunder was heard.
"Ahh! This storm came up so suddenly! It was sunny 5 minutes ago!" Tenchi cried.
Just as the rain began to fall, Tenchi and Musashi ran to the shed to escape it.
"You have weird weather here don't you?" Musashi said, wringing her hair out.
"Heh.I guess so."
"Oh damnit." Musashi took out a picture of her and her mother. "It's all wet and 
wrinkled."
Tenchi blinked. "What's that Musashi-San?"
"It's me and my mother the day before she left for her mission. Would you like 
to see?"
"Sure," Tenchi smiled, taking the picture. "Oh my god." his voice was almost a 
whisper.
"What? I was a kawaii kid wasn't I?" Musashi grinned.
"No.well.yes but." Tenchi searched around his pockets and pulled out a picture 
and handed it to her. "That's me and my mother."
Musashi took it and stared for a while. Finally after a long silence. 
"That.That's my mom."
Tenchi moved next to her and they put the two pictures together. "We're.We have 
the same mom."
"But.How?? How is this possible?" 
"Mom was always out in the evenings.saying she was working." Tenchi said.
"And she was gone in the day.at Rocketto Dan." 
The two looked at each other and smiled. "I have a sister." Tenchi grinned.
"I have a little brother." Musashi grinned back.
"But wait.my dad must not be your dad."
"That's right.well it doesn't matter who my dad is! I have a brother!" Musashi 
happily beamed. "I can't wait to get back to the house and tell everyone!"
"Me either Musashi." Tenchi smiled. "No one's going to believe this."
"We have all the proof we need right here!" Musashi said, holding up the photos. 
"Yeah, I guess you're right. After the storm we'll go tell everyone!"
Musashi nodded and smiled.
~*~
Aeka ran up to Tenchi. " Oh Lord Tenchi we were so worried!"
Kojiro ran up to Musashi. "Sashi are you alright? You weren't hit by lightning 
were you??"
Musashi laughed. "Of course not you idiot."
Tenchi grinned at Musashi and then went into the living room. "Everyone! Can you 
please come out here! Jessie and I need to tell you something!"
Kojiro and Aeka looked to each other, both fearing the worst: Tenchi and Musashi 
were getting married!
Once Washu, Ryouko, Sasami, Aeka, James, Meowth, Ryo-Ohki, Mihoshi, Kiyone, 
Yosho, Nobuyuki, Azaka and Kamidake were all in the
 living room the two new siblings broke their news to their friends and family.
"Well everyone.Musashi and I have some news." Tenchi said, smiling.
Mihoshi's eyes perked up. "Oh my gosh! You're getting married!"
Musashi and Tenchi sweatdropped as Kiyone hit Mihoshi. "Don't be an idiot! Let 
them talk before you make snap judgements!"
"Well.we're not getting married I can tell you that, " Tenchi said, putting a 
hand behind his head.
Almost collectively, Kojiro, Aeka, Ryouko and Washu let out sighs of relief.
"We're half brother and sister!" Musashi blurted happily.
The thirteen of them just sat there, dumbfounded. Finally Azaka spoke up. "Lord 
Tenchi, how did you come to this conclusion?"
"Well.we both have pictures of ourselves with our mother..and it's the same 
person," Tenchi replied.
"Wow I don't believe it!" Nobuyuki said. " I have a daughter!"
"Wa.err.Dad she's not yours.She has a different dad."
"I know but she's mine now and that's all that matters!" he said hugging 
Musashi.
"Erk.Can't.breathe." Musashi said, turning blue.
"Well.since everyone came here for a weddin' announcement and didn't get one." 
Nyasu said, getting on one knee in front of Ryo-Ohki. 
"You're da most beautiful cabbit I eva saw. Will ya be mine?" he said, revealing 
a gem with a carrot carved into it.
"Mreow."
Mihoshi blinked. "I thought Ryo-Ohki liked Ken-Ohki."
Kiyone hit Mihoshi once more. "Idiot!!"
"Mreow!!!" Ryo-Ohki nodded. "Mreow Mreooow!!!"
"No! Nyyyyy." the poor heartbroken Pokemon walked upstairs, sniffling.
"Mreow." Ryo-Ohki sadly watched him.
Washu was watching the whole scene, those wheels already turning in that 
scientist head of hers. Hmm.Maybe I can create 
something to get Ryo-Ohki to fall for Nyasu. Wait! I'm a genius! Of course I 
can! Washu grinned and walked to Tenchi and Musashi. 
"Well congrats you two on finding your sibling-ness. I, the great Washu! Must be 
getting back to my lab though." And with that, she was gone. 
Nyasu's gonna thank me for this someday! Hahahaha!!
~End of Chapter Two

Chapter Three: No Need for a Princess!
**Again I'd just like to point out I know this isn't possible but in my story it 
is so get over it please. Thank you ^^**
"Sir, we have news from planet Earth. Princess Musashi has met Lord Tenchi, 
Princess Sasami and Princess Aeka. Should we take action?"
The king of Juraii stared forward, with an expressionless look on his face. 
"Bring her here. It's time she know of her heritage."
"Are you suggesting we kidnap the Princess sir?"
"That's exactly what I am suggesting! Get her. Immediately."
"But sir.You said yourself you want nothing to do with her."
"But she must know that Juraiian blood flows through her veins! If need be, we 
can make her a worker here. I will not have my planet and people 
ruled by some incompetent little girl! And I'm not too pleased the Tenchi is 
even apart of this family."
"I will get Princess Musashi."
"Don't call her Princess. If she refuses to do as we ask, we dispose of her. End 
of story."
"Yes your highness."
--
"Everyone! Breakfast is ready!" Sasami called.
Of course, Mihoshi was the first one down. "Oh Sasami! Everything looks so 
good!"
Musashi knocked on Nyasu's little litter box in the room her and Kojiro were 
sharing. "Nyasu it's breakfast time."
"I ain't comin! Ryo-Ohki'll be dere and I can't deal with dat. Not after being 
shot down like dat."
"Nyasu, there are plenty of other fish in the sea.or in your case cats in the 
litter box," Kojiro said, smiling. "You can't fawn after one girl you're whole 
life."
"You two should talk." Nyasu muttered.
"What's that supposed to mean?" Musashi asked, crossing her arms.
"Just go downstairs and bring Nyasu somethin' back ta eat. Dat Sasami can cook 
better den you Kojiro!"
Kojiro pouted a bit, his only talent being lost to a little girl.
"Alright fine. We'll be back in a bit. Come on Kojiro," Musashi said, as her and 
Kojiro walked down the stairs.
A few minutes later, Washu snuck into the room and she too disturbed Nyasu's 
sulking by knocking on his litter box.
"What'da you want?" Nyasu asked, raising the part of fur where his eyebrow would 
be if he had one.
"I just happen to have something that can get you to win Ryo-Ohki's heart! 
Forever!"
"What is it?" Nyasu asked, coming out of hiding.
She took out a bottle of aqua liquid. "This. Just drink some down and the one 
you love will return the feeling! Aren't the greatest?" she laughs.
"You're the best Washu!" A said.
"No one's a greater scientist than you Washu!" B added.
"Eh.right," Nyasu said, gulping down a bit of the potion. "Now ya sure Ryo-
Ohki'll like me since I drank dis stuff?"
"Positive! Come on lets go test it out!" Washu said, dragging Nyasu downstairs. 
Unbeknownst to Washu, Ryouko had been listening in on the conversation and 
decided to take a little sip of Washu's latest love potion. 
She snuck in, going through the wall, like always and took the bottle. "One sip 
of this.and Tenchi will love me forever." 
Ryouko grinned, taking the lid off. Just as she did so, Tenchi called for her. 
"Ryouko! We're all waiting! Your breakfast is going to get cold!"
Ryouko sighed and put the lid back on. "Maybe later." She then teleported 
herself downstairs. As everyone began to eat up, 
the house suddenly began to shake violently.
"Ahh!" Mihoshi cried, "Kiyone! What's going on!!"
"I don't know Mihoshi! We'd better check it out!" Kiyone said, cocking her 
Galaxy Police pistol and rushing outside, the rest of the gang following.
"Wa!!!" Tenchi yelled, seeing the giant Juraiian ship making it's decent into 
the Masaki backyard.
"That's a Juraii ship.what would it be doing here?" Aeka wondered aloud.
Just then a red beam of light came out of the ship and appeared over Musashi.
"What the.!??!" Musashi cried.
"Musashi!" Kojiro yelled, running towards her as the sucked her up onto the 
ship. Tenchi and Yosho held him back and he screamed out for his best friend. 
"Musashi!!!! Musashi!!!! BRING HER BACK NOW!!!!" 
After picking up Musashi, the ship flew off into space.
--
Musashi was shoved off the ship onto Juraii by two guards. "Hey watch it!"
They led her up several stairs, which seemed to go on forever. As she walked, 
she noticed the many trees and plants on the Juraii and 
how different they were from those on Earth.
"Your highness. Here is Princ--- Musashi."
Musashi looked as the giant throne turned revealing a large man with a dark 
brown beard and hair, bearing Juraiian royal attire. 
"Ah. Thank you men. You are dismissed," the king said, stepping down. The two 
men nodded and made their decent down the stairs.
"What do you want?" Musashi glared.
He stared at her for a few minutes. "If you were raised properly.you'd make a 
proud.powerful leader."
"Umm.ok?" Musashi said, confused.
"Musashi.You are my daughter. I, the king of Juraii, am your father."
~End of Chapter Three 


Chapter 4
"No Need For a Rescue!"
**Once again I ask that you just play along. Pwease? With sugar and a cherry 
ontop? >^.^<*
Kojiro sat on the ground, staring at the spot he saw Musashi abducted. "Sashi."
Princess Aeka walked to him, placing a hand on his shoulder. "Kojiro.I will make 
sure whoever took Musashi will be severely punished."
Kojiro stood up and looked to her. "I don't care about that now Miss Aeka! I 
want Musashi back!"
Ryouko looked to Tenchi, remembering their awful ordeal when he had been taken 
by that Haruna person. I know how Kojiro feels.I have to help him!
"Well everyone, looks like we gotta go to Juraii and save Sashi!"
Tenchi nodded to her. "Ryouko's right. I've just found my sister after all these 
years, I won't let my own family take her."
Sasami pouted slightly. "You're not going to go out into space again are you 
Tenchi?"
Tenchi smiled to her. "I have to Sasami. I can't let Musashi stay there 
forever."
"Ok everybody! Who's in?" Ryouko said, putting her hand down in the air.
Kojiro put his hand atop hers. "I am. I'm not gonna leave that planet till 
Musashi's back right by my side!"
Tenchi put his hand on Kojiro's. "Same here!"
Aeka put her hand atop Tenchi's. "You'll need to me to get into certain areas 
where Musashi may be being held. So I'm joining you."
Kiyone joined in too. "I have to go along to arrest the people responsible for 
her kidnapping!" She grabbed Mihoshi's hand and put it on her own. "She's in 
too."
Mihoshi whined. "No Kiyone!!! I'm too scared!"
"Alright then! Ryo-Ohki, do your stuff!" Ryouko called as the cute and cuddly 
cabbit transformed into a big, badass spaceship, ready for action!
Kojiro blinked. "Wow.that's some attack."
"Alright everybody! Inside!" Ryouko ordered as all six of them went into the 
spaceship. As the spaceship blasted off into space, Nyasu walked over to Washu.
"It didn't work! You said she'd love me!" he yelled.
"Well it can't work in her spaceship form. Relax, once Musashi is saved, and 
they're back you'll be making little cabbits in no time!" Washu replied happily.
"You'd betta be right.I just sharpened dese claws and dese babies can do serious 
damage!"
-
Musashi stood there for a moment, not able to believe what she just heard. 
"I.I.I'm a Princess?"
The king laughed. "Oh hardly my dear. Look at you in that outfit! Princesses 
don't dress like little tramps! Just like your mother I see."
Musashi growled. "Don't you dare bad-mouth my mother!"
He smirked. "Oh and what will you do my dear?"
"Grr.something so terrible and awful.I don't even know what it is yet!!!"
He laughed once more, only more evilly. "Well, if you want to be recognized as a 
Juraiian Princess you'll have to do somethings for me."
"Like what?"
"Work as my slave," he grinned.
"What?! No way! Just take me back to Tenchi's!"
"I'm sorry. That's not possible. Either you do as I say or you will be 
terminated."
Musashi clenched her fist in rage. "Gr.Fine. How long do I have to do this for?"
"As long as I make you of course," he grinned. "And if your friends come to try 
to save you, I'll deal with them. Now take her away guards."
The same two guards from before came up behind Musashi, both grabbing one of her 
arms. 
"You won't get away with this!" she yelled as they took her down the staircase.
"That's what they all say," he grinned. 
-
Kojiro looked out the window of Ryo-Ohki. "Sashi.I hope you're alright.I'd never 
forgive myself if you died and you never knew."
Princess Aeka put her hand on his shoulder. "Kojiro-San?"
He jumped a bit and looked up at her. "Miss Aeka.I didn't know you were there."
She sat down next to him and smiled softly. "You care very much for her do you 
not?"
He nodded. "More than anything."
"I know what it is like to love someone so deeply.that is how I feel towards 
Lord Tenchi."
He smiled at her. "Doesn't it bother you that you're like.his great-aunt?"
"Well on Juraii, it's normal to marry your family. I know you here on Earth feel 
that's.hillbillie-ish. "
He took her hand. "No. I'm actually very interested in what you have to say 
about the way your people do things. Would you like to explain it to me?"
Her smile widened. "Yes.I'd love to!"
The two smiled as Aeka explained everything about Juraii to him. 
End of Chapter 4


~*~Chapter 5 Coming Soon~*~ ^__^













