Tenchi and his father walked through the hall of Juraian
trees.
Tenchi told his father about the mysterious, young lady
he had met at court earlier.
"The Lady Hakubi."  Nobuyuki said the name thoughtfully.
"I know you peep at all the courtiers in the hot spring,
so I thought you might know who she is."
"Now son, you know I don't know any of them by name."
Nobuyuki thought for a moment and then asked, "Does she
have a nice rack?"
"DAD!"
"Well, does she?" his father inquired.
"Yeah," Tenchi admitted, blushing.
"That could be one of a hundred courtiers," Nobuyuki
said.
Then he questioned, "Why are you so interested in her?"
"Um, no reason," Tenchi told his father.  Beads of sweat
formed on his forehead.
"Well, maybe she'll show up at the ball.  The
invitations go out today," Nobuyuki said reassuringly.
It was now late afternoon.  Ryoko and Kiyone were
harvesting honey to sell in the market.  Mihoshi was
attempting to help, but the bees continually stung her.
"Ouch.  Oh, ow.  That hurts.  Ouch," she complained.
Ryoko and Kiyone were used to this; they ignored her.
Kiyone said, "I would have loved to see you all dressed
up at court, talking to prince as if you were a lady."
"It was no big deal," Ryoko replied.  "That boy is such
a geek.  I don't know why everyone thinks he's so
wonderful."
"Ryoko, ow, that's the millionth time, ow, I heard you
say that. Ouch!"  Mihoshi swatted at the bees buzzing
around her.  "I bet you, ow, like him."
For a moment, Ryoko actually looked startled, as though
Mihoshi had revealed a secret.  Then she protested, "I
don't like him!  He's the most annoying person I've ever
met, unless you count Ayeka, and he's her relative so
there must be something wrong with him.  I think the two
of them deserve each other."
Kiyone asked, "Why did you tell him your name was Lady
Hakubi?"
"It just sort of came to me.  I think it was my mother's
name, or part of her name," Ryoko replied.
"I bet he's pretty charming.  Why don't you just admit
you like him a little?  No one would blame you," Kiyone
teased her.
"Because I don't like him!  And even if I did it
wouldn't matter because he's royalty."
Mihoshi wailed, "Ow!  Oh, that hurts!  Why won't you
please stop stinging me!  OW!"  She suddenly abandoned
any attempt at gathering honey and took off running
toward the house.  A cloud of angry bees followed her.
Ryoko and Kiyone watched her run in silence for a moment
before collapsing into giggles.
Three days later, Kagato received an invitation to the
ball.    He held the envelope in his palm.  He was like
an animal stalking its prey, and now, although still
crouched in the shadows, he was almost ready to strike.
Kagato read the invitation to his nieces.  He turned to
Ayeka, "I have heard that the prince is planning to
announce his engagement to the lady of his choice at the
ball.  Are you ready to take your place on the throne?"
        "But, there are so many courtiers, how do I know
that Lord Tenchi will choose me?" Ayeka asked nervously.
Kagato smiled.  "How can you think you would have any
competition? You are related to the prince by royal
blood.  It was for this purpose that you were born.
Tenchi is your birthright."
Ayeka blushed.   She nodded her head, accepting the
familiar words.  "Of course," she said.
Sasami spoke up, "The letter is addressed, 'To all the
ladies of the house'.  Do you think we should invite
Ryoko?  She grew up with us, Ayeka.  She's like our
sister."
Kagato looked at the little girl.  "Don't be absurd," he
scoffed.  "Royal events are no place for garbage such as
Ryoko.  She would only find a way to disgrace us."
Sasami hung her head.  "It just doesn't seem right," she
replied. She knew she could do nothing to change her
uncle's mind, so she turned and walked slowly from the
room.
Ryoko spent the afternoon on the outskirts of Soja.
While Kagato was reading the invitation to his nieces,
Ryoko slept under a cherry tree with Ryo Ohki resting
comfortably at her side.  Awakening, she stared at the
fading sunlight through the branches of the tree She
stretched and reached up to rub her eyes, but noticed
that her hands were dirty.  She thought for a moment and
then smiled.  Ryoko got up and dashed through the woods
toward a secluded hot spring.  Ryo Ohki followed close
behind her.  She dropped her clothes onto a rock and
jumped into the warm water.  Ryo Ohki sat perched on the
rocks beside the water and tried to avoid getting
splashed.  Ryoko swam on her back and let the warm water
cover her body.  She smiled.  Away from Soja and Kagato,
she felt free and content.  She rested, leaning her head
against a rock in the water, closed her eyes and let her
mind wander, forgetting the world outside.  From her
place on the shore, Ryo Ohki saw two figures approaching
the hot spring.  One was a boy and the other a young
girl with long, red hair.
"Miss Washu," Tenchi began.
        Washu looked at him and narrowed her
eyes.  "What did you call me?"
        Tenchi laughed nervously, "Little Washu?"
        Washu smiled, "That's better!" she sang.
        Tenchi continued, "Little Washu, um, do you
think there is one person for everyone?"
"As a matter of fact, I do."
        "But what if I never meet her?  Or what if I do
meet her, but I don't notice?  Or what if she's been
there all the time and I'm too stupid to realize it?
What if I think the one I've found is the right one, but
I
it turns out she's not real because she's really some
shadow of an evil being who wants to trick me?  No wait,
that's a stupid idea, forget I mentioned that one."
Washu took off one of her shoes and dipped her foot into
the hot spring.  "Tenchi, she's out there, but the
perfect girl for you is not going to just fall from the
sky, or be locked up in a cave waiting for you to set
her free."
"I know.  I just wish I had longer than five days,"
Tenchi sighed.
"Well," Washu smiled, "you can always marry me if you
don't find your perfect match in time for the ball!"
She leaned her head against Tenchi's chest.  He laughed
nervously.
Washu shrugged and walked back to the edge of the hot
spring.  Tenchi followed her.  She pointed to a line of
rocks in the water.  She said, "I rely too much on my
inventions sometimes.  I miss the simpler pleasures like
jumping rocks."  She turned to Tenchi, "Care to join me?"
Tenchi scratched his head.  "No, I think I'll stay here."
        "Suit yourself."  Washu waded into the water.
She climbed onto the first rock and began to leap from
one to another.  Suddenly, she stepped on something that
was not a rock; it sunk as soon as she stepped on it.
She tumbled into the water.  She heard a gurgling noise
and saw air bubbles rising to the surface and realized
she must have stepped on a person.  Washu reached
beneath the water and grabbed a handful of the
unfortunate person's hair and pulled her head above
water.
Ryoko coughed and sputtered.  "What the hell do you
think you're doing?"
"Playing a harmless game of jump rock," Washu replied.
 "Harmless my butt!  You almost drowned me!"  Ryoko
shook the water out of her hair.  Washu looked at her
closely.  Then suddenly, she smiled as if she recognized
Ryoko.
"Well, if it isn't the mysterious Lady Hakubi."
        "Huh?  How did you--"
        "Come on," Washu grabbed Ryoko's hand and began
to drag her in the direction of the shore, "I have
someone who's dying to see you."
Ryoko stumbled after Washu.  "Hey what's going on?  Who
are you?" she protested, and then suddenly, she found
herself face to face with Prince Tenchi.
Tenchi's eyes grew wide and his nose began to bleed.  He
stared at Ryoko.
Ryoko was just as surprised to see him.  "Your majesty!"
she exclaimed and tried to curtsey in the water.
"L-lady Hakubi, y-y-you're naked!
        Ryoko looked down at her body and then back at
Tenchi.
She smiled, "So I am," she answered.
        Washu chuckled, "I think you're the first naked
girl the prince has
ever seen, Lady Hakubi."
        Ryoko looked at Tenchi slyly, "Well your
majesty, what do you think?"
        "Uh..." Tenchi stammered.
        Washu grinned, "You won't have a conversation
with him unless you put
something on."
        Ryoko raised an eyebrow and grinned at the boy
who stood pale as a ghost.  She gathered up her dress
and motioned for Ryo Ohki to meet her at Soja.  While
Washu worked on her mysterious, transparent computer,
Ryoko and Tenchi practiced fencing with tree branches.
        "Are you intimidated by a girl who can handle
one of these things better than you?" Ryoko asked as she
defeated Tenchi.
        "Actually," he replied, "I've never met a girl
who could sword fight, but you always seem to surprise
and, well...scare me."
        "What do you mean 'scare you?'"
        "Well," Tenchi explained nervously, "I can't
seem to figure you out.
One day you live the life of a courtier, and yet here
you are swimming
naked--I mean all alone.  Where are your servants?"
        "I let them have the day off," Ryoko answered
thinking quickly. Washu came up behind her with a tape
measure and threw it around Ryoko's bust.
        "Hmmm, 35 inches.  Very nice."  She nodded as
she typed on her computer.
        "Hey, what do you think you're doing?" Ryoko
hollered.  Tenchi knocked Ryoko's tree branch out of her
hand.
        "Ha! I got you!" he laughed.
        "That was cheating; I was distracted!" she
protested.  Then she took a step forward and ran her
finger up his chest tickling him. "Now it's my turn to
distract you," she said, smiling enticingly.
        "Hey, stop that!" Tenchi pulled away laughing
nervously.  "Why do you tease me so much?"
        Ryoko grinned and responded, "Why do you give me
so much opportunity?"  Tenchi looked at her for a moment
as though her response made him uncomfortable, but then
he began to chuckle.  Ryoko laughed, too.
        At that moment, Ryoko heard Sasami's voice call
her name.  She looked around anxiously.
        "It's getting late," she said backing away.  "I
have to go now."
        But Washu jumped in front of her, blocking her
path.  "Don't go yet," she protested, "I need a guinea
pig for my latest invention."
        Ryoko pushed her aside, "Sounds like fun, but I
really have to go."
She began to run in the direction of the woods.
        Tenchi called after her, "I'm going to be
walking through the market tomorrow!  Will you join me?"
        But Ryoko had already vanished among the trees.
Tenchi turned to Washu baffled by Ryoko's strange
behavior.
        "Why does she keep doing that?" he asked.
        Washu shrugged, "I don't know Tenchi, but now
that I have you all to myself, you can be my guinea pig!"
 At dinner that night everyone was unusually quiet.  The
servants, except for Mihoshi, stood on opposite sides of
the room waiting to attend to any needs the family might
have.  Mihoshi had drifted off to sleep, her head
resting on Kiyone's shoulder.  When she began to drool
and snore lightly, Kiyone elbowed her.  Ryoko stifled a
laugh.
        Sasami broke the silence, "Hey, guess what?  I
heard that Prince Tenchi asked the King to release all
the prisoners who had been sentenced to work on Pluto."
        Ayeka said, "What I want to know is, who the new
courtier everyone is talking about?  Rumor has it that
Lord Tenchi is very taken with her."
Kiyone shot Ryoko a wry grin.
        Kagato went to take a drink from his goblet, but
he discovered that it was empty.  He motioned for Ryoko
to replenish his glass.  "We must not listen to rumors,"
he told Ayeka, "I will find out who she is and bury
her."  Ryoko's hand began to shake when she heard this,
and she knocked over his goblet, spilling the wine on
the table.
        "Clumsy girl!" he hissed at her.
        The next day, Ryoko, Kiyone and Mihoshi were at
the market selling the vegetables they grew on the
farm.  Ryoko was setting out baskets of fresh carrots
when she heard an all too familiar voice.
        "Ah, Ryoko, you get prettier every week."  Ryoko
turned and glared at a short, dumpy man with eight,
octopus curls surrounding his head.  She sighed,
annoyed.  The man claimed to be a scientist, but
secretly, Ryoko suspected that he made his living
selling child pornography.
        "Oh, Dr. Clay, I'm not your type, I've been
through puberty," she retorted.
         Kiyone rolled her eyes as she walked around
arranging the different vegetables on display "Don't
touch anything unless you intend to buy it!" she said
forcefully.
        Dr. Clay looked at Ryoko, "I do hate to see you
slaving away like this, selling your pitiful vegetables
in the market.  I wish you'd come work for me.  I could
use your hands on my staff."
"My hands are not going anywhere near your staff," Ryoko
retorted.
"I may be twice your age and half your height, girl, but
I'm well
endowed," Dr. Clay sneared.
Mihoshi's eyes widened, "Wow you are?  What does endowed
mean?  Can
You show me?"  Kiyone clasped her hand over Mihoshi's
mouth.
        "I'm glad you're so easily impressed with
yourself," Ryoko responded.  She turned her back to Dr.
Clay.  Ryo Ohki
hopped onto her shoulder and hissed.
        Dr. Clay fingered a strand of Ryoko's cyan
hair.  "I had a horse like you once," he whispered to
her, "magnificent creature.  It was free
willed, spirited and stubborn.  It only needed to be
broken."
Ryoko turned back to face Dr. Clay.  She picked up a
carrot, held it up
before the doctor's face and snapped it in half.  "If
you don't go away,
something else is going to get broken, and then where
will you be?"
she threatened.
        Dr. Clay smiled.  "I do enjoy a good challenge,"
he said as he walked off.
        "Wow, what a funny, little man," Mihoshi
observed.  Ryoko glared at her.
        Mihoshi said, "You know, Ryoko, that's the same
way the red-haired elf that I found in the basement
looked at me."
        "What are you talking about?" Kiyone sighed.
        "The little elf, the one that froze the
snakes..."
Kiyone and Ryoko ignored her and went back to work.
        Meanwhile, Ayeka had managed to corner Tenchi,
and the two of them were
walking through the market together.  Ayeka walked very
close to Tenchi,
but he walked stiffly, appearing very nervous.
        "Miss Ayeka," Tenchi began, leading her to a
nearby booth, "have you ever had chocolate?  It's very
good."  He picked up a small square of candy and offered
it to her.  Ayeka looked at it, but rather than take the
candy from Tenchi's hand, she closed her eyes and opened
her mouth.
Tenchi looked at her in disbelief for a moment and began
to sweat.  He
held the candy between his index finger and his thumb
and tossed it in
the direction of Ayeka's open mouth.  The chocolate hit
her square in
the eye.
"OUCH!" Ayeka exclaimed.  For a second, she looked to
Tenchi as though
she intended to strike him, but quickly she recovered
herself and smiled
demurely at him.
        Tenchi laughed nervously.  "Miss Ayeka," he
said, "there, uh, was something I had to ask you."
Ayeka's amethyst eyes looked at him hopefully.  "Yes,
Lord Tenchi?"
"My grandfather is anxious to get to know the courtiers
better, and he
wanted to know if you and your uncle would join him for
tea in two days?"
        Ayeka's face fell, "Oh, why, of course we can
come."  Just then the two approached the vegetable stand
where Ryoko was working.  "Would you like to see our
vegetable stand, Lord Tenchi?" she asked.
        "Uh, sure Miss Ayeka," he replied.  She slipped
her arm in his and lead him to the stand.  Ryoko had
been on her knees gathering up some carrots that had
fallen and placing them into a basket.  She stood up
with the basket in her arms just as Tenchi and Ayeka
approached.  She gasped and quickly tossed the basket of
carrots in the air.  Ryo Ohki meowed loudly and pounced
on Tenchi's head.  Ryoko ran from the stand, her heart
pounding.  Mihoshi and Kiyone quickly stepped in front
of Tenchi, so that he could not see Ryoko running away.

        "What do you think you are doing?" Ayeka
demanded.  She grabbed Ryo Ohki from Tenchi's head and
hurled the cabbit at Kiyone.
        "Meow!"  Ryo Ohki hissed at her.
        "Well, I think what we're doing is selling
vegetables," Mihoshi
replied.
        Ayeka glared at Mihoshi before turning her
attention back to Tenchi.
"Please excuse our servants.  They are not the best, but
they have been
with us so long, they're like family.  We could never
let them go."
        "That's very good of you, Miss Ayeka," Tenchi
replied.  He looked at
Mihoshi and Kiyone and scratched his head in confusion.
        "Weren't there three of you here a moment ago?"
he asked.
        "Yes," Mihoshi answered.
        "No," Kiyone said at the same time.
        Tenchi looked even more perplexed.  Kiyone dug
Mihoshi in the ribs.
She leaned forward and whispered to the prince, "She's
delusional,
sire.  She has an imaginary friend."
        "Oh, gee, I'm sorry," Tenchi said
sympathetically.
        "Come, Lord Tenchi, there's so much more to see
at the market," Ayeka said, taking his hand.  Tenchi
followed her, but he looked back at the two servants as
though he were still not quite sure what had happened.
Ryoko approached Kagato's bedroom carrying his tea.
Kagato did not seem to hear her.  He was at his desk,
intent on the book he was reading.  She was tired.  The
rest of the household had already retired to bed.  Ryoko
quietly placed the tea tray on a table and tried to
sneak out unnoticed, but before she could reach the
threshold of the door, Kagato said her name.
"Ryoko."  He called her back.  She turned around.  The
room was very dark, the only light coming from the
orange flames of the fire in the fireplace.  Kagato
stood up.  He walked over to a chair by the fireplace
and sat down.  He undid his ponytail, his long hair
falling around his shoulders.  Ryoko knew he wanted her
to brush his hair.  She said nothing, just picked a
brush up from the dresser.
Kagato said, "Soon, Ayeka will marry the prince and I
will be a member of the Royal House of Jurai."  Ryoko
slid the brush through his hair with long strokes.  He
chuckled softly, "Imagine, all the power in the royal
family and they would have it passed down to that simple
boy."
The flames of the fire flickered, making strange shapes
on the walls of the room.  Ryoko continued brushing his
hair.
"Can you imagine all that power, Ryoko?"  He answered
his own question, "Of course you can't."  Then abruptly,
he reached up over his head and seized her wrist.  At
his touch, her body stiffened.  He gently pulled her in
front of him and pressed his hand on her shoulder.  She
dropped to her knees.
He gazed at her and said, "Pity you never knew your
mother."
Ryoko had never heard Kagato speak of her mother like
this.
"What was she like?" she asked softly.
"She was very clever indeed," he replied.  "Your mother
was a genius."  He stared at Ryoko.  He ran his
forefinger down her chin.
"I wonder if there is any of her in you?" he murmured.
His finger strayed to the collar of her kimono.   The
fire was hot against Ryoko's back.  The light from the
flames moved over Kagato's face.  His eyes gleamed.
"No," he said, "there is none of her in you.  She was
brilliant and you, well, how can I put this?  You are
altogether lacking in intelligence."  Kagato laid his
hand against her cheek and then drew her chin up so that
she was looking directly at him.  He leaned toward her.
His face was very close to hers.
He whispered, "No, you are not student material, you
really are," he paused, "built for... physical labor."
He was so close to her, his eyes seemed enormous.  She
could feel his breath on her face.  Suddenly, despite
the fire, she felt deathly cold.  His hand against her
skin was icy.  She gasped and pulled away from him.  She
stumbled to her feet.  Kagato grinned evilly.  Ryoko
turned and ran from the room.  She could hear his
maniacal laughter following her as she fled to the
kitchen.
