Disclaimer: In no way do I own, nor did I create the following chatacters.
Tenchi Muyo is the property of AIC/Pioneer. Evil Dead and, Evil Dead II:
“Dead by dawn” are both owned (Im guessing) by Renaissance Pictures.  Army
of Darkness is owned by Universal Pictures And all three movies were created
and directed by the great Sam Raimi. Evil Dead: “Hail to the King” is owned
by Renaissance Pictures and is exclusively licensed to THQ inc. Please don’t
sue me for I have no income to speak of anyway. :)

Author’s notes:
This is my first FF so please...be HARSH with your C&C so I can learn from
my mistakes! My first FF combines the comedy and action of Tenchi Muyo, with
the twisted gore and horror of the Cult Classic, Evil Dead. This FF will be
much more enjoyable if the reader is a fan of both Tenchi Muyo, and Evil
Dead. If you have never even heard of the Evil Dead movies...don’t worry!
Ash explains the whole story below. Well....I hope you enjoy this first
installment which is kinda(but not really) an introduction to the actual
story. Expect a least 6 more chapters (which will probably be longer than
this one)

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        A chainsaw armed man floats aimlessly through a limbo of time. He
wears a
light-blue long sleeve button up shirt, dark brown corduroy pants, black
loafers and, a strange harness wrapped about his chest and back. He clutches
a sawed-off double barrel shotgun in his left hand. Blood covers a good part
of his tattered clothes, his face is littered with cuts and scratches, and
he has a grey streak in his hair on the left side of his head. He is rather
unconscious at the moment.

Suddenly a bright light appears and a rift in time opens up. The man is
sucked in and taken to another time. He regains consciousness just has he
appears above a large house, at night, somewhere in Japan.

“What the?....Where the hell am I?!” he says.

Still not fully awake he looks down to see he is falling toward the house.

“Not again! Yaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!”

He comes crashing down through the roof above the kitchen and lands flat on
his back on the kitchen table. With a painful groan he coughs due to having
the wind knocked out of him from the fall.

*Elsewhere*

Up in the bed rooms, Tenchi and the others are jarred awake by the noise in
the kitchen
“Ahhh!...Wha, what was that?! Tenchi says, As he jumps out of bed.

In her lab Washu is rather peeved at the racket and quickly goes out to
investigate. As she leaves her lab she complains “Ohhh what are those two
doing now?!” Thinking it’s Ayeka and Ryoko in one of their fights over
Tenchi.

*Back in the kitchen*

The man hears the slam of a door and instantly jumps to his feet.
“My shotgun...where is it?” He frantically feels around on the floor for it
in the pitch dark room. He grabs pieces of shingle, ceiling, and wood before
he finds his gun and a sigh of relief comes over him. He hears someone
walking toward the kitchen and immediately points his shotgun toward the
doorway. “I’ve been through too much crap, to let my guard down now! That
damn book is doing this!” he thinks to himself in a panic.

The instant he sees something moving in the door way he fires his gun.
BLAM!!! “Ahhhhhhh!!!” Yells a young man’s voice.

Washu turns on the kitchen light and is surprised at the stranger in their
house. Tenchi stands petrified with fear as a hole in the wall from the
shotgun lays inches from his head. By now everyone is headed for the kitchen
to see what is going on.

“Who are you people!? Where am I....when am I!?.” The man demands.

“Who are we?! You came through our ceiling! Now, who are you, and what
business do you have here?!” Yells Washu.

Everyone is now in the kitchen and staring at the strange man who attacked
Tenchi.

“Hey! Just who do you think you are, attacking Tenchi like that?!” Yells
Ryoko.

The man started “L, look I don’t  want any trouble so I’ll just...” CLANG!

Someone hits him in the back of the head with a frying pan and he falls to
the ground out cold.
Sasami stands, frying pan in hand “Nobody messes up my kitchen!” she says.

“What should we do with him?” Tenchi says.

“Hmmm from the looks of him this man has been through a lot. Put him on the
couch, and get some water we will need to clean those wounds.”  Yoshou said.

What!?! we’re going to take care of him? He attacked Tenchi!!” Exclaimed
Ryoko and, Ayeka.

“He attacked out of fear...something has really shocked his system. We
should try to help him.” Yoshou explains.

“Well if you say so grandpa.” Tenchi says.

*The next morning*

The man slowly awakes to see Sasami, Mihoshi, and Ryooki looking down on
him.  At first he panics with a gasp of surprise, but he soon relaxes
realizing he’s in no danger. He is lying in the livingroom on the couch. He
is wearing some of Tenchi’s close and he notices his chainsaw and shotgun
are gone.

“Uh....hi, I’m Mihoshi, this is Sasami, and that’s Ryooki....what’s your
name?” Mihoshi smiles.
“.....The names Ashley, just call me Ash....where....am I?” Ash said, quite
disoriented.
“Your in Japan.” said Sasami.
“Japan?...Geez!. What year is it?” asked Ash.
“It’s 2001, didn’t you know?” Said Mihoshi.
“25 years in the future! That stupid book brought me 25 years in the future
to Japan?! Oh man when is this gonna end!”  Ash said very frustrated.
“Book? What are you talking about?”  Sasami asked a bit confused.

“Exactly what I would like to know.” Ash turns to see a short redhead
looking at him. “I am Washu, the greatest scientific genius in the
universe!”

“Is that so?” Ash says. These people all have weird Japanese names, and they
put him in these weird clothes.  Ash can only wonder what this Washu wants
but they haven’t given him a reason to run yet so he’ll play along.
“Aren’t you a little young to be the greatest scientific genius in the
universe?” Ash said sarcastically.

Outraged Washu yells. Hey! You may not know it by looking at me but I'm
20,000 years old!”

Sasami. Mihoshi, and Ryo-oki all  laugh.
Ash laughs “Ok, ok lets get this over with.”
“Fine then, lets go to my lab so we can talk.” said Washu.

*In the Kitchen*

Tenchi is cleaning up the mess from Ash’s fall. Nobuyuki is on the roof
fixing the large hole above the kitchen. “Where’s your grandfather he should
be helping us clean this up.” whines Nobuyuki.

“Huh? Oh I think grandpa is with Washu. Their talking with that strange man,
trying to find out where he came from.” said Tenchi.

Sasami walks in hearing their conversation. “His name is Ash, he told me and
Mihoshi that he’s from the past and some book pulled him through time and he
ended up here.”
Ryoko phases through the wall. “What are you three talking about hmm?” She
says.
“Oh Ryoko I was just telling Tenchi and Nobuyuki about Ash.” said Sasami

Ash huh? That’s his name...I don’t trust em...... Ryoko thinks to herself.

“Hmm weird name, Ash?” said Nobuyuki.
“ What a weird story, a book sent him through time? Well Wasu and grandpa
will find out the whole story. I’m sure it will make more since then” said
Tenchi.

“Yeah....I feel kinda sorry for him. I kinda feel bad for hitting him over
the head with that frying pan.” Said Sasami.
“Miya!” Ryooki appeared at Sasami’s feet “Miya, Miyaaa!” said Ryooki.
“Oh I forgot, you were there too Ryooki.” Sasami laughs at the cute little
cabbit.
“Well, I better get back to work.” Tenchi smiles.
“Yeah, the sooner you finish the sooner I can cook!” Said Sasami.
“Oh Tenchi, do you have to work all day? I wana spend some time with you!”
Ryoko says as she pounces on Tenchi
“ehhhh Hey stop it Ryoko! I want to get this done I’m starving!”  Tenchi
complained.

Sasami and Nobuyuki laugh.

Ayeka hearing the commotion runs in the room “Ryoko! What do you think your
doing?! Get your filthy hands off Tenchi!”
Ryoko holds Tenchi even tighter “I’m going to help Tenchi clean up the
kitchen so we can be together the rest of the day!” she says.
“If he was going to spend time with anyone it most certainly would not be
with a monster like you!” Yelled Ayeka.
“Oh yeah!?!” said Ryoko
“yeah!” Ayeka yells.
Tenchi whimpers “Come on now quit fighting and let me get this kitchen
cleaned up you two.”
“You stay out of this!” Ayeka and Ryoko both yell.
Tenchi just puts his broom down and sits on the floor with a hopeless look
on his face. “I’ll never get to eat.” he sighs.

Sasami laughs. Royko and Ayeka continue fight as they do just about every
day.

*Washu’s Lab*

        Ash tells Washu and Yosho the whole story about his fight against
the evil
of the Necronomicon ex Mortis. Roughly translated, the Book of the Dead.
The book is said to be a passageway to the evil worlds beyond. It was
written long ago, when the seas ran red with blood. It was this blood that
was used to ink the book.  It’s bound in human flesh and contains ancient
Samarian burial rights and demon resurrection passages. It was written by
The Mad Poet, Abdul Alzeez of Damascus who translated the texts of the Dark
Ones.

“It all started back in that damn cabin. Me, my girlfriend Linda, my sister,
and some friends of ours went out to this remote cabin in the woods for a
little vacation.  We found this tape recorder and stupidly played it. We
didn’t know then that it would be the biggest mistake we had ever made. The
recording was of a Prof. Raymond Nobi’s research on the translation of the
book. The prof started to read some kind of passage from the book and that’s
when the evil in the woods awoke. First it took my sister, then my friends,
and finally...the evil took my Linda...

After fighting for my life against my former friends and family the evil
possessed me but for only a moment as the sun drove the evil away. Then the
evil thought it would be funny to possess my hand. I was forced to lop it
off at the wrist. As if things couldn’t get any worse the Prof’s daughter
Annie showed up looking for her father. She accused me of killing her mother
and father and some big dumb hick she was with threw me down in the fruit
seller. The prof’s dead wife emerged from the earthen ground of the fruit
seller and was going to swallow my soul. Annie got me out of there just in
time. After that it wasn’t long before the evil killed the hick, his
girlfriend, and Annie’s boyfriend.  Annie discovered a way to be rid to the
evil. In the pages of the book it told of a portal in time that will suck
the evil to another time. She read the passages and then was killed soon
afterwards The portal got rid of the evil alright but the rift didn’t close
and I got sucked in too.

Next thing I know im in medieval England 1300 ad. Leading an army against an
Army of Darkness lead by an evil and much less handsome copy of me. We
defeated the Deadite army and I got a one-way ticket back to my own time,
via some fancy potion and a chant of three words which im pretty sure I said
right....Anyway it still wasn’t over. After that I started having horrible
nightmares. My new girl Jenny thought we should go back to the cabin. She
said it would be good to face my fears...big mistake.  The evil took Jenny
and I had to save her. I defeated hellish hillbillies, a demonic troop a
Wolverine scouts, countless deadites, medieval Damascus skeleton warroirs,
and yet another evil copy of me before I rescued Jenny. Opening another
portal was the only way to get rid of the evil again. So I said the passages
and the time warp opened sucking the evil in and me with it. Suddenly I
appeared above your house, and that’s how I got here” Ash sighed in
despondency at all the memories of his horrid adventure.

Washu and Yosho are at a loss for words. They sit dumbfounded, still trying
to fathom such a terrible story.
“You have been through a lot...I am sorry for all the people you have lost”
Yosho said.

“....I’m going to do some checking up on this Necronomicon. If you came to
this time, that means the evil you have been fighting has come here also.”
Washu said as she began typing away at her computer.

“I’m sorry for bringing the evil here...” said Ash.

“It’s not your fault, you had no choice. Now I bet you could use something
to eat hmm? Lets go see if Tenchi and Nobuyuki are done repairing the
kitchen.” Yosho said.

*Back in the kitchen*

Tenchi and his father have been working on the kitchen all day. Tenchi ate
some of Ryooki’s carrots to tide him over. The cabbit was happy to share.
Ryoko is up in the rafters of the livingroom as usual taking a midday nap.
Sasami has been in the kitchen all day as well, playing with Ryooki and
helping Tenchi when ever she can. Ayeka is relaxing in a nice bath, thinking
of what a strange morning it was. Mihoshi is sitting in the livingroom
reading a book...or trying to anyway.

The door to Washu’s lab opens out of which emerges Yosho and Ash. Mihoshi
looks up from her book, watching Ash as he walks with Yosho to the kitchen.
Ash looks at her briefly and gives a small yet friendly smile and continues
on into the kitchen.
Mihoshi notices his right hand is gone. Gee..I wonder how that happened...
she thinks to herself.

Ryoko opens one eye and keeps it on Ash as he passes through the living
room. I guess Yosho and Washu know all about him now...I’ll have to hear his
story before I decide to trust him.... She thinks and closes her eye again.

Ash is greeted by Sasami with a big smile as soon as he enters the kitchen.
He smiles back awkwardly. Obviously he feels he has no business being here
in the Masaki house as all he’s done so far is destroy their kitchen, and
nearly kill Tenchi. You cant blame him for his actions though, he hasn’t had
a moments peace since him and his friends fist released the evil in the
woods.

Yosho is the first to speak just to break the ice. “Ash, this my grandson
Tenchi.”

“Oh hi! It’s nice to meat you...Mr.Ash” Tenchi extends his hand in greeting
but then notices Ash has no right hand and quckly extends his other hand. He
laughs oddly as if to say sorry.

“You can just call me Ash, no need for that Mr. stuff” Ash shakes Tenchi’s
hand and then looks around the room not really knowing what to do next.
“Uh...sorry about before...you know the whole shooting at you thing.” Ash
says in a sincere tone.

“Oh don’t worry about it, I understand.” Tenchi oddly laughs again as if to
say I don’t really understand but it’s ok.

Nobuyuki approaches Ash “Hello Im Nobuyuki, Tenchi’s father!”
Ash shakes his hand and Sasami suddenly speaks. “I hope your hungry! Im
cooking a big dinner!” She laughs and starts getting ready to cook as most
of the kitchen is repaired.
“Yeah I am pretty hungry. I haven’t eaten in....well...I cant remember the
last time I ate anything.” Ash says with a little of his uneasiness rolling
of like the words off his tongue. He smiles and for the first time since he
got here he feels relaxed.

*Later that night*

Ash sits in the livingroom eating things he had never even heard of before!
Except for the occasional noodle or vegetable everything else was
unrecognizable to him.  Nonetheless it was good food and he was quite
hungry.

In the kitchen everyone else, with the exception of Washu was sitting at the
table. Eveyone is a little uncomfortable about Ash sitting in the living
alone. Everyone except for Ayeka and Ryoko who still really don’t trust him,
for the simple fact that he attacked Tenchi the other night.

Tenchi looks at his grandfather. “Shouldn’t we ask him to come in here and
eat with us?”

Yosho keeps his eyes on his plate and replies” He doesn’t feel he belongs
here, we shouldn’t force him.”

“Well he doesn’t belong here, if you ask me he should go back where he came
from.” Ryoko said sternly. Ayeka silently agreed with a nod.

“What’s with you two? You don’t even know how he got here.” Tenchi said
scoldingly.

“Thats right you don’t know his story....I will tell it to you all after
dinner...” Yosho said with a dry tone.
Ryoko and Ayeka were silent for the remainder of the meal.

Back in the living room Ash is approached by Washu. “Ash, could you come
into my lab? There’s something I think you need to see.”
Ash nods in compliance. He would have spoke but his mouth was full of food.
So he got up from his meal and followed Washu to her lab.

Back in the kitchen everyone is done eating so Yosho starts to tell Ash’s
story to everyone, all listening with great curiosity.

Meanwhile in Washu’s lab.
Washu is sitting in her chair and she types a few commands into the computer
and some kind of holoprojection of a big red spot in space appears. With
great concern across her face she says “Ash...I think I found your book.”

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Author’s second notes:
I know there are probably some problems with how the paragraphs are
setup(among other things) but that’s why I need any and all C&C .
E-mail me at ragnor27@hotmail.com with ANY comment you may have. :)
Also, I’m not totally clear on the structural interior of the Masaki
house so I hope the roof is directly above the kitchen.
There could be a room above the kitchen I’m not sure.
If I’m right, great! If not...boy do I feel stupid! :)