<--Basic Disclaimer.  Tenchi Muyo and all characters therein are property of
AIC and Pioneer.  Deacon Briars and the Infinites are property of the
Infinity Writing Staff (of which I'm a member).  Please visit the World 
of the Infinites at the following URL:

www.geocities.com/backspaced.geo/index.html

Once again, I must protest the "Submit only in txt. format" rule.  
It would be so much simpler to send HTML or Word formats.  Oh well, 
can't change the world be bitching...
:-(
-->



Part Two: No Need for a Fight Scene!

As Tenchi came to, what he saw was a shock.  There was that strange man again, 
only staring out towards the house.  Tenchi then saw Ryoko and Ayeka storm out, 
looking very angry.  /What's going on?,/ Tenchi thought.  /Are the girls going 
to attack the stranger?  Why?/  As Tenchi tried to figure out what was 
happening, he saw the man take 
off his black overcoat.  He saw the odd red-black bodysuit he wore, as well as 
an assortment of weapons strapped to his body.  The stranger grabbed two 
pistols, yelled out "I don't know how this crap got started, but I'm ending it 
right now!" and started to march out to the two ladies.  "Excuse me sir," Tenchi 
asked, trying to make sense of all 
this, "What are you doing?"  The man turned to him with a tired look on his 
face.  "You're Tenchi, right?"  As Tenchi nodded, the stranger continued, "Kid, 
you'd better get out of here.  Your two friends over there want to rip me 
apart."  "What!  Why would they want to.wait here, sir.  I'll try to reason with 
them."  

As Tenchi went over to the two fuming ladies, Deacon had to admit to himself, 
the kid had guts.  He didn't know anyone else brave or foolhardy enough to risk 
his neck getting between two superpowered, furious ladies and their intended 
victim.  As the kid got over 
to the girls and started talking, Deke prepared himself for one of the 
inevitable conclusions:

	The kid would somehow talk the girls out of ripping his head off, and then 
Deke would apologize and leave.
	But most likely, the kid would fail, the girls would attack, and Deke 
would have to either run or fight.

Tenchi ran over to the two violence-obsessed girls and tried to reason with 
them.  "Girls, look I'm okay.  Whatever the guy did, I'm fine, I'm sure it was 
nothing.  Don't fight!  Please leave him be."

Ryoko teleported over to Tenchi and enveloped him in a bone-crushing glomp.  "Oh 
my darling Tenchi, you're all right! That bad man didn't harm you, did he?  Let 
me check."

"Unhand yourself from Lord Tenchi right now!"  Ayeka yelled as Ryoko tried to 
fondle Tenchi.  "He's had a very traumatic experience, and doesn't need you 
adding on to things!  Now then, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka continued, "just where did 
the knave hurt you?  Was it here."

"Ayeka!"

Deacon stood in the field and watched as the girls decided to play grab-ass with 
the poor kid.  Perhaps he could just sneak off while they did whatever.  He 
downed a quick swallow of blood from his flask for strength while the two girls 
continued to feel the kid up.

"Girls, please, cut it out!  Quit touching me!"  Tenchi screamed.  As the two 
girls got off him, he continued.  "Look, I'm fine, okay?"

Ryoko expressed her joy.  "That's great!  We'll celebrate this after I rip that 
bastard's head off!" as she turned towards the distant Deacon.

Tenchi quickly intervened.  "No Ryoko!  Leave him alone!  I think all he wants 
is to leave here.  Whatever he did to me, I'm sure it was in self-defense."

Ayeka cut in, "Whether or not it was intentional or self-defense isn't the 
point, Lord Tenchi.  He did something wrong to you, and for hurting my 
betrothed, he must suffer the consequences."

"No, Ayeka!  There's something, I don't know, weird about him.  Let's just leave 
him be.  Right Ryoko?  Ryoko?"  Tenchi looked around, but the space pirate was 
nowhere to be found.  Now, where could she be.oh no!  He thought as he turned 
towards the stranger standing in the field.  He knew that that guy was in for a 
world of trouble.  He yelled 
out.

Deacon stood and watched the three argue.  No doubt the kid was trying his 
hardest to keep the two girls from his head.  As he talked, one of them, Ryoko, 
he believed her name was, just vanished from sight.  As he saw the kid, Tenchi, 
turned in shock, Deke sighed.  Figured I'd had to fight, he sadly thought.  His 
thoughts were confirmed when 
the kid yelled out, "Mister, look out!"  As Deke readied his guns, he tried to 
locate the missing Ryoko.  Suddenly, she appeared above him, energy sword at 
hand.  "Prepare to die!" she yelled as she swooped down for the kill.  Deacon's 
reflexes took over as his guns went up towards the target.

And his guns sounded their thunder.

Deacon watched as the bullets didn't do jack to Ryoko.  Either she's got some 
kind of force field up or she can fight with bullets in her.  It's never easy. 
Deke narrowly dodged out of the way as Ryoko blasted the area where he once 
stood.  "Come on you bastard," she cried out, "quit delaying the inevitable and 
die!"  Deacon felt his anger 
begin to well up within him.  So, Superbitch wants a fight?  No problem.  

Ryoko looked at the meatbag as he charged at her.  She saw him yell out a 
battlecry and saw his upper teeth lower to form fangs.  "Come on!  You want me?  
Come get me!" he yelled as he leapt into the air, guns blasting.  Ryoko felt the 
bullets disintegrating as they hit her forcefield as she flew at him.

Deke realized that his guns weren't having any noticeable effect on the bitch, 
so he'd have to try a different tactic.  However, his plans changed when he saw 
a little wooden cylinder materialize in front of him.  Realizing what those 
things could do, Deacon quickly dodged out of the way before the thing blasted 
the area where he just stood with 
electric fire.  Deke knew then that the other one, Ayeka, was joining in the 
fight.

Sure enough, there she was, running into the fray with a rather large spear.  
"Prepare to die!"  She yelled.  Well yip-freaking-ee, Deke thought, more fun.

Tenchi couldn't stop Ayeka from charging towards the man.  As she yelled a death 
threat towards the stranger, Tenchi heard Ryo-Ohki's mewing in fear.  Tenchi 
also felt a tinge of dread.  He knew that a normal man would be slain if he 
pissed off both Ryoko and Ayeka, but the stranger didn't seem to be normal.  He 
moved with a strange fluidness and speed, and had a savagery in him that matched 
Ryoko's.  He took cover next to Ryo-Ohki in a deep ditch and hoped that no 
serious harm would occur.

As Ayeka ran towards the stranger, she saw him turn towards her and smile 
wickedly, revealing two fangs.  "Hey Ayeka!" the stranger yelled out, "Are you 
bulletproof?"   Ayeka soon realized that she was in big trouble, and just 
managed to dodge the shots the man fired off.  "I guess not." The stranger 
taunted.

Deke strode towards the girl, ready to take her out.  His rage was bubbling up, 
but he vowed to try to control himself, to stop her without killing her.  
"Little girl with a spear, don't you know that fighting a man with a gun is 
incredibly stupid and highly dangerous?  
If that was the best you could do, you should have left me alone." Deke got 
ready to give her a dash and bite when he heard a crackling sound.  He turned to 
see a wooden cylinder sparking with energy.  Deke dodged the brunt of the blast 
but got his shoulder singed.  As he grabbed his shoulder in reflex, he heard the 
girl's response, "You shouldn't have tried to attack a Juraian Princess when 
you're only using guns!  Azaka!  Kamadake!  To me!"  Deke saw those two large 
pillars materialize in front of Ayeka, forming a shield.  "Your orders, 
princess?"  One of the pillars asked.  "Destroy the intruder!" Ayeka yelled.

Ayeka used Kamadake as a shield while Azake charged up for an attack.  Soon, the 
knave will be brought down, she gloated.  So confident was she that she didn't 
notice Ryoko sneaking up behind the stranger, or that the stranger knew about 
the attempt.  Her gloating turned to mute shock as the man suddenly threw 
something at Azake that made him shake and sputter, uttering "Damage!  Damage!" 
then the man blurred away from 
Kamadake's blast, which charred Ryoko.  Ayeka shrieked when the man reappeared, 
slam tackling Azake to the ground.  She saw him pull out a large machete from 
Azake's shell, then saw the horrible look on his face.  The now red eyes, the 
fangs, the nasty smirk on his face, this was the face of a monster.  The monster 
gave a nasty chuckle towards her then blurred away.

Deacon had to appreciate his adamantium "toothpick".  Not any blade could easily 
carve through that thing, whatever it was.  He then charged towards the 
recovering Ryoko.  If he could hurt them enough, they would not be able to track 
him when he ran again.  He saw his target grin and charge herself up.  "You 
think that little thing can hurt me?  Prepare to fry, freak!"  She yelled as she 
blasted an energy blast at Deacon.  Deke easily dodged and slashed at her.

Ryoko easily evaded the attack as she charged up for another blast.  "If your 
guns couldn't stop me, what chance will your widdle sword do?" she taunted the 
goon, only to hear a thump.  She looked down to see her hand lying on the 
ground.  "The hell?"  She exclaimed.  That damn blade wasn't normal, just like 
that fanged freak.  "Okay then!  No 
more playing around!  Now I'm really mad!"

Deacon saw Ryoko picked up her severed hand and reattached it.  He quickly 
looked around the battlefield, seeing the damage they had wrought.  The girl 
Ayeka was mobilizing behind her two pillars, which were approaching along with a 
lot of little cylinders.  Ryoko was floating towards him with a grim look on her 
face.  "I don't suppose you ladies would let me walk away from here, would you?"  
Deke asked.  
Although he knew what the answer would be, a small part of him still wanted to 
just leave.  However, he knew his answer would be answered when the two charged.  
Oh well, he thought, might as well go out in a blaze of glory.

He charged at his enemies, one gun blasting at Ryoko, the other at the pillar 
Ayeke was hiding behind.  As he ran, he felt like time was slowing down, as if 
they were fighting in slow motion.  He could almost swear that he could see his 
bullets move..

Tenchi and Ryo-Ohki cowered in the trench, hearing the cries, shouts, blasts, 
and gunfire of battle.  Then, suddenly, silence.  He saw Ryo-Ohki peep out from 
the trench, then started meowing, as if beaconing Tenchi to follow.  What he saw 
shocked Tenchi.  There was Ryoko, Ayeka, her two guardians, and the stranger, 
frozen in time.  As he got closer, 
he saw the bullets the man fired floating in midair.  "This is getting weirder 
and weirder," 
Tenchi said.

To Be Continued..

On the Next Episode:
Well, that certainly got out of hand!  Who is this stranger?  How can one man 
fend off both Ryoko and Ayeka?  What the heck froze them?  Answers will be 
revealed in Tenchi Muyo!  No Need for ... Vampires?!?! Part Three: No Need for 
Explanations!  See you later!

Comments?  E-Mail me at dwendorf@usa.net
