Disclaimer: In no way do I own, nor did I create the following characters.
Tenchi Muyo is the property of AIC/Pioneer. Evil Dead and, Evil Dead II:
“Dead by dawn” are both owned (Im guessing) by Renaissance Pictures.  Army
of Darkness is owned by Universal Pictures And all three movies were created
and directed by the great Sam Raimi. Evil Dead: “Hail to the King” is owned
by Renaissance Pictures and is exclusively licensed to THQ inc. Please don’t
sue me for I have no income to speak of anyway. :)

Author’s notes:
Well the story only gets darker from here folks so strap yer selves in for a
twisted ride. Well there will be moments of comedy and love but...you get
what im sayin! The 2nd installment really gets the story rolling, with some
strange occurrences and new friends. Enjoy :) I’ll have the 3rd chapter
finished A.S.A.P.      !WARNING!:Certain parts of this fic are pretty gory
so if ya don’t like that kinda stuff......read it anyway! lol

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Somewhere in the blackness of space an artifact of untold evils lies
dormant. It is the Book of the Dead. To spread it’s plague among those of
the living it searches for a soul made only of the blackest nature. It
scours the darkest pits of the underworld, and finally finds what it seeks.
>From the twisting anguish of the damned, a soul is called forth. The power
of the book beckons it to come forward. As the soul crosses from it’s world
to ours it screams in pain and a huge flash of energy is discharged.

The flash can be seen from certain parts of the earth, including Japan,
America, China, and Russia. The Hubble picks up the disturbance and
inadvertently catches some pictures of it’s source. International
telecommunications, and other systems start to malfunction and shutdown do
to the discharge in space. In America the Pentagon immediately goes on alert
as do many other countries, in fear that this sudden explosion of energy is
some kind of attack from opposing nations. The world is thrown into utter
chaos in a matter of seconds as computers systems begin to crash world wide.

The soul twists and stirs as it materializes into its former form, that of a
man. The last thing this man remembers is being defeated by the one called
Tenchi Masaki of the royal family of Jurai. How the man hated and loathed
Tenchi, and the one called Yosho, the first crown prince of Jurai. In fact
he hated all of Jurai and would love nothing more than to see it all burn
down!!! He would do anything to see the house of Jurai destroyed. It was
this hate that the book used to mold and shape this man to it’s will. The
book cannot completely control the man as he has his own powers that rival
those of the book.

This man was once called Kagato, an infamous criminal. Known for collecting
and destroying famous and treasured relics and other things of great
importance. Kagato now serves as a bringer of chaos and the only thing he
wishes to do is find those of  Jurai and make them suffer. Kagato looks the
same as he did before he died except for a few differences. His eyes are
blank white, void of any irises or color. His skin is still white but it now
has a faint tent of green. His clothes are tattered and the colors are faded
as if they have been bleached.

The Necronomicon floats over to Kagato and opens. He takes the book in his
hands and starts to read it. Somehow, he is able to read the ancient text as
if it were a second language to him. He begins a silent laugh that echos
through out the unforgiving coldness of the universe as he reads on.

*Back at Washu’s lab*

“This red anomaly suggests a high concentration of energy.” Washu explained
and pointed at the holoprojection “I scanned the energy sequences further to
discover that the force that is causing this gathering of power is
disrupting the fabric of the surrounding space. Whatever is emanating this
energy, is not natural.” Washu says and takes a sip of hot tea which she had
gotten from the kitchen earlier. Just then the entire lab shakes and Washu’s
computer screen starts to flicker and data starts to spill out onto the
holoprojection. Washu quickly types in a few commands and reads the data to
see what’s  going on. In shock she yells “What?! This is horrible!” The red
blotch on the projection grows twice as big. “Ah...this isn’t good...” She
said looking very worried.

“What is it?” Ash asked.

“The energy has suddenly surged causing a shockwave to travel over the
earth. Every computer system in the world is down! The systems in my lab
nearly shutdown but being in another dimension shielded my equipment from
the effects of the blast.” Washu inspects the red blotch and scans it once
again for any changes in it’s status. “Hm...so that’s why! Something has
crossed over to this world! It took an tremendous amount of energy for
whatever it was to cross over, and when it made it the excess energy was
unloaded into space causing the explosion.”

“Computer systems? You mean computers run the world!?” Ash says quite
confused.

“Oh I forgot your from the past...yes since your time (1976) computers have
progressed and all nations of the world have become quite dependent on
computers to run everything from banks to airplane navigation systems. Now
with all the systems shutting down the world will be thrown into a panic. I
suspect the only reason nuclear weapons aren’t being shot everywhere is
because the navigation systems are fried.” Washu types on her keyboard for a
few moments and sighs in relief. “It seems the nations of the world are
communicating with one another through morris code, I don’t think anyone
will fire warheads.....of course with those Americans you can never be too
careful.....no offence Ash” Washu smiles. “I’ve gotta find out what’s up
there!” she yells.

Ash looks at the red blotch and he gets an odd feeling. “....That is the
book.”he said.

“Your certain of it?” Washu asks

“Yes....I can feel it.” Ash said

“What do you mean feel it?” Washu asked

“I have developed a kind of link to the evil of the book....ever since it
possessed me...I know its up there...” Ash said in a empty voice.

“hmmm, very interesting....” Washu said.

Ash yawned and his eyelids were getting a little heavy.

“You look tired”, said Washu, “Im gonna keep an eye on this thing and tell
you if there are any changes, why don’t you get some sleep.”

“Ok Washu, see you in the mourning.” Ash said as he headed for the door.

“Oh Ash?” Washu started “Call me little Washu! Ok?” She said with a big
smile.

“Oh, ok then.....goodnight little Washu” Ash didn’t feel quite comfortable
calling her that but whatever floats your boat he figured.

“Goodnight Ash...” Washu said with a smile and then turned back to her
computer.

Back in the kitchen Yosho has just finished telling Ash’s story. Everyone is
silent for a moment then Yosho speaks “Well, it’s late, im going to bed.”

The sound of the door to Washu’s lab closing is heard. Ash walks over to the
couch in the living room, everyone from the kitchen watching him pass by on
his way to the couch. Ash lays down and goes to sleep.....

*The next day.*

It’s midday, The sun hangs low in the orange sky and a nice warm breeze
blows in the trees. Ash has been on the couch all day. Sasami and Mihoshi
have been keeping him company most of the time playing games, asking him
questions, and telling jokes. Tenchi is on his way out to tend to the
fields. Ash looks up and feels kinda rotten for just sitting on the couch
all day while Tenchi works.

“Hey Tenchi...you mind if I help with the chores?” Ash asked.

“Well sure if you want to.” Tenchi replies with a smile. Ash goes out with
Tenchi to the fields to help with the crops. Ryo-oki follows close behind in
hopes of getting some carrots. Later in the day in front of the shrine,
Tenchi is sweeping the steps. Ash is sitting on the bottom step. Ash is
still thinking about the Necronomicon. His thoughts soon turn to Ryoko and
Ayeka as Ash notices Ryoko in the distance looking at him. When Ash looks
back at her, Ryoko teleports elsewhere. Ash starts to wonder who those two
girls are.

“Tenchi...who are those two girls that are always fighting?” Ash had been
wondering who they were for awhile.
“Huh?...oh you mean Ryoko and Ayeka...you haven’t met them yet?” asked
Tenchi.
“No...I don’t think they trust me...cant blame them though, heheh.” ~Too bad
I already have a girlfriend...The one with the yellow eyes isn’t bad at
all!~ Ash thinks.
“You’ll have to get used to them. They’ll come around eventually.” Tenchi
laughs.

*Somewhere in space*

Kagato reads about a great trial of atrocities that is to befall unto the
earth. These evens are of biblical proportions and are written as so in the
book:

        One of darkness shall arise from the abyss of damnation. With it
will come
a plague of living nightmares, who’s epidemic will sweep across the world.
The blood of the pure will run freely into the seas and rivers until all is
of blood. What water that is left shall be as black poison, undrinkable and
foul. Fire shall rain down from the skies and all will be shrouded in
darkness for ten years. The dead will inherit the earth and the living shall
become the minority. Natural disasters of such force that they shake the
very heavens will ravage the land and more blood will spill.

Lands to the west will sink into the oceans of red crimson while lands in
the east will burn down to ash and ember.  The very ground will split,
releasing untold horrors to ensue the ever growing chaos. The ones known as
man shall live in never ending pain and disease.  Wretched creatures of
great evil will stand conductors of all this madness, who in turn will be
lead by the damned one.

Kagato stops reading the page, he has read enough to know what he must do.
He thinks of himself as this “damned one” and as such will carry out the
prophecy as written in the book. This is more than just a decision to
fulfill the prophecy. In truth, it is the evil that makes this choice.

*Masaki house, dinner time.*

Once again Ash is in the livingroom eating his dinner, all the while
consumed deeply in his thoughts. ~Why the hell would the Necronomicon be in
space? And when will it attack us.....its not a matter of IF or WILL it’ll
attack us...but when~.....Ash was so wrapped up in his own thoughts he
didn’t notice that Ryoko and Ayeka are standing in front of him. Ash felt
considerably awkward that the two girls have finally decided to say
something to him.

“Uh..hello ladies...?” That’s all he can think to say at the moment.

“Ash, right?...I’m Ryoko...sorry I didn’t introduce myself earlier, I had to
trust you first.” Ryoko said. Ash stood up and shook her hand and bowed.
~They bow in the movies so~... he thinks to himself.

“Greetings, Ash...I am Ayeka. I was also unsure of wether or not to trust
you but after hearing your story...well” Ayeka smiled as she had said too
much. Ash shook her hand as well and bowed once again

“So then...you trust me now? Ash said kinda being a smart ass about it.

“Yes...actually Ryoko and I were wondering if you would like to join us at
the dinner table.” Ayeka said with a smile.

“Uhhhh, sure! Uh I mean I would be honored to eat at your table” Ash also
remembered they like to say honor and honored a lot in those Japanese movies
he had seen.

As Ash enters the dinning room everyone smiles and are glad he decided to
join them. Ryoko and Ayeka go back to their places and Ash finds a place
next to Sasami. Tenchi looks with a smile at Ryoko and Ayeka and turns to
Ash. “I’m glad you decided to eat at the table with us Ash.” He said

“Well, thanks for letting me stay here...” He says, still thinking about the
Necronomicon. Yosho notices the troubled look on Ash’s face.

“What is on your mind Ash?” Said Yosho.

Ash looks around at everyone with a worried look on his face. “I don’t want
to concern anyone or anything, but....the Necronomicon will come here, and
it will try to kill us all.....” Everyone looks at Ash, indeed they are
worried. They hadn’t realized it until Ash said it.

Tenchi looks at Yosho. “Grandpa, what will we do when it comes?” He said
with a nervous tone.

“Why are you asking me? Ash has survived on several occasions against this
Necromonicon. I think we should listen to Ash if we intend to succeed.”
Yosho says quite serious. Ash gets an uncertain look on his face. ~Why it is
always me! Why do I have to mess with that freakin book every time it rears
it’s ugly head?! They don’t know what their asking me to do.....but it seems
I don’t have a choice....that book always seems to find me sooner or later.
I’ll help them....~ Ash thinks to himself

“If your going to fight the evil of the Necronomicon, you’ll need to be
prepared.” Ash starts. Everyone listens as Ash begins to tell them what to
look out for and what to do.

“First, when the book does get here, it will take over the woods. With a
mist, and killer trees, and a number of ugly deadites, the forest will be a
deathtrap to anyone who enters. So, STAY OUT OF THE WOODS.....ok?” Ash
wanting to make it very clear about the danger of the woods.

“Next, be prepared for anything, and I mean ANYTHING. The evil of the book
has a very sick since of humor, causing strange noises, illusions, and will
try in every way to break you of your senses.  Lastly and probably most
importantly, be prepared to fight each other. Anyone can be possessed at any
time. As you all know I have been possessed before. The only thing that
drove the evil away was my love for Linda...that and the sun. So the closer
you all are the better, because the evil will use your love for each other
against you.” Everyone is hanging on every word Ash says. Even Washu has
come out of her lab to hear what he has to say.

“So what have we learned today? Stay out of the woods, try to stay calm, and
be prepared to kill the ones you love.”

“Sounds simple enough.” Ryoko said.

“Simple? And just how do you plan to deal with this simple problem Ryoko?”
Ayeka snapped.

“Easy!, We just send you off into the woods to buy us some time, and then we
think of a way to destroy the book!” Ryoko smiles menacingly.

“Oh really!?, well I hope you don’t get possessed Ryoko, I couldn’t help
seeing you like that.  I would have to put you out of your misery!” Ayeka
snarls as she laughs.

“Well why wait until I get possessed? Lets go right now princess!” Ryoko
shouts.

~Don’t those two take anything seriously?~ Ash thinks.  He then whispers to
Sasami “What are they always fighting about anyway?”

Sasami whispers back “You don’t know? They always fight over Tenchi.”

“Over Tenchi? You mean.......” Ash starts to giggle, then chuckle, then he
breaks out into a loud laugh as Ryoko and Ayeka continue to fight.

“Cut it out you two! This isn’t something to joke about!” Tenchi yells.

“Who said I was joking?” Ayeka sneers. Ryoko glances at Ayeka

“Ayeka!” Tenchi barks.

“Now, now lets calm down everyone. Yosho said

Everyone goes silent and returns to eating except for Ryoko and Ayeka who
are still glaring at each other. And Ash who is slightly red in the face and
still giggling a little.

*Later that night*

Ash tosses and turns in his sleep. His heart rate is rising and sweat starts
to form on his forehead. He lets out a few grunts and groans of discomfort.
Upstairs Sasami also starts to toss and turn. Both Ash and Sasami are having
a nightmare......the same nightmare.

*Inside the Nightmare*

Ash appears back in the cabin surrounded by the undead. Both his Shotgun and
chainsaw are nowhere to be found. He runs to the back of the house in an
attempt to escape the cold hands of the undead. He opens the back door only
to be greeted by more zombies. The undead quickly surround Ash, engulfing
him in walking corpses. As they start to rip the flesh from his body and
feed on his insides he sees Linda and Jenny standing over him smiling.
Suddenly everything goes white and Ash cant see anything.
He eventually regains his vision and realizes he’s back in medieval England.
He is handed a sword by a passing warrior who is running towards the main
gate of the castle. Once again the Deadite army is storming the
castle....only this time the humans are losing. Ash watches in horror as
knights are slaughtered before him left and right. A skeleton with an axe
slashes at a knight cutting his head off. Another warrior falls to his knees
holding his insides in his arms after taking a sword to the belly. More and
more undead fill the castle, pretty soon Ash is the only human left. Evil
Ash enters the castle on his horse and approaches Ash. Without a single word
Evil Ash delivers a deathblow to Ash with his sword. The sword catches Ash
across the face, splitting open his forehead and nose, the cut goes down
though his mouth causing teeth and blood to fly wildly through the air. As
Evil Ash pulls his sword form Ash’s head Ash’s tongue hangs on the tip of
the blade. Once again everything goes white and Ash cannot see.

He appears in a place he has never been before. It seems to be some kind of
modern city of present day technology.....but this city is anything but
normal. The sky is black, no moon no stars. People are running every which
way like they are trying to escape something. Ash walks around in the
streets seeming invisible to the panicking people as he tires to ask many
who run by what is going on but with no answer.

Elsewhere in the same city Sasami has been here during the entire dream
watching events unfold in sheer horror as she cries. When she sees Ash she
is glad to see someone she knows and runs to him.

“Sasami, what’s going on!?” Ash asks
“I, I don’t know.” she says still crying a little.”I just want to go home!”
she yells and gulches onto Ash.

Suddenly all goes silent. The screams of the people, the chaos, everything
happening around Ash and Sasami are suddenly quite as if muted by a remote
control. The sky starts to rain fire and blood quickly starts to fill the
streets, coming about ankle high as Ash and Sasami stand there in terror.
Then a presents is felt...one of great evil stands a short distance from Ash
and Sasami. Staying in the shadows the evil being reveals the Necronomicon
in his arms. Ash’s eyes grow wide at the sight of it and he tires to see the
being's face. Ash doesn’t know who it is, but Sasami does. The being
approaches them revealing his face. It is Kagato and he has the book. Kagato
starts to laugh and abruptly throws the Necronomicon towards Ash and Sasami.
The book opens revealing a mouth with razor sharp teeth. Just as the book is
about to swallow them whole both Ash and Sasami awake screaming “IT’S
COMING!!!!”

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Authors 2nd notes: Ah a nice way to end a chapter eh? lol hope you enjoyed
the 2nd part.
Be back with the 3rd part soon. This is fun! hehehehehe!!!!