All "Tenchi Muyo" references are copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer LD. All "Real 
Ghostbuster" references are copyrighted by DIC.  All your bases are belong to 
us. This is an amateur, non-commercial story which is not produced, approved of, 
or in any way sponsored by the holders of the trademarks/copyrights from which 
this work is derived, nor is it intended to infringe on the rights of these 
holders. Nanny-nanny foo foo.
 
No Need for Consultants!
By Jeff Morris (jeffreysmorris@aol.com)

	As ECTO-1 rolled into the aged, grimy confines of Ghostbuster Central, 
Peter Venkman consulted his watch and sighed. It was 10 in the morning, and most 
of the time, he'd be just waking up from a long, sound sleep in his warm, comfy 
bed with the new Serta Comfort mattress he'd bought a week ago. Winston 
Zeddemore would have just made a fresh pot of coffee, Egon Spengler would be 
puttering around in his lab, Ray Stantz would be bustling around checking the 
equipment, and Janine Melnitz would be down at her desk keeping everything 
running. Lunch was just around the corner, and a hot shower was a definite 
possibility. Life was good.
	Alas, this morning was a different story. He and Winston had gotten two 
calls last night--the first, a "screaming phantom", had turned out to be a 
neighbor's cat up a tree and the other, "loud thumping noises and moaning" had 
been exactly what you thought the minute you heard it. By the time they'd 
returned from that call, the sun had already risen and Janine was on his back, 
demanding that he go out and collect some overdue fees so that they could make 
payroll. Knowing it was never wise to come between a redhead and her paycheck, 
Peter had retrieved "The Persuader", grabbed Winston and headed back to the car.
	"The Persuader" was one of the Ghostbusters' finest inventions. Dreamed up 
by Venkman and built by Stantz, it was basically an empty ghost trap, but a 
little judicious rewiring made it indicate that something nasty was inside. 
Whenever a client balked a bit too long in paying their bill, one of the team 
would head down to the office with "The Persuader" and suggest that, should 
payment not be forthcoming, he might have to open the trap and let the 
imprisoned creature free. Since its advent, "The Persuader" had done a 
remarkable job of keeping Accounts Receivable at an all-time low.
	 "Here," Peter sighed, tossing the receipt bag to Janine. "Five for five."
	"Baby hasn't let us down yet," Winston grinned, putting the fake trap in 
his locker. "You should have seen the look on the guy down at Rockefeller 
Center, Janine. For a second I thought we were going to have to call an 
ambulance."
	"Oh, yeah, I remember that one," Janine chuckled as she sorted through the 
checks. "Took 'em two weeks to clean all the slime off the walls, and another 
two to paint the walls."
	"Better yet," Zeddemore continued, "the visit to Xanacorp paid off even 
better. Not only did David Xanatos himself apologize for the late payment, he 
gave me two box seats for today's game. How about it, Pete? Yankees-Mets, first 
base line at The House That Ruth Built, beautiful summer afternoon. How can you 
say no?" 
	"Through a yawn." Venkman was shambling toward his office area. "I'm beat, 
Zee. I can't go back to sleep in ten seconds like you can. Janine, hold my calls 
and tell the world to go away until I've finished my well-deserved nap."
	"Will do, Doctor Venkman." Janine looked up at Winston and smiled. "As 
much as I'd like to, Winston, I can't. I've got a ton of work to do here, and I 
promised Sharyn we'd go shopping at lunchtime."
	"I do not believe this," Winston grumbled. "Where's Ray? Or even Egon. 
I'll settle for Egon, but I will not let these tickets go to waste."
	"They're downstairs," Janine said. "I don't think they'll go, either. You 
know how worried they've been about the containment lately? Well, they brought 
someone in to take a look at things and see if there's anything that can be 
done."
	"You have got to be kidding me," Zeddemore said. "They found someone who 
not only understands all that weird science stuff but can improve on it? Where 
on Earth did they find this guy?"
	"The Internet, where else?" Janine replied. "And for the record, it's not 
a guy, it's a woman. Kind of. I think."

* * * * *

	"Hmmm." "Uh-huh..." "Yup..." "Hmmm...."
	Ray Stantz glanced over at his best friend and colleague, looking ever so 
slightly worried. "Egon," he whispered, "are you sure about this? I mean, this 
isn't a place for kids, and she's poking around some sensitive equipment."
	"I'm not completely comfortable with this either," Egon Spengler replied 
softly. "But she correctly answered every question I asked her and was able to 
recite precisely how the containment operates just by giving the equipment a 
casual glance."
	"But Egon...she's just a twelve-year old girl..."
	The subject of the conversation turned around. 	"Why, Doctor Stantz," the 
girl said brightly. "You of all people should know not to judge by appearances, 
and it's a wise woman who chooses not to look her age."
By all appearances, she was a bright-eyed girl of about twelve years with an 
incredible tangle of red hair that soared up behind her before plunging down to 
about her knees. She wore a variation of a Japanese schoolgirl's uniform beneath 
a kimono jacket and kept her mess of hair in place with a bright purple ribbon. 
But her body language hinted at a much older soul, and her deep green eyes just 
about confirmed it. There was an ageless wisdom lurking behind them, along with 
something else that made the most secure person just a bit uneasy.
	"Doctor Ray Stantz," Egon said in introduction, "this is Washu. Washu..."
	"Now, now, now," the girl chided. "Doctor Spengler, I told you I'd only 
help on one condition, and you've already violated it." She folded her arms over 
her chest and tapped her foot expectantly. "I'm waiting."
 	Egon sighed heavily. "Ray...this is...'Little Washu'. 'Little Washu', my 
colleague, Doctor Ray Stantz." Washu smiled brightly and offered her hand to the 
Ghostbuster.
	"Pleased to meet you, Little Washu," Ray said, shaking the hand.
	"Pleasure's mine, Doctor Stantz. I've read a number of your entries on 
TobinNet. You've got quite a mind. Don't suppose you'd like to visit my lab in 
Japan sometime? I could use a brain like yours on several experiments I've got 
going!"
	"That...might be nice." For some reason Stantz wasn't sure if she meant 
whether it was his knowledge or his actual brain that she could use. It was 
definitely something in the eyes. He shivered slightly and forced a smile on his 
face. "I have to admit," he continued, "I haven't come across any of your work."
	"Well, when you're the greatest scientific genius in the galaxy and you're 
stuck on this planet with its primitive technology, you tend to lie low," Washu 
replied. "Except, of course, to occasionally make the incredible breakthrough, 
patent it, and make a bundle of money."
	"We wouldn't know," Spengler muttered.
	"At any rate," Washu continued blithely, "I've finished my inspection, and 
I'd say you boys are deep in Ca-Ca Canyon without a burro. Your containment is 
running at over 107 percent capacity, and I'd estimate you have approximately 
four days to find some way to vent the excess energy before you vaporize most of 
Manhattan." Her eyes grew wide and dreamy. "It would truly be something to see," 
she murmured. "The explosion of a lifetime..."
	"Miss...I mean, Little Washu," Egon said, interrupting her reverie, "you 
haven't really told us anything we didn't already know. Can you help us find a 
way to safely reduce the excess paranormal energy?"
	"As a matter of fact, I do have an idea, Doctor Spengler. You see, it so 
happens that I'm currently developing a little pet project that is going to 
require tremendous amounts of energy--amounts significant enough that I'm having 
a difficult time finding a suitable resource. Your PKE would be perfect." She 
leaned forward, her green eyes glinting dangerously. "So, I propose a trade--I 
help you drain your containment, and in return you let me keep the energy. Do we 
have a deal, gentlemen?"
	Ray and Egon traded worried glances, then sighed. "Do we have a choice?" 
Egon asked.
	"Not really, no."

*****

	While Peter normally found a soft, feminine giggle rather pleasant and 
beguiling, he preferred hearing it while fully awake, not while he was trying to 
sleep. Deciding to ignore it, he was just about back to Dreamland when the 
sensation of fingers running through his hair shot through him like a live wire. 
He reluctantly opened his eyes so that he could get this over with and go back 
to sleep.
	A beautiful woman with yellowish cat eyes, a mischievous smile and an 
untamed mane of cyan-colored hair sat floating a foot above his desk. "Hi." Her 
remarkably colorful outfit, which consisted of a loose white dress, red leotard, 
and bold orange and green jacket, displayed her curvaceous assets to full 
advantage as it rippled in the still air-neat trick, that, he had to admit. 
	"Hi." Floating woman attempting to seduce him. Been there, done that, saw 
the movie. Peter closed his eyes again and hoped the girl would get the message.
	Nope. More fingers went running through his hair. Another giggle. "You're 
kinda cute." Pause. "Geez, what happened to all your hair?"
	Peter opened his eyes again. "Do you mind?"
	The girl leaned closer, eyes sparkling with glee. "Not at all, cutie pie. 
My name's Ryoko. What's yours?" She was in a position that gave Peter a clear 
view of her generous cleavage. He had to admit it was pretty impressive, though 
her taste in clothing and color choice ran a bit contrary to the norm. But for 
incredible cleavage he could make allowances. When he was awake, that was.
	"I'm Peter Venkman, and I'm taking a nap. What are you doing here?"
	"Oh, Mom had to make a consultation call here, and I had to come along 
with her," she said with a bored sigh. "She said something about giving Tenchi a 
day of peace-as if he's going to get any with that spoiled princess thinking 
she's got him all to herself." Ryoko scowled at the thought, then sighed again. 
"Now she's downstairs with those two science guys, and I'm stuck up here, and 
I'm bored. Isn't there anything fun to do around here?"
	Peter sighed and sat up. "Janine!" he yelled. "What's the story here?"
	Before the secretary could reply, the room suddenly went dark save for a 
single spotlight around the floating girl. From the black depths came a 
mysterious voice:

	Created over 2000 years ago by the great scientific genius Washu, she 
blazed a crimson path of destruction across the galaxy before being captured and 
imprisoned deep within a cave on the planet Earth. Now, 700 years later, she has 
been freed by her beloved Tenchi and seeks to make a better life for herself. 
Blessed with the powers of flight, teleportation and energy manipulation, she is 
known and feared as the Demon Summoner, the Scourge of Jurai, and a thousand 
other names. She is...Ryoko.

	The voice faded away and the lights came back on. Peter stared at the 
woman and shook his head. "How did you do that?"
	Ryoko shrugged. "It's an anime thing."
	"Well, it's very nice to meet you, but I'm very tired, and I make it a 
point never to date women who are over 1500 years older than me." Peter closed 
his eyes again.
	"But I'm bored," Ryoko whined.
	"That so?" She turned to find Winston standing beside Venkman's desk. 
"Interest you in a baseball game, then? I've got a spare ticket and no one to 
use it."
	"Baseball?" Ryoko scratched her head, then grinned. "Hell, anything's 
better than sitting around waiting for Mom. You've got a deal. When do we 
leave?"
	"We can head out any time you'd like."
	"Great! Let me go tell Mom and I'll be right back." With a graceful flip, 
Ryoko dove through the floor without so much as a ripple; Winston watched her 
vanish and shook his head, amazed that such an incredible sight seemed so 
mundane to him these days.
	"I gotta start meeting normal people," he muttered.

*****

	"Let me see." Seconds ago Washu had produced a holographic representation 
of a computer laptop from thin air; now she was typing rapidly on its keyboard 
and studying the small screen intently. "What we need here is a pipeline, from 
your containment, through a subspace gap, and over to my storage tanks. 
Shouldn't take more than a few minutes to complete." Without warning she reached 
over and slapped Ray's hand, which the Ghostbuster had been waving back and 
forth through the intangible (for him) machine. "Naughty, naughty, Doctor 
Stantz," she warned. "Hands off the equipment, or Little Washu will spank!"
	"I've never seen anything like this before," Ray breathed, transfixed by 
the holo-laptop. "I don't suppose you could come up with an extra one, could 
you, Washu?"
	"Well, Christmas is coming," she said with a sly smile, "so if you're a 
good boy..." She looked over at the stairs; Egon was wearing one proton pack and 
carrying another with him. "Oh my. Spengler genetics and atomic radiation. I 
can't wait to see your children!"
	"Hmmph." Egon handed the extra pack to Ray. "These are precautionary. 
We've had bad experiences in the past when we've attempted to vent the 
containment. There's a tendency for the power to rush out much faster than we 
can compensate for."
	"Not to worry," Washu assured him. "I'll have everything under control. 
Nothing can possibly go wrong."

*****

	Ryoko and Winston emerged from the subway station and joined the massive 
crowd that was pouring toward Yankee Stadium. "Wow," the alien woman said. 
"That's pretty darned impressive, I have to admit."
	"Some of the greatest baseball games ever played were in here," Winston 
told her as he handed the gatekeeper the tickets. "Come on through the 
turnstiles, and we'll head for our seats." So enthralled was Ryoko with the 
sheer size of the edifice, however, that she unconsciously went intangible and 
simply passed through the metal bars; the usher taking tickets glanced down, 
scratched his head, then shrugged and continued his work with the attitude of a 
man who'd seen just about everything in his time.
	"Okay, we're in section..." Winston looked around and smiled sheepishly at 
his guest. "Hey, I hate to do this, but I need to take care of some business, if 
you know what I mean. Would you mind...?"
	"Of course not, Mr. Zeddemore. You go right on ahead. I'll wait around 
here." Ryoko smiled brightly...which, for anyone who knew her reasonably well, 
was the equivalent of "red alert".
	"Hey, great. Be right back. And it's 'Winston', hear?" Ryoko nodded and 
waved as her host went to the rest room. The minute he was gone, she quickly 
made her way over to the automated teller machines against the wall.
	Ryoko had noticed all the people who'd walked up to the devices, inserted 
a card and punched some numbers, and subsequently received some local currency. 
Well, she didn't have a card and didn't know which buttons to push, but when you 
got down to it, a bank was a bank was a bank. She slipped into an adjacent wall 
and emerged seconds later with a big handful of twenty dollar bills which were 
quickly stuffed into a convenient dress pocket.
	When Winston returned a few minutes later, Ryoko was now wearing a Yankees 
baseball cap along with matching t-shirt, and carrying a pennant, a bag of 
peanuts, a giant pretzel, a huge foam "We're Number One" hand and a genuine 
Derek Jeter bobbing-head doll.
	"Shall we find our seats, Winston?" she asked brightly.

*****
	
Something about that Washu woman bothered the hell out of Janine. Well, granted, 
it was spooky enough having someone who looked to be about twelve and talked 
like four times that running around, but after all, this was Ghostbusters. 
Expect the unexpected. But ever since her arrival, the weirdest things kept 
happening.
	Take twenty minutes ago. Janine had just finished the payroll and was 
about to head over to the bank with the morning's deposits. Suddenly, a big 
black hole shimmered into existence in front of her desk and a cute little girl 
with blue hair and pigtails the size of Texas came stepping out. She was 
carrying five small boxes, which she quickly placed on the desk along with a big 
jug of...something. 
	"Can I help you?" Janine asked after a moment.
	The girl giggled. "Hi! My name's Sasami! Washu thought everyone might be 
hungry about now, so I made some lunches for you!" The kid was radiating 
cuteness, so much so that Janine thought she was going to pass out from 
saccharine overload. But it was impossible not to like her, she decided.
	"Thank you very much, Sasami," Janine replied, bowing slightly-she wasn't 
sure if that was the proper custom or not, but what the hey.
	"You're very welcome!" The girl looked back and forth, then leaned over 
the desk and whispered in conspiratorial tones, "Can I ask you something?"
	"Sure thing," Janine grinned, leaning forward as well.
	"Is...is there really a ghost called 'Slimer' that lives here?"
	"Nope. They made him up for the TV show."
	Sasami's smile fell slightly. "Oh, shucks. I was really hoping to see 
him." She leaned forward again. "What about Louis Tully? From the movie?"
	Janine sighed. "Sadly, that one does exist."
	"Now THAT'S scary," Sasami declared. "Well, I'd better get back home! It 
was very nice to meet you!" She hopped back into the black hole, which 
subsequently vanished with a pop.
	Janine gathered up the boxes-if memory served, they were called bento-and 
left one at the still-sleeping Doctor Venkman's desk, another at her own, and 
started downstairs with the remainder.
	"I have got to start meeting normal people," she muttered to herself.

*****

	"CO'BEER! CO'BEER HERE!" cried the aisle vendor.
	"Yo! Cobeer!" Ryoko yelled, waving a twenty as added incentive. As the 
salesman came down the stairs toward them, she turned to Winston. "What's a 
'cobeer'?"
	"Cold beer. And make it two." He reached for his wallet, but Ryoko had 
already paid for them and was handing one to him. "Thanks. Where'd you get all 
this money?"
	"Oh, I have my ways..." She sipped at the frosty cup. "So, who's winning?"
	"No one, so far. But it's just the third inning."
	Ryoko pondered this. "Okay. I think I get this." She rose to her feet and 
waved her foam finger. "YO! GO YANKEES!" After sitting down, she turned to 
Winston. "How was that?"
	"You're catching on," he chuckled.

*****

	"If she asks me to be her 'guinea pig' one more time..." Egon muttered as 
he sealed the final shunt connection into place. Ray was nearby, running some 
final diagnostics on the containment while sneaking forlorn glances at Washu's 
holographic laptop computer. You could practically see the saliva dripping from 
his mouth. 
	"That does it, Doctor Spengler," Washu called. "I'm showing a perfect 
interface seal. Very nice work."
	"Thank you." Egon carefully put his tools away and set them over by the 
staircase before joining the odd woman. "You're certain this will work, now."
	"Oh, of course. I've done it a million times before, Doctor. This is as 
simple as splitting atoms with a proteonic laser generator-after the first time, 
you never forget how."
	"I'll take your word for it."
	"That would be wise." Washu consulted her instrumentation, then looked 
over at Ray. "Whenever you're ready, Doctor Stantz."
	"Opening containment...now." As Ray manipulated the controls, the eerie 
energy known to them as PKE slowly trickled out of the containment interface. It 
slowly filled the transparent tubing, stopping at the main shunt seal that led 
into the subspace hole.
	"The seal is holding," Washu announced. "Preparing to open the shunt on my 
mark...now." She pressed a series of buttons on her laptop; the seal crackled 
briefly then faded, allowing the steadily-building PKE to roar on through the 
pipeline. 
	"We're at one hundred three percent capacity...one hundred 
percent...ninety-five percent," Ray intoned, keeping a close eye on the 
containment instrument panel. "Ninety...eighty...seventy..."
	"How much did you want me to take?" Washu asked Egon.
	"We'd like to retain a minimum of ten percent, so that our security 
protocols don't activate."
	"Ten percent is doable. My storage tanks are taking everything in as we 
speak. You see? I told you this was easy as p..."
	Without warning a stunningly beautiful blond woman with deep brown skin 
and wide blue eyes came through the subspace hole. "Miss Washu!" she cried in a 
sweet sing-song voice. "Oh Miss Washu! Where are you?"
	And Egon Spengler's heart froze at the two words that escaped from Washu's 
mouth:
	"Oh, crap."

*****

	"That was so much fun!" Ryoko declared, wrapping her arm around Winston's 
as they left the stadium. "I can't thank you enough for taking me. I really had 
a wonderful time."
	"I'd say." Winston glanced down at the large shopping bag which held all 
of Ryoko's original purchases and a few new ones-three pinstriped Yankee 
Beanies, an autographed baseball, a commemorative photo book about the stadium, 
and two more Derek Jeter bobbing-head dolls. This didn't include the authentic 
Yankee jersey she was wearing loosely over her dress, either. "I'd say you've 
got enough stuff there to remember this trip for a long time."
	"Well, you know what they say about living for the moment," she laughed. 
Winston noticed some kind of commotion over at one of the stadium ATMs-looked 
like a few bank people had opened it up and were yelling at the cops about 
something-but figured it was nothing to worry about. ATM fraud happened all the 
time in New York; it wasn't like anyone had come up with a new way to get a few 
bucks on the sly.
	"Oh, but I forgot my manners!" Ryoko dug through the bag and retrieved a 
Jeter doll. "Here, Winston-for being so nice and letting me tag along!"
	"My pleasure, Ryoko." He'd never hear the end of this from Pete...
	"Hey, babe." A distinctly unfriendly voice drifted from a nearby alleyway. 
Winston instinctively stiffened; the Bronx was not the safest of places, even in 
proximity to the ballpark. He'd been reading about some holdups occurring after 
games over the past few weeks, and it looked as though he and Ryoko were going 
to learn about it firsthand. "Got anything for us?"
Five big, ugly men in their late teens emerged, making quite sure their knives 
and chains were visible to their prey.
	Ryoko didn't freeze or cower. No, she did something far worse. She smiled. 
"Oh yes," she nodded, her grin widening and her golden eyes narrowing. "I've got 
something special for you."
	Of course, their would-be muggers didn't catch on. "Okay, sweetie," the 
ringleader said, waving her over to him. "Bring it on over. Bring it all on 
over."
	Winston sized up the odds: not great, but the lack of guns was 
encouraging. He was fairly sure he could pull this off with a minimum of 
hassle...but Ryoko stretched out her right arm and blocked his way.
	Ryoko stretched out her right hand. A small ball of energy flickered into 
existence. She squeezed the ball, which then stretched up and out into a long, 
slender line. She wrapped her fingers around the base of the construct. 
	And then she floated up into the air--about three feet off the ground, to 
be precise. "Ready or not, here I come," she purred.
	Winston had never seen five men wet themselves so quickly in his life.
They made the mistake of hesitating before running for their lives, which gave 
Ryoko plenty of time to swoop down and attack. Her energy sword hummed and 
swished with every stroke, accompanied by the terrified screams of five men 
who'd gotten far more than they'd counted on. And above it all was laughter-
Ryoko's delighted, maniacal laughter as she soared and dove again and again, 
hemming her attackers against a wall, where they cowered and begged for mercy.
	Sadly, the cops were there almost immediately, along with a small crowd of 
appreciative onlookers. Ryoko let the sword flicker out just before they 
arrived, but gave the huddled, whimpering mass of Jell-O in front of her a look 
that emphasized her ability to bring Mr. Sword back any time she pleased. 
Winston gave the cops a statement and quickly guided his guest to the subway 
entrance-he had a feeling the sooner they got back to the firehouse, the better.
	Ryoko leaned back against the seat and sighed happily. "You know what, 
Winston?"
	"What's that?"
	"I love New York. It's my kind of town!"

*****

	"Who is that?" Egon demanded, pointing at the angelic, somewhat addled-
looking blond woman who'd just arrived via the subspace hole.
	"That," Washu replied, "is the bane of my existence. Mihoshi," she yelled, 
"how the hell did you get here?"
	"Oh, Washu!" Mihoshi smiled brightly and waved. "I just woke up from a nap 
and was going to get something to eat, and I guess I made a wrong turn somewhere 
and...and well, here I am!" She blinked a few times and looked around. 
"Ummm...Washu, where am I?"
	"In deep trouble!" Washu glanced frantically at her instrument panel. 
"Mihoshi, listen to me very carefully, even though I know it isn't going to make 
a bit of difference in the end. DO NOT, I REPEAT, DO NOT TOUCH ANYTHING!"
	"Ummm...okay!" And sure enough, Mihoshi headed straight for Ray, who was 
still monitoring the containment control board.
	"She looks pretty harmless," Egon said to Washu.
	"Oh, yeah. So does the Halmarian Xornax...cute and cuddly right up to the 
point where it rears up and tears you into bite-sized pieces," Washu muttered. 
"Doctor Spengler, to be blunt, Mihoshi is at the same time the most disaster-
prone and luckiest individual to ever walk the Universe. No matter how terrible 
the state she gets herself into, she comes out without a scratch."
	"And anyone who's with her...?"
	Washu glanced up at the scientist. "I assume you've heard of the term 
'friendly fire'?"
	In the meantime the subject of conversation had tapped Ray on the 
shoulder. He looked up and became instantly enraptured at the sight of the 
incredible vision of beauty. "Hi!" she said. "My name's Mihoshi! Are you a 
Ghostbuster?"
	"Why, uh, yes," Ray stammered, caught off-guard. "I'm Ray Stantz. Pleased 
to meet you, Mihoshi!"
	"Oh, the pleasure's mine!" She glanced down at the flickering instrument 
panel. "Wow! This sure looks a lot more complicated than my Galaxy Police ship! 
What's it do?"
	"I...I'm making sure this machine here," Ray pointed at the containment, 
"doesn't go out of control."
	"Boy, that sure looks complicated!" Mihoshi shook her head. "My ship is so 
much easier to work. I mean, if I want to make my report to headquarters, I just 
press a button, like..."
	"NO!" screamed Washu.
	"NO!" screamed Ray.
	"NO!" screamed Egon.
	"...this," Mihoshi finished, resting a dainty finger on a large red button 
and pressing down on it.
There was a soft click, and seconds later the containment vent snapped wide 
open. PKE roared out of its confined space, slamming into Washu's shunt tube so 
hard that the seals connecting the pathway to the Ghostbusters' equipment popped 
free. Paranormal energy immediately flooded the room, seeking further egress to 
the outside world. Claxons wailed and red lights flashed wildly, giving the room 
an even more supernatural air. 
	"Oops," said Mihoshi.

*****

	Peter and Janine appeared at the doorway seconds later, each carrying a 
proton pack. "They won't do any good!" Egon yelled. "This is free-floating 
energy, completely dispersed! There isn't anything we can snare!"
	"So what do we do?" Peter yelled back as he took the stairs down two at a 
time.
	"TRAPS!" Ray bellowed over the dim. "USE THE TRAPS!" 
	"Of course!" Egon replied. "Peter, Janine--over here!" While Stantz 
struggled to regain control of the runaway containment, his comrades raced over 
to the clean trap rack and grabbed as many ghost traps as each could carry. 
Spreading out, they then rolled the devices haphazardly across the floor and 
smashed their feet against the activator pedals, opening the miniature 
containment units. PKE poured down their hungry electronic maws--so much so, 
unfortunately, that the traps overloaded and exploded in bright bursts of light 
and sparks.
	"Oboy. What now?" Peter asked.
	"Ray-can we reverse the oscillation on the PKE frequency modulator?" Egon 
yelled.
	"No! The controls are locked up!" Stantz replied. "I need some time to 
reset them!"
	"Lovely," muttered Janine. She grabbed her thrower and started firing at 
the PKE-not that it was going to do a bit of good, but it made her feel better.
	Meanwhile, Mihoshi had reached Washu's side. The petite scientist had not 
joined the Ghostbusters in their attempts to contain the energy that swirled all 
around them; instead, she was concentrating completely on her holo-laptop 
screen. "Okay. There...and there...and there. That should activate the cutoffs 
to the storage tanks, so there's no danger of backflow." 
	"Oh, Washu, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry..." Mihoshi blubbed.
	"Hmmm?" Washu looked up and around. "Well, this certainly isn't good. Let 
me see..." She raised a single finger up into the vortex and concentrated. "Huh. 
I had a feeling it wouldn't be that easy."
	"But Washu, you got rid of that nasty ghost thing that was on my ship the 
one time..."
	"That was a solid entity, my dear," Washu replied. "This is freeform. Such 
a waste, too," she sighed. "The things I could have done with it. Oh well, no 
use crying over spilled PKE. Come with me, Mihoshi."
	"But where are we going?" Mihoshi wailed as Washu walked calmly through 
the insanity, dragging the sobbing woman behind her.
	"Right here," Washu replied, now standing beside Ray at the containment 
controls. She studied the panel for a moment, then glanced over at Mihoshi and 
smiled. "All right, girl. Time to save the day for all of us."
	"Wha-what?" Mihoshi gasped.
	"Just pick a button and press it."
	"But...but..."
	"Do as I say, Mihoshi."
	"Oh...golly..." The frazzled young woman hesitated, one trembling hand 
above the controls, then she looked away, covered her eyes, and picked a button 
at random.
	Suddenly the containment reversed itself, sucking in PKE...and anything 
else it could get hold of...at full power. The Ghostbusters suddenly found 
themselves hanging onto anything solid they could reach as an incredible 
whooshing noise roared past their ears. Ray grabbed hold of Mihoshi and pulled 
her down under the control console, which seemed to be the only apparent haven 
in the room. The roar grew in intensity...
	...then fell silent. The Ghostbusters opened their eyes and hesitantly 
looked around.
	"Son of a gun," Peter breathed. "We're still alive."
	"Just a second," Ray said, scrambling to his feet to first assist Mihoshi, 
then to check the containment. "Wow. According to this, we've got less than four 
percent PKE in there."
	Egon helped Janine to her feet, then went to join Stantz. "The security 
protocols activated. We'll have to reset them before we can reactivate the 
containment."
	Peter looked around the basement, which was surprisingly unscathed. "You 
know," he commented to no one in particular, "this really stinks. I mean, this 
is our story, taking place in our firehouse, the danger is caused by our 
equipment...and we get our butts bailed out by someone from a program that 
wasn't even made in the United States. We just don't get any respect any more."
	"Well, Peter," Egon said quietly, "if you'd prefer to have the firehouse 
brought down around us, with Ray cradling your broken body while gently brushing 
the hair out of your eyes while I stand nearby weeping with self-recrimination 
for not being there on time, feel free to tell Washu. I'm sure she'd be happy to 
accommodate you."
	"Was I complaining? Was I? I was just commenting, that's all."
	"Golly!" exclaimed the lovely Mihoshi. "Where's Washu?"

*****

	"Let me get this straight," said Ryoko to the Ghostbusters. "My mom is in 
there?" She jerked a thumb toward the containment, which was humming along 
contentedly to itself.
	"See for yourself." Egon gestured to the viewer portal; Ryoko leaned down 
and peered within. A rather irritated-looking Washu was sitting lotus-style in 
the midst of a swirling miasma of colors.
	"We'll get her out as soon as we can," Ray explained. "The problem is that 
when the PKE got loose, we only managed to recover about five percent of it. Any 
energy levels under ten percent automatically activate our lockdown protocols, 
so until Egon can reset them..."
	Ryoko grinned evilly and leaned over conspiratorially. "How much to keep 
her in there for good?" she whispered.
	"Ryoko!" exclaimed a horrified Mihoshi.
	"I'm afraid that's not an option," Egon informed her stiffly. He moved 
over to the portal and activated the microphone. "We should have the unit reset 
within the hour, Ms. Washu," he intoned.
	"I want you to know, Doctor Spengler, that I don't find this amusing in 
the least," came the heated reply. "And Doctor Stantz..."
	"Yes?" asked Ray.
	"KEEP YOUR HANDS OFF MY COMPUTER!"

*****

	"Gentlemen, thank you for your hospitality," Washu said a short time after 
regaining her freedom. "I assure you that your excess PKE will be put to good 
use. Yes, very good use indeed..." Her face momentarily twisted into an evil 
grimace, and a spine-chilling giggle burst from her mouth before she regained 
her composure. "Sorry," she said quickly. "Occupational hazard."
	"That's...quite all right, Ms. Washu," Egon said slowly. "We're grateful 
for all your assistance, and hope we can call on you again in the future." 
Sometime in the next millennium, he added silently.
	"Miss Mihoshi, may I say that it has been a delight to make your 
acquaintance," Peter said, gently taking the hand of the lovely lady and kissing 
it. "I also hope to be of service some day..."
	"Dana," hissed Janine. Peter winced and reluctantly let go of the girl's 
hand.
	Ryoko and Winston were standing nearby. "I can't thank you enough for 
taking me to the game," she was saying with a shy smile. "And don't worry, I 
won't tell Tenchi about it. He gets insanely jealous when other men take me on 
dates, you know. Just grabs his sword and starts swinging at whatever he can 
find."
	"Oh, I'm sure Ayeka has been keeping him nicely occupied," Washu 
commented.
A look of sheer fury briefly crossed Ryoko's face. "What are we waiting for?" 
she demanded. "Let's get going!"
"There's the door," Washu noted, pointing at a door that normally led to one of 
Ray's many storage closets. When Ryoko whipped the door open, however, the 
Ghostbusters could just make out an incredible panorama of tubes, lights and 
sounds.
"Your lab, I take it?" Egon asked Washu.
"It's not much, but I call it home." She turned to Mihoshi. "Come along, my 
dear. We've caused enough mischief for one day, I'd say." They followed Ryoko 
through the door, which shut by itself with a soft click. A moment later, when 
Winston opened it again, only Ray's jumbled collection of tools and devices 
could be seen.
"Well, this was certainly a day," Peter said with a sigh.
"It certainly was," Egon agreed.
"I sure won't forget it any time soon," Ray noted.
"Wasn't too bad," Winston said.
But in the back of their minds was one common thought:
We have got to start meeting normal people!
