Mission: Impossible 2 starring the cast of Tenchi Muyo!

Mission: Impossible is owned by Paramount Pictures.
Tenchi Muyo! is owned by Pioneer.
They ain't mine so don't sue as if they were.  Thank you!

Dramatis Personae (I apologize for any misspellings!)

Ethan Hunt......................Tenchi Masaki    (Tom Cruise)
Nyah Nordoff-Hall...............Ryoko            (Thandie Newton)
Sean Ambrose....................Kagato           (Dougray Scott)
Luther Strickell................Sasami           (Ving Rhames)
Billy Baird.....................Washu            (*)
Hugh Stamp......................Ayeka            (*)
Anthony Hopkin's character......Yosho            (Anthony Hopkins)
BioCyte CEO.....................Kiyone           (*)
Nekorovich......................Mihoshi          (*)
Gradsky.........................Noboyuki         (*)

* = Couldn't remember the actor's names...so sorry!

************************

TOKYO, JAPAN
BioCyte Headquarters


	Mihoshi looked around nervously.  She felt her hands beginning to get 
clammy with cold sweat.  Her co-workers were busy and everyone wasn't looking 
her way.  It was the perfect moment...
	"I have to do this," she whispered under breath.  It was the point of no 
return now, the plane ticket to Atlanta had already been purchased, her contact, 
Dimitri, was already in place.  All she had to do now was follow through.
	Mihoshi's hands were inside a pair of black rubber gloves that were 
attached to glass case.  Inside the case were three objects that looked like 
guns.  Mihoshi eyed the injection guns containing Pokemon, her brain child, with 
fear.  Sweat began to appear on her brow; she had to act fast -- she picked up 
the injection gun with lightening speed and put the muzzle up to her left wrist.  
Holding her breath, she pulled the trigger.
	The needle entered her flesh, injected Pokemon, and withdrew itself within 
two seconds.  The pain that followed was excruciatingly longer.  Mihoshi bit her 
lip as the gun did it's work.  "All done," she whispered.
	Just then, the air conditioning kicked in on the 42nd floor, the floor 
Mihoshi was in.  A blast of air smacked into her from above.  She jumped a 
little at that sudden shock.  She slipped  her hands out the gloves and stepped 
away from the glass case.  She quickly ran her right hand over her injection 
scar and casually walked out of the room.
	The intercom came alive just then.  "The time is currently 5:00 p.m.  All 
regular employees are to clock out immediately.  Thank you."  Mihoshi wasted no 
time in gathering her things and leaving.
	A few minutes later, Mihoshi was outside hailing a taxi to take her to the 
airport.  Something in the distance distracted her though, and she gazed at what 
it was.  It was a group of school children playing together.  They all held 
hands and danced in a circle chanting: "Ashes!  Ashes!  They all fall down!"  
Mihoshi was momentarily mesmerized by the whole affair and her mind drifted off 
into space.  Words, her words, came into her mind.
	"Dimitri...", they said, "...every search for a hero must begin with 
something that every hero requires -- a villain.  It was in our search for our 
hero, Bolerofaun, that we had created a monster, Pokemon.  Dimitri, I must 
arrive at my destination in Atlanta in no less than 20 hours of departure.  Then 
it will be too late."
	Mihoshi shook her head and broke loose of the nostalgia.  She raised her 
hand in the air and summoned a cab.

*******************************

HOURS LATER, EN ROUTE OVER THE ROCKY MOUNTAINS

	Mihoshi checked her watch for the millionith time in a row.  She hadn't 
stopped sweating since she left Tokyo.  Her B.O. was horrid and almost everybody 
had passed out from it.  Almost everyone save the for the man in black clothing 
that sat next to her.
	"You keep checking your watch as if your life depended on it," he said.  
Mihoshi almost didn't recognize Dimitri's voice, he sounded as if he had a cold.  
She looked over at her old friend and saw a clothespin pinching his nose shut.  
She looked at the humongous underarm stains under her shirt and smiled.
	"Oh sorry, Dimitri," she said happily, "I don't usually get this nervous."
	Dimitri took his head out of his barf bag and handed it to a passing 
stewardess.  Wiping his mouth, he exhaled deeply and spoke with her.  
"Well...you'll soon be with old friends."
	Mihoshi fanned herself to keep his vomit breath from assaulting her 
nostrils.  "I'm already with an old friend, Dimitri.  I --"  A coughing spasm 
hit her suddenly as she desperately tried to expel Dimitri's breath out her 
nose.
	Dimitri, a smooth faced, brown eyed pretty boy, went pale in the face as 
his clothespin slipped off from the amount of sweat covering his face.  He 
pulled his shirt collar over his nose before continuing.  "Did you, uh, manage 
to get it out intact?"  His eyes strayed to the brown satchel that Mihoshi 
cradled in her lap.  His eyes narrowed as he beheld it.
	"Of course, Dimitri.  You know, Noboyuki thought the world of you."
	Dimitri kept his eyes on the satchel.  "Did, uh, did he know that you had 
succeeded?"
	"Yes."
	"But not in time to save his life?"
	"Huh-uh."
	Just then, the plane dipped slightly in the air.  The lights dimmed for a 
brief moment and the remaining passengers that were still conscious mumbled in 
mild panic.  The captain's voice came out over the intercom.  The voice was 
female and she sounded troubled.
	"We're experiencing a slight drop in cabin pressure.  Also, due to 
unexpected circumstances, there is a horrible odor circulating in the cabin.  
Due to these circumstances we are releasing the oxygen masks.  Please put them 
on and remain calm.  Thank you for you cooperation."
	In the cockpit, the pilot, a pretty young women with dark purple hair and 
two long pigtails, wiped the sweat off her brow.  "Oh, my.  I've never 
experienced anything like this."
	The co-pilot's pale, sweaty face started to go green.  "Gawd!  Smells like 
F@$!*^g mayo on wheat!"
	Back in the cabin, the oxygen masks dropped out from the overhead 
compartments.  Those still conscious desperately fumbled for the masks, eager 
for fresh air.  Dimitri looked around him with an odd little smile on his face.
	Mihoshi gave Dimitri a worried look.  "Are you worried?"
	Dimitri shook his head.  "No.  Just put your oxygen mask on; I'll go check 
out what's happening."  He then got up and headed for the cabin.
	Back in the cockpit, the pilot picked up her radio.  "This is Flight 517, 
we are experiencing a drop in cabin pressure as well as an unexplained scent 
phenomena.  We're lowering our altitude to 13,500 feet."  The co-pilot and 
navigator put their oxygen masks on.  She turned to her crew and put the oxygen 
mask near her face.  "Good-bye, you fools."
	The co-pilot looked at her apprehensively.  "Captain?"  He didn't get to 
speak much longer.  His eyes suddenly looked as if they were glazed over.  His 
head drooped and his body slumped over his steering controls.  The navigator 
lost consciousness and went head first into his panel.  The captain put her mask 
aside and went to the altitude dial.  She turned it counter clockwise, setting 
the plane's altitude to 10,000 feet.  She put the plane on autopilot before 
exiting the cockpit, stripping off her pilot's uniform.
	All around Mihoshi, those left conscious were now unconscious as they all 
began complaining of drowsiness and slumping over.  Mihoshi saw this and began 
crying a river.  Dimitri returned but didn't want to sit lest he wanted to sit 
in a chair drenched with sweat and tears.
	"I think we have a problem, Dimitri!" she said.
	A devious grin crossed his face.  "You keep calling me Dimitri...you 
really shouldn't."
	Mihoshi looked confused.  "You are not Dimitri?"
	Dimitri pulled a hidden gun from underneath his black coat and aimed it at 
Mihoshi's head.  She screamed only once.  The gun went off with a loud bang, 
leaving Mihoshi's bloody skull leaning against a blood stained window.  "No," he 
said.
	With that done, Dimitri grabbed her leather satchel.  At that moment, the 
captain of the plane met up with him. He turned toward her and handed her the 
satchel.  "Ayeka, hold on to this."
	Ayeka smiled connivingly as she took the satchel.  Dimitri stared off into 
space for a moment and seemed to be massaging his head.  His forehead began to 
rumple as his hands gripped his forehead tissue.  With one effort, Dimitri 
ripped off his own face...only to reveal another one.
	Ayeka's grin brightened.  "All has went well, Lord Kagato."
	Kagato smiled.  "Good.  Now, don't forget to -- "  Kagato stopped talking.  
His voice was still that of Tenchi Masaki, the man who usually impersonated 
Dimitri.  Kagato ripped off a small piece of tape with circuit board patterns 
off his throat.
	"Well," Kagato said, his voice normal, "Don't forget to dump the two 02 
tanks --"
	"Already done, Lord Kagato," Ayeka said.
	"Then let's go."
	Ayeka and Kagato made their way to the underbelly of the plane where they 
put on black jump suits.  They strapped on parachutes and Ayeka opened the 
avionics hatch, exposing the wind swept sky and the tops of the Rockies.
	Above the roar of the wind, Kagato called out to his partner.  "You 
first!"
	Ayeka made sure Mihoshi's leather satchel was securely fastened to her 
belt.  "Yes, my Lord!"  With that, she jumped out of the hatch and into the sky.  
Kagato followed her, leaving behind scores of victims.
	The plane was caught in a pocket of fierce turbulence as it steam rolled 
it's way towards the face of a jagged mountain.  The co-pilot was able to rouse 
himself out of slumber only to see one of the mountains becoming ominously 
closer in the window.
	"Ahh!"  He grabbed the power lever and shoved it all the way forward and 
pulled up on the  flight stick.  The plane began to gain altitude but not 
enough.  The mountain was too close, too close to dodge.
	Within seconds, the nose of the 747 jet collided with the hard rock.  The 
last thing the co-pilot saw was a wave of flame rushing straight at him.

**************

THE NEXT DAY
SOMEWHERE IN GODAWFUL MOAB, UTAH

	For no good reason whatsoever, Tenchi Masaki was hanging for dear life 
from a jagged cliff in the desert.
	"WAAH!  Somebody get me down from here!"
	God only knows how he spanned over 5,000 feet already, but there he was, 
hanging from a rocky ledge armed only with a pair of faded tennis shoes, and a 
pocket full of baby powder.
	"I'm a government agent; what the F&#K am I doing here?!?"
	He looked down at the desert landscape underneath him.  His baige '88 
Honda Civic V-TEC with 28" fake gold rims was like a distant little dot down 
below.  Tenchi began crying.  "I don't even remember how I got up here!  Wah!"
	Suddenly, a little voice went off inside Tenchi's head.  It was the voice 
of a woman, almost like that of his mother's.  "Now, now, Tenchi, dear.  Don't 
you remember the angel dust you keep in your pocket?  That is how you got here, 
dear.  You're f$@#%d up!"
	Tenchi smiled.  "Ah, now I remember.  Thanks mom!"  His hand dipped into 
his pocket and brought forth a handful of angel dust.  And to think, he thought 
it was baby powder!  He brought the substance up to his nose and inhaled deeply.
	Tenchi's eyes bulged from his sockets, his nerves alive with a paranormal 
energy.  Tenchi spoke to himself, his mouth not matching what he was saying.  
"Ah!  Ha, ha, ha!  I am Lord Futaba Futahibi!  King of all Lazy American Worker!  
INDEED!"  Using only his fingernails, Tenchi rapidly scaled the cliff he was on 
and reached the top.
	"HA, HA, HA, HA!  All bow down to Emperor Futaba!"
	"AGENT MASAKI!"
	The gnarly angel dust wore off at that moment and Tenchi looked at the 
hovering Huey helicopter before him.  The man that was talking to him had a 
loudspeaker in his hand and stood in the Huey.
	"AGENT MASAKI, INCOMING!"
	The man stepped aside and another man took his place.  He carried 
something that looked like a bazooka.  The man aimed the bazooka at Tenchi and 
fired off a missle-like object.  Tenchi wet himself profusely and dove behind a 
sage brush.  The projectile landed nose first into the ground, leaving the body 
to pop open, revealing a set of sunglasses attached to a headset receiver.  
Tenchi breathed a sigh of relief as he went and took the shades out of the 
missile.  He waved to the Huey crew as they veered away, the bazooka man shaking 
his head in pity.
	Tenchi draped the shades over his eyes and watched as the sunglasses 
turned into tiny computer monitors.  The round IMF logo appeared on the screens.  
A Limp Bizket song played in the background as Tenchi heard an old man's voice 
speaking to him.
	"Agent Masaki, your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to locate 
and retrieve an item called 'POKEMON.'"
	The screens showed the face of a beatiful woman with greenish-blue hair 
color.  Her hair was wild, branching over her head in a bold yet stylish way.  
Before Tenchi could say "Call the Fashion police", the picture of the pretty 
woman shrunk to 1/8 of it's size as her case file appeared next to it.
	The old man continued.  "This woman's name is Ryoko, and she is skilled in 
her trade as a professional thief.  She is located in Seville, Spain, and will 
be there upon your arrival.  You have approximately 72 hours to recruit Ms. 
Ryoko for her skills as a thief.  After the alloted time has passed, you will 
meet me in Seville and await further instructions.  You will be allowed to 
select two team members for this assignment.  As you may know, if you, or any 
member of your IMF team is captured or killed, the secretary will disavow all 
knowledge of your actions.  Oh, and Mr. Masaki, when you decide to jump ship and 
leave us, do be kind to let us know where you're going.  Oh, and also, if you're 
doing what I think you're doing, do try and remember that the DEA still 
considers your case file active."
	After that, the old man's voice was replaced with that of a female one.  
"This message will self-destruct in five seconds."
	Tenchi smirked.  "Man, to hell with you b*%@$#*s.  I do what I want."  He 
let out a brief  snicker.
	Unfortunately, while Tenchi delayed, the sunglasses destructed.  Scorching 
his face, Tenchi ran around the top of the cliff screaming like a scared little 
girl with a skid knee.  Eyebrows now gone, Tenchi looked down to the bottom of 
the cliff.  He checked his pocket for more dust and found no more.  He scratched 
his head.
	"Uh, how the hell am I going to get down?"

NEXT: Tenchi & Ryoko!

Hope you enjoyed my first fic!

Send email to CivilWarFan@excite.com

;)  /\_/\
