****No Need for a Super Saiyan

        In the middle of nowhere, Tenchi finds him self
training with Yosho.  Yosho had just defeated him for
the 25th time.  Tenchi was on his back.  "Ow, that
hurts!"  "Get up Tenchi.  Are you resting?"
"Grandfather, I can barely stand!"  "Excuses, excuses.
 When will you learn that in a real battle, they don't
let you lie on your back and rest?  Get your ass off
the ground."  Yosho helped Tenchi get up and took a
swig of his canteen.  Tenchi and Yosho fought again.
Tenchi accidentally slammed his boken onto a huge rock
because Yosho had dodged it.  Suddenly, the rock
exploded!  "Wow, Tenchi, I didn't know you were that
strong!"  "Wow, I'm glad I didn't hit you grandpa."
Suddenly, a hand stuck out of the rocks.  Tenchi
jumped back.  A boy with black hair got up out of the
rocks.  He wasn't even bleeding.  He looked fine.  A
man with yellow hair came out of the air and landed.
The man started to talk.  "Trunks, how many times do I
have to tell you, train with someone that is as good
as you.  I'm to strong for you."  The man noticed
Tenchi and Yosho.  He asked them, "Who are you?"
"My name is Tenchi and this is my grandfather Yosho."
"Whatever.  Why don't you fight this Tenchi guy,
Trunks.  I'm gonna go train with Kakarot."  He flew
off.  Trunks sat up.  "This sucks."  Tenchi helped him
up to his feet, "Who is that mean guy?"
"He's my dad.  Whenever he becomes a Super Saiyan, he
gets an attitude and is a bitch."
"What is a Super Saiyan?"
"A Super Saiyan is stage when a Saiyan becomes
stronger and his or her hair turns yellow.  I'd like
to become a Super Saiyan."
"Wow, that's cool."
Yosho stepped up, "Your planet Vegita was destroyed
wasn't it?"
"Yes, it was sir.  How did you know?"
"Tenchi and I are from space also.  We are from the
planet Jurai.  Tenchi is part Saiyan."
"WHAT!!?!?!?!?!?!"  Tenchi and Trunks both looked at
Yosho.  "Tenchi, Noboyuki was part Saiyan.  His
grandfather was a full blood Saiyan.  He told me
before he died."  Noboyuki died in a car accident.
Tenchi was puzzled because he couldn't even fly.
Trunks looked at Tenchi, "This is so cool, can I train
you Tenchi?"  "Actually, my grandfather is training
me.  He may not look strong, but he most certainly
is."
"I just want to see one thing Tenchi.  Power up."
"Say again, Trunks."
"Power up."
"Power up, how?"
"Just…uh…I don't know, power up."
"Uh, ok, I'll try."
Tenchi stood there not knowing what to do.  Yosho
looked at him, "Tenchi, remember how you activate the
sword."  "Ok, grandpa."  Tenchi started to glow.
Suddenly, his hair stood up and turned yellow colored.
 Tenchi was already becoming a Super Saiyan.  He
started to glow.  Trunks looked up, "Wow, that's the
calmest transformation into super saiyan I have ever
seen."  Trunks powered up, but couldn't change into
Super Saiyan.  Just then, Vegita came over and was
shocked at what he saw, "What's this.  That Tenchi
guy, he's a super saiyan!"  Vegita flew down to Tenchi
and changed back into a regular saiyan.  Vegita paused
and looked at Tenchi.  Suddenly, Vegita went over to
Trunks, slapped him over the head, and said, "That guy
over there turned into a Super Saiyan before you did!
You are pitiful!  Do you know what I did just a second
ago?  I killed Kakarot."  Tenchi turned around, "Leave
him alone."  Ignoring Tenchi, Vegita went on, "Trunks,
you are weak!  You are a disgrace!"
"I said leave him alone."
"You stay out of this, Tenchi!"
Vegita changed into a Super Saiyan and punched Trunks.
 Trunks fell out cold.  Vegita laughed and said, "What
are you gonna do about it?"  He turned around and
Tenchi wasn't there.  Tenchi appeared behind him and
punched him.  Vegita fell down.  Tenchi extended his
arm down quickly and his beam sword appeared in his
hand.  Vegita got up and ran at Tenchi.  Tenchi
quickly disappeared and reappeared above Vegita.  For
some reason Vegita could not sense Tenchi.  Tenchi
activated his beam sword and he flew at Vegita with
his sword up.  Vegita backed up just as Tenchi got to
him.  Vegita laughed.  Suddenly, he noticed a whole
bunch of cuts on his arms his face and all over his
body.  Tenchi deactivated his sword as Vegita passed
out.  Tenchi's hair grew short and black again.  He
walked over to Trunks and gave him some water from his
canteen.  Trunks woke up.  He was mad at Tenchi for
beating up his dad.  Trunks challenged Tenchi.  Tenchi
did his weakest blast, but it killed both Trunks and
Vegita.  Tenchi and Yosho swore not to tell anybody
that he killed Trunks and Vegita.
        Tenchi and Yosho were walking home when all of a
sudden, Ayeka runs up to him.  "Hey, Ayeka, what's
up?"  "Oh nothing Lord Tenchi.  I just want you to
carry me."  Tenchi carried Ayeka on his back.  They
walked about a mile to get back home.  At home,
everyone wanted Tenchi like usual.  Secretly, Ayeka
had seen all of what happened in the mountains while
Tenchi was training.  She knew that Tenchi was strong
so she wanted Tenchi even more.  Tenchi went to sleep.
 Ayeka went into his room and walked over to him.  She
leaned over and kissed him on the lips.  Tenchi woke
up.  Ayeka jumped back, "I am very sorry Lord Tenchi,
I will leave now."  "No, Ayeka.  Come here."  Ayeka
walked to Tenchi.  Tenchi grabbed her and kissed her.
They kissed for a long time.  Just then, Ryoko came
in.  She saw them kiss.  She immediately killed
herself.  Washu swept her body parts away while Ayeka
and Tenchi were still kissing.  Washu dumped out
Ryoko's parts into Ryohoki's dish and the cute little
cabbit ate them.  Sasami washed out Ryohoki's mouth,
which was stained with blood.  Everyone was happy that
Ryoko was dead, even Tenchi.  Kiyone took Ryohoki's
droppings to headquarters.  It was scanned as Ryoko.
Kiyone and Mihoshi were promoted, but decided to stay
on Earth.  During all of this Tenchi and Ayeka were
still kissing.  After about a week they stopped
kissing.  Sasami made them good food and everyone
lived happily ever after (except for Ryoko, that is).
The End
Author's notes: I was really bored when I wrote this
so don't get mad.  If you do get mad, e-mail me at
royalteardrop@yahoo.com.  If you liked it also e-mail
me.  If you have any comments about it e-mail me.  If
you just want to talk to me e-mail me.  Well,
seeya****

Well, that's my story.  I hope you like it.  I think
it goes in Crossovers.  Thanks

People call me,
Masaki

