Episode 3 - A New Home

Tenchi Muyo and Dragonball Z is owned/copyrighted by their respective companies.

I'm Russell Piper, and what you're about to read is my first real attempt at a 
fanfiction.  It's based around Tenchi Universe (Tenchi TV) and the OVA so 
most of the main characters you've seen from there will appear here as well.  
It also crosses a bit with Dragonball Z with the existence of Dragonballs 
and immensely powerful warriors.  Ryoko and Tenchi had finally chosen to 
be together, and Aeka is still living at the house for now.  You'll see when it 
happens.  Anyway, I'll stop flapping my yap and let you get right to the 
story.  Enjoy!  Send all hate mail or fan mail to russael@mediaone.net.

	Once again, Russ followed Yosho to the Misaki home, his stomach 
growling and complaining the whole way.  Yosho heard it rumbling away 
and he started chuckling.  Russ just grinned and blushed from 
embarrassment.  Yosho had a double take and turned back toward Russ, 
noticing he was now in a karate gi, instead of the clothes he originally 
showed up in.  Russ noticed him looking him over.  His gi was green with a 
blue undershirt, blue wristbands, and blue boots.  His pants were also green, 
and he had a blue belt wrapped around his waist.  The two symbols on his 
clothes were unfamiliar to Yosho.
	"I went back to my spaceship before going to that clearing and 
grabbed my training clothes.  They're light and very strong.  They're based 
on the clothing of one of the greatest heroes, Goku.  Only difference 
between his and mine is the color.  His favorite was orange, mine is green.  
You may not have heard of Goku before.  He's been dead for a long, long 
time.  He saved this planet many times, as his son did by his side, with all of 
Goku's friends.  They used to be known as the Z fighters.  I highly doubt 
you'll find anything about them in the Earth based history books though.  
Most people nowadays found his trials and feats of great strength too 
unbelievable, and therefore in later generations, were left out of most 
textbooks.  It's unfortunate, but I guess that's the fate of a hero like him.  
Plus, you're from Jurai, so I have no idea how much of Earth's history you 
do know."
	Yosho didn't say anything, but continued to listen in interest.  
They made it to the stairway and started their descent.
	Russ continued.  "The symbols on my clothes are identical to 
Goku's as well.  I've been trained in the art of Kaioken, which represents 
the symbol on my back, and I've also been trained in the ways of the 
Earth's guardian, and a man named Master Roshi, which is the symbol on 
the front.  Unfortunately, Zorpheus also has the same fighting style and 
training as I have had.  We're about as equal as they get.  However, our 
ambitions took a sharp turn once we learned of the Dragonballs.  He had 
this overwhelming urge to become immortal, as I have explained before.  
Most evil villains that have existed also had wanted to become immortal, 
which is why Goku became such a hero, defending the planet against all the 
evil that approached it.  Even with his valiant efforts though, one of the 
villains, Garlic Junior, actually did become immortal.  However, 
unfortunately for him, he was careless, and he was sealed away for eternity.  
Just knowing that there are things on this planet that can make someone 
immortal is why I wanted to keep the Dragonballs a secret.  It can make a 
good man go bad."
	Yosho nodded.  "Interesting.  Please continue."
	"Well anyway, all of the Saiyans were supposed to have been 
wiped out when Frieza destroyed Vegeta, our home world.  However, 
unknown to anyone, except for Prince Vegeta, there was a small group of 
Saiyans who had left the planet and traveled far across the galaxy to 
colonize another planet.  The official record of them leaving was deleted.  It 
was only a very small group of less than a hundred of them, but from what I 
know from history is that they successfully settled and began colonization.  
However, most of them were known as the Saiyan rejects.  They were, at 
the time, weak, lower class warriors.  They technically weren't colonists, 
but they were just sent off the planet to go do as they wished.  They weren't 
wanted, and they weren't classified as useful people, so they left.  Prince 
Vegeta was about to exile them anyway.  My great grandparents came from 
that world.  My parents decided to leave that world and go exploring the 
galaxy, and they wound up here at Earth.  They didn't know it at the time, 
but they later learned that this same planet had the Dragonballs on it, and 
that it was Goku's home.  After Goku made his sacrifice and the dragon 
apparently had told him that no wishes would be granted for about a 
hundred years, the Dragonballs once again became only a legend.  It seems 
that legend has vanished from this planet, but it is real.  While I was living 
here, I never knew about them.  After I had left to go on my own adventure, 
I had met Zorpheus, a Human-Saiyan hybrid.  We became the best of 
friends, and we had done many things together.  We even used to go to alien 
planets to visit their libraries and stuff like that.  That was how we learned 
of the Dragonballs.  A while after that, when Zorpheus became more and 
more obsessive and evil, we wound up going our separate ways.  I visited 
many more planets, also hunting for the Dragonballs.  My search has finally 
led me back home.  Ironic."  Russ looked at the sky with a straight face.
	"Wow.  That's quite a history.  So tell me, do you think you can 
stop him?"
	"I'm pretty sure I can do it, however, I'll need to continue training 
to keep my strength up.  He has nearly all the same attacks and techniques I 
have, aside from the newer ones I have developed.  We basically have 
studied the Z fighters' history and have nearly mastered all their special 
techniques.  Everything from Goku's Kamehameha wave, to Vegeta's Final 
Flash attack, and even Piccolo's Splitform technique, plus many, many 
more."
	"What was that technique you were using to disappear and 
reappear to another spot?"
	"That's called the Zanzoken, or a 'blur' technique.  Basically it 
allows me to move extremely quickly to another point close by.  It's so fast 
it's almost instant, however, its range is limited."
	Russ zanzokened behind Yosho, then again in front of him, and 
then again above him, and yet again to his original spot.  Yosho just looked 
on with a look of awe.  
	"Impressive.  Ryoko may make a decent sparring partner for you.  
She has a lot of special techniques, including the ability to fire energy from 
her hands.  She's very strong too."
	"Ryoko... oh, the spiky blue haired girl who was hanging on 
Tenchi?"  Russ grinned.  "Maybe.  But I hate to say it, when compared to 
Zorpheus or myself, or any one of the other Saiyans, she'd be considered to 
be a pushover.  But if she wants, I'm sure I could train with her or whatever.  
I'd have to be careful around here that I don't reveal a whole lot about what 
I can really do.  I don't want to hurt anybody, accidentally or intentionally.  
I hope that Washu person you mentioned can assist me in some way."
	Yosho snickered.  "She probably could help you out.  However, 
you best be careful around her.  She may be a scientific genius, but her ego 
is also huge.  She also has a tendency to want to... examine... people from 
time to time."
	Russ just cocked his eyebrow, wondering what he meant.  He 
guessed that he'd find out soon enough, as they were now on the front porch 
of Tenchi's home.  Yosho slid back the door and entered the living room, 
with Russ following.  Aeka and Sasami were both setting the table, and 
upon their arrival, they stopped and looked up.
	"Hello again.  Yosho here twisted my arm to come eat some lunch 
with you guys, if that's not a problem."  Russ said, putting a hand behind 
his head.  Yosho just raised an eyebrow, but didn't say anything.
	"Okay, great!  We have plenty to eat so I hope you're good and 
hungry!"  Sasami smiled warmly as did Aeka.  Both of them stared at Russ 
when they saw him in his karate gi.  He now looked even more handsome 
than he did earlier today.  They both blushed slightly and looked at each 
other, smiling.
	Russ noticed it, but assumed they were looking at the dirt smudges 
that were on it.  He felt a little embarrassed.
	"Uh, would you mind if I got a little cleaned up before I sat down 
to eat?  Is there somewhere where I can take a quick bath?"
	"Sure, not at all.  Let me grab you a couple towels and a bar of 
soap, and you can take a bath in the onsen over the lake," Aeka told him.
	"That's your bathroom?  Cool.  And thanks."
	Aeka quickly went to a closet and grabbed two towels, a washrag, 
and a bar of soap and returned to the living room.
	"Here you go.  Follow me and I'll show you how to get inside."
	"Okay, thanks again."
	They both went outside.  Yosho watched them leave, grinning a 
little.  He could see Aeka was attracted to him, which made himself happy.  
He knew Aeka was lonely, and so far, Russ was the best thing that could 
happen to her.  Sasami just rolled her eyes and returned to the kitchen.
	Walking toward the onsen, Aeka looked over at Russ, who was 
also glancing at her.  Russ immediately looked forward again, causing Aeka 
to smile.  She really hoped he was available.  He was so handsome, and so 
far, really friendly and nice.
	They reached the edge of the lake when Russ stopped.  Aeka 
turned and gestured for him to follow.
	"Uh, won't we fall into the lake if we keep going?"
	Aeka laughed.  "No, come on, I'll show you."  She took his arm 
and pulled him forward, blushing at her own boldness.
	Russ just grinned and walked forward.  At the moment when he 
went to put his foot into the lake, he and Aeka were transported to the onsen 
entrance.
	"Whoa, cool!  Teleportation!"  Russ looked behind him and saw he 
was pretty high off the ground.
	"Come on inside," Aeka said as she pushed open the door.  Russ 
followed.
	"Oh my god, this place is huge!  This is your bathroom?"  Russ 
said, as his voice reverberated around a little.  He looked at the large variety 
of tropical trees that were inside, he smelled the humid air, and listened to 
the sounds of running water.  Everything inside was made of wood, except 
for the dome over the top of the place.  It seemed that it would be very 
comfortable and relaxing for him.  He smiled and continued to look around.
	Aeka felt so happy to see someone behave almost like a child when 
he sees something new.  It was so cute.  She giggled to herself as she 
walked over to Russ again.
	"You can take a bath in that area over there.  That's the men's bath 
area" Aeka explained.
	"Okay, thank you for allowing me to use this place.  I've never 
seen anything like it."  Russ removed the shirt to his gi.  Upon removing his 
blue undershirt and revealing his entire upper body, Aeka turned completely 
red and her nose started to bleed.  She face-faulted onto the floor, but 
recovered quickly before Russ noticed.  She turned away, breathing heavily.  
No man has ever had that effect on her before.  She smiled to herself as 
Russ finished undressing and then jumped into the water.
	She turned back toward him.  "When you're finished come on back 
to the house for lunch.  Almost everybody should be there, and we have lots 
to eat, so I hope you're good and hungry."
	"Alright.  Thanks again."  Russ smiled as he watched her walk out 
the door.  He sighed to himself.  All the women in that house were 
gorgeous.  How Tenchi wound up with a houseful of them was beyond his 
comprehension.  Anyway, he knew that Aeka found him extremely 
attractive.  However, Russ decided not to make any advances until he was 
absolutely certain that she was the one for him.
	Russ quickly scrubbed himself down and hopped out of the water.  
He dried himself using his ki, and used the towel to wipe the excess water 
out of his mass of hair.  Realizing he forgot to bring a change of clothes, he 
grabbed his gi and shoved it into the water, rinsing most of the dirt out of it.  
Again using his ki, he dried it and put it back on.  He looked outside the 
onsen and saw Aeka entering the house.  Once again hearing his stomach 
start complaining, he opened the onsen door and walked out.
	"Oh crud, she didn't tell me how to get down from here.  Oh well."  
Russ used his instantaneous movement ability and teleported himself to the 
ground below.  He walked quickly back to the house, toward the back door.

	Tenchi was finishing his job of weeding the field when he felt his 
own stomach rumble a little.  He looked up at the sun's position in the sky 
and realized it was just about lunchtime.  He wiped his brow with the back 
of his hand and dumped the last of the carrots he had picked into the basket.  
Ryo-Ohki was nearby, darting through the long grasses chasing a 
grasshopper.  Tenchi watched her try again and again to pounce on that 
grasshopper, but she kept missing.  He chuckled lightly.  Reaching behind 
him, he pulled out a carrot and knelt down.
	"Here, Ryo-Ohki.  You can catch one of these things."
	She stopped in her tracks, looked over at Tenchi with her eyes 
sparkling with delight.  She then raced over and grabbed the carrot and took 
off.
	"Silly thing.  Oh well.  It's just about lunchtime so I better get back 
to the house.  I'm starved!"  He knelt down and slid the carrot basket onto 
his back and slowly stood up.  Once again the basket was heaping over with 
carrots.  Ryo-Ohki noticed him lifting the basket so she transformed into her 
human form to help.  She came up behind Tenchi and steadied him.
	"Thank you.  This thing keeps getting heavier every time I lift it.  
Well, let's go!  Sasami has lunch waiting for us."
	Ryo-Ohki meowed a couple times and did her best to help Tenchi 
carry the basket of carrots home.  While Tenchi wasn't watching, she 
quickly swiped another carrot and ate it.
	Tenchi grunted.  "I heard that.  No more carrots until we get home 
or you'll spoil your dinner.  Now let's go."
	Ryo-Ohki just sighed to herself and looked around.  Not finding 
anything of interest, she continued to help Tenchi with the basket.

	Washu was frantically typing away at her holographic laptop 
computer, trying to get a mess of data that she collected entered.  After she 
had eaten breakfast earlier in the day, she resumed her frenzy at the 
computer, still really tired from the previous night.  Her stomach croaked 
lightly, letting her know it was time for a refuel.  She sighed and lay back 
on her cushion, swiveling around in a circle.  She looked out past her 
platform at the plethora of plant life she had surrounded her area in.  She 
stood up and walked toward the door, which appeared when she got close to 
it.
	Walking through it, she found herself back in the Misaki home, but 
something was very strange.  She could sense a massive ki outside the 
house.  She cocked her eyebrow a little, and walked over to the sliding glass 
door in the living room.  The ki level was higher than anything she has ever 
felt, including herself.  Aeka was outside on her way in.  However, she 
didn't sense that power coming from her.  She looked at Aeka with 
curiosity.
	Aeka noticed it.  "Is something wrong, Miss Washu?"
	She looked over at the onsen, almost ignoring Aeka's question.
	Aeka turned around to see what Washu was staring at, and figured 
it was the onsen.  Realizing that Washu didn't meet Russ earlier, she turned 
back toward her.  "Our new visitor is taking a bath.  He'll be back here very 
shortly to eat lunch with us.  He's met everybody already except for you."
	"Oh really... Why didn't anybody come and get me?  I'm a part of 
this family too you know."  Washu glared at her.
	"Sorry, but we just figured you were busy.  You also looked very 
tired at the table for breakfast today."
	"Well, you're right on both counts.  Oh well, I'll meet him in a few 
moments.  Lets get some lunch!  I'm hungry."  They turned and walked 
toward the table.  
	Washu looked up and saw Ryoko, asleep on the beam again.  She 
walked over to the couch, grabbed one of the pillows, and taking careful 
aim, she lobbed it at Ryoko, nailing her square in the face.  However, 
Ryoko only slightly stirred, and didn't wake up.  Destined to try again, and 
snickering evilly to herself, she opened her telepathic link with Ryoko.
	"RYOKO!"  Washu shouted at her telepathically.  Ryoko flew up 
into the air, smacked into the ceiling, and fell to the floor.  She groaned as 
she got to her feet and rubbed the sleep from her eyes.
	"Why did you do that mom?  That was really rude."  Ryoko looked 
quite annoyed.
	"How much do you need to sleep anyway?  You don't do 
anything!  Besides, it's lunchtime now so take a seat at the table."  Washu 
felt a little better.  Ryoko just grumbled and plopped down in her usual spot.
	"Where's Tenchi?  Isn't he back yet?"  Ryoko looked around the 
living room and around the table.
	"He should be back very shortly.  Ryo-Ohki is with him too."
	Ryoko sighed.  "Oh, alright.  Well anyway, what's for lunch?  I'm 
starving!"
	"Who knows?  You eat everything that isn't running too fast 
anyway!"  Everybody except Ryoko started laughing.  Ryoko however, 
turned red.
	"Bah!  Who needs you anyway!"  Ryoko folded her arms and 
turned away.
	"Oh, I'm sorry little Ryoko.  Did mommy tease you a little?"
	Ryoko glared at Washu.  She couldn't stand it when her mother got 
really tired because it usually meant she was going to be picked on.   She 
sighed and looked out the window.
	Sasami entered the dining area with two plates filled with food.  
Everybody at the table had their mouths start watering as they gave various 
complements to the master chef.
	"There's more than that.  I'll be right back," she said as she 
returned to the kitchen.  A moment later, she returned with two more 
heaping plates of food.
	"This should be enough to feed everybody."  She looked around 
the table and noticed a few people were missing.  "Where are Tenchi and 
Russ?  And what about Kiyone and Mihoshi?  And father?"
	Yosho looked over at Sasami.  "Tenchi should be home in a 
moment.  Kiyone and Mihoshi are both asleep since they have that early 
morning patrol shift tomorrow.  Russ is taking a bath so I assume he'll be 
here in a few minutes.  And Nobuyuki is at work today."
	"Oh.  I guess I made a little too much food.  I was expecting 
Kiyone and Mihoshi along with Russ and father here at the table.  Well, I 
guess we'll have leftovers for a little while then."
	"I highly doubt that," Russ said as he stepped into the house.  All 
eyes turned toward him as he grinned.
	Washu nearly fell backwards when she saw him.  Her eyes 
sparkled and her heart started pounding.  She quickly stood up and flashed 
over to his side and grabbed his arm.
	"Hi, I'm Washu.  I presume you're Russ?  Pleased to meet you."  
She gave him a big hug.
	"I uh... I mean uh...  nice to meet you too."  Russ had a real 
confused look on his face as he started to perspire.
	Aeka grabbed Washu.  "Go sit down, little Washu, and eat your 
lunch," Aeka said through clenched teeth.
	"What's the matter?"
	"Nothing will be the matter if you go sit down and eat your lunch.  
Get me?"  Aeka looked quite mad.  The vein popping out of her head made 
her look even more furious.
	Washu got the message.  "Okay, okay, you win."  She looked back 
at Russ, who still looked confused.  Damn, was he good looking!  Washu 
returned to her seat at the table.
	Russ finally snapped out of it.  "Well, where should I sit?"
	Aeka gestured to a cushion to her side.  "Come sit over here, 
Russ."
	"Okay.  Wow, that food looks pretty good."  His stomach once 
again made a loud croaking noise.  Everybody stared at him as Russ started 
laughing.  "I guess I'm more hungry than I thought."
	"Yeah, no kidding.  Sounds like your stomach is going to eat you if 
you don't feed it."  Ryoko smirked.
	Tenchi slid back the kitchen door and entered the dining area with 
a bunch of plates.  He looked around the table and saw everybody there.  He 
smiled in acknowledgement and he set the plates down in the middle of the 
table.  Ryoko grabbed him and pulled him down to his seat.
	"Come on, Ryoko.  I still have to get the chopsticks and napkins."
	"Don't worry, Tenchi, I've already gotten them," Sasami said, as 
she put the utensils on the table.  Russ glanced at the chopsticks with a 
worried expression.
	"I've never used chopsticks before.  I'll be right back.  I'm going 
to my ship to grab my spork."  Russ stood up and walked to the middle of 
the living room.  He snickered.  Everybody turned toward him.
	"Watch this."  He put two fingers to his forehead and vanished.  A 
moment later, he reappeared with his spork in hand.  Everybody's jaw 
dropped except for Yosho's.  Washu narrowed her eyes a little after 
recovering from her initial shock.  Ryoko did the same.  Aeka, Sasami, and 
Tenchi all still had a dumbfounded look on their face.
	Russ took his seat beside Aeka again and laid his spork down on 
the table.  Everybody continued to stare at him.
	"What?  That was the easiest thing to do and the quickest.  Well, 
let's eat!"
	Everybody reached for a plate, chopsticks, and a napkin.  They all 
started picking out the foods they wanted and set them on their plates.  Russ 
just waited until everybody was finished and then grabbed one of the plates 
and dumped half the food that was left on his own plate.  Russ started to 
chow down as everybody slowly stopped and stared at him.  Even Ryoko.  
They couldn't believe how fast he was eating.  Russ devoured everything on 
his plate in less than a minute.
	"Yum!  This stuff is great!"  He patted his stomach, which wasn't 
satisfied.  It croaked again.  "Oh boy.  Do you think I can have seconds?"
	"Sure, go ahead.  You can have the rest that's on the table."  Yosho 
smiled.
	"Are you sure?  Don't any of you guys want more?"
	Ryoko grabbed one of the plates and dumped a little more food 
onto her own.  Everybody else shook his or her head.  Russ reached over 
and grabbed the second plate, dumping the food onto his own, and inhaling 
that stuff in less than a minute.  He grabbed the third plate and ate 
everything off of it.  Russ eyeballed the last plate.
	"Could somebody pass that last plate of food over there?"  
Everybody started perspiring, but Aeka handed him the food.  Russ ate it all 
in a few moments.
	Russ let out a huge belch that rattled the windows.  "Ahhh!  That 
stuff was fantastic!  Who made all of it?"
	Ryoko looked at Russ.  "Wow, that's a lot of belching power you 
have there."  Russ turned red.
	"Sorry about that.  That was rather rude."
	Sasami smiled.  "I made all that food.  I'm glad you enjoyed it."
	"Really?  You're a great cook.  I'm impressed.  I can cook some 
foods too.  I'll have to learn how to make some of the stuff you do and I'll 
show you some of the stuff I've eaten before."
	"That'd be great!"  Sasami smiled.
	Everybody continued to stare at Russ.  They had barely touched 
their food since they were all staring at him almost the entire time.  Ryoko 
ate everything on her plate though.  She couldn't believe someone had an 
appetite larger than her own.
	"This guy is going to eat us out of house and home if we're not 
careful," Ryoko mumbled to herself.
	"Now, now, Ryoko.  He's a guest here.  It won't do us any good to 
have him starve to death."  Yosho whispered over to her.
	"How could he starve to death eating that much food," she shot 
back.
	Russ noticed them whispering back and forth.  "Don't worry too 
much.  I don't eat every single day.  I eat a ton of food about every two or 
three days and that's enough to satisfy me for that long.  If I eat something 
smaller, then I just eat more often."
	Ryoko looked back to him.  "Well, I guess that's okay.  I do, 
however, have you to thank for moving in with us, since now I can share a 
room with my Tenchi."  She grabbed him in a hug and snuggled up close 
with him.
	"Ryoko, stop it!  Come on, go sit over there."  Tenchi tried to push 
her off but she held on tight.
	Everybody except Russ ignored them, since that was a common 
sight for them.  Russ just watched with mild interest.
	Everybody finished his or her lunch shortly thereafter.  Sasami 
sighed as she picked up all the chopsticks and napkins and started piling the 
dirty dishes in a stack.  Ryoko floated back up to her beam, and Aeka stood 
up and left the room.  Yosho walked out of the house on his way back to the 
shrine.
	"Can I help you with the dishes, Sasami?"  Russ asked.
	She looked up at him and smiled.  "Thank you very much!  Just 
grab that stack of dishes and bring them into the kitchen."
	"Okay."  He watched Sasami leave the living room.  Washu was 
still sitting at the table, staring at him with a smile.
	"I need to talk to you in a bit, okay, Washu?  I'm hoping you can 
help me out with something."
	"Sure.  Just come into my lab when you're ready, alright?"
	"Great!   Where's it at?"
	"Over there," she said, pointing at the closet door.  Russ scratched 
his head, but decided not to argue.
	"Um, okay.  See you in a few minutes."
	Washu snickered to herself as she opened the door and walked 
inside.  Russ sighed and grabbed the dishes and carried them into the 
kitchen.  
	Sasami was at the counter wiping it down.  She turned toward him 
as he entered.
	"Just put them here in the sink and I'll take care of it, okay?"
	"Oh, that's okay.  I'll wash them and put them away too.  I may be 
a guest here, but I'll also be living here for a while.  I can't be a total 
freeloader."
	Sasami's mouth dropped, but she smiled in her cutest way.  
"Thanks.  Really, only my sister and I take care of the house.  Nobody else 
does much of anything.  Tenchi takes care of the field and whatever else 
needs to be done, I cook, and my sister does whatever else that we don't 
do."
	"Ahhh, I see.  Well, I'll help out as much as I can."
	Russ and Sasami quickly cleaned up the mess, and then Russ 
returned to the living room.  He looked at the closet door that Washu said 
her lab was in.  He walked up to it and pushed the door open and stepped 
inside.  Now in some sort of very short hallway, he opened the second door 
that was at the end of the hallway and stepped inside this huge room, 
surrounded in bright light with an abundance of plant life.  
	He saw Washu sitting on a cushion in front of her computer.  After 
entering, he knocked lightly on the door to get her attention.  She swiveled 
toward him.
	"Hi there, Washu.  Can I speak to you?"
	"Sure, come on over here.  What do you want to talk to me about?"
	"I need a favor.  I know I'm new, and I just met you about twenty 
minutes ago and I don't have any right to ask you this..."
	"It's okay," Washu interrupted.  "What is it you need?"
	"Well, okay.  Everybody said you were the scientific genius of the 
house, so I figured you'd be my best bet.  I need a room where I can adjust 
the gravity in it.  I need it for training.  The gravity on this planet is way too 
light to get any kind of good workout on it."
	"I see.  I think I can accommodate you there.  But first..." she 
snapped her fingers.  "I'm going to need to examine you a little."
	Russ started perspiring as a black globe appeared behind him and 
released a bunch of arms that grabbed him.  He yelped in surprise.
	"What is this thing?"
	"Don't worry, I'm just going to run a few tests on you.  Strictly 
medical."  She snickered evilly as the machine removed his clothes, except 
for his underpants.  She got a good look as his physique and she turned red.
	"Oh my, aren't you a strong one," she said as she walked up to him 
with a pair of surgical gloves.
	"Uh oh," he said, as she walked forward.  This must be what 
everybody was talking about.  "Help me!"  He yelled as she laughed 
manically.
