Disclaimer: I of course do not own any of these characters someone else 
designed and created them. I am not doing this for money so please 
don't sue me I'm totally broke anyway.

Chapter 3 
"No Need For Bounty Hunters!"



    Ken-Ohki approached the moon and created an artificial at his 
mistresses command. After Ken-Ohki landed he formed back to his white 
cabbit form. Suddenly Ken-Ohki saw Ryo-Ohki land on the other side. 

"Chow! Chow! CHOOWWW!" Pleaded the cabbit to his mistress.

" I don't know what you see in her but sense Ryoko doesn't seem to be 
with you can go but come back as soon as I call."

"Chow!" Thanked the cabbit as it ran off towards Ryo-Ohki's landing 
point.

    "All systems green, equipment double ch..." Washu started.

"Shut up Washu we don't have time. Engines full burn. LET'S 
GOOOOO!!!!!" The ship shot off. Ayeka came bursting through the door. 

"Where is she going? Never mind that, where's Lord Tenchi?" Ayeka said 
as she thought she figured it out. "She's abducted Tenchi! If only I 
had a ship. Well when Tenchi demands to come home I'll be waiting for 
that demon!" Ayeka ran inside to prepare.

"Ryoko five minutes until we approach the moon and Nagi's position." 
Washu said.

"Wrong I can see where they are I'm going down now. Hold on Tenchi I'm 
coming."

"Ryoko! Wait!" Washu yelled but Ryoko was already gone.

    "NAGI!!!!" Ryoko yelled an enraged Ryoko. 

"Calm down Ryoko I'm right here." Nagi stepped out of the shadows with 
a barely conscious Tenchi following on a wall restrained by extra heavy 
shackles.

"Tenchi! Tenchi answer me!" Ryoko screamed in horror.

Tenchi slowly lifted his head. "Ry... Ryoko be...Careful don't die on 
me (cough)." Was all Tenchi could get out before he fainted. Ryoko then 
noticed his bruised body and blood on his face.

"What did you do to him!?" Ryoko was shaking by now.

"Hey! I was going to do anything to him. I was "Talking" about rather 
unpleasantly and he started to get angry then all called you a whore 
and it pushed him over the edge and he was glowing with a dark blue 
aura and then just started fighting me. He took a pretty good chunk out 
of me but it's not nearly as bad as it was." Nagi removed her cloak to 
show her side which had a huge gash and blood still flowing. Ryoko was 
shocked just because Nagi was saying bad things about her. She shook 
her head and decided to think on that later.

"Let's go Nagi!" Ryoko cried as she lunged at Nagi beam sword in hand. 
Nagi countered it fairly easily though and tried a counter-attack Ryoko 
parried and the battle ensued. After quite a while neither gained any 
upper hand or did any damage except for a few minor blows here and 
there. Ryoko was ruthlessly attack Nagi but with no apparent tactics 
just swinging like a mad man. Washu could be seen watching the battle 
having arrived about ten minutes ago. Ryoko took her sword up for an 
overhead slash and Nagi saw an opening.

"AAAAAHHHHH!!!!" Ryoko screamed as Nagi impaled her. Upon hearing this 
Tenchi awoke to see Ryoko lying on the end of Nagi's sword. Nagi threw 
her off to the side.

"Now Ryoko I'm going to kill Tenchi." Nagi said with a grin of pure 
evil.

"No... Tenchi... Washu get Tenc..." Ryoko then passed out and Washu ran 
over to her. Nagi slammed Washu away and held her sword above her head 
ready to impale Ryoko again. She brought the sword down but it never 
connected with Ryoko it hit a glowing red Light Hawk Wing. She turned 
to see Tenchi his energy even higher than before wearing the same armor 
as last time but a red aura surrounding his body. Tenchi reached yet 
another new stage because he suspected Ryoko was dead or going to die.

"NAGI!!!!!!!! YOU WILL DIE THIS DAY!" Tenchi screamed as he started 
moving so fast it was impossible to see. Nagi heard something behind 
her and turned to see Tenchi who immediately formed the Light Hawk 
Sword but he didn't use it instead another wing appeared in the others 
place and Tenchi hurled it at Nagi again sending her flying. Tenchi had 
different plans this time he appeared behind Nagi; who was still being 
pushed by the wing and when she reached him he impaled her right 
through the heart and just shook his head as the sword became a fourth 
wing. Tenchi then teleported to Washu and Ryoko. Washu was shocked by 
the new power Tenchi was wielding.

"How is she Washu?" Tenchi asked extremely worried.

"She's alive that's about as best I can say but she's severely 
wounded." Washu said. Tenchi picked Ryoko up in his arms and the red 
aura became brighter.

"Washu touch my back."

"Uhh... Tenchi I know I'm cute nut now's not the bes..."

"Washu!" Washu complied and touched Tenchi's back. Suddenly a 
transparent red shield formed around them and they shot towards earth 
in a beam of light.

    Meanwhile in the dimension known only to the three goddesses Tokimi 
sat on her thrown with her eyes closed watching as Tenchi, Washu, and 
Ryoko went back to earth. 

"So, Nagi failed. Only a minor setback but it seems I will have to take 
care of them in person." Tokimi started laughing and the dimension 
known only to the three goddesses faded away.

Tenchi teleported Ryoko, Washu, and himself into her lab. "Tenchi, get 
Ryoko onto that bed I'll prepare all necessary equipment for her 
rehabilitation." Washu shouted as Tenchi laid Ryoko down. Tenchi 
started to waver from the energy he was using up. Suddenly he dispersed 
the Light Hawk Wings and started to collapse but stopped and shook his 
head.
"No, I have to keep a watch on Ryoko, she was always there when I 
needed her most out by the cave when I was little, now it's my turn to 
be there for her." Tenchi said.

"Tenchi come get some rest there's nothing else we can do but wait till 
the process is complete." Washu said soothingly.

"NO, I won't leave her. Washu go explain what happened to the others 
but watch out for Ayeka she probably took this the wrong way."

"All right Tenchi. Good Night." Washu said as she walked out preparing 
for the night of hell she would be enduring.

    "WWWWHHHHAAAAATTTTT!!!!?????" So you're saying Tenchi was kidnapped 
by the number one bounty hunter in the universe as bait for Ryoko?!" I 
hold that Demon totally responsible for Tenchi's kidnapping! Wait! 
Where is Tenchi? If he was harmed so help me I'll..." Ayeka was cut a 
off (Thank god.) by Washu.

"Actually Ayeka you won't do anything and Tenchi only took minor 
injuries... For Ryoko."

Ayeka was shocked. "What do you mean Washu?!"

"Ryoko was pretty pissed when Nagi did that and went to fight her. 
Ryoko would have won had she not let her emotions get her carried away. 
She was impaled and Tenchi then became enraged and swatted Nagi around 
and killed her... With red Light Hawk Wings!" Washu said angrily.

"Red! Those are the most powerful of all, but only the space tree 
Tsunami can create those wings, but with much difficulty." Ayeka said.

"Oh." Was all Washu could get out.

"Hey wait Washu don't change the subject. Now WHERE'S TENCHI!"

"He's with Ryoko. I told him he needed to get some rest but he would 
not come I just don't get it I knew Tenchi had a kind heart but... Oh, 
never mind." Said Washu walking to the kitchen to get something to eat.

    "Ryoko... Please you have to get better please don't leave me." 
Tenchi said after a week beside Ryoko's bed in Washu's lab. "This is 
all my fault. If I had helped her sooner this wouldn't of happened. 
When she wakes up I should tell her my true feelings for her... But I 
just can't work up the courage to do it." Tenchi said exhausted.

    In the dimension known only to the three goddesses. "Well D-3 what 
do you want." Tokimi said an apparition suddenly appeared in the form 
of a mans head with blue eyes.

"As if you didn't already know Lady Tokimi." The goddess just smiled. 
"You know you can't continue to keep Ryoko and Tenchi apart. They will 
soon break your control" D-3 said. 

"That boy. If Ryoko and him ever get together it means under certain 
circumstances his true power will be unleashed. The goddess said a hint 
of anger in her voice.

"And what might those circumstances be Lady." D-3 questioned 

"If she were to die or be harmed after he had expressed his true 
feeling. His power probably would increase to that of mine if not 
greater. I might just let up my hold over him it might be interesting."

     The next morning Tenchi awoke after accidentally falling asleep, 
but Ryoko wasn't there. "Oh great Ryoko must have gotten better!" 
Tenchi was about to dash out and make sure he was correct but 
remembered the last time something like this had happened to Ryoko. The 
situation was the same he had been by Ryoko's side and had fallen 
asleep and when he woke up she was gone. This had scared him he ran out 
and fell and nearly broke his arm and Ryoko had been ok. Today he was 
sleepy so he wasn't going to run. Tenchi got up still looking half 
asleep and walked out. He started walking down the and slipped. 
"WWWWHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!" CRASH! He landed right on top of Ryoko 
and in between her breasts.

"Tenchi if you wanted some all you had to do was ask, you didn't have 
to jump all over me, I think you've been around me to long." Ryoko said 
in a seductive and childish way.

"WHHAAAH!" Tenchi reared his head back. "I'm really sorry Ryoko."

This puzzled Ryoko usually Tenchi would yell at her or something. 
"Sorry?" She said in disbelief. Suddenly Tenchi hugged her.

"Ryoko thank god you're all right. I'm sorry for not helping you sooner 
I just couldn't muster any strength until after you were hurt and then 
I became enraged by the fact that Nagi almost killed you that I just 
went over the edge..." Tenchi was silenced when Ryoko put a finger to 
his mouth.

"Don't worry it's ok. Now I was coming to tell you Sasami has breakfast 
ready and that she won't stand for you to miss another meal."

"Oh if that's the case we better go." With that they walked into the 
kitchen.

"Lord Tenchi thank goodness you're all right!" Ayeka said as she 
glomped on Tenchi. "And you Ryoko you dragged Tenchi right into the 
middle of YOUR problems."

"Hey, I didn't mean to Nagi took him without warning. Hell if it 
weren't for Tenchi I'd of killed." Tenchi cringed at the thought of 
Ryoko being killed.

"Well I'm sure Lord Tenchi felt very inconvenienced and disgusted being 
involved in your problems or even being with or around you!" Ayeka's 
words were harsh and made Tenchi very angry.

"I don't think Tenchi would..." Ryoko was cut off on prolonging the 
argument when Tenchi stood up.

"Ayeka what's wrong with you, come on stop doing that to her!" Tenchi 
yelled.

"I... I'm sorry Lor..." Ayeka stuttered and was then interrupted by 
Tenchi again.

"AYEKA SHUT UP!!!! I don't want to hear it! I can't stand it when 
people talk to her like that!" Tenchi said then stormed out of the 
kitchen and up to his room.

    "So you released your hold on them Tokimi." D-3 said

"Yes I think it will be interesting to see his true power. And to fight 
him." 

"Lady you're not actually going to handle them yourself are you?" D-3 
asked with an astonished look.

"Yes I am D-3. Now leave me."

"Yes my lady."

     Meanwhile back at the Masaki home Ryoko was floating towards 
Tenchi's door to ask him why he did what he did when she heard him 
arguing with himself and decided to listen.

"Darn Ayeka! I love her but not the way she would prefer she's like a 
sister to me. She thinks I like her for some reason and intervenes 
whenever Ryoko can get me alone. Why can't she just see it, she usually 
catches on to things real fast but she certainly can't see that I'm in 
love with..." Ryoko heart started pounding uncontrollably. "Ryoko." 
CRASH!!!! Tenchi's door was knocked of it's hinges, and into a thousand 
little chips for that matter. "Yiiippppeee!" Ryoko yelled with glee as 
she tackled Tenchi with extreme bone crushing force and began kissing 
him. " Hey! Ryo... Mph, mphh." Were the only sounds could be heard as 
Ryoko shut Tenchi up with a kiss.

"Shut up Tenchi!" Ryoko said as she started to kiss him again. {Man, I 
could get used to shutting him up like this.} She thought as she melted 
into the kiss. They broke off and Tenchi was beet red and looked 
extremely confused. 

"Ryoko... Were uhh you just uummmm outside my door?" Tenchi managed to 
spit out.

"Yep."

(groan) Tenchi fainted after that, but regained consciousness about 
fifteen minutes later.

"Tenchi. Tenchi wake up." Ryoko said quietly.

"Ohhh, my head. Oh! Hey Ryoko I just had the weirdest dream about you."

"It wasn't a dream." She said with a smile.

(groan) Tenchi was about to faint again when.

"Ah ah ahhh. Don't fall asleep again Tenchi Sasami wants us down for 
dinner right now."

"Oh, well uummm... Ok let's go, but Ryoko don't say anything to Ayeka 
ok."

"OHHH, but why Tenchi are you ashamed to admit you love me?" Ryoko 
wailed.

"uhhh... no it's nothing like that... It's just you never know what 
Ayeka might do. I mean she has an empire backing her."

"Well, since you put it that way I guess I MIGHT be able to control 
myself. But remember no promises." She said with a smile and phased out 
into the kitchen.

"What took you so long Ryoko!" Ayeka yelled her teeth turning into 
fangs. "If you did anything to Lord Tenchi I'll!"

"She didn't do anything to me Ayeka I promise. Now calm down." Tenchi 
comforted her.

"Hey Tenchi, I made your favorite tonight." Sasami said as Tenchi sat 
down.

"Yeah, looks great Sasami." Tenchi said a little less enthusiastic than 
usual as he saw Ryoko looking at him, it just seemed different now like 
there was more happiness or something.

They at their meal in silence until Ayeka noticed the way Tenchi and 
Ryoko were looking at each other. She was about to say something but 
decided to aggravate Ryoko by scooting closer to Tenchi. Ryoko saw this 
and was about to react but realized she didn't need to fight anymore so 
she shrugged it off. This took Ayeka completely by surprise.

"All right what's going on?!" Ayeka yelled.

"Ohh man." Tenchi groaned. "Ayeka... It's nothing don't worry about 
it." Tenchi lied. Ayeka was able to see right passed it.

"Lord Tenchi. Tell me I won't do anything rash. I mean how bad could it 
be?" 

Tenchi looked at Ryoko and his head fell down in guilt. Ayeka caught on 
quickly. "Ayeka I think we need to..." Tenchi looked up to see Ayeka's 
eyes full of tears.

"Tenchi how... Could you... How could you choose this... this DEVIL 
WOMAN over me?" Ayeka screamed. This really pissed Tenchi off.

"Because I love her. Ayeka I love you to but not the way you're hoping. 
I hope my decision does not cause you to leave because that's not what 
I want. You must accept my decision that I'm IN LOVE with Ryoko. And I 
don't ever want to hear you say that again!" Ayeka couldn't control
herself after that and ran to her room in tears.

Tenchi looked at everyone at the table while Ryoko was hugging and 
kissing him repeating the words "You do truly love me. This is the 
happiest day of my life!" Sasami looked very embarrassed at her 
sister's behavior but her frown quickly turned to a smile.

"I'm so happy for you Ryoko you finally get your wish. And before you 
say anything else I just wanted to say that if it wasn't Ayeka then I'm 
glad it was my best friend Ryoko." This caused Ryoko to get a little 
teary eyed.

"Thank you Sasami. Sasami how would you like to be the flower girl?" 
Tenchi turned beet red but Sasami's face lit up.

"Yeah I'd love to!"

"Now wait just a minute. Ryoko don't jump to conclusions I'm only 
seventeen." Ryoko looked at him and started using her pitiful voice.

"Tenchi does that mean you might find another girl?" Now it was 
Tenchi's turn for a little flattery.

"Now Ryoko you should know that there's no way any other person can 
even come close to matching your beauty or originality." 

"Oh Tenchi, you are just so sweet!" Ryoko said as she gave Tenchi a 
bone-crushing hug. Now they both turned to Washu who was crying. "Hey 
what's wrong... Mom?" Ryoko said but with actual compassion. Washu 
looked up.

"Oh Ryoko I don't know if I should be happy you found happiness or be 
angry because I lost Tenchi to my own daughter."

"Probably the later, look how happy I am." Ryoko said as she put her 
arms around Tenchi's neck and Tenchi put his arm around her waist not 
meaning to cause harm it was more of an urge. Washu just stared at them 
for about five seconds then broke down into tears and Mihoshi like 
wails.

"WWWWWHHHHHHHHAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!! You do look happy." Ryoko and 
Tenchi were now covering their ears.

"MOM! Calm down it'll be ok I'm sure you'll meet someone." Washu calmed 
down when a soft whistling noise could be heard which was quickly 
growing louder. Tenchi got up and started walking toward the door.
"Oh god, please don't let it be Mihoshi." Tenchi's hopes were in vain 
in fact the situation was worse. There was Mihoshi's ship jammed into a 
giant red ship that appeared to have arms and a handheld battle axe and 
gun and on the side it said "Outlaw Star". Tenchi quickly locked the 
door and closed his eyes.
Authors note: Ok Sorry to leave you hanging but I'll have the next 
chapter out as soon as I can which I am planning to be much longer than 
my previous ones.
Send flames or Praises to Bomberini@AOL.com. 

