This is my first tenchi fanfic. Hirohoto is made up because I felt 
it'd be cheap and tacky to just name the mobile suit D-Hell. Ein 
is a character from DOA2, but this ein is nothing like him. I only 
took the name.  If you enjoy it, send me an email, PLEASE. 
mat.gilbert@worldnet.att.net  even if you read it send me an 
email. I worked hard on it.  Here's a good story!

Tenchi Muyo is owned by Pioneer and AIC, Gundam is owned by 
BanDai, I just made the story.  

Without no further interuptions, I present, NO NEED FOR STRANGERS! 
(completely commercial free!!!)   ^_^

No Need For Strangers!

	It was a cold winter day...Tenchi was out for a walk.  "How 
nice and peaceful it is out here, finaly an escape from Aeka and 
Ryoko."  He sat down on a rock to eat his lunch. "Rice cakes, ha 
ha." All the sudden, he was rocked by a loud explosion and a large 
robot-type ship wielding a large green beam scythe rocketed 
through the air and severed two other robots in half.  Tenchi 
didn't know whether to be interested or scared.  So he ran. Ryoko 
was sleeping on an arch leading to the masaki shrine when she 
heard this.  She quickly went to tenchi.  Tenchi was running on a 
path, scared and tired.  Ryoko appeared in front of Tenchi and he 
slammed into her, knocking them down.  "What the heck are you 
doing here?" Tenchi exclaimed.  "Oh well I heard an explosion and 
I was scared Tenchi, HOLD ME!"  Ryoko jumped into tenchi's open 
arms.  Bewildered by the mechas and by ryoko's relentless flirting 
yet again Tenchi fainted.
	
	 When he came to, Tenchi was on his bed, and could hear loud 
machinery working outside.  He stepped outside to see this huge 
mecha he'd seen before, except Washu and sombody were working on 
it! "Washu, turn the beam polarity up, maby I can get more energy 
into the center of it!"  "Yeah good idea" said Washu.  The other 
person jumped down from the end of the scythe and introduced 
himself.  "I'm Ein."  "Nice to meet you, I'm Tenchi Musaki"  "This 
is my mobile suit, Hirohoto.  It's designed after another suit 
called "D-Hell" that  was used in a war between colonies and a 
planet in a nearby galaxy. I made a copy of it, and a small 
faction of the defeated forces thought I was one of the real 
Gundams."  "Is it an exact copy?" queried Washu.  "No, I didn't 
have access to the real D-Hell.  I was just using it for research, 
and to defend my small mining base.  The rebel group who found me 
and tried to chace me down has been after me for about three 
months now. I wound up somewhere in this solar system, and luckaly 
found this planet.  I'm lucky I've figured out how to pilot it 
fairly quickly or I'd be dead meat." Tenchi went up and inspected 
the suit.  "It sure is menacing".  "Yeah, you'll have that", 
quipped Ein.  Then he saw Ryoko.  He couldn't believe his eyes. He 
knudged Tenchi, "Hey, who's that hottie over there tenchi?"  "Oh 
her" tenchi said in an aprehensive voice.  "What's wrong with her?  
I kinda like her."  "She was imprisioned by my grandfather 2000 
years ago and I accidentally released her. He had contained her 
because a mad scientest named Kagato was trying to use her to 
obtain Tsunami, Jurai's greatest spaceship." "Uhhh..."  Ein looked 
confused. "But for all intensive purposes, she's about 17!" said 
Washu.  "Oh yeah, Ein meet Washu" tenchi said.  "We've allready 
met Tenchi! How'd ya think we got all this heavy machinery here!" 
Tenchi felt stupid "Oh yeah" Washu smiled as she went up and 
hugged Tenchi "Now gimmie a kiss Tenchiiiii!!!" Tenchi screamed as 
he slung Washu off and ran away.  Ein and Washu laughed.  "So 
Washu, is it always like this around here?"  "No". said Washu, 
"But it's always interesting."  

	When Tenchi got back he introduced Ein to Sasami, Aeka, 
Mihoshi, and his father and grandfather. "Hey Tenchi what about 
that blue haired girl, what happened to her?"  "My father 
probbably sent her out to get some sake, she'll be back in a 
little while."  "Say Tenchi" asked Ein "Got anywhere I can put my 
stuff?" "Yeah bring your stuff and you can stay in my room while 
you are here."  "Oh thanks for the hospitality Tenchi!"  "Oh don't 
mention it Ein, stay as long as you like!  Say you think you could 
teach me how to pilot one of those robots?"  "Sure Tenchi, if 
Washu can make one."  "If??" Tenchi laughed.  
	
	Sasami ran outside to tell Ein it was dinner time. "I'll be 
right in, I just need to make a couple more adjustments." Ein came 
in and was amazed at all the food.  "Wow, you've certainly made a 
whole load of food!"  "Oh it's nothing Ein."  Ein sat next to 
Tenchi and ate all the food ravenously.  "You'd think he hadn't 
eaten in days!" said Mihoshi.  "Well that isn't far from the 
truth, heh." Several times Ryoko caught Ein staring at her. She 
gave him a nasty look as he looked away and snickered. She wasn't 
sure what to make of Tenchi's new friend. "Oh yeah Washu", Ein 
said with a mouthfull of food, "Tenchi said he'd like to try to 
pilot a Gundam, er Mobile suit!" "Gundam? What's a Gundam?" asked 
Aeka.  "Well, during the war, the original suits were dubbed 
"Gundams" because they were made out of a material called.." 
"GUNDANIUM ALLOY!" bellowed Washu. Washu 1 & 2 popped up chanting 
"Washu You're The Greatist!" "Washu You're NUMBER 1!" "Yeh Washu" 
sighed Ein. "Sometimes I catch myself calling Hirohoto a Gundam 
because I wish it was!" "Well...if we do some tests on your suit, 
I'm SURE we could make one for Tenchi!"   

	Everybody gathered outside to watch as Ein grabbed the pull 
rope as it hoisted him up into his suit. He winked at Ryoko and 
smiled.  Ryoko looked puzzled and looked to Tenchi who was looking 
over Washu's shoulder as she went off on her console. "Hey 
Sasami," Ryoko called her over ,"Why do you think Ein keeps 
staring at me and doin wierd stuff?" "Welll Ryoko, maby he likes 
you!  You do the same stuff to tenchi you know!" Ryoko blushed. "I 
dunno Sasami, he's kind of wierd, don't you think?"  But by the 
time she finished her sentence while looking at the Mobile Suit, 
Sasami was watching as Washu began to make targets and things 
appear.  "So" Ein's voice seemed to be coming from his suit "what 
should I do Washu?"  "Well, I have several sensors about to see 
how quick this mobile suit can go and what it's capabilities are!  
Just take it out and make the targets go boom K?"  "Ok, rodger 
that Washu"

	All the sudden about fifty large rockets lifted off and 
started flying about in erratic manner.  Supprised by the boom, 
and taking advantage of the situation, Aeka and Ryoko both tried 
to grab and hold Tenchi at the same time. Aeka and Ryoko let go of 
tenchi.  "MISS RYOKO, WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING!?!?"  "The 
same thing you are girly girl!" retorted Ryoko.  "Here they go 
again" sighed Tenchi. The explosions behind Tenchi were just as 
loud as the ones above. 

	Tenchi was impressed at how thorough and swift Ein was in his 
piloting.  He took out  two targets with his scythe as he bashed 
another with a massive sharp arm guard.  "Watchout!" Washu mumbled 
to herself as ten rockets launched a birage of small flak bursting 
rockets.  Hirohoto closed it's wings and braced from the impact.  
"Let's do some drilling with some other suits.  I gathered the 
data from your suit and these should be like the ones  you fought, 
what were they called, Leos?"  "Yeah that's them" Ein's voice 
squaked over the radio.   Several lines appeared and then about 50 
leos appeared in mid-air and so began another birrage on the 
Hirohoto.  Ein took off with dashing speed.  Cutting one bashing 
the other.  Five minutes later they were all gone.  "Nice job Ein" 
complimented Washu.  "Now I see somthing about these 
nasty.....Mobile Dolls?  "Yeah, they were Mobile Suits with the 
data from pilots, they were far supirior to actual pilots" Ein 
said.  "I've never fough one, and I saw them as dangerous and 
feared them.  I'll try anything once! BRING IT ON!" the sound of 
determination was echoing through his voice. Ein looked up at the 
picture on the inside of his cockpit "We can do it..together" he 
said to the picture. A large suit appeared and Ein fired the 
machine cannons on the shoulders and to the supprise of the croud, 
the suit dodged it.  He engaged in a beam fight with the mobile 
doll.  The doll bounced Ein apart from it about a mile and 
rocketed ein back after it. Ein and the doll engaged in a stare 
down, and then an earth shattering boom as the two suits flew at 
each other at a blinding speed.  Both swung their weapons and a 
large crack and boom echoed throughout the valley. Both suits 
floated motionless in the sky, with the exception of the rockets.  
Everybody was silent.  All the sudden, the mobile doll exploded. 
Everybody cheered.  Ryoko thought to herself "Not bad." 

	"Ok, that's enough for now!" proclaimed Washu.  "I'll have 
Tenchi's completed soon!"  As he landed his mobile suit, Aeka 
asked to see the cockpit.  "It's a wonderful machine!" proclaimed 
Aeka.  "Hey Ryoko wanna see the inside?" Ein yelled down to her 
with a big grin on his face.  "No, and frankly I wish you'd 
lea...." "Go on and go up there!" said Sasami as she elbowed Ryoko 
in the side.  "Oh all right" sighed Ryoko as she appeared on the 
platform outside the cockpit.  Ein was supprised as he finaly 
hoisted himself up.  "So whaddya think?" Ein said trying to be 
smoothe.  "Well...it's kind of cramped. Looks 
really....cockpitlike."  Ryoko looked over to see Ein staring at 
her with a dumbfounded gaze.  "What are you lookin at?" Ryoko 
bursted.  "Uh er...uhm...I was just..." Ein tried to cover 
himself. A moment of dead silence instilled.  "You've got some 
fuzz in your hair." Ein was lucky to get it out. "What do you want 
from me?" Ryoko said in a mean tone. "Well you're young and, quite 
frankly the best looking girl I've seen in months, me hopping from 
space transport to transport trying to get away from those damn 
Mobile Suits." Ein put his head on the side as he relaxed on the 
inside of the door. "Space can be so cold and solitary, it messes 
with your mind. It's not like I have anywhere to go, the colony 
where I was born and where my family was got blown up in the war. 
I have nobody and nowhere to go."  Ryoko looked inside the cockpit 
where she thought she saw a picture.  It was of ein and a girl.  
Ryoko had a concerened look about her, she felt sorry for him.  
"Sorry" Oddly enough in hearing that ryoko forgot about tenchi and 
felt sorry for the lost pilot.  She leaned her head against his 
shoulder.  "Well this planet sure is nice, what do you call it?"  
"Ear.." was all she got out before dropping Ein and going off the 
instant tenchi called her name. "Shit" Ein hung from the rope to 
hoist him into the suit 20 feet in the air by his foot.

	 "Time to start making din....waAAA!!" Tenchi screamed as 
Ryoko appeared upside down in front of him. "Oooo Tenchiii! Oh you 
must have been thinking we could eat under the stars!" Ryoko said 
as she grabbed Tenchi's crotch. "Aaa get off me! I thought you 
were off  bothering Ein!"  Ryoko blushed. "Oh yes, now that 
Ryoko's interested in Ein, Lord Tenchi and I would finaly be able 
to fall in love and get married" Aeka said in a soft voice. "In 
your dreams princess! EVERYBODY knows that Tenchi and I were ment 
to be together forever!" quipped Ryoko.  "HOW DARE YOU!" screamed 
aeka as she went after ryoko.  "They sure are somthing else" 
remarked Tenchi.  "But won't you have to choose one eventually?" 
asked Ein.  "Not really, I'm definately not ready to settle down 
yet." Tenchi proclaimed as he let out a sigh.  "But I feel kind of 
lucky having you around, I mean you were really going after Ryoko. 
She hasn't even had any other guy make a pass at her for who knows 
how long!"  "Eh, I can't say I have my ways with women that I'd 
like to."  They both laughed.  "But really, who do you like 
better?"  Tenchi stopped and paused. "Well...it's hard to say bu" 
"IT'S MEEE!" Ryoko screamed as she floated on one of the 
guardians.  "MISS RYOKO WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING ON MY 
GUARDIAN?!"  "WELL MISS AEKA" Ryoko retorted in a surly voice "I'M 
GOING TO WIN TENCHI'S LOVE AND THERE IS NOTHING YOU CAN DO!"  
Tenchi and Ein burst into laughter at the Dog, er Catfight going 
on above their heads.  Ein took the bag of vegatables from tenchi 
as they walked back to begin preparing for dinner.  "So tenchi, 
you think I have a chance with her?" Ein asked smiling.  Tenchi 
laughed,"I think it's more like if you have a chance of SURVIVING 
her!"

End Episode 1

Umm ok, that was my first fanfic.  I'm currently writing another 
one.  No Need For Lost Souls!  It uncovers the sad and dark past 
of Ein.  Also, Tenchi vs. Ein!  The match of the century.  You'll 
only know what happens if you read it!  Pleas send comments/flames 
to mat.gilbert@worldnet.att.net  PLEASE!  I hope you enjoyed it!
