Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Tenchi Muyo characters or anything of that nature. 
Tenchi Muyo, all characters and names are the sole property of AIC and Pioneer. AD&D and 
Phyrexia are properties of TSR and Wizards of the Coast, respectively. I only claim 
ownership of the characters Kalog Planesmaster, the Beastmaster and the Nameless one. 
Please don't sue. I have no money whatsoever to protect myself with or to pay out.
Anyway, on with the story......
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------
				No need for New Realms : Ch.4
				Darkness and Light

	In her spell induced sleep, Sasami dreamed.  She was in a sunny field, with pink 
and white flowers in bloom.  In the distance, she could see Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, Washu 
and Mihoshi waving to her.  Laughing, she ran towards them.  When they were a short 
distance away, the sky became dark and a dark, tarry blackness formed between Sasami and 
the others.   There was the screech of metal on metal and rusty metal tentacles tipped 
with blades dripping a smoky grey substance shot from the goo towards the others. Another 
shriek of metal came from behind her. She turned in time to see a great beast made of 
metal and flesh, bone and oil rushing towards her.  She cried for Tsunami as the razored 
claws of the beast struck her.  Then the dream faded to darkness.

	Tenchi also dreamed, but not of what Sasami saw.  He saw random images of his 
life.  They came to him in a chaos of light, color and sound.  His grandmother in her 
blue kimono under the tree near Ryoko's cave........ Ryoko rising from the water in her 
cave....... Soja tearing apart around them..........  The black hole and his rescue of 
Ayeka and Mihoshi from Dr. Clay's ship..........  Ryoko and him kissing and watching the 
sunset on the Queen of the Seas.........  Ryoko...........

	The thoughts fell back into order and Tenchi began to regain consciousness.  When 
he first opened his eyes, the harsh light that flooded into them was blinding.  He 
blinked, allowing his vision to adjust. 

	"He's coming around."  said a voice near him.  He turned his head to see who it 
was.  Ayeka sat on her knees next to him, with a relieved look on her face.  "You are 
finally awake, Lord Tenchi.  You have had us worried."

	Tenchi slowly sat up.  He still felt weak from the energy drain.  When he propped 
himself up on his hands into a sitting position, he noticed he wasn't wearing his armor.  
He saw it lying on the ground a few feet away, the skull helmet glaring at him with it's 
terrible visage. Someone had dressed him in his bed clothes.

	"How long have I been out?" asked Tenchi, turning to Ayeka.

	"For the better part of a day.  We were worried you wouldn't ever wake up for a 
while.  Ryoko has been at your side for most of it, but Washu took her away to rest." 
replied Ayeka.

	"Is Ryoko doing ok?  How bad was she hurt?" he asked.

	"Her left arm was broken,  but it healed in a matter of hours.  She has been 
asleep for a little while, at Washu's orders, but I think she'll want to see you." she 
answered.

	Tenchi smiled. He slowly got up and pulled on his gear, but left the helmet on his 
sleeping bag.  He found the others sitting by a fire, cooking their food.  Since he had 
no idea what time it was, he couldn't guess at what meal it was.  All he knew was that 
when he saw the food, he realized he was hungry.

	He sat down on the ground amid the welcoming conversation of the others.  They all 
were happy to see him, Ryoko especially.  He could tell she had been really worried by 
the flying tackle hug she gave him (which knocked him backwards).  Everyone just kind of 
got a good chuckle out of his plight (she wouldn't let him up).

	When things settled down a bit, they had dinner.  They filled Tenchi in on what 
had happened to them in the battle and what had happened afterwards.  The wall had fallen 
on them, they explained, but a quick barrier spell from Kendal kept them from being 
crushed.   A burst of power in one part of the barrier allowed them to get a hole in the 
rubble and let them escape from the wreckage.  Mihoshi, in her fear, had notched and 
arrow and had let it fly as soon as she had gotten out.  That lucky arrow had hit the 
monster in the eye, distracting it like when a person gets a speck of dirt in their eye.

	They had watched as Tenchi's power exploded, consuming the beast in it's fury.  
They said they had to shield their eyes, due to the intense light.  They had watched him 
stumble from the burning mass of reptilian skin, bone and charred muscle.  And they had 
seen him collapse.

	They had rigged a tent over him to protect him from the elements so he could 
recover.  Kendal and Washu went to the remains of the tower while Ayeka and Mihoshi 
watched over him.  They found Ryoko buried beneath the heavy stones of the tower, on the 
wreckage of the second floor.  Her armor was  holding up, but her arm was at an odd 
angle.  And the blood trickling from the fanged jaws of her skull helm made Washu a bit 
nervous.  Fortunately, a gash across the head and the broken arm were all that afflicted 
her.  

	Despite the pain, she flew back to camp, and sat at Tenchi's side for most of the 
night, praying over him and shedding many tears.  It wasn't until after breakfast Washu 
got her to get some sleep.  That is when they took the tent down and got some rest 
themselves.  Tenchi had woken up soon after them, several hours later, and now it was 
dinner.

	"Well boy, that was quite a feat you pulled!" commented Kendal. "Never seen 
anything like that in my life! You can bet that the history books will be talking about 
you, no doubts to that."

	Tenchi laughed a bit.  Him, making history on a world he didn't know existed.  But 
then again, slaying Kagato would probably mean he would be making history in his own 
universe.

	"Anyway," said Ayeka. "Now that we did what we came here to do, I think we should 
leave.  Given that these mountains are a dangerous place, we should leave post haste."

	"I couldn't agree with you more, princess, but there is a problem.  How are we 
gonna leave?" asked Washu.  "When the tower collapsed, it killed  most of our horses and 
the ones that weren't crushed bolted. We got a long walk if we are going to get back."

	"Well, why don't you use one of your spells? Summon something to carry us, or send 
us to a place we could go." said Ryoko.

	"We could do that, but what would you summon?" asked Kendal.  "And just because 
you summon something, doesn't mean it has to obey you.  That elemental I summoned was 
only partially under my control."

	"Yes," agreed Washu. "And translocation spells are sketchy at best. I wouldn't 
recommend them. I don't know them well enough to trust them."

	"Yeah, and I don't know any ones that could carry a large group. I only know ones 
that work on one person. And those take alot out of me." added Kendal.

	"I could teleport us one at a time to......." Ryoko began.  She was cut off by the 
howling of a great wind.  Loose dust and small stones formed a churning cyclone around 
them.   Their fire became a column of smoke.  A brilliant flash made them shield their 
eyes, and when they could see again, the wind was gone.  The fire was out, and in it's 
place, there stood the one that had brought them to this world.  Her cyan hair was not 
disturbed by the breeze.

	"Well done, my friends, well done." she clapped.  "You have done well, and the 
Master sends his congratulations."

	Ayeka was the first to speak.  "We have completed the task you have set before us.  
Could you please return Sasami to us and let us go home?"

	"I could, but your job is not entirely done."

	"What do you mean 'not done'?"  demanded Ryoko.  "We killed the Tarrasque, or 
whatever that thing is." 

	"True, you did slay it, but it is not completely dead.  As we speak, it is 
regenerating.  Within the week, it will have completely recovered from it's destruction 
and continue to exist as it has always done." replied the cyan haired being.

	"You mean we have to kill it again?" asked Ryoko.

	"No.  You have proven you could kill it.  It has suffered death only once before, 
at the hands of the Master, but he let it regrow.  The balance of creation requires that 
this beast continue to exist." answered the BeastMaster.  "What you must now do is a task 
of greater difficulty than what you have already done." 

	"More difficult than that?  What could be worse than the Tarrasque?" asked Tenchi, 
obviously awed by the implications.

	"I will show you.  Besides, once you see what the task requires, I think you will 
be more than willing to do it." The BeastMaster said. 

	"Now, as for you, wizard," she said, turning to Kendal. "Your services are no 
longer required."

	She strode towards Kendal, and he backed away in fear.  He had no idea what was 
going on or who this was, but he sensed great power at work.  The BeastMaster pointed her 
arm, palm out, towards Kendal.  The black armor she wore turned red and scaly. Curved 
white spikes grew from her fingertips and all along her arm.  Pulsing veins and sinew 
covered the metal.  Her eyes narrowed and red energy crackled in the space between her 
fingers.   A pulsing burst of energy, in the form of a meteor, shot from her palm towards 
Kendal.

	With a strangled cry, Kendal tried to block the bolt with a barrier, but it was 
for naught.  The bolt punched through the barrier like a bullet through paper.  Kendal 
was struck in the chest and red electricity coursed through him.  His features wavered 
and dissolved into mist, which vanished seconds later.

	The BeastMaster dropped her arm, which vanished into her cloak, and turned to the 
others.

	"You didn't need to kill him!" Washu exclaimed angrily.

	"He is not dead.  He was returned to his tower, and his bird also.  He will only 
have a dreamlike remembrance of the events which took place here." she explained.  "Now, 
we must be off.  Follow me."

	There was another gust of wind.  The dust swirled in a cyclone again, consuming 
the group and their camp.  They shielded their eyes from the stinging sands and grit, and 
within minutes, they were gone, the dust stopped swirling.  It fell to the earth, leaving 
no trace of the group or it's presence.

	They opened their eyes.   There was no light, but they could see each other 
clearly.   The BeastMaster stood before them, her cloak billowing out behind her.  She 
held her arms out, as if ready to embrace something.   Something was forming in the air 
between her outstretched arms.

	A mist of chaos four feet in diameter.   By the way the colors and patterns 
twisted and curved, they guessed they were witnessing a part of the Void.  As they 
watched, a singular, regular object appeared.  It twisted and dodged through the random 
emptiness.  The object was unidentifiable, but as it drew closer, they could make out 
details.   A knifeblade design, magenta in color,  with ten elegant sails. 
Tsunami........

	The familiar ship plowed through the chaos, twisting and turning to avoid the 
strange features of the Void.  Then there was a flash.  A  great darkness loomed before 
her.  The distortion of the Void made it hard to see, but it's intention was clear 
enough.  White lightning shot from the darkness, blasting through the Light Hawk Wings of 
Tsunami and tearing into her beautiful hull.

	Ayeka gasped.  "Is this happening now?" she breathlessly demanded.

	"No.  This happened a week ago by you reckoning, but only a second ago here in the 
Void. Remember, time has no meaning here." answered the BeastMaster.

	"Why didn't you do anything to stop it?" she asked, gazing with intent fear at the 
scene before her.  Tsunami had broken in two and the bow of the graceful ship had been 
engulfed with a flash by the darkness.  The other part spun away, end over end, before 
disappearing from view.

	"It was not my place to protect her from dangers she knew existed.  They desired 
to see sights besides the island, and so I let them see those sights.  Protection was not 
something I guaranteed them, however......."

	"Them.....  You mean, Sasami as well as Tsunami?" Washu asked quietly.

	"Yes.  Both of them."

	"Where are they now? We must go to them!" Ayeka said, growing a bit frantic.

	"I shall take you to the plane where they have gone down.  What you do when you 
get there is your own doing."

	The darkness turned to light as the mist of the Void condensed around them.  It 
soon drifted away like fog on a wind.  They stood on the edge of a cliff, overlooking a 
vast plain.  Rocks were strewn everywhere, and the ground looked scorched.  A great bowl-
shaped depression was visible a few miles away.  Sticking out of the depression, like a 
splinter in flesh, was the stern of Tsunami, blackened by horrible fires.

	"Her entrance to this place has not gone unnoticed," said the BeastMaster, 
pointing.  They look to where she was pointing.  At the rim of the depression, there was 
a shifting mass of darkness.  It looked like a multitude of ants. "Already the scavengers 
have descended."

	Washu cast a spell that enhanced her vision.  She gazed at the mass, and her face 
became grim. 'Those things are....unnatural." she breathed. "What kind of creatures are 
they?"

	"Phyrexians.  A race of machine-creatures that seek to dominate everything in 
creation.  They have no real chance of doing it.  Their god is not capable of leaving 
their own plane and relies on his minions.  Despite that, they are quite formidable.  I 
suspect they want Tsunami so that they may twist her powers into something they can use 
for their own ends."

	"We can't let that happen." said Ayeka.  "No one must learn the secret of the 
Royal Trees of Jurai."

	"Well, I hate to burst your bubble, princess, but I think that there are things 
out there that could care less about the secrets of the Royal Trees."  Ryoko pointed out. 
"Whatever shot down Tsunami did so with apparent ease. Your family doesn't hold a 
monopoly on that kind of power anymore."

	"They never did."added the BeastMaster.  "There are many races in the multiverse 
that posses ships that can out-perform, out-gun and out-run anything your Jurian fleet 
has or will have.  The Phyrexians are one of them.  I think that they want Tsunami so 
that the god of Phyrexia can have a personal ship that he can use to spread his 
influence."

	The two truths, so grimily pointed out, made Ayeka weak.  The power, the grandeur 
of so many years, all made lowly by these two cyan haired demons.  She could feel the 
tears in her eyes, and the eyes of the others on her. 

	"However, in your universe, your Jurian ships are the most powerful vessels, with 
your Ryo-ohki being the only other ship with their level of power.  But I do think that 
you should wrest Tsunami from Phyrexia's grip, or that may spell trouble for your own 
universe."

	"What do you mean?" asked Tenchi.

	"The Phyrexian desire of conquest.  If they take Tsunami, they will know 
everything there is to know of your universe and they will invade.  With Tsunami's power, 
no Jurian ship will be able to stand against them, as will no GP ship. Not even Ryo-ohki 
will be able to stop them."

	"So that is what you meant by us being more than willing to do this task." said 
Washu.  "The fates of our universe and Sasami hang in what we do here."

	"Yes.  And we have tarried long enough.  I will carry you to a point a half mile 
from the Phyrexian camp. You will then have to get to Tsunami and get her defenses 
going."

	They were surrounded by a cyclone of black sand.  When it dissolved, they were 
much closer to Tsunami. All their gear was in place, ready for battle.  There was a 
screeching noise, faintly audible, just over the next few hills.

	"Here is where you start you final task.  Beware the Phyrexians, they are 
powerful.  Especially beware the centipedes and Negators.  You will know why if you see 
any."

	The BeastMaster faded away into the Void.  The screeching noise was closer now.
Ryoko and Tenchi formed their energy swords.  Washu and Ayeka readied defensive spells, 
while Mihoshi nervously readied her bow.

	They didn't have long to wait.  A horde of Phyrexians came over the next hill a 
few minutes later.  They were horrible.  They looked like skeletons, with metal plates 
covering vital organs and black, metallic flesh.  They had bare, armored skulls that 
drooled a black, inky substance that hissed when it hit the ground.  Spikes and claws 
were everywhere, as was the stench of oil.  

	Fire flew from the ground before the rapidly advancing horde. Washu's first spell 
caught the first rows of Phyrexians by suprise, causing them to burst into flames.  The 
ones that followed hesitated, giving the others a chance to get off their attacks.  
Mihoshi's arrows flew, piercing bone and metal.  Bolts of crimson death rained from 
Ryoko's palm.  Fire and lightning shot from Washu, and holy energy coursed from Ayeka.  A 
great deal of the monsters fell, writhing in pain and shrieking like metal ripping.  	

	But they were only starting.  More came, and soon the fire barrier was 
overwhelmed.  Tenchi's sword slashed through the hideous beasts.  His armor held up well 
enough against the metal claws and teeth of his adversaries, be he didn't know how long.  

	Ryoko rained bolts down, and slowed the advance of the monsters some, but they 
were like a tide.  If they remained much longer, they might be overwhelmed.

	"Washu!" Ryoko called over her mental link. "Use your flight spell, or we're 
finished!"

	"Just....give..me a minute." was the answer.  Washu was busy keeping the things at 
bay, so the spell would have to wait a little while. But Ryoko didn't know how much time 
they had.  She could see a ways off from her vantage point, and they were like a river.

	Turning back, she cast more bolts of energy.  Phyrexians fell, but it seemed 
so...useless against such odds.  Then she remembered her spellbook.  She pulled the slim 
volume out and paged through it.  She found what she wanted, and smiled.  This would be 
perfect.

	Throwing her arms out and holding her sword with both hands, she chanted some 
words.  The sky boiled above her and became darker.  Fire and rock fell like rain.  
Thousands of the beasts incinerated where they stood.  But no one else was hurt.  Ryoko 
had cast a protective spell at the same time.

	The momentary lapse of the assault gave Washu the time to use her spell. They were 
aloft and soaring towards the towering hull of Tsunami, despite the screeching protests 
of the fell army below them.  

	The ground dropped away below them as they flew over the depression.  The sight 
was incredible.  The whole depression, which was at least a mile wide, was filled with 
Phyrexians. And some of them were VERY different from the ones they had seen.  

	They flew on, coming to Tsunami's hull.  There were several spider-like Phyrexians 
crawling over her, fixing great cables and hooks all over.  They blasted those within 
reach off and landed.  They were near a gash in the hull.

	"We should hurry to the ship's tree." said Ayeka.  "That is probably where Sasami 
is.  I hope they haven't done anything to her."

	The others agreed and they entered Tsunami through the gash.

	It was dark.  The creak of straining wood was everywhere, like a moan of pain.  
The scrabbling of thousands of metal claws could be heard echoing throughout the ship.

	A brilliant glow emitted from Ryoko and Tenchi's palms.  They each held a glowing 
sphere of red energy, illuminating the passages before them. With Ayeka's guidance, they 
were soon at the command section.  Suprisingly, there were few Phyrexians within the 
ship. Only more of those spider creatures, securing hooks from the inside. 

	"Here we are." said Ayeka. "We should be careful, as the deck is at a 
slaa...aaaa..AAAANT!"  

	Ayeka lost her footing, as moisture from the waters that fed Tsunami had condensed 
on the floor.  She screamed as she fell, and landed with a great splash.  The others 
looked down, suprised.  (Anime sweatdrops).

	Ryoko laughed to herself as they started down the ladder that led to the floor, 
many feet below.  They found Ayeka in a pool of water, dripping wet and very annoyed.


	"Well, you got your laugh," she huffed, "Now lets get to the tree." She stormed 
off, climbing the slanted deck.

	They rest of them just kind of rolled their eyes and followed.

	Natural light, coming from several small growths in the water made the going 
easier.  A great glowing tree and several smaller ones stood at the middle of a semi-
drained pool of water, and two figures lay unconscious at the base of the tree, encased 
in a glowing green energy field.

	"Sasami!" gasped Ayeka, obviously relieved. "And Tsunami!"

	The two looked like they were asleep.  They were partially submerged in the pool 
of water, the symbols on their foreheads glowing a brighter green.

	Ayeka climbed up to them, pulling the broken sword from her backpack.  
	
	"This part of the sword is made from the sap from this tree.  If I can get some of 
it, maybe we can repair the sword and get Tsunami running again." she explained.

	Washu nodded.  The idea could work.  It SHOULD work, she thought.

	Ayeka climbed up to the trunk of the main tree, and then gasped in horror.  The 
trunk was torn up.  Sap flowed from many deep tears, and black oil oozed out in many 
places.  Broken chunks of metal were embedded in the bark.  Tsunami was alive, but 
obviously in great pain.

	In her sadness and anger, Ayeka barely heard the others yelling.  Confused, she 
looked up to see a towering beast, made of black metal and flesh, crouched in the lower 
branched.  It had a feline design, but the rasping metal snakes that made up it's skin 
and the clawed tentacles coming out of it's back proved it was Phyrexian.

	With a screeching roar it leaped.  Ayeka covered her head and screamed, waiting 
for the deadly claws to hit.  But they never fell.   A snake of lightning had caught the 
monster in mid-leap and thrown it against the deck.  Ayeka didn't have time to see who 
had saved her, only time to run.  She skidded down the slanted deck as Tenchi and Ryoko 
rushed up.  

	The beast leaped again, and it's metal claws met blazing swords. Oil and flesh 
turned into flaming ash as the claws passed through the energy.  Tenchi dove sideways to 
avoid the onrushing mass and Ryoko teleported away.  The monster skidded down the deck 
towards the others.

	Mihoshi screamed and ducked.  The creature missed her by inches.  It hit the side 
of the ship, several hundred feet downwards, minutes later.  It shook it's head and 
screeched again.  It rushed up the deck with it's unnatural speed, tearing up the deck as 
it did.

	Whips of lightning danced across it's frame.  Smoke poured off and metal turned 
from black to red, but it didn't stop.  Arrows jammed into it's sides and head, but had 
little more effect than if they had struck putty.

	Ryoko and Tenchi struck again at the advancing beast.  Ryoko's leaping slash cut a 
tentacle from it's mounting.  Golden oil bled out, splattering on the deck.  Tenchi's 
sword raked across it's face, cutting the lower jaw into two uneven parts and dicing up 
the neck and chest.  But he has in a bad spot.  The monster slammed him with it's damaged 
claws.  Tenchi's armor cracked with a popping sound and he went flying, crashing into the 
trunk of another tree.

	White bolts of holy energy raked the thing from a new direction.  Ayeka had 
regained her composure and fired her most potent spells.  Disease that festered within 
it's system, healing it, became pure and hurt it.  Grey smoke drifted out of it's joints 
and skin.   Fire and rock slammed into it, taking a leg off and breaking a tentacle.  It 
fell to the deck in midstride, skidding into a near empty water channel.  It didn't move.

	Ryoko phased above it, and threw her arm out, palm  facing the immobile beast.  
Brilliant red bolts flashed out like machine gun bullets, striking the monster.  It was 
engulfed in fire and lightning from the discharge.  When the air cleared, it was horribly 
mangled and blazing oil was running all over the deck.

	"I think that took care of it." stated Ryoko, landing on the slanted deck.  
Mihoshi cautiosly peeked out of her hiding place (another water channel) and sighed in 
releif.  

	Tenchi carefully climbed down from where he had landed.  His movements were a bit 
jerky, as the blow that the monster had given him had been powerful.  His breastplate was 
covered in grey cracks, and the metal looked like glass that someone had punched.

	"Yes, I think it did...." he agreed.  "Ayeka, why don't you go try and get some of 
the sap now. I think that it should be safe."

	"Alright."  she carefully climbed up the now oil-slicked deck.  Water and oil made 
the deck a real mess.  But that wouldn't stop her.  She made it to the torn up tree of 
Tsunami and braced herself in a broken piece of the deck.  The sword was still in the 
spot where she had left it, set in the trees roots.  She removed it and placed it in the 
flow path of some untainted sap.  When the sticky fluid touched the hilt, it glowed in 
many colors. 

	There was a bright light, bright as a sunrise, illuminating the whole area.  
Everything seemed to heal.  Wood mended, oil faded away and metal reformed itself.  Even 
Tenchi's armor was repaired.  The Phyrexian was blasted into many small parts that were 
destroyed in the light.

	As the light faded, Ryoko sensed something was wrong.  She looked around, and then 
up.  That was when she saw it, illuminated in the glow, a creature with the same nasty 
look as the one they had just killed, but with a more sinister build.  

	It was bipedal, backwards bending legs, and had four arms, covered in scale-like 
blades.  Tentacles of chain and cable draped from it's shoulders and the skull of some 
horned reptile glared at her with two glowing embers.  It was hanging upside-down from 
the ceiling by it's clawed feet. But not now......
	
	It dropped like a rock, slamming into the deck so hard it trembled.   It was 
between Ayeka and the others.  Ayeka screamed and they tried to get to her.  The monster 
opened it's jaws and a terrible wail emitted.  It drove them to their knees.  They 
couldn't concentrate, only hold their ears against the pain.  Ayeka shakily held the 
sword before her.  A blue light came from it and she seemed to get stronger.  The sword 
was protecting her from the awful banshee wail.

	The monster noticed this and turned to her.  Ayeka held the sword with both hands, 
pointing it at the beast.  It screamed and lunged at her, it's four arms and innumerable 
tentacles raised for a strike.  Ayeka took her chance and drove the sword into it's chest 
as it hit.  The blade penetrated deep, up to the hilt.  Blue light shot from the every 
joint of the beast.   The wailing stopped.

	The others could move again and rushed towards Ayeka, seeing her plight.  The 
beast screeched in pain, and light pierced it with physical force, breaking it apart.  

	The thrashing of it's tentacles was what did it.  Ayeka was knocked from her 
position.  The sword fell from the wound and fell into a pool of water.  Black smoke 
poured from the monster, and it's eyes glowed with a new fury.  It ignored the lightning 
and fire coursing off it's hide like water.  It ignored the energy bolts tearing into 
it's already serious wounds.  It ignored the arrows sticking it like mosquitos.  It only 
wanted to do harm to that which had harmed it.

	It advanced on Ayeka with deliberance.  Ayeka had barely recovered from the hit 
when she saw it, right there.  She screamed for Tenchi, but it was too late.  Tentacles 
from the monster seized her. The barbs cut her painfully.  A single tentacle rose before 
her like a snake.  Fire silhouetted it.  The tip seperated and an evil looking claw with 
a slim pore near the tip slid out.  She struggled against the iron grip, but to no avail.  
The claw struck her in the chest, right over her heart.  

	She felt cold.  A numbness spread over her.  She could hear the shouts of the 
others, but they sounded so distant.  Her vision faded out.

	The others tried valiantly to save her.  They had rained bolts of energy.  Royko 
and Tenchi hacked at it with their swords. Fire and lightning danced in it's wounds.  The 
beast itself was already an inferno, but it ignored it, intent on Ayeka.  They watched in 
horror as a pool of darkness formed on the slanted deck.  They tried to stop it, but it 
leaped through, carrying Ayeka's limp body. And then the portal snapped shut.

	



	

	

	 



	

	

	


