Tenchi Muyo and characters are the property of Pioneer and AIC.  Starcraft and Starcraft: Brood 
War are property of Blizzard Entertainment.  Command and Conquer, Command and Conquer: Red Alert 
Command and Conquer: Red Alert Counterstrike, Command and Conquer: Red Alert Aftermath, Command 
and Conquer: Tiberian Sun, and Command and Conquer: Tiberian Sun Firestorm are the property of 
Westwood Studios.
NOTE: I am not a great writer

By Falcon01 (My battle.net name)
(I like Kiyone)
(Legions, wings, and squads consist of six units)

No Need for Zerg 
Part III: Zerg Swarm

	It was a normal day in the Misaki household, but it considerable larger than before, and 
many Terrans and Protoss stayed around.  But even as everyone was preparing for the oncoming 
onslaught, no one knew how many people would die.  Even with the mighty Protoss to assist the 
Terrans, the Zerg are still a voracious and wild race of assimilated and evolved lifeforms.  
The Zerg fight with a blind rage and devotion to the Overmind, the essence of the Zerg.  
	"Tenchi..." Ayeka wondered, "will you fight alongside everyone?"  Tenchi turned away 
from his lover's beautiful red eyes.  "I'm sorry, Ayeka, but I must."  He answered grimly.  
	Elsewhere, at the primary Command Center of the Foundation, Kiyone finally agreed to 
assume leadership of the Conscience Foundation, with her faithful right-hand, Falcon.  A young 
technician reported to Falcon, "sir, unidentified objects are approaching the planet surface."  
Falcon pondered, and ordered, "issue a standby to all defense units.  Get all of the men to 
their assigned posts.  Get some SCVs to the defense posts, and have a handful to repair any 
damages those Zerg make."
	"Yes, sir!"  The technician wasted no time to relay Falcon's orders.  Falcon thought to 
himself, "I wonder what the High Priestess is doing now."  At that, Kiyone entered the command 
room, dressed in her GP uniform, except with the Conscience Foundation's insignia.  
	"Ah, the Priestess has arrived."  Falcon observed.  Kiyone blushed, very flattered.  
She hadn't been called anything except a detective ever since Mihoshi was assigned as her 
partner.  "You silly Advisor...what's the situation?"  She became all business now.  
	"Well, I've issued a standby to our troops, and the Protoss will be getting the 
picture soon."  Falcon reported.  At that, Fenix appeared onscreen.
	"En Taro Adun, my comrades!  Our sensors have detected and identified the Zerg Swarm."
Fenix continued, "they will have very ferocious forces, and they will not stop until they are 
dead.  I hear Tenchi will be assisting your ground forces."
	"Yes, that's correct, Fe-" Falcon was cut off by an explosion in the background.
Fenix turned his attention away, then back to Falcon.  "I believe the time has come...En Taro 
Adun!"  Then the link was closed.  Falcon whispered to himself as he activated the strategic 
screen, "may god have mercy on us all..."
	Giant, airborne elephantine creatures flew over the Misaki Base (as it was known in 
the history books), but the Terran Missile Turrets and Protoss Photon Cannons drove them off.
Since air wouldn't work, the Overmind decided, they would have to do it the old-fashioned way: 
guerilla style.  The Overlords dropped their cargo of Drones, that quickly mutated into 
Hatcheries.  They then mutated into Lairs, then into Hives.  That Hive Cluster was heavily 
fortified against ground attacks, but not too many Anti-Aircraft defenses.  
	Soon, Hydralisks were spawned, and the first wave began to mobilize itself.  
Lying in wait, Tenchi, a squad of Marines, and two squads of Zealots watched in silence as 
the Zerg advance moved towards the combined colonies.  At once, the Marines fired from 
behind trees at the Hydralisks and Zerglings.  The Zealots took out the Zerglings, and moved 
in to kill off the Hydralisks.  In the meantime, Tenchi moved in with the Tenchiken, and cut 
three Hydralisks in half.  The Zerg wave stopped, the Marines applauded Tenchi.  Even the 
Zealots were amazed at his ferocity in battle.  The Overmind, very discouraged, started to 
order the spawning of four legions of Hydralisks and four legions of Mutalisks.  
	"Sir, we've picked up 48 snakes and 48 mutas!"  The technician cried out.
"Damn...order the Wraith wings to launch immediately!"  Falcon ordered cooly.  Even Kiyone 
was impressed that he wasn't screaming under stress.  Not like her and Mihoshi...
	"Orders from HQ, we're to launch, boys!  Drop yer socks and grap your throttle!"  The 
Terran Wraith wing commander reported.  As the pilots hopped into their versatile fighters, 
they all noticed the Protoss Scouts beginning to mobilize.  Brilliant flashes of light, and 
the Scouts were up in the air with the Wraiths.  They all noticed a strange spaceship, that 
looked like a starfish.  "Hey, cap'n, what the hell is that?"  A pilot exclaimed in surprise.  
"It must be that Ryo-ohki thing..."  
	"MEOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!"  Ryo-ohki shrieked.  Ryoko's face appeared on the pilots' 
consoles, "hey, mind if I come along?"  she offered flirtingly.  
	"Okayyyy..." the commander reluctantly agreed.
	"Cap'n, we got Mutas at 12 o'clock high!"  The commander's wingman reported.  At that, 
the Mutalisks began spewing their destructive projectiles at the Wraiths, but then, the 
commander ordered, "activate your cloaking devices, boys!"  Then the Wraiths were rendered 
invisible, even to the Protoss's advanced Scout sensors.  The newer and younger Protoss pilots 
were amazed at the Terran feat.  One pilot even said, "wow!"  Flights of missiles were launched 
against the Mutalisks, and many exploded violently.  Soon, the skies were clear of Mutalisks.  
	"I hope the ground troops do as well."  The Wraith commander commented.
	On the ground, the situation was getting desperate.  The Hydralisks made their way to 
the primary defense perimeter at the north.  Siege tanks kept the monsters at bay, but soon, 
they were destroyed, and reinforcements were to be coming in a while.  The Marines cooped 
up in the Bunkers were already having a hard time, even with two SCVs per Bunker to repair the 
masterpiece.  
	Spikes were flying through the air, but then they heard roars of fury, and a 
boy yelling with them.  A squad of Zealots rushed through the barrage, along with Tenchi, and 
the Zealots tore apart many Hydralisks.  "AAAAAAAARRRGGGGHH!"  A Zealot warrior died.  Tenchi 
drew the Tenchiken, and slashed four Hydralisks into little bits.  With a yell of effort, he 
cut another five Hydralisks into halves, "YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!"  Then, he heard the 
Marines yell, "fire in the hole!  Get outta there!"  He saw the massive Siege Tanks begin to 
deploy themselves to fire their powerful shock cannons.  He yelled to the Zealots, "Let's go!"  
But at that, the Siege Tanks fired.  Hydralisks died, and their remains splattered everywhere.  
But the Zealots were quick enough to get out in time.  Tenchi wasn't.  [FWOOMP!]  He heard the 
round fired his way when he was about to kill another Hydralisk.  Everything seemed to go into 
slow motion.  "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!"  His scream was erased by 
the round hitting the Hydralisk in front of him.  He surprisingly survived, but he passed out.  
	"Ayeka..." he groaned.  And everything went black.  

Epilogue
	The fight between the Protoss-Terran Alliance and the Zerg Swarm ended with the 
Alliance winning over the Zerg.  The Overmind foolishly took a physical form, and stayed 
in that form.  But then, the whole might of the Alliance attacked that Hive Cluster.  
The Siege tanks took out the Sunken Colony defenses, and the Zealots took out the Spore 
Colony defenses.  Then the Gantrithor, along with the entire Protoss fleet and the 
mighty Conscience Foundation's armada, the Alliance devastated the Overmind, but Tassadar, 
his Gantrithor crippled by numerous Hydralisk spines, sacrificed himself to destroy the 
Overmind with the energies of the Dark Templar, the Protoss that were banished from 
Aiur for refusing to submit themselves to the Khala.  After that mighty battle, the 
Conscience Foundation's R&D facilities began to design newer weapons for the field.  And 
currently, they are using those technologies.  This may sound a bit strange, but here goes.  
Tenchi and Ayeka were wed, and Ryoko took it calmly.  Falcon and Kiyone were wed, and 
Mihoshi married Fenix.  Washuu married Judicator Aldaris, and Noboyuki and Katushito 
remained unmarried.

Damn that was long.

End of Part III
Coming Up
more to come...   