Tenchi Muyo and characters are the property of Pioneer and AIC.  Starcraft and Starcraft: Brood 
War are property of Blizzard Entertainment.  Command and Conquer, Command and Conquer: Red Alert 
Command and Conquer: Red Alert Counterstrike, Command and Conquer: Red Alert Aftermath, Command 
and Conquer: Tiberian Sun, and Command and Conquer: Tiberian Sun Firestorm are the property of 
Westwood Studios.
NOTE: I am not a great writer

By Falcon01 (My battle.net name)
(I like Kiyone)

No Need for Zerg 
Part I: Terran Marine Hymn

	The Misaki household was quiet that summer morning, filled with the usual sounds of 
Sasami in the kitchen, Ryo-ohki running around the house looking for carrots, and the sounds of 
Ryoko and Ayeka quarrelling.  Also, Mihoshi and Kiyone were on a short little periodic vacation 
from their part time jobs.  Tenchi was still asleep.  
	"I told you, Ms. Ryoko, LEAVE TENCHI ALONE!"  Ayeka shrieked.  
	"Aw, shut your trap, you brat!"  Ryoko retorted.  As soon as Ryoko finished that, 
everyone, including Tenchi, heard an loud shout, "FIRE IN THE HOLE!!"  An explosion rocked the 
house, as dirt and sediment rained on the house.  Everyone rushed outside to see what in the 
heck is going on.  "What was that, Kiyone?"  Mihoshi asked her partner as they rushed outside.  
Several holes in the ground, lined with sandbags, had some armored soldiers, firing every now 
and then at whatever was creating the commotion.  
	"Hey, what's going on-"  Tenchi was cut off by another ground-shaking shockwave.  Off 
in the distance, several large tanks and more troopers were waiting.  "Fire, boys!"  At that 
order, several of the troopers clambered out of their foxholes and ran towards the tanks.  As 
they hid behind trees, they returned fire and several of the other soldiers were shot up.  
	"Tenchi, who are these people?"  Ayeka squeaked out.  Everyone ducked, as little spikes 
or bullets flew from the other soldiers fire.
	Washuu appeared, quite rare, out of her lab, and asked, "hey, what's with-" her eyes 
bugged out, "WHAT THE HELL ARE THESE GUYS DOING HERE?!?"  
	"CHARGE, BOYS!"  The same, gruffy voice sounded, as the whole of the troopers climbed 
out of their shelters, and began to run and fire at the tanks.  Tenchi got a look at one of 
their suits.  It reminded him of the things pilots would put on the noses of their aircraft.  
	"Hey, you!"  Washuu yelled at one of the men.  He looked over, and ran over to the 
gang.  "Yeah?  What is it?"  The soldier demanded.  Everyone could see their reflection in 
the soldier's visor.  "Okay buddy, up with the visor!"  Washuu ordered.  The soldier pushed 
a button, and the visor rose to reveal the head of a bald 30 year-old man, who had a scar on 
his cheek.  He was smoking a cigarette, and he had a metallic gold-colored tooth.  "I don't 
have much time to chat!  Spit it out!"  The Marine demanded impatiently.  On his armor, they 
saw an insignia that looked like an arm that held a whip that circled back around.  
	"You must be from one of those Terran pirate militias around the Korprulu Sector..." 
Washuu guessed, holding her chin in her hand.  The Marine looked very surprised, and aimed 
his gigantic rifle at her forehead.  "You a Confederate?"  He growled.  Washuu adopted a 
smile, "No, I'm only the best scientific genius in the universe!"  
	Kiyone whispered, "I swear, if those two puppets come out..."  Ayeka, Ryoko, and 
Tenchi nodded their heads, getting ready.  Ayeka and Ryoko got their powers ready, while 
Tenchi edged out the Tenchiken, and Kiyone started to draw her blaster out.  
	"Washuu you're a geniu-" the puppets started, but then the four blasted the little 
things into oblivion.  A giant bead of sweat started to grow on the back of the Marine's 
helmet.  The small communicator in the Marine's helmet crackled, "Snake, where the hell are 
you?!?"  Gunfire could be heard in the background and off in the distance.  
	"Sorry, duty calls."  The Marine rushed into the fray.  Soon, all of the Marines lay 
dead, their corpses full of holes, or halves of those unlucky to get caught by the tanks' 
barrage.  Nine-foot mecha appeared from behind the tanks, and the medium-sized force began 
making their way to the Masaki house.  The tanks undeployed into a mobile state, and had two 
cannons.  The gang meeted with the soldiers.  
	"Hi!"  Everyone said in unison.  The two Marine representatives, one in a combat 
suit and the other with a mask on who wasn't quite as bulky as the trooper.  But one thing was 
for sure: they had big rifles that looked like they could tear apart even a train.  The 
Marine returned the hearty greeting, but the other stayed silent.  His breathing was very 
scary-sounding.  Especially since he had a breathing apparatus on.  But he looked like he 
could still talk.  "Listen here, Mr.-erm..." the Marine paused.  
	"Tenchi.  Just call me Tenchi."  Tenchi replied.  "So you guys are from the 
Terran...Confederacy?"  The Marine nodded his head.  "Those renegades were from the pirate 
militia, the Sons of Korhal.  Trust me, they are lead by a complete madman."  He told them 
solemnly.  The silent one, handed Tenchi some papers, and said, "here ya go, kid."  
	Hours passed, as Tenchi read through, and passed the papers around for the girls to 
read.  Afterwards, Tenchi asked, "so, you're a...Ghost?"  The Ghost nodded.  "Yep, an espionage 
agent."  Mihoshi, being a bubblehead, piped up, "so, you're dead?"  Kiyone literally put a 
sock in Mihoshi's mouth, laughing nervously, "sorry, my partner just doesn't exactly 
understand..."  
	"So what're you going to do now?"  Washuu interjected.  The Ghost replied, "we're 
here to protect the Earth from the alien threats.  If you don't know, read our reports.  
Our entire operation was sent from Tarsonis to Earth about some sixty years ago."  Kiyone 
asked, "how did you people keep your age?"  
	"Stasis."  Washuu answered for the Marine.  The Marine turned to the little redhead.  
"Damnit, are you a psychic or something?"  She turned her head towards the Marine.  "Actually, 
I'm the greatest scientific genius in the universe!"  She tossed her head back, and laughed 
maniacally.  Giant sweat beads started growing on the Marine's and Ghost's heads.
	"Anyway, is it okay if we use this place as our base of operations?"  The ghost asked 
Tenchi.  "Sure.  Oh, and about those mineral deposits.  We found a whole field somewhere in 
our piece of property.  Just don't make a huge mess."  Tenchi agreed.

End of Part I
Coming Up:
Part II: Zealot March
Part III: Zerg Swarm       