Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Tenchi Muyo characters or anything of 
that nature. Tenchi Muyo, all
characters and names are the sole property of AIC and Pioneer. AD&D and 
Phyrexia are properties of TSR
and Wizards of the Coast, respectively. I only claim ownership of the 
characters Kalog Planesmaster, the
Beastmaster and the Nameless one.
Please don't sue. I have no money whatsoever to protect myself with or to 
pay out.
Anyway, on with the story......
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
				No need for New Realms : Ch.7
			                 Phyrexian Butchery

	Ayeka could no longer speak in her well-mannered way, nor could she speak 
in any tone or sound
that was pleasant to flesh ears. The Phyrexians were very thorough in their 
work.

	"So." she hissed. "You have come, as I expected you to.."

	With a fluidity that was disturbing, Ayeka began to walk over to the family 
that cared enough to
come for her. But she had no loving thoughts in her mind, only the desire to 
assimilate and, if necessary, to
kill.

	"Join me..Tenchi." She hissed, holding two of her razor-fingered hands out 
to him as she
advanced. "Join me and let your power become one with Phyrexia's."

	"Ayeka, what are you saying?" He asked, disbelief and sadness tearing at 
him.

	"Isn't it obvious, Lord Tenchi?" She crooned, her metal teeth making a 
terrible screeching noise.
"I am asking you to join your power with the glorious power of The 
Ineffable, and you can be the most
powerful being in creation, save for the Ineffable himself."

	"Join me, Tenchi, and we share the love that only can be shared by true 
lovers, joined in the power
of the Ineffable."

	"Like hell you'll take him!" Ryoko snarled, her energy sword blazing in 
it's bloody radiance. She
pushed Tenchi behind her and assumed a fighting stance.

	"Oh, Ryoko." Ayeka laughed. " Can't you see? You can become so much more, 
if you join us.
We could even share Tenchi......"

	"We were a family, Ayeka. Now, all you are is a puppet of evil. You don't 
know or appreciate
what you once were, and YOU CAN'T HAVE TENCHI!" Ryoko screamed, hurling her 
sword at Ayeka.

	Ayeka nimbly dodged the destructive bolt. A Phyrexian creation, one of the 
ones that had been
working on Ayeka, was not as fast or lucky. The bolt punched through the 
beast's chest and into the wall. It
slumped to the stone floor, burning oil flowing out of the hole in it's 
chest.

	"Now, now." Ayeka taunted, "Is that any way to show gratitude to your guide 
to paradise?"

	"Paradise!? This is hell, Ayeka, and you'll never drag us down with you." 
Ryoko snapped,
forming another sword.

	"In time, you will see the light, Ryoko, and wonder how you could have 
resisted it."

	"Yeah, right..."

*Well, I guess some things never change.. * Washu thought bitterly to 
herself. She warily
watched Ayeka, for she was an unknown factor now. She had seen her 
creations, Ryoko especially, turned
against her, and she was no stranger to betrayal. But seeing a cherished 
family member so brutally changed
and mutilated was hard on the mind, no matter how many times you experienced 
it.

	"Washuuuuu..?" Mihoshi whispered with a frightened edge to her voice. She 
had set her
hand on Washu's shoulder to get her attention and the grip she was exerting 
was painful to the red-haired
spellcaster, and she was forced to acknowledge the terrified young woman 
beside her.

	"What is it?" she asked, smacking Mihoshi's hand to make her let go.

	"There is something moving over there..." She was pointing into the 
darkness behind
them, and she was starting to whine in her fright.

	Turning slightly, so not as to allow Ayeka out of her sight, Washu peered 
into the haunting
darkness of the lab. Yes, something was moving, The heavy click of metal on 
stone was unmistakable, and
something was blotting out parts of the light that glowed faintly from 
shelves. Something large.

	"Tenchi! Ryoko! There's something coming up behind us!"

		Washu's shout made them turn for a second, and Ayeka took the opportunity. 
Lunging
with incredible speed, she struck at Ryoko with her two front legs and all 
of her arms. Noticing second
before impact, Ryoko phased away from their deadly reach. The spear-like 
points of Ayeka's legs struck
stone and sparked. Cursing, she drew herself back to wait for another 
opportunity.

	The thing in the darkness took the opportunity to strike as well. From the 
inky blackness came a
mass of bladed tentacles that dripped with an oily substance, air hissing as 
their speed carried them towards
their targets.

	Washu and Mihoshi leaped in separate directions as the tentacles struck, 
narrowly avoiding the
destructive appendages. They bit cleanly into the stone and made deep gouges 
in the lab floor.

	"Sssso, it ssseemss that the future isss here." Ayeka noted, preparing to 
strike at Tenchi.

	"What future?" Tenchi asked, holding his shield up and pointing the 
Tenchi-ken at Ayeka. Blue
radiance shone from it's cold blade.

	"The future of our universssse, Lllord Tencsshi." she hissed.

	Her eyes lit up with a blood red light that illuminated the area around 
her. The glow fell onto the
bewildered group and a more sinister figure.

	"What in hell is that? Washu gasped, terror clutching at her heart.

	The beast before them was truly worse than any nightmare she had ever 
conceived of. It was stood
nearly eight feet tall, it's spines cutting into the ceiling, but they could 
see it was hunched over, due to
lower ceiling space.  It's legs and arms looked exactly the same: large, 
piston-like affairs with cables and
corrupt muscle tissue threaded throughout and metal blades sticking out of 
the mess and at the feet/hands.

	But the terrifying feature of the creature was its incompleteness. Well, 
not exactly incompleteness,
but the lack of form in many areas. Like where it's head should be was a 
mass of pulsing darkness, and
several smaller masses were threaded throughout the beast, appearing and 
disappearing with the movement
of the living metal skin. Raw terror seemed to ooze from the writhing body.


"What ever it is, it's dead!" Ryoko phased behind it and drove her energy 
sword into the
abominable mass. But instead of cutting through metal and flesh, it parted 
around her sword and lashed out
with thread thin cables.
Phasing again, Ryoko was barely able to dodge the attack. Ryoko phased in 
next to Tenchi, and
Ayeka choose that moment to attack. Her razored metal claws slammed into 
Tenchi's shield, and the black
plate shatted with an earsplitting pop.  The force of the attack drove 
Tenchi backwards.

Ryoko brought her sword down onto Ayeka's arms at the same instant she 
attacked Tenchi. In the
middle of her lightning fast strike, she wasn't able to alter her direction 
in time and the glowing red blade
sliced through her upper right arm and tore cables in the lower right one.

Screeching in pain and anger, she drew back and hissed. Oil gushed heavily 
from the stump of
Ayeka's arm and from the tear in the other one.  Seeming to feel the pain 
also, the other beast formed a
mouth of sorts where it's head should have been and screamed in such an 
awful manner as to force the
gang to cover their ears, lest the ability to hear and retain sanity be 
lost.

"YOU BITCH!" Ayeka screeched. "I'LL SHOW YOU!"

The other beast lashed out with so many bladed tentacles that they blocked 
out the hallway.
Washu and Mihoshi couldn't get out of the way fast enough and were seized by 
the wall of writhing death.
Blades cut through cloth and leather, digging into flesh beneath. They 
screamed in pain.

"Washu! Mihoshi!" Tenchi yelled in panic.

"Look out Tenchi!"

Tenchi brought up his sword in time to catch Ayeka's blow. Her claws sparked 
and crackled with
energy as the mystical blade met them. Screeching again, Ayeka struck with 
her forelegs. Tenchi's armor
rang with the impact, and his chest exploded in pain. He fell to the ground, 
stunned.

"Tenchi!" Ryoko screamed, rushing to his side.

He moaned, trying to shake the pain from his senses. The shock of impact had 
made him lose his
orientation, and he couldn't tell which way was up.  A wave of pain coursed 
through him as he tried to
move, and he could feel something wet and sticky running down his front. 
With a gasp, he passed out.

"Tenchi! Wake up!" Ryoko pleaded, tears forming. She shook Tenchi, but to no 
avail. Seconds
later, the blue glow of the Tenchi-ken faded, and the weapon seemed like any 
other metal sword.

Standing up slowly, Ryoko faced Ayeka. She had stopped her attack to savor 
the pain she had
dished out, and she regarded Ryoko with a look of cruel enjoyment.

To her right, Ryoko could see that Washu and Mihoshi were in bad shape. The 
beast held them in
it's death grip, and she couldn't tell if they were alive or not. The blood 
and oil dripping from the tentacles
didn't look good.

"You ungrateful whore of machines!" Ryoko snarled, tears in her eyes. "How 
could you do this?!"

"Quite easy, as you can see. Anything is possible, in Phyrexia's power, 
Ryoko.." Ayeka answered,
seeming very pleased with herself.

"You speak of power, Ayeka," Ryoko replied, pulling off her helmet and 
flinging it to the ground.
Tears ran down her cheeks, but her eyes glowed with a deep red light that 
rivaled that of Ayeka's. "and you
have much. But you would sacrifice those you love to have and keep it.."

She looked at Tenchi's fallen form. There were cracks on the chestplate, and 
she couldn't tell if he
was breathing. Blinking and shaking her head to clear them of tears, she 
looked back at Ayeka.

"..and you will pay for this. You have hurt those I love, and I don't care 
if you are family.
You.will.PAY!"

With the last word of her oath uttered, a change swept over Ryoko. Her gems 
blazed with white
light and a violent wind sprang from the floor, enshrouding her in it's 
fury. Ryoko threw her head back and
screamed in anger.  The joints of her armor became suffused with white light 
from her gems, and in
seconds she was a glowing aura.

"What'sss happening?" Ayeka screeched, covering her eyes.

"My vengeance, you bitch."

The tone of the voice chilled Ayeka to her corrupted core. But she couldn't 
see anything in the
blinding radiance, and so was unable to protect herself from the blow that 
fell upon her.

It came so fast and hard that she didn't even know she had been hit.  Pain, 
unlike any she had ever
felt, tore into her middle, and spread throughout her body. Her blood felt 
like it was on fire, and her metal
skin felt like a mass of coals on her body.  Screeches of unearthly timbre 
erupted from her throat.

The other beast, which had been similarly incapacitated by the radiance, 
screamed as well.
Mihoshi and Washu, their flesh cut up by the beast's grip, fell to the 
ground.

Ayeka tried to fight back, but the energy seemed to come from everywhere. 
Then, in an instant,
she was flying backwards, unable to do anything. She smashed into a wall and 
fell to the ground, lying on
the cold stone in a daze.  She couldn't feel her legs, and pain was running 
through her like a raging river.
Looking down at herself, she gasped hoarsely as she saw why. Her legs had 
been separated from her at the
waist. Over where she had been standing, they collapsed to the ground with a 
crash as the spasm that held
them there gave out.

*No. thisss..can't..be..happening.* she thought. *I am.Phy.rexian and.I.am 
perfec.. *

The screams of the beast cut into her thoughts like a knife. She could sense 
its pain, as it was torn
into. The blazing aura was too powerful for it, and wherever it came near, 
it reduced the beast to it's base
components. Her own pain was doubled as she felt it's flesh and metal 
cleaved. Convulsing in pain, she
knew she had to sever the link with it or die. Painfully, she cut the bond 
and began to crawl away from the
carnage. She had learned through the minds of her rebuilders that there was 
a door nearby...

Deprived of it's control, the beast flailed wildly about. Pure energy ripped 
through it, and the
shape-shifting masses that made up its power were destroyed as they 
overloaded with power. Minutes later,
it collapsed to the stone floor, a mass of twitching cable and pulped flesh.

The fight over, Ryoko sank to her knees, choking back tears of anguish. The 
light that had
enveloped her faded to a soft glow, enough to light the immediate area. 
Looking over at Tenchi's prone
form, she could feel the tears welling up again. She phased over to him, 
still kneeling.

"Oh Tenchi.." She moaned as she removed his helmet and lifted his head into 
her lap. Tears
streamed down as she caressed the lifeless face of her love. Beside him, the 
Tenchi-ken was dark, it's hilt a
dull grey instead of it's normal beige.  Dropping her head she let the tears 
flow.

The glistening drops fell onto Tenchi's shattered chestplate. Borne of 
sadness and love, the tears
held residual traces of her awesome power in them. As they fell onto the 
metal, they flowed through the
cracks and trickled into Tenchi's wounds. As they met the corrupted slashes, 
they began to glow brighter.
The blood that Tenchi and Ryoko had shared earlier began to perform it's 
regenerative capabilities.  Flesh
began to knit beneath broken metal, and Tenchi began to show signs of life.

"Ry.oko?"

	At the sound of the faint question, Ryoko lifted her head.  Tenchi's eyes 
were slightly opened and
his gaze was fixed on her.  Over come with joy, she lifted him slightly and 
embraced him, her tears of
sadness now tears of happiness.
"Oh, Tenchi! You're alive." she sobbed.

Weakly lifting his arm up, Tenchi returned the embrace. "Yes, it seems that 
I am, Ryoko.."

"I was so worried, so scared that..."

"It's alright, I'm back." He reassured her. "What happened? Where is Ayeka?"

"We don't need to worry about her now. I took care of her."

"Does it have anything to do with that glow around you and your appearance?" 
he asked with a
weak grin.

"My, appearance?"

	In the heat of battle and the wave of emotion, Ryoko had been unaware of 
any changes. Looking
down, she noticed the difference in her appearance. The black armor now was 
a shade of glimmering pearl,
and her gems glowed with a soft red light. Red triangles, similar to the 
ones on her other battle uniform, ran
down her front, and one arm was the same red.

	"I..I..didn't notice this before. I wonder where it came from..?" her voice 
trailed off in
bewilderment.

	Tenchi suddenly seemed to remember something, and sat up with a start.

	"Ryoko! What about Mihoshi and Washu?"

	"Damn, I forgot about them!"

	Standing up quickly, she rushed over to the fallen forms. Both seemed to be 
unconscious, and they
looked pretty bad. They were pretty diced up by the razors of the Phyrexian 
beast, and Ryoko didn't like
the look of the injuries.

	Tenchi came up beside her, still weak from his injuries and looked down at 
his fallen family. He
was almost overcome with grief. The injuries seemed to great for anyone to 
survive, even the great Washu.

	"Washu..Mihoshi.."

	He fought back the tears that threatened to overcome him. The sight was too 
horrible. To see torn
and mangled bodies is bad enough, but when the bodies are those of people 
you love, it can reduce even the
strongest man to a shadow of his former self.

	"Wh-wh-oooo is...there?"

	Tenchi and Ryoko looked down in disbelief. Despite her extensive injuries, 
Washu still seemed to
be alive. But it was hard to tell how long she would last.

	"Washu! It's us! Tenchi and Ryoko!" Tenchi dropped to his knees to get 
closer to the injured
wizard.

	"Di..iid you wiin?" she wheezed.

	"For now, Little Washu." He answered.

	"Iss ( cough) she.dead?" she asked, laboriously drawing a breath.

	Tenchi looked at Ryoko. She slowly shook her head.

	"I see..."

	Washu was silent for several seconds. Tenchi feared the worst, until she 
spoke again, in her
halting gasps.

	"Te.nchi. do you..h.h.have my spell..b.oo..ok?"

	"No, but.."

	"Shhh.  It should b.b.be closssse by.." her body spasmed as she was seized 
by a coughing fit that
lasted for several minutes. Her color (what little remained) drained 
completely away. "F..f..find..d it..and
cast.the.spells.you..ff..f.f..find.d on p-p-pages 1674 and 1345, in th..that 
order.."

	"Why, little Washu, what are they for?"

	"You'll find out..t Ten..chi." She smiled weakly. "But it looksss. like 
you..and Ryoko
will.have to.(cough)..handle thissss on your own."

	Tenchi was about to ask Washu if there was anything he could do for her, 
but at that moment the
red-haired spell caster shuddered and went limp in his arms.

	"Washu..."

	"Come on Tenchi. Let's find that spell book. Washu had a reason to tell us 
about those spells, and
we better use them."

	"Right."

	The two black armored warriors dug and sifted through reeking flesh-metal 
and piles of oily cable
for the tome they needed. It was only after several minutes of digging and 
crawling through the slimy mess
that they found their quarry. The book was oil-stained and the cover was 
diced up, but it looked mostly
intact.

	Without preamble, Ryoko began to page through the book as soon as she 
extracted it from the
stinking mess that had once been a nightmare of nightmares.  Pages flew by 
in a blur until she came to the
first of the spells Washu had indicated.

	Ryoko read quickly, and then stood up. Without turning, Ryoko gave Tenchi 
some quick
instructions.

	"Tenchi, you have to stand back and be quiet. This spell will require all 
of my concentration and
as much room as I can have.

	"Of course." Tenchi replied, backing away.

	As soon as he started backing up, Ryoko began to chant the words to the 
spell. All around her,
small glowing sparks of violet began to form. They began to whirl around her 
in a frenzied motion as she
got deeper into the spell, and in a flash were gone.  But the spell was only 
beginning. The mutilated bodies
of Mihoshi and Washu began to glow with a grey, pulsing light. As Tenchi 
watched, cuts sealed and their
torn, stained skin became whole and pure again.
	All their injuries seemed to vanish in the magical light, and even their 
possessions became whole
and unbroken once more. The grey glow became brighter for several minutes 
and them abruptly died out.
Washu and Mihoshi were now whole again, but the spark of life was absent 
from their features.

	It was silent for a few more minutes as Ryoko began to page through the 
spell book again, this
time flipping the pages backward until she found the other indicated spell. 
Again, with no warning to
Tenchi, she began to speak the rhythmic words of the spell, this time moving 
her right arm in time with the
chanting.

	The effect of the spell was much more spectacular than the previous one. 
Tongues of crystalline
fire sprang up from the floor and around the bodies of the GP officer and 
the scientist, consuming the foul
mess that had brought their current plight on. As the flames fed on the oily 
Phyrexian tissue, they became
larger and soon filled the corridor with their hypnotic patterns.

	Then, with a light crackling sound and a flash of white light, the flames 
froze in place. The crystal
structure left behind completely sealed the corridor and within it's 
protective embrace lay the renewed
bodies of Mihoshi and Washu.


	Far down the corridor, Ayeka was dragging herself slowly and painfully away 
from the
battleground. She had found the doorway that her implanted memory had shown 
her, but she couldn't reach
the opening mechanism. She was trapped.

* Fear not, my daughter. You shall have your chance to redeem yourself.. *

Ayeka didn't know where the voice came from, or who it belonged to, but it 
brought her a strange
sense of reassurance.

* Who is it that addresses me? * she thought/said in reply.

* I am the Ineffable, your god, daughter. * The voice told her. * I have 
seen what has happened,
and I will aid you.*

	Ayeka felt a change coming over her battered body. It was as if ice crawled 
through her blood, but
it felt good. Her damaged members and skin began to regrow and evolve, 
surpassing their former abilities.
Claws lengthened and toughened, becoming as large as scimitars. Her 
cable-like skin hardened into metal
plates and her legs formed out of razor sharp supports in the walls.

	Able to move freely again, Ayeka thought/said her thanks to the Ineffable 
and smiled cruelly.
With her physical enhancements came some other enhancements. And new 
capabilities for her to use, and
her enhanced mental vision showed her just what she wanted...

	Ayeka's laughter echoed down the tunnels before her as she opened the door. 
Her next strike
would be the last thing Ryoko would remember. ever.

______________________________________________________________________________________

	"There." Ryoko whispered. "It's done. No beast will desecrate them now."

	Ryoko set the spell book into a rift in the crystal and then began to walk 
back to Tenchi.
Unnoticed by either of them, the crystal sealed around the oily tome, 
preserving it with it's owner.

	"Come on," she growled. "We're going to make that bitch pay for this.."

	"What about the spell book?" Tenchi asked as Ryoko recovered her helmet. 
"Wouldn't you be
able to use it against our opponents?"

	As she reset her helmet, Ryoko replied, "I could, but I am not as used to 
spell casting as Washu
was. I am more a fighter, and I'll do better without having to flip through 
a book."

	"Oh..." Tenchi picked up the Tenchi-ken and his helmet. He couldn't do 
anything about his
shield or his chestplate, but he would have to make do.

	"Now, where did that snot of a machine get to?" Ryoko asked herself, 
looking around the corridor
where they had been fighting.

	There wasn't much to go on. Oil and twisted metal was strewn all over the 
place. The only true
evidence of Ayeka's presence that she could make out was the collapsed 
spider-like assembly of her legs,
but that didn't really help.

	"I don't think we can find anything here." Tenchi said quietly, resting a 
hand on her shoulder.
"Lets leave.."

	"Right."

	Going back the way they came was out of the question. The preservative 
crystals blocked the way.
So the only way to go was further down the corridor, and hope that there was 
no new monstrosities in that
direction.

	"Keep an eye out for any sort of door or exit that Ayeka could have taken. 
She couldn't have
gotten far."

	"I think we may be on the right trail." Tenchi said, looking down at his 
feet.

	"What makes you say that?" Ryoko asked, stopping.

"Look." he said, pointing.

Ryoko looked. There was a thin track of a golden oily substance leading off 
into the darkness of
the corridor. All around the trail were the deep scratches of sharp metal in 
the dense stone.

Ryoko's helmet concealed the evil smile that played across her features, but 
Tenchi had an inkling
what she was thinking. The blood that she had shared with him gave him a 
limited ability to sense her
emotion, and what he was feeling was utterly disquieting.

Without saying anything, Ryoko began walking again, faster this time, 
following the trail of oil
into the deepening darkness. Tenchi hurried to keep up with her.

Abruptly, the corridor ended. The lab area branched off to the left and the 
right, but in front of
them was a large black door. The oil trail ended at the door, but the fresh, 
oily slime that covered the door
opening mechanism showed that Ayeka had been here.

"You can run, Ayeka..."

The door exploded from it's mountings as Ryoko fired a power bolt into it.  
Stone and metal
showered around them, rebounding off their armor.

As the door was destroyed, a deep orange glow erupted from beyond it. The 
light bathed
everything in a pulsing glow, it's source far down another hallway. 
Accompanying the light was a dry, hot
breeze and a low, rhythmic throbbing. Like a great heart was beating 
somewhere.

"But you can't hide." Ryoko finished, stepping over the blasted threshold. 
Tenchi followed, his
features showing his determination behind the helmet.  Ayeka may be his 
great-aunt, but what she had done
was inexcusable, and she would pay. But to kill her would be releasing her 
from the hell that she existed in,
and Tenchi knew that doing so would be helping her as well as avenging.

The passageway wasn't the longest one they had gone through, but it was 
pretty long. They
covered nearly a mile before they reached the end of the corridor. As they 
got closer to the end, the hot
wind became stronger and the throbbing grew stronger. Only the pulsing 
orange glow remained constant.

They exited the passageway, and stepped into an artificial hellscape, with 
only a ten foot wide
ledge between them and a massive drop.

The massive chamber was a great cylinder, easily half a mile in diameter. In 
front of them,
dominating their view, were a set of gigantic bladed screws that lifted 
molten rock into a great gap in the
ceiling, which was high above their heads. Below them, at least two or three 
miles down, there was a great
glowing mass of liquid rock.

All about them, the wind that had blasted them in the corridor rose up with 
tremendous force as
the magma below superheated the air. It's roar nearly drowned out the 
throbbing that they had been hearing
since entering the hall, but now it was felt more than heard.

They stared at the titan scene, awestruck. The reverie was shattered by a 
lightning quick tentacle,
which struck at Ryoko. She noticed it seconds before impact and blocked with 
he shield. The black
appendage rebounded off the tough metal and fell back into the chasm it had 
come from. Ryoko formed her
energy sword, looking around for the next strike.

Tenchi pulled out the Tenchi-ken, but the cold blue glow didn't course 
through the metal. Try as
he might, he couldn't get it to activate. For all intents and purposes, the 
Tenchi-ken was dead.

The next strike came from above. Four tentacles dropped from a single point, 
all aiming for
Ryoko. She phased away as they struck, cracking the stone ledge. Ryoko 
phased in next to the source of the
tentacles and struck.

There was a flash of darkness and the tentacles dissolved. A black cylinder, 
cloven in two by
Ryoko's sword, fell to the ledge and bounced into the chasm.

"SSSSoooo. We meet again, Ryokoooo."

The hissing speech startled both of them. Looking around, they tried to see 
it's source. Ayeka did
not disappoint. Her black metal spider legs carried her up from over the 
edge of the ledge. Her metal teeth
glinted evilly in the orange light.

Ryoko dropped to the ledge, between Ayeka and Tenchi.

"I see you survived, bitch.." Ryoko snarled, leveling her weapon at Ayeka.

"Thhhat I did." she replied, drooling a clear substance from her lips. It 
fell to the stone and
began to hiss and steam.

"We'll have to change that.." Ryoko said, smiling behind her helmet.

"Yes, we do, only you'll be the one who won't survive.." Ayeka replied. 
Black cylinders formed
all around them.  Then, all at once, black tentacles shot out from them, 
reaching for Ryoko and Tenchi.

With a defiant battle cry, Ryoko attacked the corrupted power logs.  Tenchi 
leaped back into the
hall to avoid their deadly embrace.  They struck where he had been standing, 
and a massive chunk of the
ledge collapsed, falling into open space.

Ryoko struck at the logs, slashing them in two and letting them fall away. 
More formed as she tore
into them, and soon she was surrounded by them. Laughing in triumph, Ayeka 
unleashed a thick mass of
tentacles, all aimed at Ryoko. In their flight, they grew spear points and 
claws that dripped poison.

Ryoko narrowly avoided the attack. As she phased away, they tentacles ripped 
her shield away
and smashed it into a glittering rain of metal.

Laughing in triumph, Ayeka didn't notice Ryoko phasing in behind her. With 
an armored boot,
she kicked Ayeka hard in the head. Ayeka's head snapped forward and she 
stumbled dangerously near the
edge. As she recovered from the blow, she whipped her claws around to strike 
at Ryoko.

The claws sparked against a metal blade. Tenchi blocked the blow from 
hitting Ryoko, who was
recovering from the kick she had delivered. Snarling, Ayeka struck with her 
other claws. The armor on
Tenchi's arm popped like glass, and blood streamed through the cracks. 
Ayeka's cold eyes locked onto his
determined ones.  Looking into them, Tenchi realized with sickening finality 
that Ayeka was lost.

Ryoko struck with her energy sword. The red blade punched through Ayeka's 
shoulder, striking
deep into her. Howling in pain, she recoiled from the two warriors.

"Oh no..not again, Ryokooooo.." Ayeka hiss, holding her shoulder with one 
arm. "You won't
win that easily."

All around them, the ledge began to warp and twist. Rough stone lashed out, 
forming into thick,
ropy tentacles tipped with jagged points. Tenchi fell away from Ayeka as the 
floor sank beneath him.
Ryoko phased away from the dangerous rock projections.

Ayeka shook with laughter as the wall around them began a similar 
transformation. Ryoko phased
in and out rapidly, hacking and slashing at any tentacle that came within 
reach. Stones separated from their
anchor points and fell stiffly to their destruction far below.

But she was becoming rapidly outnumbered, and soon her speed wouldn't 
matter, since the
tentacles were all over the place.

"Tenchi!" She shouted, trying to locate him amongst the shifting masses. She 
hacked away
another tentacle that was striking at her, and then she saw him. He was 
locked in vicious combat with
Ayeka, and she clearly had the advantage.

"I'm coming Tenchi!" she called, plowing through the thick forest of stony 
death.

The two combatants were engaged in a deadly struggle in an ever shifting 
environment, but it was
shifting according to Ayeka's whims. Tenchi was forced from his unsteady 
positions to even worse ones.
And still Ayeka's black talons came at him, striking with maddening speed. 
Black steel met grey steel in
showers of sparks.

Swinging his sword in an overhand strike, Tenchi tried to end the fight 
right there, before it got
any worse than it was. But Ayeka had other plans. Tenchi's blow was halted 
mere inches from Ayeka's
cruel face by her talons. They locked on his wrist with crushing strength, 
lifting him from his feet.

"Now, Lord Tenchiiiiiii.." she hissed, "we may leave this place for the 
glories of Phyrexia."

Snapping her other arms outward, she produced a pair of three-foot long 
metal rods from hollows
in her upper arms. Chuckling to herself, she fitted the two together and 
flung them into the hardening mass
of rock tentacles. The six foot rod was seized by stony appendages and held 
in position as the magics
within it activated.

The black rod glowed a deep red and spat lightning in a circle around it.  
The lightning swirled
faster and faster by the second, and soon a dark mist began to form in the 
space inside the rims. The stench
of oil and metal came to Tenchi's nose as the mist became more substantial.

"It is almost ready." Ayeka hissed, "and when it is, I can show you the 
power you have resisted
and will soon embraccccee.."

"Never!" Tenchi spat. "I would rather be cast into that flaming pit down 
there than become like
you have.."

"You'll change your mind ssssoon enough.." She replied. "Ahh, it is ready."

Holding Tenchi firmly with two of her claws, Ayeka scuttled down the stony 
bridges that would
carry her to the portal, which now looked like a pond of muted greys and 
blacks.  Tenchi saw it draw near,
and he despaired.

"Almost there, Tenchiiiii." she crooned in her hateful metal voice. "And 
then you c-c-c-c.."

Ayeka's gloating prophecy was halted in midword by a gurgle of acid bile 
running through her
teeth. Her muscles started to quiver, and with agonizing slowness, she 
looked down, drooling as she did.

The armor on her abdomen was glowing red at the center. Oil gushed from a 
hole in her back and
front, steaming from the proximity of the weapon that had pierced her. 
Ryoko's weapon.

"I told you once before, Ayeka.." Ryoko said in a low voice, filled with 
anger. "..that you
couldn't have him."

Pulling the weapon back a bit, Ryoko continued. "And I will show you what 
happens to those who
try to hurt my Tenchi."

Desperate, Ayeka slashed at Ryoko with her two free arms, but to no avail. 
Ryoko was too close,
and in perfect position. With just a powerful shove, Ryoko drove the weapon 
down hard. The searing
energy blade cut through Phyrexian artiface, spilling Ayeka's life-oil out 
faster than before. With a
strangled cry, Ayeka toppled.

However, since she was on a slope, she began to slide. Right towards the 
portal, with Tenchi still
in her lethal grasp.

"Tenchi!" Ryoko gasped, teleporting to him, attempting to free him from the 
grip that still held
him.  Despite her injuries, Ayeka still had one strong grip.  With little 
time left, Ryoko raised her sword to
slash through the offending limbs.

"n-n-nooo..you.don't..: Ayeka gasped, striking out with what strength 
remained. Her leg
snapped out, slamming into Ryoko's midsection and knocking the wind out of 
her. At that moment, they
slid through the shimmering portal, and they fell into darkness.....

	Far removed from this scene, in the space between planes, Kalog 
Planesmaster and his mate, the
Beastmaster noted how events transpired.

	No words were needed between them, for they were one being, and they each 
knew what came
next. Rising from their dark thrones, they left the floating island in the 
Void, and proceeded with their
plans.

	And Tokimi was left with the enigmatic and powerful planesmaster known as 
the Nameless One..

