Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Tenchi Muyo characters or anything of that nature. Tenchi Muyo, all 
characters and names are the sole property of AIC and Pioneer. AD&D and Phyrexia are properties of TSR 
and Wizards of the Coast, respectively. I only claim ownership of the characters Kalog Planesmaster, the 
Beastmaster and the Nameless one. 
Fan fic is copyrighted 2001, by Loren Ward
Anyway, on with the story......

Notes: This is in the OVA, after episode 13. Kiyone is not in this one. This is my first attempt at a fanfic, so 
any criticism or help would be appreciated. I can be reached at loren_ward@hotmail.com
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
		 No need for new Realms : Prologue

	They all experienced the same dream at once, each from their own perspective. The girls and 
Tenchi were standing on a small island, floating in a dark blue infinity.  The island was featureless, save for 
small rocks scattered around, and a path leading to a set of blurry objects at the other side of the island. By 
a nonverbal consent, they all walked (or in Ryoko's case, floated) down the path.  At the end of the path 
were three large chairs, arranged in a semi-circle with a table in easy reach of the three.  Sitting on the 
chairs were dark cloaked figures, whose features could not be made out. The one in the center raised it's 
arm (or what could be thought of as an arm) and pointed at Tenchi. A shaft of red light struck his chest and 
then arced to each of the girls. Pain lanced through them and they all blacked out at the same time, waking 
up in the real world screaming. 


	At breakfast, everyone looked haggard. Despite the nice meal Sasami had made, no one was 
hungry. However, as the day wore on, things returned to normal. The first sign of normalcy was the 
thundering explosions in the living room. 

"Come down here and fight, you monster!" yelled Ayeka. Her logs were forming around her, lightning 
zapping about. 

"Why should I? Am I out of your range?" laughed Ryoko.  Her sword glowed, sparks dancing when 
lightning coursed by.

The two exchanged blows, sword slamming into energy barriers and lightning streaking away into walls 
and out windows. 

Despite all of the commotion, Mihoshi sat on the couch and stared at the tv, giggling about how funny the 
cartoons were. 

Washu was in her lab, busily typing away. She could sense the fight in her mind, through her link with 
Ryoko. She just gave a sigh and continued typing. That is when the horrible sound of air shrieking past 
sharp corners came to everyone's hearing........




