Tenchi Muyo and characters are the property of Pioneer and AIC.  Starcraft and Starcraft: Brood 
War are property of Blizzard Entertainment.  Command and Conquer, Command and Conquer: Red Alert 
Command and Conquer: Red Alert Counterstrike, Command and Conquer: Red Alert Aftermath, Command 
and Conquer: Tiberian Sun, and Command and Conquer: Tiberian Sun Firestorm are the property of 
Westwood Studios.
NOTE: I am not a great writer

By Falcon01 (My battle.net name)
(I like Kiyone)

No Need for Zerg
Part II: Zealot March

	Giant structures began to rise in the Misaki property.  Buildings that manufactured 
weapons of destruction.  Many defenses were erected around the bustling colony or Terrans.  
Bunkers filled with Marines, and automated Missile Turrets with sensitive detection arrays.  
	But apart from that, the Misaki household was normal.  Only that not only Sasami was 
in the kitchen, but Ayeka as well.  They had out meals for the hungry Terran Marine Corps.  
Ryoko...entertained them, and kept them amused.  But out by the rim of the atmosphere, a 
large, complex fleet assembled over the Earth.  Giant cucumber-like ships loaded with drone 
fightercraft, smaller t-shaped craft, medium-sized frigates, and many ships loaded with 
troops, and all the necessities that the new Protoss homeworld would need.  The Protoss were 
going to settle on the Terran homeworld, hoping to learn more about the volatile, short-lived 
beings that had some time ago settled in their territory, and to coexist with them.  Tassadar 
and his comrade Fenix were the commanders of this expedition, and the Judicator Conclave were 
aboard the Arbiter ships.  Tassadar piloted his personal Carrier, the Gantrithor, and Fenix 
was aboard a Shuttle with his highest-ranking subordinates.  One Zealot, like himself, and a 
couple of High Templar.  
	"Praetor Tassadar, we are in orbit of the Terran homeworld."  A technician reported.
Tassadar, squinted his blue, glowing eyes, deep in thought.  "Let's go."  He told the younger 
technician.
	Tenchi woke up to another beautiful summer morning, glad that Ryoko was actually hard 
at work.  So then she wouldn't ambush him when he least expected it.  He then heard 
klaxons going off in the Confederate base of operations, and he wondered, "hmmm...what could 
be going on now?"  He quickly dressed, and found himself face-to-face with Kiyone.  Both 
blushed, and Kiyone said, "I was going to wake you up Tenchi, since everyone else is busy."  
Then, the Captain himself of the expedition, stepped into the hallway.  "Oh, hi, Falcon."  
The young man, seemed very odd indeed.  He was an out-of-shape, overweight person, but since 
his tactics had once saved the capitol of Tarsonis, he was assigned to this important 
expedition.  Nobody knew his real name, but he went by "Falcon."  But anyway, on with the 
story...
	"Mr. Misaki, we got a situation here."  Falcon reported to him.  "We got some of the 
aliens orbiting the planet.  We're ready for any attacks, but still..." he shrugged.  
Tenchi pondered about this, but then Kiyone spoke up, "maybe we should talk with Washuu?"
	Washuu was working diligently in her lab.  "Washuu, there are some of the aliens 
that are orbiting Earth.  What should we do?"  Tenchi asked.  A few moments passed, when a 
Marine burst through the door.  "THEY'RE LANDING NEARBY!"
	Fenix squinted at the light, as the Shuttle's bay opened, to reveal a young Terran, 
two Terran Marines, and a group of six female Terrans.  Only the young Terran and the 
females were clad in "civie" clothing.  Well, two were in what seemed to be law enforcement 
uniforms.  He spoke to their minds, "En Taro Adun!  I am Praetor Fenix of the Akilae Tribe."
	Unfazed, the two Marines raised their rifles, shouldering them, but they seemed a 
bit uncomfortable.  Fenix continued, "I wish to speak with the one in charge around here."  
At that, Tenchi moved forward, "hi, I'm Tenchi Misaki."  He gestured to a purple-haired woman, 
"this is Ayeka," then he nodded his head to a cyan-haired woman, "that's Ryoko," then he went 
to a little girl with hair a shade darker than Ryoko's, "this is Sasami," he pointed out a 
tan-skinned blonde, "that's Mihoshi," he gestured to a "cute" little red-headed girl/woman, 
"this is Washuu," and he blushed and gestured to a young woman with aquamarine hair, "this is 
Kiyone."  (I know I know!  I just like Kiyone!  Sheesh!)
	Fenix and his lieutenants surveyed the group Tenchi had introduced to them.  The 
Protoss fleet landed, and started constructing/warping in their vital structures, 
establishing themselves on their new homeworld.  Especially since the Zerg had infested Aiur.  
At a meeting with Tenchi and the gang, and the high-ranking officials of both Protoss and 
Confederate forces.  The Conclave, made up most of the Protoss government, but Tassadar 
was there.  Everyone listened, as the Protoss described themselves and the REAL alien threat 
that was going to be upon everyone on the Terran world.  "...and so you see, a cease-fire 
and truce must come between both of our races."  Tassadar finished.  The Conclave looked on 
in silence, monitoring the reactions of the Terrans.  Mihoshi cried, "that's terrible!"  
She continued to sob.  Everyone grew giant beads of sweat on the back of their heads.  
Even the Conclave and Tassadar had them.  Falcon, the lead official of the Terran forces, 
now turning against the Confederacy, and renaming him and his men as the "Conscience 
Foundation."  He looked on, and nodded in silent agreement.  He had founded this in honor of 
Ms. Makibi; namely, Kiyone Makibi.  
	Tenchi looked on at his love, Ayeka, and watched her facial expression shift 
periodically.  "Man...this is getting weirder and weirder."  He thought to himself.  A Protoss 
Judicator nodded, "so it is settled then.  Our races will unite.  This meeting is adjourned."  
Everyone began to stand up, and leave, but Falcon called to Kiyone, "hey, Kiyone, could I chat 
with ya for a sec?"
	Later, over a cup of tea (Falcon preferred water), Kiyone repeated what she heard, 
"So you want me to be the leader of your foundation?"  Falcon nodded his head.  "Not forcin' 
ya, but just an offer.  I heard that your promotions were delayed by Mihoshi."  Kiyone sighed.  
"Can I think about this?"  Falcon, being good-natured, shrugged, "sure, why not?"  He stood, 
and left the room.  Kiyone sighed again.  "This is gonna be a tough one," she thought.  
	Meanwhile, Falcon had caught up with Praetor Fenix, and asked, "hey, Fenix, what do ya 
think that our techs could improve on the Marine Combat Suit?"  Judging by the glowing red 
eyes, Falcon thought, he must be thinking.  "Maybe you could install shields that are similar 
to our own Zealot combat armor."  Falcon scratched his head, and shrugged, "why not?"
	Ayeka scurried about, serving food to the gruff Marines, the groovy Firebats, the 
mysterious Ghosts, and the enigmatic Zealots.  She looked in disgust, some of the slightly 
bored (not perverted) Terrans, looking at Ryoko on a makeshift stage that Washuu had created.  
Even the Zealots had gotten curious, and joined the Terrans, examining the humanoid, whom was 
stripping herself of clothing.  Tenchi, Noboyuki, and Falcon began to expand the Misaki house, 
constructing/adding onto the rooms.  Everything was fine and dandy, and everyone was happy.  
Even the Protoss seemed to enjoy themselves.  Especially, now Washuu had created another hot 
spring bath.  But out in the dark depths of space, insectoid aliens approached...

End of Part II
Coming Up:
Part III: Zerg Swarm           