It is HIGHLY reccomended  you read the first story in this series!  
Or else you won't know the background on Ein! Ein is quite a 
mechanic, with some interesting tricks up his sleve this time!  I 
hope you enjoy it! please send an email to 
mat.gilbert@worldnet.att.net

Tenchi Muyo is owned by Pioneer and AIC, Gundam is owned by 
BanDai, Dragon Ball Z is owned by Funimation (If I'm wrong I 
appolagise) I just made the story. 

Without no further interuptions, I present, NO NEED FOR LOST 
SOULS! (completely commercial free!!!)   ^_^

No Need For Lost Souls! -Continuation of No Need For Strangers!

	Ein was finaly begining to settle in to the masaki household.  
He hadn't had any luck with Ryoko lately.  She didn't seem to care 
as much as she did before.  He spent a lot of time in his Mobile 
Suit.  It was fully equiped with tv and some games, Ein was a 
gamer at heart.  Ein noticed sombody looking up and saw Tenchi 
holding on to the pull rope.  "Oh hey Tenchi"  "Hi Ein, noticed 
you like it in here" said Tenchi.  "Well it's kind of a home away 
from home" said Ein.  Tenchi noticed a picture of a girl with Ein 
taped to the cockpit of Hirohoto.  She was a beautiful girl, with 
shoulder length wavy brown hair.  She had deep brown eyes and a 
freckled face.  She had a wonderful smile.  "Who's she Ein?" asked 
Tenchi.  "Oh, that's Lauren.  She was my girlfriend.  Sad memory" 
"Oh sorry Ein" Tenchi felt bad for prying "If it's any 
consolation, I lost my mother at an early age" added Tenchi as if 
trying to sympathisze with Ein.  "Yeah well when I heard that 
she'd been killed in an accident I flipped."  "I was young so I 
really didn't rembember much, but I do miss her." Tenchi added.  
Ein realized that they were on a level field for losses, and 
continued.  "For a while I didn't believe it.  Then a couple days 
after I heard it I saw an article in a newspaper.  I couldn't 
believe it. So I ran away."  "After a girl?" Tenchi asked "Like I 
said, I've never had my luck with women that I'd like" Tenchi and 
Ein smiled ,"but Lauren was different, for once in my life a girl 
was nice to me and loved me."  "She proposed we run away to go to 
get married on earth one day, and had a plan."  "And?" asked 
Tenchi "I turned her down because I thought my parents wouldn't 
approve.  I'll always regret that for the rest of my life." Ryoko 
looked down, she thought she felt a tear in her eye, no it 
couldn't be.  She'd been sitting on Hirohoto's shoulder listening 
in. She contemplated going down after tenchi left and seeing Ein 
again, but she realized it was time for her favorite soap, so she 
went in and sat down on the couch next to aeka with a basket of 
crackers.

	Whenever he could Ein was hovering about Washu.  He found her 
mildy attractive, but a slave to technology he was, and Washu was 
the biggest techno-freak he'd ever met. Washu had Ein in a capsule 
that accurately represented his mobile suit perfectly, minus one 
picture. Washu had Ein running in a combat simulator to see what 
his skills were up to, or so she said.  Washu was running her 
brain wave analyzers, she wanted to know where this shady figure 
came from.  She saw Ein's story of running, and pain.  Washu ended 
the simulation abrubtly, opening the door.  "What's the deal?" 
asked Ein with a raised eyebrow  "Well, I see how much you've been 
through, I felt so bad for you!" Washu spoke to Ein as she tried 
to console him-and get into his pants.  Washu entered the cockpit 
"Oh Ein come here!"  Washu pressed herself against Ein as she 
closed her eyes and began to near Ein's lips.  For the first time 
in his life, Ein felt blood run out of his nose.  He fled, 
screaming, out of the lab,  Washu's crab clanking as he slammed 
the door.  Ein sat down in the hallway panting and wiping his lip.  
"What a gusher" he thought as he pulled a hankerchief from his 
pocket.  "So I see Washu's been after you now" Tenchi said with a 
slight giggle.  "Funny" Ein retorted "Just wait till I get you in 
a mobile suit!"  "Actually, I was going to go to Miss Washu to ask 
about my suit just now!"  "Oh no, I'm NOT going back down there, 
not after miss "I've got magic fingers" just tried to put the 
moves on me!"  "Don't worry, I'll be with you" said Tenchi.  "Oh 
ok" said Ein as he carefully walked behind tenchi into Washu's 
lab.

	"Oh you're here Tenchi!"  Washu said with delight.  "Yes 
Washu, I was wondering if you were done with my suit."  "Yeah, 
Tenchi's been makin fun of me lately, I need to get back at him!" 
Ein said in a menacing tone.  Tenchi was supprised and stepped 
back from him, but Ein smiled and said in a calm almost scared 
voice "Just kidding with ya man!"  Washu walked over to a large 
figure with a brown sheet over it.  "Ok Tenchi, in exchange for 
the suit, I'll need that sample I want!"  Tenchi screamed "No way 
washu!!!"  "Ok, I'm just kidding!  I present to you, the TENCHI 
2001!"  Washu 1 & 2 popped up "Washu you're the greatest!"  "The 
Unquestionable Genius of the Universe!"  Ein sighed and laughed to 
himself. Washu pushed a button and the brown sheet covering the 
suit fell to the ground.  It revealed a glimmering white and blue 
suit.  It appeared to be holding tenchi's sword, or what looked to 
be a large version.  It had a large beam cannon strapped to the 
leg, and a heat whip on one of the hands. "Tenchi, this suit 
amplifies your Jurian power! You might even be able to create the 
lighthawk swords with it!"  "Wow Washu, that's amazing!" Ein 
bursted as he ran towards the pull rope and just as he almost 
touched it, he was zapped  and flung across the lab, creating a 
nice dent in the wall.  "Tisk tisk tisk Ein!  This is TENCHI'S 
SUIT, not YOURS!"  Ein sighed a burnt crispened dented sigh.

	Aeka was out taking a bath and Ryoko siezed the opportunity 
to latch onto Tenchi.  Ein and Tenchi were fixated to Dragon Ball 
Z.  It was the Frieza saga, and Goku was battling the final form 
of Frieza. It was as if Tenchi and Ein were in a state of 
"mihoshi-isim", glued to the tv.  "Ohh Tenchi, that old bat Aeka 
is gone, now we can be alone" Ryoko said as she sat in between Ein 
and tenchi pushing him through the wall and onto Mihoshi. "Oww" 
Mihoshi and Ein said simultaniously,  as Ein's nose began to bleed 
as he realized where his hands were. Ein helped Mihoshi up and 
dusted himself off.  He sighed,  "Maby I'll never meet her again" 
He watched as Ryoko crawled about Tenchi.  She had an undying lust 
for Tenchi and loved him without question.  She would give her 
life for him. He rembembered what that felt like, and a small pain 
came to his chest, the pain of lonlieness. Then it all hit him 
like a ton of bricks.  He rembembered the shock of losing his 
family, and his love.  A tear rolled down his face.  Ryoko, Tenchi 
and Mihoshi were stareing at him as he sobbed, looked off and ran 
out of the house.

	Ein gripped the photo, the last memory he had.  He sobbed, 
"She's gone, and I screwed up.  I'll never meet her again.  I 
can't believe it. "  Ryoko phased into the cockpit with him.  
"AAAA" screamed Ein "What the hell are you doing here?" Ein asked 
as he wiped his face.  After looking down wiping his eyes, and 
looking up again, Ryoko was gone.  "Oh god, I'm losing my mind.  
God I miss you Lauren." Ein sobbed as Ryoko sat on the shoulder of 
the suit..  "I shouldn't have bothered him" Ryoko thought. Ein 
wiped his eyes, put the picture back on the wall of the cockpit 
began his normal rounds in his suit, doing his normal maintanince 
jobs.  As he worked, he ate his normal bag of chips and soda.  Ein 
had taken apart most of the suit, the legs arms and wings were off 
and on the side.  All of his lifts and cranes were still there.  
He figured a new paint job might do Hirohoto some good.  

	Tenchi and Ein were watching another exciting episode of 
Dragon Ball Z.  Goku had gone Super Sayin, this was truly 
exciting. Ein asked Tenchi, "Have you ever felt like you don't 
belong, like you are lost?"  "Not really" said Tenchi "I have this 
whole household and a bunch of girls to protect, I guess you could 
say I belong here."  "Well I just hate it, I hate feeling useless, 
like I'm needed nowhere.  It sucks."  "Well, everybody else came 
here pretty much the same way you did!  This is where they belong 
now. I guess.  Maby you belong here too." Ein was rummaging 
through some photo albums in the household, doing the best he 
could of keeping quiet. He saw the pictures of the christmas, and 
of past birthdays and other celebrations. He found the picture he 
wanted, removed it, and carefully placed back the photo album.    
"I guess I belong" Ein sighed "for now" as he looked up at the 
stars throught the window.

	The day had finaly come for Tenchi and Ein to go toe to toe 
in an all out battle of Mobile Suit proportions.  Tenchi and Ein 
shook hands, both confirming that this would not be a "To the 
death" fight and smiling at that. This time Ein did not look at 
Ryoko.  She was confused by this, every time Ein had climbed into 
his suit, he'd looked at her in some way.  this time he didn't.  
"What modifications did you make Ein?" Washu was curious as to 
what Tenchi was up against.  "Just cosmetic, and a little bit of 
energy."  Ein climbed into the newly painted Hirohoto.  He looked 
up to his picture, "Together" he said to himself.  Ein powered up 
his scythe which breathed a much larger cyan energy beam.  The 
suit looked over at Ryoko, and she understood why he didn't wave. 
Ryoko didn't realize it but the scythe also had "Ryoko" engraved 
upon it.  Ein had a habit of giving the names of people or places 
he liked to his belongings.  Hirohoto was his home town on the 
colony.  He now had another part of the picture, he had a reason 
to go on. Tenchi grabbed the beam cannon off the leg, and Washu 
commanded the start of the battle.

	Tenchi had been training for about two weeks for this battle, 
under Washu, so Ein was in for more than just a little skirmish.  
Tenchi pounded off a couple rounds at Ein, who closed the wings 
and deflected them.  Hirohoto flew up and swung the scythe so hard 
it made a sonic boom.  The energy released from the scythe at this 
speed whipped towards Tenchi and caught him off guard.  He swung 
the heat whip at the energy, and the entire arm was taken off.  
"Hell of an adjustment!" Screamed washu in excitement!  Hirohoto's 
scythe was considerably smaller, as it landed on one knee and the 
scythe flared up again.  Tenchi's useable arm grabbed his sword as 
it powered up.  Tenchi and Ein engaged in a standoff as neither 
would break the clash of energy weapons.  Eventually Ein's two 
arms overpowered Tenchi's one, but when Tenchi was knocked back, 
he severed the legs of Hirohoto from the knee cap down.  Ein was 
in trouble, his scythe flared up to twice it's largest size and a 
lound sonic boom was heard.  All the sudden there was an extreemly 
bright white and black ominousness about the sky.  Washu screamed 
as she tapped frantically on her holo-laptop.  "I can't do 
anything!!! There's WAY too much energy for me to deal with this 
abruptly and quickly, it's almost as if..."  Tenchi's suit was 
radiating a golden ora as three glowing blades protruded out in 
front of it.  "THE LIGHT HAWK SWORD!" screamed Washu, as she 
frantically typed into her computer.  Hirohoto's scythe flared up 
the largest it'd been, and turned a white color.  Then another 
sonic boom, but the standoff was still there when the smoke 
cleared. All of the sudden the light hawk swords broke through the 
beam scythe and Hirohoto exploded.  

	"NOOOO, How did I let this happen!" Screamed Washu.  A grave 
atmosphere was in the air as everybody was sorroful.  "Is he 
dead?" asked Sasami as she sobbed "He can't be, he was gonna teach 
me to play hackey sack. WAAAAA"  "Oh come here Sasami" Aeka called 
Sasami over and held her.  She looked over Sasami's shoulder to 
Washu.  "I'll do the best I can,  I have limited time, and an 
energy explosion of this magnitude should have happened a long 
time ago in this battle, according to my calculations, when 
Hirohoto powered up for it's first scythe blast!"  "Oh my!" 
Noboyuki said as he continued video taping the entire affair.  
Tenchi landed his suit and jumped out, all decked out in Jurian  
garb, like the time he made the light hawk sword in front of the 
black hole.  "What happened to Ein?" Tenchi said frantically.  "We 
don't have much time" said Washu as she grabbed Tenchi and they 
teleported into the lab.

	It was three days before Tenchi emerged from Washu's lab.  
Everybody wanted to see how Ein was doing, and what happened to 
him, but Washu said she was very busy and couldn't be disturbed.  
She told Ryoko through her *connection* to teleport into the lab.  
"Ryoko, here he is" Washu said as she  pointed to a beaten scraped 
and torn Ein floating in a tube of Bio-Medical fluid.  "You are 
the reason he went over the edge Ryoko" Washu said with a sad 
tone. "Hey!" Ryoko yelled "I didn't do anything to Ein, SO HOW 
COULD I CAUSE THIS" "It's not what you did, it's what you didn't 
do." Ryoko was puzzled.  "You see, the loss of his family and his 
girlfriend Lauren has damaged Ein.  He is out there searching for 
lost souls. He has a feeling of uselessness and he can't go on 
like that.  When Tenchi snapped the legs off his Mobile Suit, I 
think that's when he went." Washu began to walk around the tube, 
to a console, and began typing.  "I can prove that a thought of 
you caused him to send out an energy burst that in the hands of  
you or even me, if not handled correctly, could have destroyed 
this universe."  She displayed on a screen, from Ein's view, a 
scene of Ryoko groping Tenchi, and Tenchi telling her that she 
shouldn't do that.  Then Ein ran out and a scene of him crying on 
a photograph of him and a girl. "Lauren, right?" asked Ryoko "Yep, 
this was the last image I could decipher from his memory."  It was 
a picture of the cockpit, the Light Hawk Swords were clearly 
visable along with the scythe on the monitors,  but it was centerd 
on a photograph on the side.  Washu zoomed in on the image, It was 
of Ryoko smiling and giving a peace sign. And it was right next to 
the one of Ein and Lauren. In the instant that she finished 
zooming in on it, Ryoko understood.  Ein had an undieing love for 
Lauren, and he missed that so much he'd do anything for it again, 
even for a little while, from anyone.

	A week passed and Ryoko finaly got the guts up to look at  
Ein again.  What she realized puzzled her.  She loved Tenchi, but 
what were her true feelings for Ein? She neared the tank that Ein 
was in, and he waved to her.  She smiled at him and gave him the 
peace sign.  "That's the first time I've seen him smile all week 
long  Ryoko" said Washu with a smirk on her face.  Ryoko walked up 
to the tube.  Ein reached out to the tube, and wrote out on the 
side of the tank "I love you".  Ryoko was dumbfounded, she 
scratched the back of her head, and then Washu finaly said what 
Ryoko needed.  "Listen Ryoko, Tenchi will be around for a long 
time, but Ein won't.  DON'T YOU GET IT? Ein has a sad and scarred 
past, he has no reason to go on! Give him a reason to go on!" 
Ryoko looked at the tank, Ein slept in suspended animation. Ryoko 
finaly got it.  She knew that Ein wasn' t that bad, and that he 
needed sombody.  She tapped on the side of the tank.  Ein opened 
his eyes and looked down.  Ryoko leaned over and kissed the tank 
under Ein's message.  Ein smiled again, and then fell back into 
sleep.  Washu smiled and thought "Good girl." 
	

End Episode 2	
Okie doke that was a dooozie wasn't it!! Don't you want to find 
out what will happen between ryoko and ein?  I certainly do, cuz 
at this point and time I have no clue ^_^ please send any 
flames/comments/suggestions to mat.gilbert@worldnet.att.net  I 
REALLY hope you enjoyed this, I had a ton of fun writing it.  (All 
flamers will swiftly have ryo-ohki and ken-ohki sicked on them!)	
