Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Tenchi Muyo characters or anything of that nature. Tenchi Muyo, all 
characters and names are the sole property of AIC and Pioneer. AD&D and Phyrexia are properties of TSR 
and Wizards of the Coast, respectively. I only claim ownership of the characters Kalog Planesmaster, the 
Beastmaster and the Nameless one. 
Please don't sue. I have no money whatsoever to protect myself with or to pay out.
This fanfic is copyrighted 2001, by Loren Ward
Anyway, on with the story......
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
				No need for new Realms : Ch.2
				 Broken sword

	While everyone was going on their adventure, Sasami waited on the floating island in the Void.  
Her only comfort was Tsunami, who walked with the young princess around the island. 

	"I wonder how the others are doing.." mused Sasami

	"They are probably doing fine." said Tsunami.

	"I hope they come back ok," continued Sasami "Then we can go home. I don't like this place.  It is 
too dark and lifeless here."

	'Well, there is need for this place.  Without it's bleakness, there would be no way to balance the 
beauty of the normal world."

	"Oh. But I get a bad feeling whenever I look beyond this island. I wish I could see some of our old 
world. Something familiar."

	"That can be arranged." came a voice.  The cyan haired being phased into reality in front of them.  
With a wave of her hand, a violet haze formed a couple hundred feet from the island. In minutes, the haze 
became a clearly defined object. The elegant, knife-blade shape of the Generation Zero ship Tsunami.  
Sasami's eyes were wide with awe and happiness as the vessel came into being.  

	"You may go anywhere you wish in the Void. However, no matter where you go, the island will 
always be near.  There is no space or time in the Void, so you have complete freedom of action.  The only 
thing you cannot do is leave." said the cyan haired being.

	"Thank you, at least for the use of my ship." said Sasami

	"You are welcome.  I trust you will have a pleasant voyage, Planeshaper"

	With that, the cyan haired being faded away.  

	"Well, shall we be off, Sasami?" asked Tsunami

	"Yes" replied Sasami, happily.

	Minutes later, the elegant vessel moved away from the dreary island and sailed through the chaotic 
infinities.  The Light Hawk Wings shimmered around it, propelling it and protecting it.  And Sasami stood 
in the control section with Tsunami, happy for the first time in a long time.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	Meanwhile, the others had enjoyed a rather rough (but quick) ride on the wagons of the caravan. 
The arrived in a large, walled city by late afternoon of the fourth day of the journey.  It was impressive.  
The walls had high turrets, hanging with banners and flags.  Arrow firing crosses dotted the towers and in 
some places, heavy ballista were visible.

	"Well, I'd say this is a pretty prosperous place to have such good defenses." mused Ryoko. 

	"Yeah, and it seems they have been tested a few times" added Tenchi, pointing to several 
irregularities and burn marks that pockmarked sections of the wall.

	"And that means we know they work," added Washu "Now, lets go see about getting some 
lodging for the night and some horses. Plus, I bet someone in this city might know about this Tarrasque we 
have to kill"

	They rode to where the caravan stopped in silence, taking in the sights and sounds of a medieval 
city.  Finding lodgings wasn't very hard, as there were several inns dotted about.  They settled on one in the 
nicer parts of the city.  It cost more gold than the others, but it had baths and nice rooms. They used the 
room arrangements from the first inn, just to keep an argument from starting (Washu's idea). 

	Ryoko went out first, hitting the taverns and inns, looking for information on their quarry.  
However, since she still wore her armor (minus the helmet and shield), most people avoided her.

	Washu scouted the inner parts of the city, where the richer people lived. She got about as much 
luck as Ryoko, mostly because no one took what they perceived to be a twelve year old girl seriously. All 
she got was a mixture of odd looks, fear and scoffing about "fairy tales".

	Ayeka didn't get out of the inn. After her bath, she slept. She had alot of aches from the wagon 
ride and didn't feel like going anywhere for a while.

	Mihoshi explored the walls, talking to guards and soldiers.  She didn't get anything from them 
except for offers to go to taverns when they got off duty and things of that nature.  But, as we could expect, 
she did cause some trouble.  While talking to the crew of one  of the ballistas and looking it over, she began 
her "what does this do?" and "can I help with this?" thing (remember Washu's lab equipment? You know 
what I mean).  What resulted was the firing of a ballista bolt, the snapping of several ropes and the 
damaging of the rotation assembly.  Several days later, there would be a complaint from a noble about a 
ballista bolt coming through his dining room window and breaking his expensive table in two.

	Tenchi didn't get anything done. After getting lost in the myriad of streets, he just went back to 
the inn and waited.

	Later that night, they discussed what they had found. Washu worried that they might get a fine for 
the wrecked ballista, but the crew was still unconscious, so they were in the clear.  No one could report 
anything of any use. 

	"Well, judging by the reactions I got from people when I asked about the Tarrasque, it either 
doesn't exist or it is a much feared destruction monger.  No one can seem to tell me anything else."

	"No one would even talk to me.  All I found out is that the taverns here sell really crappy alcohol 
and no water." said Ryoko.

	Washu was about to tell the others about her location of some horses when a dark, rat-sized 
creature flew into the window.  Mihoshi and Ayeka screamed while Tenchi, Washu and Ryoko tried to 
drive it out. It alighted on a bookshelf and in a human voice screeched at them to stop.  It was a blackbird, 
and a very angry one at that.

	Startled by the voice, they stopped and looked at the intruder.  

	"Do you think you can stop her from that annoying whine?" the bird said, looking at Mihoshi, who 
was clamped onto Ayeka tightly.  It took some doing, but finally they got Mihoshi calmed down.

	"Well, now maybe I can get my message to you without fear for my life and my sanity." huffed 
the bird. "Now then, my master's sources tell me that you have been asking around for information on the 
Tarrasque.  If you will follow me, I can take you to my master, who can give you better information than 
any drunken barfly will give you."

	"This seems to be our only lead, so I say we take it." said Ryoko.

	"Wait a minute.  What if this is some kind of trick? or a trap?" asked Ayeka. "We could get 
mugged or be set back several days or...."

	"I think Ryoko is right," interrupted Tenchi. "Judging by all we have seen in this world, I doubt 
that whoever sent the bird wants to mug us.  Why go through all the trouble of sending what is probably a 
valuable companion or pet just for that?"

	"Right, I say we follow the bird." said Washu. Turning to the bird, she simply said "Lead on."

	The bird hopped off the shelf, winged over to the window and then was outside.  They all went out 
the window, and then remembered the fact they were on the third story of the inn.  

	"I'm sure I can whip up something to help," said Washu, flipping through her spellbook. "Ahh, 
here we go."
	
	She started to chant some strange words and make odd hand motions. Everyone, except Ryoko, 
floated off their feet and hung in the air.  With a wave of her hand, Washu flew (taking the others) after the 
bird.  Ryoko just used her own power of flight to follow.  

	It was a short flight.  The bird landed on the balcony of a dark tower by the city walls.  The tower 
itself was almost as high as the walls, but had an eerie look about it.   When they landed on the balcony, 
which was rather large, someone came out to greet them.  He seemed to be an old man, judging by his grey 
beard and bushy eyebrows. He wore dark robes with a deep hood, but they couldn't tell what color it was in 
the fading light.

	"Well, so you decided to take my offer," he said. "Well, come in.  Can't have visitors standing out 
in the cold night."  

	He led them into a circular room with several chairs around a table. Shelves lined the walls, except 
where there where windows. Books were everywhere, in disarray it seemed.

	"Please, sit down. "he offered. They sat on the chair, the old man at the head of the table. "Oh, I'm 
sorry. I haven't given  you a proper introduction to myself.  I am Kendal, the resident wizard of this fine 
city. And I know you've already met my familiar, Glen."

	"Pleased to meet you," said Washu. "Now, your bird said you had some information on this 
Tarrasque.  Please, enlighten us."

	"To the point. I like that in people.  Anyway, the beast you seek is as mysterious as it is legendary.  
No one has every seen it and lived to tell the tale. Not much is really known about it, save that it is very 
destructive and appears infrequently.  I think it has been nearly a hundred years since the last reported 
incident."

	"A century? Geez!  We could be old and grey by the time this thing appears." gasped Ryoko.

	"Given it's reputation, most people would want to be dead before they see it. As I said,  no one is 
known to have survived attacks by this beast." said the wizard.  "Heck, it was even reputed to have brought 
down one of the ancient civilizations.  I think I have a book from that civilization mentioning it 
somewhere......"

	The wizard rummaged through various shelves before he found what he was looking for.  He 
plumped down a heavy, leather bound book with metal clasps and faded gold lining.  Turning to the end of 
the book he read aloud:

	'Our end is near.  We can hear the roar of the destroyer echoing through the valleys.  This is the 
last city, we are the last of our people.  The reptilian beast has killed our best troops, our best wizards and 
destroyed our best land.  Nothing seems to be able to stop it.  We can only assume we have made a major 
affront to the gods to deserve such a fate.'

	They listened intently, scarcely daring to breath as the wizard read the passages, telling of whole 
countrysides ravaged and cities laid to ruin.  Mihoshi was whimpering in fear.

	"So from what you know, this thing is unstoppable?" asked Washu when the wizard was finished 
reading.

	"Well, yes. Judging from what is known about this creature. I think what I just read was the only 
written account of it. I found it in some city ruins in the Spine of the World." answered Kendal.

	"Could you take us there, or show us where the city is?" asked Ayeka.

	"I  could, but that is quite a journey. It's across the sea, which is quite perilous, and the mountains 
of the Spine are not a friendly place either." stated the wizard.

	"Well, we have to if we are to find this Tarrasque.  Then maybe we can get Sasami and go home." 
said Ryoko. "I'm getting tired of this low-tech place. They don't have any sake!"

	"Uhhmmm, yeah." said Washu. "Anyway, we should make plans to get there.  Are there any ports 
nearby?"

	"Oh yes. There is a fairly large port about a days journey from here. You guys have horses?"

	"Yes. I bought us some right before we came here." said Washu.

	"Excellent. I'll meet you at your inn tomorrow.  Good night!"

	Kendal had led them to the balcony. Washu recast her flight spell and they were back to the inn, to 
prepare and to get some rest.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	In the Void, Sasami laughed as Tsunami roared past formations of chaos, kicking up nothingness 
like water. They blasted past swirls that Tsunami said were probably gates to reality, and broken pieces of 
chaos that seemed to follow them, like dogs follow cars.

	Tsunami and Sasami enjoyed their freedom of movement. They felt so alive, so powerful. So free. 

	Then they went too far. They tried to twist around one of the chaos formations, but something 
lurked beyond it. They both gasped.  

	It was as big, if not bigger, than the Soja had been. A black ship, sleek and deadly looking.  It's 
sides looked like they were made of the ribs of some massive animal and the keel looked like a sharpened 
spine. Great tusks jutted from the bow and stern.  The deck was covered with black turrets carrying guns as 
long as Tsunami herself.  And, eerily beautiful in the shifting nothingness, there were two sails of 
translucent silver arranged in butterfly fashion sweeping back from the stern.  

	"Hold on Sasami. I'll try to avoid it." warned Tsunami.

	Tsunami rearranged her Light Hawk Wings to provide the best coverage while making a hard left 
turn.  The huge vessel swung turrets on the side facing them and on deck towards them.  Great bursts of 
white energy spewed from the dark muzzles. Chaos swirled like clouds at the passing of the energy.  

	Tsunami twisted and shook, trying to avoid or deflect the shots as best as she could. Sasami 
screamed. A blast hit them full on. The Light Hawk Wings absorbed some of the energy, but much got 
through. Tsunami cried out in pain as part of her shattered. 

	In pain, she fired back.  Her guns spoke her pain, her anger.  The bolts raced across the other ship 
in waves of crimson destruction.  Chunks of the dark hull peeled away.

	The other ship suddenly started moving. It moved faster than it's size would indicate.  Tsunami 
put her arms protectively around Sasami as the other vessel raced towards them.  A massive tusk cut deeply 
into Tsunami, spearing her like a fish.  The bow and stern broke apart.  The bow fell into an intake and was 
consumed in a fury not witnessed by any mortal.  The stern, where Sasami and the tree of Tsunami were, 
spun away, end over end.

	Like the cyan haired being had said, the island was close by. Tsunami fell onto it with a grinding 
crash. Sasami was knocked out.  Tsunami, battered and in much pain, carried the unconscious body out of 
the wreckage of herself.  They were met by the cyan haired being. 

	"Do not worry, she will be fine.  You however, are in poor shape.  I cannot repair you without 
tainting your power with my own, and you cannot possibly heal yourself here."

	"Then why don't you let us go? If I die, then so will she." said Tsunami.

	"As we said before, you will remain here.  I can put you in a state of suspension, where you will 
neither be harmed or healed. But you cannot be repaired and be expected to be a guard of this universe 
without enhancement." replied the cyan haired being.

	"What kind of enhancement?" asked Tsunami warily.

	The cyan haired being transmitted it to the Tsunami part of Tsunami, where Sasami could not 
sense anything.  

	"No. I could never do that.  It would hurt Sasami more than my death could." gasped Tsunami.

	"You must. And you will.  The Master has already manipulated events to make it so. Not even you 
or Tokimi could change what will happen."

	The cyan haired being reached over and touched Tsunami's forehead. She started to faint.   With 
her last bit of strength, Tsunami asked 'Who are you?'

	The reply was faint.  'I am the BeastMaster.  Rest well, Tsunami Planeshaper'

	That was the last conscious though Tsunami remembered until she was reawakened.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	The horses Washu had bought were magnificent.  Medium warhorses. Strong, reliable and fast.  
She spent most of her money getting them and the supplies, but they were the best available.  Kendal, and 
his familiar, met them as promised out by the front of the inn.  He rode a black horse and had on a dark 
traveling cloak.  By late morning, they set off.

	On the way, Washu and Kendal conversed on magic.  Washu learned almost as much from him as 
she had by reading her book.  Mihoshi was making friends with the blackbird, which enjoyed the fact it 
seemed to understand things better than the young woman.

	Tenchi, Ryoko and Ayeka rode side by side.  Tenchi in the middle, Ryoko to the right, Ayeka to 
the left. They were each trying to keep his attention, but after a while, they found it was making them fall 
behind, and they toned it down.  As the sun was setting, they were greeted by a magnificent view of the sea.  
Great ships were at rest in the harbor of a major port city.

	"Tonight, we get some rest. I'll get us and the horses passage on a good ship while you get us 
some rooms in a hotel." said Kendal.

	They stopped at a nice inn and got some dinner. Fish, of course. That was in abundance here. 
Afterwards, they settled into their rooms. Tenchi and Kendal would share a room, while the girls were in 
one across the hall.

	A half hour after he left, Kendal was back.

	"I got us passage on the Queen of the Seas" he said. "Nice ship. Two masted trireme.  She ought to 
get us across the sea in a couple days, barring bad weather."

	"The horses, too?" asked Washu.

	"All taken care of.  They will be down in the hold.  We'll have the passenger quarters.  Not much, 
just a set of bunks and some lockers for our equipment, but better than steerage." he explained.

	They sat down at a table to discuss the finer details.  No one was in the tavern, as it was very late. 
Not even the barkeeper was there.

	As they talked, sparks began to dance from Tenchi's sword handle.  Waves of red electricity 
coursed across the scabbard and Tenchi groaned in pain.

	'Tenchi!" gasped Ryoko.  He was starting to lose consiousness as the electricity coursed through 
him.

	Ignoring her own safety, Ryoko grabbed the sword handle.  She screamed as the defenses of 
Tenchi-ken zapped her worse than Tenchi was taking. But she pulled the sword out and threw it to the 
ground.  It clattered, flickered with pale blue light and then the blade snapped in two.  

	Tenchi, struggling to stay consious , gasped as the light faded. Ryoko had passed out from the 
pain, smoke pouring from her in thin wisps. 

	No one moved. They were too stunned to do much else.  Kendal was the first to react.

	"We better get those two a healer fast!  They don't look too well. Especially the girl." he said in a 
concerned voice.

	"Ayeka, that being said you had a book a healing magics. Use them!" snapped Washu.

	Ayeka, still in a daze, snapped out of it. "Oh, right." Inside, she was in turmoil. Her, healing 
Ryoko?  She should have known better than to grab Tenchi-ken like that. But, then again, she probably had 
saved Tenchi's life.

	"We'll get them in bed. You start looking through your book and see what will help them." said 
Washu.  She picked up Ryoko and carried her to the room where Kendal was taking Tenchi. Mihoshi was 
following, sobbing and praying for them to live.

	They were stripped of their black armor and put into seperate beds.  A few minutes later, Ayeka 
came in. 

	"I think this should help.  It will take a while to work, but it should heal them."

	"Well, give it a try.  If it doesn't work, you have all night to find more healing spells." said 
Washu.

	Ayeka placed her hands on Tenchi's temples.  Reading from the book Washu held before her, she 
chanted words she didn't know the meanings of.  Her hands glowed and an aura of white light surrounded 
Tenchi.  His breathing became more regular and he seemed to relax.  

	Sleepily, he opened his eyes, suprised to see everyone around him.  

	"Whats going on? What happened?" he asked.

	"Your sword nearly killed you with an electrial discharge. Ryoko got it off you, but she is a bit 
beat up from holding Tenchi-ken." explained Washu.

	Tenchi turned and looked at the unconsious form of Ryoko, who by now was being healed by 
Ayeka.  

	"She took the injury of the Master Key to save me?" he asked.

	"Yes, and when you and her are better, I think you owe something for it. Now, you get some rest.  
We'll be leaving in a couple days, so you and Ryoko need all the healing you can get." finished Washu.

	Tenchi nodded and faced the ceiling.  He felt sorry for Ryoko, taking such a brutal injury.  All for 
him.  All for......him.   He smiled,  thinking of how to thank her as he fell asleep, listening to Ryoko's now 
level breathing.

	In the other room, Ayeka had picked up the now broken sword. Not just the blade was broken, but 
the hilt was as well. The Master Key was broken!  Ayeka didn't like what that could mean.  She put the 
piece of the sword in her backpack and hoped Sasami was all right.
	
 

	




