Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Tenchi Muyo characters or anything of 
that nature. Tenchi Muyo, all
characters and names are the sole property of AIC and Pioneer. AD&D and 
Phyrexia are properties of TSR
and Wizards of the Coast, respectively. I only claim ownership of the 
characters Kalog Planesmaster, the
Beastmaster and the Nameless one.
Please don't sue. I have no money whatsoever to protect myself with or to 
pay out.
Anyway, on with the story......
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
				No need for New Realms : Ch.8
			                 Rise of the dark god..

	Ryoko, Tenchi and Ayeka tumbled out of the black portal onto a field of 
grass. Grass made of
green tinted steel that scraped their armor stretched from horizon to 
horizon in vast fields.  Only great
smoke-stacks, billowing forth great clouds of smoke into a maze of pipes 
that made up the sky, broke up
the red horizon. And it was hot.beastly hot.

	"Where the hell is this place?" Ryoko asked in awe, getting to her feet.

	Ayeka, barley able to move at all now, smiled as she saw the landscape 
around her.

	"We..are.in..Phyyyrexxiaaaa.."she hissed, "and you..are.finissshhhed..."

	Then, as her words faded, she was seized with a fit of trembling. Her 
tortured muscles and strained
body convulsed once..twice.and then lay still. Oil ceased to gush from her 
horrendous wound, and a
thin trail of acid ran down her cheek, hissing on the dark soil.

	"She's gone..." Tenchi whispered, looking at the still form. "She's really 
gone.."

	"Ayeka.." Ryoko said, bowing her head. "Rest in peace."

	A screech boomed across the vast plains, echoing off the pipes in the 
sky/ceiling. A screech so
strong and terrible that the ground shook. Startled, the two armored 
warriors looked around for its source.
Nothing met their gaze that could have produced such a din.

	"We better leave Tenchi. That didn't sound good.." Ryoko said, taking his 
arm.

	"What about Ayeka? We shouldn't just leave her body here like..." he 
started to protest.

	"Dammit Tenchi, we don't have the time or capacity to carry her back!" She 
snapped, the weight
of all the events that they had gone through coming down on her in a rush. 
"As she is, she'll probably spill
out on the ground if we move her. Now lets get going before the portal.."

	Above them, the shimmering disk that had dumped them in this hellscape 
flickered like a broken
tv and then blinked out, leaving empty air in it's place.

	".collapses." Ryoko groaned.

	The screech thundered out across the plains again, this time closer. But 
they couldn't see anything
that could be making it. Nothing was in sight, and that worried them 
greatly.

	"Let's get away from here." Tenchi said. " I don't think we should stay 
here."

	"Right."

	Putting her arm around him, Ryoko lifted them both into the air, away from 
the field and from the
shattered body of what was once a cherished member of their family. The 
screech came once more, this
time frighteningly close. Like it was below them...

	Ryoko looked down. They were nearly half a mile up, and the pipes of the 
ceiling were looming
larger, but the ground was undulating in a sickening fashion, like something 
was beneath it, trying to get
out. And out that something came, it's entrance as incredible as it's size.

	The metal ground exploded in a shower of metal plates and geysers of oil in 
an area they estimated
to be nearly two miles square. A great, rounded bulk rose from the rent in 
Phyrexia and towered into the
air. Its bronze faceplate, covered in a gigantic arcane symbol, was level 
with the two flying figures, now
nearly a mile above the ground.

	It screeched from an unseen vocal organ, the shockwave from the titan 
knocking the flight balance
of the pair horribly out of whack. It took all the strength Ryoko could 
muster to hold them up.

	The Phyrexian titan had spied its quarry, and unlimbered its weapons to 
attack. Hundreds of thin,
black tentacles fell from its jagged flanks, each tipped with three massive 
scythe-like blades. Two great
arms, each larger than airliners and tipped with claws longer than telephone 
poles, rose to swat the intruders
down.

	Ryoko phased away from the first arm as it descended, it's great mass 
making it seem to come
down with agonizing slowness.  The wind from it's passage battered them as 
they phased in several
hundred feet away.

	Seeing it's targets again, the beast struck, this time with it's myriad of 
tentacles. Whipping out
with a speed and reach that was unnatural, as everything was in this plane 
of darkness, they sought to
extinguish the life of Ryoko and Tenchi.

	But Ryoko teleported them away from the death trap once more. Claws snapped 
on empty air and
fell away as their momentum was spent and their limits reached.

	Howling in rage, the beast twisted about, searching for it's prey. It could 
not find it anywhere. In
frustration, it began to walk in large, ever increasing circles, rage 
boiling in it's flesh brain.

	"I don't think it will look up here for a while." Ryoko grunted, setting 
them down on the
armored back of the titan.  Their view shifted uneasily as the great war 
machine turned around, still
looking. For something so big to move was a terrible marvel, and knowing it 
moved to kill them made the
two very frightful.

	"What should we do?" Tenchi asked, his fear very apparent.

	"Well, we can't seem to get away from it without it noticing.." Ryoko 
reasoned, "so maybe we
should attack it."

	"Attack it?" Tenchi couldn't believe what he was hearing. "Are you nuts? 
This thing is huge!"

	"Souja was huge, and you attacked it." Ryoko pointed out.

	"No, I attacked Kagato, who was IN Souja, not Souja itself." He countered.

	"Well, I attacked Souja, and even though it was suicidal, I still did it, 
and it worked." She retorted,
angry at his sudden loss of heart.

	"Yeah, I guess you're right." he said, suddenly ashamed of himself. "Well 
then, how are we
going to go about attacking this thing?"

	"I figured on doing something like this.." Ryoko said, forming her energy 
sword, set it a
stabbing grip.

	Drawing the weapon high over her head, she plunged it into the back of the 
monster with all the
force she could. The metal plates gave readily to the weapon, and Ryoko 
forced it in down to the hilt.

	"Now, we go deeper.." She said, forcing more of her energy into it. The 
sword flared and
plunged down into the beast, growing longer and longer with each second. The 
beast felt the hot blade
penetrating it's hide, and it roared in irritation, for though the blade was 
very long, it was but a hot needle
to the titan.

	"I don't think this is doing enough, Ryoko.." Tenchi said, worried at the 
way the beast was acting.
It's circling had stopped, and now he could see the bladed tentacles rising 
all around the, snapping
hungrily.

	"Damn, this thing is one tough son of a bitch.." Ryoko cursed, dissolving 
her blade.

	"Yeah, and I think it's found us."

	The mass of tentacles struck as one. With so many converging on one place 
so quickly, they had
nowhere to go. The blades swept them from the back of the monster with such 
force as to send them flying
away from it's great bulk, in separate directions.

	Looking down, Tenchi could see the ground rushing closer. He couldn't see 
Ryoko anywhere, and
the Tenchi-ken was gone. He closed his eyes, waiting for the end.

	But it didn't come. As the dark ground rushed up to meet him, a barrier of 
energy threw itself
between him and it, blasting the ground with such force as to cause an 
explosion. The beast watched the
spectacle with macabre joy.

	A joy that lasted for about as long as the dark smoke hung around the 
impact site. When it cleared
minutes later, Tenchi stood there unharmed, his armor a dazzling white, with 
two swirling white ribbons
flowing from his shoulders. In his hand was a flaming white sword.

	The beast didn't know what had occurred that allowed Tenchi to survive, but 
it knew that
suddenly a lot of energy was concentrated in one place, and that the energy 
had all the markings of hostile
magic.

	Shouting a defiant warcry, Tenchi bounded across the field, his abilities 
augmented by the power
of the Light Hawk. The behemoth's tentacles slashed out at him, attempting 
to stop his hopeless advance,
but as they came near, he flung his blazing sword at them. The weapon 
instantly turned into a curved ray of
blue light that sought out its targets with a vengeance.

	Black limbs were severed by the dozen and fell to the metal grass to writhe 
and spurt oil in great
gouts.

	And Tenchi wouldn't stop there. The weapon back in his hand, he sprang 
towards the humungous
legs of the monster, aiming for a backwards bending knee.  The vast bulk of 
the beast was now an asset as
Tenchi sped towards it. Unable to move fast enough, it took Tenchi's flaming 
blade full force. The cut was
shallow, for how big the machine was, but the oil that gushed out instantly 
ignited under the influence of
the Light Hawk, and within seconds, the whole knee joint was engulfed in 
flames.

	Screeching, the beast tried to put the blaze out, with little effect. Fire 
rushed down its leg, burning
wherever oil had splattered. Even the ground was starting to burn, the vast 
quantities of oil spilled earlier
becoming a great fuel source.

	Yet the monster still would not topple. Flailing around, it swiped at 
Tenchi with so many clawed
tentacles that he wasn't sure he would be able to avoid them. He ducked his 
head behind his arms and
braced for the bone shattering impact.

	The screech of metal tearing and the absence of the blow made him look up 
from his protective
midair stance.  The horde of tentacles that had been bearing down on him was 
now falling to earth, more oil
gushing out, stoking the flames to greater heights.

	His benefactor hovered a few feet in front of him. Clad in dazzling white, 
the figure had wings of
shimmering power that shone like a thousand stars. As the figure turned 
around, he recognized it instantly.

	"Ryoko!"

	"In the flesh, my love."

	"You.you.can make the Light Hawk Wings!" He said, amazed at the sight 
before him.

	"It seems that I can." she said with a detached amusement. "Now, lets waste 
this bastard."

	"You got it, Ryoko!" He replied, encouraged by the new turn of events.

	Both warriors turned to face the flaming monster before them. Grim, 
determined smiles played
across their faces, and they began to gather their energies.

	The behemoth was utterly confounded. The power it was sensing was greater 
that anything it had
felt in any one place before, and it was experiencing the closest emotion it 
had to worry. But it met worry
with the only thing it knew how to meet things with: it's fury.

	Tenchi and Ryoko blazed like two white comets, cutting through the dark 
Phyrexian sky with
awesome power and speed. They moved so fast that the behemoth could barely 
keep up with it's weapons.
Great rents began to mark it's sides as the two Light Hawk warriors slashed 
into it's armored flanks.

	Flaming oil covered the dying monster now. It shrieked in an agony more 
terrible than it could
possibly endure. It flailed wildly as it was engulfed, the pain suffusing 
it's every nerve.

	Tenchi and Ryoko met in front of the blazing titan. It was now a towering 
inferno in a sea of hell
fire. But it wasn't dead yet.

	"Tenchi, lets show him one of the great powers of the Light Hawk!"

	With a grin, Tenchi remembered what she was referring to. Tenchi faced the 
beast at its eye level,
Ryoko hovering behind him, with her hands on his shoulders.

	In front of them, six Light Hawk blades formed, making a hexagonal pattern 
in the air. With a
flash of lightning, they doubled and rotated, forming a cone of pure white 
energy, with the tip hovering
inches from Tenchi's chest.


	The white cone pulsed with energy, black lightning coursing along it's 
sharply defined edges. The
bolts met at the middle of the wide part of the cone, throwing out red 
sparks as they met.  The sparks
swirled, rotating around the point where the lightning met.

	"Now!" Ryoko yelled, the thrill of victory on her lips.

Holding his hands out, both pointed at the flaming beast before them, Tenchi 
yelled a single word,
one remembered from his attack on Souja: GO!

	The ball of energy, black at it's core and ringed in blood red 
phosphorescence, blasted out with the
eagerness of a wolfhound chasing a rabbit. The ball ate through the sky, 
flashing across nearly a mile in
under three seconds.

	The beast had no idea what hit it. The ball of Light Hawk energy struck it 
in the center of the
glyph that it used to see, burning straight through to the core. Seconds 
later, the titan engine exploded as the
energy within the ball was released. Every part, every bolt, every gear 
separated and was blasted to powder
in the Light Hawk's fury.

	The blast was easily equal a medium sized atomic explosion. A blinding red 
light washed over the
two warriors, heat and debris carried along immediately after it. Their 
Wings protected them, forming a
spherical barrier around, shielding them from the fury that now shook the 
Phyrexian locality.

Yet as the blast began the process of dying down, both Tenchi and Ryoko 
could sense a change in
the whole feel of things. Nothing they could put their finger on, but 
something was definitely amiss.
Something very major, by the feel of it...

Tenchi noticed the attack a few brief seconds before it struck. The 
brilliant light of the dying
explosion was suddenly blotted out by an oily mass of darkness that slammed 
into and completely
enveloped the sphere of Light Hawk energy. The awful blackness rushed around 
them with all the force of
the explosion and howled with terrible wailing of tortured spirits.

	At the very instant the blackness touched the shield, a fierce duel of 
conflicting energy began.
Bright red sparks jumped and sputtered as the energies of the Light Hawk 
reacted to the energy of pure
darkness. The Light Hawk Wings were burning away a great deal of the 
onrushing darkness, but the
darkness ate away at the Wings with equal power.

	"Ryoko, we've got to get out of here!" Tenchi yelled. The attack had barely 
lasted a minute, but
already Tenchi could sense a massive drain of his power. And to make matters 
worse, the shield that held
the darkness at bay was flickering dangerously.

	"I'm trying.." She growled through clenched teeth. "I can't sense anything 
through this junk!"

	With agonizing slowness, they began to move. The sphere was now only a thin 
mist between them
and the black energies outside. The howling grew louder, threatening to 
bodily tear their sanity from their
minds and hurl them into the depths of utter madness.

	"We're not gonna make it!" Ryoko shouted, turning to face him. "The Light 
Hawk Wings can't
take any more!"

	"We have to make it! It can't be much further than.." He was interrupted by 
Ryoko putting her
arms around him. In an embrace that was too loving, too gentle for the 
current situation, she whispered
softly to him.

	"I always dreamed of raising a family with you, Tenchi." Ryoko said, 
holding him tight. The
sphere began to shrink around them as more power was expended on holding 
back the darkness. "But it
looks like we won't have the chance.."

	"Ryoko.." He put his arms around her, tears running down his cheeks. "I'm 
sorry."

	She shook her head. "Don't be."

	Tenchi suddenly felt a searing heat on his back, right where Ryoko's hands 
held him. The pain cut
into him like a knife, but in all the madness that surrounded them, it was 
his link to sanity and it felt good
compared to the alternative.

	"Ryoko, what are you.."

	"It won't get us Tenchi. I'll make sure of that." She said softly. "Good 
bye, my love."

	"Good bye, Ryoko.." He squeezed her tightly.

	At that moment, the shield collapsed utterly. Darkness and light exploded 
in Tenchi's mind, and
searing heat washed over him. Time seemed to stretch forever as the heat 
blasted him, the howling drown
out by an overpowering silence.  Then, as suddenly as it had formed in his 
mind, the universe fell into a
well of darkness with no bottom.

	Deep within the bowels of the Phyrexian fortress, a shadow fell across the 
shimmering surface of a
massive formation of crystal. Within the crystal lay the lifeless forms of 
Washu and Mihoshi, encased by
magic to protect them in their eternal rest.

	The shadow deepened, and with a tiny pop, a crack appeared in the crystal. 
A black claw extended
from the darkness, touching the miniscule fracture. Blue energy danced at 
the touch and the crack began to
expand, running rapidly through the intricate crystalwork. Then, with a 
silent explosion of light and the
tinkle of falling crystal, the protective spell fell away, vanishing into 
the netherworld it had sprang from.

As silently as a thought, the black shadow fell across the two dead figures, 
a set of black tentacles
snaking out of it's darkness to seize them.

	The sky was so beautiful, it's glorious blue expanse broken only by the 
wisps of cloud
that drifted lazily in the wind. Wind as light as breath drifted across 
meadows of soft pink flowers, brushing
the delicate petals and leaves against his face.

He couldn't remember where he had seen this place before, but it gave him 
peace of mind, and
comfort of body.  Nowhere else in all the world did he want to be than in 
this place right now.

"Tennn-chi."

The familiar, feminine voice carried gently on the back of the fragrant 
breeze. He sat up, for he
felt a stirring deep inside him at the sound of the voice, yet he couldn't 
place who the voice belonged to.

"You don't remember, do you?"

Startled, he stood and turned. Before him stood a woman about as tall as he 
was, with long, black
hair that hung down to the middle of her back and light red eyes. She wore 
only a simple robe of the purest
white color, yet the very sight of her made his heart leap.

"Who are you?"

"A.guide, we shall say." the woman told him, smiling slightly. "Come, I have 
something to
show you.."

Taking his arm, the woman led him across the vast field of flowers. He felt 
that he should know
her, that he should know where he was, yet the supposed memories swirled 
away like smoke in the wind.

"Where are we going?" he asked, for his curiosity was becoming great. They 
had walked for a
great while, and nothing that hinted at a destination was in sight.

"A special place. One that is important for you to see.." The woman told 
him, not breaking stride
or turning to face him.

He walked on in silence, stealing glances at the woman every few minutes. 
She was so familiar,
hauntingly so, yet he dared not ask who she was, for something in his mind 
told him that he should wait
and see whatever it was this woman was to show him.

He did not have to wait much longer. Cresting a hill of deep pink flowers, 
he saw what obviously
must have been their destination. It was nestled in a large, circular 
depression formed by several gently
rolling hills, but oddly enough, there were no flowers anywhere within the 
depression.

However, that was not the most striking feature of the scene. At the very 
bottom of the grassy pit,
a single column of black rock rose several meters into the air, dimly 
reflecting the warm sunlight from it's
polished surface.

"Is that.."

"That is your destination." The woman told him, turning to face him. "Now, 
go. You must go the
rest of the way on your own.."

He nodded in acknowledgment, even though he did not wish to leave her side. 
Looking into her
eyes for what he felt would be the last time, he turned away and began to 
walk towards the dark stone.
Every step seemed like a mile, the stone a foreboding figure in the 
otherwise beautiful landscape, but he
felt that what he was doing was necessary.

The spire was larger than it appeared from the hilltop. The black stone was 
easily twenty or so feet
in height, and made of the purest black rock. Not a chip or crack marred 
it's glass-smooth surface, and no
shadow was cast from it's unadorned sides. Just the warm, soothing feeling 
of power and antiquity radiated
from it's enshrouded core, beckoning him to come closer, to feel the power 
for his own.

He turned to face the woman one last time before proceeding. But she no 
longer stood atop the
flower crowned hilltop. She was gone, only the wind and the gentle swaying 
of flowers remaining.

Nothing to stop hold him back now, he turned to face the column again. The 
black surface called
more urgently to him now, screaming silently for his touch. He closed his 
eyes, reached out with his right
hand, and obeyed.

It was like the bursting of a dam. The memories and thoughts flooded into 
his mind in an awesome
and unchecked tumult. He suddenly remembered, suddenly knew everything. He 
was Tenchi Masaki, a boy
who lived in Japan, on earth. He remembered the fields from a picnic that he 
had gone on with his mother
in his boyhood. His mother...

The identity of the woman hit him with the force of a falling boulder. She 
was his mother, dead for
many years now, yet she had strode next to him.spoken to him, not more than 
five minutes ago. The
memories of his mother flashed past him, being replaced with other scenes 
from his life. He saw the shrine,
the cave, and he saw his life as it ran alongside the ancient rock.

Then came the memories of how he had met the girls. He watched through a 
dreamy mist the
chase through his school, the fall through the atmosphere, and the beast at 
the onsen. Souja loomed large in
his mind, and the fires of combat stung his brain. Gasping for lack of 
breath, he withdrew his hand from the
black spire.

His breathing and his heart raced alarmingly for several seconds, the sudden 
reacquisition of his
past a jolting experience. But as his breathing and heart rate slowed to 
more comfortable levels, Tenchi
became aware of a change in the landscape. The flowers no longer bloomed on 
the hills, the sky was no
longer blue, the wind no longer gentle. Everything was dead and decaying, 
the wind howling it's lament.

"You will be leaving now, won't you, Lord Tenchi?" the voice he had heard 
earlier asked him.

Startled, he looked around. No living being was in sight. Yet the voice that 
had asked the question
was immediately familiar to him, the fond, and not so find, memories of it's 
owner springing to his mind.

"Ayeka. is that you?" he asked, the thought of meeting her here sending 
waves of dread through
him. He had no weapon with which to protect himself from her horrid metal 
claws.

Yet no metal monstrosity made itself seen. Instead, the lovely young woman 
stepped from behind
the pillar of glass-like stone, clad in a shimmering silver robe. Not a 
single piece of Phyrexian artifice
disrupted her fair features.

"Tenchi.." She said softly, her eyes meeting his. Looking into them, he 
could see the sad
emptiness of one who has seen too much, seen things not meant to be seen.

"Ayeka. I thought I would never see you again."

"And feared likewise, Lord Tenchi.." She said, walking slowly towards him. 
The distance
between them was not great, and within a few strides, she was only a foot in 
front of him. However, instead
of stopping, she held her arms out and hugged Tenchi, drawing the two of 
them into a tight embrace.

Tenchi was taken off guard by the unexpected action of the Jurian princess 
and just stood there for
several seconds as she held him, the slight trembling of sobs starting to 
run through her body. Pity
overcoming his slight unease, he returned her embrace in an effort to 
comfort her.  Despite the gesture,
Ayeka began to cry almost uncontrollably.

"Oh, Tenchi!" she wailed between sobs. "What have I done? I'm so sorry!"

Again, he was in unfamiliar territory. All he could do was hold her and let 
herself cry. She needed
it, he thought, given all that she had gone through. But her crying touched 
him deeply, and as he held the
sobbing princess to him, he made a very solemn vow to himself, one that told 
him to make the beasts pay
for what they had done.

Presently, Ayeka began to regain control of herself. The sobs became more 
infrequent, and she
started to reacquire the great self-control that he had known her for. 
Wiping her eyes with the end of her
sleeve, she raised her head and looked at him, tears still wavering at the 
corners of her eyes.

"Oh, Lord Tenchi. I've done.terrible things, and I know I cannot be forgiven 
for them."

"Now, Miss Ayeka, I don't..."

"No. Please hear me out, Lord Tenchi."

Immediately, the excuse meant to throw blame from her to some other agency 
died on his lips.
Very rarely did Ayeka speak with such an air of finality, and he felt that 
he had better listen.

"What I have done cannot be forgiven, but I feel that I must try to help you 
in some way to avenge
those of us who have fallen.."

	Reaching up to her forehead, Ayeka pulled off the elegant headpiece that 
gave her control of her
royal space tree. It seemed to glow slightly, a pale white glow shedding 
from its beige surface.

	"You must go back, Lord Tenchi. Go back and stop those fiends. I have seen 
what they are
planning, when my mind was part of theirs." She paled slightly as the memory 
came back to her. "They
want to enslave our universe and make it in Phyrexia's image. Please, Lord 
Tenchi, prevent them from
doing this.."

	For a few seconds, she seemed to be on the verge of another wave of sadness 
and horror, but this
time she brought herself up short. Taking a deep breath, she continued.

"I know what you are facing, Lord Tenchi, and I regret that I will not be at 
your side to see you
defeat it, but please take this, so that I may rest in the knowledge that I 
helped to stop that plague from
spreading."

	Gently, with both hands, she turned the glowing headpiece over and around, 
giving it one last look
over before she continued. The glow seemed to spread to her hands as she set 
the item on Tenchi's brow,
and Tenchi felt a sense of coolness spread through him as it settled.

	Yet what Ayeka had said, about not coming back, had disturbed him to the 
point that he didn't
notice. The revelation was more than he needed right then.

	"What do you mean you're not coming back?" he asked incredulously.

	"Though it pains me to say and accept this, Death has claimed me for his 
own, Lord Tenchi. My
presence here is only temporary, and once you return, I will exist no more. 
Now hush. I must finish the
transfer.."

	"Why can't you come back? I will be, it seems, so why can't you?" he 
couldn't believe what he
was hearing.

	"I could give you a great many reasons, Lord Tenchi, but I am not here to 
tell you them. My time
is limited, and I'm sure it will be made clear to you soon."

	The headpiece seemed to pulse with a life of it's own, and Tenchi could 
feel a change coming over
it. The beige device felt like it was flowing onto the subtle curved of his 
brow, and it's spirit seemed to melt
in with his own, bonding itself with him as completely as it had once done 
with Ayeka.

	The glowing ceased, and Ayeka smiled at her handiwork. The headpiece had 
reshaped itself to fit
Tenchi, and was now in a slightly different design, a rougher, more 
masculine one. The elegant headpiece
was now officially Tenchi's and with it, the space tree Ryu-oh.

	"It is done, Lord Tenchi. Use it well."

	"I promise you, Miss Ayeka, I pro."

	She knew that he would, deep down she knew, and she didn't need to hear him 
say so. But she
despaired in knowing that this was the last time she would see him, and felt 
that it was time to show him
that she trusted him, with no shadows of doubt to cloud her mind. Pulling 
his head to hers, she kissed him
deeply, all the love she had known for him going into it.

	Once again, Ayeka had caught him off guard. But this time, he didn't feel 
as uneasy as before.
This was the last time he would see her, he thought, and it was only fair to 
give her this much, at least.
With the love he knew for her, he responded to her kiss with his own, and 
for what seemed like an eternity,
they remained thusly locked.

	Ayeka, the one who had initiated the kiss, was also the one to break it. 
Despite the fact it was her
first and only one with Tenchi, she knew that he had a job to do, and as 
hard as it was, she had to let him do
it.

	"I detain you from your duty, Lord Tenchi." She said, backing up a step. 
"Go now, and avenge
Washu and Mihoshi. Break the seal that holds you here, and save Ryoko from 
their fate."

	Though he longed to bring her back with him, or at least to stay for a 
little while longer, he knew
what had to be done. Turning away from her, he walked towards the black 
spire. It no longer seemed to
possess the energy that once flowed through it's dark surface, and not a bit 
of light shone from it's glassy
surface. It too, was a dead object, like the remains of flowers that covered 
the barren fields.

	Ryoko needed him, and the thought of his beloved in the clutches of the 
Phyrexians sent the
boiling heat of anger through him. Nothing would stand in his way of Ryoko. 
Not the spire, not Phyrexia,
not even the might of every god in all of the multiverse. His fist became 
enshrouded in a fierce white fire,
one that held all the power of his emotion. Holding his hand flat, he 
focused more on the flames, the anger.

	The wild, untamed blaze collapsed, forming a sphere of perfect whiteness 
inches above his hand.
The ball of light lit up the pit, and even shone on the undersides of the 
distant clouds.

	"Be brave, Lord Tenchi!" Ayeka called to him, sadness creeping into her 
voice. " Have a long,
happy life with Ryoko. I wish you both well!"

	He held his palm parallel to his chest, and pointed it at the now dead 
spire. He had seen Ryoko do
things like this before, and now that he was actually doing it, the process 
seemed natural to him, almost like
he had done it all his life.

	"And please, watch over Sasami for me!"

	The ball elongated into a single shaft of power, slamming into the stone. 
Rock shattered and
melted, and with it, so did the wasteland, and all that was within it.


SPLASH!

He awoke with a start as a cold, wet fluid was thrown in his face. 
Sputtering and blinking, he sat
up, brushing the icy liquid from his face. As he did, his body protested 
painfully, the injuries of combat
screaming their presence to his strained nerves.

"Sorry about that Tenchi." A small voice told him. He still couldn't see 
anything, since there was
still some of the icy fluid, which he took to be water, in his eyes. He 
didn't dare rub his eyes, though, since
he remembered the armored gauntlets that sheathed his hands. No need to claw 
his eyes out, he thought.

"Can I have a towel or something?" he asked uncertainly. "I can't see 
anything."

"Right. Just a moment."

He waited for about half a minute, still blinking, and then someone began to 
wipe the water away
from his face with a soft material. When it was gone, he opened his eyes, 
and saw Sasami kneeling next to
him, holding a small, damp handkerchief.

"Sasami!" he said in surprise. "Am I glad to see you."

She smiled sweetly. "Thanks. Are you all right?"

He groaned as his injuries dug needles of pain into him. "I hurt all over, 
but I think so."

"Good. Ryoko's been worried sick." She said, standing up. "Think you can 
walk?"

Slowly, he pulled himself into a standing position. His muscles screamed 
silently at him, but he
figured that Tsunami's summons were more important than how he felt at that 
moment. As he stood up, he
felt a strange grinding sensation at his joints and there were a few sharp 
clattering noises.

Looking down, he saw why. His now-grey armor was shattered, a mass of metal 
shards held on
by what remained of the straps. The grinding sensation was the broken pieces 
of his armor's joints gouging
into each other, and as he flexed his right arm, several shards fell off, 
clattering to the floor.

"Huh.I guess I'll need to see someone about this." he said to himself. "Not 
much good it does
me all broken up like that."

There was a tugging at his left arm.

"Come on Tenchi."

"Oh, right."

Sasami led him through the dim twilight that they were in, stepping 
carefully over small streams
of water and large cracks in the floor.

Ahead of them, slowly becoming definite as they drew nearer, several small 
trees rose from a
glassy pool, glowing in an eerie white light. In front of the pool stood two 
women, idly conversing. One
was dressed in regal attire with long, blue hair, and one with cyan hair 
that hung about her shoulders,
unhurriedly dripping water onto her disintegrating grey armor. At the sound 
of their footsteps, they both
turned slightly to face them.

"Tenchi!"

He was knocked over by Ryoko's flying hug, the wind explosively forced out 
of him by his
sudden impact on the deck. More bits of armor fell off with muted tinkling 
noises and his body still hurt,
but somehow, it didn't matter to him just then.

"It's good to see you again too, Ryoko." he said, hugging her back, their 
busted armor grating
noisily.

"Ahem." Tsunami coughed rather pointedly about then.

"Not now, Tsunami, I'm busy." Ryoko said irritably. "Oh,  Tenchi. I was so 
worried about
you."

"Ryoko, please. I need to speak with him." Tsunami said. "It's very 
important."

"Can't it wait a minute?"

"I'm afraid not."

"Spoilsport.." Ryoko grumbled, pulling herself and Tenchi to their feet. 
More pieces fell off,
clattering loudly in the silence of Tsunami's bridge.

Suddenly, there was a terrible howling noise and the whole deck shook as if 
seized by an
earthquake. The sickening sound of straining wood and the explosive pops of 
separating grains thundered
mutedly through the floor and the glassy pool became turbulent.

"What was that?" Tenchi asked, struggling to stay on his feet as the violent 
motions died down.

"That." Tsunami said darkly, waving her arm to an empty patch of air. In the 
space she
indicated, a viewing monitor sprang into existence. The sight of what was on 
the monitor made Tenchi's
blood run cold in his veins.

The great mass of darkness boiled malignantly in nearly all of the Phyrexian 
sky that was in veiw.
It's topmost reaches flowed greasily through the maze of pipes of the 
ceiling/sky and it's misty bulk
billowed like smoke over the dark planes. Thankfully, as fast as it seemed 
to move, it didn't seem to get
closer.

As he watched, a black mass swung towards his view, and he instinctively 
looked away, not
wishing to see it or any of it's effects. The view darkened and for several 
seconds, the terrible wailing could
be faintly heard through the hull, somewhere to the left. The hull shook 
slightly, but it soon died away, as
did the wailing, and the dark appendage on the viewer.

"We must find a way to leave this place, Lord Tenchi." Tsunami said, pulling 
Sasasmi, who had
come over to stand by her, close to her. "That.thing. is a manifestation of 
the god of this realm, and my
mind is cold in fear at the thought of what designs he may have in store for 
us."

Fear gnawed at his insides as Tenchi grimly remembered what had happened to 
Ayeka. They had
to get out of here, out of Phyrexia. Somehow..

The darkness lashed out again, the howling growing louder.


