No Need For A Runaway Space-Pirate

Ryoko ran through the darkness, tears filling up from her eyes like 
rain forming in a puddle. Her heart was pounding like a drum and she 
knew she couldn't run forever. She slowed to a stumbling walk and let 
her tears fall. Nothing could have prepared her for the day she had 
just endured, and that was why she was in a forest at midnight. She 
slumped down on a fallen log, her head in her hands. She was buried 
so much in her grief she didn't notice the boy approaching her.
"Ryoko?" Tenchi said, sitting beside her. Ryoko looked up, seeing his 
deep brown eyes full of worry staring at her.
"Tenchi.how could you!?" suddenly Ryoko was angry, her tear stained 
face taking on an expression of hatred.
"What do you mean how could I, how could I what?" Tenchi stood up and 
faced Ryoko "You don't rule my life, Ryoko. I have a right to do what 
I want to do,"
"Oh really. After all I've done for you and how do you repay me. I'd 
have given my life for you Tenchi, and you the same, or so I thought. 
You're nothing but a lying, stuck up little prince and I hate you!" 
Ryoko cried, wanting only to be away. She turned to run from him once 
again but he caught her arm
"You have no right to say that, just because you didn't win! Ryoko 
snap out of this and come home!" 
"Never! Not after what you did to me!" Ryoko screamed, pulling away 
from his grip "Ayeka's nothing but a little slut and you know it!"
"Don't say that!" Tenchi yelled, and with a cry of fury he swung his 
arm back and hit her, hard on the cheek. Ryoko staggered back, 
staring at Tenchi as if he has just killed her. Her hand was on her 
face and she shut her eyes, letting tears slid from them. She turned 
away from Tenchi and dissolved into the shadows, leaving Tenchi 
alone, staring astounded at his hand.

Ryoko was standing at the ball shaped controls of Ryoohki. Her mind 
was in a whirl, her face still stinging from the slap and her heart 
still full of pain and hatred. She ordered Ryoohki to go at full 
speed, and as she left Earth she didn't look back. Things would be 
easier for her without Tenchi to worry about, yes she would be fine, 
back to taking risks and being space pirate Ryoko. It would be fun. 
The vast emptiness of space spread out before her and she smiled a 
wicked smile. Yes, fun. Let Ayeka have him, she didn't want to be 
tied up by love any more, she steered Ryoohki into the first worm 
hole she found and waited to see where she would end up.

"Get the hell off me Treize!" Duo Maxwell struggled to free himself 
from Treize Kushrenada's grip "I said get off a me!" 
"Sorry Shinigami but I have no way of making sure you won't escape 
unless I keep hold of you, and I know from past experience that hand 
cuffs are about as useful air when used with you," 
"I'll take that as a compliment," Duo murmured, knowing there was no 
way out of this mess, he would just have to go with it. 
"Come on then, I have a nice cell waiting for you, we'll decide your 
sentence tomorrow," Treize smiled evilly and steered Duo towards the 
waiting van. It was that moment that Ryoohki emerged from the worm 
hole and landed on top of the van. 

Ryoko stared at her surroundings, she new she hadn't been here 
before, but it looked a lot like Earth. She scanned for life and 
found only two people standing awed at her ship. One had the other in 
a firm grip around the waist, he was tall and about eighteen years 
old, his light brown hair flicked into a short fringe. The other was 
around fifteen with long brown hair in a braid. His spiky fringe was 
half covering his eyes but from what she could see they were a 
strange shade of blue-violet. This boy was struggling and kicking the 
other man, his face screwed up in anger.

 Ryoko stepped out of Ryoohki and into the gloom of early evening.
"Hello?" the older man said, not letting go of the writhing boy
"You are?" Ryoko asked, voicing the mans un-worded question   
"I am Treize Kushrenada, this is Duo Maxwell. May I be so bold as to 
ask your name?"
"No you may not," Ryoko answered, moving closer to peer at Duo. He 
wriggled away from her, an expression of wonderment flashing across 
his face. Treize jerked his arms up his back and he cried out in 
pain. Treize's movement forced him to face Ryoko, who smiled at him 
with interest. 
"Well Mr Maxwell, you are an interesting person. What do you do for a 
living then?"
"I.aah!" he cried out again as Treize slid a pair of handcuffs round 
his wrists and jerked his arms further up his back. Ryoko instantly 
new who's side she was on. She bent low to Duo's level, for he was no 
on his knees where Treize had pushed him. She whispered in his ear:
"You stay still and keep low, as soon as he lets go knock him out in 
some way!" 
Duo nodded slightly and bowed his head, crouching as close to the 
ground as was possible in his position. Ryoko smiled sweetly and 
created an energy blast in her hands, the last thing Treize saw 
before crashing to the ground was a red light coming closer to him. 
Duo kicked him hard in the head as promised and smiled satisfied as 
he blacked out. 
"Need help with those?" Ryoko asked, coming towards him, sword ready 
to cut his hand cuffs.
"Nah, I'm ok," Duo grinned lithely and reached into his hair, pulling 
out what looked like a computer chip. He clicked it into the cuffs 
and they broke free. "Now, who are you and why did you just appear 
out of nowhere"

Ryoko sat down on the log that had been pulled aside to act as a seat 
for now. The small fire was burning bravely against the slicing wind. 
Duo was on leaning his back against the log, his head tipped back and 
his eyes closed. Ryoko smiled a small tight smile as he pulled 
himself up beside her and grinned:
"So, as I was saying, who are you?" He asked it innocently enough, 
but the mischievous glint in his eyes made her wary. "How do I know I 
can trust you?" she asked
"You don't, but I trust you, so why not?" Duo smiled, the mischief 
gone, he looked into her eyes and giggled as she blushed. 
"Stop it! Why are you laughing at me?!" Ryoko cried, angry with 
herself for being so easily embarrassed. Duo just shook his head and 
murmured:
"Nothing," 
"If I tell you will you promise not to tell anyone?" Ryoko asked, 
turning his head to hers again with her hand on his cheek. He drew in 
his breath sharply, blushing himself.
"I won't tell, I know what it is to have to be secret all the time. I 
won't tell if you don't want me to," Duo promised, a sad look 
descending over his sparkling eyes. Ryoko began her story, slowly at 
first, but gaining confidence. 

"My name's Ryoko Masaki. I'm a space pirate, wanted throughout the 
galaxy. I'm on the run from a princess called Ayeka, she rules over 
planet Jurai. I.used to live in Japan with a boy called Tenchi 
Masaki, he was a wonderful person. I loved him but so did Ayeka. We 
all lived in the same house: me, Tenchi, Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, 
Kiyone and Washu. We were all happy until Ayeka suddenly decided that 
she wanted to go back to Jurai, with me as a prisoner. Tenchi and I 
had just had an argument, I don't quite recall what about, but he was 
angry. I wanted him to help me, defend me from Ayeka and her 
bodyguards. But he was angry, he told Ayeka where I was, said he 
loved her not me. So I ran away. I went through a worm hole in space 
and landed here,"
"Masaki?" Duo wondered
"Yes that was his name,"
"But it's yours as well, were you married or something?"
"No, I took that name because I had no other," Ryoko explained, "I'll 
have to change it now I guess." She trailed off, not knowing what to 
change it to. She sighed and looked up at the stars. She didn't know 
how long she sat there like that, because when she came back down to 
Earth there was a weight on her shoulder. She looked round to see 
Duo, breathing gently, leaning on her shoulder fast asleep. She 
smiled down at him, and slipped herself into sleep.

Ryoko woke first, the glade they had slept in looked different by 
daylight. Very sheltered in, no-one could see them from above or if 
they were walking by, Duo had chosen it well. She changed into her 
red and black battle costume. The sun was high in the sky by the time 
Duo woke, and when he did the glade was empty. 
"Ryoko?" he called, nothing answered. "Dammit, she's gone!" Duo 
cursed, sidestepping the log and running into the thinning forest. 
Ryoko smiled sadly from her ship
"Sorry, Duo, but this is what I have to do," Ryoko lifted Ryoohki 
into the sky and began to fly off when Ryoohki stopped. Ryoko looked 
puzzled
"What are you doing?" She shouted "Move!"
Ryoohki did nothing. Duo dived from the top branches of a tree onto 
on of the long spikes of Ryoohki. Ryoko gasped, "How did he get up 
here?" she wondered to herself, opening the hatch for Duo to get in.
"What you doing running away like that?" Duo asked, mock anger in his 
voice. 
"I can't stay here, what if he comes looking for me?" Ryoko asked, 
desperation in her voice
"Who? Masaki? You really think he would?" Duo asked, sadly. Ryoko 
stared at him, trying to see what point he was making, then slowly it 
dawned on her. he didn't think Tenchi would bother to come for her, 
he thought that now she was gone he could stay happily with Ayeka. 
But then he didn't know Tenchi, guilty conscious.
"He will come, he'll feel bad for me, not that that will change 
anything. Even if he does find me, which he won't, I won't go back 
with him!" she cried defiantly 
"No, I wouldn't either, not unless he offered to pay me," Duo grinned 
and stood beside her "How does this thing work?"

Heero smiled grimly
"Mission complete," he murmured into the night, into the wreckage of 
what had once been a military camp, into what was now a pile of 
boulders and burning wood. Heero turned into the shadows and 
disappeared.

"Miss Washu, you think you'll find her?" Tenchi asked, standing 
beside Washu's computer
"I can't detect her anywhere in this galaxy, but there is a 
probability that she isn't in it at all!"
"What do you mean?" Tenchi leaned over, looking worried.
"I mean she could be in a different galaxy. Ryoohki has the ability 
to travel between dimensions via worm holes (Passages through time 
and worlds) in space, although most other ships would be torn to 
pieces. It is possible that Ryoko took one of these passages. She was 
pretty sore about yesterday," Washu explained, looking accusingly at 
Tenchi, who squirmed uncomfortably.
"Can you find her if she has?" Tenchi questioned after a pause
"The only way is to go through to that dimension. I could probably 
detect which world she has gone to, but where in that world is 
impossible to find out. I can construct a machine to transport you 
and someone else to that dimension, but from there on you're on your 
own!"

The light was blinding, Heero raised his hands to shield his face and 
staggered backwards as the force from nowhere pushed at him. He 
staggered, falling onto his back, all the breath getting knocked out 
of him. He gasped, drawing his gun automatically. Then suddenly it 
all stopped, and a boy of about seventeen was blinking in the 
sunlight. Heero stared for a moment, then jumped to his feet.
"Who are you?" He asked, suspicion rising in his face, the gun level 
with the boy's head.
"Aarg! I'm not anyone! I mean I am someone it's just I'm not any 
harm! I mean." he trailed off as Heero stepped forwards.
"Just tell me your name," he growled
"Tenchi Masaki!" Tenchi cried hurriedly
"Where are you from?"   
"Japan." he was cut off by an angry cry from behind the two. Heero 
swung round, aiming his gun at Trowa who was running towards him, 
dragging Quatre behind him. 
"What are you doing!?" Quatre screamed
"Getting us outa here," Trowa said, voice as always level and calm
"What the." Heero began, then he saw the soldiers coming up from 
behind the bombed out building
".!!!" Tenchi started as he saw them to. He felt Quatre grab his arm. 
Explanations would come later, he thought, now just run.

Ryoko sat back and watched Duo. He had his tongue poking out of his 
mouth slightly as he concentrated on powering Ryoohki. 
"This is hard!" he complained, leaning slightly to one side as 
Ryoohki turned
"You're doing okay," Ryoko complimented, in fact that wasn't true. 
Duo was doing brilliantly for a first timer, normally it took at 
least six months training to learn to control something like Ryoohki.
"Yeah, but I prefer Deathscythe," He said it without thinking, but 
Ryoko pricked up her ears
"What?" she asked, trying to sound casual
"What?" Duo returned with a question, putting her off calmly as if he 
was used to it
"What did you just say?"
"I said it was hard," Duo answered, grinning. He was enjoying her 
frustration and that made her angry. She looked away sulkily, but 
that was just what Duo wanted. He turned his attention back to 
Ryoohki and soon Ryoko had forgotten all about it.

Heero, Quatre, Trowa and Tenchi came to a stop when they found the 
building Heero had been heading for, Relina's home. Tenchi was 
panting but the others looked fine, as if they could run for days 
without tiring. Tenchi turned to Quatre
"Could you please explain where I am, who you are and why those 
people were chasing you?"
"This could take a while," Quatre said "You'd better come in."   

Disclaimer: I do NOT own any characters in Tenchi or Gundam Wing! All 
the characters in this story are not mine!

Author's notes:
I know it's kinda short, but I can't write that much at a time, sorry 
and all that. hope you like it anyway! Email me with your comments 
please, so I can improve the next parts! This is my first fanfic to 
go easy ok? ^_^;

Sakura Maxwell
