
Disclaimer: These characters are not mine. And, let's be frank, if you don't 
know that, why are you reading this? They belong to various talented people 
who are not me. I am perverting them for my own use. Any attempt at suing 
will be a profound waste of time.

AN: Big thanks to Thermopyle, who helped me iron out the grammatical errors 
in the first draft! Even I find it a lot more readable now!!! Thanks!!!

************************************


		   No need for a New Start
			    Prologue
Ranma Saotome walked slowly along the forest path, hands
tightening on the straps of the pack he wore. He paused a moment,
adjusting the pack and stared up into the canopy of trees. Jeez, he
thought irritably, This trail goes on forever. I wonder where my
`Grandpa's' shrine IS? He resumed steadily hiking toward his first
meeting with his grandfather, more than a little uneasily. His mother
hadn't seen her father in many years, and Ranma wasn't sure how he
would react to seeing a heretofore unknown grandson show up on his
doorstep. His mother had implied that there had been a feud of some
sort, but she hadn't gone into much detail. In fact, he hadn't even
known about his grandfather until the worst day of his life, about a
week ago.


Ranma snuck into his mother's home by way of the window to the
room she had set aside for him. His hands shook as he pulled himself
over the sill, so much so that he fell into the house in a very
undignified manner. The shock of the confrontation he had just had was
beginning to wear off, Ranma felt tears begin to sting his eyes. His
thoughts were torn away from his morose pondering as the door to his
room opened suddenly.
"Ranma?" called Nodoka Saotome, matriarch of the Saotome
household.
"Urk! Mom!" He hastily backed up against the wall as his mother
walked in. Nodoka's eyes went wide as her gaze fell on her somewhat
disheveled son.
"Oh, Dear. Are you all right, son?" Ranma winced as he shook his
head. He watched his mother, wide-eyed, as she approached. He'd never
admit it, of course, but the time he'd spent hiding from his mother as
`Ranko Tendo' had instilled a deep rooted fear of her and her family
katana. Nodoka noticed this, a stab of pain making itself felt in her
heart. Shaking it off, she extended her hand to her son.
"Ranma, even a man needs to have someone to talk to. Please, let
me help." She implored. He looked down at his hands, still shaking with
rage and horror at what he had done.
"Momma, I've done something pretty bad. I-I don't think you'll be
able to forgive me for this," he said shakily. Nodoka frowned worriedly
in the dim light. He was trying to hold it in, but she could hear the
guilt and unshed tears in his voice. She slowly walked over to him and
placed a hand on his arm, gently.
"Why don't you let me be the judge of that, son? Please, tell me
what's wrong,"
"I dunno where ta start," he confessed, seemingly steeling
himself for an ordeal. Nodoka drew him into an embrace, smiling
encouragingly.
"How about the beginning?" she suggested faintly. Ranma paused,
weighing where to begin.
"Awright. I wandered into Doc Tofu's office, and I was feelin'
pretty bad. I'd been havin' a bad day, even worse than usual. To start
with, I had a big fight with Akane, and she was even madder than usual.
But just before she could clobber me, Nabiki saved my ass." Nodoka
winced slightly at the crudity, but gestured for him to continue.
"She.saved you?"
"Yeah. Ever since Pops an' Mister Tendo tried to get us married
about.a year ago? Nabiki's been getting nicer while Akane gets meaner.
Lots of times she covers for me so I can get outta the house for a
little peace," Ranma explained, relaxing ever so slightly. "Anyway,
Nabiki saved me and turned me loose for a little while, but instead of
peace today I'd managed to run into Ryoga, Mousse, and Kuno. It musta
been two for one day, `cause I fought all of `em one on one, then they
all ganged up on me, in a big fight. It was pretty brutal, even though
I beat `em all," Nodoka smiled a little as he added this, casually, not
a boast, just a simple statement of fact.
"Anyway," he continued, "I wandered into Doc Tofu's office, and
he was tidyin' up some cuts I got from Ryoga's bandanna, when Kasumi
runs in, and scares the hell outta both of us. I was pretty stressed
out already, on account of fightin' with almost everyone I saw for
about two days straight, and Doc Tofu's still a little skittish when
Kasumi comes `round. Anyway, even if we were both at our best, we still
woulda freaked. I ain't never seen Kasumi like that before, an' I never
wanna again. Her hair was all mussed up, an' she was cryin'. After a
few minutes, the Doc an I managed to get out of her that she and Nabiki
were headed to market when Shampoo an' Ukyo jumped `em. She saw them
hitting Nabiki, and she heard someone say something about how Nabiki
was finally gonna learn to mind her own business an' leave me an' my
fianc‚e's alone," he trailed off, staring at his hands which had begun
to shake again as he remembered. Nodoka was listening calmly, then she
began to put the clues together, and with a growing sense of dread,
nodded at him to continue.
"Ranma, it's all right. Please, tell me what happened,"
"I-I was already feeling pretty upset, but when I heard that they
attacked Nabiki, It was like something happened in my brain. It was
like watching myself from outside my body," he admitted. "I just bolted
from the Doc's office as fast as I could, even though Doc Tofu tried to
stop me. I was scared to death, but mad as hell, too. Nabiki's done
lots of stuff to me, but she always has a good reason, and a plan, y'
know? I dunno if ya know or not, but before Mister Tendo started taking
students again, then only thing keepin' the Tendos off the streets was
Nabiki's little games ta get money. Even with me an' the bottomless
panda livin' there, she still managed ta keep the dojo in the black."
Ranma sounded grimly amused. Nodoka gaped at the revelation. She'd
known about the pictures of her son's cursed form that were sold by the
middle Tendo daughter at Ranma's school, and she hadn't been pleased.
But, she'd reasoned, as Ranma knew and hadn't put a stop to it, there
was really no reason to intervene. However, her estimation of Soun
Tendo dropped several degrees. It was extremely unmanly to allow the
work of providing for the family to fall to his daughters. She shook
off her thoughts as Ranma went on.
"Anyway, I started roof hopping all over the place, trying to
find out where they were. I finally tracked `em to a vacant lot where
me an' Ryoga fight all the time. I landed on the fence just in time t'
see Shampoo belt Nabiki in the jaw, real hard. She went down like a ton
a bricks." Nodoka could hear the raw anger in her son's voice. Not for
the first time, she marveled at how gentle and kind hearted he was. The
thought of abusing his skills was abhorrent to him, as was the thought
that anyone else might. "It was awful, Momma. I know people who don't
train in the art aren't as tough as the people I hang around, but
Nabiki.I could already see some bruises, and I figured maybe she had a
concussion, but I could tell Shampoo pulled `er punch. I saw Ukyo lift
her spatula like she was gonna use it, an' it scared me silly. It was
my fault they were hurting her, an' I started moving before I could
think. I used a cold blast to freeze the metal part of Ukyo's weapon
while I was running, and I jumped in front of Nabiki and punched her
spatula, hard. It was weird, really. It just completely shattered, into
a sort of dust. I guess I was trying so hard to control myself that I
added more cold than I meant to," Ranma's voice became unsteady at that
point, and on impulse, Nodoka gently wrapped her arms around him. Ranma
barely noticed.
"Ukyo was kind of surprised at first, I think," he continued, in
a detached tone, "She stared at me and the pieces for a minute before
she yelled at me. I was all stressed out, so I started yelling back. I
told them that I mighta forgiven them for the problems they caused at
the wedding, but there was no honor in hurting someone weaker than they
were, and I'd never forgive them for what they did. Then I told them I
never wanted to see them again. They argued for a bit, sayin' stuff
about Nabiki that was all wrong, and I got madder. My nerves were kinda
revved up by then, and when Shampoo tried ta glomp me to get me to
change my mind, I thought she was attacking, and I, and I." Nodoka
tightened her embrace.
"You hit her," she stated calmly. The idea of a man hitting a
woman was horrible, she had to admit, but the kind of day Ranma
described, and the provocation he had been given by those two
girls.well, she wasn't going to quibble about this one. They were
martial artists, after all.
"Yeah," Ranma acknowledged dully. "And that was when things went
to hell in a handbasket," Nodoka nodded, expecting this, knowing it
would take a lot more than what her son had already told her to get him
this upset.
"Shampoo was PISSED," he continued. "She jumped up from where she
fell and screamed something about men knowing their place. She pulled
out her bon bori and started swinging. The fight took about a minute. I
tried to use pressure points, but she'd learned the bakusai tenketsu,
so her skin was almost as tough as Ryoga's, so I had ta take her out.
Hard," Nodoka's face was a grim mask.
"And Ukyo-san?" she prompted softly. Ranma's look turned pained.
"After Shampoo.fell," Ranma choked, "I turned to her, wondering
if she was gonna give me any trouble, and the look in her eyes.," Ranma
trailed off as his valiant battle against the misery ended. Tears began
tracking their way down his cheeks.
"She was scared of me, Momma. She backed away from me. I didn't
even think about it then, I mean, I needed to get Nabiki to Doc Tofu's
fast."
	"It bothers you, doesn't it?" Nodoka asked suddenly. Ranma nodded
tearfully.
That seemed to be all the encouragement Ranma needed. As his
mother tended to his cuts, He began pouring out his heart to her,
telling her all about his daily life, how miserable he had been since
the wedding attempt. Nodoka nodded throughout his story not
interrupting, save for soft encouraging noises. When he was finished,
Nodoka gave her son a look of horrified sympathy. She hadn't visited
the Tendo's in awhile, but the kind of things Ranma described off-
handedly as part of his day to day life recently were things that no
one should have to go through. She knew that her son was something of a
trouble magnet, but to be alone against all those people, with his only
support coming from Nabiki.? A cold anger built in her stomach. Why
hadn't Genma done anything about this? When his story finally wound
down, he looked up at her, gratitude in his expression.
"I.ah, thanks, mom," he mumbled quietly. "for listenin' an'
all.and not hating me, for doing that stuff," Nodoka shook her head.
"Hate you? Son, I know they backed you into a corner. While I
can't say I approve of the necessary action, it WAS necessary. You
didn't enjoy it, and that is what you need to focus on, Ranma. All you
did is come to the defense of one weaker than yourself. Ukyo and
Shampoo brought what happened upon themselves. You don't need to thank
me, Ranma," she told him softly. Ranma smiled crookedly.
"Nobody's ever really listened ta my side before," he said
simply. Nodoka looked faintly angry with that.
"They should have,"
"I'm used to it," Ranma said mildly, shrugging.
"You don't have to continue to pretend with me, son," she told
Ranma sadly. I'm well aware that you hide your pain because you fear I
would deem it `unmanly',"
"Ah. well.Isn't it?"
"It isn't unmanly to have feelings, Ranma. What matters is how
one deals with them. And, while you haven't always handled them
properly, I can hardly fault you for your lack of experience now, can
I?" She said, a wry smile touching her lips.
"I guess not," Ranma answered warily. Nodoka turned back to the
matter at hand, well aware that her son was uncomfortable with the
current conversation.
"Have you come to any conclusions?" Ranma looked panicked for a
split second.
"Hah?"
"Relax, son. I'm not going to ask you to do anything you don't
want to, I just want to know what you think about the current
situation," Nodoka assured him, making calming gestures. Ranma stared
at the floor for a moment, gathering his thoughts. After a moment,
encouraged by a warm smile from his mother, he spoke hesitantly.
"Ah. well, I was thinkin' it might be best for everybody
concerned if I left." Nodoka raised an eyebrow at that, and he trailed
off, blushing.
"Aw, I guess it's a dumb idea." Nodoka's other eyebrow shot up to
join the first.
"Why do you say that? Have you thought about all the
consequences?" She asked reasonably.
"Um. yeah, I think I thought about that. I was hoping to go on a
training trip somewhere, but I guess that's running away, ain't it," he
said bleakly. Nodoka nodded, with a faint smile.
"Yes, yes it is,"
"So that's out then," he concluded. Nodoka tilted her head and
gazed quizzically at her son.
"Why?" she asked reasonably. Ranma stared at his mother, eyes
wide.
"Nani?"
"Why is it `out'?" she repeated.
"Um.Heh.Don't you think it's unmanly to run away from your
problems?"
"If I did, your father and I would never have married," Nodoka
said, wryly. Ranma blinked.
"I.I don't get it," he admitted. His mother grinned impishly at
him.
"Three words. Saotome Secret Technique," his mother intoned as
solemnly as his father normally did, then she ruined the impression by
giggling. Ranma stared at her. He imagined he must look rather funny,
with his mouth hanging open like it was. After a moment, he got over
his shock and began to laugh with his mother.
After a few moments, when they had recovered, Ranma grinned
sheepishly. Nodoka looked at him fondly.
"What of your fianc‚es, son?" The sad look returned.
"I want to break the engagements," he said softly. Nodoka was
disappointed, but she understood. No matter what she wanted for her
son, what Ranma needed now was support. The question of the engagements
had plagued him for too long. If it was within her power, she would
lift this burden from her son.
"Have things between you and Akane deteriorated that far?" she
asked, trying to determine the amount of thought that had gone into the
statement her son had just made. Ranma winced.
"Yeah," he admitted. "It wasn't always this bad, but after the
wedding, it started to get a lot worse. She gets mad at every little
thing, even when I decide not to talk so we won't fight, she clobbers
me. I thought I loved her once, but, no matter how I feel, I can't deny
that I make her unhappy. I think it might be best for her and me if
I.leave. Isn't it?" He looked up at his mother questioningly, but she
ignored the question for the moment.
"What about the others?" She asked.
"No one else has a valid claim," he stated flatly, shaking his
head. Nodoka looked at him oddly.
"What about Ukyo-san?" His mother asked curiously, mentally
wincing at the hard look that crossed his features when the okonomiyaki
chef was mentioned.
"I didn't wanna say anything, because I was afraid of hurting
Ucch-Ukyo's feelings, but she ain't got a valid claim," he growled.
Nodoka blinked.
"Why not?"
"She gambled away the dowry long before Pop stole it," Ranma said
angrily. He followed that statement with a short explanation of he and
Ukyo's encounter with the Gambling King when they were children, and
his recent return. Nodoka listened intently, chuckling at the end of
the narrative. She nodded thoughtfully. "And Shampoo and Kodachi are
just here because they don't think what I want matters," he added when
he finished. Nodoka nodded again.
"So what you want is a fresh start," she observed. Ranma looked
at her, shyly.
"Yeah," he murmured nervously. "Unless you don't think it's a
good idea." Nodoka was struck by that statement. With a few words, he
had revealed how much her opinion meant to him. He was willing to
endure a life that he had come to consider intolerable, if she wished
him to. She was more determined than ever to allow him the chance he
needed. The constant pressure could not continue if she wanted to
consider herself a good mother. There was a time to consider honor, she
reflected, and a time where things that were more important must take
precedence, like the happiness of her son.
"I think it is," she said slowly. Ranma's eyes grew wide. It was
evident he hadn't expected his mother to agree, but as a smile slowly
formed on his face, Nodoka was sure she had made the right decision.
"But," she added, "As an alternative for going back on the road, may I
make a suggestion?"
Ranma nodded eagerly.

And that was how he came to be here, headed up to a shrine in the
mountains, to stay with his mother's father, Katsuhito Masaki. He
couldn't help but feel a little nervous. His mother had told him the
reason he hadn't ever seen his grandfather was that he and Genma had
never gotten along, and he had opposed Nodoka's decision to marry him.
Ranma smiled to himself. He liked his grandfather already. He wasn't
sure how his grandfather would feel about the son of Genma, even though
his mother assured him that her father wouldn't hold his father against
him. Ranma wasn't so sure. It seemed like everyone else he'd ever met,
had, but he went anyway. 'Anyway', He mused, 'It should get me away from
the constant fighting for awhile.'  He smiled up at the sun over top of
the forest canopy, reveling in the fact that he got to travel on a
sunny day for once when he heard a rustling in the bush beside him.
Suddenly, a wild looking cyan-haired girl appeared, reeking of sake.
"Who the hell are you!" the girl snarled. Ranma jumped back,
shedding his pack as he went, and landing in a defensive crouch.
"Ranma Sao-," he began, but she interrupted.
"You're trespassing," she cut him off, wobbling slightly. Ranma
blinked.
"No, I'm-," he tried again, but again she interrupted.
"What is it this time?" she snapped. "Is Doctor Clay back? Or is
someone else going to kidnap me this time?!"
"Hah??" Ranma asked, thoroughly bewildered at this point.
"Screw it. I'll kick your ass, then you can crawl back and tell
whoever you're working for that you can't get Ryoko Habuki THAT
easily," she said, summoning an energy ball into her hand. She closed
her fingers around it, and with a snapping noise, the energy ball
morphed into a four foot gleaming shaft of light. She waved it
threateningly at Ranma, and he blinked again.
'How the hell do I get myself INTO these messes???'

***********************************

Next Chapter: Yosho informs the Masaki house hold of Ranma's imminent 
arrival, and Ranma and Ryoko throw down! Please look forward to it!

***********************************

Once Again, Thanks to Thermopyle, for proofreading this about nine times to 
iron out the wrinkles in my sloppy writing. I am in your debt.



