	Our story begins in Japan where a unknown warrior walk among us. 
He doesn't know on where to go, but he travels as long as he has air in 
his lungs. Soon, he was walking on a road which leads to a beautiful 
forest up ahead. He notices a small house of some sort on top of a 
cliff. He figures he can go there and rest from his long traveling. He 
walks through the forest and notices steps leading up. He climbed his 
way to the top of the steps and come across a place that he saw from 
below. While looking at this place, he notices a young boy raking 
leaves on the sidewalk. He didn't want to distrubed him, but he 
continued to look around. As the young boy continued his work, he 
finally saw the individual out of the corner of his eye. 

Tenchi: Excuse me.

Man: Huh? Oh. Sorry for interrupting your work. I was amazed by this 
place that I had to come and look.

Tenchi: This is the Masaki Shrine. My name is Tenchi Masaki. What's 
yours?

	The individual was wearing a hood over his head with a brown 
trenchcoat on. He pulled down his hood to reveal a face with blue eyes 
and long yellow hair.

Man: I'm Dennis Mitchell. But, you can just call me Dennis.

Tenchi: Okay, Dennis. So, what's brings you here?

Dennis:(sighs) To tell you the truth, Tenchi, I had to find a place 
where I could rest for awhile. I've been traveling for so long that I 
forgot when was the last time that I took a break or something.

Tenchi: Well, my grandpa would like an explanation after what I'm about 
to do. 

Dennis: Do what?

Tenchi: I want you to come into my home. I'm sure you would like to 
stay at our house for a couple of days before you continue your 
traveling.

Dennis: That's very nice of you, Tenchi. But, I don't want to put 
anyone else in danger.

Tenchi: In danger?! Of what?!

Dennis: Believe me, if you I told you, you wouldn't understand.

Tenchi: Trust me. I've been in so many situations where I still 
understand them, but I go along with it anyway.

Dennis: Alright, Tenchi. I guess I can stay for awhile.

Tenchi:(smiles) Great. Then, you can meet up with my friends.

	Dennis smiled abit knowing that he found a true friend. Tenchi 
lead Dennis back to his home which is not far from the Masaki Shrine. 

Tenchi: Um, before we enter you have to excuse my friends for acting 
like a couple fools.

Dennis: What do you mean?

Tenchi: You'll see.

	Once Tenchi opened the door, everything was fine.

Dennis: This is a nice home, Tenchi.

Tenchi: Thank you.

Dennis:(sniffs) Whoa! What's that wonderful smell?

Tenchi: Oh, that's Sasami's cooking. She's a genius when it comes to 
cook. Sasami!!!

	Dennis looked forward as the door open and out came a girl with 
long blue ponytails, pink eyes and freckles. She had a aqua blue komono 
on with pink sleeves.

Sasami: Yes, Tenchi?

Tenchi: Sasami, I like you to meet a our guest who will be dropping in 
for awhile. His name is Dennis.

Sasami: Hello there. Nice to meet you.

Dennis: You're a sweet girl, Sasami. You mean to tell me that you are 
cooking food for Tenchi and the rest?

Sasami: Yep. Wait till you try it! You probably want seconds.(giggles) 
Whoops! Speaking of which, I forgot to turn off the stove!

	Sasami rushed back into the kitchen to continue her cooking.

Dennis: She's so nice. It makes me wonder if she has a sister.

Tenchi: She does.

Dennis: For real?

Tenchi: Yep.

Dennis: Where is she?

Tenchi: I believe she's in her room. Let me go check. You stay here for 
minute.

	Tenchi went upstairs to trying to find Sasami's sister. While 
Dennis is still standing in front of the doorway leading out, he 
happened to look at some pictures on a coffee table nearby. As he 
looks, a door opened up underneath the stairs leading up. A lady sticks 
her head out of the door.

Washu: Who's racing up the stairs again?! I need peace and quiet down 
here while I'm doing my work!!

Dennis: Um, that was Tenchi, ma'am.

Washu: Huh?

	Washu turned to her left and sees a person standing by the 
doorway. As she looks up and sees his face, her face went completely 
red and jumped out to stand in front of this person.

Washu:(blushes) Oh, my god! 

Dennis:(confused) Ma'am?

Washu: Uh....I....Oh, what's....(laughing) Excuse me. I was lost in 
space for a second. Who are you?

Dennis: My name is Dennis. You are?

Washu: I'm Washu, the greatest scientist of the universe!!

Dennis:(raindrop over head) O....kay.

Washu:(chuckles and smiles) But, you can call me Little Washu, okay?!

Dennis: Little Washu?

Washu: Um-hmm.

Dennis: Well, I do have to say, Little Washu, that you have magnificant 
hair.

Washu: I do?

Dennis: Especially pink.

Washu: Aw, you just saying that. Anyway, I got to continue my work. So, 
if you want to see, you can come down. See ya!

	As Washu closes the door behind her, Dennis was smiling from ear 
to ear.

Dennis:(thinking) I can't believe it! I just got here and I'm falling 
in love with someone I don't know about!

Tenchi: I'm back!

Dennis: Huh?

Tenchi: Dennis, I want you to meet Princess Ayeka.

Dennis: Princess?

Ayeka: Yes. Princess Ayeka of Jurai.

Dennis: If you are a princess, then that makes Sasami your queen.

	Ayeka's eyes went big after hearing that.

Ayeka:(shouting) Absolutely not! She's a princess as well!!

Dennis: Oh.

Tenchi:(hand behind his head) You have to excuse Ayeka. 

Dennis: No. It's my fault. I shouldn't jump to conclusions. Sorry, 
Princess Ayeka.

	Dennis went down on one knee.

Ayeka: Well, at least you are a gentleman.(smiles) You can get up now.

Dennis: By the way, Tenchi. I believe you should told me before about 
that door.

Tenchi: What door? Oh, that one. I guess you already met Washu.

Dennis: Correction: Little Washu.

Tenchi: Well, it's just simple Washu to all of us. 

Ayeka: If you don't mind, Tenchi, I like to see Sasami.

Tenchi: Oh, go ahead. I have to lead Dennis to his room.

Dennis: Right. I forgot about taking a rest.

	Tenchi took Dennis upstairs and lead him inside a very 
appropriate room.

Dennis: This it?

Tenchi: For now. Then, we have to find you a more suitable room.

Dennis: It's only for a nap until I regain my strength and all.

Tenchi: I'll wake you when it's time to eat.

Dennis: Okay. Thanks, Tenchi for everything.

Tenchi:(smiles) You're welcome.

	Tenchi closed the door and Dennis took off his gear. He went 
straight for the bed so that he can enjoy a good rest before dinner. 
Elsewhere and very, very far from his location, a figure was on top of 
the mountain looking forward at the land.

He's here. I'll find him before he unleashes Armageddon!!!

	Back at Tenchi's home, it was evening time and Dennis was still 
resting from his traveling. Sasami went into the room to wake him.

Sasami: Dennis. Wake up. It's time to eat.

Dennis:(groans) Is that you, Sasami?

Sasami: It's me. How was your rest?

Dennis: Fine. It was the best sleep I have ever had.

Sasami: Well, dinner's downstairs and there are some people who you 
haven't met yet.

Dennis: Okay. Just give me a couple of minutes to pull myself together 
and I'll meet you all at the table.

Sasami: Great.

	Sasami runs off cheerfully like a Sunday school girl to Dennis's 
eyes. But, he remembers that her sister Ayeka is Princess of Jurai and 
so is she. It took some time before Dennis walks downstairs and notices 
some familiar faces and faces he haven't seen yet.

Tenchi: Dennis. Had a nice nap?

Dennis: Yeah. Now, I believe I want some food in my stomach.

Tenchi: Before you do, allow me to introduce to you some people who you 
haven't met before. Over here is Galaxy Police officers Mihoshi and 
Kiyone.

Dennis: Nice to meet you.

Kiyone: Likewise.

	Out of nowhere, a woman with cyan colored hair appeared over 
Tenchi and hugs him.

Tenchi: And, um...this is Ryoko, a space pirate.

Ryoko: You don't have to introduce me. I'm sure he's heard about me 
somewhere.

Dennis: No, I haven't. 

Ryoko: You haven't?! Don't you know that I'll crush you like a ant?!

Dennis: Why would you crush me?

Ryoko:(confused) You mean you're aren't here to kidnap Tenchi?

Dennis: Heck no!

Ryoko:(happily) Oh. Nevermind.

	Ayeka appears next to Dennis.

Ayeka: You have to excuse her. She's been drinking tea again.

Ryoko: What are you saying over there, Princess?!

Ayeka: None of your business!! This is just an A and B conversation! We 
don't need C in it! Oh, since you are brain dead, C is you!

Ryoko: Why you little...! How dare you embarrass me in front of my 
Tenchi like that!

Ayeka: You're Tenchi?! You got a lot of nerve saying that when you know 
darn well that Tenchi and I are related!!!

Ryoko: So?! 

Ayeka: What do you mean, "So"?! Tenchi and I are ment to be together!!

Ryoko: Over my dead body!!

	Ayeka and Ryoko met face to face with red eyes.

Dennis:(scratches his head) So, let me get this straight. You mean to 
tell me that you two are Tenchi's girlfriends?!

Ayeka: You got a problem with that?!

Ryoko: Yeah, do you?!

Dennis: Nope! No problem with that!(chuckles)

	After everything cooled down with Ayeka and Ryoko, they started 
eating Sasami's meal for the evening. 

Tenchi: So, tell us. Why are you traveling, Dennis?

Dennis: Well, to me, it's running and to everyone else, it's traveling.

Kiyone: Running? What do you mean by that?

Dennis:(looks at Kiyone) What I mean is that I've been running away 
from an adversary that has unbelieveable power.

Tenchi: Who is this person?

Dennis:(sighs) It all started a few years ago back in America. I was on 
a very high class trip to search for missing artifacts. People say that 
if you find any, it maybe worth something. Consider thinking this as a 
treasure hunt. One day, I came across a island that wasn't even marked 
on the map. I tried to tell people about it, but they ignored me. I had 
to find and figure this place out without anyone's help. As I progress 
deep into the caverns, I spotted light coming from at the end of the 
hallway.

Sasami: What color was the light?

Dennis: I believe the color was green, light green, something like 
that. As I got closer, the light keeps getting brighter and brighter. 
Then, I entered into a room where weird writings were on stones, walls, 
even statues. Then, I saw what was drawing me into this room. A crystal 
with stone snake wrapped around it. I couldn't turn away from it. So, 
as I reached towards it, the room started shaking, the pillars in the 
room started collasping. I figured the caverns was going to cave in and 
I would be trapped. So, I grabbed the crystal without a second thought 
and ran out of there before I was crushed. 

Mihoshi: Did you get out?

	Everyone looked at Mihoshi with a raindrop hanging on their 
heads.

Kiyone: Of course, Mihoshi!!! He wouldn't be here if he didn't survive 
that cave in!!

Mihoshi: Oh. I get it.

Dennis: Let me guess. A few horses short of a full wagon?

Kiyone: How'd you guess?

Dennis:(clears throat) Anyway, I survived the cave in and went to my 
boat before something else happens. After what transpired there, I 
didn't know if I was able to backup my story of what I went through. A 
few weeks later, I continued studying the crystal and trying to figure 
out its history like who made it or why its on earth or what is its 
purpose. Then, I came across some ancient language that best describes 
the crystal. I read it over and over, but nothing happened. Until, late 
one night as I read the final page, something was happening. The 
crystal begin to float in the air and I was stunned by its 
magnificance. I tried to get away, but it drew me closer to it. The 
crystal somehow went into a metamorphosis because it wasn't a crystal 
anymore, it was symbol. A symbol which attached to my neck. Let me show 
you.

	Dennis pulled back his hair and exposed a weird symbol on his 
neck.

Ayeka: Did you try to wash it off or something?

Dennis: Yeah. I thought up everything that I can think of to try to get 
this thing off of me. I really didn't want anyone to see me with this 
because they might try to study it and they need me. I had no choice, 
but to walk among the living with this symbol on my neck. After that 
symbol attached itself to me, I keep getting nightmares about a war 
between heaven and hell and demons being lead by a warrior with 
mysterious power. I couldn't understand it all, but the part about the 
warrior, that was true because after I went to the building to reclaim 
my treasure 2 months ago, I walked into an alley because it was a 
shortcut to where I lived.

	Dennis starts to get up from the table and walks away from it.

Dennis: There was a mugging and someone was attacking another. I had to 
help, but four people held me back. I was growing angry over what their 
ring leader was doing to the poor man. That's when it happened.

	Dennis looked forward and out of nowhere, two chains come flying 
out and hover over the table.

Dennis: These came out like a bat out of hell. It was like they had a 
mind of their own because they took out the gang in a matter of 
seconds. I was terrified after that and didn't look back. The next 
night, I was up on the rooftop moaning and groaning. It was like my 
inside was ripping apart and trying to get to the outside. As I 
released my scream, I soon saw upon myself that I've changed. 

Tenchi: Changed? You mean you changed into something awful?

Dennis: Well, you be the judge.

	Dennis closed his eyes and concentrated as black spikes started 
to appear all over his body. Everyone gasped as they start to spread 
over Dennis like it was covering him up in clothing. Soon, he was in a 
black and white cover over his body.

Ryoko: Whoa!

Sasami: It's like you're a whole different person!

Dennis: On the outside, I am. But, I'm still Dennis Mitchell on the 
inside.

Tenchi: Did you figure out why this happened?

Dennis: I didn't figure out why, but I figure out what this represent. 
As I recall, I read the same book that I said the ancient tongue and it 
said, "thus the demons will be lead to the gates of Heaven by the 
HellSpawn."

Tenchi: Therefore?

Dennis: Therefore, I believe I was chosen to lead the demons to Heaven.

Ryoko: That's ridiculous!! How can you believe something like that?!

Tenchi: Ryoko!

Dennis: No. She's right. At first, I didn't believe it. But, that's 
when "she" came along.

Ayeka: She?

Dennis: Yeah. That's who I've been running away from!

Ryoko: You must be joking!(laughing) You, running away from a woman?!

Dennis: Believe me. If you seen her, you would do the same thing like 
I'm doing.

Tenchi: She's that powerful?

Dennis: Possibly. She's a warrior sent down by Heaven to stop me from 
doing anything wrong, by any means necessary.

Ayeka: So, you're saying that this warrior was sent from Heaven to kill 
you just because you have this HellSpawn within you?

Dennis: Yep. But, that's not even the worse part.

Tenchi: What do you mean?

Dennis: This woman will kill anyone that gets in her way and she won't 
have any regrets doing so.

Tenchi: Oh. So, that's what you mean earlier when we first met that you 
didn't want me to get involved.

Dennis: That's right.

Kiyone: Well, my question is, where is she?

Dennis: Before I answer that question, let me take off my armor.

	Dennis reverted his armor which went back inside him.

Ryoko: Does that hurt when you do that?

Dennis: At first, it did. But, I've gotten the hang with it.

Kiyone: Anyway, back to my question.

Dennis: Oh, yeah. To be honest, I haven't got a clue where she is, but 
normally she will be able to track down me sooner or later.

Tenchi: Is there anything we can do to help?

Ryoko: What?! Are you suggesting we help him who is running away from a 
woman?!

Ayeka: Would you hush up and think for a minute, Ryoko!!

Ryoko: Huh?

Ayeka: I don't think Dennis is running away from this person just 
because she's a woman. I believe that he's not strong enough to take 
care of this individual. Am I right, Dennis?

Dennis: Well, that's one way of saying it.

Kiyone: Okay. Let's say we do help Dennis. What can we do against 
something that was sent down from Heaven?

Tenchi: We do what we always do in situations like this. Try our best.

Sasami: Tenchi's right. We have to help Dennis in any way we can!

Ryoko:(sighs) Alright. You guys convince me.

Tenchi: Great. What do you say, Dennis? Will you accept our help?

Dennis: Yeah. There's no way I can say no to you guys.

	After a hip-hip hooray cheer, everyone finished their meal. It 
was very late and Dennis was up looking outside by the doorway leading 
outside to the backyard. From there, he can see the forest and a lake 
which reflects the moonlight above.

Tenchi: Nice night, huh?

Dennis: Yes. Tenchi?

Tenchi: Yeah?

Dennis: Thank you. In all of my travels, I've never seen a group of 
people helping me in a situation like this.

Tenchi: Your welcome.

Dennis: But, I got a question to ask you.

Tenchi: Shoot.

Dennis: Are all of the women here in the house your girlfriends?

Tenchi: What?!?! 

Dennis: I mean, uh....I mean all of the ladies here, I figure if they 
know you, they must be your girlfriends.

	Tenchi's head sank low.

Tenchi: No. It's nothing like that.

Dennis: Oh. I'm sorry if this is personal and all...

Tenchi: No, it's not. You got every right to ask a question that may 
seem unreal.(chuckles)

Dennis: Which reminds me, where am I going to sleep?

Tenchi: Whoops! I knew I forgot something. Well, the room where you 
were in was my bedroom. But, the only thing that's available is the 
couch.

Washu: He can sleep with me.

Tenchi and Dennis:(together) Huh? Who said that?

	Both Tenchi and Dennis turned around and sees Washu standing 
there with a smile on her face.

Tenchi: Was that you, Miss Washu?

Dennis: That's Little Washu.

Tenchi: Whatever.

Washu: You can sleep with me down in my lab.

Dennis: Is that okay with you?

Washu: Sure. You seem nice enough. I'm sure I have an extra bed down 
there somewhere.

Dennis: Thank you. Good night, Tenchi.

Tenchi: Good night.

	Dennis follows Washu through the door that is under the stairs. 
As Dennis goes in deeper, he realizes the glass walls on the side that 
contains weird creatures in them.

Dennis: What in the world are you running here, Little Washu? A zoo?

Washu: Not exactly. I collect these rare species from different 
universes.

Dennis: Oh. I suppose you study them as well.

Washu: Um-hmm. Could you do me a favor before you rest?

Dennis: What is it?

Washu: Lay on this table so that I can examine that symbol mark?

Dennis: Huh? But...but, how did you know?

Washu: Simple. I may miss dinner, but I never miss conversations. See?

	Washu points to a big monitor which had a picture of the table 
where dinner was served earlier.

Dennis: You were spying on us?

Washu: "Spying" is a naughty word. I rather say "checking out the 
gossip".

Dennis:(chuckles)

Washu: What's so funny?

Dennis: That's a nice joke.

Washu: Oh, you do like it, huh? 

Dennis:(clears throat) Well, you said on the table?

Washu: Yes. I'll scan that symbol with my laser scanner and see if I 
can study this to determine its background and all.

	Washu carefully uses her labtop to work the machine that is 
scanning Dennis's neck. It took a few minutes before she was done doing 
it.

Dennis: What have you found out?

Washu: These things take time. I'll uncover all of this in awhile.

Dennis: Okay.

Washu: May I ask you a question? I don't want to hurt your feelings on 
purpose and all.

Dennis: What is it?

Washu: Curious. While you were "traveling", did you meet up with 
someone that you cared for?

Dennis: You mean fall in love?

	Washu shook her head.

Dennis:(sighs) Yeah, I did. This girl seemed to wash my troubles away. 
I have forgotten that I had the power inside me. She made me forget 
that I was being hunt down by a hunter. She was the girl of my dreams. 
But, that was short-lived as one night, after we had a wonderful dinner 
under a moonlight, we arrived back to our home where it was on fire. I 
didn't know who started it until she appeared over our car. She said 
she been waiting for me to return. I told my girl to get away from here 
so that she wouldn't get hurt. But, that was all for nothing as I 
turned to face the hunter, which she disappeared. Then, I faced in the 
direction where my girl went. She had her in her grasp holding her 
deadly staff next to her body. She said to bow before her so that she 
can cut off my head. But, I didn't listen. Then, she went ahead and 
killed my girl, Emily, without any regrets.

	Dennis sat on the edge of the table.

Washu: My god!

Dennis: Yeah. That's another thing. Why is god sending someone to kill 
an innocent bystander?! Why?! WHY?!?!(sobbing)

	Dennis covers his face and cries his eyes out thinking of the 
past. Washu walks up to him and caresses him.

Washu: Don't worry now, Dennis. You're fine.

Dennis:(sniffs) Thanks, Washu. Huh?

	As Dennis went to hug her for the comments, he felt like a 
different person was holding him and not Washu. He looks up and sees a 
different person, but has Washu's looks and hair.

Dennis: AHH!! What on earth?!

Washu: Don't worry, Dennis. It's me!

Dennis: Little Washu?! 

Washu: Not in this form.
	
	Washu places her hands on Dennis cheeks and pulled him closer to 
her face.

Washu: You can call me Washu.

	Then, in the heat of the moment, Washu and Dennis's lips pressed 
together and they kissed. Dennis pulled away with a shocked look on his 
face.

Washu: What's wrong?

Dennis: I don't want to have another relationship.

Washu: Oh.(folds her arms) You're saying that if you fall in love 
again, she might end up getting hurt, right?

Dennis: Yeah. But,....

Washu: But what?

Dennis: I....I don't know how to say this. I haven't been here long 
enough and already I have a sudden urge to be with someone.

Washu: Are you trying to say that you love me?

Dennis:(sighs) Yes.

	Washu begins to tear up as she goes near to hug him. Dennis 
didn't know what to do at this situation, but he hugged her back. The 
next day came and Sasami, as usual, gets breakfast up and running. 
Tenchi was walking slowly downstairs as he acts half tired.

Tenchi:(yawning) Oh, boy. Those midnight shows really got me.

Ryoko: Morning, Tenchi.

	Ryoko appeared behind Tenchi and she acts half tired as well.

Tenchi: Morning. I see you had a rough night.

Ryoko: Believe me, it's a night that I rather forget.

Sasami: Tenchi!

Tenchi: Yes?

Sasami: Could you come in here for a minute.

Tenchi: Okay.

	Tenchi walks into the kitchen and sees Sasami having her hands 
full.

Tenchi: Sasami, are you okay?

Sasami: Not really. I tried to cook a big meal since Dennis is here and 
I lost track of time. I wonder if you could help out.

Tenchi: Sure. Just lead me to whatever you are having trouble with.

	Everyone was finally up and was seated at the table, except for 
Dennis and Washu. That which got everyone wondering about.

Tenchi: Hmm. Washu never misses breakfast before. I wonder what's 
holding her up?

Ayeka: What about Dennis? Did he found a good place to sleep?

Tenchi: Yeah. Last time I saw him, he was on his way downstairs with 
Miss Washu.

Ryoko: Oh.

	The ladies was drinking their tea except for Mihoshi who was 
snoring on the table. Then, everyone went into a stunned look and spits 
their drinks out.

Ryoko: What?! Washu and Dennis, downstairs, in the lab?!?!

Tenchi: What's the problem?

Ayeka: Um, Lord Tenchi, does anything pop in your mind that may involve 
Washu and Dennis?

Tenchi: Hmm. 

	Tenchi thought about it and realizes what she means.

Tenchi: Hold on! If you're thinking what I think you're thinking, then 
that's out of the question! They wouldn't do....(silent for a 
moment)...whatever you think that they would do.

Ryoko: Okay. If what you're saying is true, Tenchi, then it wouldn't 
hurt to go down there, right?

Tenchi: Well,....

Sasami: We shouldn't, you guys. I mean, it's like entering without 
asking.

Ryoko: We are not spying, Sasami. We are just checking up on them. 

Tenchi: Alright. But, no funny business.

Kiyone: I think it would be okay to leave Mihoshi here, Tenchi. She 
seems to enjoy her meal.

	Except that she's sleeping on her meal. Anyway, the rest rallied 
up and entered Washu's lab in search of Washu and Dennis. They reached 
the main part of the lab hoping to see something that might help them.

Ryoko: Do you see them?

Ayeka: No. 

Tenchi: Split up. If you find them, call us.

	They split up and tries to locate the two. Sasami was walking the 
east side of the lab. Out of the corner of her left eye, she spots 
something that put a cheerful look on her face.

Sasami: I found them. Tenchi, I found them!

	Everyone ran to Sasami's position. Once arriving there, 
everyone's, except Sasami, jaws dropped to see Washu and Dennis 
sleeping in bed together. Dennis was lying on his back as Washu's head 
was on Dennis's chest with a smile on her face.

Tenchi: Oh, boy.

Ryoko: This...is unbelieveable.

Sasami: What are you talking about? This is sweet!

Ayeka: To your eyes, Sasami. To us, something else.

Sasami: GOOD MORNING!!

	Everyone covered up Sasami as she said that to wake them up. 
Washu starts to open her eyes. She sees the gang at the bed end.

Washu:(smiles) Well, I guess you saved me the trouble of surprising you 
all.

Ryoko: Surprising us?!?! What in the world are you doing in bed with 
him?!

Washu: If I told you, you wouldn't believe it.

	Tenchi tries to hold back a raging Ryoko.

Ayeka: Believe what?

Washu: That I love him and he loves me back.

Sasami: Oh, how sweet!

Ryoko: You got to be kidding!!!!

Washu: I don't "kid", Ryoko.(turns to Dennis) Dennis, wake up. It's 
morning.

Dennis:(groans) Already? I thought it was still night.

Washu: We have some guest, dear.

Ryoko: Dear?!?!?!
 
Dennis: Huh?

	Dennis sat up and sees the gang in front of him. He begins to 
blush.

Dennis: Uh-oh.

Ryoko: Uh-oh is right, you no-good, rotten....!!!

Tenchi: Ryoko, control yourself!!

Ryoko: How dare you sleep with my mother!!!

Dennis: What?!

Kiyone: You mean she didn't tell you?

Dennis: Well, the only thing she told, better yet, shown me was her 
taller self.

Washu: That and I'm 20,000 years old.

Dennis: 20,000?!

Washu: Yep.

Dennis:(chuckles) You sure don't look a day over 20,000.

Washu:(chuckles) Nice one. 

Ayeka: I'm sorry to break up this conversation, but your breakfast is 
getting cold.

Tenchi: That and I'm late for school.

	As the gang left Washu's lab, Washu finally blew a sigh of 
relief.

Washu: That Ryoko. She can be a pain.

Dennis: Honestly, she's your daughter?

Washu: Yeah and she's 700 years old.

Dennis:(sighs) I got to get dressed. Perhaps, I can aide you in finding 
out what this symbol on my neck is.

Washu: Don't worry. I work it out myself. You need to get your strength 
back.

	Dennis puts on his clothes so that he can go upstairs and eat 
some of Sasami's breakfast. Tenchi runs out of the house hoping not to 
miss the bus to school. The day was progressing nicely as both Kiyone 
and Mihoshi work on the laundry and Sasami was sweeping up the house. 
Dennis walks out to watch the girls in action.

Sasami: Had a nice meal?

Dennis: Yeah. That was a great breakfast you cooked up, Sasami.

Sasami: Thank you.

	All of a sudden, a furry feline with big ears appear on Dennis's 
shoulder.

Dennis: What in the world?!

Sasami: Oh. I almost forgot. This is Ryo-Ohki, Ryoko's spaceship.

Dennis: Say what?

Sasami: Show him, Ryo-Ohki!

	Ryo-Ohki jumps high into the air and tranformed into a giant 
flying spaceship.

Sasami: See?

Dennis: Now I've seen everything.

Ayeka: Not entirely, Dennis.

Dennis: Huh?

Sasami: Hello, Ayeka.

Ayeka: Morning. Would you come with me, Dennis.

Dennis: Um,...sure. I got all the time in the world.(chuckles)

	Ayeka leads Dennis into the forest where she takes him on a one 
way path leading up.

Ayeka: You have to apoligize for my reaction earlier this morning.

Dennis: You mean with me and Little Washu?

Ayeka: Yes. We didn't expect for you to fall in love with someone who 
says that she's the greatest scientist of the universe.

Dennis: Well, she won my heart with her charm.

Ayeka: I see. 

Dennis: This is a nice forest. When I arrived here and noticed this, I 
wonder what would happen when fall comes and the trees have red and 
yellow leaves on them.

Ayeka: It would be like living in a portrait.

Dennis: You've been here to see that?

Ayeka: Well, it was only one year since we arrived here on earth. But, 
it feels like an eternity.

Dennis: What did you wanted to talk to me about or why you brought me 
out here?

Ayeka: I guess Tenchi didn't fully explain to you about me, my sister, 
and Tenchi himself.

Dennis: I do recall him saying that you are the Princess of Jurai.

Ayeka: Yes, I am. I'm a full blooded Jurai Princess. Tenchi is part of 
the Jurai family as well.

Dennis: He is?

Ayeka: You see, his grandfather was a Jurai warrior and fought the 
demon, Ryoko, on Jurai. That was many years ago in which those two came 
to earth. Tenchi's grandfather is really known as Yosho and Tenchi 
himself would be heir to the throne.

Dennis: Oh. And I guess that you want to marry Tenchi and live on 
Jurai, right?

Ayeka: Well, that was a thought at first, but many things came up.

Dennis: Let me guess. Ryoko's appearance and people from far across the 
galaxy trying to get rid of the earth?

Ayeka: That's one way of saying. Here we are.

Dennis: What? Huh?

	Dennis looks forward and see a big tree standing in the middle of 
a lake. 

Dennis: That tree looks special. Somehow, I feel some power coming from 
it.

Ayeka: That power, that you are feeling, is Jurai power. This tree 
belongs to Yosho, Tenchi's grandfather. Legends from Jurai say when I 
was young that the trees are like a life force. It's what keeps the 
people Jurai young and pure.

Dennis: Interesting.

Ayeka: There's one more thing I got to tell you, Dennis.

Dennis: And that is?

Ayeka: Just keep this in the back of your mind. When you see Sasami 
again, remember this. She has two different minds in one body.

Dennis:(raindrop over his head) Huh?!?!?

Ayeka: That's all you need to know. When you find out, let me know.

	Ayeka left Dennis with a confused look on his face wondering what 
was Ayeka talking about. Meanwhile, Washu was in her lab trying to 
study more about the symbol on Dennis's neck. Ryoko soon appeared 
behind her.

Ryoko: How could you sleep with him, Washu?

Washu: Funny. I don't recall asking your permission to do anything I 
want.

Ryoko: But, you do know what you're getting yourself into, right?

Washu: Yes. I've heard Dennis's story about this symbol and the power 
to become a HellSpawn.

Ryoko: I know that! What I'm trying to say is that he's not worth 
falling in love with! I bet he never met a girl in his life!

	Washu stops typing on the computer of hers.

Washu: Ryoko. 

Ryoko: Hmm?

Washu: You don't understand him at all.

Ryoko: Wha...?

Washu: The night where he came down here, I asked him if he ever cared 
for someone while traveling. He said he did and her name was Emily. She 
was killed by this heaven warrior without a second thought. It broke 
Dennis's heart in two. But, now he cares for me as I do to him. I love 
him, Ryoko. Just the way you act around Tenchi.

Ryoko: I...didn't know.

Washu: Of course, you didn't. It was a hidden secret that Dennis kept 
inside of him all this time. 

Ryoko: I'm sorry that I shout at you, Washu.

Washu: I believe I'm not the only one who will accept your apology.

	Just then, Dennis opens the door to Washu's lab.

Dennis: Washu?

Washu: Down here, darling.

Ryoko: Darling?!?!

Dennis: Oh. Hi, Ryoko.

Ryoko: Don't you dare say "hi" to me, you lowdown, no-good....!

Washu: Ryoko.

Ryoko:(sighs) Sorry. I just don't want anything happen to my mother and 
all.

Dennis: Don't worry. Washu and I are fine. But, if you want me to 
leave,....

Ryoko: No, no. If you are what keeps Washu happy,(smiles) then I'm fine 
with that. Would you accept my forgiveness for what I said earlier this 
morning?

Dennis: Sure. 

Ryoko: Thanks.

	Ryoko starts to head near the staircase up.

Dennis: Don't I get a hug?

Ryoko:(chuckles) Don't push it.

Dennis: Right.

	With that said, Ryoko went upstairs with a smile on her face.

Washu: How are you doing?

Dennis: Honestly, I don't think I've taken a bath yet since I got here.

Washu: You know, we do have a sauna.

Dennis: You do? Well, that's even better. Lead me to it.

Washu: My pleasure.

	Dennis and Washu head to a sauna which was through the bathroom 
door of Tenchi's house.

Dennis: Goodness! This is the bathroom?

Washu: Not really. Thanks to my superior genious mind, I used a method 
which makes a bathroom turn into a sauna by my universal black hole.

Dennis: I see.

Washu: You go ahead while I slip in something more relaxable.

Dennis: Okay.

	Dennis took off his clothes except his boxer shorts and jumps 
into the big sauna tub. He relaxed in it for a couple of minutes until 
he heard the door open up.

Washu: I'm back.

	Washu had her green bathing suit on and her hair rolled up in a 
towel.

Dennis:(big eyes) Oh, boy.

Washu: Like it?

Dennis: Yes, ma'am.

Washu:(chuckles) Would you turn around?

Dennis: How come?

Washu: Would it be alright to massage your back?

Dennis: Oh, okay. Go ahead.

Washu: If I recall from studying about bath methods, massaging one's 
back will ease the person's tension and stress that has been build up 
for awhile.

Dennis: Really? If that's true, I wouldn't mind getting one everyday.

	Outside by the door to the bathroom, Sasami with Ryo-Ohki were 
listening to the conversation. Ayeka just happened to be on her way to 
the bathroom so she could get a sauna bath. She notices Sasami by the 
door.

Ayeka: Sasami, what are you doing?

Sasami: Shh. Listening to Washu and Dennis's conversation.

Ayeka: Come on, Sasami. That's just plain rude. But, since we are 
talking about those two, it wouldn't hurt to listen what they are 
talking about. 

	Now, Ayeka joins Sasami by the door to listen in on the 
conversation. Minutes later, both Kiyone and Mihoshi were on their way 
to the sauna bath to spend some time relaxing. Then, they saw Ayeka and 
Sasami having their ear by the door.

Kiyone: What are you two doing?

Ayeka and Sasami: Shh. Listening to Washu and Dennis's conversation.

Kiyone: Oh. Is that all?

Mihoshi: But, is it wrong to be doing things like that, Kiyone?

Kiyone: Yes, it is.

	It took some time before Kiyone realizes what was wrong with this 
picture.

Kiyone: It is wrong!!! Princess Ayeka, you know better than to 
listening to a conversation!!

Ayeka: How dare you talk to me like that! Unless you want me to contact 
your supervisor to demote you to a private, it would be wise if you 
don't talk to me that way again, got it?

Kiyone:(bowing repeatedly) Sorry, Princess. Sorry, sorry, sorry, and 
sorry again.

	Now, Kiyone and Mihoshi joins the two as well by the door. Little 
while later, Ryoko walks upstairs and notices the four women by the 
door.

Ryoko: Alright, you guys. It's bad enough you can't open the door by 
yourselves, but you can't even knock.

Everyone: Shh!

Ryoko: Don't you "shh" me! I'll say anything that I want out loud if I 
have to!

	Ryoko opens the door and to everyone's surprise, they see Washu 
and Dennis in the sauna with Washu rubbing Dennis's shoulders. Ryoko 
was stuttering at the door step.

Ryoko: Wha....wha....wha....wha....

Washu: We just can't seem to get some privacy around here.

Dennis:(chuckles with hand behind head) Ryoko, this is not what you 
think.

Ryoko:(angrily) What is going on around here?!?!

Washu: Ryoko, I thought we agreed this earlier.

Ryoko: Oh, really? I don't recall you saying that you would be giving 
him a rub down!!!!

Ayeka: Miss Washu, I wonder if you can explain to us WHAT'S GOING ON 
AROUND HERE?!?!?!

Washu: Dennis wanted to take a dip and I wanted to join him. How's 
that?

Mihoshi: That would explain it!

Ayeka: Who asked you?!?!

Sasami: Dennis, nothing happened while you two were in here, right?

Dennis: No! Nothing happened in here!

Washu:(smiles) Yet.

Dennis: Huh?

Ryoko: Over my dead body.

Dennis: Um....I see that you women want to come in here. I don't want 
to be the only guy in this sauna with the other girls. So, I guess I 
can clean and be out of your hair.(chuckles)

	Dennis zooms out of the room before something drastic happened.

Washu: Way to go, you guys. Just when I was ready to have him in my 
hands.

Kiyone: You were?

Mihoshi:(chuckles) I can't wait to tell Tenchi about this!

	Ryoko socked it to her with a right punch to the head.

Ryoko: You won't tell Tenchi nothing! 

	As Washu sighed after what transpired, she can only think if 
Dennis is still interested in her. Meanwhile, Tenchi was walking in 
school. He was on his way to lunch before a business women bumped into 
him.

Tenchi: Excuse me.

Woman: Pardon me. Do you know where I can find a Tenchi Masaki?

Tenchi: Yeah. He's me. Who are you?

Woman: Well, do you have time to talk?

Tenchi: It is lunch time. How long is this going to take?

Woman: Not very long. Follow me.

	The woman takes Tenchi into the Teacher Lounge so that she can 
ask Tenchi questions.

Tenchi: So, what brings you here?

Woman: I'm working at a agency and I'm their top officer for the job.

Tenchi: An officer? What business do you have in Japan?

Woman: Before we continue, my name is Angelic Johnson. I want to ask 
you if you seen this person.

	Ms. Johnson took out a picture and handed it to Tenchi. It was a 
picture of Dennis Mitchell.

Tenchi: Sorry, ma'am. I haven't this person. Who is he?

Ms. Johnson: His name is not to be mentioned. He is highly dangerous 
and it is important that we find him before he harms anyone again.

Tenchi: What crimes did this person committed?

Ms. Johnson: Not so long ago, this murderous killer hunted down a young 
and innocent girl. She was only 17 years old.

Tenchi: My, god!

Ms. Johnson: People tend to get in his way and he kills them with 
pleasure without any regrets.

Tenchi: If what you are saying is true, what makes you think he's going 
to show up here at my school?

Ms. Johnson: Well, my hunch is that he's probably going after another 
17 year old and kill her as well. 

Tenchi: What can I do?

Ms. Johnson: The best thing, Mr. Masaki, that you can do is call me as 
soon as you see something ususual. Here's my card.

Tenchi: Thanks. Um, can I go now?

Ms. Johnson: Yes, you may. Thank you for your time and cooperation.

	Tenchi left Ms. Johnson in the Teacher Lounge. But, this Ms. 
Johnson character showed a little smile at the corner of her mouth. 
Back at Tenchi's home, the women are trying to get back on track after 
seeing Washu in the sauna with Dennis. Ryoko is definitely angry at 
both of them. 

Sasami: Come on, Ryoko. You can't stay mad at them forever.

Ryoko: I can and I will!!

Sasami: Listen to yourself! You acting like Washu married Tenchi or 
something!

	Ryoko's face went completely red.

Ryoko: How dare you say something like that!!!! That's the last thing 
that I would think of!!!!

Sasami: I'm sorry.

Ayeka: Miss Ryoko!!!

Ryoko: Uh-oh.

Ayeka: How dare you talk to Sasami that way!! You got no right!

Ryoko: Mind your business, Ayeka! I can scream and shout to anyone I 
want!

Ayeka: Then, I forbid you to!

Ryoko: Forget it, Ayeka! That Jurai royalty bit ain't going to work 
down here! Besides, I'm a space pirate! I can do whatever I want to do!

Ayeka: I don't care! All I want you to do is stop shouting at Sasami! 
She can't be blamed by the love between Washu and Dennis!

	That made Ryoko steamed as she turned boiling red and caused an 
explosion in the kitchen from her power. Everything was a mess except 
Ryoko.

Ayeka:(coughs) Was it something I said?(faints)

	Down in Washu's lab, Dennis continues to watch Washu work her 
magic as she tries to unlock the mystery of the HellSpawn.

Dennis: Any luck, Washu?

Washu: Not yet, Dennis. Normally, I should be able to crack the secret 
of this, but unfortunately, I haven't. This is so complicated to me.

Dennis: I see. Well, if you are continuing to study this, I should be 
training.

Washu: Training?

Dennis: Yeah. I have to get used to these powers if I'm able to stop 
this hunter before I'm finished.

Washu:(smiles) You're in luck. I just happened to have a training room 
where you can use your agility and speed.

Dennis: For real? Cool. Before I get started, I go upstairs and grab a 
bottle of water from the kitchen.

Washu: Wait!

Dennis: Huh?

Washu: I....um,....

Dennis: What is it?

Washu: It's still too soon to go up there.

Dennis: What do you....? Oh. You mean, Ryoko?

Washu: Yep.

Dennis: Hmm. All right. You win. I won't get it.

	Dennis rushes off to go into Washu's training room. Later in the 
day, before Tenchi gets home, Ryoko was on the rooftop watching the sun 
go down. Washu appears on the balcony just below Ryoko.

Washu: Ryoko!

Ryoko: What do you want?

Washu: Just want to talk.

Ryoko: I got nothing to say to you.

Washu: Come on. Just for a couple of minutes.

Ryoko:(sighs) All right.

	Ryoko disappears and reappears in front of Washu on the balcony.

Ryoko: So, where's that lover boy of yours?

Washu: Oh. He's working out in the training room of mine.

Ryoko: Hmph!

Washu: That's what I want to talk about! Your attitude towards him. 

Ryoko: What about it?!

Washu: You haven't given me not one good reason why Dennis and I 
shouldn't be together!

Ryoko: Well, I don't know. It's just that....

Washu: What?

Ryoko: Sometimes when I see you with him, it sort of reminds me of 
Ayeka getting all close to Tenchi.

Washu: I see. So, if the situations were similar, you love Dennis as 
well?

Ryoko: What on earth are you talking about?!?!

Washu: I saying that you have some sort of feelings towards Dennis, am 
I right?

Ryoko: Now, you know that my heart belongs to Tenchi and no one else! 
Believe me, if you love Dennis that much, then you can have him!

Washu: I figure that out myself! So, what can we do about your temper?

Ryoko:(sighs) Don't worry. I'm calm now.

Washu:(raises an eyebrow) Positive?

Ryoko:(smiles) Yeah. 

Washu: Thanks, Ryoko.

Ryoko: Just answer me this one question, Washu?

Washu: Hmm?

Ryoko: If we hadn't barged in the sauna room, what were you planning to 
do with Dennis?

Washu: Oh, I probably would've seduced him.

Ryoko: Oh.

	Washu closed the door behind her just as Ryoko thought about it.

Ryoko: SAY WHAT?!?!?!?!

	It was about 4:00 and Tenchi arrives back home from school. As 
usual, the girls greet him, but Ryoko and Ayeka welcomed him home their 
way.

Tenchi: Hello, everyone. Um, where's Dennis?

Ryoko: I believe he is still with Washu in the lab.

Tenchi: Oh.

Sasami: What's the matter, Tenchi?

Tenchi: Well, the strangest thing happened earlier today. I was on my 
way to lunch when this woman came out of nowhere. I bumped into her and 
said I was sorry. Turns out that she was looking for me.

Kiyone: For what?

Ryoko: Yeah, Tenchi. For what?

Ayeka: Yes. Tell us, Lord Tenchi.

	Both Ayeka and Ryoko had their arms crossed with a mean look on 
their face.

Tenchi: She was looking for me because, well, she wanted to ask some 
questions. I suppose she has done this with the other kids at school. 
Anyway, she took me to the Teacher Lounge so that we could get some 
privacy. She then handed me a picture with Dennis's face on it.

Ayeka: Huh? Are you sure?

Tenchi: Yeah. I had to double check the thing twice to make sure it was 
Dennis that I know.

Ryoko: So, what did you say to her?

Tenchi: I hope I did the right thing, but when she asked if I seen him, 
I said no.

Kiyone: What? You're saying that you lied to her?

Tenchi: Well, yeah. But, from what she told me, I have to ask Dennis 
this.

Ryoko: Well, spill it!

Tenchi: This woman said that Dennis was a murderer. Some time ago, he 
killed an innocent bystander and she was only 17 years old! She also 
said that Dennis enjoys doing things like this without regrets!

Ryoko: That doesn't sound like the Dennis that we know.

Kiyone: You're saying that we are harboring a criminal?!?!

Tenchi: Wait! We can't presume that he is until we discussed this with 
Dennis!

Ayeka: Of course. We can't make harsh comments about someone until we 
here the truth.

Tenchi: Sasami, go get Washu and Dennis. I believe we need an 
explanation about this.

	It took some time for Sasami to get Washu and Dennis out of the 
lab. When they got upstairs, Sasami lead them into the living room 
where everyone was at.  

Dennis: Hi, Tenchi. How was school?

Tenchi: It was normal as usual.

Washu: What is it that you brought me out of my lab, Tenchi? You know 
that I don't want to be disturbed while I'm working.

Tenchi: Pardon me for doing so, Miss Washu. It's kind of an emergency 
since this involves Dennis.

Dennis: Me? What for?

Tenchi: Well, earlier today at school, I was on my way to lunch until a 
woman bumped into me. I said I was sorry and asked me if I could find 
Tenchi Masaki. I said I was him and said that she needed to talk to me, 
but in private. Then, before the question ever came up, she gave me a 
picture that had you on it, Dennis.

Dennis: Huh?

Washu: Are you sure, Tenchi?

Tenchi: I'm positive. Not only that, her name was Angelic Johnson.

Dennis:(gasped) What did you say?

Tenchi: Angelic Johnson.

Dennis: Oh no!!

Kiyone: Do you know this woman, Dennis?

Dennis: Yes. She's the woman who was sent down by Heaven to kill me!

Ryoko: You mean the hunter?

Dennis: Indeed. Tenchi, what did she ask you?

Tenchi: She asked if I known you and I said I didn't.

Dennis: Good. Anything else?

Tenchi: I asked her what has this person done and she said that this 
person was a murderer and was on the loose. The last crime that you 
did, as she said, was that you killed a 17 year old girl.

Dennis: That's a lie!!

Washu: It most definitely is!

Ayeka: What do you mean, Miss Washu?

Washu: The night he came here, I asked him if he ever fell in love 
before and he said that he did with a 17 year old girl named Emily. 
Then, he said that this hunter tracked them down and only killed the 
girl in order for him to give up. Unfortunately, he didn't.

Ryoko: But, who is telling the truth?

Dennis: What do you mean who's telling the truth? I am!

Tenchi: I believe you, Dennis. 

Sasami: I believe you, too. I can look into your eyes, Dennis, and can 
tell that you would never hurt anyone.

Dennis: Thanks, Sasami.

Washu: Tenchi, what else did this woman say to you?

Tenchi: The last thing she did was that she gave this card, if I see 
him.

	Tenchi pulls out the card.

Dennis: The card? No!!! Tenchi, give me that!!

	Dennis grabbed the card out of Tenchi's hand and ran out the 
front door. He quickly threw it into the air and unleashed his 
HellSpawn chain at it. It was destroyed by the green flame. Everyone 
ran outside to catch up to Dennis.

Tenchi: Why did you do that for?!

Dennis: Tenchi, that ain't no ordinary business card. That is Angela's 
mystical card. 

Kiyone: Which means?

Dennis: Which means that since Tenchi had it with him the whole time 
for the last couple of minutes, it can sense a HellSpawn's power. 
Therefore, the power that I have was sensed and sends a signal to 
Angela, wherever she is.

Tenchi: Uh-oh.

Ryoko: Uh-oh is right, Tenchi.

Washu: Everyone, quickly. Get back in the house!

	Once everyone was settled inside, they begin to ponder on what to 
do next.

Tenchi: I'm sorry, Dennis. I didn't know.

Dennis: Don't worry, Tenchi. You couldn't known. Nobody could.

Mihoshi: What can we do now? Will this Angela character show up?

Dennis: If I know her, she will probably play mind games with me 
thinking that she might be here or not.

Washu: I got an idea!

Everyone: Huh?

Washu: I can use my search seeker and scan around the area. If I sense 
something unusual, then we will know if she is here or not.

Dennis: Great idea, Little Washu.

Washu: Thank you.

Kiyone: Perhaps Mihoshi and I can scan the area from outer space and 
might find her on our radar senses.

Mihoshi: But, Kiyone. We can't leave.

Kiyone: Why not?

Mihoshi: Because my favorite late night show will be coming on.

	Kiyone begins to have a vein popping on her forehead and then 
grabs Mihoshi's back collar.

Kiyone: Forget it, Mihoshi!! You're not getting out of this jam!

Mihoshi:(sobbing) But, I don't want to leave!!

	As Mihoshi continues to cry up a river, everyone was still 
thinking on what to do.

Dennis:(sighs) Well, I guess my time being here will be cut short.

Ayeka: Nonsense. You have nothing to worry about, Dennis.

Ryoko: Yeah. Together, we can stop that woman before she can lay her 
fingers on you!

Tenchi: So, try to stay calm, okay?

Dennis: Right. You know, in all of my travels, I can't remember when 
was the last time I had friends who will help me in the time of need.

	Dennis breathed a sigh of relief knowing that he will be okay 
with Tenchi and the gang. He heads down to the lab and help Washu with 
her search seeker idea. 

Washu: Everything is going according to schedule, Dennis. The search 
seeker radar will be operational by tomorrow morning.

Dennis: Great. I guess I better continue training and I'll go straight 
to bed.

Washu:(smiles) I'll be waiting.

Dennis:(chuckles) I can't wait.

	Meanwhile, Tenchi heads outside to look at the clear moonlight 
above. Ryoko appears around him and hugs him.

Ryoko: What are you doing, Tenchi?

Tenchi: Just looking. Man, I feel like a fool. Somehow, in the back of 
my mind, I had a funny feeling about this character, but I didn't speak 
up or anything.

Ryoko: Listen, Tenchi. Like Dennis said, there was no way for you to 
know. It's not your fault! 

Tenchi: I know that, but I can't seem to shake it off my head. It's 
like I had some part in this situation involving Dennis being located.

Ryoko: It's not like you killed someone, Tenchi. It's just a common 
mistake, I think.

Tenchi: Easy for you to say.

Ryoko: Well, you can't blame yourself. If you done something that would 
change your life forever, you will never forgive yourself for changing 
that way.

Tenchi: You know, Ryoko. For some reason, that makes sense!

Ryoko: It did? Wow. I just made that up and all.

Tenchi: Well, it worked and feel alittle bit better. Thanks, Ryoko.

	Surprisingly, Tenchi gave Ryoko a little hug. A hug which made 
Ryoko blush all over and leaves Tenchi thinking....

Tenchi:(thinking) What did I just do?!?!?!

	Anyway, Ayeka was upset knowing she saw that hug. So, with her 
quickness, she raced downstairs and outside just to be in Ryoko's face.

Ayeka: What on earth were you doing to my Tenchi?!

Ryoko:(giggles) Oh, nothing.

Ayeka: Don't you dare tell me nothing, space pirate!! You were out here 
with Tenchi and don't you dare deny it!!

Ryoko: Well, yes. We were out here, but Tenchi was feeling kind of bad 
lately.

Ayeka: Oh, yeah?! From what?!

Ryoko: The situation with Dennis, remember?

	Ayeka's face went from mad to calm after hearing that.

Ayeka: Oh. Is he okay?

Ryoko: Yeah. After he heard my words of wisdom, he calmed down.

Ayeka: Words of wisdom? From you? Don't make me laugh.

Ryoko:(sighs) Believe what you want to believe, Princess Ayeka, but my 
words helped Tenchi snap out of it!

Ayeka: Hmm. By the way, I noticed that you don't blow up when Dennis 
and Washu are around. How come?

Ryoko: If you must know, I finally talked to Washu about it earlier and 
we gotten everything straighten out. So, Dennis and Washu are now a 
happy couple.

Ayeka:(thinking) Maybe too happy.

Ryoko: Well, I love to chat with you out here, Princess, but I got to 
go in and grab some shuteye.

	As night roll over, everyone was sleeping peacefully in bed. 
Dennis was sleeping with Washu again, but was sitting on the edge of 
the bed thinking on what to do when the time comes between him and the 
hunter, Angela. With that set on his mind, he finally went in bed and 
fallen asleep. Morning came and everyone was getting up to have some of 
Sasami's wonderful breakfast. Dennis was the first one to enter the 
kitchen and see Sasami at work.

Dennis: Morning, Sasami.

Sasami: Morning, Dennis. Breakfast will be up in a couple of minutes.

Dennis: Okay.

	Before Dennis was about to leave, Dennis thought something that 
Ayeka told him about.

Dennis:(thinking) What a second. Princess Ayeka said something about 
the next time I see Sasami, remember that she has two different minds 
in one body. What in the world does she mean by that?

Sasami: Huh? What's wrong, Dennis?

Dennis: I can't ignore it anymore. Do you have any idea what Ayeka 
means when she told me that you have two minds in one body?

Sasami:(smiles) Oh, yes. Pick up that mirror and come stand right 
beside me.

	Luckily, there was a mirror near Dennis. So, he did what Sasami 
told him to do.

Dennis: Okay. Now what?

Sasami: Simple. Hold up the mirror.

	Dennis did thatn and still doesn't know what on earth Sasami was 
getting at. But, to his surprise, he looked at the mirror and sees a 
different face in the position where Sasami is.

Dennis: What the?!?! What is this? Some sort of Jurai mind trick?!

Sasami:(giggles) No, silly. That's the second mind in my body. Her name 
is Tsunami.

Dennis: Tsunami? 

Sasami: Yep. My sister tells me that when I grow up, I'll look just 
like her.

Dennis: Well, you do look lovely on both occasions. 

Sasami: Thank you.

Dennis: You know, this feels like I'm looking at a different person, 
even though it hasn't come out of hiding yet. Kind of like this power 
that I have been bestowed on.

Sasami: Don't say that, Dennis. You can't blame yourself of having this 
power. I couldn't when Tsunami became a part of me. If there's one 
thing I known in all of my life, Dennis, is that great power comes with 
great responsibility.

Dennis: You're saying that it's my responsibility to use this power, 
right?

Sasami: Right. Don't matter what people say about it, it's yours and 
yours alone.

Dennis: Hmm. Thanks, Sasami. You really help me out.

Sasami: You're welcome. Now, get ready. Breakfast is coming fast!

	Breakast was served fast and steady as Tenchi and the gang ate 
Sasami's greatest work. Tenchi hurried to leave so he won't be late for 
school. Washu finished and went to her lab to finish up her little 
project to help Dennis. While Tenchi was out, the girls had to do some 
chores. Ryoko hated to do the laundry, but it turns out that today was 
her turn. So, she carried the heavy basket of clothes and starts to 
hang them outside. Dennis was walking around the house and notices 
Ryoko's struggle with the laundry.

Dennis: How's the laundry, Ryoko?

Ryoko: Not very well, thank you.

Dennis: Need any help?

Ryoko: Oh, please. The last thing that I want is help with the laundry. 

Dennis: What seems to be the trouble, Ryoko?

Ryoko: Nothing is wrong. I just hate laundry duty! Normally, it's 
Ayeka's turn, but she complains about this and that and it's beginning 
to be a pain!!

Dennis: So, what's the problem?

Ryoko:(sighs) Nevermind. I just had a rough night again.

Dennis: We all have rough nights. Yours can't be any rougher.

Ryoko: Believe me, you don't want to know.

Dennis: Well, I might as well head back to Washu and check on the 
progress.

Ryoko: Hold it!

Dennis: Huh?

Ryoko: You can help, if you like.

Dennis: Okay.

	Dennis helps put the clothes on the clothesline with Ryoko. As 
they continue to enjoy this, Ayeka watches on from her room.

Ayeka: What on earth is Ryoko doing? First, she was against Dennis to 
be with Washu and now she's having a good time with him with the 
laundry?! This doesn't make sense!

Sasami: What doesn't, Ayeka?

Ayeka: Oh!! Um....well,....the....(chuckles) Nothing, Sasami. Just 
nothing.

Sasami: Well, if there's nothing going on, then why is the window....

	Sasami looks out the window and sees Ryoko putting up the laundry 
with Dennis.

Sasami: That's a first. Ryoko's being happy about putting up the 
laundry.

Ayeka: That wasn't what I was looking at, Sasami.

Sasami: What are you talking about, Ayeka?

Ayeka: I was looking at Ryoko with the laundry and having Dennis with 
him. Remember that Dennis loves Washu, not Ryoko.

Sasami: Don't worry, Ayeka. Dennis was just passing by and sees Ryoko 
putting up clothes. The least he could do was to help her with them. 
(gasped) Don't tell me you were thinking that Dennis has fallen in love 
with Ryoko?

Ayeka: Of course not!! Washu and Dennis does seem like a good couple 
and all. But, Ryoko is another thing!

Sasami: Oh, okay. Boy, Ayeka. You gave me such a scare over something 
like that.

Ayeka: Sorry to do that, Sasami. I better help you with your chores.

	Ayeka closed her window and looks at the happy helpers go at it 
near the clothesline. Meanwhile, Tenchi gets off the bus and was 
walking towards the school. Without warning, a hand grabs his arm and 
pulls him behind some bushes, without anyone seeing them.

Tenchi: Hey, What the?!

Ms. Johnson: Shh.

Tenchi: It's you.

Ms. Johnson: Hello, Mr. Masaki. Any luck finding our murderer?

Tenchi: Uh, no. Not yet. But, I'll give you a call if I do see him. 

Ms. Johnson: How can you call me when the card that I gave you is gone?

Tenchi: What? 

Ms. Johnson: Don't play dumb with me, boy! That card of mine sensed a 
HellSpawn power. All I want from you is the location of it!

Tenchi: Why should I tell you? Even if I did seen him, I wouldn't tell 
a killer like you!

Ms. Johnson: I'm not going to play games here! I'm going to find him 
one way or the other. So, if you do see the HellSpawn again, tell him 
that tonight, his head will be cut off by my hands! Can you do that, 
Mr. Masaki?

Tenchi: I'm leaving!

	Tenchi turns away from her and leaves. He turned around to look 
at her again, but she disappeared without a trace. Tenchi begins to 
worry thinking that this person is on to him and Dennis's life might be 
in danger. He tries to continue the rest of day in school without any 
worries. Back at the Masaki's house, Washu exits out of her lab and 
wonders around thinking about some future experiments and all. While on 
the couch, a cheerful Ryoko passes her.

Washu: Well, hello, Ms. Sunshine! 

Ryoko: Oh. Hello. How are you doing?

Washu:(confused look) Huh? Are you feeling okay, Ryoko?

Ryoko: I'm okay. It's just that I had a splendid morning putting up the 
clothes with Dennis!

Washu: You did? Well, I'm surprised that he helped you. After what has 
happened over the last couple of days between you two, I wouldn't dream 
of hearing you two putting up the clothes and you being happy.

Ryoko: You wouldn't believe this. We ended up having a conversation 
that lasted longer than I thought. I would've finished my work hours 
ago. But, Dennis had to lend a helping hand.

Washu: That's true. If I know one thing about Dennis ever since his 
arrival here, I can tell deep within him that he is a person who can 
help people no matter what situation that might be. I guess that's one 
reason why I fell in love with him.

Ryoko: There should be more than one reason why you love him.

Washu:(chuckles) That and he liked my hair.

Ryoko: Oh.

	Moments later, Princess Ayeka walks in and sees the two sitting 
down.

Ayeka: Oh! Excuse me for interrupting your conversation.

Washu: Don't worry, Ayeka. You didn't interrupt anything. In fact, to 
let you know that Ryoko is in a happy mode.

Ayeka: I'm not surprised knowing that she was totally all over Dennis's 
body this morning.

Washu: WHAT?!?!

Ryoko: That's a lie!! You know darn well, Ayeka, that Tenchi belongs to 
me!!!

Ayeka: Oh, sure. You're just saying that because Miss Washu is here.

Washu: You had your hands on my Dennis?

Ryoko: Absolutely not! All I know is that we both laughed and giggled 
ourselves while putting up the laundry! Now, answer me on how can I put 
my hands on Dennis if my hands are tied up with the laundry?!

Washu: Yeah. Answer that, Ayeka?

Ayeka: Um,....well,....

Ryoko: Answer me this, Princess! How on earth did you know Dennis and I 
was outside?

Ayeka: Okay, okay!!! I'm sorry for spying on you!! It's just that, 
well, Dennis belonged to Miss Washu and I had to tell her about that 
situation anyway I can.

Ryoko:(smiles) Oh. I get it!

Ayeka: Get what?

Ryoko:(chuckles) You want Dennis, too.

Ayeka: You are a sick person, Miss Ryoko!!

Ryoko: I bet you were drooling when Dennis was putting up the clothes! 
Don't deny it, Princess!

	Ayeka turns completely red.

Ayeka: How dare you say things like that to me, you lowdown, good for 
nothing space pirate!!

Ryoko: I can say whatever I want, Princesss Drool!!

	Ayeka and Ryoko continued to have their fight and Washu was 
struck in between.

Washu:(thinking) These two will never stop fighting!

	Elsewhere, Dennis looks on at the open lake. With the wind 
blowing and the sun beaming down on him, it seems that he wishes that 
this day won't end. Ryo-Ohki appeared by his leg rubbing up and down.

Dennis: Oh. Hello. You seemed to be the quiet type, aren't you?

	Dennis looks on at Ryo-Ohki.

Dennis: Amazing. I've seen felines before, but you, my friend, take the 
cake. Your ears do amaze me, I give you that. Well, I guess you are 
wondering on why I'm out here, right?

	Ryo-Ohki shook her head.

Dennis: To be honest, I had to think on what will happen after today. 
Sometimes I wish I didn't take that crystal, knowing that this might 
happen. People may think that I'm cursed or something.(sighs) I don't 
care what the world thinks of me, Ryo-Ohki. I just want to live in a 
normal life with a family and have kids of my own. Boy. That's a future 
I was looking forward to. But, that turns out to be a blur when I took 
the crystal. I've been running all my life, escaping from a heaven 
hunter who stalks HellSpawns for a living. I never had the chance to 
explore the place I've been in because I've been running all my life. 
Well, this time I'm not running. It's time to face this hunter and beat 
it.

Sasami: Having fun with Ryo-Ohki, Dennis?

Dennis: Sasami. You surprised me. 

Sasami: Well, I didn't mean to interrupt your conversation with Ryo-
Ohki.

Dennis:(chuckles) It really wasn't a conversation. Ryo-Ohki just sit 
there in my hand and stared me down.

Sasami: Are you really going to face this person, Dennis?

Dennis: Yes. Sometimes I have doubts that I may not survive her 
attacks. 

Sasami: You can beat her, Dennis. She may have an advantage over you 
with skills and experience, but there's one thing that she doesn't have 
in her entire life.

Dennis: Which is?

Tsunami: Friends.

Dennis: Huh?

	Out of nowhere, a woman was floating above the lake in front of 
Dennis.

Dennis: Who are you?

Sasami:(giggles) It's the older me, remember?

Dennis: You mean Tsunami?

Tsunami: Yes. Listen to me, Dennis. Through those powers of yours lies 
a hidden warrior within. You have not unleashed it yet, but when the 
time comes, you will call forth it and it will aide you in your battle 
against this hunter.

Dennis: A hidden warrior? Within me?

Tsunami: Yes. I know that you have a kind heart, Dennis. But, this 
battle that awaits you, you will need more than kindness to win. 

Dennis: Like having friends?

Tsunami: Indeed. You won their trust by helping them. Now, when the 
battle starts, they will return that trust you gave them by helping 
you. 

Dennis: Whoa. You definitely made my day, Tsunami.

Tsunami:(chuckles) Remember that it takes more than power to beat your 
nemesis. Heart and Friendship is the key to victory. Farewell, young 
Dennis Mitchell.

	Soon, the person known as Tsunami fades away over the clear lake 
water.

Sasami: Ready to go home, Dennis?

Dennis: Yeah. Now, that I got my head on straight, I'm ready to do 
whatever it takes to beat her!

	Dennis, with high hopes in his mind, is ready to take care of 
business that he should've done a long time ago. As 4:00 was about 20 
minutes away, Tenchi hurries to get on the bus to reach home in time. 
The mysterious Ms. Johnson, now known as the Heaven huntress Angela, 
follows the bus on foot as it leads her to the location of not only 
Tenchi's home, but the whereabouts of the HellSpawn. Meanwhile, Dennis 
was heading to Washu's lab hoping that the idea of hers last night is 
up and running.

Dennis: Is the search seeker working?

Washu: As soon as Tenchi gets home from school, it will be operational.

Dennis: In that case, I better get into gear.

	Dennis concentrated on releasing his armor from inside of him. 
Soon, black spikes pop up and wraps Dennis up with it. It was covering 
his entire body as he was fully armed in HellSpawn armor.

Washu: My. You sure look great in that armor!

Dennis:(chuckles) Thanks, I think.

Washu: But, did you say that this woman can sense your powers if you 
reveal it?

Dennis: Yes. But, I have full confidence now thanks to Sasami and 
Tsunami.

Washu: Oh. You mean they talk you into this?

Dennis: Well,....not talk me into it, but they help understand that 
sometimes power isn't enough to stop your nemesis. Friendship is the 
only key to victory.

Washu:(smiles) Right. Tenchi and the rest of us including me are ready 
to help you anyway possible.

Dennis: Can you contact Kiyone and Mihoshi from here?

Washu: I believe I can. Why?

Dennis: Tell them to get back here and be ready for battle.

Washu: Right. What are you going to do?

Dennis: Until the time is right, I'll wait.

	Dennis stands by the doorway waiting for the time to battle. 4:00 
rolled by and Tenchi arrives back home. Once he walks in, he notices 
that there isn't anyone around him.

Tenchi:(thinking) Where is everyone?

Sasami: Tenchi!

Tenchi: Sasami? 

Sasami: I'm glad you arrive back home. 

Tenchi: Yeah. Me, too. Is Dennis still here?

Sasami: Yes. He's downstairs with Washu. What's the problem?

Tenchi: I believe he is about to expect company tonight.

	Sasami goes to Washu's lab and tells Dennis and Washu of Tenchi's 
arrival home. Dennis hurries to get upstairs and sees Tenchi by the 
door.

Dennis: Tenchi. I glad you're back safely.

Tenchi: Well, we seem to have a dilemma.

Dennis: What sort of dilemma, Tenchi?

Ryoko: Tenchi!

Tenchi: Huh?

Ryoko: Sorry, I'm late. I was worn out from working all day.

Tenchi: Listen, Ryoko. I need you to stay quiet for a second. This may 
concern you as well.

Ryoko: Why? What's going on?

Tenchi: That Angela person that you told me about, Dennis. Well, she 
told me this morning before school started that tonight will be your 
downfall.

Dennis: She said tonight? Figures.

Washu: But, what do you plan on doing when you face her?

Dennis: I don't know yet, but we need that machine of yours running, 
Little Washu.

Washu: I'm one step ahead of ya.

	Washu rushes off back into her lab so that she can start the 
search seeker machine.

Tenchi: Ryoko, I need you to do me a favor.

Ryoko:(cheerfull) Anything for you, Tenchi.

Tenchi:(raindrop over head) Go up on the roof and look for anything 
unusual.

Ryoko: Right.

	Ryoko headed upwards and disappeared through the ceiling.

Sasami: What can I do, Tenchi?

Tenchi: Stay with Dennis for now. I need to talk to Ayeka privately.

Sasami: Okay.

	Tenchi hurries off upstairs to go see Princess Ayeka.

Dennis: Let's stay in the living room, Sasami. Until everything is 
straighten out with everyone.

	Outside far from Tenchi's house, movement occurs in the forest. 
Nothing has come up on Washu's radar yet, but she is working on it. 
Kiyone and Mihoshi arrives back and Tenchi just saw them enter.

Tenchi: I'm glad you two are back. 

Kiyone: What's seem to be the problem? Washu just called us saying that 
Dennis needs us.

Tenchi: He's right. That hunter might be on her way here tonight.

Kiyone: What?!?!

Mihoshi: But, I don't want to die!!!!

Kiyone: You're not, Mihoshi!! 

Tenchi: Oh, boy!

	Movement from outside continues to occur as the gang inside the 
house move around and plan out a strategy for the upcoming battle.

Tenchi: Okay. Everyone needs to stay together when this starts.

Ayeka: Are you sure that this woman is coming here tonight?

Tenchi: I'm positive. She even said it to my face!

Dennis: I guess she knew about the card being disintergated by my 
hands, right?

Tenchi: Yeah. She was upset about that. 

Sasami: But, how can she attack Dennis if she doesn't know where he 
lives?

Dennis: If I know her, she will probably followed Tenchi's bus back 
here without him knowing.

Kiyone: That could be one reason.

Washu: It's the only reason.

Dennis: Well, at least I can face her now and not run away.

	Ryoko's head popped out from the ceiling.

Ryoko: Everyone, get outside!! We have a fire in the forest!

Tenchi: Oh, no! Hurry, everyone!

	The gang runs outside and sees the fire blazing up ahead. They 
hurried to get to it before it spreads throughout the entire forest. 
Once arriving, they tried their best to put out the fire before more 
started up. 

Tenchi: It's weird how a forest fire could get started way out here.

Dennis: But, my question is: How did it get started? Did you ever had 
forest fires before?

Ayeka: Come to think of it, we never ever had a forest fire before. 
This was a first.

Dennis: That's what I was afraid of!

	Then, laughter was heard all over the forest as the gang looks 
around them to find out who was laughing. Dennis knew who it was and 
looks upward to see a figure descend from the sky. Its the hunter that 
has been hunting him down ever since the HellSpawn powers has bestowed 
onto him. The Heaven huntress named Angela.

Angela: Well, it seems that you have fallen for my little trap. Setting 
up a forest fire was a brillant idea. Don't you agree?

Dennis: Angela. I knew it was you! Putting a forest on fire was the 
only thing you could do to drive me out.

Angela: Yes. If you have any humanity left within you, you can't turn 
down a forest fire.

Tenchi: Is that still Ms. Johnson, Dennis?

Dennis: No. She made that up in order to surpass on earth. So, that she 
can find me by being a officer or a dectective of the law. 

Angela: Hello, Mr. Masaki. I must say that you had me thinking that you 
didn't have the HellSpawn in your position. If he wasn't, you would 
have made me look like a fool.

Ryoko: You are a fool, lady!

Angela: What?! Who are you?!

Ryoko: Ryoko, the space pirate and I take it that you are this hunter 
that keeps hunting down Dennis.

Angela: Well, it appears that you told them your story, didn't you?

Ayeka: Yes, he did. He also said that you kill innocent people so that 
you can get Dennis!

Angela: That's right. Those people are just innocent bystanders, just 
like you! Dennis is a HellSpawn that must be stopped! He is the key to 
open Pandora's box and unleashing Armageddon upon the world!

Tenchi: You talk biblical stuff when you don't know for sure that 
Dennis is this key that you speak of!

Angela: Oh, I know he is. Heaven once spoke of a prophecy that states, 
"A warrior of mysterious power will lead Hell's army into the gates of 
Heaven and unleash the dogs of war. Then, he will cast upon thee his 
own will of power." I believe that this HellSpawn, you call Dennis, is 
this warrior that will lead this army into Heaven!

Ryoko: Ever since Dennis arrived here, he hasn't hurt anyone or 
anything that resembles that stupid prophecy!

Washu: Not only that, but he's a human being. You have to let him feel 
love once in awhile.

Angela: Love?! A HellSpawn does not feel love, it needs power!

Washu: But, this one doesn't! He had fallen in love before and I 
believe in him when he said that you killed his last love one without 
any regrets!

Angela: That's true. She would be alive, if Dennis surrendered.

Washu: I sincerely doubt that. If he did, you would've killed her 
anyway because she's a witness to this war you and Dennis have.

Angela: I have to admit, that was exactly what I was thinking of doing. 
But, why is his life important to you?

Washu: Because I love him!

Angela: What?! You can't love a HellSpawn!

Ryoko: Why not?! Is there a rule or something?

Angela: The only thing that I know is that a HellSpawn, no matter what 
form he is, cannot be with another woman. If that happens, a child will 
be in the whom of the other woman and the child will be the next step 
in this war between Heaven and Hell!

Ayeka: Goodness!

Tenchi: Uh, Dennis. You didn't do what I think you just did when you 
slept with Washu the first night, did you?

Dennis: Of course not! That was last thing that I was thinking of when 
I went to sleep.

Washu:(smiles) Well, it was the first thing on my mind.

Dennis: Huh?!

Washu: But, thanks to Ms. rainy cloud, I won't have that chance!

Tenchi: Oh, great.

Angela: Enough of this! It's time for you to die, HellSpawn!!

Dennis: The name is Dennis Mitchell!!!!

	Dennis unleashed his chains and sends them after Angela. Tenchi 
and the rest stayed together and not be seperated. Angela dodged them 
and goes into the woods.

Dennis: Blast it! I lost her!

Washu: Where is she?

Ryoko: I don't know, but I'm not going to stand around here doing 
nothing!

	Ryoko starts to fly upwards towards the night sky.

Dennis: Ryoko, don't!!

Ryoko: Don't worry. She won't get me up here.

Angela: Think again.

Ryoko: Huh?!

	Out of nowhere, Angela appears behind her and smashes her staff 
against Ryoko's back, sending her crashing into the ground near Tenchi 
and the rest.

Tenchi: Ryoko! Are you all right?!

Ryoko:(groans) I....feel....just....dandy, Tenchi.

	She begins to get up slowly.

Ryoko: That was just a cheap shot, that's all.

Angela: A cheap shot? Coming from a space pirate who gives out cheap 
shots as well!

Ryoko: Why, you....!!!

Dennis: Ryoko, stop! You're not in any condition to fight!

Ayeka: But, I am. 

	Ayeka uses her Jurai power to bring up a force field which is 
surrounding the group.

Angela: What type of power is this?!

Ayeka: For your infomation, Angela, this is Jurai power and I happen to 
be a Princess of Jurai who can harness this type of power.

Angela:(chuckles) I must admit, Dennis. You certainly came prepared to 
face me. But, it will take more than this to stop me!!!

	Angela lunged forward and her staff was able to break up the 
force field, making it disappear.

Ayeka: Impossible! How can she break Jurai power?!

Dennis: That I don't know, Princess Ayeka.

Angela: Now, who else wants to be a hero and stand up to me?

Tenchi: I am.

Dennis: Tenchi, don't.

Tenchi: I have to, Dennis. For your safety.

	Tenchi begins to show his power as well as he reveals his part of 
Jurai power. A mystical sword appears and is placed in Tenchi's hands.

Angela: Well, Mr. Masaki. I can tell that you came prepared.

Tenchi: If you want Dennis, you have to go through me.

Angela: That won't be a problem.

	Tenchi rushes to meet Angela head-on. Angela uses her staff as a 
sword replacement as she blocked Tenchi's attack. They go at it for 
awhile as Dennis was trying to figure out what he can do if he is next 
to face Angela. Soon, Angela knocked the sword out of Tenchi's hand and 
uses her power to blow Tenchi up against the tree.

Ayeka and Ryoko: Tenchi!!!

Dennis: No!!

Angela: I'm tired of these games. Get away from my prize!

	Angela uses her power to blew Washu, Sasami, Kiyone, and Mihoshi 
away from Dennis.

Angela: Now, let's get down to business.

Dennis: You won't get me, Angela! That I can promise you!!

Angela: Oh, please. Save the drama for your mama, okay? I'm not here to 
listen to your last heroic speech!

Dennis: Then, allow me to show you what I can do then!!

	Dennis, using speed, knocks Angela back a couple of feet. Then, 
he uses the chains to wrap her up and swing her around, releasing her 
into the deep forest.

Washu: Way to go, Dennis!! Wahoo!

Ayeka: She has to be beaten by now.

Dennis: No, she's not. Listen, you guys get out of here! She will harm 
you if you stand in her way again!

Tenchi: Not a chance! We will help you stop this woman whatever it 
takes!

Angela: You must be a priest, kid!!!!!

	Everyone sees a raging, angry huntress with grinding teeth 
showing and a mean look.

Angela: If you actually think that you can stop me from destroying this 
HellSpawn!!!!

Ryoko: Why don't you go back to Heaven and let it be?

	Ryoko charges at her, but Angela attacks Ryoko with fury punches 
and sending her into a tree which was separated by impact and lands on 
the fallen Ryoko.

Angela: I can't! Not until my job is done!! I shall not have you in my 
way of destiny!!!

	Angela was now using her powers to have the roots from 
underground rise up and wrap up Tenchi and the rest in it, separating 
them from Dennis.

Angela: Now, it's your turn.

	She send in her Heaven lasso which ties up Dennis to the ground. 
He couldn't much an inch from his position. It appears that he might be 
done for.

Angela: If you have any last pitiful words, HellSpawn, it would be wise 
to speak up now before your head is cut off!

Dennis:(thinking) I'm sorry, Tsunami. I don't know what I can do now at 
this situation. 

Angela: Well?

Dennis: I have nothing done wrong in my life. My whole entire life 
changed after finding that last artifact in that cave. Turns out that 
it contains the power of a HellSpawn. Even if I did know on how to use 
it, I wouldn't be using it to destroy the earth or heaven! My life was 
just perfect. The day I met Emily, my troubles were over. But, you had 
to stick your nose in my business. My life is completely over thanks to 
you! You killed the girl of my dreams and anyone who stand in your way! 
Well, I'm not going to stand for it anymore!!!

	The lasso on Dennis begins to loosen up.

Angela: Huh? What is going on?!

Washu: What's happening to Dennis?

Sasami: He's beginning to understand what Tsunami spoke of earlier. He 
has some hidden power within him. Now, he knows that its time to awaken 
that power to win this battle.

Dennis: You hunt me down no more, Angela!! Because I am what I am and 
there's nothing you can do about!!!
	
	Soon, Dennis was free from Angela's grasp.

Angela: This can't be?!?!

	Dennis was standing up with green aura surrounding him.

Angela: What is this power I'm sensing?!

Dennis: To you, it's power. But, to me, it's the power of friendship! 
That, my dear Angela, is something that you will never have in your 
miserable life!!

Angela: Why, you arrogant brat!!! 

Dennis: Enough!! Time to end this battle once and for all!! Say good-
bye, Angela!!! 

Angela: No, you can't!! NOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!

	Dennis releashed a big blast which was directly aimed at Angela. 
The blast destroyed the forest which was behind Angela and made the 
ground look like a crater area.

Tenchi: Dennis. You did it!

Dennis: Not yet.

	Once everyone was okay, Dennis led the group to where Angela was. 
She was badly damaged and was lying up against a broken tree.

Angela:(breathes hard) This can't be possible! I lost....to a.... 
HellSpawn?!

Ryoko: You sure did. Now, you have to go back to where you come from 
and tell them that you are finished.

Angela: I can't.

Tenchi: What do you mean?

Angela: Heaven can't allow failures. If I don't bring back the head of 
a HellSpawn, I will never be allowed back.

Ryoko: So? Why don't you take the punishment like a woman?

Dennis: Ryoko, please.

Angela: Perhaps, you're right. I can't live on with my life knowing 
that a HellSpawn defeated me.

Sasami: You look sad. You must not have any friends, do you?

Angela:(coughs) No, I don't. We warriors don't have friends. Only 
sisters and brothers.

Dennis: You mean there's more of you hunters?

Angela: Yes. They will send another one down and hunt you down till the 
end of time.

Tenchi: Man. 

Angela:(weak chuckle) You thought you won this when you actually just 
added more misery to your useless life.

Dennis: Well, you tell them this. I won't be running away from you at 
all. Because if I face them, I won't be alone because I have friends 
who care and love me. Tell them that is something they can never have.

	After that said, Angela breathe her last breath and disappeared, 
heading back to Heaven. With news of more hunters to come, Dennis is 
now in the process of what he's going to do in his life. But, that 
would have to wait until everything was back to normal at the Masaki's 
household. Once the gang got the place cleaned up after their battle 
with Angela, they all deserve a good nights rest. Dennis went back to 
Washu's lab and head for bed as well. Before he could, Washu stopped 
him.

Washu: I forgot to tell you, Dennis. That I haven't found any remedy 
for this curse of yours.

Dennis: You haven't? Well, I can't blame you. This is something that 
not even science can figure out.

Washu: Perhaps. But, at least we tried, right?

Dennis: Yeah. I don't want to be rude, Little Washu, but I need some 
rest before tomorrow morning.

	Dennis wasted no time heading to bed and fall asleep. Washu looks 
on and smiles.

Washu:(thinking) Go ahead, Dennis. You've earned the rest. I believe 
that tonight was the night you were reborn again.

	Minutes later, Washu joined him as everyone was now sleeping the 
night away. Morning came and everyone was up except for Dennis. Tenchi 
figures that Dennis might be leaving so he plans to have a good morning 
breakfast with him one last time before departure. Once everything was 
in place, Washu heads downstairs and plans on waking Dennis.

Washu: Dennis. Wake up.

Dennis:(groans) Give me....4 more minutes, dear.

Washu: Not this time, bub. Get up.

Dennis: All right, you got me. I'm up.

	Dennis hurried to get his clothes on since Washu was simply 
dragging him to come on upstairs. Once they did, everyone surprised 
Dennis as they are having a surprise breakfast party for Dennis.

Dennis: Aw, guys. You shouldn't have.

Tenchi: We kind of thought about this after you went to sleep. We had a 
feeling that you might be leaving so we planned on having breakfast 
with you one last time.

Dennis: Really?

Ayeka: Yes. We just want to make sure that you have something in you 
stomach when you leave.

Dennis: Thanks, you guys. I really appreciate this.

	Dennis sat down with the gang and ate Sasami's wonderful 
breakfast. They talked and laughed while the breakfast kept on coming. 
After they finished breakfast, Dennis helped Sasami with the dishes, as 
a final helping duty before he leaves. Later that day, Dennis was 
putting on his coat and putting his stuff inside his sack bag that he 
carries with him. Tenchi and the girls all stand outside waiting for 
him. Dennis was exiting Washu's lab and looks around the house one last 
time before he left. He knows that he will miss this place and the 
wonderful times he had in them. He heads for the front door, opens and 
closes it behind him and sees the gang waiting for him. Dennis doesn't 
want to do this, but these are his friends and he wouldn't turn them 
down for anything in the world.

Tenchi: Got everything?

Dennis: Yeah. I just wish I can stay a little longer, but I can't. 

Tenchi: I understand. You just don't want us to get in your way.

Dennis: That and I don't want to see anyone die.

Tenchi: Right. So, I guess it's time say good-bye, right?

Dennis: Right. To be honest, I've never said good-bye to anyone in my 
life. This is a first time for me.

Tenchi: And how do you feel?

Dennis: Everything from sad to upset, but here goes.

	Dennis heads for Kiyone and Mihoshi, who is crying up a river 
next to Kiyone.

Dennis: Kiyone and Mihoshi, I would like to thank you for your 
assistance in that battle last night. 

Kiyone: No problem. We Galaxy Police officers never turn down a fight.

Dennis: I see. Keep up the good work at Galaxy Police and do me one 
favor, will ya?

Kiyone: Sure. What is it?

Dennis: If someone gives you two a hard time, just knock them up 
against the head for me, will ya?

Kiyone: Sure! Will do! Hitting people is my specialty!

Dennis: I'm sure it is.

	Next, Dennis moves on to Ryoko the space pirate.

Dennis: Ryoko?

Ryoko: Don't expect me to go all mushy because I won't!

Dennis: Oh. Okay.

Ryoko: Wait. 

Dennis: Huh?

Ryoko: You take care of yourself, okay?

Dennis: I will. Thank you for your help and all.

Ryoko: It wasn't nothing. I knew you could take that woman down!

Dennis: But, you helped as well. Don't forget that. You take care of 
yourself, okay?

Ryoko: Right. I'll miss you.

	Dennis moves on to Ayeka, Princess of Jurai.

Ayeka: These flowers are for you.

Dennis: Thank you! These are lovely. I'm sure I'll have a special place 
to put them whenever I get a chance.

Ayeka: You won't forget us, will you?

Dennis: Certainly not. I will never forget friends like you!

Ayeka: Well, that's a relief.

Dennis: I do know one thing, Pricess Ayeka.

Ayeka: Oh? What is that?

Dennis: I recall from reading a known book stating that a Princess is a 
person who won't let her friends get hurt. A Princess is nice, kind, 
sweet, gentle, and lovable.  A Princess is a person who watch over 
people that she cares so much for. You, Princess Ayeka, matches that 
description.

	Ayeka begins to tear up.

Ayeka: Oh, Dennis. That is so sweet of you!

	After Ayeka hugged Dennis, he went on to Ayeka's sister, Sasami.

Dennis: I will never forget you, Sasami. 

Sasami: Nor my cooking, right?

Dennis: Uh....well,....yeah, that too. Oh. Do me favor. Tell Tsunami 
that I said thank you for her words of wisdom yesterday. She helped me 
out the most.

Sasami: I believe she knows, Dennis and is saying your welcome.

Dennis: Sasami, you are going to look great when you get older.

Sasami: I know. I can't wait.

	As Dennis was about to leave, he forgot the one woman that he 
fell in love with, Little Washu, who was standing in the pathway 
leading to the open road.

Washu: Don't forget about me, darling!

Dennis: I won't. I will never forget you. 

Washu:(sighs) So, this is it? You're leaving?

Dennis: I have to. If I stay any longer, I'll put your life and 
everyone else's in jeopardy! It's too risky for me to stay. 

Washu: But, don't you still love me?

Dennis: I do. I will never ever forget our love. If you still love me, 
then continue to love me even though I'm far away. I'll never forget 
the love we shared that night together.

Washu: What about the time in the sauna?

Dennis:(blushes) Well, that is the second thing that I'll never forget. 

Washu: Is there anything I can do?

Dennis: There is. You remember that search seeker device of yours?

Washu: Yes?

Dennis: Keep that up and running as long as possible because if you see 
a unusual thing on screen, it might be me.

Washu: I'll do that just for you, Dennis.

Dennis: I got to get going. Take care of Tenchi and the rest, okay? 
I'll always love you, Little Washu.

Washu: And I'll always love you,(smiles) HellSpawn.

	Then, Dennis and Washu both embraced in front of the gang. Washu 
was crying at the time knowing that she doesn't want him to go. But, he 
has to, if he is to protect the people that he cares for and the woman 
that he loves so much. Dennis picks up his gear and moves on to the 
open road leading to whatever the path will lead him. As he looks back 
at Tenchi's house from afar, he knows that this place is home to him 
now that he has what he never had in his life: Friendship and Love.







THE END
