	No Need for a Goddess

	
	A Tenchi Muyo Ah My Goddess Fan Fiction

<All the characters are copywritten by another company and I don't
intend on making any money with this venture so don't sue me!>

	Michael Langley


	Tenchi Masaki looked up from his ivory throne.  The long Jurian robes
flowed from his now six-foot tall figure.  Young Tenchi Masaki had grown
up; the once quiet shy young boy had now grown into a proud young man. 
Four years, four years since the ordeal with Kagato, the pretender, and
four years since Tenchi, Prince Tenchi, had reclaimed the throne of
Jurai.  The once 17 year-old had grown, his proud figure stood taller
now, much taller, his shoulder's wider, and his hair was worn long in a
tail, as was in style with the Jurian people.  Tenchi the young ruler of
Jurai missed earth.  With constant tutoring from the greatest scientific
genius of the galaxy Washu, Tenchi had grown in mind as well as body. 
His long black hair now resembled his grandfather's Katsuhito, or Yosho,
as he was known in the Jurian culture.  At his side always laid his
trusty blade, the sword Tenchi.  Next to the large beige thrown of the
Prince were two other thrones, one that was almost an exact replica, yet
smaller, as if made for a young little girl.  The other sat the Princess
Aeka who now presided as regent since Tenchi is not yet able to fully
accept his Empire, from his dear great aunt.  Tenchi rose from his
chair, calling the attention to everyone in the court.  His fingers
glided on the finely polished arm of his throne as he spoke, with a now
deeper, yet still semi-childish voice he had always spoken with.
	
	"Princess Aeka, I will be leaving Jurai soon."  He said, almost
murmuring.
	"For where my dear Prince Tenchi?" She replied her voice laced with
concern.  Her long purple hair running down her back, flowing like her
long robes.  
	"I am returning to earth," He said with a gasp from each of the court
attendants.
	"May I ask why?" Asked Aeka, her voice shrouded in anxiety.  
	"In three days, I will be twenty one years in earth time correct?"
	"Yes milord,"
	"And I wish to spend my twenty first birthday on the planet earth."
	"As you wish milord." Said Aeka.
	"I also with to continue my education there, and I wish you to remain
here as regent of the Jurian Empire."  Aeka's concern turned to sorrow
as she realized her responsibility to her people overweighed her heart.  
	"Then go, prince, and be happy."
	"I wish for you to accompany me," Said Tenchi as he placed his hand on
Aeka's.
	"I'm afraid I cannot, there are pressing engagements I must attend to
here,"
	"Then be well, Aeka," He released her hand, as his steps echoed as he
left the throne room.  Along the halls of the great palace, were
tapestries, each showing the former emperors of Jurai.  Then at the end
was Tenchi's tapestry.  The silken impression was unfinished, and Tenchi
stared at it.  The weaving showed Jurai, and Tenchi looming over it.  A
humbling sight indeed, for each thread was laced in gold, each stitch,
carefully made.  Tenchi broke the trance as the pitter-patter of little
feet jarred him to attention.  Tenchi spun around and scooped up the
little girl that ran towards him.  Raising her to his shoulders he held
her.
	"Daddy, can I come with you to Earth?" Asked the little girl in
Tenchi's arms.
	"Of course you can Maiyuka," Replied Tenchi, a wide smile expression on
his face.
	"Daddy, when you go to school again, can I come with you?"  Asked
Maiyuka, her short black hair, waving in the light breeze.  It had been
three years, three wonderful years that Maiyuka the little girl that was
cloned from Tenchi's DNA had been with her father.  Tenchi openly
accepted Maiyuka as his daughter although Sasami did most of the caring
for her.  Sasami had to grown up; the once 12 year old was now nearing
17 in earth years.  The once cute little girl was now, a beautiful young
maiden.  None of the girls had really changed, each had their affection
for Tenchi, they hid it more now, trying to bide their time so they
could finally win Tenchi's heart.  Tenchi however stayed aloof, not
showing particular favor to anyone of the girls.  
	"Maiyuka, I want you to stay with auntie Sasami, while I'm at school
okay."
	"Can I visit?"
	"Of course you can, but only during holidays okay?"
	"Okay Daddy!" Said Maiyuka, contented.  Tenchi kissed his little
daughter, as he carried her to the long boarding corridor.  The large,
Yagami, was now a relic of the past.  The most famous ship in the galaxy
it was amazing it was still operational.  The two female figures that
approached from the large red cargo doors saluted Tenchi and the little
princess.  
	
	"Colonel Sargent Kiyone, and Sargent Mihoshi reporting for duty!" 
Maiyuka raised her hand to her head as she imitated the two Galaxy
police operatives.  Mihoshi laughed as Kiyone stifled one herself.  
	"At ease," Said Tenchi, as he lowered Maiyuka down.  "Are we ready for
departure?"  
	"You're not leaving without us!" Came the ever-familiar voice of
Ryoko.  Tenchi and watched as Ryoko, wearing her usual outfit came
strutting down the corridor with a wide smile.  At her side was young
Sasami, in her Jurian robes.  Her long blue hair, like silk, flowed from
her.  As the gang boarded the Yagami, their cargo was being transported
in the Yagami's cargo hold.  Each passenger took their seats as the
engines roared with the fury of the fires of hell and the large red
vessel departed from the Jurai homeward.  The inside of the Yagami had
changed very little since they were last here.  The large long
corridors, the cargo hold was now vacant of their home, which had been
moved there for cretin purposes.  Tenchi and Maiyuka sat together; the
ship glided quickly without event.  The engines hummed as the Yagami
reached light-speed.  The stars flew by like thousands of energetic
fireflies, each leaving a long trail of bright energy.  Maiyuka hugged
Tenchi, she loved him more than anything in the world, and he had always
been there for her.  Kiyone was at the controls, gliding the ship
masterfully, and Mihoshi of course was sleeping, as usual.  The two had
not changed a bit, Kiyone had the same "big sister" attitude and
Mihoshi, was the same Mihoshi everyone knew and loved.  The trip had
gone by so quickly.  Before anyone knew it Kiyone was ordering the
passengers for landing preparations.  Tenchi held Maiyuka tightly as
Kiyone took the Yagami down slowly into the lake outside their house. 
As Tenchi exited the large craft he was showered with welcomes from his
Dad and Granddad.  Tenchi hugged them warmly.  It was now Tenchi's
birthday.  The trip had lasted 3 days yet since they were traveling
faster than the speed of light the trip only seemed to last several
hours.  The time distortion factor had allowed an easier trip.  Tenchi
was lead into the house.  Sasami cooked up some Darjeeling Tea and they
all had a cup.  Tenchi inhaled the sweet aroma as he finished his cup. 
Maiyuka was somewhat hesitant to drink the sweet smelling tea.  
	"Daddy, do I have to drink the tea?" She asked with wide eyes.
	"Of course not!" Replied Tenchi his face smiling, "You don't have to
drink it if you don't want to."
	"Alright!"  Said Maiyuka as the little three year-old bounded out into
the sunny daylight.  
	"Tenchi," said grandfather softly, "We all have presents for you,"
	"Thank you Grandfather, but when do I start school, and where?"
	"Well you see Tenchi," Said Grandfather, "My present to you is
enrollment in the prestigious Nekomi Institute of Technology!"
	"Thank you! Thank you Grandpa! You always knew I wanted to go to Nekomi
Tech! I'm so happy!"
	"Tenchi I have to show your present in the garage."  Said Noboyuki with
a wink.  Tenchi bounded from his seat and followed his father.  The rest
of the gang trailing behind him.
	"YAHOOOOO!" Came the voice of Tenchi as he laid his eyes on the brand
new, Honda custom Made motorcycle.  
	"Thank you thank you thank you thank you!" Tenchi went all about the
bike inspecting it admiring it.  On it's silvery chrome side were the
characters, "Achika."
	"Dad," Tenchi said softly.
	"Yes son, she will serve you well."  Tenchi smiled as he rose from the
bike.  Next to it was a helmet; made custom for the bike it matched the
colors perfectly.  The silver blue motorcycle shined in the dim light of
the garage, almost illuminating the room.  The rest of the gang stood in
awe except for Maiyuka who hugged her dad.  
	"Tenchi here are your other presents," Sasami's voice was cheerful and
happy.  In her hand laid her gold threaded hair ribbon.  
	"Thank you Sasami," Tenchi lifted the golden silk and tied it around
his wrist.  
	"May it bring you good luck Tenchi!" said Sasami as she kissed him
lightly on the cheek.  Ryoko opened her hands to reveal a golden heart
pendant.  Tenchi opened it, to see a small picture.  The picture was a
split in two, on one side Aeka, and the other was Ryoko.  Tenchi hugged
his friend hard as he accepted the gift.
	"Aeka, <sniffle> and I bought it for you so we would always be close to
your heart.  Oh yeah, my mom Washu told me to give this to you."  Ryoko
pulled out a small envelope and placed it into Tenchi's hand.  Tenchi
opened it carefully; he pulled out a small credit card as well as a slip
of paper.  He read the paper aloud, 
	"Happy Birthday Tenchi, This is an account of about nine hundred
billion yen, enjoy!  -Washu" Tenchi smiled, and pocketed the credit
card.  
	"Well Tenchi, your trip to Nekomi will be a long one so you'd better
pack your stuff."  Grandfather, patted Tenchi on the back.
	"Daddy! I haven't given you my present yet!" Said Maiyuka as she held
out a little picture.  The little picture was a small Polaroid of
Maiyuka.  
	"Now you can see me anytime daddy!" she said as Maiyuka gave him a kiss
on the cheek.  Tenchi gathered his things together and retired to his
room.  Sasami went into the kitchen and began cooking up a storm.  She
would make Tenchi's last breakfast here the best he had ever had. 
Ryoko, went to her room, and relaxed.  She had tried to take Tenchi's
leaving the best she could.  But she was still uncomfortable with the
idea of Tenchi leaving the house.  She thought of the new life Tenchi
would have, and smiled.  She could visit him during holidays, but Ryoko
would still miss him day to day.  She shut her eyes, sleep and fatigue
slowly shrouded her mind as she drifted into sleep.  
	
	The night sky gave way for the morning dew as the little Ryo-Ohki gave
his early morning cry.  The Masaki home was an eruption of excitement as
Tenchi prepared for the last day he would spend with his family in a
long time.  Tenchi had his hair cut, back to the usual look, but his
tail was now much longer.  Dressed in his casual clothes, he prepared
for the long flight to Nekomi.  Everyone was waiting there save Aeka. 
Tenchi waved goodbye as he turned the ignition on the Achika and the
twin engines roared to life.  He sped from his temple home, from his old
life.  

The Achika had been stored in the cargo hold of the plane.  Tenchi
watched as the plane taxied to the runway.  The insides of the large
Boeing 747 were filled with busy Japanese businessmen.  Tenchi sat by
himself on a window seat.  As the plane reached takeoff speed Tenchi
listened to a short recording of a Jurian song.  With the sad song
playing in a continuous loop the old melody slowly lulled Tenchi to
sleep.   


The young stewardess gently awaked Tenchi.  She shook him gently as she
motioned towards the seat-belt symbol.  Tenchi quickly buckled his
seatbelt and turned off the small tape player.  The plane was
descending, he looked out the window, Nekomi was a semi-large city, not
like Tokyo but large nonetheless.  The plane came to a halt in the small
airport just outside the city limits.  The airport was filled with the
bustle of people.  Tenchi navigated though the area; he picked up the
small amount of luggage that wasn't sent via some big shipping company. 
Tenchi reported to the cargo hold and pulled out the Achika.  With the
only bags he brought on his back he sped of into the city.  By now the
day had turned to night and Tenchi drove through the dark streets of the
city.  Tenchi skidded throughout the streets, trying to find the Nekomi
Tech Men's Dorm.  A scream echoed in his ears as he stopped the Achika
and dismounted.  

	Megumi felt the cold hand against her face.  She had let out a scream
but the man was too fast.  She could feel the cold barrel of a gun
pressed against the side of her head.  
	"Don't scream again bitch, I don't mind raping a dead girl," The man's
voice was cold, stern, evil.  Tenchi turned the corner just as he saw
the man trying to unbutton the girl's shirt.  Tenchi ran into action as
the man began to stick his hand up her shirt.  Tenchi's foot found its
mark square on the man's back.  The man yelped as Tenchi grabbed the arm
of the girl.  He pushed her onto the motorcycle and hopped onto the
back.  The girl started up the bike and sped off.  The rapist turned and
fired.  The shot echoed through the quiet streets.  Megumi steered the
bike past the alleys and streets.  She felt the man behind her yell and
fall forward.  She could feel his heartbeat on her back, and the warm
blood that oozed from the wound in his chest.  She could hear each
droplet splatter on the cold silver design on the bike.  She sped up
hoping not to get caught by a traffic officer.  She turned the corner as
she entered the Chiba prefecture.

	Keiichi was playing chess with Skuld and loosing when he heard the
unmistakable rumble of a motorcycle.  He got up excitedly.
	"Hey! That's the sound of a twin engine 790 Honda custom!"  He rushed
outside to find Megumi dragging a young man from the bike.
	"Megumi!? What happened!?"
	"Keiichi! He's shot we gotta bandage him up!"  The two brought Tenchi
into the living room, he was bleeding and the blood made stains on the
natural wood floor.  The three goddesses looked over him.
	"He's not doing to well," Said Belldandy as she shook her head.
	"Belldandy why don't you just heal him with your powers?" Asked Megumi,
as everyone piped up to attention.
	"What did you say Megumi?!" Asked Keiichi incredulously.  
	"I'm not stupid! I know the whole story, Belldandy the goddess and her
two other sisters the Norn of the past and future!"
	"Okay Megumi, I'll try and heal him."  Belldandy raised her hands up to
the sky.  Her hands began glowing with the brightness of a thousand
suns.  She brought her glowing hands down on the wound and as the blood
stained opening was engulfed with the holy light it immediately began to
seal up.  As if the skin were re-growing at an alarming rate the skin
regenerated then sealed back up.  Soon all that was left of the bullet
wound was the blood that had exited the wound already.  Megumi plunged
her hands into his pockets, and pulled out a wallet.
	"Megumi what are you doing!?" Asked Skuld resentfully.	
	"I'm looking for ID so we can find his folks and tell them!"
	"Well what did you find?" Asked Keiichi hastily.  
	"He's um, a, a Tenchi Masaki, um he just had a birthday.  Man what a
way to spend the day after your birthday.  Looks like he just turned
21."
	"Well where does he live?"
	"Hey! What's this?" Asked Megumi as she freed the little photograph
from its slot.  
	"It's a picture, of a little girl?" said Urd with surprise.
	"Why is a guy that old have a picture of a little girl,"
	"Well you don't carry pictures of your sister in your wallets." Said
Keiichi.
	"Here, Belldandy help me move him into one of the spare rooms."
	"Okay Megumi."  The two made a stretcher for him as the moved him into
a vacant room.  They rolled out a mattress and laid him on it.
	"How exactly did you meet this guy Megumi?" Asked Keiichi.
	"Well I was being attacked,"
	"ATTACKED?" asked everyone simultaneously.  
	"This bum with a gun tried to rape me,"
	"RAPE YOU?" They interrupted again.
	"Then out of nowhere this Tenchi guy rescues me and as we try and get
away on his bike the rapist shoots him!"
	"Well he's lucky to be alive."  Said Skuld as she looked at the picture
of the little girl.  
	"Come on Skuld!" Said Belldandy impatiently, "Let's get all this mess
cleaned up.

	It has been an exciting Saturday.  First we get an unexpected guest who
had rescued my sister from a potential rape incident.  Then we learn
that Megumi has known about Belldandy for a long time now.  Well now the
day is ending and I probably should get some sleep.  

	I woke up early, the sharp pain in my chest reminded me of what had
happened.  The last thing I remember was collapsing over the girl I had
just saved.  She was beautiful, her hair was cut short, and silky.  She
was close to being raped and I just couldn't stand there and do
nothing.  Well I guess it's in my Jurian blood.  I opened my eyes
slowly, taking in my new surroundings.  The girl was there, looking at
the small photo my daughter had given me.  
	
	"Her name is Maiyuka," Came a voice.  Megumi snapped to attention and
looked at the man who lay in front of her.  He was handsome, his long
hair, ruffled and disorderly, like Keiichi's.  
	"I can't thank you enough for saving me," 
	"Just give me back my photo." He said gruffly.  Megumi handed the photo
back to him and got up.  He kissed it and placed it back into his
pocket.  
	"Who is she?" She asked as Tenchi got up painfully.
	"I'm Tenchi Masaki," He said changing the subject, "And you are?"
	"Megumi Morisato."

Megumi Morisato, a beautiful woman, but a bit nosey.  A young man walked
into the room.  He was short, much shorter than I was.  I wondered,
	"I she your girlfriend?"
	"NO WAY!" The guy said, "I'm Megumi's brother, Keiichi, and this is my
girlfriend Belldandy and her sisters Skuld, and Urd."  I looked at each,
Belldandy was like an angel, angelically beautiful and serene.  Tenchi
smiled as she saw little Skuld, the pretty little girl reminded him of
Maiyuka, and her long hair and cowlick were like her other sisters.  Now
Urd, was something else, she was knockout gorgeous.  Her feminine figure
would leave any man howling like an animal.  Thankfully I was able to
control myself.  

	"So Tenchi," Asked little Skuld, "Who is the girl in the picture?"  
	"Um, er, I probably should get to the men's dorm." Said Tenchi changing
the subject quickly.
	"The Nekomi Tech Men's Dorm?" Asked Megumi.
	"Yeah, I'm starting there on Monday," 
	"Wow!"  said Keiichi in surprise "We all go to Nekomi Tech too?"
	"Well I guess then we'll be class-mates."
	"Tenchi, where did you get that motorcycle?"
	"Oh that!  My father gave it to me for my 21st birthday."
	"And what does "Achika" Mean?" Asked Urd pryingly.
	"Well that's my mother's name." Said Tenchi as his voice seemed to be
laced in sorrow.  "She died when I was very young."  
	"I'm sorry," said Megumi.  Tenchi pulled down his sleeve to check the
time, then he looked up at them again.
	"Did any of you take the little gold ribbon that was tied to my wrist?"
	"Oh here," said Skuld as she unlaced it from her hair.  She placed the
little golden strip into his hand.  
	"Thank you, It was a gift from a dear friend." Replied Tenchi.  Keiichi
placed the golden locket into Tenchi's hand.
	"What's that?" asked Skuld childishly.
	"That," Said Tenchi "is a reminder of my old life,"  Suddenly a loud
beeping filled the quiet room.  Skuld looked at her little wrist
monitor.
	"IT'S THE ALARM!" she cried as all Keiichi and the other two goddesses
sprang into action.  Keiichi brought Megumi, into Tenchi's room.  
	"What's going on?" Asked Tenchi, confused.
	"Mara's here, she's a demon," Said Megumi calmly.
	"A demon?"  Tenchi thought back to the third tale of the fyui jui
mandokatori, the tale of the triangular relationship between a warrior a
princess and a demon.  He smiled.  
	"Well I'd better go help them," he said getting up.  
	"WHAT!?" said Megumi, "ARE YOU CRAZY!?"
	"Trust me Megumi, I can take care of myself," Said Tenchi as he darted
out the door.
	Mara darted between all the force balls that the three goddesses could
dish out.  Between the Skuld bombs, and away from any earth-spells that
Urd's limited license would allow.  Tenchi ran over to Keiichi, who
stood defiantly next to Belldandy.
	"What's going on?" he asked.
	"Tenchi?!, what are you doing here?" he asked blankly.
"Wow, so it seems that the three Norns can handle themselves in combat
eh?"
	"How did you know that?!" Asked Belldandy and Keiichi.
	"I studied a lot of cultures and know many of the myths.  So I can tell
a goddess when I see one."
	"That's hard to believe." Said Urd between force-balls.  The goddesses
were exhausted, the force balls didn't even get close.  Mara's voice
rang out like laughter,
	"I didn't come here to fight with you divine stooges, I'm here for that
kid!"  Tenchi stepped forward, his fists raised.
	"You want me, come and get me," He threatened.
	"It's not I who wants you, it's him," Said Mara as she pointed to the
young man floating several feet away.  Tenchi gasped.
	"Long time no see Tenchi, so how are you liking my throne? Eh?" 
Kagato's voice echoed loudly, as if amplified by an evil aura.
	"I killed you!" Tenchi said as he reached out as if to summon
something.  A sword hilt appeared in his hand.  It was the color of
wood, but had purple outcroppings at the top and bottom of the hilt.  
	"Well, that's true, you did kill Kagato, but you have yet to kill me,
Avitar, demon 1st class, unrestricted license."
	"Well enough with the chitchat," said Mara as she unleashed a force
ball at Tenchi.  Tenchi raised his arms up defiantly as if to make a
shield.
	"What the hell is he doing!?" screamed Urd as the force ball came
rocketing towards him.  The force ball seemed to deflect off of him and
smash into a nearby cherry tree.  
	"How?" Asked Mara stunned.
	"No time to waste!" Said Avitar as he grabbed her arm.  Three
force-balls flew through the air where Mara was floating.  
	Tenchi, bounded after the two demons like a madman.  The three
goddesses were about to chase after him when Tenchi stopped them.
	"No, It's my problem, and I'll handle it."  He darted after them,
weaving and leaping out of the way of the numerous force balls that were
hurled at him.  Avitar flew high above him as Tenchi leapt into a tree
and bounded onto the roof of the temple.  The hilt in Tenchi's hand
illuminated as a beam of energy flowed from it.  Belldandy watched as
Tenchi leaped inhumanly high into the air brought and odd energy blade
down on his victim.  Avitar ducked out of the way but the blade singed
the long dark green hair on his head.  Tenchi landed into a tall tree
and spun around again.  With another jump he brought the blade down into
Avitar's shoulder.  Avitar grabbed Tenchi as the demon came crashing to
the earth.  Avitar and Tenchi struck the ground hard with a thud.  The
trio of goddesses and the demoness all ran towards the crash site.  The
four found Tenchi and Avitar locked in combat once again.  Tenchi's face
was bruised and his lip bleeding, but Avitar had suffered worse
ailments.  His arm was still bleeding profusely from the blade gash. 
Tenchi lunged with his sword as Avitar deflected it with an energy sword
of his own.  Tenchi leapt into the air and brought the blade down in a
sharp arch.  The clashing of the energy blade's created a great deal of
heat as the two beams crashed together.  
	"GETTEM' TENCHI!" Yelled Skuld as Tenchi lunged once more.  Not
noticing that Avitar was slowly backing up next to her, while fighting. 
Tenchi was about to lunge again when Avitar quickly grabbed Skuld, using
her as a shield she held the energy blade close to her face.  Belldandy
gasped in terror as Avitar, brought the blade to an almost touching
angle on Skuld's throat.  Tenchi halted immediately, as Avitar laughed.
	"Ha, you can't risk her life can you Tenchi,"
"You haven't changed a bit Kagato," Tenchi barked "You'll do what ever
necessary to win."
	"Well, Tenchi, you won't even try to save her life,"
	"Well Kagato, as you learned the ways of the Dark Power, I've learned
the ways of the Light Power."  Tenchi raised his hands and they began to
glow with a blue aura.  Tenchi clenched his fist and punched, his fist
stopped a centimeter in front of Skuld's head but the energy slammed
into Avitar's chest.  The demon flew back several paces as Tenchi placed
Skuld to one side.  Tenchi advanced towards Avitar, when a force ball
hit him square in the back.  Tenchi yelled as the ball engulfed him in
white fire.  Mara pulled Avitar away as they disappeared.  
	I pulled myself up, the burning on my back was excruciating, I was
limping, and Keiichi walked over to me and supported me.  I smiled,
Skuld was okay, and I was going to be fine.  Thankfully, I had studied
under Yoshida, the leader of the Jurai Knights on Jurian spells and
techniques.  Well, it looks like the secret's out and their all gonna
want to know what just happened.  Oh well, honesty's the best policy! 
Tenchi 
	"Tenchi," Asked Belldandy, gently, "Thank you for saving my little
sister,"  Skuld hugged Tenchi tightly and thanked him.  Urd just rubbed
her head, until she finally stuttered out a thank you.  Tenchi shook
Keiichi's hand and the two walked together towards the house.  
	When they had left, Belldandy looked at her two sisters,
	"Kami-sama will implode when he hears about this," Said Skuld, worry
building within her.  The three goddesses nodded as they followed in
after the boys.  Skuld watched as Megumi and Keiichi wrapped the layer
of bandage over Tenchi's wound.  
	"Tenchi, how did you do that stuff out there?" asked Keiichi.  
	"I was born with certain abilities," Said Tenchi, hiding the truth.  
	"He's lying," whispered Skuld to Urd.  
	"Something is preventing me for scanning him," Whispered Urd back.   
	"Um, Tenchi, er could I, um," stuttered Keiichi, "Borrow my bike,"
replied Tenchi finishing for him.
	"Uh yeah," said Keiichi.
	"Sure, Keiichi, here, tie this to the handlebar," Tenchi tossed him the
ribbon that Sasami had given him.  And then passed him the keys.
	"Thanks," Said Keiichi as he bounded off into the garage.   The
remaining five could hear the engine of the bike start up and speed
off.  Belldandy smiled.  Tenchi took another sip of the Darjeeling Tea
that Belldandy had made for him, he liked the three goddesses and was
beginning to notice, how attractive Megumi was too.  Megumi smiled as
she drank down her mineral water.  Skuld smiled at Tenchi, as he
finished his tea.  Tenchi, got up, and looked around, the little temple
was nice, like his parent's had described the Masaki Shrine before
Noboyuki renovated it.  Megumi, looked at Tenchi, he was handsome, the
light made his eyes shimmer like jewels.  He had a sort of charisma that
was likable.  The phone rang, the bell-like ringing echoed through the
house once before Skuld rushed to get the phone.  
	"It is I," said the ominous male voice of Kami-sama.  Skuld gulped as
she listened.
	"The man who you have in your house, has strange qualities."  Skuld
turned to look at Tenchi, who was talking with Megumi.  
	"I want you three to look after him, and make sure that nothing befalls
him, is that understood?" 
	"Yes lord," replied Skuld nervously.  She hung up the phone gingerly as
her sisters looked at her.  
	"It was him," She said "He said we have to watch out for Tenchi just in
case something else happens."
	"So I guess I'll have to move in here," Said Tenchi, overhearing their
conversation.  
	"Yes," Replied Belldandy, her face smiling.
	"Then I'll go call the Dorm and tell'em to move my stuff."  Tenchi,
picked up the phone and then turned and called to Belldandy.
	"Do you know what the number to the Men's dorm is?"
	

"Hello, Men's dorm this is Tamiya speaking," Tamiya's bellowing voice
was deafening on the phone.  
	"Sempai, I have found another place to live so could you have the guy's
move my stuff over the temple."
	"YOU'RE LIVIN' WIT KEIICHI?" said the heavy muscle builder.
	"Yes, Sempai, I'll be living with them while I study here."
	"Well I'll have Otaki bring your stuff over," 
	"Thank you Sempai."  Tenchi Hung up the phone.  
	"Welcome to your new home!" Said Megumi cheerfully.  Tenchi followed
Belldandy to the vacant room that he was nursed in.  Tenchi laid down on
his soft futon.  He looked up at the ceiling, wow he thought, the first
two days in Nekomi and I've already made new friends, gotten shot,
blasted, and saved two lives!


Tenchi got up early the next morning.  He was at the bath first the
steaming water made clouds of steam as they lifted into the air. Tenchi
was relaxed in the hot water, his muscles relaxed, and he felt content. 
Tenchi got up out of the water, he could hear the waking noises of
everyone else.  He toweled off then got changed into a white shirt and
blue levy's.  Tenchi tied his long hair back again and went out for
breakfast.  Megumi brushed her hair in the mirror, her short brown hair
was silky.  She was wearing a short pair of stonewashed jeans and a
white shirt.  As she walked out she spotted Tenchi.
	"Hi!" She said cheerfully.  Tenchi smiled and replied.
	"Good morning,"  Tenchi inhaled the delicious smell of the miso soup
that Belldandy was making.  He walked into the dining room, Belldandy
was there, holding a hot pot filled with miso soup.  Tenchi helped her
pour the savory smelling liquid into each bowl.  The half-empty bottle
of sake was out, for Urd's morning routine, as well as the pot of coffee
for everyone else.  Tenchi sipped the miso soup as he ate the fried
fish.  Tenchi watched Keiichi and Belldandy, they were happy, they fed
each other tid-bits while Skuld watched them wrathfully.  
	"Well Tenchi, it looks like you'll be going to school today."
	"Yeah Keiichi, I still don't know the way so I'll just follow you on my
bike."
	"Can I ride with you Tenchi?" Asked Megumi smiling.
	"Sure, then Belldandy can ride with Keiichi on the side-car."
	"I'm okay with that," Said Keiichi.

	Keiichi walked hand in hand with Belldandy to the garage.  Tenchi and
Megumi walked together as the climbed onto Tenchi's bike.  Tenchi
thought to himself.  He felt an instant attraction to the girl, but
living together would cause complications.  As Tenchi turned the silver
key in the ignition and the bike roared to life he caught a glance of
Keiichi driving down out of the temple.  Tenchi released his grip on the
brake and sped after him.  Megumi held onto Tenchi, he was handsome,
nice, but mysterious.  Her life would be even more complicated if she
did have a relationship with him, although her affection seemed to
increase over the past few days.  As the boonies ended Tenchi and
Keiichi, entered the bustling cities.  They navigated between streets
and cars.  Soon the campus was in sight.  It was not a really old
building, it had its flare of a sophisticated look, but looked nice.  As
Tenchi and Megumi dismounted, Keiichi and Belldandy approached them. 
Keiichi smiled as he waved to Tenchi and Megumi.  The two were getting
along well.  
	"Tenchi, I think your bike is great!  And you seem to handle it well
enough," Started Keiichi "I think you should join the Auto Club."
	"The auto club?" Asked Keiichi.
	"Yeah, we'll be having a race this weekend, it's going to be against 12
other colleges in this area."
	"Race?" Tenchi's  eyes lit up, "I'm in, where do I sign up?"
	"Don't worry I'll get it handled," Said Keiichi with a smile.
	"Well at least now we have more than one driver!"

	Tenchi and Megumi, walked together, in twenty minutes they would have
to meet up with Belldandy and Keiichi for their first lecture.  The
lecture was on Mechanical engineering.  Megumi waved at a girl on the
other side of the campus.  Tenchi, smiled as he looked at her, she was
cute, her large circular glasses played with the light, making the
circles shimmer in the cool breeze.  Tenchi, shook her hand.
	"Tenchi Masaki, this is Sora Hasegawa."
	"Good to meet you Sora,"
	"Yeah, um, okay Tenchi," replied Sora, a little nervous.  "So are you
two going out?" 
	"No, we're just friends." Said Tenchi, as he looked at Megumi.  
	"Well, it's about time for our first class Tenchi, we had better go."
Said Megumi as she led Tenchi towards the Lecture halls.  The empty hall
was like an open stadium.  The long rows with large seats like an
auditorium.  Tenchi and Megumi sat down in the first row.  Sora joined
them as the ancient teacher approached the center.  Other students had
begun filing in.  Megumi waved a hand at Keiichi and Belldandy and
ushered them over to an empty seat that Megumi had saved.  As the
teacher turned on his little microphone, he spoke in a gruff voice.
	"As some of you may already know," Said the old man, "This is
engineering 101."  The old man cleared his throat and spoke again.
	"As you may or may not know it, we have several new students in on
campus.  Would the two young adults please come forward."  Said the
teacher, smiling.
	"Hello," said Tenchi into the microphone, "I'm Tenchi Masaki, I lived
in Yokohama, and I'm a junior in Nekomi Tech now."  Tenchi handed the
microphone to the girl, 
	"I'm Yui Otsuki, I lived in California before, and now I'm a sophomore
here."  The girl was gorgeous, she was far prettier than Sayoko, but
still not as ravishing as the Goddess was.  Yui's flowing hazel hair,
was soft like silk.  She moved with the finesse of an angel, her long
leg's were emphasized by the high-heel's she wore.  Her face was like a
supermodel's her cheekbones, rightly proportioned, and her green eyes,
shimmered under large rounded glasses, like Sora's.  The glasses gave
her a sexy, sophisticated look.  Tenchi sat back down next to Megumi,
and Yui, sat next to him.  He caught a whiff of her perfume, it smelled,
like honey, with a sweet scent.  Tenchi, smiled as he looked at her. 
Megumi elbowed him in the side and he jerked back to attention.  He
looked back to the teacher.  Between sentences Tenchi stole a glance at
the beautiful girl that sat next to him.  
	As the hour passed and Tenchi left the hall, he watched as Yui, walked
the opposite direction from his next lecture.  He cleared his mind,
trying to concentrate.  He felt very odd when around her, his internal
balance had been shifted.  Someone, grabbed him by the arm.  He opened
his eyes, it was Sora.  
	"HI!" she said, "We're both going to the same class, I hoped you could
walk me there."
	"Sure," Said Tenchi.  The two walked together, Sora, smiled as she
looked at Tenchi.  
	"Tenchi," She said almost whispering, "are you busy on Friday?"
	"No, why?"
	"Well, um, er, I was wondering if you'd like to go to dinner?"
	"You mean like a date?" Asked Tenchi, calmly.
	"Um, Well yeah," Sora said nervous now.
	"Sure, it's been a while since I was on a date," 
	"REALLY?  You'll go with me? Yeah!" said Sora triumphantly.
	
	Tenchi left the Architecture class, quickly as Sora waved to him.  He
walked through some of the empty halls.  He heard a girl's voice echo
through the hall.
	"GET OFF OF ME!"  Screamed the girl.  Tenchi started running, his feet
made a thudding sound as he increased his pace.  His books slowed him
down but didn't stop him.  He found two men holding the new girl Yui.  
	"Come on baby, give your Sempai what he wants!"
	"Get away from her Sempai."  Said Tenchi yet still keeping his voice
calm.
	"Well, It looks like all the new kids stick together." Said his friend
gruffly as he approached him.  
	"Your first day here's gonna be hell if ya don't leave now," Said the
man as he cracked his knuckles menacingly.  Tenchi entered a fighting
stance as he awaited the assault.  The man attacked him like an animal,
his punches and kicks were ill timed and inaccurate.  Tenchi replied
with a sharp kick to the side, the man grunted as he dropped to the
ground.  Tenchi ran to the man who now let go Yui.  Tenchi ran up the
opposite wall and propelled himself across the hall, he brought his foot
across the man's face.  He dropped down holding his face.  Tenchi turned
around and executed a reverse butterfly kick at the man he had hit
earlier.  Then he kicked the leader hard in the stomach.  Tenchi grabbed
Yui and the two raced out through the halls.  Tenchi's heart was
pounding as the two darted around the corner.  The cafeteria was within
sight.  Tenchi and Yui burst through the door, their hand's
intertwined.  
	Both Megumi's and Sora's hearts fell as they saw Tenchi burst in,
panting, and smiling holding the hand of the beautiful new-girl.  Megumi
averted her glance as the two moved towards the table.  Tenchi and Yui
slumped down onto the bench.  She lifted the glasses off of her face and
set them down on the tabletop.  She ran her fingers through her
disorganized hair.  She let out a sigh as she spoke, almost sensually.
	"Tenchi, you were great,"  She said panting, a smile appearing on her
perfect face.  Megumi, scowled, Sora mimicking her.  
	"Don't worry you guys, nothing happened." Said Tenchi calmly, as he
smiled at the two other women.  Megumi let out a sigh, Tenchi was not
the guy you would suspect to be a liar.  Tenchi smiled at Sora, then
spoke.
	"So Sora, when do you want me to pick you up?"
	"PICK HER UP?" Asked Megumi, her eyes wide.  "SORA! You're going out
with TENCHI?"
	"Why not?" Snickered Sora, "You said there was nothin' between you
two."
	"There isn't," Tenchi said calmly, as Yui just gazed at him.  
"How about, um, 7:00?"
"Great, I guess that's okay!" Said Sora.  The rest of the day went on
without event.  Until Tenchi got home from school.  Tenchi parked his
bike on the driveway of the Temple grounds.  He strode in quietly. 
Megumi had decided to go shopping with Sora, so they would be about an
hour late in coming home.  Belldandy and Keiichi, were catching a movie
together so they wouldn't come home in a while.  Tenchi slid open the
door.  Skuld was there, a bowl of ice cream on the counter and a spoon
in her hand.  Tenchi smiled as the young goddess ate her fill.  Tenchi
quietly walked into his room.  Through the wooden doors he could hear
the voices that emanated from the TV in Urd's room.  Tenchi slid open
the door for his room.  It was just the way he left it, tidy, neat.  But
he looked closer.  On the floor in the middle of his room was a tiny red
crystal, it seemed to float inside a silver ring that circled around
it.  Tenchi walked closer to it the was struck by a wave of energy.  It
didn't hurt, but apprehension was growing in his mind.  Soon that
apprehension turned into unbearable fear.  Tenchi collapsed to the
ground, he huddled himself up into a ball.  The visions of his mother
dying of his family killed, all appeared in his mind.  The overwhelming
depression filled him.  Undulations of insecurity and disappear tore
through him, his eyes grew wide as he tried to shut out the fear, the
pain, the anguish.  He grasped the sides of his head.  Getting up he
floundered, his walking was staggered and he smashed into the lamp in
his room.
	The crashing of the lamp snapped Urd to attention.  She went and got
Skuld as they opened the door to Tenchi's room.  They found Tenchi on
the floor paralyzed by his own fear.  Tenchi screamed again.  He yelled
on stopping the pain.  
	"URD!  Look an Anima Relic!" Skuld pointed at the little red, crystal,
which shone, brightly now.
	"I'll get rid of it!" Said Urd as she approached the little red
crystal.  
	"NO URD!" Screamed Skuld, "It's already probing his mind, it's
exploiting his worst fears!  If we remove it now, who knows what
psychological damage we could cause!"  Tenchi's wailing stopped.  He
knelt down on the ground.  Skuld ran to comfort him but she was stopped
by some kind of energy field.
	"WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?" Asked Urd as she tried also.  Tenchi ran his
finger's through his hair, and looked down all the while.  His long hair
hung down over his face, masking it.  He looked at them with pale red
eyes, and the marks on his face were unmistakable.  They were demon
marks.  
	"CRAP!" Screamed Urd as she grabbed Skuld and fled the Temple.  
	"WHY DOES THIS HAVE TO HAPPEN WHEN BELLDANDY'S GONE!"  The two
goddesses raced out into the courtyard.  A scream echoed in the
stillness, as the wall of the temple exploded in a fury of broken wood
and torn paper.  Tenchi walked out, his eyes red with fury and pain. 
The demon marks on his face gave it a terrible sinister look.  Tenchi
approached them like a wolf, his eyes not moving not shifting only
watching.  Mara appeared behind him, smiling her usual wicked smile. 
Tenchi stopped dead in his tracks, he grabbed his head, as if inflicted
by great pain.  Stumbling he tried to turn around.  He lifted his head,
the dark red mark's had disappeared, and were replaced by blue god
markings.  Skuld gasped as she saw the new markings.  Urd was bewildered
by the mark's on his face.  Tenchi turned towards Mara, as she floated
backwards.  Mara teleported away as Tenchi began building up a force
ball.  Tenchi's eye's rolled back as he collapsed in the courtyard.  
	
		*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

	I woke up in my room in the temple.  I was laying down on the soft
futon and I saw Skuld, on a cushion next to my futon, sleeping softly. 
I tried to recall what happened.  I had entered my room then I remember
all the pain.  It's like my worst fears were all being merged inside my
head.  I remember collapsing to the ground, then I felt as if my body
and my mind were being torn apart.  I felt as if I was drifting away. 
It was like I was seeing myself from a third-person view.  I was
terrified by what I saw, I was crazy I destroyed my room!  Apparently
Belldandy had repaired it but I chased after Skuld and Urd, and almost
tried to hurt them.  Then I feel as if my mind is being smashed back
into my body, then torn apart with greater ferocity.  I can't remember
what happened after that, but apparently everything turned out okay.  

		*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

	Tenchi got up from the soft bed, the warm towel on his forehead
dropping down into his lap.  He rubbed his head, then checked his watch,
6:47pm.  Tenchi got up, he looked at his clothing, and the white shirt
he was wearing was stained with dirt and grime.  Tenchi quickly changed,
wearing a blue shirt and he combed his hair quickly while Skuld still
dozed.  Tenchi gently nudged her awake.
	"Huh?" asked Skuld blankly.  Tenchi walked out of the room and he
climbed onto his bike, he could smell the cooking of Belldandy's
marvelous food saunter into the living room.  He scribbled a note and
set it onto the table as he left, getting onto his bike he turned the
key in the ignition.  The bike roared to life as he sped off out of the
temple.  

	Tenchi waited anxiously at the Hasegawa residence.  An old man appeared
at the door.
	"Hello sir, I'm here to pick up Sora-San."
	"You must be Tenchi then," Said the kind old man, "She's already at the
club, so you can find her there," He motioned pointing down the street. 
Tenchi bowed and left.  He kept his eyes on the road as he turned the
busy corner.  On the far left was a club with the word's Blue Velvet in
lights.  Tenchi parked his bike on the curb and walked in.  Dodging the
big bouncers he entered a room filled with dazzling lights and blaring
music.  Tenchi looked around for Sora.  The song "The hardest Thing" By
98* was playing loudly.  It was an American group but it seemed to be
liked in Japan.  Tenchi saw Sora dancing happily with a tall young man. 
He too had glasses and looked very dignified and prestigious.  Tenchi
smiled, Sora seemed to be enjoying herself so he sat down at one of the
tables to wait.  A waiter came around to him and Tenchi ordered a bottle
of Sake.  It had been a while since he drank any sake.  It was necessary
for him to stray from strong drinks so he could be rational when dealing
with royal affairs.  Tenchi downed the glass of clear liquid as the warm
feeling of alcohol seemed to creep up on him.  He waited for a while, as
a new song started, he got up, slowly.  He wandered through some of the
crowd before a young girl confronted him.  
	"Hi, I was wondering, if you would like to dance?" This girl was
pretty, her raven black hair was long.  Her hair was tied in two
ponytails and she was very cute.  
	"Sure, by the way, my name's Tenchi Masaki."
	"I'm Makoto Ibiku."  As the song continued, Tenchi and the young girl
danced together.  Tenchi had his hands around her waist as she held him
around the neck.  She couldn't have been older than 18, she was cute, in
a childish sort of way.  Tenchi smiled as he saw her friends giggling
over by the bar as they watched them.  As the song ended Tenchi watched
Makoto walk over to her friends and giggle, with them.  Tenchi continued
with is search for Sora, she as sitting at the bar with the young man
she was dancing with earlier.  
	"Hi Sora, could you introduce me to your friend." Said Tenchi as Sora
caught view of him.
	"Oh! Tenchi! Um.. er.. this is Aoshima,"
	"Good to meet you Aoshima,"

	The evening continued without event, Tenchi danced with Sora, and
Aoshima constantly flirted with Tenchi's date.  After several hour's
Tenchi sat down for a drink as Sora went to go talk with Aoshima. 
Tenchi gulped down the other glass of sake as he waited.  The minutes
flew by, and soon Tenchi's anxiety overcame him.  He searched the entire
club but with no avail.  Tenchi looked frantically hoping nothing had
befallen his date.  Not watching he walked right into a young lady.  Her
head hit him square in the chest, he stepped back and regain his balance
although the girl had fallen to the ground.  Tenchi helped her up as she
brushed her hazel hair from her face.  
	"Yui?" Tenchi said surprised.
	"Hi, Tenchi," said the girl as she got up.  Her green eyes shimmering,
as she smiled at him.  
	"Yui, have you seen Sora?"
	"Sora, I think she left with some guy just about the time I got in."
	"Tall dark, and has glasses right?"
	"Yep, that's him."
	"Oh great," Said Tenchi exasperatedly.  
	"Sorry, your date run off did she?"
	"Yeah, I guess I should be heading home, we do have school tomorrow."
	"Okay, bye Tenchi,"

	Tenchi parked his bike next to Keiichi's as he walked inside the
temple.  
	"TENCHI!" Cried Megumi, "It's about time you came home."	
	"So how'd it go with Sora?" Questioned Urd smiling.
	"ENOUGH! Urd, we have more important things to talk about!" Thundered
Belldandy.  Tenchi winced at her tone.  Tenchi gulped as he followed her
into the dining room...



	NOTE: So what do ya think?  Good or bad? Email me at
Mike618572@aol.com  I would appreciate any comments on what I should add
to the fanfic.  
	

				Mike Langley