The usual, I do not own Tenchi or any other Tenchi chars in this fan fic, 
they are the property of AIC and Pioneer, this is written for the heck of 
it, so no I am not trying to make money off it, so no suing me, as it is 
doubtful that you would get any out of me anyhow, also Ghost in the Shell 
Characters are the creation of Masamune Shirow.

*Thinks* Pretty much all the characters in this fic belong to someone else, 
a few of his classmates are the only ones I created in my own little mind 
*goes off to stew in my own petty little dreams*

Also any similarities to a Stanley Kubrick classic are probably also 
intentional, and no I do not own it.

Oh yes. I stink at Japanese names. Probably should pay more attention to the 
credits to pick up a few, but I'm too lazy, so don't hold the names against 
me. oh and most American sounding names are intentional

One last tidbit (I promise this time) at first this may seem more like a 
military basic than a Police academy, but . hey I have seen more Military 
Basic movies than Police academy movies (and yes I have seen the Police 
Academy movies, but no its not goanna be like that), but I will try to tone 
it down a bit, mind you there will be some Cussing, so
parents. keep an eye on your kids. if they learn any new words. uhhh, They 
did it*points to the next Fanfic writer above him*.

Need some C&C people send it to rando_san7@hotmail.com but please don't spam 
me ((Damn those Disclaimers take a while))

No Need to see the Galaxy
Chapter 3
"No need for Drill Instructors"

	The dark cabin stank, the reassuring throb of the engines died off at least 
fifteen minutes before and all the lights had gone out in the cramped hold, 
and with the lights the air conditioning had gone out as well, and the 
temperature steadily rose, bodies sweated, and the smell grew worse by the 
second.

	Row 3, seat D, a young man with dark spiky hair and a ponytail glanced 
around, pondering how his grandfather always gave such a calm air, and 
wondered whether or not he would be so calm now.

	"Hey Tendo, what's going on?" a boy with long bluish hair sitting next to 
him asked.

	"I don't have a clue Toro." Tendo Masugi replied.

	"Hopefully something soon." Toro Kamachi said quietly, "This waiting is 
killing me."

	As if on cue, the hold doors at the back of the cramped shuttle burst open, 
spilling in harsh light, causing the seated trainees to flinch in pain.  
With the light, came the Drill instructors.  Yelling harsh obscenities at 
the seated recruits, pulling them out of the chairs and pushing them out the 
door.

	Right before a particularly hard shove Tendo called back to Toro. "This 
more like what you wanted."

	If the blue haired boy replied, Tendo didn't hear it, for the shove that 
came after that knocked him off his feet, kicking up a spray of mud.  It was 
this way he first set foot on the planet Verakim, rumored to have two types 
of weather, cold and cloudy, or torrential rain. Coughing slightly, Tendo 
started to pick himself up, when a heavy black boot planted itself in the 
middle of his shoulder blades and pressed him back down into the muck, 
spreading it farther across him, prompting more coughs.

	"Does the poor little rainbow have a cold?" A harsh female voice mocked.

	Slowly Tendo opened his eyes, staring at the black boots that had only 
moments before pressed him back into the mud, looking up he noted that they 
were connected to a pair of long muscular legs, connected to a powerful yet 
lithe feminine frame, strong yet slender arms were crossed over breasts that 
would put Ryoko to shame.  Still higher up, Tendo Masugi, formerly Tenchi 
Masaki, crown prince of Jurai, came face to face with the face of the woman 
that would cause him endless grief for the next ten weeks.  The face, with 
its cold almost inhuman Ice blue eyes hidden behind a pair of dark 
sunglasses, black hair slicked back and tied behind her head in a ponytail, 
and face, that had not been graced with a smile in a long time.

	"Get on your feet worm." She sneered.

	Not wishing to bring down her wrath any faster or any more he quickly 
stood. Yet he noted she still stood taller, now on his feet, she looked even 
more imposing.  She turned on her heel and began pacing, "Look at you 
buckets of slime," she sneered, "So you want to be Galaxy Police do you."  
Giving a diminutive snort she glanced back to the lined up recruits.  "I 
haven't seen a bigger bunch of "Mama's boys, or Lily mongers in my life."

	Finally she had reached the center, turning on her heel she addressed 
everyone, "I am Major Motoko Kusanagi*, your senior Drill instructor, its my 
job to make certain you go through hell and back, Cause the GP doesn't want 
sniveling cowards." Again she resumed pacing, like a tiger stalking its 
prey, "You Rats will eat when I tell you, sleep when I tell you, and wipe 
your dirty little asses when I tell you."

	Again she reached the center, and turned on her heel, with what was 
supposed to be a smile, but looked more like a snarl she spoke again. "So, 
do any of you mama's boys think you can take me in a fair fight?" she looked 
up and down the line. "Come on, surely one of you numbskulls thinks you can 
take me out."

	Tendo however had been watching her pace, and his instincts screamed at him 
not to underestimate her. He only hoped that the rest of his fellow recruits 
were smart enough to think the same.  Apparently some weren't, as a large 
muscular young boy stepped out down the line, "Ah think ah can Ma'am," he 
drawled with a thick accent.

	"You think you can whip me Cadet?" she asked, raising one charcoal black 
eyebrow behind her sunglasses.  Shrugging she looked to the behemoth of a 
boy, "What's your name Cadet?" she asked him simply.

	"Breckenridge. *" He stated in that odd drawl of his.

	Nodding she waved her hand. "Very well Cadet Breckenridge, at your 
leisure."

	Tendo watched the hulk approach her, but as soon as he reached her, fists 
swinging he lost track of the movements, all he knew was one second 
Breckenridge was throwing a punch, the next minute he was on his back, 
bluish blood running from his nose and his arm that he was throwing the 
punch with hung at an odd angle in the middle of the forearm, by this time 
the big boy hadn't processed what had just happened, much less the fact that 
his arm was severely broken, finally it caught up with him, and he screamed 
in pain.

	"MEDIC." Kusanagi called simply, then looked to the remaining recruits.

	"Anyone else?"

	Three more recruits tried their luck, three more in the infirmary. Finally 
they had gotten the picture; no one stood a chance against their drill 
instructor, yet.  Tendo was beginning to figure out who Kiyone and Mihoshi 
were talking about on the trip here.


	By the end of the day they had their uniforms, training clothes, bunk 
assignments, and freshly shaved heads (the women of course had short hair, 
unless they wanted to shave it)).

	Tendo was pleased to see the Blue haired boy from who had sat next to him 
on the shuttle; Toro Kamachi was his new bunkmate, taking the upper bunk.

	"Wow man, our DI has some moves."  Toro said lying back in his bunk.

	"So I noticed," replied Tendo, affixing a smiling picture of Kiyone in her 
GP uniform to the bottom of the bunk*.

	"Who's the babe in the picture Tendo?' Toro asked about the picture.

	Tendo grinned up at him, "One of my buddies who talked me into joining the 
GP."

	"She's pretty hot." Toro stated looking up at the ceiling, rolling over he 
looked down at Tendo, asking with a grin. "So, did ya schnook* her?"

	"Of course not." Tendo said, looking shocked, "I said friend, not 
girlfriend."

	Shrugging the blue haired boy let it drop, rolling back over, he simply 
muttered. "If you insist."

*				*				*

	Morning came much too early.

	In fact the only highlight to it was the lack of buxom cyan haired space 
pirates dropping in his lap as he slept.  Instead Tendo was rewarded with a 
well-placed kick to the middle of his bunk, causing him to leap up and land 
in a heap on the floor.

	"Sleep well?" came an harsh Feminine Sneer, "Alright Kiddies time to run, 
on your feet, MOVE IT." Kusanagi yelled.

	Still groggy for sleep, and still sore from the kick Tendo struggled to get 
dressed, falling in line only a bit late.  Running outside the bunkhouse 
Tendo was somewhat shocked at the light drizzle, about to turn back to get a 
rain slicker, he decided against it when he heard Kusanagi from behind him.

	"Don't let a little rain chill you off, get up a good run and you'll be 
plenty warm."

	At first he didn't believe her, each and every drop seemed to chill his 
body by a degree, but after the first lap or two Tendo was finally starting 
to notice the burning in his lungs, at least it kept him warm.  A precursory 
glance backward revealed all he needed to know about the raven haired DI, 
breathing normally. 'Jeeze she's like a Machine*' he thought.

	Pushups, sit-ups, and running filled the majority of the day, for all 
trainees, not just Tendo.  In particular Kusanagi concentrated on one rather 
overweight boy named Hibiki, who reminded Tendo a lot of Amagasaki, the 
clown faced boy from his high school.  Tendo could not remember the boy's 
name, but that did not stop Kusanagi from branding him with the name "Gomer 
Pyle."*

	In the middle of the run back to the Mess hall for lunch "Gomer" slipped in 
the mud, Kusanagi was on him in a Second.

	"Get your ass out of that mud!" she screamed. "Did I call for a rest break? 
Did any of you other pansy's hear me call for a rest break."

	"MAM, NO MAM!" the rest of the recruits called back.

	"I didn't think so," she yelled. "So does Mr. Pyle here think he's special 
or something? Does he think he should somehow deserve special treatment?  
Well?" she stated, malice in her voice and grabbing onto the back of the 
larger boy's shirt and yanking him up almost effortlessly to his knees.

	"Ma'am, no ma'am." A now muddy Hibiki stated weakly, climbing back to his 
feet and trying his best to stay that way with Kusanagi in his face.

	After lunchtime mess the recruits set off marching again, their destination 
became apparent soon, a large 2-story building, thankfully out of the rain.  
Three-dozen wet and miserable trainees shivered as they entered the Icy 
chill of the building.  The drill instructors however, seemed not to notice, 
instead the rain seemed to wick off their hair and bead off their skin as 
they marched down the hall.  Teeth could be heard clattering between the 
rhythmic cadences of booted feet on tile-stone floors.

	Turning sharply on one foot the raven-haired DI led the group into an only 
slightly warmer classroom, walking down to the front she pivoted on her 
heel.

	"Everyday, from right after noon mess until evening mess you will spend in 
here, learning how to be Galaxy Police officers, from this woman." Kusanagi 
stated, scanning the two lines of recruits under the dark sunglasses, 
gesturing to the tall woman with a thin face surrounded by long straight 
light brown hair, who was standing behind her, eyes closed, face tilted 
down. "This is Major Misa Hayase*, an instructional specialist, now get a 
chair under your asses and pay attention, what you learn here will save your 
asses one day." Tendo quickly found a seat, however, he soon had to move his 
legs to let one of his fellow classmates to walk by and sit in the seat next 
to him. Looking back to the brown haired woman Kusanagi simply stated, 
"Major Hayase."

	Stepping forward Major Hayase (Or Major H as some called her for short) 
looked out amongst the recruits now taking thier seats, "We will begin 
shortly."

	Taking a moment to glance at the now seated student he noted with some 
surprise that the person was a rather soaked (like he was) girl of about his 
age.  She had short red hair, soft cheekbones with little dimples, and a 
small mouth bent upwards in a thanking smile.  This however was soon lost on 
him when he first looked into her eyes.  His grandfather had once told him 
that First impressions are often times made with the eyes, and that you 
could tell a lot about a person by looking into them.  What that would mean 
for this rather attractive
young lady ((*activates ballistic missile warning system to pick up any 
missiles launched by the RFFC or other factions*)) was beyond him.  Her left 
eye lingered somewhere between sea and grass green with gentle flecks of 
gold in it, her right eye however was a mysterious steel gray.

	Taking note of his gaze she offered a hand and in a gentle yet firm voice, 
introduced herself, "Hi, I'm Hitomi, Hitomi Furasaki."

	"Tenc..." he started, catching himself, "Tendo Masugi, it's a pleasure to 
meet you Miss Furasaki."

	Catching his near slip up, but writing it off as the usual slip up people 
got when looking into her eyes she chuckled and shook her head lightly, 
droplets of water flying off, "Sorry about that, but please Tendo, call me 
Hitomi."

	"Of course, if that is what you want me to." Tendo stated, trailing off as 
he glanced back to the front of the room, seeing that Major H was starting 
to speak.  The rest of that day was spent going over what would be learned 
over the course of the class, and the class formally introducing themselves, 
during most of which Tendo and Hitomi spoke quietly about their Homes and 
past, Tendo remembering his cover story, born on Jurai, but lived elsewhere 
most of his life, including Mengami where he signed up to join the Galaxy 
Police to see the galaxy and make it a better place.

	Hitomi on the other hand was born on Hembrant, in the Sylmar sector.  
Hembrant he learned was mostly desert, its two suns making living in the 
arid climate difficult, and having seen rain only in holovids before she 
arrived on Verakim, was beginning to feel a bit uncomfortable on a world 
where it was always cold and rainy.  He was sad to learn that Hitomi's 
family was nearly wiped out by pirates not long before she signed up, 
leaving her father and brother dead, her mother gravely wounded and sister 
kidnapped and taken to who knows where.  Hitomi decided to join the Galaxy 
Police not out of revenge, but to make sure that what happened to her would 
not happen to anyone else.

	After the class was over, Kusanagi came back to march the recruits through 
blustery cold weather, something else that Tendo noted, would probably make 
his new friend less than comfortable. Marching back to the mess hall the 
recruits once again filed through the line picking out whatever foods looked 
like they would stay down without much problem.  After picking out his food 
Tendo sat at a table next to Toro, wishing once again that Sasami was here 
to cook good food for him.

	The two boys conversed over lunch; the merits of fast food, home cooked 
meals, as well as various female forms that were readily visible from where 
they sat. During this conversation Tendo happened to make eye contact with 
Hitomi again, prompting a smile to cross both their faces.
	Toro of course noticed this, and in his usual testosterone based way of 
thinking, guessed they were a number and started giving the slightly taller 
boy grief about it.

	After dinner the recruits marched once again across the campus to a 
gymnasium, to work on combat techniques, many of the students had previous 
experience in various forms of martial arts, Tendo included.  These students 
were weeded out first and taught lessons about how most other forms were 
inadequate, also a lesson in keeping your trap shut.
Of all those who stepped forward in telling they had experience, Tendo 
lasted the longest against the drill instructor, clocking in at five seconds 
instead of the normal two most others lasted.  Afterwards rubbing his 
bruised stomach and holding his throbbing head he asked himself why he 
stepped forward when he already knew that he was no
match for the raven haired Kusanagi.  As he watched, and soon joined in, the 
rest of the recruits learned the basics of martial arts and how to apply 
them to apprehending suspects.

	Three grueling hours later the tired and bruised recruits drug themselves 
back to the barracks marching as best as possible through the once again 
rainy weather.  The rest of the night was given to relaxing and taking 
showers, something that almost everyone did.  After his shower Tendo was 
lying on his bunk thinking of the sweet red haired girl he had met today, he 
really hoped that he could continue to grow in friendship with her.  He was 
still thinking about her when he drifted off to sleep.

END CHAPTER 3

Footnotes *
* If you don't know who this is, rent or watch Ghost in the 	Shell, she 
kicks pretty serious butt
* Breckenridge, yes this is an American sounding name, and there is a reason 
for that, sometime READ Starship Troopers. and 	that's read the book mind 
you, not watch the Satirical piece of shit movie made about that classic 
book.
* Nothing major, just trying to fit in. most guys in barracks do this, so no 
I am not trying to impose that there is anything more between Kiyone and 
Tenchi
* You will find out later in this chapter and others that the strongest 
driving force in Toro's life is sex and the prospect of more sex.
* I figured it would be Ironic that Tenchi/Tendo think of Kusanagi as a 
machine as. well in GitS, she is a cybernetic organism ^_^
* Hey I promised a reference to Full Metal Jacket in the disclaimer, didn't 
I?
* Misa Hayase was one of the main characters of the Macross series for those 
that do not recognize her
* If you are also wondering, I have not decided as of yet if Tenchi and 
Hitomi are going to become a couple. all I have planned so far is that they 
will become partners later on in future chapters, anything else will depend 
on feedback I get
