A note on continuity:
        I’m basing this on the SM Manga and not the anime,
so Rei never dated Darien (and other differences.) Also this
is an alternate universe in which, after the defeat of the dark
moon family, there was a looooong pause between villains
(like, forever.) Tenchi is in his last year of high school and
the senshi are in their first.
Tenchi-wise, it’s OAV, plus ‘daughter of darkness’ with just
a dash of TV and some comic book.

For those of you who think Tenchi is a little ooc, first off
this Tenchi is a little older, and second, In the first OAV
Tenchi is a little more assertive then in later parts. I’m trying
to show some of that Tenchi.

************************************************

No Need for Sailor Scouts
part 1
by
Doug Whiddon

        “What do you mean my apartment isn’t ready!?”
        The building manager sighed. “Look, we had some
problems with the last tenant and repairs are taking longer
than we thought. You’ll just have to find somewhere else to
stay for a few days. We don’t have any other units
available.”
        Tenchi fumed. He had been told over the phone that
his apartment would be ready on time. He was tempted to
just find another apartment. But if he did, he knew he
wouldn’t get back his deposit . Besides, his dad said that
Paradise Heights would be a great place to live, and that he
would meet lots of interesting people. Whatever that meant.
It would be cheaper to find somewhere else for a couple of
days. He shouldered his backpack and left the building. My
life, he thought, and welcome to it.
        Once he was on the street, Tenchi considered his
options. He didn’t know anyone in Tokyo, so he would
need to get a hotel. He checked his pockets for available
cash. Since he had paid three months rent in advance, he
hadn’t brought a lot of money with him. He was supposed
to open an account and his father would transfer in some
funds. Even if he went straight to a bank he wouldn’t have
the money for a day or two. What to do, what to do.
        Tenchi dug his cellphone out of his bag. The phone
was a gift from Washu. The batteries had a half-life of
fifty-thousand years and the signal range was in light-years.
He dialed his home number.
        “Hello, Masaki residence.”
        “Ayeka, hi. Is Grampa there?”
        “Oh, hello, Tenchi. He’s here, I’ll get him. How are
you?”
        Tenchi heard another muffled voice. “Is that Tenchi?
Gimmie the phone!”
        “No way, you rotten pirate!”
        There was a crinkling sound, a new phone would
probably be needed. “Give me the damn phone!” Ryoko’s
voice sounded farther away.
        “Lord Tenchi has better things to do than talk to
you!”
        The struggle continued. A few profanities were
tossed about, and not all from Ryoko.
        Tenchi sighed, almost homesick.
        Someone dropped the phone, then came another
voice. “Tenchi! Are you okay? Do you need something? I
can fly there in a few minutes if you need me.”
        “OH NO YOU WON’T!” Washu dropped in her
two cents.
        “I’m fine Ryoko. I just need to talk to Grampa.”
There was another scuffling sound on the other end. Then
his Grandfather got the phone.
        “Tenchi, is there a problem?”
        “Sort of...” Tenchi explained the problem to Yosho;
the sound of energy weapons in the background was
somewhat distracting.
        “Well, before you go looking for a hotel, why don’t
you pay a visit to a friend of mine? He runs a shrine not too
far from where you are. He lives alone, so he shouldn’t
mind putting you up for a couple of days.”
        “Really? You think so? That would be great.”
Tenchi listened carefully as his grandfather gave him the
address. “I’ll call again later.” Tenchi hung up and went off
in search of a map.

        Tenchi found that the temple was within walking
distance and was more than half-way there when his phone
rang. Tenchi clicked the on button and almost dropped the
phone when a 25 centimeter high Washu appeared on it.
“Washu! What...?” Tenchi was speechless.
        Washu smiled. “Holographic interface. Didn’t I
mention that?”
        “No.”
        “It’s not important. I just detected an object entering
Earth’s atmosphere. I thought it was just a meteor but it’s
slowing down and not burning up. It will land near you, you
should check it out. It could be something dangerous.”
        “How do I find it?”
        A big green arrow appeared over the phone. It
pointed towards a nearby park and had ‘75 meters’ written
on it.
        “Oh.”
        “And, Tenchi....”
        “What?”
        “Please be careful.”
        Tenchi nodded. “I will.” With that, he went off into
the park. He saw the object land. It wasn’t moving very
fast, but when it hit the ground with a thump it threw up a
wave of dirt and buried itself. Tenchi was still twenty meters
away when something crawled out of the hole.
        Whatever it was, it was made of something black
and crystalline. It reminded him of Ryo-ohki’s spaceship
form.
        Tenchi spotted a girl in a school uniform lying on the
ground on the far side of the pit. She looked terrified.
        The creature advanced on the girl. A small focus of
will caused Tenchi’s Jurai armor to appear.
        Tenchi picked up a handy rock and threw it. It
smacked firmly into the hard shell of its back. The creature
turned to face its attacker.  He drew his sword but didn’t
ignite the blade. He tried to appear non-aggressive, or at
least like he was willing to let the thing make the first move.
        The creature had four arms and four legs. Two arms
ended in wicked looking claws and the other two had hands.
It looked like something like a giant crab. Whatever it was,
Tenchi didn’t want to meet up with one in a dark alley. Or a
well lit park, for that matter.
        The crab creature charged Tenchi, claws opened
wide and hands outstretched.
        Tenchi crouched low as the crab approached. It
loomed over him, bringing its claws down on him. Tenchi
brought the sword up, igniting it as he did so. The crab was
cut open and fell back in pieces. After a few seconds the
pieces vanished. Tenchi looked around for more enemies. It
couldn’t be that easy, he wasn’t even breathing hard.
        Tenchi looked walked around the pit to the girl, still
on the ground. He held out his hand and helped her up.
“Are you okay?”
        She nodded.
        Tenchi smiled. “That’s good,” he said. Then, since
he didn’t want to stand around and answer lots of questions
and no more creatures were in sight,  he left the way he
came.

        Ami, Usagi, Minako and Makoto were at Rei’s
temple for their usual meeting. Rei was nowhere to be seen.
        “She’s late, usually I’m the one who’s late. Where is
she?”
        Minako patted Usagi on the back. “Relax girlfriend,
she’ll be here. It’s not like we’re in the middle of a crisis.”
        At that moment Rei came up the shrine steps.
        “Rei!” Usagi called. “Where have you been?”
        Rei ignored Usagi and continued into the shrine. Her
eyes were glazed. The girls became worried when she
walked into a wall.
        Makoto grabbed Rei by the shoulders and shook
her. “Rei! Snap out of it!”
        “I’m in love,” Rei whispered.
        Two cats and four girls face-faulted in unison.

        A little later the girls sat around Rei’s table sipping
tea and eating rice cakes.
        Rei was telling her story. “...Anyway, I was in the
park and something hit the ground, not ten feet from me. It
looked like a meteor, but it was moving real slow. When the
thing hit it knocked me off my feet and left a hole in the
ground. Then this other thing crawled out of the hole. It
looked like a huge stone crab, it was all black and shiny with
big claws.” Rei was talking fast and gesturing wildly with
her hands. “Anyway, I was about to change into Sailor Mars
when somebody threw a rock at it. It turned and lurched off
towards this guy who was just standing there. He was
dressed in this neat white and brown outfit that looked so
cool on him. Anyway, he was holding a lightsaber...”
        Ami interrupted. “Wait a minute. A
LIGHTSABER!?”
        Rei nodded. “Just like in Star Wars. It was a sword
made of  blue light. Anyway, as soon as the thing saw him it
charged and this guy just stood there. I didn’t see all of
what happened, the thing was between me and the guy. All I
saw was this light and then the thing was in pieces all over
the ground.” Rei ran out of breath at this point.
        The girls looked at each other. They had seen too
much to not believe Rei’s story, so the question was: who
was the guy, and was there a new enemy?
        Rei caught her breath and continued. “So, anyway,
after the thing was destroyed the guy came over and helped
me up. He had such a cute smile, and nice eyes and....” At
this point Rei was just babbling.
        Rei’s grandfather’s voice was heard coming down
the hall, he was telling someone about the shrine. They
arrived at the door to Rei’s room. “Rei! Can I come in?”
        Rei snapped back into reality. “Er....Okay.”
        The door slid back. “Rei, this is the grandson of a
good friend of mine. His name is Tenchi Masaki. He’ll be
staying with us for a few days.”
        Rei stared, awestruck, at the young man in the
doorway.
        Tenchi waved politely. “Hello.” He turned back to
Grandfather Hino. “My Grandfather said you lived alone.”
        “Not anymore, my granddaughter came to stay a
few years ago.”
        The girls smiled. All except Rei, whose jaw had filed
for divorce from her head and was shacking up with the
floor.
        Grandfather Hino waited for Rei to introduce her
friends. When she showed no signs of doing so he
continued, “These are her friends...” He realized he didn’t
actually know their names.
        “I’m Usagi.”
        “Minako. Nice to meet you.”
        “Ami. Hi.”
        “Makoto.”
        Tenchi smiled. “I’m pleased to meet all of you.”
        The grandfather looked at Rei, who was staring in
amazement, and back at Tenchi. A sly smile appeared on his
face. The door slid closed.
        “Tha... that was him!” Rei whispered.
        The girls looked back at Rei. “He was cute,”
Makoto said.
        Two cats and three girls face-faulted in unison.

        At that moment a huge sphere floated high above
the Earth. The sphere was a spaceship belonging to one
Heyleyn Malcintori.
        Heyleyn was a woman on a mission. She would kill
the one who murdered her love. She was also a paranoid
schizophrenic with delusions of grandeur. But that’s neither
here nor there.
        She was studying readouts on Tenchi’s fight with
her first creature. The fight had been nothing, but it wasn’t
intended to be anything difficult. The next one would be
harder, and the next harder still. Eventually the creatures
would overcome the young prince. Her love would be
avenged. She swore it.

Meanwhile, back at the shrine...

        After the girls left, Rei decided to find out what was
up, so she went looking for Tenchi and cornered him in the
hall. “I saw what you did,” she stated simply.
        Tenchi, who hadn’t gotten a good look at her in the
park, wasn’t sure what she meant. “What did I do?” he
asked carefully.
        “In the park. With that Lightsaber of yours.”
        Tenchi managed to keep his expression neutral. He
realized she was that girl from the park. “I don’t know what
you’re talking about.” He pushed past her into the hall.
        “Don’t lie to me. I was there! I saw you. Who are
you?”
        Tenchi stopped. Knowledge is power, and he didn’t
want to put anyone in danger. “Even if I told you, you’d
never believe me.”
        “Try me. After what I saw today I’m ready to
believe anything.”
        “All right,” Tenchi leaned back against the wall and
crossed his arms in front of his chest. “I’m descended from
an alien prince. He came to Earth seven hundred years ago.
The weapon passed down from him to me.” Tenchi kept
things deliberately vague,  leaving out all the important
facts. He watched Rei’s expression as what he said sank in;
he dared her to believe what no rational person would
believe.
        “What about the creature that you killed?”
        “I don’t know anything about it. I was just there
when it landed.”
        Rei thought for a moment. An alien prince. That
wasn’t really so hard to believe. After all, she was the
reincarnation of a Martian princess. “All right, I believe
you.”
        Tenchi stared at her. “You believe me? You did hear
the ‘alien prince’ bit didn’t you?”
        Rei nodded. “Yeah.”
        Tenchi was stunned. No one in their right mind
should have accepted what he told her. “How can you
believe me? That had to be the most insane thing you ever
heard.”
        Rei laughed. “Things are never what they seem. It
can get pretty weird around here. Still, why are you here?”
        “I’m just here to finish high school. My old school
burned down and my next choice was here in Tokyo.” And
with that, Tenchi left.
        Rei watched him enter Yuuichiro’s room. Her
feelings were mixed. When he saved her in the park he was
like a samurai of old. Her very own protector, like Tuxedo
Mask was to Sailor Moon. But, on the other hand, other
than the fact that he had fought that creature, she really
didn’t know if she should trust him or not. If he was an
enemy to the Sailor Scouts then she would need to find out
more about him.

        Tenchi slept fitfully that night, The creature he had
fought worried him. Something about it was oddly familiar.
He awoke feeling more tired than he when he had gone to
bed. He dragged himself out of bed and slumped off to the
shower.
        He was still half asleep when he stepped into the
bathroom. The sight of Rei, naked as the day she was born,
woke him up fast. The shower pail colliding with his skull
almost canceled that out.
        “What was that for!?” Tenchi kept his hand over his
eyes.
        “Don’t you know how to knock?” Rei screamed.
        Tenchi backed out the bathroom and slid the door
closed. He put up the occupied sign and went to the sink.
        Rei came out a few minutes later with a towel
wrapped around herself. She didn’t spare a word for Tenchi,
who was busy brushing his teeth.
        After he showered Tenchi joined the others for
breakfast. Grampa kept looking back and forth between
Tenchi and Rei and grinning.
        Tenchi gathered his books for his first day of school
and headed for the door. His way was blocked by Rei’s
grandfather. “Can we talk for a moment?” he asked.
        “Uh, sure.”
        Tenchi followed the priest to a corner of the yard.
        Grandfather turned and took Tenchi’s hand. “I want
you to promise you’ll take good care of my grand-daughter.
I’m sure she’ll make a wonderful wife.”
        Tenchi went into full-blown fight-or-flight panic
mode. “WIFE?”
        “Of course, I’m not blind, I can see that you two
have fallen for each other.”
        Tenchi took a deep breath to steady himself. “Sir, I
like your daughter but I don’t think marriage is in our
future. Besides, we just met.”
        “Well, you may say that now, but I think you’ll
change your tune.” And with that he went back into the
shrine.
        Rei was waiting at the top of the steps for Tenchi.
“What did Grandpa want?”
        Tenchi sighed. “To plan out my life, like everybody
else.”
        Rei decided not to pursue further questions. She
held out a box to him. “Here, I made you a lunch.”
        Tenchi took the offered parcel. “Thanks, but you
really didn’t have to do that.”
        “It’s all right, I always make my own. So it’s no
trouble to make a little more.”

        Tenchi’s first day was peaceful. No alien attacks, no
space pirates, no pink haired Jurian nobility wanting to duel.
Just lots of classes. Tenchi hadn’t felt so normal in a long
time.
        At lunch Tenchi ran into one of Rei’s friends.
Makoto, he thought. Pretty girl, tall, long brown hair. When
she saw him she smiled and waved him over.
        He sat down next to her on the grass. “Hello,” he
said with a smile.
        “Are you and Rei getting along?”
        Tenchi nodded. “Pretty much. Her Grandfather
seems ready to arrange for a wedding,” Tenchi said with a
grin. “But I think he’s pushing it.”
        Makoto started to choke on her lunch. She coughed
a few times to clear her throat. “Are you serious?”
        Tenchi nodded.
        “Do you have a girlfriend back in... where is it
you’re from?”
        “Yokohama. There... there are some girls, but no
one serious.”
        Makoto crossed off ‘girlfriend’ on her mental
checklist. Of course, that was the only item on the list.
Tenchi was officially up for grabs. Not that she wanted him
for herself, she wouldn’t do that to Rei.
        “What about your family? What are they like?”
        “I live with my father and some... “ Tenchi paused.
How to describe the two alien princesses, space pirate, mad
scientist, cute-and-cuddly spaceship, and two galaxy cops
who lived with him? “...boarders in Kurashiki city. My
Grandfather is a Shinto priest with a shrine there.”
        “What about your mom?”
        Tenchi began to get the distinct impression that he
was being interrogated. “She died when I was young.”
        Makoto put her hand on Tenchi’s. “I’m sorry, I lost
both my parents when I was young too.”
        They went back to eating in silence. When Makoto
felt they were past the ‘dead parents’ issue she started
again. “So, are you going to be here long?”
        “Probably just a year. I missed a whole year of
school, but luckily I had been jumped a grade a few years
ago so I’m not behind. But my father thought it would be
best if I went to a school a little farther away.”
        At that point the bell rang, and Makoto was forced
to end her interrogation.

        After school Tenchi went by the building where he
was supposed to be living and was told that he could move
in the following afternoon. Not soon enough, as far as he
was concerned. Rei was pretty, but she had to much of a
temper for his taste. And that was coming from someone
who lived with a space pirate and a princess, both known
for their ability to blow up over nothing (although usually at
each other). It would also be nice to have a place that was
all his own.
        He was walking back to the shrine with his head in
the clouds when the second attack came.
        The second creature was not much different from
the first. One of its claws was missing and in its place was a
tubular appendage from which an energy blade emanated.
        It attacked from behind with a fast blow. Tenchi
would probably have been decapitated, were it not for sheer
dumb luck. He bent down to tie his shoe-laces right as it
appeared in mid-swing.
        “What the...” Tenchi dropped and rolled away from
the creature. It followed extremely quickly. On the inside of
his uniform jacket there was a deep pocket where Tenchi
kept his sword. If it had been in his bag it would already be
hopelessly out of reach. As it was, Tenchi tore four buttons
to get it free. He pulled out the Tenchi-ken and ignited its
blade, just in time to block the blade coming down on him.
        He parried the blow and continued in an arc
intended to take off a leg. His blade hit the monster’s leg
and bounced back.
        “What the...” The monster swung again, and again
Tenchi parried the blow. He gave silent thanks to his
grandfather’s rigorous training procedures.
        Tenchi backed away from the creature again and the
two moved out of the sunlight into the shade of a building.
A soft purple light enveloped the monster. A forcefield,
Tenchi guessed. In the bright light it was invisible. Tenchi
needed to think up something new, and quick.
        “SUPER SUPREME THUNDER!” The cry was
followed by a miniature electric storm. All aimed at the
creature, which was quickly baked, and disappeared like the
first. When the creature was gone Tenchi sat on the ground
to catch his breath.
        “Are you all right?”
        Tenchi looked up at his savior. Fist he noticed a long
pair of legs, which vanished into a green skirt. His gaze
moved up across the white leotard (which held an
impressive bust) and up onto the face of... “Makoto? What
are you doing in that outfit?”

End part 1

The names of locations in Tenchi are from the comic and
the Tenchi 101. Except for “Paradise Heights” which is a
hentai computer game.

The reason Tenchi can recognize the Senshi in their Senshi
forms will be revealed in due time.