        Ranma and Tenchi were exhausted.  After all they had gone
through at school and then having to walk home because they
missed the last bus.  It was a good thing that their parents believed
that Tenchi had waited for Ranma because the boys were too tired
to come up with a more believable story.

Chapter 3: Here Comes the Princess

        Tenchi laid down on his futon and said, "Ranma, has life
always been this weird only I was too wrapped up in myself to
notice?"
        Ranma grinned.  "Welcome to my world.  My life is always
like this, though it is the first time I met a demon.  At least I think
so. There was that girl with the horns in a tiger striped bikini.  I'm
pretty sure that normal people don't fly around like that  . . . huh?"
        "What is it?"
        "Why is my futon so  . . . lumpy?"  With an awful sense of
premonition, Ranma peeled back the sheets to reveal Ryoko
sleeping peacefully.  He couldn't help but noticing that he shirt was
open in front, revealing a generous portion of cleavage.
Definitively a female demon, Ranma thought, as he felt a
nosebleed coming on.  Having to change into a female whenever
being hit by water for the past couple of weeks had gotten him
somewhat used to the sight of a woman's body, but then Ryoko
was no ordinary woman.
        She opened up her golden eyes and practically purred,
"Welcome home Ranma."
        This made Ranma very nervous, not the way a cat makes
him nervous despite the feline quality to her voice, but the way his
friend Ukyo or the other girls at school can sometimes make him
nervous for reasons that he couldn't readily explain.
        With Ranma still stunned by her appearance, Ryoko stood
up, buttoned her shirt and said, "Hello to you too Tenchi.  Where's
that floozy that you were hanging around with?"
        "Huh?"
        "Never mind, which of you has the sword?"
        Ranma, having finally recovered, pointed at Tenchi.
Tenchi gave him a 'thanks a lot' look, to which Ranma shrugged.
What was he supposed to do, lie?  He had hit her with all he had at
the school and it hadn't even fazed her.
        "Give me the sword Tenchi."
        "Huh? Why do you want it?"
        "Because I need the gems on it to call Ryo-oki, the other
demon from the legend."
        "No way!  You come and try to kill my cousin and now you
want to call up another demon.  Forget it!"
        Ryoko was a little confused by the 'cousin' remark, but
plowed on regardless.  "Are you sure?  Because the one coming is
even worse."
        "Ah, who's coming Ryoko?" asked Ranma.  That was her
name right?  He remembered her saying when they first met, but
then a lot had happened since then, like she trying to kill him and
all.
        Ryoko immediately turned to Ranma, her expression
softening.  She reached out and stroked his chest as she spoke,
making Ranma even more nervous than before.  "She'd the devil.
Well, she's like a devil.  She'll fire on you without even giving you
one little chance to explain."
        "So are we going to fight her?"  Ranma asked, not liking
the idea of fighting someone Ryoko was scared of.  Brave was one
thing, suicidal was another.
Tenchi couldn't believe that his cousin was falling for this.
She was obviously making the whole thing up to get her power
back and naïve Ranma believed her.  How could someone raised
by Auntie Nodaka be so clueless around women?  Not that Tenchi
himself was much better, but at least he could tell a setup when he
heard one.
        "No, we'll run away," Ryoko replied with a smile, thinking
of her, Tenchi, and Ranma all alone among the stars.  Oh, what fun
they could have together!
        "I think we should give her the sword Tenchi."
        "No way!  I'm not fooled, she's only making this all up so
she can   . . ."
        Whatever he said after was drowned out by a loud female
voice demanding that Ryoko show herself.
        "Damn it," the demon cursed, "she's here already."
        "Now do you believe her?" Ranma shouted at his cousin.
        "I still say it’s a bad idea to give her the gems.  She's
already attacked you once and we only have her word that this
Aeka is dangerous."
        Ryoko missed their debate since she had her head stuck out
the window to look up at the Ryo-oh that hovered above them.
Their discussion abruptly ended by the shot that nearly incinerated
the house.  Ryoko was a little pissed that Tenchi would only give
her one gem, but it was enough to call Ryo-oki.
        "What have you done to my house," Tenchi pleaded when
he saw the much reduced Masaki home aboard the Ryo-oki,
"Dad!"  Tenchi was thankful that Auntie Nodaka was still over a
friend's house.
        Ryoko shrugged, "I didn't have much time so I shrank it."
        Ranma was too busy cowering from the meowing coming
from all around him to notice.  His eyes darted all over the ship for
the source of the sound, but there wasn't a cat in sight.  This is the
last thing I need, Ranma thought.  So to him it was almost a relief
when two floating logs took Ryoko, Tenchi and him captive.

        Ranma wished that his cousin would stop overreacting.
Ever since they were taken prisoner by those flying logs and
trapped in a cage made of what looked like hanging vines, he'd
been complaining about how there had been a mistake or that this
wasn't his fault.  Now he was attacking the vines with a
pocketknife.  With any luck he may be able to escape in a few
years or so.
Ranma just sat back and waited for something to happen.
After being turned into a girl, chased all over China by an Amazon,
only to come home and be chased all over school by a demon there
wasn't a whole lot that could phase him.  Actually it was better to
be stuck here, wherever here was, than to be on board that
meowing spaceship.  That had been scary.  Ranma had almost gone
into the Neko-ken and that was something that he wanted to avoid
at all costs.  It had been bad enough in China, traveling with a girl
who could change into a tiger at any moment.  He didn't have to
hear cats wherever he went.
        Then Ranma noticed that Tenchi was talking with a little
girl dressed in odd clothes with long blue hair tied in two pony
tails.
        "So you're an alien from the planet Sasami?"
        "You are silly, I come from the planet Jurai," then Sasami
noticed Ranma in the next cell.  "How do you do?  I'm Sasami.
Would you both like to play a game with me?"  And with that she
released them.
        "You're an alien?"  Ranma said, "No way, you're way too
cute to be an alien."  In Ranma's book, aliens were bug-eyed, green
scaled creatures that tried to suck out brains and stuff.  He'd seen
enough movies to know.  His father had taken him to a lot of them,
saying that it was research in case aliens really did invade.  As a
martial artist it was his duty to defend the Earth.  All he saw was a
normal little girl with an odd hair color.
        Sasami blushed at the compliment.  She'd been called cute
before, her mother called her that dozens of times, and yet it
seemed to mean much more coming from Ranma.  He was a
complete stranger, but she got the sense that he was a nice person.
She wondered if Aeka would let him come with them after they
found their missing half-brother Yosho.

        Now they were all hiding behind bushes looking at what
would be a simple house if they weren't on a spaceship.  "See she's
asleep," Sasami said, "Now all you have to do is go in and get her
headband."
        "Why should we get it?" Tenchi asked, "I mean it does
belong to her."
        Sasami pouted at Tenchi, he really was no fun.  Then she
turned to Ranma and beamed, he had called her cute after all.
"Ranma, will you get my sister's headband for me, please?"
        "Uh, sure Sasami."  Not having the same moral upbringing
that Tenchi had, Ranma didn't see what was wrong with this game.
Besides, how could an innocent little girl want to do anything
wrong?  She had to be what, eight?  This was probably a game she
and her sister played all the time.  Just like the games that he and
Ukyo had played as kids.
        Sasami gave him another cute smile and watched him head
towards the house, a confused Tenchi following behind.
"Why are we doing this exactly?" Tenchi asked once
Sasami was out of earshot.
        "Because she's the only one besides her sister who knows
how to get off this ship and get home.  You do want to go home,
right?"
        Tenchi nodded.
        They were silent until they saw the princess lying there.
Each felt a little embarrassed by invading her privacy, until Tenchi
noticed what she clutched in her hand.  "The sword, she's got it."
        "Great, you get that, I'll get her headband.  Now where is
it?"
        "She's wearing it."
        "Damn."
        Both boys tried to claim the objects, but it wasn't easy.
Tenchi managed to pull the sword from her grasp just as Ranma
was poised above her, to remove her headband.  When her eyes
fluttered open Ranma found himself in a very compromising
position.  He immediately wondered why things like this always
seemed to happen to him.
        Next thing he knew he was running for his life with his
cousin from logs that where blasting the countryside.  He picked
up the giggling Sasami without slowing down.
"Very funny, now your logs are out to kill me!"
        "They're not logs, they're guardians.  They're my sister’s,
there's nothing I can do."
        Thankfully Sasami knew the ship well and they managed to
elude the guardians, at least for the moment, when they had come
to the place where Ryoko had been imprisoned.
        Both cousins had been surprised when the vines had
responded to Tenchi's commands, but didn't have time to ponder it
as Ryoko herded them onto Ryo-oki to make good her escape.

        "Don't do that, you'll hurt her," Tenchi pleaded after Ryoko
explained that she was going to crash Aeka's ship.
        "Hey which side are you on anyway?" Ryoko demanded of
the boy, grabbing him by the front of the shirt.  "If you like her so
much, go join her."  She was still upset about that red-haired floozy
that he'd been with at school.
        "But she's just a girl!"  Ranma added.
        "So what?"

        "You!" Ryoko howled at the red haired girl as she pulled
herself from the crash.  Everyone else had already escaped the
wreckage and made it to shore.  Nodaka was putting the Jurai
sisters to bed for a nap after their ordeal while Tenchi and Ryoko
were looking for Ranma.  Tenchi had completely forgotten that
Ryoko didn't know about his curse.
        Ranma looked at Ryoko as if she had suddenly gone crazy,
which from his perspective was just what happened.  What did she
have to get mad about?  She was the one who nearly got them all
killed with that reckless stunt of hers.  Which made the second
time that she had almost killed him.  Shouldn’t he being the one
getting mad?
        "What are you doing here?" Ryoko shouted as she picked
the redhead up by her damp shirt, "And just what have you done
with my Ranma?"
        "Huh?"  was the best that Ranma could do under the
circumstances.
        "Ah, Ryoko," Tenchi said, wondering what he could do to
calm the space pirate down.  Ranma was in no condition for
another fight with her.  Not that he really was a match for her in his
top form.  "That is Ranma."
        "What are you talking about Tenchi?  Ranma is a guy, a
guy!  This is clearly a woman."  Ryoko stated, grabbing a handful
of the redhead's breasts.
        "Would you stop that?"  Ranma nearly whispered.
        That was when Nodaka came back in from the house after
getting the two sisters settled.  She brought a teakettle with her and
without pausing dumped its contents all over Ranma-chan.
Nodaka didn't like the curse anymore than when she had first heard
about it, but she had grown somewhat used to it and kept a
teakettle warm for just such occasions.  Ryoko had never been so
startled in her life to find herself suddenly holding a male Ranma.
        "Wha?" she said, even going as far as to open up Ranma's
shirt and look inside.  Even feeling around the now flat chest.
        With Ranma still out of it, Tenchi carefully explained to the
space pirate about his curse.