No Need for Ranma!
(A Ranma One Half / Tenchi Muyo / Sailor Moon Alternate 
History)
By Ammadeau
Roy.Fokker@UNSpacy.org
http://members.tripod.com/~Ammadeau/fanfiction.htm

As always, C&C, questions, comments, volunteers for pre-readers, 
and suggestions for a new title are welcome.

	A young man crawled on his hands and knees in the sand, 
searching for food, water, anything to help the people he felt 
responsible for, even though he might not have the energy to return 
to camp.  He was their captain, and even though his space ship had 
been a pirate vessel, he was of an unusually high moral character.  
Many compared him to his grandfather, though the major 
difference was his ancestor had been fed and cared for by an army 
of servants, while he had to rob others just so he and his crew 
could stay alive.
	Or used to, at any rate.  The merchant guild ship he thought 
had been easy pickings turned out to be a trap and they stranded 
him and his crew on this god-forsaken desert planet where there 
wasn't a sign of life as far as the eye could see.  Most of his people 
had given up hope by now, resigned to die here, the last remnants 
of a once-grand House.  He hadn't given up though, not when there 
were those who depended on him.
	The man scaled a dune that looked like just like the twenty 
or more he had already passed, but what he saw on the other side 
made him rub his eyes in wonder.  'This can't be real,' he thought to 
himself, as he gazed down upon the largest tree that he had ever 
seen, growing green and healthy right in the middle of the desert.  
What was more important to him and his people though, was the 
small lake which surrounded it.
	With a sudden burst of strength born from desperation, he 
frantically ran down the hill, stumbling and falling in the end to 
land at the edge of the pool.  The man rubbed his eyes again.  He 
knew that this had to be a mirage just like the many others he had 
seen already, but there was just something so real about it that his 
mind refused to pass it off as mere fantasy.
	Slowly, he dipped his hand in the water and nearly pulled it 
right out again.  Despite the oppressive heat of the sun shining 
down on the lake, the water was cool to the touch.  He brought a 
few drops up to his parched lips and tasted pure spring water.  No 
longer caring if this were a mirage, the man cupped his hands and 
drank until he couldn't hold anymore.  He was still starving, but at 
the moment he felt strangely satisfied.
	The man leaned back, the sun's heat now longer feeling 
quite so strong, and jumped up as if suddenly awakened from a 
dream.  This was no time to rest, not when his people needed him!  
Taking out some of the containers he had brought with him, he 
started to fill them up as far as they could go.  It wouldn't be nearly 
enough for everyone, but now that he knew of this place they could 
move their settlement here.  He even considered taking a bath, but 
somehow felt that it would be like polluting a holy shrine.
	It was while he was filling these containers, that he heard a 
voice.  A female voice that was soft as a whisper and seemed to be 
coming from inside his head.  At first he ignored it, thinking it 
some form of madness that had finally overtaken him from the sun 
constantly pounding on his brain, but the voice was persistent.  It 
was, however, very soft and even those words which he could 
make out clearly were in no language that he knew.
	"All right," the man shouted. "What do you want?"
	The voice said very clearly, "Who are you?"
	The man blinked in surprise and looked around.  That voice 
wasn't from inside his head, but there was no one there but him.  
"Who said that?"
	"I did."
	"You?  Well, where I you?"
	"I am right before you."
	"Huh?  The only thing before me is the huge tree."
	"Yes."
	It took a moment or two for that to sink in.  "You're trying 
to tell me that you're that big tree?" the man shouted incredulously.
	"Yes."
	"But trees can't talk!"
	"I can.  I am a space tree, and currently the only one of my 
kind.  I have been waiting for hundreds of years for someone like 
you to arrive."
	"Waiting for me? Why?"
	"Who are you?"  It spoke each word slowly, as if it were 
part of a ritual.
	"I am Yosho, of the House of  . . ."  He stopped himself, 
knowing that his house had been destroyed before he had even 
been born.  He had gotten used to calling himself that, but he felt 
uneasy on trying to lie to this strange tree.  He got the feeling that 
it could see right through him.  "I'm a pirate.  I steal from the rich 
so my crew and I can have food to eat."
	"Why are you here?"
	Again, he had the sense that he were taking part in a 
ceremony of some sort, that this tree already knew all the answers 
to the questions that it asked, but they needed to be spoken aloud.
	"My people and I were stranded here by those who we 
sought to rob."
	"What do you want?"
	"Well, first I'd like to get this water to my people so they 
don't die of thirst," Yosho said almost jokingly. 'I'm having a 
conversation with a tree,' he thought to himself.  'I must be going 
mad.'  "With your permission, of course."
	"Is that all?" the voice sounded disappointed.
	Yosho had the feeling that he had made his first mistake in 
the ritual that he was taking part of.  He was being given a chance 
to make up for his mistake, but the next time the tree might not be 
so lenient.  Being an experienced pirate had given him a feel for 
sensing when he was in a dangerous situation and despite the signs 
of tranquillity, this feeling was sunk deep in his bones.  To fail here 
would bring disaster, for him and his crew.
	"If we don't get some food soon, we'll starve instead of 
dying of thirst.  I'd like to have someplace to live better than this 
dust bowl, a working ship would be nice, as well as revenge 
against the people that left us here.  While I'm at it, might as well 
ask for the restoration of my house and a mighty empire to rule."
	When the tree spoke again, it sounded pleased, which made 
Yosho breathe a small sigh of relief.  The sense of danger had 
lessened, but it wasn't gone completely.
	"I have the power to make this world into a paradise if you 
choose, and to create a mighty fleet for you to command.  I can 
give your lineage power beyond anything any human has ever 
experienced before.  I can make it so that your descendants will 
rule over the galaxy and live in splendor for all of their days.  I can 
grant you all this and more, if you are willing to pledge the service 
of you and your people unto me."
	Yosho found himself suddenly snapped out of his joking 
mood.  He'd thought this was all some sort of hallucination and so 
had been asking for things that only a god could grant.  When the 
tree spoke, however, he got the feeling deep in his bones that it 
could come through with its promises.
	He wasn't exactly fond of the idea of pledging his people to 
anyone, but what choice did he have?  They were dying, would be 
dead, if he couldn't do something to save them.  Striking a bargain 
with a tree, as strange as it seemed, was about the best choice that 
he had.  Actually, it was his only one.
	"All right, if you can do all those things then you have 
yourself a deal.  Now what do I do?"
	"Cross the lake to stand directly before me."
	"How do I do . . ." Yosho started to say when he noticed 
stepping stones rise up out of the water.  "Okay, I see."
	After crossing, he said, "Now what?"
	"Place you hand on my trunk."
	Yosho did as he was told and was shocked as power like he 
had never felt before flowed into his body, removing all the signs 
of weariness and hunger from him.  There was no one there to 
notice the three glowing marks on his forehead appear and then 
slowly fade.
	"Who are you?" he asked, awestruck.
	"I am Tsunami.  Who are you?"
	"I am Yosho, of the House Jurai . . . no.  I am Yosho, first 
king of the planet Jurai!"

Chapter 1: The Return of Ranma

	Ranma cursed his luck as the bus splashed him.  'She' 
squeezed the dirty water out of now red hair and tight-fitting shirt.
	A few minutes later and he was before the Masaki 
household, home ever since his pop died protecting him and his 
mom six years ago.  It seemed like a lifetime.  They had moved in 
with his cousin Tenchi and Uncle Nobuyuki, who had lost his own 
spouse years before.  Memories of good times spent there were 
almost enough to wash the bitter taste of China out of his mouth.

	Tenchi looked up from his homework to wonder who could 
be knocking in the middle of the day. It would be almost another 
week before his cousin Ranma was to come back from his training 
journey to China. His father was at work and Auntie Nodoka was 
out buying groceries.
	Grandpa rarely visited; more often than not, Tenchi had to 
be the one to go to see him.  The tension between father and 
daughter hadn't really lessened over the years, not even after the 
death of its cause, the man that Nodoka had married against his 
wishes.  Tenchi hoped that the silent war between mother and 
daughter would end some day, but both of them were too stubborn 
to back down.
	Tenchi opened the door to face a beautiful young redhead 
dressed in a red Chinese shirt and black pants.  "Um . . . excuse 
me?" he managed to blurt out.
	Ranma looked up and said, "Oh, hi Tenchi."
	Tenchi was stunned.  At school, girls rarely paid any 
attention to him, usually gawking at his cousin who was oblivious 
to their interest.
	Here was a girl that knew Tenchi's name and used it like 
they were old friends.  Yet he was sure that he hadn't seen her 
before.  With that flaming red hair she'd be hard not to notice.
	"Ah, who are you exactly?"  Tenchi asked, and 
immediately berated himself for blowing his chance by saying 
something so stupid.
	Finally Ranma remembered what he looked like at the 
moment, a little surprised that he could so easily forget something 
like what gender he was.  He guessed that in coming home from 
China he had gotten so used to the differences in his two forms that 
he didn't notice them anymore.  That irked him a little bit, he didn't 
want to get used to his curse.
	"Oops... sorry, I forgot what I look like," he said, rubbing 
the back of his head in embarrassment.  "It's me, Tenchi.  Ranma."
	"Ranma?" Tenchi asked, more confused then ever.  He was 
sure that the Ranma he had shared a room with hadn't been a girl, 
and the way that the wet shirt clung to this girl's ample features not 
only identified her as female, but started a slight nosebleed.  
Someone must be playing a joke on him or something.  
	"Ranma."  Tenchi laughed sheepishly, absently rubbing the 
back of his head, totally unaware that he was mimicking the girl's  
earlier gesture.  "That's funny, I have a cousin with the exact same 
name.  You could be related to him."
	"I am him," Ranma stated, starting to grow annoyed with 
both his cousin and his curse.  "I know I don't look like it right now 
but I'm your cousin Ranma that's been staying here for the past six 
years.  Just get me some hot water and I'll explain everything."
	"Oh okay, won't you come in?"  Tenchi lead the way back 
into the house, leaving 'Ranma' in the living room as he got a glass 
of warm water from the kitchen.  'Did Ranma get a sex change in 
China?'  The very notion seemed ridiculous.  'Ranma was the 
manliest person he knew and proud of it.  Auntie Nodoka was 
forever telling her friends of how 'manly' her son was. And what 
did hot water have to do with anything?'
	Despite the confusion with his cousin, Ranma felt great 
being back in the calm Masaki living room, after all the chaos of 
China. Soon he'd be seeing his mother again, hanging out with his 
cousin and friends, going back to school (urk, well, not everything 
is pleasant), and his life would be back to normal... as long as he 
kept away from cold water, that is.  Yeah, right, he hadn't had 
much success with that lately.  Ever since getting the stupid curse, 
disaster after disaster seemed to strike him and his life had been 
hectic enough to begin with.
	Tenchi came back in and gave Ranma a glass of water, his 
face still marked by confusion.
	"There's a place in China called Jusenkyo," Ranma began 
to explain.  "It's a valley filled with cursed pools that various 
people and animals have drowned in over the years.  Anyone falls 
into these pools takes on the form of whatever drowned there.  
Cold water activates the curse, but hot water reverses it."
	And with that he dumped the glass on himself, changing 
before Tenchi's startled eyes from a beautiful red-haired woman to 
his black-haired cousin.
	"So you . . .?" Tenchi managed to stutter out.
	Ranma nodded.  "Yep, fell into spring of drowned young 
girl.  Very tragic story of a young girl who drowned there 1500 
years ago."
	Tenchi really needed to sit down after seeing the change.  
It's not every day a potential girlfriend becomes your male cousin 
before your eyes.  "I guess this is why you're back to early.  How 
did this happen?"
	"Well, let's wait for my mom to come home.  I don't want 
to explain this more than I have to."
	Nodoka was overjoyed to see her son again, but was less 
than pleased when she found out about his curse.  She had always 
tried to raise him as the pinnacle of manhood, and now with a 
careless gesture he had become half-woman.  She found her center 
as she always did before beginning sword practice, and asked 
calmly for the whole story.
	"Well you know that pops always wanted to take me to 
China to train," Ranma began to say.  It was going a lot easier than 
he had thought.  He'd been half-worried that his mom would reach 
for her katana as soon as Ranma had demonstrated his new curse.  
His mom had been training him in their family's unique style of 
kendo for six years now and she always went harder on him when 
she was upset with him.
	"It was part of his dream.  I guess when Tendo-sensei took 
over training me it became his dream as well.  He would always 
talk up the ancient mystery, the beauty, the fierce battles, and the 
many sights pops wanted me to see.  One such place was Jusenkyo.
	"The guide there tried to warn us, but his Japanese was 
pretty bad and Akane and me were too hyped up to try to listen 
anyway.  We were jumping from these bamboo poles over shallow 
pools, practicing mid-air combat. Tendo-sensei quickly joined in.  
	"Well, I've always been a little better than Akane and I 
knocked her into one of the pools.  I was worried when Akane 
didn't surface immediately since I know she can't swim, but the 
pools couldn't have been more than waist deep.  Then a tiger 
suddenly jumps out of the pool and attacks me!  Well mom, you 
know how I am with cats so the rest of it was kind of a blur.  Next 
thing I know, I'm sitting next to a panda, my hair is red, and my 
chest is . . . um . . . you know, bigger."
	When Ranma heard his mother shouting at Mr. Tendo on 
the phone, he decided to save the rest of his story for later, like 
some time next decade.

	"Aren't you even going to start your homework?" Tenchi 
asked his cousin, who was currently lounging on his futon and 
looking up at the ceiling while Tenchi was busy doing math.  
Tenchi had the same amount of assignments as Ranma and knew 
that it would be hard to get it all done in a week.  It was no surprise 
to Tenchi that Ranma didn't even bother to bring his homework 
with him, even though that was part of the agreement to let him 
leave on vacation early.  Just about everyone knew how Ranma felt 
about school. 
	"Hey, I only got back an hour ago, I need a break.  Besides, 
there's almost a week before school starts, I have plenty of time to 
get it all done."
	"Did you forget that the teacher gave you a whole different 
set of assignments so you couldn't copy off me or any of your 
girlfriends?"  The teacher had wised up to this when Ranma, never 
being an exceptional student, started handing in homework that 
was neatly written and on time.
	"Girlfriends?" Ranma asked with some alarm.  "What are 
you talking about, Tenchi?"
	"Oh, come on.  Those girls who are always helping you out 
in school.  There has to be over a dozen of them.  It's like you have 
your own fan club or something!"
	"They're just my friends, Tenchi.  So what they help me out 
sometimes?  I've been teaching them all martial arts to pay them 
back for it.  They were really eager to learn for some reason."
	Tenchi decided not to mention that the girls spent more 
time watching Ranma exercise in his gi than actually learning 
martial arts.  You'd think he'd catch on after the tenth time they 
asked him to perform the katas over again.  Only two of his friends 
were actually serious about martial arts, and one of them was just 
as serious about Ranma himself.
	Not liking where this line of conversation was leading, 
Ranma decided to change the subject.  "So Tenchi, found out 
what's really in that cave yet?  The whole demon thing is probably 
only to keep people away.  There could be some kind of treasure in 
there."
	"You know it's kept locked and only grandpa has the key."
	"So?  He must keep the key somewhere.  I bet it's in his 
office at the shrine.  All you have to do is sneak in there and put 
the key back later.  It'd be easy."
	"Easy for you maybe. You have any idea what he'll do if he 
catches me?  He's been forbidding me to even go near that cave 
since I was little."
	Not that that had really stopped Tenchi in the past.  In fact, 
near the entrance of the cave had been one of his favorite places to 
play.  He had just felt so safe there, like someone was always 
watching out for him.  It was his special place, much like the holy 
tree was Ranma's.
	"He won't do anything to you, after all you're his favorite, 
his heir.  You, he'll forgive."
	Ranma didn't bother disguising the bitterness he felt to the 
old man who refused to acknowledge him as his grandson.  He 
wasn't sure why, all Ranma knew that it had something to do with 
his pop before Ranma was even born.  Still, he found it impossible 
to actually hate his grandfather.  The old man was teaching him 
that sword style of his, along with Tenchi.  While Ranma usually 
preferred to fight with his fists, he was well-versed in the 
advantages of kendo.  His preference could be due to the fact that 
his cousin Tenchi was better at kendo than he was.
	"I don't know about this.  I want to but . . ."
	"Jeez, you've sure turned cowardly since I've been away."
	"Hey, you take that back!" Tenchi shouted.  Though he had 
never told him this, Tenchi idolized his cousin and tried to emulate 
him as best he could.  Tenchi had never been all that brave, and so 
worked hard to be as fearless as Ranma (except when it came to 
cats, that is).
	"I mean, who would have thought that the once great 
Tenchi Masaki, captain of Juuban's undefeated kendo club, would 
have turned chicken so quickly."
	"Stop it right now, Ranma!"
	"And afraid of his own grandfather no less, a feeble old 
man.  Such a shame."  Ranma knew that grandpa was anything but 
feeble, but he wanted to goad his cousin on.
	"All right already, I'll do it!  I was going to visit grandpa 
the day before school anyway, but you're coming with me, all the 
way into the cave to face whatever is in there."
	"Wouldn't miss it.  Have to make sure that you don't 
chicken out."
	Tenchi decided to switch the subject back to him.  "So it 
must be rough to be in love with a girl that changes into your 
biggest fear."
	"What?!!"  Ranma practically screamed, exasperated and 
utterly confused.
	"You and Akane must have had some pretty romantic 
moments in China, after all the trouble you went through to be 
alone together.  Out under the stars, waiting for old man Tendo to 
fall asleep so you can sneak into her tent and  . . ."
	"Have you gone insane?!!  I would never do anything like 
that with an uncute tomboy like Akane!  And if I had tried 
something that macho chick would've booted me right back to 
Japan!  She wouldn't have come at all if she hadn't threatened 
Tendo-sensei with her cooking."
	Tenchi had only met Akane a few times since his 
grandfather didn't want him to even try picking up Anything Goes 
style.  While she wasn't always understanding, he could tell at heart 
that she was basically a good person. Ranma himself had told 
Tenchi that Akane was liable to say anything when she got really 
angry.  When she as seven, she once yelled at the mailman because 
a stuffed animal she had sent away for was late.
	Tenchi could also tell that, while she treated Ranma as an 
almost hated rival, she actually considered him a friend and 
perhaps something more.  They had known each other since they 
were five years old and been rivals for almost as long.  Tenchi had 
come to feel a little resentment for the strong bond he saw between 
Ranma and Akane. 
	Not liking where that though was going, Tenchi decided to 
try and at least get his cousin to start his homework, though he 
doubted he'd be finished in time for school.  It wasn't that his 
cousin was stupid, a little na‹ve sometimes yes, but not stupid.  It 
was he just didn't see any worth in school and thought of it as 
wasting time.  It was the Art that Ranma lived for, and Tenchi 
sincerely hoped that his cousin could find something else in life 
besides martial arts.  Like a nice girl to settle down with.

	Rei and her best friend sat on the steps to her grandfather's 
shrine.  They had become companions after being ostracized by 
every other social group in their last year of elementary school.   
No one else could really understand how they could put so much 
time into one thing; Rei with being a shrine maiden and her friend 
with her cooking.  This similarity was probably what had kept 
them so close over the years.
	That's not to say that they didn't have their difficulties.  It 
had been quite a shock to Rei, also known as Sailor Mars, to find 
out that Sailor Jupiter was none other than her best friend Ukyo.
	Rei and Ukyo were waiting impatiently for the rest of their 
'friends' to show.  They used the term loosely since each of them 
had a member of their little group that they weren't particularly 
fond of.  
	It wasn't surprising that Sailor Mars and Mercury didn't get 
along.  They seemed to represent their elemental natures, though 
Mercury was more like ice than water.  An argument sprouting up 
between them was the only sure thing to happen at a senshi 
meeting.
	As for Jupiter and Venus -- well, Moon was really the only 
one who was actually friendly with Venus, though the rest usually 
tolerated her.  Ukyo couldn't stand the stuck-up senshi, since girls 
like her had been alienating the okonomiyaki chef all her life.  
Ukyo found it hard to actually hate Venus, however, since she had 
once saved her life.
	"They're always late! What could be keeping them this 
time?"  Rei asked angrily.  'Are Ucchan and I the only ones who 
realize how serious the situation is?'
	"Oh, lighten up Rei-chan!  They should be here in a couple 
of minutes anyway."
	'Scratch that,' Rei thought, 'I'm the only one who takes this 
seriously.'
	Ukyo was too preoccupied with wondering if she should 
call the Masaki home again to see if Ranma was home.  Besides, 
Ukyo and Rei were the only ones who were ever on time because 
they actually lived in Juuban.  For some reason, all the others were 
from Nerima.  They might have picked a meeting place more 
convenient to all if secrecy hadn't been such a big issue.  There was 
also the fact that Juuban was where the senshi usually needed to 
be.  More than one of their meetings had been broken up by a 
yoma sighting.
	Rei and Ukyo had been sitting there for fifteen minutes 
when two figures, followed by a black cat, calmly made their way 
up the shrine steps. They were surprisingly calm, considering this 
was the third time in a row they had been late.  Neither of them 
was easily bothered by anything, but each for a different reason.
	The first figure was a tall girl, though she was now at an 
age where young woman might have been more appropriate term.  
She wore a simple dress with her long brown hair tied off in a 
loose ponytail.  There was also a bit of something unnatural about 
her, a sort of serenity that could only be obtained by not fully 
living in the real world.  While she was sincerely apologetic for 
being late, she thought that it wasn't something to get worked up 
over.
	The second figure was in many ways the opposite of the 
first.  She was about average height, with her hair cut unusually 
short for a girl.  Everything she wore was trendy and expensive, 
from her designer jeans to her name brand sneakers.  Her eyes were 
sharp and were constantly looking around her, as if she were aware 
of everything happening in her vicinity.  She wasn't apologetic for 
being tardy, partially because she didn't care about things that 
weren't her fault to begin with, but mostly because she knew it 
would anger Rei.
	"Sorry we're late," she said with a distinct lack of sincerity 
in her voice.  "The train was delayed. Some sort of problem with 
the track."
	"You wouldn't have had that problem if you had taken the 
earlier train like I asked, Nabiki," Rei lectured.
	"Now, now Rei," Kasumi said, breaking up a potential spat.  
"My sister does her best to get us both here on time.  Nerima might 
not be that far away, but it isn't easy for us to come here regularly 
and still keep our secret from everyone."
	Rei hated it when Kasumi butted in on her and Nabiki's 
verbal sparring matches, mainly coming to the defense of her 
sister.  Rei liked to argue; it helped her to relieve some much 
accumulated stress.  She suspected that Nabiki felt the same way.  
Their near constant bickering was actually beneficial to the both of 
them.
	It was impossible to argue with Kasumi.  Rei had tried; the 
result was usually being forced to admit that you were wrong and 
making an embarrassing public apology.  None of the normal 
arguing tactics worked against her.  Logic failed against her; Rei 
had come up with a long, complex argument once that Kasumi had 
completely undermined with a few words.  Facts were worthless; 
Kasumi always knew more about any subject than Rei did, no 
matter what it was.  Getting angry was just plain stupid; at best 
Kasumi wouldn't react at all, at worse she would mildly scold Rei, 
which always made the senshi of Mars feel like a naughty child.
	"We don't have time for your bickering now anyway," Luna 
announced in an irritated tone.   "We have urgent matters to discuss 
today."  'Why can't the others get along as well as Kasumi did with 
everyone?'  the moon cat wondered.
	"Aren't we still missing someone, Luna?"  Rei asked, 
feeling a little peeved at being denied her argument.
	"Make that someones," Nabiki added, who was also feeling 
irritated.  She had her whole quarrel planned out already and now 
all that effort was wasted.  Maybe she could use it next time.  
"We're still one cat short, if you hadn't noticed Rei."
	Before they could start bickering again, Kasumi said, "Yes, 
we really should wait for them.  It would be rude not to."
	Ukyo ground her teeth and said nothing.  She wondered 
why, out of all the people in the world, that . . . girl had to be
Sailor Venus.  She was just the kind of person that she loathed.
	Then came a sound from the bottom of the steps that had 
chilled many an evil doer's heart (and quite a few innocent hearts 
as well).  Villains, scoundrels, and a number of gymnasts were 
known to quake in fear at its very sound.  It was laughter.
	"Ohohohohoho!  I see that you have all waited for the 
arrival for the star of our little group.  Tarry no longer for I, 
Kodachi the Black Rose, have arrived."
	Kodachi leapt to the top of the steps, landing gracefully on 
one foot.  She was still dressed in her St. Hebeke's school uniform, 
and her dark hair was tied off to one side in a lop-sided ponytail.  
She held a certain white moon cat gently in her arms who looked to 
be napping.
	Everyone except Kasumi grimaced at her little speech.  
They could all put up with her, mainly because they had to, but 
they didn't have to like it.
	"Nice of you to finally show up," Nabiki said, sarcasm 
oozing from her voice.  She wanted to get angry at someone.  If it 
couldn't be Rei, then Kodachi was her second choice.
	"Oh, was I late?" Kodachi asked as she carefully set the 
still-sleeping Artemis down next to Luna.  "I'm afraid that brother 
dear was making use of the family limo and our other car is in the 
shop.  I will endeavor to be more punctual for our next 
rendezvous."
	"Well, that's great Kodachi, but that's what you say every 
time you're late, which is a lot more often than when you're on 
time," Rei said, wanting to get her digs into the Black Rose as 
well.  
	It was no secret that, among the senshi, Venus was the least 
popular; but for some odd reason she seemed to be the closest one 
to Kasumi, who was easily the nicest person any of them had ever 
met.  How Sailor Moon was able to put up with her was a mystery, 
even to Nabiki.
	"Well, I do try to be on time, but I have other obligations 
besides being a senshi.  After all, you can't expect one as popular 
as I to be available on your beck and call. Woe is me, to be so well 
adored, not only as the young star of the gymnastics world, but 
also the enormously popular senshi Sailor V.  If only I could be as 
unpopular as the other senshi.  Sailor Mars, for example."
	It was also somewhat odd that among their fans, Sailor 
Venus, or Sailor V as she had once been known, was the most 
popular of the senshi.  The Sailor Venus figures and merchandise 
that Nabiki marketed under an alias were better sellers than all the 
other senshi merchandise combined.  Not to mention that the Sailor 
V game Artemis had come up with was still one of the most played 
in the local arcades.  It irked Nabiki almost as much as being voted 
'least popular senshi' by their official fanclub.
	"If you had taken the train, like Kasumi and I, then you 
would have been on time," Nabiki said, conveniently avoiding the 
fact that she and her sister were late nearly as often as Kodachi.
	"The train?  How quaint," Kodachi said as if the very idea 
were impossible.  "While it may be a fit mode of transportation for 
people like yourself, it is hardly adequate for one such as I.  It 
pains me to hear that your noble sister must suffer such a 
pedestrian way of traveling."
	The Black Rose turned to address the eldest Tendo sister.  
"Kasumi, you must allow me to use the family limo to convey you 
to our next meeting.  I suppose that your sister may come as well, 
if she must."
	Before Nabiki could come up with a scathing retort, 
Kasumi said, "Thank you very much, Kodachi.  I'm sure that my 
sister and I are grateful for your kind and generous offer."
	"It is the duty of every noblewoman to aid those less 
fortunate.  Think nothing of it," the Black Rose replied with a wave 
of her hand.
	"Why is this meeting so important anyway?"  Ukyo asked 
Luna, trying to pretend that Kodachi wasn't there and cut the rose-
girl off before she became even more egotistical.  "We haven't 
even seen a yoma for weeks now."
	The black moon cat muttered a few choice words under her 
breath that made Artemis' fur stand on end, being the only one who 
could understand them, and then shouted, "Because we still have to 
find the princess!"
	"I thought that was Kasumi.  I mean, she used the silver 
crystal and you said before that only the princess could use it."
	"Look, I said it but I was wrong at the time.  I forgot to take 
in our unique situation here."
	"And, pray tell, what situation would that be?" Kodachi 
asked.
	"We went all over this the first time Kasumi used the silver 
crystal!"
	"You better go over it again," Nabiki said, "because I think 
you left some things out the first time.  I remember something 
about the queen messing up when she used the silver crystal and 
personalities getting switched all around."
	"Yes, that's it, more or less.  Only Queen Serenity didn't 
'mess up' as you said; the problem was the way she used the silver 
crystal was very uncertain.  Actually, we're lucky that it worked at 
all."
	"Maybe you should explain it all from the beginning.  I'll 
write it all down in the Mercury computer for future reference."
	Luna nodded, cleared her throat, and began.  "Back in the 
days of the Silver Millennium, each world, including the Moon, 
had a guardian, or senshi.  While these senshi were chosen and 
given power by the very planets which they were from, that power 
was ultimately released by the original Queen Serenity using the 
silver crystal.  This was done in exchange for the government of 
each planet swearing loyalty to the Moon.  As long as that loyalty 
was maintained, then there would be a senshi to guard their planet.  
These senshi were also sworn to watch over the princess of the 
Moon, who was also always named Serenity.
	"Pluto was an unusual case, however.  Despite no longer 
having a population, it also developed a senshi.  No one knows 
where the girl originally came from."
	"Wait, I remember you saying before that the Earth didn't 
have a senshi,"  Rei said.
	Luna nodded as she kicked the still-slumbering Artemis 
awake.  "The Earth didn't receive a senshi because their royal 
family had always refused to sign the treaty that would ally his 
kingdom with the Moon.  One of the reasons for the objection was 
they would be unable to select the senshi, since it would be the 
planet Earth itself that would do so.  Instead, Endymion, by which 
I mean the prince and not the king who had the same name, had 
four bodyguards to watch over him."
	"And those were the guys who Beryl corrupted and turned 
into her dark generals, right?"  Ukyo asked.
	"Well yes, but with all of them gone now we don't have to 
worry about that.  As I was saying . . . um, where was I exactly?"
	"Queen Serenity had just created senshi to watch over her 
heir and all of the planets except Earth," Nabiki said in a bored 
tone.  She wished Luna would just get to the point.
	"On nearly every world, the most skilled and intelligent 
girls were chosen when the princess of the Moon reached the age 
of fourteen.  It was also at this time when the princess would 
become a senshi, Sailor Moon.
	"Many, many years after things went like this from 
generation to generation.  Then one year, the princess turned 
fourteen and no new senshi were chosen.  The old senshi still 
retained their powers and the queen could still become Sailor 
Moon, but no matter how much she tried, her daughter could not.  
Queen Serenity even tried to use the silver crystal to reawaken the 
power of the planets, but ultimately failed since it was only the 
original Queen Serenity who knew how to do this.
	"This change in a long-established order was seen by some 
as a sign of the looming downfall of the Silver Millennium.  Some 
began to plot and plan on taking advantage of this.  One such 
person was the last living descendent of the short-lived Pluto royal 
family.  She called herself Queen Beryl.  She had been staying on 
Earth at the time, trying to engage herself to Prince Endymion.  
She wanted to become the queen of Earth and use it as a stepping 
stone to conquer the solar system.
	"Three tense years followed, where sudden outbreaks of 
terrorism and minor wars taxed the abilities of the aging senshi.  
All except the senshi of Pluto, who as far as we know, was the 
original person chosen for the duty.  She, however, fought little 
and did not act as if she thought herself subject to the queen.
	"During a short moment of calm, eight fourteen-year old 
girls suddenly found themselves chosen by the planets to take the 
places of the senshi, three years after this should have occurred.  In 
many ways, these were the greatest senshi ever known, since they 
started more powerful and skilled than they should have been.  
Opposition was quickly pushed back.
	"On the Moon, however, things had gone a bit differently.  
Many expected the princess to finally receive her powers, but that 
was not to be. Instead, a young, distant cousin was chosen to take 
up the mantel of Sailor Moon.  This was a shock to many, for not 
only was the princess not Sailor Moon for the first time in history, 
but the person chosen to wield that power wasn't very competent."
	"Actually, that's putting it mildly," said Artemis, butting in 
on Luna's story to get back at her for making him stay awake 
through a tale that he already knew.  "She was a ditz, a klutz, and 
was always tripping over her own feet.  The only way she could 
fight evil was by making them laugh too hard at her antics."
	Luna wished that she had just let Artemis sleep.  "She 
might not have been as bad as Artemis makes her out to be, but as 
a defender of the Moon and the princess she was a failure.  Now, 
it's important to know that at this time King Endymion and Queen 
Serenity had come to an agreement, which was that Earth would 
ally itself with the Moon only if the king's son was betrothed to the 
moon princess.  So it was arranged and Prince Endymion began 
making frequent trips to the Moon.  I understand that he first did 
this more to get away from Beryl rather than being all that 
interested in the engagment.
	"It was a little over a week after this that Sailor Moon 
suddenly found herself a protector in the form of Tuxedo Kamen.  
Usually, all he would do was encourage her to fight on and leave 
most of the actual battles to her.  I would only find out about this 
much later, but it turns out that Tuxedo Kamen was in reality 
Endymion who had taken pity in the Moon's defender.  He might 
even have been surprised when that pity turned to love."
	"But that's great!"  Ukyo enthused, "All we have to do is 
figure out who Tuxedo Kamen is and we'll have found the prince!  
He should be able to lead us right to the princess!"
	"But none of us have been able to uncover his identity for 
over a year now!" Luna shouted at her in irritation, mostly due to 
being interrupted yet again.
	The sailor senshi all nodded.  It was true; after every 
appearance, Tuxedo Kamen would vanish completely, so they had 
never been able to find out who he really was.  Not even after 
saving him from Beryl's mind control.
	"Also at this time, Queen Beryl was secretly growing more 
powerful, aided by a mysterious being known as Queen Metallia, 
though none of us knew this at the time.  She wanted the silver 
crystal and would stop at nothing in order to get it.  Beryl 
corrupted many people on different worlds, including Endymion's 
bodyguards.  The only people her influence couldn't touch directly 
was any royalty or the sailor senshi.  This meant war.
	"Everything finally came to a head during a gala ball on the 
moon.  Beryl had used her growing influence to make sure that all 
of the senshi attended.  This way she could conquer the worlds one 
by one, leaving no one left to oppose her rule.  She chose a 
moment when sunspot activity was at its peak, making 
communication between worlds nearly impossible.  One by one the 
planets fell to Beryl, making her stronger, while the people of the 
Moon drank and danced in blissful ignorance.  Eventually, Beryl 
set her sights on Queen Serenity and the silver crystal.
	"We were caught totally unprepared for such a vicious 
assault and were quickly overwhelmed.  The senshi tried to protect 
Queen Serenity, but like the planets they represented, one by one 
they fell.  As she saw the enemy quickly approaching her daughter, 
Queen Serenity did the one thing she had sworn never to do; she 
used the silver crystal as a weapon."
	Artemis gave Luna look that none of the others noticed.  
Knowing the other moon cat for so long, she knew that he was 
wondering why she was deliberately leaving parts out of her story.  
Luna tried to convey that she would explain it to him later.  
Artemis nodded slightly.  None of the senshi noticed their silent 
exchange.
	"In the end, Queen Serenity won, but a terrible cost.  Beryl 
and her minions were sealed away for what she thought to be 
forever, but her empire lay in ashes at her feet.  People were either 
dead or dying around her.  Somehow, she knew that this was the 
fate of most worlds, that for some reason only the Earth had been 
spared.  And knowing this, she gathered some of the dying around 
her and used the crystal for a final time, sending the souls of her 
daughter and the senshi into the future where they could be reborn 
again."
	"But she screwed up, right?  Beryl eventually freed herself 
and some souls got mixed up," Rei prompted.
	"As I said before, she didn't 'screw up.'  The silver crystal 
was never intended to be used as such, certainly not right after 
being used in yet another unusual manner.  And so things didn't 
turn out the way that she had intended them to.  Artemis and I were 
brought back in our true bodies, though our powers seem to be 
greatly reduced.  Endymion seems to have been reincarnated, but 
I'm not entirely certain that things are as they should be with 
Tuxedo Kamen.  If he is Endymion, then why is he defending 
Kasumi?"
	"But did you not say that it was the duty of Tuxedo Kamen 
to defend Sailor Moon?"  Kodachi asked.
	"Kasumi is Sailor Moon, yet she has the personality of the 
princess, and therefore not the woman he was in love with. He 
should know that instinctively."  Luna sounded especially 
frustrated over this.
	"I don't get it," Ukyo told the moon cat,  "If Kasumi has the 
personality of the princess, then isn't she the princess?"
	Luna sighed.  "There are two essential parts to a person, 
one's soul and one's personality.  Simply put, personality is who 
you are, while a soul is what you are.  Kasumi has the soul of 
Sailor Moon, therefore she _is_ Sailor Moon, but she somehow got 
the personality of the princess, which means she acts like the old 
princess had, but since she doesn't have her soul, she isn't the 
princess.
	"The rest of you all have the souls of the senshi which you 
represent, since the power of the planets are linked to those souls.  
The personalities, however.  I never really knew the other senshi 
all that well, but it seems to me that Rei, for instance, has the same 
personality as the old Sailor Mars, while Nabiki doesn't seem to 
have the same personality as the old Sailor Mercury.  I think Ukyo 
and Kodachi are the same as the old Sailor Jupiter and Sailor 
Venus, but I am not entirely certain."
	"Look, does that really matter?" Nabiki broke in.  "We're 
the way that we are now and there's no way of changing it. You've 
been keeping an eye on the Masaki shrine for a while now, Luna, 
but you haven't reported anything.  I guess Tenchi isn't Tuxedo 
Kamen."
	Luna shook her head a little sadly.  She had been so sure 
that Tenchi was Tuxedo Kamen too.  He was about the right 
height, with similar hair and voice, but not once did Luna feel even 
the smallest trace of the power of the silver crystal, which was how 
she had sensed all of the senshi.  She had sensed something else, 
but was positive that it had nothing to do with the Silver 
Millennium.  Well, almost positive.
	"I'm so glad that Artemis was able to tell that my dear 
brother isn't this Tuxedo Kamen.  He already shames the house of 
Kuno with his insistence on wooing your youngest sibling, 
Kasumi.  Her absence to China has only made him worse, though 
he may not be quite so bad if your mercenary sister didn't continue 
on selling him those photos which now decorate his room.  I fear 
what will happen when he learns of Tuxedo Kamen and finds the 
masked defender of justice similar to his fanciful samurai ideal."
	The other senshi shivered at the notion.  Working with one 
Kuno was bad enough, two would be hell.
	"Well, Ranma could still be Tuxedo Kamen," Kasumi 
added to their discussion.
	That was odd about Sailor Moon; all of the other senshi 
acknowledged her as their leader, but she rarely said or did 
anything.  Most of the discussion and planning was usually 
handled by Rei, Nabiki, Luna, and Artemis.  Most of the actual 
fighting was done by Ukyo, Rei, and Kodachi.  Sailor Moon 
usually just made her speech at the beginning and finished off the 
monster at the end.
	"He better not be!" Ukyo declared almost right afterwards.  
Ranma was her boyfriend after all, even if he didn't know it yet.  
He shouldn't be spending all that time encouraging and saving 
Kasumi.  Tuxedo Kamen had yet to save Sailor Jupiter even once.
	"But it is possible," Kasumi persisted, unaware just how her 
fellow senshi felt about a certain pig-tailed boy.  "Luna and 
Artemis could never get close enough to sense him because of his 
ailurophobia.  They've tried to sneak up on him, but for some 
reason, he can always sense when there is a cat nearby."
	"I tried configuring my Mercury computer to detect silver 
crystal energy, but since it was truly messed up by the silver crystal 
I can't figure out how to do it."
	Not only had some of their personalities been all mixed 
around, but some of their senshi equipment had been damaged as 
well when the queen had used the silver crystal to send them to the 
future.  The Mercury computer's hardware was fine, but most of 
the software was either erased or scrambled.  Even with Artemis' 
help, Nabiki had to take a crash course in computer programming 
just to get the thing working again
	"That's a first, the mighty Sailor Mercury admitting that she 
can't do something," Rei jumped in.
	"At least I admit my faults, unlike a certain priestesses.  
Maybe you just have so many that you don't know where to start."
	"Ahem!" said Luna, "Can we get back to the matter at hand 
please.  Personally, I don't think that Ranma could be Tuxedo 
Kamen."
	"You're just counting him out because he hates cats," Ukyo 
observed.  Even though she didn't want Ranma to be Tuxedo 
Kamen, she didn't like anyone saying that he couldn't be.  She 
really liked the idea of him being a reincarnated prince, but then he 
was her prince already.
	Luna growled a little on that, probably because it was true.
	Artemis decided that he should try to bring this back under 
control before everyone started fighting each other, except for 
Kasumi of course.  He would never call the relatively frequent 
brawls that broke out between the women 'cat-fights' though.  That 
would result in him getting beaten up.  It was somewhat surprising 
how well they all got along under combat situations.
	"Tuxedo Kamen's true identity is only of secondary 
importance.  Who we have to find is the princess.  She is the only 
one who can unlock the true power of the silver crystal and restore 
the moon kingdom."
	"And why would we want to do that?"  Nabiki asked, a 
little more than irritated, having yet another argument end 
prematurely.  "Why would we want to restore the moon kingdom 
in the first place?  I'm happy with the way things are on Earth."
	"Think about it.  We just barely won against our latest 
enemies.  What will we do if we face a new enemy even stronger 
than they were?"
	"We would lose, unless we could increase our powers 
somehow,"  Kasumi answered.
	"And that is why we must find the princess as soon as 
possible," Luna announced, since she finally had everyone's 
attention again.  "She would be able to use the silver crystal so the 
senshi can draw on more power from the planets they represent."
	"Can't Kasumi do that?" Ukyo asked.  "She used the silver 
crystal before."
	"Unfortunately no.  We already tried.  While Kasumi can 
use the silver crystal to temporarily boost her and the other senshi's 
powers, she can not use it for anything else.  Even using the crystal 
in that manner is very risky.  If Kasumi tried it again, she might not 
survive."
	"Oh dear!"  Kodachi said in alarm, surprising a few people.
	"Okay, I see your point," Nabiki said.  The absolute last 
thing she wanted to see was her sister dead.  She didn't like the fact 
that Kasumi risked her life as Sailor Moon to begin with.  "We 
need to find the princess quick before trouble starts up again, 
because we know things aren't going to stay quiet for much longer 
around here.  How do we go about it?  We've been looking for her 
for a year now and no results so far."
	"Is there anything you can tell us that might identify her?" 
Ukyo asked.  "Besides that she's a klutz I mean."
	"Remember that is only if the princess's personality was 
swapped with that of the former Sailor Moon.  I seem to recall that 
all the princesses of the moon had the compulsion to wear a 
strange hairstyle that was supposed to be representative of the 
world which they would rule.  Since Kasumi doesn't have this, it's 
possible that this compulsion resided in the soul.  Yet, for some 
reason, I can't remember what it was.  Can you remember, 
Artemis?"
	The white moon cat shook his head.  "Only that it always 
made me hungry for some reason."
	"So we've got to be on the lookout for a possibly klutzy girl 
with a weird hairstyle?" Nabiki summarized.
	The two moon cats reluctantly agreed.

	"Achoo!"
	"Are you all right dear?"
	"I'm fine, mom."
	Somewhere not too far from the temple, a certain blonde 
klutz with an odd hairdo that often reminded people of dumplings 
went back to eating snacks, reading manga, and completely 
ignoring her homework.  It wouldn't be the first time that Usagi  
Tsukino would have to stay after on the first day of school.  It 
would, however, be the most memorable.

