
	The good old day's are said to be what old comrades talk about when 
they finally meet after a extended period of time. Some prefer to remenices
over a few beers, others through games of chance, and yet others prefer the
method used by the two men sitting in the Tendo tea room...weeping openly in
torrents of moisture.

	As Nabiki walked past the door to the tea room and saw her father 
crying with a large bespecticled man she raised her eyebrow in curiosity. As
Nabiki moved toward the kitchen she looks at Kasumi making the evening meal.
"Any idea who the guy with dad is?"

	"Not a one." Kasumi quickly responded turning her attention back to 
cooking dinner.


			No need to be Wild:
		Tenchi Muyo-Ranma 1/2 crossover

Part 2: Plus ce change, Plus ce meme chose!


Near the verandah of the Tendo home...

	Ranma sat indian style a serious expression showing on her face as
she looked out to the koi pond. <Well I can either tell them now or try and
hide my affliction> the young girl thought. "Phht...What am I thinking sooner
or later they'll find out."

	"Find out what Washu-chan?" inquired a voice from behind Ranma. 

	Ranma jumped slightly in surprise as she turned around to see Kasumi
there with a towel in hand. "Oh nothing much...heh, heh..." Ranma laughed
nervously rubbing the back of her head. "So what can I do for you
Kasumi-dono?"

	Kasumi smiled sagely at Ranma. "There's no need to be overly polite
Washu-chan just call me Kasumi." Then the eldest Tendo placed the towel in
Ranma's hands. "Now I need you to take a bath before dinner is ready."

	Ranma seemed to shake a bit at the suggestion and tried to give the
towel back. "That's okay Kasumi, I'm fine."

	"Now Washu-chan," Kasumi started in a admonishing voice. "You have
been practicing with Akane correct." 

	To which Ranma nodded. "So I insist you take a bath to freshen up
for dinner." Kasumi finished as she placed her right hand on the younger
girl's shoulders. "Besides no matter what's troubling you I'm sure it can be
fixed."

	With that Kasumi headed toward the kitchen, "But," Ranma asked
slowly, her face showing no emotion, as Kasumi turned toward her. "What if
the situation is too complex to fix?"

	Kasumi looked straight at Ranma and grinned reassuringly. "Then my 
family and I would be happy to help you out in any way we can, Washu-chan. 
Just remember that no one person is an island complete and onto themselves.
(2)"

	Ranma smiled for a moment and then bowed slightly at Kasumi, 
"Arigatou, Kasumi-dono." Ranma then proceeded toward the bathroom.

	"Yosh." Kasumi nodded as she headed toward the kitchen but when she 
got to the back entrance Kasumi spotted Nabiki. "What is it Nabiki-chan?"

	Nabiki turned toward Kasumi, "Ah big sister, Akane just wanted to 
know if the bath was ready?" 

	"Oh, is that all?" Kasumi stated as entered the kitchen. "Tell her
its ready whenever she is."

	Nabiki nodded and walked toward the door heading toward the dojo. As
she opened the door she spotted Akane out on the lawn continuing to practice
only much more harder than she normally does. This prompted the middle Tendo
sister to raise an eyebrow. "What's wrong sis?" Nabiki started as Akane 
continued to practice.

	Akane preformed another series of attacks before answering "Nothing."

	Nabiki looks at Akane as she starts another kata for a moment then 
grins slightly. Just as Akane was about to perform a back kick, "So Ranma 
beat you easily didn't she?"

	Akane fell gracefully as a rock onto the ground. "I'll take that as a
'yes'." Nabiki smiled as she kneeled to help her sister up.

	Akane brushed Nabiki's proffered hand away and got up on her own. 
"I'm fine."

	Nabiki looked at Akane for a moment. "Ah come on little sister, so
Ranma's a little bit better than you nothing to be ashamed about."

	Akane looked at Nabiki with a worried expression. "You don't 
understand Nabiki!" Akane started as she headed toward the house followed by
Nabiki, "Ranma's didn't just beat me she played me like a fiddle, like a cat
with a mouse, I'm a rank amateur when I go up against her."

	Nabiki looked at her little sister with a small grin. "Well then 
aren't you extermely glad she isn't a he?" Akane flinched at this before 
favoring Nabiki with a small glare, "Seriously though Akane it's nothing to
be worried about." Nabiki responded trying to lift her sisters spirit, "Think
of it this way, now you have a teacher of sorts. Someone who's willing to 
take you seriously in the art, hell if I were you I'd ask her to train me in
an instant."

	"Hmm, maybe your right, thanks Nabiki." Akane said with a small smile
as the two finally entered the house.

	"Your welcome, I'll charge you for the pep talk later right now the
bath is ready and you little sis could use one." Nabiki mockingly waved her
hand in front of her face while pinching her nose.

Meanwhile in the Tendo bathroom

	"Brr...a few celcius too cold I believe." the red haired girl 
commented as she put the bucket down and procedded toward the bath. <Well 
'Ranma'-dono what do think of the Tendo's so far.>

	<They seem nice Washu-chan.> the male voice responded once more. 
<I'm just worried about pop insisting on this stupid engagement.>

	"Well don't worry about that too much."  Washu started as she 
stepped into the bath. As Washu did the length of her hair decreased and 
changed into regular black hair as her size and bulk increased. She was now
a he with a pigtail.

	"I'm not so sure." the boy stated immersing himself into the bath. 
<Trust me Ranma-dono when I get through with him and his so called paternal
guidance he won't be able to train fleas.>

	"Hey save some of him for me." the boy mockingly yelled. "I'm still
worried about how the Tendo's will handle the--well--"

	<Unique biochemical and physical aspects of a Jusenkyou dip.> Washu
stated calmly. "Huh?" Ranma said as he thought he saw Washu grin. 

	<Your 'curse' as you so politely wanted not to say. Well you have to
tell them all ASAP otherwise...> Ranma frowned for a moment and then settled
down to enjoy the bath. As the mintues ticked away Ranma put his hand on the
furo's edge. "Oh well might as well go out like this if were going to tell--"

	<Hold it, Ranma-dono get back in the tub.> Washu interrupted
urgently.


	"What's wrong Washu-chan?" Ranma whispered a serious tone in his 
voice as he resubmerged into the bath.

	<I think were about to see if my system works> Washu giggled for a 
moment confusing Ranma. 


	In the laudry room adjoining the bath Akane was thinking over the new
guest. [Someone who's willing to take you seriously in the art, hell if I 
were you I'd ask her to train me in an instant] she recollected Nabiki's 
comment as she began to disrobe. <Nabiki's right as usual, I'll find Ranma 
later and ask her to help me train!> So caught up in her thoughts Akane
missed seeing the pile of clothes lying near the lefthand side of the 
bathroom door.

	As Akane reached for the door a siren went off as red light blinked
on and off from an unseeable source. "Please step away from the door, I 
repeat, Please step away from the door." a booming voice from nowhere stated
causing Akane to jump backwards.

	When Akane was away from the door she noticed two small objects
attached to the sides of the door glowing slightly. Suddenly a hologram of
Washu appeared in front of Akane. "Ah...Hello Akane-dono sorry but the bath
is currently occupied if you would kindly get decent and wait outside for a
moment then occupancy of the bath can be turned over to you."

	"But, but, but--" Akane stuttered confused as to why a girl would be
uncomfortable with having another girl in the bath.

	Washu started shooing Akane toward the door "Go on, it will only 
take a moment."

	Akane reluctantly grabbed her gi, wrapped it around herself, and
stepped out of the laudry room. As soon as she shut the door Akane gently
pressed her ear to the door.

	After a minute or so, she heard the sliding door open and footsteps
as someone stepped out of the bathroom and into the laudry room. Then the
rustling of clothes could be heard and when that stopped Akane stepped back
away from the door. She was leveled her gaze and was about the ask why she 
had to step out when she stopped. All Akane saw at the height she was 
looking at was the chest section of a red chinese shirt. As Akane lifted her
head up a bit she saw a black haired boy with a pigtail.

	"Sorry about that the bath's all your's." with that he started to 
run toward the living room.

	Akane stood there for a moment mouth open as her brain started to
process the information. <Ranma in bath, okay she asks to be left alone,
then a guy in similar dress steps out and walks away...Waitaminute!> "Who
the Kami-sama's(3) name are you?" Akane rushed to follow the boy around the
bend, "And what were doing in the bathroom with Ranma?" the boy continued to
ignore her and started to run a bit faster. But before he could get half way
through the verandah Akane was in front of him blocking his path.

	"Alright you, I'll give you five seconds to explain before I clobber
you and call the police." Akane started glaring hostily at the youth. "One."

	"Look let's just say I'm a mutual friend alright." the boy started 
hands up in surrender.

	"Two," Akane continued unconvinced.

	"I don't mean any harm. I'm just a guest here." the boy stated giving
Akane a hurt look.

	Akane stopped for a second before looking the boy square in the face.
"Yeah right, I didn't exactly see you come in through the front door. Three."

	"Listen you kawaiikune(4) tomboy, I'm Ranma Saotome!" the boy shouted
anger finally getting the better of him.

	"Ranma Saotome is a girl, your obviously male." Akane started up 
before the rest of the boy's comment caught up to her. "What did you call
me!?!"

	"You heard me a KAWAIIKUNE TOMBOY!" the boy mouthed each word at the
top of his lungs making Akane's veins pop one by one.

	"Better to be a tomboy then some sort of perverted serial stocker 
and rapist!" Akane started forgetting about her promise as she came within
inches of the supposed Ranma's face. "How do I know you weren't going to
murder Ranma and me in the tub then get a sick thrill out of wearing our
CLOTHES!?!" She screamed pushing the boy slightly back with the heat in her
voice.

	"What--Well excuse you macho girl! Whoever got a look at you in the
NUDE would turn to stone too quick to do anything!" the boy stated returning
the hostile glare and tone of voice.

	Just then unnoticed by the two kids the sliding door to the dining 
room opened up and Soun Tendo stepped out. He smiled slightly when he saw 
Akane and the boy. "Ah good Akane you--"

	"Why I have half a mind to clobber you then deliver the remains to 
the police!" Akane interrupted yelling once more into the boy's face.

	Soun tried to clear his throat then looked at the two again. "Akane
could you ple--"

	"You got one part right you do have only half a mind the way you act
toward other people." the boy stated with a grin.

	"Son could you two--" Soun tried once more.

	"That does it!" Akane yelled as she drew her hand back preparing to
punch the offending boy to low earth orbit.

	"WOULD YOU TWO QUIET DOWN AND LISTEN!" Soun shouted through a 
megaphone causing the two kids to be blown back by the volume stopping 
whatever they were doing.

	"That's more like it." Soun said giving both childern serious
glances, "Akane dinner is ready please go to the table." When Akane remained
frozen Soun added, "Now, young lady."

	Akane saw the look on his father's face and headed toward the table
giving the boy a murderous glance on the way. "This way, son." Soun indicated
for boy called Ranma to head to the table.


	Later after the dinner the two families gathered in the dining room
with the Tendo's backs to the wall and the Saotome's with their backs to the 
now open verandah.

	"As I was trying to say before," Soun started gesturing toward the 
Saotomes. "This is my old friend,"

	"Genma Saotome," the slightly overweight man with the bandanna and
glasses finished. "And this here is my son,"

	"Ranma Saotome, sorry about all this." the boy stated.

end-for now


	Well here's part two sorry for the delay there but the administration
of the dial up network set the max hours for 40 in 14 days and I kinda of
wen over the limit. But here it is none the less again question, comments,
suggestions can be mailed to me at mansouri@wam.umd.edu. Flames however will
recieve booby prizes.

(2) a quote by a famous british philosopher
(3) aka God aka Allah aka The creator...
(4) Uncute, ugly, homly