Hello out there in fanfic land!  This is my first crossover fic.  The
second I heard that Ryoko was a "devil caller," I knew someone out there
had to do a Tenchi/Yohko crossover fic so it might as well be me.  I
hope you like it.  If not, well, it's not as if I'm making any money.  
Speaking of money, I'm not making any because I don't own these
characters.  Tenchi Muyo is the property of AIC and Pioneer LDC.  Devil
Hunter Yohko is the property of TOHO CO.  LTD and ADV.  If any of you
anime corporate types out there are reading this and reaching for your
phones to call your lawyers, wait!  Hear me out!  Fan fiction brings
*your* characters and product to the attention of others who might be
willing to pay you money for other products.  Think of us as free
publicity.  You should thank us.  Now, put your phone down.
Don't make me come over there!


Tenchi Muyo:  No Need for a Devil Hunter.


	Yohko Mano opened the front door of her house, walked into the living
room, and collapsed into the plush couch cushions with a sigh.  No
sooner had she done this than her young friend and apprentice, Azusa,
came strolling into the room, humming a bouncy tune.  Yohko closed her
eyes and sighed.
	"Good afternoon, Ms. Yohko!"  Azusa greeted her.  
	Yohko sighed again, this time in annoyance at having her pleasant
thoughts interrupted.  "Hey, Azusa.  How was your day?"
	"Oh, it was fine, Ms. Yohko.  How was yours?"  Yohko sighed again. 
Azusa knew what *that* particular sigh meant.  "Is he cute?"  she asked.
	"Wonderful,"  Yohko said, breathlessly.
	Before Azusa could ask anything else, there was a knock at the door. 
Seeing that Yohko had no intention of moving anytime soon, Azusa went
and answered it, finding Yohko's life long friend, Chicaga Ogawa, 
standing at the door.
	"Oh, hello Ms. Chicaga."
	"Hi, Azusa.  Is Yohko around?"
	Azusa nodded.  "She's on the couch, pining away about her new love."
	"I already know all about it, Azusa.  One side."  She walked past the
young devil hunter and stood just behind the couch, looking down at
Yohko's unmoving form.  She removed her hand held computer from her
pocket and began to read from the display.  Azusa listened closely.
	"Tenchi Masaki, Junior, black hair, brown eyes, five foot seven.  Let
me be the first to say, 'yum.'"  She looked down at Yohko again to see
that the devil hunter had opened her eyes and was looking up at her. 
"Not bad, Yohko, not bad at all."
	"Except for the fact that he doesn't know I'm alive.  The only reason
he noticed me at all today was my grace and prowess at the volleyball
game."
	"'Grace and prowess,' huh?"  Chi asked sarcastically.  "I was *there,*
Yohko.  I saw what happened."

Earlier That Day...

	"HEADS UP!!!"
	Yohko looked up just in time to catch the incoming volleyball on her
face.  She yelped and fell back onto the ground with a grunt.
	"TIME!!!"  
	One of her friends helped Yohko off the volleyball court and onto the
bench.  Yohko blinked repeatedly, trying to get her bearings.  She
turned when she heard a voice behind her ask...
	"Are you okay?"
	She looked behind her and saw a young man sitting in the front row of
the stands, wearing a T-shirt that said he was from Okayama High, the
visiting school.  He had short, dark hair with a braid hanging from the
back. of his head.  He had a charming and endearing smile.  Yohko just
stared.
	"Um..." he said, a little more worried.  "*Are* you okay?"
	"Uh....uh....well....yeah.  I mean...yeah, no prob!"
	He flashed her another smile.  "Good.  Sorry about that.  Fujiko can be
a little rough when she spikes like that."
	 Yohko smiled and waved the apology off.  "Hey, that's just the way the
game's played, ya'know."  She studied him for a moment.  "So...you go to
school with her, huh?"
	He nodded.  "Yeah, she's a friend of mine.  She told me the team was
coming here for a game and asked me to come root for her.  It gave me a
chance to get out of the house, so..."  he trailed off.  Yohko just
nodded.
	"So," she asked, trying to be casual, "What's your name?"
	"Tenchi," he replied, "Tenchi Masaki."
	She reached out and shook his hand.  "Yohko Mano, nice to meetcha." 

The Present...

	"And I wouldn't say he doesn't know you exist," Chi told her.  "After
all, Kumiko got hurt at the game too, and he didn't go asking how *she*
felt."
	Yohko considered this.  "True..." she drawled out.
	"Still," Chi said with a sigh, "He goes to school way out at Okayama,
so, in all likelihood, you'll never see him again."  She smiled.
	Yohko grimaced.  "Did you come all the way out here to bring me down,
Chi?"
	Chi gave her friend a look.  "What can I say?  Someone has to keep your
feet planted firmly on Earth.  After all, we have a business to run!"
	"Yeah," Yohko muttered, "Your business."
	It was at this time that Yohko's grandmother, Madoka Mano, chose to
make her entrance.  She walked in, stood directly in front of Yohko and
said, "Get packed."
	Yohko almost missed it.  "Huh?  Packed?"
	Madoka nodded.  "That's right, packed.  We leave tomorrow."
	"Where are we going, Grandmother?"  Azusa asked, respectfully.
	"Every year, it is necessary for devil hunters to clear their minds and
purify their bodies.  This keeps us in top form."
	"Clear our minds, huh?"  Yohko muttered.  She could just picture what
her grandmother meant by *that.*  She probably wanted them to climb to
the top of Mt. Fuji and throw themselves off a cliff or some other
lame-ass devil hunter tradition like that.
	"That's right," Madoka said with a nod, "So we're going to the hot
springs resort in Okayama."
	Yohko shot straight to her feet.  "Okayama?!  Did you say, 'Okayama?!'"
	Madoka was a little confused.  "Er...yes."
	"BITCH'N!!!"
	Chi and Azusa heaved a collective sigh.  "Why do I get the feeling that
our lives have just become that much more complicated?"  Chi asked.
	Azusa shrugged.  "Probably because every time Ms. Yohko meets a boy, he
turns out to be the spawn of evil."
	Yohko didn't even hear them.  "Hey, Grandma, can Chi come along?"
	Madoka shrugged.  "Why not?  We're not expecting trouble."
	"Great!"  Yohko turned to her best friend and grinned.  "Now we'll just
see which of us is right!"
	
	Yohko hopped out of the minivan and took a quick look around.  The hot
springs resort her grandmother had chosen was quaint, very quiet, and
very peaceful.  It looked nice.  It was exactly the kind of place one
could go to free her mind of troubles, relax, and reflect on her
position in the universe. 
	<All I have to do now is figure out how to ditch the others, get out of
this dump, and find the man of my dreams!>
	Chi walked up and stood beside her.  "Nice place.  I bet with a little
more advertising, they could make a real fortune."
	Yohko wasn't listening.  She was forming a plan in her mind.  She spoke
quietly to herself.  "Okay, all I have to do is wait for mom and grandma
to fall asleep.  Then, I'll tie my bedsheets together, rapell down the
side of the building, avoid the security guard, hop over the wall (after
all, I can't risk being seen!), find a phone booth, check the book, and
find Tenchi's address.  After that, it's just a quick hop, skip, and a
jump through yakuza country, and I'm there!"
	Chi regarded her friend in shock, then tapped her gently on the
shoulder.  "Or you could just go over there and talk to him now."  She
pointed toward another minivan that had just pulled up.
	"Hmm?  AAACCKK!"  Yohko looked where Chi was pointing and saw Tenchi
Masaki walking between two girls who seemed to be using him as a
tug-o-war rope.  The two girls were yelling at one another while Tenchi
just stood in between them with a defeated look on his face.
	They watched as two older men, two children with the oddest hair color
either of them had ever seen, and a young blonde woman exited the van
and joined the odd trio.  As they watched, Madoka, Azusa, and Yohko's
mother, Sayoko joined them.  Sayoko took a deep breath and let it out in
one long drawn out breath.  "Whoo, what a trip!"  She saw Yohko and Chi
staring at something and followed their gaze.  "Is something wrong?" 
She looked up and smiled.  "Oh my, isn't he a handsome one."
	"Mom!"  Yohko wheeled on her mother in shock.  "He's *my* age!"
	"Huh?  Oh, no!  I meant the one in the glasses!"
	Yohko looked at her mother's target.  The man was older than Tenchi,
but younger than the other man who had come with them.  By the
resemblance, she guessed that he must be Tenchi's father.  She had no
idea who the girls were.
	Sayoko gave the man an appraising look.  He noticed them and waved
sheepishly.  Sayoko smiled and waved back.  "Perhaps this won't be so
boring after all."
	"You know, Sayoko, you should really take a rest,"  Madoka told her
daughter with a worried tone.
	Sayoko heard the concern in the elder Mano's voice.  "You think so,
Mother?"
	Madoka nodded sagely.  "Yes," she said.  Suddenly, her voice got louder
and more irate.  "After all, YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE A TRAMP *EVERY*
DAY!!!!"
	Sayoko gave her mother a, "Hmmphh," and took Yohko by the arm.  "Come
on, Yohko, let's go introduce ourselves."
	"Mom!  Jeez!  Let go!"
	Sayoko dragged her protesting daughter over to the large group of girls
her target was standing in the middle of.  Tenchi looked up and noticed
Yohko for the first time since arriving.  He smiled.  
	"Hello, Ms. Mano.  I didn't expect to see you here."
	Yohko gave him a nervous laugh.  The two girls on either side of
Tenchi, a purple haired one and a light blue haired one, glared at her.  
	Meanwhile, Sayoko was shaking Nobuyuki's hand warmly.  "It's nice to
meet you, Nobuyuki.  I'm Sayoko, and this is my daughter, Yohko."
	"Yohko, huh?"  Nobuyuki asked, shaking Yohko's hand.  He suddenly took
Tenchi by the shoulder and maneuvered him in front of her.  "This is my
son, Tenchi."  Ryoko and Ayeka worked their way between them.  Nobuyuki
smiled.  "And these are his...er...well...admirers, Ryoko and Ayeka."
	"Er...nice to meetcha,"  Yohko said, unsure if it really was.
	"Charmed," Ayeka said icily.
	Ryoko only narrowed her eyes.
	"Oh, and this is my father, Katsuhito Masaki,"  Katsuhito shook their
hands, "And this is Mihoshi,"
	"Oh wow!  It's really nice to meet you!"
	"This is Little Washu and Sasami."  Washu bowed and Sasami shook their
hands, giggling.
	By this time, the rest of Yohko's family had walked over to them.  She
was silent as Sayoko made the introductions.  The whole time her mother
was smiling at Nobuyuki.  Madoka, however, was staring at Ryoko.
	"This is wonderful," Sayoko was saying.  "We hardly ever make it to a
hot springs resort, and now we have some new friends to share it with." 
She winked at Nobuyuki.
	Tenchi's father scratched his head and grinned.  "Yes, positively
wonderful."
	Yohko decided that it was now or never, so she took a step forward and
decided to start up a conversation with Tenchi.  "So, Tenchi, do
you..."  She was interrupted when Madoka grabbed her arm and dragged her
away from the group toward the resort's main office.
	"Hey!  Grandma?!  What the hell?!  What are you doing?!"
	The others watched them leave.  "I wonder what that's all about," 
Azusa commented.
	Ryoko and Ayeka were just glad to see that the bouncy teenage girl had
left.  Ryoko felt that *her* body was the only one Tenchi should be
seeing naked on this trip, and Ayeka felt is was unbecoming for a
teenage floozy to attach herself to the crown prince of Jurai.
	Meanwhile, Madoka was having a serious conversation with her ditz
granddaughter.  "Yohko, did you notice the spiky haired girl glomped
onto that boy?"
	Yohko blew some air between her lips.  "It was kinda hard not to the
way she kept herself between me and Tenchi."  She was more annoyed at
that than anything else.
	"Did you feel anything?"
	"Feel anything?"
	"Yeah," Madoka asked, irritated.  "Did you feel any bad vibes?"
	Yohko thought for a moment.  "No, why?"
	Madoka shook her head and sighed.  "I think it was the Devil Caller."
	"The Devil Caller?  Never heard of it."
	Madoka led her granddaughter to a bench and sat down before
continuing.  "It was seven hundred years ago, in the time of our
forty-sixth generation of devil hunters, Ritsuko Mano.  It is said that
a powerful demon fell from the sky and began to destroy the
countryside.  Our great ancestor, Ritsuko Mano, with the help of a great
samurai named Yosho, managed to defeat and imprison the demon in a cave
at the Masaki shrine."
	"'Masaki,' shrine?  As in, 'Tenchi Masaki!?'"
	Madoka nodded.  "I can only assume.  Before she left, Yosho made
Ritsuko promise to look after the cave and make sure that the demon
never escaped.  Since then, our line of devil hunters has made sure that
the cave has remained undisturbed for seven hundred years!"
	"But....if the demon is trapped in that cave, how could it be here?"
	"Well let's see,"  Madoka said sarcastically, "When I gave you that
list of devil hunter responsibilities, did you read all of it, or did
you just skim it?"
	Yohko winced.  "Uh-oh?"
	Madoka nodded.  "'Uh-oh,' is right."  Her voice got louder.  "Yohko! 
Why didn't you check on *THAT CAVE??!!*"
	"Hey!  It was a long list!  I don't have time to do every little thing
on it, ya'know!  I have school too!"
	Madoka closed her eyes and shook her head in disbelief.  "Well, the
Devil Caller's loose now, and YOU have to do something about it!"
	Yohko blinked.  "Wait a minute, Grandma," she said, "If that girl is
this Devil Caller person, why is she here and not destroying Tokyo like
a typical demon?"
	"HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO KNOW WHAT A DEVIL CALLER THINKS?!!  All I know is
that she's here, and it's YOUR duty to do something about it!"
	"All right, all right!  Jeez!"  Yohko was holding her head, trying to
ward off an oncoming headache.  "I'll check it out, all right!."

	While Yohko and her grandmother were going over stategy, the rest of
the group had decided to make straight for the baths.  Unlike the hot
springs resort Tenchi had gone to last year, this one had more than two
baths.  Of course, all this meant was that Nobuyuki would have to work
twice as hard.
	"Dad!"  Tenchi said in disbelief as Nobuyuki wrapped a towel around his
head.  "Don't you remember what happened last time?!  You're gonna get
us thrown out!"
	"Oh, relax boy," Nobuyuki told his son.  "If you want to stay here and
simmer with your grandfather, fine, but I want more out of this trip
than relaxation."
	"Oh, jeez," Tenchi remarked.  "Grandpa, can't you talk some sense
into....Grandpa!!"
	Katsuhito Masaki was busy wrapping a towel around his own head.  Seeing
the shocked and disappointed look on his grandson's face, he sighed and
removed it.  "Fine," he growled out.
	Nobuyuki chuckled.  "Too bad, son.  This could've been a family thing. 
Something you tell your own son about one day."  He chuckled again and
started climbing the wall up to one of the women's baths.  He was
careful this time.  The last time, Ryoko had noticed him right off, and
he had fallen because of it.  Luckily for him, Ryoko didn't mind who saw
her body.  Otherwise, he probably would've been fried.
	He grabbed hold of the edge of the bamboo fence that separated this
men's bath from one of the women's baths and pulled himself up.  The
bath was occupied by a lone woman.  Nobuyuki blinked in surprise.  It
was the woman he met today, Sayoko Mano.  She was sitting in the bath,
her towel still wrapped around her.  She sighed contentedly and looked
up.  
	Nobuyuki kept still.  If she saw him...
	She smiled.  "Oh, hello Nobuyuki," she said.  "What are you doing over
there?  Why don't you come join me?"
	Nobuyuki blinked in surprise.  He looked up at the sky.  <There is a
God, and he loves me!>  He removed the towel from his head and hopped
the fence.

	Meanwhile, the rest of the girls were sharing one of the larger baths. 
The two groups seemed to be getting along all right.  Even so, Chi and
Azusa felt outnumbered.
	"I wonder what's keeping Ms. Yohko,"  Azusa asked.
	"Who knows?"  Chi told her as she soaked.  "Maybe it's some bit of
training her grandmother wants her to do."
	Azusa considered this and nodded.  Still, if that were it, she should
be helping Ms. Yohko.  She was her apprentice, after all.  She was saved
from having to conduct a search when Yohko appeared at the edge of the
bath, wrapped in a towel of her own.  She threw a quick look at Ryoko,
who was busy splashing Sasami, before sitting down next to Azusa.
	"Is something wrong, Ms. Yohko?"  Azusa asked.
	Yohko continued to stare at Ryoko.  "I don't know yet, Azusa.  I just
don't know."
	Ryoko turned her attention to Ayeka.  "Hey, Little Princess!  Surf's
up!"  She splashed Ayeka with a small tidal wave and laughed as the
princess sputtered.
	"Why you uncouth, miserable, little..."
	"Oh, come on, Ayeka,"  Ryoko said cheerfully.  "I think you look good
all  wet!"  There was a wicked gleam in her eye.  "I know!  Let's see
what Tenchi thinks!"  Suddenly, she vanished and reappeared at the edge
of the bath, looking over the fence at the men's bath.  "Hey!  Oh,
Ten-chi!"  she sang out.
	Yohko, Chi, and Azusa looked on in shock.  Ayeka and Sasami gasped. 
Mihoshi didn't seem to see that anything was amiss.  Washu simply didn't
care.
	"Ryoko!"  Ayeka hissed.  "You're in public!"
	"So?"  She looked over at the devil hunter and her two friends.  "Oh,"
she said, sheepishly, "Yeah.  Right.  I forgot."
	Yohko blinked.  "Excuse me, Miss, but are you by any chance the same
Ryoko who was imprisoned in a cave at the Masaki Shrine?"
	Now, it was Ryoko's turn to be surprised.  "Well...yeah.  Hey!  How'd
you know about that?!"
	Yohko took an annoyed breath and nodded.  "I thought so."  Suddenly,
she leapt out of the water and back flipped onto a nearby rock.  "As a
Devil Hunter of the Mano line, I am bound by fate and destiny to destroy
you!"
	Ryoko blinked.  "Huh?  You wanna run that by me just one more time?"
	Yohko held up her devil hunter ring and began her patented chant.  "I
hold no enmity towards those coerced into evil, but for those vile
demons who corrupt the hearts and souls of men.  Since the time of
ancient gods..."  The air around Yohko began to pulse with energy.
	"...we have been your destroyers!"  Yohko's towel disappeared, and she
was enveloped in a bright light.  "Now, the one hundred and eighth
generation of Devil Hunter, Yohko is here!"  When the light subsided,
she was wearing a red dress with a yin yang symbol on the front.
	"Cool,"  Sasami commented.
	Standing on the rock, facing Ryoko, Yohko began to speak.  "I'm
*really* sorry, but I'm afraid I'm going to have to kick your ass.  It's
nothing personal, ya understand, it's just part of the job."
	Ryoko smiled.  "No problem.  If that's the way you want it."  Without
another word, she shot ten feet into the air and fired off an energy
blast at the devil hunter.  Luckily, Yohko wasn't there anymore.  When
Ryoko fired, Yohko had already leaped into the air and was executing a
flying kick at the devil caller.
	Ryoko vanished just before Yohko made contact.  The devil hunter
gracefully landed on a nearby rock and turned to find Ryoko standing
right in front of her.  Yohko launched a flurry of punches, all of which
Ryoko managed to dodge.  The demon girl caught one of Yohko's punches
and held it right in front of her grinning face.  Yohko growled in
annoyance.
	"Not bad," Ryoko told her.  "For a huma..."  She was caught off guard
when Yohko suddenly whirled around kicked Ryoko in the face.  Dazed as
she was, Ryoko fell into the water with a splash.
	"Ryoko!"  Sasami cried out.
	The water around the spot where Ryoko had landed began to boil. 
Suddenly, Ryoko shot up from the bath and floated five feet above the
water.
	"Okay, bitch!  Enough's enough!"  She gathered her power into her right
hand and squeezed it, forming a bright red light sword.
	Yohko was ready.  She closed her eyes and called out, "Sword of my
soul....appear!"  Yohko's own sword appeared in her hand.  She brought
it up to the en guarde position and waited.
	Meanwhile, Tenchi and Katsuhito had heard the commotion and had rushed
up to the women's bath to see what was wrong.  If it hadn't been an
emergency situation, Tenchi probably would've bled to death through the
nose.
	"What's going on?!"  he cried from the edge of the bath.
	Sasami stood next to him with her towel wrapped around her and Ryo-Ohki
positioned firmly on top of her head.  "Well, you're friend from school
is trying to kill Ryoko, and Ryoko is trying to kill your friend from
school."
	Tenchi watched for a few seconds as Ryoko and Yohko fought, their two
swords clashing together with electrical snaps and hisses.  It should've
been impossible, after all, Ryoko's sword could, in theory, cut through
anything.  Washu made a note of this and brought up her holotop,
scanning the two girls as they fought.
	"Any idea *why* they're fighting?"  Tenchi asked.
	Sasami shook her head.  They all watched as the fight progressed. 
Yohko was good, everyone had to admit.  Usually, people didn't last this
long against Ryoko.  The two girls seemed pretty evenly matched.  Even
so, Tenchi wasn't one to take chances.  
	"Ms. Ayeka!  Please, help her!"
	Ayeka, who had been standing next to him turned to him in surprise. 
"Why should I?!  I can't intervene every time someone with a grudge
against Ryoko comes looking to collect.  I haven't the time!"
	"Please, Ms. Ayeka?"  Tenchi took her by the shoulders and looked
directly into her eyes.  
	Ayeka blushed, sighed, and nodded.  "All right," she said somewhat
dejectedly.
	Meanwhile, Azusa and Chi were watching the fight with concern.  Yohko
and the Devil Caller were standing on a rock, facing each other over
crossed swords, neither willing to give a single inch to the other. 
Azusa called out to her mentor.
	"Uh...Ms. Yohko?  Do you need any help?"
	Yohko didn't bother to look back at her friend.  "No, Azusa, I think
I've got this one handled."  Suddenly, power logs appeared around her. 
Yohko's head darted from side to side, watching the logs surround her. 
"Scratch that, Azusa!"  she cried out.  "HELP!"  She jumped clear just
before the barrels began shooting electricity at her.
	Azusa straightened.  "Right!"  She raised her own ring up.  "DEVIL
HUNTER, in training, AZUSA IS HERE!!!"  Suddenly, she was dressed in an
outfit similar to Yohko's.  Her lance appeared in her hand.  She turned
to Ayeka, who saw the young apprentice rushing toward her and gulped. 
She shrieked as Azusa began to slash at her with her lance.
	Tenchi and Katsuhito watched amazed.  Out of nowhere, Madoka appeared
beside them.  She shook her head in disappointment and cupped her hands
around her mouth.  "COME ON, YOHKO!  YOU SHOULD HAVE THIS ONE FINISHED
ALREADY!!"
	Yohko was once again locked in mortal combat with Ryoko, and so didn't
have much time for a proper comeback.  "Jeez!  Cut me some slack, huh?! 
She's really tough!"
	Katsuhito looked down at Madoka.  "You know this young devil hunter?"
	"That's right, she's my granddaughter."
	"I see, so you would be a devil hunter as well?"
	"Retired,"  Madoka told him, casually.  She threw another look at
Yohko.  "Although if I knew she was going to turn out like this, I
WOULDN'T HAVE HURRIED!"  She directed this last part at her
granddaughter.
	"Oh, man," Yohko muttered as she dodged a slash.  "I'd like to see how
*she* does out here."  She ducked again and delivered a snap kick that
didn't connect.
	Katsuhito regarded Madoka for a moment.  "You would be, what?  The one
hundred and sixth?"
	"Hundred and seventh, and how do you know so much about us, anyway?" 
she asked suspiciously.  
	Katsuhito sighed and turned to her.  "We have much to discuss, Devil
Hunter."  He led her away from the others and began talking.  Tenchi and
the others just watched as  Ryoko and Yohko fought for their lives,
while Ayeka and Azusa chased each other around the baths.
	"Tenchi," Mihoshi began, "Do you think *I* should help?"
	Mihoshi was standing between Tenchi and the others with her back to
Sasami and Washu.  They  hurriedly shook their heads at Tenchi.  Washu
drew a finger across her throat.  "Er...no, Mihoshi, I think they've got
it under control."
	"Oh, okay!"  she said, beaming.
	Yohko muttered in annoyance.  "Oh, jeez," she said.  "I just came out
here to spend some time with Tenchi, and *of course* something like this
would have to happen."
	Ryoko blinked.  "You're after *my* Tenchi?!"
	Yohko looked at her in angry confusion.  "Hey!  I don't see *your* name
tattoed to his forehead or anything!"
	"Just give me a few minutes!"  Ryoko shot back.
	Just as the fight was heating up, Katsuhito and Madoka came back to the
bath.  Madoka cupped her hands around her mouth again and shouted. 
"YOHKO!  AZUSA!  YOU CAN STOP!  IT WAS ALL A MISUNDERSTANDING!"
	Azusa and Ayeka stopped dead and looked at one another in puzzlement,
but Yohko and Ryoko continued to fight.
	"HEY!  I SAID YOU CAN STOP NOW!"
	Madoka listened as the two fought.
	"I don't see a ring on your finger!"  Yohko was yelling.
	"Hey!  I live with the guy!  You've known him, what?  A few hours!"
	"It doesn't make...erragh!"  Yohko swung her sword around and felt it
connect with Ryoko's light sword.  "A difference!"
	"Yes it....yaahhh!"  Ryoko kicked but her foot found only air as Yohko
ducked under it.  "Does!"
	The entire group stared at them for several minutes as the fight
continued.  As a group, they sighed.
	"Anyone hungry?"  Tenchi asked, starting toward the restauraunt next to
the lobby.
	Chi grinned devilishly.  "I am."  She trotted over to Tenchi and took
his arm, smiling up at him.  Azusa shook her head.  
	"I could eat,"  Madoka said.  "What about you, Sir Yosho?"
	Katsuhito nodded.  "Yes, it's almost dinner time."
	"Come on, Ryo-Ohki!"  Sasami cried out happily.
	They left the two to fight it out in the bath.

	The sun rose the next day right on schedule, which gave Tenchi enough
light to see where he was loading bags onto the minivan.  When he was
done with the final bag, he looked up to see his father standing there.
	Tenchi's face turned cross.  "Well, where have *you* been?!"  he asked
his father irritably.  "You were gone all night."  He crossed his arms
in front of his chest.  "Did you get arrested?"
	Nobuyuki grinned at his son.  "Well, Tenchi, if you must know, your old
dad got lucky last night."
	"Oh, jeez, Dad!  Come on!  I didn't need to hear that!"
	They were interrupted as Sayoko, Madoka, Chi, and Azusa walked past
them toward their own car.  As Sayoko walked by Nobuyuki, she smiled and
blew him a kiss.  "Call me, Tiger."
	Nobuyuki grinned and waved.  "You got it!"
	Tenchi shook his head.  "Jeez,"
	The girls, minus Ryoko, joined them a second later along with
Katsuhito.  Tenchi looked around, but couldn't see the demon.  "Hey,
where's Ryoko?"
	Azusa, who had dropped behind her group, paused and turned back to
them.  "And where's Ms. Yohko?  I haven't seen her since yesterday."
	Sasami tugged at Tenchi's sleeve.  "Tenchi, about Ryoko and Yohko..."

	"He's, (pant..pant...)  MINE, DAMMIT!"  Ryoko's sword clanged off
Yohko's again.
	"No he's (pant...pant...)  NOT!"  Yohko swung her sword over her head,
but Ryoko managed to block it.
	The two stood on a boulder in the middle of the bath, exhausted, but
not willing to end the fight.  Their clothes were torn, and both had
minor cuts and bruises they received during their battle.  They faced
each other, panting in exhaustion.  They paused for a moment.
	Yohko leaned on her sword like a cane.  "You're not half bad," she told
Ryoko grudgingly.
	Ryoko leaned against a nearby rock.  "You too," she said in genuine
respect.
	They stood silent for another moment.  "You give up?"  Yohko asked her.
	"No."
	"Flip you for it?"
	Ryoko seemed to consider it.  "Whose coin do we use?"
	"Mine,"
	Ryoko shook her head and stood up.  "No way."
	"Okay,"  Yohko nodded and raised her sword again.  "Let's do it."
	As the sun rose above them, the two fought on.

Author's Notes:
So, who wins Tenchi?  (Author adopts sing song voice)  Well I'm not
gon-na tell you!
Tell you what, though, you write me and tell me who you think should win
and how.  If I get enough feedback, maybe I'll write a sequel. 
*Maybe.*  I have other writing projects going on.  We'll just have to
see.
I did this just for laughs.  I figured that since Ryoko was a "devil
caller," she would have to receive a visit from a "devil hunter" before
too long.  I'm surprised no else on GenSao's archive has done it, or
maybe they have and I just missed it.
Anyway, send criticism or feedback to:
Thomas "009" Doscher at
doscher009@hotmail.com