        It was Sunday afternoon and Ranma was helping his
mother out with the laundry as part of his chores.
        "Mom," he said in a determined voice, "I want to go back
to training with Tendo-sensei."

Chapter 5: Back to School

        This had not been an easy decision for Ranma to make.  He
knew that his mother wouldn't approve of it, not after what had
happened, and her approval was one of the most important things
to him.  Mr. Tendo was also the man who got him cursed and so
wasn't one of his or his mother's favorite people right now.  Yet
Aeka had charged him and Tenchi with the protection of her and
her sister yesterday.  The fight with Ryoko had shown that
Ranma's skills just weren't up to the task.  Tenchi had that magic
sword, but all he had were his fists.  What if a threat came that was
even stronger than Ryoko?  They could all get hurt or killed; him,
his cousin, the princesses, and even his mom.  He needed to train
even harder than he had ever before in order to fulfill the promise
that he had made to Aeka and to his departed father.
         "Oh, and what brought this on?" Nodaka asked, though she
had some idea.  She had noticed that her son and the princess Aeka
had been out long after it had stopped raining.
        Ranma silently cursed the fact that his mother could read
him so well that she'd spot a lie before he'd even finish saying it.
"Well, we've got more people in the house now and it’s at least
partially my responsibility to protect them from harm.  And with
all that's happened recently I know that I have to be better,
probably a lot better, than I am to defend against some of the
dangers that I could face.  I mean Aeka's an alien princess.  Who
knows what kind of creep could be after her and she doesn't even
know about?  And Ryoko as well.  She used to be a space pirate
and if Aeka could find her, so could someone else."
        "A noble reason my son, I am proud of you.  I will let you
go back to training with Soun on one condition."
        "Sure, whatever," Ranma said, surprised and delighted that
it had been this easy.
"That you attend Furinkan High School at least until your
own school is repaired.  You can't afford to miss so many classes
and I don't want your grades to slip any lower than they already
are."
        Ranma knew that it had been too good to be true.  The one
good thing that had come out of all of this was no more school.  He
had actually thanked Ryoko for destroying it, which caught her by
surprise.  While she had been wrecking things for a long time, no
one had actually thanked her for it.  But Ranma didn't have any
choice, he had to go back to training, therefore he had to go back to
school.  It was a matter of honor and his honor was something very
important to him.
        "All right mom."
        "That's my son.  You better go to sleep early tonight, since
you have school tomorrow and Furinkan is some distance from
here."
        "Tomorrow?"  he asked a little weak, feeling that somehow
his mother had tricked him.
        "That's right, I was planning to let you continue your
training anyway.  You will go to school and go to the Tendo Dojo
to train afterwards, just make sure you call if you're not going to
make it home for dinner.  And you can tell Soun for me that if he
tries anything as crazy as this China trip he will find out just how
sharp I keep my katana."

        Nodaka found Aeka humming under her breath as she
straightened out the room that she and Sasami shared.  Unlike
Ryoko, she seemed to want everything to be neat and tidy.  She
also felt guilty in letting her sister do all the work for so long.
        "You seem to be in a better mood," Nodaka commented.
        Aeka smiled as she turned around.  "I know that my brother
is alive. He is out there somewhere and I will find him."
        "Are you sure that it isn't something else?"
        Aeka blushed, looking down at the floor, and said,
"Whatever do you mean Auntie?"  Nodaka had insisted that both
girls call her auntie, even though the sisters were actually her great
aunts.  This made much more sense to Aeka than the truth since
Nodaka was admittedly more mature than either her or Sasami.
        Nodaka closed the door behind her.  "I mean why you and
my son turned beet red when Tenchi mentioned finding some burnt
cinders in the storage shed.  Also why both of you turned ever
redder when Ryoko said, 'Well, obviously something very hot was
going on in there Tenchi.'  She even looked at you and winked.
Something happened, but what?  You two didn't do anything . . .
inappropriate, did you?"
        "Miss Saotome!" Aeka said shocked, "I would never . . ."
        Nodaka cut her off with a laugh.  "I was only teasing Aeka.
I know my son to be strictly honorable, especially with women
(sometimes a tad too honorable, she thought to herself). But I still
wonder what could make him blush so?  As you as well Miss
Aeka?  Something must have happened."
        "We only talked, nothing more." Aeka insisted.
        "And what did you talk about?"
        "Well, I explained why I came here and he told me of how
he got cursed."  Aeka could tell that Ranma's curse was still a sore
issue with his mother by the way she flinched at the mention of it.
        "Nothing else?"
        Aeka was tempted to tell Nodaka the whole truth about
what Ranma had said near the end, but was a little too
embarrassed.  Besides, she must have misunderstood him.  "No,
nothing."
        "I only wanted to say that if you wish to formalize your
relationship with my son, you have my approval."  After all, Aeka
was such a nice girl and her son did seem interested in her.  If Aeka
were engaged to him, it would be one less thing for Nodaka to
worry about.  Besides, she wanted grandchildren, the sooner the
better.
        "Miss Saotome, I've really only known Ranma for a few
days now."  Though her protest lacked the emotion she wanted to
give, mainly because she was dwelling on something similar
Ranma had said in that storage shed.  Had he been serious then and
then talked it over with his mother to get her approval?  Was that
how courtship rituals were done on Earth?  Aeka was too
embarrassed to ask either of them directly.
        "It only takes a moment," Nodaka replied mysteriously and
left Aeka to ponder what she had said.  Never in her life had Aeka
felt more confused.  What had started as a simple quest to find her
lost brother, had ended up turning her whole life upside down.  Yet
she found that she didn't mind it all that much.

        It was Monday morning and Nodaka noted that Tenchi
looked bright and eager to be back at school and for once her son
shared his state.  She suspected that Tenchi was eager to escape the
attentions of a certain former space pirate.  Like her own son he
was nervous around girls, but unlike Ranma he hadn't the
experience of girls throwing themselves at him for years and so
was going crazy trying to deal with it.  She didn't know why her
nephew was largely ignored while Ranma was so popular since
both boys were quite handsome.  She suspected something had
happened early in their school career had brought Ranma to
everyone's attention, but neither one had mentioned anything about
it.  It didn't help that Ryoko was ten times worse than any of
Ranma's boldest friends.  She seemed to lack the concepts of
shame or modesty, or Nodaka suspected, pretended that she did.
        Ryoko materialized wearing an outfit that was conservative
by her standards and snuggled up to Tenchi as the boy was trying
to finish his breakfast.  "Oh why do you have to go to school
Tenchi and leave me here all alone?  If you want to learn, I could
teach you a few things."
        Aeka was shocked by the very suggestiveness of the words,
while Sasami missed it and Nodaka had a slight smile, actually
pleased to see a woman who could be so daring.  Nobuki was
pleased as well for he had always thought his son to be too shy
around women and Ryoko might help him to overcome this.  In
fact, he had given Ryoko approval to act in whatever manner she
saw as appropriate.  Ranma was too busy eating to notice anything
but the food in front of him.
        "Miss Ryoko," Aeka declared to the space pirate who was
still clinging to Tenchi despite his efforts to escape, "Such
behavior is disgraceful while people are trying to eat.  Lord Tenchi
must have a proper education if he is ever amount to anything in
this world."
        "Oh I'll give him a proper education all right," Ryoko
replied and chuckled as Aeka fumed.  "I really don't see what
you're so steamed about princess.  After all, I'm not doing anything
more that what you did with Ranma in that storage shed.  Even I
have to admit that pretending to be scared was a good ploy, but
shouldn't you have waited until he changed back into a guy first?
Or are you really that way?"
        Nodaka could tell that Ryoko was only teasing Aeka and
probably exaggerating what had happened all out of proportion.
Still, she was curious to what had really occurred and how Ryoko
knew about it.  Had the space pirate spied on them?  It was
possible, but why would she do such a thing?  She seemed to be
only interested in Tenchi.
Aeka's face was as red as Rama-chan's hair "And just what
are you insinuating, you . . . you monster woman!"
        Before Nodaka knew it, there was a full on brawl between
the space pirate Ryoko and the princess Aeka.  She used this
opportunity to herd the boys off to school, despite their protests.
The girls tended to calm down when they were out of sight since
most of their arguments tended to revolve around either Tenchi or
Ranma.

        "What the heck was that all about?" Ranma asked his
cousin as they walked to school, having only caught the tail end of
Ryoko's and Aeka's discussion.  Aeka was usually so demure and
nice most of the time, sort of like a purple haired version of
Kasumi, that it was strange to see her explode like that, but
something about Ryoko really brought it out of her.
        Tenchi was way too embarrassed to mention just exactly
what Ryoko had implied, so he skirted the issue by saying.  "I
think they were only looking for an excuse to fight, like you and
that kid with the bandannas from middle school.  From what I can
understand they’ve known each other for a long time and don't like
each other very much.  Grandfather always says that the oldest
grudges are the hardest to settle."
        Ranma and Tenchi reached school to see a huge brawl
taking place in the courtyard.  It seemed like half the male
population was taking on one girl.  Tenchi was about to jump into
the fight on her side, when Ranma noticed just who the girl was
and held him back.
"Don't bother," he told his cousin.
        "Huh?" Tenchi replied, "What do you mean?  All those
guys are attacking her, she could get seriously hurt."
        Ranma shook his head.  "I don't know why they are all
attacking her, but that's Akane out there.  She's nearly as good as
me and has nothing to fear from this bunch of amateurs.  In fact, if
you jump into her fight she'll probably turn on you.  Nothing she
hates more than someone trying to fight her battles for her."
        Soon all of the boys lay broken and groaning at her feet and
she stood above them in triumph, brushing her short hair out of her
eyes.  Ranma remembered when she had cut her hair short in order
to beat him in a fight.  He had still won when he had told her that
she looked cute with her new hair cut.  She was so stunned he was
able to knock her over with a finger, but she was pissed afterwards.
She always acted that way whenever he complimented her.  He
didn't get it.  His mother had always told him that girls like
compliments, but for some reason it only enraged Akane.  Maybe
she was too much of a tomboy to appreciate it.
        Then a tall boy in samurai garb strode into view, boken in
one hand, rose in the other.  "Truly such a boorish lot."
        "Oh damn," Tenchi swore, "I forgot Kuno went to this
school."
        "That's Kuno?" Ranma asked, wondering exactly what was
going on, "That guy who was undefeated until you came along?
The one that keeps accusing you of cheating and using black magic
in your matches?  That Kuno?"
        Tenchi gave Ranma a 'no, another boken-wielding nutcase
named Kuno' look, which Ranma had the decency to look abashed.
        After Akane had slammed Kuno's head into the pavement
hard enough to make everyone wince, Ranma asked a random
passer by what was going on as they headed to class.
"Oh, upperclassman Kuno is really hung up on Akane even
though she doesn't even like him.  In order to prove his prowess he
declared that anyone who wishes to date her must defeat her in
combat.  So since the school year began she's been beating up half
the boys at school every morning.  She may be the cutest girl in
school, but she isn't worth going through all that just for the chance
to date her."
        Ranma was glad when he found out that he was in Akane's
class, expecting her to have forgiven him since it had been weeks
since she had seen him last, but when she turned and saw him, she
looked even angrier than she had during the morning fight.  Ranma
could feel his heart sink in his chest now that a good friend seemed
determined to hate him forever.
        Ranma and Tenchi were introduced to the class as the girls
eyed them speculatively, while the men silently cheered when they
saw the look Akane gave Ranma.  Ranma wasn't bothered much by
the stares, having got used to them, but Tenchi was feeling very
uncomfortable as girls eyed him in a way usually reserved for his
cousin.  Something he had wished for a week ago, but now
regretted.

        Tenchi watched sadly as Ranma tried to talk to Akane
during lunch.  If anything it seemed worse than what Ranma had
said before.  Akane wasn't even trying to be civil, alternating
between ignoring and shouting at him.  Tenchi felt sorry for his
cousin as the pig tailed boy sighed heavily and walked back to
their table.
        Tenchi was about to ask Ranma how it went when a
familiar voice spoke to him.  "When I heard that the foul sorcerer
Tenchi Masaki was coming to fair Furinkan I hoped that it was
untrue, but I see that alas my hopes were in vain.  What is worse
but I find him staring at the beautiful and noble Akane Tendo, no
doubt scheming to make her a slave to his foul lusts.  I, Tatiwaki
Kuno, Blue Thunder of Furinkan High, can not allow it!  Defend
yourself fiend!"
        Tenchi, guessing where Kuno's speech would lead since
this had happened many times before, already had his boken out
and soon the two were dueling on the cafeteria tables.
Nabiki was taking bets with most people betting on Kuno,
unaware that she knew this to be the Tenchi Masaki who had
beaten Kuno numerous times in the past.  Cousin of Ranma, who
was ignoring the fight as he attacked his meal instead.  Nabiki had
the urge to talk to him, in fact she had the urge since she'd seen
him that morning, but there was just too much of a profit to be
made off of the fight.  Well, she'd be able to talk to him later, since
if she guess her father's sudden happiness right, he was again
Tendo's student.
        The fight ended with Kuno unconscious on the ground.  All
Ranma said to his cousin was, "You must be getting slow.  I could
have had him beat five minutes ago, and your better with kendo
than me."
"Kuno annoys me," Tenchi said with uncharacteristic
anger, "So I wanted to make sure he had something to remember
me by when he finally wakes up.
"I saw things didn't go too well with you and Akane.  I
guess that she's still pretty ticked about what happened in China."
        "Yea, well, let's just get back to class."
        Ranma actually wanting to go to class? Tenchi thought, this
whole Akane thing has effected him more than I realized.

        Ranma was in no rush to leave school, not wanting to walk
home with Akane and endure her silence or cold stares.  He waited
until just about everyone else had left class before he started for the
dojo.
        He was surprised to see Nabiki leaning against the school
gates, arms crossed like she was waiting for someone.  Nabiki was
the kind of person people wait for, not the other way around.  They
never really had gotten along, not since he accidentally walked in
on her in the bath years ago, so he passed her without a word.
        Ranma was even more surprised to hear her call out his
name.  He was absolutely shocked when he turned to see that
Nabiki was actually smiling at him.  Had the world gone crazy?
With all that had happened to him recently it sure seemed like it.
        "Since we're both going to the same place," Nabiki told
him, "Is it okay I walk with you?"
        "Sure," Ranma said, still a little stunned by the way she was
acting.
        "Well, let's get going then," she declared, pulling at his
arm, "You've wasted enough time at school already."

        "Man, sis is really pissed at you," Nabiki said after they had
been walking in silence for a few minutes. "Whatever happened in
China must have been bad.  I don't think that I've ever seen her this
mad before."
        "You mean that you don't know?"
        "What, that she turns into a tiger, my father a panda, and
you a girl?  Pretty hard secret to keep with people you live with.
But that wasn't really your fault, at least not totally.  It was my
father's lame idea to go there in the first place.  She doesn't even
seem to mind her curse all that much, says that she sleeps better as
a tiger.  Something else must have happened between you two to
get her this mad."
        "I don't know what it could be then, unless she's sore about
that Amazon that was chasing us all over China, but she was after
me and not her anyway so I doubt that was it."
        "Are you sure that nothing else happened?  Perhaps
between you and her?"
        Ranma was sometimes dense, but he got what Nabiki was
implying.  "Not you too!  My own cousin accused me of arranging
the whole thing to have some romantic time alone with Akane.  I
don't know where he got that idea from."
        "Are you sure it wasn't?  I mean you and my sister were
pretty close and the way she insisted to come along it seemed
awfully important to her.  Ever wondered why no one tried to date
her before you went to China?  Its because everyone was sure you
two were an item and didn't want to mess with you."
        "That can't be right Nabiki.  Sure we did things together,
but more as friends than anything else."
        "Maybe she isn't mad about something that happened after
all."
        "Huh?"
        "Maybe she's mad because something didn't happen."
        They walked in silence for a while as Ranma pondered
what Nabiki told him.  Could Akane have liked him that way?  It
seemed so impossible since she always seemed so determined to
beat the snot out of him, yet their rivalry had always remained a
friendly one, before at least.  She was frustrated by the fact that she
couldn't beat him, but she never got really angry, or at least not a
lingering anger.  There was also the recent revelations about Ukyo.
He had always thought of them as friends, but they have thought of
him as something more?  Ranma realized that he didn't understand
women at all, even he now became one at times.  In a fight he
could read an opponent easily, but outside of that he wasn't very
good at reading people.  They often confused and bewildered him.
Just like Nabiki was doing now by being nice to him for a change.
        "So why are you being so nice to me all of the sudden?  I
mean you usually act like you hate my guts."
        "I was wondering when you'd ask that," she said and gave
him another genuine smile, rather than her usual smirk.  "Well, a
girl can change her mind about someone, can't she?  I mean it’s
going to be hard enough around the house with one Tendo sister
mad at you, you don't need another.  Besides, having you around
taught me to make sure I put the sign out when I take a bath."
        They both laughed over something that hadn't been all that
funny at the time.  Ranma had been coming to the Tendo Dojo for
about a year to train and always took a bath after Akane was done.
This time Akane had been away with friends so Ranma had sparred
with Soun and got to use the bathroom first.  As he was used to
Akane telling him when he could use the bath Ranma didn't even
consider that someone else would be in there.  He was shocked to
see Nabiki rise out of the tub just as he was coming in, her already
developing body glistening with warm water.  Nabiki got her
revenge later by tricking Akane to walk in on him.  That started a
pattern between them, each taking revenge on the other.  He had
expected it to start up again when he got back from China, but it
was another thing that the trip had changed.  At least this one was
for the better.
        "Thanks Nabiki, I really appreciate it.  I'd much rather be
friends with you than enemies."
        Nabiki smiled and said, "No charge."

        When Ranma finally arrived at the Tendo household, he
went off in search of its one member who he hadn't seen for
months.  It had been hard being away from her for so long,
because, after his mother, she was the most important person in his
life. He found her where had expected to, in the kitchen.
        Ranma found all of his worries washed away by meeting
with Kasumi again.  Ever since he was little, even before Mr.
Tendo had become his sensei, he had always liked to visit the
Tendo home just to spend time with the elder Tendo sister.  He
always was overjoyed at how easily she welcomed him in and
seemed as concerned for him as his own mother.  It was from her
that he learned to love cooking.  It was her who helped him get
over the horrors of the cat-fist and his father's death.  She was more
than just a friend, she was the big sister that he never had and he
honestly believed that there wasn't anything she couldn't do.  He
hoped that she could help him with Akane, and perhaps some of
his other problems as well.
        "Kasumi!" he shouted and caught her up in a big hug.  All
of the troubles he had endured recently seemed so much lighter in
Kasumi's warm embrace.  Normally Ranma avoided any display of
affection, but with Kasumi it was different somehow.
        "And I'm happy to see you too Ranma," she said in her soft
voice, "Its been much too long since your last visit.  I was about to
do the laundry, would you like to help?  You can tell me all about
China in the meanwhile."
        Ranma nodded enthusiastically.  At home he'd complain
before doing any chore, but spending time with Kasumi made it
seem like no work at all.  Besides, with all that she had done for
him, he was always eager to help her out anyway that he could.
        While they were folding laundry, Ranma found himself
telling the entire story of their trip to China and what had happened
afterwards, not leaving anything out.  There were things that he
didn't feel right telling his own cousin or his mother, but seemed
right in telling Kasumi.  Even the more unbelievable parts with
demons and aliens, but while he found it hard to lie to his own
mother, it seemed impossible for him to lie to Kasumi.  There was
just something about her that radiated trust that Ranma felt the
need to return.
        The story was a long one and carried over into preparing
dinner, which Ranma did with an unconscious grace due to the
lessons of Kasumi and his mother.  While his own culinary skills
often brought compliments, he felt that it paled in comparison to
the works of magic that Kasumi and his mother could perform.
Kasumi rarely spoke during the tale, usually asking about
something to clarify, but mostly to encourage him to go on.
        "My, that's some story Ranma," she said after he was done,
"and I can understand why you'd be sad and frustrated by it all, but
you have to admit that it hasn't been all bad, has it?  You did
manage to make a few new friends and your mother at least must
be happy to have some more help around the house.  Also if that
Ryoko girl hadn't attacked you, your mother may have never let
you train with father again.  With this new determination, I'm sure
that you'll be an ever better martial artist than before.  It is bad that
you got cursed, but you must realize that if you hadn't then that
Amazon would have caught you.  Besides, there must be a cure out
there somewhere.  And Akane's angry right now, but now that
you're going to be coming here again she'll get over it.  She always
has in the past.  Nabiki even seems to like you now and she's the
kind to hold grudges."
        "But I still don't get what Akane is so mad about.  I've
thought and thought, but I can't come up with a single reason."
"Ranma, when you go into the Neko-ken, you don't
remember anything that happens, isn't that right?  You said
something about that before."
        "Yeah," Ranma replied, unsure of where this was going.
"And now that Akane changes into a tiger you must have went into
the Neko-ken a few times on the way back from China.  You
mentioned the time at Jusenkyo, but there must have been other
times, right?"
"Right," Ranma said, thinking of a few blackouts that he'd
always had associated with the Neko-ken.
"Well, what if something happened while you were in the
Neko-ken?  You wouldn't remember it, but Akane would even
though she might be a tiger at the time."
        "It's possible, but your pop never said anything happened."
        "Maybe he wasn't paying attention or it could have been
something that he'd think was all right, but Akane would be
offended by.  She may act tough most of the time, but we both
know that she's really very sensitive."

        Soun shook his head in dismay as he watched Akane and
Ranma 'spar.'  His sadness wasn't over their skills, since both had
become martial artists more formidable than he had dreamed,
easily surpassing himself at that age.  No longer in his prime, he
wondered really if he could defeat either of them.
In their skills he felt a great pride, but in their relation to
each other he was in sorrow.  Though this was supposed to be a
friendly sparring session, Akane was holding nothing back and
attacked with blows that could have caused serious injury if Ranma
hadn't been going all out to block and evade them.  It drove him
crazy to see her so mad still and not know what she was mad at.
While the trip had been mostly a disaster, nothing had happened to
justify this level of rage directed at Ranma and she refused to speak
of its cause.
        Every attempt to placate her had been refused.  Not even
Kasumi, who could normally work miracles in situations like this,
seemed to be able to help.  Whatever had happened, it was clear
that she now hated Ranma and it would be a long time, if ever, that
she forgave him.  While not ideal, this wasn't a major stumbling
block for sparring partners, but for other matters it was fatal.  Plans
would have to be changed.
        It was clear that Akane was getting more and more
frustrated with Ranma's skill.  Ever since they had starting training
he had been better and no matter how hard she pushed herself she
could never defeat him.  Even still, he was surprised when Akane
dumped a bucket of water on herself, changing into a tiger and
chased Ranma out of the house.  Soun shook her head and sighed.