Chapter 2:  No Need for a Roomate!

	Tenchi was pleased and surprised to find Mihoshi’s 
apartment to be neat and well kept, without even a sign of dust or 
dirt anywhere.  He had guessed Mihoshi to be a slob, but looked 
like there was something she could do right.  This illusion was 
immediately dispelled when he caught a glimpse of her room 
through an open door.  It looked as if a storm had hit in, a storm 
that had a thing for microwave food, pink panties, and empty sake 
bottles.  It became clear that their other roommate, Sasami, took 
care of just about all the domestic chores around the apartment, 
whenever she wasn’t needed as Washu’s assistant.  Tenchi was 
thankful that the doctor herself lived elsewhere.
	Almost immediately after getting home, Mohoshi pulled 
out a bottle of sake and started to drink it like it was water.  At 
least this could be taken as a partial explanation for the way she 
acts, Tenchi thought, not knowing whether to feel relived or 
disturbed.
	“Ah, isn’t it a little early for that kind of thing?”  he asked 
as politely as he could.  He knew that some people had sake with 
their dinner, but the sensei who he had been staying with for the 
past eight years was strictly against any sort of alcohol because it 
polluted the body and spirit.
	“Its okay, I’m off duty now.  Want some?”
	Tenchi politely declined.  This woman had been made his 
legal guardian?  Tenchi wouldn’t trust her to look after a plant, 
much less another human being.  Could she cook? It seemed 
unlikely.  Still, it had to be better than the so called cousine of his 
sensei’s wife.  Thankfully, Mrs. Saotome rarely tried to cook, since 
the entire family worked hard to prevent it from happening.
	Tenchi looked around the large apartment which was nearly 
as big as a house.  “So does anyone else live here besides Sasami 
and us?”
	“Well, the first child, Aeka Aynami normally lives here, but 
she’s going to be in the hospital for another week at least.”
	“That was the girl with the purple hair and red eyes right?”
	Mihoshi nodded.  Tenchi noted that she seemed a lot 
calmer now, sort of mellow.  Almost like a real person.  Maybe she 
should try drinking before driving.  After all, there was no way that 
her driving could get any worse.
	“She looked like she had been hurt pretty badly.  Do you 
know what happened to her?”
	Mihoshi nodded again and said, “Unit-00 went berserk 
during its activation test.  She was nearly killed, but Commander 
Ikari saved her.”
	“My grandfather did that?”
	“Yep.  Burned his hands pretty badly too.”
	Tenchi silently digested that little nugget of info.  It seemed 
that despite his cold attitude there was still something left of the 
grandfather that he remembered from his younger days.
