	Well the old saying is true 'be careful what you wish for you just
might get it' or in this case be careful what you dare people to do. This is
an official series from Peter Suzuki's one-shot fic 'Spring of the Drowned
Goblin'. After all let's give credit where credit is due. (Not to mention all
those lovely flames) Anyway Tenchi Muyo belongs to Pioneer and Ranma 1/2 to
Viz video. Now on with the mayhem...
<> thought
" " talk
-dono --a term of respect
-chan --"little", cute
-san --Miss or Mister


	It can be said that in every city there is an odd district or two. 
For the case of Tokyo city it was the Nerima district. Android Cat-girls 
being chased by attack helicopters, crazy tenants of an old worn down 
apartment complex, the usual fly by alien spacecraft bent on cleansing the 
Earth of Humanity, all these things occurred like clock work here at one 
point in time. It was on a fine spring day that the Tendo Dojo of Anything
Goes Martial Arts was about to join the ranks of this prestigious procession
of insanity...
 
 
	The day began like any other for Soun Tendo. Get up, brush teeth, 
dress, pick up and sort through the mail. 'Bill, Bill, Bill, You may have 
already won 5 million yen, Postcard from Saotome, Bill.--' As the older man 
flipped back to the postcard, which was written in sloppy handwriting, he 
noticed earlier moisture began fill his eye and drip down his cheeks.
 
	"After all this time. Oh my babies, daddy has got a wonderful 
surprise for you all!" Soun Tendo wailed as he rushed to find his children.
 
A little while later just outside the Tendo Dojo...
 
	a young blue/black haired girl had just finished her morning jog. As
she entered the Dojo through the back door she took off her sweats. She 
finished dressing in a gi and started to stack concrete blocks one on top of 
the other. When the stack was waist high the young girl stopped, assumed an 
aggressive kempo stance, yelled 'kiai' at the top of her lungs, and broke all
the blocks with a swift chop from her left hand.
 
	"Ah!" the heir to the Tendo dojo, Akane Tendo, sighed contentedly as
she smiled at the demonstration of her enormous strength. "That felt good."
 
	"My sister the 'blockbuster'." a voice behind Akane declared.
 
	As Akane turned her head to look behind her and sure enough it was
her older sister Nabiki, dressed in shorts and a T-shirt, arms crossed as she
looked at Akane with bored eyes. "And that is why the boy's find you so 
weird." Nabiki stated confidently.
 
	"So what Nabiki?" Akane started slightly irritated at her sisters
remarks. "The world doesn't revolve around boys." Nabiki looked at her
younger sister critically then turned about face back toward the house.
"Well then, if that's your feelings then this won't interest you."
 
	Akane looked at her sister's retreating form for a moment. "Hey 
what's that supposed to mean?" the youngest Tendo asked as she hurried to
catch up to Nabiki.
 
	A little while later near the backyard of the Tendo residence a carp
jumps out of the koi pool, the sky darkens as raindrops fall to earth, and a
voice can be heard over the boom of thunder.
 
	"A Fiancee!"
 
			No need to be Wild:
		 Tenchi Muyo-Ranma 1/2 crossover

Part 1: The most unlikely of pairs

	Meteorologists have often equated the average rainfall in Nerima to
be very similar to that of the Brazilian rain forest. Fortunately the 
residents of the district have know this fact since the very beginnings of
the district. And today, like any other day, they came prepared with the
necessary tools umbrellas, raincoats, and ponchos. Unfortunately two wanders
new to the area didn't know this essential fact.
 
	Now it can be said that the citizens of the Nerima district have seen
many an oddity, but never a giant panda running away from a thirteen year old
spiky red haired girl.
 
	"Aw...Come back here the tests won't take long and I promise it won't
hurt...too much." the red head said as she continued to chase the poor
animal, her red Chinese shirt and black pants tied tight by a black belt 
around her waist.
 
	Suddenly the panda leaped up and grabbed onto a telephone pole and
shimmied up the object. "I didn't know panda's could climb poles?" one man
remarked. "They can't." A lady answered.
 
	"You promised you'd be my guinea pig didn't you?" the girl says in a
cuddly voice as she looks in a cute and sad sort of way up at the panda. When
the panda tried to climb even higher the girl looked on with bored eyes, 
"Ah...well there's more than one way codify DNA." with those words a black,
opaque, paper thin computer screen and keypad materialized behind the red
haired girl.
 
	With a press of a button a huge 12 foot robot shimmered out from
nowhere behind the girl, its metal hand plucked the panda off the pole, and
deposited him near the girl. "Now then which experiment to run first?" the
girl started as she turned her back to the panda and began typing on her
holographic computer, "So many experiments so little time."
 
	While the girl was busy talking to herself the panda got out of the
robots grasp, frantically pulled a stop sign off its hinge, and tried to
club the red head into unconsciousness. It would have worked too, if the
sign hadn't hit a invisible force field and broke in two.
 
	"Trying to harm an innocent and cute girl like me huh?" the red head
asked calmly still facing away from the animal who was now shaking, sweating
heavily, and had eyes the size of saucers. "You really want a full body probe
don't ya big fella?"
 
	As the girl turned around to say this she sees the panda running full
speed on two hind legs down the street. "Ah...Got to love him. He so
predictable." the girl sagely nodded before bursting into a full run. "Come
back here, Ailuropoda melanoleuca, we have some many lovely experiments to
conduct!"
 
	One man looked at the scene then back to his wife. "I didn't know 
kids could summon giant robots." His wife looked at him critically. "What
about that Daisaku boy?"
 
	"Oh yeah." the man said in recognition.
 
Meanwhile in Tendo living room...
 
	"So you see girls if one of you marries Ranma and carries on the dojo
then the future of Tendo Anything Goes Martial Arts school will be secure." 
Soun Tendo finished as his daughters looked on with mixed feelings from the 
other side of the low table.
 
	Akane as usual turned away in disgust, Nabiki looked on with keen
interest, Kasumi exhibited a worried look at her father.
 
	"So Dad, what's he like?" Nabiki asked. "Is he older Father?" Kasumi
started her calm voice a bit shaky at the prospect of marriage, "Young 
men...are so young."
 
	Soun Tendo laughed soothingly at his children's questions. "I have no
idea."
 
	"What!" Akane yells as she slams her hand on the table. The thought
of a blind marriage passing through her mind. 
 
	"Daddy." Nabiki said with a stern and cold look.  "Father." Kasumi
muttered worriedly.
 
	"Now girls don't worry this little detail is being taken care of 
right now," Soun Tendo stated waving the postcard like a shield. "As I know
Ranma is coming here after an extensive training journey in China. That is
when you'll get to know him."
 
	Suddenly a scampering of feet was heard at the front door. "Oh we
have visitors." Kasumi said as she turned to the direction of the noise and
began to rise.
 
	Soun Tendo rose and preceded to go out the left door of the dining
room. "Saotome old friend it's been--" before Soun could finish his welcome
he was bowled over by a giant panda that stepped into the room, frantically
looked around, and then ran out as he heard, "Here panda, panda, panda."
 
	"I'll give that bundle of fur one thing he runs away pretty fast." 
the red haired girl we saw earlier says as she comes into view of the three
Tendo sisters. The girl turns to the three sisters, a futuristic gun with a
huge barrel in her hand. "You wouldn't have seen a giant panda by any 
chance?" she asked as the three sisters nodded slowly sweat dropping down
their cheeks. Satisfied with the answer she asked, "Which direction did he
proceed in?" 
 
	Nabiki pointed to the dojo. "Thanks." the girl said before running
off toward the dojo.
 
	A moment passed as neither Kasumi, Nabiki, or Akane spoke. Suddenly,
"Oh my!" Nabiki and Akane turn to look at Kasumi as she put a hand to her
cheek. "Children shouldn't play with guns. She could hurt herself."
 
	To which Nabiki and Akane promptly facefaulted. Nabiki recovered
first. "I think the panda is the one whose in trouble sis." as if to prove
her statement gun shots and sounds of someone running around were heard from
the direction of the dojo.
 
	"We can't just stand here while they wreak the house. We got to do
something!" Akane stated staring at her two sisters.
 
	Before either of Nabiki or Kasumi could respond one of the two
'guests' rushes into the room, closes the sliding doors behind him, and piles
anything he can find onto it as a barrier. The panda looks around frantically
then brings out a sign from nowhere saying: Please you have to hide me she'll
kill me! 
 
	The Tendo sisters were stunned to say the least, but before they 
could do anything the door and everything piled near it exploded. As the dust
settled a figure could be seen standing where the door was. She was wearing a
red Chinese shirt with black shorts. Her eyes were green, her hair a bright
crimson and tied back by a braid that makes the front of her hair look like a
crab. She had black shades on at the moment as she pointed the large gun
toward the now cowering animal. "You have violated section 3 paragraph 27 of
the genius-guineapig treaty panda surrender now and only mild experimentory
surgery will be preformed."
 
	The panda starts to panic and runs towards the other slid door out of
the dining room but, before he could slid the door more than halfway a 
missile streaked toward him. When the missile exploded the panda was encased
it in a purple colored goop. The panda struggled to free itself and the goop
tightened its hold causing the panda's eyes to bulge. The girl goes up to the
panda, gun now disappeared somewhere, in each hand she holds a variety of 
futuristic medical instruments and probes. "Now I could begin by examining
your muscular structure, maybe give you a free genital modification, oh
here's an idea how about I modify your brain so you jump whenever I want?"
the girl says her eyes gleaming with malice.
 
	"Ahem!" someone cleared their voice causing the girl to look behind
her. The three Tendo sister, Nabiki in front flanked on both sides by Akane 
and Kasumi, were there staring at the girl with keen interest. Nabiki then
gave the little girl a calculating look. "Alright as much as we enjoyed the 
little diversion--who are you and what are you doing in our home?"
 
	Before the girl could answer Soun Tendo, foot prints all over the 
front of his body, appears out of nowhere right in front of the girl. "Answer
me this first," he says slowly as the girl sweat drops at the man's sudden
appearance, "Are you Ranma Saotome?"
 
	The girl begins to laugh nervously as she scratches the back of her
head. "Haha...Well kinda of--yes I'm Ranma Saotome."
 
	Soun simply stares at the girl for a moment then collapses onto the
hard wood floor with a thud. The girl looks down at the fallen Soun Tendo for
a moment, "Well that was an unusual reaction."

 
	Later the Tendo sisters and their new guests gather around the futon
that a weeping Soun Tendo now reclines in as he recovers. Kasumi tried to 
comfort her poor emotional father as the rest were in deep thought at this 
strange turn of events. The red head girl known as Saotome Ranma, who was
sitting between Nabiki and Akane, was trying to forget the days events. Ranma
also occasionally give the panda, which had insisted it was Genma Saotome, an
evil glare that promised to carry out the threat of scientific testing on the
big beast. Akane was breathing a little bit easier now that the so called
engagement had been called off. Nabiki on the other had was more then a bit
disappointed, but was taking the situation in stride...
 

	"How could this happen?" Nabiki Tendo exclaimed as she raised her 
voice louder. "This is all your fault daddy you should have made sure Ranma
was a boy!" she yelled at her 'bedridden' father.
 
	"Genma told me he had a son!" Soun Tendo retorted raising his voice
while he lay on the dining room floor. Nabiki looked around for a moment 
"Well do you see any _son's_ here. Hmm do you?" Nabiki stated pointing around
the room and finally toward Ranma.

	"Oh yeah, I can feel the welcome of this household." the girl said 
sarcastically eyes half shut in boredom. Akane, on the other hand, looked at
both her father and sister sternly. "Come on you two he...she is a guest in 
this household."
 
	With that Akane rose to her feet and smiled at Ranma. "Hi, would you
like to have a look around the place?"
 
	Ranma gave a small smile and nodded <What a nice young lady>. As
Ranma rose to follow Akane turned around, "My name's Akane, would you like
to be friends?" Ranma only smiled gently before saying "I'd be honored."
 
 
	A little later the door to the Tendo bathroom opened as the panda we
saw earlier stepped in with a towel and a wash bowl full of bath supplies. He
walked on his hind legs toward the tub and turned on the hot water faucet. 
After the bath was filled the panda stepped in and laid back to soak in the
water.
 

	"And this is the Dojo." Akane stated as the two walked through the
door way into the Tendo dojo proper. Akane stopped in the middle of the room
and turned around to look at Ranma. "So what do you think Ranma-san?"
 
	The girl, who was taking in her surroundings giving the place quick
glances here and there, turned to Akane. "Akane-dono could you do me a 
favor?" she asked. Akane looked at her guest for a moment before nodding, 
"Yes, what is it?"
 
	"Call me Washu-chan," Akane gave the young girl a weird look, "It's 
a...nickname of sorts. I feel more comfortable being called by that name."
Ranma amended quickly giving Akane a grin.
 
	"Ah-okay Washu-chan." Akane said waiting for the girl to answer her
question. As if reading Akane's mind Ranma said. "Very nice construction. I 
like the way the dojo blends with the home. It also looks very well
maintained."
 
	Akane smiled at the complement to her families tradition. "So how
about a sparring match?"
 
	"Pardon?" Ranma quirked an eyebrow up looking at Akane carefully.
 
	"Well you practice Kempo right?" Akane waited for the young red 
head's answer. "Sure." Ranma responded simply.
 
	Akane then took a simple Kempo stance as Ranma simply stood there,
"Don't worry it's just for fun." Akane added and she was about to charge
when two, small, black squares materialized next to Ranma.
 
	The shock was enough to pause the youngest Tendo in her tracks. While
Akane was staring with curiosity Ranma punched in a sequence of flashing
lights on the 'keyboard'. 
 
	Suddenly a slightly blinding flash occurred as a machine materialized
next to Ranma who then entered it. Certain joints in the leg and arm closed
around the young girl then the thing quietly hummed to life.
 
	"Wha--wha," Akane stuttered as she pointed to the suit Ranma was now
in, "What is that?" To which Ranma smiled broadly.
 
	"Oh this old thing, it's just an exo-skeleton." Ranma said moving the
hand and feet of the exo-skeleton. Akane just blink at the explanation.
 
	Ranma sighed then pulled down a screen from somewhere and, with
pointer in hand, began to explain the schematics of the suit. "It's a type of
suit that allows the wearer's muscular structure to be amplified by the 
intricate servo-motors and pumps nanotechnically created on the interior and
exterior of each appendage. This suit was theoretically designed to do heavy
construction work much like a Labor(1) but on a smaller scale."
 
	Akane took a look at the diagram a blank expression on her face. 
"Uh...Okay."
 
	Ranma continued by pointing to a cross section of the exo-skeleton's
interior, "In this exo-skeleton however I have attenuated the amplification
procedures to only cancel out the weight of the suit, thereby making its only
advantage one of escalating my height adjacent to your own." Ranma stopped
and looked toward the now bewildered Akane, "So does that explain your 
question?"
 
	"I'm sorry I'm a bit confused, what did you say again?" Akane, a 
sweat drop falling across her forehead, asked.
 
	A loud klang could be heard around the Tendo home as Ranma
facefaulted. She quickly got up, eyes rolling skyward, with a 'why can't I 
get intelligent listeners' gaze, "In laymen's terms this suit will only make
me the same height as you."
 
	"Oh," Akane murmured finally understanding Ranma's speech, 
unfortunately with understanding came another response, "Wait are you saying
I'm not good enough to take you on without the suit?"
 
	"No, no," Ranma said waving her hands as a small blue corona 
manifested around Akane. "It's just that this is just a sparring session and 
it should be on equal footing. So instead of you adjusting to hit me at my
shorter height and I at yours we start off at the same height."
 
	"Okay...I guess that makes sense." and with that Akane's aura faded
and she assumed a kempo stance. "Ready?" she asked.
 
	Ranma took a more relaxed pose "Ready."
 
	With that Akane rushed forward and with a loud "KAI!" delivered a
vicious punch to Ranma's midsection. The punch however never meet its mark as
Ranma deftly leaped over the punch. Next Akane tried a high kick as Ranma 
landed only for it to be blocked by the suits right hand. The fight continued
for a few mintues with Akane punching and kicking and Ranma dodging or 
blocking. "What's wrong aren't you going to fight back?" Akane shouted.
 
	Ranma only grinned slightly, "If you insist." The next thing Akane
knew she was on the recieving end of a few punches as Ranma attacked with a
vengence. Akane tried to block or dodge some of Ranma's attack but she was
too fast.
 
	<Damn! She's good!> Akane thought as Ranma preformed a footsweep
forcing her to jump. <Okay then time to give it my all!> Akane pulled her
right arm back and ran toward Ranma at full speed. Her haymaker punch 
connected all right--with a loud crack a small portion of the dojo wall 
shattered. Ranma leaped high and landed right behind the young Tendo with a
fist poised right at her neck.
 
	"Bang, your out cold." Ranma stated point blank. Akane turned to
look toward the smaller girl and she began to nervously laugh.
 
	"Wow, your very good Washu-chan." Akane stated as Ranma stepped out
of the exo-skeleton and it dematerialized.
 
	"Your not bad yourself," Ranma gave Akane the once over, "More
training in the defensive stances would be necessary but very well done none
the less."
 
	"Thanks." <I think?> Akane thought as she reached for a towel, "I'm
just glad your a girl."

	"Why is that?" Ranma raised an eyebrow for a moment.

	"Well," Akane paused as she studied Ranma for a moment. "Let's just
say I have problem with most boy's and I'd hate to lose to one."

	As Akane walked away Ranma stayed put for a moment a worried look
crossing her young face before she sighs, shrugs heavenward, and heads out of
the dojo proper. 