                                 "Welcome to the Land of Oz"
                                            A Tenchi Fic
                                               Part - 1

    By: J   (j_koei@hotmail.com)

"I-I don't know, Sakuya..." muttered Tenchi, as the young Japanese girl
tugged on his sweater.
"Oh, come on Tenchi!"  Sakuya had a way with mixing words and expressions.
She'd say the strangest things, but that smile of hers always kept Tenchi
coming back for more.  This time she was finally making her move.  She was
going to make Tenchi hers.
"I'm... n-not really ready, Sakuya..." Sakuya engaged Tenchi into a deep
tongue kiss. "I mean, I don't even have a condom..." spouted Tenchi with a
sudden change of heart.
"It's okay... now come over to the bed, Tenchi!"
It was a night that would live in infamy...

 It was a normal morning at the Masaki household.  Ryoko was sleeping in,
Washu was working in her lab, Sasami was cooking breakfast, Yosho and Ayeka
were performing daily Jurian prayers, and Noboyuki was walking down to pick
up the paper and the mail.  A picture on the front of the Tokyo News caught
his eye.  It was Tenchi, with a pair of handcuffs slapped on.  The article
wasn't a headline, just a 'recent event'.  The title of the article was
"Student Rapes Increase".
 "Washu-chan?" shouted Noboyuki as he entered through the strange laboratory
door under the stairs.
 "I'm at my computer, Noboyuki-san.  Come on in, just don't touch
anything."  The distraught man stumbled through the strange inventions, not
sure of what lay ahead.  When a crab-esque shadow was in view, he quickened
his pace.
 "What is it?" muttered Washu, not turning from her computer screen.
Noboyuki tossed the newspaper onto her console.  A wide-eyed Washu turned
swiftly on her cushion, grabbing Noboyuki by his vest.  "Is this Tenchi?!"
 "Read the article... so ashamed..." muttered the aging man.  Washu's eyes
zipped back and forth across the paper.

STUDENT RAPES INCREASE
by: Anashiro Mira

Lately, the number of
date rapes around our local
school system has been appalling,
and the students seem to be the
ones to blame.  The number
of brutal rapes, such as the
recent "Tenchi Masaki" case,
is skyrocketing, becoming
unbearable.  Taking action,
parents and students alike
have put their best efforts
into putting a stop to these
disgusting crimes, and as a
type of effigy, Tenchi Masaki,
assailant of a fellow student,
simply known as "Sakuya" (no
victim names will be stated
at this time.) will be transferred
to prison, showing the results
of actions taken by such criminals
as him.  Reporters say that...

 Washu stopped reading right there.  "Tenchi?!  He'd never!"
 "That's what I thought too..." started Noboyuki "...but my dear Mira has
never lead me astray in her articles... especially her personal interviews
in Penthouse..."
 "This reporter is a STRIPPER?!" screamed Washu, outraged.
 "You should really check out her recent centerfolds.  I heard that's how
she got the job in Tokyo"
 "Let me get this straight..." paced the scientist "You'd trust a WHORE over
your own SON?!"
 "If she was really hot, and Tenchi hasn't been giving me any lap dances
lately..."
 "Ugh. Well, it's good that you got this to me.  I need to have a
conversation with the girls about this... here, this should keep you
occupied for a while."  Washu pulled a rubber ball from her pocket and
handed it to the enthralled Noboyuki, his eyes glowing with interest.

 "He's in JAIL because of her?!" snapped Ryoko, her Cyan hair standing on
end.  She created a red laser sword from her fist and floated in the air, a
raging aura surrounding her.  "I'm going to KILL that Sakuya bitch!"
 "I don't believe... Master Tenchi would... no, he couldn't.  It was that
girl..." stuttered Ayeka, reading over the article for the hundredth time.
 "We need to get a good case against this, because we ALL know Tenchi
wouldn't just sleep with any girl that threw herself at him..." stated Washu
"... right Ryoko?" she grinned
 "Oh, shut up, Mom." Ryoko said as she folded her arms, still tingling with
anger.
 "Well, where are they taking him?" spouted the young Sasami, her hands
clutched together, tears forming at the brims of her eyes.  Washu pulled up
her trancsulcent console, typing in the coordinates of the Tokyo News
website.
 "Aha!  An update..." the little scientist cleared her throat and read the
article aloud:
"With the latest information on the Tenchi Masaki case, it appears that
Masaki will be shipped to the Oswald Maximum Security Correctional Facility,
deep in America.  As stated by a schoolmate of Masaki's, "That's one less
perv we have to deal with, but Tenchi didn't seem like that kind of guy".
Updates will be posted as they come in..."
 "AMERICA?!" all the girls shouted simaltaneously.

                                                    ---

 Officer Sean Murphy held his clipboard in hand as he glared at the new
'Recruits' of Emerald City.  A pathetic Japanese school boy sat in the
back.  "They arrest anybody these days... just makes my days longer."
Murphy climbed the stairs in the small auditorium and started his
announcements.
 "Welcome to the Oswald Maximum Security Correctional Facility.  As you
know, you all will be making your homes here in Em City, until you screw up,
that is.  Once you screw up, you get your ass kicked right back to Gen
Pop."  The officer motioned to four men standing next to a gate, and two
officers. "These gentlemen will be your sponsors, and will teach you the
do's and don'ts of the Emerald City.  The assignments are as follows:
  "Desmond Mobay, you'll be with Augustus Hill" Mobay was a tall and slim
black man with a Jamaican accent.  Hill was a black man in a wheel chair,
with his hair braided back."
  "Ralph Gulino, you're gonna be with Nicolae Stanslovsky over there"
Gulino was a chubby Italian man, who nodded in acknoledgement at the tiny
Russian prisoner, who grinned in response.
  "Guilliame Tarrant, you're heading out with Jaz Hoyt."  Tarrant was a
skinny French man, and Hoyt was a tough American, the leader of the Biker
gang.
  "What?  You're kidding, Murphy?" shouted Hoyt.  "You could've atleast
given me the Japanese kid over there!"  Murphy cleared his throat, shutting
Hoyt up.  "Next off, we have a Tenchi Masaki.  You'll be paired up with
Kareem Said."  Tenchi nervously looked to his side, expecting the worst, but
surprisingly was greeted by a clean cut black Muslim man.  The two shook
hands, Said smiling brightly.
  "We ain't finished yet kids.  Last off, we have a Kenshin Himura.  You're
with Poet."  Kenshin was a strangely out-of-place Japanese man, with long
hair ponytailed behind his head, and dressed in a flannel shirt and a pair
of baggy blue jeans.  Poet was a chubby, smiling black man, who was
laughing, clasping his hands together.  "Alright, get going to your pods,
and see an officer if you have any trouble making your way around.  Welcome
to Oz."

 Tenchi walked nervously beside Kareem, holding his personal belongings.
Numerous inmates stared at him and smiled in the well-kempt facility.  Oz
wasn't a normal prison, but an experiment.
 "Tenchi, was it?"  asked Said.
 "Er... Yea.  Tenchi Masaki.  This isn't really what I thought prison would
be like..." muttered Tenchi as he examined the inmates playing chess and
watching television in a large group.
 "Here in Oz, we don't just get thrown in cells, unless you mess up.  We
have jobs, and this nice little environment to 'communicate' with each
other."
 "Th-that explains... some things..." Tenchi trailed off as he saw two
inmates beating one another, blood spraying on the glass walls of their
pod.  A man was pulled out, struggling from the guards.  "Alright, who
started this shit?" stated one of the officers.
 "I started this shit!" shouted Beecher, a tall man with clean cut
features.  He was lunging himself at another man with short black hair.
Tenchi didn't take his eyes off of the fight as he set his belongings on the
bottom bunk.  "Who're those guys?"
 "The one being carried to the hole is Tobias Beecher.  He came in here
because of... vehicular manslaughter, if I can remember.  He's a good guy,
but that man..." Said glared at the dark haired man "...is Christopher
Keller.  He's an all around bad man.  Stay away from him." two words seemed
to stick to Tenchi's mind: the hole.
 "If you don't mind me asking, Mr. Said... what's... The Hole?"
 "It's where you go if you've been a bad man... a small cell, where you
spend the night, but I don't really want to talk about it..."
 "Of course, sure, no problem!  Heh, I'll just sit over here in the corner
and..."
 "Excuse me if I sounded threatening.  I'm a minister here in Oz, I just get
very low blood pressure around this time of day.  I need my rest.  Now, if
you'll excuse me once again..."  Tenchi sweatdropped as Said crawled to the
top bunk and almost instantly fell asleep.  He was a strange man, Tenchi
thought to himself.  Tenchi opened the door to his pod and walked down the
metal stairs to the main lobby.  He saw an officer mopping up the blood in
the cell to the side of him.  "I've really done it this time..."  the young
man thought to himself, taking a seat at an empty chess table.  Chris Keller
slowly walked over to the table, and took a seat, smiling.

 "So why do they call you Poet?" asked Kenshin, standing under the stairwell
near the entrance with his sponsor.  The man  cackled and pulled a notepad
from his pocket.
 "'Cuz I write, muthafucker!"  he tossed the notepad to Kenshin, who started
reading some of the entries.
 "This is pretty good... you write any Haiku?"
 "Flip to page 86." was the surprising answer Kenshin got.
 "Wow." stated Kenshin as his eyes traced the kanji written on the page. "If
you want to, I could help you with some of this.  I'm kind of a Haiku poet
myself."  Poet smiled at Kenshin.
 "This looks like the beginning of a beautiful friendship." cackled Poet,
slipping Kenshin a container of cocaine.  "It's on the house, man.  Meet me
at around 7 at Adebisi's cell."
 "Err..." Kenshin looked at the small nasal container in his palm, and
realised that the odds were definitely against him this time.  "Adebisi... I
can remember that."  Kenshin smiled and nodded towards Poet, heading towards
his cell.  A tall, muscular Jamaican man stared through the glass at the
young Japanese man.  He chewed on a toothpick that was hanging out of his
mouth loosely.  He smiled.  He had a new killer on his side.

 "You...um...must be Keller..." muttered Tenchi as his eyes studied the tile
on the ground.
 "Are you gonna make a move, or not?" asked Keller, glancing at the chess
board in front of them.  Tenchi quickly moved a pawn a space infront of him
on the board.  Keller did the same.  "You don't have to be scared, kid.  I
won't hurt anybody.  That..." Keller nodded towards the blood stained pod
"...was not my fault.  Beecher can get a little crazy sometimes"  Keller
smiled.  He had a welcoming smile, and Tenchi, who was shaking and sweating
nervously, managed a return smile.  The two held an hour long chess game,
Keller imitating Tenchi's every move, until a stalemate was finally
declared.  The two talked about why they were in Oz, life on the outside,
intimate others (not including five alien women), and life in Oz.

 Gulino sat in his pod, talking on a cell phone.  "Yea, yea, and I need you
to get me outta here as soon as possible.  I know.  call me back.  Thanks."
the man sighed and stuck the phone back in his pocket.  Stanslovsky
approptiately walked in, almost on cue.
 "You know, my friend, that those... cell phones... they are illegal here in
Oz." stated Nicolae, nodding towards the antennae sticking out of Gulino's
pocket.
 "Really?"  "Yes, I'm afraid.  If you like, I can take the cell phone to the
guards for you.  I can tell them I... found it in the gym.  You could get
into some serious trouble."  Gulino tossed the phone to Stanslovsky, who
smiled strangely.  "You might want to toss me the charger as well."  Gulino
did just that.  Stanslovsky left the pod, and quickly shoved the cell phone
into his pocket, and wrapped the charger cord around his ankle under his
sock.

 "Mobay, come in.  Your reputation proceeds you."  the guard closed the door
of Warden Leo Glynn's office, leaving him alone with the newly recruited
Desmond Mobay.  Quickly losing his Jamaican accent, he smiled at Leo.
"Everything's going well so far.  Everybody accepts me as an inmate, and my
cellmate, Hill, seems pretty stable.  I can bust this drug ring in no time."
 "That's what the last officer said, and he's six feet under now, Jackson.
You sure you're ready to handle such a big undercover assignment?"
 "I'm already in the prison, aren't I, Leo?  You don't have to worry.  I've
also dug up some dirt on that Himura guy.  He came in today also.  He's
already been summoned by Adebisi."
 "Old friend?" asked Leo as he sat in his swivel chair, turning to the desk
on his work.
 "I'm not to sure, but looking at Himura's records, it looks like he might
be able to do some damage.  He might also be able to help me end the drug
ring.  It's his choice, but until then... gotta work on my first objective."
 "Which is?"
 Mobay switched his tone of voice back to that of a Jamaican man's.  "Make
friends wit' de bad guys."


To be continued...

Like it?  Hate it?  Send suggestions and feedback to j_koei@hotmail.com.
It'll be greatly appreciated :)