The characters of Tenchi Muyo are not mine they belong
to Pioneer

*The update on this chapter is mostly making it easier
to understand, clearing a few things up, and making it
a bit longer.  Also the fact that I don’t constantly
have people trial off, I don’t know what was with me
the night I wrote this.  Actually I changed the story
around a lot, but stuck with the same plot.  I also
had to fix Washu’s name, because it seems my
spell-checker assumed Washu was a poor try at spelling
the word Wash, and automatically changed it for me.


        "Hey! You!"
        "What? Who the hell is talking to me?"
        "No time for intros, I'm just telling you that I've
chosen you to take the place of my life for a week"
        "WHAT! Who says you can do that?"
        "Me, myself, and I. Look whoever you are please do me
a favor? Switch lives with me for just ONE week?"
        "No way Mr. psycho who's talking inside my head! If
you want to get away that bad, just take a trip!'
        "You don't understand. Where ever I go, these girls
will track me..."
        "Did you say girls? Hot ones or like ugly ones?"
        "Well, I guess that they are hot, but..."
        "And you want to get away from them?
        "Well yeah! Once you see how th..." At this point,
Tenchi stopped himself. Using the little common sense
he had, he decided to keep his mouth shut about the
girls and lie. "Actually I’m a rich billionaire who’s
gone psycho from the pleasures of having money and I'm
saying something I normally would not say," Tenchi
continues in his man am I smart voice.
        "All right I take your offer, but I want to know a
few things, like how I hear your voice in my head,"
the guy, lets call him Mark, said.
        "Um...," Tenchi once again called on his peanut brain
and came up with..."Deals off then"
        "Well..." Mark was a fairly smart person, and a
fairly smart person would think there was some catch,
but after shoveling away his 5th beer, his hormones
got the best of him.  In fact, Mark wasn’t even sure
if this was a reality, or just another soon to be
sexual dream.  Sure, how do we switch?" At that very
moment, Mark was wisked away to the land of Tenchi
Muyo.
        IN THE LAND OF TENCHI MUYO

        Huh? How the hell?! were the first things that popped
into Mark's mind.
        "Now listen," Tenchi's voice spoke in his head. "Your
name is Tenchi. I am sending mental images of my
family, and uhhh friends." All at once Mark knew
Ryoko, Ayeka, Washu, Mihoshi, Sasami, Grandpa, Dad
(Noboyuki) and Ryo-oki. (Plus anyone else I left out)
"Right now I'm receiving your memories. You are in my
body, but you probably still feel the same. I have put
the way to go to school in your head. Anywhere else
shouldn't be that hard to find. I'll be watching in
case you do something outrageous that I normally
wouldn't do.  The current day is Saturday, so you
won’t have to go anywhere really, besides… oh shit!
My training!  Well, um good luck to you! Now, on to
the life of a normal kid, finally." Tenchi finished
with a sigh.
        After the psychic talking with that Tenchi guy, Mark
had a chance to look at his surroundings. He was in a
room with a bed, a desk and a couple of posters. From
Tenchi's memories, he knew it was "his" room. He
looked down at his body to see that he was about the
same height. His shoes were worn like his clothes, and
the style told him he probably lived out in the
country.
        "Great," Mark thought, "Tenchi's a hillbilly. Oh
well, where's those hot chicks he was talking about?"
Almost as if on cue, Mark was pushed back into "his"
bed. Trying to sit up, Mark was pushed back down by a
certain sexy female.
        "Good morning Tenchi," the cyan haired women stated.
        From memory, Mark placed her as Ryoko. As he looked
up at her, his hormones acted immediately. "Damn! When
Tenchi said hot, I didn't think he meant this hot! He
wants to get away from her? What a loser!" Mark
thought.
        "What are you thinking my love?" Ryoko said as she
gave him a sultry look. "I made sure that Ayeka
wouldn't bother us this morning."
        The second part of her sentence never reached Mark's
ears, as he continued staring at her.
        "Tenchi? What's wrong? Why are staring?" She asked
suspiciously.  "Ohhh, I know what you want," Ryoko
finished with a sly smile. Before Mark knew what was
happening, Ryoko had bent down and kissed him
passionately. The feeling was incredible! Sure, Mark
had been kissed before never like this! What kind of
feelings did Ryoko have for this Tenchi guy?! Man,
that guy must have been pretty insane to want to stay
away from this! Responding to what the situation
called for, Mark began to kiss back.
        "mmmm" was Ryoko’s reply, as anyone in the vicinity
could feel her happiness of his last move.  However
before anything else could happen, "Tenchi" vanished.
        "What? Am I in heaven?" Mark spoke out loud.  He had
appeared in some short of void of some sort. All he
saw was himself floating around in total blackness.
As he glanced at his body, he discovered that he was
back in his original flesh. Suddenly, before him
appeared Tenchi.
        "What do you think you were doing!!!" Tenchi yelled.
        "Huh? What are you talking about?" said a very
confused Mark.  It was not often that he went to some
other world, via psychic transportation, and then was
brought to a black hole.  Not often at all.
        "You were kissing Ryoko!" screamed back Tenchi.  His
facial expression was one of madness, mixed with signs
of fear and uncertainty.
        "Yeah, so? I’m in your body, so what’s wrong?"
countered a now extremely confused Mark.  The young
man was trying to think of what was wrong with kissing
a good looking woman.
        "That’s exactly the problem!" Tenchi continued.
        A now very extremely confused Mark. "Huh?"
        "Listen, I know your me for a week, but what right
does that give you to make my decision!!!"
        Now Mark was beyond confused and was in a state of...
a state that was beyond confused.
        "O.K., I guess I didn’t make this clear, but Ryoko
and me are NOT a couple!"
        After this sudden revelation, Mark became beyond the
state of beyond confusion. All of a sudden, his brain
cells thought they understood. "Really?! Wow! Who
would have guessed that there was a hotter girl than
that!"
        "Ahhhhhhhhhh!" Tenchi screamed. "There is no girl
hotter than that!  That’s not what I was trying to
say!!"  The furious fellow was breathing hard and his
face was a unusual shade of red.
        "Than how come you two are not together? I mean it’s
obvious that she has feelings for you. She called me,
I mean you, her love," responded Mark now in some
state out there because the author doesn’t want to
write beyond confusion anymore. (damn, I just did)
        "Listen to me," Tenchi said a little calmer. "That
other girl, Ayeka, she has feelings for me too.  And I
don’t think she is the only one."
        "So? She’ll get over you."
        "It’s not like that! They both want to marry me!!
It’s not just some crush!!!" Tenchi exploded losing
his cool again.
        "Ohhhhhh," Mark said,, finally getting were Tenchi
was coming from, kinda.
        "Yeah, so don’t do anything with either of them, all
right?"
        "Why not?" Mark whined, "you just said there was no
girl hotter than Ryoko."
        "Well, I, uhhh... I guess, I uh," Tenchi stopped
finally realizing that he was stuck. "Just don’t do
anything, O.K.?"
"If you like this Ayeka so much, can I make out with
her?  I don’t know where you live man, but I’m moving
there,"  he said while calling up a mental image of
Ayeka. "It’s hottie overload in here! (Night at the
Roxbury) Do all the girls look this fine?!"
While Mark searched his memory looking at the other
women which Tenchi shared his house with, the troubled
jurain prince was deep in thought.  It was shear luck
that he had stumbled upon this machine, shear luck
that Washu had even built something like it.  Tenchi
had been running away from her, and had actually
tripped on it.  He wasn’t even sure what it did, or
how it worked, but he had to try something because
Washu had been standing over him like a monstrous
tower, ready to get his sperm sample.  It looked like
a time travel machine of sorts, with weird gadgets
that Tenchi didn’t have any clue what they did.
However the big red switch had looked promising, so he
had pulled it.  Tenchi was then transported to this
black void that he was in now.  He had heard a
monotone voice call out the function of the machine, a
mind/body transplant device, and then search for the
best available candidate who’s mind and body would be
least likely to reject the process.  Which led him to
where he was now, listening to Mark babble on about
who extremely sexy his house guests were.
"Then there’s Washu who is also soooo damn fine, and
Mihoshi, who has one of the biggest racks I’ve ever
seen…"
"All right already!" yelled Tenchi losing his cool
again.  This was just much too stressful for the young
man.  "I get the point you think I live with beautiful
women.  Could you please just not do anything for a
day or so?  I’m sure Washu will find out and shut the
machine down or something."  At least I hope she will,
Tenchi thought.
Mark sighed disappointedly. "Well, all right."  A
sliver of hope passed through him. "but it’s kind of
late now don’t you think?" he piped with some hope
that Tenchi would let him continue.
        "Don’t worry, I can just put you back at the
beginning with Washu’s machine here.  Since I am the
one who initiated the process, I think I can start it
over again.  I could probably stop it too, but I don’t
know how."
        "Is that how we’re psychically linked right now?"
Mark wondered.
        "Yeah, but don’t tell Washu, I kind of stole it,"
Tenchi answered quietly.
        "Fine, I won’t do anything. So how is my life
treating you?"
        "Um, well not bad I guess, this girl called," Tenchi
replied in a shaky voice.
        "Really?! Cool! What was her name?" asked Mark with
total enthusiasm in his voice.
        "I’m pretty sure it was Jessica, she wanted to know
if I, mean you, would join her to a movie,"
        "Awesome! All right I’ve always thought she was a
total babe!" Suddenly something dawned on Mark. "Um
Tenchi? When she asked you to a movie, did you
accept?" If Mark had known Tenchi better, he wouldn’t
have even bothered to ask.
        "Well, you see. I wanted to but, uhhh,"
        "You idiot!!!" Mark screamed. The force of anger had
shifted from Tenchi to Mark now. "Do you know how long
I’ve wanted to go out with her! That’s it! Put me back
in my real life right now!"
        "Hey! C’mon don’t go back on our deal!"  Actually
Tenchi wasn’t sure why he had said that, he wanted out
of this mess too.
        "I thought that you where a normal person, and would
do anything in my situation that I would!  Well normal
besides the fact you said you were rich, you fucking
liar!" After some thought, Mark was able to understand
that he was drunk when the swap had happened, but it
didn’t stop his abrupt outrage. "I don’t know how this
machine works, but I’m going back to my real life!"
        "Not if I can help it!" Tenchi countered.
        As the two boys fought for their lives, literally, a
mad scientist far, far away made a startling
discovery.
        "Hey! Where do you get off calling me mad!" Washu
yelled.
        "Whoops! didn’t mean to write that down," the author
said quickly finding his mistake. "Lets try it again."
        As the two boys fought for their lives, literally, a
genius scientist that had red hair made a startling
discovery. (Washu: better)
        "A ha! I’ve found out who took my body changing
machine! Now to bring the culprits here!" Washu
cackled with glee. The mad, I mean genius, scientist
walked over to one of her big machine thingys and
pressed a button.
        "You’re the biggest loser I know! Give me back my
life!" At that instant, Mark and
Tenchi’s argument was interrupted by Washu’s machine.
                                INTO THE CLUCTCHES OF WASHU’S LAB
        "So, lets take a look at our criminals shall we?"
said Washu.
        "Yeah! Your such a genius Washu!" remarked puppet A.
        "It was easy for a genius, wasn’t it Washu!" rejoiced
puppet B.
        "Ahh ha ha ha ha!" laughed Washu in her evil laugh.
        Meanwhile, Mark and Tenchi were just coming into
consciousness. When they saw each other, they started
fighting. That is until they say they were in their
original bodies.
        "Ohh, sorry Tenchi, I didn’t know you had put me
back," Mark apologized.
        "Actually, I didn’t do it," admitted the spiky haired
boy.
        "So the thieves have awakened!" shouted Washu
triumphantly. "Lets take a look, shall we?" Washu
walked over to the spot where her "criminals" rested.
When she got there she was overtaken by shock.
"Tenchi, you took my machine?" she said.
        Looking up and seeing the owner of the voice, Tenchi
replied uneasily, "Um, I just wanted to test it?" It
sounded as if he was trying to convince himself.
        "Why I would have never thought! And who’s this? You
had an accomplice?!" Washu said surprised. Glancing
more closely at the boy, she began to make a mental
note of his features. The boy was tall, with brown
eyes. He seemed to stand in a very laid back kind of
way, which was greatly enhanced by the way his blond
hair was gelled forward. "And a handsome one at that,"
Washu thought. Out loud she said "So, what’s your game
Tenchi? Why did you steal my machine?"
        "Well, in all honesty, I just wanted to get away from
you when you were chasing me.  When I went into the
machine I decided to just get away for a little
while," Tenchi replied as his face flushed.
        "And you what’s your name?" asked the scientist.
        "Mark, and you must be Washu," said Mark.
Immediately, Washu had materialized her beam sword and
had it at Mark’s neck. Totally freaked out by the last
action (who wouldn’t be?) Mark fainted.
        "Washu what was that for?" yelled Tenchi.
        "He knew my name! He must be another person trying to
kidnap me!" Washu countered.
        "No! He knew your name because of your machine! When
we switched places."
        "You mean... it worked?"  Her eyes filled with tears
and her face full of pride.
         Huh? thought Tenchi.
        "It worked! I truly am the greatest scientific
genius!" screamed Washu like she had figured out how
to turn Ayeka’s and Ryoko’s cooking into actually
edible food.  She began to twirl around the lab doing
a little victory dance.
        "Of course you are," said A.
        "Didn’t doubt you for a second," replied B.
        "I need to see it in action," stated Washu. She
quickly went over to her machine and turned it on. At
once, the machine began to make noise, and then, just
as suddenly as it had begun, it stopped. "What?!
What’s wrong with it?" spoke an obviously frustrated
Washu.
        "Looks like it’s broken," Tenchi said redundantly.
         "I know it’s broken you idiot!" she screamed. She
walked away and began to curse.
        "Um, Washu?" asked Tenchi, afraid that the red head
would explode on him. When he didn’t get a answer, he
continued, "That Mark guy, is he stuck here?"
        At that moment, Washu’s gray world turned slightly
whiter. At least that new guy would be staying.  It
would give her a chance to perform more experiments on
different people.  Maybe she could get a sample out of
this one…"Where will he stay, oh dear me, a poor boy
stuck here with me, I mean us. He must be from way out
of town, where will he stay? Do you think he could
stay here?" Washu finished.  She looked at the jurian
prince with puppy dog eyes.
        "Why not?" Tenchi said with a sigh. "We’ve already
got enough people, one more wont make a difference."
Even more freeloaders.  His gaze began to drift to the
various experiments, and then to the door of the lab
as he heard a noise.
        "C’mon Mihoshi open the door!"
        "Yes please hurry I fear that Tenchi is trapped in
there.  Who knows what Miss Washu is doing to him at
this moment!"
        "Will you both please be quiet, this isn’t as easy as
you think it is.  Now lets see, how did I do it last
time?  Did I knock and then push, or push then knock,
oh I can’t remember!"
        The young man returned his stare to Washu.  "I think
you’re about to get some more visitors."  He heard a
thud and looked back at the entrance to find out that
the guests had arrived.
        "Mihoshi you idiot!"
        "Get off me you filthy space pirate!"
        "I can’t until bubblehead here gets off me!"
        "Waaaaa!  Why are you both yelling at me?  I got us
in like you asked! Waaaaaa!"
                                        (Cue giant sweatdrop on Tenchi)
        When the three noticed that the object of their
affections was staring at them, they immediately
stopped arguing and tried to run over to him.  Of
course this failed as they all tried to get up at once
and fell down in succession.       (Cue an even larger
sweatdrop on Tenchi)
Washu stood over her broken machine laughing harder
than see had ever laughed before.  This earned her
glares from Ryoko and Ayeka, which only made her laugh
harder.  Even Tenchi was trying hard not to laugh, but
he didn’t succeed in surpressing a smile.
"So what brings you guys in here today?" questioned
Washu, who was still chuckling.
Ayeka stood up and brushed herself off.  "We were
curios as to where Lord Tenchi was, and it seems you
were trying to get him to subject to another one of
your experiments!"
"Well, not exactly…"
While the girls argued, Tenchi thought long and hard
and hoped that he had somehow restarted the machine,
in essence, erasing what Mark had done earlier in his
body.  It seemed that he had, otherwise Ryoko would be
bragging to Ayeka or clinging on him.
        "Ugh," came a voice from the ground.  Tenchi turned
to see the newest member of the house waking up.
"What’s all the noise about?"  As soon as he said it,
everyone became quiet, interested in who this new
person was.  Mark was a little freaked out by the
sudden silence.  "Um, why is everybody so quiet?
Hehe?"
        "Oh, so your awake huh?" spoke the owner of the lab,
interrupting the silence.
        "Ahhhh! It’s the little girl with the laser!" yelled
the newly awakened boy as he quickly ducked behind
some big floating thingy.
        "Washu who is this guy?!"
        "Well, it’s a long story, so you better round up the
rest of the gang."

        "So he came through your machine, Miss Washu," Ayeka
asked.
        "Yep, seems Tenchi over there," Washu stopped to
point at everybody’s favorite jurian bachelor. "wanted
to get away from all of us for a while," she finished.
 Everyone had gathered in the family room to hear all
about this new person and where Tenchi had been.
        "Loser," murmured Mark under his breath.  He looked
around to see if anyone had heard him, and met a pair
of angry eyes belonging to Tenchi.  He gave him a
sheepish smile, and turned back towards the rest of
the group, where he met up with another glare that was
much harsher.
        "Where do you get off calling Tenchi a loser?!"
shouted Ryoko.  Somehow the other segment of people
didn’t seem to notice this ensuing controversy.
        Mark was blown away at this sudden burst of anger.
"Um, who me?  I didn’t say anything."
        "Oh really now, well I think you did.  Go apologize
to him, before I kick your sorry ass!"  Now the entire
group’s interest was diverted to something other than
Washu’s explanation.
        "I uh…"  Mark began to feel nervous and very small as
he looked into the amber eyes of Ryoko.  Her eyes
blazes with anger, and they gave him the feeling to
just sink back, and crawl into a hole. Without
warning, he became enraged by being pushed around by
the opposite sex.  A smile crept onto this face.
"Well maybe I did call him a loser.  You just proved
that it fits him perfectly, by defending him.  I guess
he needs others to stand up for him, cause he can’t do
it on his own."
        This really ticked the demoness off.  "Why you piece
of shit!"  She began to form an energy ball in her
right hand.
 "Wow, that’s cool,"  said Mark, when he noticed the
ball in her hand.  "Are you trying to scare me or
something?"
        "Cool?! It’s not cool it’s a weapon!!" screamed the
enraged cyan haired woman.
        "Really? How does it work?" said Mark with curiosity.
        "I’ll show you how it works you..."
        "That’s quite enough Little Ryoko, let the boy
adjust, he’s probably never seen aliens before," said
Washu.
        "Aliens???"
        "Fine I guess you’re right."  She dispersed the ball
and put her hands on her hips.
        "Of course, a mother is always right!"
        "Mother???"
        "Yes, listen to your mother Ryoko," teased Ayeka.
        "Zip it princess,"
        "Princess???"
        At this time, Mark’s head overloaded, and he slumped
to the floor for a second time that day.
        "There he goes again.  This guy sure gets confused
easily, doesn’t he?"
        "What guy?" said Mihoshi, who had been staring at the
t.v. the whole time oblivious to what was going on.
        "The one on the floor Mihoshi," said Sasami, because
she was the only one who had not fallen over in
disbelief off Mihoshi’s stupidity.
        "Oh, wow, when did he get here?"  the confused blond
asked. If it was possible, the older guests of the
Masaki household sank even deeper into the ground.
        "Well I’m sure Washu can explain it to you Mihoshi.
I need to go start dinner."  Sasami looked at Tenchi.
"Should I set an extra place at the table?"
        The young man sighed from his spot on the floor.
"Yeah you might as well."  He picked himself off the
floor at sat down on one of the couches in the room.
"Washu… do you think we should tell him about
ourselves?  Or could you… erase his memory or
something."
        Washu smiled sweetly at him.  "Now Tenchi, I know a
lot has been going on, and I’ve let it slide quite a
few times today, but… I’ve you want something, please
call me LITTLE Washu!"
        Nervous laughter escaped Tenchi’s mouth.  "Hehe,
sorry about that, Little Washu."
        "No problem."




"Holy shit! This food is good!" screamed the newest
addition to the house.  Needless to say, the other
members were not expecting his outburst, and they
replied in kind.
        "Excuse me, Mark? Uhh, I don’t know how to put this,
but we don’t swear around this house," Tenchi replied
nervously.
        "You don’t swear!!! Where in America am I?" the
bewildered Mark said.
        "Your not in America, this is Japan."
        "Japan!!! What am I going to do?  I have to be home
by 7:00 cause me and my friends are going to see a
movie?  Wait a minute, how can I understand you?
Shouldn’t you all be speaking Japanese?
        "Why that’s a very good question, Mark," and with
that Washu rambled on about another lecture while the
family finished eating.
        "So you see, if you divide the square root of
3845517, and make sure the gamacacer of the
supersternsenser is working, it’s really quite
simple," she finished.
        "Riiiiight. So your saying I can speak any language?"

        "Yes," Washu sighed.
        "That’s pretty neat, you know? Can everyone else?" a
now finally understanding Mark asked.
        "Why, yes, they can," she said, "Would you like to
come into my lab, and I’ll show you all of my wisdom,"
At that last comment she let a mischievous grin slip,
the family special.
        Not liking that look from a right now twelve year
old, Mark responded, "Maybe that wouldn’t be such a
good idea..." At that moment, Washu turned into an
adult. Mark, clearly not understanding, fainted.
(again)
        "See you all later," the scientist said as she
dragged Mark into her lab.
        "Hmmmmm, that’s a good idea," thought Ryoko. She
quickly phased out of her clothes right in front of
Tenchi.
        The young jurian began stutter as his eyes fell on
Ryoko’s beautiful body.  "I, uh, eek!  Um, da, wa…"
His nose started bleeding profoundly and soon the loss
of blood was too much for his body to take and he
followed Mark’s example.
        "See you all later!" Ryoko waved before disappearing
with Tenchi.
        "Miss Ryoko! Arrrrrrgh, that monster woman! I have to
go find her before she seduces poor Tenchi!" Ayeka
screamed as she looked around for support. "Come on
Mihoshi! You like Tenchi don’t you? Help me search for
Ryoko!"
        "Well, I would, but you see, I haven’t finished my
food yet," Mihoshi said.
        At this point Ayeka was beyond mad, so she just ran
out the front door screaming.

                                Back in the Clutches of Washu’s lab...

        As Washu got ready, Mark woke up. He was back in that
strange lab again. He brushed his blond hair back, and
got up.
        "This place sure is huge," he said to no one in
particular.  In front of him, was a rather large
machine that looked all shiny like it had just been
finished. It was red with a big black handle on the
side.  Various designs were scattered on the brown
table next to it.  Upon further examination, Mark
concluded that it had just been finished.  His
curiosity told him to keep reading and he stumbled at
the occurrence of a book of some sort.  He opened it
and  read,  "The Genius of Washu."  Flipping the pages
he found many of Washu’s greatest inventions.  Towards
the back he discovered a picture of the invention in
front of him.  It was labeled  "Interdimension travel"
 Underneath was some notes…

I have finally completed my greatest experiment!
This one will surpass all of the others by far!
Ever since my mind became as developed as it is now,
I have wondered if there are other dimensions out
there,
Other people living different lives, in different
worlds.
With this machine I can at last see whether this is
true.
It took me a while, but I unearthed some information
of my predecessors.
It seemed that they were convinced that each person
possessed the ability to jump from one dimension to
another. It was just a problem of figuring out how to
do it. It seemed these early scientists thought that
the answer lied in the DNA strand, but they were off.
Taking their research a step farther with much more
advanced technology, I was able to find the key! As
everyone knows, each person is made up of millions of
molecules.  Modern day scientist are set on exploring
what the things break up into, until they find that
they can go no further. I used much the same method,
only I looked at what made up certain parts of the
body, not the entire thing. And through long hours of
research, I found that there was a part of the human
brain that controlled which dimension you stayed in.
To go from one dimension to another was a mental
process, not a physical one. It seems that there is a
small portion of the front lobe that is infinitely
working.  It is so small that only my advanced
telescopes could see it.  Still, the image is tiny
under the highest magnification. Even when you sleep
and the brain relaxes, using only the energy to
provide a dream, this part was still going, much like
the human heart, it never stops.  I conducted an
experiment on a small cat that I saw wandering around
one day.  I wanted to see what would happen if the
part if the brain was shut down permanently.  What I
found shocked me.  It seems that when this brain cell
was destroyed, and person rapidly transfers from one
dimension to another.  My computers have registered
seeing the cat 3,500 times in 500 days since the
experiment exactly.  This means that there is seven
dimensions in all, including the one we are currently
living in.  However for some reason the cat only stays
in this dimension for a few seconds before going to
the next. (Yeah I know this fake science talk may be
boring, but its important for the story) I performed
another test on yet another cat, this time trying to
stop the brain cell for a period of time which I could
control. When I did this the cat did not come back
until the cell awakened.  I experimented with
different amounts of power to use and the more the
power, the longer the feline creature stayed. I even
found that I could keep the cat in another dimension
for as long as I wanted, until I stopped the flow of
power from keeping the cell inactive. I checking
through my specimens, and I have concluded that every
living organism has the special cell, no matter what
size.  This cell keeps us in this dimension. I wonder
if organisms in other dimensions have a modified
version of this cell, which is set to keep them in
their dimension. Now all I have to do is to gather up
the courage to visit the other worlds. As a last
resort if any of the members in this house are
attacked, and there is no way we can possible survive,
we can warp to another dimension.  I have planted
devices inside their heads which if I give the signal,
can apply the charge to their brain cell. They double
as universal language translators, so as of now, they
do not know about it. I have even implanted one in my
head. Because of the fact that they are all identical,
we should all be transported to the same dimension.
But I’m not sure which one we would go to…
(wow am I good at making up sciency junk or what?)
        Mark took a step back and shook his head, because it
was all messed up from the reading.  Man was Washu
smart! He thought.  I can’t believe she could figure
something out like that!  How could any normal human
figure out something like this?  A voice in the back
of his mind nagged at him, trying to tell him that she
wasn’t normal, but Mark dismissed it.  He walked over
towards the amazing machine.  His hand dangled near
the large red lever.
        "I wouldn’t touch that if I were you," came a sexy
voice from behind.
        Surprised, Mark turned around to see Washu, and well,
man was she lookin hot!
        "Wawawa Washu? I thought you were a little girl?"
Mark said.
        "Actually, I’m 20,000 years old."
        "20,000 years old, how, ahhhhhh!" Mark finished with
a scream as his head was attacked by a massive
headache.
        "Ohhh damn, I just made him remember, I knew I
shouldn’t have erased his memories of earlier! Now
look at all the pain he’s in!" Washu said. Out of
control as his memories returned, Mark frantically ran
around waving his hands in the air.  He ran around
screaming, "Aliens! Ahh! This must be some sort of
mind torture!"  He sprinted past Washu and jumped over
a table.  He glanced back to see if she was following
him, and he felt his foot get caught on something as
Mark lost his balance and flew forward.

Time seemed to stop.  Mark stayed frozen in the air,
face filled with worry.  Suddenly a light shown over
him.  A second later the same light appeared over
Washu.  Her expression was one of fear for the young
man, coupled with fear of where his hand was headed.
Back in Tenchi’s room, the light engulfed Ryoko.  She
was standing over Tenchi, with a mischievous smile on
her face, but if you looked deep enough, you could see
the love that it held for the boy laying on the bed.
The mysterious light next highlighted Tenchi, who was
still laying unconscious on his own bed. His forehead
lit up and the mark of Tsunami formed.  In the kitchen
Ayeka had come back inside, and her expression was one
of worry for Tenchi, mixed with the anger she had for
Ryoko taking him.  The light also covered her.  Her
tiara glowed a bright yellow.  The next person to be
smothered in the light was Mihoshi.  Her face was
bright and happy as it always seemed to be, and her
mouth was full of her third helping of food.  Lastly
the light came for Sasami.  It coated her whole body
just like the others.  Only Sasami’s face wore a
knowing look.  Like she knew the something was going
to come.
        The light surrounding those seven people suddenly
expanded off them onto everything.  The entire house,
plus Washu’s lab, became a mystical shade of white for
a moment, and then… everything returned to normal.

Back in Washu’s lab Mark continued his flight from his
trip. As he fell, his right hand bumped the a large
handle.
"Nnnnnnnnooooooooooo!" yelled Washu. It was at that
point that everything went dark.





"Uggh, where am I?" wondered Mark. It was at that time
that a gun was lowered and pointed at his head...


Good Riddance (Time Of Your Life)
Another turning point
A fork stuck in the road
Time grabs you by the wrist
Directs you where to go
So make the best of this test
And don't ask why
It's not a question
But a lesson learned in time
It's something unpredicatable
But in the end it's right
I hope you had the time of your life

So take the photographs and still frames in your mind
Hang it on a shelf of good health and good time
Tattoos of memories
And dead skin on trial
For what it's worth
It was worth all the while
I hope you had the time of your life

It’s something unpredictable, but in the end it’s
right.
I hope you had the time of your life.

Notes: Hey! I hope you liked what I did to this
chapter.  I really changed it around a lot more than
planned, but I liked how it looks now.  Its no longer
a joke fic of sorts, and it makes a lot more sense.
The fic is also much longer then it first was.  If
you’re wondering why I called it "Da Beginning" it’s
because there are already like 10 "The Beginning" on
the site.  I figured I’d do something a bit different,
make my story stand out a little, like the title.  Any
ways, I plan on writing this thing for a LONG time,
having the characters visit each of these dimensions
that Washu wrote about.  Since this is my first fic, I
plan on writing this until I no longer have an
interest in Tenchi Muyo and the other series.  I will
make other smaller fics, but this is gonna be my main
one.  It’s not much now, but…

Oh yeah who’s that dumbass psycho who copied my fics
name?  Ohh I bet you think you’re cool now cause you
added damn in.  You wanna diss my fic? Mst it, don’t
copy my title. This fanfic is going to be a helluva
lot better than yours.

        All comments should be sent to bcingu797@yahoo.com