   Disclaimer: No none of the Tenchi characters are
mine, so don’t waste your time to sue for money that
isn’t there.

Yes it’s updated, but this chapter doesn’t have that
many changes in it.  I already have the fourth chapter
done, but I don’t like how it turned out.  So instead
of putting it out, I’m fixing all of my mistakes from
the earlier chapters to make it more suitable for my
story.  Hey, you’ve got to start out strong if you
want it to be good!  Haha, oh yeah, it seems I made a
mistake when writing these next two chapters.  I guess
I was drowsy, and couldn’t tell what I was writing.
Institute and institution, not the same thing.
        No one really reads this things do they?  Hell, no
one even reads my story!  Wait, why am I writing like
I’m talking to someone if no one reads this?  Did ya
notice I’m using a lot of I’s?  Did you know that…



He stared. He stared some more. He stared for a third
time. And when he was done staring, he stared again.
Mark could not take his eyes off the gun that was
pointed at his forehead. Finally, he got up the gut to
speak.
"H Hi," he stammered.
        His unknown assassin looked at him. She had short
brown hair, brown eyes, and some sort of uniform on.
The way that she held the gun gave you the idea she
knew how to use it very well. The place that he was
being held in was an office of sorts, with a gray
laptop computer stationed at the table in the center
of the room. Other than that, the room was empty.
        "Who are you?" the woman spoke in an accented tone.
She glanced at the a figure on the floor. Mark
following the gaze, and came upon Washu’s body
situated on the floor. Washu was smiling at the lady,
which was making her nervous.
        "I repeat, who are you two? Do you work for Datadyne?
If you don’t answer me, you won’t live to get a third
chance!"
        "Ahhhh! Please don’t shoot!
I’mjustalittleboywhowastalkedtobysomekidusingsome

devicewhogottransportedtohishomeandendedupstayingthereasa
resultofthemachinebreakingdownthenIdescovertheyarealiens
andoneofthemtriestofriskmeandIpressaswicthandIgetalldizzy
andendupwithyoupointingagunatmyface!"
Mark blurted. After that outburst, his face turned
several unnatural shades, and he started gasping for
air.
        "What!?" she demanded.
        "In simple terms, the poor fellow over there pulled a
switch on one of my brilliant inventions, in essence
warping us here to this dimension." Washu said.
        "Whaaat?!! So your saying that you both came from a
different dimension?!"
        "That’s right," replied Washu, "and if I’m not
mistaken a few of our friends should be here as well."
  No sooner had she finished that sentence, when a
large explosion was heard from downstairs.
        "Those would be your friends, I presume?" spoke the
gun holder.
        "Yes, and if you want this building in one piece, I
suggest you take us to them."
        Suddenly, the door to the room opened with a woosh.
(Wooooosh!)  In stepped a man in his 60’s. He also had
brown hair, and brown eyes. This man had a beard, and
wore a formal suit that one would wear to work.
        "Joanna! It seems were under attack!" spoke the
newcomer. His accent was also very strong in his
speech. "Who are those two people with you?"
        "I am Washu, and the person still gasping for air is
Mark," explained the red head, "And as I have already
informed your friend, the only way to stop this so
called attack, is to let us see the attackers."
        "Who, what? Why should we trust you? Were did you
come from? How did you get into the Institute?" said a
now confused man.
        "I politely told you my name, now I request your
name," politely demanded Washu.
        "Daniel, Daniel Carrington, and that woman pointing
the gun at you is Joanna Dark," said Daniel. "At ease
Joanna, they don’t seem to intend us any harm."
        "All right, but we need to stop the attack that’s
going on!" spoke Joanna.
        "Listen just take us with you, you can even keep a
gun on us, but I’m telling you, you won’t stop them
until I speak with them."
        "Fine, Joanna keep the gun trained on them in case
they are spies," responded Carrington, "Let’s go!"  At
this time Carrington, Washu and Joanna all got up, and
run out off the room. A few seconds pass, and then
they turned back to stare at a STILL gasping Mark.
Mark continued gasping, until he glanced up at them.
        "Hehe, sorry."

                        (Five minutes ago...)

        "Ahhh, what was that? Huh?! Where am I?" Ryoko spoke
outloud.  She had reappeared in a room with a ship of
some sort in it.  The ship was more advanced than the
normal earth ships she had seen.  There were a couple
of boxes with a computer on one.  Remembering what had
happened before the sudden trip, Ryoko frantically
began looking for Tenchi.
        "Tenchi, where are you?" cried Ryoko.  She was
beginning to become worried when she found her reason
for living was not there.  Her worrying state of mind
was interrupted by the sound of someone walking.
"Tenchi?"
        "Who the hell are you?! How did you get here!" said a
very surprised person.
        "No, not Tenchi," spoke the cyan harried woman, "Uhh,
I was looking for the rest of the tour?"
        "I could think up a better lie than that!" replied
the guy.
        "Oh really?" challenged Ryoko.
        "Yeah! You could say something like: I was sent here
by a machine made from a little red harried genius,
who happens to be my mother, and now I’m here in this
dimension." He shot back.
        "Damn, your good."
        "I am, are I not? Any ways, how did you get here!?
You must be a spy!" declared Foster
        "I’m not a spy! I’m just looking for my friend who
traveled here with me!" declared an outraged Ryoko.
        "Oh, well there is another person over there," he
said, pointing to a figure behind one of the crates.
        "Tenchi!" yelled Ryoko, while she ran over to him.
She checked his vital signs, and after finding he was
very alive, turned on Foster with anger.
        "Did you hurt my Tenchi!!?" she said charging up a
ball of energy.
        "What the hell!" said Foster.  He immediately took
out a gun and began shooting at Ryoko.  His gun was
having no affect on the deadly beauty.
        "Shit! What are you?!" He took out a little, black
radio thing. "Red alert! There’s an enemy downstairs.
Request immediate assistance!" He put away the radio.
"I’m out of here!"
        Ryoko watched him run away, and went back to check on
Tenchi.  "My dearest Tenchi, what did they do to you?"
she purred. At that time, Tenchi woke up.
        "Ahh, Ryoko? Where are we?" spoke the dazed boy.
        "Tenchi!!!" Ryoko cried, and instantly hugged the
breath out of him.
        "Ahh! Not so tight!" he continued when she lessened
her grip, "What is this place?"
        "I don’t know, it’s some sort of hanger I guess. When
I awoke, this is where I was."
        "Well, we should probably try and find the others..."
Tenchi’s sentence was cut off by the sound of gunfire.
        "Damn! Tenchi get behind those boxes, I’ll hold them
off!" yelled Ryoko.
        "Who are they?" Tenchi said referring to the 20 men
who had just entered the hangar.
        "Friends of a new acquaintance of mine."
        "Should have known," Tenchi responded with a smile.
        "Yeah, well it’s not my fault," Ryoko said, missing
his smile.  She began to fire blast after blast at the
men as they unloaded their AR34’s at her.  The bullets
were beginning to irritate Ryoko, causing a couple of
her shots to miss their target; miniature explosions
formed on the grayish walls of the Institute.  "Come
and get it guys!" she yelled while sending more
volleys of blasts at the men who were now hiding
behind the corner of the wall. "Cowards!!!"

        Ayeka awoke to the surroundings of a storage room of
sorts.  In the room, she saw several crates which she
assumed were stored with supplies.  To the right of
the room was a sliding door, accompanied by a sentry
gun.  To put it blunt, Ayeka was lost.
        "Where, who, how?" the befuddled princess spoke to no
one in particular.  At least she thought until...
        "Ayeka! How did we get here?" was spoken by Sasami.
The little girl ran up to her big sister, and gave her
a hug. Following behind her was Mihoshi and Ryo-oki.
        "Oh, I’m so scared! One minute I’m eating dinner, and
the next, I’m in this strange place! Oh my is that a
gun on the wall?" wailed Mihoshi.
        "A gun?!" said the younger princess, "Guns are bad,
they hurt people!"
        "Meow, meow!" agreed Ryo-oki.
        "Um, Mihoshi, you’re a galaxy police officer, right?"
asked Ayeka.
        "Yeah! Galaxy police first class detective Mihoshi at
your service!" stated Mihoshi proudly.
        "Uh, then don’t you use a gun when on duty?"
        "Oh, yeah, but they are still bad.  They hurt people
and stuff, how awful!" cried the detective.  Ayeka
sweat dropped.
        "Then you all better do as I say, so I won’t have to
use one," said a figure who had just stepped in from
behind.

                        (Back to the present)



        "Hurry, get in the elevator!" said Carrington.  They
were rushing to get to the explosion.  Looking through
the clear elevator, they could see people running
towards downstairs.  One such person was amazed on how
they could attain this detail.
        "Hey, cool! A clear elevator, awesome!" exclaimed
Mark.  All heads turned to look at him. "What? It’s
cool, I’ve never been in one before!"
        Running like the wind, the four ran downstairs.  They
would have succeeded if not for the crowd of wimps
hiding behind the corner.
        "What are you all doing!" screamed Carrington.  These
were some of his best men, and they were hiding?!  He
looked at Washu.  Who were those friends of theirs?
        "This women, she’s a monster! Shoots rockets out of
her hands, and has some ultra shield!"
        "That’s my little Ryoko," said Washu proudly.  All
heads turned to stare. "Oops! I better go calm her
down," she finished as she casually walked down the
stairs.
        "Who is she?" asked Joanna of Mark.
        "I have no idea, I’m as clueless as to what’s going
on as you."

        "Looks like they’ve had enough," said Ryoko.  It was
a good thing, because with only one of her gems, her
power was beginning to wear.  "You can come out now
Tenchi," she called.
        "Okay, we should probably go and look for the
others."
        "Do we have to?" pleaded the cyan harried woman as
she draped hers arms around him. "What if were the
only ones here Tenchi? Just a little place for you and
me to..."
        "Keep dreaming Ryoko, there’s no way I’d do that for
you. Only if you called me mom," said Washu with a
smirk.
        "Washu..." spat Ryoko like she had just said a curse.
 She reluctantly unwrapped her arms from around
Tenchi’s neck to face her.
        "Ahh, I see Tenchi was trying some of Mark’s advice,
huh?" giggled Washu.
        "Whaaa!? No, it’s just, well, she, and the guys,
and..." explained Tenchi not explaining anything at
all.
        "Relax, I’m just kidding," said Washu, "although the
way you try so hard to defend yourself does seem to
make me wonder..." she finished, still poking fun at
Tenchi.  Tenchi sweatdropped.
        "So, did you see anyone else?" asked Ryoko, changing
the subject.  She loved to see Tenchi squirm, but when
he rejected having anything to do with her, it tore
her apart.
        "Well, Mark is here, but I haven’t seen any of the
others," stated Washu.
        "Great, my favorite person," said Tenchi.  He didn’t
know what Mark’s problem was, but it made him mad when
he made fun of him.  Even though he had only done it
once, Tenchi was a stick with first impressions type
of guy.
        "Lets go see him, we got a lot of explaining to do,"
sighed the exasperated woman.
        "I don’t think he’s the only one that needs an
explanation."  Tenchi and Ryoko followed her gaze and
landed on the soldiers.
        "Yeah, guess we do," said Tenchi sheepishly.



"Hey, I was getting worried you guys," yelled Mark.
"What took so long Washu?"
        "Oh, nothing special, just alien talk," responded
Washu.  Their was a collective gasp from the crowd.
The only one who was not staring was Mr. Carrington.
        "Now gather around all of you, it’s gonna be a long
story!"  Normally they would have moved into a more
comfortable place, but, they were in the presence of
aliens!  Who were they to question them?  Mark sat
down next to Joanna out of shear coincidence.  Both
were enthralled in learning about the aliens, and
didn’t seem to notice each other’s company.
        "Now, please save all questions to the end, ok?
Tenchi, do you want to start?"
        "What?! Oh, all right," Tenchi conceded only after
seeing the evil look Washu gave him.  Ryoko glared at
her mother.
        "Well, I guess it all started that day when I stole
the keys to the shrine that Ryoko was held imprisoned
in.  She had been trapped there by my grandpa, because
of the evil deeds she was forced to do by a man named
Kagato," started Tenchi.  The audience all gave Ryoko
looks of sympathy, even though they had no idea how
horrible it had been for her.  "I went into the cave,
and released her.  However, her body had become
mummified for some reason, and I was scared of her."
If Tenchi had stopped to catch his breath, he would
have noticed that Ryoko was intensely staring at the
ground.  Her eyes were barely holding back tears.
However he didn’t.
        "Then a few weeks later, she followed me to my school
and kind of attacked me," Tenchi continued.  There was
a gasp from Mark, who simply could not hold  his urge
to make people laugh, or act like an idiot.  Normally,
it turned out to be both.
        "Ehhem," growled Tenchi. "We fought, or more like she
chased me around the school.  Then when we got
outside, the sword in my briefcase came to life.  I
managed to beat her, sort of, and then she sunk into
the ground.  And then, she came to my house, and we
got attacked by Ayeka.  This lead to us meeting Sasami
and..."
        "That’s all really nice, but we don’t need your life
story," interrupted Joanna.  "What we want to know is,
who you are, where you came from, and how you got
here," she said.  There was a murmur of agreement from
the rest of the crowd.
        "Well, I’m from Earth.  My grandpa was part Jurian,
an alien race.  So that makes me part Jurian too.
That’s all the alien in me."
        "That, and the fact he’s lived with five hot girls
for a month, and never went out with any of them,"
mumbled Mark.
        "My name is Washu Hakabi.  I am over 20,000 years
old," she said.  The crowd of the Institution gasped
again. "I was a prisoner on a ship for quite some
time.  The only things you need to know are to ALWAYS
call me Little Washu, and that I am the greatest
scientific genius in the universe!"
        "Yes you are Washu," said puppet A.
        "Washu is the greatest! Go Washu!" yelled B.
        "Washu! Washu!" they cheered as Washu did her little
victory dance.
         Washu probably had seen quite a lot in her lifetime.
 However, I don’t think she had ever seen 25 pairs of
eyes staring at her like she should be locked up and
never released.
        "Next, please!" shouted Washu, interrupting everyone
from their psycho stare.  She pushed her daughter
forward.
        "Wha, Washu!" shouted the enraged demon as she
stumbled forward on the gray tile. "Well, um, there’s
not really anything special about me, except I can do
this," she said while phasing through the floor.
        "Wow, amazing, incredible, cool," was the incoherent
blabber.  The last line had been from Mark.
        "Yeah, and I can teleport," Ryoko added as she
randomly appeared in place.  There was a collection of
gasps and more blabber about her "incredible" feat.
        "And..." trailed off Ryoko, starting to like getting
all the attention, "I can do this." An energy ball
appeared in her hand.  Once again, the spectators were
quite impressed. "I can through this an the impact
while cause an explosion, as some of you already
witnessed, sorry!" she finished with an embarrassed
look.  "With this, I can form a sword that can is
deadly to all who touch it, except me."  More amazed
remarks were made.  Ryoko formed the sword, and
quickly sliced a couch in half.  The audience made up
of The Carrington Institute was too impressed to get
mad.  They started cheering, which resulted in Ryoko’s
first blush ever.
        After the noise died down, Carrington spoke, "So you
are all aliens, strange you look very human.  The
aliens that I met looked nothing like you..." The
whole room suddenly turned eerily silent.
        "You’ve met aliens sir?" shakily asked Joanna.
        "Yes I have, I guess I have a confession to make to
all of you," he said.  He cleared his throat and
continued, "Before I founded this Institute, I had
came upon a race of aliens called the Maians.  They
were good people, and decided to let me leave with the
knowledge of their race as long as I didn’t tell the
rest of the human race.  But, now that there seems to
be other aliens, I guess it’s ok for all of you to
know. Just be sure never to tell anyone else who was
not in this room," he made them promise.
        "I was wondering," inquired Tenchi, "Did you happen
to see anyone else with, um, exotic hair and eye
color?"
        "Not really.  I think we would notice."
        "Oh ok.  I wonder where they went?"
 "Well, you’re welcome to stay here until you find a
way back to your dimension, right Mr. Carrington,"
spoke Joanna.
        "And, if you don’t mind Miss Ryoko, could I like,
study your ability to phase?  It could help with a gun
I’m trying to make," asked Foster, who had been silent
throughout the whole ordeal.
        "Um, ask Washu, she’s more of a technical person than
me."  A hell no would have normally confiscated for
her answer, but she was trying to impress Tenchi by
being nice.
        "Oh, well than would, you miss?" he asked of Washu.
        "Sure, I’m always up for a science talk."
        "Well, it seems that we were the only ones who got
transported!" declared Ryoko in a very happy mood. She
teleported to Tenchi and wrapped her arms around him.
        "Ahh, Ryoko!" shouted Tenchi, who had been talking to
one of the other workers.
        "It’s just you and me Tenchi, no Ayeka, nobody to
interfere with us now," she said as her fingers began
working their magic by drawing circles on his chest.
        Now some people have it tough.  Others have bad luck.
 Well, Ryoko had something worse.  She has an author
who was forced to include Ayeka in his story.
        (Ryoko: Damn you!  Can’t you just leave her in the
hands of that guy who captured her or whatever?
Author:  Sorry, but there are some fans of her out
there, and I want my story to be THE GREATEST
CROSSOVER OVER!  Which means lots of people need to
read it.  Ryoko:  Then why do you keep interrupting
the plot with these stupid arguments!  Besides, isn’t
there already a monumental xover out there, like Blood
Red Moon?  Author: uhh, shut up!  You’re ruining my
story with these arguments!  It’s disrupting the plot!
 Now hug Tenchi real hard, because here comes Ayeka
and the rest of the gang!)  Why didn’t I delete that
in this update?
        So, taking the advice of the author, Ryoko squeezed
the breath out of Tenchi.
        "Ugg, Ryoko, can’t breathe," squeaked Tenchi.  His
face turned a strange shade of blue, and would have
became stranger, if not for...
        "Miss Ryoko, unhand poor Lord Tenchi this instant!"
screamed Ayeka.  All eyes turned to the newcomer.
Ayeka had ran ahead of her capturer, who had his gun
trained on Sasami and Mihoshi.
        "Stop right there, or I’ll shoot!" ordered Grimshaw.
The princess suddenly stopped dead in her tracks,
causing her to comically slide into one of the
institute’s blue statues.  Needless to say, Ryoko
started cracking up.
        Tenchi was trying his hardest not to laugh.  "Are you
all right Miss Ayeka?"
        "Oh, yes I’m fine Tenchi.  I hope that devil woman
didn’t hurt you," she said.
        Tenchi rolled his eyes slightly and responded. "No,
I’m fine."  He suddenly noticed a set of eyes staring
on him.  He turned to face Grimshaw, who had his gun
pointed at him.
        "Who are you?! How many intruders are there!  And no
one else seems to notice!  It must be some sort of
cloaking device! Of course I, Grimshaw, the greatest,
can see you all!" he spoke proudly.
        "Riiight. Listen we talked to your boss and he said
that we..."
        "Halt! Don’t try and talk your way out of this!  Your
coming with me!" Grimshaw said.

                                (On the other side of the room)

        "So, you’re telling me that you were just sitting at
home when Tenchi psychically called you, and now
you’re in this dimension?" asked Joanna.
        "Yep, that about sums it up," Mark said.
        "Haha, that’s just rich! So you were only with these
people for a couple of hours, and then you got
transported here?" asked the brown harried woman who
was near hysterics.
        "Yeah," sighed Mark, "I don’t know if I’ll ever get
home."
        "Oh," said Joanna who was suddenly serious. She
paused for a moment to look away at the door to the
outside.  Thinking up another question, she inquired,
"Where did you used to live?"
        "In my dimension, it was the United States, a country
in North America," responded Mark; he was still in a
downcast mood.
        "Hey, this is the United Sates in this dimension!"
        "Wow, really? Do you have like, music?"
        "Um, yeah."
"You keep mentioning this Datadyne, what is it?"
        "It’s our enemy I guess.  Mr. Carrington has sent out
quite a few agents like myself to deal with problems
concerning them," answered Joanna.
        "So, you’re an agent? Like a secret agent who shoots
people?"
        "Yeah, that’s me," said Joanna with a laugh,
"Although I’ve never been on a mission yet," she
admitted.
        "Well, you sure look like you know how to use a gun,"
complemented Mark.
        "Oh I know how to use a gun all right," spoke the
agent with a large smile.  She glanced at the firing
range before added, "Maybe later I’ll take you to our
firing range where I can show you."
        "That’d be cool.  Do ya think I might be able to give
it a try?"
        "Sure, I don’t see why not," said Joanna, "Then after
that I’ll show you our radio?"
        "Hell yes!  Then we’ll see if all those girls swoon
over Tenchi!" shouted an enthusiastic teenager.  He
casted a jealous glance at Tenchi, only to find him in
the same position he was in earlier.
        "What do you mean by..."
        "Um, I think we’ve got trouble, I don’t think that
guy was here when the introductions were made!"
interrupted Mark, "And it seems that the rest of my
group are here also!"
        "Grimshaw..." muttered Joanna, "I’ll take care of
this." she finished with a sigh.

        "You are all in deep trouble for coming in here!"
yelled Grimshaw.  He fiercely pointed his gun at
Tenchi.
        "Hey! Don’t point that gun at my man!" shouted an
enraged Ryoko.  She flew over and landed between him
and Tenchi.
        "What the hell? How?" asked Grimshaw.  He was utterly
confused.
        "Grimshaw!" shouted Joanna as she ran across the gray
tile floor, "They are guests here! You missed the long
boring detail that this author wasted half this
chapter on, which explained everything!"

So Joanna filled Grimshaw in on the long boring detail
that I wasted half this chapter on. The two workers of
the Institute moved to a more secluded spot on the
other side of the room.
"Calm down Grimshaw, before you make yourself out as
more of an idiot to the aliens!"
        "Aliens?!  What?"
        Joanna brushed back her brown hair, and started long
and hard at Grimshaw.  "Yes, aliens.  They say they
were transported here from another dimension, and I
believe them.  You should see what that woman can do."
 She pointed at Ryoko who was yelling in Ayeka’s face
while the princesses face turned several shades
redder, before words escaped her mouth, making Ryoko’s
face change the same color.  Tenchi sat on the ground
with his hands on his head.
        "They certainly are peculiar."
        "Yes, but maybe it is a custom where they come from.
That one over there though, Mark is his name, says he
is human.  Somehow he became transported to the aliens
home and then got stuck here.  Poor guy, he’s pretty
cute though."
        Grimshaw snickered.  "Yeah, too bad he’s like 7 years
younger than you."
        "What are you talking about, you don’t even know my
age!" Joanna erupted.
        The man’s smile grew larger.  "I can guess by your
appearance.  Actually the way you look would make me
think that you’re older than you actually are."
        "Haha very funny.  This coming from a guy that’s over
the hill."
        Grimshaw was actually only 36, but he let it slide,
because there was quite a difference in their ages.
He was a tall, Scottish man, and was known throughout
the Institute as being well, an asshole.  However, he
had his reasons…
        "Grimshaw!  Where have you been, I’ve been looking
all over for you!"  Mr. Carrington came running over,
after yelling from the other side of the room.  "Did
Joanna brief you?"
        "Um, yes."
        Carrington nodded.  "So you know what the situation
is.  I have promised to provide housing for these
people, could you go see if we have any other open
bedrooms?"
        "Sir, you’re not saying you believe this people.  I
mean, aliens, it’s ridiculous!"
        Daniel Carrington was silent for a while.  His face
showed knowledge that had grown over the many years of
espionage.  Running an agency where your workers’s
jobs were to murder other people was not easy.  A
necessary job in a world filled with evil, but not an
easy one.
"Listen here Grimshaw.  I know what I’m doing, and we
are housing this people for the time being.  I don’t
know where you get the idea that you can challenge my
calls.  Even if they are not aliens, wouldn’t we want
to find out how they got in here?  Now find those
rooms!"
The frustrated man wandered away murmuring.  When he
walked by Tenchi and company, he glared at the them.
This newcomers were being treated better than he ever
was.  How many years of his life had he wasted serving
this place?  A crowd of people waiting by the clear
elevator quickly moved out of his way when he
approached.  With no real friends in the institute, it
was no wonder he keep his negative personality.
Meanwhile, Mark wandered aimlessly around.  "What the
hell am I gonna do?" he thought.  Life had been, well
life had sucked for him.  Go to school and wait until
the weekend, and then when it comes hang at home and
be bored, then start the cycle over again.  But still,
he was comfortable with his life.  He had friends, a
regular routine, and a good relationship with his
parents.  And now?  He was in some other dimension or
something, with no one he knew or trusted.  Well, he
did kind of know some people.  "Well, I’m not going to
be very bored anymore."  A smile appeared on his face,
and his shoes squeaked on the tile floor as he walked
over to the people whom with he had first started this
adventure with.

Incubus
"Drive"

Sometimes I feel the fear of uncertainty stinging
clear
And I cant help but ask myself how much I'll let the
fear take the wheel and steer
It's driven me before, it seems to have a vague
Haunting mass appeal
Lately I'm beginning to find that I should be the one
behind the wheel
Whatever tomorrow brings, I'll be there
With open arms and open eyes yeah
Whatever tomorrow brings, I'll be there, I'll be there

So if I decide to waiver my chance to be one of the
hive
Will I choose water over wine and hold my own and
drive, oh oh
It's driven me before, it seems to be the way
That everyone else get around
Lately, I'm beginning to find that when I drive
myself, my light is found
Whatever tomorrow brings, I'll be there
With open arms and open eyes yeah
Whatever tomorrow brings, I'll be there, I'll be there

Would you choose water over wine
Hold the wheel and drive
Whatever tomorrow brings, I'll be there
With open arms and open eyes yeah
Whatever tomorrow brings, I'll be there, I'll be there

Hey hey hey!  I’m done with updating this chapter!
Yes!!! Man is it boring writing all those detailed
parts, but it wouldn’t be a good story without em.
High school blows, and I have almost no time for
anything, and I waste it writing these things.  My
next task is to update the third chapter. I totally
messed the third part up, I mean, if you can shoot a
gun, that doesn’t mean you become an agent.  And I
have the fourth done, but I’m gonna have to change it
so much too, so don’t expect to see anything from me
in a while. No one reads my story, so that’s not a
problem.  Sigh, I remember a year ago when I thought a
huge update at the site was 30 fics. I’m a first time
writer, because there is so many fics, it’s hard to
find the good ones. Even if this was an amazing work
of literature, most people wouldn’t even know. Oh
well, better get started on part number three…

For the few people that happened to stumble upon my,
heed my word and go and tell the people what a great
story this is! Jk, if ya wanna email me, (no one does,
I just like to humor myself by putting that) my email
address is: bcingu797@yahoo.com