Author: Hi everybody! It's me again, the annoying writer who keeps
interrupting his plot with bad jokes. Well, today we have a special. In this
chapter there will be no bad jokes or plot interruptions!

Audience: Yeah! Rejoice everyone!

Author: Aww, shut up!



Now That's a Crossover! Perfect Dark Saga #2









There was just no way. It was unbelievable to a certain eye. She
couldn't stand it. There they were, just standing there staring at the
sunset. Everything else was oblivious to them, except the sunset and each
other's company. And right during a crisis too! She had appeared and
everything was solved. And she, herself, hadn't even been introduced
to anyone. Why, she had no idea where she was, or how she got here. And,
instead of filling her in, he just stood there, with her.

Ayeka was beginning to build up quite some rage. Nothing had been explained
to her, and Tenchi was standing next to Ryoko, without flinching, or pushing
her away. What had happened during those few moments that she was absent?

"Ayeka?" spoke Sasami, interrupting her older sister's frame of
thought. "What is this place?"

"I really don't know. Lets go ask Tenchi," Ayeka responded hoping that
both of their presence's would be enough to tear him away from his
current occupation.

"O.K. I'm just kind of afraid, I mean there's all these people I
don't know here," admitted the younger princess.

"Yeah, and they keep giving me these strange looks!" proclaimed Mihoshi. The
Jurian princesses turned to look at her, startled by her sudden outburst.

"Well, let us go ask, shall we?" said Ayeka.







"The sunset sure is beautiful here, wherever this is," stated Ryoko.

"Huh, oh yeah," recovered Tenchi. He had actually been staring at her,
rather than the extravagant sunlight. In the light, Ryoko's beauty was
greatly increased, making it a sight, even Tenchi, could not pass up. The
way her cyan hair turned that strange mix of orange, and the brightness it
seemed to give to her face. Tenchi was only human, after all.

"And the way that the light hits the clouds is amazing," spoke Ryoko.

"Sure is," responded Tenchi, who's gaze had still never left Ryoko.

"Errhm," growled Ayeka. Both of the watchers turned to face the new arrival.

"Oh! Hi Ayeka," responded Tenchi sheepishly.

"Go away, can't you see we're busy?" demanded Ryoko.

"Excuse me, but we were just wondering, uh, where are we?" said Mihoshi,
stopping the oncoming fight.

"So are these the other friends that you were talking about?" inquired a
newly abound Carrington.

"Oh! Mr. Carrington sir. Yes, these are our other friends. Do you think they
could stay here too?" asked Tenchi.

"Well, I don't see why not. They are aliens too, after all, right?"

"Yeah,"

"Then of course they can stay! Let get everyone together so we can have the
introductions," said Carrington, "By the way, where were they?"

"Grimshaw had them in custody," said Joanna. Grimshaw could be seen hiding
amongst the crowd.

"Oh, I'll have to talk to him. Listen up everybody!" he yelled. The
whole room became silent. "It looks like we will be having more alien guests
at the Institute. Please listen while they introduce themselves.

"Go ahead Ayeka, introduce yourself!" ordered Ryoko.

"Be quite you tramp, I'm simply waiting for the right moment. Ah,
that's better. Hello everyone, my name is Ayeka Juria. I am a princess
of the planet Juria, the most powerful empire!" she stated proudly. The
crowd began to chatter amongst each other.

"Show off your powers, princess," taunted Ryoko.

"Humpf! I do not need to indulge myself in showing off! Unlike some people
around here!"

"Because you don't have any."

"All right you two!" yelled Tenchi, "Mihoshi, would you go next?"

"Uh, ok. Hi everybody, my name is Mihoshi. I work for the galaxy police, a
sort of intergalactic police force. I don't really have any special
powers, sorry," Mihoshi said, like she had disappointed the crowd.

"You don't? Hey cool, I'm not the only powerless one in this
group!" said Mark. He had ran over next to Joanna at the beginning of the
introductions.

"Great! I used to feel left out when everybody else would bring out their
powers, and I'd pull out my galaxy police blaster," she said.

"My name is Sasami everyone! I love to cook and clean, and I will eventually
become assimilated with a goddess," spoke Sasami. The spectators were
impressed, both at the fact of her assimilation with a goddess, and the fact
that she was so cute. "And this is Ryo-oki," she said, after taking the
cabbit off her head. "She loves carrots and can transform into a spaceship."

"Meow!" spoke Ryo-oki.

"Are those all the people you came here with," asked Carrington.

"Yeah, I think Washu is with Foster helping him with some science stuff,"
said Tenchi.

"You better fetch her, we are about to make dinner, and I'm not sure
what you people eat," the middle 60's man said.

"Oh, just about anything," responded Tenchi. He leveled a gaze at Mark
before saying, "How about you?"

"Oh, anything will be fine, since we're here in America now," he said.

"We better go get Washu and see her opinion," spoke up Joanna. "The range is
right this way, if you'd like to come Mark," she said, pointing to a
brown sliding door.

"Yeah sure," he responded, "Hey Mr. Carrington, do ya think I could give it
a shot?"

"Well, all right. But, make sure he's careful Jo,"

"I will, do you think the ace can't teach someone how to shoot?" she
remarked.

"Hey I know how to shoot a gun!" Mark protested.

"Oh really? Well then come show me," Joanna teased.

"Hey, I'll show you all right!" The two continued arguing as the made
their way towards the range.



"All right then. We certainly will have to prepare quite a meal," Carrington
said, somewhat sighing.

"Don't worry, I can help!" piped up Sasami. Carrington turned to stare
at the little girl. "Really, I can!" she continued.

"Well, we are short on cooks, so I guess we can give you a shot," he said.

"Yeah! You won't regret it!"

"They sure won't," said Ryoko.













"Amazing! So this mass, it helps gives the ability to become invisible,
right?"

"It sure does, not to mention phasing through walls, teleporting, instantly
healing wounds.."

"Incredible," stated a profounded Foster.

Washu and Foster were both in the firing range, looking at a gun that he was
trying to make. The range was pretty usual, if you could forget about the
guns behind glass on the wall. Evey type of gun that the Institution had
come across was framed on the dark brown wall. They were standing by a
computer, which was on top of a desk. The desk was placed in a little side
area, on top of a table.

The rest of the range consisted of a sliding glass door, which led to a
small walkway of sorts. There, was the actual firing range. On a ledge was
yet another computer, which Washu had been told was to pick the simulation
for the gun you were using.

"So, you guys some sort of spies?" asked Washu.

"Well, yeah," admitted Foster, "We just try to preserve the peace I guess.
Whenever there's a national crisis, we're there."

"Tell me, is that Joanna person an agent?" questioned the genius. She had
whipped out here laptop computer, and was typing down everything he said.
Foster hadn't noticed.

"Sure is, a regular ace shooter. She hasn't been on a mission yet
though." he said.

"I see, are you an agent?" continued Washu with the questions.

"Not really, I just make the guns that we use here at the Institute." he
responded.

"Those guns those men were holding earlier, were they your invention?"

"Yep, one of the best assault rifles around," Foster said proudly. Their
conversation was interrupted by the ongoing fight between Mark and Joanna.

"Hey, I may not be some secret agent, but I can sure handle a gun. I own the
highest score for the arcade game where I'm from!" fiercely spoke
Mark.

"Oh really? Well, let me tell you something, this is real life. We'll
see how high of a score you get in real life," Joanna responded, "Foster,
toss me a pistol."

Foster searched through the available guns, finding quite a selection of
pistols. "What gun?" he asked.

"Give me a..." Joanna stopped to look over at Mark, who had a confident
smirk on his face. "Give me a Magsec4." she finished.

"Are you sure?" after receiving the nod of ok, Foster tossed her the gun.

The weapon that landed squarely in the Institute's ace's hand
was a small blue gun. Aside from having a trigger and a small scope on top,
there wasn't much else to see.

"All right, hotshot. Just walk in that door, and enter the program into the
computer to start it," Joanna said.

"Fine," was the remark from Mark. (Kinda catchy, remark from mark, hehe.)

All eyes turned to watch him as he walked through the sliding glass door.
Mark bent down and entered the program onto the computer. He paused and
glanced at Joanna. Seeing her taunting smirk, he turned back his attention
to the computer.

"What was the deal with that gun?" whispered Washu to Foster.

"That gun is a MagSec4. It's pretty powerful and has good scope. The
problem is that it is extremely inaccurate," he said.

"Cheater," thought Washu.

"What's wrong? Don't know how to shoot?" taunted Joanna.

"I know how, I'm just getting ready!" yelled Mark, who had finished
working on picking the program he was going to run. He slowly positioned the
gun in his right hand and...

"Bang!" he yelled. All spectators were taken aback by this gag, while Mark
hysterically laughed.

"Come on, are you going to shoot?" said Joanna, who didn't find it the
least bit funny.

"Yeah, it's just the expression on your guy's faces!" spoke
Mark, who was still trying to catch his breath from laughing. "All right
here I go," he said, suddenly serious.

Most people think that things happen for a reason. Now some others believe
in destiny, and that's why events occur. However, it was probably a
mix of those two when the bullet from Mark's gun landed dead center
the target sitting in the middle of the range.

The crowd was silent. But, the entertainer was not.

"Ohhhhhhh! Hell yes! Look at that Miss Youcan'tshootagun!!! Oh yeah!"
Mark triumphantly yelled while running circles in the tiny area doing his
victory dance. He finally calmed after a couple of minutes, still not
hearing a word from the onlookers. That's probably because all three
of the people who had just witnessed the incredible had there mouths wide
open staring at him. Mark smoothed down his blond hair, which had become
unstable during his dance, and shot again.

Another hole appeared in the center of the target. If it was possible, the
mouths of Joanna, Foster, and Washu sagged even closer to the floor. Once
again, Mark was ecstatic.

"Twice in a row baby! How's that for proof, huh Joanna? I'm a
regular James Bond!" he yelled. He started his dance up again while the
three people outside of the firing range just stared.

Suddenly, the brown door that was the entrance/exit opened. In ran Mr.
Carrington, whose 60 year old face wore a worried expression.

"What's going on here!? I heard a lot of shouting, so I came to check
up on it," he said. Carrington looked to his workers, plus Washu, to
discover the direction of their unbelieving gazes. He followed them and came
to rest upon the still celebrating figure of Mark.

"Hey Mr. Carrington, check this out!" called Mark. For a third time he aimed
and fired, resulting in a third bullet hole in the target.

"How the hell?! That's a MagSec4, isn't it Joanna?" inquired the
newest unbelieving person. Joanna just nodded in response. "Amazing."

"I'm I good or what? Lets see how many I can get," the shooter spoke
to himself. Seven More shots landed in the center ring of the circle, before
one of his shots landed in the second ring. Each bullseye caused the gaping
mouths to drop even more.

"Foster, get him another gun," demanded Carrington.

"Ye yes sir," he shakily replied. He walked over to the stash, and pulled
out a silverish gun. "Try using this," Foster said to Mark.

"Damn, just missed getting another. Oh! Sorry, what do you need? Hey cool
looking gun! Let me try this one," said the now very hyper young man. He
grabbed the gun from Foster and typed in a something in the computer. A new
target appeared where the old one used to be.

"Hello sucker," Mark said to the target, "I'm the one who's
going to be putting holes in you today. What's that? You don't
think I can do it? I'll show you!" It was becoming a ritual of sorts
as yet more bullets hit the middle of the target. This time, however, Mark
continued to pelt the target consecutively for twenty or so shots. Each one
was perfect. "This is a more powerful gun, am I right?" he asked.

"Yeah, that's a Magnum. It has a slow fire rate, but the bullets can
take down almost anyone in two hits or less," responded Foster. He seemed to
have regained his ability to speak.

"Mark, where did you learn to shoot like that? Why the only other person who
can shoot like that is Joanna, and she's a trained agent!" asked
Carrington.

"Um, I used to play a ton of arcade shooting games. Guess they helped me
with my aim more than I thought," he said with a wink at Joanna.

"Would you like to work here? I know that you don't live around here,
but we are short on agents, and you certainly have the skill."

"Me? Become an agent?! Like a secret agent who makes daring rescues and
takes out large packs of guys with only a couple shots!" Mark inquired.

"Well, something like that, yes. Would you like the job? Your partner would
be Joanna," Carrington said. Joanna still couldn't believe what was
going on.

"Sure, I'd love to! That is, if you don't mind Jo," Mark asked.

"Uhh, sure. Th that's fine with me. Besides, two aces like us belong
together," she said with a smile. Washu gave her an evil glare after the
last comment.

"Cool! I'm a secret agent! Look out James Bond, here comes Mark!" the
new agent declared.

"Now, there are also other guns besides pistols, not to mention the
secondary modes of the guns. Why don't you go try..."

"Hey guys! I just came to tell you that dinner is ready, and will be served
shortly. I gotta go help set the table, the other cooks say I'm a
prodigy!" came in and announced Sasami, cutting of Carrington. When her
sentence was over, she quickly ran out of the room after glancing at the gun
in Mark's hand.

"I guess we will have to finish your training later. For now lets eat!"
declared the hungry man. He left and was followed by Foster.

"See ya at dinner, ace," spoke Joanna before she made her departure.

"Ok, bye," said Mark. He glanced at a jealous Washu. "So Washu, what do you
think about this, huh? Earlier today I just got here, and now I'm an
agent. Cool huh?"

"Yeah, very... cool." Suddenly Washu looked down at herself with interest.
She was still in adult form. She had never converted herself back to a
child. And the strangest thing was, she hadn't even noticed until now.
"Maybe it's time to get out of that child phase," she thought,
"Although there's no way I'm getting rid of my robots! Besides,
what chance do I have with Mark in child form."

"We better get going, I'm pretty hungry," urged Mark.

"Hmmm, all right." And with that, the firing range was finally left for the
day.













The dining room was quite luxurious. For one, there was a giant crystal
chandelier hanging off of the ceiling. The table was a good thirty feet
long, which had slender brown chairs around it. Only a couple of them were
occupied. On top of the table was a feast that was fit for a king. Guests
began to pile in the room. One of the them was Mihoshi.

"Oh my! Look at all that food! Is it all for me?!" she exclaimed. A few
people laughed, causing Mihoshi to blush. "Well, I guess you all could have
some too."

Off in the corner of the room stood the chiefs. Sasami was proudly standing
there with a new cooking uniform on. The other cooks had been completely
caught off guard when she had helped them with a recipe. Now, she was an
honorary cook.

"Holy shit! Damn, look at all that food!" yelled Mark. His response was many
disapproving looks from the residents of the Institute. His response was to
make faces at them.

"I think you should cut it out, now that you're an agent and all,"
said Washu with a giggle.

"Yeah, I guess you're right. I'll let them off the hook this
time," he joked. "I wonder where Foster and Carrington are, they left before
us."

"I'm sure that they'll get here," the genius said. She walked
over to an area of seats that seemed to be set aside for the new guests, in
which Mihoshi was sitting. "We might as well sit," she said, indicating the
seat next to her.

"Umm, sure," Mark said. "God dammit Mark, she just asked you to sit by her!
I'm turning into Tenchi! Nooooo!" he thought.

On cue, Tenchi stumbled in followed by Ryoko and Ayeka. Ayeka was staring
rather hard at the cyan haired woman. Ryoko hadn't seemed to notice.

"Hey guys over here!" called Mihoshi.

"Oh, hey girls over here," spoke Tenchi. He didn't need to command
them as they followed their master.

"Wassup guys? I got an announcement to make, but I'll wait till
everyone gets here," bragged Mark. "Why don't you sit down right here
Ryoko?" he suggested as he patted the seat next to him.

"I'm not sitting by you. Believe me it's for your own good," she
replied.

"Ouch! All right how bout you, Ayeka?"

"I'd rather not," was her reply.

"Damn, shot down twice! Jeez, I won't bite!" Mark explained, as he
smoothed out his blond hair.

"I'll sit by him," sighed Tenchi. Not thinking of the consequences, he
sat down.

"Ok, I'll just sit next to Tenchi then," smirked Ryoko. She sat down,
leaving Ayeka dumbfounded.

"What? Uhh, on second thought, I think I'll sit next to Mark," Ayeka
quickly said. She casted an evil glare at Ryoko before sitting.

"Hey, has anyone seen Sasami?" asked Tenchi.

"Over there," pointed Washu. Sasami could be seen talking excitedly to the
other chefs.

The table was almost full, and the chatter had reached a high level. It
continued on for a while until Carrington, Foster, and Joanna entered. All
heads turned to look at the most respected members of the Institution.

"Hello everyone. It seems that our cooks have prepared a extremely
extravagant meal for us tonight," announced Carrington. Everyone voiced
their agreement. "Before we eat, I have an announcement to make," he cleared
his throat before continuing, "Today, one of our new guests exerted very
supreme weapon use. I have decided to train this person and let him become
an agent. Mark, would you please stand up?" All heads turned to stare as
Mark stood up. "From here on in, you, are an agent of the Carrington
Institution. As a agent, you must promise never to fall to the enemy. You
must try at all costs to meet mission objectives and never back down. Above
all, you must never question my orders." His last comment earned a laugh
from Joanna. Carrington glared at her. She immediately stopped laughing.

"Is that it?" asked Mark.

"Yes, do you accept the terms?" questioned Carrington.

Mark could feel the amazed eyes of all the other individuals in the room. He
cleared his throat and responded, "Yes."

A cheer went up for the new agent from the Institute's members. Even
Tenchi and Ryoko were clapping.

"All right then, from here on in you are Agent, um what's your last
name?" inquired the founder of the Institute. The very serious situation was
dissolved after the last question.

"Well my last name is Smith, but that's a pretty boring name. How
about, Bond?" he said with a smile.

"All right then, from now on you are Agent Bond," said Carrington, not
knowing he was kidding. "Now enough with this talk, we have a beautiful
feast in front of us, so lets dig in!" The crowd responded in kind.

As the people started eating, one person just sat. Mark's mind was
filled with thoughts that he had never known before. In his old life, he
hadn't been much of anything, just a joker. Then he was tossed to some
strange place he had never known before, and the next day to another unknown
place. Things seemed to have happened so fast, but the young man was
adapting well. "Looks like I have a life now, and more importantly... a
purpose," Mark thought. And with that, he joined the rest of the eating
people.











Da Notes: Check it, I'm done with two chapters in one week! Sorry
about last week, but I had proficiency tests. This chapter was written to
get Mark more involved in the plot, because I realized I had created a
character without a purpose. But now, things are starting to come together,
and I've caught writing fever. I've changed my email address, so
now I can actually hear what you all think about my story. Any mail you sent
to my old address, I never received, sorry. I'm sorry if somebody
actually liked my jokes and gages, but I have great ideas for this story,
and I noticed it was interrupting the plot of the story, and people
wouldn't take it seriously. However, I promise that sometime I will
divert some of the story to a less serious frame. Hang on till next week for
the next chapter, see ya!



I will finally be able to hear what you want to tell me if you send email
to: bcingu797@yahoo.com
