  ------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                  Nuku Nuku, Ryunosuke and Kyusaku were
camping out in a forest during a family vacation. Nuku Nuku & Ryunosuke
were playing Tetris on Gameboys and Kyusaku was tinkering on several
programs on his laptop. They were having so much fun.
"Aw man...I lost again."
Ryunosuke, you got 123 lines. You beat your record again."
"Oh yeah, you're right."
"Don't worry, you get higher."
"Okay. Want to play again?"
"Yes."

Ryunosuke and Nuku Nuku continued to play Tetris on their Gameboys and
Kyusaku wiped off his brow as he finishes his work for the day. No one
noticed that Arisa and Kyouko were a few feet away, behind several trees
and listening in.
"Well, you look at that?"
"Their out camping?"
"We'll never have a better chance on destroying Nuku Nuku."
"Wait! We better tell Lady Akiko about this first?"
"Why?"
"Two reasons. One, we can tell her about this so she can give us
instructions on this. Two, we get to keep out jobs."
"That last one did for me. Okay, we'll go tell Lady Akiko. Maybe she might
have a plan. Then I'll destroy the high school android girl."

Later, Arisa and Kyouko reported what they encountered to Lady Akiko.
"My Ryunosuke is out in the forest?"
"Yes ma'am. He's on a camping trip with Kyusaku and Nuku Nuku."
"Oh my son, he must be scared to death! He might be suffering from poison
ivy, or been attacked by a wild animal."
"...so what should we do?"
"Take Poison Two with you and get Ryunosuke. Get Ryunosuke, destroy the
android girl and make that, that, Kyusaku suffer."
"Yes ma'am"

When Arisa and Kyouko left the office, Akiko went ahead and looked at the
videotape of Kyusaku leaving her and taking Ryunosuke. She did her usual
tear welling and began to burst with anger and sadness. Kyouko came back
for Akiko and caught her watching the tape again for the 99th time.
"I still say you ought stop watching that tape. You could go mental
watching it repeatedly."
"That is nobody's business but mine. Fire up Poison Two!"
"Yes ma'am."

The three went napping in their tents, except Kyusaku of course. He was
tinkering around his laptop again. Ryunosuke and Nuku Nuku were telling
each other scary stories on an open flashlight. All of a sudden, they heard
a strange sound.
"What was that?"
"I didn't hear anything."
"Oh well...huh?"
'What is it Ryunosuke?"
"I heard it again!"
"We better go check. Nuku Nuku will protect you."

The two came out of their tent and found a little animal rummaging through
the food bag, looking for a carrot.
"Oh well you look at that?"
"Don't make so much noise. You might scare it off."

Ryunosuke and Nuku Nuku got closer. Then Ryunosuke accidentally stepped on
a twig. The little animal jumped.
"...meow?"
"Shhh...don't be scared. We won't hurt you."

It realized it wasn't in any danger so it got closer to Ryunosuke and Nuku
Nuku.
"Awww... How cute."
"Yeah."
"I wonder what is it."
"Would you something to eat?"
"Meow!"

Nuku Nuku stuck her hand in the food bag and got out a carrot. The animal
sniffed it and quickly chewed on the carrot. A few seconds later, they
heard a little girl calling.
"Ryo-Ohki?? Ryo-Ohki??? Where are you???"
"Meow??"

Ryunosuke and Nuku Nuku looked up and saw a girl calling the animal. The
little animal then ran to the girl and jumped on the top of her head.
"Oh hi. Are you new here?"
"Who..Who are you?"
"I'm Sasami. I came to find my pet cabbit."
"Your pet what?"
"Cabbit. It's part cat, part rabbit. But she's completely tame."
"Well Sasami, well we're camping out here and..."
"Camping out? Why don't you come to the temple? I'm sure my friends would
love to meet you."
"That's nice. I'll go get my father."
"Ok. I'll wait for you."
"Ryunosuke, are you sure you should go get Papa-san by yourself?"
"Don't worry. I know the way to camp. I'll be safe."
"Well, ok. But don't take too long."
"Ok."

Ryunosuke quickly sprinted through the brush to the camp. Nuku Nuku was
with Sasami and Ryo-Ohki. That was until they heard someone scream.
"What was that?"
"That could be Ryunosuke!"

Nuku Nuku, Sasami and Ryo-Ohki ran through the trees until they found Arisa
and Kyouko wish rocket packs holding Ryunosuke.
"So you've come Nuku Nuku."
"It saves us the trouble of finding you."
"Let me go!"
"Don't worry. Your mother has been worried sick about you. We're going to
take you to her."
"No! No! Let me go! Nuku Nuku!!!"
"And with this Bustumetsu Capsule, we'll be rid you once and for all!"

Ryo-Ohki jumped off of Sasami's head. She was able to make Arisa and Kyouko
let go of Ryunosuke. Unfortunately, it also make Arisa drop the Bustumetsu
Capsule. Ryo-Ohki, Ryunosuke and the Bustumetsu Capsule fell down in a pile
of dead twigs and make a loud explosion. Ryo-Ohki left without a scratch
but Ryunosuke was on bended knee and in pain. Everyone was in total shock.
The smoke cleared and everyone saw Ryunosuke quickly transforming into
something unusual. He quickly took on the characteristics of Ryo-Ohki and
became a werecabbit.
"Ryunosuke!!!!!!!!"
"What is this???"
"MEOW!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Run away!!!!!"

Arisa and Kyouko jetted away in fear
but Ryunosuke (as a werecabbit) quickly caught up with them grabbed them by
the ankles, destroyed their rocket packs and threw them into the air until
Arisa and Kyouko fell in a lake full of leeches.
"Oh no! Ryunosuke! What would Papa-san say about this?"
"How could this be?"

Arisa and Kyouko came out of the lake and peeled all the leeches off their
bodies.
"This is not what I expected."
"If Akiko hears about this, she'll kill us!"
"Not if these leeches kill us first!"
"There's a leech in the middle of my back. Could you get it off?"
"Yes."
"Well, what are we going to do?"
"We can't tell Lady Akiko, that's for sure."
"Well, what can we do?"
"We can't just do nothing!"
"Well, we got to do something, otherwise we're dead."

Meanwhile at the battle scene, Nuku Nuku and Sasami were panicking and
yelling at each other until they found the werecabbit walking back to them.

"Ryunosuke?"
"MEOW!!!"
"Ryunosuke, can you hear me? It's me Nuku Nuku!"
"MEOW!!!"
"Ryunosuke, we'll help you. I promise."
"What's going to happen now?"
"Well we got to do something. Papa-san will have a..."
"...I'm all done for now. Why don't we have some...AHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!"

"Papa-san!!!"
"What in the world is this?"
"MEOW???"
"Papa-san, I don't know how to tell you this but...That is Ryunosuke."
"WHAT???"
"Papa-san, calm down!"
"CALM DOWN? HOW DID THIS HAPPEN?????"
"Well, Papa-san, it happened like this..."

Nuku Nuku and Sasami sat down and told the situation to Kyusaku. They told
him about Arisa, Kyouko and the Bustumetsu Capsule.
"...and that's how it all happened."
"I should've known."
"What?"
"I thought they'd never make that accursed capsule."
"What do you mean?"
"Nuku Nuku, Sasami, I originally designed the Bustumetsu Capsule, only
then, I called the BM-X. I was supposed to design a chemical weapon while I
was working for Mishima Heavy Industries. It was a failure. It ended up as
an explosive that releases toxic fumes. No one ever documented the effects
of toxic fumes. They only wanted what they wanted. I had to hide away the
designs of that thing so that no one could use it. The design was in my
laptop. Somehow, someone hacked my computer and probably sold the design to
M.H.I. and they brought it back. I wish I never made that Pandora's Box.
The worst thing is, I don't know if I still have the original blueprints.
They might've been erased."
"Well, we got to do something."
"I know!"
"What is it Sasami?"
"Let's go see Washu. She can help up."
"Where is this Washu?"
"She's at the temple. Follow me I know the way."

Nuku Nuku, Kyusaku and the werecabbit followed Sasami and Ryo-Ohki to the
temple where they were greeted by Ryoko and Ayeka fighting over Tenchi and
Mihoshi trying to solve a Rubic's Cube. (she was rearranging the stickers
on the cube.)
Ryoko, Ayeka, Mihoshi, Tenchi?!?!"
"Sasami. It's late at night. We've been so worried?"
"Yeah. Where did you go?"
"I want you to meet some friends."

                                Kyusaku, Nuku Nuku and the werecabbit
stepped out of the shadows. Everyone was completely surprised on seeing a
werecabbit with them.
"What in the world..."
"How did..."
"How did this..."
"What that..."
"What the heck happened?"
"You're not going to believe it if we tell you, but..."

Kyusaku and Nuku Nuku told everyone about what happened in the forest. They
told them about the Bustumetsu Capsule, Arisa & Kyouko and how Ryunosuke
turned into a werecabbit. They didn't leave anything out.
"This is rather unfortunate of you."
"It is. I'm sorry we have to bring you into our fight."
"When they turned your son into a mutant, it became out fight."
"I heard you have a scientist here. I believe her name is Washu?"
"Yes. Washu lives with us. She lives in the basement."
"Do you think she could cure our Ryunosuke?"
"I don't know, but I think she can."

Ayeka guided Nuku Nuku, Kyusaku and the werecabbit to the basement where
Washu was tinkering on an invention that eventually blew up in her face.
"Washu? There are some people to see you."
"Sure Ayeka. Thanks."
"Washu?"
"Yes, is there anything I could...WHAT THE????!!!!!!!!"
"This is my son Ryunosuke. He was attacked and a weapon of theirs turned
him into this. Is there any way you could cure him?"
"I've never seen anything like this before!"
"Does this mean you can't help?"
"I've never turned down on a scientific challenge and I'm not going to
start now."
"Thank you Washu."
"Oh and one more thing..."
"What is it?"
"Please call me 'Little Washu', okay?"
"Sure, Little Washu."
"Thank you. I'll need your son to stay here for awhile. This will take some
time. Ayeka, in the meantime, why don't you show our guests around the
place while I work here?"

Ayeka went and took Kyusaku and Nuku Nuku on a small sight-seeing trip
around their home and the nearby gardens and other places.
"Here is where the Wisteria blossoms look their best. Isn't it lovely?"

Then Nuku Nuku started to cry. Kyusaku and Ayeka quickly came to her side.
"Nuku Nuku, what the matter?"
"It's my fault! It should've been me!"
"Nuku Nuku, please don't cry."
"It's not your fault, it's Arisa & Kyouko's fault; and Akiko."
"Maybe, but I wish I should've done something, something to stop this from
happening."
"Listen. Nothing could've stopped this tragedy from happening. No one saw
this."
"Well..."
"Nuku Nuku, wipe your tears away. I'm sure Washu is doing something to help
Ryunosuke."

Meanwhile at Washu's laboratory, things are not going smoothly.
"Dammit! This is the hardest DNA code I've ever had to crack. There are so
much junk in your system! Sulfur, Hydrochloride, Nitroglycerine, and
Aspirin??? This just doesn't compute!"
"MEOW!!!!"
"Oh, hush up. I'll get you better, I'm sure. Here. Have a carrot."

As Washu gave the werecabbit a carrot, it chewed it up in a split second.
Then, its ears and it started talking normally.
"What's this?"
"Meowwwww..."
"I think I found a cure...Carrots!"

Washu ran out of her
laboratory with a carrot in her hand chanting rather loudly,
"I DID IT! I DID IT!!"
"Washu, what is it that you did?"
"I found the werecabbit's cure! You're not going to believe it!"
"What is the cure?"
"Tenchi, it's this, what I'm holding...CARROTS!!!"
"Carrots? that's weird."
"If Ryunosuke eats enough carrots, he'll be cured for sure!"
"That's wonderful. We better find the others right away tell them the
news."

Washu and Tenchi ran out of the temple to find Ayeka, Kyusaku and Nuku
Nuku, Who are still on their tour. They finally caught up with them and
told them of Washu's discovery.
"It's this! Carrots! Feed him enough and he'll be back to normal!"
"Carrots? Your crazy!"

Washu broke out her laptop and turned Ayeka into a water sprite for her
remark.
"Ribbit! Ribbit!"
"No one calls me crazy!"
"Please. Turn her back. Please forgive her."
"Hmmm... I normally wouldn't do that so fast, but Kyusaku, since your a
guest, okay I will."

Washu broke out her laptop and turned Ayeka back to normal.
"I never want to go through that again!"
"Then don't call me 'crazy'."
"Well, Kyusaku, as I said before, feed him enough carrots and he'll be back
to normal."
"Little Washu, I cannot thank you enough!"
"It was my pleasure."

Meanwhile, Arisa & Kyouko were overhearing everything from a nearby forest.
The heard just about everything.
"Carrots? How unbelievable."
"We now have a chance where we can get Ryunosuke back to normal without a
hitch."
"You mean..."
"Yes. After they cure Ryunosuke, we'll grab him and leave them in the
dust."
"Yeah. But I want to destroy the high school android girl."
"We'll leave that for later."

Washu sensed someone near. She got a small disk from her pocket and threw
in in a brush of trees. The trees suddenly swayed away that the reaction of
the disk. The trees swayed enough to reveal Arisa & Kyouko eve's dropping
on them.
"We have more visitors."
"Oh no! They've spotted us!"
"Run away!!!"

Arisa & Kyouko ran away quickly before anyone could react to their
presence. Then they broke out Poison Two. (A red version of Poison One.)
Arisa shouted out from the microphone,
"All right, give us the werecabbit, or we'll blow up your little temple
into chopsticks!"

Then Arisa fired about 4 missiles and the went in different directions.
Nuku Nuku got ready. Her "ears" popped up and she jumped up to Poison Two.
She missed and fell down and managed to get her feet on the ground. Then
she uprooted a tree and threw it at Poison Two. It went in the machine's
engine and it fell down. Arisa & Kyouko managed to escape before Poison Two
hit ground and exploded.
"You may have destroyed Poison Two, but you still have to face the wrath of
the Bustumetsu Capsule!"
"Oh No! Not another one?"

Nuku Nuku threw a twig at Arisa, which made her drop the capsule. This
time, it blew up and sent Arisa & Kyouko flying in the air until they hit
the lake and again got covered in leeches.
"Damn. I overdid it again!"
"Nuku Nuku, you didn't overdo it enough!"
"hehehehe..."

The next day everyone started feeding the werecabbit lots of carrots. The
only one who got depressed was Ryo-Ohki; she couldn't eat any carrots. She
tried to sneak one away from the pile but Ryoko scolded the greedy cabbit.
After eating about 150 carrots, the werecabbit finally became back to
normal.
"That's the last time I eat 150 carrots in one day. I'm so full, I think
I'm going to puke."

Nuku Nuku and Kyusaku hugged Ryunosuke and started to cry. Washu, Sasami
and the others were so happy for them. All except Ryo-Ohki; she had no
carrots to eat.
"I cannot thank you enough. You gave us our Ryunosuke back."
"Think nothing of it."
"I wish there was something we could do to help."
"Don't worry."

Nuku Nuku, Ryunosuke and Kyusaku waved good-bye to Sasami, Ryoko, Ayeka,
Tenchi and Mihoshi as they left. Later that day, Arisa & Kyouko reported
their failure to Akiko.
"I'm very disappointed at you two of you. First you fail your mission, then
you use an experimental weapon without authorized permission, and worst of
all...YOU TWO HURT MY RYUNOSUKE!!!!!"
"WHAT???"
"How did you know that?"
"I have ways on knowing what is happening to my little boy."
"But, but..."
"No buts. You two are going to be severely reprimanded by my grandfather."
"You're so mean!"
"What about Poison Two? You told us to attack with it!"
"That's so irrelevant."
"Aww Mannnnn...."
"I'll give you a special reprieve. Keep watching Ryunosuke for me...only
this time...DON'T HURT HIM!!!"
'Yes ma'am."