Of Electric Mice and Men

Washu typed in quickly on her computer. She had been sitting, cross-legged in 
her lab for the most of the day and had refused to go out to eat. As she 
frantically worked out equations and debugged programs, her goal became closer. 
The machine she was working on sat next to her. Massive, with wires entangling 
pieces of machinery, it looked right at home among her other creations.
	The door to the lab materialised and opened, revealing Sasami and Ryoko, 
carrying some hot food.
	"Washu!" called Ryoko, "C'mon and get some food. C'mon Washu you've been 
down here all day, wadda ya doing, hibernating?"
	Washu didn't answer. She just continued typing, her fingers flying at high 
speeds across the keyboard.
	Ryoko tried calling again, this time stepping into the lab along with 
Sasami. "Washu, if you don't come and get it, I'll eat it for you."
	Washu sighed. She put her hand up and waved Ryoko over. "Right, what have 
you got for me?" she asked, wearily from lack of sleep.
	Ryoko walked over. "Some food for you. We figured you might be hungry. 
Everyone's upstairs. Mihoshi and Kiyone are over. Ya comin' up? We're gonna do 
karoke!"
	Washu gulped some noodles down and shook her head. "Can't," she said with 
her mouth full. "Working."
	Ryoko smiled. "We'll let you go first," she teased.
	Washu thought. "Well... I am almost finished here. Listen, I'll do a deal 
with ya. I'll come up, if you clean up my hard drive on the computer. You were 
on the Internet last night and ya screwed it up."
	Ryoko blushed. "Okay. It won't take that long, will it?" she asked 
hopefully.
	"Not if ya leave now and let me be," Washu replied.
	Sasami, who had been watching the conversation go back and forth, smiled. 
"Yay! Washu can sing with us!"
	Washu smiled back at Sasami. "Right, kiddo, I'll be up in a few minutes. 
Ryoko, you stay and wait for me to finish."
	Sasami giggled and ran to the door, leaving the lab.
	A few minutes later, Washu finally finished, ate the rest of her dinner 
and made her way to the house. "It shouldn't take you long," she called back at 
Ryoko.
	'Easy for you to say' Ryoko thought into herself. She looked at the 
computer screen and began wiping out the files she had downloaded the night 
before. She looked over at the machine Washu had been working on. It was shaped 
strangely, and looked familiar. Curiosity getting the better of her, she walked 
towards the massive structure and gazed at it.
	It was about the size of a house in height and had wires running through 
its metal pieces, with a large shutter at the front. There were papers littering 
the front mainframe. Ryoko glanced at them and recognised Washu's handwriting. 
Looking over them, she saw a diagram for the machine. The 'Start' button was 
indicated on the front control panel and, Ryoko being curious as a cabbit by 
this stage, pressed it.
	There was a bleeping sound and lights flashed on the mainframe. The 
shutter opened to reveal an eye-like device that sat with wires connecting to 
it. The pupil of the eye looked about the lab and focused.
	On the screen, words flew by at light speed. After about a minute, it 
stopped and words came up on the screen. Ryoko read them.
	'Enter desired dimension, please note that the words must be placed in 
carefully,' it said.
Ryoko thought about it. "Desired dimension?" he said to herself, perplexed.
	Then, suddenly, she remembered, the structure was familiar to her because 
it was the same one that had sent them travelling through a million dimensions, 
in search of their ideal one.
	Ryoko smiled. This time, all of the others weren't around to spoil this 
delight, meaning she had it to herself. She gazed at the screen and read the 
words again. 
'Place the words in carefully,' she thought. 'I have to be careful.'
	Slowly, she typed in the space: 'Where Love at First Sight Exists Without 
Ayeka.'
	'This way,' she thought, 'Tenchi will see me and love me.'
	Ryoko smirked to herself, and pressed the 'Complete' button. There was a 
loud whirring and bleeping coming from the computer and, the eye of the machine 
was going insane, looking about the place. Suddenly, it focused on Ryoko and the 
pupil widened. A beam of light shot from the centre of the eye onto Ryoko, and 
the room lit up.

*	*	*	*	*

Washu put the tape into the machine and waited for it to run her song. Everyone 
sat, all eyes on Washu's small body as the familiar tune came from the speakers. 
Washu tapped her foot and waited for her cue.
	"Sit back and listen to the song that I'm singing," she started. "Photons, 
Protons, Sycro-" her song was brought to a halt as the lights flickered and the 
speakers stopped playing the tune.
	"Huh?" Tenchi mumbled, looking about.
	There was a rumbling, and the house shook. The lights dimmed, before 
growing brighter, blinding the occupants. Mihoshi screamed and hugged Kiyone. 
Tenchi stood up. They all looked about at this quivering house. Simultaneously, 
every bulb in the house brightened before shattering.
	Washu, who had been standing on the table, dropped the microphone and 
muttered into herself. 
	"C'mon" she shouted. "Ryoko's up to no good again."
She ran towards the door leading to the lab and opened it. Inside the lab, all 
hell was breaking loose. Machinery exploded around her as she ran to Ryoko who 
was standing in the middle of a field of light emitting from the strange 
machine. Everyone ran in and saw the two shielding themselves from flying 
debris.
	"RYOKO!!" Washu shouted. "That machine wasn't working properly. I hadn't 
finished debugging it. It uses too much power! Its overloaded the power 
generator!"
	Ryoko looked about. "What's gonna happen Washu?" she asked, a tinge of 
fear on her voice.
	"I'll try to stop the program," Washu said. She ran to the control panel 
and typed frantically.
	The others looked on. Tenchi ran to Ryoko's side as another machine 
spurted flames.
	"Ryoko!" he shouted despite the fact that their faces were inches apart. 
"What happened?"
	Ryoko looked at his face. "I dunno Tenchi, but if it all goes to plan, 
I'll be able to tell you somewhere far away from Ayeka." She smiled slightly.
	Washu turned around. "Listen," she shouted. "There's nothing I can do. 
We're gonna have to go for a little trip. Everybody gather round. In a few 
seconds, this machines gonna execute its main program, shutting down the power 
mainframe and sending all of us into whatever the hell kinda place Ryoko wanted. 
We won't be able to get back without power. Just pray that the place we're going 
to has a nuclear generator."
	The others looked on in fear. Mihoshi hugged Kiyone, who tried to get away 
from her. Ryo-Oh-Ki sat on Sasami's shoulder, as  Sasami held onto Ayeka's hand, 
as they both stared at the machine. Yosho and Nobuyuki looked on, blank 
expressions on their faces. Ryoko and Tenchi stood side by side, staring at the 
eye in the middle of the machine as it looked about frantically.
	Suddenly, the beam of light emitting from the eye grew, enveloping the 
group. They felt themselves lose all weight and float off the ground. The 
machine had disappeared, as well as the rest of the lab, in a flash of light 
and, in it's place, a wormhole appeared, sucking them in.
	As they flew around at light speed, Tenchi could feel Ryoko's hand in his. 
He made no resistance and didn't look at her. As they flew on, no one made a 
sound and the light at the end of the tunnel got closer. Bracing themselves, 
they, were shot towards the exit.

*	*	*	*	*

Ash, Brock and Misty walked along the well-trodden path. It was a warm day. With 
the sun high in the sky and the Pidgey's singing in the trees. Pikachu sat on 
Ash's shoulder, relaxed in the sun's warm glow. Togepi was in Misty's arms, 
singing softly to itself. Brock looked at the map. According to it, the town 
they were looking for was about 15 miles ahead of them. They probably wouldn't 
make it today, so he toyed with the idea of sleeping in the rough.
	Misty sighed. "Those Team Rocket were tough today."
	"Yeah," Ash replied. "They just never give up."
	Brock added into the conversation. "And did you see the way James tackled 
me like that? I've never seen him do that before. He just flipped me over and 
started fixing my shirt or something."
	Ash looked down. "They sure are weird."
	Up ahead, a light shined. It caught Brock's eye. "Hey guys, what's that?" 
he pointed.
	"What's what, Brock?" Ash asked, confused.
	"Up there," Brock pointed again. He ran up to it to show Ash what he was 
talking about.
	Somehow, a ray of bright light was coming out of thin air. It was about at 
Brock's eye level. He looked closer at it.
	"What is it?" Misty asked.
	Brock circled it. "I dunno."
	Suddenly, the circle widened and became a massive circle of light, forcing 
Brock, Ash and Misty to shield their eyes. They stared at this new circle in 
wonder and awe.
	Adjusting his eyes to the light, Brock could make out some shapes against 
the light. They got bigger and bigger as he stared. They evolved from small 
blobs to humans and were flying in the direction of Brock.
Brock yelled before shouting, "Get down."
	This was too late as the people flew straight for Brock and knocked him 
over.
	Regaining his posture, Brock stood up. "Hey," he shouted. "What do you 
think you're doing?"
	Ayeka stood up and wiped herself off. "We're very sorry, are you hurt?"
	Brock looked at the vision of beauty and his frown turned upside down. He 
blushed and stared at her. "Uh... not now, my dear."
	Ayeka blushed and put her sleeve up to her mouth. "That's good," she said 
softly.
	Ash stirred and stood up, picking up Pikachu and wiping him off. "Aww 
man," he said, wincing. "That hurt."
	He looked around. Misty was lying on the ground, holding Togepi, so he 
helped her up. All the other people around him were trying to get to their feet. 
He noticed 3 guys, 5 girls and a small animal.
	Ash helped the guys up one by one as Brock helped the girls.
	Tenchi rubbed his back. "Oh, Ryoko, where are we?"
	Ryoko shrugged and dusted herself off.
	Misty looked at their visitors. As she looked about, her eyes fell on 
Tenchi. Immediately, she became the female equivalent of Brock. She walked over 
to him.
	"Hello," she stuttered.
	Tenchi looked at her. "Oh hi, are you okay? We didn't hurt you, did we?"
	Misty blushed and shook her head. "No, I'm fine, thanks."
	Ryoko looked on at the two chatting and grew jealous. "Erm, Tenchi, I'm 
hurt."
	Tenchi turned to Ryoko. "C'mon Ryoko, we've got to think about others 
here. Besides, it's your fault we're here in the first place."
	Ryoko scowled. She was being upstaged by another woman, and she wasn't 
going to let that happen. She looked about. Yosho and Nobuyuki were rubbing 
their aching joints. Sasami seemed to be flirting with Ash, who was paying more 
attention to Ryo-Oh-Ki than Sasami. Brock was wetting himself with happiness as 
the amount of women around him. Tears ran down his cheek.
	Suddenly, an ear-piercing scream shot though the air. It was Mihoshi.
	Ryoko turned to her. "What the hell are you screaming about?"
	Mihoshi stopped crying. "Where's Kiyone? I want Kiyone!!"
	A muffled voice came from under Mihoshi. She stood up to reveal Kiyone 
with a face full of dirt.
	"Mihoshi!" she shouted.
	Mihoshi brightened up. "Oh, hi Kiyone. We were just talking about you. 
Where were you?"
	Kiyone growled. "Under you. You were sitting on me."
	"Was I?" Mihoshi asked, her tanned face twisting in thought. "Oh well, 
We're together again!" She ran to hug Kiyone, who sighed.
	"Gee," Ash said. "You've got worse luck than I have," he said to Tenchi.
	Tenchi smiled slightly. "You grow to love them."
	Misty, who had been listening, hit Ash over the head with her mallet. 
"What was that Ash Ketchum? You have worse luck? At least your bike didn't get 
stolen and wrecked by some immature little kid."
	Ash stood up and rubbed his head. "Neither did yours Misty. Yours got 
stolen by me, Pokemon Master!"
	Tenchi turned to Ash. "So, uh, your name is Ash? Hi, I'm Tenchi." He 
outstretched his hand.
	Ash took it. "Hi, nice to meet you Tenchi. This is Brock and Misty."
	Tenchi shook hands with Misty and went to do so with Brock, but he was 
still staring at the girls.
	"This is Sasami, Ryoko, Kiyone, Mihoshi, Ryo-Oh-Ki, Ayeka, my father, 
Nobuyuki and my grandfather, Yosho"
	Hands were then shaken and Brock took this opportunity to shake as many 
girls hands as possible.
	Tenchi wanted to get straight to the point. "Listen," he said. "Our 
friend, Washu created a machine capable of finding certain dimensions. Ryoko 
input something and we got thrown into your dimension. Washu is trying to fix 
the machine and return us to our original dimension. The thing is, this machine 
needs loads of energy to run. Is there anywhere around here that can supply lots 
of power?"
	Brock looked at his map. "Well," he started. "Two towns over, there's a 
power plant. That might help. The town we're going to has a motel. So we can 
stay there and go to the next town in the morning. But we might not make it. And 
if we don't, we'll have to sleep in the rough."
	"What?!?" Ayeka shrieked. "I am Jurai royalty. I shall not sleep in some 
wooded hovel. I demand a decent place to stay."
	Brock smiled. "Royalty eh? Well, I think we have just enough money for us 
all to stay in a hotel, if we get there today."
	Ash spoke up. "Brock! We can't just go around paying for people to stay in 
hotels."
	Brock took Ash to one side. "Don't ruin this for me Ash. Please."
	Ash sighed. "Okay, but they'd better pay us or something."
	Brock smiled. "I have a feeling they will," he sniggered.
	Brock turned to the group. "Right, if we start walking now, we should get 
there."
	The group nodded in unison and started walking along the road.
	Kiyone smiled. "Thank God. That way we can go home."
	Mihoshi's eyes gleamed. "Goody, cos Sailor Moon is on tomorrow."
	"I wonder if the power station will be enough for Washu," Ryoko asked 
herself.
	"Speaking of Washu," Nobuyuki said. "Where is she?"
	The others were aware of Washu's absence.
	"I'm sure she'll come in any minute now," Kiyone said.
	'You would be right in saying that,' a disembodied voice suddenly said.
	Everyone looked about. "Who said that?" Mihoshi demanded, feeling scared.
	Beside Tenchi, a figured materialised. A short girl, with long, frizzy, 
pink hair and a black  mask on her face. In her left hand, there was a small 
device with sparks coming out of it.
	The group smiled. Finally, Washu had come. They could go home.
	Brock didn't get it. "Who's that?" he asked.
	Tenchi sighed. "Now you've done it..."
	Washu whipped off her mask to reveal her face. "I," she started, smiling. 
"Am Washu-Chan, Greatest and cutest scientific mind in the Universe!"
	Out of Washu's hair, a small, miniature Washu doll, with the letter A on 
its side, popped out and stood on Washu's right shoulder. "Yes Washu," it said. 
"You're a genius, Washu."
	Another doll, identical to the first but with a B on its side landed on 
Washu's left shoulder. "Yes! Washu! Cutest Scientific mind in the universe!"
	Brock smiled. "I agree!" he said.
	Ash seemed disgusted. "Brock," he said. "She's only about 12 years old."
	Washu smiled. "I like you," she said, laughing.
	Ryoko turned to Washu. "Listen, we know of a place that has a power plant. 
Would that power the machine?"
	Washu thought for a second. "Probably." She saw Pikachu sitting on top of 
Ash's head. "What's that?"
	Ash took Pikachu off. "Oh, this is Pikachu."
	Washu looked at it. "Hmmmm. I sense molecular instability in the air."
	She reached into her pocket and pulled out a device. It made clicking 
sounds in the air as she passed it over Ash and Pikachu. The sounds sped up as 
it passed over Pikachu and Ash's Pokeballs.
	Washu took a Pokeball. "Could I take this to study it?" she asked Ash.
	Ash nodded. "Sure, just bring it back."
	Washu smiled and disappeared.
	The group, who had been walking on, waited for Ash to catch up.
	"So," Yosho, who had been silent all this time, said. "What about Washu? 
Anything that can get us home?"
	"She took one of my Pokeballs," Ash said.
	Tenchi smiled. "Yep. Washu'll look at it for a while, then formulate a 
plan to get us home. Good old reliable Washu."

*	*	*	*	*

Washu looked at the Pokemon that had sprouted from the Pokeball. A Bulbasaur. 
She wrote something down on a piece of paper.
	"Okay," she said to herself. "There seems to be an acute level of 
molecular instability in that dimension. This means that any energy created by 
the creatures and machines will be increased by about fivefold for these 
'Pokemon' and twofold by machines. It seems that organic energy is more powerful 
than mechanical energy."
	Washu smiled to herself. "And because of the molecular instability in the 
air, insufficient power cannot use power," she continued. "So, Ryoko will not be 
able to use her powers because she doesn't have her full power. But I can."
	Washu doll A popped out of Washu's hair. "Great heavens Washu. You are a 
genius."
	Washu doll B popped out after. "Incredible! Washu, you are smarter that 
anyone in the universe."
	Washu doll A nodded. "And cuter too," it added.
	"Oh so amazingly cute," Washu doll B continued.
	Washu smiled. "Thanks you guys, always there to bring me back to high 
spirits."

*	*	*	*	*

It was late at night. Everyone had gone to bed. Brock, Ash and Tenchi had shared 
a room, while Nobuyuki and Yosho had decided to have a room of their own. All 
the girls were in one suite together.
	Misty was awake. She was thinking about Tenchi. Why did she just see him 
and fall in love with him? She kind of had a thing for Ash, ever since he had 
messed up her bike. All the other girls had a thing for Tenchi too. What was 
that all about?
	Misty sat up. She could just make out the lumps in everyone's beds. There 
wasn't a sound. Slowly, making sure not to wake anyone up, Misty got up and 
snuck out the door. She walked down the hall in her night clothes- a t-shirt and 
shorts. The floor was cold under her bare feet. Reaching Tenchi's room, she 
opened it. 
She entered the porch part of his room. Ahead of her was the door to Tenchi's 
room. Walking over, she was suddenly aware of a presence. Spinning around, 
someone grabbed her by the arm and covered her mouth to stop her from screaming.
Kicking, Misty was dragged into the shadows.

*	*	*	*	*

Misty lifted the cup of tea to her mouth. Her hands were still quivering.
	"Jesus Ryoko," she said. "You scared the crap out of me. Don't ever do 
that again."
	Ryoko took another gulp of the vodka. "Hey, I didn't know how you would 
react."
	Ryoko, Mihoshi, Kiyone, Ayeka, Sasami and Misty were sitting around a 
table in the kitchen part of the hotel. Ryo-Oh-Ki slept in Sasami's lap. They 
had all decided to go see Tenchi, and Misty was the last to join them. Ryoko had 
grabbed Misty to stop her waking Tenchi up.
	"And anyway," Ryoko continued. "It's a bit useless going to see Tenchi, 
cos he's mine."
	Ayeka spat out her tea. "What are you talking about Ryoko? Tenchi is not 
yours."
	"Well, he ain't yours either," Ryoko finished the vodka.
	Ayeka let out a frustrated cry and stood up. "I am the crown princess of 
Jurai. You should treat me with respect."
	Ryoko looked at Ayeka. "Well, we aren't in Jurai are we?"
	Ayeka was about to shout again when Mihoshi intervened. "Stop!" she 
yelled, her blonde hair bouncing slightly. "Lets all calm down and have some 
more tea."
	Kiyone looked at Mihoshi. "Mihoshi," she started. "I didn't know you had 
feelings for Tenchi."
	Mihoshi poured herself some tea. "I just came here cos you did, Kiyone."
	Kiyone blushed. "Well, uh, I just came because, uh," she looked around 
frantically. "Because I saw that Ayeka and Ryoko were gone."
	Sasami spoke up for the first time in a while. "Well, I don't know about 
you, but I really like Tenchi."
	The others laughed at her bold statement.
	Sasami blushed. "He's cute. I love him." She giggled. Ryo-Oh-Ki awoke for 
a second before drifting off again.
	Misty realized that she was the stranger in the group. All the others had 
pasts together. Rivalries, lives, jobs, families. They all came from a world 
different from their own. Misty had her sisters and Ash and Brock, and other 
people they had met such as Snap and Tracey. But right now, these people only 
had each other. She respected that.
	Ryoko looked at Misty. "Misty, I know who you have a crush on," she 
teased.
	"What?" Misty said, nearly choking on her tea.
	Ryoko smiled. "You fancy Ash. I know you do."
	Misty blushed. "What? No. Why do you think that?"
	"Just. The way you act around him. The way you hit him. It's obvious. If 
you could only see yourself, then you'd know."
	Misty desperately tried to change the subject. "Ya know who fancies you?"
	Ryoko smiled slightly. "Tenchi?" she asked hopefully.
	"Nope," Misty said, letting Ryoko down. "Brock."
	All the girls giggled. "Is he always like that?" Ayeka asked.
	"Like what?" Misty asked. "All lovey-dovey? Yep. All the time. Every girl 
he sees. Except for me. He says he wouldn't take his best friends girlf-" she 
stopped just in time. "Uh, why? Do you not like him?"
	Mihoshi spoke up. "He has a nice tan."
	Kiyone. "He's too direct. Too up-front. If he relaxed, he'd get some 
ladies. I like men with a sense of mystery. He'd be perfect if only he opened 
his eyes are something," she laughed.
	"Yeah," Misty said. "That's his style. He thinks that's enough mystery 
around him. Not opening his eyes."
	Kiyone smiled. "Don't tell him I said that. I'd be embarrassed."
	With a smile, Misty nodded, drank the rest of her tea and went back to 
bed.

*	*	*	*	*

"Ryoko, hurry up. We have to walk 10 miles today. C'mon, hurry up," Tenchi 
called.
	Ryoko entered the room, her small panther-like tail whipping back and 
forth. "Tenchi," she purred. "You know you can't rush beauty or genius."
	"You can't rush you either," Ayeka joked.
	"What was that?" Ryoko demanded, glaring at Ayeka.
	Brock gazed at Ryoko. "It's amazing," he said. "You're even beautiful in 
the morning and when you're angry."
	Ryoko turned to Brock. "Erm... I think I'm a little old for you."
	Brock didn't move. "But you look so youthful. I bet you're only 17."
	Ryoko smirked. "Add about 2000 onto that and you'll be right."

*	*	*	*	*

Washu finished her equations. She looked at her calculations. If she could get 
something to produce a certain amount of power, they would be brought back to 
their original dimension.
	It should be easy. Those Pokemon could create enough on their own if they 
were powerful enough. But, to harness that power to be transferred into 
electricity...
	Suddenly, Washu stood up and ran over to a stack of devices in the corner. 
After some rummaging, she found what she was looking for: An energy converter.
	Grabbing a remote control to send power remotely to the machine. With 
this, she dematerialised into thin air.

*	*	*	*	*

The group walked along the path. Above them, Spearows flew past. In the hedges, 
some Weedles and a Caterpie played among their leafy home.
	Ryo-Oh-Ki sat on Ryoko's shoulder. "Too bad I can't fly in this world, or 
Ryo-Oh-Ki could turn into a spaceship and we'd be there in a cinch," she said, 
sighing.
	"Ah quit yer whinin'," a voice said.
	Ryoko recognised it. "Found anything out Washu?" she asked, as the tiny 
scientist appeared beside her.
	"Well," she started. "I found out that a few Pokemon could make enough 
energy to take us back."
	Ryoko sighed. "Ahh well. We still need to get to that city."
	Washu smiled. "Relax. We can get it done, after all, I'm Washu! Greatest 
scientific genius in the universe."
	Ryoko was reminded of something. "Okay," she started. "If you're the 
greatest scientific genius in the universe, explain this: I typed in on the 
computer that I wanted a world where there is love at first sight with no Ayeka. 
Why is Ayeka still here and Tenchi doesn't love me?"
	Washu thought about it. "The machine was supposed to find these 
dimensions, not create them. It found a dimension where there is love at first 
sight - with Brock who seems to love every woman he sees. And, there doesn't 
seem to be any other Ayekas besides our one, so that's that part of the 
bargain."
	Ryoko sighed. "Oh well. At least I tried."

*	*	*	*	*

Up at the front of he group, Nobuyuki was walking with Yosho. "What do you 
think'll happen?" Nobuyuki asked the wizened old man.
	Yosho was silent for a minute. "What will happen, will happen. We must 
face each puzzle and wall with equal respect and strength."
	Nobuyuki thought. "Respect a wall?" he asked, confused.
	As he walked, Nobuyuki felt a dip in the landscape. Stumbling, the ground 
fell from beneath him, revealing a hole. As he fell into it, the land became a 
slope as the ground collapsed.
	The sound of screaming filled that air as everyone fell into the colossal 
hole. Everyone looked up at the walls of the hole, rubbing their heads in pain.
	Suddenly, laughter echoed through the hole.
	"Prepare for trouble!" a female voice triumphantly said.
	"Make it double," a male voice replied.
	"To protect the world from devastation," the female said.
	"To unite all peoples within our nation," the male declared.
	"To denounce the evils of truth and love," the female voice shouted.
	"To extend our reach, to the stars above," the male voice said.
	The two voices were then given faces as two people older teens appeared at 
the top of the hole.
	The girl with the red hair, in a strange style called out, "Jessie."
	The boy with the blue hair and middle shade said, "James."
	Jessie threw her arms in the air and called out, "Team Rocket, blast off 
at the speed of light."
	James held a white rose in his left hand, "Surrender now, or prepare to 
fight."
	Out of nowhere, a cat-like creature appeared. "Meowth. Dat's Right!" it 
called out.
	Misty shouted up at them. "Hey, what are you up to now? Let us out of this 
hole."
	James smiled slightly. "Now, you know that's impossible. Not until we get 
your Pikachu."
	"But first," Meowth started. "Let us explain our little plan we've got 
here." Meowth, Jessie and James jumped back. In a few seconds, a massive 
Alakazam-shaped machine appeared. Out of the head of the Alakazam, a beam of 
light shot straight across to the other side of the hole. It created an orb 
which encased the robot and the hole.
	An evil laugh came from the robot. "Twerp with the spikey hair and no 
eyes," James addressed Brock in his usual manner. "Do you have any idea why I 
wrestled you to the ground yesterday?"
	Brock scowled. "What did you do to me?"
	James' voice rose from the robot. "I bugged you. I could hear all your 
little conversations. We know all about your friends and your secrets. And we 
heard about your little talk about molecular instability."
	Jessie's voice spoke. "So, we created this machine. The forcefield you're 
under know restricts any molecular instability taking place. You can't fight 
back with your Pokemon."
	Meowth shouted. "Enough wit' the chit-chat. Execute da plan."
	The robots chest opened up, firing out whips and robot arms. They flew for 
Pikachu, and grabbed him off Ash's head.
	"Pikachu!" Ash called, but to no avail, the Pokemon was taken and put into 
a hole on the chest of the robot. A forcefield covered Pikachu, not letting him 
escape.
	"This," James said triumphantly, "is our super plan. With your Pikachu on 
there, can charge our batteries. By using attacks, he will actually keep himself 
in there. And, once the cannons are at full capacity, they shall fire and blow 
you all to kingdom come."
	Evil laughs echoes through the hole.
	Mihoshi screamed and hugged Kiyone. Sasami started crying and hugged 
Ayeka. Misty grabbed for Ash. Brock hugged Nobuyuki, before realising that he 
was a guy and backing away.
	Tenchi turned to Washu. "Washu, you've gotta think of something."
	Washu thought for a few seconds. She smiled. "If this field restricts 
molecular instability taking place, then Ryoko can escape and stop them."
	Tenchi smiled. "Okay, try it Ryoko."
	Washu looked up. "Wait, Ryoko don't not yet. If its still molecular got 
molecular instability outside, it won't work.
	Ryoko looked at Washu. "Listen, would that beam that they're gonna fire be 
powerful enough to bring us home?"
	Washu nodded. "It should be."
	Ryoko turned to Tenchi. "You wouldn't have your  Tenchi-ken  with you 
would you?" she asked.
	Tenchi shook his head, no.
	Yosho cleared his throat and revealed the  Tenchi-ken  from his cape. "A 
good warrior is always prepared," he said wisely.
	Ryoko smiled and bowed to Yosho. "Thank you."
	Ryoko turned to the others. "Right, we have to do this..."

*	*	*	*	*

"Oooooooooh Jessie, we're finally gonna win!" James exclaimed, taking another 
sip of the champagne.
	"Yes, the boss will be very happy when we destroy these twerps," Jessie 
replied drinking from the bottle.
	Meowth sat with some catnip in the corner. "The cannons will have warmed 
up in a few seconds. Then, bye-bye to all our woes."
	Together, the trio laughed evilly.
	James looked out at them in the hole. He gasped. "Jessie," he squealed in 
a high-pitched voice.
	"What?" Jessie said, annoyed.
	James pointed out the window at Ryoko, floating with the  Tenchi-ken  in 
her hands.

*	*	*	*	*

Ryoko was shaking. She had to harness the power of the gems found in the hilt of 
the sword. She could borrow some energy and use it. There was a downside though. 
If done incorrectly, Ryoko could be killed by the outburst of power.
	The static coming from the sword was shown as her hair became slightly 
more spiky than it usually was. Small, sharp sparks of electricity shot over her 
fingers. She could feel her ring heat up with the energy coursing through her 
veins. She hadn't felt this much energy in 700 years.
	Below her, Washu was watching the energy levels to see how long until the 
cannon was fired. "About 25 seconds Ryoko," she called up.
	Ryoko took slow deep breaths. She thought of things to help her succeed. 
Tenchi, sleeping once they get home, Ayeka owning Ryoko her life.
	"10 seconds," Washu called.
	Ryoko moved the  Tenchi-ken  to her side, with the blade facing behind 
her. With her right hand outstretched, she heard words that gave her an extra 
adrenaline boost. Tenchi shouted up, "I believe in you, Ryoko."
	Washu called up. "5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Now Ryoko!"
	Ryoko charged the power into her fingers, creating a shield of energy in 
front of her. The forehead of the Alakazam robot fired out a large beam of 
energy.
	The beam hit the shield, causing a blinding flash, a loud bang and gush of 
wind that blow Sasami against the wall of the hole.
	"Now Washu!" Ryoko called.
	Washu nodded and threw a rod into the beam of energy. The energy meter 
shot up.
	"Just a few more seconds," shouted Washu.
	Ryoko held on. Sweat dripped down her cheek. She gritted her teeth. Her 
arms were beginning to ache from the pressure applied on them.
	Washu saw the meter reach its limit. "Ok. Revert it."
	Ryoko nodded, and using her last inch of power, Ryoko reversed the beam, 
firing at the head of the Alakazam.
	Jessie and James screamed at the beam of light shot towards them. "Well," 
James said. "Here we go again."
	The energy hit and they were blasted into the air.
	Simultaneously, they all said, "Looks like Team Rocket's blasting off 
again!!!"
	With the control panel destroyed, the forcefield was deactivated and 
Pikachu was set free.
	Ryoko fell to the ground with a thump. Tenchi ran over to her. "Ryoko! 
Ryoko wake up, you saved us." She didn't move. 
	Washu called. "C'mon, the wormhole will be opening now."
	Out of thin air, a dot of light appeared and widened revealing the 
wormhole. 
	Quick goodbyes were said, as Washu helped them get into the vacinity of 
the wormhole.
	Misty stepped over to Tenchi. "Listen, uh, Tenchi."
	Tenchi smiled, "Yes," he asked.
	Misty looked at the unconscious Ryoko in his arms. "Erm," she started. 
"Take good care of her."
	Tenchi seemed confused, but smiled anyway. "I will. Good bye."
	Ayeka turned to Brock. "Erm, Brock, I want to thank you. For paying for 
the hotel and helping us."
	Brock stuttered. "Eh, erm, you, you're welcome."
	Ayeka outstretched her hand. Brock took hold of it. Quickly, he pulled her 
close and kissed her on the lips. Ayeka blushed. "Thank you again. I won't 
forget this."
	Washu put everybody in position and pressed the button on the control pad. 
The wormhole sucked them in and closed with a flash.
	"Neither will I," Brock said to himself. "Neither will I."

*	*	*	*	*

Ryoko awoke with a throbbing headache.
	She slowly opened her eyes, adjusting to the bright light. Tenchi sat next 
to her bed. He smiled as she focused on him.
	"Tenchi..." Ryoko started. "So, we're alive."
	"Yep, all thanks to you."
	Ryoko smiled. She had saved her love and all her friends.
	Tenchi looked at her. "I'm proud of you Ryoko. You may not have found your 
perfect dimension, but you found something as good. A good home, good friends, 
and people that love you."
	Tenchi stood up and walked out, silently.
	Ryoko sighed. "You're wrong Tenchi. I did find my perfect dimension. Its 
right here with you."


Authors note:

This is my first shot at fan-fiction. I wrote this in the space of 8 hours, and 
I must have ingested about a tonne of caffeine and I know that I won't be 
sleeping for a while. But anyway, I decided to do a crossover since I always 
thought Brock you be better suited as Tenchi since he would have some sense to 
actually go out with the girls instead of acting like a fool in front of them. 
And because Brock kicks ass.
	I originally wanted it just to be Tenchi and the girls, but I thought that 
Tenchi wouldn't carry around the Tenchi-ken everywhere he goes so Yosho came in. 
Tenchi's dad came in for comedic effect.
	I decided to take parts from both Tenchi universes to make it work better. 
The whole Washu warping, Ryoko's gems and other things were taken from Tenchi 
Muyo! and such things like Kiyone, the karoke and the machine that Ryoko was 
familiar with were taken from Tenchi Universe. To give it that Japanese feel, I 
used 'Washu-Chan' instead of 'Little Washu' and 'Tenchi-Ken' instead of the 
'Sword Tenchi'. Sorry if that confused anyone.
	I hope you like it, and any questions, comments, compliments, complaints, 
death threats, proposals to my email address. You should find it on 
http://www.tmffa.com/ (best Tenchi fanfic site ever).

Irrelevant rambling:

Since this is my first fic, I went towards the traditional idea of Ryoko saving 
the day. However, I will try not to do this in the future. It's not that I don't 
like Ryoko. In fact, I love her. She is truly one of the funniest and best 
characters in the Tenchi universes and is extremely likeable among fan-fiction 
authors , especially lemon writers because of her raunchy and outrageous nature. 
I thought this myself, but after reading a particular fan-fic (the name escapes 
me now) about how Ayeka acted whilst Tenchi's mind was on Ryoko, and I felt 
immediately sorry for her. Ayeka, although she is in the Japanese version, a 
dominatrix, she is still more delicate than Ryoko and is also fighting for 
Tenchi's love, so she deserves at least some of the spotlight.
Therefore, I am now, in my next fic (keep your eyes peeled on Tmffa, all you 
people who actually think I can write a good story) I am going to give Ayeka a 
larger part in it. Or am I? Am I just saying this so you will read it and Sasami 
will be the heroine? Or maybe Ryo-Oh-Ki? Or Ryoko again? You'll just have to 
wait...

Disclaimer:

Right, I didn't create any of these characters. Not Ryoko, Not Tenchi, not even 
Brock (although he does kick ass). They belong to other people who make loads of 
money from them
	Tenchi, Ryoko, Yosho, Mihoshi, Ryo-Oh-Ki and the other Tenchi Muyo Squad 
are copyright of Pioneer.
	Ash, Brock (who kicks ass), misty and all the other Pokemon are copyright 
of Nintendo and Gamefreaks.

Good night, and Godspeed
