                       Old Friends & New Friend & New Beggings
                                          Part 1: "Chaos Ensues"

       The bright crisp day of an autum morning was being admierd by a group
of couples sitting together drinking green tea and taking in the majestic
beauty of the countryside. Eleven new people have come to live love and find
homes in this tiny house in the moutains.
       The silence was then broke by a young man about twenty or so. The man
smiled and started to speak " All of u are great friends to each other and
this is a wounderful family. I still cannot belive it came out like this. By
the way, Washu how long has it been since everyone arrived and came to live
here?
        A woman with silky red hair just glanced at the man and said "
Tenchi it has been about three years since everyone came and im happy now
that I have Gene with me." She then glanced at a man with a few scares on
his face with red hair also he smiled. "Why do u ask Tenchi?"
       Now a tall green skined man spokeup and replied "Because it feels
like yesterday that we all came here and became alies and friends its just
that......"
       Another tall man with the eyes of a rose interrupted and said " I
belive what Piccolo is trying to say is, that we miss our homes."

             The couples were all still sitting outside way after the
conversation was over, after awhile one by one the couples got up and
entered the house to help Sasami and Jim with the chores. Sasami smiled as
her whole <new> family continued to arrive and to assit her and her husband
Jim with the chores.
             She smiled once again and began to speak " The housework has
really became easier ever since all of you have come to live here, and i
really appreciate your help it's very kind of you."
             Everyone smiles back at her and continues about thier work.
Redic, his part done, heads to his room to rest for awhile. On the way in,
his wife Susuka, who wassmilingsweetly, greeted him warmly before sitting on
the bed. She patted the place next to her, indecating that she wanted him to
sit next to her. Redic moved towards the bed and sat down, smiling at her
but puzzling what she was so happy about.
             Susuka's expression turned bleak and she looked away. then in a
low desolate voice she said "Redic, I have something to tell you."
             "What?" He puts his arms around her and tried to look at her
face, but she refused to meet his eyes.
              "Redic, weve been together for three years as husband and
wife............i.....i.......im pregnant."
               Redic stares at her with unbeliving eyes. Then realization
cameover him and he let out an overjoyed yell that everyone could hear. He
started to ramble on about how happy they would be but then , noticing the
distraught look on her face, his happy mood dropped like a ton of bricks.
His gentle blood staind handstook hers and held them to his chest.

               He stroked her face and asked in a soft voice, "What's wrong?
I thought you would be happy now that you're going to be a mother."
              "Redic its just not that simple," she took her hands from his
and stared at the ground.
              "I dont see what's the problem," He answered happy yet
concerned.
              "Redic! Stop! Susuka cried impatiently. " Stop it! It's not
that simple, okay? It's not!
               "Susuka, why are u acting like this? You should be happy,"
Redic said confused.
               "Why are *You* happy, Redic? Why are you happy?" she asked,
her eyes looked crazed and haunting.
                Redic was becoming panicked as he listend to her He forced
himself to be calm as he asked. "Why shouldn't i be?"
                Susuka whispered something but Redic could not hear it. He
asked again why shouldn't he be happy
                She let out a desperate cry and screamed, "Because it's not
your child!" She put her face in her hands and sobbed over and over again,
It's not your child! Its not your child!"
                  The words held no meaning to him no meaning what so ever.
He stared at her and asked quietly, "What did you say, Susuka?"
                  She bowed her beautiful head even lower and murmured, "its
not your child, Redic." A small sob escaped her throat as she spoke those
ever-wounding words.
                  Redic continues to stare at her, his mind racing, trying
to inturpret the words that she had lashed unto him. Realization came over
him and he was filled with a burning anger. He felt the urge to kill her, to
wound her as she had wounded him.
                  He growled angrily and ran out the door, fighting the urge
to blast her to oblivion. He stormed out the front door, his mind racing and
his heart pounding with rage. Still infuriated, he flew up to the roof and
let out an agonized yell that only a man that has suffered the worst fate
could have made. Piccolo watched his friend as he flew up to the roof to be
alone and sighed. He had heard every word of their conversation.

      <Hey its me the writer remember  piccolo has amasing hearing so thats
how it happened.>

           Piccolo walks to a wall and punched it ans shed a single tear for
his alie and friend. Kiyone and Mihoshi saw him venting his anger on the
piece of lumber and thought he was just borad but then saw the tear and
hurried over to him.

                 "Piccolo, whats the matter?" a concerned Mihoshi asks the
only reply was a very hateful and distrought "nothings the matter".
                  "Piccolo you are not very good at lying," stated Kiyone.
As if on cue Susuka walked down the stairs her face tired and grim. Everyone
crowded around her, asking her what had happen and many other questions. She
told them to sit down and they did as they were told and all waited
impatiently to hear what she had to say. She took a deep breath and told
them. Afterwards, everyone's eyes were bulging , their jaws were hanging
open, they were completely and totally shocked. Susuka looked around at
their astonished faces and broke off into tears once agian. Piccolo heard a
faint sobbing and quietly slipped away into the yard unnoticed by anyone.
The crying was coming from the roof. He sighed and glided up to the roof
where Redic was quietly sobbing out his broken heart. He walked over to his
friend and placed a single yet reassuring hand on his shoulder. they sat
there f! or minutes, Redic crying and piccolo trying his best to comfort him
as best as he could.
            After a while Piccolo said in a quiet tone, " I know who the
father is." Redic answered him in a tormented yet calm voice, " Tell me now
Piccolo or im going to make u feel pain that no living creature should ever
go through. Piccolo taken back by this serious and very true threat said,
"it......it......" Redics hand itched to to rip out the Namakeian's throat.
Piccolo continued, " its Sol he is the father of the child.

                  At that very moment Kiyone asked, "Who is the Father
Susuka?" Susuka just shook her head and looked down refusing to answer the
questions about who the father was.
            "Susuka, please, who is the father?" ryoko knelt  at her feet
and took her hand "Who is it?"  She just shook her ead and said
"I......can't"

            Back to the roof <or what was left of it>
            Redic cried out in anguish and balled up his fists, letting lose
a wave of energy that practiclly demolished the roof and nearly leveled the
land around him. Eyes blazing with fury, he jumped down to the forest floor
and walked slowly towards the door with each step he could feel his energy
bulding and rising. He gently slid the door open and closed it the same way.
Everyone watched with a mixture of curiosity and fear as Redic walked to
where Sol and Kiyone were sitting, holding each others hands. He grabbed
Sol, not thinking of what he was doing, by the throat and chunked him
through countless walls. Sold destructive flight ended when he hit the hard
sink. Everyone stared at the gap in the wall and then at Redic, who was
breathing calmly and glaring at the crumpled form of Sol his *friend*.
            Kiyone jumped up, and staring at Redic with an expression of
fear of anger , she hurried to he husband's side un aware of why he did it
            "Are you alright?" she asked as she assisted him to his feet.
            "Jeez," hemurmured as Kiyone supported him as he spat out blood,
his whole body shaking.
            Redic started towards them but Gohan and Trunks desperately try
to hold back the enraged edic. He snarls and throws them aside as if they
were weak little children. Using his power he teleported to where Sol and
Kiyone were standing. Gently shoving Kiyone aside he grabed Sol by his
throat and lifted him off the ground. Sol grunted and let out a small
garbled cry.
            "Redic! For Tsunami's sake put him down! cried Kiyone. Redic
ignored her cries and pleas and focused his attention on his *friend*.
            He lowered him to eye level and said in a sliky, yet dangerous
tone, " Sol.....Old friend. Why have you done this to me? I was always your
best Friend and allie.Why have you done this to me? Why did u chose MY
WIFE!!!!?? WHY SUSUKA!!!?? WHY!? YOU........" With that, sol was thrown
mercilessly through the wall and into the forest, with his best friend
staring after him with hate and fury glaring from his eyes.



                              End of part one Tell me what you think email
me at pgslim2006@aol.com with hate love or ideas for part 2 im open to any
sugestions  O YA I DO NOT OWN ANY CHARECTERS EXCEPT FOR REDIC AND SOL THATS
ALL WELL TALK TO YAL LATER ADIOS
