Jusenkyo Productions is Proud to Present
A Multi Cross Over Fan Fiction
Oh Tenchi 1/2

        This story starts with two friends and a promise. The promise was
that their children would marry each other and unite the families and the
Anything Goes School of Martial Arts. And after many adventures and
misunderstandings along the way, the children did just that. Their son they
named Soun in honor of one of the two friends.

        When he grew up, he fell in love with the daughter of family friends
Hibiki Ryoga and Ukyo. Soun and Akiri were married in a most interesting
wedding. Their son was given the name of Ryoga because even in the cradle he
took after his grandfather.

        Or it could be the story of how a goddess came to Earth with her two
sisters to marry a mortal whom she had fallen in love with. Their daughter
grew up in the divine household until a wandering martial artist captured
her heart. She made a wish to her Grandfather, and Saotome Ryoga stopped his
wandering for the sake of his wife, Megami. Soon her Grandfather blessed
them with a daughter, Nadoka.

        Perhaps this is actually the story of a boy who saved the world by
winning a game of tag, and his alien wife. It was a marriage that produced
love and lightning. Of their two sons, one was just like his father and
ended up with a Galaxy Policewoman who was known for her luck. One of their
descendants ended up commanding the destroyer Soyokaze and stopping a war.
But this is not his story. The brother, Moroboshi Akira, took after his
mother and ended up getting tagged by a martial artist with divine
connections. Their daughter was named after a grandmother that never was
Saotome Ranko.

        Maybe the story starts when the Emperor of Jurai took a wife from
Earth. She bore him a son, Yosho. After an attack on Jurai, Yosho chased the
demon Ryoko to Earth, and ended up staying there 700 years. His grandson was
the crown prince, and in time, Emperor of Jurai. In the fashion of Jurai, he
took two wives. One was a goddess, and the other, the daughter of a goddess.
Of their children, Yosho and Achika married. Their son, Azusa, came to
Earth. Like his grandfather before him, his heart was given to a fiery,
strong willed warrior. Masaki Azusa gave up his name to Saotome Ranko.

        Their son, it is said, has traits from all of his famous ancestors.
He has skills and speed of Ranma, the great strength of Ryoga; the powers of
Lum, Ryoko and Tenchi, the connection to Yggdrasil of Tsunami and Belldandy.
And oh yes, the same appeal of Ranma and Tenchi. His name is Saotome Tenchi,
and this is his story.

End

        Just an idea I was tinkering with. I may get around to it, but not
for a while. If someone wants to see it sooner, they are more than welcome
to it. All the anime mentioned is not mine. Please don't sue.

JG
---
Here sir we come to famous training ground of accursed springs
--------------------------------------------------------------
|Guide of the training grounds|Ranma 1/2, Tenchi Muyo, BGC,  |
|of accursed springs, 8th     |AMG, Tank Police, Gall Force, |
|Disciple of Eriond, President|YUA, GitS, ADP, Evangelion    |
|of the AMS, and proud member |Project A-ko, UY, VPM, BGC!   |
|of the #SkAS#                |Darkside Blues, Dragon Century|
|------- http://www.geocities.com/Tokyo/6549 ----------------|
|Akane, Lina, Washu, Nene,    |Nene showed Mackie just how   |
|Skuld, Belldandy, Kiyone     |much she knew. Winter Blossoms|
---------------------------Jusenkyo---------------------------

Get your FREE Email at http://mailcity.lycos.com
Get your PERSONALIZED START PAGE at http://personal.lycos.com
