I don't own any of the characters in this and am not making any money
off of them at all.


Outlaw Cabbit
By, Clayton Overstreet.

  The large splash in the lake didn't attract much attention at first in the
Misaki home. It wasn't until they realized that Mihoshi
was still sitting on the couch that they all realized something unusual
was going on. They all ran outside and saw a strange red spacecraft in
the lake. Some people were swimming out of the lake while the others
watched. One was a skinny but well muscled man with red hair. Next
to him was a younge boy with blond hair and a blue/black haired and
very pale girl. Behind them came another taller woman with long black
hair and dressed in flowng (literaly at the moment) white robes. The
last and most vocal was a girl that looked like she was half tiger with
white hair whining and paddling poorly in the water.
  When they got to shore the boy looked up at the red haired man.
"They have to have a beacon you said. What planet doesn't have a
beacon you said. Gene one of these days you're going to get us all
killed." Gene looked down at him and laughed. The young woman
that was with him tapped his shoulder. "Gene..." Gene turned to her
and said, "What is it Melfina?" She pointed to Tenchi's group and
Gene goggled. "Wow..." His eyes seemed to be working their way
over Mihoshi, Ryoko, and Ayeaka at the same time. By this time the
other two had made it out of the water and were wringing out their
clothes.
  Tenchi stepped forward. "I take it you crashed." Gene smiled at him.
"Yeah. We-OW!" Jim kicked him in the leg and Gene continued, "I
thought for sure every planet had a landing beacon. I'm Gene Starwind
and that pile of scrap in the water is my ship, the Outlaw Star." A voice
came from the ship. "I am not scrap Gene. i received very little damage
in the fall, no thanks to you." Gene looked back and yelled, "Shut up
Gilliam." Turning back to Tenchi he smiled. Tenchi bowed and looked
behind him. "Would you and your friends like to come in and dry off?"
He smiled a thanks to Tenchi and they followed him inside.
  Once they were all seated and their wet clothes were hung up to dry
Tenchi suggested that they introduced themselves. Gene turned to the
people behind him. "Well he's my partner Jim Hawking. The girl behind
him is Melfina my navigator," The boy nodded and the pale girl blushed
prettily. "And those are Twilight Suzuka the best assasin in the known
universe and the wet ball of fur sitting behind her is Aisha Clanclan of
the Ctarl-Ctarl empire."
  Washu's eyes widdend a bit as she looked at the tiger girl. "That's
not funny Gene! Do you know how long it takes fur to dry?" Washu
grinned and looked at her. "If you like I could dry you off more
quickly." Aisha looked up at her and smiled. "Realy?" Washu held out
her hands and a holographic computer appeared infront of her.
Suddenly Aisha was a ball of fluss with her fur sticking in every
direction. Gene chuckled and Washu handed Aisha a fur brush. The
tiger girl took it with as much dignity as she could muster.
  Finaly Tenchi decided to introduce himself and his friends. "I am
Tenchi misaki, first crown prince of Jurai, and this is my father
Noboyuki, and my grandfather Yosho." The other's eyes had almost
bugged out of their skulls when he said he was the crown prince. They
kept getting bigger as he continued. "These are Ayeaka and Sasami
the crown princess of Jurai and her sister. Mihoshi here is a first class
galaxy police officer. Ryoko and Ryo-oki the former space pirates and
ofcourse Washu the greatest scientist in the universe."
  Gene looked at Ryoko and Ryo-oki in total shock. The furry little
cabbit in her arms didn't look like a space pirate. He turned to Jim.
"How much is the bounty on those two?" Jim opened his computer and
scanned them. "Ryoko was pardoned due to the statute of limitations
but in her day was worth over ten million wong and twenty seven billion
Jurai. Ryo-oki is was woth the same but she is reported to have been
pardoned.Wow Gene we should have gotten here earlier."
Ryoko looked at them and her eyes glowed red, "Are you two
bounty hunters by any chance?" They nodded. Tenchi stepped in. "Well
none of you is to harm anyone while you are in my house, is that
understood." Gene smiled and nodded. "No problem your highness.
We aren't after you. We came looking for the galactic layline." Washu
looked up and smiled. "Oh is that all. Do you need a map?" Gene
looked at her in shock. "You know where it is?" Washu nodded.
  Meanwhile Aisha had just finished grooming herself and had gotten
her first real look at the others. Her eyes traveled over them criticaly
but stopped when they reached Washu. Instantly she bowned to the
floor and started making guteral sounds in her throat. Washu smiled at
her pleasantly. "I see the Ctarl-Ctarl have not forgotten me. But you
can get up, I'm only human now." Aisha stood up still looking at Washu
with awe. Gene looked between them for a minute and said, "Does
anyone mind telling me what that was all about?" Washu looked at
Gene and grinned. "If you will all follow me to my lab I believe I can
explain."
  She lead them into the broom closet. Along the way Gene's crew
kept looking at all the strange creatures Washu kept. Suzuka actualy
jumped as a huged snake-like creature with huge fangs snapped at her
before disapearing into the darkness of it's cage. Finaly they reached
the middle of the lab. Everyone found themselves in small desks while
Washu stood infront of them in her proffesor outfit. (Those of you not
interested in a long exposition may wish to read another story. I'm
sorry but sometimes a story needs explaining). Washu pulled down the
screen and addressed the class.
  "Now, who had some questions?" Gene started to ask one when a
flowerpot landed on his head. "Please raise your hand before asking a
question." Suzuka smiled and raised her hand. Washu smiled and
looked at her. "Why did Aisha bow to you." Washu smiled and hit a
button on her computer. "Very good question." Three images appeared
on the screen. One was Washu in her adult form, one was Tsunami,
and the other was a lady none of them recognized. "When the universe
was created the gods were put incharge of making things. Me and my
sisters Tsunami and Tokimi were incharge of making one sentient race
each. Tsunami created the Juraians, Tokimi created humans, and I
created the Ctarl-Ctarl." She smirked and looked at Ryoko and
Ryo-oki. "Incase you can't tell I have a thing for cats." Ryoko snorted.
  Melfina raised her hand. "Um, if you're a goddess then what are you
doing here." Washu sighed and looked down. "I wanted to experience
life, love, and motherhood. I put most of my powers into three gems
and will not regain them unless I die or take the gems back. After that
I married a man and had a son. His family didn't like me so they took
them from me while he was away. I took on this child-like form and
later made Ryoko and Ryo-oki. I gave Ryoko my gems, but before I
could raise my daughters an evil man named Kagato took them from
me. For two thousand years he used her to destroy and pirate one
world after another." Ryoko frowned and looked down at her desk.
Tenchi reached over and rubbed her back and she smiled up at him
gratefully.
  Jim raised his hand next. "Then how did you end up here?" Washu
pushed a button and a scene opened up before them. "As you can see
here Yosho defeted Ryoko and locked her in a cave for seven hundred
years. Then Tenchi released her. Kagato tracked down her readings
as did Ayeaka who was looking for Yosho. Kagato came and took
Ryoko. Then Tenchi went after him. Tsunami, who is bonded with
Sasami there, saved him when Kagato blasted the spaceship they were
in. Then he defeted Kagato. This freed me and we all went back here."
  Aisha raised her hand last. "You mean to tell me all the times I prayed
to you were totaly useless?" Washu smiled and nodded. "Sorry. Try
praying to one of the other Ctarl-Ctarl gods." Suzuka was still looking
at Sasami who was sitting there politely quiet. Washu put her things
away and teleported them all back to the livingroom. Gene rubbed the
lump on his head.
  Yosho looked at Tenchi, "Tenchi it's time for you to pracice." Tenchi
sighed. Yosho noticed the wooden sword on Suzuka's back. "Would
you care to help out young lady?" Suzuka smiled pleasantly. "I'm not
sure that would be a good idea. When I fight I fight until I win or am
defeted. I have only been defeted once." She glanced at Gene who was
still looking at the other girls. Yosho grinned. "Then this will be good
training for Tenchi. Come on both of you." Suzuka shrugged and
followed as Yosho lead them away.
  After they were gone Melfina went over to Washu. "Um... excuse me
miss. But do you think you can help me?" Washu looked up at her and
frowned, "No... not unless you call me little Washu." Melfina smiled
and said, "Please little Washu could you help me." Washu grinned and
nodded. "Sure thing, what do you need help with?" Melfina blushed
and said, "I need you to help me figure out who I am and why I was
made."
  Washu laughed, "No problem. Just come back to my lab for afew
tests and we'll see what we can do." Melfina smiled and followed the
scientist to her lab. Jim watched them go and tapped Gene on the
shoulder. "Jim are you sure we can trust these people? I mean gods,
spacepirates, and royalty. It's all a bit much." Gene shrugged and
looked at him. "I think they're alright. I'm going to go get the Outlaw
Star out of the lake alright?" Jim nodded and sat back on the couch.
Mihoshi came over and sat with him when Gene was gone. "So you're
a bounty hunter?" Jim looked at her and said, "Yeah. Why? Think I'm
too young of something?" Mihoshi shook her head.
  "Actually I was about your age when I strated in the Galaxy Police. I
just think bounty hunters are realy cool. But that friend of yours was
gining me the creeps looking at us like that." Jim chuckled and looked
out the window. "He's not usualy that bad. He just has a thing for pretty
girls. Don't worry about it." Mihoshi smiled and nodded. "Alright. I
wont hold that against him. Anyway I figure you two must be a good
team because you're still alive." He smiled at her and said thanks. She
then turned on the television and spaced out.
  Meanwhile Sasami had gone to make lunch while Aisha was talking
with Ryoko. "So she's you're mom? You are so lucky." Ryoko
shrugged and looked away. "It's no big deal. She wasn't exactly able to
raise me ya know. Heck if it wasn't for Tenchi we'd both still be locked
up right now." Aisha smiled and nodded. "Hey Aisha, do you like that
Gene guy or something?" Aisha laughed and shook her head. "Nah,
he's cute but I'm not realy that interested in him. I'm just along to find
the Galactic layline." Ryoko raised and eyebrow. "What's that?"
  Aisha shrugged. "It's the greatest treasure in the universe supposedly."
Ryoko smiled and shrugged. Suddenly Ayeaka came up and looked at
Aisha. "Hello. So you are from the Ctarl-Ctarl empire? I'd heard of you
but I'd never met one before." Ryoko snorted and mumbled, "Lucky
them." Ayeaka's face turned red and she turned on Ryoko. "What was
that you pirate?" Ryoko stepped up and pushed her face right into
Ayeaka's. "You heard me princess. What do you think you're going to
do about it?" Ayeaka jumped back and blasted at Ryoko. Ryoko
called up her forse field to block it and fired back. Aisha just sat there
and watched stunned.

  Tenchi bowed to Suzuka and held up the master key. He had said
that since she only had the wooden sword he should use one too, but
was shut up when she sliced through a rock with it. She smiled and
Yosho began the match. Tenchi started blocking jab after jab from
Suzuka. She pushed him to the edge before he got a foot hold. He
barely got his shield up before the beam she fired at him hit. "Hey you
could have killed me!" Suzuka nodded. "Yes. This is how I train.It's
all or none." Tenchi looked at Yosho and nodded. Tenchi shrugged
and threw his sword to the side. Suzuka smiled. "Does this mean that
you give up?"
  Tenchi shook his head, :"No it just means that I'm using all my power
since you are." The light hawk wings appeared infront of him and
Suzuka gasped. "I thought only Jurai trees could do that!" Two of the
wings formed Tenchi's battle suit and the third became a sword in his
hand. Suzuka charged and Tenchi blocked her attack. Suzuka fired
another blast at him, but he formed a shield and blockled it. At the
same time she tripped him and he barely rolled out of the way before
her sword came down on his chest. Tenchi jumped up and swung his
sword at Suzuka. She blocked it with hers and jumped back holding
her sword infront of her.
  Suddenly her sword split and crumpled. Every hit it had taken from
Tenchi's sword showed as pieced fell off from it. She gapped as he
pointed his sword at her throat. "Give up?" She nodded numbly. Tenchi
sent his sword and armor away and smiled appologeticaly. "Sorry
about your sword." She shrugged and tossed it away. "I have others.
Those are some impressive techniques. I'm glad we weren't fighting for
real." Tenchi smiled and rubbed the back of his head.
  Yosho stepped forward and looked at Suzuka. "You have some very
impressive moves aswell. I get the feeling that in a real fight you may
be a match for almost anyone." She smiled pleasantly. After that they
all looked up as they heard an explosion from the house. Tenchi and
Yosho sighed. "What was that?" Suzuka asked. Tenchi smirked. "It
seems that Ayeaka and Ryoko are fighting again. I just hope they don't
destroy too much of the house this time." Suzuka looked at them in
suprise. Then followed as they lead the way back to the house.
  By the time Tenchi and Yosho got there Ryoko and Ayeaka had
stopped fighting and Ryoko was talking with Aisha again. Aisha looked
at Ryoko and said, "Impressive, but I think I could take ya." Ryoko
laughed. "That? I just make that look hard so i don't embarrass the
princess. If I used my full power she'd be fried just from the
backwash."
  Aisha grinned showing all her pointed teeth and Ryoko grinend back
showing her fangs. "I still think I could take you in a fight. After all we
Ctarl-Ctarl are immortal." Ryoko shrugged. "Well if you want to I
suppose I could go for it." Aisha looked up and saw the full moon in
the day sky. "Alright. Let's go." Tenchi came up behind them. "Hey you
two. If you want to play go to the training area." Ryoko smiled and
turned to Tenchi. "Oh Tenchi, you know I'd rather play with you any
time." She ran a hand down his chest. Tenchi's face turned red and a
drop of blood fell from his nose. He took off running for the house and
Ryoko sighed.
  Suzuka looked at Yosho. "What was that all about?" Yosho grinend
and said, "He may be able to beat supervillains, but Ryoko can turn
him into putty." Suzuka smiled and nodded. "I see. Every warrior has
weakness's." Yosho looked at her as if to ask what her's were but she
walked into the house.
  Aisha followed Ryoko to the training area. On the way they saw the
Outlaw star lifting out of the water and drying off. Once there each of
them stood on either side of the clearing. What followed was to quick
for me to see but it ended with both Aisha and Ryoko laying
unconsious on the ground.

  Melfina looked over Washu's shoulder. Washu had set up her
scanners and had instructed Melfina to get onto the table. "You don't
mind taking your clothes off do you?" Melfina shook her head. "No, I
have to when I navigate the Outlaw Star so it's no big deal." She took
off her clothes and lay down on the table. The scanners moved over
her slowly. They gthered information on every aspexct of her being.
"Very good work. They used some of my theories to give you a soul.
It seems you were designed to navigate that ship out there. You needed
a personality and human emotions so that unlike a machine you could
adapt to new situations. Considering that you are going to the galactic
lay line you'll need it."
  Melphina looked up at her. "What is the galactic lay line?" Washu
gave her a smirk and siad, "Oh I think you'll know it when you see it."
(I appologize for the cop out but the show had only been on a couple
weeks and they haven't gotten that far). "Oh, now this is very
interesting." Melfina got off the table and looked over Washu's shoulder
again. "What? What is it?" Washu smiled evily and looked at her. 'It
seems you have strong feelings for Gene." Melfina blushed and tried to
look away. "Oh don't be embarrassed. Does he like you too?" Melfina
blushed and frowned. "I have trouble sleeping when I'm not around him.
He... he tried to kiss me once. But I didn't feel right about it and pushed
him away." Washu nodded and turned back to the computer.
  "Tenchi has a similar relationship with Ryoko. Maybe you should talk
to him about it." Melfin looked up from where she had been putting her
clothes on. "Realy? But Ryoko is so pretty. Why would Tenchi not like
her?" Washu laughed. "Not like her? That's not the problem. He likes
her just a bit too much and he can't handle it because he's too polite."
Washu did slightly envy her daughter. One thing she had noticed was
that while the others could make him freak out if they tried, only Ryoko
actualy made Tenchi's nose bleed.
  When she turned around Melfina was gone. She was suprised but the
girl did have something to think about. Washu had to admit that the
technology that made Melfina was almost as advanced as what she'd
used to make Ryoko and Ryo-oki. The link with her ship though was
odd. It was a biomechanical interface that required direct contact in a
solution made of electrons. That meant she had to be in the solution for
her brainwaves to reach the ship while Ryoko could talk to Ryo-oki
without it. Washu decided to go over the information for a while, but
Sasami peeked in and called her for lunch.
  When she got there the entire group was there. Even Ryoko and
Aisha had dragged themselves back in. Melfina had offered to help
Sasami set up but Sasami had explained that she liked cooking and
cleaning. "I know what you mean Sasami. It makes me feel useful to
do things like that too." Ryo-oki looked up and meowed at Melfina
who gave her a quick pet behind the ears before sitting down.
  The newest people in the group said that Sasami's cooking was just
as good as Melfina's. Melfina and Sasami both blushed happily. They
all enjoyed the meal tremendously. After lunch Melfina went over to
Tenchi. "Can I talk with you?" Tenchi smiled and said sure. They
walked out the door while Ryoko and Ayeaka stared after jealously.
Ryoko appeaed infront of Tenchi and Melfina. "Now you don't so any
thing with Tenchi understand? He's mine." The she vanished again
before Ayeaka could get out a startled 'Is not he's mine'. Melfina
giggled and Tenchi rolled his eyes. They walked up the road to the
shrine.
  "So what did you want to talk to me Melfina?" Melfina blushed and
looked at the ground. "Well Washu said you had a problem similar to
mind and said I should talk to you about it?" Tenchi looked at her
stangely, "What do you mean." Melfina took a deep breath. "Well I
kinda like Gene... but every time he makes a move on me I feel weird
and push him off. But I still like him. I like falling asleep when he's
around and I like his company most times." Tenchi nodded. "I know
what you mean. Ryoko is always hugging me and trying to get me to
have sex with her. It realy makes me feel weird. But sometimes she can
be so nice. Like when she's watching the sky. She just seems so calm
and peaceful." Melfina smiled and they both got nastalgic looks. "I'm
not sure if I can help you with this Melfina. I have Ryoko and Ayeaka
fighting over me, plus I can't get up the courage to tell them how I realy
feel."
  Melfina nodded understanding. "Well atleast they pay attention to you.
Gene keeps trying to get dates with every pretty girl we meet. And with
Aisha and Suzuka on board what chance do I have? I'm not realy that
pretty." tenchi smiled at her and shook his head. "You are too
Melphina. you're just different from them. Plus you have alot of very
good qualities." Melfina smiled up at him. "Realy?" he nodded and kept
walking. "How did you and Gene meet?" Melfina told him about how
Gene had opened the case she had been put in and let her out. Tenchi
smiled. "Ryoko and I met similarly. She was locked in that cave up
there for sevenhundred years." Tenchi told  her about how he had
released Ryoko and what had happened at the school. After that they
walked in silence for a while.
  Back at the house Suzuka sat quietly drinking some tea Sasami had
offered her and talking with the young princess. Sasami smiled
pleasantly and looked up at her. "What is an assasin anyway Suzuka?
I've heard the word before." Suzuka put her cup on the table and took
a long look at her before answering. "I kill people for money." Sasami's
eyes got big. "You mean like pirates and bad guys?" Sazuka.nodded
and said, "Usualy. But if the money is right and I want the job I will
kill anyone." Sasami frowned and looekd into her tea. "That doesn't
sound very nice. Why hurt someone who hasn' t done anything wrong?
Don't you get enough money fromt the bad guys?" Suzuka shook her
head and sipped her tea. "No, I have... expenses. And I don't see what
makes you a judge of what is right and wrong." Sasami grinned and
said, "Oh that's easy. She does." Sasami pointed to the mirror on the
wall next to the table.
  Suzuka looked up and saw herself sitting there drinking tea, but in
Sasami's place was a woman in white robes with long blue hair and
two spots on her head. Suzuka looked between Sasami and her
reflection obviously shocked. "You... you realy are a goddess!" Sasami
giggled and shook her head. "No, not yet. We wont full merge until I
look like her. But anyway Tsunami always told me that killing innocent
people was wrong." Tsunami turned and stepped out of the mirror.
"It is especialy wrong if you are doing it simply to support your
gambling habit with the blood of innocents." Suzuka gasped then
frowned at Tsunami. "Nobody is truely innocent in this world. Tsunami
raised an eyebrow. "Is that so? Well maybe but I still think that in the
future you may want to consider what you do more carefuly." Then
tsunami vanished before Suzuka could respond. Sasami sighed. "Sorry,
she does that." Suzuka looked at the little girl closely. Then with a single
tear falling from her eye she got up and walked outside.
  Gene. Jim, and Mihoshi were buisy shining the hull of the Outlaw Star
when Suzuka came out. Gene looked up and saw Sazuka's tear. "Are
you alright Suzuka?" Suzuka just turned and walked off into the woods.
One of Gilliam's robots worked it's way over to him. "I think one of you
should go talk to her. She seems to be highly distressed." Gene and Jim
looked at eachother. "Don't look at me, all I ever manage to do is
make girls angry," Gene said. Jim sighed and walked after her.
  Jim found Suzuka sitting alone on a boulder. She had no more tears
and her face was decptively calm. "Suzuka, are you alright?" She didn't
answer. Jim walked over and set on the rock next to her. "Did
something happen? Are you hurt?" Suzuka smiled lightly and looked at
him. "Never get into a discussion of right and wrong with a god." She
told Jim what had happened with Sasami. Jim just rubbed his head.
"I'm sorry Suzuka, but I don't know what to say about this. You're my
friend and all and you're moves are realy great especially when we are
fighting the pirates. But..." Suzuka looked up at him. Sighing she shook
her head. "I know Gene. That's why her words hurt so much. I have
done a great many evil things in my life. And I never can stop because
I loose the money almost as soon as I get it."
  "What do you mean?" She smiled and leaned back a bit tapping her
new wooden sword on the rock. "I gamble alot. I just can't stop
myself. That's where I go when I disapear on the worlds we visit. I
even bet on the Outlaw Star durring the race you were in." She looked
at him closely. "You wont tell Gene that will you?" Jim smiled and
shook his head. "No, but I think I can help you. I bet you a thousand
wong that you can't stop gambling." Suzuka smiled and said, "Deal!"
Jim help out his hand and motioned for her to pay up. Suzuka smacked
her forehead and then reached into her clother to fork over the money.
  Jim put it in his pocket and smiled. "Now whenever you feel the urge
to gamble just come to me and we'll make the same bet." Suzuka
laughed. "I am not going to fall for that one again... Oh I see what you
mean. How did you learn that?" Jim leaned back and looekd up at the
sky. "Gene had a similar problem once. Ofcourse he lost twenty
thousand to me before he stopped, but I'm not complaining." They
both laughed. Suzuka looked up at the sky. "You know I think she was
right." Jim looked over at her. "About what Suzuka?" She was looking
into the woods. "I think I need to think more before I take a job. I
don't think I want to kill innocent people anymore." Jim nodded and
smiled at her. "I think that's a good attitude Suzuka."

  Ayeaka had goen inside to watch her afternoon soap opera's, while
Ryoko and Aisha still sat outside. Ryoko's eyes had beenglues on the
path to the cave since Tenchi and Melfina had gone up to the shrine.
Aisha had been trying to talk to you but Ryoko was too ditracted.
Finaly she came out and asked what was wrong. Ryoko looked at her
and sighed. "I get a little worried when Tenchi isn't around." Aisha
smiled. "Well you don't have to worry about Melfina. She like Gene."
Ryoko smirked, "And how would you know that?" Aisha pointed to
her nose. "Feramones. Can't you smell them? She let's them off around
Gene like you wouldn't believe. Just like you and Tenchi do." She
teased. Ryoko blushed and looked away. "All i ever smell on Tenchi
is fear." She told Aisha about the time she had chased Tenchi down at
the school. Melfina laughed. "Well he sure didn't smeel scared... atleast
not of you directly. He actually seems to like you quite a bit." Ryoko
snorted and shook her head. "Oh yeah, then why does he always run
away from me when I try to get near him."
  Aisha shrugged. "I don't know. Melfina does the same when Gene
tries to hit on her. Until then she seems to want to be near him all the
time, but the second he tries to pay any attention to her she get's all
edgy." Aisha twitched her tail and smiled. Ryoko frowned and twitched
her tail at the same time. "You mean she likes him until he starts trying
to like her too?" Aisha nodded. "Yeah. If Gene is just sitting there
quietly she'll go stand with him, or if he needs something she's the first
to volunteer to help out. And she realy enjoys his compliments. But
when he tries to kiss her..." Ryoko finished the statement, "...she runs."
Ryoko bit her lip thinking. There had been times when she had not
been payig attention and Tenchi had set down with her. When she had
realized he was there she had blushed and left. But now she wondered
exactly what would have happend if she had stayed put.
  Gene came around the corner. He had heard every word they had
said, but pretended he didn't. "Aisha the ships ready when you are.
And we can finaly find the galactic lay line." Aisha smiled and got up.
Ryoko shook her hand. "Come visit when you can guys." They nodded
and Gene turned around. Jim and Suzuka came out of the woods at the
same time Tenchi and Melfina came around the corner from the shrine.
"Hey guys, good timing. It's time to go." The crew of the Outlaw Star
gathered near the hatch to the ship. Once they had said their goodbyes
to everyone they turned to leave. Once they were inside Gene and
Melfina looked at eachother and said, "Can we talk later?" The other
members of the crew includign Gilliam snored and whispered, "It's
about time." Melfina and Gene blushed and quickly ran to their
positions.
  As the ship took off into space Tenchi was still smiling. "You know
that wasn't so bad. For once people came who weren't trying to kill
us." The others giggled and went inside.

The end

Autho's note.
  Well it's done. An Outlaw Star crossover. I know I didn't solve any
of the usual problem i do, Kyonei wasn't here, and the explanations
went a bit long, but all in all not a bad story wouldn't you agree?
Send any comments to clayton_n@hotmail.com

