*I don't own any of the Tenchi Muyo characters nor do I own any of the DBZ
ideas. But Aqua and her story is completely mine!*

Aqua slowly opened her soft but cruel ice blue eyes. The amount of light
being shed right in her face nearly blinded her, if she wasn't practically
blind anyway.
Where am I? she thought subconsciously, looking around both frightened and
confused. She heard a faint bleeping down, and her eyes instinctively darted

over to see a young lady with cascading pink hair and emerald green eyes
staring back at her. Washu cautiously approached the paranoid teenage
Saiya-jin so as not to frighten her.
"It's okay, dear. I won't hurt you." she reassuredin a motherly tone. Aqua's

eyes reflected her slowly growing trust in this kindwoman. The Saiya-jin
drew
in a breath.
"Where...am I...? How'd I get here...?" she asked in a soft whisper. Washu
put a dampened cloth on her fevered forehead and pulled up a chair and sat
next to her.
"Well, to be blunt..." Washu took a sip of water and then spoke in a
torrent.
"I have forever been divising an idea that there are parallel universes to
the one that I live in. And so to prove this theory, I constructed a time
travel device designed for transporting matter through time. And I somehow
reversed the affects so that instead of me being teleported to your time,
you
were teleported to ours. Soon after this happened,you dropped from a time
rip
that opened up in the sky like a falling bag of garbage, and landed in our
backyard. So I took the liberty to take you in and fix you up."
Aqua sat up, ignoring Washu's efforts to push her back down.
"You're serious aren't you?" Washu nodded."How long have I been here?" Aqua
said, putting a hand to her own forehead to wipe away a cold sweat.
"You've been out for about three days now. When you fell through the rip,
you
had apparently been in a fight or something; you were deathly injured and
needed immediate medical attention.&quot; Washu explainedas Aqua nodded at
all this.
"Yeah, I was fighting a war for the freedom of the Chrysolitians...curse
those Gradi...curse Voldar...curse the war..." Aqua snarled, clenching her
fists and gritting her teeth in anger.
'Take it easy, young lady. You're still healing although your recovery rate
is amazing and above that of any normal being. It's even faster than Ryoko's

which is a huge surprise, even by my standards." Washu said, looking over
some test results and confirming each with a nod.
"What, you think I'm human? I am not human...those pitiful earthlings...so
weak and fragile. They disgust me."
Washu looked up from her documents.
"Well, welcome to Earth, HOME of the humans. This will have to be your home
until I can fix this darned piece of shrapnel. Shortly after you arrived
here, it overloaded and was completely destroyed." Washu cursed her
crappy,
for once, invention and kicked the hunk of metal over.Aqua's heart
promptly
picked up pace.
".what.?" she stuttered out. Washu closed her eyes and nodded slowly
again.
"I'm really sorry this happened, Miss." Washu apologized.
"Don't be sorry, kind lady. I could use a vacation from that damned
war."
Aqua said. "And my name is Aquamarine Icesis Judaic. But I prefer to be
addressed as Aqua."
"Well, it's a pleasure meeting you, Aqua. I'm Washu, but I like to be
called
Little Washu!"
Aqua looked dumbfounded for a moment then smiled a bit.
"So be it, Little Washu." Aqua looked around for a little bit. "Do you
live
here all by yourself in this lab?"
Washu shook her head, going over to the IV's in Aqua's arms and
carefully
pulling them out. Aqua flinched a little, but it didn't hurt her.
"I sure don't. This lab is situated within the Masaki residence here in
Japan. Just beyond that door over there," Aqua turned her head to look,
"lays the actual house. This is just my personal laboratory."
Aqua sighed nonchalantly.
"I need some fresh air, Little Washu. Is it okay if I leave?" Aqua said,

slipping off the bed and peering around some more.
"Mmm hmm. Just take it easy, mind you. Your injuries were superficial and
although you're a lot better now, they could easily be provoked to be
serious
again."
"I understand." Aqua said, heading for the door. At least now I know
what
it's like to have a mother. Aqua thought to herself,opening the door and

stepping out.
Beyond the door was a hallway with rooms to both the left and to the right.
She was about to head left when suddenly a young male came out from a room,
stretching and yawning, and cutting her off by total accident.
"Oh! You're awake I see! Are you feeling better already?" he asked.
Aqua
blinked for a second at the boy, rather confused by his sudden kindness.
"I'm perfectly alright.Mr."
"Tenchi Masaki. But just call me Tenchi, okay?" he said, holding out a
hand.
Aqua looked at it then put her hand in his.
"Aqua, please." she pulled her hand back to her side. "Can you show me
the
way out of this place, I feel like I'm suffocating in these hallways."
Tenchi drew silent for a moment before grinning and leading her down the
hallway. All the way, Aqua looked around at all the people who were sitting
around the place, doing various activities.
There was a young girl who looked to be 8 years old in the kitchen cooking
breakfast while a little brown cat-rabbit looking thing was playing with her

pigtails. And two more four more females were watching television, all
teary-eyed by the romance they were watching. None of them bothered to pay
any mind to Aqua.
Tenchi slid the door open and Aqua nodded her thanks and stepped out. The
way
Aqua took in breath made it seem as though she had been drowning for hours
but she somehow had managed to live.
There were puffy cumulus clouds floating overhead to add some cheer to the
relatively bright day. Some blue birds chirped and flew by her in a blue
blur. The trees rustled at the slight morning's breeze. The water of a
nearby
lake rippled out at the reaction of the wind.
Aqua sighed. It had been years since she last saw a peaceful view such as
the
one she was seeing now. She wondered how long she would get to enjoy this.
The last image she had had before she woke up this morning was a
blood-covered battlefield and a heresy of raindrops falling all around her
body. She never wanted to go back to that scene ever again. It would
probably
haunt her dreams forever.
The adrenaline rush, the taste of blood and sweat, the swiftness, the blurs
of countless bodies falling to the ground with shocked expressions of death,

the shower of blood, the running, the screaming, theagony, the
terror..that
was all that flew through her mind at a million words a second. The painful
screaming..
She would never forget the blood-curdling sounds of war.
She felt a hand on her shoulder and instinctively flipped around. It was the

boy again. Aqua took a few untrustworthy steps back.
"Aqua, breakfast is ready. Come and eat with us. Tell us all about where
you're from." Tenchi said. Aqua's eyes cast downward, her face ashen.
"If you don't mind, I prefer not to speak of it."
Tenchi looked concerned.
"If you don't want to tell it, whatever the reason, then you won't be
forced
to. Come eat." Tenchi said and went back inside.
Aqua took a step to follow, looked back skyward, then followed him back
inside.
She saw everyone seated around a small table that was close to the ground.
Aqua looked at each of the residents nervously before taking a seat beside
Washu (who was eating at the table for once). Aqua trusted Washu the most so

far, since she had attended to her while she slept in unconsciousness.
"Everyone, I would like you to meet Aqua. She's from another world
altogether and she'll be staying with us until I fix that damn time-matter

transportation module." Washu introduced Aqua, and in turn, she looked
down
ather food and barely picked at it.
Two girls, one with purple hair and a sarcastic smirk on herface, and one
with a whispy blue hair and the same sarcastic smirk, dug into their food.
"I don't care." the one with blue hair said in between swallows.
".so long
as she stays away from my Tenchi."
Aqua looked up at the creature with disgust.
"But I have no interest in anyone here..." Aqua whispered.
"And for once I'm with Ryoko." the one with purple hair said.
"So much for kindness." Aqua muttered under her breath. Nobody heard
it
except for Tenchi, who looked like he was going to run off in embarrassment,

and Washu, who chuckled a bit at her unyielding sarcasm. Aqua suddenly felt
sick to her stomach and promptly stood up.
"Excuse me, folks, I don't feel so good." Aqua spat out and darted
outside
to vomit into the grass, out of their sight of course.
"I wonder what's the matter with her.she does kinda look
ill."Tenchi said.
Washu put on a serious expression.
"She was mortally wounded. And from the test results I just
took.well.they
confirm that she definitely is NOT a human. And although she looks quite
like
it, her genetic code is completely different.her strength is beyond normal

conception.maybe even beyond that of Ryoko's." Washu said, eating
some food
as if it were nothing. Everyone else, however, dropped their jaws tothe
floor.
"Oh great.just what I need.another Ryoko." Tenchi said, a
sweatdrop
forming, and a look on his face that said "Why me? What did I do to
deserve
this?".
-END OF CHAPTER ONE-

*No, Aqua does not fall head-over-heals in love with Tenchi, and viseversa,
but they do become good friends. I hope you enjoyed this one, it was my
first, and I hope you enjoy the next!*
