Note: This is all of prologue part 3: a (revised), b, and c.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------

     PETRAS (Prologue part 3a) "What Oak Never Wanted to 
Know" 
 
     Disclaimer: I Don't own the anime most of these 
characters belong to (I wish I did), and I make no profit from 
it (though that would be nice too). 
      C&C to ilumanae@yahoo.com
 The recap's at the bottom of this story

----------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------

     Spoiler note: For Extreme Evangelion fans, if you didn't 
watch the end of Evangelion, or didn't read the scripts, or 
just don't wanna know what happened, avoid this story for 
awhile. . .

----------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------

             (Back to the story)

     Watching the viewscreen, Washuu felt her lungs wail.  
"Pick up that disk!"
     Oak could've sworn he heard a slightly nasal voice in the 
distance, but shrugged as he passed through his main 
laboratory.  He already had strange visions every night during 
the past week; a red-haired woman passed through those 
dreams.  He didn't need to lose his mind to such peculiarities 
during his consciousness.  
     Still, odd feelings rushed upon him as he 
passed by his desk.  He was working 
towards a more alert slowbro, but found himself becoming less 
awake each day.  Oak was to either evolve the creature, or
to increase its intelligence.  It was one difficult task.
     "Every day I keep thinking he'll evolve, somehow," Oak 
muttered to himself, "But all he ever does is look back at me."
     Slowbro, the pokemon fused to a clam on his tail, merely 
looked back to the Professor dazedly.  Who knew what that 
Slowbro really thought behind the expressionless face.  At 
times, Oak began to feel SlowBro and other Pokemon like 
PsyDuck were just dumb Pokemon.  It was too frustrating; too 
hard to figure why they were like that.  Not once had he seen 
any expression that'd tell him they knew what was going on.  
     "That disk!" Washuu began to key into her computer a 
command that would have something hit Oak on his head. 
     A green-haired lady formed out of nowhere into Washuu's 
laboratory.  Like she had once done before, she felt no fear or 
cluelessness of Washuu.  Sensing the slight wince in Washuu, 
the green-haired lady turned to see the viewscreen.
     "A little frustrated?" Setsuna didn't wait for Washuu to 
reply. "Just watch for another minute."
     In less than a minute, Oak was slamming his clipboard to 
his neglected desk.  All that time he'd tried figuring the 
slowbro problem, with no avail. If he'd been just a little more 
irate, he might've missed the yellowdisk that caught his eyes.
     "Hello, what do have here?" Oak scrolled his mind to 
realize he never had a disk that color.

     Staring at the viewscreen in slight awe, Washuu mouthed, 
"How the. . .did she know?" 

     Oak placed the disk in his computer, letting thousands of 
files appear on the screen. Looking to the first of the batch, 
he chose to try it.

     "And this is where he finds that video file, right?" Washuu 
caught on to what would happen next.  Besides, she WAS the 
"greatest scientist in the universe".

      Oak watched as the red-haired woman of his dreams 
appeared to him in the video, speaking of "Earth" 
and then some distortion of time. Even for a brilliant scientist, 
Oak was dumbfounded. As he opened the file the video 
instructed him to try, he muttered, "Terra incognita?"

     Impassively, Setsuna turned to Washuu.  "Once he digs 
into the truth, it'll take him a while to actually believe it."
     "You really think he'd trust some disk?" But Washuu knew 
Setsuna was right.  "Well, even if he did, do you really expect 
him to carry it out?"
     "I don't. You know that." The green-haired lady's staff 
glowed with the picture of a group of teenagers sitting below 
two adults with enlarged TR's on their shirts.  "But at least 
it'll give them hope.  That's what'll matter the most."

     Oak looked at his trash bin wearily. He knew it was the 
truth, despite all the lies he kept telling himself. He and his 
companions wasting their lives over studying those "pocket 
monsters" when in truth, all the answers were in that disk 

----------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------

     "You know how it'll always be," his eyes never strayed from 
Misty's as he clasped her hand in his. "But I wanted to finally ask..."
     Misty gasped at the small jewelry box Ash was taking from his pocket.

     "Misty, will you marr..."

     Gary looked to the two sixteen-year-olds with an air of 
stoicism.  There kneeled Ash, who wasn't wearing his worn-out 
cap that time, in front of what was catching his attention.  
There was the auburn-haired maiden looking down in either 
shock or anticipation.  He had been watching them for a 
minute before he realized they saw him.
     "Yo, Ash," Gary looked unaffected.  "Grandpa wants to talk 
to you."
     "Huh, right now?" Ash looked a little anxious to return to 
his conversation.  Almost gruffly, he asked, "What about?"
     "You know, probably the usual," Gary paused and with a 
slightly softer voice continued, "He also wants to see you too, 
Misty."
     "Um, sure," Misty stopped herself from going overboard, 
"It's not about that slowbro, is it?"
     Guessing exactly what Gary had, he looked to Misty for a 
few seconds before catching himself.  It'd been around four 
years since he realized Misty and Ash were together, and 
would be together for a long time.  All those years where he 
dated several girls, maybe hundreds were the years when 
Misty would repeatedly make it clear: she was Ash's.  It was 
during those years that Gary struggled with the thought on 
how Ash knew it all along, and was merely let it rub in.
     Ash himself was preoccupied, or he was until Gary 
appeared.  "Figures!" Ash sighed in his mind, thinking of the 
times Ash was sent to some trip.  All those 
years after they stopped competing with each other through 
their Pokemon, they were just competing.  Ash had his final
chance to beat Gary, well, to the altar.
     Yet, he had ruined the moment.  Ash was only a minute or 
so away from his agenda, when Gary carried an "important" 
message.  Figures.
     "If it is, Oak already sent me to check out Rochelle Town 
last week," Ash stood from his past kneeling position, "The 
only slowbro I saw there was deceased."
     Not that he overlooked the matter.  Ash grieved every lost 
Slowbro, or at least he tried to.  So many slowbros were 
falling to a mysterious virus.  Apparently, the Slowbro virus 
worked quicker than it had sounded.  Every slowbro nearby it 
would lose the will to eat, to live, and would eventually turn too 
decrepit to survive. All the slowbros Ash had his diggletts 
bury appeared so sad, even through the masks of their 
impassive faces. It was too much for Ash, too much for 
everyone.


     "Lesse, a gourmet dinner, ginger ale, candles, a picnic 
blanket," Brock was checking his bag of supplies until he 
completely dropped them.  "Oh, no, where's Jenny?"
     Brock could've sworn he was walking through the forest 
with Officer Jenny just a few minutes ago.  Scrambling 
through his thoughts, he could only wonder why Jenny would 
disappear, especially after they heard the yell of some 
mysterious figure.  
     Slapping himself on forehead, he could only stutter, 
"D..D..Darn."  The Jenny from Pallet Town was just like all the 
other officers.  She was probably investigating the situation, 
as was the instinct for all the Officer Jennies.
     Walking back to where he and Jenny heard the 
"mysterious" voice, he eyed Jenny.  There she was, tapping 
her feet, as if she was waiting for him all along.
     "Where were you?" her eyes were slit in anger.
     "Jenny, dear, I. . ." Brock couldn't help but feel frustrated.  
Suddenly reflecting her expression, Brock replied, "Looking 
for you."
     It didn't take Brock very long to relent.  As with any 
Jenny, Brock couldn't stand being mad at one for very long, if 
ever.  Changing his tone to a more apologetic appeal, his voice 
became almost inaudible.  "Sorry."
     Jenny's dour expression was lifted.  "That's okay, Brock.  
I should've told you where I was off too, anyway."  During 
that reply, Brock felt like falling over.  "It was just a wild 
Growlithe."
     Picking up the pace of the conversation, Brock felt more 
light-hearted.  The argument he usually went through with 
Jenny would end quickly.  "That's a relief.  So, then," Brock's 
voice became less confident.  
     He'd been planning to ask the question the whole past 
week.  At every date, even with the romantic settings, he'd 
either forget or be too intimidated.  He waited all his life to 
marry a Jenny or Nurse Joy.  Why couldn't he try then?
     The setting wasn't very romantic, yet it seemed perfect to 
Brock.  The swamp-like forest around them seemed to be 
swarmed with insects and bugs, yet there wasn't a person in 
site.  The hum of the butterfrees inhabiting the swamp 
seemed to tell him "Will you marry me?"
     "What?" Jenny obviously heard Brock's outburst.  
     "Um. . .well, Jenny," Brock was first startled, but felt his 
voice slowly crescendo.  "Will you do the honor of being my 
wife?'
     He said it perfectly, or at least didn't stutter the question 
to her.  
     It didn't take long to hear a reply, as Brock's ears were 
flooded with the joyful shout "Yes!"

     There wasn't much to talk about that didn't lead to more 
silence.  If there was anything to save the faltering 
conversation, it had to come right then and there.
     It was then that two gleeful teenagers distracted the 
faltered conversation.  One of them was a brown-haired male 
with a green-linen vest.  The other was a slightly shorter 
female whose blue hair seemed to stand out even in the 
darkness.  Both seemed to be in a daze as they approached 
Ash, Misty, and Gary.
     "Hey Ash!" Brock held Jenny's right hand up, "Guess 
what?"
     The ring on Jenny's finger caught Misty's attention the 
quickest.  "You're getting married?!"
     One quick nod from the officer brought on a fury of 
excitement.
     All through the hysterics and delight, Gary remained 
silent.  Was he the only one remembering why they were 
supposed to meet with Oak?  As if he was waiting through 
eternity, he halted the conversation on the future wedding 
with "Grandpa wants to see us."
     The boy across him immediately responded.  If Gary looked 
closer to what the teenager was placing in his pocket, he 
might've forgotten about "Grandpa".  Walking towards the 
building behind them, Ash walked off.  The hand that was once 
in his pocket was then occupied in sifting through his dark 
hair.
     In complete innocence to the proceedings, Misty walked 
after him, thus leaving the rest of the group behind.  "Ash," 
Misty was gasping as he paused for her, "What'd you run off 
for?"
     "I walked," Ash responded, only to meet a mallet.  
Strangely, he kept the same stance, even with Misty's acute 
irritation.  
     "You could've waited."  Receiving no answer, Misty sighed,
"Gary always interrupts our conversations, do you ever realize?"
Umm, by the way, what were you going to ask?"
     No matter what age, Ash was a toddler in handling relation-
ships.  Confused by Brock's new engagement and angered by the
bad timing, he sighed.
     "Um, Misty..." Ash sighed, then pleaded, "if you can, will
you wait till' next week for the question?"
     What was it, a weekly soap' or somethin'?  But knowing
Ash, Misty grumbled, "Yes."


----------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------


     "Where were you?" Oak fumed at the group before him.  
     "Uh, O. . .Professor Oak," Ash noted the aged man.  Only a 
few weeks ago, the man was passionately recalling all the 
heights of the Pokemon in the world.  Professor Oak was so 
full of scientific fervor and youth in his old age.  What 
changed?
     "I won't tolerate lateness like this any more.  From now on, 
I expect more discipline, especially with this new. . . 
assignment."
     "Project?" Jenny wasn't sure if she was supposed to be 
part of the research staff.
     "Yes.  I'll need all the help I can get for this," Oak paused 
as he held up a yellow disk before continuing, "This disk."
     Gary chose to take his turn in explaining by being handed 
the disk.  "Apparently, Grandpa discovered the disk while 
researching the Slowbro Project."  He inserted the disk into a 
computer as he typed a few commands.  "Call this a preview."
     As a red-haired woman came onto the computer screen, 
Professor Oak sighed, "You're not gonna like this."

     Onscreen was a red-haired lady.  Obviously not shy of the 
camera, she cleared her throat a moment before beginning to 
speak.  
          "As you can see, I, Washuu, the greatest scientist in 
the," she seemed to turn in the direction of an offscreen 
woman's voice.  "Get on with it."
          Before continuing, Washuu sighed, and then turned 
back to the camera.  "I, the world's greatest scientist in the 
universe have discovered why you're here."
     "Is this some kind of joke?" Ash looked to Oak for some 
kind of laugh, but saw the ireful and sleepless man wasn't in 
the mood for humor.
          "When looking back into your history, it spanned over 
another planet."
     It took a full ten minutes before the red-haired woman 
showed them the planet she meant.  Beforehand, she was only 
noting the history of Pokemon, and how they were AT FIRST
genetically altered creations by the colonists who inhabited their land.  
Who'd believe her account of "animals", the convenient use of
transporting them with Pokeballs?  (Hence the name Pokemon), their
unique adaptations to their new world and eventual "evolutions"?
While the idea was harebrained at the first second, it was almost...
     After slightly accepting the theory, the viewers of the vid,
besides Oak, wondered of the green and blue planet "Washuu" was
presenting.  Technologically advanced from some screenshots,
the "Earth" seemed to amaze, and mostly worry them.
    When Oak mumbled something about an "invasion" during
the viewing, Ash phased out a second.  His dreams of marriage,
possibly a family, somehow...dwindled.
    "Professor Oak, did you just say something?"
    Oak sighed ruefully, "Wait and you'll see."
    "Ahem!" the screen's narrator, Washuu seemed to say.
    Somehow, the viewers didn't seem to hear it, but were
somehow brought back to attention on the screen.
    "...and apparently, the inhabitants of Earth were forced
to evacuate into two main colonial groups.  From, most likely, 
your new *friends*, the Alayans."
    A screen with pictures of industrial, city-sized spacecraft
appeared and dissipated to show the scientist again.  The room
answered the scientist's presentation with tense twitches
and gasps of reaction.
     "...I suggest you gather all your possible forces and immediately
follow these plans from the disk. I promise to send further 
information once gathered.,"  Washuu gritted worriedly on the screen.
"You have roughly a year, or less, before their arrival from space.
Use that time well..." and the vid went blank.
     What affected Officer Jenny the most was 
The so-called "forces" of their world were almost nil, even with 
the local police stations in each town.  Jenny usually relied on 
her Growlithes for backup instead of other towering warships.
     The only type of large army Jenny heard of 
being developed was consisting mainly of Pokemon.  The factor 
of having another dominating world was too overwhelming.  Still,
Washuu hinted the luck of having highly developed "animals", which
on their world rightfully known as "Pokemon".  There had to be a
chance.

     "I can't help but feel sorry for them." Washuu sighed at 
her viewscreen.
     Washuu could've sworn she saw Rei nod before she began to speak,
in her monotone way.  "Professor Washuu, the job left to you now is in
observing them carefully, like a guardian...angel."
     Washuu raised a brow, but preceeded in viewing their world, along
with a few others her viewscreen was able to.
     
     

----------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------

     Those who didn't first laugh off the news broadcast in 
Rochelle Town were divided.  Some Pokemon owners still preferred
having their Pokemon outside the Pokeballs, but others worried.
In the case of emergency, they'd be needed.  Even with the turmoil
over the news, there 
were an even more select few who were dealing with the 
broadcast.  It was only six months or so after the reports 
were confirmed, by notable entities like Professor Oak or 
Professor Bill. . .
     "Five months, dear," James sighed, "You promise to stay 
the same afterwards?"
      Stay the same.  The wife standing beside him sighed as 
they looked over the town center.  Nothing stayed the same 
when they began their chain of restaurants, shopping centers, 
and any other franchise that involved money.  When they 
started the legal life, they became incredibly wealthy.  Their 
lives had changed.
     Jesse fingered a lock of James' turquoise hair.  "Only if 
you do."  
     From the roof of their building, they could've looked upon 
the town forever, but time intervened.  Entering the rooftop 
apartment, a bushed Meowth struggled to bring in a 
cardboard box.  With a hoarse, worn voice, he called from an 
empty room, "Jesse, James!"
     Both the tall, auburn-haired female and the blue-haired 
billionaires turned in the direction of the voice.  They knew a 
long time ago the ambition and spirit in the quickly aging feline 
Meowth made him as valuable as the past "precious" pokemon 
they met before.  As they turned to the living room, both 
Jesse and James reminisced of the past Team Rocket lives.  
     "To protect the world from devastation," Jesse smiled.
     "To unite all peoples within our nation," James continued.
     "Team Rocket blasting off at the speed of light," 
     "Surrender now or prepare to figh. . ." James' line was 
shortly cut off.
     "Jesse!  James!" Meowth's worn voice beckoned once again 
for them to go.
     "Just a second, Meowth!" Jesse yelled.  She never 
appreciated their old motto being interrupted.
     Heaving the box to one of the couches nearby, Meowth 
merely sighed.  Every time he entered the couple's apartment, 
it'd take them a few minutes for them to even respond.  They 
were married how long?  
     As their mumbles decreased in sound, there was an 
increase in nearness as Meowth heard them approaching.  
Taking a half-filled, blue 3-inch binder from the box, he 
opened it instantaneously to some random page.  
     "I was expecting you two," he looked down to the page, 
which had some random scribbles and doodles on it.  
Immediately switching the page in embarrassment, he 
directed his attention to another page, filled with numbers 
and some dozen calculations.  "Ah, yes.  The 'ETRAS report'.  
I trust you two read over the booklets I gave you."
     Their blank expressions told him no.  "Just where were you 
two last night?!"
     "Going over the Celadon City Mall accounts!" Jesse blurted.
     At the exact time, James replied, "At the Saffron City 
Convention!"
     Afterward, they immediately said each other's replies, 
bringing them into a deeper hole than before.  
     "At the movies," they both sighed afterwards.
     Normally, Meowth would've readied his claws in annoyance, 
but merely stood in front of them.  At first statuesque, 
Meowth's expression slowly dissolved into a smile.
     "How'd I get stuck with you two?" he walked back towards 
the cardboard box, reaching in it for two portfolios.    Red and 
blue, he handed them to Jesse and James.
     "Pretty much, they're the budget reports for this whole 
Sector 9."
     "Refresh me again on 'Sector 9'?" James sighed as he 
opened the portfolio.  His jaw dropping at the site of some 
disturbing numbers on the report, he turned to the cat.  "Are 
you nuts?!  This'll cost us millions!"
     "Correction, hundreds of millions!" Jesse mirrored James's 
expression.
     "What're you trying to do to us?"  It didn't matter which 
of the two said it.
     Meowth used his claws that time.  "Don't you remember?  
This is because of the whole ETRAS ordeal!"
     They looked to each other for a clue, both recalling all 
they'd forgotten during the night watching the new Spielbug 
movie.  Something about close encounters with the relatively 
same kind. . .
     "Ah, yeah, the 'gotta-save-our-planet' budget."
     "Exactly."  Meowth quieted a moment, continuing, "The 
base that's got our fair city's planning officials quirked."


     Directly 1700 meters below them was a station housing at 
least thousands of former "pokemon trainers".  Only six 
months ago, they'd given up training for Pokemon leagues
and turned to training for something greater.  Their planet.
     Only, what separated them from the hundreds of 
thousands of other trainers who'd done the same was where 
they were there.  Underground.
     "It's been, what, four months here?" Richie poured some 
soda into his mug.  "Want some?"
     Ash waved one hand as he read one of many documents 
strewn on his desktop.  "Nah.  Misty noted how that company 
polluted the Orange Sea.
     Looking towards the label of "Purple Soda", Richie merely 
sighed.  From getting to know Misty, he realized she wasn't 
his type.  Her love of water, and all the special creatures in it, 
would obviously eliminate most food choices.  Every time Ash 
told him of some of the substances that quirked Misty, which 
once happened daily, he sighed.  
     As he put down the bottle of "Purple Soda", Richie sighed 
again, but in relief that he wasn't in that kind of relationship.  
     "You miss her," Richie commented, as he was already over 
the loss of the soda.
     Ash stared at the document titled "ETRAS".  He just 
couldn't concentrate on all the figures, the notations, that 
report that was updated daily.  Of course he missed her.
     Putting the packet of papers down, the teenager replied, 
"That obvious?"
     "I could read you like a book.  An easily read one, that is."  
Richie glanced a moment towards the purple soda.  "Why don't 
you just call her?"
     "There's supposed to be a limited contact with the outside, 
remember?  One call every month or so."
     "So, you can fudge the rules a little, Commander."  Richie 
cunningly remarked, only to frown at his statement.  When a 
law applied to the soldiers under his command, it counted 
doubly for himself.  "Well, it's been, what, four months since 
you've contacted her? Besides, by now, she probably thinks 
you're dead or something."
     "There was a time when she actually thought so," Ash 
recalled Lavender Town from his statement and smiled in 
thought.  "It shook her up then, but now, I think.. ."
     "She'd be plenty worried now."  Richie might've seemed 
slightly irritated.  "Just like she's worried now."
     Seeming to ignore the comment, Ash picked up the 
document again, looking it over a minute before returning his 
gaze to Richie.  "It seems that Oak's slowbro's still survived."
     "That's the daily report?" Richie knew there was more to 
the headline.
     "That and apparently, he's found more to the ETRAS disk."
     The ETRAS disk.  Richie saw it only once; realizing it was 
named after the label on it.  Even if he didn't see the 
contents within it himself, he'd heard plenty from rumors and 
mostly Ash that it was what stirred their whole operation.  
Whether it was still classified was another lingering thought 
that crept into his mind.
     Richie listened as Ash continued; "There were these 
coordinates in one of the data files."  Ash held the report up.
     "Just coordinates?" Richie didn't need to ask "Nothing 
more?"
     "Probably a sign I'd better give him a call," Ash said 
exactly what he was motioning to do.  Pressing a speed-dial 
button, he was immediately connected with the scientist.
     Ash knew from months before that he wouldn't see the 
Oak of the past.  None of that scientific enthusiasm that 
lighted those near him, Oak was aging.  With no sign of the 
youthful expression in the senior, Ash expected a forlorn 
scientist.
     He called one.  Oak, who was right next to the videophone, 
instead let it ring awhile before giving into it.  He was no 
longer delved into work that he'd forget the phone by 
accident; he just chose to let it ring.
     Come the sixth ring, Oak gave up and went in front of the 
phone camera, answering it in a hoarse manner.  "Hello?" his 
voice creaked.  He answered the caller's first question with 
"Yeah, it's been faxed to pretty much every sector."
     "I see," Ash's voiced, letting the silence on the other end 
direct him to continue.  "So pretty much, you forgot to tell 
Sector 9 what it was."  
     "Not to you." Oak couldn't help sounding rough as he said 
it.  Continuing after a very short pause, he sighed.  "No, not to 
anyone.  If anyone thought it was important, I would've been 
called."
     Ash knew how Oak preferred sharing his information in 
person.  "It must be, professor.  Why else was the headline so 
vague?"
     Whatever.  Oak could've said something like it, but he was 
somehow flattered.  Oak originally intended the headline to be 
"eye-catching" that day, but only Ash had requested an 
answer to it.  "Yes," Oak's voice suddenly uplifted.  "In truth, 
the coordinates were well-placed.  They're not there!"
     While Oak held the same posture and expression like the 
minute before, the gaze of his eyes had changed.  He seemed 
to glow of interest towards the subject.  "What do you 
mean?" Ash asked inevitably, growing in more curiosity.
     "As if the space around it disappeared, Ash.  I had both G 
and M check out the coordinates and points around it.  
Nothing, though there was enough evidence to believe there 
was . . ."
     "Something," Ash ended the sentence.  "So you mean we 
were meant to find that place?"
     "Possibly.  But don't you mean us scientists here?"
     Ash nodded.  There was more to discuss with their 
conversation, but they both had duties.  Ash had to act as the 
Commander of Sector 9, and Oak had his own obligations, to 
the Pokemon and the new "coordinate problem".  
     Gary and Misty themselves were delved into their work.  
What were they planning to become? Astronomers?
     Their conversation ended only minutes afterward.  Ash was 
more focused on the daily drill exercises, over the scientific 
data he'd probably never understand.  
     Oak walked over to G and M.  Like usual, Gary stood over 
the telescope machinery with one eye on the lens, and the 
other on M.  Misty would record the data read to her, and 
would usually repeat the dictation, for every observation to 
remain relevant.  They worked unusually well together.  
     Once she recognized the approaching figure, Misty 
exclaimed, "Professor!"
      Her smile seemed to light up the room.  Either she was 
finally contacted by Ash or she and Gary discovered 
something.  It was the latter.
     "Professor Oak," Gary took the chance to greet him 
formally.  "Apparently Washuu's coordinates were off."

     Somewhere in the cosmos was a red-haired scientist 
screaming at her viewscreen, "What?"

     "Please.  Explain." Oak was once again felt somewhat 
morose.  Sitting down at the desk closest to the pair of 
astronomers, he seemed to motion "I'm all ears".
     Gary immediately typed numerous codes into a nearby 
computer.  The first of three images appearing was of mere 
space.  Shortly after was the viewing of a blurry light.  Typing 
more commands, Gary allowed the computer screen to project 
the same light, only surrounded by a slightly illuminated space.
     "As you can see, Professor Oak," Misty's voice echoed the 
tone of Gary's, "That is a black hole."
     "And. . ." Professor Oak couldn't help but respond roughly.
     "And the pictures were taken in less than a second's 
difference of each other." Gary responded.
     "What's your point?"
     "The spot where we observed this was half a light-year 
away."
     "Then don't focus on the black hole."  Oak also could've 
mentioned it was easy as that, but declined.  
     "There's nothing within the area of the coordinates," Gary 
sighed, but then took a breath.  It was very quick, since Oak 
was about to mention how he already knew".  Immediately 
continuing his words, Gary noted, "Nor any abnormalities 
around the entire area."
     "The data we've found on the disk, has it ever failed us 
before?" 

     Out in another universe was a red-haired scientist glued to 
her viewscreen.  "Exactly," she exclaimed, "I'm the greatest 
scientist in the universe!". With an "A" and "B" puppet-size 
version of her on each shoulder, she pretty much chanted the 
statement.

     "Then there's nothing more to study, Professor," Gary let 
Misty hand him a clipboard as he walked off out of the room.  
The data on the black hole they were just studying, it would 
probably have become another lost amount of information.  He 
walked off with it.
     Breaking her solemnity, Misty got up from her chair, 
looking straight into the despaired Professor's eyes.
    "Please don't take it personally, Professor."
    Oak merely sighed as he turned away for a moment.  
    "Don't worry, I haven't."
    She couldn't accept it.  "He's just tired.  We're all tired," 
Misty's cheeriness faded slightly to reveal a worn expression.  
Still, throughout her fatigue was the look of sincerity when 
she said, " But he does love you."
     Oak didn't need to reply.  It'd honestly been awhile since 
someone pointed out how Gary actually cared for his Grandpa.  
Finally reassured, his face lightened.  
     "We've got work to do," Oak's mouth moved to form a smile.


----------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------

     PETRAS (Prologue part 3b) "What Oak Never Wanted to 
Know"
 
     Disclaimer: I Don't own the anime most of these 
characters belong to (I wish I did), and I make no profit 
from it (though that would be nice too). 
      C&C to ilumanae@yahoo.com 
 The recap's at the bottom of this story

----------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------

     Spoiler note: For Extreme Evangelion fans, if you 
didn't watch the end of Evangelion, or didn't read the 
scripts, or just don't wanna know what happened, avoid 
this story for awhile. . .

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------


     "Ugh, how many meters left?" James staggered across 
the elevator room.  
     "I'd say at least 1100, James," Meowth looked as the 
altitude was lowering to almost a kilometer below ground.  
     "Wow, you don't look too good." Jesse looked down to 
the blue-haired male.  
     "Of course I don't!" James eyed an underground river 
outside the elevator.
     The uniformed man across the room was checking the 
elevator controls.  "-200 meters and decreasing" he 
bellowed across the room, which consisted of only him, 
Meowth, and the married billionaire couple.
     "You've been calling out the number every 10 meters!" 
James shouted in an ireful state.
     "Huh?" Sergeant looked around the room, which was 
actually quite small; detecting it was the gentlemen in 
front of him who said it.  "Oh, sorry, uh sir, uh Mr. 
Rochelle."  He immediately hollered from rechecking the 
controls, "-210 meters and decreas. . ."
     Three angry elevator passengers halted the officer.  
It took 200 more meters before the room settled.  
     "So tell me, what should we call you anyways?" Jesse 
asked.
     "Corporal General," the officer smiled.
     "You're a general?" James was already intrigued, or 
at least shocked.
     "Corporal General" shook his blonde head.  "No, 
General's my last name."
     "What's your first?" Meowth replied.
     "Sergeant."
     If the room were larger, the three other elevator 
riders would've fallen over.  Eying the Corporal, they 
realized it was no joke.
     "So, you're the Corporal of this elevator," James 
sighed.
     "Exactly," Sergeant General smiled as he eyed the 
elevator controls.  "-500 meters and decreasing!" he 
hollered.
     "This cost us millions," Jesse exasperated.  

     "Nice to meet you, Mr. And Ms. Rochelle," Ash shook 
both their hands.  
     "Uh huh!" both the Rochelles nodded to the teenager 
in slight wonder.
     Years ago, they were after his pokemon, mainly his 
pikachu, and there they were.  They were the same side, 
with different titles from their past; one former pokemon 
master and two former Team Rocket members.  Their meeting 
was discomforting.
     "Commander Ketchum, is it?" Jesse feigned a pleasant 
greeting.

     The screening on Washuu's viewscreen was paused a 
moment as the viewer turned to look at the shadow behind 
her.  "You know, you could just go and talk to Sasami."
     Rei's red eyes dimmed as she replied, "Not time."
     Some things were what even Washuu couldn't 
understand, especially Rei.  The girl with the short, blue 
hair merely stared back to the viewscreen.  It'd been 
minutes since Rei noted her purpose, though not 
specifically.
     "I can skip later or so, right?" Washuu's question 
went unanswered for what seemed minutes in time.  "Okay, 
then.

----------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------

     "Promise me you will," Oak firmly addressed the 
teenager.  "If you are truly an Oak, take it."
     Gary was flickering in emotions.  He knew that taking 
the detonation trigger would mean accepting a fatal 
promise, for the building and especially Professor Oak, 
but what could he do?  Oak was right when he noted the 
importance of each piece of information in the lab. 
     "In any event, if they get their hands on any article 
in this disk," Oak held up the yellow diskette as he 
sighed, "Then we'll automatically lose."
     It'd been a month since they discontinued the black 
hole observations; a month since they discovered the black 
hole was only a small part of the coordinates given in the 
diskette.  They'd already read one-fourth of the many 
files within the disk.
     "But all the pokemon," Gary sifted for an excuse to 
refuse.
     "All the pokemon here are residents in this building 
by their own will.  They already know the dangers of being 
studied here, but they've consented.  You think they'd 
rather have the invaders use them for information?"
     Gary held his palm out, accepting the small device, 
which held more power in taking out a city.  A mere 
trigger, it would only take a certain push of the code to 
activate a building explosion.
     "In any case, if there's any signs of Sector 8 
failing in defense, it's your trigger."
     The mysterious Sectors.  There were rumors that even 
spread to Pallet Town of underground armies of defense.  
Gary knew Ash was part of one of them, feeling all the 
more worried as Oak said the previous statement.
     He wasn't sure if his sleeves were catching tears 
from his eyes.  It'd been a long time since Gary had tried 
venting his worry.  "I promise."

     The alarms around all Sectors were blaring.  
Somewhere in Sector 9 were two Commanders preparing 
themselves for flight.  
     "This is it," Ash grimly spoke to Commander Richie.
     Richie nodded in the same expression, but then 
changed his tone into a more cheery fashion.  "So, when 
are you gonna propose already?"
     Ash placed a hand in his pocket, with the other hand 
in his hair, "Ah, I've left it off too long.  It's *weird*
though, I just can't now.  Not until it's safe, you know?"
He paused and shook off a super-deformed, image of green 
aliens and their troops storming through Oak's laboratory.
     Richie seemed to sense the fear.  "Relax, Ash,
you still have to worry of Misty's mallet for holding
off the proposal THIS long."

     Ash's look upon Richie seemed to ask, "She knew?"
Getting a rough nod from his fellow Commander, he grinned,
"How bout' after we take out these 'aliens'?"
     They smiled, as they ran to their stations, but 
during the running, there were plenty others surrounding 
them.  Merely running towards his plane, Ash failed to 
notice what was falling out of his pocket.  Keeping his 
pace, he merely ran off.
     With a set of keen eyes, Richie noticed something had 
fallen from Ash's pocket.  Since there were plenty other 
officers in that hall running to their designated areas, 
Richie hoped to preserve whatever had fallen from his 
friend's pocket.  Looking down to the floor, he 
immediately noticed it wasn't yet trampled.  He'd give it 
back to Ash later
     Though Richie seemed to understand what it was as he 
looked to what he was picking up.  
     "The ring!"

     The alarms were blaring in Pallet Town.  It was truly 
happening.  While there were flocks of people heading to 
their local shelters, the ones in the laboratory building 
were merely evacuating the materials first.  
     "You've gotta get outta here!" Gary was ushering a 
petulant Misty out of the lab.  
     "Gary!" Misty simply defied him, quickly continuing, 
"I'll be all right! I've just gotta fax today's 
coordinates to the sectors."
     The surrounding sounds were of blaring alarms.  
     Gary pleaded, with a look of desperation, "Misty, 
please, I seriously don't want you to get hurt in all 
this."
     "And I won't.  Now, get Professor Oak and the Slowbro 
out of the lab.  I'll be right out with you."
     Gary knew he had to give in.  "Promise?"
     "Of course," Misty looked up from the fax machines, 
only to turn silent.
     With one hand on her cheek, he leaned for a kiss.
     Before he could do so, Misty stepped back and slapped
him.  Only a second after, she regretfully noted,
"I promise."
     Unlike an expected facefault from Ash, Gary's face turned
stoic.  He nodded without a wince to the slap or emotional
response before leaving.
     In a daze she spent a few seconds thinking of what happened
seconds ago.  They were the longest seconds ever.  
Finally, her attention turned to the alarms.

     "I'll be fine!" Oak yelled over the alarms, running 
with the Slowbro in his arms.  He was heading towards the 
exit of the building.
     Gary knew he didn't need to ask if his Grandpa was 
sure.  He merely breathed as he rushed back to the 
laboratory where Misty was.  Somehow, he still worried.
     Smacking his forehead, he recalled how Misty would be 
waiting for him outside anyways.  Rushing back another way 
to another exit, he figured he'd meet Oak soon after.  
Misty would probably be heading towards the shelter by the 
lake.

     "That's strange," Oak turned to his slowbro.
     Only a few feet away from the building exit, the 
slowbro in Oak's arms seemed to glow.  Even with the wrong 
time for it to occur, Oak was amazed.  Slowbro was turning 
into a Slowking.
     Quickly, his attention was averted to a glowing green 
light right above him.

     Misty eyed Gary Heading outside.  She still was 
unsure of what to say, but merely ran towards him.  It was 
hard to catch up with him, so she chose to call out to him 
from the exit she was heading out of.  
     "Gar. . ."
     A fast-moving object appeared to hit the ground 
between them.  Hurled back, Misty found herself back in 
the building.  Luckily, she had no bruises, as she shook 
off some dust from the rubble around her.  
     Looking up, she noticed a glowing light.

     Gary could've sworn he heard someone, but instead 
chose to run first, before thinking of it.  Right above 
him were frighteningly large crafts, not of friendly 
origin.  He just barely missed the explosion from the 
missile aimed at him.
     Still running away, he knew he was heading towards 
the shelter where Misty'd be.  Running with some instinct, 
he chose to go to Misty, but his mind soon caught up with 
him.
     "Oh no," Gary took out the device in his pocket, "I 
forgot."
     Looking up, he suddenly heard the crafts hovering 
over him.  They already caught up with him.  Eying his 
surroundings, he realized there were none.  He was out in 
an open field.  Knowing he had no chance out in the open, 
Gary typed in a code.
     He then looked up.








----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
For explanations on where I've been and all the writing notes, check the bottom.

              PETRAS Prologue Part 3c  "Liftoff"

Disclaimer:  No one likes to get sued, me especially.  This story's mine, 
but most characters belong to their respective anime.  Now, onto the 
story?

Spoiler:  Those who like Evangelion, but didn't yet see the end of it, 
don't read this if you don't wanna know the ending.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


     "Terra incognita," Richie exasperated, "You want us to leave our 
homes, everything we've known for 'just some coordinates'?!"
     The commander he was addressing paid no attention.  Sifting through 
the rubble of what was a laboratory building, a week ago that is, he 
murmured a few inaudible words. 
     Above the commanders, miles in the sky were an aerial battle, which 
others would've easily spotted.  Alien invasions weren't everyday events.  
Still, as explosions littered the sky, the two searched through the 
rubble.  
     "Run this through me a couple more times," Richie trudged through 
the rubble, "and I still won't understand."
     Nothing.  Not a trace of Misty, nor even the professor.  If Ash was 
open to concern of anything else, he would've searched for the disk.  For 
almost a week, he was strolling through the building's remnants.  
Nothing.
     "Ash," Richie was reaching the high point of his temper, "are you 
listening to. . ."
     Angrily tossing the piece of rubble from his hand, Ash stood to face 
his friend, retorting "Yes!"
     That time, Richie chose to say nothing.  In the past, he merely was 
the voice of reason to his friend, yet they somehow switched places.  
Ash rarely spoke in the childish demeanor he once was in, and much less 
wore his signature red cap; he usually gripped the official's hat instead.
     "The last fax from Oak was on the coordinates, Commander."
     A week ago, after one of the few successful missions, Richie eyed one 
of the only remaining faxes.  He remembered.
     "So tell me, what was on the fax?" Richie's tone lightened slightly.
     Handing him the faxed paper, Ash waited for Richie's response.
     Ash only saw his friend laugh uproariously.  "That barely explains 
anything!"
     Ash himself looked to the paper Rich held, making sure it was the 
right one.
     Merely reading "Terra Incognita.  Base point for any retreating 
sectors" with the coordinates below, nothing was specified.
     "Yeah, I guess you're right," Ash sighed, "But we might as well check 
it out."
     That's where Richie's laughter stopped.  Neither solemn, nor cheery, 
Richie looked about gloomily.  "Checkin' it out?  The trip there'd take 
months; At least plenty of weeks with even our best ships."
     Richie wouldn't let Ash argue.  Continuing, his voice rose steadily.  
"We have barely enough to defend ourselves here.  If we leave with 
some of our ships, what'll the people down here do?"
     Ash took his turn to speak after Richie's question.  As if in answer, 
he handed him another faxed paper.  "This was the very last fax."
     "You were waitin' for this moment, eh?" Richie looked up to Ash.
     "Yep," Ash smirked jokingly.  "Oak wrote some specifics:  fuel, colony 
ships, all the basic stuff we were storing away. . . "
     "For a rainy day," Richie sighed as he clutched the sheet, "We're 
risking everything, for the slim chance of another place, somewhere out 
there?"
     Pointing out to some random piece of the sky, Richie waited for a 
reply.
     More like a question.  In a darker tone, Ash asked, "Do you really 
think we'll win?  We've lost already, what, a three-tenths of our so-called 
defense force in a few days.  Look up around you, Richie."  Both Ash 
and Richie watched the sky for a moment before he continued.  "Out 
there, we're losing.  It'll only be a matter of time before we're gone, 
Richie, and not just to another continent."
     "This risk.  You really think there's any chance out there?"
     The question posed from Richie was answered with a firm nod.
     That's all Richie needed from his comrade.  "Then, what're we waiting 
for?"  He completely ignored the rubble he was in as he ran to his 
aircraft.  Ash followed after him.
     Both their crafts created a swift wind that rushed and spread the 
rubble of the past laboratory.  Like flying moltres birds, the fighter 
crafts glided below the battle, as if they were without care to what was 
above them.  
     A yellow disk from deep within the rubble emerged, only to crack 
from the force of the crafts' wind.
     "Back to Sector nine, Rich.  Over."
     "Roger, Ash.  If it's still there, that is."
     From the earphones, Richie heard Ash laugh.  "Commander?"
     Ash stopped laughing, though chuckled as he sighed, "Lookin' to the 
bright side of things, Commander?"
     "Yep."


----------------------------------------------------------


     "I can't...I can't understand," Washuu uttered as the viewscreen 
before her showed mere pieces of the building once in it.
     Behind her was a green-haired woman stepping through a portal.
     Pointing her staff to it, Setsuna waited as it closed, and even after 
stood in the same position.  Though seen as staring at the wall, Setsuna 
was in her own rush of thoughts.
     "Where's Gary?" Washuu wailed as she turned to face Setsuna.
     Setsuna turned a few degrees in Washuu's direction.  Staring 
straight into her eyes, she stated, "I'm sorry, Washuu.  That'll be
no longer of your concern." 

                                (Flashback)

           Under her red eyes, how could Washuu possibly work?  
           So far, on the viewscreen were scenes of Pokemon trainers 
setting their Pokemon free?  Oddly enough, most Pokemon remained with 
their trainers, even if not in their Pokeballs.  
           "Ash's Pikachu is quite a specimen," Washuu became slightly 
intrigued.
           "That is an electric type Pokemon."  Rei spoke in a somewhat 
monotone voice.
           "Yes," Washuu rubbed her temples a moment in slight annoyance.  
"You've said that every time it appeared on the screen."
           "Sorry.  Just trying to make conversation."  Even then, Rei 
appeared to be speaking from a script somehow.  
           "Never mind, Rei," Washuu felt her eyelids droop a moment.  
"We've still got to check out those astronomical charts."
           "If you're tired," Rei wasn't able to continue, since she was cut 
off.
           "What, me?" Washuu immediately perked up and turned back to 
the viewscreen.  We still have to work, don't we?"
           Rei could've been speechless for a very long time, but chose to 
sigh "Yes."

                             (And Back to their Present)

     "It's impossible.  I gave you the time coordinates," Washuu spoke, 
then paused in recollection.  Her eyelids were heavy when she was 
checking the astronomical charts.  In utter horror, Washuu turned to 
Setsuna, gasping, "But I just closed my eyes a moment!"
     "And how many possibilities, predictions for that day passed by your 
closed eyes, Washuu?  Anything could've happened."
     "Gary.  He's. . . ?"
     "I cannot say."  Setsuna opened another portal, her back
turned to Washuu, and exited the laboratory.


----------------------------------------------------------


     "This place is unbearable!" Asuka complained as she sat on the beach 
next to Shinji, "No air conditioning, this rotten darkness, and. . . you."
     Shinji took the remark sourly.  "I never wanted to be stuck here with 
you either, Asuka."  He stood up to walk away from her.  "It's been a 
whole darn week with you whining."
     Asuka looked up to the teenager to retort the remark, but was cut 
off as he continued.
     "Believe me, I'd rather take on a thousand more angels than listen 
one more minute of you wishing to be elsewhere," he shouted as he 
walked away.
     Asuka sat there in silence a moment, then stood up.  "Wait, where are 
you going?"  Seeing that there was no response, she ran to catch up to 
him.  Muttering, "Idiot Shinji," she sighed, "Now I've gotta run after 
him."
     Hearing her footsteps in the sand, Shinji quickened his pace, pretty 
much walking around the whole island to avoid her.  Finally stopping to 
breathe, Shinji watched as Asuka stopped beside him.  "What is it?"
     Somehow, Asuka was struggling to reply, but found an excuse.  In her 
usual commanding tone, she replied, "Duh, I'm makin' sure you don't get 
lost."
     Looking at the island they were on, Shinji could only sigh, seeing it 
was barely the size of a soccer stadium.  "Not much to lose."
     Not catching the meaning of his answer, Asuka shrugged, "Whatever.  
So what do you want for breakfast?"
     "It's morning?"
     Asuka shrugged again, "Dunno, I'm just hungry."
     "Fine," Shinji looked down to the sand, then looked up to the dark 
sky, "Then I'll have some coconuts and fish."  They were two of the few 
available foods on the island.
     "Great," Asuka walked off, "Then go get em'."
     Shinji was speechless, but annoyed nevertheless.

     An hour later, Asuka was sitting by the beach, gathering some sand 
for her hut.  In a week, Shinji and Asuka realized they needed some 
shelter, even with no hint of foul weather.  On separate sides of the 
island, Asuka and Shinji's houses were intentionally placed far apart.  
FAR apart.
     Remembering one of the previous conversations on the island, Asuka 
shuddered.  She told him of her talks with the ghostly voice of Rei, 
seeing only him in front of her, and all the rest of the weird experience.  
Whether it was a dream or something that actually happened, it shook 
her up, and seemed to worry Shinji much more.  He was always weaker than her.
     Still, the voice Asuka recalled mentioned Shinji as a complex person.  
"Complex," Asuka thought as she gathered more sand, "that and 
extremely dull."

     On the other side of the island, Shinji was still gathering their 
"breakfast".  It wasn't fun fishing, since the only suitable bait around 
were the bits of stale coconuts.  The fishing line itself was weaved from 
some palm leaves, making it harder to pull any fish in.
     He could've sworn he saw a green light coming from behind him, but 
sighed as he felt the fishing line become taut.  Not only taut, Shinji felt 
the line pulling him towards the sea, as he realized the fish behind it 
must've been big.
     The "fish" leaped out of the water, being as big as a whale.  It 
might've been one, judging from the size of it.
     "Whaaa?" Shinji somehow felt a rush of fear within him.  Unlike other 
times, he didn't feel like fighting a creature that big.  
     Running from the beach, Shinji could've sworn he ran past another 
person, but had little time to think of it.  Tripping over a rock in the 
island's forest area, Shinji fell over, only to feel a couple scrapes on him.
     "Ahhh!" Shinji cried out as he fell over from the cuts.  If he was 
more enduring, he might've seen the red-haired woman coming towards 
him.
     "Are you all right?" the red-haired woman checked his 
scrapes.
     He wasn't crying before, but felt himself become quiet as he 
answered, "Yes."
     Seeing it was an obvious lie, the woman took some bandages from her 
medical apron, "Still, those cuts look pretty serious."  She applied the 
bandages, of course.

     Back on the other side of the island, Asuka began to wonder where 
"idiot Shinji" went.  He was already late with their "breakfast".  
Strolling through the forest patch of the island towards Shinji's side, 
Asuka found herself forgetting about her "breakfast" as she spotted a 
man in a tuxedo.
     Looking unconscious, the man with a mask on him laid there like a 
beggar on a bench.
     Gathering a rock in case, Asuka stepped cautiously towards the man, 
calling, "Excuse me!"
     The man appeared to wake from what must've been him sleeping.  
"Huh?  Who. . .who're you?"
     Asuka gripped her rock less firmly, as she saw the man stand.  
Looking like Shinji, in the much older sense, Asuka could only wait for 
him to get up.  Still, unlike Shinji, she noticed the man looked like some 
sort of prince, even in his mask.  While he looked slightly better looking, 
Asuka knew he'd be bigger than Shinji.  "That's for me to know.  Who're 
you?"
     The tuxedo man seemed confused himself uttering "Mamoru" dazedly.  
Taking off his mask, the dark-haired man felt more confident as he 
replied, "Mamoru."
     Asuka sighed as she approached him less cautiously.  "Ok, Mamoru, 
I'm Asuka."
     "Nice to meet you," Mamoru shook hands with her, though somehow 
felt a flood of images as he noticed her red hair.  
     "What is it?" Asuka seemed bewildered by the man.
     Catching himself, Mamoru sighed, "Nothing.  Just.  The color red. . ."
     Asuka lifted a brow to the queer statement, but they still walked 
through the forest.

     Shinji and the older woman walked through the forest of course, 
eventually meeting up with "Mamoru" and Asuka.
     The first thing Asuka spotted was the woman walking alongside 
Shinji.  Stopping, she felt herself grow irate each second.
     Mamoru stopped himself, noticing the change in Asuka.  "Asuka?"  He 
wasn't quite sure what was wrong.
     Shinji himself noticed the man walking alongside Asuka.  He felt 
slightly curious to who was walking with Asuka.
     "Asuka, meet..."
     Asuka trudged towards him, in a speculative manner.  "Where's the breakfast?"
     The woman beside Shinji was carrying some fish wrapped in palm 
leaves.  "These, you mean?"
     "Yes.  Thank you. . ."  Asuka stood there a moment in silence until she 
perked up, whispering to Shinji.  "Um. . . What's her name?"
     Shinji himself didn't know.  "I.  I dunno."
     Back into his ear, Asuka shouted, "You don't even know her name?!"
     The energetic behavior behind Asuka made Mamoru remember 
someone else, but he wasn't quite sure who.  He knew he forgot 
something, but what?
     "Nurse. . ." the older woman was struggling to remember.  "Nurse Joy, 
but just call me Joy."
     "Joy," Asuka sighed.


----------------------------------------------------------


     A thousand or so people and Pokemon boarded each 
craft.  Within the confines of Sector 9, plenty were struggling to get 
into the crafts quickly.
     "We've got thirty-four out of the system so far.  Over," Ash radioed 
Richie.  
     "How many more?  Over." Ash heard Richie over from the earphones 
of his spacecraft.
     "Just ours, Richie, over," Ash replied through his radio.
     "Roger.  Seeya later, then."
     From his spacecraft, Ash asked, "Richie, ya' comin?"
     There was no response for what seemed a minute.  Ash finally heard 
Richie's voice reply, "Sure.  Once we get rid of these aliens, of course."
     "What?" Ash glowered over his radio, but gasped in surprise as the 
answer dawned on him.  "You're staying here?" Ash failed to hear the 
launch of his spacecraft.
     Ash knew the answer was yes, but didn't hear it from Richie.  
Already, the liftoff was in progression.  Ash was going and Richie was 
staying.
     Looking above from his aircraft, Richie felt like saluting the 
ascending spacecraft.  "Seeya later, Ash."
     Suddenly a pang of thought hit him, or it was more like
a ring from an upper compartment of his aircraft.  Wincing
at the slight pain and rubbing his head, he looked to
the forgotten engagement ring.  He still hadn't returned
it to Ash.
     "Darn," he muttered.



-----------------------------------------


     RECAP: (But if u read the parts before this, why 
bother?)

1.	     Pokemon: So far, Jesse was introduced as a 
second SailorMars, much to Raye (SailorMars in 
SailorMoon) and Jesse's own distaste. Brock, dressed 
in a tuxedo with a rose in hand, was just sensing 
danger and was off on another crusade. A male in 
another tuxedo appeared to Brock with a yellow 
rodent on his shoulder. 
2.	     Evangelion. Shinji Ikari, a dispirited young 
adult, was sharing an island with the girl who 
constantly nagged him in his past life. Asuka was 
rambling of "seeing only Shinji" while on the island 
with him. Though thinking they were the only 
survivors of the third impact (where every human on 
earth was turned to liquid), a classmate was having 
troubles of his own. Only a few months ago, Touji 
appeared on what seemed to be another world (the 
world of Ranma1/2) to greet a green-haired lady and 
a clumsy, blonde girl.  With no recollection of the 
world he came from, he somehow ended up falling for 
Serena.  Just recently falling in love with the girl 
(Serena A.K.A. SailorMoon), Touji kept noticing 
something was wrong with her.  By visiting his 
adopted parents' friend, Dr. Tofu, Touji began 
recalling visions of Evas, and possibly the past he 
had forgotten.  With the addition of a past 
classmate, Kensuke, Touji himself was recovering his 
past.
3.	     Tenchi Masaki (a boy who found out he was a 
prince from the world of Jurai) had dealt with 
unusual proceedings in his home. Dealing with the 
space pirate (Ryoko) and a relative who happened to 
be a princess from Jurai (Ayeka) was tough enough.  
Unfortunately, Tenchi found exactly what Washuu 
discovered (Shinji and Asuka on one of Washuu's 
homemade worlds.) and met a green-haired woman 
(Setsuna from SailorMoon).  Another experiment or 
creation of Washuu's went wrong (Just like usual).
4.	     Ranma Saotome and Akane Tendo had their own 
weird lives in Nerima before meeting a green-haired 
lady (Setsuna).  Ranma was a guy who turned to a 
girl when splashed with cold water, who'd usually go 
into harsh situations to turn back (with hot water) 
to a guy. Akane was the martial arts school owner's 
daughter who was set up to marry Ranma. Combining 
their weird fiances parents, enemies, and whatever 
came their way, their lives became a great mess 
until they were finally married. Only five years 
after their marriage, they both realized Ranma 
wouldn't be able to give Akane a child.  Once 
Setsuna came to them in their fifteenth year of 
marriage, they were more than willing to accept a 
child and whatever would happen next. 
     A year after Serena's arrival, Touji came (read 
part2) and somehow fell for Serena (literally and 
figuratively).  Both Serena and Touji knew nothing 
of their past in their own worlds (from the aid of a 
certain green-haired lady), yet began recalling it 
by visiting Dr. Tofu.  From seeing inkblots, Serena 
lost more control of her mind than Touji; letting 
herself recall her past as SailorMoon and the guy 
she once loved (Mamoru A.K.A. Tuxedo Mask).  
Oblivious to Serena's past, Touji merely let himself 
and Serena fall further from each other. 
5.	     SailorMoon (known as Serena in SailorMoon) 
wasn't the only character with bad recollections.   
When Setsuna sent Serena from her world to Ranma's, 
Jesse was sent in her place as SailorMars2. Handling 
everything as well as they could, the other sailor 
scouts merely let Jesse be a Sailor Scout, except 
SailorMars (Raye). Setsuna (SailorPluto A.K.A. the 
green-haired lady A.K.A. the protector of time) went 
over to greet Washuu on a "little" disturbance in 
time.
 

--
Oh, yeah, umm, if there were some unaswered C&C's to my old email, sorry.

	Yep.  Unbelievably, I've had the worst luck with computers this year.
	Recovering with a better computer and a week of free-writing time,
I finally rewritten part 3.  While I've already
written like two other parts, I've really gotta revise. 

C&C to 
Ilumanae@yahoo.com






