Phantasy Star Muyo!
  By Anthos the Battlemage

DISCLAIMER: Tenchi Muyo! and all related names and characters are property
of Pioneer. Phantasy Star Online and all related elements are property of
Sega and Sonic Team. I do not own these properties, nor do I claim any right
to them. I am not doing this for any sort of profit, merely for the sake of
storytelling. I also do this to pay homage to the greatest romantic-comedy
anime, the Tenchi Muyo! series, and the greatest RPG I've ever played
(besides Chrono Trigger, which by the way is property of Squaresoft),
Phantasy Star Online.  Enjoy!

Character Profiles

AUTHOR'S NOTE: The characters of Tenchi Muyo! need no introduction, of
course. However, the PSO characters that guide Tenchi and the gang through
the highways and by-ways of Pioneer 2 and the surface of Ragol are not
characters that appear in the game (although a few will make appearances),
they are of my own creation.

Jade Falcon- Jade Falcon is a HUcast, a male android Hunter, and a skilled
warrior. He can cut a wide swathe out of enemy hordes with his Soul Eater, a
scythe weapon he won from the rogue HUcast Kireek. He also employs a pair of
Vulcan Mechguns in long-range fighting. Though fearsome in battle, JF is a
very happy-go-lucky individual, thanks to his experimental human emotion
grid. He has a hearty (if twisted) sense of humor, even in the midst of
fighting. Essentially, this guy is like Duo Maxwell of Gundam Wing in the
body of a tall green robot with a blade protruding out of his forehead. He
is the leader of the team known as the Bladehawks.

Templar- Templar is a formidable HUmar, a male human Hunter, and is a member
of the Bladehawks. His trademark weapon is a Chain Sword, and specializes in
the Resta (healing), Reverser (revival) and Grants (light-type attack)
techniques. Templar is very noble and chivalrous, and of a very serious
nature. His by-the-books attitude sometimes has a tendency to rub his ally
Jade Falcon the wrong way. Despite this, Templar is one of JF's staunchest
allies. His armor is gray and red, his hair long and black and his face
scarred.

Elaine- HUnewearl Elaine is one of the best in her field. She uses S-Beat
Blades, arm blades made for her by the genius Dr. Montague, in combat, and
also specializes in Barta (ice) techniques. Elaine is a Bladehawk, and the
object of Jade Falcon's affections. Even though she is a Newman and he is an
android, the two are deeply in love, despite the jeerings of her friends,
fellow HUnewearls Kroe and Anna. She is very kind-hearted and a valiant
fighter in combat. She has long flame-red hair, green eyes, and wears a
white outfit.

Mr. Void- Some would say that FOnewm Mr. Void, the only Force on the
Bladehawks team, is a stark-raving lunatic. He has been known to babble on
about imaginary leprachauns and "demon chipmunks" that inhabit Pioneer 2,
and burst into song about "Cookie, the Root of All Evil" in the midst of
battle. Despite his eccentricities, Void is a good friend and a powerful
ally to those who know him well (namely, Jade Falcon and the Bladehawks).
His mastery of techniques is absolute, making him something of an "idiot
savant." He knows every technique from Anti to Zonde, though not even he
knows which one he's going to use next. In addition to his spellcasting
prowess, Void wields one of the strangest weapons ever- Akiko's Frying Pan.
That's right, folks- when not casting spells, he's bashing monsters over the
head with a cast-iron skillet. Why, no one will ever know- not even Jade
Falcon. Mr. Void has sandy-brown hair and wears a black-and-yellow outfit
with a two-pronged jester's cap.

Well, there are the PSO good guys of my story. Here are some of the other
players that hail from the worldship Pioneer 2.

Dr. Montague- A FOnewm and Pioneer 2's resident super-genius. PSO players
will recognize him from the Hunter's Guild quest "Doc's Secret Plan." Dr.
Montague is responsible for the creation of Elaine's S-Beat Blades and Jade
Falcon's human emotion grid. He outfits the Bladehawks with special weapons
and armors of his own design, and his other creation, the RAcaseal Elenor,
often accompanies Jade Falcon on missions.

Elenor- Elenor is a RAcaseal, a female android Ranger, and Dr. Montague's
"masterwork." Like Jade Falcon, she is equipped with an advanced human
emotion grid, giving her a very kind and compassionate demeanor. She is able
to communicate with Mags, the sentient machines that serve their masters by
healing them, making them invulnerable, and summoning creatures called
Photon Blasts. PSO players will remember Elenor from the quests "Magnitude
of Metal," "Secret Delivery," and "Doc's Secret Plan."

Kroe & Anna- Kroe and Anna Waynes, from "Waterfall Tears" and "Black Paper,"
are twin HUnewearls who have a penchant for getting into trouble. They are
friends with Elaine, and disapprove of Elaine's romantic involvement with
Jade Falcon.

Kireek- This rogue HUcast, from "Battle Training," known also as the Black
Hound, considers Jade Falcon to be his greatest rival. He has attacked Jade
Falcon on several occasions, and every time Kireek has been defeated. The
final time, Kireek was forced to relinquish his Soul Eater weapon to Jade
Falcon, and Kireek has not forgiven him for this. Armed with a new scythe,
the Soul Banish, Kireek has vowed to bathe his new weapon in Jade Falcon's
mech-fluid.

Well, folks, that about covers it. LET'S ROCK!

Chapter 1: The Whole New World

 Tenchi Masaki sighed as he took in the view of the peaceful and serene lake
behind his house. At least, It WAS peaceful and serene- until the ditzy
Galaxy Police officer Mihoshi Kuramitsu crashed her ship right in the middle
of it. Jeez, that's the tenth time this week! Tenchi thought as Mihoshi swam
to shore, her uniform soaked and her expression crestfallen. "Sorry,
Tenchi," she apologized, "I wasn't watching where I was going!"
 Tenchi forced a smile. "Uh, that's okay, Mihoshi," Tenchi said, trying to
hide his annoyance, "It happens to the best of us."
 Mihoshi's sky-blue eyes lit up. "Really? So you forgive me?"
 "Yes, I forgive you, Mihoshi."
 Mihoshi wrapped her arms around Tenchi in a bear hug that nearly crushed
his rib cage. "Oh thank you, Tenchi, thank you!" Mihoshi exclaimed. "You
don't know how much this means to me!"
 Suddenly, the cyan-haired space pirate, Ryoko, teleported onto the
lakeshore as Tenchi was locked in Mihoshi's embrace. "A-hem- Mihoshi, what
are you doing?" she inquired, a hint of menace in her voice.
 Mihoshi realized what she was doing, and let go of a dazed and sopping-wet
Tenchi, who collapsed on the ground in a heap. "Sorry, Ryoko," Mihoshi
began. "It's just that I crashed in the lake again, and I said I was sorry,
and..."
 Ryoko sighed. "That's okay, Mihoshi." Ryoko floated over to Tenchi, who was
still on the ground in a daze. When Tenchi was once again aware of what was
going on, he found Ryoko lying on top of him.
 "Hey, lover," Ryoko cooed seductively. Tenchi cried out in surprise, but
could do nothing- his arms were pinned to his sides. Ryoko began to lean in
closer, to kiss him, and then...
 "RYOKO! LEAVE LORD TENCHI ALONE!!" Princess Ayeka Jurai, crown princess of
planet Jurai and Ryoko's rival for Tenchi's affections, stormed up to the
lakeshore in an absolute fury. "What do you think you are doing,
you...you...DEMON!"
 "More than you're ever gonna do, Princess!" Ryoko smirked as she floated
off of Tenchi to confront Ayeka. "There's nothing you can do about it!"
 "Watch me!" Ayeka shot back.
 Mihoshi looked on with growing concern. "Please stop fighting!" she wailed,
tears streaming out of her eyes (as only Mihoshi can do). "I don't like it
when people fight!"
 Suddenly, a circle of light appeared on the ground in front of Mihoshi. She
stopped crying to admire this...whatever it was. "Ooh, pretty!" she said in
awe as she stepped toward the circle. She placed her foot in the center of
it... and disappeared.
 Tenchi was the first to notice. "Mihoshi? MIHOSHI!" he screamed as he
jumped into the circle. A flash of light, and he was gone.
 Ryoko and Ayeka paused in their fighting long enough to notice that Tenchi
was missing. They saw the circle of light, and put two and two together.
"Lord Tenchi, I'm coming for you!" Ayeka yelled as she disappeared in a
brilliant flash.
 "Not without me, you're not!" Ryoko exclaimed as she followed suit.
 The four of them had no idea what they were in for.

Chapter 2: Mother Earth of Dishonesty

 When Tenchi came to, he found himself in the middle of a lush forest,
surrounded by Ryoko, Ayeka and Mihoshi. He had no clue where that portal- or
whatever it was- had transported them. If Washu were here, he thought, she'd
know what was going on!
 Shortly, the girls all came to their senses. "Where are we? What did you
do, Mihoshi?" Ryoko exclaimed. "How did this happen?"
 "I don't know!" Mihoshi replied frantically. "I just stepped into that
pretty light circle, and the next thing I know we're in this pretty woods!"
 "I'm no scientist, but I think that 'light circle' was some kind of
portal," Ayeka said thoughtfully. "The question is, where did it take us?"
 Mihoshi was as bewildered as ever. "How should I- Aww, how cute!" A small
yellow bird-like creature that was walking toward Mihoshi had distracted
her. It looked like an overgrown chick with long antennae protruding from
its head.
 "What is it?" Ryoko asked.
 "I don't know, but it's so ADORABLE!" Mihoshi exclaimed as she reached out
to pet the strange little birdie.
 The bird responded by fiercely pecking at Mihoshi's hand. Mihoshi withdrew
her hand in shock as the bird began chirping angrily. "Was it something I
said?" Mihoshi wondered in surprise.
 Suddenly, more of the bird-things appeared, accompanied by fierce-looking
bipedal monsters with brown fur. All looked as though they had chosen the
humans they had surrounded as their next meal.
 Tenchi panicked. "Run!" he cried, and all four ran for what looked like a
gateway at the end of the clearing. It was much to their dismay when they
found the gate locked.
 "Great, what now?" Ryoko said as the monsters began closing in on their
quarry.
 Suddenly, a glowing scythe blade began to mow down the birds and beasts
like a wheat field. Tenchi saw the scythe's wielder- a green-armored
humanoid with a blade protruding from his forehead.
 The monsters turned their attention to this brave warrior. The birds began
squawking, and the furry beasts roared in anger. "Sorry, gentlemen," the
green metal man said in a sarcastic tone, "Lunch is cancelled!"
 Once again, the man began swinging his scythe. With the grace and agility
of a jungle panther, he dispatched the monsters in short order, and then
turned his attention to Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka and Mihoshi. "You four- how did
you get down here? You know perfectly well civilians aren't allowed off of
Pioneer 2!" he demanded.
 "Uh, what's Pioneer 2?" Mihoshi inquired. "All I know is that we stepped
into that portal thing, and-"
 "'Portal thing?'" the humanoid interrupted, echoing Mihoshi. "Oh boy, looks
like you found Dr. M's Interdimensional Telepipe. I'm guessing it was
somehow activated and you four fell through it."
 "Uh, I guess," Tenchi replied. "What is going on? Who are you?"
 The man had no visible mouth and only one glowing yellow eye; otherwise he
would have smiled. "The name's Jade Falcon," he replied. "I'm a Hunter of
the worldship Pioneer 2. Dr. Montague sent me here to retrieve his
experimental Telepipe that his android Elenor dropped here. But instead of
it, I find you four. What are your names?"
 Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka and Mihoshi introduced themselves, and explained their
situation. When Mihoshi told Jade Falcon about the bird, he hung his head in
disbelief. "For the love of- you tried to pet a Rag Rappy?" he moaned. "Do
you have rocks in your head or something?"
 "You have no idea," Ryoko muttered under her breath.
 "I couldn't help it! It was so cute!" Mihoshi explained in desperation.
 "It may be cute, but that doesn't mean it's not dangerous," Jade Falcon
explained. "Rag Rappies are supposedly very friendly, but something has made
them aggressive. In fact, it's made ALL the native animals of Ragol
aggressive."
 "Ragol- that's the name of this planet, correct?" Ayeka asked.
 Jade Falcon nodded. "We came here on Pioneer 2 to live in the colony that
Pioneer 1 had established. But just as we arrived, a huge explosion rocked
the planet, and all communication with Pioneer 1 was lost. Every hunter on
Pioneer 2, including myself, has been sent down to investigate. Right now
I'm on a quest from the Hunter's Guild to retrieve Dr. M's Telepipe. So much
for that, though."
 "If you were sent to investigate the explosion," Ayeka began, "then why are
you looking for some mad scientist's little toy?"
 "First off, Dr. Montague is the greatest scientist on Pioneer 2!" Jade
Falcon retorted. "And secondly, I needed the Meseta. Money," he added when
he noticed the bewildered look on Ayeka's face.
 "Sorry about not finding your Telepipe," Tenchi said.
 "Actually, it's not a total loss- at least we know it works!" Jade Falcon
replied. He shouldered his scythe. "Well, I'd better find Elenor. You're
welcome to tag along."
 Jade Falcon walked through the now-open gateway. "Hey! That was locked
before!" Ryoko exclaimed.
 "Oh, that," Jade Falcon said nonchalantly. "Some gates will only open when
all the monsters in the area have been defeated. Don't ask me why."
 As they walked through the forest, Tenchi couldn't shake the feeling that
Jade Falcon was- there was no other way to put it- not human. "Uh, Jade
Falcon?" he began hesitantly, "Are you, uh, you know..."
  "Human? No, I'm an android," Jade Falcon finished. "A HUcast, to be more
precise." Again, if he had a mouth, he would have smiled. "Besides, your
green-haired lady-friend seems to be more than human, too," he added, as he
and Tenchi watched as Ryoko hovered a foot or so off the ground.
 "What?" Ryoko asked as she noticed Tenchi and Jade Falcon staring at her.
Then she realized what she was doing. "Uh, well, um..."
 "You don't have to explain," Jade Falcon interrupted, holding up a hand.
"You're not from here, so I understand if you start exhibiting strange new
powers. Besides, my Bladehawks can all use techniques, so you'd fit right
in."
 "Bladehawks?" Ryoko echoed.
 "That's the Hunter team I belong to. Well, I'm the leader, actually," Jade
Falcon explained. "I used to go it alone, but that's before I met Elaine."
With that, he let out a voice oscillation that sounded like a sigh. "She's a
HUnewearl, you'll meet her later. She convinced me not to be a lone wolf
anymore, so we started the Bladehawks."
 The group reached another clearing, and ran into a pink humanoid robot that
was feminine in its design. In fact, she looked more like a human than Jade
Falcon did. She was carrying a rifle.
 "Jade Falcon! Did you find it?" the female android asked the green
mechanoid.
 "Well, yes and no," Jade Falcon replied. "These are Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka,
and Mihoshi. They came through the Interdimensional Telepipe. Everyone, this
is Elenor Camuel. She's the android I was telling you about earlier."
 "Pleased to meet you all," Elenor greeted, curtseying. "So, you're from
another dimension? Won't Dr. Montague be so excited!"
 "Pleased to meet you too, Elenor," Tenchi said. He turned to Jade Falcon.
"So, what happens now?"
 "Well, I go see Dr. M, collect my Meseta, and get you guys some armor and
weapons," Jade Falcon explained. "On this world, you're gonna need all the
protection you can get."
 It took some convincing on Jade Falcon's part, but he finally got Tenchi
and the gang into the transporter at the end of the clearing. One moment,
they were in a forest on the planet Ragol, the next they found themselves in
a futuristic city. As Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka and Mihoshi stood awestruck, Jade
Falcon appeared in the transporter behind them. "Welcome," he said, "to
Pioneer 2."
 Jade Falcon led Tenchi and crew to a door marked "Hunter's Guild." Besides
the girl behind the counter, the only other people in the Guild were Elenor
and a diminutive man with long, pointed ears, goggles and the loudest purple
outfit one could ever imagine. "Well, Jade Falcon, I see you've returned-
and with guests!" the man called out.
 "Sho'nuf, Doc, " Jade Falcon replied. "I assume Elenor has filled you in on
the details?"
 "Of course." The strange little man walked up to Tenchi and his female
friends. "Allow me to introduce myself. I'm Dr. Jean Farlo Montague. You
must be the ones who fell through my Telepipe."
 Tenchi nodded. "Yes. Dr. Montague, is this...a spaceship?"
 Montague chuckled. "Not just any ship, my boy. This ship carries on it the
population of an entire planet. Ragol was to be our new home- until the
explosion occurred. We've been trying to figure out what's going on."
 Jade Falcon, who had been talking with the girl on the counter, turned to
the group. "You four stay here," he instructed. "I'm going to get the
Bladehawks, and some new duds for you guys to wear.

 It was some time before Jade Falcon came back. And he didn't come back
alone- he was accompanied by three other people. One was a man with
gray-and-red armor, black hair and a scarred, solemn face. Another was a
beautiful red-haired woman with a white outfit and long, pointed ears. The
last was a skinny elven man-child with blonde hair and a garish outfit
similar to Dr. Montague's, but was black and yellow and had a two-pronged
hat similar to a jester's cap.
 "Sorry to keep you waiting," Jade Falcon apologized to Tenchi and the gang,
"I had a tough time finding suitable outfits for you guys. Anyway, these are
the Bladehawks." With that, Jade Falcon indicated the three behind him.
 "I am Templar," the weather-beaten man in gray introduced. "As long as you
four don't become a burden, we'll get along just fine."
 "I'm Elaine," the elven woman said politely. "I hope you'll stay with us at
least a little while."
 "Beware the evil demon chipmunks!" the oddball elf exclaimed all of a
sudden. He had a half-crazed look in his eyes. "Even now they do battle with
the leprachauns!"
 Templar sighed in frustration. "And that," he said, "is Mr. Void. He's
crazy, but we keep him around because he's a phenomenal Force- that, and
Jade Falcon and Elaine won't let me kill him."
 "Templar! Don't even say that!" Jade Falcon exclaimed. "Anyhoo, here are
your new threads." With that, he handed Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka and Mihoshi
each a small green cube.
 "What do we do with these?" Ryoko asked in total bewilderment.
 Jade Falcon pressed a button on the side of Tenchi's cube. Suddenly, the
cube disappeared and Tenchi found himself in a suit of orange armor similar
to Templar's.
 "A little sumthin' Dr. M cooked up a while back," Jade Falcon explained.
"They're called Disguise Modules. Now you look like a HUmar."
 "A HUmar?"
 "A male human Hunter, like me," Templar explained.
 Ryoko pressed the button on her cube, and her clothes transformed into a
black-and-red halter-top and black shorts that showed a lot of leg.
 "No one could tell you from another HUnewearl now," Jade Falcon smiled (or
would have, if he had a mouth).
 "In case you're wondering, a HUnewearl is a female Newman Hunter," Elaine
explained. "Like me."
 "And you're like no other, babe," Jade Falcon said slyly as he put his arm
around Elaine's waist. Elaine responded by drawing closer and planting her
lips firmly where Jade Falcon's lips would have been if he had them.
 Tenchi looked on in bewilderment. "Are you two...you know...uh..."
 Elaine smiled and nodded. Ryoko frowned. If an elf can fall in love with a
robot, she thought, then why can't I be with Tenchi?
 Meanwhile, Ayeka's Disguise Module had given her a yellow-and-purple dress
and a matching cylindrical hat. "What am I now, Sir Falcon?" she asked in
her usual prim and proper manner.
 "You're a female human Force," Jade Falcon responded. "A FOmarl, for
short."
 After some difficulty, Mihoshi activated her disguise. She now appeared to
be a pink robotic version of herself. In fact, she looked almost like
Elenor, but with a ponytail.
 "Cool! I'm a robot!" Mihoshi squealed in delight.
 "A RAcaseal, actually," Dr. Montague corrected. "Very similar in design to
my Elenor. Well, now all you need is weapons and armor."
 Tenchi's eyes lit up. "Oh! That reminds me- I think I had Tenchi-Ken with
me when we left!" Suddenly, the Jurai Master Key, the sword Tenchi-Ken,
appeared in Tenchi's hand. "Woah, how did that happen?" Tenchi wondered.
 "Your suit equipped it for you," Jade Falcon explained. "You said the name,
and it equipped itself. Watch- Soul Eater!" With those words, the scythe
that Jade Falcon used when he first met Tenchi and crew appeared in his
hand.
 "Well, I suggest we quit stalling and head for Forest 2," Templar said
finally. "As long as you four can hold your own in combat, you're welcome to
come along."
 "Don't worry, we've seen our fair share of fighting," Tenchi sighed as he
shot a glance at Ryoko and Ayeka.
 "Then let's move it on out of hyah!" Jade Falcon called out, and the
Bladehawks and Team Tenchi headed for the transporter to the surface of
Ragol.

 Chapter 3: Growl, from the Depths of the Earth

 The area that Tenchi, Jade Falcon and crew saw as they stepped out of the
transporter was different from the forest where the android from Pioneer 2
had met the boy from Earth and his friends. It was raining and a massive
dome-shaped building could be seen in the distance.
 "Okay, folks, we're headed for the Central Dome," Jade Falcon said,
pointing to the building in the distance. "This place'll be crawling with
monsters, so stay on your toes."
 "You mean like those Rag Rappies and those furry brown things?" Mihoshi
inquired, fiddling with a small pistol Elenor had given her.
 "Those  'furry brown things' are called Boomas," Templar said as he readied
a massive broadsword with a glowing chainsaw-like blade.
 As the group made its way from the transporter, several four-legged
creatures jumped out from the bushes, circling the group and snarling
menacingly.
 Tenchi ignited Tenchi-Ken's blade. "These guys look like- wolves!" he
exclaimed. They did in fact look like a cross between Earth wolves and some
kind of blue-scaled reptile.
 "They're Savage Wolves," Elaine explained as energy blades flared out of
her arms.  She immediately leapt into action, slashing at the wolves with
her arm blades. Templar struck two with his chainsaw-blade, and both wolves
roared in rage and pain as they fell to the ground dead.
 "Woo-hoo!" Ryoko called out in triumph. But her enthusiasm was short-lived
as a massive gorilla-like creature leaped out of nowhere, catching her
off-guard and tackling her.
 Tenchi and Jade Falcon rushed to Ryoko's aid- all for naught. "GET OFF!"
Ryoko screamed as she fired an energy blast at her huge assailant. The beast
grunted, and fell down dead, now having a gaping hole in its torso.
 "I don't believe it," Jade Falcon said in amazement. "She took out a
Hildebear with one hit!"
 Mr. Void clobbered the last Savage Wolf over the head with a cast-iron
frying pan. "Lolly-Lolly-Loo!" he exclaimed as he quickly turned away from
the beast. Noticing that Void's back was turned; the wolf leapt at the
FOnewm-and was electrocuted as a circle of lightning bolts flew out from his
body. "Wow, did I do that?" Void asked, a confused look on his face.
 Ayeka was surprised as well. "How did you do that?"
 "He's a Force," Jade Falcon explained. "Forces specialize in the use of
spells called 'techniques'. Mr. Void here is the best in his field."
 "Even though half the time he doesn't even know what he's doing," Templar
added.
 "I think we should get going, " Elaine said with a sense of urgency  "We
need to get to the warp to the Central Dome."
 Two clearings, ten Boomas, six Wolves, five Rappies and one Hildebear
later, Tenchi, Jade Falcon and crew made it to another transporter. "This
sucker'll take us to the Central Dome," said Jade Falcon. "I have a sneaking
suspicion there'll be more beasties in that direction, and we took a little
bit of damage back there."
 Templar stepped forward. "Say no more, Falcon- I'll do the honors." The
HUmar closed his eyes and stretched out his hands. A green aura spread out
from Templar's body, washing himself and the others in its healing glow.
 Tenchi inhaled deeply as the aura healed the wounds that the Boomas and
Wolves had given him. "Templar, you can cast spells too?" he asked.
 "I can," Templar replied. "In fact, all of us here but Jade Falcon can use
techniques. I specialize in Resta- it's a healing technique."
 "I can use the different ice techniques- Barta, Gibarta and Rabarta,"
Elaine added.
 "Like ol' Templar said- I can't use techniques. That's the downside to
being an android," said Jade Falcon. "Anyhoo, now that everybody's running
on all eight cylinders, let's head to the Central Dome." With that, he
stepped into the transporter, and the others quickly followed suit.
    Jade Falcon wasn't kidding when he said the Central Dome would have more
opposition waiting for them. As soon as they stepped out of the transporter,
Team Tenchi and the Bladehawks were attacked by a swarm of large
mosquito-like insects. Tenchi had just figured out how to use the computer
on the left arm of his suit, which told him these creatures were...
 "Mothmants!" Tenchi exclaimed, slashing at the overgrown bugs with
Tenchi-Ken. "Jeez, there're so many of them!"
 "We have to take them out at the source," Templar growled as his sword cut
a wide swathe out of the swarm. "There'll be a Monest somewhere around
here."
 "You mean that ugly purple thingy over there that these bugs are coming out
of?"  Mihoshi asked, pointing to a massive purple sac hanging in midair from
vines near a tree. Sure enough, Mothmants were spewing out if it.
 Mihoshi took aim with her handgun, and fired- completely missing her
intended target. But disappointment turned to joy as a rather large
tree-branch crashed down and crushed the Monest, thus ending its blizzard of
Mothmants.
 "Mihoshi, I don't know how you do it," Ryoko said, hanging her head in
disbelief.
 "She's either a really good shot or just extremely lucky," Jade Falcon
agreed. Somehow, he knew it was the latter.
 The group made their way through a gate, and found yet another transporter.
This one was much larger than the others had been.
 "Well, I guess we all go into the transporter," Tenchi guessed. "Is
everyone ready?"
 "Hey- who put you in charge, greenhorn?" Jade Falcon said indignantly. "I'm
the leader here. I'M the king! I'm..."
 The android was cut short as Elaine wrapped her arms around him. "You're
what, honey?" she said slyly, her green eyes staring into Jade Falcon's
photoreceptor.
 "Uh, every king needs his queen, my dear," Jade Falcon stammered. Elaine
smiled, and kissed him.
 Ryoko took this opportunity to put the moves on Tenchi, who was trying to
ignore Jade Falcon and Elaine's display of affection. She moved closer to
him, and put her arm around his waist. "So Tenchi," she began, "You never
told me if you liked my new outfit or not!"
 Tenchi recognized the seductive look in Ryoko's catlike gold eyes, and
quickly decided to change the subject. "Uh, can we get out of here?"
 "Onward to destiny- and bran muffins!" Mr. Void said triumphantly as he
stepped onto the transporter platform. "C'mon, JF- speed it up!"
 Jade Falcon loosed himself from Elaine's embrace, and tightened his grip on
his Soul Eater scythe. "All right folks, pile in!" he exclaimed as he,
Templar, Elaine, Tenchi and the others climbed onto the platform.
 The transporter took them into the interior of the Central Dome.  The place
was a shambles- it looked more like some massive creature's burrow now.
"This place looks like something's using it as a nest," Tenchi remarked.
 Suddenly, he heard a bestial roar, and soon learned whose nest it was. A
massive greenish-brown dragon swooped down from the upper reaches of the
Central Dome, dust flying as it flapped its gigantic leathery wings. It
landed on the ground with such force; it knocked Tenchi and crew off
balance. Fear overtook Tenchi even as he struggled to his feet.
 Jade Falcon, however, looked ready to tackle this beast. "Alright, people,
here's the game plan," he ordered. "This overgrown salamander's main weak
point is his head. Tenchi and I will get it to lower its head, and the rest
of you lay into it when it lowers."
 Tenchi's eyes widened in terror. "And how do we do that?" he demanded
frantically.
 "Attack his feet," the android replied.
 As Jade Falcon was going over his strategy, the dragon took advantage of
this opportunity and launched a huge fireball from its mouth. Luckily, Ayeka
noticed this, and called up her mini-guardians. Numerous small log-like
objects surrounded her and the others, electrical energy dancing between
them. The fireball splashed harmlessly against the force field the
mini-guardians had generated. "Gentlemen, I suggest you stop talking about
it and take action!" Ayeka said to Tenchi and JF. "That thing looks
furious!"
 With that, Jade Falcon raised his Soul Eater and charged forward. Tenchi
steeled himself and followed suit, maintaining a white-knuckle grip on
Tenchi-Ken.
 The dragon howled in rage as Jade Falcon and Tenchi began slashing with
their weapons. However, all it seemed to do was anger the beast. The dragon
once again took to the sky, nipping Jade Falcon's original plan in the bud.
 "Oh, CRAP!" the HUcast exclaimed. His Soul Eater disappeared, and small
machine guns appeared in his hands. "Switch to long range tactics, people!"
 Jade Falcon began circling the dragon, guns blazing. Elaine fired
bluish-white energy blasts at the monster. Ryoko flew up into the air,
ignited her beam-blade- and was sent reeling as the dragon let loose with a
barrage of fireballs.
 "RYOKO!" Tenchi yelled in horror. With an enraged battle cry on his lips,
Tenchi threw Tenchi-Ken with full force at the dragon. The dragon screamed
in anguish as the blade of the legendary Master Key of Jurai pierced its
heart. It crashed to the ground, and breathed its last.
 As the dragon twitched in its death throes, Tenchi ran to Ryoko, who lay
unconscious at one side of the arena. "Ryoko, are you okay?" he asked as
Ryoko slowly came to.
 Ryoko opened her eyes, and smiled weakly. "I'm all right, Tenchi," she
murmured. "Thanks for the save back there." With that, she passed out again.
 "Let's head back to Pioneer 2," Jade Falcon ordered. "Tenchi, your friend
Ryoko needs medical attention."
 A transporter appeared out of nowhere, and Jade Falcon, Tenchi and crew
stepped into it, returning them to Pioneer 2.

Next Time on Phantasy Star Muyo!:
Team Tenchi and the Bladehawks head into the Caves, and Mihoshi finds true
love. Don't miss the next exciting installment of Phantasy Star Muyo!

AUTHOR'S NOTE- Well folks, whattaya think? Send all C&C to
me_grimlock41@hotmail.com. Excelsior!
