The Phoenix Chronicles Episode Eight: The Quest For Truth…
(The Completion of the Super Computer Magi.)
	“Magi Casper,” Naoko dubbed the first of the three large drives that sat in the 
control center platform below. She was alone in the control center, on the highest 
platform with only her daughter. 
	“Magi Balthasar,” she dubbed the second, and the third she dubbed, “Magi 
Melchior.” She looked over the three drives proudly, and went on to say, “The Magi are 
the three aspects of myself. They are myself as a scientist, myself as a mother, and myself 
as a woman. The three aspects that combine to make one whole.”
	“The three faces of mother, and all that’s left is to turn the power on.”  Ritsuko 
said, sharing her mother’s pride. Her mother nodded, and then she started to gather her 
things. “I’ll be leaving early today. Misato just got back.”
	“Oh, I’d heard that she’d joined Gehirn, in Germany if I recall.” The older Akagi 
mentioned. 
	“Yes, she’s with the third branch.” Ritsuko told her.
	“So, she’s going be having a long distance relationship.” Her mother guessed.
	“It didn’t work out.” Ritsuko said knowingly.
	“Your friends broke up? But they always seemed like such a perfect couple.” 
Naoko said, a bit shocked.
	“The interaction of men of women isn’t very logical.” Ritsuko said, trying not to 
sound bitter. She had received a response from Mousse a few days ago. He had told her 
he couldn’t come to Gehirn for many reasons, not including Ritsuko, herself. She 
couldn’t help feeling disappointed, though.
	“You’re always so cool, and analytical about these things. Aren’t you afraid you 
might lose your chance at happiness?” Naoko asked, sitting down. She was prodding 
Ritsuko to talk about her relationship with Yui’s ward.
	“First, I have to find a definition for happiness. It’s been a while since I went 
out.” Ritsuko said, leaving, knowing what her mother wanted, but not able to bring 
herself to talk to her about those things. The only person she could speak with about 
those things was dead.
	“Have a good one.” Naoko told her, giving up.
	“See ya,” Ritsuko waved at her mother one last time, went out the steel hatch, and 
never saw her again.
	Naoko sat there, looking proudly over the drives she had finished  She heard the 
hatch slide open, again. When she looked over at the door, she saw Rei standing there, 
looking at her.
	“Did you need me for something, Rei?” 
	“I lost my way, Doctor.”
	“Is that so? Well, do you want to with me, then?” Naoko asked gently.
	“No, thanks.” The girl told her flatly.
	“But how are you going to get home all by yourself?” Naoko asked trying to 
maintain her smile.
	“That’s not your business, old hag.”
	“Old hag?” the doctor repeated.
	“I can find my way home by myself, old hag.”
	Naoko felt like she had just been slapped, but she recovered quickly, and gave the 
little girl a menacing look. “You shouldn’t call people an Old hag, Rei.”
	“But you are an Old Hag, aren’t you.” The girl replied, starting to smile.
	“You’re making me very angry, Rei. I’ll have to tell Commander Ikari about this, 
you little brat.”
	“The commander is the one who calls you that.”
	Now, the older Akagi finally understood. She had been used, all this time, when 
she thought Gendou actually felt some love for her.
	Rei could see she had affected the scientist, but stepped closer, and went on, “He 
says, ‘That old hag is annoying. That old hag is of no use anymore.’” 
	Naoko heard the words, and now, in this moment of revelation, she could see 
herself kissing Gendou, moaning lovingly, and him only sitting there with an indifferent 
look on his face. No. It was hate she saw in his face. She could only see his hateful face, 
and hear those words over and over.
	When she looked to Rei, she could hear those words spew from her mouth,
	“That old hag is annoying. That old hag is of no use anymore.”
	“That old hag is annoying. That old hag is of no use anymore.”
	“That old hag is annoying. That old hag is of no use anymore.”
	Then, she looked at the little girl closer, and saw the face of Yui Ikari, laughing at 
her, and chanting. Laughing and laughing, and then she heard Gendou’s cold laugh join 
Yui’s. She reached out and grabbed at Yui’s neck, thinking, {Why can’t you just Die?}
	She squeezed little Rei’s neck with both hands, wringing and throttling the little 
girl, crying angrily as she did so, and seething, “You little Bitch! You’re replaceable, too! 
Did you know that, Rei?! You can be as easily replaced as me!” 
	When Naoko looked down, again, she saw Rei’s little hands go limp, and she 
realized what she had just done. That part of her, that was a mother, felt betrayed for what 
she had done to a child that very well might have been her own. She cried uncontrollably 
as she dropped the little corpse, that only seemed to ooze onto the floor. Then, she 
stepped onto the chair, and onto the console. After that, she only saw the Casper drive 
coming up to meet her as she fell to her death.
	SEELE had no choice but to dissolve Gehirn. In its place, a new organization, 
known as NERV was formed. All of the personnel from Gehirn transferred to NERV, 
except of course for Dr. Naoko Akagi. After the incident, the coroner had managed to 
salvage her brain, and before it died, they were able to place it within the core of the drive 
called Casper, as per the order of Dr. Ritsuko Akagi, who became the new head of the 
technological division. 
	Gendou, who hadn’t been discouraged at all by this, sent a clone of Rei that was 
physically nineteen years of age to the Clamp Academy, University division where she 
would maintain surveillance on Mousse for the next few years, and eventually convince 
him to return to NERV. 
	Rei was sitting on the steps of the library when she saw Mousse sitting by the 
tree, reading a book, and it looked like he didn't want to be bothered, but she wanted to 
talk to him.  So she took the initiative and sat down next to him.         
"Hello,"        
"What is it?"        
"I just noticed you were by yourself here."        
"I like being alone."       
"You don't know what alone is.,” she said.          
"And what do you know about it?" He almost snapped.      
"I know enough, and I know when a person hurts from being alone, because I hurt 
like that too." She told him analytically.     
 	"Are you hurting now?" he asked her.      
"It doesn’t matter.  At least you have a choice." She told him.        
"A choice?"        
"Yes...Oh, by the way my name is Rei Ayanami."
“ I’m Hikaru Ten’ou, but you can call me Mousse."
“Pleased to meet you.” she told him
"You think?" his voiced dripped of sarcasm.
"No.  I know."        
"That was a joke."         
"I don't understand."      
 	"Nevermind, Want some of my lunch.  It's lamb. I made it."        
"I dislike meat." She saw Mousse look down, embarrassed, 
"But, I suppose I could try some." She grabbed the little utensils, cut a piece of 
lamb, and Mousse looked at the deep concentration on her face as she ate the lamb.         
"Hmmm, This is delicious.  You made this?"        
"Yup,"        
"Aren't you staying with the Clamp Detectives?" she asked suddenly.      
 	"Yes, I am. How’d you know?"
	“There’s a poster of the four of you together, on that tree behind you.”
	He looked at the poster, which was very old, and that made him feel nostalgic for 
those days. He wished he could be there, again, with Yui, and Ritsuko. He was still 
brooding over Maya, but if being alone taught him anything, it was that he couldn’t be 
caught brooding on the watch. He still had a sense of hopelessness that wouldn’t leave 
him alone, and the best way he could think to get rid of that was to try to stay active.       
 	They talked for hours after that and Mousse walked her home. There was 
something so familiar about Rei Ayanami that reminded him of Yui, but he tried to 
dismiss that. It only brought back painful memories to think of that.
After a while, they grew to enjoy each other’s company, but they were strangers 
that couldn’t even understand themselves, let alone each other. 
	“Hikaru-kun, where do you go to enjoy yourself?”
	“I don’t really think about entertainment anymore.” He told her.
	“Why not?”
	“Because I only did that with a friend of mine.” He admitted.
	“Where is your friend, now?”
	“She left. She had to make a choice between her career, and myself. She chose her 
career.”
	“Are you angry at her?” Rei asked.
	“No…People make their own decisions in life, and I can’t debate, or begrudge her 
choices. Anyway, she wanted me to go with her, and I refused.”
	“Why did you refuse?” Rei wanted to know.
	“Because it wasn’t right for me to go.” He snapped.
	Rei didn’t even flinch, she asked, “Why wasn’t it right for you?”
	“Because I didn’t feel that was the right place for me.” He told her.
	“You could’ve compromised, and stayed with that person you cared about.” Rei 
reasoned. 
	“I couldn’t think at that time.” He grated.
	“You couldn’t, or didn’t want to?” asked the part of Rei that was Yui. She could 
not believe that Mousse had missed his chance to stay with someone who cared about 
him, because of his stubbornness. 
	“Oh, damn. Looks like we reached your place. Huh?” he said, looking at address 
on the piece of paper she’d given him.
	“You shouldn’t give up on someone you care about because it frightens you to go 
to different places.” She said, as he walked her to the door.
	“I’ll take that into consideration.” He told her, and left.
	Rei heard her cell phone ring, and pressed the RECEIVE button.
	“Yes?”
	“Rei, what is your status?” Gendou asked.
	“I’ve made contact with Gabriel. We have established a relationship, I think.” Rei 
replied, her voice flat and emotionless.
	“That was well done, Rei.” He told her, and then ordered, “Be sure to keep me 
informed.” 
	“Yes sir.”
-------------
Mousse found himself standing in the middle of the middle of that forest, in 
China, of long ago. She was calling to him, and he began to run towards the voice. He 
continued to run until he saw her in the clearing. He wanted to go to her. She still wore 
those jeans, and that outdoor jacket on the last day he saw her. He could still remember 
the smell of her in the morning. It was the smell of the Ivory soap she’d use when she 
gave him a bath. Even though she had stopped giving him baths by then, he could still 
remember that she’d have that smell on her by the time she was done with him. He 
walked up to her, and touched her shoulder, and when she turned to face him, he didn’t 
see his mother’s face. It was the face of Eva he saw, and the thing, he thought was his 
mother, stood up as it turned to face him. He wanted to back away, but then he felt her 
arms around his neck. 
	“Mother?…..No, you’re not…” he choked out. Then, he heard himself scream.
-----------    
He sat up in his bed, and looked to the clock. He couldn’t read the time any since 
his sight had gotten considerably worse since he left the Amazon Village. He hated the 
fact that he had been allowing the problem to get worse. He supposed he didn’t think 
about it too much when he had been with Yui. When he was around her, all his problems 
didn’t seem to matter that much. Now, though, he felt a flaring in his head. The 
headaches were coming too often. He looked out at the moon, which was only a blurry 
yellow speck to him. Frustrated, he lay back down on his bed, and draped his arm over 
his eyes. He looked over at the picture he had of Yui, Ritsuko, and himself at the beach 
on that summer day.
“Yui-san, Ritsuko….I can’t get to sleep.” he groaned, and put the picture down on 
the nightstand.
-----------------
He walked around the campus plaza, at Clamp.
He felt someone grab him, and now he could see Rei, grabbing his arm.
	“Where did you go to?”
	“I’m not really sure.”
	“Hikaru?”
	“Don’t worry about it so much, okay?”
	She nodded, then asked, “Can we go to the game center?”
	He felt the need to say something, “I didn’t think you liked games.”
	“Where did you get that idea?” she asked.
	“You just didn’t seem like the type who liked games.”
	“I want to introduce you to some friends I just met.”
	“Who?” 
“You’ll see.”
He felt really good, having her hold his arm like that. He felt real. The dream still 
bothered him. He wasn’t sure what it meant, but he knew he would have to face it one 
day. Face what? You couldn’t even see what you were dealing with once you saw her. he 
thought, angrily. Then, his head rang, and reached up to grab at his face, as if trying to 
pull something that had just been force into his mind. “Hikaru?”
“Listen, Rei…”
“Come on, we’re almost there.”
“I’m not feeling very well right now.” He groaned.
“Nokoru has a cot in the back. You can rest there.”
He allowed her to pull him to the arcade, and he saw his two best friends take 
each of his arms, and take him to the back. He was relieved to lie down, and for the first 
time since he had left Hakone, he whispered Yui’s name.
When he woke up, and saw Rei’s face, and for one fleeting moment, he could’ve 
sworn it was Yui sitting next to him. She gave him a glass of water as the other two guys 
saw earlier helped him sit up.
“You okay, kid?” Suo asked.
“I’m not a kid,” Mousse told him icily.
“Sorry, it’s just a figure of speech. Besides, you’re still to kid to us.” 
“What are you guys doing here?”
“Watching over you, as usual.”
“I know that.” Mousse bit out.
“Damn. Are you recovering from a hangover?” Nokoru asked.
“I don’t even drink, you know that.” Mousse sneered, looking at them angrily.
“Okay, dude. Okay.” Nokoru said, waving their hands in front of them, trying to 
calm him down.
“I’m sorry, I really don’t mean to be rude to you guys.” Mousse told them, and 
then he stood up, much to Rei’s dismay. He stood up straight, and when he tried to bow 
to the two, he fell over. The two caught him, and placed him back on the cot.
“We’re just glad to see you getting over Maya, dude.” Suo said, slapping Mousse 
hard on the back, earning him a disapproving look from Rei.
After a while, the guys came out of the back, laughing and joking, while Rei stood 
by Mousse indifferently. She smiled when he looked to her, though. She didn’t know 
what had happened earlier, but she wanted him to feel better. They began to walk out of 
the arcade.
Ranko Saotome, the girl Mousse had referred to as a tomboy earlier, stood by the 
window of the arcade. She peered in at the games, and groaned that she had no money, 
and worst, she held her last term paper, which had been on “The influence of Media on 
Society.”  The problem was that the research she did was meager, and all her points were 
based on trite. All in all, it was a bad paper. She knew when she turned it in, but she had 
been thinking about how to get pass the guys in the morning. She knew martial arts, but 
she was absolutely the worst procrastinator. She crumpled up the paper, and groaned, “I 
can’t show this to my sister, she’ll be ragging on me all week.” And that was when she 
turned to walk on, as she tossed the paper over head.
It landed on Mousse’s head, and complained, “What the hell are you up to, you 
tomboy?” 
“Who are you calling a ‘tomboy’, you jerk?” she began, as she spun around to 
face him, and that made her wish she hadn’t. “A 30. You should study a lot more, you 
tomboy.” He teased her, and that made her, groan in embarrassment. 
“Don’t you know how to do a research paper? Next time you should pick an 
easier subject.” Rei commented.
“Who are you?” Ranko asked, putting her fist to Rei’s face.
“That’s not your business, you imbecilic tomboy.” Rei told her flatly.
“Why you!’
“Why am I what?” Rei asked, her expression bored.
“You can’t say that to me.”
“It’s not my fault you can’t spell, either.” 
“Rei!” Mousse snapped, giving her a doubtful look.
“Hey, look! I don’t need this static from you!” Ranko yelled, bringing out a large 
mallet, and screamed, “Take this!” 
The mallet was about to hit Mousse on the head, but he stopped it with his hand, 
by pushing back the blunt end, and snapped, “Are a psycho, or something? What is the 
matter with you?”
“She has to be aggressive, for she has no other constructive way of showing her 
emotions.” Rei commented, looking at Ranko with disgust.
“You want a piece of this, too, Casper the Snobby ghost?” Ranko asked, waving 
the mallet at her.
“The next stage of conflict for a primitive such as her is to resort to insulting.” Rei 
said. This time, she smiled because she could see Ranko turn red, as she held the mallet 
over her head like Thor’s Sister.
“Take that back!” Ranko bellowed.
“Once again, she resorts to violence.” Rei smiled.
“Who the hell are you to analyze me, you pale blue-haired bitch?” Ranko shouted, 
as strands of her hair stood out.
“An adult,” Rei answered flatly, “Something you’re not at this moment.”
“I am an adult!” Ranko yelled.
“You are an ill-tempered, stubborn, lazy,” this Rei said as she waved Ranko’s 
mediocre term paper in her face, “child.”    
“Rei,” Mousse snapped, making Rei look away angrily, and then he turned to face 
Ranko, “Look, I’m sure you’ve got some good things about you, but you just have to 
hone them, that’s all. I just said you should study more.” He told her, offering her back 
the crumpled paper.
Then, Ranko grabbed the paper out of his hand, and walked off, puffing.
“Strange girl.” Mousse muttered 
“A strange girl that’s not worth your time, Hikaru. She’ll only hurt you, if you try 
to get close to her.” Rei warned.
“I’m not so sure about that. There’s something about her.”
“Yes.” Rei told him, “Anger.”
“Spunkiness.” He argued.
“Stubbornness.” She snapped, looking at him, still looking after Ranko. 
“Persistence.” He smiled.
“Stupidity.” She spat, trying to get his attention.
“Naivete.” He laughed, looking back to Rei. She let go of his arm, and walked 
back into arcade, not looking back. “Hey, wait! Rei!” he called, going after her. He saw 
her sit down at the bar, next to Suo.
“Don’t worry about me too much.” Rei told him when he caught up to her.
“Rei, what’s wrong?” 
“I believe it’s rude to be looking after another girl, while you’re holding one 
already.” She snapped, looking away.
“Rei, I was only playing. She’s a bit too violent for my taste, and I like you a little 
better than her.” He told her, placing a hand on her shoulder. He wasn’t even sure why he 
was looking after Ranko. He felt as if he’d somehow known her before. It was strange. It 
was like the image he’d seen earlier. He felt his head fill with these visions and could not 
let go. 
“A little?” Rei asked over her shoulder, her crimson eyes cold.
“Alright. You’re one of the only friends I have right now.” He told her, putting a 
hand on her shoulder. 
“Really?” She asked, facing him. 
“Yes, you are.”
She took his hand, and held it, and softly told him, “I am sorry I acted unfriendly 
towards you.” Then, she looked at him with that angry look again, “But I am not sorry for 
what I said to her.”
He nodded, letting out a resigned sigh. Then, he sat down next to her. Nokoru 
came out with a coat. “Hey, I thought you guys were going to wait outside for me.”
“We changed our minds.” Rei told him.
Suo saw all this, and wondered when they would announce their engagement, or 
maybe they were already engaged. He had seen Rei argue with that other girl outside, and 
then he saw Mousse, and her talk. Then, she got angry, marching back into the arcade, 
and as Suo expected, Mousse followed her in. {They are a perfect couple. He just doesn’t 
know it yet. Come to think of it, she reminds me a little of Yui-san.}
--------------
Mousse looked at the pair of reading glasses he held in his hands, and turned them 
around, constantly. He examined them, and sighed in resignation. Accepting the fact that 
he had to wear reading glasses for a long time to come.
	“You’ve been told to wear glasses?” Rei asked now.
	“Yes. The doctor said that a lot of my headaches have been getting worse due to 
eyestrain. I thought it was something else, but-”
	“You’ve never needed them before, why would you have to start wearing them 
now?”
	“I get headaches, and sometimes it feels like a migraine. Rei, can I tell you 
something?” he asked, looking around warily. She nodded.
	“I’ve been having ……..dreams, lately. I’m not sure why, but they seem so real.”
	“What kind of dreams?” Rei asked as she lifted a cup of tea to her lips.
	“A world ending.” He answered simply.
	“You’ve been reading too much fiction.” Rei told him.
	“I’m not really into fiction, Rei.” He told her, keeping his voice from sounding 
shaky, he went on to say, “That’s what’s strange. I feel like what’s in my dream is really 
going to happen. Almost like…..”
	“Destiny?” Rei finished, looking at him analytically, and for the second time since 
she met him, she felt that hopelessness he seemed to carry around. She felt that he was 
scared, not that she could sympathize, but it was unsettling seeing him like this. She 
thought, That sounds more like superstition. What’s that word?…..Omen? No, that’s not 
it. Right, that sounds like a… she didn’t want to finish that thought, but it came back to 
her anyway, premonition.
	“Destiny? That’s a light way of putting it. I’m usually not the type that believes in 
superstition, or that sort of thing. Although, Rei, it felt like what would be called a 
premonition.” He had leaned over and whispered the last word to her. “That means that a 
person will have a preconceived vision of their own demise, or someone else’s.”
	“You’re not going to die, Hikaru.” Rei told him, straight faced. That part of her, 
that was Yui, wanted to comfort him, and tell him nothing was wrong, but she could not 
do that. Something about Rei was stopping her from doing so.
	“I know…..It sounds rather silly to you, but that’s what it felt like to me.” He 
finished. He took a notebook out of his bag, and began to scribble in it.
	“Hikaru, put your glasses on.” Rei told him.
	“Hold on, Rei, I need to write this down.” He told her, as he scribbled into the 
notebook. He was making a crude drawing of what he saw in the dream. He drew a 
slanted surface, which represented the horizon, and then he drew a tall wave with three 
layers, and scattered about on the floor were a bunch of stick figures lying in halves or 
just shattered. Then, he drew half a stick figure standing up, and circled it. After finishing 
the drawing, he handed it to her.
	“That’s what I saw, and you see that figure half-in half-out?” he asked.
	“The one that’s circled? What about it?” Rei asked.
	“That’s me…..”
	“Hikaru, it was just a dream.” She told him flatly.
	“Don’t you understand? It felt like more than that, Rei.” He snapped, and then 
sighed to calm himself down. “Fine. If you don’t believe me, that’s okay.” 
	“Hikaru, I am not the type of person that pays attention to that sort of thing. So, it 
really does not mean a lot to me.” 
	“That is okay. I’m sorry if I made you feel uncomfortable, Rei.”
	“Hikaru, no. You haven’t. Listen, you still have exams, do you not?” 
	“Yes, I do. Six in all, mostly math.” He answered.
	“Then, try concentrating on those. But as your friend, I ask that you please wear 
your reading glasses for all that. You’ve never needed them before, have you?”
	“No. Actually, I started getting headaches that day at the arcade. I haven’t been 
able to get rid of them, since. It goes away for a little while, but when it comes back, it’s 
much worse.” He shrugged, “You’re right. I’m worrying too much over nothing.”
	“Yes, you are.” 
	“I’ll study tonight, then.”
	“We’re not going to have dinner together, then?” Rei asked.
	“Oh, of course we are.” He told her, “I’ll pick you up at eight.”
	“Fine, then. And Hikaru, don’t worry so much. It was just a dream, so don’t worry 
yourself about it.”
	“I’ll try not to. Rei, don’t worry about me so much.”
	“Knowing you would make anyone worry, Hikaru.”
	“Also, I’ve made a decision. I want to look for my parents.”
	“Didn’t you say that they were killed in a fire?”
	“I know, but I checked the records for that house, and even though it does say that 
the house belonged to Achika Masaki, I think it’s wrong. I think about it now, and I know 
that they might’ve moved in the time that I was gone. I also think that there’s an equally 
good chance that they might’ve stayed in the same house. I’ll at least go to the house I 
knew, and see if the people there might know something as to why they moved to 
Tokyo.”
	“I presume your mother moved to Tokyo so she could look for you, did she not?”
	“I’ve thought about that, Rei, but the house was also attached to a shrine. I don’t 
think that my parents would’ve left there so easily. I mean, my mother was supposed to 
have been the next keeper for the shrine.”
	“Hikaru, how do you know all this?”
	“I remember that I used to live in a large house that was near a shrine. I also 
remember my grandfather.”
	“Hikaru, how old were you when you ‘left’ home?”
	“I was six, I think. Why, Rei?”
	“Don’t you think that these ‘memories’ are awfully convenient for you to 
believe?”
	“What do you mean by that?”
	“Hikaru, I realize that you did love your parents a great deal, and while your 
remembering them is honorable, you still seem to be letting their death have a hold on 
your life. I’m sure they would want you to move on.”
	“Look, Rei, if you’re not going to help me…”
	“I do want to help you, Hikaru. The first step you have to take, though, is 
closure.”
	“You mean just forgetting about my parents?”
	“They are gone. As hard as it is for you to believe that, you must move on.”
	He looked at Rei, and felt almost betrayed at her words. He wanted to tell Rei 
about his dream the night before. He didn’t want to believe that his mother wanted him to 
join her in the grave. He felt her trying to pull him back to her. Someone else was pulling 
him, though. He felt a familiar presence in that ghost he saw.
	He heard the bell ring above the café’s entrance door. He heard a child’s voice, 
and saw a little kid, with short brown hair, running toward him.
	“Big brother.” The kid yelled, happily.
	“Oh, hello, Shinji.” Mousse laughed, looking at Shinji.
	“Where’d you go?”
	“I had to take care of school, Shinji.”
	“Why didn’t you stay at home?”
	Mousse didn’t answer. He was afraid to tell Shinji that it wasn’t home anymore, 
and he didn’t want to feel like he had abandoned Shinji. He saw an elderly woman, who 
looked like an older version of Yui, except with longer hair. She came up to Mousse, 
now, and sat down across from him. She only watched as Shinji seemed to be saying as 
much as he could. She hadn’t known Shinji to talk a lot, not since Gendou had left him on 
her doorstep, and left him there.
	Yui’s older sister said, “Hello, Hikaru…It’s been a long time.” 
	“Yes, it has, ma’am. How are you these days?”
	“My husband and I were thinking of leaving Japan, but we can’t leave without 
taking Shinji, and we’re afraid that his father might not approve.”
	“Gendou? He doesn’t….I don’t think he’ll mind.” Mousse said, trying to hide the 
tenseness in his voice.
	“Now Listen, Hikaru, I know what you may think of him, but he does provide him 
with tuition, and funding for his daily needs.”
	“It’s more of an obligation to him. Ma’am, were you going to ask me for 
something?” Mousse prodded gently. 
	“I want to know if you could take care of Shinji while we go handle some 
business.”
	Mousse didn’t answer right away. Then he thought about the promise he made to 
Yui. He inclined his head slowly.
	“You will, then?”
	“Yes. I’ll look after him…but for your sister’s sake…not for Gendou.”
	“Of course…It’s only for a short time, Hikaru.”
	“You can take as long a time as you need, ma’am. Leave Shinji to me.”
	“Did you hear that Shinji?” asked Shinji’s aunt.
	“Big brother, really?”
	Mousse nodded, smiled down at Shinji, and said, “Of course.”
	“Come with me, then, Shinji. We have to get you packed up.”
	Shinji smiled up at Mousse, and walked backed to his aunt. He seemed to change 
in those few seconds. He was no longer smiling, he just stood by his aunt with no 
expression. Mousse watched him leave, and even the way Shinji walked was heavy in his 
footsteps, like he didn’t want to go with this aunt.
	Rei looked at Mousse, who was still distracted, and waited for him to turn back to 
her.
	“I’m sorry.”
	“About what?”
	“That I didn’t introduce you.”
	“It doesn’t matter…Why did you agree to take care of him?”
	“I owe Yui everything. She wanted Shinji to have everything.”
	“She wanted the same for you, as well. Did she not?”
	“I know. That’s precisely why I decided to take care of Shinji. I’ll give him what 
Gendou never even bothered to give me.”
	“Hikaru, did you want something from Gendou?”
	“I wanted him to leave me alone.”
	“Shinji is already alone.”
	“That’s not the point, Rei. I don’t think Gendou understands what it is to have 
family. I’ll give Shinji the family that Yui wanted for him.”
	“You surprise me, Hikaru…Many times.”
Continued…
Closing Theme: Fly Me to the Moon
----------- 
Trailer…
---------- 
Mousse: I’m not totally convinced that my family is dead. I know what I saw all those 
years ago, but there has to be more.
Rei: Hikaru, I don’t think you should pursue this.
Hikaru: I have to, if there is any way for me to be at peace about this.
Rei: You’re search for the truth may be your undoing.
Hikaru: I thought you were my friend.
Rei: It is because I’m your friend that I advise you not to look, (V.O.) Ikari is watching 
you.
Mousse: Next on Phoenix is Closer to the Lie…
--------------
