The Phoenix Chronicles Chapter Three: Getting Settled. It’s Tough When 
You’re A Kid.
Opening Theme: Thesis of a Cruel Angel
---------------
As for Yui, she was very kind, and tried to spend time with Mousse despite her 
schedule as a student that kept her from being home a lot. Mousse really felt better when 
she was around.  
Later, Yui announced that she would be marrying Gendou Rokubungi,  and 
Mousse chose to distance himself from her because she loved Gendou. What she saw in 
him, Mousse would never know.  
He remembered that day she took him to the park. That was where she told him. 
“Really? You’re going to Marry him?
“Yes, we’ve been seeing a lot of each other, and I think he’s great.”
Mousse could barely hide his surprise. He’d met Gendou when she invited him to 
dinner on a few occasions. As soon she left the room, he gave Mousse a slight snarl. At 
one point, he even told Mousse, “Listen, you little brat, if you spoil my chances with Yui, 
I won’t be so forgiving. Remember, I know where you live.”
Reflecting on that, Mousse, didn’t think Gendou was the right person for Yui. She 
had been his light since his family died in that gas main accident. He did not want 
someone like Gendou to put it out.
“It’s just a little hard to imagine you and him together.”
“He’s really very nice. People just don’t know him. We’ll get to know him 
together.”
{In this case, I think not knowing is better.} he thought, walking a little faster.
She pulled on his shoulder so he could face her. He had that same look on his face 
when he first arrived at her house. It wasn’t fair, she thought, if she wanted to be with 
Gendou, she would be sacrificing her relationship with Mousse. No matter what, Mousse 
was a perfect gentleman about many things, but she understood if he was a little angry at 
her for making this decision. 
She thought, if only Mousse knew what kind of person Gendou could be, how 
kind he was, how kind he could be if given the chance. Maybe, once Gendou got used to 
Hikaru, he would treat him just as kindly. She really thought that Mousse hadn’t seen 
how Gendou really was. 
“Hikaru, do you love me?”
“You know I do, Yui-san…If he makes you happy, then do it. My opinion 
shouldn’t matter.”
“It does to me,”
“Even if I tell you that I don’t like him, you’ll still marry him. Won’t you?”
She hesitated.
“Don’t listen to me. I’m just a kid. I’ve been on my own before, so…”
“You’re leaving?”
“Knowing Rokubungi-san, he’ll probably send me to Clamp to live at the dorms. 
But I won’t be alone there. The guys are there.”
“I know,” She said, in her best controlled voice. She really didn’t like the Clamp 
boys, they got into a lot of dangerous situations, and Mousse acted as on of the 
bodyguards, to insure the safety of that Nokuru brat. 
“Listen, Hikaru, I love you, too. For me, please try to get along with him.”
She didn’t realize how big a favor she was asking, but Mousse nodded, and 
strained to smile. 
She hugged him tightly, “Great! I promise you, Hikaru, we’ll make this work. I’ll 
talk to him about keeping you at home. I love you too much to let you get hurt.”
“Me too, Yui-san,” he stayed for her, but the understanding relationship she 
hoped for never surfaced.
(2000)
After the wedding, Mousse distanced himself from Yui. It got to the point where 
he barely saw her anymore. He would come home from school, in the limousine that Yui 
sent. 
On the lighter side, he did meet a friend at Clamp, besides Nokoru and the others.
He went into science class, and found it empty. Except, there was one kid in the 
class besides him. The other kid looked at his book intently, and didn’t seem to notice 
Mousse had come in.  The boy had the same uniform as Mousse, and seemed to be a tad 
older than he was. Also, the boy had a crop of wild black hair. Mousse was about to leave 
when he heard the boy speak.
“The silence is good. Don’t you think?” 
“Well, it depends.” Mousse replied uneasily.
“Depends on what? Is it not better to have silence than the rambling of other noisy 
children around you?”
“Actually, I wouldn’t know.”
“Where did you grow up? A secluded village?” the boy almost snapped.
“Actually, yes.” Mousse told him, flatly.
“Ah, I see. You’re Hikaru Ten’ou. Am I right?” the boy asked.
“How do you know my name?” 
“Everyone knows your name. You’re the new transfer student. I suppose you’ll 
want to know my name, now. Won’t you?” 
“That would be nice.” Mousse muttered.
“Don’t mutter. It’s a bad habit.” The boy told him, standing out of his seat, and 
coming over to meet him. He bowed slightly, “I am Kamui.”
“Really? I haven’t heard that name before.”
“I suppose you find it unique. Well, I am Kamui Shirou. I’m pleased to meet you. 
By the way, where are you going from here?”
“I usually go home, but I really don’t feel like going home these days.”
“At least you have a home. Say, I want you to meet some friends of mine.”
“I’m not sure if they’d accept me.”
“Come now. If you know me, then they’ll welcome you as well.”
“Well, okay.”
----------- 
	Kamui had his hand on Mousse’s shoulder while he introduced Mousse to his two 
best friends. One of them was a girl, about Mousse’s age. She had light brown hair, 
which was shoulder-length and wavy. She also had blue eyes, and long lashes. She 
blushed somewhat when Kamui looked to her. The boy standing next to her was taller 
than Mousse. He had black hair, which was combed back, and he was taller than Mousse.
	“This is Fuuma,” Kamui said, referring to the boy, “and this is Kotori Mono. The 
two are brother and sister. We’ve known each other since we were kids. We’re sort of a 
club.”
	“You want in?” Fuuma asked.
	 “Yeah,” Mousse smiled, “That’d be great.”
	“We might be going to the festival this weekend. You want to come with us?” 
Kotori asked.
	“Sure,”
	“Kamui, you’re going too, right?” 
	“Of course, Kotori. I’ve got to be there to show our new friend around.”
	She frowned at that, somewhat. Mousse noticed that, and quickly added, “Hey, I 
might have to do something this weekend.”
	“Well, postpone it,” Kamui said, “You can’t live your whole life buried in a book, 
Hikaru. Besides, this will be good for you. Now, where do you live?”
	“I live at that building that’s a block away from the academy. It’s the Takaya 
building, in apartment 1C.”
	“We’ll be there Saturday morning, around nine, and pick you up.”
	“You really don’t have to do that, Kamui.”
	“Why not?”
	Mousse couldn’t answer, and felt accepted with Kamui, Fuuma, and Kotori. He 
was beginning to love Clamp Academy. Since he arrived there, he had met Ritsuko, and 
now Kamui. He had also found friends in the Clamp boys, or they found him. He was 
beginning to think of Clamp as a second home. The first home he found was with Yui, of 
course. 
	“Hey. Thanks.” 
	“That’s what friends are for. Hikaru.”
	“Friends?”
	“Yeah…Of course.”
-------------- 
	Yui woke up, and walked around the apartment early Saturday morning. She went 
into the kitchen, and was about to start up breakfast. She saw that Mousse was already 
making breakfast. 
	“Hikaru, why are you up this early?”
	“Well, Yui-san, I thought I should at least do this before I leave.”
	“You do enough. I would’ve let you sleep in.”
	“It’s all right. Anyway, I’m just waiting for my friends.”
	“Not Nokoru, and those others?”
	“No, Yui-san. I don’t see what you have against them.”
	“Just the fact that they get you into trouble is enough for me.”
	He added the last four pancakes to the stack of ten, which were already piled on 
the large plate. Beside that was a plate of sausage, and bacon. 
	“Where did you learn to make all this?” 
	“Akira-san taught me. This is what they call an American Breakfast.”
	“I’m not sure you can eat all this, Hikaru.”
	“It’s not for me, Yui-san.” 
	They both fell silent as soon as Gendou came into the kitchen. 
	Mousse didn’t meet his cold glare, he just faced the stove, turning everything off, 
and muttered, “I made it for you, Yui-san, and Gendou-san.”
	“What makes you think we’ll eat that garbage, brat?”
	There was a knock at the door, and Mousse went answer it. He ignored whatever 
Gendou had told him, as usual. He opened the door, and saw Kamui standing there, clad 
in black, like Fuuma. Only Kotori wore a light, flower-patterned kimono.”
	“Are you ready, Hikaru?” 
	That was when he realized he was still wearing the dark blue apron. He took it 
off, and went into the kitchen to put it back. He saw Yui watching Gendou angrily as he 
tipped the plates of breakfast into the garbage. 
	Mousse put the apron away, looked at Yui, and signaled he was leaving. She 
inclined her head, and gave him an affectionate gaze. After flashing his thumb up, he 
went out of the kitchen. After a moment, she went to catch him before he left. 
	She saw him standing at the door, with his friends, putting on his shoes at the 
foyer. As soon as he stood up again, she put her hands on his shoulders. He looked up at 
her, then he looked at Kamui and the other two.
	“Hikaru, would you introduce me to your friends?”
	“Uh, sure. Guys, this my guardian, Yui Ikari.”
	Kamui bowed respectfully, along with the other two. Then, Mousse turned to face 
her, “Yui-san, This is Kamui Shirou, Fuuma Monou, and his sister, Kotori.”
	“Pleased to meet you, ma’am.” Kamui said humbly.
	“How very polite. Well, I trust you two will take care of Hikaru.” Yui said warily, 
and looking them over.
	Kamui couldn’t help wondering how comfortable Mousse seemed with Yui. He 
figured they were pretty close, but they just seemed a little too close. He dismissed it, and 
looked up at Yui.
	“Leave it to us, ma’am.”
	“Good. Take care, Hikaru.” Yui said gently.
---------------------		
	A few months later, Mousse hadn’t seen Kamui at school for a whole week. He 
got so worried that he went to Kamui’s house, although he regretted it soon afterward.
	He knocked at the large wooden gate three times, and no one answered. He tried it 
again, four more times. He turned to leave, and heard the large gate creak open. There 
stood a tall severe woman with a mane of long black hair, and her face was twisted into a 
sort of scowl.
	“What do you want?”
	“I’m looking for Kamui. Are you his mother?”
	“Indeed. What do want from my son?”
	“I was just wondering if I could talk to him.”
	“Why would my son speak to the likes of you, orphan?”
	“I’m sorry. I really didn’t mean to disturb you. I-”
	“Is that all, boy?”
	“Well, just tell Kamui that I’ll see him when he gets better.”
	“And who said he was ill. He does not wish to speak to you. Go home, boy.”
	“Yes, ma’am.”
	“Also, don’t bother him with such nonsense, anymore.”
----------------
Mousse went home, not knowing if he had done anything wrong, or if he had said 
anything to Kamui. He just felt as though he was some sort of animal. Kamui’s mother 
was disgusted with him.
He wanted to cry, but he didn’t want Yui to see that he was upset. He didn’t want 
Yui to confront Kamui’s mother, either. So, he took a deep breath, and stepped into the 
apartment.
"How was your day, Hikaru?" Yui asked, smiling. Gendou was sitting next to her.
"Fine, I guess." he muttered, heading for his room.
	"Listen, Child. When Yui speaks to you, you must address her in the proper 
manner." Gendou barked. 
	"I heard her." Mousse said, without facing him, and it caught him completely by 
surprise when Gendou grabbed his arm, and punched him in the jaw. 
	"Listen to me, you little brat," Gendou seetheed. "When Yui speaks to you, you 
listen. If  you-" He felt Yui snatch Mousse from his Gendou's grasp. 
	"Don't you touch him! Do you hear me, Gendou?"
	"The boy just needs a little discipline, Yui."
	"Not like that, Gendou. If you touch him again, you will be the one leaving." 
	Mousse tore out of her grasp, and faced both of them. "You can stay together for 
all I care!" he yelled, holding his bruised cheek. "I don't want to stay here, anymore." 
with that, he ran out the front door. Yui looked at Gendou, angrily.
	"I will go look for him. If you ever touch him again, I will hate you. Do you 
understand? I will want nothing to do with you."
	Yui went out the front door, calling Mousse's name.
	She found him in the playground at the local park. He was sitting on top of the 
slide, his knees held to his chest, crying. She went around, and stood beside the ladder. 
	"Hikaru,"
	"I understand if you want me to leave." he sobbed.
	"I don't want you to leave, Hikaru." Yui told him, climbing two steps up, so she 
could see his face. 
	"I told you it's OK. I hate that man. I want nothing to do with him. Why would 
you? No, I shouldn't ask you that."
	"Hikaru, I'm beginning to ask myself that." 
	"Really?" he asked, looking up. She nodded, smiling. 
	He hugged her, and she felt so relieved that he didn't hate her. Then, she held him 
out so she could look at him. She saw his face, streaked with tears, and took out a 
handkerchief so she could dry his face off. 
	"Hikaru, listen to me. Gendou will be going to Antarctica for the next six months. 
Maybe we can spend some time together then."
	"Really?"
	"Mm-hmm." 
	He hugged her even tighter. "Thank you, Yui-san." he muttered, and thought, 
{When I catch up to her, I’m gonna marry her.} for Mousse could never think of her as a 
mother. He knew who his mother was, and although Yui was kind to him, he could only 
think about her as a teacher. She was a teacher he now had a crush on, and his years with 
her would prove to be harder, because he would have to share her with Gendou.
	Not too far away, Gendou watched all this, and swore to make little brat suffer as 
much as he could.
----------- 
	Mousse heard some knocking on his window around midnight. He went to the 
window, and saw Kamui standing outside. Mousse opened up, let him in, then closed the 
window before the wind took over his room.
	“Kamui, do you know how late it is?”
	“I heard what my mom told you. I’m sorry about that.”
	“It’s alright.”
	“No, Hikaru. It’s not ok. She’s a little protective of me. Sometimes, she gets 
really strange.”
	“I understand. So is Yui-san.”
	“Yui-san’s a little more than that, Hikaru.”
	“What’s that supposed to mean?”
	“Nothing. Hikaru, I also came to tell you that she’s sending me to my aunt’s 
house in Tokyo 2. So, I won’t be able to see you guys anymore. Take care Kotori for me, 
alright?”
	Mousse inclined his head, and muttered, “So, you’re leaving, too.”
	“Hikaru, buddy, it’s not because I want to. I have no choice. Meet me at Fuuma’s 
house, tomorrow. We can put something together, maybe. Go to a movie, or something.”
	“Sure.”
	Kamui went over to the window, and climbed out. Right before he jumped to the 
ground, he whispered, “See you tomorrow, alright?”
	“Yeah…”
------------ 
	“Hikaru-kun,” Kotori said as Mousse arrived at hers and Fuuma’s house, “Kamui 
isn’t here, yet.”
	“He’ll make it, Kotori. Kamui doesn’t make a promise he can’t keep…especially 
to you.” Mousse said, still breathing hard from the run he made there.
	She blushed at that, “Oh, you…” 
	“Well, Hikaru. I guess we won’t be seeing much of each other, either.”
	“What are you talking about, Fuuma?”
	“We’ll be moving to another house.”
	“In Tokyo 2?”
	“Well, no. It’s pretty far from Clamp Academy, though. So, we’ll be transferring 
to another school.”
	“So, this is goodbye.”
	“Hikaru, we don’t want to leave. Our parents want to leave.”
	“Yes Fuuma, I know…Well, you guys take care.”
	“Hey, Hikaru-kun, we’re not leaving yet.” Kotori giggled.
“That’s right. Kamui called us here so we could go out, and have a good time, 
right?”
Mousse inclined his head when he heard Kamui calling to them. “Hey, guys, sorry 
I’m late. I was packing the last of my things.”
“It’s alright, Kamui.”
“Well, let’s go, then.”
---------
	They were in front of Fuuma’s house again. Kotori was crying as she hugged 
Kamui, as he looked to Mousse who just shrugged.
	“Kami-chan, can’t you come with us?” she sobbed.
	“Look, we’ll see each other again, Kotori.”
	“It doesn’t look like it!”
	“Sure we will.” He told her, putting his arms around her. She let go of him, and 
went over to Mousse. “Take care of yourself, alright?”
	“I’ll try to.”
	“No, you’d better Hikaru-kun. I’m serious.” she hugged him, holding him tightly, 
and kissed his cheek.
	He blushed at that slightly, hugging her back.
	“Well, you guys take care, alright?” Kamui told Mousse and Fuuma, who only 
nodded. He looked to Mousse, and said, “You try coming out that shell of yours. You 
spend too much time worrying about what others think.”
	“I know,” now it was his turn, “You’ve been a good friend, Kamui. Fuuma, it’s 
been good to know you. Take care of Kotori.”
	“You know I will, Hikaru. When I’m old enough, We’ll come back. Right 
Kotori?”
	“Yes.” she sobbed.
	“When I’m grown up enough, Hikaru, I’ll come back too.”
	“I might not be here by then, you guys.”	
	“You’d better be, because I’m coming back to keep an eye on you, to make sure 
you’re alright.”
	“I appreciate your concern, Kamui.”
	“Don’t give me that. You keep forgetting that I’ve known you for some time. That 
means I know when your moods. Cheer up. We’ll be back.”
	Mousse left the three standing there, and looked back to see them looking at him. 
He waved at them one last time. 
(2000)
	Those next few months after Gendou left, he supposed, were the best months of 
his young life, with Yui. He couldn’t have wished for anything better, and didn’t. 
However, Gendou’s impending arrival was a shadow that loomed over him. That 
didn’t matter, now. He loved Yui, he’d take twenty beatings from Gendou if it meant 
spending time with Yui.
June 17th
He was putting some sun-tan lotion in his backpack, getting ready to go to the 
beach. Yui was wearing a two-piece swimsuit, and some sandals. She caught Mousse 
looking at her a couple of times, and although she gave him a hint of a disapproving look, 
she smiled inside. He was so shy sometimes, he looked like he would just fold up and 
blow away, but it was good to see him get a little bold. 
	“Did you put the beach chairs in the car?” Yui asked.
	“Yes, Yui-san.”
	“Did you get the three towels I asked you to get?”
	“Yes, but why three?”
	“You’ll see.”
	Mousse heard someone knock on the apartment door. When he went to the door 
to answer it, he saw a tall girl with brown hair, wearing a one piece blue bathing suit Her 
brown hair was short, and she had two bangs on the front. Yui came to the door, and saw 
Mousse let the girl in. 
	“Hikaru, this is Ritsuko Akagi. She also goes to your school.”
	“Hello,” Mousse said, meekly. Yui put her hand on his shoulder, making him look 
up at her. He didn’t know what Yui, wanted him to do with Ritsuko. She seemed nice, 
but Mousse always hesitated when it came to talking to anyone he didn’t know. Yui 
wished she could have taken him in sooner. She wondered how badly he must have been 
treated for him to shut off like that. {If I ever meet the ones that did this to you, they will 
have a lot to answer for.} she thought. 
	Ritsuko looked at the younger kid and thought, {He reminds me of those children 
that would be in that foster assignment program, and he sure doesn’t look like her.}   
Finally, she decided to speak up, and asked, “What’s your name?”
	“I am Hikaru Ten’ou. I am in seventh grade at Clamp Academy.” He told her.
	“Hey, I just asked your name, not your life story.” She replied, making him lower 
his head. That earned Ritsuko a scolding look from Yui. 
“That’s okay. Why don’t we get going?” She quickly added, putting a hand on his 
shoulder. He looked up at her, and he was still a little embarrassed, but he was able to 
make a small smile. Ritsuko looked at Yui over his shoulder, and saw a trace of that 
scowl fade little by little. 
It was the best summer of his life. Yui smiled while he took the beach gear out of 
the van. 
“Is that heavy?” Ritsuko asked.
“Not really.” Mousse told her.
“Okay. Just wondering.” 
“Ritsuko, help him.” Yui almost snapped.
“Yes, ma’am.” Ritsuko replied, grabbing two of the bags he was carrying, and 
playfully stuck out her tongue out at him, making him look down somewhat. She nudged 
him in the side. He looked up at her, and managed a smile.
“Geez, cheer up. You look like you’re ready to dry up, and blow away.”
“Sorry.”
“Don’t apologize. That’s your problem.”
“Sorry.”
She went to his other side, and put her arm around him. “It’s ok. We all make 
mistakes, kid. We all have our little dilemmas. It’s just a matter of getting a grip on them, 
so they don’t surprise you.”
“You don’t know my dilemmas.” he muttered.
Then, he looked at the ocean, and remembered, {Oh no. I just remembered. Wait, 
that’s why I bought the wet suit for.}
 “Yui-san, listen. I have to go to the restroom to change.” Mousse told her.
“Ok, we’ll meet you at our towel.”
He took his sports bag, and went to the restroom. He grabbed two tee shirts, and 
wrapped them around his upper torso.
He came out, and joined Yui at the towel site. He sat down, next to Ritsuko, who 
was digging her feet into the sand. He sat down next to her, and buried his own feet in the 
sand. He saw a bottle thrust into his face, and found that it was Yui’s hand holding it in 
front of him.
“Here, put some on.” she told him.
“I’ll be fine, Yui-san.” he told her, a little too quickly.
“You’re sure?”
“Of course, I’m sure. Ha, ha, ha.” He chuckled nervously.
Then, Ritsuko stood up next to him, and bent down to take his hand. “Come on, 
kid. It’s time to get your sea legs.”
He took his sunglasses out of his sports bag, and put them on. “See? I’ll be fine.”
Ritsuko looked to Yui, who pushed him to stand up.
“Yui-san, I’ll be fine. You and Ritsuko should go and swim.”
“I want to make sure you’ll have fun, too. Otherwise, there’s not much point to us 
being here, is there?” she winked.
Ritsuko pulled him up, and took his arm once he stood up, “Hikaru, let’s try to 
have fun. Okay?”
“Okay.” he sighed, allowing her to pull him towards the ocean. He could feel his 
heart beating faster as they approached the shore. {If she finds out about me, she might 
not want to be with me. What can I do?} 
Then, he thought about silly kid games he never got to play. Then, he 
remembered one of those chasing games. He carefully slid his arm out of hers before they 
reached the wet shore. Then, he put his hand on her shoulder, and said, “Tag. You’re it.” 
Then, he went running into the shallow water, and dove before anyone could 
notice the change. Ritsuko followed suit, and swam after Mousse, who was now in 
female form. 
Ritsuko could only see Mousse’s wet suit, which gave him away. She was able to 
swim faster than her, though. So, Ritsuko didn’t actually get to touch her. She swam a 
little faster, and finally grabbed onto Mousse’s neck. That made Mousse dive deeper, and 
wanting to stay on the surface, Ritsuko let go. 
Mousse began to swim towards the shore, and swam into someone. She quickly 
placed her feet on the ocean floor, and stood in the water, which was now shoulder high.
She bowed several times, and said, “I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to. Really.”
Then, she looked up to see Yui looking down at him.
“It’s alright. You know, girl, you seem to be wearing the same suit as a kid I 
know.”
“Well, I wouldn’t know about that.” Mousse chuckled.
“Well, what’s your name?” Yui asked.
“Hikar-” then she brought both hands to cover her mouth. Then, he dove, and 
began to swim away. Yui swam pretty well, so she caught up to Mousse pretty easily.
“You swim pretty fast, Hikaru.”
“Thanks, I- Yui-san!” 
“Hello, Hikaru. We’ll have to talk about this when we get home, you know.”
“Yes ma’am.” Mousse groaned. Then, Yui splashed her, and she began to paddle 
the water at Yui. Ritsuko saw them, and splashed both of them, and Mousse dove again.
“Was it something I said?” Ritsuko wondered. Yui shrugged. 
Mousse came up behind her, and dove backwards, pulling Ritsuko with him. The 
two popped out. That was when Ritsuko noticed that Mousse looked a tad thinner.
“Sorry, I didn’t tell you sooner.” Mousse sighed.
“It’s cool. Friends try to understand each other. We are friends, right?”
	She looked at Ritsuko, and smiled.
-----------------
	They had gotten to Ritsuko’s house, dropped her off. Yui, and Mousse waved 
good-bye to Ritsuko, and Yui headed for their quarters.
	“Hikaru, why did you wear that body-suit?”
	Mousse went completely red, and turned to face her slowly.
	“Well, I usually wear a body suit to the beach.”
	“On a hot day?” She asked, glancing at him.
	“You know about my curse, don’t you?” 
	“Just tell me how it happened, Hikaru?”
	He explained how he jumped into the Spring of Drowned Woman to save a 
drowning little girl, and how he got stuck with that form thereafter.
	“Is that why you kept your distance from Ritsuko, and I at the beach?”
	“Yes.” 
	“Don’t be ashamed, Hikaru…I may not know what you’re going through, but I’m 
more than willing to help you with your problem. Also, if you have physical problems 
with your female form-”
	“Yui-san!”	
	“Just kidding…Let’s go home.” She told him, almost lovingly.
	“Yeah….”
---------------
	Gendou arrived a month later. Yui met him at the airport, and looked at him 
warily. He looked back at her, a little hurt. He had hoped she’d forgotten about what he 
did to the little brat. He would never hurt her, no matter what she said or did. It was 
Hikaru he hated. So in that moment, he made a decision. He wanted something to solidify 
their relationship, something that would make her unable to leave him, no matter how 
much she loved that little brat.
	“Yui, How would you feel if we had a baby?”
	“Really?” she asked, perhaps too excitedly.
	“You want a baby?” he asked tentatively.
	“Yes, of course I do!” she said happily, and reached over to hug him. He smiled 
as he felt her holding him, and it was a feeling he wanted only for him. Not Hikaru. 
Feeling her close was the only thing he would ever want from her. He began to think of 
how to tell Yui that he was planning to send Hikaru to stay at the dorms at Clamp.	
Continued…
Ending Theme: Fly Me to the Moon.
----------------------- 
Trailer
-----------------------

Yui: In the next episode Hikaru has to make some tough decisions. At the same time, 

Gendou makes plans to do away with my ward. Why do you hate him so much Gendou?

Gendou: He was born. That’s enough…

Yui: Next on Phoenix Chronicles is Darkness of Men’s Hearts & the Light of One Boy’s 
Heart… 



