Disclaimer: This is a multi-crossover with Ranma ½’s Mousse in Tenchi Muyo, Clamp 
Campus Detectives, and Evangelion.  Please send comments to Darien99@aol.com  
All characters belong to their respective owners. However, Ten’ou Hikaru, and the 
formula for his life events is my idea. If you do not like Mousse to be assertive, and feel 
that he doesn’t have what it takes, don’t bother reading this. If you are a Mousse fan, read 
on and enjoy. 
The Phoenix Chronicles Episode One: An Angel is Born, and 
Growing Up In a Prison. 
Opening Theme: Thesis of A Cruel Angel

1989, a prince was born. Yosho, though most knew him as Katsuhito Masaki, 
knew this as his son-in-law, Nobuyuki, held the child which Achika, his daughter, had 
recently given birth to. Yosho was seventy-five, but he was still slender, and somewhat 
athletic. Even old age had not taken away the agility he had in his younger days. He had 
long silver-grayed hair, which was tied into a ponytail. Also, Yosho wore glasses, and 
had a thin, silver mustache, which made him look almost like a noble. 
Nobuyuki was a tad shorter, and was darker skinned than Yosho. He also wore 
glasses, and had a mustache. Except, the mustache was black, as was the crop of short 
hair, save for the small tail of hair on the back of his head. The two of them walked down 
the Masaki Shrine’s one hundred steps.
	“Well, fortunately,” Nobuyuki was saying now, “the baby’s fine, and the doctors 
say that Achika may be able to leave the hospital within a week.”
	“Is that so?” Yosho said.
	“The company has finally agreed to let me design a house for them. I suppose 
they are finally recognizing my talents.” Nobuyuki told him, sheepishly, as Yosho sat on 
the wooden patio, just outside the house. 
	“You don’t say, is that so?”
	“You know, dad,” Nobuyuki said casually, since he did get along quite well with
Yosho, “I’ve been thinking about rebuilding this house one of these days.”
	“Is that so?”
	“My next big project will be to build the ‘dream house’ Achika, and I have always 
wanted.” Nobuyuki said the last words with love, and that made him look down at his 
son, who sleep as he held him. “And look at him, sleeping like an angel.”
	Then Nobuyuki turned to his father-in-law, and said, “By the way, dad, I still 
haven’t been able to think of a name for the baby. Got any ideas?”
	“Hmmm, let me think,” Yosho said, putting his hand to his chin, “I name the baby
‘Hikaru’…” he hung a scroll on the door, and on it was written the Kanji Character for 
light.
------------------
	Kenji Aito was a tall, muscular man. His thin mustache was the only hair on his 
head. Otherwise, he was bald. He was a mercenary, who usually wore black suits, but 
now only had a pair of black slacks, and a tee shirt under his white sports coat. He now 
sat in a dark room, surrounded by twelve ten-foot monoliths, each of their rank was an 
illuminated red number. However all of them had the same word under their rank,  
[Seele] which was the German word for soul.
	“We have an assignment for you, Mr. Aito.” Said the monolith which had the 
number one illuminated on it.
	“You must’ve really been desperate if you hired a bounty hunter. Why didn’t you 
have one of your secret service guys do this?” Aito asked smugly.
	“As of this moment, there are only certain people to which we can entrusts such 
an assignment.” Seele 02 replied.
	“Alright, what is it? This?” Aito asked, raising the manila folder, he had, to head 
level.
	“We need you to sequester that boy which we have been keeping surveillance on 
for quite some time.” Seele 01 said. 
	“Wait a minute. You want me to do a kidnapping?” Aito asked uneasily, “I don’t 
do kidnappings.”
	“You will be well rewarded.” Seele 12 told him, “Also, once you complete this 
assignment, you will be granted a full pardon which will void your deportation from the 
United States.”
	“I believe you have a wife, and son there.” Seele 10 added.
	“Like I give a crap about them.” Aito bit out.
	“As well as a large racket. If you wish, we will help you fund such.” Seele 09 
said.
	“However, this is not a request.” Seele 01 boomed, “Find Hikaru Masaki, for 
whom we’ve given you the file. Take him to our office in China, and most of all, make 
sure no one knows of your whereabouts after the job is done. The boy must be brought to 
us. That is your top priority. Nothing more.”
	“If the mother interferes?” Aito wanted to know.
	“You’re a bounty hunter, Mr. Aito. Handle it.”
	“How about my reward?”
	“We will discuss your reward after the job is done. Now, go” with that, the twelve 
monoliths were gone. Kenji Aito looked at the file, and opened it. He looked at the 
picture of Hikaru, and thought, {He’s just a kid. Oh well…He’s just a job, too.}
------------------
Hikaru Masaki sat in the yard behind his house, and was looking at the bushel of 
leafy carrot heads, which blew in the cold winter air breezing into the pantry. He closed 
the door to the pantry, and ran around the yard. He loved playing in the yard. Despite the 
cold, he only wore a work shirt, and didn't really need a jacket. Ever since he was born, 
there was always some inner-warmth he felt, which made jackets or sweaters 
unnecessary. For now, his energy and playfulness kept him warm. Since he was still 
waiting for the school year to start, he would help his grandfather at the shrine, or he 
would help with the planting. He just enjoyed watching his grandfather make things 
grow. In fact, He would look forward to the summer, when he would help prepare the 
ground for planting. It was still January, after all, so the ground was still hard.
He had short black hair, like his parents, and like his father, he wore a pair of 
aviator glasses. He was 4’9, which was tall for his age, and thin. He looked more like his 
mother, though, save for his blue eyes.
	He saw a shadow pass quickly through the yard. Then the shadow came closer to 
him, becoming bigger and bigger. He realized that it was a man, maybe bigger than his 
father, coming toward him.  The man wore a black ski mask, and a set of black goggles, 
as well as a stiff looking vest, which bent to match his movements. He wore a black 
outfit, and the boots were large, and heavy. They were the types of boots he had seen his 
father use when tending the field, the heavy ones with tractor type bottoms. The man’s 
belt held an assortment of devices on it, all held down by Velcro straps, while others were 
hooked onto his belt, including the walkie-talkie. The man looked like the police he 
would see on TV, when they would report riots on the news. The man even had 
equipment similar to a police officer’s, including the long black stick that policemen 
would carry with them. Hikaru concluded that he was a soldier of some sort. 
Kenji removed that from the slot, which held it in the tool belt, and walked toward 
Hikaru, who began to back away. This made Kenji place the stick back in its slot, and 
pull out a white handkerchief. Kenji gripped it in the palm of his hand. 
Hikaru turned to run into the house, and looked over his shoulder to see if he was 
being followed. He felt his heart beating rapidly in his little chest, and he felt that inner 
glow he had earlier flare into anger. He dropped to the floor, making Kenji think that he 
had tripped on something. He knew Kenji would quicken his pace when he fell to the 
ground. When he sensed Kenji come closer, and thrusts his foot out and upward. 
He was able to hit Kenji the knee, but he felt as if he had struck some sort of 
metal padding.  Kenji grabbed his little foot with one hand, and threw him across the 
yard. Hikaru landed near the pantry, and skinned both his knees when he landed. He tried 
to get up, but couldn’t find the strength to do so because both his knees were bleeding, 
and it hurt to move. He felt Kenji place his hand on his back, and apply weight.
At the same moment, Achika was getting ready to come out to the back yard. She 
had long black hair, which was tied back now, and her skin was very light pink. She had 
a slender figure. As a modern Japanese woman, she wore jeans, and a thick jacket, as 
opposed to a kimono and sandals. She was fully prepared to join him in the playing. 
She came out to the yard, and saw the struggle, making her run to the yard. She 
now saw Kenji stepping on her son’s back, making her charge at him. Kenji hit her in the 
face, knocking her to the ground. 
She spit out blood, and rasped, “Don’t touch my son!” She charged at him again, 
this time, jabbing her shoulder into his back. He grunted somewhat, and swung his fist 
behind him, hitting her squarely in the stomach. 
“Leave mom alone!” Mousse yelled, though his voice was muffled as dirt seeped 
into his mouth. He put his hands to the ground, and tried to push himself up, but Kenji 
was too heavy. Kenji stepped off of his back, and drew back his foot.
Achika was recovering from the shock, and tried to stand up. She opened her 
eyes, only to see Kenji kick her son in the face, knocking blood and dirt from his mouth, 
making her scream in anger as she charged at him. He turned to face her, and went into 
her charge. When they came into contact, she felt the pain in her abdomen explode as he 
punched her there. She fell to the ground, holding her stomach, and began to roll to 
Hikaru. Kenji could she what she was trying to do, and kicked her in the stomach. 
She ignored the pain, and continued to crawl to Hikaru. She heard Kenji make a 
frustrated grunt, making her grow completely still. She thought he would leave her alone, 
thinking her to be unconscious. For a moment, Kenji actually thought she was 
unconscious, but kicked her in the face to make sure. 
Then, Kenji went over to Hikaru, and picked him up. Kenji carried Hikaru under 
his arm, and took out his walkie-talkie.
“Did you find him?” asked the gruff voice of Seele 01 on the other end.
“Yes. All went as planned.”
“Proceed, and take the boy to the airport. There will be a contact there to collect 
him.” The voice told him. 
“You said we can could discuss my reward after the job was done.” Kenji 
complained. “What? You telling me I have to go to China for it?”
“Mr. Aito, calm yourself. You have the boy, now proceed to the airport. All will 
be handled once you arrive.” 
“Fine, fine. I’ll be heading there now.” Aito said into the walkie-talkie, and slid it 
back into his belt. He slid Hikaru over his shoulders, and ran off into the woods.
“China?” Achika whispered, and fell unconscious.
------------
		  
When Achika woke up, Hikaru was gone, but she did see the fresh blood covering 
the spot where he lay during the fight. "Hikaru!" she cried, in anguish, as she got on her 
knees next to his shirt. Then, the snow began to fall.

------------
The twelve monoliths of Seele floated in the dark room.
 “Mr Aito has done well.” the first of Seele commented now.
“Indeed,” said the second of Seele.
“The question now is, what will we do with Mr. Aito once he does arrive in 
China?”
“Eliminate him, of course.” Kihl said. “He is of no more use to us. Also, even if 
he did try to expose us, should he survive, no one would believe him. He is a bounty 
hunter, yes, but he does indeed have a tainted past which would discredit him.”
------------------
Kenji wandered through the woods with Hikaru, pulling him along with the rope 
he had tied to the handcuffs.
“Where are we going?” Hikaru asked angrily.
“You’ll see. Lots of big wigs with big bucks wanted me to bring you here.”
“For what?”
“How the hell would I know?”
“You’re the one who brought me here. You should know.”
“Hey, shut up, you little brat.”
“I’m not a little brat.”
“Damn it!” Kenji muttered under his breath. “We’ll have to turn back.” 
That was when he saw several women gather around him.
“Oh, what’s this? Chics in battle mode?” he sneered, and pulled his pistol out of 
his holster, and turned to hit Hikaru with the handle, who was knocked to the ground 
Kenji turned to face the newcomers, dropping the rope. Rather than get back up, 
Hikaru crawled through the crowd of women that surrounded Kenji, getting his fingers 
crunched at times, but he managed. 
One of the amazons on the outer circle saw him crawl out of the crowd. She 
muttered something in a strange language he couldn’t understand. All he saw was the 
blackness consume him, and the last thought he had was that he hated being helpless.
Fortunately for him, he couldn’t hear Kenji’s screams as the woman lanced him 
through the chest, and then through his legs. They did not lance him through the throat 
yet, for they wanted to hear him scream before he died at their hands.
*Death to the outsider!* they screamed in Chinese, stabbing through both sides of 
his chest, through his abdomen, through his arms, through his thighs, and then through 
his shoulders. They pumped their spears into him, and turned them occasionally. Finally, 
they stabbed him through the Adam’s apple. 
---------------  
The council of SEELE sat in their darkened office. Chairman Keel, a stout man 
with a hawkish nose, and a large visor, which served as his eyepiece, sat at the head of 
the table. He looked about the rest of the council gathered about him. All of them had the 
same purpose, which was to bring mankind to Heaven’s door, by force if need be. 
However, they had lost communications with the bounty hunter they had hired to 
bring the boy to them. Their tool, the young boy, Hikaru Masaki, was now lost to them. 
Years of research having been wasted, After Dr. Katsuragi had proposed that he inject a 
young man, named Nobuyuki, with a sample of Lilith’s blood, it would combine with the 
DNA of the young alien girl, Achika. 
“Gabriel,” Keel said, referring to Hikaru by the code name they had given him, 
“is no longer an option. We must begin anew.”
“Project Tabris has already begun. He is being developed as we speak. If we 
cannot use Gabriel, Tabris shall serve as our tool to bring Mankind to Heaven’s door.”
“And failing that?” asked the second of the council said.
“It will not fail.” Keel retorted smugly.
“When will Tabris be ready?” the third wanted to know.
“He should be ready by the year 2000. In which case, I have already given Dr. 
Katsuragi an assignment.” Keel informed them.
“That’s right. Will Second Impact be ready by the year 2000?” the fourth asked.
“Dr. Katsuragi reports that the expedition to Antarctica is still in the planning 
stages.” Keel told him. “Also, I have the file a certain ‘Yui Ikari’. She is brilliant young 
mind. These,” he said holding up a file, “are her college entrance exam scores. High 
above average. She scored perfectly on each test. Not only that, but I’ve looked at the 
several papers she has written over the past four years, all of which present very 
interesting concepts. Perhaps we should offer her a Scholar ship of some sort.”
“Perhaps,” the second agreed, “I only hope that it doesn’t waste as many 
resources as project Gabriel did. We cannot afford such a waste on our hands.”
“I’ve already organized a search party for Gabriel.” Keel announced. “But as of 
yet, it has proved unsuccessful.”
“With all due respect, it would be wiser to abandon that project…eh, to avoid 
further waste.” The second said.
“Do not concern yourself with that.” Keel told him evenly.  
------
Mousse was lying on the ground, sleeping, LIKE AN ANGEL, thought a young 
lavender-haired girl. Her hair went way past her shoulders, and her eyes were a wild dark 
purple. She wore a skin-tight flower-patterned long-sleeve shirt, and pants
"What did you find great granddaughter?" said an oddly deformed woman, who 
looked more like an imp than human. She wore a green robe with a gold trim, and wore a 
red band, which held her long white hair back. She was only about as tall as a chimp, and 
she used a long, thick walking stick to hop around on.
"I sense great power in this one, granddaughter. We must take him in, and make 
sure he never raises himself to the level of warrior."     
"He's just some stupid boy, grandmother. I honestly don't see anything special 
about him."    
"If we are fortunate, we will never have to see his true power. If he gets strong 
enough, he may able to beat you in unarmed combat! And you know what that means, 
don't you?"     
"I'll have to marry him?!...There's no way, I swear I will make sure he never 
reaches the level of a warrior."    
"Wake up.... I say wake up stupid boy!" he heard a girl's voice say. He opened his 
eyes and saw a girl with She was probably as young, and she was certainly shorter. He 
hated her, and liked her at the same time. Part of Hikaru thought she would grow up to be 
very pretty someday. The other part of him thought she would grow up to be a very big 
headache, and was urging he leave as soon as possible. 
The great grandmother spoke to him in his own language, and said, "You are now 
in China...You are among the Amazons of the Chinese Amazon tribe. I am Cologne, the 
leader...and this is my granddaughter, Shampoo. I will now call you ‘Mousse,’ and you 
are our squire. It seems that my pet was killed because of you...Already, you've cost me a 
favorite pet, I'll make your life most uncomfortable, squire."
Mousse looked for his glasses, and put them on once he found them. Then, he 
stood up and demanded, "What? Wait a minute, you old bag, this isn’t even my fault. I 
didn’t want to come here. I’m going home, right now!" 
"You little idiot! I'm referring to our prize pig, which you had for dinner. When 
I'm done with you, you'll never want even look at another pork chop, again."
“What hell are you talking about?” Then he looked at the rotting dead pig that 
Kenji had eaten the night before. Of course, Kenji didn’t bother giving him any, except 
for the scraps he threw at him.
The old hag turned to the girl, and spoke to her, not that he could understand them 
since they were speaking in Mandarin, Chinese, and her expression tensed and agitated. 
What power she felt from him. She knew she had to somehow, find a way to 
control that power. Shampoo had told Mousse, much later in life, that if they broke his 
spirit, it would be easier to control him and the power…
“Never mind. Come with us.” Cologne said, as she whacked his head with her 
cane, prodding him along. For the moment, all Mousse could do was comply, he was too 
tired to do anything else. 
-----------------
Five long years passed for Mousse, his first attempts at running away were foiled 
by wolves in the area.  Actually, he was about eight, and that was the first year he spent 
in the village. He had packed half of his clothes into a bundle, and put it in a pigskin 
duffel bag he’d made out of a boar he had wrestled with in the woods. He finally hatched 
a plan to head for the east. He hiked about forty five miles, and found a patch of forest 
which he thought would be good to hide in. That was when he saw a large wolf prowling, 
as it circled a clearing.  The wolf seemed like it was starving, because it looked like it had 
torn up a skunk just a little while ago. Now, though, the wolf jumped onto him, and bit 
into the right forearm, which he held up to protect himself. He finally reached into his 
sack, which had been thrown aside, and grabbed a carving tool. He grabbed at it, and dug 
the hook into the wolf’s neck, pulling at it, while the wolf still growled. He gave one hard 
tug, spilling blood from glands, and then, it died. The dead wolf fell onto him, its bite 
loosening on his arm. He kicked it off, quickly pulling his bleeding arm out of carcass’s 
mouth. He stood up, and nearly swooned from the loss of blood. He realized he could not 
afford another encounter like that. He was debating whether or not he should return, after 
a few minutes he thought, {I’d rather take my chances with the wolves.} That was when 
he felt a large arm grab his neck. It was one of the older amazons, Conditioner. She had 
been following him all this time.
“What do you want?” he managed, though it hurt his throat to talk.
“We can’t have you run away,” she answered tightening her grip, and went on, 
“Then we’d have to do everything ourselves.”
She forced him to hike back to the village, while she rode a horse. She had a 
mace, and dug it into his back when he started to slow down. He was too tired to even 
walk, but he hated the feel of that mace, so he went on. 
They reached it by the next day. They congratulated Conditioner on finding him, 
patting her on the back, and laughing.  They just looked at Mousse in disgust, though 
even though the saw his arm bleeding profusely, the amazons kicked at him and beat him, 
complaining that they had to do everything themselves. Despite that, he managed to make 
it back to his tent, and wished he had brought back that wolf’s carcass so he could show 
them how good he was at surviving. Their kicks and punches worsened his pain, but they 
could never instill the fear he felt when that wolf continually chewing on his right arm, 
trying to close in on his face. 
Shampoo came in the tent, and watched Mousse as he lay on the piece of cloth, 
which Cologne called a squire’s futon, and covered by another. He was breathing heavily, 
and looking at the ceiling of his tent, and wondering if he was going to die. His eyes were 
glazed, though open nonetheless. She must’ve thought he was sleeping because she 
kicked him in the mid-section and complained, “Why you dirty the sheets, Stupid boy?”
He screamed in pain, and seethed, “Go away!”
She just sat on his wounded arm, and yelled, “Great Grandmother calling you 
right now, stupid boy!”
“I’m dying! Don’t you see that?” he yelled, trying to nudge the bloodied arm out 
from under her, and even though he was filled with complete agony, he did his best not to 
cry. He didn’t want to give her that satisfaction, or them. 
Shampoo laughed at him, as he yelled at her, and said, “I go get medicine, stupid 
boy.  You see what happen when you try run away?” 
He only lay there, bleeding, waiting to die. At this point, he welcomed death, but 
it just didn’t come.
Cologne held a thin swatch of stainless steel, which had been put over a fire, and 
just before she applied it, Shampoo put a clean cloth within biting distance, and said, 
“Bite down, so you no scream when we solder arm.” He did, and resisted the mere 
thought that she was doing something kind for him. It healed well, actually, save for the 
river of silver that went down the puckered scar, which ran down his arm.
-----------------------
He looked at his forearm now, he was ten years old, and he still hated everyone 
here. He heard Shampoo calling him, while outside, there were multicolored banners that 
hung from post to post. There was food on the table, as the prize for the winners of 
today's tournament. Today was when the tribe would pick the new leaders of the Amazon 
tribe.  He lay on the floor of his tent, after having been dreamless in his sleep, his mother 
was the only kind image he saw when he did dream. He lay, awake, but silent, until he 
heard Shampoo call him. 
"Hey, you stupid Mousse, bring weapons to tournament!" Shampoo yelled. 
He sat up, his long black hair spread out on the straw pillow.  "I heard you the 
first time, Shampoo” He said calmly, in Chinese.      
"I didn't think so." she sneered.
"You know, You could just call me Mousse. I think I prefer that to being called 
stupid." he said flatly.
"I don't care what you prefer, stupid boy. Great Grandmother's already waiting, 
and she'll be really mad if you don't get over there." 
"You know, If that old bag really wants me to do something, why doesn't she 
come and tell me herself?" no sooner did he finish than he felt that cane hit the top of his 
head, hard, making him reach for the cane and catching it. She withdrew it quickly when 
she saw the angry look in his eye.      
"I don't have to tell you anything. You've already wasted a lot of time. I don't have 
to carry weapons if I don't want to. That's what you're for, you idiot. You are after all, 
only a squire, and you must know that there is no chance of you ever reaching warrior 
status. I hope you realize that."
"There's not much point in me staying, is there?" 
"Of course, there is. You're a squire, so that my granddaughter will not be debased 
to the level of carrying weapons. That's your job." 
"I'll take your damn weapons, then. From there, I'm going to train on my own."
"There's no point, I said. You'll never reach warrior status!"
"Who said I wanted status in your tribe. I'm doing it for survival." He snarled, 
standing up.
"What do you mean 'Survival'? You're being taken care of. We let you eat with 
the hogs. You should be so lucky, you ungrateful brat."     
"I would have been better off being raised by wild animals." with that, he left, 
pushing the flap harshly aside, as he walked out. He went ahead and took the weapons to 
the tournament, and left for the nearby woods. He enjoyed going to the mountains. It was 
quiet, and secluded, which was what he preferred to the life he was living now. "I want to 
go home..." he whispered. It was the immensity of China that kept him from going home, 
along with the wolves in this area.
--------------
When Mousse returned to the village he was tired, he was going to go straight to 
his tent but then Shampoo told him to bath the pigs so they could be eaten tomorrow. He 
did, but he just waited until everyone in the village fell asleep. And then he bathed the 
pigs, then he went to the river, and bathed himself.
Then, exhausted, he went into his tent, and dropped onto his sleeping bag. 
Heedless of the hard impact, he fell asleep soon after. Then *WHACK*
"Wake up, Mousse," Shampoo said, kicking him in the head.
"What's the matter with you? Can't you just say 'wake up'...I don't think that I 
deserved being kicked like that."
"I don't care...Go on, Grandmother's expecting you."   
"Expecting me to what?"         
"She needs you to bathe the pigs."
"I just did that." he snapped.
"Well, they're dirty again, pigs do that, you know." she replied haughtily.
"Shampoo, I'm completely exhausted, and I spent all night cleaning those pigs. 
They should be shining, in fact."
"I don't care...even if you spent all week cleaning the pigs, I'd
still tell you that grandmother is calling you. Oh, and if you think that I would fill your 
place to cut you some slack, you're out of your mind." 
"Ah, the thought never crossed my mind, Soap."
"My name is Shampoo, you stupid, stupid, Mousse. Don’t ever call me 'Soap'! Do 
you hear me!" 
"I don't care..." Mousse replied evenly.
Shampoo understood what he was trying to do. She was so infuriated. {How dare 
he talk back to me like that? Who does he think he is, any way?}  But she knew he would 
one day talk back to her. It wasn't that he called her "soap". That was a stupid reason to 
get mad at him. He always spoke to her grandmother harshly, or would give that cold 
stare that she gave him. Shampoo always frowned, or gave him that cold stare, but he 
didn't care. That bothered her, a lot, actually. It seemed as if he had grown past the level 
of the squire they made him out to be. He was strong-willed, very decisive, and efficient 
at whatever he did. He was almost cultured in one form of another. He was almost 
...regal.... And she couldn't stand it. She left his tent, fuming.
----------------
Meanwhile, in Japan, Achika continued her search for her son. She even tried to 
apply to the Tokyo Police Force, and made it. She wanted to continue, and find that man 
which had beaten her, and taken her son. However, she had found out that she was now 
pregnant. That meant she would have to give up her search for her son. She didn’t want 
to, but her pregnancy complicated it, because she did not want to lose this son, either. 
So she went to the Clamp detectives. They were just boys, though certainly older 
than Mousse.       
"How can we help you, Ma'am?" Nokoru, the blond, asked. He had gray eyes, 
which reminded Achika of those kids she would see on TV, advertising a company for 
child stars.                
She put a picture of Hikaru on his desk, and said, "I want you to find my son...I've 
already been all over Japan, so I know that whoever took him out of here.  I  want you to 
please start looking in China."        
"Ma'am, how old is this picture?" Suo asked.  He was the intense black haired 
one.  He did remind her of her son.  She looked away quickly.                
"It was taken in his fifth year..." she told them, sadly.  "I know It's a long shot, but 
please, try to find my son.  I can’t offer you much, but I’ll do anything for you if you just 
find my son."                
"You know, Ma'am, when you say 'anything', you're giving out quite an 
invitation..." Suo said.                
"Please excuse him, we understand your feelings." Akira said.  He reminded her 
of Hikaru, making her cry into her hands.         
"We'll help you," Nokoru said, "and don't worry...It's free of charge.  We'll leave 
for China in a week or so."              
 She looked up, "Really?" she asked.  "Of course." he replied, handing her a box 
of tissue.  "Just tell us all his stats.  Hair, eyes, age, and any distinguishing marks." Suo  
told her analytically.  "The abductor couldn't have been that smart, so let's presume that 
your son still has black hair, and blue eyes. However, I'm afraid this picture will be of  
little use since-" 
"I understand," 
“Wait a minute, I think I know what he looks like now. Sometimes, I dream about 
him, crying, and there’s nothing I can do about it, except watch.” 
Then, she began her tale of the day Mousse had been taken, the day when her 
father, and husband had found her lying on the frosted ground, her face entrusted with her 
frosted tears. She told them what little she heard of the conversation she had overheard 
from the abductor who was on the radio with his contacts. 
“So, you see. That’s why I want you to begin your search in China.” Achika 
finished.
“We’ll take care of it. We promise.” Nokoru said intensely.
As soon as she left, the three boys looked at each other, almost angry for her, and 
feeling a very strong sense of justice.
“What do you think, Captain?”
“What do you think, Suo? We find that boy, and bring him home. That’s what!”
“Captain, where do we start?”
“Akira, she just told us to start in China. Well then, let’s go. Suo, get the jet 
revved up.”
“There’s one more thing we have to do before we go, Captain.”
“What’s that, Suo?”
“Research.”
Nokoru groaned.
Continued
Ending Theme: Fly me to the Moon…
----------------    
Trailer
------------------ 
Mousse:    Why am I here?
Cologne:    Because you’re good for nothing else.
Mousse:     That damn old hag treats me like a damn slave. Her, and her whole damned 
tribe do.    Will I ever get back home, and see my parents again.
Nokoru:    That’s what your mom hired us for.
Mousse:   Who are you?
Shampoo: Just tell them what next episode is stupid boy.
Mousse:    Hey, I don’t need you to tell me that. Next on Phoenix Chronicles is The Long 
Journey Back Home?
Cologne:    You should be so lucky we took you in ungrateful brat.


