The Phoenix Chronicles Episode Two: The Long Journey Back Home?
Beginning Theme: Thesis of a Cruel Angel.
. Mousse had hiked a couple of miles away from the village, then began his 
training in the Mount Kuan Jang Range. It was quite a distance from the Amazon village, 
which was quite a relief for him. He had heard about the cursed springs of Jusenkyo, 
which was in the area, but he didn't think anything of it.  He was going through his basic 
Kung Fu training when he heard a girl gasping for help. It wasn't so much hearing it was 
more like he felt it. He ran to the source, and could see a clearing as he went downhill. 
But it wasn't just a clearing; it was bunch of springs. There were hundreds of pools, all of 
which had four or five tall bamboo sticks, which were spread, scarcely throughout each 
pool.    
 "Excuse me, sir," A man in a brown plain uniform said, "but you don't want to go 
in there. All of these springs are cursed. Legend says that whoever falls in the spring will 
take the body of whoever, or whatever drown in there hundreds and thousands of years 
ago."      
"Have you seen a girl here?"     
"Over there, but since she hasn't changed, I'd say she fell into the Spring of 
Drowned Woman."     
They both saw a little brunette girl, younger than Mousse anyway, coming up for 
breath, heaving, but before she could take any deep breaths, she went back under. She 
came up twice, but didn't have enough breath to even call for help. 
"I've got to save her." Mousse said, jumping into the spring, three seconds after 
the girl went under the last time.     When they emerged, There were two girls, not one. 
There was the little girl, and another girl, a little older, but not so much.  The new girl had 
long black hair, blue eyes, and very pale skin. That girl was Mousse, but she obviously 
was paying any attention to that. She hadn't even felt the change. She put girl on the 
ground and gave her CPR. She could see the guide running up to her, and he had a sign.
"Sir, you fall into spring of drown-" Mousse held her hand up to tell the guide to 
wait. Then continued the CPR procedure. The girl coughed, and opened her eyes. She sat 
up and hugged Mousse tightly, "Thank you, Miss. My mommy would have really been 
worried if I was late for dinner. Bye!" she said, running off.
I WONDER WHAT SHE MEANS BY 'MISS'. OH WELL.     "Sir, as I was going 
to tell you, you have fallen into Spring of Drowned Woman...The legends were true, 
See?" the guide gave him a mirror. She was hesitant to accept it, but took it anyway. 
When Mousse looked in the mirror, she saw the image of Achika, his mother, looking 
right back at her, mimicking her every move.  She held it at a distance, and saw the long 
black hair streaming behind her body. As a girl, she looked more like Achika than he ever 
thought he possible. Then Mousse, gave the guide back his mirror, and moved her hands 
to her chest, and felt more weight on her chest. She closed her eyes, and slowly 
unbuttoned her white robe. The guide winced when Mousse yelled, "WHAT THE HELL 
HAS HAPPENED TO ME?!"  
"How do I change back into a guy?" Mousse asked,
"Well, sir. If you pour hot water on yourself, you'll turn back into boy. But don't 
let yourself get splashed by cold water. That will turn you back into girl."
"This is too weird for me."
"I told you what it was, sir."
"I know, but I couldn't let that girl drown." 
"Lucky for you that I carry this," the guide said, pouring hot water from a kettle 
onto Mousse. He was a guy again. He thanked the Guide and left. He just hoped that 
Cologne or Shampoo didn't find out about this. Not that he cared, but he didn't want to be 
treated any worse than he already was. He had enough problems. He didn’t notice that 
Shampoo had followed him, though. She now brandished a knife that was as long as her 
forearm, and the jagged edge had its teeth facing downward, likely to more damage if 
pulled out. She saw that his problem would make things hard for him. As long as Mousse 
was miserable, she would allow him to continue existence.
-----------
 The Clamp Detectives had been wandering near the Amazon village, all of them 
wearing matching green hiking backpacks. They were all tired.  Akira, the youngest of 
them was lagging behind.         
"Can you hand me that map, Akira?" Nokoru asked.       
"By the way, Captain, can you read Chinese?" Suo  asked.    
"No."       
Both Akira and Suo groaned.        
"But I have an uncanny sense of direction."        
"Like in the Tokyo Library?" Suo teased.         
"Oh, shut up..." Nokoru grumbled.         
Nokoru had gone to the Tokyo Library to do research on the Customs and life 
style of the people in the rural Chinese villages.  He had checked the card catalogue, and  
found the books were not in the their appointed place.  Nokoru had such a respect for the 
Library that he dedicated himself to putting all the books in their exact location in  
accordance with the card catalogue.  Of course, in due time, he became very lost.  Suo 
and Akira followed the paper trail, quite literally, and found Nokoru in the occult section,  
where he was pacing up and down the aisle.         
"I think the village is up ahead this way."        
"and if it's not, you'll find the village and tell them  all to move here." Suo 
muttered.         
"What was that?" Nokoru asked sharply.         
"Nothing."      
Nokoru looked ahead, and saw a girl, that looked like Achika. Even the hair was 
just as long. 
 "Hey, you guys, that girl. Doesn’t she look like Achika-san?"      
 “Come to think of it, Captain, she does.”
“So, what’ll we do?”
“Well, why don’t we follow her?”
“What for? Do you like her, Captain?”
“Shut up, Suo. Maybe, Achika-san made a mistake.”
“Captain, are you suggesting that she forgot she had a daughter or a son? Perhaps, 
she might have been thinking of some kid that just happened to look like her?”
“Well, it could’ve been a baby switching thing. Maybe the father of this girl sent 
that guy for his son because he realized he had the wrong kid.”
“Give me a break, Captain. You’re not making any sense.”
“Let’s just go, Suo. Look, she’s leaving.”
“Yes, let’s. Before your dream girl gets away.”
“Oh, shut up, Suo.” Nokoru snapped, as he began to trudge faster.
--------------
They saw her, in a rustic village with wooden huts, she was tending to the pigs as 
they were feeding.  They saw her look around to see if anyone was with her. Then, she 
grabbed a pale of steaming water, and then pour it over herself.
The Detectives looked on as the girl began grow large, and fill out the robe. Then, 
then realized that the girl was there no longer.
“That was weird, Captain.”
“See? Guys, we have found Hikaru Masaki. I told you that the girl had something 
to do with this.”
“Yes, you did. Captain. Would that mean that he’s some sort of magician?”
Suo looked at Akira, “Now, you’re starting to talk like him.”
Then, they, the detectives, looked on in horror as he grabbed a piece of whatever 
the pigs were eating, Suo thought it might’ve been a peace of lettuce. Mousse dipped it in 
the water troth, and looked ready to eat it.
  They rushed to him immediately, and took dried piece of lettuce that he was 
eating.  	
"Give it back, that's lunch!"   yelled.  Suo had packed a lot of food, so he took out 
a piece of beef jerky and handed that to Mousse.  
"Hmm,  this is good...Can I have more?"         
"You can, but only if you come with us."       
"Where are you taking me to?" Mousse asked, tensely.       
"We're all going back to Japan. Your mother sent us."       
" My mom sent you?...I'll go back with you. I want go home.” His voice was 
wary. 
The Clamp boys took a yak each, from the village. 
      	“Is this alright? Won’t you get in trouble?” Akira asked.
      	“I don’t care anymore. I just want go home. Do you know where the airport is?” 
Mousse asked. 
“I certainly hope so.” Suo replied. Akira nudged him on the side. 
“I’m just asking because I took A different route.” Mousse told them sheepishly. 
Nokoru put his hand on his shoulder. “It’s all right, Hikaru. You’re going home, 
now.”  
“Okay, you’re the one with the compass on the head, so lead the way, oh fearless 
leader.” Suo told him. 
“There is one thing I want to ask you, Hikaru.” Nokoru said.
“Yes, what is it?”
“Can you speak Chinese?”  This elicited an annoyed look from Suo.
“Yes,” Mousse said nervously, looking at Suo.
“One more thing,” Nokoru said, filling the pail with the cold water, “Can we 
check something out?”
“Sure,” and then he felt the cold water wash over him.
“Why did you do that?” she heard the voice that came out of her mouth, and 
found it to be female  
It was at that point that Cologne chose to show herself, with fifty other amazons, 
Shampoo included, in tow. She pointed her cain at the intruders, and ordered, "Attack!" 
"Captain?" Suo asked. 
"I read that if you defeat them in combat, you'll have to marry them." Nokoru told 
him.
"Your point?" Suo pressed.
"Well, I'm not sure I want to marry any of them." Nokoru snapped.
"Fine, you can stay single and die, or we fight our way out of here." Suo told him.
"I say we fight!" Mousse yelled, charging at the amazons. She was not going to 
stay here, and face any more humiliation, any more abuse. She was sick of it all. While 
the Clamp boys through fifteen amazons, injuring all of them severely, Mousse went for 
Shampoo. The rest of the Amazons left the boys alone to watch the fight with the 
outsider.
Shampoo saw her coming, and smiled, rasping, “Come on, stupid girl! Come, and 
die!” 
Mousse waded in, punching her in the jaw. Shampoo pulled out the bowie knife, 
and slit that across Mousse’s forearm, hoping she would hit the vein.
 Mousse groaned, and punched her in the stomach, making Shampoo dig her 
blade into Mousse’s leg, and then pulled it out just as quickly, taking some of her skin 
with it.
“Suo, that other girl has the advantage. We should help Hikaru out.” 
“No. This is his fight. Let him handle it, Captain.”
Mousse grabbed her own leg with own hand, trying to apply pressure to the fresh 
wound. She used her other arm raising her elbow to sharply hit her throat. Then, 
Shampoo held the knife up, and prepared to shove it into Mousse’s breasts. 
Mousse held her left arm up. The bowie knife went through Mousse’s arm.
Nokoru couldn’t take it anymore. He tried to charge forward, but Suo held his 
wrist.
“Captain, this is his fight. We can’t take this away from him.”
“This is death, Suo!”
“Let him be, Captain.”
Mousse whipped his arm away from Shampoo, spilling blood on the ground as 
and ripping the knife out of Shampoo’s grip. Finally, Mousse kicked her in the stomach, 
three times, then in the face, also three times. 
	As Shampoo lay on the ground, Mousse straddled her, and ripped the knife out of 
his wolf-bitten, knife torn arm. She raised it high above her head.
	“Hikaru, don’t!” the boys cried.
	The knife came down, four inches away from Shampoo’s head. Then, Mousse 
bent over her, to whisper into her ear, “Do you still think I’m not a warrior?” 
That made Shampoo look up into the girl’s eyes, only to see pity. Mousse, on the 
other hand, could see the utter hate, and pain in Shampoo’s large eyes, while her brow 
creased, and her mouth was open to scream. Mousse stood up, leaving her blood on 
Shampoo’s clothes, and staggered towards the guys. The Clamp boys immediately went 
to Mousse’s side. Suo went his backpack, which had been thrown aside during the fight, 
and took out two of his spare tee shirts. Suo tied the first spare tee shirt around her left 
thigh, and the other around her left forearm.
Cologne began to hop back towards the village, as Shampoo staggered behind her, 
but only after pulling her knife out of the ground, and putting it into the sheath on her 
belt. 
Suo grabbed the kettle that was sitting on the ground, and poured the hot water on 
Mousse. Nokoru, and Akira watched as Mousse got on his knees, and cried. He cried 
because he could finally leave here, away from Cologne, away from Shampoo. Away 
from all of those who kicked him, and tortured him, and spit on him. "I'm free." she 
sobbed, watching the last amazon walk away. 
--------- 
Mousse saw Japan come into view when the concord dipped its wing as it veered 
east. He sat in the large seat, with wide padded armchairs on either side of him. He’d 
never felt such a comfortable chair.
"Is this home?" he asked. 
Nokoru nodded, smiling.
“I want to go back to my mom as soon as I can.” 
“Of course, you do. We’ll get you back to your mom.” 
-------------- 
	Chairman Kihl sat in his darkened office, and watched the monitor. He looked at 
Mousse, who was sitting in his seat, beside Nokoru. He had grown-up somewhat, but that 
was the same child he had seen several years before. The one that Dr. Katsuragi boasted 
about. Nonetheless, Kihl had placed some of his hopes for mankind with the boy. 
	“Gabriel has returned.” He said. 
	“So, he has been found again.” The second member of Seele said.
	“However, we cannot let him be reunited with his mother,” Kihl replied.
	“So, we will have to eliminate her, then” The Twelfth of Seele added.
	“That may not be necessary.” Kihl told them. “After all, once Gabriel returns to 
Tokyo, he will not even meet with her. We shall change the files on the detectives’ 
system. Perhaps, that is all we’ll need.”
	“And who will the false address belong to?” the second of Seele told him.
	“The address of one the many who have failed us.” Kihl told him.
	“The bounty hunter, Aito, has been a most costly waste. His home in downtown, 
Tokyo remains.” the fifth of Seele suggested.
	“Correct.” Seele 05 said, “We shall have that house destroyed. After all, it would 
be logical for Gabriel’s mother to move to Tokyo…in order to initiate a large-scale 
search. Also, it would be logical if she had enemies powerful enough to destroy her 
home. She was, after all, a police officer.”
	“Very well,” Kihl approved gruffly, “Make the arrangements.”
-------------------	
	“This is it!” Mousse chanted as he walked up to the gates of the house in Tokyo. 
	He didn’t remember his parents having a house in Tokyo, but he thought that 
perhaps everything had changed, and his parents had moved to Tokyo. It didn’t matter, 
though. As long his mother, father, and grandfather were there, it was home. He wore a 
Clamp Academy uniform, which Suo had let him borrow. 
	He was hoping he didn’t have to explain his scars to his mother, but the thought 
of her fussing over him made him comfortable. He wanted to be where she was, where 
she cared about him, and fussed over him. 
	“Hikaru, wait for us!” Suo said as he closed the door to the limousine, while the 
other two caught up to him. 
	Mousse stood still for a moment, and looked at them over his shoulder, “Okay, 
but hurry up. I want my mom to meet you guys. I hope she’s home. I wonder if she’s still 
the same. Maybe, she might look a little older.” He felt so excited, and said, “Guys, I 
can’t wait. I really want to see my mom. I’m going ahead.” 
	He opened the gate and a pile of wet, blackened wood, which lay smoldering in 
the July winds. Worst of all, though, was the smell of rotting meat in the air.
	Mousse, who had dropped to his knees, began to cry as he let the smell overtake 
him. He felt his lunch come up, as he looked at the pile of burnt wood. His tears welled 
up, and his glasses fell to the grass. When he looked up again, he couldn’t see the ashes.
	He only saw a black blur, and yet that smell persisted. It filled his nostrils, and 
made his eyes itch even more. He still couldn’t believe that this house once belonged to 
his parents. He still couldn’t believe they were gone, that they blinked out of existence 
because of some stupid accident.
	Nokoru had covered his mouth when he first came through the gate, but hastily 
put his kerchief away when he saw Mousse on his hands and knees, crying.
	“It’s my fault!” he cried.
	“No, Hikaru. How can this be your fault?” Suo asked.
	“That guy who took me said that some important people wanted me, and he hurt 
my mom before he took me away.” Mousse sobbed.
	“Do you know where he might be now, Hikaru?” Akira asked.
	“In hell, I hope. The amazons killed him when we stumbled onto them. Then, I 
met Shampoo, and those other-” he choked, and just cried a little more. Nokoru, and Suo 
grabbed each of his arms, and picked him up. 
	They took him back to the car. They sat him between them, but he didn’t lean on 
either of them. He just cried, until he just couldn’t anymore. He eventually fell asleep, but 
he just rest his head by laying it back. He didn’t lean on either of them, though.
	{Don’t you trust us, Hikaru?} Nokoru wondered, but he knew that wasn’t fair of 
him to ask that. They barely met, and the people that Mousse did know for a long time 
seemed to have treated him pretty badly. His real family was gone.
	Mousse woke up some time later. They were riding the limousine back to Kyoto, 
where their home office was. It was night, and Mousse found that Suo had given him his 
own coat, again. The coat be had been wearing earlier was gone.
	“Hey there, Kid.” 
	“Suo-san, I’m sorry about your coat.”
	“Hey, forget that. Are you okay?”
	“Not really.” Mousse muttered.
	“Look, Hikaru, why don’t you come with us?”
	“Where?”
	“To Clamp Academy, of course. That’s where I go. Nokoru, and Akira, too.” 
	“I can’t go there. I have nothing to go home, now. I have no one to show my 
grades to, no one to introduce my friends to.” he choked, and Suo quickly gave him a 
glass of water, which he drank. He calmed down some.
	“Look. Maybe one of our parents can take you in. You know, you can stay with 
one of us.”
	“Really?” Mousse asked, his voice gaining some composure.
	“Yeah. I mean, we can take care of you, right guys?”
	“I might not be able to stay with you.”
	“Well, you can stay with us while you look for a place to stay, Hikaru.” Suo said, 
humoring Mousse. They damn well would take care of him, raise him themselves, if need 
be.
	“Suo-san, Nokoru-san, Akira-san, thank you.”
	“Hey, that’s what friends are for, right?”
	“I don’t know. I’ve never really had friends.” Mousse told them.
	“Well, you do now.” Nokoru chimed in, grabbing Mousse in a headlock.
--------------	
Yui Ikari was a young biochemistry major. She was of average height, standing 
five-foot-nine. She had short brown hair, and light pink skin. Her eyes were a dark 
brown, and she wore little make-up. She was demure. Her simple beauty earned her 
several glances, though.  She went to the counseling office, and sat down with one of the 
counselors.
“Can I help you?” asked the petite, elder counselor asked. 
Yui looked at the nameplate. “Yes. Ms. Takashi?” she said, uncertain.
“That’s right.” The counselor said, laughing a bit.
“I was wondering if you had any information on the WARD-FIND PROGRAM?”
	“Were you interested in becoming a Guardian?”
	“Yes, Actually. I mean I received a letter from the Federal Social Worker, and it 
said I would be appointed in two years. I was wondering if you could give me some 
options. I’d like to pick my ward before the state does.” Yui said.
	The counselor gave her a brief suspicious glance, then reached under her desk. 
She brought out a large book.
	Yui stood out of her chair, “Do you need help?” she asked.
	“No, no…” Takashi took a look at the large book, “Yes, yes…Actually, this is a 
record of the wards that are yet unaccounted for.” Yui had already gone to her, and 
helped to place the forest green, gold-trimmed book onto the desk. 
	She paged through it, and saw the picture of a young kid with black hair. It was 
Mousse, but he looked almost emaciated, and his face was severe.  It was his eyes, which 
were radiant and smiling, that she noticed the most, the way it contrasted with his tight 
little jaw, and the dented cheeks that were on either side of his little mouth, that was only 
a smile turned upside down. Yui wanted to see that smile, and she wanted it to be for her 
her.  
	“This one,” Yui said, smiling. “Hikaru Ten’ou.”
 	Takashi looked over to the picture, “Hmmm, Number 062984.” She observed, and 
then opened her drawer, which held all the district files. 
	“He’s not a number, Ms. Takashi.” Yui said, defensively.
	Takashi smiled at that slightly, “Falling for him already, are you?”
	Yui sheepishly replied “I’m quite taken when it comes to hard-luck cases.”  
-----------------------	
Weeks later, Nokoru received a phone call as he sat in his office. He was still 
worried that they might have to turn Mousse over to the state if they couldn’t get him into 
the Academy, and they certainly couldn’t list him under their care. The problem was that 
Mousse needed a sponsor to get into Clamp Academy. Otherwise, he’d be sent to the 
Federal Social Workers, who weren’t really doing their jobs nowadays, since all of them 
were just interested in getting their commission, it no longer mattered to them where the 
children were placed.  Nokoru found that in all the test they’d given Mousse, his learning 
ability was at a Sixth Grade Level for the Academy, and that amazed Nokoru to no end, 
considering where they found him.
	“What? You found a sponsor? Thanks Dr. Takashi?”
-------------------
Two weeks later, Mousse was sitting in another large office.
“Welcome to CLAMP ACADEMY, Master Hikaru,” The headmaster told 
Mousse warmly. “Now. As you know, we are having our dormitory facilities remodeled, 
so that means you will have to live with your sponsor. Here’s her card. Her name is Yui 
Ikari.”
------------------
Mousse’s first impression of Yui was a pleasant one. The Clamp Limo had taken 
him to Yui’s house in the suburbs. Mousse was also wearing a Clamp academy Uniform, 
which consisted of a black formal coat, and black slack-type shorts. Also, the Academy 
gave him funds to buy what he needed. 
Yui stood at the door, looking down on Mousse, smiling, and Mousse could tell 
she was obviously very kind. 
“Hello,” he said , “I’m Hikaru Ten’oh.” He told her.
She was wearing a lab coat. She squatted so they were eye to eye. “Hello, I’m Yui 
Ikari. I’ll be taking care of you from now on.” Sufficed to say, Mousse loved her right 
away. 
--------------------
(Kyoto University)
"Professor! Professor Saotome!" A student called. 
"Hello, boys." Ranma Saotome replied. He was a middle-aged man, his already 
gray hair combed back, who was tall and lanky.
"We were wondering if you would come down with us to the Riverwalk." a 
second student told him.
"What? Again?" Saotome asked.
"Ryoko, and the others said they'd come if you'd come if you came too." the first 
student told him.
"And didn't the Dean say you shouldn't be so unsociable?" the second added.
Saotome was sitting at the bar with an older man, the Dean. 
"It's nice to have a drink outside, once in a while." 
"Yes, sir." 
"You know, you're a brilliant scientist, but you place enough importance in your 
relationship with others."
"I'm sorry, sir."
"Somehow, I doubt that. However, there is a young, brilliant Bio-engineering 
student." Her name is Ikari. Have you heard about her before?" 
"No, sir." Saotome replied. 
"She has just written an interesting paper. and I want you to take her on as a 
research assistant."
"And her name is Ikari," he mused. "I'll do it, sir."
------------- 
	Ranma sat at his desk, and his daughter, Ranko, was sitting in a smaller chair next 
to her father. She was about ten years old, and very sporty. She had a thick shock of red 
hair, and even had her father’s trade mark pigtail. Her mother, Akane, had tied her hair 
that way. She had her mother’s snow white skin, and her father’s blue eyes. Also, she 
wore a pear of denim overalls, and a white shirt underneath. She usually wore a baseball 
cap, but she didn’t want to embarrass her father. So left it off.
Yui stood in his office, wearing a pink shirt, and a lab coat. He thought she was 
quite beautiful, although not like model-beauty, it was her simple style that appealed to 
him. He looked up from the paper he was glancing over.
"I read your paper, last night. There's still a few things I have questions about, but 
other than that, it's very interesting." he told her.
"Thank you very much, sir."  she replied humbly.
"And your full name is Yui Ikari, right?"
"That's right, sir."
"So, what are your plans for the future? Are you planning go into corporate 
research, or are you going to join a school's research facility?" he asked.
"Well, I haven't really thought about that much. And in my case, there may be a 
third option; I'm thinking of getting married, and having children." 
Saotome saw someone standing behind Yui. It was strange that he hadn't noticed 
the child before. "Who's this?"
"Come on out, Hikaru." Yui said, gently.
"Alright." Mousse said, stepping out from behind Yui. He wore the Clamp 
Uniform. His head was turned down, while he looked up every so often.
"There's no need to be afraid of me." Saotome told him.
"Yes, sir." Mousse replied.
"I'm taking care of him, sir." Yui told him.
"What's your name?" Saotome asked.
"My name is Hikaru Ten'ou, sir."
Ranma put his hand on Ranko’s shoulder.  “Hikaru, this is my daughter. Her 
name is Ranko.”
She slid off the chair, and walked up to Mousse, who bowed respectfully, and 
then smiled a little. “Pleased to meet you, Ranko.” 
"He's very polite for someone his age." Ranma complimented
"Yes, he is, sir. Thank you, sir." Then, she looked at her watch. "Oh, sir, I 
promised him I would take him to the park."
"You do that, then. Also, come early tomorrow morning." 
"Thank you, sir." Yui gushed. Seeing her smile, Mousse smiled as he walked next 
to her. Ranko watched him leave, looking through the window of her father’s office. She 
watched as he turned right with Yui, and then walked down the hall. Then, she ran to 
window to that showed a view of the campus. She saw him walking with Yui, and looked 
at him until he disappeared into the crowd.
(A few days later.)
Saotome received a call from the Dean. 
“Gendou Rokubungi? No. I have never met him, ….What?…I’ve been appointed 
as his advisor?!… but I have heard his name at the core of a lot of rumors, and rather 
unsavory rumors at that. Well, I’ll go bail him out.”
(Kyoto, Police station)
Gendou Rokubungi, his arm in a cast, looked at the professor. 
“I’ve heard some interesting rumors about you, professor. I’m been looking 
forward to meet you for quite some time.” Gendou said.
	“Well, getting drunk and starting a fight isn’t the best introduction.” Saotome 
huffed. 
	“I didn’t get a chance to say anything before they jumped me. I’m not used to 
being liked, Professor, but I’m quite familiar with hatred.” Gendou told him.
	“Yes, well, your problems are none of my concern.” Saotome said, flatly.
	“And your exactly the type of person I expected Professor Saotome to be.” 
Gendou said, in a rather arrogant tone. 
	It was probably safe to say that Saotome did not like Gendou. Saotome thought 
that he was a real bastard. Gendou sensed this, but it didn’t bother him. As he said, he 
was used to being hated. Perhaps, in some way, Gendou reminded Ranma of how head 
strong, and foolish he used to be. Then Ranma began to think about how he used to 
mistreat others. It was a startling realization when he thought about the similarities 
between him, and Gendou.
 					Continued
Ending Theme: Fly me to the Moon…

------------- 
Trailer:
------------- 

Mousse: So, I have a home.
Nokoru: Lucky you, your guardian’s a knockout.
Yui: Hikaru. I’ll be taking care of you from now on.
Gendou:  We’ll send you off to boarding school if I have anything to say about it.
Mousse: What have I ever done to you?
Gendou: You were born. That’s enough.
Yui: If you hurt him, you’ll be the one leaving.
Gendou: Of course, Yui. The next episode of Phoenix Chronicles is- This is ridiculous. 
You should read this, you little brat.
Mousse:  The next episode is “Getting Settled. It’s tough when you’re a kid.”
Gendou: Believe me, I can make it much worse.


