Phoenix Chronicles Episode Seven: Just Show A Little Love, 
Even If It’s Not There….
Opening them: Illusion 
	Ranma sat with Isamu at his desk, giving him a cold gaze. Isamu just gave him a 
smug smile, and almost seemed to be laughing. This was one of the reasons that Ranma 
hated being an adult. He felt as if he had lost whatever weight he had with the younger 
crowd. He was the old man now. What upset him the most was possibly the fact that he 
was no longer able likable to teenagers. 
Even his daughter seemed somewhat distant. That didn’t surprise him too much, 
but he was hoping that his daughter would still think of him as cool. He knew it seemed 
ridiculous, but he couldn’t help thinking that he had lost that charm, and charisma he had 
in his younger years.
“Mano-kun, You do realize that I could revoke your scholarship on grounds or 
sexual assault, don’t you?” 
“Old man, You won’t be able to push it very far. This school needs me.”
Did he just call me an old man? I can’t believe it. Is that what I am to these kids? 
To Yui too? he thought almost angrily. He stole a glance at the mirror behind Isamu, and 
saw himself, still with the black hair, and the trademark pigtail. He still had that athletic 
air about him, despite the lab coat, and the tie. That made him smile somewhat. 
Then, he looked down at Isamu with a renewed confidence, and spoke in a low 
menacing tone. He said, “Isamu, Clamp only registers the elite. There are several other 
players as good as you are. In fact, most of them are a lot better than you are. You’re 
scholarship is an honor, which you have to earn. We could just as easily kick you out for 
bad grades. Sexual assault doesn’t exactly look well on a league record, either. I suggest 
you shape up, Mano-kun. Otherwise, you won’t have a scholarship to brag about. Got 
me?”
Isamu looked at the complete anger in the professor’s eyes, but that wasn’t what 
scared him. It was the fact that the guy could write a report, and his basketball career 
would go out the window. 
“Y-yes, sir.”
“I’m so glad we understand each other. I’m putting you on suspension from the 
team for a month.”
“You can’t do that! We have a game next Friday!” 
“Your team has a game, you have to serve your time. Be grateful that I’m not 
expelling you. Now, get out.”
Isamu left quickly, without so much as turning to give him a snarl. He just seemed 
in a hurry to leave. As soon as he did, Ranma smiled to himself for a moment, and 
thought, Now, if I could only to that to Hikaru…If only he’d give me a reason. 
His face began to harden as he looked in the mirror again, and saw himself, and 
the clothes he wore. He saw the middle-aged professor, not the youngish teacher. What 
was worse was that Isamu was exactly like him, and that he had become that old man in 
Isamu’s eyes, and his own eyes. He looked to see if the receptionist had gone to lunch. 
She had.
He kicked his door closed, and began to punch at the mirror several times, each 
hit making him grow angrier. He punched harder, ripping through the backing, and into 
the wall, hitting the concrete and plaster behind it. 
Why have I become the old man? Why couldn’t I save Akane? Why couldn’t Yui 
care about me? I’m so much better than that bastard, Gendou! I’m so much stronger than 
that brat of hers, so much stronger.
He stopped himself, looking at the broken mirror, and his bleeding fist. He saw in 
the jagged shard, which lay on the floor, that he was not a boy anymore. He had become 
the antithesis for that which he rebelled against. He was an adult, and that was so much 
harder for him to live with. He began to wonder what he was doing with his life.
-------- 
	Mousse ran back down the hallway to look for his ring. He couldn’t believe he 
dropped it so carelessly.  He looked around, and couldn’t see it. He supposed he would 
have to put an ad in the school paper to see if anyone had found it. He hit himself in the 
head for making such a big deal.
	It was a big deal, though. Yui was the one who told him to get the ring, and that 
much made him even angrier about losing it. He looked around the stairwell, climbing 
every step, one by one, checking each one closely. He didn’t care that he looked 
somewhat ridiculous, or if several other students were looking at him. After an hour, he 
left, and went to his dorm. 
---------- 
	Ranko stood in front of the mirror in her room, looking herself over. She wore a 
pair of tight black jeans, a pink blouse, and a pair of low black pumps. She had on pink 
lipstick, lavender eye shadow. She smiled at herself, admiring herself in the mirror.
She remembered to call Moeko, and told her about what happened with Isamu, 
hoping that her friend would be little more supportive. As it turned out, she got teased, as 
expected.
	“Moeko, it’s me, Ranko.”
	“Hey girl, I hope you’re not going to bring Isamu, are you?”
	“No…He hit on me after you left, but my dad busted him, and took that jerk to his 
office.”
	“Lucky you…considering it was your fault, Ranko.”
	“What do you mean by that?”
	“Hey, you were the one flirting with him. That jerk takes a mile if you give him 
an inch. Hey, why’d you do that, anyway?”
	“Are you still going to that movie later?”
	“Don’t change the subject, Ranko. I’m your best friend.”
	“Do you think he was jealous?”
	“Oooh…Now, I know where this is going. You still love him, don’t you?”
	“It’s not like that, Moeko!”
	“Hey, you don’t have to hide it from me, you know that.”
	“Are you still going to that movie later?”
	“Yeah, you coming?”
	“I’ll go wait over at your place. Be right there.” Ranko hung up the phone. 
	She now grabbed a black leather jacket she had bought when she first got into 
high school. She was hoping Mousse would notice it when he saw her again. 
This time, Ranko thought, Ritsuko’s gone, and Moeko would understand if I tried 
to pick up where I left off with Hikaru. She ran out into the living room,  
	Actually, that was nowhere. Mousse never told her that he liked her back. She 
thought that maybe this could be their chance to do just that. She looked at the mirror by 
the foyer, seeing herself. She smiled at this, and winked at her reflection. 
	Ranma came into the house, extremely tired, and saw that his daughter was going 
out. He would’ve just let her go, and then thought to ask her about it.
	“Where are you going?”
	“I’m going to a movie with my friends.”
	“You’re not going with the Isamu character, are you?”
	“No, I’m going with Moeko, and Yuki.”
	“Who else?”
	“Hikaru is also going.”
	“Ranko-”
	“He’s Moeko’s date, daddy. Anyway, he’s a pretty good guy.”
	“Ranko, you cried for a whole week after that little jerk told you he didn’t like 
you.”
	“I’m over that. Anyway, he’s really changed.”
	“Okay,” Ranma shrugged, “get going.”
	“Thanks, daddy.” Ranko said, kissing him on the cheek before she left. How she 
reminded him of Akane, and that made him miss his wife even more. It was hard to 
accept the fact that Ranko’s affection for Yui’s ward wasn’t just a silly crush. He could 
see how her eyes seemed to shimmer when she mentioned Mousse. He was hoping that 
Ranko would be the one to have Mousse going head over heals for her. At least that way, 
if he forbade Mousse from seeing her, he could hurt him. As is, though, Mousse was too 
busy worrying about other things. What made it worse was that Ranko’s crush was a 
good person. It was hard for Ranma to brush him off as some average fool. It was like 
seeing Yui’s affections for him reflected in his own daughter. He thought, Is this some 
sort of punishment? Are you reminding me what I lost with Yui? What Hikaru could have 
with my daughter?
	He sat down in his chair, and looked at her large schoolbag, that lay on the floor, 
carelessly left open. He felt tempted to see what his daughter had in her bag, but he had to 
trust her. If nothing else, that’s what kept them so close since Akane had died. He kept 
thinking of what Akane had asked of him before she died. She wanted him to arrange a 
marriage between Ranko, and Mousse. 
	Even my own wife saw potential in him, Ranma thought, Yui, too. Hell, my own 
daughter sees something in that little idiot. The Messiah, as Yui called him.
--------
	Mousse met Moeko, Yuki, and saw Ranko standing there with them. He 
approached them, and smiled at them. 
	“Well, how are you all?” he held his hand out to Moeko. She looked at Ranko, 
who almost offered her hand to him. He took Moeko’s hand, and bowed to her, then 
Yuki’s, and then Ranko’s. He looked up to see her blush, and cleared his throat. 
	“Let’s get going, shall we?” Moeko laughed.
	Mousse nodded, and walked behind the girls as they talked. Ranko, though, 
wasn’t saying anything. She kept looking back at him, and smiled every so often. Mousse 
shrugged, and smiled back. She turned fully when she saw that Isamu was walking up 
behind him. 
	Isamu grabbed Mousse’s shoulders, and tried to squeeze them. Mousse allowed 
himself to slide out of Isamu’s grasp, and fell into a crouching position. He elbow-jabbed 
Isamu in the stomach, making him grunt at first, but then grabbed the arm that jabbed 
him. 
	Isamu used the arm as a handle and lifted Mousse off the ground, preparing to 
throw him. Mousse, however, launched his weight back toward Isamu, and thrusts his 
feet forward. He kicked at Isamu’s stomach again, and this time, he launched himself out 
of the jock’s grasp. He landed on his hands, three feet away, his feet came back up in arc, 
hitting Isamu, and knocking him to the ground on his back. Mousse’s feet came down a 
few feet from the girls, and his upper-body came up soon afterward.
	“What do you want?” Mousse asked.
	“It’s your fault I can’t play, anymore.” Isamu spat.
	Mousse sighed in annoyance, and muttered, “What?”
	“Get lost, before I call campus security, Isamu.” Ranko bit out, standing next to 
Mousse. Isamu thought of charging again, but he saw that Mousse just stood there. He 
made no move to defend himself. He could see that Mousse didn’t really care if he was 
beaten or not.
	“I won’t forget about this.” Isamu seethed, stomping off.
	“Well, that was rather pointless.” Mousse muttered. He turned to Ranko, who was 
leaning on his shoulder. She saw that he was looking at her, and laughed nervously.
	“We should go to that movie. Don’t you think?”
--------
(2008)
Mousse sat in the library. Moeko and Yuki had transferred to another college, so 
he felt completely alone. He had also told Ranko that he just wanted to be friends, and 
nothing more. He didn’t want to hurt her, but she did seem like she was trying to push 
Moeko away whenever he was around. 
The recent days were rough, though. It had been after midterms, so he had a huge 
headache, which made him feel like his head was literally spinning. He supposed he 
shouldn’t have pushed himself as hard as he did. Maybe it was because he was trying to 
get over Yui, and that made his headache worse. For some reason, he couldn’t even 
remember her face, her voice. He couldn’t even remember that day at the beach. It was as 
if leaving put a veil over his mind, and all the pleasant memories, and the painful ones 
alike, were blocked out. He decided to put his head down.
	“Are you alright?” asked a girl, standing over him.
	“Go away.” He muttered. 
	“Excuse me, but I’m trying to help.” The girl snapped.
	He had a huge headache, and arguing was the last thing on his mind, he was going  
to start with complaining about how bad his week had been, and began, “Well, I didn’t 
ask for-” he looked up at her, and stayed quiet for a moment. That, he figured, was the 
smartest thing he’d done all week. 
	She was about 5’2, and she had short brown hair, and her eyes were dark brown, 
and she was slender.  She wore a large white sweater, a black skirt, and some small black 
boots. 
	“You didn’t ask for what?” she demanded.
	“No, I’m sorry. I’ve just had a bad week. I didn’t mean to take it out on you.” he 
told her, bowing his head several times, though he wore a smile each time he did.
	“I just saw you there, and I thought you were hurt or something.” She replied, and 
he could see she was starting to smile. 
	“No, don’t worry.” He told her, “You’re lucky you didn’t find me during finals 
week, then you’d really wish you had let me sleep.” And he smiled when he saw her 
giggle at that, and stood up to talk to her. 
	“I’m Maya Ibuki, pleased to meet you.” she bowed slightly.
	“I’m Hikaru Ten’ou.” He returned it, smiling as he did so.
	“That’s an interesting name.” She commented.
	“Do you know what it means?” he asked a bit nervously.
	“I think it’s ‘the light that rules the skies.’ Or something like that.” She answered, 
putting her index to her chin. 
	“Or something like that,” Mousse replied modestly, then his head flared, making 
him sit down again. 
	“Are you okay?” she asked, grabbing his arm.
	“I’ll live. I just need to get back to my apartment.” He said, rubbing his temples.
	“Let me help.” 
	“You can. See?” he said standing up. Then he went on, “ I’ll walk on my own. 
And all you have to do is turn that pretty smile of yours my way, and that’ll be my fuel to 
keep going.” 
	That made her blush, and he reached up to tap her shoulder, saying, “All you have 
to do, now, is give me some room to stand up.”
	“Sorry,” 
	“No, no. Don’t be sorry.”
	“That fuel you were talking about.”
	“What? Your encouraging smile?”
	“Does that apply to movies, and restaurants, as well?” she teased.
	“That depends…”
	“On what?”
	“How much you’re willing to spend.”
	“You jerk.”
	“Just kidding.” He said dodging her slap, “You can pay for half.”
	“What?” she demanded, raising her hand higher into the air.
	He put his arm around her, and said, “How’s about we go to a party my friend is 
throwing?” 
	“I’ll think about it.” 
	“Okay, then. How about we go to a movie? Friday night.” 
	“Do I get to pick the movie?” she asked.
	“Sure,” 
	“They’re going to do a vintage classic at the Impact Theatre.” 
	“What?”
	“I think it’s called, ‘Suddenly Summers’ or something.”
	“Well, okay.” Mousse had to strain a smile this time.
	“Or if you’re in the mood, we can watch the other feature.”
	“What’s that?” Mousse wanted to know.
	“Oh, ‘Casablanca’.” She purred.
	“My head’s all better now.” He said.
	“Okay, so why don’t we go make our own movie?” she told him.
	“That sounds fine to me.” He said.
--------------
	Ritsuko wrote to her mother of her upcoming trip, her last letter before seeing her 
mother again. She wrote, 	

Dear Mother, 
Congratulations on the completion of your theorems	 for the Magi. I have 
good news, as well. It’s decided that I will officially join Gehirn.. I’ll start 
working on Project E as early next month.
----------------
She rode on the train back to Kyoto, which had been renamed Tokyo 3, and she 
supposed it was a homecoming of sorts, but Yui and Mousse wouldn’t be there to 
welcome her. It made her feel empty knowing that they wouldn’t be waiting for her, but 
she knew that Mousse had no reason to stay with Gendou after Yui died. Mousse didn’t 
mind suffering, but he didn’t put himself through it because he enjoyed it. 
	She sat and looked at the buildings flashing by her, and thought, {Did I miss all 
this?} Then she remembered that she had gone to the University of Tokyo 2 with 
Mousse’s company, which made it a very fun trip. She criticized Misato, but she didn’t 
feel like she was any better when she thought about that train-trip. That was one of the 
only times she felt like a kid. For some reason, she felt like she was so much older when 
she was around Misato. Maybe it was because she felt like she always had to look after 
Misato. Although, on a number of occasions, Misato proved she could take care of 
herself. Misato also joined Gehirn, and Ritsuko had watched her during training. The 
blonde was very impressed with that girl who had been catatonic eight years before. It 
was just amazing to see how Misato had adjusted so well to everything.
	She arrived at Tokyo 3, but didn’t report to Gehirn headquarters until the next 
morning. She began to wander how big the place was, wandering through corridor after 
corridor. She was beginning to think she’d never be able to find anyone else, and she’d 
wander the place for years and never find her mother. She began to get nervous, and 
almost jumped when she heard one of the guards call to her.
	“Who are you?” he snapped, pointing a gun toward her. She wondered if security 
had increased because what happened to Yui.
	“I’m Dr. Ritsuko Akagi, technological development section. Here’s my ID.” She 
handed him her card, which had her picture with her new blonde hair. She wondered how 
her mom would react, since she hadn’t seen it yet. The guard presented a mini-scanning 
device out of his belt, it looked like those sliding machines of long-ago which were used 
in banks and supermarkets. He slid her card through it, and her information appeared on 
the small screen that had been built into the device. 
	{I wonder if he gets cable on that.} she thought, and then quickly pushed it aside 
she started to react. Then, she explained, “I came to see how the new command center 
installation was coming along, but I got lost.”
	He handed her the ID card, and barked, “The Commander and Dr. Akagi will see 
you in the command center, ma’am.” Then, he offered a brief solute, and turned to lead 
her. After what she felt was an hour, they arrived at a steel door. She was beginning to 
think the guard didn’t know his way around either. “Two wandering souls.” She 
muttered.
	“Excuse me, ma’am?” he asked over his shoulder.
	“Nothing.” She told him. She thought about what she had just said, and again she 
wished for something familiar.  She wished for Mousse, but he wouldn’t come back on a 
bet. She wasn’t sure if he even gambled. Then, she went past the guard, and into the 
command center. 
-----------------
	Naoko stood in front of Gendou, who sat in one of the chairs that would belong to 
one of the Enlisted. Rating Technicians. He wore glasses now, as he had when Yui had 
disappeared. 
	“Are you alright?” she asked him now.
	“Yes, I have no regrets concerning my work.” He replied.
	“You’re lying. You still can’t forget about Yui, can you?” she snapped, and when 
she said Yui’s name, Gendou could hear the hate in her voice, and that made him smile.
	She had mistaken that smile for love, and put her arms on his shoulders. “But 
that’s fine with me. ” She moaned, as she bent down to kiss him, and as she did, his eyes 
remained open as he looked at her mockingly. {Old hag, you must really think I actually 
care about you.} he thought,  watching the skin around her eyes crease, and the smell of 
her sickened him. It was one of those idiotic perfume the youngsters used nowadays, 
“Passion,” and sweat.
------------  
	As the two kissed, Ritsuko looked on, and felt ashamed of her mother. It took her 
aback some, so she waited until more people arrive at the command center. Then, she 
made her entrance.
	“Hello, Ritsuko,” Naoko said, hugging her daughter. “Welcome back.”
	“Hello, mother.” She strained a smile, then she turned to face Gendou, “Hello, 
Commander.”
	“Why Ritsuko, we’ve known each other for some time, now. You may call me 
Gendou if you wish.” He told her, through one his clever smiles. 
	“It would be lack of respect, Commander, and after all, I just arrived.” She replied 
in a controlled voice.
	{Clever girl.} he thought. He thought perhaps she would be of some use as well, 
maybe even more useful than her mother, and that made him think of the look Naoko had 
at the mention of Yui’s name. This only convinced him that he had get the older Akagi to 
hurry and finish the Magi, and after that much was done, he would do away with her.
-------------
	Mousse helped Nokoru get back to his apartment after the last party. He supposed 
that Nokoru would have a huge hangover, considering all the chugging contests his friend 
volunteered for. At least he was light, so Mousse was able to carry him on his back.
	“We told you not to chug all that, you moron.” Suo muttered.
	“Yes, father. As usual, you’re always right.” Nokoru muttered.
	“Is he going to be alright?” asked Maya. 
	“Yeah, sure.” Mousse told her.
	“Yeah, sure he will,” Suo added, “by next week he might even be able to stand 
up." 
	“We’re supposed to be helping him, Suo. We’re not supposed to make him feel 
worse.” Mousse said defensively.
Then Mousse looked his current girlfriend and gave her an assuring smile. She 
was wearing a gray sweater he had given her, and Mousse took this as a good sign Also, 
she wore the same black skirt she had when they first met in the library. 
“I’ll help you take him, if you like, Hikaru-kun.” Maya volunteered.
Mousse shook his head slowly, and smiled back at her. “Don’t worry so much.”
“Will he be alright?” She asked again, looking at Suo. He didn’t say a word.
“Yeah. He just needs to sleep it off.” Mousse told her.
“Hikaru-kun,” Akira said, “We’ll take care of him. I mean, you and Maya have 
other plans, right?” 
Suo and Akira took Nokoru, each of them putting one arm over their shoulder, 
and then began to walk.
“But you guys.” Mousse protested.
“Look, Nokoru can be a total idiot sometimes. You know that, Hikaru.” 
“Suo!” 
“But that doesn’t mean have to miss a date over it, Hikaru.” 
“But, Suo-” 
The detective let Akira hold Nokoru, while he went over to Mousse. Then, he  
grabbed his friend’s neck in a headlock, and told Maya, “Excuse us.” And then he put his 
over his mouth to whisper something to Mousse. 
“Look, do you like her?”
“Well, yeah.”
“Well, then. Go get her.”
“Suo-san!”
“Look, even Nokoru would tell you to take this chance. She’s a great girl. And 
we’re glad to see that you set yourself up real well. In fact, we’re all proud of you, 
Hikaru-kun. We want you to be okay, especially after all the shit you’ve been through. 
Now go!” With that, he let go of Mousse and shoved him towards Maya.
“Well, let’s get going.” Mousse told her.
“And your friend?” Maya asked.
“The guys said they’d take care of him.” Mousse told her, still looking at the 
guys, over his shoulder as he walked away with Maya. She looked back with him, and 
they were hauling Nokoru away. 
When she turned away, Nokoru was standing upright, and the three of them 
waved at the couple, and Mousse couldn’t help laughing a bit. 
“Bye, bye.” Akira shouted.
“Have fun.” Suo  added.
“Don’t stay out too late!” Nokoru shouted, and Suo elbowed him to be quiet. She 
looked back quickly, and saw them hauling Nokoru back to their office, and then she 
faced Mousse, who looked back at her.
“Something wrong?” he asked softly.
“Not at all.” She whispered.
“You know, for the first time in a long time, I actually believe that.” He told her, 
facing the setting sun.
(2010)
	Mousse sat in the closed café, waiting for Maya. He had helped the manager, and 
had tutored her during the past two semesters, so she gave him a copy of her key for the 
café, and he would go in there when he would talk with Maya. It was one way to 
guarantee that they wouldn’t be interrupted. He was reading a brochure she had given 
him. It read, “The Future Is Now with GEHIRN,” He couldn’t help feel some uneasiness, 
and more so when he read a listing of the staff, especially when he read the name, 
“Gendou Ikari,” and that perturbed him to no end, but he couldn’t remember why. He 
didn’t even know how she could have gotten the pamphlet he now held. He had also 
received one, and threw it away soon afterward, but he did get the letter from Ritsuko that 
came with him. It read,
	Dear Hikaru-kun,
I have joined Gehirn, and I am now in line for the head of the 
technological department. I wish you could come here, too, but I know how you 
feel about this place. Hikaru, can you try to come? At least once? I mean, you’re 
one of the best friends I have. The only friend, actually. I just wish you could see 
the amazing things we’ve done here. You wouldn’t even recognize it. I’ll 
understand if you don’t want to come, but at least keep in touch. 
Love,
Ritsuko
	“Hikaru-kun,” Maya said, as she waved at him from the entrance. “I’m sorry I’m 
late.” 
	“It’s alright.” He told her.
	“So what do you think?” she asked motioning to the brochure.
	“I don’t like it.” He admitted, immediately regretting it when he saw the hurt and 
angry look on her face.
	“Why not?” she wanted to know. “They have a great technology division, and you 
know how much I love computers!” she argued.
	“Yes, I know that, but there’s something I don’t quite trust. It’s all too 
suspicious.” He said, his voice going cool.
	“But it’s what I want!” she told him.
	“Maya, I’m not telling you whether or not you should go. However, if you do go, 
I can’t go with you.” he said calmly.
	“You’re not?” she asked softly.
	“I’m sorry.” 
	“Look, Hikaru-kun, you are extremely intelligent. I mean all the professors love 
you. You’d probably get in with a high rank.” She reasoned for him.
	“Maya, it’s not what I want.” He told her.
	“Why not?” she wanted to know.
	“I told you. I have my doubts about that place.” 
	“But Hikaru-kun, it’s what I’ve always wanted.” She pleaded.
	“Like I said, I’m not stopping you. I’m not forbidding you, and even if I did, 
would you listen to me?”
	“Well, I-” she found she couldn’t answer. She realized she was going to sacrifice 
her personal life once she said good-bye to him. It wasn’t fair.
	He stood up, and kissed her. “Look. I’ll go with you to the train station, and I’ll 
see you off. But I can’t go there. I just have a really bad feeling about that place, Maya, 
and I don’t think you belong there, either.”
	She pushed him away, “Who are you to tell me where I belong? You don’t even 
know where you belong!” she sneered. She saw he was taken a back, and then he reached 
out to hold her.
	“I don’t want to lose you.” he said.
	“Then, come with me,” she sobbed into his shoulder.
	“I can’t. I can’t go there. I just hope that you understand one day, Maya.”
	“Please, come with me. I don’t want to lose you, either” she pleaded.
	“I’m not asking you to choose. If you feel this is right for you, then do it. But, I 
can’t go there. It’s that place, those people. I can’t go with you. I’m sorry.” He tried to 
hold her, but she pushed him away, and Ritsuko’s letter fell from his sweater pocket. She 
picked it up, and looked at it. 
	“You should be,” she sobbed shoving the letter into his chest, then she grabbed 
her bag, and left the café. Mousse stood by the booth they sat in whenever they came 
here. He sat down next to the gray sweater he had given her, and put his head down. His 
headache had returned, making his head spin. Even when the restaurant opened, he felt 
nauseous, and this time, no one approached him, or asked if they could help. He didn’t 
expect anybody to do so either. He was used to being alone.
	Gendou stood with a young girl over a thick glass plate, which showed the Geo 
front. She looked like Yui in many ways, save for the blue hair, and the crimson eyes, 
which were intense, and not nearly as lively as Yui’s brown eyes had been. The girl was a 
product of bio-genetic engineering, created from the several blood samples he had of Yui. 
	It was Gendou’s desire, to see Yui again, that spurred him to create the little girl 
that now stood next to him. She wore a simple casual red dress with shoulder straps, a 
pink shirt underneath, and a pair of red shoes. 
	“…and this is Gehirn Headquarters.” Gendou told her.
	Naoko and Ritsuko approached the would be father and daughter pair, both of 
them ready for work after having gone to breakfast in the mess hall. “Good Morning, 
Commander. Did you bring your child today?” she asked. Then, she took a closer look, 
and amended, “Oh, wait. I could’ve sworn that you had a son.” 
	“Oh, no. This isn’t Shinji. I’ve decided to take care of an acquaintance’s child. 
Her name is Rei Ayanami.” Gendou told them.
	“Hello, Rei, I’m Ritsuko,” the younger Akagi said cheerfully. 
	Naoko took a closer look, and thought, {She resembles someone.} Then she 
thought about the picture of Yui carrying Shinji on her back. She had a quick glance 
before Gendou tossed it into the fire. {Yes, it’s Yui.} she thought angrily.
Naoko had gone through the hospitals for the local areas, and checked the data 
banks that went back to even ten years, and found no record for such a person. “All the 
records containing Rei Ayanami have been deleted? They’re all blank. What’s going 
on?”
Mousse saw Maya at the train station. It took all the courage he had to go there, 
but he just didn’t want to let her go. He went into a gift shop nearby, and had picked up a 
cushion with a two cats drawn on it. He saw Maya, now. She was crying, and holding a 
one suitcase, though just that one seemed too heavy for her to carry.
“Maya!”
“Go away.”
“No, listen to me. I want to be with you, and the reason why I can’t go there is 
because I lost someone that I loved very much, in that place. Now, I know it seems like 
I’m running away, and maybe I am. But I do know that I’ve grown to love you, and I 
won’t forget you.”
“Hikaru, I-”
“Listen to me!”
She nodded.
“Here,” he gave her the cushion he had bought. It was soft and cute, like her, and 
most of all, it was durable. “Don’t forget me.”
“I won’t.” she whispered, and then she moved to kiss him one last time. Then, she 
said good-bye, boarded the train, and she was out of his life.
On the train, she saw him wave at her, and she waved back with a smile, holding 
the pillow up to the window. As soon as the train started going fast enough, she held the 
pillow close to her. Then she started to cry, and cry. She couldn’t help it. She cried until 
she felt like she was going to burst. She got sleepy, and leaned back to sleep on the seat, 
and as she fell asleep, she whispered, “Goodnight, Hikaru. I love you.” 
Continued…
Ending Theme: Fly Me to the Moon….

Trailer
--------
Mousse: I miss you, Yui-san.

Yui:……

Gendou:  If I must deal with it, so must you.

Mousse:  Shut up! I didn’t ask you.

Gendou: And you seem to be doing so well, you little coward. Gaining friends here and 

there. I’ll make sure that you are dragged back here, where your suffering began.

Rei:  Hi, Hikaru.

Mousse: Who are you?

Rei:  I’m your friend, Hikaru.

Gendou: I made her, brat. You owe that much to me.

Mousse: I owe you nothing.

Gendou: Be grateful for what you have boy. Soon, I’ll have that ripped away from you as 

as well..

Mousse:  Next on Phoenix Chronicles is The Quest For Truth…
