Okay Just a few thing's first. I would like to thank Arashi 
(a.k.a. Zelgadis) For helping me come to a decision, and being my 
support. Next, I want to say thanks to Peter Suzuki for letting me 
carry on his great ideas, and I hope it lives up to his expectations. 
And.. I guess he's my editor too, now. 
*Shrugs shoulders* 
Okay, thats about it. All the legal (...well, semi-legal... Okay, maybe 
not legal at all, but a disclaimer nonetheless) stuff is at the bottom.
On with the story!


                      Really... No need for a Prolog!

				   By
			       Arial-Washu
	               (Original story by Peter Suzuki)


"NO WAY!" She shouted from across the street. Pedestrians quickly 
turned their heads, and were greeted with the sight of a small girl, 
running through the streets with a. . . a. . . PANDA chasing her! 
She had a pack over her shoulder, her shoes in her hands, and was 
sprinting down the streets. But the strangest thing was that she had 
pink hair that fell down to her ankles, and trailed behind her like a 
banner as she ran in the rain. 

"There is no way you are going to marry him off, Genma, and leave me 
stuck with the bride half of the time!" She yelled behind her. Suddenly 
she skidded to a stop and turned to face the panda. "That's enough pop." 
She said, coming into a defensive stance. The panda hesitated for a moment, 
then threw itself into an offensive position 

"Your move." The panda struck out with a flurry of attacks from its 
forepaws, and the girl leapt to a safe distance. Regaining her balance, 
she launched an attack of her own, and kicked the panda square in the 
stomach, sending it sprawling through the wet streets a few meters away. 
"Harumph, suck on THAT, old man." She said, turning her back on the panda, 
and picking up her pack and shoes as a shiver ran through her. 
"I can't believe you would marry him to someone, without his consent!" 
She said, brushing the pink hair from her eyes. 
"I'm going to Okayama and that's-" suddenly her face scrunched up 
"n-no.. We are going back to C-China!" She then threw down her pack, 
and continued to hold lengthy argument with herself. 

"We are NOT going back to China!" said shouted at herself. Once again, her 
face contorted into an expression of pure determination. 
"Yes we ARE! W-we have to go back, and find out how to s-split 
ourselves. . ." 

"No! My computer said that the main opening to my lab is at Okayama. 
We can then separate ourselves, there." 
"B-but the old ghoul said she k-knew how to divide u-us." 
*Damn it, Washu! Stop trying to keep me from talking, already!* 
"Oh, shut up! You know perfectly well that 'I' could find a better way, 
at my lab. . . That is, IF I could get the portal to work from there." 
"I don't give a @#$%! about a lab, that you can't even get to work right 
in the first place!"
"Shut up, Ranma. It IS working right. I just can't seem to get it to 
materialize a door from here. THAT'S why we have to go to the main door. 
Besides, Okayama is closer than CHINA!" Everyone on the street stared at 
the girl, who obviously was three marbles short of a deck of playing cards...
 Or something like that. Only a few of those present noticed that the panda 
was now moving again. 

The panda silently picked itself up and grabbed a handy sign post. 
Tearing it out from the concrete, it sneaked up behind the distracted 
girl and struck her with a loud *CLONG*. She was instantly knocked 
unconscious. The panda picked up the girl and her pack, and slung them over
 its shoulder. After persuading the crowd to mind its own business 
(Which consisted of a large roar or two) it continued on, Stopping only 
to buy some snacks at a nearby vending machine. 

"What's he like?" Asked Kasumi. As if Akane even cared. She didn't 
like boys to begin with, why should she be the one to be stuck with this 
arranged marriage? No.. It would probably be Nabiki or Kasumi even. At 
least, that's what she strongly hoped. 
"Ahem... I don't know." he responded 
"What?!" The three asked in unison. 
"I've never met him." 
"So you want us to marry someone we don't even know?" Suddenly there was a 
loud noise coming from the front door. 
"That must be them!" Soun said, rising from his seat and frankly, thankful 
for the interruption. Running of to the door with Nabiki, Kasumi and Akane 
stood to greet the guest. Soun appeared running back to them with Kasumi. A 
very terrified look on their face. Reaching the others, they turned about 
to face the giant panda that was following them. It even had a girl with a 
bored look on her face, over its shoulder. A very SHORT girl... only about 
four feet tall, in strange clothes, and with long pink hair. 
"Genma, come on, you're just scaring them more. Put me down already." She 
said in a tired voice.
*I can't believe this... showing up as YOU!* Ranma thought. 
*Hush already,* Washu replied. *There's nothing we can do about it. We'll 
just have to wait for an opening.* 
*There WAS one... but now its to late.. can't believe he hit me with a SIGN!
* Ranma complained. While this argument continued, Tendo's were having one
of their own over her and the panda. 
"Father, is this your friend?" Kasumi asked. Soun shook his head 
"No." 
"Oh, so this panda kidnaps some girl off of the street, and decides to come 
into our house?" Sarcastically commented Nabiki. "Happens all the time." 
"Dad, that girl said the panda's name is Genma. Didn't you say your friend 
was named Genma?" said Akane, still in fighting stance in front of the panda. 
"Oh, my. Do you think that the girl might be Ranma, then?" pondered Kasumi, 
also noticing how tame the panda seemed to be. 
"Excuse me!" Washu shouted. Silence filled the room. The panda looked 
apprehensive. "You must have me confused with someone else. My name is 
NOT Ranma! Its Washu, thank you very much. And I will not have Ranma 
married away to any one of you three!" She finished up. 

Silence prevailed the house hold. Then everyone burst out yelling at the 
little girl. (Besides the panda, of course, but he managed to look as if he
was yelling, amazingly enough) 
"Young lady, just what gives you the right to-" 
"What makes you think we're going to marry this Ranma person any-" 
"Why should we listen to what YOU have to say about us m-" 
"Oh, my! Can't we all just-" 
"GROWF!! GROWF!!" She just stood there and ignored it all. 
Finally Soun got the girls and himself under control. Turning back to 
the girl he asked 
"And what relation do YOU have with Ranma.... Washu?" 
"That's Little-Washu to you. And," she paused for a moment, stretching it 
out. The panda just looked bored, but the tension was so thick you could 
cut it with a knife. So he did. And he and he had a bite. Tasted like Meso
Soup, Genma observed. He offered some to Washu, but she politely declined. 
"I AM Ranma." She finished finally. 

END!

***********

Well? What did you think? This is my first fan fiction that I've had 
posted anywhere. I'd really like to hear what anyone thought about it. 
Just email to Washu_Wannabe@hotmail.com
and remember,

"Courage is almost a contradiction in terms. 
It means a strong desire to live taking the form of a 
readiness to die."
G.  K. Chesterton
	                                                                      
Thats your moral and fiber in a minute. See you later! O_o

************

Tenchi Muyo! Characters, places, and items belong to A.I.C. And Pioneer. 
Ranma 1/2 characters, locations, and items are the property of Rumiko 
Takahashi. I did not make these characters up, as you should well know.
(Much to my misfortune, heh.)

