The Crossover: A Mega Crossover of major anime series.
The premise
        --a being known as Vale is gathering certain people for an event 
only known as "The Crossover."

Crossover Units 1 and 2: Tenchi Masaki and Ryoko


        Everything is quiet in the Masaki household.  Tenchi is lying in 
his bed sleeping soundly until a voice wakes him.  
"Tenchi.....Tenchi..." the voice calls out.  Tenchi opens his eyes a 
bit, looks around the room, and goes back  to sleep. The voice returns.  
"Tenchi......Tenchi Masaki."  Tenchi opens his bloodshot eyes and  is 
fully aware of the voice now.
        "Who's here?"   Tenchi asks.  "Is that you Ryoko?"
        The voice calls out again.  "Tenchi Masaki."
        "Okay Ryoko," Tenchi says, "you better cut that out.  You can 
try to be appreciative of other people during the night."  Tenchi waits 
for the voice to respond, but it says nothing.  Tenchi gathers  himself, 
gets out of bed and heads towards the bedroom door.  Just as he is about 
to grasp the knob, the door swings violently open, knocking Tenchi 
across the room.
        Washu enters the room, looking around the room for Tenchi.  
"Tenchi," she says, "are you here?"  She sees Tenchi on the ground, 
holding his head in pain. 
        "Are you okay?" she asks.
        Tenchi gets up off the floor.   "Yeah, aside from the headache."
        "Who was here?"
        "I don't know......you should have a better  idea than me about 
that, Washu."
        "I was working in my  lab when I picked up a huge energy 
disturbance eminating from your room, Tenchi.  Did you hear anything at 
all?"
        "Well, Ms. Washu...."
        Washu pulls out a sub-atomic rocket launcher and points it at 
Tenchi.  "DON'T CALL ME MISS, okay?"
        Tenchi flails his arms frantically.  "I'm...I'm...I'm sorry 
Little Washu."
        Washu lets out a slight snicker.  "That's better.  Now please 
continue."
        Tenchi nods.   "Well...I heard this voice calling my name.  The 
voice sounded familiar to me."
        Washu brings up her dimensional computer and starts typing.  She 
materializes a chair and reclines back in it while analyzing the data.  
"Hmm.....now THIS is interesting."
        Tenchi leans towards Washu's computer.   "What?"
        Washu turns the screen towards Tenchi.  The screen is full of 
wavy lines on a grid pattern. "Now you see that this is a typical energy 
signature." She presses a few buttons and one of the lines starts to 
blink.  "This one here is the energy present in your room a minute ago."  
She presses a few buttons and another line is highlighted.  "This line 
here is an energy signature that I came in contact with when  I first 
met you."   She presses more buttons and another screen comes up.  "This 
is your energy signature in the fight against Kagato."  Another line is 
drawn onto the screen, "And this is Kagato's."  Another line is drawn.  
"If we combine these two signatures like so,"  she presses yet more 
buttons, "we get this signature, which is the one that was in your room.  
Do you understand?"
        Tenchi has a blank expression.
        "I guess not." Washu responds.
        Mihoshi comes running into the room.   Her bracelet is beeping  
"Tenchi," she exclaims, "Tenchi.  Something bad just happened."
        Washu looks at Mihoshi.   "Oh really?" she says in a sarcastic 
tone.
        Mihoshi continues.  "I just found out something really really 
bad."
        "And what would that be, Mihoshi?"
        Mihoshi looks up at the ceiling, then starts to cry.  "I 
forgot."
        Tenchi sighs.  "Figures."  He looks back at Washu.  "So do you 
have an idea of what was here?"
        Ryoko materializes into Tenchi's room.  "Someone's here!"  She 
says.  "The voice sounds familiar,  but I don't know who it is.  You got 
any  idea,  Washu?"
        "You too, Little Ryoko?" Washu says.
        "This isn't the time to play games Washu!" she retorts.  "Who 
the hell was here?"
        "I don't know."  Washu says.  "But now we have two instances.   
Tenchi also said that he heard a voice calling out to him."
        A distant scream is heard from Tenchi's room.  Tenchi  knew the 
voice instantly.  "Princess Ayeka!!" he screams, then runs out of the 
room to the  source of the scream.
        Ryoko's face showed jealously.  "Ooooooo.....that little brat 
Ayeka, trying to take advantage of the situation so that she can get 
close to MY Tenchi.  Well, that isn't going to happen anytime soon!"  
Ryoko phases out of Tenchi's room.
        "Well then," Mihoshi exclaims, "It is my duty as a Galaxy Police 
Office to find out exactly what is going on." She looks at Washu.  
"So....uh, Washu, what exactly is going on?"
        Washu walks to Mihoshi calmy, then grabs Mihoshi by her uniform, 
bringing  Mihoshi close to her, screaming "I DON'T KNOW!!!!!!!!!!"
        "Well excuse me, you just had to say so."  Mihoshi remarks. She 
checks her bracelet and taps it a few times.  "Maybe I can get a few 
clues with......with......ummm...how does this work again?"
        "You just go over there and be a good little detective  and 
don't touch anything, okay?" Washu tells Mihoshi.
        "Umm....okay then Washu.  You can count on me!"
        "I bet I can," Washu remarks.
        Tenchi violently pushes the door to Ayeka's room open.  
"Princess Ayeka!!!" Tenchi yells.
        "Tenchi!"  Ayeka responds.  "Someone was here," Ayeka says, 
"someon very familiar.....it was telling me to come back to Jurai...or 
be punished."
        "That's different," Tenchi says, "Ryoko and I have been hearing  
voices, but they were just calling our names. Maybe the source of all 
this isn't so mysterious after all."
        There's a muffled cry in the room. "Sasami?" Ayeka asks.  "Are 
you okay?"
        "Sasami?"  Tenchi says, "Are you  okay?"
        Sasami pops her head from the layers of blankets she is under 
and looks at Tenchi.  "Tenchi?" Sasami reluctantly says.  She is then 
overcome by emotion as she leaps her body upon Tenchi and hugs him 
tighty and crying.  "I had a bad dream Tenchi.  I'm scared."
        "It's all right Sasami, "Tenchi reassures her, "Everything is 
gonna be alright now."
        Sasami's teary eyes looks straight at Tenchi.  "You mean that?"
        "Uhhhh....yeah, no one will bother you.  I promise."
        Ayeka rests her hand on Sasami's shoulder.  "It's gonna be 
alright Sasami," Ayeka says, "don't you worry."
        "I hope so big sister.  I don't want to go back to Jurai, but I 
don't want to be punished either."
        "We're not going back anytime soon."
        Another voice enters Ayeka's mind.  That's what you think  She 
shrieks, "Tenchi!!!  It's here!!!!" and starts yelling incoherently.
        Tenchi starts looking around frantically.  "Where?   Who's 
here?"  He then pauses for a second.  "Washu!!!!!"  he calls out, "It's 
back!!!!"
        Washu enters the room.  "Tenchi, what's going on?"
        Tenchi looks back at Washu, "Ayeka is hearing the voice again."
        Washu gets out her dimensional computer and starts typing 
furiously, flashing one screen after another on her computer.  Ayeka 
stops her exerting screaming.  Washu exclaims, "Aha!  I found it!!!" and 
pushes a  button on her  computer.  
        At that instant, a blinding flash of light overtakes everyone, 
blinding them for a few seconds.  Washu is the first to recover from the 
blinding light.  "What the hell happened?" she asked herself.  She makes 
a quick glance around the room to see if everyone else is okay.  Washu 
sees Ayeka and Sasami starting to recover from the incident, but she 
doesn't see Tenchi anywhere.  "Where's Tenchi??"
        Ayeka looks around the room.  "I dunno."  Ayeka pulls herself up 
on her feet and starts to look for Tenchi.  "Tenchi!!"  Ayeka yells out.  
"Tenchi!!"
        Sasami turns to Washu.  "Where's Tenchi, Washu?"
        "I don't know," Washu replies.
        Just then Ryoko materialixes into the room.  "Tenchi??" she 
sings in her playful voice, "Where are you at??  You can't hide around 
here forever."
        "Tenchi isn't here."   Sasami replies.
        Ryoko looks  dumbfounded, "Well, where is he?"
        Washu explains, "We don't know.  Ayeka is searching through the 
house right  now, but I have a feeling that he isn't here at all."
        "What do you mean, Washu?"  Ryoko asks.
        "Well, I was trying to analyze the source of the disturbance 
that you, Tenchi, Ayeka and Sasami have been experiencing.  But after I 
have found the source, the room was engulfed with an energy that I must 
say, even stumps me.  My guess is that it's some sort of inverted 
dimensional gateway that this entity uses to get into our minds.  And if 
that is the case, then Tenchi...."
        Sasami finishes Washu's sentence,  "Tenchi must of been pulled 
into this dimensional gateway."
        "Yes," Washu affirms.
        "So who pulled Tenchi to where?"  Ryoko asks.
        "I'm not certain," Washu types a few keys into her computer,  
"but according to my calculatons, Tenchi isn't here at all.  But as to 
EXACTLY where he is, I don't know."
        An earth-shattering voice floods the room.  "Tenchi cannot come 
back until the events are completed."
        "Who are you?"  Washu calls out to the voice, "And what do you 
mean by 'the events' ?"
        "I," the voice says, "am but an observer of different worlds.  I 
seek those who are worthy of my.....how can I say this delicately, 
company.  He is a privelaged participant in one of the greatest 
spectacles ever known: Crossover."
        "What's a Crossover?" Washu asks.
        "THE Crossover is an event of my design that pits the best 
warrior from various worlds against each other.  Don't worry,  your 
Tenchi will not be harmed."
        Ryoko clenches her fists.  "Well, I want Tenchi back this 
instant," she demands, "and I want you to show yourself!  Face ME if you 
want a challenge!  Bring back Tenchi and take me instead!"
        The voice chuckles, "You can prove to be interesting.  You can 
participate in Crossover also."
        "Are you sure about this, Ryoko?"  Washu asks.
        "I am sure as I am gonna get.  Just find a way to where I'm 
going.  I'll get Tenchi back."  With that statement, Ryoko vanishes.
        "Two participants for Crossover from here,  this can prove to be 
interesting.  When all the competitors are summoned, I will come back 
for the rest of you.  You will be spectators for this events.  After 
all, I wouldn't want all of you to miss such a historical event."  The 
voice concludes, "Oh, I forgot to introduce myself, my name is Vale.  I 
will see you soon."
        Tenchi looks around in his new surroundings, which isn't much to 
see due to the total darkness he is in.  A spotlight shines on Tenchi.  
"Tenchi Masaki," Vale declares.
        "Yes." Tenchi reluctantly responds.
        "You have been chosen."
        "For what?"
        "For The  Crossover."
        "What Crossover?    I just want  to go home!"  
        Ryoko materializes next to Tenchi.  "Tenchi!" she exclaims, 
'You're all right."
        "Ryoko?!?   What are you doing here?"  Tenchi asks.
        "That's not important now. Washu is finding a way to get here.  
We'll be out of this nightmare  soon enough."
        Vale continues.  "Well, the other participant has arrived.  Well 
then.  As soon as the others arrive we can begin the  Crossover!!!"

These are the rest of the Crossover participants:
*Crossover Units 3 and 4: Shinji Ikari and Asuka Souryu Langly
Crossover Units 5 and 6: Ranma Saotome and Ryoga Hibiki
Crossover Units 7 and 8: Masamichi Fujisawa and Shayla Shayla
*Crossover Units 9 and 10: Goku and Piccolo

The main story does not take place after the summoning of Goku and 
Piccolo.  
If you want to help me write this, feel free to e-mail me at aeris-
gainsborough@juno.com
* denotes that these have been  taken by other people 