Well, the first part didn't get as far as I wanted it to but it wasn't all
that bad, was it? I'll give him something akin to a personality (you'll have

to be the judge of that), and hopefully do better than my last one.  I plan
on using the Tenchi Universe (the one with Kiyone) series for this, so if
you
see anything OOC inform me.

Anyways, please send all comments and suggestions (or flames, but I prefer
comments) to
Vandalier1@aol.com
I will be glad to read them (didn't anybody read the first one?  I haven't
gotten any feedback yet).  Or just MST the fic, I won't mind, really.  In
fact, I prefer it.
Now on to the disclaimer.

Disclaimer:  I do not own DB (whichever series of it you identify it as) or
Tenchi Muyo!  They belong to their respected creators and whoever else
produces them.  I am just borrowing some of the characters and ideas.  I
don't need anymore trouble than what I have at school right now, so don't
sue
me or anything.
Now that that is over with, on with the fic!  (yay)

Pride of a Sai-jin Chap. 2

Longing for the Past

"WHAT THE HECK IS THIS!!!"
Piccolo just loved pissing Dende off, but this time…
"PICCOLO, WHEN I TOLD YOU THAT YOU COULD TAKE A BABY UP HERE, THAT DIDN'T
MEAN YOU COULD HARBOR THE LAST SAI-JIN!  DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT YOU HAVE
DONE!"
"Dende, calm down…"
"I WILL NOT CALM DOWN!  THIS IS THE LAST SAI-JIN, THEY SHOULD ALL BE DEAD!
WHAT IF SOMEBODY HEARS OF THIS AND COMES TO KILL HIM!"
"They would first have to be strong enough to climb Korin's tower.  And
nobody can make a vehicle with the capacity to reach here.  Now calm down."
Dende was doing just that.  But when he spoke, his voice still had a
dangerous edge to it.
"This is unlike you Piccolo, why didn't you just kill every Sai-jin as
ordered?  I used to worry about you being unreachable.  Now I catch you
being
too compassionate."
"Keep your voice down, do you want to wake him up?  And get some clothes on
him while you're at it."
Dende had Kai held over his head and had completely forgotten to put him
down.  It was also very cold where the Sanctuary was.
"Piccolo, when did you turn into this boy's mother?"
"When I killed her."  Feeling a certain reaction within the baby's mind,
Piccolo tried to warn Dende.  "I think this would be a good time to…"
But it was too late for Earth's Guardian.
PPPPPPPPIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Suddenly, the front of Dende became very wet as the tiny Sai-jin's body
decided that enough was enough.
Fortunately, this seemed to cool Dende's temper a little (apparent from the
steam rising in heavy clouds from his body).
"Piccolo, I am going to take a long bath.  You may keep the baby if and only

if you can keep the child hidden from me for a month without taking him down

from the Sanctuary.  Does that sound fair?"
"Yes Kami."
Dende handed him the baby.
"Good, begin now.  And take the Nyoibo that connects this palace to the
tower, I'm not taking any chances."

It was going to be a very long month.

%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%

(8 years later)

Piccolo was extremely disappointed in his pupil.
"Hey Piccolo, betcha can't catch me this ti-ACK!!!"
The boy would never learn to keep his mouth shut.
Piccolo flew to the spot where the extra-crispy Kai had fallen.  In eight
years of training, the kid had increased little in strength (relatively) but

had a tongue that went a few thousand miles per second.  The only relief was

that he was now stronger than Dende, and so wouldn't have to worry about
dying at the god's hands.
"Dangit Piccolo, can't we stop for now?"
"NO!  All of this training and you aren't even as strong as Radditz!"
"WHO!"
Aside from his lack of strength, Kai also had enough holes in his memory to
make the Titanic seem seaworthy.
"Never-mind, now get up!"
Kai did so, but as he got up his hands seemed to shoot out, catching Piccolo

by surprise.  These arms were solid extensions of ki, but Piccolo thought
that Kai had suddenly found the ability to do a mystic attack (accessible
only to Nameks, it's when they extend their arms for a long distance grab or

punch) and allowed himself to be caught as the ki-arms cocooned him.
Piccolo did not stay like this for long.  He immediately blasted free and
threw a ki bomb, powerful but slow.  As long as the fool was smart enough,
it
shouldn't kill anybody.  But it would weaken Kai's defense for Piccolo to
exploit.
Kai did not move out of the way.  Instead, he made a large shield in front
of
himself to slow the bomb down.  Being careful not to prematurely detonate
the
energy, Kai extended his shield around it until he controlled the bomb.
 Then
he ate it.
It tasted like the spiciest food you ever ate minus the food part of it.
Somehow Kai managed to keep it down until he got the desired reaction.
He belched, sending all of the excess energy in Piccolo's direction if
Piccolo hadn't moved.  As it was, Piccolo was behind Kai.  With a deft hand
maneuver, he reached around and held Kai's mouth shut, redirecting the
attack
and knocking Kai out painfully.

Upon waking up, Kai realized that he was experiencing the most awful
headache
of his life.  But at least training was done.  He was back in his room,
clean
and with new clothes (obviously Piccolo's work).  Nothing too stylish, just
a
black training gi.  But it matched his long, black hair very well.  Under it

were the shirt, wristbands, and boots that he had worn all his life.
"Great, just great.  Now I look like a dark blot with green eyes and two
arms."
"Get used to it, that's what you are going to be wearing for the next year."

Jumping at the sound of Piccolo's voice, it took Kai a moment to understand
the implications.
"Hey Piccolo, do you mean we're going to train in the room of Spirit and
Time?"
"That's the one, you have a day to get ready.  Don't waste time and don't
bother Dende."
Kai was about to say something that would have added another bruise to his
collection, but Piccolo left.
"Really," Kai grumbled, "Piccolo needs to work on his communicating skills."

As he tied on his headband, Kai planned what he needed to do to prepare for
the trip.  He had taken several already and it seemed to help.  But his
capacity just wasn't large enough to improve on.
As he thought, Kai absentmindedly rubbed the small nub on his lower back
were
a tail should have been.

To be continued…

Well, it's shorter this time I think, but the story is coming together in my

head.  Too bad I'm lazy huh?  Then I'd work faster to write these up.  Till
next time (I estimate about 2 months, LOL).
Send anything that needs to be said to Vandalier1@aol.com

Ash Lambert
