I do not own the copyright to either groups.
================================================================================
Now that we have approached the mid-point of this story, it should be known
what is almost the full cast of characters:

>From Okiyama, Japan
Tenchi Masaki
Nobiyuki Masaki

>From Space
Ryoko     Washu
Ryo-ohki  Mihoshi

>From Jurai
Ayeka    Yosho/ Lord Katsuhiko
Sasami

Their servants
Azaka
Kamidake

>From the School of Gifted Youngsters
Professor Charles Xavier 
Dani Moonstar/ Psyche    Sam Guthrie/ Cannonball     
Doug Ramsey/ Cypher      Rahne Sinclair/Wolfsbane
Illyana Rasputin/ Magik  Roberto DaCosta/Sunspot
Amara Acquilla/ Magma 	 Warlock	

Thus we continue this story, celebrating the 20th anniversary of the New Mutants
and the 10th anniversary of Tenchi Muyo.
=================================================================================
	With a proud posture defining his royal heritage, Lord Katsuhito
stood at the results of his tardy actions. He had arrived at the battle too 
late. From Tenchi's phonecall this afternoon, a strange sense of disturbance
was sensed, but Katsuihito failed to take heed. It was with the fire at his
son-in-law's house that finally awoke him to the danger. Though he hurried 
with great speed from his shrine, his entry saw only few in the battlefield. 
His grandson, sisters, and their friends were all absent. Ryoko stood alone, 
though the priest found a difference in her. She was hovering around, 
ignorant of him.
	His wooden stick was the only weapon in his grasp. The Tenchi blade
was missing, like its present owner. So far the pirate had not seen him. If
he acted fast, perhaps he could stun the opponent and force answers to his 
present questions.
	Ryoko was floating close, arriving nearby a small hill. The time
of attack was at hand. With his sword poised, his energy hidden, the 
priest moved with swift feet. The hill turned his movement upward. He 
flew from it, diving his sword with him.
	But the pirate was ready. 'She' turned to face him, 'her' two arms 
pulling two things from hiding. Identifying the new items, Katsuhito forced 
himself to back away from the pirate. Curse him, the priest angrily realized. 
In one of the pirate's arms was his son-in-law Nobiyuki. He hung dangled, 
his neck in 'her' hands. The second item was the ravenhaired Indian, one of 
the new visitors. She was hanging by the hair, her two ponytails grasped 
like ropes.
	"The moment you strike," smiled Ryoko in a masculine voice. "I'll
kill them."
	Katsuhito knew that voice. He also knew his reply. He had time to 
save one, but not the other. He lowered his sword in defeat.
	"Where is my grandson?"
	"It appears the boy made an escape with his weird cast of characters."
spoke the pirate, 'her' face full of curiousity. "It mattered much to me to 
eliminate them, but I realize some new factors that make me want to learn." 
Ryoko held the Indian close to 'her' face. "This new person is exceedingly 
interesting to know about."
	"Take me instead," the priest negotiated. "Spare them."
	"I don't need you anymore, old man. But I have plans for your
family. If they ever return, which they will, you can give them a message.
Either they come, or these two go." 	  
	With that, Ryoko vanished with 'her' cargo.
===	
	The whole thing seemed like a blur to Ayeka.
	After pursuing Tenchi and Illyana in vain, she had met with the rest 
of the demon's friends. Next thing to happen was that she and Amara joined 
together to see a battle near a fiery blaze where her home once was.
Seeing Ryoko fight Tenchi caught her unexpected; Ayeka could predict 
everything that pirate was capable of, except that. With great concern, 
she convinced Amara to use her earth-manipulating powers on Ryoko 
while she protected Tenchi and his friends Sam and Roberto. That failed 
with both of them temporarily getting knocked out. At revival, Ayeka
saw that demon Illyana put her clutches on her Tenchi, an attempt she 
bravely put a stop to. The next things to happen was a fight by a 
wolf-formed Rahne and a weird-looking creature against the pirate. 
Then Mihoshi came, distracting Ryoko long enough for Amara to trap her. 
Then a burst of light swallowed everyone to a different place.
	It was one of those days.
===
	Of the group, only Sam, Rahne (who had transformed back to human 
form after her bad landing), and Roberto were out of it, slowly regaining 
consciousness.
	"Where are we?" asked Ayeka.
	Tenchi looked around with realization. "We're back at the school!" 
 	"It's the only place we could go." replied Illyana aloud. 
	Tenchi went over to see the ailing Sam. "Are you all right?"
	"Once muh head stops ringin'," answered Sam, clutching his head. 
"That's some lady you got there."
	Similarly, Amara asked Ayeka how she was. Her reply sounded gibberish.
	Tenchi got up and looked around. Of the New Mutants, he couldn't tell 
who was missing, but of his own family, his answer was as quick as a 
thunderbolt.
	"Where's my Dad?"
	"He wasn't with us when we were searching for you," said Sasami. The 
princess stilled on the meaning of her words. Tenchi too was rattled by the 
realization. Washu and Grandpa were also not with them.
	"Illyana!" he screamed, "We've got to go back!"
	"It's too dangerous," said the girl. "I might teleport us into the
future again."
	"You must!" cried the boy, grabbing the girl's arms. "Please!"
	Illyana looked into Tenchi's worried expression. The feelings she 
had for him forced her head away; it was impossible to port, and yet she 
couldn't say no to him. 
	This convinced Tenchi of Illyana's inability. He then turned past 
Roberto and Sam. He grabbed Ryo-okhi.
	"Ryo-ohki," he commanded, frantically shaking the cabbit. "Take me 
back to Okiyama!"
	Roberto, who was about out of his unconscious daze, overheard this. 
"Are you crazy, prince?" he shouted, "I don't see the reason why!"
	"Because my dad is still there, bonehead!" Tenchi strongly 
reacted, with a cruel emphasis on the word bonehead. "Are you that 
heartless?"
	Roberto socked Tenchi. Oh, he definitely regretted the action's 
commitance; he didn't realize until his action that Tenchi was worried about 
his father, a compassion Roberto didn't share with his own dad, though 
he wished it was otherwise. However, the humiliation of being beaten by 
Ryoko- twice in one day- had thinned his patience, and Tenchi's accusation 
destroyed what was left.
	At any rate, the hit threw Tenchi to the ground. Stroking his bruised 
cheek, the lad ran right back up, ready to deal with the jerk. However, Sam ran 
in front of him.
	"Now hold it!" 
	"Out of my way, Sam!" shouted Tenchi. "I'm going to show that creep-"
	"You and what army?" remarked Roberto. He was actually sorry about his 
action, but he believed such restraint at this moment was beneath his dignity.
	"Me, Bobby!" thundered Illyana to Roberto's face. "You didn't do such a 
great job against Ryoko. At least Tenchi held his own fighting his friend. 
Something he wouldn't have done if you and Sam weren't in danger!
	"Yeah," continued Sam. "He's going through a hard time what with his 
pappy back there." This last remark calmed Roberto down. Unfortunately, it did 
little to calm the anger of another.
	"You seem t' care 'bout Tenchi." cried a frantic Rahne. "More than
you have for Dani!"
	This sentence shocked both Sam and Illyana. In all the excitement, they 
once again forgot about the chief! 
	"I'm sorry," quietly toned Illyana.
	The apology had no effect on Rahne. She walked between the group, 
facing Illyana with her back to Tenchi; "Oh tha's what you like us t' think, 
you witch!" she shouted excitedly, almost sounding like a growl. "You 
tricked Dani into trustin' you. This whole trip must've been a trap so 
you be rid of us!"
	Illyana stood furious before this verbal assault. "Now wait a 
minute!-"
	"Don't tell me what t' do!" growled the scotsgirl. She was getting 
hairier, toothier, and fiercer. A calmer Tenchi moved behind Rahne, placing 
his hand on her shoulder. This caused a flinch. 
	"GIT YUIR HANDS OFF ME, YOU YELLOW MONKEY!" growled Wolfsbane as she
turned her wolfstretched head to the boy. Tenchi would have been taken aback
by that racial slur if he wasn't already fearful of this hairy abomination
Rahne had become. He realized SHE was the wolf who attacked Ryoko.
	Wolfsbane was ready to throw a claw at Tenchi when a number of small 
logs floated around her. Energy then crackled from the pods and into the wolf.
	Ayeka stood defiant, speaking a declaration that most of the group
didn't understand. 
	"What is she saying?" spoke Roberto.
	"'Leave Tenchi alone!'" answered Doug, glad his power could be of use.
	Illyana didn't need to wait to get the last line. Although Rahne wasn't
her friend, she was still her teammate. Running to her aid, Magik conjured
the soulsword. Throwing her blade at many directions, the Sorceress struck all
the logs, neutralizing their magic.
	Ayeka saw this. In a command unknown to all but her group and Cypher,
she ordered Azaka and Kamidake to attack the demon girl. The two guardians
came closer toward Illyana. With a wave of her sword, Magik struck Azaka on
the side and Kamidake in the rear. Although she pulled her punches, the trail
of wounds on the Guardians showed progress with minor on one guardian to 
severe on the other. Then she ported them away. Now it was the Princess' 
turn.
	Warlock offered to put a transmode virus on Illyana's opponents,
only to be refused by Doug. "Don't ever use it on a living being," was
his warning.
	Magik now faced Ayeka. "This sword can break spells and harm magical 
persons," the sorceress fiendishly grinned. "Let's see what it can do to you!"
	Ayeka spoke some gibberish, and stood defiant. 
	Magik was about to plunge her eldritch blade when Tenchi ran in 
front of her. 
	"Stop it, Illyana!" Tenchi announced. His presence halted the girl 
instantly.
	Suddenly, Ayeka smiled behind Tenchi. "Oh Tenchi, how thoughtful of
you to came to my aid against this demon girl! 
	Tenchi sighed. Ayeka then placed his sword hilt on his hand.
	"You dropped this when Ryoko attacked you. Use it on this demon!"
	"What the hell is she saying?" said a puzzled Illyana.
	Sam was with Doug and Warlock administering to the wounded Wolfsbane.
He had an answer. "Ah guess that since we're outta Japan, that contraption 
that Washu girl made t' make us 'll speak the same language no longer works."
	(Meanwhile, Mihoshi made her own deduction. Due to the transfer of
their surroundings, she thought, and the strange sounds coming from these
people, there was only one conclusion she could think of: They were all 
speaking different languages!)
	"Great, we're in our own tower of babel." grumbled Roberto.
	"Don't worry," said Doug. "I'll translate."  
	Just then, Wolfsbane arose, transforming back into human. Ayeka's
attack had cleared her mind. This meant realization on what she almost 
did to Tenchi. The remorse unbearable, Rahne ran away.
	"Come back!" cried Sam.
	Let her be, said a voice in most of the Mutants' heads. A door 
opened, revealing the Professor in pajamas and a robe. Mihoshi's eyes 
widened at this figure, as did the Professor's when he saw her, though 
it was more shock than suprise. Not HER again, he thought to himself. 
	Tenchi charged before the Professor. "Professor Xavier!" he cried. 
"I need help."
	"I'm sure you do," coldly said Xavier. Walking closer like an actor
to an audience, he commanded. "My pupils, before anything is said, I require
your permission to read your thoughts."
	Tenchi's eyes widened. "But I thought you said-"
	"Only if the situation was necessary, and it is." interrupted the
Professor.
	Still, Tenchi was apprehensive about it, as was Amara. "Could we not
speak it to you?"
	"I'm afraid that would take too long," he replied, "And there is the
chance you might accidentally omit any important information. Understand that 
I do this with the greatest reluctance."
	Everybody sighed, but accepted. Xavier than turned to Tenchi. "May I
please?" he kindly asked, placing his hand on the boy's shoulder.
	"All right." Tenchi reluctantly accepted.
	With that, the Professor opened his mind links to most of his students 
and Tenchi. It was all rather difficult, considering that everyone had 
witnessed a different incident from the other. But gradually the pieces 
came together. From Tenchi's thoughts Xavier learned about Illyana's offer 
to take him back home. He felt the boy's grief to find out his family were 
slaughtered by an unseen force, as well as the relieving knowledge that the 
two travelers had actually gone to the future, promising a chance of 
salvation. In his pupils' mind he saw Illyana convincing them to come with 
her to Tenchi's home in Japan. In Amara's mind, he felt an attack by a dust 
monster and the disclosing of their powers to Tenchi's friend the Princess 
Ayeka. In Roberto and Doug's minds he viewed Dani's suspicion of the unseen 
force to be within Tenchi's circle of friends. Returning to Tenchi he saw 
the Nightmare images from the Princess Sasami. The Professor grew concerned 
at the sight of the New Mutants lying dead with Tenchi and Illyana the 
probable cause. He continued his mind trek to see Tenchi follow a 
frightened Illyana to her domain in Limbo. There he was horrifed in seeing 
the girl in demonic form, a shock relieved when Tenchi convinced Illyana of 
the goodness within her.
	With reluctance did Xavier feel the absent Rahne's thoughts of Dani 
in grave distress. In Sam's mind he saw the boy rescue Tenchi and Illyana from 
that force. It was Ryoko, but looking through Tenchi's mind there was another
entity within her. The Professor saw different tactics by different students. 
Sam making a failed attempt to attack Ryoko. Rahne temporarily rescuing Dani 
and Tenchi's father. Roberto tried to ensnare Ryoko. Amara made a lava blast
to destroy Ryoko. In Doug's thoughts, Xavier saw Warlock try unsuccessfully 
to infect Ryoko with a transmode virus, an attempt that literally blew up in 
the techno-being's face. Finally, he saw the his students, including some of
Tenchi's friends, go through a stepping disc, which could only have been by...
	"Illyana," the professor finally spoke up, "That was your doing."
	"We were fighting a losing battle, Prof." answered Illyana. "I had
to get everybody out of there."
	"Except for Dani and Mr. Masaki." the Professor coldly added. "I see.
You, Samuel, and Tenchi, report to my office.  The rest of you be hospitable 
to our royal guests."
	"Wait!" cried Tenchi. This was not the time to have a conversation!
But the Professor turned and walked away, expecting his orders to be
followed. Tenchi followed.
	Ayeka, who witnessed nothing of this mental exchange cried out for
answers. But the four were gone.
	Mihoshi turned to her. "Ayeka, do you know who that was?"
	'Who?"
	"I think that was the Shiar Prince Consort!"
	Ayeka faced Mihoshi with a "what!" 
===
	Tenchi remembered once back in school how he and some classmates
pulled a joke on a sensi. The result meant a trip to the principal's office.
Being at the Professor's office brought back the feelings of doom, suspense,
and self-loathing. He, Illyana, and Sam sat on three chairs before the 
Professor's desk. The instructor looked at them all with icy glares. Tenchi 
felt like he was spending an hour here, even though actually a minute or two 
was made sitting there.
	Tenchi was antsy to the Professor's methods. Although he felt nothing,
the fact that someone was looking inside his thoughts was disturbing. He felt
so naked. He wondered if both Illyana or Sam felt the same thing. The 
Professor said he was doing what was best for him. Too bad things were no 
longer hopeful; The New Mutants promised the same thing, and they failed big.
	Then he realized that the Professor might be reading this as well! 
	The telepath stood up. His face ready to explode. "Of all the 
reckless actions!"
	"Professor," said Illyana meekly. "We had to do this."
	"Miss Rasputin." the Professor cruelly corrected. "You used your powers
with the knowledge of their unpredictable nature, resulting in a trip to the
future. Then you got the rest of the mutants to follow you to a foriegn country 
with dangers awaiting them. You DEFINITELY didn't have to do this!"
	"We left you a note."
	"I'm afraid "went out with Tenchi" is a little vague, especially from
what I now know."
	"This was important." said Sam.
	"And irresponsibly handled. As deputy leader, Mr. Guthrie, you 
should know better. Now one of your classmates and Tenchi's father are in 
great danger."
	Tenchi felt sorry for Sam, looking shamefaced at the Professor's 
verdict. He had seen Sam acting troubled lately, trying to do his best 
but having failure happen anyway. Sam had done some good things, like 
saving him and Illyana. He didn't deserve this.
	"I take full responsibility." Tenchi interrupted in behalf. 
	"Mr Masaki," responded Xavier. "Keep in mind you are only a guest, 
not a student. You had no right to send my pupils in this dangerous trip 
they couldn't handle."
	Sam was defensive. "We couldn' remain here knowin' Tenchi's family 
'll get killed!"
	Xavier sat back. "You have a point. You did what you thought was 
right. But good intentions often lead to trouble. This was far beyond 
your abilities. Better left to professionals."
	"Why couldn' you contact us?" asked Sam.
	"I spent the last hours doing that with Cerebro. Unfortunately, the
present magnetic disturbances have limited the extent I could stretch my 
psionic abilities around the world. You went to Japan without my guidance. 
A lack that proved disastrous."
	"Professor, please!" cried Tenchi. "We have no time for this. My 
father, Ryoko, Washu, and Dani are in danger."
	The Professor leaned back. His face meditative.
	"They should be, considering what you've told me about Kagato."
	"Who's Kagato?" said Sam. Illyana was puzzled as well. It was
Ryoko who hurt Tenchi's family; wasn't she?
	"Tenchi," asked the Professor. "May I link your mind to Illyana 
and Sam?"
	'Why not?" grumbled Tenchi, his mind was already open to him 
despite his reservations; why not make it open to the public? He thought 
about the pirate who enslaved Ryoko and sent her to attack Jurai. This 
started the chain of events that would lead to his own existence and 
the coming of his family. When Kagato returned and attacked, Tenchi 
defeated him using the Light Hawk Sword. He thought he was dead, but 
it looked like a mistake. 
	"Wait a minute," said Illyana, "You killed him!?"
	"I did," said Tenchi grimly. "It's something I'm not proud of."
	Illyana sat mixed with emotions. She didn't think Tenchi was 
capable of killing. She didn't know whether to be shocked or proud.
	"Of course, one cannot be killed if one wasn't dead to begin with."
added an unseen voice.	
	Everybody turned their eyes to a corner. There, levitating in 
mid-air, was a familiar midget scientist.
	"Washu?!" cried Tenchi with a relieved reaction. "You were here 
with us all this time?"
	Washu nodded with a smile.
	"Astounding!" said the Professor. "I didn't notice you there 
before. You've managed to shield yourself both mentally and physically."
	"A reasonable action of mine," Washu promised. "But enough of that."
The scientist then walked to Tenchi, looking at him straight in the face. 
"I'm sure you want to know what's up with my daughter."
===
	Meanwhile, in the living room. Doug Ramsey exchanged conversations
with Mihoshi and the two Princesses. Like everyone else, Doug felt guilty- 
though perhaps in a wrong way. It was true he was terribly worried about 
Dani, but what really fueled his guilt was that despite the situation he 
couldn't help but feel excited. Joining the School a week ago and finding 
out it was the X-Men's HQ was a great suprise. He was now doing things  
he never dreamed of doing, like speaking to aliens from another planet. 
Now Tenchi's arrival was an adventure come true, and with the exceptions 
of his friend Warlock getting hurt and Dani's possible abduction, he was
enjoying every moment of it. 
	Mihoshi's comments about the Prof. was a highlight. It turned
out he had married the recently deposed Empress Lilandra, Majestrix of 
the Shiar Empire, an Imperial rival to the kingdom of Jurai. The officer 
knew all this by being at Lilandra's coronation; An incident occured there 
that needed Mihoshi's expertise. Ayeka realized she was really out of touch 
with the present political affairs.
	Afterwards Doug told them how the Mutants REALLY met Tenchi. As he 
spoke in the Juraian language, Warlock provided reenactments in his/its 
silly and confusing way, by morphing into the persona or an object. 
It must be said that the audience preferred Doug's version better. This 
was not because they were afraid of the techno-being, and if it were, it 
was a far less fright than the story Doug told them. It was disturbing: 
Tenchi saw their graves?!? It made the aliens better understand and like 
the Mutants for saving their lives. 
	Most of them anyway. Ayeka was still wary of that demon Illyana. 
Her reasons were a combination of jealousy and fear- both having to do 
with Tenchi. She saw that monster trying to get under Tenchi's good side after 
he was rescued by Warlock- no doubt a plan to bring him to that dark domain 
she was a party to. From what she saw, Illyana was an evil witch of the most 
depraved character. How can the Mutants trust her? Did they know her secrets? 
If not, then perhaps she should tell them that she saw their lifeless bodies 
in that image of Sasami's dream, with evil faces of both Illyana and Tenchi 
laughing away at the sight.
	Sasami too had her thought of Illyana, though not in the fierce, 
one-track mind vigilance of her sister. At first, Illyana was a nice person. 
It was only in her dreams that she saw the girl as a scary-looking monster. 
However, unlike her sister, Sasami remembered Illyana's reaction of that 
image of Tenchi. It actually appeared as if Illyana was far more afraid of 
seeing Tenchi as a monster, then seeing herself as one. It didn't look like 
an act. Then, there was the fact that some of Illyana's group appeared to 
trust her (except for Rahne, who at present was absent; something Sasami 
knew she had to look into). Was Illyana really that bad?!
	Whatever the differences in their beliefs, both girls had a
similar thing to worry about. What has happened to Father, Washu, and 
Dani? They were still at home, possibly under Ryoko's clutches. What did
that mean for Yosho their brother? Although he was a fine warrior, Ryoko 
was still a powerful force to reckon with.
	This made the girls think of Ryoko as well. How could she be 
doing such things? According to Doug, it was believed that their future
murderer was from within their group. Ryoko's sudden aggressiveness seemed 
to mark her as that culprit. It was a shock to all. Mihoshi was worried
about arresting a friend. Even the Princess Ayeka, for all her past 
grievances and present rivalry with the pirate, felt shaken about Ryoko's 
vendetta. What could make her do such a thing? Ryoko was bad, but not THAT 
bad. From their search for Tenchi after his second disappearance, Ayeka 
had appreciated Ryoko a little better. Anyone was better than that blond 
demon.
===
	Washu gave a rather descriptive explanation on how Kagato got
Ryoko (That is, once she informed everyone she wanted to be referred
to as "little Washu"). When Tenchi had mortally wounded him, Kagato 
had transferred his essence into his ship the Soja. Unfortunately, 
the Light Hawk Sword had mortally damaged that ship as well, so there 
was only one outlet he could go to: Ryoko. Since her energies were 
being absorbed into Soja at the time of his destruction, it was only 
natural for Kagato to send his essence into Ryoko through the transfer 
links. However, it was probably a very difficult plan to execute, 
draining his energies to a point that once inside Ryoko, it took a 
while for Kagato to laud his strength and dominate her.
	Sam was intrigued by this info. To a sci-fi fan like him it was
enriching.
	"Never mind about that," demanded Tenchi. "Why didn't you do 
anything to avert this!"
	"WELL, much of my machines were destroyed by Ryoko and Ayeka in that
fight that sent you here." explained Washu. "There was no way I could find 
out until it was too late. Besides, the sudden appearance of these guinea 
pigs took most of my attention."
	"What do you mean GUINEA PIGS?" said Illyana.
	"Believe me, you don't want to know." answered Tenchi.
	"If you excuse me!" interrupted Washu. "I wish to continue. I 
didn't find out until Ryoko- or should I say Kagato- came to my lab last 
night. Before I could do anything, he slapped a computer virus that generally 
threw my computer systems out of my control." That was what Washu said. She 
left out the part about being so frightened about meeting the pupil she 
taught, who she loved like the son she lost, and who betrayed and imprisoned 
her, that she couldn't think carefully enough to do anything but run away. 
	"The only way to escape," continued Washu, "was to implement the 
dimensional simulator. Since I was repairing it while I was searching for
Tenchi, it was on a different system from my computers. I threw myself into 
a vortex, closing the portal so Kagato couldn't follow. I stayed there until 
I sensed a link of dimensional teleportation..."
	"Which was my stepping disc back to the school." interrupted Illyana.           
===
	Sasami wandered in the halls of the mansion in curiosity. The whole 
place was larger than Tenchi's house. She even got a look at the kitchen.
However, there was a goal to this search, and Sasami found it weeping on
the stairs.
	It had the shape of both man and wolf, but it sat like a man. Despite
its grisly face, one could see sorrow from the tears the beast's face was
wet with.
	The wolf roared. Its voice appeared to growl with anger, scaring 
Sasami a little. However, the Princess got closer. She sat beside the animal, 
smiling with warmth and understanding. Sasami couldn't understand the words,
but she knew what worry and sorrow were.
	The beast had her arms to her face. Sasami clapsed one of them, her
touch gentle and nonaggressive. Getting to her feet, the princess moved off
the stairs, pulling the wolf with her. Rahne wanted to be alone; she didn't
want anyone around her. However, the senses she had in her lupine form told
her that Sasami meant well. So she got up, transforming back into a human,
and followed the little girl.
===
	"I'm fearful about what's going to happen to Dani and Tenchi's dad
and grandpa." said Illyana with deep seriousness. 
	"Grandpa can take care of himself." said Tenchi in a face that
was sure at first, then sank into sadness. "It's Dad I'm worried about. 
Illyana and I saw his grave and several others. There's a good chance that 
may still happen."
	"If the New Mutants hadn't interfered it might have happened that 
way." corrected Washu. "I'm sure Kagato would have let his passion for 
revenge briefly overthrow his intellect. However, things have changed."
	"I don't understand." said Tenchi. 
	Washu stood up like an actress in a play. "Think of time as a 
tapestry being woven. Consider the sheet as completely white. Started 
that way, and will no doubt be completely finished that way. That would 
symbolize the planned future you saw. However, think of the Mutants as 
a red yarn that was added to the tapestry. Instantly, the yarn would 
disrupt the color of the work, resulting in a different pattern than 
expected."
	"So that intervention," said Sam, "changed the future the way the 
red yarn ruined the white tapestry?"
	"Correct." added the Professor. "For better or for worse, the
future Tenchi and Illyana saw was averted."
	"And its a good guess that Kagato won't murder Masaki or Moonstar
because of it." theorized the scientist. "At the moment, they may be 
valuable. I found you mutants interesting. So will he."   
	"So Wa- Little Washu," Illyana corrected himself. "Isn't there any
way you can get your computer control back?"
	Washu's smile dropped. "I'm not sure."
===
	"I've had enough of this!" cried Roberto, his sun-charged body 
shaking with impatience. "Shouldn't we do something to save Dani!"
	Ayeka was just as impatient, "And what about Tenchi and that
demon!?"
	Amara reacted, "I would choose my words more carefully...
	Everybody paused. 
	"When did we suddenly understand Ayeka?" asked Roberto.
	Amara's posture became confused. "We did not a moment ago."
	"Query: does- XAVIER- possess- DEVICE- like- WASHUFRIEND?" 
asked Warlock.
	Everyone shook their heads.
	Mihoshi gasped a possible answer. "Maybe Washu is with us!"
	"SELF- sensors- A- new- LIFEGLOW." confirmed Warlock.
	"Then it is Washu!" Ayeka started up to the hall leading to 
Xavier's office. Mihoshi, Doug, Amara, Warlock, and Roberto followed. 
	"Wait Ayeka," cried Doug. "We can't barge in. The Professor is 
talking to Sam and the others."
	"Forget it Doug," Roberto joined the Princess' cause. "If it 
concerns Dani, it concerns all of us."
	"If it concerns that demon," Ayeka snidely replied, "it must be 
to no good." 
	"That is enough!" roared Amara. Her declaration stopping Ayeka 
in her tracks. "That demon has a name! I suggest you call her properly."
	Ayeka faced her new opponent. Of all the mutants, Amara was the 
Princess' closest acquaintance. Rahne was shy, the demon was...well, 
but Amara appeared the most noble and friendly. Their intimacy was solid 
enough that when their groups got together during Ryoko's rampage, Amara 
and Ayeka quickly joined forces to fight the pirate.
	"You are in my respects, dear Amara," cooly replied Ayeka. "But 
why must you defend Illyana? You must know that-"
	"That she is a demon sorceress, possessed of great evil?" accurately
predicted Amara, her words placing the Princess' face in shock, her voice 
speechless. "I am well aware of this, your highness."
	"But why do you consider such a person your friend?"
	"Dear Princess, I am no stranger to evil persons. My own mother was
murdered by such evil. But from what I've witnessed of Illyana, she is among 
the most valued of comrades I have known in this circle of friends."
	"But she is evil!"
	"I do not deny the corruption of her soul." smiled Amara. "But 
Illyana has done things that cause me to question whether that evil is 
in control of her. I once was almost corrupted by an evil demon. My soul 
was almost forfeit until Illyana cleansed it. I am on her side no matter 
what you say."
	"Then hear this then," said Ayeka in defense. "I saw a vision of 
you, Sam, and the others lying dead, with Illyana and Tenchi looking over 
them with evil smiles."
	Amara was hit hard by these words. Doug, Warlock, and Roberto were 
also on hand to hear this dark apparition. Of this group, only the latter
really knew what Illyana was.
	"What do you mean?" cried Roberto.
	"I mean what I say." said Ayeka. "Illyana, Tenchi, my sister and 
myself all saw this image made by Dani from my sister's dreams. Illyana stood
as a monster with Tenchi at her side."
	Despite the shock, Amara deciphered meaning and understanding. "And 
what did Illyana do when she saw this?"
	"She screamed and ran away. Obviously she was trying to get away now 
that her plans had failed."
	Then it must have scared her as well, Amara made an original 
conclusion. Once more sure of herself, she asked. "Then tell me this, 
Princess, if she had Tenchi there when she wanted him to be, why did she 
retreat FROM him?"
	"You're right," said Doug. "Illyana is a teleporter. She could 
have taken Tenchi then and there."
	"When she ran away," corrected Ayeka, "he followed and she took 
him."
	"Where she corrupted him?" said Amara. "Correct?"
	"If Tenchi was now bad," said Doug, "why did he come back to save 
Sam and Roberto? (This line made Roberto look away in thinking) Why is he 
presently worried about his pop? And why did Illyana take us back here when 
things got too hot?" 
	"If she was as evil as you say," said Amara, "she would have left 
us to our fate."
	Ayeka had not realized these details. Doubts were now settling upon
her once solid belief. Could she have been wrong? 
	The squeaks of Ryo-ohki broke the tension of the scene. Everyone 
saw the cabbit come toward them, running in fear. Her trail was 
closely pursued by flames. The cause showed itself by flying in the air.
	"What's that?" cried Ayeka. It looked like a small dragon.
	"It's Lockheed," answered Doug. "He's the pet of a friend."
	"Must think Ryo-ohki's food." said Roberto.
	Ryo-ohki's leap to Ayeka gave her cause of protecting the animal.
A field flew up separating the beast from herself. Roberto grabbed a hydrant, 
extinguishing the firespots. 
	Warlock grabbed Lockheed. "Remember Locke!" warned Doug. Warlock 
didn't want to hurt his/its dearest friends, so the techno-being let Lockheed 
go. The creature continued toward Ryo-ohki, but Ayeka's shield protected them.
	"Let me help." said Doug. This was going to be a first, he thought
to himself. Cypher made grunting sounds. Lockheed took notice, then flew
away. 
	"What did you say?" asked Amara.
	"I told him Kitty would be mad at him," Cypher smiled, feeling
ten feet tall.
===
	Rahne sat at a table in the kitchen. Sasami was nearby, looking 
around the cupboards. Unfortunately, the foriegn writing in the cans and
bottles proved an obstacle for the little girl. Nevertheless, Rahne knew
that it was the feeling that counted.
	"Och, I've been actin' like a wee babe." Rahne recounted sorrowly. 
"Tenchi dinna deserve what I called him. But Dani is in danger. I've been
tryin' to reach her wit' the rapport we share. But nothins' happenin.
	Rahne put her hands to her face. "I know somethin' bad is awaitin'
her."
	Sasami by this time was upon a rickety ladder. She couldn't find
any recognizable food, but she wished to do something to help Rahne.
	Trying to get down, Sasami's foot treaded empty air. Balance now
lost, the girl fell. For rescue, Sasami grabbed a towel. Unfortunately,
that towel was linked to some bowls and pots. The whole pile fell near or 
on the girl. This caused Rahne to come to her side. Luckily, Sasami was 
unhurt, though she had a big plastic bowl on her head. Slowly, Rahne 
lifted the 'helmet', revealing a suprised Sasami inside.
	This was too much for Rahne. She giggled, than laughed. Sasami, 
now content that she cheered up Rahne, laughed as well.
=== 
	At the office, the inhabitants watched as Washu typed relentlessly
on a holographic keyboard.
	"As you can see," pronouced Washu, "Kagato has now placed a whole 
labyrinth of codes inside the computer control matrix. In order to regain 
authority I have to break the codes. Unfortunately, these are tricky 
enscriptions. To decipher each would take hours for a genius of my intellect. 
Worse, there's a timer in each code. If I don't decipher it in a limited time, 
the whole system would throw me back to the beginning, undoing everything I 
worked on and putting up new codes over the ones I passed. If I got the code 
wrong the same thing will happen."
	"So there's no way for you to regain control by computer?" asked Sam.
	"No. THIS is the way. I just don't know if I can unmix this mixed set 
of complexities in time."
	"Like Sam said, there is no way." said Tenchi. He was the only one to
believe so. Just before the others said a possible solution, an image erupted 
from the computer console.
	"Stay back my students," cried the Professor with concern. He was 
picking up psionic imprints. It would be best to hide his own appearance 
from this plane.
	The image shaked, blurred, and then turned clearer. It formed in 
three dimensions, creating a ghost of Ryoko.
	"Hi Kagato," smirked Washu.
	"Greetings, Professor." said Ryoko in Kagato's voice. "I must admit 
there was no way I could locate you until I found you tampering with my 
mainframe."
	"What do you mean YOUR mainframe?" demanded the scientist. 
	"My, aren't we fussy!": said the image. "Has my return in your 
creation's-"
	"My daughter."
	"Oh yes, forgive my imprudence." smiled the ghost, looking around the 
room. "I see you've brought the Prince and one of those children who thought 
they could beat me."
	Tenchi was puzzled at this. Kagato failed to mention Illyana or the
the Professor, who were standing right next to him.
	"Where's the other royal persons? It is important that they be here 
for what I have to say."
	"I'm here." Tenchi coldly intoned.
	"Well, if that is the way you want to be. I'll give it you," Ryoko's
face snarled in a pleasure full of sinister overtones. "As you know, I have 
two of your friends..."
	A lot of hands clenched hard at this remark.
	"Though I find this matter beneath my own ideals, I can administer
an exchange for their lives. Just the Prince and Princesses are all I need.
For their capture, my prisoners will be released."
	"Is that your exchange?" cried Sam. "Don't make me laugh."
	"Sam be quiet!" roared the professor in his mind.
	"Be happy I'm asking for the Juraians. From what I'm getting from
one of my prisoners, your abilities and physiology would just as much suffice."
	Washu realized no mention was being made about herself. Xavier noticed
this as well. Two fears came to their minds, one was that Kagato was probably 
stalling to get a firmer coordinate on their location.
	"Sorry, Kagato," smiled Washu, "It's time to-"
	When Washu pressed a button, she flew into a shaking dance. Then she 
threw herself backwards, flying pass the mutants into the wall.
	"Washu!" cried Tenchi.
	"Why you-" Sam threw himself at the computer, cannonballing through 
both the image and the console.
	"Silly boy!" smiled Ryoko. "Did you really believe you can touch a
ghost! Your species must really be-e-e-e-e-ee-ee-e-ee-"
	The astral ghost started spizzing in and out of view, like a Tv 
on a bad transmission setting. 
	"YY-ooo-uur sa-cc-rrrfficee- wi--ll-l-l m-e-e-e-e-annn nothi-."
	The ghost vanished completely. At that moment, Sunspot broke in, the
doors slamming to the walls, putting cracks on the plaster.
	"What has happened?" he cried, as Ayeka and the mutants entered
the scene.
	"I theorized Kagato was using an astral telepathic image like the 
one's I usually perform." said the Professor, his head covered in shadows. 
"This meant he could only see people he was telepathically contacting. I 
hid my own thoughts, making myself practically invisible despite my physical 
appearance. Illyana is also mystically immune to telepathic probing. With 
this advantage, I threw a mental bolt that destroyed his link to this area."
	"Shut up with the stupid mumbo jumbo!" cried Tenchi, lying next to 
Washu's still body. "You got to help Washu!"
	The professor walked stoicly to the boy. "Kagato blasted her with 
a great amount of psionic power. Enough to cause cerebral damage. I 
am afraid there is nothing-"
	Tenchi knew the answer before the sentence was finished. He closed 
his eyes, his face cold and harsh. 
================================================================================    
TO BE CONTINUED
NEXT TIME: As the Tenchi gang is now one less member, the New Mutants get a 
new member!
Sorry about the lateness. I hope to get Part 7 done soon.