The Prince & the Sorceress- Part VII: "No need for a New Mutant"

I do not own the copyright to Tenchi Muyo or the New Mutants
20th anniversary NM! 10 anniversary TM!
================================================================================
Dani/ Psyche   Roberto/ Sunspot  Sam/ Cannonball  Rahne/ Wolfsbane
Illyana/ Magik  Amara/ Magma   Doug/ Cypher  Warlock 
================================================================================
	Damn that witch!
	So cursed Kagato as 'he' massaged his forehead. Even in death, that 
meddling professor still thwarted 'him.' Washu must have had enough living 
strength left to fire a psionic ray that scattered the link to her present 
base of operations. Now, the locating of the Jurain royalty was no longer 
possible; some psychic barrier had now been placed, hampering any more astral 
projections to that quadrant through device. Focusing psionic waves through 
Earth appeared bothersome as well. Something in the magnetic field made any 
long distance psionics a problem. Had the link still existed, that would only 
be a hindrance. Now it was almost impossible! The cards lay in a rapport, and 
the royals' participation, a factor that had no doubt of working. No matter 
how useless and illogical their sense of honor, Kagato knew the royals would 
obey the bargain 'he' gave them. They certainly didn't want see more of 
their allies suffer, a sympathy that was just as useless.  
	Of course, not that there was benefits in the insurance. Kagato had 
found some interest in the captives. The girl was especially of quality. 
Sensors read mutations in her genetic structure, portraying the possession of a 
unique ability. When 'he' first faced the mutant, she called out an apparition
that...distracted 'him.' The other persons who wore her colors possessed this 
capacities as well. That they were no match for him made no difference. They 
were new areas to roam, new possibilites to exploit.
	That is once the girl's secrets were revealed. There was no limit that
"his" machines could do, revealing the girl's physical strengths. But there was
nothing that could as yet successfully peer into the memories of her mind. A 
mental barrier was discovered in her cranium, blocking out any scanning. It was 
as if she knew how to hide her thoughts. It made matters worse that the girl 
was not unconscious; she was imprisoned fully awake, spouting out drivel and all. 
'He' could silence such insolence. However, that would take the victory out of 
getting the secrets despite her resistance. She must bow to her superior with
full acceptance. 
	If only Washu hadn't taken away the valuable information 'he' needed. 
This interrogation would not be necessary. Damn her to hell! Kagato was glad 
she was dead. At last, 'he' could go through with his future plans without her 
meddling! Those plans, which would show his power under his true identity, 
will bear fruit. 	
===     
	The infirmary morgue proved as cold and unsettling as the name implied. 
	A small lamp was the only focus of light in the entire room. 
Unfortunately, it hovered over the shrouded body. Professor Xavier stood
solemn in front of the gurney. Like some grim pastor, he gave a serious
explanation of the fated encounter with Kagato. No sound was heard save for
the cries of Sasami. She stood beset with grief, her arms embracing her
sister. Ayeka attempted to assauge the girl's sadness, but despite the
performance of stoic acceptance, her emotions were just as strained with 
sadness. Washu had been a dear friend, if an eccentric one. She felt great 
responsibility for what had happened. How stupid of her to perform petty 
jealousies while Washu's life was being taken! She had embarrassed her 
royal lineage. Penance was in order. Fortunately, it was found; the Shiar 
consort gave her a way. 
	Ayeka cursed Kagato. The pirate's crimes were unpardonable, reaching
new levels with possessing Ryoko's body and killing Washu. His bargain for
Father's return was monstrous, yet its refusal may lead to further destruction.
But Ayeka would not pay it...not with Tenchi and Sasami's lives that is.
	Rahne kneeled beside the bereaved princesses. It wasn't fair, she
thought. Sasami had tried to cheer Rahne in her own worries. Irony played its 
cruel hand with the present revelation. Looking at the child's state, Rahne
wanted to return the favor Sasami had done for her.
	The rest of the mutants were just as mired in the expected reactions.
Some had experience in handling grim times like this, though it didn't grant 
them invulnerability. Memories of the loss of their comrade Shan was still 
fresh.*
	The newer members who didn't know Shan felt guilty. Illyana blamed 
herself. Doug was also affected. It never occurred to him until now that 
he could die as a New Mutant.
	And Tenchi? Well, one can get a hint from what he was about to do
now.
	"DAMN YOU!" The boy cried in anger. He threw the master key, the 
cause of all this disaster, with his arm. The hilt flew to the floor. Though 
it remained unharmed by the impact, the contact between hilt and wall brought 
a loud sound that echoed around the room.
	Tenchi stood, his head bowed, his face in shadows. Sam walked to his 
side, gesturing his hand upon Tenchi's shoulder. The boy shook his shoulder
away. He didn't want to be in the same room with these people. 
	Tenchi walked to the door. He passed Illyana, who made a reply: 
"We'll save your father, don't worry."
	Tenchi stopped, but he did not face her. "With help like yours,"
he coldly remarked. "Maybe my family was better off where they were."
	Illyana turned away, her arms folded together. Tenchi walked out
the door.
	Roberto responded to this behavior. "Why that-"
	"Let him be, Roberto," interrupted the Professor. "He has to work this 
out on his own." He then looked to the room's other inhabitants. "Now I ask you 
to leave me alone. I must plan our next move."
	Questions were thought of in the Mutant's minds (Dani's captivity the
major focus), but none were asked. They left silently with Mihoshi and the 
Princesses. The hilt remained on the floor. A techno-organic tong-shaped hand 
carried it away.
===  
	As the morning sun slowly turned to noon, Tenchi sat next to the pool. 
The sun reflected upon the rippling waters. It was probably a beautiful sight to 
behold- if Tenchi had paid attention. His face was buried in his hands. He didn't
feel any tears. He had been sitting here for a while, and still he couldn't cry.
There was no reason NOT to. Tears were wept in that future he saw. Why not now? 
	It was all his fault, Tenchi miserably pondered. He was so happy
in the future when Illyana told him his friends could be saved. Any person 
given that news after recieving a horrifying tragedy would have been. Now, 
it appeared like a second chance that was ruined. He and the New Mutants had 
pretty much failed. Ryoko was under Kagato's control, his father and Dani were
his prisoners, and Washu was dead.
	Washu dead? He still couldn't believe it. It was as if she was 
just not present at the moment, not lying cold in that morgue. But the Professor 
told him that Kagato had given her such a psychic shock that no spark of life 
could be located. The blood Tenchi saw oozing out of Washu's nose was proof of 
that. 
	He felt guilty in so many ways: One was not getting to be with her 
enough, and the other was failing to save her life. He was standing right 
next to her. He should have prevented her death! How, he did not know. 
Maybe by predicting Kagato's moves? Break Washu away as she was getting 
killed? He should of done something! 
	Tenchi also thought heavily about his behavior afterward. What a 
jerk he was! In his rage, Tenchi had ignored the mutants' trials in facing 
Ryoko. They did their best, and thanks to them, Sasami, Ayeka, Mihoshi, and 
Ryo-ohki were saved. The fact that their leader Dani Moonstar was in Kagato's 
clutches put them into the same predicament as he was in. Like the time he 
slapped Illyana, Tenchi congratulated them with resentment and anger. 
	They must hate me now, Tenchi believed.  He never had that many 
friends before the aliens entered his life; Ryoko and co. were the first 
in a long time. He thought the New Mutants could be new ones. They were 
so much like him; young, uncertain, yet possessed of powers that probably 
scared them. He could relate to that. Now, thanks to him, whatever 
comraderie he could of had from Sam, let alone the others was ruined. 
Tenchi probably couldn't stand what antipathy Illyana might be feeling 
about him. It was like his family hated him. 	
	He had to do something to make up for his actions. First on his list 
was making Kagato pay. He didn't want to kill him before, and even after the 
act was done, Tenchi felt no real regrets or rememberances (something that 
bothered him, when he wished to think about it). This time the boy wanted to 
slay him permanently. He was going to enjoy it, after what that monster 
did to Ryoko and Washu, not to mention his dad. 
	Tenchi looked at the reflection of himself. He didn't understand 
how he could still see his face after all that self-loathing. Another 
person came into the reflection. The water ripples complimented his/its
features.
===
	In the Danger Room, Roberto faced a giant robot, a part of the room's
combat facilities. At first, one could think the young boy was no match for 
the machine, but once Sunspot charged up, the tide was turned. In minutes,
the boy gave the mechanization such a thrashing that one would almost
think Sunspot was bent on destroying it.
	Sam and Doug watched this from the observation booth. They saw their 
classmate go through a lot of stress, which was no suprise. After what 
happened, some tension needed to be relieved.
	"SWINE!" cried Sunspot, his ramming fist bringing shards to the 
robot's face. This paralyzed the mecha instantly. The boy then stepped back. 
Still as a statue, the automation tipped and fell to the floor with a crash. 
	"Swine." the boy repeated. No, it was not on the robot, the lad 
thought to himself. The title belonged to a certain ungrateful punk he 
knew.
	The problem was which one: Tenchi or himself?
	"Is there any problem?" asked an approaching Sam.
	"No, hombre." mouthed Roberto. 
	Sam made a check. After one look at the mangled automation, he replied,
"The bot didn't think so."
	"I'm all right!" Roberto counterattacked, implying the hypocrisy.
	"There's no harm in admittin' you've gotta a chip over you' shoulder."
Sam calmly advised as he got closer to his friend. "It's only when you keep 
it inside that it's a problem."
	Roberto faced his friend with a grim composure. "I guess."
	"And it doesn't take much to know that your problem has somethin' t' do
with a guest of ours."
	"Did you see the way he treated us!" Roberto grumbled, confirming 
Sam's analysis. "It was as if he blamed us for everything!"
	Sam's face turned to a depressed mood, "An' no wonder. We didn't do 
much a good job in savin' his pappy or Washu."
	"Never mind that Dani's in the same situation."
	"That still no reason to blame Tenchi. You've been at odds with him
from the moment we agreed to help him."
	"I know." Roberto turned away, giving Sam further evidence that 
something was eating his friend.
	"Has Tenchi done somethin'?"
	Roberto turned his face down. "Yes he has. He lost his loved ones, 
but was given a second chance to save them."
	Roberto's words unclouded the mystery Sam was trying to solve. 
"You're jealous because he could he had a second chance t' help his friends," 
Sam replied with understanding. "Something you didn't have for Julianna."
	The mention of her name gave Roberto pause. Julianna was the girl he
had loved. She was killed by Professor Xavier's enemy the Hellfire Club. 
"She died protecting me!" the boy groaned. "I should have saved her. And 
here Tenchi had a second chance I never had. It's not fair!"
	Roberto clenched his fists, but did nothing further but talk. "And 
thanks to us, we ruined it for him."
	"Can't deny we blew it." said Sam. "But it's not too late. Kagato 
doesn't have all of Tenchi's family and friends. And Dani's not out of the
picture yet. We'll save her and Tenchi's dad."
	Roberto acted more somber. "I don't know, hombre. The New Mutants
are not without their casualties."
===  	 
	 The rain of the shower was supposed to be soothing, but it did
nothing to calm Illyana's mind. So much had happened in a day that could
amount to weeks; so much to completely register, understand, and accept.
	At the bottom of this confusion was her feelings for Tenchi. To
put it bluntly, she was in love with him. Unfortunately on paper those
feelings would make sense, but in her mind it was as indecipherable and
confusing as a puzzle. Different emotions came out: Fright, courage, 
acceptance, doubts, sure, unsure, secure, insecure. The one thing that 
didn't come in was hatred. She could never hate Tenchi. He was brave, 
simple, understanding, sensitive, kind, noble. He was more than a friend. 
The emotions she felt were stronger than the love she had for Peter and 
Kitty.
	And he was deeply hurt by the death of a friend. Despite her best
powers, Washu was killed, her body lifeless and souless. And it was her fault.
Her runaway to Limbo ruined everything. It also meant the abduction of Dani.
How could she be so stupid as to teleport without her? By hades sake, she was 
the one who browbeated Sam for such ignorance. Of all the New Mutants, Dani
was the first who really made an attempt to be a friend to her. Illyana was 
certainly making a habit of hurting anyone who liked her.
	Her mind went back to Tenchi. What must he be thinking of her failure? 
Definitely not lightly. Illyana wanted her to run after Tenchi and console him 
the way she did in the future. But she had to respect his wishes this time.	
	The shower stopped. Illyana walked out and rubbed herself with
a towel. Rubbing the fogged up mirror, Illyana looked at her reflection. 
She looked beautiful- in this form. Take it away and she was as hideous as 
her demon servants. The thing was Tenchi had seen her in both versions. 
What did he really think of her? As an ally? A savior? A friend? A monster? 
Tenchi declared that he believed the demon side was not really her. Was he 
just kidding to make her feel better, or did he see something Illyana did not 
see in herself? A light within the darkness?
	Now there's something to think about. Did Tenchi like her then? It 
was unclear. He went after her to Limbo, but wouldn't Dani and Kitty, friends 
of hers, do the same? And what about Ryoko and that spoiled bitch of a princess?
When she fully considered it, Tenchi was a puzzle.
	Illyana covered her hair with the towel. Then she donned her bathrobe
and walked out of the bathroom to her room. No one was there save Lockheed, 
snoring on Kitty's bed. Illyana wished Kitty was back from Japan; Illyana 
needed her best friend to help make sense of her feelings. She wished her 
brother was home as well, but Illyana realized that might be a mistake. Peter 
might not take her situation lightly; big brothers seem to do that.
	As Illyana got to the dresser, a knock came at the door. Response was 
her reaction as she went and opened the door. When the door was halfway opened, 
she knew who it was, to her dismay.
	It was Ayeka. With a cold but hospitable nature, Illyana walked away
so the Princess could enter. She was holding Ryo-ohki, who made a shriek at 
what was sleeping on the bed. The scream woke up Lockheed, who sneered and
was ready to charge right after the cabbit if Illyana hadn't grabbed him.
	"Whoa fella!" warned Illyana. She restrained Lockheed to her arms.
Seeing no further harm, Ayeka hushed her own pet, and looked around the room.
	"This wasn't the type of abode I would imagine for such like you."
	"Well, it ain't like your palaces, your highness," Illyana snidely 
replied. "But its home." Seeing Ayeka was standing, Illyana offered a 
a seat from her desk. 
	Once seated with the cabbit on her lap, Ayeka made a reply. "We need 
to talk."
	"About what?" sharply remarked Illyana. "How evil a monster I am?"
	Ayeka's face looked down. "Recent events have forced me to reconsider 
my earlier prejudices. I hope...that we can come to a truce of sorts."
	Illyana sat on her bed. "So you've put your sword down! Why?"
	Ayeka's lips appeared reluctant to speak, but words were said anyway. 
"Can you tell me truthfully, what are your plans with Lord Tenchi?"
	Illyana took off her hairtowel. A moment was given for her to
think of an answer. Not that she didn't know, but rather what would the
Princess think of it.
	"I think you have a clue." Illyana grimly replied. "I love him...just
like you."
	Ayeka gave a pause. She knew the answer, but was unready for the effect.
With a strong grace she replied. "And does he share the same feeling?"
	Illyana didn't want to give Ayeka an advantage, but she complied. "I 
don't know. Maybe, maybe not. He does care about me, though."
	Ayeka rubbed her hand on Ryo-ohki. She lifted her own head, her eyes  
finally viewing Illyana. "I do love Tenchi." she spoke softly. "I would do 
anything to spare him pain. But I realize I have done much to hurt him. Had 
I not spurned you, perhaps Washu wouldn't have died." She was silent for a 
moment. She then stood up. "I hope for your forgiveness."
	 Illyana sat still at this monolouge. She knew that Ayeka was innocent; 
if blame was to be thrown at someone, Illyana was the culprit. 
	"Also," continued the Princess, "can you please release my servants 
from whatever realm you sent them too?"
	A gesture from Illyana caused empty air to break open with a disc.
>From this rip, Azaka and Kamidake came out, bedraggled and marked from their
journey. Both floated menacingly toward their jailer.
	"Azaka! Kamidake!" spoke the Princess. "I forbid any retribution
to this girl!"
	The guardians paused and turned to their mistress. Teleportation
was Ayeka's next order, which they also obeyed. Once they vanished, the
princess got up, gracefully bowed to Illyana, and walked away.		
	This sort of moved Illyana. Enough to make a remark. "Tenchi 
cried when he saw your graves." 
	Ayeka paused in her departure. "I did not know that." Her reply was
not cold or haughty, but soft and warm.
	She then walked out the door.
===
	Doug sat in the observation booth of the Danger Room. Like everyone 
else, he pondered past events. Cruel reality had come to his fantasies. When 
he became a New Mutant, he thought it was going to be like a fairy tale. Good
vs. evil, good guys live, bad guys die. Supposed to be fun.
	Only, if that was supposed to happen, why did Tenchi's friend die?
Why did Kagato have Dani in his (or her, or whatever Kagato was supposed
to be) clutches? Some fun. Being a super-hero isn't what its cracked up to
be.   
	Doug wished Kitty was here. There was so much he wanted to talk to
her about; she being a mutant, what she felt like being a hero, etc. 
Unfortunately, his friend wasn't around when Doug joined. She was somewhere
in Japan, too bad he didn't know where. When the gang was there he wanted
to find her, but Dani vetoed that, saying it was dangerous to be too far 
from Sam and the others. So he stayed, starving while putting up with
Roberto's whining to stand by in case the chaosbringer came. A lot of good
that did.
	There was someone else Doug wished was here, rather something else. 
Where was Warlock? Last time he saw him/it was in the morgue. Washu's death 
and Tenchi's behavior seemed to bugged him/it. Thus Doug thought a reasonable 
answer was that Locke went to Tenchi. Not a dumb idea. Doug wanted to cheer 
up the boy as well. However, Sam and Roberto needed someone to operate the 
Danger Room (which Doug quickly learned to use, thanks to his deciphering 
abilities). So here he was, watching the two boys play in the room that his 
own lame-o powers were no match against. 
	There was another feature that the boy and alien shared. In so short
of time, Doug had created a bond with Warlock, a bond that now seemed 
permanent. The boy admired Warlock's curiosity, his/its child-like innocence
and naivete, and his/its lack of malice. Except for the freakiness of those
transmode viruses Locke was able to do, Doug accepted the alien in
the way true friends can accept.
	The sound of the door opening alerted Doug. To his suprise, it was
Mihoshi.
	"Uh..." said the girl with naive characterization, "Has Mr. Xavier
come out of the infirmary?" 
	Doug was astounded by the woman's ditzy manner. From what he heard,
Mihoshi was supposed to be an officer of some Galaxy police. She didn't
have...the makings of a police officer. "The Prof. hasn't left that room."
he kindly replied.
	"Well, I thought he might know something." the girl showed great 
sadness. "Being a Galaxy Police detective, I must be where the most important 
situation is. And I think the Shiar Consort may know something that can 
help Ryoko and Nobiyuki."
	Saying this, Mihoshi got a little closer. Doug started to blush at
this close encounter. For all her lacks, Mihoshi was a beautiful woman. The
dawning of adolescence had a crushing hold on the young mutant.
	"D-Don't worry." Doug nervously responded. "I'm sure the Prof can
think of...something." The boy was silent for a moment, then responded,
"I'm sorry about Washu."
	The mention of that name hit the blond officer like an invisible
hammer. She fell to her knees, her head looking down. Shadows from her
blond hair covered her eyes. Tears came from them. 
	"I wish Little Washu wasn't gone." she replied sadly. "She
was always a good friend. I would always visit her in her lab. She was so
suprised at my visits."
	Doug walked toward her. "I'm very sorry."
	Mihoshi wiped her hand upon her face. "It's all right." She then
stood up. Her face transformed into a determined expression. "As a Galaxy 
police officer, I must consider my duty...to apprehend the criminal Kagato."
	Doug decided to praise her determination. "That's right! Get that
criminal!"
	Mihoshi seemed strengthened by Doug's words. "Right!"
===
	"Selffriend- DROPPED- this." Warlock placed the tenchi-ken to the
floor beside Tenchi. The owner turned away.
	"Self- AMBITIONS- to- APOLOGIZE- on- SELFFRIENDS- termination."
	"It wasn't your fault." Tenchi coldly replied, his head away. 
The techno-beings features were to him as disturbing as ever.
	"Selffriend- DID- everything- FOR- assistance. SELF'S- failure."
As usual, Warlock referred to himself/itself as 'self.' Tenchi thought it 
wierd. "You did your best." he continued in tone.
	"SELF'S- best- NOT- sufficient. SELF'S- best- NEVER- result- IN- 
sufficiency." cried Warlock in squeaks. 
	This had an effect on Tenchi. Because his head was away, Tenchi's 
ears were the ones in use. Something from the techno-being's words made 
him hear something differently. As funny as it sounded, Tenchi could 
actually detect something sorrowful from the words. The boy finally 
faced the alien. He/it looked pitiful and pathetic in his/its
problems. 
	It was like a revelation to Tenchi. For the first time, he saw 
not a monster, but something human in Warlock. Come to think of it, he/it 
had always been that way. He never noticed before. The alien was nothing 
more than a child. A scared child who was running away from parents who 
hated him/it, seeking sanctuary and acceptance for its plight. Warlock 
was worried and unsure of his/its abilities, but willing to do anything 
for his/its friends.
	Tenchi felt even worse. He realized that he had been avoiding 
Warlock like a plague. This revelation made him feel even more self-loathful 
than he already was. To reject this creature was like he rejected Ryoko or 
the aliens in his family. It was like he was a mutant-hater that Sam and 
Dani told him about.
	"Warlock!" Tenchi turned to his companion, putting a hand on his/its 
shoulder. "It was not your fault. I know I already said that, but this time I 
mean it! You really are a hero. You saved my life. If there is someone who 
really is a loser, it's me."
	"CORRECTION- Selffriend- WAS- more- ABLE- than- SELF."
	Tenchi heard the term selffriend. Warlock had called him that many 
times before, but this time Tenchi valued the meaning. Warlock had done
everything for him, with Tenchi giving nothing in return. He hoped things
could change from now on.
===
	Illyana ported to the hall in her everyday clothes. She noticed Amara 
was looking out the window near the front door. "What's up?" she asked.
	Amara looked through the glass with eyes of suspicion. "I saw Ayeka
walk out the door alone."
	Illyana stilled. She had wanted to speak to the Princess some more.
	"I would have thought she would be comforting her sister in her grief."
said Amara, "Instead, I see her out alone."
	"Mebbe she's handling her problems to herself."
	"I do not know." answered the Roman. She opened the front door 
and walked outside. Illyana followed. They were about to off the porch
step when the logs materialized before them.
	"Halt in the name of Jurai!"
===   
	"Ayeka!"
	Such words sounded from young Sasami's mouth. With Rahne by her side, 
the little Princess searched around the halls of the school. Ayeka was missing 
and she didn't know where. She lost track of her almost a half-hour ago. In 
previous time, Ayeka was embracing her in grief. Then her elder sister said 
she was going to do something to make her and Tenchi happy again. Engulfed 
with grief, Sasami did not bother to register the meaning of those words at 
the time. Sister's continued absence, however, made her worry. This was not 
a time to be scattered, Sasami thought. Tenchi, herself, Ayeka, and Mihoshi 
were tearing themselves up with Washu's loss. None could face it alone. She 
of all people knew how horrible death could mean to a person. Sasami knew it 
would not do to face the problem in solitary isolation. She knew it too well.
	Luckily, Rahne was a great help. She transformed into a wolf, checking
for scents. It reminded Sasami a lot of Ryo-ohki, who can turn into a ship.
That was another thing in Sasami's mind: The cabbit had also disappeared. 
She was gone around the time Ayeka had vanished.
	Sasami made a gasp. A sigh that would have meant trembling proportions
to her if the halls hadn't started to tremble as well.	
===	
	 "I feel better now!" cried Mihoshi. "I feel some great inner 
strength vibrating inside me!"
	"Uh...that's not comin' from you." noticed Doug.
	 Everything quaked, with a loud noise being heard even from those
underground. All the inhabitants felt and heard this in each of their
different positions. Rahne and Sasami in the halls. Illyana and Amara outside. 
Tenchi and Warlock at the pool. Sam, Doug, Mihoshi, and Roberto in the Danger 
Room. Xavier in the infirmary. All heard and felt.
	Warlock indicated something (that is, after going through a series of 
facefaults and sounds of alarm). "Sensors- PICKING- up- ORGANIC- anomaly!"
	Tenchi felt the wind and noise. "It looks like its coming from the 
front of the house!"
	Tenchi grabbed his sword as Warlock entangled him with his/its arms. 
	"What are you doing!" cried the boy as Warlock grew taller. Soon, he/it 
was as tall as the mansion. It was at that level where Tenchi saw the source of
the noise and wind. She blocked the sky like an eclipse, but he knew what it was.
	"Ryo-ohki!?"
	As Tenchi looked with shock, Warlock decided to get closer. Its tall
legs were as stretched as stilts. One of his/its legs elevated from its spot. 
It then lunged like a wire over the roof and into the front of the school. 
Tenchi's was further amazed as he and Warlock went moving along the leg like 
a mono-rail. This techno-organic train then slowly lowered itself upon the
front porch. Both saw Illyana and Amara with the guardians.
	The two girls spotted the duo. "What the hell is that!" asked Illyana,
pointing at the ship.
	Tenchi answered as Warlock let him go. "Its Ryo-ohki in ship-form."
	"Why is the animal doing such a thing now?" asked Amara.
	Tenchi didn't know. Then he saw the ship's center start to glow. He
instantly knew what was going to happen next.
	"We got to get out of here right now!" he yelled with concern.  
===
	Underground, Sam and Roberto ran through the hall to get upstairs. 
Using their powers made it quicker. Soon they Bobby got to the elevator. 
Impatiently, they waited for the door to open. It started to open...
	Then the lights went out.
	"Gimme a break!" yelled Sam. Roberto's reaction was less vocal. He 
broke the door open. They saw no elevator. Inside was an empty shaft with 
no ceiling.
===
	Tenchi's warning gave Illyana only seconds to summon a stepping disc,
taking herself and gang away from that light. Next they were all west of the
school...
	...or where the school was SUPPOSED to be.
	To their horror, they saw no mansion. Nothing but a wide yet shallow 
hole.
	"Where's the school!" cried Illyana.
	"Its been condensed." Tenchi nervously toned.
	"What d'you mean condensed?" yelled Illyana.
	"In ship-form, Ryo-ohki can shrink buildings." the boy explained, 
"It's inside her now."
	Amara was amazed. Illyana was a little; she was experienced with
the time the Impossible man ran off with the school.** Still, it was another
time for astonishment. As before, although the gang were given information
about Tenchi's family, it did nothing to minimize the shock of overwhelming 
astonishment when the subject of that info appeared.
	With a roar of a meow, the spaceship flew away.
	It was Illyana who made the predictable response. "Where's it going?"
	Tenchi didn't know but like everyone else with him, he knew what
might be with Ryo-ohki.
	"She's taken everybody!" answered Tenchi.
	"Then what are we waiting here for!" shouted Illyana. "Let's go get her!"  
	Before a step was made to begin the pursuit, Azaka and Kamidake zoomed
in front of the path of the four.
	"By Jupiter!" cursed Amara. 
	"These logs stopped us from getting closer!" explained Illyana to Tenchi
and Warlock.
	"What!" cried Tenchi.
	"We have been ordered by Princess Ayeka to prevent pursuit." verified
Azaka.
	Tenchi was shocked. "Ayeka's in Ryo-ohki? Then why did she take the 
school?"
	"The Princess thought to sacrifice herself in place of you." answered
Kamidake.
	Tenchi was shocked. Ayeka is going to get herself in danger! 
	"Then why the hell did she take the school!" questioned Illyana.
	"We are not sure." said Azaka.
	"Only that we have to stop you from following her." continued 
Kamidake. 
	"Wanna bet?" grinned Illyana, creating her sword. To amplify the
conviction of those words, Amara transformed into Magma. The two made a step 
toward the two guardians. Now it's impossible to see expressions on blocks of 
wood. So it must be said that the guardians were certainly afraid of the 
girls' determination (especially considering their previous encounters with 
them).  
	Warlock had by now realized that his/its abilities were needed.
Expanding his/its body into large wings, the techno-being grabbed the three
and took off, with a cry from Tenchi. Off in the air with nothing but a tentacle
keeping him safe, he shouted a question.
	"Nothing personal, Locke, but can you change into something we can 
sit on?"
	The tail of the techno glider elongnated and stretched underneath the 
passengers. it formed into a balcony of sorts with a double set of wings on it. 
At this the top wings shrank into the box (dropping the passengers into the box), 
forming a nose in front, and a rocket in back.
	"CONTENT?" squeaked the plane.
	"It'll do." smiled Tenchi. 
	"SENSORS- direction- WEST."
	"They're heading back to Japan!" cried Amara. 
	As the sound of wind and rockets prevailed, an alien sound was 
appearing behind. All turned to see Sam rocketing with Roberto on his back.
	Tenchi excitedly yelled out to the duo. "I thought you were in the 
school!"
	Sam rocketed to Warlock and his/its cargo. "We were downstairs," said
Roberto, "We thought you might need a hand."
	"Why not?" smirked Illyana, "We're gonna need it."
===
	Meanwhile, back at the foundation, two figures stood. One with anger 
in his feelings.
	 Doug was in a different part of the Danger Room than Sam and Roberto. 
He would have been up first, but it didn't happen that way; Climbing up the 
emergency ladder, he and Mihoshi were amazed to see the loss of the School 
as well as no Mutants nearby.
	I thought I was in the team now, Doug said to himself. Why couldn't 
they wait for me? He was pissed. Mihoshi kept a clear head. "Do you have 
some transportation we can use?"
	I do, said a voice in their heads. It commanded them to head for the
garage which remained intact, being positioned away from the school.
===
	Warlock, shaped like a flying roller-coaster cart, pursued Ryo-ohki.
Nevertheless, no matter how much power Locke put into his/its rockets, it could
only be near the ship, not in contact. 
	Tenchi found it hard to beleive this entire ship was actually Warlock. It
was like Ryo-ohki; No matter how solid the ship seemed to be, this was part of a
living being. Touching a piece, the boy remembered the metallic feeling he felt
when he first shaked hands with Locke. His fears gone, he noticed the fabric felt
warmer this time.
	He also felt a little happy that Illyana and gang were with him. Maybe
they forgave him for his behavior? Dream on, Tenchi pessimistically realized.
Pursuing Ryo-ohki and her cargo was probably the only reason they were
accompanying an ungrateful bonehead like himself.
	Of course, Tenchi wasn't too much distracted that he did not think about
his 'selffriends' object of pursuit. His ear captured Amara relating to the new 
passengers what Ayeka might of done. Due to her honorable title, it was
not hard to believe the Princess would sacrifice herself in place of her family. 
Roberto was critical. "Of all the most idiotic things for her-"
	"Can it Bobby!" shouted Tenchi and Illyana simultaneously.
	"I understand the nobility in what the Princess has done." defended
Amara.
	"Though ah doubt Kagato'll follow through with his part a' the 
bargain." Sam contradicted.
	"Yeah, it's part of being a villain." Illyana continued.
	"Then we have to get Ayeka and Ryo-ohki before this happens." said
Tenchi.
	No, cried a voice in their heads. The Professor telepathically ordered 
a desisting of their pursuit.
	Professor? thought Tenchi. You weren't in the school either?
	Only Princess Sasami and Rahne were, answered the telepath. Some 
telepathic static is blocking my connection with them. Perhaps their 
condensation has something to do with this.
	What about Ayeka? thought Tenchi.
	I sensed shock in Ayeka, then a barrier. I fear this action has gone
beyond her original intentions.
	Then what better reason than to rescue her, thought Roberto.
	It is too dangerous. There is good reason to presume that Ryo-ohki will
not be so indifferent to your pursuit of her.
	We made a mistake before, thought Sam. Ah don't want to do it again.
	Doing this will not make things better, said the voice. You are 
untrained.
	Sorry, professor, thought Sam. 
	If you want to blame anyone for this, continued Tenchi in thought,
blame me. I'm not going to lose Ayeka and Sasami.
	Meanwhile, Sam spoke to the platform. "How'd you think we can get 
t' Ryo-ohki?"  
	Warlock's head morphed from the side. "CHANCES- of- CONTACT- rare. 
Chances- OF- self- EXHAUSTING- in- NEAR- future: EVIDENT in THREE minutes." 
	This news was a depressing to the gang. They knew that Warlock 
could not keep this momentum indefinitely. 
	"Can't we get any faster!?" cried Tenchi.
	"You have any ideas?" said Roberto.
	Sam had. They were pretty close to the ship. If only Locke could
keep this momentum a little longer. "Warlock," he cried, "can you create 
a long tentacle that c'n stretch?"
	The response was the growth of two long arms out of the cart.   
	"What are you thinking of, Samuel?" asked Amara.
	"This." Grabbing the two tentacles, Sam jumped off the cart. Fear for
their friend's safety caused everyone to move to that part of the cart. They
were greeted with Cannonball blasting away with part of Warlock. Realization
of his plans then came into their minds as they saw Sam blast toward the ship.
===
	The air pressure proved daunting as it pushed in the opposite direction,
but Sam was just as stubborn. With endurance, the boy was reaching his object 
of pursuit. Fascination came upon him; he never saw a spaceship of this 
shape before. It did not resemble a saucer or a missile. It looked like
an upside-down Christmas tree stand. 
	Sam looked around. On the center of the ship was a red bubble. 
Perhaps the main compartment, thought Sam. So he continued to blast. 
However, it was not an easy task: the closer he got, the ship would move 
a few inches away from him. Fearful that he may run out of the energy 
needed, Sam decided to risk it all: Stretching his tentacle-grasping 
arms to their upmost state of posture, Sam screamed out.
	"Grab it!"
	The wind and the distance blocked out Sam's order. Fortunately, 
Warlock's arms carried a sensor that was able to get his/its leader's 
command. The stumps of the two tentacles morphed into two suction 
cups that attached securely onto the surface of Ryo-ohki. Now it was 
Warlock's turn. Lessening the power of its rockets, the techno-being 
projected his/its strength into his/its arms. Like a tape measurer, 
Warlock pulled his/its arms back. However, since those arms were 
fastened to the ship, the reverse effect happened: it was Warlock
who was pulled closer to the spaceship. This received some compliments 
and congratulations from the gang.
	As the arms shrank, placing the coaster an inch away from Ryo-ohki, 
Warlock brought more changes to his/its shape: First, the rockets stopped. 
Then the back curved and stretched over the mutants. The end of this makeshift 
roof formed into two new opposing tentacles, which also turned into suction 
cups that stuck onto the vessel. The final effect was that a platform spread 
between the two original tentacles (It must be noted that this came to relief 
for Sam, who made the mistake of stopping his blast, which almost meant a 
quick drop below if Warlock hadn't luckily grabbed the boy with additional 
tentacles and placed him on the platform).
	With a bridge courtesy of Warlock, the New Mutants were ready to 
break through the ship and rescue their comrades. First to react was 
Sunspot, who powered up and threw himself at the alien wall. Energy 
crackling, the mutant swung his strength-enhanced fists into the surface. 
Tenchi heard loud sounds boom forth, emphasizing how strong Roberto's 
attacks were. After several hits, Sunspot was shocked to see that the 
wall was hardly bumped.
	"Let my power be the key." sounded Amara. Everyone moved back 
as the blond mutant flashed into a body of golden hot emission (Tenchi's 
familiarity did not show in the amazement he felt whenever these mutants 
changed their appearance). Moving her legs constantly (one position would 
cause a hole to form from under her), Magma pressed her hands on the wall. 
Heat was definitely making an extreme appearance as steam fluttered from 
the contact between Magma and object. Unfortunately, Magma was stunned 
to discover that her power to melt objects had no more an effect than
Roberto's.
	"What type of being is this?" asked Amara in wonder.
	Tenchi's answer was somber. "Ryo-ohki's a tough ship to hurt, I 
should know."
	"So what do we do now?" asked Illyana. "My magik won't do, and I
can't teleport blind. And if Bobby can't break through, Sam can't either."
	"Let me try." said Tenchi. With a whispered apology to an animal 
beloved to him, the boy took out his hilt. A white blade of blade grew 
from it (amazing those in his presence). Tenchi swung it forward. The third 
attack worked. The sword's casualty was a long scratch. Thrashing the 
blade a second and third time, two more scratches were made, forming a 
triangular shape on the wall.
	Roberto walked past Tenchi. "Its my turn, prince." Using his power, 
Sunspot punched a triangle-shaped door that went inside of the ship. Tenchi 
moved himself to the triangular hole. "Ayeka!" he cried. Because of the light 
outside, no one could clearly see anything inside the ship. Now halfway 
through the hole, Tenchi looked in. Shock came in drones to his emotion. 
Ayeka was imprisoned in crystal, standing motionless like a sleeping 
princess in a fairy tale. Peering in, Illyana and Roberto witnessed this 
sight as well.
	"Please tell me this is some sort of travel arrangement." concerned 
Illyana.
	"No...it isn't." said Tenchi, similarly disturbed. "Hey, Ryo-ohki!" 
he cried.
	"She will not answer you, boy." said an all too familiar voice.
	Illyana showed her recognition with her favorite expression. "Spit and 
hades!"
	After her words, a picture formed, barring the rescuers and the 
rescued. It was Ryoko. "Now part of my bargain is complete." the image 
spoke. "Almost."
	Suddenly, Ryo-okhi tilted her front downward. This caused the 
platform that was Warlock to do likewise, forcing the occupants to do 
the same. Illyana grabbed one of the tentacle beams. Sunspot placed his 
body on the wall. Tenchi, however, started to descend into the ship. 
He would have fallen entirely through, had Roberto not grabbed his leg.
	"Tenchi!" screamed Illyana. She threw her arm in a futile 
attempt to grab the boy. 
	Inside, Tenchi saw the image continue 'his' words, "I want you most of 
all, boy," spoke the image. "You and those gems."
	"No way!" Roberto interrupted this exchange. The hole started to close
around Tenchi. With sun-charged exertion, Sunspot threw the boy out of the 
hole seconds before it shut. Tenchi landed on the platform, ready to slide 
back if Warlock had not created a few new arms to grab his/its friend.
	"Thanks, Roberto!"
	"Not now!" cried Sunspot, though he definitely accepted Tenchi's 
gratitude. He had repaid his debt.
	Meanwhile, Amara was held at armslength by Sam, himself grasping 
a part of the platform. "What has happened?" she asked.
	"Well, Ryo-ohki's joined the Kagato fan club." said Illyana. "And 
she's goin' to get new members from the Princess. With an added bonus, 
we can't get through."
	Sam knew there might be an answer, though not a likable one. But as 
leader, he had to look out for the team. "Warlock," he breathed grimly. 
"C'n you infect the ship wi' the virus?"
	Everyone looked at Sam in shock. "NO!" shouted Tenchi. "Don't do it!"
	"We have no choice." Sam sounded in a strong tone. Tenchi took notice.
He had never seen this side of him before. "How long is it going to take
before we reach the ocean?" he continued. "Worse, what if Ryo-ohki goes 
into space? We're on a tight situation as it is. We have t' get control 
of Ryo-ohki."
	Before Sam's confirmed his command, the vessel upset once again.
===
	Xavier had sensed his mutant's pursuit of the vessel when it first 
began. Unable to convince them to stop (the folly of youth), he saw no choice 
but to follow in his Rolls Royce. It was a long shot.
	"Those kids!" shouted Xavier. "Don't they know about the danger?" 
	"Hey, Prof," defended Doug, who was in the back of the car. "They only 
wanted to help."
	Doug saw the Professor's piercing eyes meet his via the rear-view 
mirror. The boy decided to change the subject. "How can Ryo-okhi do this? 
Isn't it on our side?" 
	Mihoshi, who was at the front, had an answer, "She once was Ryoko's pet 
and ship, right? Maybe since Kagato is now her, he can control Ryo-ohki now- or 
is it she?..."
	This was confirmed by Xavier, "Ryoko has a rapport with her pet like 
the one Dani shares with Rahne. Evidently, when this pet takes ship form, 
a psi-link is made, with Ryoko as the dominant force. Since Kagato is in 
Ryoko's body, the same rules apply to him."
	"So can't you just break the rapport by telepathy?" asked Doug.
	"Too dangerous. Severing the link might shock Ryo-ohki, forcing her 
to either drop the school or transform back to her cabbit form, which would
mean the same effect. Rahne and Sasami would be killed."
	"Oh my!" said Mihoshi. Doug decided to forget such a tactic. 
"So how are they doing?" he asked.
	Xavier pressed his temples, as alien thoughts were becoming noticeable. 
"They are being pushed off the ship!...NO!" he cried in a tone that made all 
aboard realize it was not good. "Sam and Amara have fallen off!"
===
	This time, Ryo-ohki tilted upwards. The sudden change threw Amara 
forward to Sam. The boy moved aside, but he released that was last thing he 
should have done: With no support, Amara rolled off the end of the 
platform. She fell out.
	Sam was horrified. Without a moment's thought, the boy jumped out of
Warlock. Fear and concern forced him to abandon the rest of the team. It 
increased as he desperately tried to move himself closer to his falling 
comrade. 
	"Hold on! 'mara!" he screamed. It was no use. To rocket so close a 
position would mean ramming her to death. Gritting his teeth in fear of the 
risk it might imply, Sam rocketed straight down. Come on, he raged at himself. 
He plummeted faster than Amara. Soon he reached a point in which Amara was on 
top of him. Sam instantly stopped. Then with all his strength, he turned himself 
around, his body facing upward. Then he blasted again. Hands stretched out as 
far as he could, the boy saw Amara fall pass him. Luckily, Amara grabbed one of 
his hands. The result threw her upon Sam's body. At that, he wound his other 
arm to grab the girl. 
	"Thank you Samuel." said Amara in gratitude for her salvation. This 
made Cannonball blushed a bit. Those words were everything he needed right 
now. 
	Unfortunately, reality came to him. Turning back to the direction 
they fell from, Sam and Amara saw the vessel far away.
===
	The remaining three human passengers watched and relaxed when they 
saw Sam's little rescue attempt. Both Roberto and Illyana knew their comrade's 
feelings. Tenchi also knew what Amara meant to Sam. 
	Another thing they noticed, with a sigh, were Azaka and Kamidake  
on their tail.
	"Don't they ever quit?" cried Illyana aside from Tenchi. A sweat came 
from the boy's head.
	"Warlock," Roberto said grimly. "Give this vessel the virus."
	"No, wait!" cried Tenchi, "Is there any other way?".
	"No, Prince." said Roberto, "That hide is next to impossible to break. 
If we are to take control of this ship, Warlock's tecnho-organic virus is the 
only answer."
	"SELF- will- NOT- initiate- VIRUS- without- SELFFRIENDS'- consent." 
cried the platform.
	Caught with no escape, Tenchi closed his eyes. "Do it!" he shouted in
forced acceptance.
	The four suction cups started to glow. Circuitry shined and flowed like 
water in a stream. Webs expanded from the cups onto the wall.
	"ALARM- alarm- ALARM!" the platform screamed. "RESISTANCE- to- VIRUS- 
like- RYOKO."
	Illyana realized what may soon follow. "Break free before-"
	It was too late. A flow of electrical forces enveloped the entire 
platform. Tenchi and Illyana were both shocked senseless due to their 
positions. Roberto, however, stood on the platform fully conscious. With 
luck he had been wearing his uniform with protective insulations. He moved 
toward Tenchi and Illyana, touching their wrists. Roberto felt pulses.
	But the ship upset once again. With the tilt, Roberto saw himself 
and his comrades follow Amara's demonstration of gravity. In seconds they 
were falling. 
===
	Xavier grew more troubled. In his thoughts, Sam and Amara were now 
safe. That was only a reprieve, however, as he sensed Tenchi's pain and Roberto's 
terror at falling..
===
	Blessed Madonna, Sunspot exclaimed. God in his mysterious wisdom, had
granted salvation to him and his comrades. He, Tenchi, and Illyana were falling,
and despite Roberto's advantage of being conscious when this happened, his powers
did not include flight nor invulnerability.
	All seemed lost, when the two guardians came under them. With renewed 
hope, Bobby grabbed his comrades and tried to land on one of the logs. He 
succeeded, landing with his feet.
	There was a near-accident, however. The impact of landing forced 
Sunspot's legs to bend. Losing balance, he would have fallen off one log if 
the other log hadn't pressed next to him, restoring his equilibrium.
	"My thanks padres!" spoke Roberto to his saviors.
	"Our gratitude is the same for your protection of Prince Tenchi."
spoke Azaka near the boy.
	Turning off his power, Roberto looked at his unconscious male cargo.
He smiled. "Now you finally owe ME one, Prince." He noticed on Azaka that 
Tenchi's sword was floating on the guardian. 
	Looking forward, he lost sight of Ryo-ohki. There was no way he could
follow them now. Looking backward, the boy could see Sam and Amara coming 
closer.
===
	After this reunion, the five got aboard Azaka and Kamidake. A mental
flash from their teacher had them all meet him near a highway. As usual, the 
Professor was upset.
	"Once again, I am ashamed at your actions."
	"Well, once again, Prof." spoke Illyana, "We couldn't just stay there
and see Ayeka and the school fall into Kagato's hands."
	"And in your decision to participate, Warlock is now a hostage."
	"Don't forget Rahne." corrected Roberto.
	"That is also a serious loss," Xavier spoke unflinching. "But 
adding a third student to this conflict is another as well. Twice you have 
gone without my guidance, let alone my word, with ill results."
	Doug looked down, miserable at the news he got. "Warlock...gone?" 
	Tenchi was more tense than ever. "We have to save them. After what
Kagato did to Ryoko and Washu, not to mention what he might have done to
dad, I can't let him hurt Ayeka and Sasami, or Rahne or Dani."
	Illyana took an ear to the boy's declaration. The way he said
Ayeka's name didn't sound like the Princess was just an acquaintance 
to him.
	"I know, Tenchi." spoke the Professor in a fatherly tone. Then
he switched to his usual stoic self. "The battle must be brought to 
Kagato's domain. You must confront him again."
	Tenchi nodded.
	"Count us in!" cried Sam. This act of choice took Tenchi's notice,
as well as the Professor's. "No." he declared with strict determination. 
"Only Tenchi and I must do this. The rest of you return to the sublevel 
complex and wait for the X-Men to return."***
	This was taken with disapproval by the gang. "Dani, Rahne, and 
Warlock are now in that creep's clutches," said Doug. "It's our battle
to."
	"I will not jeproadize more of your lives in this mission," the 
Professor demanded. "The New Mutants were never formed to fight dangerous 
menaces. The decision is final!"
	"To all respects sir," spoke Sam in strength. "The New Mutants 
look after their own. Tenchi included."
	Tenchi was puzzled at this addition. "What do you mean, Sam? 
I'm not-"
	"You are now." interrupted Sam. With a smile, he removed his red belt 
from his waist. The student then walked toward Tenchi, presenting the belt
to him.
	"Tenchi," Sam said sincerely, "you've helped us as much as we 
helped you. As co-leader, ah would be honored if you accepted membership t'
the New Mutants."
	Tenchi stood astounded with a voice suspended by pride. He had 
thought the Mutants hated him. Now they were inviting him to their team!
He looked around the group for any opposition to Sam's idea. None betrayed 
any looks of regret or unwillingness. Even Roberto smiled at this initiation. 
Tenchi then looked at the belt in Sam's hands. It symbolized a gift, a 
recognition of value. He didn't know what to say.
	Instead, Tenchi smiled. Gently he took the belt from Sam's hands. He 
quickly wrapped the gridle around his waist. Amara, Roberto, Illyana, Doug,
and Sam cheered with approval. Mihoshi gave a different reaction; she 
cried her eyes out. The group gathered together to shake hands with their 
newest member. 
	"Now that Tenchi's a new mutant," smiled Illyana to the Professor,
"We have no choice but to help him in rescuing our friends."
	But the Professor remained stoic. His face looked as stern and
stubborn as ever. His answer was going to be the same.
	It was not. "Very well," said the Professor. "You can go. But you 
will do so under my guidance!"
	The mutants smiled in their instructor's approval. The Professor 
had accepted defeat. Although every moral fiber in his body was against it, 
Xavier realized that the New Mutants WERE a team. He was proud of their 
loyalty to each other, and their determination to help one another. However, 
this was offset by a fear that such comraderie could have deadly consequences.
	"One question." said Illyana. "How do we find Kagato's domain?" 
===============================================================================
To be continued.
Next time: The final battle begins!
So what do you think? e-mail me your comments.
* Shan (Xian) Coy Manh was a founding member of the New Mutants. Codenamed 
Karma, the vietnamese had the mutant ability to possess people's minds. In NEW
MUTANTS 6, Shan went missing, presumbed dead (though the Mutants refused
to believe so). She would not reappear again until NEW MUTANTS 29. Since
this story is set between NM 21-22, I thought not to include her for
continuity's sake.
** The Impossible Man took the mansion in UNCANNY X-MEN ANNUAL 7.
*** Some of you reading this might be thinking where the X-Men are. I've
decided to put them on some unrecorded mission that included Colossus,
Rogue, Nightcrawler, Storm, and Rachel. Wolverine and Kitty are presently
in Japan, in the limited series WOLVERINE AND KITTY PRYDE.