Private Bets
by Shade

Based on Metroanime's "The Bet"

Disclaimer: The Bet and Toltiier are owned by Gregg Sharp, Ranma Saotome is
Takahashi-sama's, Tenchi Masaki belongs AIC and Pioneer. Everyone else belongs
to whoever owns them. This was done only for entertainment, so if you don't
like it just don't read it. Constructive C&C welcome, flames not. Complaints
about the focus of this Bet should not be sent to me because I am not
interested in a Character debate.

*$*$*$*$*$*$*$*

-Prologue

The figure stood alone on the desolate plain. The only feature that broke the
ground’s endless flat surface was a small depression in the dark soil. Within
it rested a reflective pool of water. But only a fool would try to drink from
it. Within its silent depths rested the very fabric of destiny itself.

    Cursing softly at the bite of the chill wind the figure drew his black
cloak a little closer, he never had gotten used to temperatures this low. He
scanned the bland emptiness patiently, waiting for the others. His vigilance
was rewarded by a blue flash of light that formed in front of him into a
roughly man-sized gateway....12 feet off the ground. With a resigned sigh he
waited for the inevitable.....

“I’m he...WWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA....”*SPLAT*

“He still hasn’t gotten that spell of his right.” Rowan shook his head in mock
despair as he went to help the Bard up.

“I really hate it when that happens!” The young man grumbled as he pulled
himself to his feet.

“Where are the others?”

In response the Bard gestured back toward his portal.

“Uh oh.”

*CRASH*

The others were here.

-A little later

The a look around the gathering revealed most of them to be the minor players
in the multiverse, creatures and heroes that were below deity status and thus
ineligible for the original Bet. A sizable number of neutral and even some of
the more mischievous beings had come to this private contest, however none of
the more malicious villains had been invited due to the nature of this new
wager. That and the holders of this Bet didn’t like evil creatures....they
REALLY didn’t like them.

“Where’s Shadow and goodie two shoes?” asked the Bard as he eyed one of the
Valkyries that had accepted, thanking his lucky stars that their armor was
so.....flattering.

“Give me a second.” With an ease that spoke of long experience Rowan found the
pendent and concentrated. For a moment nothing happened, then two darker
images seemed to branch out from either side of him and coalesced into the
familiar forms of Shadow and the Guardian.

“Well you certainly took long enough.” The warrior of Darkness stretched a
little, his sarcastic tone as cutting as ever.

"You know Toltiier ain't going to like this, a Bet being held and him not
being invited." His opposite pointed out.

Rowan shrugged, "He had his big wager, we have ours."

"Besides he's already got that Fairie time-line and those other ones to watch.
It's our turn to have challenge." Shadow said smugly.

“Then shall we proceed?” came the polite tone of the defender of the Light.

“First we’d better go over the rules.” Rowan pointed out, seeing as they
didn’t want any cheating or foulplay in THIS Bet.

After pulling the Bard away (This required the application of several blunt
instruments to his cranium) and getting the crowd into a semblance of order
they proceeded to brief the eager demi-deities.

Rule 1: Only ONE pebble may be thrown for each entry. However
        the pebble is allowed to make more then one ripple IF
        the challenger can get it to do so.

Rule 2: ONE entry per challenger, violation of this will result in
   immediate forfeiture and banishment from this realm.

Rule 3: The purpose of this wager is to alter the destiny
        of either the one known as Ranma Saotome or Tenchi
        Masaki toward the particular sphere of influence of the
challenger.

Rule 4: The default universe is set within the standard
       “Suspension of Disbelief” Reality System (tm) as such
       while the LHW are allowed DBZ and other such nonsense aren’t
      (DBZ being level “Beyond the scope of Rationality” Reality) .

Rule 5: NO blatant dark fics, NO naughty tentacles, and
        NO nausea-inducing entries

Rule 6: No interfering with another challenger’s Bet

Rule 7: Anything else goes.

The Prize: The winner’s timeline will remain and the winner
           will become the dominant power in their altered universe.

Bard: “Let the game begin!”

And the challenge is on.

<To be Continued>