Pulp Tenchi-Episode One: Reservoir Ryo-oh-ki's
Written by Gabe Ricard
Based on an idea from Little Washu's "cute" homepage
Disclaimer: Tenchi characters do not belong to me so
don't get your panties in a bunch and sue me.and while
I have written this and have also came up with a few
idea's in the story. The idea of combining Tenchi and
Pulp Fiction as well as the basic plot was thought up
by Little Washu's "cute" homepage which is one of the
best Tenchi sites out there with a shrine to the best
Tenchi character of them all. The sites fairly easy to
find so go check it out. Read this first though.I'm
now going to turn over the introduction to today's
presenter: Little Washu!

(Washu sits at her computer, focused deeply on the
work before her. Ryo-oh-ki sits fascinated on her
shoulder. She hears a sound and turns around, her look
of mild annoyance turning to surprise.)

Washu: Oh? Who are you? Guinea pigs perhaps? No?
Oh.ah! You must be here for the debut of an all-new
Adventures in time and space series in which any cast
members from any of the three universes will be thrown
into any number of bizzare alternate worlds, much like
the three episodes from Tenchi Universe! Some of them
are so incredibly weird you won't believe it! Today we
open with episode one of Pulp Tenchi! And-

Ryo-oh-ki: Meow!

Washu: Oh yeah.I almost forgot.something else to
remember is each series will run it's own number of
episodes so in essence.Pulp Tenchi could run twenty
episodes while the next universe could run three
episodes or even one! Anyway, watch as Tenchi Masaki
the young prodigy hitman for the Masaki family goes
out on a job with his main babes, Aeka, and Ryoko! And
be sure to watch for appearances from Sasami, Mihoshi,
and yours truly.

Ryo-oh-ki: Meow!

Washu: Yes and you too Ryo-oh-ki. So sit back everyone
and enjoy! And remember the author is a complete
praise whore so be sure to let him know what you
think.

Episode One: Reservoir Ryo-oh-ki's

"So you understand son?"

Tenchi stared across the table in the little
restaurant at his father Nobuyuki whose face was
shrouded in darkness. "Of course.I mean there's
nothing really special about this particular hit is
there?"

"More than you think Tenchi.Grandpa is very eager to
get that briefcase back."

"Okay, okay. I'll head down to this address," Tenchi
held up the slip of paper his father had given him
moments ago, "With Aeka and Ryoko and have it back by
dinner time."

Nobuyuki reached out and grabbed the sake cup,
bringing it up to his lips and finishing it off, "And
Tenchi?"

"Yeah?"

"Stop by Vincent Vega's store on the way there.you
know what to get and how much."

"You need more?" asked Tenchi a sweat drop appearing
on the right side of his head, "I just picked up a ton
last weekend."

"I went through it faster then I thought.just get it.
Tell Vincent you want the usual and he'll give you the
package. Okay?"

"Okay dad.don't worry about it." Tenchi nodded, taking
the last sip of his bowl of mesa soup and swiftly
walking out of the restaurant right into the cruel,
mid morning sun.

"Those two.are fighting.again," Tenchi lowered his
head and sighed, "It's way too early for this kinda
thing." He sighed again and walked over to Aeka and
Ryoko who where standing on the sidewalk and seemed to
be engaged in a very heated conversation. Ryo-oh-ki
watched quietly from a mailbox. "What're you two
arguing about now?"

Both girls suddenly ceased their arguing and stared at
Tenchi. "Hello Tenchi. Did your meeting with father go
well?"

Ryoko scoffed loud enough so that Tenchi and Aeka
would turn around then rolled her eyes, "What.are you
going to start kissing up to Tenchi already? And
what's with this father thing? Since when did he
become your father?"

Aeka's eyes began to twitch and grow large, "LISTEN
YOU-"

Tenchi interrupted the battle by placing his hand
between the two, "That's enough both of you.we have a
job to do so let's get going." He looked up to
Ryo-oh-ki, "Ready?"

"Meow!"

Tenchi smiled and reached over taking the cabbit in
his hand and throwing it in the air. Within seconds,
Ryo-oh-ki turned into a Ford Mustang and fell softly
to the ground. Tenchi walked over to the drivers side
and was about to get in but stopped and watched as
Ryoko and Aeka began to argue once again. This time it
was over who would get to sit in the front with
Tenchi. Tenchi cleared his throat loudly to get their
attention and when he had it, he informed them, much
to Ryoko's anger that it was Aeka's turn to sit with
him.

"This is so unfair," muttered Ryoko disappearing and
reappearing in the back of the car. Aeka smiled and
slid into the front relishing her victory.

"Those two," thought Tenchi opening the door and
getting inside the car.

"So how was the trip to Jurai Aeka? You where gone a
whole week and I think everyone in the family really
missed you." Tenchi put his hands on the steering
wheel and his feet on the brakes although this wasn't
really necessary since Ryo-oh-ki was more than capable
of steering itself.

"Not all of us," grumbled Ryoko before Aeka could
reply to Tenchi's question.

Aeka ignored her, "It's a lot like here I guess. There
are a few differences though."

"Oh? Like what?"

"Well you know how you can go to a Mcdonalds and get a
cheeseburger?"

"They don't have Mcdonalds in Jurai?"

"Oh they do. They just don't call it Mcdonalds."

"What do they call it?"

"The Grand Burger Empire of Jurai."

"Your joking," said Ryoko.

"No.and they don't call a cheeseburger a cheeseburger
either."

"What do they call it?" asked Tenchi.

"The Lighthawk with cheese."

Tenchi couldn't help but laugh, "Lighthawk with
cheese." he laughed again. He glanced out the window
and stopped suddenly. He had almost driven past
Vincent Vega's store. He turned the steering wheel
slightly and Ryo-oh-ki understood and pulled up next
to the store. Tenchi got out of the car and leaned
into the window, "I'll be right back.you two behave."

"I will Tenchi!" smiled Ryoko; she looked over at Aeka
as if she was an armed felon, "I'm just not sure about
this girl over here."

"Ryoko! Why don't you just-" Tenchi did not allow her
to finish and walked towards the convenience store.

"Hey Tenchi. What brings you here today?" Vincent
looked up from the register. He looked oddly like
someone from a movie Tenchi could never recall and had
been around since the 70's.

"I'm here to pick up a package for my father."

"Another?" Vincent laughed and pulled out a cigarette
from his jacket pocket, lighting it and taking a drag
then offering one from the pack to Tenchi who politely
declined. "You where just in here.what? Two weeks ago?
Less then that. Your father goes through those things
in half the time any normal human could."

"I know.I know." Tenchi produced three twenties and
put them on the table. "Do you got one?"

"Of course," Vincent reached behind the counter and
pulled out a box laying it on the table. He reached
out and took the money slipping it into his jacket
most likely where the cigarettes where.

"How many are there?"

"See for yourself.about the same as usual I would
guess."

Tenchi opened the box and looked inside. There where
about 30 exotic adult magazines inside. Some looked as
if they where imported from different planets. "I
guess.I got a job to do. So I'll see you later okay?"

"No problem.I hope your father enjoys the books."

"I'm sure he will," Tenchi stepped back outside and
got in the car. Ryoko and Aeka where both silent and
it was obvious their argument had reached a stalemate
of some sort. Finally, when they began driving again
Ryoko asked Tenchi which one of them he was taking out
tonight. Tenchi felt pleased with himself when he
silenced them both by saying they would flip for it
later. A few minutes later, the car came to a stop in
front of a modern looking apartment. Tenchi and the
girls got out while Ryo-oh-ki remained in Mustang
form. Tenchi adjusted his tie and walked over to the
trunk of the car and popped it open. "We really should
have brought shotguns," Tenchi slipped two 45's into
his jacket.

"Why Tenchi?" asked Aeka, "How many people are up
there?"

"Dad said there was like.three or four. Maybe even
five." Tenchi reached up and shut the trunk.

Ryoko shook her head and pushed herself upward from
the lamppost she was leaning on and followed Tenchi
and Aeka into the apartment building, "We should have
brought shotguns."

(Screen fades to black and reappears with Washu
sitting with Ryo-oh-ki.)

Washu: What an opening! It looks like Tenchi, Ryoko
and Aeka are getting ready to take out their job given
to them by Nobuyuki. But what's going to happen next?

Ryo-oh-ki: meow!"

Washu: Neither do I Ryo-oh-ki

Ryo-oh-ki: Meow! Meow meoooww!"

Washu: Yes we all saw your part. You made a wonderful
Ford Mustang

Ryo-oh-ki: Meow!

Washu: No, I don't know where I was in the story

Ryo-oh-ki: Meow!

Washu: or Sasami

Ryo-oh-ki: Meow!

Washu: and no I don't know where Mihoshi is. But don't
worry, I'm sure they'll appear later in the series.
Maybe even in the next one which should be written as
soon as soon the lazy author finishes another ff7 fan
fic and his Shawshank Redemption fan fic.

(There is a knock at the door)

Washu: Come in!

(Tenchi steps inside)

Tenchi: Hey Washu.who're these people?

Washu: It's not important. What do you want?

Tenchi: I just came to tell you that dinners ready.
Are you coming?

Washu: Is it that late already? Well all right I'm on
my way up but before I do.

(Pushes a button which causes several metal wires to
shoot out and wrap around Tenchi holding him up
several feet from the ground)

Washu: I've really been meaning to talk to you about
that "last sample"

Tenchi: (eyes widen) now wait Little Washu! We really
should go to dinner I-

(As Tenchi continues to struggle Ryo-oh-ki jumps in
front of them)

Ryo-oh-ki: Meow!

To be continued...
