DISCLAIMER:
I have never owned any of the characters mentioned in the story about to be 
told, save for Quicksilver.
He's all mine.  The Tenchi Muyo!  gang is the sole property of....

			somebody else.

I only wish to write a story and have a good time with it, I have no desire 
for a lawsuit, so nobody file one
against me.  I'm penniless and in could no way pay off anything.  I couldn't 
even buy a piece of bubblegum
(Mmmmmm... bubblegum).

		ALL RIGHTS RESERVED FOR QUICKSILVER.

And nobody feed off of my story to write your own, please!  Make somethin' 
else up!!  I want to give
mention of my whole family (save my brother and sister whom neither give a 
rat's-ass about my writing),
for it was their ceaseless encouragement to write another Quicksilver epic 
that drove me to write this.

		SO WITHOUT FURTHER ADIEU'... ON TO THE STORY!



			THE QUICKSILVER AFFAIR
		         	DAY ONE


	Twilight was settling over the Land of the Rising Sun.  A red sky in the 
west stretched and
blended into a dark purple in the east.  Stars began to shed their 
otherworldly lights from behind scattered
orange hued clouds, and onto the world below.  A shimmering lake surrounded 
by forests, reflected the
splash of colors in the sky.  A fair sized house stood in a clearing near 
the shore.  Gardens of many
vegetables lay a sizable distance from the structure, most of only carrots.  
A Shinto shrine set atop the hill
behind the house.
	Two figures walked a trail through the forest, a young man and a young 
woman.
	"Lord Tenchi?" the young woman asked, "When will you make your choice 
between Ryoko and
myself?"
	Tenchi halted and scratched the back of his head, "I can't Miss Aeka."
	The woman took a couple more steps then stopped, turned her head, and 
raised an eyebrow.
	Still serious, the boy continued, "How can I choose just one of you without 
hurting the other?
And I don't want to hurt either of you.  I guess I'm afraid of what would 
happen to you if I chose Ryoko,
and what would happen to Ryoko if I chose you."
	Aeka sighed.
	"If you cared any less, then you would have made your choice already.  
Tenchi, you're so sweet,"
she said as she turned to face him.
	Tenchi blushed furiously and looked towards the ground.
	"Yeah, real sweet," a voice came from off the path.
	The two spun in the direction of the speaking.  Ryoko phased out of one of 
the trees.  Before
Aeka could spin a web of curses the ex-pirate cupped her hand over the 
princess's mouth to quiet her, then
looked to Tenchi.
	"Sorry about the eavesdropping Tenchi, I came along to ensure your 
protection," she apologized
humbly, hanging her head.
	"Ryoko, I've told you so many times that I can take care of myself," Tenchi 
scolded.
	"Well, can you blame me for wanting to keep safe the one thing in this 
existence that I care so
dearly for?" Ryoko shot back, clutching her heart with both hands and 
dishing out her most anguished
expression.  Aeka rolled her eyes.
	Aeka then began to speak, "Lord Tenchi does not WISH for your protection, 
Devil-woman!  And
furthermore..."
	She never did finish her sentence.
	For at that moment a brilliant flash of light lit the forest.  Tendrils of 
electricity snapped through
the air as a gale-force wind whipped through the spot.  Shimmering colors 
flitted around the three as they
struggled to hold their footing in the chaos.
	Then, as suddenly as the phenomenon came, it left.  Followed by a thud as 
something hit the
ground behind one of the bushes.

	He felt his body screaming under the pressure of 'portation.  Wind whipped 
his body, lightning
caressed him, and mind felt the steady pulse of things learned and 
forgotten.  He struggled to remember
thoughts which the 'portation tried to wipe away.  As soon as this was over, 
he'd know one more thing
about himself.  That is what kept him from screaming along with his battered 
form.  His eyes were closed,
but he still saw through his eyelids the blinding flashes of white light and 
colors.
	The torture ceased and the sensation of falling was the next he felt.  He 
landed on his shoulders,
the wind knocked from his lungs, he struggled to regain it.  He smelled the 
scent of trees (growing ever
familiar for he ceased to 'port any other place but a forest).  He heard 
numerous curious sounds, the
crunching of leaves, the lapping of water on a lake shore, and a steady 
murmur, of what?.
	Then he heard the voices, they drew nearer.
	He then realized that he still had his eyes closed, he struggled to open 
them, once again feeling
glued shut, as they had in the past.
	<NO!> he thought, <I shall NOT be caught unawares!>
	And in one surge of will his eyes flew open.
	Something was wrong!  He couldn't move!  This had never happened before.  
<Had I landed
wrong?>  He couldn't breathe!  He couldn't feel!
	The voices drew ever closer as darkness closed in to wrap him.
	<This cannot be happening!  I cannot die yet!  I could not stand another 
'portation so soon!  Oh
Great Ones be merciful!  Please let them be friendly!>
	A cloak of blackness drew around him as the ones who sought him found him.

	Ryoko came upon the unconscious body first.
	"I fouuund iiiit!" she sang to the other two.  Aeka and Tenchi broke 
through the bushes
surrounding the motionless form to join the demoness.
	"It's not breathing," Aeka said as she knelt beside the unmoving heap.  
Seeing the shape as
humanoid, she felt for a pulse, brushing aside black hair that was in the 
way.  "It... er... his, pulse is
fading quickly."
	"Well we can't just leave him there," Tenchi said as he also bent down next 
to the form.
	"Then let's take him to Washu, then she can restrain him and we can figure 
out what's wrong
with him and find out what he's doing here,"  Ryoko offered, and with that, 
she teleported all of them
directly into her mother's sub-space lab.  As they materialized in the foyer 
of the lab Ryoko made sure that
Aeka didn't land on her feet, and the "prisoner" was set gently to the 
floor.
	"Really Tenchi," Ryoko said sweetly, placing her hands on her hips and 
cocking her head to the
side, "how could you want someone so clumsy?"
	Aeka scrambled to her feet, growling.
	"You.... you.... YOU!" Aeka began, but was once again interrupted in her 
attempts to insult the
cyan-haired woman by Washu, whom chose that particular time to show up.
	"I heard a ruckus over here, what's going on?  Another debate?" the small 
redheaded woman
said.  Her eyes quickly drifted down to the cloaked figure lying on the 
floor.
	"Who's this?" she asked quizzically to no one in particular.
	Before either of the other two women could answer, Tenchi replied, "We 
found him in the forest,
he's not breathing and Miss Aeka said that his pulse was fading."
	Washu nodded.  She immediately brought up her laptop and began tapping away 
at the keys,
occasionally glancing at the still form on the floor.  A bright yellow beam 
extended from Washu's toy and
swept over the unmoving shape of their guest/prisoner.  When it was finished 
the beam disappeared and
the computer whirred for a millisecond or two before revealing results on 
the screen.  Washu looked over
it with a concerned expression before speaking.
	"From the looks of it he has a broken neck and a severed spinal cord, but 
the readings tell me that
the body has already set to work on repairing the damage," the small woman 
said is a somewhat distant
voice.
	"What?!?" the others exclaimed in unison.
	"But I thought that no creature in existence could heal a damaged nervous 
system!  At least that's
what they tell me in science class," Tenchi said, scratching the back of his 
head.
	"Amazingly the idiot scientists on this planet have gotten something right, 
Tenchi," Washu said
with a sigh, "but obviously this isn't your run-of-the-mill lifeform.  He 
seems to be evolved well beyond
that state."
	"So what're we gonna do with him?" Ryoko demanded, crossing her arms.
	"WE will do nothing, I will take him to the infirmary and see about helping 
him out with his
injuries and examine him.  YOU, will get out of here and leave me to take 
care of him," Washu said,
trying to sound as firm as possible.
	Tenchi flinched, not liking the way she used the word "examine".
	"Miss Washu, you may take care of him, but please notify us the moment he 
awakens so we may
question him," Aeka said politely.
	Washu turned toward the Princess with a frown, "Huh?  Did you say 
something?"
	"Uh.. um... w-what she means, LITTLE Washu, is... ah... c-can you come and 
get us when he
wakes up?" Tenchi clarified, trying to put as much stress on the "Little" as 
he could, to remind Aeka of
her mistake.
	Washu grinned, her eyes lighting up, "Sure Tenchi, anything for you."
	A large drop of sweat rolled down Aeka's face.  Washu once again began 
clicking away at her
computer.
	A transparent black sheet formed under the soon-to-be patient, then began 
levitating, carrying the
figure with it.
	"A sub-space stretcher, quite useful," Washu said with a wink.  A door 
formed in the air behind
Washu.  The computer phased away and the small woman turned, opened the 
door, and went through, the
stretcher following closely behind.
	When the door came closed Aeka whipped around and glared at Ryoko.
	"You did that on purpose you fiendish harlot, you!" Aeka screamed, her face 
taking on several
shades of red.
	Ryoko turned a pair of uninterested eyes toward her.
	"Did what, princess?" she asked politely.
	"Made me fall on my backside you ignorant hussy!" Aeka shrieked.
	"It's not my fault you're so clumsy, geeze, don't try to blame your faults 
on me," the other glared
back.
	Another door formed near them and the three walked through it, the women 
arguing all the way.

	Washu tied the prisoner/patient down on a fairly comfortable surgical 
table, then went to the
computer terminal and began a diagnostic. While the computer ran its checks 
on the subject, Washu took
her first good look at the almost elegant figure on the table.
	His cloak, she found with a start, had changed from the color of dirt and 
grass to match with the
colors of the table and other surroundings. Making itself nearly invisible.  
Her sharp green eyes travled
from feet to head.
	A pair of new looking brown boots, a pair of loose-fitting brown pants made 
of a soft seeming
material.  A heavy black belt of the same material as the pants covered by a 
forest green silk sash, a large
pouch tied to the right side, and a sword to the left.  A closed sleeved 
shirt, loose and also woven of the
same strange cloth as the belt and trousers. A pair of metal bracers covered 
his forearms, both sported a
round gold plate that protruded about a quarter of an inch out.
	Her visual expedition of the figure ended at the face.  Washu was 
embarrassed to find that she
had gasped once her eyes had fallen upon the calm expression of the man.
	He was HANDSOME!
	Surely Tenchi had the boyishly cute face that had intrigued her many times 
in the past.  But this
stranger possessed the beauty of a man of the world.  She judged him to be 
at least in his early to mid
twenties, in Earth years, and found he also had long, thick, ebony black 
hair.
	"My, you are pleasing to the eye aren't you?" she asked him in a fruity 
tone.
	She then turned back to the consol and began clicking away, deciding to 
make her own "little"
observations.

	The blackness began to recede as his head cleared.
	<No pain, no falling, I must still be alive!> he thought, excitement rising 
in him.  He kept calm
though, and carefully opened an eye, just enough to see.
	His eyes caught the blurred sight of a child standing with her back to some 
fairly large electronic
equipment.
	Strange, the child seemed to have a very large amount of bright red hair. 
Looking spiked no less.
	She was taking a long look at him.  She gasped, then stood for a moment, 
saying something he
didn't understand.  She turned away from him and went to typing quickly at 
the equipment behind her.
He opened his eyes the rest of the way and took a quick look at the 
situation.
	He was tied to a very comfortable table, his wrists, ankles, and waist were 
bound to the surface.
He carefully strained against them, testing them, they were quite solid.
	His thoughts stirred for a bit, then an idea came to him.  He quickly, 
silently, went to work.

	Washu finished her program and began to look for errors that could occur.  
She felt a small rush
of wind on her back.  Puzzled, she turned to face the table, only to find 
that her subject was gone, the
bindings undone. She stepped away from the consol and looked around for a 
moment.  Alarm took her
and she spun back to the computer, intending a security scan of the area. A 
figure stood there, pointing a
silver blade at her throat.
	He said something to her in a language she didn't know.  A strange look 
came to his face, an
expression of worry, almost.  He turned his head and stared at the 
electronic display.  His eyes fluttered
and his body shook, then he turned back to her.  At that moment the 
monitors, which were still examining
the stranger, showed an odd reading, that of psionic activity.
	"Who are you?" he asked.
	Washu's eyes grew wide.  He could learn a language by simply reading a few 
words.  A grin
came to her face as she thought of this.
	"Washu," she answered in a cheerful tone.  His face showed tension, she 
figured it best not alarm
him.
	"Why am I here?" he demanded.
	"For a medical examination of sorts to determine your physical condition 
and possibly your
genetic make up," she said, puffing her chest out proudly, "I am a certified 
medical physician in all
aspects you know."
	His face smoothed to show no emotion.
	"Do you know what I just said?" the scientist inquired, remembering that 
she had to occasionally
explain what she said to the others.
	"Yes, you said you were giving me a check up," he replied, "and that you're 
a doctor."
	Washu instantly liked him.  He could easily comprehend complex phrases, and 
so she wouldn't
have to say the same thing numerous times to him.
	"What was the true purpose of this?  I sense an ulterior motive," he asked. 
  Washu saw another
spike of psychic activity on the monitors.
	"I was going to revive you so we could question you."
	"'We?'"
	"Yes, the others are in the normal-space dwelling," the small scientist 
answered, "You haven't
met them have you?  Well, I'll see to that. They're really quite an 
interesting bunch, once you get to know
them."
	Washu took the chance to step back from the business end of the stranger's 
sword.  She then
began to walk towards a door that had materialized to the side.
	There was a snap of air as the long blade pressed its more dangerous side 
to her neck.
	"You will go nowhere without me," he growled.
	<Wrong move girl,> a voice rang in Washu's head.
	"Oh, so you want the grand tour, eh?" the genius inquired cheerfully.
	The ungrateful houseguest grunted acknowledgment.
	"Then follow me," Washu sang as she skipped through the door, "watch your 
step please!"
	He followed her through without a word.

	They emerged into a hallway... and... underneath... a... set of... 
stairs!?!
	A rather large household was laid out around him.  Bewildered by how such 
an enormous place
such as the medical room he had just come from could be housed under a set 
of small stairs.  A group of
strangely garbed people quickly surrounded him.
	A small girl with blue hair and pink eyes, a strange creature sat atop her 
head.  A woman behind
her with purple hair and another set of strange eyes.  A tall, well-formed 
woman, dark skinned and
wearing a head of wavy blonde hair, stood chewing on a food item. Yet 
another woman, her hair radically
spiked and cyan colored, she sported a particularly peculiar style of 
clothes.  Lastly his eyes stopped at a
young man, his short black hair and plain dress set him apart from the 
others.
	<Well at least there's a male here, I was starting to worry,> he thought.  
He quickly picked up
violent thoughts coming from the woman with spiked hair.  He tensed.
	<Last time I took a risk to fight when outnumbered in such tight spaces, I 
regretted it,> his mind
scolded, <a tactical retreat is in order.>
	His body became rigid as he readied himself to flee.

	Everyone stared at the figure whom held Washu prisoner.
	Seeing a chance, Sasami stepped forward and introduced herself.
	"My name is Sasami," she said with a grin and a giggle, "what's yours?"
	Ryo-ohki let loose a loud, "Meow!"
	The stranger looked to her, a somewhat shocked expression on his face.
	"Quicksilver," he responded in a pleasant tone, a half grin on his face.
	"Well," grunted Ryoko, "what the hell are you doing here?"
	"I've no idea," Quicksilver said in a thoughtful voice.
	"You're lying!!" Ryoko grunted.
	“Hold on now, I mean no harm, I am simply...” he began.
	“Then why are you holding my mother hostage?!” Ryoko screamed.
	Washu’s eyes seemed to bulge from shock, then she grinned.
	 “Calm down Ryoko, we don’t want him to hurt anybody,” Tenchi cautioned.
	“Get your damned hands off her!” she bellowed as lunged at the stranger, a 
glittering blade
forming in her hand.
	Before Ryoko could strike him though, he was behind her.  Landing a blow at 
the base of her
skull with the pommel of his sword.
	<He must have teleported>, thought Washu in amazement, <that speed was 
inhuman>.
	He then turned to the foyer, and ran.  He disappeared and was at the door 
in an instant.  Luckily,
Tenchi's grandfather chose that moment to come in from the shrine for 
dinner.  Quicksilver skidded to a
halt in front of him.
	Katsuhito didn't so much as flinch as he looked the other in the eye.
	"Hello," he said flatly.
	Quicksilver spun quickly, seeing the others surround him once more.

	<Blast it all to the endless Abyss!> he grunted.
	The group had cornered him.  He spun like a wild animal, confused.
	<Nowhere to go but up,> he though, <this is gonna hurt.>
	His legs then powered him up, through the ceiling and into another room, a 
large window faced
him.  His back ached from the recent impact, but the throbbing was already 
subsiding.
	<I'd almost hate to do this,> he gritted his teeth, sheathed his sword, and 
charged ahead.  The
glass shattered around him as his body did a somersault through the air, he 
landed with a thud and a roll.
He was on his feet and dashing ahead into the woods within an instant, cuts 
quickly sealing.
	He made a dive into the bushes, drawing his cloak about himself...
	disappearing.

	The group stood staring at the bits of wood lying on the floor from their 
guest's drastic departure.
The sound of glass breaking still ringing in their ears.
	"Oooooooohh, what just happened?" Tenchi groaned, scratching his head yet 
again.
	"Seems he ran away," Aeka said, screwing up her face.
	"Well let's go after him," Ryoko growled, rubbing the back of her head.  
Katsuhito wisely stepped
aside as the demoness barreled out the door.
	"Guess we have to help find him," Tenchi said wearily, and he trudged out 
the door.  The rest
following close behind.

	They were coming after him.
	<What could their intention be?  First the small one introduced herself to 
me, then the other
started shouting questions and tried to attack me.  They are definitely not 
organized,> Quicksilver thought
to himself.
	He was content with his hiding place, nothing could spot him.
	The group came into clear view.  Sasami and the boy came very close to him.
	"Tenchi," she asked, "why did Quicksilver run away?"
	"I don't know, he probably went into a panic and tried to get away to 
collect himself," the boy
said after some thought.
	<He doesn’t know how right he is!> thought the former guest.
	"But all we wanted to do was help him, right?.  Besides, he looked hungry 
and I was getting
ready to fix dinner."
	"Weeeelll, Ryoko got ahead of herself I'd guess, and he got the wrong 
idea."
	"Why does she always have to be so mean to everybody?"
	"Probably just the way she's lived in the past.  Attack and take names 
later."
	"Well, Quicksilver seemed nice, and I wanted to get to know him."
	He'd heard enough.  Still cloaking himself, he rushed from cover.  He had a 
plan to make them
see him as a good guy.
	After he was far enough ahead he drew his sword and plowed into the woods, 
every tree in reach
fell with one swift stroke.
	"Oh how I hate to do this," he grunted.
	After he had come to a stone stairway he stopped, doubled back, and dashed 
back to the house.

	Ryoko had kept a firm aerial view of the woods, and quickly caught sight of 
the trail of falling
trees near the shrine.  She shot toward the advancing head of it and found 
that coward Quicksilver
chopping down trees like there was no tomorrow.  He stopped, looked around, 
then charged back
the way he had come.  She followed, went ahead and teleported right into his 
path.
	He kicked up dirt as he skidded to a stop, then barreled off to the side.
	"Huh?"
	Her eyes followed as he ran for a tree.
	<He's going to crash,> she thought pleasantly, <he won't turn fast enough.>
	She was right, he didn't turn, instead he shot up the trunk of the tree, 
his feet pounding it's
surface.  He easily dodged branches and came to a stop at the highest twig 
standing upon it as though he
weighed nothing.
	Ryoko flew up to face him.  He showed no emotion as she came to eye level, 
a scant few feet from
him.  She grinned at him haughtily, showing she could easily keep pace with 
him.  A flash of reflected
light and the sword tip met her throat, scraping the skin.  Her grin stayed.
	"Go ahead, Quicksilver," she said tauntingly, putting extra icing on the 
title.  He seemed to be
weighing his options.
	A sudden strange sensation came about him.  The air around him snapped.
	"What goes up, must come down, R-y-o-k-o," he growled back, taunting just 
the same.  Ryoko's
smug expression melted away.  The sword was no longer at her throat, instead 
it came down on her head,
crackling.
	She screamed as the flat of the blade thunked her skull and thrust painful 
electricity into her
head.
	She fell to the ground in a smoking heap.
	Quicksilver hopped down from the treetop and strode to Ryoko.  He picked 
her up and carried her
back to the house.

	After checking the trail their guest had made within a minute and the area 
around the shrine, the
group headed back to the house.  Nothing had turned up and they had searched 
for almost an hour.  It was
past dinnertime and they all felt a gnawing hunger, night had fallen as 
well.
	They reached the Masaki home, but something was strange.  The scent of 
spices and frying food
came from the household.
	"Sasami, were you fixing supper before we left?" Mihoshi questioned.
	Everyone went rigid, then nearly broke down the door as they rushed into 
the foyer then the
living room.  Ryoko lay on the couch.
	"Ryoko!  How could you be here slothing around during a crisis?" Aeka 
shrieked.
	Ryoko didn't respond.  A wet washcloth lay across her forehead.
	"Ryoko?" Sasami crept up to the couch.  Ryo-ohki mewed softly. Sasami 
lifted the former pirate's
hand from her chest, where they were crossed.  She let go and the hand 
dropped limply back into place.
	"Oh," Sasami's hand went to her mouth.  She ran to Tenchi and buried  her 
face in his stomach,
whimpering.
	Washu then took her turn, she felt for Ryoko's pulse then held her hand 
over the mouth.
	"Well, she's breathing and her pulse is normal.  I'd say she's out like a 
light," Washu muttered.
	Once again the scent of food filled everyone's nostrils, and they looked 
toward the kitchen.
	They crowded around the open doorway to glimpse a busy Quicksilver.
	He was shooting about, chopping vegetables with his enormous blade and 
stirring the contents of
several pots.  His cloak was gone, in its stead was Sasami's frilly carrot 
apron, his hair was drawn back in
a ponytail.
	Mihoshi giggled as he rushed to the cupboard and snatched out plates and 
bowls setting them in
an orderly fashion along with spoons and chop-sticks.  Glasses were also 
brought to the table.  His lithe
form shot to the counter, he dumped the chopped up veggies into a large 
wooden bowl, ground some
pepper, added some spices, and used two large spoons to mix it up.
	"He's making dinner," Tenchi said in a flat tone.
	Sasami walked over to help him but he simply went around her, hardly even 
acknowledging her
presence.
	He shot to and fro from the table and stove as he dished out rice, fried 
cabbage and carrots, and
numerous other foods the group didn't know they had the ingredients to make. 
  He then did something
strange.
	Their prisoner/guest slowly walked to the head of the table, reached into 
the pouch at his side and
pulled out seven small leaves.  They were of a fairly basic shape, looking 
somewhat like tea leaves, only
smaller and a darker green.  He then strode around the table, laying a leaf 
on each plate as he passed
them, then back to the head of the table.  His head was bowed as he waved 
the lengthy blade of his sword
over the food gently, saying something in a strange low language.
	He sheathed his sword and brought his hands together in front of him.
	Quicksilver looked up, his face showing that he had just now noticed them.  
His sharp green eyes
regarded them for a moment he then stepped away and gestured for all to have 
a seat.  As they took their
places he slipped out to the living room and brought Ryoko in to sit to the 
left of Tenchi.  He gently took
off the cloth that was stuck to her head then drew his index finger across 
her forehead, her eyes snapped
open. She looked around, seeming confused, she then clutched her temples and 
groaned. Quicksilver
made his way to the doorway, taking off his scabbard and laying it on his 
cloak that had been laying in a
pile just inside the kitchen.
	"I'm sorry about all the trees I fell, it was meant as a distraction to you 
all so I could come back
here and prepare a meal.  But I was cut off by her," he turned and gestured 
to Ryoko, who sat there in a
daze, "and I had to subdue her."
	The group poked at the food uneasily, as though it might jump up and eat 
them instead.
	"Go ahead and eat," he said quietly, "I'll be in the next room."
	He gathered his cloak and sword then headed out to sit on the couch, laying 
his property on the
table in front of it.
	Mihoshi spared no time and immediately began to shovel food into her mouth.
	"Mihoshi!" Aeka exclaimed.
	The other looked up.
	"But Aeka, ith goooood," she whined around a mouthful.
	"We don't know what he may have done to it," she scolded.
	They heard a loud thump and a crack from the next room.  Katsuhito, whom 
had taken a seat at
the foot of the table, leaned and craned his neck. Their guest was gritting 
his teeth, his eyes clenched shut,
and his fist buried in the tabletop, past the surface.
	"I don't think he appreciates us criticizing his cooking," Tenchi's 
grandfather said as he took a
lump of rice, dipped it in the soup, and ate it.
	"Mmmmmmnnnn, try some Tenchi," he commanded.
	"Uuuuhhh, Grandpa, I-I don't think..." Tenchi stopped as his elder glared 
at him.
	The rustling of cloth and the clinking of metal sounded from the other 
room, as well as heavy
footsteps, then a slamming door.
	No other sound was heard.
	"Hmmmm, I seem to remember an old tale from the archives of Jurian 
history," Katsuhito said
thoughtfully, tapping his utensils on his chin "I was young and being 
tutored.  I had to write an essay on a
particular event.  As I did my research, I stumbled upon a file bearing a 
strange name."
	The group was all ears... except Mihoshi, who was busy devouring the 
delicious meal.
	"It was titled, 'The Deed of Quicksilver,'" he let this hang over their 
heads for a moment.
	When no one spoke he continued.
	"I chose to write my essay on this subject," he cleared his throat.
	"During the Times of the Ancients,  a rouge Jurain Knight came forward to 
oppose the King.  He
was a ruthless and ambitious man whom believed that he alone should rule the 
kingdom of Jurai.  His
name was Sekiyube, and the order of the Dark Jurain Knights was his progeny. 
  You see, the King of Jurai
had near absolute control over the power of the Jurain space trees.  The 
Dark Knights needed something
to fight this with, and they developed the Dark Arts of Jurai.  With this 
newfound ability they were able to
cloak themselves in shadow and hide from the King’s watchful eye.
	“In these shadows they practiced their arts, and eventually came to be of 
great power.  They had
found ways to corrupt a space tree so as to fuel their dark ambitions.
	“Then one day, Sekiyube came before the King and demanded that he 
relinquish the whole of
Jurai to the Dark Knights.  Of course, when the King refused, the Emperor of 
Darkness laid siege to the
Capital city of Jurai.  With the power of the corrupted space trees backing 
them, they conquered Jurai
within a matter of days.  The King died by Sekiybe’s own hand and all his 
blood relations were destroyed.
	“In those dark years the emperor ruled all of Jurai with an iron fist, and 
from his great ship the
Gatsumoto, he watched over his empire.  Little escaped his notice, 
particularly any sort of resistance,
which was quickly wiped away.
	“Then, a group that called themselves Mei-Hikaru, began to make many 
precise strikes to power
points of the Empire.  They used a sophisticated version of guerrilla 
warfare that could create absolute
havoc with any Dark Trees within the area.  Sekiyube, however, was able to 
quickly seek them out and
had begun to slowly decimate their ranks.  The resistance was nearly 
obliterated, that is, until the day HE
came."
	Everyone leaned in, even Mihoshi, intent on getting an accurate account of 
the story.
	"He possessed a speed and strength unknown to any of that day.  He was able 
to form strikes and
battleplans that would decimate the Dark Jurian Knights' forces in open 
battle, with himself at the head of
the charge.  His brilliance and extraordinary abilities turned the tide of 
the war, and it was him alone that
ended it.  He was able to infiltrate the Gatsumoto, and face Sekiyube.  The 
Emperor of the Knights, whom
Kagato shaped himself after, was confident that he could defeat the menace 
of silver, that swept through
his ranks like a wildfire, in honorable personal combat.  It was speculated 
that the battle was anything
BUT honorable, but Quicksilver came through, apparently, for the ship was 
destroyed, along with the last
remnants of the Dark Jurian Knights and their trees.
	“And Quicksilver.
	"It was rumored that the savior of Jurai was spotted throughout the galaxy, 
saving other
civilizations.  The restored royalty sought him for many years, and each 
trail that was laid before them
ended with the declaration of his apparent death.  They wished to thank him 
for his selfless service of
their people, but each time they heard of him he was gone when they arrived 
at the planet.  Then he
disappeared for millennia, and was forgotten in all but carefully kept 
record.”
	"That's the end of the story," Katsuhito sighed.  Everyone, tense from the 
account, relaxed.
	"I believe I received an F on it though," he grunted.
	The group, still leaning forward, face-faulted in their meal.
	"Yes, I was supposed to do the essay on something factual," he said 
gruffly.
	"Say," Washu cut in, "I have detailed files on all beings of power in my 
computer, but I don't
believe I have a file on this Quicksilver character, hmmmmmm.  I think an 
examination is in order."
	Tenchi flinched again, eyeing her warily as he wiped noodles from his face.
	"Well, I don't like 'im!" Ryoko grumped, pulling a piece of carrot out of 
her ear and flinging it
behind her.  Ryo-ohki scurried after it, jumped on it, and glared at Ryoko 
for treating such a precious
thing so badly.  Sasami giggled.
	They finished a safe meal in silence with no further interruptions.

	As the night wore on, Quicksilver sat upon the roof of the Masaki home.  
Staring at the clear
waters of the lake as they lapped at the shore. He still wore the frilled 
carrot apron. His hair fell around
his face in long ebony strands.  His knees drawn to his chest and his arms 
around them.  He was frozen in
time, his eyes glazed over.
	<What is my mission here?> he thought, <What was I sent here to do?>
	His eyes snapped to attention, now focused, searching.
	<What's that noise?>
	His sharp ears twitched as a deep humming churned in the air about him.
	He was on his feet in an instant, gazing into the distance.  A pair of 
bright lights were coming
down the road towards the house.
	A large, squat creature was charging towards the house, its eyes lighting 
the road ahead of it.  It
was emitting a low growl as it approached. It came in past the gates at a 
rapid pace then coming to a
skidding halt near the house.  Its eyes stopped shining as it sat there.  
Its body shone under the moonlight,
almost metallic.  Something was wrong with it, it  had ceased growling and 
then began to slowly shake
and rock side to side.  There was a loud thud come from inside it, as well 
as a few mild curses.  Its mouth,
which was strangely set above its eyes, popped and flew open.  More curses 
as its side then came open and
a rather large, thick man crawled out.
	His arms were loaded with rolls of paper, a briefcase hung from his mouth.  
He waddled to the
front of the beast, his swearing muffled by the handle.  Slowly, he reached 
out, placed his hand atop the
beast's mouth, and slammed it shut.  Then everything dropped from his grasp, 
and a long string of curses
fell from his mouth.  The creature just stared dumbly ahead, not moving at 
all.
	<A courageous fellow,> Quicksilver thought, <to face such a beast in such a 
way.>

	Nobyuki stooped to gather all the rolls of paper and slowly arrange them in 
his arms.  Then
carefully turned and waddled towards the front door of the house.  When he 
reached the halfway mark,
one roll slipped from his grasp.  Nobyuki’s foot shot out and the roll 
landed vertically on his toe.
	“Haha, gotha!” he crowed past his briefcase handle.
	Then he began to twist and bend, trying to keep balance, and fell to the 
ground.  As he landed his
papers rained down around him and the briefcase, which had been thrown into 
the air, came down on his
head.  He leapt to his feet and threw a fit, stomping his feet, throwing his 
fists around in the air.
	“Dammit!  What a horrible day!  First the boss jumps all over me for being 
late because my damn
clock was broken!  Then the secretary keeps bothering me with memos and 
papers, and I don’t get any
work done!  Damn manager breathes down my neck about the status quo and I’m 
stuck working all damn
night!  And now this!!” Nobyuki screams as he gave a roll a mighty kick.  It 
sailed over to the docks, and
began a lazy descent to the waters.
	“Well, shit and shit again,” he grumbled as he went limp staring at the 
ground, “now I’m gonna
have to redraw the whole damn bank all over again!”
	He then felt a rush of wind and looked up.  A stranger stood in front of 
him, wearing a dark
cloak.  He was backlit by the moon, and so was an ominous sight.
	Nobyuki screamed as he fell over backward, his fall cushioned by his 
briefcase.  The dark figure
bent down and reached for him.  Nobyuki screamed again and curled up into a 
ball, covering his face with
his arms.
	“Just my luck, how could this get any worse?” he whimpered.
	He felt someone tap him on his shoulder.  He peeked out from under his 
elbow and found the roll
he had kicked lying next to him.  He jerked upright, and, seeing the dark 
figure once more, and turned
white as a sheet.
	“Do you need some help with these?” it said as it bent and began gathering 
up rolls.
	Nobyuki, not knowing what to say, slowly sat up and assisted the apparition 
in gathering the
papers.  After a bit the two strode into the house, a bundle of paper tubes 
under their arms.  The one in the
cloak stepped up and opened the door to Nobyuki, he bowed his head in thanks 
and stepped through.  The
others were finishing up their meal.
	“So I guess I missed dinner again, huh?” Nobyuki groaned.
	“Another bad day at the office Dad?” Tenchi inquired.
	“Eh, the boss rode my ass all day long and the secretary wouldn’t leave me 
the hell alone with all
the memos and such. So I get to spend the rest of my evening up in my study 
drawing up the rest of these
blueprints.”
	He gestured to the rolls of paper he and his assistant were carrying.
	“By the way, who’s our new guest?  He nearly caused me to wet myself out in 
the driveway,” he
nodded in the stranger’s direction.  But he was no longer there, in his 
stead was a pile of blueprints.
	“That would be Quicksilver,” Katsuhito said flatly, “He gave us a few 
surprises as well.”
	“Oh really?  Well I’d love to hear all about it but I’ve got to get to work 
on these, so, Sasami?”
Nobyuki looked over at the little blue-haired girl,  “Would you be a dear 
and bring me up some of that
delicious smelling chow when you’re finished?”
	“Okay,” she agreed, giving an exaggerated nod.
	“And Tenchi,” he rolled his head back and forth, “would you be so kind as 
to help me with
these?”
	“Sure,” Tenchi set down his things, stood up, and started shoveling the 
paper rolls into his arms.
	“By the way, Sasami?  Was that fellow wearing your apron?” Nobyuki quizzed.
	Sasami merely nodded.
	“Thought so,” he said, wrinkling his nose.
	Then father and son stomped up the stairs.
	The night drew on and Quicksilver was nowhere to be found.  The rest of the 
evening went on
quietly.  Even Aeka and Ryoko stopped their rivalry.  And so everyone went 
sluggishly to bed.

	And so ends Day One.  But don’t touch that dial.  Day Two is coming with a 
few more surprises
and a lot more action.  Please send praises and curses to 
animeayers@hotmail.com.  I’d love to hear from
ya’!

