Shin Ranma Muyo!: Chapter One                                    
        by Achariyth


Tenchi Muyo! characters, places, and items belong to A.I.C. and 
Pioneer.  Ranma 1/2 characters, locations, and items are the 
property of Rumiko Takahashi.  These characters are not my own.  
If I ever claimed otherwise, I would be splashed with Spring of 
Drowned Pig Water to become the main course at the Tendo family 
luau.


Chapter One: The End


Opening Theme: "Truce" by Jars of Clay


        "Ai ya!  Great-grandmother, mail come!"  Shampoo sang out
happily as she entered the Nekohanten clutching a large stack of 
letters.
        "Bring it here, child," Cologne instructed from the 
kitchen.  Cologne was hoping that the newest herb and spice 
catalog would arrive soon.
        Shampoo walked into the kitchen and gave Cologne the 
mail.  "Perhaps Shampoo get love letter from Ranma, no?"
        Cologne flipped through the stack of mail, pausing to 
take a second glance at a particular letter.  "Interesting," she 
thought out loud.
        "Shampoo get letter from Ranma!  Shampoo so happy!"
        "Sorry, Shampoo.  This is from an old friend of mine, 
Katsuhito Masaki."
        Shampoo pouted, clearly disappointed.  "Great-
grandmother, who Katsuhito Masaki?"
        "I met him around fifty years ago here in Japan when our 
tribe searched for Happosai to regain our stolen treasures.  He 
was one of the greatest swordsmen I had ever seen.  That idiot 
Kuno wouldn't last a minute against him.  If your grandmother was
not married at the time, she would have challenged him in order 
for him to be married into the tribe.  He helped us chase down 
Happosai, and we have kept in touch over the years.  I wonder 
what this is about,"  Cologne opened the envelope and started to 
read the enclosed letter.
        "Cologne, I am coming to Nerima with my grandson Tenchi 
on a training journey.  I would appreciate if you could help 
instruct my grandson.  Hmm, he says that he and his grandson 
should arrive tomorrow.  Says his family doesn't know about this 
trip.  Oh my!  This should be interesting."
        "Great-grandmother, how old is grandson?"
        "I think he should be around 16-"  Cologne stopped as a 
single  devious thought gripped both her and Shampoo.  "He's 
perfect for Akane!"
        "When angry pervert girl Akane date grandson-"
        "Son-in-law would be free to date Shampoo!"
        If Cologne had finished reading the letter, she would 
have quickly realized why her plan was destined for failure.
        Meanwhile, while he scrubbed the floor, Mousse was 
grumbling about what he had overheard.  It seemed as if the fates
conspired against him, especially when Shampoo was concerned.  
First, he had proposed to her when he was three.  With thirteen 
more years of wisdom, Mousse could see that was a bit hasty.  
Then, Ranma Saotome had, through a long and complicated process, 
became Shampoo's fiancee.  Mouse tried to defeat Ranma, but to no
avail.  He had then returned to China, where, in the process of 
training, Mousse had fallen into the Spring of Drowned Duck.  Now
the fates were bringing a new man to Nerima, and the old troll 
was going to use him like a pawn so that Shampoo could marry 
Ranma.  It just was not fair.  Mousse immediately resolved to 
foil Cologne's plans.
        "Mousse!"
        "Yes, you shriveled piece of mackerel jerky?"
        WHAP!  "What was that?"  Cologne asked menacingly.
        "Nothing," Mousse croaked.  The staff imbedded in his 
cranium was slowly removed.
        "That's better.  We'll need to use your room for 
Katsuhito and his grandson when he arrives tomorrow.  Make your 
room ready for two people after you've done all your other 
chores."
        Mousse sighed.  At this rate, he would not be able to 
sleep until after midnight.  Oh well, sleep is overrated.  Then a
thought made it through his pummeled brain.  "You said that we'd 
be having two visitors?"
        "What, did you think we'd let our guests sleep on the 
floor when you can sleep on it instead?"  Cologne pronounced.
        Poor Mousse.  Or shall we say, poor Tenchi.  This will 
not endear him any to his new roommate any.


                        *       *       *


        "We're going to do what?" Tenchi, surprised, questioned 
his grandfather.  The two of them were sitting in Yosho's room in
the Masaki shrine.  Yosho had just finished his tea.
        "Hush, boy.  We are going on a training journey to see an
old friend of mine.  She'll mentor you in some of the martial 
arts unique to Earth," Yosho said gravely.
        "But why all of a sudden?"
        "Silly boy, do you want Ryoko and Ayeka to find us while 
we're gone?"
        Tenchi thought long and hard.  The girls were his 
friends, but he needed some space to breathe at times, 
figuratively and literally.  "Not really."
        "Then don't speak so loudly!"
        "When are we going and where?"  Tenchi had lowered his 
voice to a whisper.
        "We will leave tomorrow to go to Nerima."
        "Nerima?!  But I thought training journeys were supposed 
to happen in the countryside," Tenchi mused out loud, not paying 
attention to his grandfather's actions.
        During this entire conversation, Yosho's right hand, 
hidden from Tenchi's sight, had been creeping ever so closer to a
bokken hidden under his mat.  He grasped and swung at Tenchi, who
was presently distracted.  Tenchi saw a flash out of the corner 
of his eye, and jumped out of the way of Yosho's bokken.  Yosho 
pressed his advantage with slashes, stabs, and other attacks, 
actively directing Tenchi towards his practice bokken.  After 
all, the beating, er, lesson, could not truly begin until Tenchi 
could attempt to adequately defend himself.
        Tenchi stumbled and tripped over a bokken on the floor of
Yosho's room.  As Tenchi fell, Yosho grimaced.  He was going easy
on his grandson today.  Tenchi's coordination just needed work at
times.  Sure, he was not as clumsy as Mihoshi, but he still 
needed help.  Yosho smirked.  Cologne should work wonders with 
that.  Oh well, time for Tenchi to become uncomfortable on the 
ground.  Yosho attacked.
        Over the years of sword practice spent with his 
grandfather, Tenchi began to pick up on certain mannerisms.  For 
example, if his grandfather smirked, Tenchi knew he had some 
trick up his sleeve.  After picking up the bokken he tripped on, 
Tenchi rolled out of the way of Yosho's sword strokes.  Rolling 
to his feet out in the courtyard, Tenchi assumed a defensive 
stance like he always did.  Yosho noted that, adjusting his 
attacks accordingly.
        "No, boy!  Be more aggressive," Yosho admonished as he 
scored a forceful hit on Tenchi. 
        Gritting his teeth, Tenchi began attacking as well as 
defending himself.  The battleground echoed with the sounds of 
bokkens striking each other.  SNAP!  Tenchi stood in a defensive 
position with half a bokken while Yosho smiled mischievously.
        "Don't tell me you've given up that easily?" Yosho 
taunted, pausing briefly in his attacks.
        Tenchi swallowed, then held the shattered remnant of his 
bokken in a Juraian defense position.  It would allow him to 
defend himself, but to attack with the sword would be trick at 
best.
        "Good, good. Your technique still needs work, but you are
improving, although slower than you should be.  Now, attack me!"  
Yosho ordered.
        Tenchi's mind raced.  How could he attack his grandfather
without getting plastered by that bokken?  Oh well, at least the 
training session would be over soon.  He attacked with the bokken
fragment.  Yosho lazily blocked, then send Tenchi flying with a 
flick of his wrist.
        "You are relying too much on the sword, Tenchi, and not 
on your other avenues of attack.  This is why we will going away 
on the training journey.  An old friend of mine will help train
you in unarmed combat," Yosho intoned as his grandson slowly, 
tentatively, stood up.
        Tenchi winced, partially due to the new bruises on his 
body, and partially because any old friend of his grandfather's 
would most likely have similar views in training.  He did not 
relish the thought of spending his summer vacation as a walking 
bruise.
        "Go home and pack.  We shall leave early in the morning."
        "Yes, Grandpa."


                        *       *       *


        Nabiki sighed as she heard the news.  Kasumi would be 
visiting Aunt Saotome for at least two weeks.  The middle Tendo 
sister was glad that Kasumi was visiting Mrs. Saotome.  Ever 
since Ranma and Genma left on their training mission, Nodoka had 
been so lonely.  However, Kasumi's absence brought up an 
important question:  who would cook for the Tendoes?  Nabiki 
would rather order take-out than cook herself, most of the males 
did not know their way around the kitchen, except for Ranma, who 
would need some coercion, er, incentive to cook, and Akane's 
cooking could be classified as a biological weapon.  Plus, 
take-out gets expensive after a while.  There was no way that the
family budget could afford more than three days of ordering out, 
and Ranma's fiancees would help feed him, leaving the rest of the
family to starve.  Well, Ranma would have to cook soon.  Nabiki 
just had to find the right angle to convince Ranma to help out.  
Knowing her sister's fiancee, just the threat of Akane in the 
kitchen would be enough coercion for Ranma.  Nabiki had two days 
before Kasumi left to prepare to feed the family in the interim.
        "Ranma, you idiot!  How dare you pick on poor little 
P-chan like that?" Akane's voice shattered the silence of the 
Tendo home.  Nabiki silently timed how long it took for either 
Ranma to join the moon in orbit or for Akane to smash Ranma with 
whatever was handy.
        "You know, Akane, you are so uncute when you're angry.  
Anyways, its not _my_ fault the little porker attacked me," Ranma
answered back as he ran downstairs into the living room where 
Nabiki was trying to watch TV.
        "I'll show you who's uncute, you pervert!" Akane yelled 
as she joined Ranma in the living room.  She carried a scowling 
P-chan in one arm, and swung her mallet with the other.  
        "Oh, I'm so scared," Ranma taunted before he stuck his 
tongue out at his reluctant fiancee.
        Nabiki silently mouthed "three, two, one."  As she 
finished saying "one," Akane golf-swung Ranma into the pond in the
backyard.  Ranma-chan surfaced, yelling "What did you do that 
for?" at her fiancee.
        Kasumi called out from the kitchen, "Are Ranma and Akane 
fighting again?"
        Nabiki strangled the urge to comment on her sister's 
obvious question.  She settled for a quick "Yes" instead.
        "Oh my!  Then I'll heat up some water."
        Nabiki sighed yet again.  Life in Nerima, although never 
normal, was starting to become routine.  It seemed as if life had 
settled into some sort of order.  Ranma and Akane always insulted
each other.  Kuno always looked for his two lady loves.  Shampoo 
and Ukyo always fought or schemed to get alone with Ranma.  Akane 
always took out her frustrations on him afterwards.  Ranma-chan 
and Akane pictures still sold, but the demand was starting to 
dwindle.  And Kasumi worked in the kitchen, seemingly oblivious to
everything that was going on around her.  It almost was to the 
point that Nabiki could figure out her day in advance, based on 
the previous days.  She silently hoped that something happened, 
even if it meant that Akane was kidnapped again, for a change.  
She was getting bored, not to mention the new opportunities for 
profit such a change could bring.


                        *       *       *


        Four hours after Ranma and Akane's morning fight, P-chan, 
alias Ryouga Hibiki, was wandering around, lost as usual.  
However, this time, he found himself in the middle of a carrot 
patch.  Ryouga, the Eternal Lost Pig, er, Boy, began to sink into 
depression once he realized that he could not place the 
surrounding terrain.  Considering how often he wandered lost 
around Japan, is it any wonder that his Shi Shi Hokudan was so 
powerful?
        "Oh, Akane.  Why do the fates curse me so?  All I wish is 
to return to you and tell you how I feel without that cursed Ranma
getting in my way," he thought wistfully as he wandered through 
the carrot fields.
        "Miya!"  a cute voice greeted him from behind.
        Ryouga jumped, for the voice surprised him.  Once he 
landed, he crouched in the Pig-fu defensive position, ready to 
pounce on whatever might attack him.  Then he got a good look at 
what had startled him.  "It" was about his size, and looked like a
cat with a rabbit's hind legs and tail.  Its face had huge gold 
eyes, a red gem in its forehead, a cat's face, and rabbit ears.  
Ryouga had to admit that the creature was cute.
        "Maybe I should get Akane one while I'm on this journey," 
he thought, before realizing that this was the only creature of 
its type he had seen.  It miya-ed some more, before a teenage boy 
came to see what the fuss was about.  He appeared about the same 
age as Ranma and Ryouga, with dark hair pulled back into a tail 
and dark eyes.  He also appeared more open and visibly intelligent
and less guarded than many of the guys in Nerima.
        "What's the matter, Ryo-ohki?
        Ryo-ohki.  So that's this creature's name, Ryouga thought.
        Ryo-ohki miya-ed a bit and pointed in Ryouga's direction.
        "A pig?  That's odd.  Must be someone's pet.  Oh well, we 
better save it before Ryoko and Washu find it."
        Ryouga could not help but shudder.  The boy reached down 
to pick up the little black pig, who, having no desire to become 
Decoy, the Pig Hostage, dashed away.  "I'm not going to hurt you,"
the boy said, as he chased after the pig.
        Ryouga ran, scared of what might happen to him.  He 
collided with something soft.  Looking up, he saw a familiar 
looking child half his normal height.  She had large gold eyes, 
long white hair, and a red gem one her face.  She was also clothed
in a blue dress with a large carrot on it.  Ryouga bwee-ed in 
shock when he realized that the child had more facial ]hair that 
he did.  In fact, the girl's face reminded him somewhat of that 
weird creature he had seen earlier.  That is, a few hours later 
when his mind recovered from outright panic.  The girl picked up a
squirming P-Chan, holding him close.  She miya-ed happily to 
herself.  This was the first time Ryo-ohki had a pet of her own.
        "Great, Ryo-ohki.  You caught it," Tenchi praised the 
humanoid cabbit.  "Now lets go home, and I'll give you a carrot."
        Ryo-ohki miya-ed joyously as she ran towards the Masaki 
home.  Meanwhile, Ryouga cursed his cursed form, bwee-ing 
indignantly.  He was not someone's pet, well,  so he was Akane's 
pet, but no one else's.  He just hoped that he'd find some hot 
water soon and that he'd be able to go back to Nerima soon.  
        Well, one out of two ain't bad.


                        *       *       *


        Ranma had sat down in the living room, gorging his brain 
on the Martial Arts Channel (TM), when he heard some knocking on 
the front door.  Grumbling under his breath, he rose to greet 
whoever was there.  After all, it had been a fairly decent day.  
None of his fiancees had chased after his, he had only fought with
Akane once, Ryouga was gone, and the old letch had not bothered 
him.  This day was going well for Ranma, almost too well.  Thus he
knew that trouble was knocking at his door.  He opened the door.
        "Hello-" he was interrupted by a set of chains thrown at 
his body.  Ranma dodged adeptly, then prepared himself for the 
next attack.
        "Saotome, you enemy of women.  You shall not take the 
lovely Shampoo!" Mousse shouted as he charged Ranma.  Ranma 
stopped the charging Mousse with a kick to his face.
        "Ah, man.  What is it this time?" Ranma griped.
        "Kasumi, who is at the door?" Soun called out.
        "It's just one of Ranma's friends," the eldest Tendo 
sister replied.
        "Listen, Mousse, I don't know what's got you so riled up,"
As he spoke, Ranma removed his foot from Mousse's face, who slid 
into a heap in the doorway.  "How many times do I have to tell 
you, I'm not after Shampoo!"
        "The old crone has a new student, who she'll try to set 
Akane up with," Mousse groaned as he struggled unsuccessfully to 
remain conscious.
        "So take it up with her, and leave me alone," Ranma 
yelled, as he punted the duck boy back to the Nekohanten.  "Why 
does he attack me for everything the old troll tries to do.  It's 
not as if I want to be engaged to Shampoo."  Cologne has a new 
student.  Oh no, he's after Akane.  Mousse's last statement 
finally registered in Ranma's mind.  A battle raged in Ranma's 
mind.  He could not lose Akane to this new threat, but at the same
time, he could not allow himself to think about his true feelings 
for Akane.
        "The old troll's new student won't get Akane," Ranma swore
under his breath.  A detached part of his mind wondered if this 
student would be trying to kill him.  Only the new day would tell.


                        *       *       *


        "Free at last," Ryouga Hibiki would have said if he still 
had the ability to speak.  Being a pig definitely had its 
disadvantages, many of which Ryouga was intimately familiar with.  
One new variation of his usual piggy woes Ryouga would have 
experienced if not for the intervention of a little girl named 
Sasami fell under the title of "research subject."  Apparently 
another girl, little older than Sasami in appearance, had wanted 
poor Ryouga as a "guinea pig" for one of her experiments.  
Something about the gleam in her eyes frightened Ryouga.  A merry 
chase ensued as Ryouga ran for his life.  For once Ryouga was 
grateful for all the times that Ranma had chased P-Chan after 
learning where P-Chan had slept the night before.  The red haired 
girl was proving tough to escape from.  Only by cowering behind 
Sasami did Ryouga manage to avoid testing Washu's latest 
invention.
        "How can any house be any stranger as the Tendo Dojo?" the
Eternally Lost Boy asked himself.  Since his arrival at the Masaki
house, Ryouga had witnessed some very unusual things.  First, and 
most obvious to Ryouga, was that Tenchi, the teenage boy from the 
fields, was living alone with 6 women (7 if you count Ryo-ohki).  
Never in Ryouga's Akane-obsessed brain had he ever imagined that 
there would be someone else in Japan who hoarded women like Ranma 
Saotome.  Second, the women there definitely had unique tastes in 
hair.  Ryouga wondered why Sasami dyed her hair light blue at such
a young age.  Out of the other women, only Mihoshi looked like she
had not had a dye job from Hades' personal hair stylist.  Third, 
Tenchi's would be girlfriends fought over him.  Ryouga was used to
this.  After all, Akane, Kodachi, Shampoo, and Ukyo got along well
together, only if you used crazed and famished sharks in the 
middle of a particularly nasty feeding frenzy as your basis of 
comparison.  However, all four of them did not live in the same 
house like Ayeka and Ryoko did. Ranma's fiancees also were not as 
snide, as jealous, as ready to fight, or as powerful as Ayeka and 
Ryoko.  They sure did not use the chi attacks that Tenchi's 
suitors used, nor did they cause the same amount of property 
damage.  Finally, Ryo-ohki, Ryoko (who, in Ryouga's opinion, 
definitely lived up to her name), Mihoshi, and Washu, just by 
being who they were, upped the weirdness factor at the Masaki 
house considerably. Only Kiyone, Tenchi, and Sasami even resembled
normal.  All Ryouga wanted to do now was find some hot water and 
escape this madhouse.  Good luck, P-Chan, you'll need it.
        Finally, after ditching the natives, Ryouga started his 
search for hot water.  He avoided the bathrooms, lest he catch one
of the women in a nosebleed-inducing state.  The kitchen was out 
as well.  Ryouga had overheard Tenchi telling Sasami about a 
nearby shrine, so the Lost Pig decided to take his chances there. 
As Ryouga wandered aimlessly around the Masaki grounds, his little
piggy heart wished with all its might that he would not run into 
Ryoko.  He never did find the shrine, but he saw the family's 
private outdoor hot water bath.  Knowing instinctively that there 
had to be hot water there, Ryouga entered the area, and followed 
the warmth to the water.  The little black pig jumped into the 
water, changing into Ryouga's human form.
        "Ahh.  I thought I'd never find any hot water," Ryouga 
sighed as he relaxed in the soothing warm water.  Then he 
remembered that there might be women around.  Lest one of them 
walked in, he pulled his clothes out of Hammerspace, dried off and
dressed.  As he finished tying his pant legs, he smiled. "At least
no one saw me in here."
        Unknown to Ryouga, a very angry and naked Ryoko was doing 
her best demon girl impression behind him.  Her hands glowed with 
orange energy.  Hot water seems to be quite costly for Ryouga 
lately.  


                        *       *       *


        Sasami sliced a vegetable in preparation for dinner.  A 
brillant flash of light, then another, lit up the family's 
miniature hot springs.  Startled, Sasami stared out the window.  
        "Tenchi!"  she called out.  "Come here quickly."
        Tenchi came running.  "What is it, Sasami?"
        "I think Ayeka and Ryoko are fighting again."
        "Don't those two ever stop?"
        "Sasami, did you call me?" a woman's voice called out from
behind Sasami and Tenchi.
        "No, Ayeka, I called Ten-"  Sasami gasped.
        "What!?!" Tenchi shouted in surprised.  He really did not 
expect to see Ayeka in the house instead of fighting with Ryoko, 
as usual.
        "What's going on?"  Ayeka asked, confused by her younger 
sister's reaction.
        "If you are here, Miss Ayeka, than who is Ryoko fighting 
with?"  Tenchi paused to think.  "Oh no!"  Shades of the Kagato 
incident ran through Tenchi's mind while he ran towards the 
springs.  Ayeka followed Tenchi, struggling to keep up.  "Ryoko! 
What's happening?" Tenchi called out with concern.
        "Miss Ryoko, are you okay?"  Ayeka said.  "And if you can,
put some clothes on."
        "What, and spoil my fun with Tenchi?  Princess, you ruin 
all my fun!"  Ryoko shouted from inside the springs.
        "She's okay,"  Tenchi and Ayeka said in unison.  Ayeka 
entered the springs first, just to make sure that Ryoko was fully 
clothed.  Inside the springs, she saw the splintered remains of 
the hot water baths, scorch marks all over, and the last of the 
water seeped out of the many cracks and holes in the floor.  Ryoko
stood in the middle of the debris, putting on a robe so that 
Tenchi would not pass out when he joined them inside.  After all, 
Tenchi was much more fun when he was fully awake.
        "What happened, Miss Ryoko?"  Ayeka asked, almost with a 
note of concern.
        Ryoko's face darkened at the thought of what had happened.
"Some pervert came into the bath.  I don't want any other man to 
see my body besides Tenchi."
        "Are you sure it wasn't Dad?" Tenchi asked as he entered 
the building.
        "What's going on here?" Washu asked as she joined the 
group inside the middle of the debris pile that was the hot 
springs.
        "No it wasn't Nobuyuki, but some teenager wearing an 
outfit similar to Tenchi's work clothes.  He also wore a yellow 
and black bandana around his head that he used as a weapon," Ryoko
replied.
        "How do we know that this isn't due to one of your 
distructive rampages, Ryoko?"  Ayeka asked snidely.  Visions of 
Ryoko using this story to get comfort from Tenchi danced in the 
princess' head.
        Tenchi grew concerned.  He did not like the direction that
the conversation was heading.
        "Ayeka, you can't seriously believe I'd do all this!" 
Ryoko shouted, hurt by the accusation.  Ignored by the other 
girls, Washu started rummaging through the debris pile.
        "Cool it, Ayeka," Washu admonished, as she pulled from the
wreckage a bandana that matched Ryoko's description.  "This helps 
proove Ryoko's story."
        "But how do we know that she didn't plant it?"  Ayeka 
acused.
        Washu held her temper in check.  Ryoko, on the other hand,
prepared to incinerate Ayeka.  "Ayeka," Ryoko growled menacingly.
        "Ayeka, look at the scorch marks here and here," Washu 
replied, pointing at two differently shaped marks on the floor.  
"These are from two separate energy blasts.  This one over here 
fits with the energy discharges Ryoko uses.  This one over here is
more reminiscent of a ki blast, something I did not design into 
Ryoko."
        "Miss Ayeka, why don't you check up on Sasami.  That 
pervert could still be around," Tenchi suggested in an attempt to 
defuse a potentially dangerous situation.
        Ayeka nodded and left.  "That reminds me, Ryoko, did you 
see where this pervert went?"  Washu asked her daughter.
        "He ran away during the fight.  I didn't see where.  But 
if I see him again..."  Ryoko's voice trailed off in an unspoken 
threat.
        Tenchi once again reminded himself to never, ever, cross 
Ryoko.
        The hot springs shook onimously.  "What?" everyone inside 
gasped in surprise.
        Sasami looked out the kitchen window in enough time to see
the hot springs collapse in sprays of dust, debris, and water.


                        *       *       *


        Ryouga had just finished dressing when he heard an angry 
voice shout "What the hell are you doing here!"  He quickly turned
around in an attempt to see the owner of the voice.  However, all 
he saw was a considerable amount of flesh.  In response, Ryouga 
did the only thing his mind allowed him to do; he fainted and fell 
into the hot water, bleeding furiously from his nose.
        The shock of the warm water snapped Ryouga awake.  He swam 
to the surface, only to see an angry Ryoko fire two of her energy 
blasts at him.  Ryouga gulped nervously, then dove out of harm's 
way.  He surfaced again, and again dove to avoid the barrage of 
energy Ryoko sent his way.  Three more times did the pair repeat 
their deadly dance, and each time Ryouga grew more frustrated and 
depressed.  After the third time, he gathered some of his 
depression-chi around his hands.
        "I've had enough of this!  Time for a taste of your own 
medicine.  Shi Shi Hokudan!" Ryouga shouted as the green chi blast
left his hands.  
        Ryoko blinked in surprise.  She did not expect this 
pervert to fire energy blasts.  Teleporting away, she reappeared 
over the water, ready for a fight. 
        Under most circumstances, considering Ryoko's present 
apparel (or lack thereof), Ryouga would have lost enough blood to 
send him into blissful unconsciousness.  But now that his life was
endangered, Ryouga's survival instincts overrode his squeamishness 
around women.  Ryoko's teleportation also startled him out of 
blood loss as well.
        "You're a demon," Ryouga gasped as he scrambled onto the 
deck.  
        "Close, I'm Ryoko," she replied.  "And you're dead meat!"
Ryoko threw another energy blast and Ryouga, who nimbly jumped 
out of the way.
        "Well, Ryoko, taste the wrath of Ryouga Hibiki!  Shi Shi 
Hokudan!"  As before, Ryoko just teleported away.
        "Is that the best you can do?"  Ryoko laughed.  "Here, I 
can do better!"  She shouted as she threw another blast.
        Ryouga jumped out of the way of Ryoko's blast.  Upon 
landing, he threw half a dozen of bandannas towards the demon 
girl.  Ryoko lazily dodged the cloth weapons, then she flew 
towards her adversary as quickly as possible, summoning her energy
sword.
        "Time to die, pervert!" she said as she flew towards him.
        "Bakusai Tenketsu!"  Ryoko was hit by a myriad of floor 
fragments.  If Washu had designed Ryoko to bleed, Ryoko would have 
bled from many cuts inflicted by Ryouga's Breaking Point 
technique.  As it was, Ryoko was damaged slightly.  She called 
upon the power of the sole power gem she possessed to repair the 
damage in mere seconds.  
        "You'll pay for that!"  Ryoko screamed as she tossed her 
head.  Ten light darts (as seen in OAV #11) hidden in her hair 
flew out towards the Lost Boy. Ryouga dodged, then leapt towards 
Ryoko, slashing with his umbrella.  Ryoko teleported whenever 
Ryouga's umbrella got too close.  After about twenty seconds of 
umbrella tag, she teleported behind him, and slashed at Ryouga's 
back.  Fortunately for Ryouga, he spun around in enough time to 
avoid being spilt into twins.  However, the energy sword sliced 
deep into his arm.  Blood soaked what was left of Ryouga's shirt 
sleeve at an alarming rate.  Ryouga grew even more depressed, 
thinking he would not survive to see Akane again, and, with his 
good arm, landed two heavy blows on Ryoko before he aimed an 
exceptionally strong Shi Shi Hokudan at her.  Ryoko managed to 
dodge the chi blast, and fired off a few energy blasts of her own.
The blasts weakened the floor around Ryouga to the point of not 
being able to support his weight.  He fell, landing into the cold 
water below.  
        Ryoko flew towards the hole, hoping to find where the 
pervert Ryouga was hiding.  Seeing nothing out of the ordinary, 
she shrugged, and looked at the mess around her.  It was at this 
point that Ayeka and Tenchi first called out to Ryoko.
        Ryouga emerged from the water as P-chan.  Fuming, he swam 
slowly towards the shore, attempting not to aggravate his wounds 
in the process.  Mentally he swore revenge against Ryoko.  Upon 
reaching the water's edge, he collapsed, exhausted from blood 
loss, battle and his swim.
        Ayeka, on her way to meet Sasami, found the tired pig.  
"Oh, my!  The poor thing's hurt," she said as she noticed the 
little black pig's wounds.  Picking up the piglet carefully, Ayeka
walked towards the house.  "Maybe Sasami can fix you up."       
                        *       *       *


        "Wake up, Tenchi," a familiar voice quietly but firmly 
commanded.
        Tenchi mumbled something incoherently as he turned in his 
bed.  Yosho sighed.  Tenchi knew that he would be leaving today.  
Knowing how Tenchi's suitors were, Yosho had thought that Tenchi 
would be more than willing to leave early.  It was one of many 
things Cologne would probably break him of.
        "I'll just get Washu to wake you up instead," Yosho said 
off-handedly.  Tenchi awoke, bolting upright.  Yosho could see 
sweat drops form around his grandson's head.  "Hmm, I'll have to 
remember that one for later," Yosho thought to himself.
        "Grandpa, don't scare me like that!" Tenchi reprimanded.
        Yosho smiled brightly.  "I had to wake you up somehow.  
This seemed to work well, eh?"
        It took all Tenchi's willpower not to cry tears of 
frustration right then.
        Sighing, he started dressing himself.  "Let's go before 
Ryoko pokes her head in here."
        As much as Tenchi was looking forward to his vacation from
the girls, a part of him was apprehensive about leaving.  Ever 
since Ryoko had decided to join the Masaki family, Tenchi had 
been surrounded by the girls.  The day just did not seem complete 
without the fights and the special moments shared with the girls.
Also, now that he was used to Ryoko's almost constant presence, 
it would take some getting used to privacy again.  On the plus 
side, Tenchi would have his privacy back and a break from the 
incessant fighting.  He wondered idly if there would be a house 
left after Ryoko and Ayeka fought over who's fault it was that 
Tenchi disappeared.
        "Come on, Tenchi," Yosho growled impatiently.
        "Yes, Grandpa."
        Tenchi and his grandfather tiptoed quietly down the hall.
Stopping in front of the girls' room, Tenchi could not bear to 
leave them.  All six had become his family, and he could not bear 
to think what his disappearance would do to them.  Yosho had to 
drag his grandson past the girls' room, lest everyone knew where 
they were going.  Still, Yosho himself could not help but apologize
to Ayeka mentally as he passed the room.  Slowly, the Prince of 
Jurai and his grandson crept out of the house and into the family 
van, where Nobuyuki was waiting to drive them to Nerima.  As the 
van left the Masaki residence, Tenchi stared back at his house, 
regretting that he had to leave them.
        


End of Chapter one: The Beginning


Next time on Tenchi 1/2-
(Tenchi enters the Nekohanten)
        Akane - In the next episode, a new boy moves to the 
Nerima district to train under Cologne.
        Ranma - Now what's the old troll up to?
(Mousse angrily confronts Tenchi until Shampoo kicks him out of
the door)       
        Tenchi - I wonder who I'll meet when I get to Nerima.
(Tenchi struggles to keep up with Shampoo on her bicycle)
        Katsuhito - Tenchi starts his training and works in 
Colonge's restaurant.
(Tenchi and Akane talk to each other in the park)
        Kuno - O cursed fate, that thou should bring another 
obstacle between me and the lovely Akane Tendo.  This new 
suitor shall face the mighty wrath of Tatewaki Kuno.
(P-chan bites Ryoko's hand.  Ryoko tries to make pig flambe 
while Sasami tries to save P-chan)
        Ryouga - Ryoko, I will have my revenge for what you've 
done to me.
        Akane - All this and more in the second chapter of Shin
Ranma Muyo- Out of the Frying Pan into the Fire!  See you there!


Closing theme - "Tea and Sympathy" by Jars of Clay


Author's Notes-
        It had to happen eventually.  I'd have to write a Ranma 
Fanfic sometime or other.  However, being that I said there are
too many Ranma fics out there, this obviously isn't a true 
Ranma fic.  I don't think I'll write a true Ranma fic for a 
good long time.  All the good ideas seem to be taken.  This is 
part of the reason I like to write Tenchi.  No one or very few 
people can "steal" my ideas while I'm writing another fic.  Ah,
the joys of writing in a universe that is not as popular as 
Ranma or Sailor Moon.  Npt that I don't enjoy reading those 
fics though.
        Anyways, I couldn't help but write this one.  This 
Tenchi fic is OAV continuality, as are all of my stories, but I
don't have any master plan behind this one besides putting the 
Tenchi and Ranma casts together and letting chaos ensue.  I 
will make these promises though.  None of Ranma's fiancee's 
will actively pursue Tenchi, and Ayeka and Ryoko won't ever 
pursue Ranma, although there will be matchmaker games played.  
Second, the old letch is in for it.  Third, Sasami will never 
be hurt in the chaos.  These promises will never be violated.
        This one tended to write itself, except around the 
fight scenes.  Oh well, the struggles of developing as an 
author are never pleasant.  I wrote this during a break in 
writing my Earth & Sky series, of which only the prologue has 
made it to the RAAC.  So far, one chapter of four in the next 
story, "Heavens," has been finished.  However, since I won't be
posting it on the RAAC until all four chapters are complete, I 
won't say much except look for the completed version to be 
posted around the beginning of December.
        Speaking about Earth & Sky, it has been brought to my 
attention that I mention the wrong fan fic in the notes of 
_Sister's Tears_.  It was not _Heaven and Earth_ that 
influenced me, but _Love's Labour Lost_.  That still doesn't 
mean that you shouldn't check out _Heaven and Earth_, though. 
^_^
        Finally, you can find my previous works:
        An Outland-ish Proposal
        Earth & Sky: Sister's Tears
at the RAAC ftp site at


        ftp://ftp.cs.ubc.ca/pub/archive/anime-fan-works/ 


or on my friend GenSao's webpage at  


        http://www.geocities.com/Tokyo/Temple/9467/.  


Make sure you check his site out.  It's one of the of the 
most comprehensive Tenchi fic sites I've seen, plus a sneak 
peak at E&S: Heavens is there too!
        As always, any and all C&C should be sent to 
Achariyth@AOL.com.  Please tell me what you think, even if it
 is only to tell me how much you liked/disliked it.
        Oh, and the Author's notes will be shorter next time.
^_^
