				The Return Of Ozaki

Authors Notes: This is my 2nd fan-fic and it is the part 2 
of my first fan-fic called The 6 Warrior's  of Kagato. SO as 
you know Ozaki comes back to life as well as Tyant and 
Nemesis. In my fan-fic has as a fusion so I had to put the 
name of the company of who started the hole fusion thing 
really I also have characters from   MEDIA VISION, Pinneer, 
Squarsoft, Naoko Takeushi, Capcom, TOEI Animation and U.S 
Manga Crops.

The story starts off as a year has past sense the battle 
with Kagato. As Haruka is sleeping late even that she knows 
that its a school day. But she is waken up by the sound of 
Ryoko pounding on her door trying to get Haruka to wake up 
but the key word right there is trying seeing how the 
charters Ryoko and Haruka were based on two friends that 
know who sleep in over the summer and that it would take a 
bomb dropping just to get them even some what awake well 
back to the story people. Haruka is awake by the sound of 
Ryoko pounding on the door Haruka gets her school uniform on 
and heads to the door and punches Ryoko in gut for waking 
her up

Ryoko gasping for air: Come on we are going to be late 

Haruka: well that gives no right to wake me up!!

Mean while with Isato and Karin. Both of them of them on 
Isatos motorcycle.

Isato: hey we just make it before the chimes ring

Karin: you think Isato

Isato: we just might

Mean while in the Singo High School Lab

Washu: hm maybe if I flip the switch 

Kash walks into the lap

Kash: hey what are you doing here this isn't you first class 

Washu: I know I just need to look at something... 

Washu grabs onto Kashs arms and rest her head on it

Washu: Oh well... come on Kash dear we are going to be late 
for class

Kash:.. right

Mean while in one of the class rooms of the High School 
Nagi, Dominus and Shaia are playing a game of blackjack 

Nagi: ok what do you guys have show I can know what you guys 
have so I can win 40 dollars 

Dominus: 16

Nagi: ha I have 20... well Shaia

Shaia:.. blackjack

Nagi: what!!

Shaia: looks like I win 40 dollars

Later at teacher walks by while they are playing 

Teacher: the 3 of you are again playing cards and you 
gambling is not aloud on school grounds ill see you 3 in 
diction after school

The Teacher walks away and while the teachers back id turned 
Nagi flicks him off. Later that day Ryoko, Haruka, Washu, 
Kash, Washu, Isato, Karin, Dominus, Shaia and Nagi are 
eating lunch together.

Nagi: damn another diction 

Kash: ha I guess you could say that's what you get for  
playing cards on school grounds 

Shaia: but still it was only one card game

Dominus: why are you complaining your the one who won 40 
dollars well that the good side

Shaia gets up and walks 

Isato: hey Shaia where are you going

Shaia: what the hell I'm going to play some hooke what the 
hell who's in

Dominus: what as well go seeing how I have diction

Nagi: hey what for me you 2

Ryoko and Haruka: what for us too
Washu grabs Kashs arm

Washu: lets go Kash

Kash: yeah yeah

Night Falls and inside a building Ozaki is siting at his 
desk as Tyant and Nemesis make there way in the office

Ozaki: Tyant Nemesis you have been brought back to life 
because you 2 of the strongest warriors right now. If you 
are able to defeat the 7 have told you about you will have 
unbelievable powers you have never dreamed about

Tyant: Yes master Ozaki we will not fell you

from a dark part of the office

???: ha that's what you said a year ago and look where it 
got you 2 your to are lucky that she brought you 2 back to 
life but the same thing will happen you 2 of you like it 
dead a year ago

Nemesis: ha you think you can do any batter 

???: yes yes I can but I will follow orders like I am going 
to do but all I have to say is good luck

the unkown person walks out of the office

Tyant: master Ozaki do you think we can really trust him

Ozaki: Never mind him you 2 have a mission to complete 

Tyant and Nemesis: Yes Sir

The next day at lunch in Singo High School

Isato: hey Shaia what's up with you

Shaia: what... oh nothing

Washu: I know why you like someone your always like that 
when you like a cute guy or something

Nagi: hey has anyone seen Dominus his been out of school for 
3 days now

Ryoko: why are you asking us his your brother 

Washu: yeah same with Karin 

Isato: I called Karin she said she would be back in a day or 
2 

Washu: and Dominus no one has seen them sense after the day 
we all played hooke as Shaia called

Shaia:....

Kash: hey Shaia what's up with you

Haruka: I think I know

Isato: what

Haruka: She likes Dominus

Everyone one else: what!!!

Washu: really

Shaia: what hahaha you guys I don't like him

Later that day Dominus is walking down the sidewalk

Dominus: hm I wonder what the others are doing

Isato: yo Dominus 

Dominus: what oh hey Isato 

Isato: hey haven't you been in school 

Dominus: just haven't

Isato: why

Dominus: like just say I have things to take care of

Isato: ok. Hey we are all having a little party at Shaias 

Dominus: yeah who's coming you know

Isato: Me Kash Ryoko Karin is batter so she is coming you 
know just all of us

Dominus: maybe another time. Tell the others I said hi

Isato: ok
Later on at Shaias 

Haruka: so his not coming

Isato: no all said was that to tell you guys to say hi

Washu: Dominus is starting to act weird now

Nagi: Don't worry I'm sure his ok

Shaia: yeah I guess your right

Then later a huge explosion happens

Ryoko: what the hell was that

All of them go outside and see Tyant and Nemesis

Ryoko: what the hell but we killed you 2

Tyant: as you can see we are very much alive 

Nemesis: now we will send you to hell

Isato: ha I'm ready 

Nagi: Hold it only it only needs to take 4 of us just to 
kill him 

Nagi: count me in

Ryoko: so am I

Kash: same here

Isato: I guess I'm in

Nagi forms a energy sword. Ryoko powers up using her 
Lighthawk wings she forms the Lighthawk sword. Kash snaps 
his fingers and becomes Hellstinger. Isato powers up and 
becomes Gowcaizer.

Hellstinger: lets finish this

Tyant: oh believe me your the ones who will be finish

Tyant runs full speed at Gowcaizer and Hellstinger and 
punches them both into the ground

Tyant: hahaha!!
Nemesis: eat this you 2

Nemesis takes out a beam cannon and fires it at Ryoko at 
Nagi but using Ryokos lighthawk wings they form a shield 
around Nagi and Ryoko and the beam form the beam cannon 
reflects off of the wings and at Nemesis making him fly into 
a wall

Tyant: damnit Nemesis cant you do anything right

Hellstinger: I don't know about him but I know you cant 

Tyant: what??

Hellstinger flips up off the ground hitting Tyant in the 
face

Hellstinger: Now Gowcaizer

Gowcaizer: right

Gowcaizer flips up on to his feet and powers up with a huge 
fire surrounding him

Gowcaizer: Ahhhhhhh! Flaming Fist Max Power!!!

Gowcaizer punches Tyant in the face making him fly into a 
wall as well

Nemesis: I think its time to form Tynem 

Tyrant: right

The both power up and do the fusion dance once again forming 
Tynem

Tynem: this time we will defeat you!!

Tynem: let show you our pow

before Tynem could Finish there is a type of ninja blade 
went right into his heart from behind draining his power and 
making him fall to the ground showing a person in black 
ninjas clothes with a black cloth raped around everything on 
his face but the persons eyes

Ninja: Pathetic 

Gowcaizer: just who are you anyway  
Ninja: I am I soldier of Master Ozaki

Hellstinger: did you say Ozaki but we killed him a year ago

Washu: yeah his been dead

Ninja: Master Ozaki is alive you pathetic fools and soon 
once she is at full power you'd wish that you should have 
died ago year in that tower with Kagato

Shaia: what do you mean who is she

Ninja: its all in a matter of time

The Ninja disappear 

Haruka: what was that all about

Hellstinger: I don't know

Later the next day in the dark building 

Ozaki: why did you kill them they could have won

Ninja: he was a waste of energy we all knew who would of 
been defeated 

2 people a male and a female appear named Ryo and Suza Ryos 
younger sister

Ryo: master Ozaki let us try defeating them

Ninja: ha Kagato and 5 other warriors as well as Tyant and 
Nemesis what chance you got at you got a killing them

Suza: shut up you

Ozaki: quite you 2!!

Suza and Ninja: sorry Master Ozaki

Ozaki: yes well now is the time we must all work together to 
destroy them got it

Suza Ryo and Ninja: yes sir

Ozaki: and Dominus

The Ninja takes the cloth off showing Dominus' yes master

Ozaki: I want you to keep up your work as ganging there 
trust

Dominus: Yes sir and what about my little sister Nagi

Ozaki: kill her I you have to

Dominus: yes master

Ozaki: now Ryo Suza

Ryo and Suza: yes master

Ozaki: the stone you have is the caizer stone of use that 
power to defeat them and if you do you will have grate power 
as well as you Dominus you the caizer stone of darkness. All 
I have to say to the 3 of you is good luck

Dominus: yeah yeah ill get this little mission over before 
those 2. Boomerang let get going

A wolf with blue a fur and on his head his fur is spiked up 
and on the tips of it is red

Boomerang: yes master 

Dominus and Boomerang walk out of the office

Suza: master can you really trust him

Ryo: yes master not to be rude but how can you trust someone 
like him he doesn't even listen to some of you orders 

Ozaki: never mind him we need so we can learn more about the 
ones who destroyed Kagato a year ago so we can destroy them 
and you may leave now

Ryo and Suza: yes sir

Later the next day at Shaias

Isato: but what I don't get is why would they start killing 
one other

Ryoko: who cares I say we charge in there and call them all

Kash: hold on 

Ryoko: hold on all of us can go in there and just start 
kicking everyone's ass who's in there finish that up and 
come back in time for tea 

Kash: don't you get you know that ninja who was here last 
night he killed Tynem in just one strike now think if one of 
them could that who knows how many 5 could do

Karin: he dose have a point there 

Haruka: so we just sit here and let them come to us

Nagi: for once Ryoko is right we have to make the first move

then everyone starts yelling about what they should do

Washu: EVERYONE SHUT UP!!

After Washu told everyone to shut up there is a dead silence

Washu: first off we don't even know where the headquarters 

Isato: right

Nagi: your the smarts Washu what should we do

Washu: I could just have us all teleport there but I would 
need something from the headquarters and plus I would not do 
that because I don't know what would happen if I even did 
that are where we would end up in there headquarters.

Shaia: is just me are did anyone else notices that it has 
been a week sense we last saw Dominus 

Kash: don't worry he'll show up sooner or later 

Later that day Isato is walking though the ruins of city

Ryo: Hold it  Isato Caizer!

Isato looks behind to find Ryo and Suza on top of the ruins 
of a 3 story building 

Isato: well well Ryo and his younger sister Suza its been a 
long time

Ryo: Caizer we have been sent by Master Ozaki to destroy you

Isato: well I see that Ozaki has got someone else to do his 
work

Suza: ha we are only doing Master Ozakis wish

Ryo: now Isato Caizer we will show our power

Ryo and Suza start to lift into the air and lightning starts 
to go around the both of them as they become one to make 
Ryza. Ryza has green eyes white fire hair with to big gems 
in there shoulders and 2 more in there hands

Isato: lets get the over with

Isato powers up and transforms into Gowcaizer. Gowcaizer 
flies up in to the air with Ryza right behind it

Gowcaizer: Caizer Smash

2 energy balls made of fire fly right at Ryza but it throws 
them out of the way like nothing

Ryza: lightning punch

the punch goes into Gowcaizer gut deep making him fall to 
the ground spiting up blood and Ryza land on the ground

Ryza: the was easy then we thought get ready to die Isato 
Caizer

Out of Karin hits Ryza with a gold rod hard in the head

Karin: 133rd high priestess Karin-son here to save the day!

Gowcaizer: you fool run away Karin!!

Karin: now for the deathblow Karin Hammer!!

Karin slam one the ends of her rod down into the ground 
making a wave of fire fly full speed into Ryza making a 
cloud of smoke

Karin: I got ya

When the smoke clears Ryza stands there and grabs on to 
Karin hold her by the head

Karin: Ahhhhh!!

Gowcaizer: stop it!! If you hurt her I will kill you


Ryza: she will be the first to die from are power

Hellstinger: Hellstinger Punch!!!

The powerful punch makes Ryza throw Karin to the ground. 
Gowcaizer start to slow get up and fly up into the air

Gowcaizer: Flaming Dragon Max Power!!!

Ryo: Suza

Suza: Ryo

Gowcaizer hits Ryza with the Flaming Dragon attack the 
attack make a cloud of smoke and all that's left is Suza 
siting on her knees with dead brothers head in her lap with 
tears of blood running down her face

Suza: My dear brother

Hellstinger Karin and Gowcaizer are just stand there think 
about what they just did

Gowcaizer: what have I done I did not mean to kill him

Hellstinger: Gowcaizer you should not feel sorry for 
yourself you did what had do to do what to be done

Dominus as The Ninja and his dog Boomerang appear behind 
Suza

Ninja: just as I thought I knew you would fall 

Suza: shut up you!!!

Ninja: any ways master Ozaki seems to upset with he wants to 
see you right now

Ryo and Suza disappear

Gowcaizer: you over there you the ninja we fought before

Ninja: yes I remember you and this is my dog Boomerang

Boomerang: hello

Ninja: any ways we are her to finish what they started to we 
will kill you 3 now

In Boomerangs mouth a double edge knife appears in his mouth 
and Ninja takes out his long sword ninja sword

Ninja: ready

Gowcaizer: come on

Ozaki appears above Ninja

Ninja and Boomerang: Master Ozaki

Ozaki: no now is not the time fight them yet you 2 return 
back right now

Ninja and Boomerang: yes Master Ozaki

Ozaki disappears

Ninja: I guess we have fight another time you 3 but when we 
do you will the ones dead

Ninja and Boomerang disappear

Hellstinger: come on Washu said she might know the where 
there headquarters 

Gowcaizer: right lets go

Later on at Ozaki headquarters

Ozaki: once again we failed but now I have a idea that they 
now know where we are. Suza now you brother is dead and now 
you have power of the caizer stone so you must not fell me 
this time

Suza: yes master

Ozaki: with power of your caizer I shall see what you do the 
stone

Dominus: yeah yeah ill have this finished in now time 

Dominus transforms into The Ninja and disappears and 
Boomerang disappears along with him

Ozaki: I still do not trust him, you know what to do

20 phantoms behind Ozaki disappear

Ozaki: Suza don't fell me

Suza: yes master

Later in Washus lab

Washu: I found out where there headquarters are

Haruka: good job Washu

Washu: well I have some good new and bad news

Nagi: what's the good

Washu: the good is like I said before I know where the 
headquarters is its in the center of the ruins of that old 
city where you guys where fight Kash

Kash: ok so what's the bad news

Washu: well there are four gates guarding them because you 
see there headquarters  is a tower but there is a weak gate 
it might be a trap so really we are going to have to split
up into groups 

Karin: hey where's Ms Shaia 

Washu: don't worry I told her all about this today 

Isato: ok but what is the weakest  gate

Washu: number two thats the one you and Kash are going to 
take care of Isato

Isato: right

Kash: ok

Washu: Haruka and Ryoko well take care of number one

Ryoko: ok ill smash that gate open

Haruka: you can count on me

Washu: Karin you and Shaia will take care of the gate number 
3 

Karin: 133rd High Priestess can take care of that gate!

Washu and the others have huge sweat drops in the back of 
there heads 

Washu: rrrright. Any ways me and Nagi will take care of the 
last gate

Nagi: ok

Washu hands everyone a hand radio 

Washu: we will keep in contact using these 

Everyone Else: right 

Isato: but what about that ninja guy

Washu: most likely he will be inside. Once everyone has the 
gate open head to the top floor because I sense that's where 
the most power is out of the entire tower. Now lets get 
moving!!!

Later that night at the first gate

Sailor Uranus: Uranus World Sharking

Uranus dose world sharking at the gate but it dose not open

Ryoko: damn we tried everything but I just wont open damnit 

Sailor Uranus: keep trying  it has to open some time soon

Mean while at the fourth gate. Washu fires a huge cannon 
which is powered up at full power right at the gate which 
makes a cloud of smoke

Nagi: well

after the smoke clears the got still stands the closed 
without even a mark on it

Washu: damn

Nagi: keep firing the cannon it has to open sooner or later

Washu: right

Washu keeps firing the cannon mean while at the 3rd gate

Karin: Karin Hammer!!

Shaia: Shinning Triangle!!

The attacks become one and hit the gate dead on but it dose 
not even open

Shaia: damnit

Shaia takes out her hand radio 

Shaia: hey Washu are you having any luck

Washu: no same with the others

At the second gate

Hellstinger: Ha and Washu said this is the weakest out of 
all of them

Gowcaizer: lets keep going

Hellstinger and Gowcaizer power up 

Gowcaizer: Flaming Dragon Attack Max Power!!!

Hellstinger: Voltage Crack Max Power!!!

Once they both do there attacks at the gate it slow starts 
to open, Once it opens all the way all that standing there 
is Dominus and Boomerang with Dominus 

Dominus: Very good I'm glad you made it this far my friends

Gowcaizer: Dominus your working with them now

Dominus: was working with them once you guys are out of the 
picture ill take care of Ozaki myself

Hellstinger: Isato look its that wolf that the ninja has.

Gowcaizer: so your the ninja that killed Tynem and who we 
saw at that after battle with Ryo and Suza

Dominus: that's right

Hellstinger: why did you join Ozaki 

Dominus: easy so could find more about him and his plans 
after that I kill him and you guys along with him so lets 
get this over with

Dominus takes out the caizer Ozaki gave him and he drops it 
to the ground

Dominus: I don't need this thing

Dominus slams his foot on the stone making it break into 
pieces

Dominus: now lets get this over with

Dominus takes out his long sword and turns in the Dark Ninja
and a double edge knife appears in Boomerangs  mouth

Boomerang: now lets get this over with

Out of no where 20 phantoms drop down out of no where and 
start to attack the four of them

Dark Ninja: damnit Ozaki...Kash Isato go on ahead his on the 
top floor if cant kill him then some else with have to 

Hellstinger: what about the other gates 

Dark Ninja: once this one opens so will the others your 
friends might almost be to the top floor now go

Gowcaizer: thanks Dominus

Hellstinger: yeah thanks

Gowcaizer and Hellstinger run past Boomerang and Dark Ninja

Dark Ninja: ok Boomerang old friend this is it

Boomerang: go ahead old friend

Dark Ninja: Ahhhh Rageing Stom!!!!!

After that huge attack it makes a huge explosion and all 
that is left Boomerangs double edge knife of the ground on  
the blade carved in it are the words " Ill Be Back". 
Hellstinger and Gowcaizer head into the tower and on one of 
the floor they find Suza

Suza: so we finally meet again Isato Caizer sense you killed 
my brother its been even a hard time to breath and then you 
kill Dominus I loved him but even I never did show it or 
tell him that I did all because of you Isato Caizer.

Gowcaizer: now its now like Suza  I did not mean to kill 
your brother Ryo

Suza: Ha and what about Dominus 

Hellstinger: Ozaki wanted him dead Suza. Dominus sacrificed 
himself so we could get here 

Suza falls to her knees hold her head 

Suza: no lies all lies

Suza stands up

Suza: now I will show you my true power. Light Caizer 
Transformation!!!

A bright Light surrounds Suza. After the bright light is 
gone all that is left is Suza with white body armor with 
caizer stone in her chest. Then flies full speed and 
Hellstinger and Gowcaizer

Mean while in another part off the tower

Shaia: Shining Triangle!!!

Sailor Uranus: World Sharking!!!

Karin: Karin Hammer!!!

The 3 attacks become on and destroy 40 phantoms

Karin: I got ya

Sailor Uranus: that's was too easy 

Shaia: yeah

Mean while in another part of the tower

Washu fires her cannon destroying 40 phantoms as well

Washu: come lets get going

Nagi: right

Ryoko: ok

Mean while

Gowcaizer: Kash stay out of this

Gowcaizer turns back into Isato

Hellstinger: what are you doing you nuts if you do this 
without the power of your caizer stone

Isato: well Suza

Light Caizer punches and kicks Isato to the ground with 
tears in her eyes. Isato starts to get up

Isato: see you are human 

Light Caizer: shut up!!

Light Caizer dose light caizer punch into Isatos gut and 
Isato pushes her fist in more with a tear of blood running 
down his face then she has a flash back with Ryo saying I 
will always protect you. Then she falls to the ground and 
the body armor disappears.

Isato: hey Kash get over her something wired is happen

Hellstinger: hey dont take advantage of me I dont like being 
called if its important 

Isato: hey take a look at this

Hellstinger: oh no the stone is building up inside of her 
once it breaks she dies

Isato: come on do something!

Hellstinger turns back into Kash and takes out his caizer 
stone

Kash: ill put my caizer stone with her stone it doesn't work 
I guess we both go to haven and besides the other need you 
help don't worry I will not kill.

Isato: ok

Isato runs off leaving Kash and Suza there mean while at the 
top floor the others are fighting Ozaki in his Death Caizer 
form

Death Caizer: you think you can defeat me you fools
Nagi fires a blast of energy at Death Caizer

Death Caizer: Dark Thunder!

The thunder reflects the blast of energy and the energy ball 
as well as the thunders hits Nagi make her fall into the 
ground

Nagi: damn

Washu: my turn

Washu powers up her cannon to full power fires it right at 
Death Caizer but he absorbs the energy and throws a huge 
energy ball at Washu making fall into a wall

Washu: is the end of little Washu

Karin: Karin Hammer!! 

Sailor Uranus: World Sharking!!

Shaia: Shining Triangle!!

The attacks become one and hit Death Caizer but nothing 
happens 

Karin: Um now

Ryoko calls on the power of the lighthawk wings to form the 
Lighthawk Sword and she flies full speed at Death Caizer

Death Caizer: Hells Blast!!!

Blast goes right Ryoko at Ryoko hitting her making her fall 
to the ground but she get back up and stabs Death with the 
Lighthawk Sword making die and fall to the ground

Shaia: is he dead 

Washu: I think so

Nagi: come lets go home

From Ozakis dead body black smoke start to raise form from 
it forming a angel like form which is4 stories tall which 
has black and red with black wings and Isato walks to where 
the others are

Isato: you guys cant kill that thing

Washu: why not

Isato: its pure caizer energy the only way that thing can 
die is by with someone who has caizer energy the only people 
who have that is me and Kash where ever he my be right so 
you guys have go

Others: ok

the others leave and Isato powers up and transforms into 
Gowcaizer 

Gowcaizer: now just who the hell are you any ways!!!

Angel like being: I am the Ultimate being called Ommi Exist

Gowcaizer: Ommi Exist??

Ommi Exist: only though thought I have exist but now that I 
am alive I can now complete my destiny of destroying human 
kind. You humans are bent on destroying everything and 
everyone there is when really you destroying yourself. 
That's is what you are the destination of the planet Singo

Gowcaizer: yeah right you know most humans are not like 
that!!

Ommi Exist: even you wish it Isato Caizer the destination of 
every living thing

Gowcaizer: you wrong I'm not like that!!

Ommi Exist: Don't you see my power will soon destroy Singo 
and then everything else

Gowcaizer: I will not let you do that

Hellstinger: you mean we will not let you do that

Gowcaizer: Kash

Hellstinger: the one and only

Gowcaizer: what happen to Suza

Hellstinger: don't worry she is ok

Ommi Exist: you can not defeat me my power is grater then 
both of yours combined 

Gowcaizer: I'm not much of talking but having my power 
grater then yours is something ill give a shot at right Kash

Hellstinger: yeah that's right

Gowcaizer flies up into the air right at Ommi Exist

Gowcaizer: Caizer Strike!!!

Before the attack could hit Ommi Exist she grabs Gowcaizer 
and throws him into the ground and fires a beam right him 
but Gowcaizer back flips out of the way

Hellstinger: Wryneck Stinger!!

Before the attack could hit Ommi Exist fires a huge beam at 
Hellstinger making him fall to the ground

Ommi Exist: you are doing very well you two here is you 
reward

All of the sudden there is a double edge knife in Ommi Exist 
left eye

Ommi Exist: Ahhhhhh!!

Dominus and Boomerang are behind Hellstinger and Gowcaizer

Dominus: what are you guys doing standing there lets kick 
some ass

Hellstinger: right

Gowcaizer: lets

Dominus and Boomerang become one too form Domrang the Demon 
Werewolf Hellstinger Gowcaizer and Domrang fly up at Ommi 
Exist powering up

Hellstinger: Voltage Crack Max power!!

Gowcaizer: Flaming Dragon Attack Max power!!!

Domrang: Destination Strike Max Power!!

The attacks become and hit Ommi Exist 

Ommi Exist: Here me well human kind I have not die just yet 
I shall return when you desire 

Then Ommi Exist blows up along with the tower

Later on everyone stands there looking at the ruins of the 
tower but Dominus and Boomerang are no were in site 

Suza: is over

Kash: I think so 

Washu: come on everyone let go home

Everyone walks away in to the sunset 





As you know this was my second fin-fic hope you enjoyed it 
if have any comments or things like that my e-mail is 
dark_knight_dominus@yahoo.com once again I hope you enjoyed 
it.













