I am not here to make aney money this property of Pioneer an Fundmation
an Pioneer ,
an Parmount ,witch I will use Startrek the next generation, Stat treck
deep space 9 in
mt storey plot. I hope you enjoy it. An to all the coperation it is just
fan fiction.
Cross over

Glenn B

Tenchi3035@yahoo.com
Title The rise an fall of Ryoko an Tenchi

Chapter 1 A new god an godess are born

Tenchi an Ryoko become powerful god an godess

Tenchi shows his true god power; an Ryoko shows her true godess power.

It had been 2 years that Ayeka an her star ship Aeka-ohki.
Washua ask Ayeka how maney gems did you wish from the eternal dragon ;
Washua said nothing she a link to Ayeka she needed Ayeka to become
a godess so they might have change to fight Tenchi an Ryoko an mabey
win.

We have been measured the power leval of both Tenchi an Ryoko they both
at
7,000,000 an1,000 power leveal per minute.
Washua was typing at her computer key bord: I will tranport you to this
time
it is when the eternal dragon can make 2wishs insteadof just one. You
must
wish for the 3rd gem of power, an the cronus stone it control time.
Ayeka nodded
her head.  Then she saw a man flying he hade yellow white hair  an a
orange
jump suit an it had 2 symbol one on the front the other on the back.

Then she step through the gate an flying very fast about a mile there
was Gokua.
She got right over Gokua an then she said Aeka-Ohik beam in a bord.
Ayeka said I have come here from differnt time an space, I need the
dragon ball Z to make a wish
to the new eternal dragon;1 new god an 1 new godess they have power
reading of
7,000,000 but are great science Washua witch is a godess an Tsunami
another godess
think there true power reading is between, 1 billion to 7 billion  Gokua
could not
understand how a being could have such a powerful reading . Sure I will.

Then Ayeka got the last dragon ball from general Taol.

Then they both return to Kamielook out there they were met by Veggia
Piccoil
an Tien what is that women doing here who is she:before they could say
any thing
she  Aeka-ohik come to me a huge statr ship appear an it beam all 7
dragon ball
down on to the floor. And then Aeka-Ohki transform ,it self to a cabbet
 It started hop around exploring the strange surrounding.
Then Ayeka said a summon the eternal dragon; the sky turn, black an
great sheet
of lighting streak through the sky and the 7 dragon ball begain to glow
an
pulsate. And then a explosion an the great eternal dragon said what is
your wish.
Say what you want, an it will be granted. I wish for 1 real gem of power
for the right side of my neck.
The dragon said it is done an a gem, was inbeddedin the right side of
her neck.
My second wish for the cronus stone that control time. The dragon said
it is done.
A green gem appear, on her forehead, an she also, had the mark of the
goddes
Tsunami. The gem was 2 inch diameter.

Then the eternal dragon said it is done I bid you fair well.
Vegetia was making some conment that Ayeka didn't like; then she face
Vegeta the
green gem emited a green light over an with in aminute Vegita was a
babey.
Then Ayaka said no one stop me Goku know why an it is a matter of life
or death.

This way to the hyper polic time chamber . She enter it there was
nothing but the room
an enmpty space.Ayeka said how strange. Then huge iceberge form an the
temputure
whent from an ice box to a blazing infernal in minutes.
She ate once a week . And then on the 6month in the hyperbolic time
chamber.
The light wing form first one then they double;Ayeka morph into her red
an black
battle suit With one swip the ice was broken Then the fire was cusuming
her bodey
she felt slight pain.An then on the 8month.she was very tired then on
the nineth month
She was in side the hyperbulic time chamber then all of a sudden she
felt a little
sick an light sword started appearing an they suround her like a cocoon.
And more
more sword were being created and with in 1hr in real world had oley 2
hr.

Then she slow time in both worlds down an by the second hr the light
halk swords begain to fall
off like skin has the touch the ground they were reabsorb because they
were enegy.
Then in the last minute she compleatly stop time  With only 1minute on
the clock
An then before she wash off the slime that was in her forehead an then
she went out side there
was a blazing enfernal incircle her bodey an hair it did not burn .Then
in a few minutes
she step out of the fire. An went to the shower at got all the dry slime
off,her face neck
legs breast There was a mirror she stand she was nudemade sure all the
slime was off.

Aeka was very differnt a full fledge godess she look older an her breast
were larger
an she look more beatful an more scary all at the same time.
Then she said I am finish then she look at little vegeta, an then she
was pinching his cheaks
what are you doing women it is your turn to go if you want to Vegeta.

Then Ayeka took, Gogua an Gohan in her space ship Gohan could not
believe a cut little, thing like that cat like creature could turn into
a space ship? Ayeka said it can do lot more then just fly.
Within a few minutes they were at Koran temple Aeka-ohki beam all
three down to the temple Then Gokua channle his power to Coran an has
he channle the power it shook the temple an was breaking it apart an
they felt a shock
wave at Kamia look ,out Then Koran said you won't ,be happey unless you,
wreck the temple
an destroy the planet. Gokua said how strong do you think I am against
cell.
I don't know Goku I. Before Koren could finish what he was going to say.

Ayeka said I can tell you Gokua you still to week. Koren I want to
chanle my power
I believe with just one blast I kill this being call cell.

She look at the temple it seperate from the metal pole that was holding
it up.
Ayeka look an tie Yajirobe up so he would not fall off the tower.
Then Ayeka begain to channleher goddess power to Koren an the earth it
self shook
Then 10 minutes ladey stop stop are you try destoy ,the planet can you
tell me the
streath;Koren said it is at least twice has strong ,then Goku.Ayeka that
was only 1%
of my power. I believe you will have no problem destroying Cell.

Then they where all at Chi Chi House an Chi-Chi said who is your friend
Goku:
Ayeka spoke up my name is Ayeka an I am above ever one on this miserable
planet
Chi-Chi was fuming I have no interest in any one here in any thing
sexal.
I am here to train an help your son Gohan to have more power so I can
take
him to my version of the planet earth ,witch has shift from 231/4
Degrees to 20degrees
in 2 years The being that are doing are call Ryoko an Tenchi . Washa
what is the reading an
on Tenchi an Ryoko ;Tenchi is 30,000,000 Ryoko is29,999,000 inpower an
increasing
100,000 levals perhour.  Then she look at Chi -Chi she was a ittle girl
of 2 years old.

Then she went back in time to the castle of the Ox king before it was
blown up
by Master Rosch.An then she inject Chi- Chi with a vival of her blood
that
would be pass on to her son Gokan and awaken by  Guru. There power
are equial to six super1 sayians an they are inmortal an god an godess.
And they keep, geting stronger an stronger.

Chapter 1a Tenchi an Ryoko go to Star trek deep space nine an attack
Bajor

Are power we have proven to the Jurial an the weekling on this planted
earth.
We will go to Star Trek Deep Space on the edge of a stable worm hole.
And 1 hour after they had left Earth they appear on the bridge.
Captain Sisko said how did they beam on board:We materlize here through
the wall, unlike you humans an humenoids we don't need air.
Then Tenchi created 3 cylon base ships an Ryoko was on one of them
Tenchi lauch fighter the extermenation of the Bajor begain now.

Then Tenchi brought 100 klingbirds of prayan they join the battle.
And then on the home worldof the Kling empire 20 Federation ship attack
the home world.
Tenchi said come back to deep space  9 an we will celbrate the destution
on Bajor.
After 1 night one of the moons of Bajor exploded. Ryoko said to major
Kira
soon your home world will be no more we care ,wealth we create a new
order
we want an Bajor has naither wepon or telpath.

They said Quark give both large glass Socke an don't be styingey ;he
was't .
After one week Tenchi said to the cylons an the federation ships
withdraw
and consetrate all are power on the Klingon empire.
All the battle ship that starfleet had even Star trek the next
generation ship.
An then they said Quark here 100 bars of gold press bars.
Then Quark said here is your hollow,sweet I hope you enjoy it.
And Tenchi an Ryoko were making love to each other an Ryoko was mew,mew,
mew,
over an over Ryoko pick Ryo-Ohik up an said to Tenchi Ryoko is mad at us
for not paying a
attentionto you we were planing for a new order how could we be so dumb
Tenchi we
control the time it self. Then they created a computer pad an Ryoko
begain to type on it
To form an Alliance between the  Federation the Romulan the Cardassian
an the Cylon
What are the chance of destroying the totaly desrtroying the galaxy
police.
And then a few minutes later a number pop up 10-15%  partshly 90% some
damage 100%.
How much if we have the Sayian attack an the an the Ginuy force .
The computer pad diplay the numbers total destrucction 0%  lots of
destution to head quaters 50%
If all them encluding the Sayians an Ginuy forcce have a power reading
of 1,000,000 an
can all live in Valcume of space like Freeza. An the Sayians increase in
battle after each fight.
Total destion to part is insure with in 4 weeks unless Juria inter fear
in witch theprogress,will stop
orr slow down 90%.
What if me an Ryolo take over Juria not destoy it but conquer it an
launch attack on the galaxy
police  with the help of the Sayians an the Ginuy force The computer key
pad
said 100% susess.

And then Tenchi an Ryokowent to the bridge of the ship an look an the
screen show up
the Federation and the Romulam an the Cardassian an the Cylon.
Give damage reported of the battle 1/2 of all Kling ships have been
destroy in battle
more are on there way to replace them 3days away, 1/4 Romulam ship, have
been destroy
1/3 Fedweration star ship have been destroyrd damage to home world of
the Klingong
home world 1/2 of the poplation is dead an the base ship are 3days have
enough
force to destroy the planted. Call off the attack . They retreated from
the home world
the cylon base ship with drew. Tenchi touch his belt witch has ,9 real
gem of power
incircle make ever body foget,what has happen.
Are next place we are going to 1year before Freeza, make an Alliance
with the Sayians.

And then 30 minutes after they had stop the attack on th Klingong home
world.
They said to the captain  of deep space nine may we have a room. Lt. Dax

found them a room. And with there minds they seperated them, self an put
there
high leval persenalty into Tenchi an Ryoko in there form, when they both

at the phsical age ,of 15 years old. Older version of Ryoko said I think
return to
deep space 9 1 week from today.

Then at the tranporter this can not be something is materlizingfrom deep
space 9.
An the ship shook a litle that the great power that  Ryoko an Tenchi had
to use.
Captain Picair said who are these children how did they get on board ;
We are advance being have youmherd of the being Q we are much powerful
then that
no advance tricks.

An then eterprise was in the plantary system of earth Lt Data how did we
get here
Hehad computer key pad dissengage the auto destion switch .
Then at the sun core pull energy . An they where orbiting500,000 mile
above
earth. Lock on captal  Calforalifor destoy,  it a beam came down that
was 12inchs in diamenter
an it expanded to 1200 miles. Ther was no city that was untouch in
Califoria
an the blast cauce massave earth quake. In the year 24500, on the star
treck world.

And then the enterprise whent to deep space 9 an got right abouve Bajor
lauch the energy
was from the ship onley 1inch in diamenter,when it stuck earth it was
only 100miles .
Release it in pulse all 1 sec that should show some destusion.
Lt data damage a crator 5mile wide an 10 mile deep, a change reaction
has started
Vocanican earth quake an massive tital waves. And the planted axis are
wobling.
An thethe planey is slowly pulling ,away from the star of Bajor.
Ryok an Tenchi say very good it is time to end are little game.
An then standing next to child,girl an boy where there adult form . And
then there was 1
Ryoko an one Tenchi.Ryoko spoke Cousler  Troy ,tell thes fool what we
are.
Captain to put simple these being are has fare obove, the Q then we are
below the Q.
Then a wisper she said they ,are all powerful god an godess.
Cousler Troy speak louder or I will demenstate ,the last power witch is
life an death.
Then she saaid they are a god an godess.

Know this cousler Troy we are from another earth an we are here to bring
about a new world
order.
And Tenchi an Ryoko went back to there cabin an there ,they seperated
there self
and Tenchi did the same. And Tenchi turn to his younger, self  an said
what did you do in are absent
did have a good time. We done dameage to the Federationb Earth an we
have done great damage to
Bajor. Very good we are closer to create a new world order.

Are youger version have done good the Planted Bajor, is knpw more and
any one survive it will be a planted
of ice and snow an deserts. Tenchi was taping on a key pad ,an in minute
infornmation came up
99%all lifeon Bajor is gone. An very soon Bajor will experenceit first
ice age.
An are children destoy west part of the United States the year 25000.
Not what we wanted but we fix it through changing time.
We are one step closer in creating a new world order the Borg fail an
Founder fail
But unlike the borg  we will not fail An with th Founders you gave the
founder a
germ an almost kill them untill Oda gave the female changling the cure
an she call
a cease fire we are not weak we can't be poison or trick, or any thing
that you use
to stop your other enmeys. We are here to exstablish a new order.
It may be today or it could be a 100 years in the past. or 1000 years in
the future or
all of them at once we will choose and there is nothing to do about it.

And then they went to the repercator and got  1qt bottle of Socke
One Ryoko an Tenchi . An then Tenchi got ,1qt 160 proof rum.
Ryoko said what that it is a sweet drink I think I'll try it let spend
some relaxing time on the
hollowdeck .And Tenchi program the hollow sweet to look like House of
tenchi and his bedroom, an the holy tree of  funaho that was inbeded in
the lake.
Tenchi gave all of this to the computer. An the first hour they both had
finish the sock
And then Tenchi dran his Rum. An then they Tenchi created another 4
bottle of
one qt of socke. They drank it up the next4 bottle up in less then an
hour.
Ryoko had 3qts of socke an Tenchi had 3qts sock an 1qt of 160 proof rum.

An then after they both had drank all tha alcoloh they both made love
too each other
that went on all night,and the next day. An then Tenchi said I want to
get pratice in
Computer I want you to created for me a hollogram of Bajor. An both of
them went up
to the ceiling fire a blast of enegy that shook the ship. The wave hit .

On Tenchi computer pad energy ,only dipeated 10% planted mass can be
destroy with
one blast do not need aney other ship this may be the best way to
created
the new order.An when the wave hit the planted Bajor it turn to dust .
Tenchi said to Ryoko nothing bigger then a grain of sand.

Then Tenchi said in his slurr voice an touch,his belt an wisper an the
shaking of the ship stop.
And back on planted dragon ball world Washua said you must there has
been time shift
The planted Bajor is no more the Bajor are all dead except some scater
among other races.
And tthere will be other planted destoy so they can exstablish there new
order for the
univerce. An if Tokium some how is able to control one or both there
will be know hope
for any bodey. Go back after the sayias attack Piccolo dispear into a
differnt dimention.
And Bulla goe's to planted Namic .

An then Mr Popo came to Buluma wen she was visting Gokuin the hosipital
when
he was injuredby Veggia. An he took her to the space craft, that Kama
had use
when he was a small boy. An she had it fix up so she could go to Namic.
And then Ayeka said may please take Goku to Namic, We can get there in2-
3 days
An Bulla how are you planing on geting to Namic any way;then she said
trasform
Aeka-Ohki an t became a huge space craft.
And then in 2 days they where at planted Namic; an just  came down
increase ,your power leval
Gohan said are you nuts you want evial force to find ,us I have a reson
for that I need see your true power.
The number flew 3000  Gohan put the scouter on red godess 10,000  an the
number begain to speen
on the scouter red 100,000 an increasing an then 2 minutes later
1,000,000

An at Freeza ship he had allready 3dragon ball.  Ayeka said get the 3
dragon ball an
Aeka-ohki will the other 2 she will ,beam them into theship.
And then we will just wait for Bullma an Krillian. To get here so we can
find this old
Namicthat will, awaken your hiddon power.And then 1 week later, Veggia
an Bullma
both got to planted Namickat the same time.An then they all pass, Ayeka
had the scouter that she had gotten from,
Washua to read tenchi an ryoko power reading an she was reading all the
wons that pass by
thatn easy no problem when Freeza flew by in his hovercraft 530,000 spun
true reading 12,000,000.
this trouble Ayeka but did not worrey her, she knew, if got her hiddon
power from Gura she would
be much stonger an wish for 2-3 gems of power.

It was the next day an Bulla at went out side with Krillion ,Dortodian
came out an Aekeka said leave this
placeor die power leval 23,000  Fromthe other 3 gems she drew, in power
an the scouter was busted.
It red 40,000.This can not be Good by see you in other diamention.Then
Ayeka not I'm a godess
an thw power,leval is 1,000,000. Finly the ship Aeka lauch a power bast
of energy
an the sheil of the space craft shater it only took us 3days to get here
if we need to make a quil escape we
can Aeka-Ohik my space ship she is very fast Finly they had they had
caught a lot of Namek
an one was kill this Krillion I order you to get him. An Ayeka said to
her space ship transform.
An it did an she went inside an in about hour but to ever,won else it
seem like6 hour .
Then Aeka came out there was her adult version ,an a child 10 years
old;the older version
I created this bodey it is pure but half the power, is gone that make me
at 500,000 power
leval. Ayaka stay with Bullma said should we look for the dragon ball,
or wait:Ayeka said
wait I am incompleate with out my other half so we will weight ,enother
words we can
wait I can cotrol the flow, of time so we will wait.

They were at Guru house in know time flat .Dendewent to Nail how is Guru
doing
not well it is time to go pretey soon:then he said don't leave us Guru
my boy
Denda such a good boy my son.An then Goku can you please awaken my
hidden power
Nail said are intition good Goku he noded lets ,this is the stongest
ower I have ever felt;
an then he smile and then large stream of energy came, out an he felt
more powerful.
Ayeka may i have my power awaken Guku touch her head ,I feel a power it
has no known limets it is good a pure it has a purpose. She touch her a
pulse of energy
the pulse of energy created a new gem of power on her right uppewr right
wrist.
An her black hair turn golden an both eyes were golden in color.
She open her hands incircle, an the right gem an left gem ,met in a
circle.
With in less the a minute Aeka-Ohik was right over Guru house.
Then he touch krillion I also fell great hidden, power;Krillion said if
I  hade hidden power I
would have hair.

Has soon they got back were Bulma an adult form of Ayeka the ship landed

did he awaken bettrer then what thought with all go,dess power it also
form one gem of power
Before we reunited we both want to know what the power leval is . The
scouter was on Gohan
right eye class godess at rest power leval250,000 an then she, begain to
charge up
an a minute later her hair was bright golden color like a super sayian
power leval 2.5million
And he was loking at the number they were a blurr increasing
1,000,000power leval a minute
 An then beforer she would form the light halk winngs what is the power
,now 25 million.
An then she calm her spirt, down an in less minute 260,000.
An then Ayeka went into her space craft Aeka-Ohki, an within hour came
out she look a klittle scarey
We are one powe leval 2.2 milion and then she power up just ,before the
light would
incase her bodey an become true godes. Gohan said 40 milion is the power
leval.

And then Ayeka brung Goku Vegia an the Giiyu force. I have the ablity to
stop  time
And Freeza has one dragon ball an we have the other 6 all I need is,
from the eternal dragon
2 wishs for the gems of power withall ,6 on my right left top wrist and
the bottom wrist
an on the right side an the left side of the neck.The last gem will give
me
the ably to raise the dead.
So Ayeka call her spaceship Aeka -Ohki an in few second scan an fight
Freeza ship an
get the last dragon ball. Denda  I wish you summon ths dragon Ihave a
wish
one gem of power like the one my wrist or neck.Denda
*((*&^%%4))(**&^%&^^%%#$#%%^$$####
an the dragon Porunga it is done.  And I want the same wish, has the
first it is granted.

Ayeka said surender Ginyu force an Freeza or be destroyed. Freeza this
can not be
what state it in power10,000,000 an increasing very very fast. on the
scouter
it said name godess changing An 20minutes the light halks were reabsorb
into the godess
bodey an the outer swords fell off an disspear. power leval 50,000,000
only 1/2 of 1%.

Ever one Ginyu force veggia anFreeza ,where in fear  And Ayeka inclose
them in a glass vival
And they all were in Little Washua space lab, Vegga Giyu force an Freeza
all of them
except Veggia were intrap in little glass ,jar 6 inch high.

chapter2 Ryoko an Tenchi atack the dragon ball Z fighters
Ryoko test there new power out on cell  an the other Z fighter in the
Cell Sag.

Tenchi3035@yahoo.com
