Ranma Muyo! episode 2

title: Team Ranma vs. Ryoko
       Ryoko Makes Thirteen vs. One a Fair Fight!


(Washuu is sitting in her sub-dimensional lab when a message flashes
across her computer screen.)

Washuu: That's strange. These energy readings are abnormally high.
There shouldn't be anything this powerful still lingering in Ryoko's
cave -- or the earth for that matter. Hmm...(enthusiastically) maybe
Tenchi knows!

(Washuu hops off her stool and exits her lab, reappearing in the
Masaki living room, where Sasami is playfully dangling a carrot in front
of Ryo-Ohki.)

Washuu: Sasami, have you seen Tenchi?

(Sasami turns around to answer Washuu, and Ryo-Ohki snatches the
carrot while Sasami is distracted. Ryo-Ohki makes a mad dash for the
door, slams into it once, then successfully passes through it. Sasami
and Washuu blink helplessly.)

Sasami: No, why?

Washuu: Well, to put it simply, my computer sensors detected an
energy spike which caused a massive ripple in the sub-dimensional
space/time fabric whose epi-center was located beneath the Masaki
Shrine, understand?

(Sasami respectfully scratches her head making a nifty squeaky
sound, confused. Washuu is vexed at not being understood.)

Washuu: In other words, something big is going on in Ryoko's cave.

Sasami: Oh. Well, maybe Tenchi is practicing with Grandpa.

Washuu: Thank you.

(Washuu is seen coming up the steps to the Masaki Shrine and runs
into Ayeka, who is fuming mad, turning several interesting shades of
red, and is mumbling to herself.)

Ayeka: I hate that monster woman -- always making fun of me. I don't
know how she can compete with me. She has nothing going for her.
She's mean, she sags, she -- AHH! (surprised) Oh, hello, Lil' Washuu
(embarrassed), I didn't see you.

(Washuu cocks one eyebrow and decides it might be better if she
ignored Ayeka's outburst.)

Washuu: Have you seen Tenchi?

Ayeka: He's with that monster woman. What a disgusting thought...

(Ayeka stalks off and her voice trails. Washuu watches Ayeka until
she disappears from sight and resumes scaling the stairs until she
reaches the top where Tenchi is practicing with his grandfather,
Yosho. Ryoko is floating/sitting with her arms crossed behind her
head, slightly uninterested. Washuu stops to watch.)

Yosho: Come on, boy, you can do better than that.

Tenchi: No fair, Grandpa, you're (dragging it out) old-er and have
ma-ny, ma-ny, MA-NY more years of experience.

(Yosho looks slightly put-out.)

Yosho: Okay, let's see what you've got.

(Yosho and Tenchi cross blades and proceed to square off. Tenchi
lunges at Yosho with a fierce flurry of blows. Yosho masterfully perries
them all, side-steps, trips Tenchi, and swats him across the butt with
the flat of his blade as Tenchi goes flying head-first into a tree.
Ryoko, in the background, blinks with wide eyes and rushes over to
Tenchi. Yosho smirks contentedly.)

Ryoko: Tenchi, are you alright?

(Ryoko feels Tenchi all over to "make sure he's not hurt.")

Ryoko: Is there anything I can do?

Tenchi: You can get off of me.

Ryoko: Oh, hehe.

Tenchi: Grandpa, what was that for?

Yosho: (ominously) Have a bit more respect for your elders.

Washuu: Tenchi, there you are! I've been looking for you.

Tenchi: How can I help you, Lil' Washuu?

Ryoko: (angry at being interrupted) Yah, mom.

(Washuu pulls Tenchi off to the side, leaving Ryoko in the background
glaring furiously and making faces at Washuu. Yosho leaves and
returns to his house.)

Washuu: Tenchi, I need you to go investigate something for me,
puh-lease?

Tenchi: (warily) What?

Washuu: There's strong energy eminating from a point near this shrine.
I wonder if you would like to check it out for me.

Tenchi: Well, I dunno, Lil' Washuu...

(Tenchi scratches his head and Ryoko materializes hugging him.)

Ryoko: Oh, Tenchi, would it make you happy if I went for you?

(Ryoko blinks innocently.)

Tenchi: Well...

Ryoko: It would? Say no more! I'll do it!

Tenchi: Uhm...

Ryoko: So, mom, where exactly is this energy thing comin' from?

(Washuu's whole manner turns nauseatingly sweet.)

Washuu: Why Ryoko, dear, I couldn't think of anyone better suited
for this job!

Ryoko: Huh?

Washuu: It's in your cave!

(Ryoko releases Tenchi and quickly falls to the ground -- insert
favorite "thump" sound here. She shoots back up to a standing
position and slouches.)

Ryoko: Not that damn cave again!

Washuu: You promised Tenchi.

(Ryoko's gaze dashes from Washuu to Tenchi, back to Washuu, over
to Tenchi one final time, and stops at Washuu.)

Ryoko: Fine. I'll go... (sarcastically) mom.

(Screen fades and re-opens on an empty cave. In a flash of light, Team
Ranma appears in all its soggy glory, standing in Ryoko's crypt.)

Akane: Where are we?

Kuno: Whither the Guide and the Jusenkyo Spring?

Soun: Saotome!

Genma: This is the boy's fault!

Ranma: What!?

Ukyou: Does anyone care that we're standing in the source of an
unnatural light?

Happosai: Soun! Genma!

Ryoga: Uh, where's the door?

Mousse: (hugs Cologne) Shampoo, don't be afraid! I'll save you!

Kuno: Ranma Saotome, what have you done with the pig-tailed girl?

Cologne: Get this idot off me.

Shampoo: Mousse, I over here.

(Mousse races to hug a stalagmite.)

Kasumi: Oh, my, what happened?

Nabiki: This is probably Ranma's fault.

(Short pause.)

Everyone but Ranma: RANMA!!

Ranma: WHAT!?

(Ukyou and Shampoo are seen in the background waving their arms
violently and yelling at each other. Mousse is still comforting the 
stalagmite. Cologne is watching them disdainfully.)

Genma: Listen, boy, you got us into this. It's your responsibility to
get us out.

(Soun, next to Genma, nods his head vigorously.)

Ranma: This ain't my fault, old man!

Soun: How dare you strand your fiancee's father in a place like this?

Kasumi: There, there, Father.

Ranma: I didn't do anything!

Ryoga: How can you endanger Akane like this? I'm surprised at you.
How could you stoop so low?

Akane: Ranma, you idiot!

Ranma: Stupid tomboy, I didn't do nuthin'! It was Ryoga's crummy
map that led us here!

Ryoga: That's right. How typical of you to try and place the blame on
someone else.

Happosai: PRETTY LADY!

Everyone but Happi: Huh?

(Happosai lunges at the mysterious female shape. The shape sends
Happosai flying to the other end of the cave with a single pulse blast.
Happosai is embedded in the wall, unconscious. Cut to the outside of
the Masaki Shrine where Tenchi has resumed practicing by himself;
a large, bright blast is seen coming from the Masaki Cave.)

Tenchi: AHH! What was that!?

(Cut back to the Masaki Cave where the battle is ensuing. Genma and
Soun take advantage of the situation and beat an unconscious
Happosai. Mousse is bravely fighting a different stalagmite and
Shampoo is trying to point him in the right direction. Kasumi and Nabiki
are listening to Cologne's commentary on the fight. Kuno is impressed
by the female's looks and fighting style and is staying neutral. Ukyou
is cheering on Ranma while he, Akane, and Ryoga rush to attack the
female. The female dematerializes and rematerializes behind Ranma.)

Ryoko: I am Ryoko.

(Ranma blinks twice, surprised, and whips around.)

Ranma's voice: How did she do that?

Akane's voice: She took out the greatest evil martial arts master in all
Japan with one blow...

Akane: Uh, Ranma?

Ranma: I'm kinda busy here, Akane.

Akane: Ranma?

Ranma: Not now, Akane!

Akane: RANMA!

Ranma: WHAT!?

(Ryoko stands in the background, patiently watching, interested.)

Cologne: Ranma, I don't think you realize the true strength of this one.

(Cologne motions to Happosai, who is just regaining consciousness.)

Ranma: Oh.

(Kuno charges Ryoko.)

Kuno: Very well, blue-haired one, if you defeat me I shall allow you to
date with me!

(Ryoko dematerializes, allowing Kuno to run into Mousse. Ryoko
rematerializes in the same place, facing Kuno now. Kuno gets up,
takes a whack from Mousse, knocks Mousse out with his bokken
and dusts himself off with great dignity.)

Kuno: You shall pay for that, my blue-haired goddess. I challenge thee!

(Ryoko cocks one eyebrow. Kuno charges again swinging his bokken
wildly. Ryoko summons her energy sword and reduces Kuno's bokken
to splinters. Happosai is seen in the background threatening Soun and
Genma who are apologizing profusely from a kneeling position. Mousse
gets back to his feet.)

Kuno: I submit. You may date with me.

(Ryoko floats over to Kuno, one hand on her chin, thoughtfully circling
him. She lands in front of Kuno and laughs. Kuno looks indignant.)

Ryoko: Enough of this.

(Ryoko back-hands Kuno, who goes flying into Mousse's stalagmite.
Mousse blindly hits Kuno.)

Ryoko: It's your fault I'm back in this rotten cave! I'm really mad --
all I want is revenge! Prepare to die!

(Ryoko summons a fireball and shoots it toward Ranma, who dodges.
The fireball strikes Happosai, and Genma starts stomping on him while
Soun pulls a large mallet from behind his back and smacks Happosai
with it. Ukyou is still cheering.)

Cologne: You kids have fun.

(Cologne backs away, afraid, and stands next to Shampoo who is now
cheering with Ukyou. Ryoga charges Ryoko.)

Ryoga: Bakusai tenketsu!

(The wall behind Ryoko explodes as Ryoga's finger makes contact.
Ryoko dematerializes so the blast doesn't harm her and rematerializes
next to Ranma. Ryoga charges again, finger extended, and strikes
Mousse's stalagmite, sending Kuno and Mousee flying into Soun and
Genma, knocking all four of them down, giving Happosai another
chance to revive. Ryoga, not one to give up, runs at Ryoko with finger
extended yet again.)

Ryoga: Bakusai tenketsu!

(Ryoko laughs hysterically, grabs Akane, and throws her in Ryoga's
path.)

Ranma and Ryoga: Akane!

(Ryoga veers while Ranma leaps in to rescue Akane. Ryoga runs into
a wall which explodes, and Ryoko puts him out of the fight with a
fireball from behind. Ranma puts Akane off to the side.)

Ukyou: Ranma-honey! I'll save you!

Shampoo: No, Shampoo save Ranma!

(Ukyou and Shampoo charge at Ryoko from opposite sides. Ryoko,
still laughing, dematerializes, allowing them to run into each other
which renders them unconscious. Happosai is seen in the background
clobbering Soun, Genma, Mousse, and Kuno. Cologne, Kasumi, and
Nabiki have become more interested in watching Happosai's battle
than Ranma's. Ryoko rematerializes in front of Ranma.)

Ranma: Kachu tenshin amaguri-ken!

(Ranma gets in a good hit. Ryoko, enraged, flies back and grabs 
Akane, summons her sword, and holds it to Akane's neck. Tenchi 
runs in, panting.)

Tenchi: Ryoko! That's enough! What are you doing?

(Ryoko drops Akane and her sword disappears. Akane rubs her
bottom which is very sore right now.)

Ryoko: Well, uh, I, they, it, er, was, uh...

Akane: You didn't have to drop me so hard.

(Tenchi turns to Ranma.)

Tenchi: I really want to apologize for Ryoko's behavior.

Ryoko: Oh, Tenchi, I'm sorry. What can I do to make it up, hm?

(Ryoko is hanging all over Tenchi, playing with his hair. Ranma blinks
with disbelief. Akane is still rubbing her bottom as she walks toward
Tenchi. Everyong is slowly regaining consciousness and watching
Tenchi and Akane.)

Akane's voice: He looks so much like Dr. Tofu.

Ranma's voice: He looks so much like Dr. Tofu. Uh-oh.

Tenchi: (to Akane who is standing directly in front of him) My name is
Tenchi.

Akane: (eyes shimmering) I'm Akane. Nice to meet you, Tenchi.
(Ryoga and Ryoko stare blankly at Tenchi and Akane with wide, hurt
eyes.)

Ranma: Hey, stupid, what do you think you're doing?

Akane: Shut up, Ranma. What does it look like I'm doing?

Ranma: I'd tell you what it looks like, but I don't want to embarrass
you.

Akane: Ooh...

(Akane rips a stalagmite from the ground.)

Ryoko's voice: She's not bad.

Tenchi: Uh, guys?

(Akane clubs Ranma over the head with said stalagmite. She
remembers suddenly that Tenchi is watching and innocently drops it
on Ranma. Ranma crawls back to his feet with a large bump on his
head.)

Akane: Oh, did I do that?

Ranma: Yes, you did.

(Akane swats Ranma without taking her gaze off of Tenchi.)

Tenchi: Ryoko, Washuu sent you to find out what was going on, not
to destroy the place!

(Team Ranma's eyes widen, Ryoko acts coy and embarrassed. Ranma
tugs on Tenchi's sleeve. Tenchi looks at Ranma.)

Ranma: Excuse me, did you say "Washuu?"

(Cut to Washuu's lab. Washuu sneezes.)

END.