Ranma Muyo! episode 4

title: Ryoko and Ayeka Face Competition
       Ranma's Not So Bad, Akane!


(The edges of the screen are fuzzy, indicating that what is shown is a
dream. In dream: flashback -- Tenchi holds Ranma-chan's hands
tightly and looks into her eyes.)

(Tenchi: I think I'm in love with you!)

(Now Ranma is sitting on a rock in some body of water. Several Kunos
and Tenchis are holding hands in a circle around him. They swim
around him like in Ranma's previous nightmare -- see Ranma 1/2 TV
Series episode 4.)

(Tenchi and Kuno: We love you, we would date with you. We love
you, we would date with you, etc.)

(End of dream. Ranma wakes up in a panic.)

Ranma: AHH!!!

(Ryoko floats through Ranma's wall, half-awake.)

Ryoko: Keep it down in here; how's a beautiful girl gonna get any
sleep if you make that kinda racket?

Ranma: I wasn't doing it for fun.

Ryoko: (yawn) Is that so? Well, what were you doing it for, then?

Ranma: You don't wanna know.

Ryoko: Oh, believe me, I do. An aqua-transexual that can block
Washuu's attacks screams in the middle of the night -- I wanna know
what's going on.

Ranma: I had a...nightmare.

Ryoko: Wait. Before you go any further, I have this one little question.

Ranma: And what would that be?

Ryoko: Are you really a boy, or a girl?

Ranma: HEY! I'M A GUY!

Ryoko: Okay, Okay! You're a guy, alright?

Ryoko's voice: Gotta admire his spirit.

Ryoko: So tell me about your nightmare.

(The screen's edges are fuzzy again; this is another dream. In dream:
false flashback -- Kuno faces Tenchi after regaining consciousness.)

(Tenchi: And what is she to you?)

(Kuno: I love her and would date with her. The virtuous Mihoshi!)

(Mihoshi leaps into Kuno's arms.)

(Kuno: Ah, Mihoshi, thou art as fair in knowledge as in hue. Consum'st
not thyself in a single life, but rather date with me!)

(Mihoshi sits across from Kuno in an ice cream parlor. They stare into
each other's eyes from above a shake with two straws in it.)

(End of dream. Mihoshi sighs with happiness, stands up, yawns, and
leaves her room.)

(The screen's edges are fuzzy yet again, indicating that this is a
different dream. In dream: flashback -- Kuno jumps into the lake to
save Mihoshi and hits his head on a rock. Mihoshi saves him.)

(Mihoshi: Ooh, are you alright?)

(Kuno: Stars, stars, pretty stars...)

(Mihoshi: Maybe this was meant to be!)

(The background fades into an endless darkness. Kuno is standing
in it, wielding his bokken. Hundreds of small Mihoshis come out of the
darkness and chase him. Kuno runs, screaming. The Mihoshis are
chanting.)

(The Mihoshis in unison: I love you, I would date with you!)

(End of dream. Kuno sits up in bed, eyes wide, gasping for air. After
a short moment the screen cuts to Ayeka walking past Kuno's room.
Ayeka hears Kuno scream, and sees him run out his door, down the
hall at top speed and into a wall. Ayeka blinks.)

Ayeka: Oh, my. I believe he's hurt. I better find Mihoshi.
-
(Ayeka walks down the stairs and into the dining room where Mihoshi
is talking to Ukyou and Shampoo.)

Mihoshi: So you see, I was just too excited to sleep!

(Ukyou looks she's just about to say something, but Ayeka interrupts.)

Ayeka: Do excuse me for intruding, but Kuno is upstairs, unconscious.
Mihoshi, would go see that he's alright?

Mihoshi: Oh! Of course!

(Mihoshi races up the stairs. Just as Ayeka is about to take a seat at
the dining table, Kuno and Mihoshi are heard in the background.)

Kuno: AHH!!!

Mihoshi: Now just hold still!

Shampoo: Shampoo think Mihoshi not tell whole story.

Ukyou: You're not kidding.

(Ayeka looks blank.)

Ayeka: So what are you girls doing awake this late?

Shampoo: Shampoo and Ukyou have important meeting.

Ayeka: Oh, really? What are you discussing?

Ukyou: Oh, nothing.

Ayeka: I see --

Shampoo: Ukyou help Shampoo marry Ranma!

Ukyou: Wait a minute! Ranma-honey is my fiancee!

(Shampoo pulls an old book from behind her back and holds it up to
Ukyou's face.)

Shampoo: According ancient Amazon law, Ranma Shampoo's woda
airen!

Ukyou: Not if I have anything to say about it.

(Shampoo's and Ukyou's battle auras glow.)

Ayeka: P-Please, calm down girls. Maybe I can help?

Shampoo: How you help?

Ayeka: Well, if you tell me exactly what you're trying to do...

Ukyou: It's simple. Shampoo and Ranma's cute fiancee, yours truly,
have a plan to break off Ranma-honey's arranged engagement.

Ayeka: You mean the boy in the Chinese clothing is engaged?

Shampoo: That right. Parents arrange, marry Akane.

Ayeka: Oh, I had no idea. They seem so...resentful of each other. So
what's the plan?

Ukyou: We noticed how Akane looks at Tenchi. Definite sparks. And
since Akane seems to hate Ranma-honey so much anyway, we figure
it should be real easy to make her and Tenchi a couple. All we need
now is a little cooperation from Tenchi's side, and --

(Ayeka drops out of her chair and onto the floor. Shampoo and Ukyou
look at each other, confused. Ayeka gets up, runs up the stairs, past
Kuno who is struggling with Mihoshi, and into Ryoko's room. Ryoko
is lying on her stomach in bed, reading a book. Ryoko looks up at
Ayeka who is catching her breath.)

Ryoko: Oh, you. Would you look at this book I found in Ranma's
room? It's really very good. About a boy and his father who travel to
China on a ten-year training mission, and -- ooh, wait, this is his
diary! No wonder the writing looked so funny. Let's skip to the good
part...

Ayeka: Ryoko, we need to have a talk.

Ryoko: Oh, really? That's great. Hey look at this! Ranma wore a pink
leotard to a rhythmic gymnastics martial arts tournament! Haha!

Ayeka: This is serious!

Ryoko: You don't say. Ooh, and look here: (reading) "She was so
cute and sexy, I should've known she was possessed by a demon
spirit. Akane was a lot nicer when she was evil. I will admit, though,
that she can be cute sometimes even when she's not being controlled
by a supernatural beast."

Ayeka: Would you listen to me!?

Ryoko: And here's his entry from when they arrived: (reading) "We 
were all in this weird cave, standing in some kinda crypt. Then out of
nowhere, this monster woman came" -- "monster woman?" Who does
he think he's calling a "monster woman!?"

(Ayeka laughs)

Ayeka: It serves you right.

(Ryoko grabs a pencil and starts crossing things out and adding other
things in Ranma's diary.)

Ryoko: I'll show him who's a "monster woman..."

Ayeka: I don't suppose it would interest you that the girl, Akane, likes
Tenchi.

(Ryoko is still playing with the diary.)

Ryoko: What's that?

Ayeka: And I don't suppose you'd care that Akane is engaged to
Ranma and that two other girls, Ukyou and Shampoo, don't like it.

Ryoko: Uh-huh...

Ayeka: And it might not even be that interesting to know that they are
planning to do everything in their power to make Tenchi and Akane a
couple so that Ranma will be theirs...

(Ryoko drops the diary.)

Ryoko: WHAT!? I already have enough problems with Tenchi in love
with the girl-Ranma, but then I don't have to worry about you at least
because you're no competition, and I didn't think Akane and Tenchi
could ever be a couple. I mean I noticed the way Akane looks at him,
but if she's got help then I'm --

Ayeka: Enough of the dramatics. We have to work together now. It's
two against three, but I have a plan. Two can play at their game.

Ryoko: Oh, yah?

Ayeka: What we have to do is convince Akane she'd be better off
with Ranma. Not only that, we need Ranma to think the same of her.

Ryoko: Hey, you might have something there. For such a spoiled,
naive little girl, that's pretty good.

Ayeka: Is that so!? Well, I think Tenchi would be far more interested
in a spoiled, naive little girl than a cruel, selfish, sagging monster
woman!

Ryoko: You Juraians, always so defensive. We don't have time for
this.

Ayeka: You're right, we need to get to work immediately. We'll start
by...

(The screen and Ayeka's voice fade. Clears on Tenchi and Kuno
outside, facing each other from a distance, both trying to look
intimidating to the other.)

Kuno: Let not my love be called idolatry! The pig-tailed girl and I have
an understanding of one another.

Tenchi: I didn't see her very impressed by you! It was my words
that moved her to speechlessness.

Kuno: Very well. I, Tatewaki Kuno, challenge thee!

Mihoshi: Tatewaki! There you are, I've been looking all over for you!

Kuno: AHH!!!

(Cut to the dining room where everyone but Ranma, Shampoo, Ukyou,
Ayeka, Ryoko, Tenchi, Kuno, and Mihoshi are enjoying breakfast.
They look out the glass door at Kuno who is running around in circles,
and Mihoshi who is chasing him. Tenchi stands by watching Kuno
and Mihoshi also.)

Happosai: Such control. I think through a little of my training Tenchi
could become a great martial artist.

Yosho: The boy has more than just "a little" to learn. What he does
learn, however, will come from me. On Jurai our sword play is superior
to any other races' known.

Happosai: I'd be willing to bet you Juraians never heard of Anything-
Goes Martial Arts!

Yosho: "Anything-Goes Martial Arts: a form of Kenpo practiced by only
two families on the planet Earth. Perfected by the greatest evil martial
arts master in all Japan, he taught it to two boys, Soun Tendo and 
Genma Saotome, and two girls who, for a while after that, believed
the master to be their father. The master was sealed away in a cave
with a few lit explosives. The Tendos moved on to found their own
Anything-Goes Martial Arts Training Hall. The Saotomes went on a
decade-long training mission in order to perfect their already
impressive skills." Book two of alternate dimensions, Insignificant
Martial Arts Forms. Entry provided by Washuu, "the most brilliant
scientist in the universe."

(Washuu is grinning widely.)

Akane: Wow.

Happosai: I could be wrong, however.

Cologne: Very impressive.

Happosai: I didn't think so.

(Ranma comes running down the stairs.)

Ranma: Okay, who's got it!? Who took it!? It was there last night and
now it's gone. I wanna know where it is, NOW!

Kasumi: Calm down, Ranma. Now what seems to be missing?

Ranma: Someone...has...my book...

Sasami: What book?

Ranma: Well, uh...it's not so much a book as...uh...

Genma: Just spit it out, boy.

Ranma: It's my diary, okay? Someone took my diary.

Ryoga: You keep a diary!? Hahaha...!!!

Ranma: Shut up, Ryoga!

Nabiki: I wonder who would want to see Ranma's diary. Do you know
anything about this, Akane?

Akane: What!? Why are you asking me? You don't think that --

Ranma: This is for the time I snuck into your room and read your
diary, right!? How did you know about that!? Look, Akane, just give it
back and --

(Akane's battle aura glows red.)

Akane: You WHAT!?

(Ranma freezes and tries to act cool.)

Ranma: Did I say I snuck into your room and read your diary? What I
meant was, uh...uhm...what I meant...was...

(Akane picks up a spoon and hurls it across the room at Ranma. It
hits Ranma so hard that he and it go flying into the next room.)

Nabiki: I guess you don't have it.

(Akane grits her teeth.)

Akane: Of course not.

(Shampoo and Ukyou poke their heads in from the dining room door.
They had obviously been listening.)

Ukyou: Poor Akane. Ranma is such a jerk, isn't he?

Akane: He sure is.

Shampoo: Not half nice as Tenchi.

Akane: Tenchi is very sweet, true.

Mousse: Oh, Shampoo! Tell me you don't really think that!

Shampoo: Mousse be quiet, I talking Akane.

(Mousse breaks into tears.)

Soun: Now, now, girls. We don't want anma-ray to look ad-bay to the
iancee-fay, now do we?

Akane: I don't believe this. Thank you, Kasumi, Sasami, breakfast
was delicious. I think I'll go for a little walk.

(Akane walks out the glass door to the backyard, past Kuno who is
unsuccessfully attempting to peel Mihoshi of him, and past Tenchi
who watches Akane storm off into the trees.)

Shampoo: No, Akane wait!

Ukyou: I think maybe we overdid it a bit.

(Cut to Akane walking slowly down a path in the midst of the woods
surrounding the Masaki Shrine. Her arms are crossed loosely, and she
is staring down at the path.)

Akane's voice: What is wrong with them? They think that if our parents
decide they want us married that it's set in stone. It's not like I'd
actually ever marry that pervert anyway...

(Ryoko materializes in front of Akane, and Akane jumps back in
surprise, trips over a rock and lands on her bottom. Ryoko helps her
up.)

Ryoko: Hi! Akane, right?

Akane: That's right.

Ryoko: Listen, I'm real sorry about that whole holding-my-sword-to-
your-neck thing. You understand, though, don't you? Of course you
do. You're so nice.

Akane: Oh, it's alright, I guess.

Ryoko: You know, I couldn't help but notice your boyfriend, Ranma.

Akane: He's not my boyfriend.

Ryoko: No? Oh, that's too bad, you make such an adorable couple.
And I happen to know for a fact that Ranma thinks you're cute.

Akane: (not impressed) Oh, really. And who did you hear that from?

Ryoko: Ranma himself said it.

(Akane continues walking. Ryoko floats behind her.)

Ryoko: You know, I thought it was so sweet the way he reflexively
rushed to save you when I threw you in the path of that lunatic yelling,
"bakusai tenketsu," what was his name? Oh, yah, sorry about that
also. I think that proves beyond any shadow of a doubt just how
much you mean to him. Don't you? (After a short pause.) Well, I guess
I'll leave you to it.

(Ryoko dematerializes.)

Akane: Maybe she's right. Ranma's not that bad after all. It could be
much worse.

Ayeka: That's the spirit.

Akane: Hm?

(Ayeka walks out from behind a tree. Akane stops.)

Ayeka: I apologize, but I couldn't help overhearing.

Akane: Ayeka, right?

Ayeka: Correct, and you are Akane.

Akane: Mm-hm.

Ayeka: This Ranma-fellow, I hear he's your fiancee.

Akane: By chance, not choice.

Ayeka: But I thought, after hearing what you just said...

Akane: A moment of weakness. Ranma is a selfish, arrogant pervert.
Can you believe that he snuck into my room just to read my diary?
And he blames me for stealing his.

Ayeka: That's so sweet!

Akane: What!?

Ayeka: Of all the diaries he could have read, yours was the one he
wanted to read.

Akane: You must be joking.

Ayeka: True love is never obvious. I believe you only find one person
like that in your entire life. Someone like oh, say, Tenchi would never
be as dedicated to you as Ranma is.

Akane: What does Tenchi have to do with any of this?

Ayeka: My! Look at the time! I must be going!

(Ayeka runs off down the path, leaving Akane standing there
wondering what she must have missed. Cut back to the Masaki home.
It's now evening and everyone but Akane, who is not home yet, is
relaxing. Mihoshi is hanging all over Kuno who is paralyzed on the
couch. Ryoga is leaning against a wall with his arms crossed. Ranma
races up the stairs, paranoically searching for his diary. Soun, Genma,
Happosai, Cologne, Shampoo, Mousse, Ukyou, Nabiki, Kasumi,
Ayeka, Ryoko, Tenchi, Washuu, Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, Yosho, and
Nobuyuki are all crowded around the TV. Akane walks in, arms
crossed. Ranma runs back down the stairs, sees Akane, and stops.
Akane catches his gaze for a minute and walks up the stairs, going
right past him as if he weren't there.)

Ranma: Akane...

(The program on TV ends.)

Kasumi: Alright everybody, it's time to go to bed.

Everyone but Ranma and Kasumi: Ahh...

Kasumi: Now, now.

(Everyone but Mihoshi and Kuno trudge upstairs. Mihoshi is clinging
to Kuno's arm and a thought bubble forms above her head. In the
bubble first is a still-screen of Kuno and Mihoshi getting married. Then
in the bubble is an image of Mihoshi and Kuno holding a baby.)

Mihoshi: Kunoshi. That's what we'll name our first child!

(Mihoshi sighs and Kuno shivers. Cut to an outside view of the Masaki
home, all the stars shining in the background, and Azaka and
Kamidake stand guard at the gate.)

Azaka: Ah, another beautiful night on planet Earth.

Kamidake: Could anything be more serene?

(Screen fades to black on Azaka and Kamidake sighing with content.
In the blackness Kuno comes running and screaming right into an
invisible surface -- the screen. He slides down the surface and behind
him Mihoshi stands lovingly.)

END.