Ranma Muyo! episode 5

title: Akane's Anger Released
       It's Really Not Ranma's Fault This Time!


(Open on Ukyou and Shampoo in the baths.)

Ukyou: That's it!

Shampoo: Now we for sure get Ranma away from Akane!

Ukyou's voice: Finally, Ranma-honey and I will be a couple...

Shampoo's voice: Finally, Ranma marry Shampoo...

(Ukyou and Shampoo sigh. Outside the baths, looking in through a
crack in the screen, are Soun, Genma, and Nobuyuki -- all
wearing the traditional pervert garb about their faces.)

Genma: Move over, let me see!

Nobuyuki: Didn't I tell you this would be fun?

(Genma and Soun nod happily. Ukyou and Shampoo open the screen
and look down at the trio who blink with surprise, fall back in horror,
smile innocently, and run away screaming with Ukyou and Shampoo
right behind them. Cut to the Masaki's backyard, where Yosho and
Happosai are exchanging words.)

Happosai: Anything-Goes Martial Arts is one of the most feared karate
forms known. If Tenchi became my pupil he could rival even Ranma.

Yosho: Why would he want to rival Ranma? Tenchi's skill already
surpasses his with the Juraian techniques I've taught him.

Happosai: Could Tenchi challenge Washuu and have any chance of
defeating her?

Yosho: W-Washuu?

Happosai: Through my teachings Ranma is capable of humbling the
most intimidating of adversaries.

Ukyou: YOU PERVERTS!!

Shampoo: YOU COME BACK HERE!!

(Happosai and Yosho form defensive stances back to back,
preparing for the worst. Genma and Nobuyuki run right into
Happosai and Yosho, sending the masters flying in opposite directions.
Soun comes running through, followed by Ukyou and Shampoo who
are brandishing toiletries and using towels to cover everything
important. Happosai instinctively chases after the pretty ladies. They 
all disappear into some other bushes.)

Yosho: That was interesting.

(Genma, Soun, and Nobuyuki come racing back out of the bushes
still pursued by Ukyou, Shampoo, and Happosai, a swift Soun in the
lead now.)

Genma and Nobuyuki: Wait for us, Soun!!

(The procession disappears again into the trees. Cut to Mihoshi who
is standing outside Kuno's room, pounding on the door. Kuno is
standing on the other side of the door, doing his absolute best to bar
it. In the next room, Ryoko is lying on her bed, reading Ranma's diary.
Ayeka is sitting by the bed.)

Ayeka: That's the plan. Are you listening to me Ryoko?

(In the kitchen, Sasami, Kasumi, and Cologne are preparing breakfast.
Assimilated Ryo-Ohki is trying very hard to reach over the counter and
grab a carrot. Tenchi walks in.)

Sasami: Tenchi, could you get some more carrots?

(In the living room, Ryoga, Nabiki, and Mousse are watching TV. In
Washuu's lab, Ranma is strapped in an unusual device, stripped to
his underwear, hanging by his feet. Washuu walks menacingly toward
him in her nurse get-up.)

Ranma: Wha-What are you gonna do to me?

Washuu: Mwahahahahaha...

(Back upstairs in Akane's room, Akane is just waking up. She sits up
in bed, yawns, and looks out her window to see Genma, Soun, 
Nobuyuki, and Happosai getting pummeled by Ukyou and Shampoo.
Akane gets out of bed.)

Akane: Honestly, don't they ever grow up?

(Back in the kitchen, Genma, Soun, and Nobuyuki stumble in --
mangled, mauled, battered, and generally roughed up. Ukyou and
Shampoo stand in the next room -- which, incidentally, is the living
room -- with their arms triumphantly crossed. Nabiki looks at Ukyou
and Shampoo's handy-work.)

Nabiki: And what did they do to deserve that?

Kasumi: Oh, my.

Shampoo: Stu-pid peeping toms watch Shampoo take bath!

Ukyou: You perverts...

(Mousse looks angrily at the perverts. Genma, Soun, and Nobuyuki
look worried. Mousse races toward them, yelling at them, and
chases them back outside. Akane trudges down the stairs sleepily.)

Ryoga: Akane!

Akane: (yawns) Good morning, Ryoga.

Nabiki: And here descends Sleeping Beauty.

Akane: (sarcastically) Good morning to you too, Nabiki.

Kasumi: Did you sleep well?

Akane: Yes, very, thank you, Kasumi. I haven't had a single nightmare
since we came here.

(Ranma comes charging out from Washuu's lab, panting.)

Akane: Yet...

Ranma: That woman's crazy! Do you know what she tried to do!?

Nabiki: What?

Ranma: (embarrassed) Uh, nevermind.

Sasami: What? Tell us.

Ranma: Er...nothing. Haha...uh...yah. Nothing at all!

(Outside the Masaki home, standing at the gates are Azaka and
Kamidake.)

Azaka: Looks like the beginning of another fine day.

Kamidake: Yes, indeed.

(Kuno screams in the distant background. Now it's the middle of the
day. Genma and Ranma are in their room, meditating on their heads.)

Genma: You know, boy, you and Akane haven't been getting along
very well recently.

Ranma: So? How'm I supposed to get along with that stupid, violent
tomboy?

Genma: Exactly. That's why I've been thinking that maybe it would be
a good idea if we broke off this whole engagement thing.

(Ranma falls over and sits back up quickly.)

Ranma: What!?

Genma: You heard me, boy. Not only would you be free of Akane,
but also of the resposibilty of carrying on the Anything-Goes Martial
Arts legacy. Besides, don't you think Tenchi and Akane would make
a much better couple?

Ranma: Well, I...uh...

Genma: I've been talking with Nobuyuki and Soun. They agree fully!

(Ukyou and Shampoo stick their heads in the door.)

Ukyou: That's an excellent idea!

Shampoo: Akane and Tenchi make such cute couple!

(Ryoko and Ayeka pop out from behind some furniture.)

Ryoko: Bad idea -- terrible!

Ayeka: Ranma and Akane are perfect for each other!

(Ranma by this time is nowhere in sight. Ukyou, Shampoo, Ryoko,
Ayeka, and Genma all crowd around the window which is open and
see Ranma racing toward the Masaki fields.)

Ranma's voice: Stupid, stupid, stupid Akane! This is one time
it isn't my fault!

(Tenchi is busy at work in the fields when he sees Ranma come
running over a hill toward him. He watches as Ranma stops, assumes
an attacking stance, and looks directly at Tenchi.)

Ranma: Tenchi Masaki...I CHALLENGE YOU!

Tenchi: What!?

Ranma: You heard me! I challenge you for...

(Ranma looks around to be sure that no one else is within audible
distance. He looks a little nervous.)

Ranma: I challenge you for...for Akane.

Tenchi: Akane? You don't have to -- I love the "pig-tailed girl."

Ranma: WHAT!? That's it...FIGHT ME!

(Ranma charges Tenchi. Tenchi runs toward Ranma, falls back and
slides between Ranma's legs, right past him. Ranma turns around,
and Tenchi is in front of him.)

Ranma: Kachu tenshin amaguri-ken!

(Ranma punches, but they are blocked by an invisible force.)

Tenchi: The Wings of the Light Hawk. With them protecting me, you
can't touch me.

Ranma: What!? No fair!!

(Tenchi jumps into the air. Ranma jumps after him.)

Ranma: Ha! You just made a fatal mistake! The Saotome School of
Anything-Goes Martial Arts prides itself on mid-air battle!

(Ranma tries to kick Tenchi repeatedly.)

Ranma's voice: My attacks can't touch him. How can these Wings of
the Light whatever be so powerful?

(Tenchi flips over Ranma and lands back on the ground. Ranma flips
and lands behind Tenchi. They both turn to face each other.)

Tenchi: Why are we fighting? This is pointless!

(Ranma takes a deep breath and puts down his guard.)

Ranma: I suppose you haven't heard, then.

Tenchi: Heard what?

Ranma: Nothing. Just answer me one thing.

Tenchi: Uh, sure.

Ranma: What do you think of Akane?

Tenchi: Well, she's very sweet. Definitely very cute. Why?

Ranma: Ha! You only think that because you don't know her like I do.
For one thing, her cooking is toxic. The only human who can eat her
slop is Ryoga, but then he don't really count as human. She's also
strong as a boy, and she has the body to match. And you haven't
seen her when she's angry; she has the worst temper.

(Ranma gets a sly look on his face.)

Ranma: And there's one more thing...

(Akane is outside the Masaki Shrine, practicing and wearing her
yellow gi. Tenchi comes to the top of the steps and is seen walking
toward Akane in the background.)

Tenchi: Hi, Akane!

(Akane stops and looks at Tenchi with big bubble-eyes.)

Akane: Tenchi! What brings you all the way over here?

Tenchi: I was just going to practice a little.

Akane: Really? Listen, why don't we train together? Maybe we can
help each other.

Tenchi: That's a good idea.

(It's now evening and Tenchi and Akane are walking down the steps
that lead away from the Masaki Shrine after finishing their practice.)

Tenchi: Akane, can I tell you something?

Akane: Of course, Tenchi.

Tenchi: I really think you're cute.

(Akane smiles at Tenchi and turns red.)

Tenchi: And I think it's a real shame that you hate boys.

Akane: What? I like you, though, Tenchi.

Tenchi: But Ranma told me --

Akane: What did Ranma tell you?

Tenchi: Then you mean it isn't true that you prefer --

(A far away shot of the Masaki steps is shown before Tenchi can finish
his sentence. Akane is heard very loudly from below.)

Akane: WHAT!?

(Ranma and Genma are practicing by the lake in the moonlight.
Ranma kicks Genma into the lake, transforming him into Panda-type.
Ranma looks up to see Akane staring directly at him from a distance,
her battle aura glowing formidably. Ranma and Genma look worried.)

Ranma's voice: I have never seen her give off so much energy...

Akane: (controlled) Ranma...

Panda: (sign) This doesn't look good, boy.

(Panda crawls out of the lake and runs away.)

Ranma: A-Akane, what's the matter?

Akane: You know exactly what the matter is...how DARE you!? How
DARE you sabotage me like this!? I don't know what you think you
were doing...but I am going to make you pay for it...

Ranma: You got it all wrong, Akane! Y-You don't understand! Let me
explain!!

Akane: There is no explanation for this...I just experienced the most
humiliating moment of my life...AND IT'S ALL YOUR FAULT!!!

(Genma comes running up to Ranma, dripping with hot water.)

Genma: What have you done, boy!?

Ranma: Nothing! I had a talk with Tenchi and that was it!

Genma: What did you say to him? What's wrong with you, boy!?...
This is because of what I told you before, isn't it? I was lying -- I
thought you knew!!

Ranma: WHAT!? Y-You were LYING!? What would you go and say
a stupid thing like that to me for!?

Genma: It was a joke! I wanted you to realize that you had to be nicer
to Akane!

Ranma: You stupid old man!

(Ranma kicks Genma into the lake again. Panda-type Genma pulls
himself out and runs off to the sidelines where everyone from inside
the house has come out to see what is causing such commotion.
Ranma looks over at Akane who is on her knees, crying. Ranma
looks around nervously and walks over to Akane even though he's
being watched.)

Akane: How could you hate me this much?

Ranma: I...

(Akane's battle aura glows again. She stands up and laughs under
her breath. Ranma backs away, very much afraid. A pan shot of the
onlookers reveals each of their surprise. Soun is crying. Akane
punches Ranma, and even thought he tries to block it, it hits him very
hard, knocking him to the ground.)

Akane: Ranma, I'm done playing games.

Ranma: Akane!!

Akane: This time, you fight me. If you don't, it will only be easier for
me to exact my revenge.

(Akane charges Ranma, who is standing again, and slugs him in the
stomach. Ranma's eyes bulge as he goes flying a good ten feet.)

Ranma's voice: I had no idea she was so strong. Why am I
defenseless? If I can't block her hits, I'll have to dodge them.

(Akane comes after Ranma again. She punches and he flips over her
head. She spin-kicks and Ranma bends over backwards to avoid it.
She charges him punching and kicking, but Ranma backs up dodging
them each. Ranma's in a panic, "on his toes.")

Ranma's voice: I've completely run out of ideas! How can this possibly
be happening?

Akane: I lost Dr. Tofu and now Tenchi. I'm not sitting down and letting
you do this to me!

Ranma's voice: "Not sitting down...?" That's it!

(Ranma stops and Akane, caught with surprise, hits him with full force,
sending Ranma into flight. Rather than get up, Ranma sits where he is,
closes his eyes, and awaits the worst.)

Akane: What do you think you're doing!? Get up!!

Ranma: No.

(Akane stops where she is and her battle aura dies down.)

Ranma: I won't fight you, Akane.

(Akane is crying again.)

Akane: Ranma, you JERK! How can you do something like this to me?

(Akane shakes weakly. Ryoga rushes to catch her as she faints.
Ranma looks ashamed. Ryoga glares at Ranma. Tenchi is running
toward the lake from the Masaki Shrine steps.)

Tenchi: Akane? Akane! I had no idea anyone could run that fast...

(Tenchi walks over to Akane. The rest of the onlookers move in
closer as well. Ranma is still sitting. A tear wells in his eye as
everyone else goes to the house to put Akane in her bed. After
they've all disappeared from sight, an apparition forms over the lake
and speaks to Ranma.)

Tsunami: Ranma...

(Ranma looks up.)

Ranma: AHH!!

(Ranma jumps back.)

Tsunami: Don't be afraid. I am Tsunami. You had the right intentions
today, but you went about what you did entirely wrong. Akane's
always harbored good feelings for you, but many recent circumstances
have caused her pain. Do not feel bad for what happened today,
rather try to be more honest with not only Akane, but with yourself.

Ranma: I don't know what you're talking about.

Tsunami: You will.

(Tsunami fades, and Ranma is left standing by himself as dawn
breaks.)

Ranma: I don't get it. It seemed as though my emotions weren't
controlled entirely by me today...stupid Akane...

(The screen goes black.)

END.