Ranma Muyo! episode 6

title: Ayeka Loves Ranma
       Can Ranma Handle Another Fiancee?

(Flashback: Ryoko is lying on her bed, reading Ranma's diary. Ayeka
is sitting near her.)

(Ayeka: That's the plan. Are you listening to me, Ryoko?)

(Ryoko: Yah, I was listening. So all I've gotta do is get the potion
from Washuu's lab and you'll take care of the rest, right?)

(Ayeka: Yes.)

(Ayeka is in the dining room by herself in the morning. Everyone's
places are set. She pours the liquid contents of a small vile in Ranma's
drink. She quickly hides it in her pocket as everyone is coming down
the stairs for breakfast. Ranma sits down and immediately starts
drinking from his cup. End of flashback.)

(Ryoko has a cloth tied around her face and is sneaking around
Washuu's lab, carrying the vile. She walks up to a small cabinet and
is just about to place the vile there when Washuu pops up in front of
her.)

Washuu: So that's where my love potion went.

(Ryoko turns around and tries to look innocent.)

Ryoko: "Love potion?" Is that what this is? Well, uh...I thought it was
hair tonic.

(Ryoko puts the vile in the cabinet, smiles, and runs swiftly out of the
lab.)

Washuu: Oh.

(Ryoko and Ayeka are in their room, sitting across each other at a
table, resting their heads in their respective hands.)

Ryoko: Damn. It backfired.

Ayeka: Ranma should have been completely in love with Akane...
willing to do anything for her.

Ryoko: I don't get it. It shoulda worked.

Ayeka: Did you see how angry Akane was? Ranma must have done
something terrible to her.

Ryoko: Unless that was his sick way of showing unrelenting love...

Ayeka: Impossible. He seemed very jealous, though -- perhaps that is
a side effect.

Ryoko: I doubt it.

Ayeka's voice: With this sort of luck on our side, I'll never be able to
succeed in marrying Tenchi. Damn that Ranma.

(Ryoko and Ayeka hear a loud voice from outside.)

Ryoga: RANMA! I CHALLENGE YOU!

(Ryoko and Ayeka race to the window to see what's going on. Now
focusing on Ryoga and Ranma who are by the lake in the Masaki's
backyard.)

Ranma: What!?

Ryoga: What you did to Akane was inexcusable!

Ranma: It's not my fault. I don't what happened, Ryoga, but I wasn't
me yesterday.

Ryoga: You're not going to escape it, Ranma. You must be taught a
lesson! Toying with Akane like that...I CAN'T BARE TO STAND BY
AND LET THAT HAPPEN!

(Ryoga charges.)

Ryoga: DIE, RANMA!

Ranma: You've got to be kidding me!

(Ranma jumps back to avoid Ryoga's punch. Ranma spins around
and kicks Ryoga, who is thrown across the yard. Ryoga gets up. This
time Ranma is charging. Ryoga turns away from Ranma and ducks,
grabs his arm it punches the air above him, and Ryoga throws him, by
the arm into a tree. Ranma, enraged, runs toward Ryoga who is also
lunging -- toward the ground in front of Ranma.)

Ryoga: Bakusai tenketsu!

Ranma: Bakusai tenketsu block!

(Ranma stops Ryoga's breaking point attack, and smashes his own
head against Ryoga's. Ranma releases Ryoga who backs away,
dizzy. When Ryoga regains his balance he looks at Ranma who is
laughing, and he charges again, finger extended.)

Ryoga: Bakusai tenketsu!

(Ranma jumps back and Ryoga's finger makes contact with the
ground, which explodes. The shrapnel flies in all directions, Ayeka
and Ryoko, who are standing by watching, see the incoming rocks.
Ryoko dematerializes. Ayeka is hit with one of the larger rocks and is
knocked unconscious. Ryoko rematerializes, looks down at Ayeka,
and walks away, uninterested. Ranma, upon seeing poor Ayeka,
kicks Ryoga into the lake and runs over to her. He picks her up and
takes her inside the house. P-chan jumps out of the lake and squeals
angrily, looks around to make sure no one has seen him, walks into
the shack by the Masaki home where carrots are stored, and starts
heating up a kettle. P-chan sees a shadow coming up behind him so
he quickly fwips around and assumes a defensive stance. Because
it's only Ryo-Ohki he pays attention his kettle again, ignoring the
cabbit. Ryo-Ohki looks P-chan over curiously, makes a happy "meow,"
and cuddles up to him. P-chan, pretty much indifferent to the whole
thing, pours the hot water on himself and transforms back into Ryoga.)

Ryoga: There, you see? Now leave me alone.

(Ryo-Ohki is surprised for only a moment, but then assimiltaes into a
young lady -- not a little girl, a young lady -- and gives Ryoga a hug.
Of course Ryo-Ohki doesn't have any clothing on at the moment, and
Ryoga gets a bloody nose. He runs out of the shack, screaming,
Ryo-Ohki right on his tail. Soon Ryoga finds himself lost in the woods
surrounding the Masaki home and Ryo-Ohki leaps on him again. Back
at the Masaki home, Ranma has taken Ayeka to her room and put
her in bed. Ranma is sitting next to her, waiting for her to get up.
Ryoko is leaning against a wall, arms crossed Ryoga-style. When
Ayeka starts to open her eyes Ranma and Ryoko lean over her. They
are the first things Ayeka sees.)

Ranma: Hey, she's awake.

Ryoko: Gee, Ayeka, you look like hell.

Ayeka: You're so funny, Ryoko!

Ryoko: What? Are you feeling alright?

Ayeka: Why, I feel fine. Thank you.

(Ayeka looks at Ranma and turns bright red.)

Ayeka: Oh, hello, Ranma.

Ranma: Yo, Ayeka. You took a bad knock, but I think you'll live.

Ayeka: Thank you, Ranma.

Ranma: Huh?

Ayeka: For being so concerned about me. That's so sweet of you.

(Ranma is caught somewhat aback.)

Ranma: Yah, okay.

(Tenchi walks in.)

Tenchi: Ayeka, I heard you got hurt. How are you feeling?

Ayeka: (looking displeased upon seeing Tenchi) Oh, it's you. I'm fine
I guess. Ranma, would you like to take me for a walk? I need some
fresh air.

(Tenchi and Ryoko are completely confused. Ranma shrugs his
shoulders, helps Ayeka up, and they both leave the room. Ranma and
Ayeka are outside the Masaki home. Ranma closes the back door,
and Ayeka takes his arm. Ranma is paralyzed.)

Ayeka: Shall we?

(Ayeka lets out a girlish laugh and begins leading Ranma into the
woods. Back in Ayeka's room Ryoko and Tenchi are still staring
blankly at nothing, wondering what must have happened.)

Ryoko: That was...weird.

Tenchi: I think we better talk to Washuu about this.

(Washuu, Tenchi, and Ryoko are sitting around Washuu's lab.)

Washuu: So? What's so strange about Ayeka wanting to go for a
walk?

Ryoko: You don't understand, mom. Tenchi was right there, and she
wanting to go on a walk with Ranma. She was even rude to Tenchi.

Tenchi: And Ayeka was nice to Ryoko.

Washuu: Now that sounds a bit more serious. Tell you what, let's get
her in here and I'll run a few tests on her. Did anything out of the
ordinary happen that might trigger this sudden change in Ayeka's
personality?

Ryoko: Gee, I dunno...

Tenchi: Well, she was unconscious for a while because something hit
her head. That's what Ranma told me when he brought her in.

Washuu: That's very suspicious. Bring her in here after dinner and
then we'll all know for sure.

(A flying aquirrel glides through the trees of the woods surrounding the
Masaki home and right into Ranma's face. Ayeka is still clinging to his
arm.)

Ranma: Ahh! Get this weird thing offa me!

Ayeka: Oh, Ranma, you're so silly.

(Ranma swats the squirrel off his face and it continues flying merrily
on its way.)

Ranma: Ayeka?

Ayeka: Yes, Ranma?

Ranma: What's wrong with you?

Ayeka: "What's wrong?" What a strange question.

Ranma: Are you like, mad that you got hit with that rock? 'Cause if
you are, don't be. That was Ryoga's fault; you should go bug him.

Ayeka: I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about.

(Ayeka gives Ranma a small kiss on the cheek, freezing him.)

Ayeka: You worry too much. Come along, then.

Ranma's voice: Something's not right here. What's going on!?

(In Akane's room, Akane is just waking up. Soun, Kasumi, and Nabiki
are all crowded arounde her bed. Soun cries with joy.)

Nabiki: I believe it's alive.

Kasumi: Oh, Akane, are you okay?

Akane: Of course, Kasumi. Why wouldn't I be?

Kasumi: Well, after yesterday I thought maybe...

Akane: What's that about yesterday?

Nabiki: You mean you don't remember?

Akane: Remember what?

Kasumi: Oh, dear.

Nabiki: There has to be some way I can turn this to my advantage.

Soun: Oh, Akane! You're awake at last! How your father's worried
about you!

Akane: It's okay, Dad, really. I'm okay.

Soun: You don't know how happy you've made your father, dear.
Come along Kasumi, Nabiki, let Akane get her rest.

Kasumi: Yes, of course.

Nabiki: See ya later, sis.

Akane: Bye!

(Soun, Kasumi, and Nabiki exit.)

Akane: Now that was a strange wake up call. Did something happen
yesterday? I don't think anything important did. I'm going to take a
bath.

(Akane leaves her room and walks out to the baths.)

Akane: Looks like I have the place to myself.

(Akane jumps in and walks over to the back. She sighs and then
hears voices.)

Shampoo: Ryoko and Ayeka making this very difficult.

Ukyou: But yesterday, that was a sight. Definitely a move in the right
direction.

Shampoo: You right.

Ukyou: That Chinese jealousy powder you slipped into Ranma's drink
sure did the trick. What was that stuff's name again?

Akane's voice: Chinese jealousy powder? Geez, what did happen
yesterday?

Shampoo: Akane too too easy fool.

Ukyou: If she just keeps on hating him like this Ranma-honey will be
mine in a matter of days!

Shampoo: Ranma be Shampoo's!

Ukyou: I don't think so, honey. Ranma's my fiancee.

(While Shampoo and Ukyou are fighting, a thought strikes Akane.)

Akane's voice: So that's how they want to play it. I'll put an end to
this. Sure it will be nauseating work, but if being nice to Ranma will
stop this, I'll do it.

(Ranma and Ayeka are still walking deeper into the woods. They hear
a scream and see Ryoga run past them at an incredible speed, Ryo-
Ohki barely able to keep her grip on his arm.)

Ranma: Ryoga? Oh, man, we must be lost. Let's turn back, okay,
Ayeka?

Ayeka: If you like.

(Later that day, in the evening, back at the Masaki home, Kasumi,
Nabiki, Soun, Panda-type Genma, Nobuyuki, Happosai, Cologne,
Ukyou, Shampoo, Mousse, Mihoshi, Kuno, Ryoko, Sasami, Yosho,
and Washuu are all crowded around the TV. Ranma comes walking
in with Ayeka grasping his arm lovingly. Everyone ignores the TV and
watches the couple. Ayeka smiles and Ranma looks like he would
rather not be where he is. Akane appears at the top of the stairs in a
pretty yellow dress, her hair shining, seeming as though she's spent
a good long time trying to look so nice. The TV crowd looks on,
impatiently waiting to see what she'll do to Ranma. Their eyes bulge
and their jaws practically fall to the floor in unison when Akane races
down the stairs and gives Ranma a long, friendly hug. Ayeka stares
at Akane, fuming mad. Ranma is paralyzed for the second time. All but
Akane and Ayeka appear to be in complete shock -- especially Ukyou
and Shampoo. After everyone has regained their sense, Ayeka voices
her opinion on the matter.)

Ayeka: You Jezebel! How dare you, you take your hands off him.

Akane: What!? Look who's talking. Ranma is my fiancee.

Ranma's voice: I missed something. I know I missed something.

(Kuno is crying in the background, as is Soun.)

Soun: Oh, Akane, do you mean it? I'm so happy!!

Nabiki: Now this was unexpected.

Kasumi: Does this mean you're ready for bridal training, Akane?

Panda: (sign) Way to go! Congratulations!

Ranma: What're you talking about, pop!?

Akane: Is it so strange for a girl to like her fiancee?

Cologne: Not in most cases.

Shampoo: But Akane...

Ukyou: Akane...?

Akane: What?

Ukoyu: After yesterday...yesterday you...uh...

Akane: What? What is so special about yesterday?

Ranma: You really don't remember?

Akane: Whatever happened yesterday was obviously so unimportant
that I've forgotten all about it.

Washuu: Now's our chance!

(Washuu and Ryoko grab Ayeka, who is kicking and screaming to be
released, and start dragging her into Washuu's sub-dimesional lab.)

Mousse: What are you doing to Shampoo!?

(Mousse clings onto Ayeka and he gets taken into the lab along with
her. Tenchi follows. Akane gets a disgusted look on her face for only
an instant, then turns, smiles, and drags Ranma over to the couch
and sits the both of them down between Ukyou and Shampoo.)

Ukyou's voice: Oh, boy, if she doesn't, remember then I'm going to
have to come up with a better plan or Ranma-honey will marry Akane.

Shampoo's voice: Ranma no can marry Akane. This not fair. Shampoo
will think of something.

Ranma's voice: This is way too weird for me. I'm gonna pretend nothing
is happening...AHH! She's squeezing my arm...you know, when I think
about it she's actually kinda cute. This can't last for long. Hey, I
wonder whatever did actually happen to my diary.

Akane's voice: I hope I won't need to keep this up for more than a
couple days. What did happen yesterday? Everyone seems so
certain that I'd hate Ranma for something that happened...yesterday...
but, I don't...don't remember. Oh, well. I'll talk to Washuu about it
later.

(Down in Washuu's lab Ayeka is strapped in a chair with a large device
on her head. Ryoko and Tenchi are in the background, trying to calm
Mousse.)

Mousse: My darling Shampoo! I will free you!

Ryoko: You moron, that's not Shampoo.

Tenchi: It's only Ayeka. Calm down!

Ayeka: How could you do this to me, Ryoko? I can see where Tenchi
might sink so low as to abduct me like this, but Ryoko, you and I are
best friends!

Ryoko: Hey, mom, hurry up with that. What is she talking about?

Tenchi: Ayeka, I'm sorry if I did anything to make you mad at me.

Ayeka: I don't want to hear about it. Hey, what are you doing Lil'
Washuu!?

Washuu: This won't hurt a bit. Just hold still!

(Washuu gives Ayeka an electric shock.)

Ayeka: Ouch!

Mousse: Shampoo!

Ryoko: How many times do I have to tell you that's Ayeka, not
Shampoo, you idiot!

Mousse: Huh?

(Ryoko and Tenchi release Mousse, and he moves in for a closer
look.)

Mousse: Oh, so it's not. I see.

Ryoko: Duh.

Tenchi: Let me show you out, Mousse.

Mousse: I can find my own way out.

(Mousse walks away, looking dignified, and right into a wall.)

Ryoko: That guy is a lost cause.

Tenchi: Are you almost done there, Washuu?

Washuu: Aha, uh-huh, hmm, uh-huh, uh-huh...of course!

Ryoko: So what's up?

Washuu: Or maybe not...hmm...

(Ryoko and Tenchi sigh.)

Washuu: I've got it! Selective amnesia!

Ryoko: Care to elaborate, mom?

Tenchi: But that doesn't make much sense, Lil' Washuu. Wouldn't
selective amnesia mean she'd forget something entirely? She seems
to have different memories of Ryoko, Ranma, and myself.

Washuu: Well, Ayeka does have selective amnesia which appears
to center around you two and Ranma, but somewhere she remembers
being deeply in love with someone and hating someone. That
explains you and Ranma. She mixed you up, Tenchi, because
Ranma's was the first face she saw.

Ryoko: Then what about me?

Washuu: That's a little more interesting. Ayeka's memory of hating you
was so great that it simply reversed itself, therefore making her
believe you were close friends.

Tenchi: What can we do?

Washuu: We can wait. Eventually something will trigger her sub-
conscious memory; until then try to continue with life as usual.

Ryoko's voice: This could work to my advantage -- with no Ayeka I
only have Akane to compete with. Oh, wait! What if she sides with
Ukyou and Shampoo? Now that she likes Ranma that's a possibility.
Ooh, four against one. I don't like it.

Ayeka: Uhm...would one of you care to release me?

(Fade to black on Ayeka struggling to free herself from the device,
and Washuu, Ryoko, and Tenchi pondering.

END.