You know it happened ... yet another Kireihana-produced anime royal 
rumble ... but
this time with two new gimmicks: Not 30, but 40, yes count them, 40 
contestants from
several different animes, here to decide ... who the best FEMALE 
fighter is in anime!
That's right, this competition is WOMEN ONLY!!!!  

As before, no one knows who all 40 contestants are, and 40 names have 
been put into a 
hat, and at random, drawn out, 1 - 40. Every 2 minutes, a new fighter 
will enter the ring. 
A fighter is eliminated when they either fall on the ground out of the 
ring, or are killed ... 
and don't worry, we have a fresh set of Dragonballs ready just in case! 
Without further
ado, let's ring the bell and begin ...

RING!!!!

(Announcer) And the crowd is booing, because up first, with unlucky 
number one, here
comes Sailor Uranus, Haruka Tenou!!

(Haruka jogs down the aisle in her Sailor Uranus outfit and leaps over 
the rope into the
ring!

(Announcer) Haruka, any thoughts on being the first fighter in?

(Haruka, pounding her fists) Bring 'em on. I'll take all 39 of 'em out. 

RING!!!

(Announcer) And the crowd is cheering, as who should come, but Kiyone 
Makibi, the
space cop from Tenchi Muyo!!!!

(Kiyone runs into the ring, leaps over the top with a flying karate 
kick aimed at Sailor
Uranus. However, Haruka blocks it, and soon the two are using various 
martial arts/
kickboxing techniques on each other )

(Announcer) And this one is getting intense right from the start! 
Neither one is giving
an inch!

(Haruka) Give up, there's no way you can win!

(Kiyone) Funny, I was about to say the same thing to you, you know that 
skirt is
rather ridiculous, too.

(Haruka) Oh come on, you know you like it.

(Kiyone, charging again) Says who?!?!

RING!!!!

(Announcer) The audience gasps ... as here comes .... Mihoshi from 
Tenchi Muyo,
Kiyone's ditzy partner!

(Mihoshi stumbles over the announcer's table, knocking it over) Oops, 
excuse me.
Sorry. My fault.

(Kiyone, dodging Haruka as she looks over) Mihoshi!!!! Get in here and 
give me a
hand!

(Haruka) This should be interesting. It'd be nice if Michiru were here, 
ah well, I won't
need her to take you two down.

(Mihoshi climbs into the ring, but gets tangled in the ropes) Owww! 
Kiyone I'm stuck!

(Kiyone jumps back from her fight with Haruka and walks over to 
Mihoshi) You
bubblehead, here, hold on.

(Announcer) Kiyone's giving Mihoshi some help ... no doubt to attempt a 
double team
on Sailor Uranus ... and wait a minute, Haruka's charging up ...

(Haruka) Uranus ... WORLD SHAKING!!!!

(Announcer) I don't believe it! Kiyone and Mihoshi have both been 
knocked out of
the ring early! Haruka's waving to the booing crowd! 2 down, 38 to go!

(Kiyone, on the ground) Mihoshi you are UNBELIEVABLE!!! We could have 
won if
you hadn't messed up. One by one!

(Mihoshi, crying) Sorry Kiyone, WAAHHHH!!!

(RING!!!)

(Announcer) Wait ... where's the fourth fighter?

(Haruka looks around the stage) I guess she didn't want to show up. She 
must have 
known she didn't stand a chance.

(Sakura petals fly through the air as Haruka looks up into the rafters)

(Haruka) What is this?

(Announcer) I don't believe it, it's Kayura from Ronin Warriors!!! 

(Kayura) You seem to handle yourself pretty well, little girl, but not 
good enough
to fight me. Feel the slice of my Starlight Swords!!!!

(Haruka dodges just in time as Kayura's attack lands, but soon Kayura 
is behind her
and hacking away with her swords. Just as Kayura has her cornered ... )

(RING!!!!)

(Announcer) The crowd's going wild! Everyone's on their feet, it's 
Ryoko from
Tenchi Muyo!!! Yes, we have 3 Tenchi Muyo characters in the top 5! 
Amazing!

(Ryoko flies in as Kayura watches, her sword under Haruka's neck)

(Ryoko) This looks like fun. (smirks) Take this! (fires a huge energy 
blasts which 
Kayura dodges in time)

(Announcer) The blast was on target, but Kayura was too quick! Too bad 
for Sailor
Uranus, she's collapsed in the corner of the ring ... I think she's 
still alive ... maybe ...
This fight has gotten intense very quickly! Kayura is charging Ryoko, 
and they seem
evenly matched! Ryoko's pulled out her energy sword and ... I can't 
really tell who's
gonna survive this matchup ....

(RING!!!)

(Announcer) The pre teen boys are whistling, just about everyone else 
is booing, here
comes Fatal Fury's own ... Mai Shiranui!!!! Mai is bouncing into the 
ring, her fans
pointed at Kayura and Ryoko!

(Mai) Now it's time for me to show you my Shiranui style of martial 
arts! I'll be the 
winner of this tournament!

(Andy) Mai, quit prancing around and get to business! Those girls are 
stronger than you
think!

(Mai) Right Andy!!!

(Ryoko) So, two for the price of one, eh? Come get some, little girl! 
(flies up)

(Kayura) I don't know what you're planning, but it won't work ....

(Mai) YAAABOO!!!! 

(Announcer) With a war cry, Mai Shiranui has attacked Kayura, but  ... 
Kayura has
knocked her out of the ring with one punch? Mai has been eliminated! 3 
down, 37
to go!

(Andy) MAI!!!!

(Ryoko) TAKE THIS!!!!! 

(Announcer) Ryoko has fired yet another HUGE energy blast! But Kayura 
leaps over
to the rope, and up in the air ... this is turning into a good fight!!!

(RING!!!)

(Audience is silent)

(Guy in the audience) Is that Storm?

(Guy2) I thought it was anime only this time ...

(Announcer) Er ... yes ... our 7th contestant is Pirotess, from Lodoss 
War!!!

(Pirotess leaps into the ring quickly and disarms Kayura of her 
Starlight Swords)

(Kayura) WHAT?! Impossible!

(Ryoko) Take this, witch!!! (punches Kayura, knocking her through the 
wall)

(Announcer) And Kayura has been eliminated, thanks to Pirotess' 
disturbance.

(Pirotess arms herself with the starlight swords, looking up at Ryoko) 
Not bad ....

(Ryoko sneers) Ready to try me on?

(Pirotess nods, before moving quickly and getting a slice out of Ryoko)

(Announcer) I think Ryoko underestimated the dark elf's speed ... 
Pirotess is proving
to be even better than Kayura with the starlight swords ... this is a 
good matchup ....

(RING!!!)

(Announcer) There's some purple haired guy booing in the distance ... 
who is he?

(Filia, walking down the aisle) Stupid Mazoku.

(Xellos) I just knew you'd show up to a barbaric activity like this. 
You don't see we
Mazoku involved, do you?

(Filia, now in the ring, growling)

(Announcer) Please .. ma'am ... control yourself ....

(Filia) I'll show you control!! YAHHH!!!

(Announcer) And Filia's launched a HUGE explosion ... I think that got 
Ryoko and
Pirotess' attention, as they quickly dart out the way, Pirotess once 
again landing on 
the ropes .... but it blew Sailor Uranus out of the ring ... 

(Haruka, landing in the first row) Where am I? ... Oh, I'm supposed to 
be fighting ...
d**n ...

(Announcer) And Haruka has been eliminated!!

(Filia) @.@ (faints)

(Announcer) Well, with that out of the way, Pirotess and Ryoko are 
going back at it
again! This fight is intense ... 

(RING!!!)

(Announcer) And strolling into the ring ... it's .. it's Sailor Pluto?

(Sailor Pluto) This fight is beneath me. I came because of they which 
were here. 
(Steps into the ring and steps out while Ryoko and Pirotess look at her 
funny ) I have
no interest in competing. Should I win, it would mess up the space/time 
continuum.

(Ryoko) You're just scared, that's all!

(Announcer) It seems that Sailor Pluto has ... eliminated herself? 
Well, Ryoko and
Pirotess have seen this as a green light to continue their matchup .... 
and ....

(RING!!!!)

(Announcer) BOOO!!! I mean .... *er* I have to remain impartial ... and 
the crowd is
half cheering and half booing as Akane Tendo from Ranma 1/2 enters the 
ring ...

(Akane Tendo mallets the announcer) Who asked you, you jerk!!!

(Announcer has birdies flying over his head)

(Akane Tendo enters the ring) Who wants to be first?

(Pirotess) You annoy me, kid.

(Ryoko laughs) Well, isn't this interesting. I guess it's time for me 
to show you all
what I'm *really* made of. I've been holding back this whole time, you 
know.

(Pirotess's eyes widen as Ryoko continues to laugh)

(Announcer) Is Ryoko telling the truth? Will she win the tournament? 
With 30 fighters
left to go, who knows?

(RING!!!)

End Part I






Part II

(RING!!!) And here comes our 11th fighter ...

(Ayeka) I should have known you'd come down here, Ryoko! How dare you!

(The audience is booing, the announcer is cheering, that is, until he 
get pelted with
rotten tomatoes)

(Ryoko) Ah, come on, let me win this tournament, and dedicate the win 
to Tenchi.
How's that sound?

(Aeka) No way! I'll be the one to win and dedicate it to Tenchi!

(Ryoko and Ayeka begin arguing in the center of the ring as Pirotess 
and Akane watch
with sweatdrops on the side of their heads. Filia is slowly coming too, 
but clearly 
irritated by the argument. Finally ... )

(Filia) Will you two SHUT UP?!!! (two crashes)

(Announcer) Filia has used her mace to send Ryoko and Ayeka crashing 
out the ring!
They're still richocheting in the rafters ... and out the window, 
bouncing off of
various buildings outside! Both have been eliminated!

(Ryoko, landing) I showed .. her ....

(Filia is standing in the center of the ring, enraged, holding her 
mace, as Akane and
Pirotess gawk at her) What are YOU TWO looking at?

(Akane) Nothing ....

(RING!!!)

(BLAM!!!)

(Filia, getting hit by a blast) ARGH!!!

(Announcer) And Filia's been caught off guard and blown out of the 
ring! She's
transforming into a dragon!!!!

(Filia) Yeah, now I'll show you, no one blindsides me ... er ....

(Filia-dragon is standing on the ground outside the ring) What ... just 
happened?

(Announcer) And the crowd is going nuts! It's Lucrezia Noin from Gundam 
Wing,
flying into the ring inside her Taurus mobile suit ... wait, is that 
legal? ... I'm getting
word ... it's legal!! Pirotess is attacking with her Starlight Swords, 
Akane with her
mallet ... and with one mighty swing of the suit's arm, both have been 
knocked out of
the ring! Noin has cleared the ring!!!

(Zechs) This is the way battles are to be fought. However, Noin, your 
opponents were
clearly nowhere close to a match for you.

(Noin) Aw can it, I'm here to make sure we win this thing.

(RING!!!)

(Announcer) And the audience is booing ... as Chi Chi, from Dragonball 
Z, is entering
the ring!

(Chi Chi) Will all of you SHUT UP!!! You all need to study ... that's 
why MY GOHAN
is home right now studying ... Gohan if you're watching this, you 
better get back to
reading, mister!!

(Gohan, back at the house) Aw mom, no fair ...

(Chi Chi looks up to find herself being picked up by Noin's Taurus and 
hurled out
of the ring)

(Chi Chi) AAAAHHHH!!!!!

(Gohan) Mom!!

(Announcer) And just like that, Chi Chi has been eliminated! 

(RING!!!)

(Announcer) And the crowd is giving up applause, as Fuu Hououji, from 
Magic Knights 
Rayearth, enters the ring!!!

(Ferio) Go, Fuu! That Mashin can't stop Escudo! Escudo is the ultimate 
metal!

(Zechs) Is Escudo stronger than Gundanium?

(Announcer) Er ... that's just an ordinary Taurus.

(Zechs) ....

(Fuu) This could be a problem, but I think I know how to defeat it ...

(Announcer) And Fuu is attacking with her special Escudo arrows! 
They're piercing
the metal shell of Noin's Taurus!!! And yet another arrow ... this one 
knocks the
left arm off of the mobile suit!!! Noin's in trouble!!

(Noin, screaming in pain) I shouldn't have underestimated her ... I 
have to get rid of her ...

(Fuu) One more should (screams as the right arm of the Taurus picks her 
up and tosses
her out of the ring)

(Ferio) FUU!!! (catches her)

(Fuu) Thank you, Ferio ... (passes out)

(Zechs) Noin, you were too careless. This will cause your defeat ....

(Noin) It's not over yet, Zechs!

(RING!!!)

(Announcer) Will our next fighter be able to take advantage of Noin's 
disabled Taurus
suit?!

(Crowd cheers as the 'Sailor Venus' theme plays loudly, about 3 signs 
saying " Marry
me, Mina", causing her to blush and consider taking them up on their 
offers)

(Announcer facefaults) I'm afraid not ...

(Sailor Venus) I'm Sailor Venus, and on behalf of the Planet Venus I'm 
here to defeat
monsters like you!

(Noin) Kid ... get out of the way ...

(Sailor Venus) Venus ... love .... chain ... HEY!!!!

(Sailor Venus is out of the ring) Hey you can't attack until I release 
the attack!

(Noin) Doesn't work that way in Gundam Wing, kid.

(Venus) What kind of world do you live in, anyway?

(Zechs) A world torn with meaningless war. A world, that should not 
exist. I demand 
the destruction of the planet Earth.

(Announcer) Er ... yeah ... and Sailor Venus comes up short! I don't 
know if anything
can stop a mobile suit!

(RING!!!)

(Announcer) YES!!!! I mean ... the crowd is cheering wildly as our next 
fighter is
Kauru Taurus, from El Hazard!!!!

(Kauru) I ... I don't know ... that machine is so big ... 

(Miz) Aw don't worry, Kauru, you can handle it, just remember 
everything I've taught 
you.

(Kauru) Ok ...

(Fujisawa, drunk) Oh when the saints *hic*

(Miz hits him with a chair) Masamichi pay attention!

(Fujisawa) OW Miz!!

(Announcer) There looks like more action down in the stands than in the 
ring, but,
here comes Kauru Taurus, ready to fight Noin, in her Taurus mobile suit 
... wait, did
I get that right?

(Noin advances on Kauru with her suit and tries to pick her up and toss 
her, as before,
but Kauru screams and somehow avoids the right arm of the Taurus)

(Noin) D**n, if only I still had both arms. That Fuu girl really 
handicapped me.

(Announcer) I don't know how Kauru is managing to elude Noin, but it 
looks like
she might hang in there for awhile ... as long as Noin doesn't get a 
hand on her ....

(RING!!!!)

(Announcer) And the crowd rises to their feet, cheering wildly ... as 
running into the 
ring ... is Ranma Saotome?

(Ranma-chan) Well, ain't I eligible? I *am* a girl.

(Announcer) I guess so.

(Ranma cracks her knuckles, as she leaps in front of a cornered Kauru, 
in a battle stance.)

(Ranma) Stand back, I'll handle the bucket of bolts here. KACHU TENSHIN
AMAGURIKEN!!!!

(Zechs) NOIN!!!

(Announcer) And Ranma's technique is battering the mobile suit! It 
can't keep up! I
don't believe this! Ranma is winning!

(Noin) I need to get out of this thing before it explodes!!! (leaps out 
just as the Taurus
blows up)

(Ranma) Well, that takes care of that.

(Noin is now standing in the center of the ring)

(Ranma) Who are you?

(Noin, hands up) I'm the pilot of that Taurus mobile suit you just 
destroyed ... with
your bare hands. That was impressive.

(Ranma) Yeah, don't I know. Now, I hate to eliminate you two, but ...

(RING!!!)

(Announcer) The crowd's cheering wildly again! Because here comes ... 
Dragonball
Z's own Videl!!!

(Videl flies in wearing her Great Saiyaman 2 costume)

(Ranma) Another mobile suit?

(Videl) hi

(Ranma) What are you supposed to be?

(Videl takes off the costume and helmet, revealing her normal fighting 
gear) My name
is Videl, and I'm a martial artist. I'm here to win this tournament.

(Ranma, getting into battle stance) Says who?

(Noin eyes Videl) Er ... I guess the two of you are pretty much beyond 
my level. I'll
be going now. To fight any more would be meaningless.

(Announcer) And Lucrezia Noin is stepping out of the ring! 15 down, 25 
to go!

(Videl) Red, I hope you know what you're getting yourself into. (gets 
in battle stance)

(Ranma-chan) I was about to say the same thing to you.

(Announcer) And Ranma and Videl are going at it!!! Ranma seems to have 
an 
overwhelming edge as Videl is getting knocked backward!! But wait .... 
Videl has soared
into the air!!

(Videl, out of breath) I can't believe how strong she is .... it's 
amazing .... I'll have
to rest up here before fighting her again ...

(Ranma-chan) Hey, you can FLY? No fair!!!

(RING!!!)

(Announcer) And floating into the ring is our next fighter! 

(Guy1) Who is that green-haired chick?

(Guy2) I dunno, but she's cute, let's cheer for her!

(Announcer) It's our favorite alien oni, Lum, from Urusei Yatsura!!!!

(Lum) Where's darling?

(Ataru, sitting on the front row) 40 babes ... fighting each other ... 
this is awesome!!!

(Lum) ATARU!!! (glomps him)

(Ataru) LUM!!!!

(Lum) I'm gonna win it just for you! (flies into the ring as Ranma, 
Videl, and Kauru look
on)

(Ranma-chan) This is patently unfair, I didn't know these people could 
fly ... wait a 
minute ... I see now ... if I use my chi just right ....

(Announcer) I don't believe it ... but Ranma is starting to levitate 
into the air! Ranma's
learned to fly!!!

(Ranma-chan) That's right! I can't believe how easy this is! I bet 
there's an anime
where everyone can fly! Ah well ... now let's see ....

(Videl) This isn't good ....

(Announcer) And with one swift kick, Videl has been eliminated!!!!

(Videl, hitting the ground) ow!

(Ranma-chan flies over to her) Thanks for the new technique, now I 
can't lose! I can
even beat the old ghoul with this! (grins as he/she turns to Lum) Your 
turn.

(Lum) I wanna .. win!!! (fires electricity at Ranma)

(Ranma) Oh yeah! Mouko Takabisha!!!!

(Announcer) Ranma's confidence is at an all time high since she's 
learned how to fly,
and Lum goes sailing out of the ring, landing ... in Ataru's lap!

(Ataru) Lum, get off me!

(Lum) Darling!

(Announcer) Now that Ranma's learned how to fly, can anyone beat her?

(Ranma-chan eyes Kauru and floats down, but before she can make a move 
...)

(RING!!!)

(Announcer) And the crowd goes wild, as here comes Yuri from Dirty 
Pair!!!

(Announcer gets socked in the face) I mean Heavenly Angels!!!

(Yuri) That's better! (jumps into the ring with a ray gun)

(Ranma-chan) Crap! I thought this was no weapons!!!

(Yuri) Eat it, kid! (fires her blaster at Ranma, who's dodging in the 
air)

(Ranma-chan) Wow I can't believe how easy flying makes fighting! I'll 
(grins) never lose
another fight! (dodges Yuri's blasts with ease)

(Announcer) And with 20 fighters in and 20 left to go, it seems that 
Ranma has
taken complete control of this tournament! Will she win?

END PART II






PART III

(RING!!!)

(Announcer) And coming into the ring next is none other than the Magic 
Knight Rayearth
herself, Hikaru Shidou!!!!

(Guy1) Hey, she looks just like Ranma!!!

(Hikaru enters the ring, escudo sword drawn)

(Hikaru and Ranma-chan) What?!

(Yuri) Which Ranma do I shoot at?

(Hikaru, hyper and excited as she accidentally knocks Yuri out of the 
ring, rushing
over to Ranma-chan) Hey, we look JUST alike! Maybe we're related!!

(Ranma) Wouldn't surprise me in the least, knowing pop.

(Hikaru) I think it's cool that you can fly.

(Ranma-chan, thinking) D**n, I can't attack someone that looks just 
like me!!!

(RING!!!)

(Announcer) And the crowd is rather divided on this one, some 
vociferous boos, and some
loud cheers, here comes Umi Ryuuzaki from Magic Knights Rayearth!!!

(Umi) Hikaru, get back to business. Why don't we combine powers and get 
rid of her!

(Hikaru) Right! I'll use my fire power and you use your water power!

(Kauru) Water power? I have water power too!

(Umi) Then use it! It'll take all 3 of us to beat him, and since Fuu's 
gone, we'll have to
rely on you!

(Kauru) Right!

(Ranma-chan) Bring it on, then.

(Hikaru, Umi, and Kauru combine their attacks ... the result ... a 
steaming hot stream of
water that catches Ranma-chan off guard, hits him, and converts him 
back into 
Ranma-kun)

(Umi) What? He turned into a guy! What kind of trick is this?

(Ranma-kun) I *am* a guy! And if you think that's gonna beat me ....

(Announcer) Now the judge says that Ranma is disqualified!!!!

(Ranma-kun) WHAT?

(Umi) That makes sense, this is girls only.

(Ranma-kun, flying away) Nuts. I hate water. Always changes me when I 
don't wanna
be changed.

(RING!!!)

(Announcer) And our next contestant is ...

(Scene, from the locker room)

(Sailor Mercury) I guess it's my turn. It'll be a little hard, with two 
other girls in there
with water powers, but I'll manage ...

(A skinny red metallic hand reaches in and grabs Ami by the head and 
snatches her away)

(Announcer) And our next fighter is .... Hexadecimal from Reboot!?!? No 
way!!!

(Hex) The little blue haired girl was more than HAPPY to give me her 
spot, heheheh.
(walks into the ring, before jumping up close to the camera) Now I'm 
gonna have some
FUN!!!!

(Kauru's eyes widen as she looks at Hexadecimal) she looks like a B ... 
B ... BUG!!!
AHHH!!!!! (huge explosion follows)

(Announcer) I don't believe it ...  Kauru's fear of bugs has caused her 
to once again
lose control of her power ... and Hexadecimal, Umi, and Hikaru have ALL 
been
blown out of the ring and eliminated!!! 

(Hexadecimal) How droll.

(Miz) Kauru, you've done it! Now just hold out and you can win it!

(Kauru) Really?

(Zechs) How amazing ... through her own fear she has been able to take 
command of
this battle.

(Announcer) Are you joining me here, Miliardo?

(Zechs) Sure, why not.

(RING!!!)

(Announcer) Only the otakus are cheering, the rest of these guys don't 
know who this
is ... but we welcome ... Akari Kanzaki, champion from Battle Athletes 
Victory!!!

(Akari) Well, since our anime is all about women competing 
athletically, I *have* to be
here to win!!!

(Miz) Kauru, use your water powers!

(Kauru) Right!!! (fires water blasts at Akari)

(Announcer) And Akari is dodging the blasts ... but wait ... Kauru just 
nailed her, and
over the ropes Akari goes! She has been eliminated!!!

(Zechs) Now that Kauru has realized her power, it will be very, very 
tough to eliminate
her from here out.

(Kauru is similing as the bell rings again)

(RING!!!)

(Announcer) And here comes Kei from Dirty Pair, er I mean .... 

(Announcer gets punched HARD)

(Zechs) You asked for that one.

(Announcer) And there goes Kei, over the ropes, and sent out by a water 
blast, in
record time! Can't say I'll miss the b***h.

(RING!!!)

(Announcer) And ... what's this? Floating into the ring is none other 
than the Magic
Knights Rayearth ex-villainess Caldina!!!

(Caldina floats into the ring with a flourish, then looks at Kauru) Hey 
there, suga' ...
hope you weren't plannin' on stayin' long.

(Kauru) Where are you from? What's with that accent?

(Caldina) Let me put it like this, hon ... when we drove up to Jackson 
Mississippi, we 
used to call that "goin' up north".

(Kauru) Ok ... I'm gonna hate to do this, but ... (fires water blast)

(Announcer) And it looks like Caldina will be ... wait!!!

(Kauru stops firing as Mizuhara Makoto appears before her) Makoto? But 
....

(Caldina fires a blast and knocks Kauru out of the ring) YAH!!!!!

(Announcer) WTF? How did that just happen?

(Caldina) I forgot to mention ... I'm a master illusionist, dear. None 
of ya'll stand a chance.
Sorry, dear.

(Zechs) That could be a problem.

(Caldina looks at Zechs) Who are you, sugar?

(Zechs) I am a soldier unfit for anything, but the horrors of battle. 
My hands are stained
with blood. I ...

(Caldina) Yeah, yeah, I get the picture ....

(RING!!!)

(Announcer) I think the crowd is booing vociferously ... as Sailor Moon 
enters the ring!

(Sailor Moon, crying in the center of the ring) It's not fair, 
everyone's booing at me!
I ... I didn't even want to come to this stupid thing! WAAAAHHH!!!!

(Caldina) Listen, girl, um ... er ... maybe I can make you feel better! 
(starts one of
her illusions, but before she can, a rose lands in front of her)

(Tuxedo Mask, music plays) This is her first time fighting in public, 
in front of the
readers, have a little patience. Now, Sailor Moon!!!!

(Sailor Moon) Right ... Moon ... what? (an image of the four Sailor 
Soldiers appears in
front of her) I can't fight them, they're my friends ...

(RING!!!)

(Sailor Moon is getting beaten up by the images ... )

(Sailor Moon) I can't ... fight my friends ...

(Sailor Mars) Does it look like I'm one of those images?

(Sailor Moon) What are you doing here, Rei?

(Mars) Well, it just so happens my number was next. Mars Celestial Fire
Surround! ... (whatever else she says)

(Caldina) NO!!!!!

(Announcer) And Sailor Mars has eliminated Caldina the illusionist!!!

(Sailor Moon) Rei!

(Sailor Mars) Get it together, meatballhead! We've still got 12 more 
fighters left to go.
Hopefully some of them will be on our side.

(Moon) Right!

(RING!!!)

(Announcer) And the crowd is going wild! Our next contestant, making 
her way to
the ring ... is Ukyou Kuonji, from Ranma 1/2!!!!

(Ukyou races down the aisle and leaps over the top rope into the ring, 
before looking
at Sailor Moon and Mars and falling over laughing ... out of the ring, 
that is ... )

(Ukyou) That is so funny ... what are you two WEARING?! (tears in her 
eyes)

(Sailor Moon) It's not funny!

(Ranma-kun) Ucchan ... er ... you fell out of the ring ... you're 
eliminated before you
even started ...

(Ukyou) I know but it's so FUNNY!!! (still laughing)

(Sailor Mars) Hmpf

(Zechs) That's an original battle technique. Amuse your opponent into 
defeat. 

(Announcer) Er ... yeah ... well ... Ukyou Kuonji has surpassed Kei for 
having the quickest
elimination time yet!

(Zechs) I believe Sailor Pluto had the quickest time, because she chose 
not to battle,
exhibiting total pacifism as practiced by the Sanque Kingdom ....

(Announcer) ^_^;

(RING!!!)

(Mars) Get ready, Serena ....

(Moon) It's LITA!!!!

(The crowd rises to their feet, cheering; Several "marry me, Lita" 
signs are all over the
crowd, guys throwing themselves at her feet as Sailor Jupiter walks 
toward the ring)

(Sailor Jupiter) All right! I got #30 and the only ones in the ring are 
you two! We'll
show them we're the best!

(Mars and Moon) Right!!!

(Announcer) Well, with 30 fighters come, 27 gone, it seems that three 
Sailor Scouts
band together ... will they be able to defeat whatever else comes and 
win this tournament?

(Zech) It looks that way.

(Announcer) Stay tuned ... 

END PART III





PART IV

(Announcer) We're back ... and here comes our next fighter ...

(RING!!!)

(The Sakura Taisen music plays as Sakura Shinguuchi flies into the ring 
in her pink
mecha. Several banners with Sakura's face on them fly through the crowd 
as she
lands in the center of the ring, sword drawn, ready to face the 3 
Sailor Soldiers)

(Zechs) Interesting mobile suit. So ...

(Announcer, drooling) She's cute ...

(Zechs) Who is she?

(Announcer) Er, yeah, Sakura Shinguuchi from Sakura Taisen. 

(Sakura) Ok ... leave quietly or I'll have to force you to go ... ok?

(Sailor Jupiter) No way I'm losing to some piece of junk! (uses her 
thunder attack whose
words escape me at the moment to totally electrify the mobile suit. 
Sakura screams and
falls out of the suit just as it blows up)

(Sailor Moon) Allright Lita, you got her!

(Sakura) It's not ... that easy ... (attacks Sailor Jupiter)

(Announcer) And it seems Sakura isn't done yet! Sakura Shinguuchi and 
Sailor Jupiter
are going at each other, it's dead even!

(Sailor Moon) Go Lita! Go Lita! It's your birthday, go Lita! (gets hit 
by Rei) OW!!!

(Sailor Mars) Pay attention!

(Sailor Moon) Right ... uh ... (looks over at Zechs) WOW!!! (runs out 
of the ring and
stands in front of him, eyes flashing with hearts) Who are you?

(Sailor Mars) Of ALL the meatball-headed .... DARIEN, remember?

(Sailor Moon) Oops!!!! Er ...

(Zechs) -_-; I believe you've lost, because you lacked the focus of a 
warrior.

(Sailor Moon stomps back off to the locker room)

(Announcer) That ...

(RING!!!)

(Announcer) This ... is bad.

(Zechs) Oh?

(The crowd is cheering madly, heavy metal music playing in the 
background, as #18
from Dragonball Z flies into the ring)

(Sailor Mars) !!!!

(18) Comical.

(Lita and Sakura look up at 18, who's grinning)

(Sakura) Something's not right about this ....

(18 fires a volley of energy blasts into the ring which have Sakura, 
Lita, and Rei
scrambling for their lives ... under the ropes and out of the ring.)

(Announcer) And for the fourth time today a fighter has managed to 
clear the ring!

(Zechs) No, Sakura is still in it ... she flipped up to the top rope 
and has her sword 
stretched out.

(Announcer) YES!!! I mean ... it looks like Sakura wants to challenge 
18!

(18, smirking) Get real, kid. (fires a bunch of energy blasts which 
Sakura manages to
swat away with her sword as it glows)

(Zechs) I believe this girl is doing even better without that strange 
mobile suit she arrived
in. 

(Treize) It proves that it is not the mobile suit that is important, 
but the 2 fighters, dueling
for honor, on the battlefield.

(Zechs) I wondered when you would arrive.

(18 is still taking pot-shots at Sakura, but Sakura is advancing on 
her. Lita has her
arms wrapped around Zechs, but he doesn't seem to notice ... or maybe 
he does ... )

(RING!!!)

(Shampoo's theme music plays as Shampoo from Ranma 1/2 rides down the 
aisle in
her bicycle, getting a mixture of cheers and boos, as she somehow 
bounces the
bicycle into the ring and onto 18's face)

(Shampoo) Ramen delivery!

(18) Get off my face ... (swats Shampoo out of the ring and through the 
roof)

(Shampoo) AI- YAH!!!!!

(Sakura) O.O

(Announcer) And just like that, Shampoo has been eliminated!!

(Sakura) YAH!!!!!

(Treize) This duel is getting pretty good.

(Zechs) ...

(Announcer) And Sakura is using her cherry sword technique, and 18 is 
dodging
her fury, but there's so much energy 18 can't get a clear attack in! 
This is a good
matchup! And ... 18 flies up over the ring, but Sakura ... is flying 
too? Amazing! How
far does her power go?!

(Sakura is chasing 18 around the ring with her sword)

(RING!!!)

(female voice) 
OHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOOH
OHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

(half the audience runs in fear of the horrible laugh)

(Announcer) Oh no ... it can't be ... but it is ... Kunou Kodachi, from 
Ranma 1/2!!!

(Kodachi twirls her gymnastics ribbon around as she prances into the 
ring, looking
up at Sakura and 18)

(Sakura) Hey, the rose petal move is MY technique!!! 

(18 hits Sakura when she's not looking, knocking her down into the 
canvas. However,
she then falls victim to Kodachi's black rose petals, which put her to 
sleep as she also
falls to the canvas)

(Kodachi laughs again, and more audience members flee)

(Sakura, covering her ears) Make it stop ... MAKE IT STOP!!!!

(18, asleep) zzzzz

(RING!!! is hardly heard over Kodachi's laugh)

(Kodachi) And just who will be next? (gets greeted by a knuckle 
sandwich which
sends her flying across the top rope)

(Announcer) And Kodachi has been eliminated, for the good of our 
tournament, by
A-ko, from Project A-ko!!!

(A-ko bows, before 18 comes to and punches her in the gut)

(A-ko) Fine. Let's get busy ( begins trading blows with 18.)

(18) You should know, kid, I've been holding back so far. No more! That 
crazy girl
with the roses and the laugh made me angry. 

(Sakura sees 18 starting to press her advantage) I'll help you, A-ko!!!

(A-ko) I've got it ... I hope .... 

(Announcer) And now Sakura and A-ko are ganging up on Android #18!!!! 
The fighting
in there is INTENSE!!!

(Zechs) Yes, but 18 is not tiring. Sooner or later, she will take 
command of this war.
I don't see how anyone can stop her.

(18) Take this!!! (fires energy blasts with each hand which send A-ko 
and Sakura into
the ropes)

(Sakura) ouch ... (knocked out)

(A-ko) She's ... just too much (falls over)

(RING!!!!)

(Announcer) I think the crowd's booing on this one.

(Zechs) Does this girl know she's supposed to fight?

(Sylphiel) Excuse me (climbs into the ring near A-ko) maybe I can be of 
some help.

(Announcer facefaults) Sylphiel, from Slayers ...

(18) ??

(Sylphiel casts a spell which instantly restores A-ko and Sakura to 
full fighting power)

(A-ko) Round 2, robot.

(Sakura grips her sword as she and A-ko double-team #18 again)

(Sylphiel) So glad to help ...

(RING!!!)

(Afura Mann, the wind priestess from El Hazard, is about to walk out, 
when a pink haired
girl runs in front of her dribbling a basketball. A black, metal 
basketball with cat ears)

(Afura Mann) What is that?

(little girl) It's Luna-B. Catch! (tosses the ball HARD at Afura Mann, 
knocking her into
the wall. The little girl's eyes then glow red as she walks away)

(Announcer) And our next contestant is ....

(Audience is completely silent, stunned, except for one man in the 
audience that cries
"NO!!!")

(Announcer) Wicked Lady, the final supervillain from Sailor Moon R?

(Wicked Lady floats into the ring, surrounded by red sparkling energy) 
That's right.
Why can't I come and win this tournament?

(Sakura, gripping sword) I'm not afraid of you ... whoever you are ... 
(charges
Wicked Lady, only to have a huge blast of energy knock her back into 
Sylphiel,
through the ropes, and out of the ring)

(Announcer) Amazing! Just like that, Sylphiel and Sakura are gone!!!

(Wicked Lady) Who's next?

(18) Her power level isn't that high ... so she must be using some kind 
of powerful
magic ...

(A-ko) We'll see what she's got ... (leaps up and hits Wicked Lady 
square in the nose,
knocking her back into the cheap seats)

(Wicked Lady) What ... happened?

(A-ko) See, that wasn't so bad ...

(Audience is shocked)

(Treize) It seems she was vastly overrated.

(Zechs) No, A-ko is good, she's really a great fighter.

(Announcer) I don't believe it ... after all that, Wicked Lady didn't 
even last 2 minutes!

(A-ko turns to 18) Now where were we?

(18) I was kicking your butt.

(A-ko, charging 18) Says who?!

(RING!!!)

(Announcer) And the crowd's cheering, here comes fighter #38... Shayla-
Shayla, the fire
priestess from El Hazard!!! ( again, I'll call her Shayla^2 to save my 
fingers)

(Shayla^2) Looks like a fun party. Guess you guys won't mind if I 
join!!! (launches
huge fire explosion which A-ko and 18 leap back from)

(A-ko) *whew* 

(A ribbon suddenly wraps around A-ko's leg and pulls her over the top 
rope and
down on the ground)

(Shayla^2) What?

(18) What was that?

(Kodachi, laughing) Now I have my revenge!!! That's what you get for 
eliminating
me earlier!

(Announcer) And A-ko has been eliminated ... by Kodachi?! But Kodachi's 
gone
already!

(A-ko) No fair ... I can't be eliminated by someone who I threw out of 
the ring already!
(begins climbing back through the ropes while 18 and Shayla^2 look on)

(Treize) I believe that A-ko should be allowed back in. This undermines 
all fairness in
wars and battles.

(Announcer) Well, unfortunately, the rules say that if you make contact 
with the ground
outside the ring, you are eliminated. They don't make any provisions 
for HOW you do
it ... if you hit the ground outside the ring, you're gone.

(A-ko, crying) It's no FAIR!!!!!

(Kodachi, laughing again before A-ko growls and chases her out of the 
arena)

(RING!!!)

(The crowd is rather ambivalent to the next fighter, however ... )

(Annoucer, holding up a "Marry me, Neptune" sign) Michiru! Michiru!!!!

(Zechs) You are supposed to be impartial.

(Announcer) But it's Sailor NEPTUNE!!! Oh ... alright, our next fighter 
is Michiru
Kaiou, from Sailor Moon!!!

(18) I don't see what the big deal is.

(Sailor Neptune climbs through the ropes and into the ring, looking 
around)

(Announcer has hearts in his eyes)

(Shayla^2) One things for sure ... if the writer has it bad for her, 
he's gonna cheat for
her. We better gang up on her now. (Fires huge fire blast at Neptune)

(Neptune) Neptune ... DEEP SUBMERGE!!! (Fires her water attack at 
Shayla^2)

(Announcer) And the fire and water attacks are canceling each other 
out!!!

(18) My turn!! (lunges at Neptune)

(Sailor Neptune) Kaiou-ken ... TIMES TEN!!!! (glows red)

(18) What the f**k?

(Sailor Neptune) Hey, my name is Michiru KAIOU. Of course I know the 
Kaiou-ken.

(Announcer) And Michiru-chan has caught 18 off-guard and knocks her 
into the ropes!

(Shayla^2, facefaulting) I knew the writer was gonna cheat for Sailor 
Neptune ...

(RING!!!)

(Huge blast shoots from the doors and knocks Shayla^2 out of the ring)

(Announcer) And the crowd has risen to their feet, cheering madly!!! 
Walking down
the aisle is none other than the star of Slayers, Lina Inverse, the 
enemy of all living things!!!!

(Lina Inverse punches the announcer in the face, causing him to drop 
his "Marry me,
Neptune" sign)

(Zechs) I do believe that this one is over ...

(Treize) Indeed.

(Guy wearing an " Akane the true fiancee" shirt) How unfair is it that 
Lina Inverse of
all people drew #40, the last number?

(Michiru and 18 eye Lina cautiously as she has a hungry look on her 
face)

(Announcer) How unfair it is ... is there anything that can stop Lina 
Inverse?

END PART IV







FINAL PART

(Announcer) At last, we've made it through 40 anime women ... to see 
who the most
powerful woman in all anime is. There have been some rough stretches, 
but now, 3
women; Android #18 from Dragonball Z, Sailor Neptune Michiru Kaiou, and 
Lina Inverse,
from Slayers, will decide who the most powerful woman in all of anime 
is!!!

(Crowd is chanting " Lina, Lina!!!" repeatedly while Lina bows and 
preens in front of
the crowd)

(18) Are we gonna fight or what?

(Lina) In a minute, I have my public to take care of.

(18 flies up) Well, I'm not ready to give up just yet, take this!! 
(fires a massive chi
blast into the ring)

(Announcer) And the smoke is clearing .... and Sailor Neptune is 
standing on one
of the posts ... uneasily, while Lina is floating in midair!!!

(Lina) How dare you!!! Ok then, take this!!! ELMEKIA LANCE!!!

(18 dodges) You can do better than that.

(Zechs) I knew it was going to come down to Lina Inverse vs Android 
#18.

(Treize) No you did not. You believed that Lt. Noin would win this war.

(Zechs) ...

(Announcer) And Lina Inverse and #18 are trading attacks in midair!!! 
Unbelieveable!!!
Neither one is giving an inch!!!

(Lina Inverse lands back down on the canvas) I don't believe this ... 
I'm getting tired ...
she ... she's got unlimited energy! There has to be a way to beat her 
... well ... first
things first (looks over at Sailor Neptune) DIGGER BOLT!!!!

(Sailor Neptune reflexively pulls out her aqua mirror to shield 
herself, but the Digger
Bolt bounces off the mirror and nails 18 in midair. Michiru slides out 
of the ring from
the force of the spell and lands in the announcer's lap.)

(18) ARGH!!!!

(Lina Inverse) Not what I expected but I'll take it ... (chants the 
Dragon Slave spell
15 times faster than normal and hurls it at 18, knocking her through 
the roof, making
her land on Planet Namek.)

(Michiru) Oh dear ... I've lost ...

(Announcer) And it looks like #18 and Michiru have both been eliminated 
by ... (looks
at Michiru) Hi there.

(Michiru) Hello.

(Announcer) Say, now that it's over ... if you're not busy ...

(Lina) HEY!! ANNOUNCER! I WON HERE!! WHERE'S MY TROPHY AND MY
FOOD?!

(Announcer) Hey, I'm trying to get my ... (sees Michiru is gone) D**n. 
Well, come
down here and let me give you your trophy.

(Lina leaps over the top rope) Yep, this was so easy. I didn't even 
have to use my
Ragna Blade or my Giga Slave like I thought I might have to do to win.

(Announcer) On behalf of Kireihana productions, I'd just like to 
congratulate you, Lina
Inverse, on ruining my chances with Michiru Kaiou, as well as winning 
...

(Voice) I think I won that trophy, not Lina Inverse. Y'all bring that 
trophy up here into
the ring.

(Announcer) What?

(Lina facefaults as she looks up into the ring) NO! NO! NO!!!

(Caldina, grinning as she's sitting on the ropes) I told you I was a 
master illusionist.
Sailor Mars didn't even hit me ... I just made it look that way. I've 
been here the WHOLE
time. I think I win, don't I sugah? I'm the last one in here ....

(Lina) WIN THIS!!!! DRAGON SLAVE!!!! (launches another Dragon Slave, 
this one
blows up the entire arena)

(Lina) @.@ This time ... I think I won ... (Falls over)

(Caldina, holding the trophy, not scathed) Told ya I was good. (Walks 
away)

(Ranma-kun, sitting atop what's left of one of the walls) I still say 
if they had let me fight 
I woulda won. 

(Zechs) This was ... interesting ...

(Treize) Indeed ...

(Announcer) Michiru!! Can I get your number?! (taking off after Sailor 
Neptune)

(Caldina, appearing in front of the announcer) You know Michiru is 
rather ....

(Announcer) I refuse to believe that awful rumor! You can't prove it!

(Caldina) Maybe I can't prove she is, but you can't prove she's not ...

(Announcer sighs) Point taken.

(Caldina) Why not try ... a real woman ...  (looks the announcer in the 
eye)

(Announcer sweatdrops) I think here is where the story needs to end ... 
(runs)
