Disclaimer- I do not own anime! Blah blah blah…

Ok so here’s the next chapter…

The Ryoko Saga

‘ A pretty f*ck*d up chapter!’

Vegeta launched a punch at Tenchi but missed by an inch. Tenchi hit him in
the stomach and kicked him in the shin. Trunks helped his father by turning
super sayain 4 and battling Tenchi. For some unknown reason, Trunks was
losing even when he was at his strongest form. He looked at the one known as
Washu, Ryoko’s traitor of a mother. She had her eyes closed and when Trunks
felt her energy, it was decreasing. Some of her goddess power was going to
Tenchi! Trunks knew that Ryoko cared about him so was Washu doing this to
aggravate her own daughter? Trunks stopped thinking and concentrated on
winning the battle. Vegeta turned super Sayain 4 and swiped at Tenchi’s
head. It missed but Vegeta nearly received another blow. He ducked in time
and attacked Tenchi. Bang on target. Tenchi collapsed as Vegeta beat the
hell out of him but felt a sudden burst of energy and hit Vegeta over the
head with his sword. Trunks attacked Tenchi and Tenchi ducked and got
Trunks. Vegeta and Trunks attacked at the same time with an energy blast and
sent Tenchi straight out of the window. They flew after him and watched as
he plummeted to the ground below.

Ayeka- Lord Tenchi! You monsters!

Ayeka foolishly attacked the two Sayains by jumping out of the window after
them. They easily dodged her. Vegeta watched her fall, seen as she could not
fly without her guardians, and smirked. Trunks, been the gentleman he is,
caught her and set her down far away from the battle. Vegeta growled at his
son and went for Tenchi. Tenchi got up in time to block Vegeta’s fist. He
pushed back at Vegeta sending him into a wall. Trunks headed for him and
Tenchi attacked him by punching him into the ground. Meanwhile, Ryoko was
sat on a rock watching the ocean and thinking deeply.

Ryoko- (thinks) I love them both equally, but how much do they both love me?
I need to sort this out…that’s it! Another date without interruptions should
do the trick! Now (screams) what…is…this…pain…its not mine…VEGETA! TRUNKS!
(flies back to Capsule Corp)

Tenchi meanwhile, was reasoning with Vegeta but Vegeta just wouldn’t listen.

Tenchi- Listen this madness must stop!

Vegeta- I’m a Sayain! When I start a battle I intend to finish it!

Tenchi- (swipes at Vegeta with his sword) Why?

Vegeta- (dodges the attack) It’s a rule of my race. I’m a warrior, not a
weakling.

Trunks- (attacks Tenchi) My father’s right.

Tenchi screamed at them both to stop but neither would so Washu gave him
more power. He kicked them both sending Trunks flying into the wall and
Vegeta into the ground. He blasted Vegeta. Vegeta lost his left arm. He
blasted Trunks. Trunks lost his right leg. Ryoko arrived on the scene. She
screamed.

Ryoko- TENCHI!?

Tenchi- Ryoko, we need to talk.

Ryoko- HOW DARE YOU! GET AWAY FROM THEM NOW AND LEAVE THIS DIMENSION! YOU
NEVER WANTED ME TO BE HAPPY! I FOLLOWED YOU BELIEVING THAT I HAD A CHANCE
AND THEN YOU WENT AND BROKE MY HEART RIGHT IN FRONT OF MY FACE! THEN I FOUND
TWO PEOPLE WHO LOVE ME AND WHO I LOVE DEARLY AND YOU DISPOSE OF THEM! I HATE
YOU!!!! WELL THIS TIME YOU HEART BREAKER, ITS GOING TO STOP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Ryoko was so mad she created a time hole. She used the power of telekinesis
to pick up Tenchi and throw him through the portal. She then picked up Ayeka
and Washu. She threw Ayeka through and before she threw Washu she spoke to
her.

Ryoko- This is all your fault. I never want to see you again.

Her voice was full of venom and hatred and Washu could see how much she
hated her. Before she could speak, Ryoko threw her through the time hole.
Ryoko turned to Sasami. She didn’t hurt her. Sasami was the only one in the
household who ever had appreciated her. Ryoko gave her a hug.

Ryoko- Thank you Sasami.

Sasami- Ok Ryoko.

Ryoko- Bye.

Sasami- Bye.

Ryoko let Sasami walk through the time hole and turned to Mihoshi and
Kiyone. She walked up to Mihoshi. Mihoshi was somebody who was kinda fun to
have around. Before Ryoko could say anything, Mihoshi gave her a hug.
Normally Ryoko would’ve yelled but she didn’t. She gave Mihoshi a hug back
and let her walk back through the time hole. Ryoko had purposely saved
Kiyone for last. She was going to help her.

Ryoko- Kiyone, through my staying here I am going to help you. We may never
have seen eye to eye but I still considered you a friend. I can get you a
promotion.

Kiyone- How?

Ryoko- (doubles herself) If you take the one next to me to headquarters, I
can guarantee that your boss will give you a promotion.

Kiyone- But, they’ll kill your double!

Ryoko- I won’t get hurt. When my double gets killed, the remains of its body
will disappear and go back into me.

Kiyone- Ryoko I don’t know what to say.

Ryoko- Just consider it a gift for you and Mihoshi.

Kiyone- why didn’t you tell Mihoshi?

Ryoko- I figured that she isn’t bothered about a promotion. I knew that you
would be. (creates a small box and her double decreases in size and goes
into it) I don’t want my double talking to the others so keep the box in
your pocket until you get to H.Q.

Kiyone- Thank you Ryoko.

Ryoko- Bye.

Kiyone- Bye.

Kiyone stepped through the time hole waving as she walked. Once she was all
the way through, Ryoko disposed of the time hole and walked over to Vegeta.
She put one hand on the remains of his left arm and the other on his
forehead. Little by little, Vegeta’s arm began to grow back and soon he had
a new left arm. His forehead then began to glow. Ryoko removed her hand from
his arm and put it on his heart. That part of his body began to glow. Ryoko
removed both her hands from his body and decided to be a little bit sneaky.
She placed her hand back on his forehead and looked into his dreams.
Everyone else just thought that she was healing him. She looked deeper.
Nothing was happening yet…there! The background had flames rising from the
ground and Vegeta was been held back by some demons and the dream Ryoko was
also been held back. They were reaching for one another. A demon that was
holding the dream Ryoko slit her throat. She collapsed and stopped
breathing. Vegeta broke free and ran to her side but was stopped by flames.
He jumped over them and got to her. He cried and held her. A demon came up
behind him and stabbed him in the back. Ryoko could feel that he was waking
up so she took her hand off his forehead. He woke up to find Ryoko staring
at him with great concern. He smirked and she smiled at him. He got up and
she stepped back. She walked over to Trunks but not before winking at
Vegeta. He looked surprised and Ryoko saw the slightest hint of red under
his eyes. She giggled but then got serious as she looked at Trunks. She put
her hand on his right leg and healed it. Once Trunks had a new leg, she put
that hand on his heart. The other hand on his forehead, she looked into
Trunks’ dream. Trunks was in a forest with two women next to him. He was
looking back and forth between the two as if undecided. One of the women was
Ryoko the other…was Kiyone! Ryoko was shocked. Trunks had a crush on Kiyone!
She watched as her dream self and Kiyone fell through holes. Trunks didn’t
rush to either of them. He was still looking back and forth and eventually
collapsed. Ryoko sensed that he was about to wake up so she took her hand
off of his forehead. When he woke up, he found Ryoko staring at him. This
time she had no look of concern, she had a look of confusion. She backed
away and he got up. She floated back up through the broken window and Vegeta
followed. Trunks followed too but at a much slower pace.

Vegeta- Hurry up boy!

Trunks- Yes father.

When Trunks finally got into the hallway, Bulma yelled at them.

Bulma- YOU IDIOTS! YOU BROKE MY WINDOW! I WOULD EXPECT THAT FROM THE PRAT
HERE (points to Vegeta) BUT I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED IN YOU TRUNKS! I THOUGHT
THAT YOU HAD MORE SENSE THAN THAT!

Ryoko- Bulma calm down! I can fix it!

Bulma- Now?

Ryoko- Yeah (brings up holo-top) lets see…

As she typed, the window started repairing itself.

Bulma- Woah! Ryoko, can you get one of those things for me?

Ryoko- Sorry no.

Bulma- Oh. Why?

Ryoko- You don’t have enough energy and intelligence.

Bulma- WHAT DO YA MEAN!? I’M ONE OF THE SMARTEST PEOPLE IN THE WORLD!

Ryoko- Bulma, you have an I.Q of 203. To get a holo-top you need to be able
to know how to use one. For that you need an I.Q of at least 6000.

Bulma- What’s your I.Q?

Ryoko- I’m not the smartest person in the universe, my mother is. Her I.Q is
50,000. Mine is 45,00. I’m the second smartest person in the universe. As
for the energy, you need a high ki. The lowest acceptable is 20,000. Not
even Vegeta, Gohan, Trunks and Goku have a high enough power level. If you
have a power level lower than that, the enormous drain on your power would
kill you.

Bulma- So, I guess that’s a no then.

Once the window was repaired, they all went their separate ways. Everyone
went home. Ryoko sat in her room and brought up her holo-top again.

Ryoko- Just how did those two get together anyway?

Ryoko was referring to Vegeta and Bulma. She typed until she got the
details.

Computer- They went out to a bar with their friends. Got very drunk. So
drunk that they slept with one another. NOT MARRIED.

Ryoko nearly fainted. She was wrong!

Ryoko- I thought that the two of them were married. They must’ve gotten
extremely drunk. Computer, what were their alcohol levels that night?

Computer- Vegeta- Drank 19 bottles of tequila, two mugs of lager and 5
bottles of wine.

Bulma- Drank 2 glasses of wine, 5 glasses of tequila, 7 ciders and 10
budweisers.

Ryoko- Woah! Even I don’t drink that much in one night! No wonder they did
it! They were drunk out of their minds! Speaking of getting drunk…where’s
Vegeta?

Ryoko created two bottles of sake in her hand and headed for Vegeta’s room.
She knocked on his door. He wasn’t in. It was 11:00pm.

Ryoko- Now where…the gravity room!

She teleported out into the gravity room and walked up to Vegeta.

Ryoko- Hi Vegeta.

Vegeta- What’re you doing in here woman?

Ryoko- No reason. Just thought that you might need two things.

Vegeta- I don’t need anything!

Ryoko- Well, I guess that you don’t want any sake…or a sparring partner.

Vegeta- sake? A sparring partner? I guess that I could use those two things.
Gimmie the bottle.

Ryoko- (didn’t give him the bottle) I think that we’d better spar first
otherwise you’ll get too drunk to do anything.

Vegeta- Fine.

The two of them sparred for two hours until Vegeta was starting to get
tired. They stopped and Ryoko handed Vegeta the bottle. He took a sip.

Vegeta- Good stuff.

Ryoko- Ya got that right. Um…Vegeta?

Vegeta- Yeah?

Ryoko- I have an idea of how to choose whether I like you or your son but
you need to agree to it.

Vegeta- whatever. What is it?

Ryoko- I go on a date with each of you again with no interruptions.

Vegeta- Fine.

He was calm but Ryoko could sense that he was really excited but, unlike
other people Mihoshi, Goku etc, he could keep his emotions in. the two of
them drank in silence until Ryoko broke the silence.

Ryoko- Vegeta, do you really love me? I mean REALLY?

That’s where I’m gonna leave it! Trunks has a crush on Kiyone?! Vegeta and
Bulma had Trunks when they got drunk?! Another two dates for Ryoko!? Ryoko
telling Tenchi that she hated him!? Well, wait 4 the next chapter 2 come
out. It should be entitled ‘Opening up’ but it could change coz I’m the
author of this fic and I can do what I want with it! HEE HEE! I’m gonna be
really mean and not continue the fic…unless I get at least 4 e-mails. K? So
if ya wanna send me praise (^_^), flames, e-mails or just wanna chat 2 a
beautiful girl then e-mail me at petaholic2001@hotmail.com