Disclaimer- I do not own the DBZ or Tenchi characters! Wish I did though…

Ok, next chapter out! I get my chapters out a lot quicker then most fanfic
writers. Is that a good thing? Please e-mail me if u think it is coz I wanna
get my fanfics written quickly 4 ya but I want them 2 b good! Ok I’ll quit
my blabbering and get on with the story!

A visitor to the DBZ gang could result in the battle of the century between
father and son!

The Ryoko Saga

‘Strategies’

Kiyone- Ok. We need a suitable plan here. Anyone?

Ayeka- Who put you in charge? I as the first crowned princess of Jurai shall
take charge.

Vegeta- Shut up princess. Ryoko’s right about you. You don’t even like her
so you’re not in charge! Prissy princess…

Trunks- Just shut up everyone! All that matters now is getting them back. I
vote for my mom to be in charge.

Mihoshi- Why?

Kiyone- Because she’s smart like Washu idiot!

Mihoshi- (starts crying)

Vegeta- Great. Now we have to listen to the bawling idiot. Well done
detective.

Bulma- Just shut up! I have a plan that might work in fact, it will work!
I’m the brains of this outfit-

Ayeka- you’re not cleverer than miss Washu.

Bulma- So!? Anyways, here’s the plan. We use my new invention to find their
ship and we travel to it using Ryo-Ohki.

Goku- Huh? Ryo-Ohki’s a spaceship?

Bulma- Yes you idiot! Ryoko showed us when she first arrived remember!?

Goku- er…

Kiyone- You’re as bad as Mihoshi!

Bulma- Anyway, after we’ve gotten there they’re bound to throw everything
they’ve gotten at us so once we get close enough

Chi-Chi- How close?

Bulma- Within 1000 meters. When we get there, we can use my new teleporter

Vegeta- We can already teleport woman!

Bulma- YOU, GOKU, GOHAN AND TRUNKS CAN BUT WE CAN’T!

Vegeta- Who says you’re coming on this mission?! Only Kakkarot, myself and
my son should be going!

Goku- I hate to admit it Bulma, but he’s got a point. We three are the best
bet to get them out.

Bulma- Fine, scrap that idea so

18- Hold it! I’m coming too!

Trunks- But you’ll be reduced to scrap!

18- It’s a price I’m willing to take. If I die, Ryoko can resurrect me and
besides, she’s given me some upgrades since she came…

Krillin- What upgrades?

18- Now I am a quarter as strong as her when she is split into two and that
is still way stronger than you, I can teleport, I can use hair needles

Goku- Huh?

18- Hair needles is a great attack if the enemy has you in their grasp. Long
needles of energy with sharp points come out of your hair and onto your
enemy. I can also create an energy sword

Vegeta- How? Even I cannot do that.

18- Simple. You create a ball of energy into your hand and squeeze it. It
then turns into an energy sword. Ryoko’s is orange because she is very
powerful. A goddess’s is yellow, that is the most powerful but Washu’s is
white, because she is the most powerful goddess. Mine is light green so its
no where near as powerful as Ryoko’s.

Vegeta- Is that all you can do, tin-can?

18- No. I can now fight a lot quicker and turn into animals too.

Krillin- Why?

18- Well, I could turn into a deadly disease and infect the enemy. Easy.

Vegeta- Fine. You can come but no-one else. What’s the next part of the plan
woman? We teleport from here to the corridors of the enemy’s ship then?

Bulma- You find the holding chambers. This is where Ryoko, Hisui, Washu,
Sasami, Tsunami and Tokimi are being held. You will probably then fight the
enemy.

Goku- How will we know were the holding chambers are?

Bulma- On her holo-top, Ryoko showed me the blueprints for the
superchargingblasterhullhorizontalmauvegod (takes a deep breath) and I
created a map of the ship from the blueprints. Here’s the map (throws it to
18) Good luck.

Gohan- I’m coming too.

Chi-Chi- Oh no you’re not!

Gohan- But mom, I wanna rescue Hisui.

Goku- You can come. No more people though.

Vegeta- Anymore volunteers and I’ll blast you all. The five of us is enough.

18- Where are they located Bulma?

Bulma- They are orbiting the moon. It seems that they are waiting for you.

18- Thanks. Wish us luck. Bye! (teleports)

Gohan- Bye! Don’t worry mom, I’ll be careful. (teleports)

Goku- Bye everyone! (teleports)

Vegeta- (grunts and teleports)

Trunks- Bye! (teleports)

Everyone- Bye! Good luck!

Krillin- I hope they come back alive. Good luck 18. Rescue your best friend.

Another short chapter! Sorry! Well chapter 9 should be longer (I hope!).
Well, what’s gonna happen to our heroes and heroine? Will they come back
alive or will Kagato and Frieza kill them instantly? These questions will be
answered in the chapters to come of the Ryoko saga! Still the big question
hasn’t been answered though, who will Ryoko choose? If ya wanna know, keep
on reading the chapters to come. The next chapter will be entitled ‘the
search’. Ok, if ya wanna send me praise (^_^), flames or just wanna chat to
a beautiful girl, then e-mail me at petaholic2001@hotmail.com