Disclaimer- I do not own anime or their characters! Blah blah blah blah blah
blah…

Ok, here’s the next chapter!

The Ryoko Saga

‘Reminisce’

The sunlight shone through the gap in Vegeta’s curtains and onto Vegeta’s
face. He groaned and put his arm around something. The something moved.
Vegeta woke up instantly.

Vegeta- R…R…Ry…oko? But…how…what…?

He stared at her face trying to understand what happened last night. She
sighed in her sleep and Vegeta turned away. It started to come back to him.

Vegeta- (thinks) I was drunk…and I started to cry just because she was going
to leave the room! She slept down here and I was in the bed…then I moved
down here next to her…Kame! I must have been pretty god damn pissed last
night!

He looked at her face again. She was starting to wake up. She yelled.

Ryoko- BATTLE BOTS COMENCE!

When she didn’t get any robots trying to kill her she opened her eyes fully
in confusion. Vegeta wasn’t there. He was in the bed pretending to be
asleep.

Ryoko- I’m in Vegeta’s room? But how? Oh yeah! He was drunk and wouldn’t
stop whining. Never mind! (looks at the bed) Looks like the vegetable is
still asleep. (gets up) I’m still in my clothes from last night! My catsuit
needs a wash! (walks over to Vegeta and whispers) I had a great time last
night. Thank you for it. But although I do love you…

Vegeta’s heart skipped a beat. He didn’t like the sound of the word ‘but’ in
her voice.

Ryoko- (sighs) …I love Trunks too. I still haven’t made my decision but I
will as soon as I get on a date with your son. Last night was great and I am
happy that I went with you. Well, I need to do my mental, physical and
verbal exercises now…and my verbal exercises will comence when I get mad at
you. (chuckles) See ya later…whether you can hear me or not…(floats down
through the floor into her room)

Vegeta- So…she really does like me, seemingly more than my son. Great! Now I
need to train (stomach rumbles) after breakfast.

Vegeta walked downstairs to find that everyone was there…well…almost
everyone.

Vegeta- Where’s the demon?

Bulma- Upstairs in her room. Will ya go get her?

Vegeta- Whatever. (thinks) I know her better than that. She’ll be in her
secret lab. (walks upstairs)

Vegeta walked into Ryoko’s room where he immediately felt like he was been
ripped to pieces. He didn’t dare scream, it was a sign of weakness. Ryoko
came to the door and was shocked to see Vegeta in it.

Ryoko- WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING!?

Vegeta- NEVER MIND JUST GET ME OUT OF THIS GOD DAMN DOOR WAY!

Ryoko- THE AMOUNT OF PRESSURE ON THAT DOORWAY AT THE MOMENT CAN CRUSH YOU TO
DEATH!

Vegeta- THEN GET ME OUT OF IT!

Ryoko- I CAN’T!

Vegeta- WHY NOT!?

Ryoko- BECAUSE I’M UPGRADING MY ROOM! YOU’LL HAVE TO WAIT ANOTHER HOUR!

Vegeta- BUT I’M STARVING!

Ryoko- WELL SORRY! (sarcastic)

Vegeta- I ONLY CAME UP HERE TO TELL YOU THAT BREAKFAST WAS READY!

Ryoko- WELL I’LL WAIT WITH YOU!

Vegeta- (growls)

Ryoko- (smiles) I won!

Vegeta- Huh?

Ryoko- Computer?

Computer- Yeah?

Ryoko- Release the pressure on Vegeta and tell me how loud my shouting was.

Computer- 100 decibels. (lets go of Vegeta)

Ryoko- Woah! I’ve beaten my own record! I’m getting better!

Vegeta- WHAT THE HELL WAS THE POINT IN THAT?

Ryoko- Calm down veggie brain. I needed a verbal exercise, to test my voice.
You were my best bet seen as you’ve got a shout nearly as loud as my own and
you’re strong enough to live through a great amount of pressure.

Vegeta- So…this was an exercise?

Ryoko- Yep.

Vegeta- Well thanks a lot I’ve just missed breakfast.

Ryoko- Here ya go! (brings up holo-top and types. Many different kinds of
foods appear)

Vegeta- (starts to devour every food in sight)

Ryoko- Well…I’m hungry! (devours food at a faster pace than Vegeta…but only
just ^_^)

Every food was eaten until they both came to the last piece of chocolate
cake. They eyed each other up for it until Ryoko grabbed the slice of cake
and devoured it.

Vegeta- Hey!

Ryoko- Well it was my food! Now, I think that you’d better leave the room.

Vegeta- Why?

Ryoko- Because I’m gonna transform my room.

Vegeta- Into what?

Ryoko- If you’re ssoooo interested then I’ll tell you.

Vegeta- (sits on Ryoko’s bed)

Ryoko- I’m creating a inter dimensional doorway that leads to another point
in space and time.

Vegeta- huh?

Ryoko- Is it me…or are you as clueless as Goku?

Vegeta- I am not!

Ryoko- Woah, chill out. Anyway, to put it simply…it’s a magic door. So when
you now go into my room all you’ll see is a little stretch of carpet with a
wall straight in front of you. On this wall is a computer screen. It checks
your eye code, it puts a laser beam on your eye…but not a fatal one, and
then asks where you want to go and you tell the computer where. If you are
looking for me then you say to the computer ‘search Ryoko’. Easy. Simple
ain’t it?

Vegeta- Right. So what’s actually supposed to be in this little creation of
yours? What rooms?

Ryoko- A swimming pool, a gravity room, an ice skating rink, a kitchen, a
deluxe onsen, a bowling alley, a cinema, a ‘special’ bedroom, my bedroom, my
lab, a garden, a storage room, a library, a games room, a disco, a music
room etc etc etc.

Vegeta- So…its as big as C.C but seemingly fitted into just your room?

Ryoko- No…it’s miles bigger than C.C. Well, you’d better get to training.
I’ve got work to do ya know?

Vegeta- humph! (walks out of Ryoko’s room and hears the banging of metal) I
guess that the demon wasn’t kidding! Better get to training. (walks to the
gravity room)

Ryoko worked on her new doorway all day and didn’t finish it until sunset.
She was tired and hungry so she went to her new bedroom in her bedroom to
rest. It was now dinner time and Vegeta had just come out of the gravity
machine. He walked to the kitchen just in time for tea.

Bulma- Hey, Vegeta would you go get Ryoko?

Vegeta- humph! (walks upstairs to her room hesitantly)

Once Vegeta was there he opened the door but didn’t step in immediately. He
looked into the room to find only a tiny stretch of carpet and a computer.

Vegeta- Upgraded already? This is gonna take ages.

He stepped up to the computer and pressed the big red button.

Computer- Name?

Vegeta- Vegeta.

Computer- We’ll see about that. (brings out an eye beam and shines it on
Vegeta’s eye) Eye code accepted. Where do you wanna go?

Vegeta- Search for Ryoko.

Computer- Okie dokie! (checks) She is her quarters sleeping.

Vegeta- Take me to her.

Computer- Ok! (shines a transport beam on Vegeta which takes him to Ryoko’s
room)

Vegeta- Woah. That thing makes me feel sick. (sees Ryoko sleeping
peacefully) Should I wake her?

Ryoko- (eyes open reluctantly) Hey Vegeta.

Vegeta- It’s time to eat woman.

Ryoko- Already! Woah, oh well. Hey veggie-head, it’ll be quicker if you hold
my hand and I teleport the both of us there.

Vegeta- I can teleport woman.

Ryoko- Yes but only I can use my powers in this room.

Vegeta- (sighs) Fine. (holds Ryoko’s hand)

Ryoko- (smiles and teleports them to the dinner table)

Bulma- Hi! What took you guys so long?

Ryoko- I’ve created an inter dimension doorway.

Bulma- Oh. Where does it lead to?

Ryoko- At least somebody around here understands science! Well, the doorway
is the door to my room and it leads to a room with a computer. The computer
asks your name and checks your eye code and then asks you where you want to
go. A transport beam then goes onto you and takes you there. Cool huh?

Bulma- Yeah! Anywayz, let’s eat!

The 4 of them ate until they couldn’t eat any more then Bulma made a servant
take the dishes.

Bulma- So, how many rooms are now in your room?

Ryoko- I haven’t a clue!

Bulma- Is it bigger than C.C?

Ryoko- Yep. By miles!

Bulma- Woah. (smiles) Well I’m gonna go to the lab. See ya! (runs to the
lab)

Ryoko- Ok, oh yeah! Trunks…you still need to tell me all about your date
with Kiyone.

Trunks- (blushes) Well…

Vegeta- Enough idle gossip. I’m going to train. (walks out of the room)

Ryoko- Well?

Unknown to both of them, Vegeta wasn’t going to train. He was listening to
their conversation by hiding in the shadows and masking his ki.

Trunks- I took Kiyone to an expensive restaurant called ‘La Pari’ and we had
dinner there. We talked to one another about each of our lives while waiting
for our food. Then we went dancing. After we had danced the night away, we
came back here and said our goodbyes. Then she went away.

Ryoko- Awww, how romantic. (stars in her eyes) Sooo, I’ve decided to do
another date ya know? To find out who I like more?

Trunks- Yeah I know, dad did his part yesterday. Speaking of which, how did
that go?

Ryoko- Well…

Trunks- Ah come on! I told you about mine.

Ryoko- well first we went to Blodbec Sinco.

Trunks- The warrior planet? Why?

Ryoko- It spiced up the evening. Besides, I love fighting and I’m getting
fat like miss prissy princess Ayeka. (pats her flat stomach)

Trunks- (chuckles)

Ryoko- I needed a workout. Ok, so I fought this guy called Pikkon and won
easily and Vegeta fought this lizard thing called Morocco. We both won our
fights, those two were just too easy. Afterwards we went to Tretfonda to
eat. You should taste how gorgeous the meals are there! I was in heaven!
Well…after we had eaten about three quarters of the restaurant’s food, we
went to Dischoco 3.

Trunks- But…dad hates partying!

Ryoko- Oh really? You should have seen him on that dance floor! I didn’t
know that he could dance so well!

Vegeta- (blushes from the shadows)

Trunks- But…how did you get him to dance?

Ryoko- He was really drunk. We had both drank loads of Sake and he couldn’t
take it. I don’t get drunk as you know so I dragged him out of there. He was
saying really stupid things like ‘The evil squirrel’s teamed up with
Kakkarot. They coming to get me. I’m smarter than them. Me z gonna kill
zem.’ It was really funny! But I didn’t laugh. I was too busy trying to get
him to shut up! He still wouldn’t shut up even after we’d gotten back here.
I’d put him on his bed and he started crying and shouted ‘Don’t leave me!’.

Trunks- (eyes widen) So…what did you do?

Ryoko- what do ya think? I created a camp bed and slept on the floor. What
did you think I was going to do?

Trunks- (blushes) Oh erm…nothing.

Ryoko- Rrrrriiiiiiggggggghhhhhhhttttttt. Well anywayz, where are we gonna go
on our date?

Trunks- You’ll find out later. It’s a surprise. (walks upstairs)

Ryoko- Men. Why are they so complicated? (teleports to room)

Vegeta then came out of his hiding place and went to his room. He needed to
think. Meanwhile, in Trunks’ room…

Trunks- (thinks) Ok, I had a great time with Kiyone last night and I really
love her but…god damn it I love Ryoko just as much! I need to decide and
quick! But its really complicated cause if I go with Kiyone and Ryoko likes
me best she’ll be heartbroken but if I don’t go with Kiyone and Ryoko
chooses dad…oh why does everything have to be so BLOODY COMPLICATED! Well,
I’d better decide on where to go with Ryoko. Hmmm…well it’ll have to be an
expensive restaurant…but Ryoko isn’t that kind of girl…it’ll have to be a
nightclub! Yeah! We see a movie, eat elsewhere and then go partying!

Also, Ryoko was thinking…

Ryoko- (thinks) I really love Vegeta, he’s so cute and stubborn…but I love
Trunks too! They both have some qualities that the other doesn’t. Lets see,
Vegeta is cute, stubborn and has a bad boy attitude. Trunks is cute, sweet
and romantic. WHY DOES EVERYTHING HAVE TO BE SO DIFFICULT! Hmm…I wonder
where Trunks is taking me? Men. Can’t live with em, can’t live without em.

They thought and thought and thought about each of their predicaments until
Trunks thought that now would be a great time to go on a date. He went to
Ryoko’s room and walked in. He looked around in shock and walked up to the
computer. There was a button that Vegeta had pushed earlier that said ‘Push
the button idiot!’ on it. Trunks pushed it.

Computer- Name?

Trunks- Trunks.

Computer- (scans Trunks’ eye) Eye code accepted. Where do you want to go?

Trunks- Er…search for Ryoko?

Computer- Okie dokie! (checks) She is ice skating. (teleports Trunks to
Ryoko)

Ryoko- Hi Trunks! You’d better get on some ice skates.

Trunks- Nah. Anyway I was wondering…shall we go on our date now?

Ryoko- Yeah, ok sure. Hold on a sec. (grabs Trunks’ hand and teleports them
outside of Ryoko’s room) Shall we go?

Trunks- Um Ryoko?

Ryoko- Yeah?

Trunks- Your outfit is torn and you’re still wearing your skates.

Ryoko- (looks down) Oh yeah! (throws skates into space portal) I guess I’d
better change. (phases into a long red dress)

The dress had a long slit up the right side and was skin tight with glitter
on the top section of it. With this she wore red gloves that went up to just
below her shoulders and red boots.

Ryoko- I’m ready!

Trunks- Ok, let’s go! Do you wanna fly or teleport?

Ryoko- Surprise me.

Trunks- (holds Ryoko’s hand and teleports the two of them away)

Well that’s chapter 14! Like before it took a while for this to come out
because of, you guessed it, EVIL TEACHERS GIVING ME EVIL HOMEWORK!!!!!!
Anywayz, thanx 2 every1 who sent me an e-mail for the last chapter (^_^) and
I just wanted to mention my two friends who always send me e-mails coz they
luv my fanfiction! So thanx Monkey-chan and Manny! Hee hee. Well, the next
chapter will be the date (duh!) and will be entitled…ok so I don’t know what
I will call it but suggestions are welcome! Just e-mail me! Ok so if ya
wanna send me praise (^_^), flames (L ) or just wanna chat to a beautiful
girl ^_~ then e-mail me at petaholic2001@hotmail.com
