Disclamier- Don¡¦t own anime blah blah.

Hi hi guys! I know that I haven¡¦t written a new chapter 4 a while butb hey!
Cut me sum slack! WARNING- I take the piss outta Goku a lot in this chapter!
Ne wayz, here it is!

The Ryoko Saga

¡¥Xiayou Attacks!¡¦

18, Gohan and Goku fell through the portal. Goku landed flat on his butt and
Gohan fell on his head. 18 flew out of the portal as she was used to it.

18- We have arrived.
Goku- OW! MY BUTT!
18- (fumes) Goku! Concentrate on saving Ryoko!
Goku- (whimpers)
18- Idiot.
Gohan- So¡Kwere are they?
Xiayou- They are out of your reach.
18- Xiayou!
Xiayou- Nice to see that you remember me. How has it been these last years
with no one to love you?
18- (growls)
Gohan- Hey! She¡¦s got us and her family!
18- (smiles)
Xiayou- Whatever trevor.
Goku- Who¡¦s Trevor?
Vegeta- Kakkarot you moron!!!!
Goku- Huh?

Everyone looked up to see Vegeta up against the wall in a kind of goo.
Trunks was next to him, also imprisoned.

Goku- Hi Vegeta! (waves)
Vegeta- GET ME OUTTA THIS YOU PRICK!!!
18- Don¡¦t swear in front of Gohan you insufferable p-
Vegeta- Don¡¦t swear android.
18- (growls)
Gohan- Where¡¦s Hisui and Ryoko!?
Xiayou- They¡¦re over there.

Xiayou pointed to two tubes where Ryoko and Hisui were. A dark figure was in
between the two tubes.

18- Maligno!
Maligno- That¡¦s Lady Maligno to you.
Gohan- What have you done to them?!
Maligno- I¡¦ve just put them in suspended animation. No worries.
Goku- Could you let them out please miss nice lady goddess?
Maligno- (shakes head) A regular Mihoshi.
Goku- Huh?
Xiayou- Enough chatter! My Lady, may I now kill them?
Maligno- Only the one I said. Remember.
Xiayou- I know.
18- Bring it on!
It was then that Xiayou shot beams from her eyes and onto Goku and Gohan.
The two of them had chains around their hands and feet which were
unbreakable. They were then stuck to the wall next to Vegeta and Trunks.
They were placed in the order of: Gohan, Goku, Vegeta, Trunks. Vegeta
cursed.

Vegeta- Why do I have to go next to the idiot!?
18- That was a dirty trick, Xiayou.
Xiayou- I don¡¦t care what you think. My Lady needs them. However, she
doesn¡¦t need you. Time to say goodbye forever, Android 18.

Then Xiayou attacked. She kicked 18 in the ribs sending her flying backwards
onto the wall. 18 scraped herself off and ran to Xiayou. She kicked her on
her neck making Xiayou fall on the floor. Xiayou stayed down. 18 went for a
closer look. Xiayou went through the floor and came up behind 18. She got
her in a headlock and started to squish her neck. 18 tried to pry her off.
18 formed a small ki ball and aimed it at Xiayou¡¦s face. She let it go and
it hit Xiayou between her eyes. Xiayou let go of 18 to hold her face and 18
elbowed her in the stomach. It was then that 18 changed her hands into claws
and sliced at Xiayou¡¦s stomach. Changing her hands back to normal, she hit
Xiayou repeatedly in the stomach. Lady Maligno watched the fight carefully.
Xiayou was losing.

Maligno- (thinks) This won¡¦t do! I will not have my plans that I have spent
100 years of my life planning being ruined! Time for Jin to come out and
play. (speaks up) JIN!
Jin- Yes my Lady?
Maligno- Fuse with Xiayou.
Jin- But I am male. She is female. It would be impossible to-(screams)
Lady Maligno- (smirks) Now you are a female.
Jin- But¡Kbut¡K
Lady Maligno- Do not question me!
Jin- Yes my Lady.

Jin ran into the fight and pulled 18 away from Xiayou. 18 was thrown against
the wall and in great pain.

Jin- Xiayou! Wake up!
Xiayou- (looks up) Jin? Is that you?
Jin- Of course its me!
Xiayou- But¡Kyou¡¦re a girl!
Jin- Explain later fuse now.
Xiayou- (smirks) Alright.

Xiayou and Jin pressed their foreheads together and thought of themselves as
one. They then put their hands against one anothers.

Jin and Xiayou- GODDESS FUSE!

There was a bright light and everyone shielded their eyes. The light faded
away and everyone looked up. There stood a girl with black hair like
Vegeta¡¦s but with blue stripes in it and purple eyes. She had much muscle.
Everyone except the new being and Lady Maligno gulped. Jinyou had been born.

Well? Comments? Questions? E-mail me. What did ya think? Soz that I havent
written anything in like ages but ive been ssssssssoooooooo busy. Well. If
ya wanna add me 2 ur msn messenger list, send me praise (^-^), flames ƒ¼, or
just wanna chat 2 the coolest teen around then e-mail me at
petaholic2001@hotmail.com