Disclaimer- These characters are all from anime so don’t sue me! Look at the
bottom of somebody else’s fic to find out who owns the DBZ and Tenchi
characters.

A visitor to the DBZ gang could result in the battle of the century between
father and son!

The Ryoko Saga

‘A night of fun’

Trunks- So, what ride do you wanna go on first?

Ryoko- Let’s start the night with a bang. Let’s go on the roller coaster!

Trunks- (looked up at the roller coaster and gulps)

The roller coaster had 15 loop the loops and went upside down over 30 times.
There was many corkscrew turns and over 35 steep drops and tunnels. It would
take 15 minutes on the ride.

Ryoko- What’s the matter? Scared?

Trunks- No. Let’s go!

Ryoko- Right on!

The two of them ran to the roller coaster and got onto a carriage. Unknown
to them, Vegeta was on the one behind them watching their every move. The
ride ended and Trunks was speechless. Ryoko was laughing her head off and
Vegeta watched as he realized that she wasn’t a sweet fighter, she was
hardcore. This only made him like her even more.

Ryoko- Can we go again? PLEASE? (big puppy dog eyes)

Trunks- Alright. Maybe it won’t be as much of a shock this time.

They went on two more times after the next one and realized that they only
had 1 hour left before the movie. Ryoko suggested doing something new.

Ryoko- Lets go swimming!

Trunks- But the sea is freezing!

Ryoko- Do you get cold?

Trunks- Yes.

Ryoko- Then I can warm up the sea. Come on! It’ll be fun!

Trunks- But I don’t have my bathing suit.

Ryoko- I’ll whip one up for ya!

Ryoko used her holo-top and two pieces of swimwear became visible. One was a
pair of trunks that were medium green and the other was a bikini that was
red like a lifeguard’s. Ryoko phased into her bikini and turned around as
Trunks went behind a tree and changed.

Ryoko- (brings up her holo-top) Ok. Increasing temperature levels of this
ocean by 20 degrees centigrade…there! The ocean is now 25 degrees
centigrade. We can go in now.

Trunks- Ok!

The two of them went into the water and started swimming. Vegeta watched on
and noticed something in the water. A shark! And a great white at that!
Ryoko also noticed it and gasped. Without knowing, increasing the
temperature had brought in a shark! Sharks live in warm water. She smiled.

Trunks- Look out Ryoko! A shark!

Just as Trunks said this, Ryoko jumped onto the shark’s back and rode it
like a cowboy would ride a horse. She even controlled it to move away from
Trunks!

Ryoko- Yee ha! Come on! Let’s see what you’re made of!

Ryoko dug her nails into the shark’s back and it growled in pain. Vegeta
watched on.

Vegeta- (thinks) This woman is amazing! She isn’t a gentle hearted baffoon!
She’s a strong hardcore fighter! I’m more attracted to her now than I was
before!

Ryoko held on to the shark until Trunks had swam back to shore and then she
let it go and decreased the temperature of the ocean by 20 degrees
centigrade. The shark quickly swam away. Ryoko swam back to shore and
laughed.

Ryoko- That was a hoot!

Trunks- That was scary!

Ryoko- How long left?

Trunks- 15 minutes. It’ll take us 10 minutes to get there. Wanna head off
now?

Ryoko- Sure!

The two of them flew up and headed for the cinema. Vegeta followed from way
behind. They landed in an alleyway a block away from the cinema but Vegeta
just kept flying in close pursuit. When they were at the cinemas, Trunks
showed a card that he had with him to the checkout person and she allowed
them through. A guy that was dressed in a penguin suit was there and led the
two of them to their seats. Vegeta transported himself into the cinema and
went to the place were Trunks and Ryoko were. He transported again and
landed several rows away from the two of them but kept a close eye.

Trunks- This should be good!

Ryoko- Now that I’m away I can cut loose! I can act my normal way, my true
personality.

Trunks- What do you mean?

Ryoko- Although I act like a little sweetheart that isn’t my true
personality. I’m just trying to be polite. I’m really a hardcore chick who
loves doing anything I want and if ya don’t like the way I act, tough!

Trunks- You sound just like father.

Ryoko- I guess I am kinda like Vegeta.

Vegeta- (thinks) She’s like me? She’s really stubborn, tough and usually
hard to get? She IS like me! That girl has to be mine!

Trunks- Look! The film is starting!

They turned their heads towards the screen and watched the movie. In the
middle of it Trunks was about to put his arm around Ryoko but backed off
when she looked at him.

Trunks- (blushes)

Ryoko- (puts hands on hips) Come on Trunks you know me better than that!
(grabs Trunks’ arm and wraps it around her shoulders)

Trunks- (blushes furiously) er…

Vegeta- (thinks) Stop this now! Get away from her! Or I’ll destroy you!

The movie carried on and Trunks and Ryoko were mesmorised by it. Vegeta
however was mesmorised by Ryoko. When the movie ended Vegeta teleported
outside and Trunks and Ryoko left the building.

Ryoko- So, got anything else planned?

Trunks- How about we go back to that fair?

Ryoko- Nah! I’ve got a better idea. How would you like to go on a roller
coaster the size of Japan?

Trunks- er…okay. Where is it?

Ryoko- (opens up a portal) Right this way…

The two of them walked into the portal and just before it closed, Vegeta
slipped in too. Meanwhile, back at capsule corp…

Bulma- Just were could those three have gotten too?

Washu- Ryoko’s side of the telepathic link is closed therefore I can’t talk
to her.

Tenchi- Just after I’d gotten onto the roof with Vegeta, Ryoko and Trunks
were flying off into the sunset. For some reason Vegeta was pretty mad and
when they were almost out of sight, jumped up and flew after them.

Washu- I may be able to detect them if I can detect Ryoko. (brings up
holo-top) Now then…oh great! Just great!

Ayeka- What is it miss Washu?

Washu- She’s gone with Trunks and Vegeta into the dimension that she
created. Since she’s a demi-goddess she can have her own dimension but only
one. Seems that in her dimension she’s created a giant roller coaster the
size of Japan! I knew that I shouldn’t have given her that holo-top for her
birthday!

Kiyone- Can we go into it?

Washu- Not unless she’s with us. Even I can’t get into it but…(takes a quick
glance at Gohan, Hisui, Mihoshi and Sasami who are playing video games) she
might.

Hisui- (looks up) Who? Me?

Washu- Yes Hisui. Come here.

Hisui- No! Leave Ryoko alone! I’m part of her! I should know what she wants!
(runs upstairs)

Gohan- Hey! Wait up Hisui! (runs after her)

Mihoshi- Are those two an item?

Bulma- Yep.

Meanwhile, up on the roof…

Hisui- Why can’t Washu just leave us alone! (starts crying)

Gohan- Hisui?

Hisui- Oh, (sniff) hi Gohan.

Gohan- Hisui, what’s the matter? You can tell me. I am your boyfriend.

Hisui- Why can’t Washu just leave me and Ryoko alone! Can’t they just go
back to their dimension?! We want to stay here!

Gohan- I know. (puts his arm around her and he himself was surprised at his
own boldness and blushed)

Hisui- Want to go see Ryoko?

Gohan- Ok.

Hisui- (opens up a portal to her dimension) Let’s go! (stops crying)

Gohan- Yeah! (follows Hisui into the portal)

Downstairs…

Washu- I can feel it. Hisui is taking Gohan into her dimension. If I can
link up with her power, we can get into her dimension.

Mihoshi- I hope we do. Gohan and Hisui haven’t finished their turn!

Kiyone- (rolls eyes)

Washu- Complete! I’ve done it!

Doll A- Your Washu you’re the greatest!

Doll B- Your Washu you’re the genius!

Doll A and B- Washu! Washu! Washu! Washu!

Washu- (cackles) Right. Let’s go!

All of them were then transported into Ryoko’s dimension were they saw Ryoko
and Trunks on the Roller Coaster and Hisui and Gohan on the cart behind
them. Vegeta was no were to be found.

Washu- LITTLE RYOKO! YOU COME DOWN RIGHT THIS MINUTE YOUNG LADY! WE WERE
WORRIED SICK!

Bulma- TRUNKS! YOU GET HERE THIS SECOND OR YOU’RE GROUNDED!

Ryoko- I think they’ve found us Trunks.

Trunks- Yeah. But how did they get into this dimension? I thought that you
said only you could access it.

Ryoko- When Hisui and Gohan came here, Washu must have tracked her energy.
Hisui wouldn’t betray me, so Washu did this. IT’S ALL HER FAULT!

Unknown to everyone, Vegeta was watching the whole incident from below.

Vegeta- (thinks) What’s going on here? How did they get here? What should I
do? I’ll teleport home. (tries to teleport but gets a nasty electric shock)
I guess that no-one can use their powers here except Ryoko. Man she is such
a clever demon!

Bulma- Vegeta! Where are you!

Ryoko- Don’t worry. I know where he is.

Everyone- huh?

Ryoko- Do you all think I’m stupid or something?! I knew all the time that
Vegeta was following us. He’s jealous you see.

Bulma- Of what?

Ryoko- That I’m with Trunks and not him.

Bulma- You mean that he has a crush on you? MY OWN HUSBAND HAS A CRUSH ON
YOU!?

Ryoko- Yes.

Bulma- (faints)

Vegeta- (thinks) SHE KNEW!?

Ryoko- Vegeta. Come forth into this space.

Vegeta- Yes master.

Vegeta then came out of his hiding place and walked over to them.

Vegeta- Your wish is my command.

Ryoko- Good.

Gohan- What did you do to him?

Ryoko- Oh nothing. Just controlled his mind.

Everyone but Washu- WHAT!?

Vegeta- Huh? What happened? All I remember is coming to get my Ryoko away
from my son.

Gohan- Did he just say HIS Ryoko?!

Hisui and Ryoko- (laugh hysterically) We can go home now.

In a blinding flash of light, they were all transported back to capsule
Corp. As soon as they got back, Ryoko grabbed the karaoke machine and
Android 18.

Ryoko- 18, can we do ‘I’m like a bird’ again? I have to do something but I
need to tell them secluded.

18- Sure!

Ryoko started singing the lyrics to ‘I’m like a bird’ again. When it came to
the last chorus, Ryoko sprouted wings again as did 18. This time though,
Trunks also sprouted wings as well as Vegeta. Ryoko stopped singing and two
doves appeared in her hands. One flew onto Trunks’ shoulder and the other
onto Vegeta’s. The one on Trunks’ disappeared but the one on Vegeta’s
shoulder spoke to him in a whisper.

Dove- Meet me up on the roof, ALONE.

Vegeta- Ok.

Dove- (disappears)

Vegeta- (walks out of the room)

Ryoko- I’ll be back in a sec guys. (teleports to the roof)

Vegeta ran as fast as he could to the roof. Ryoko was waiting for him.

Vegeta- Whadda ya want?

Ryoko- To talk Vegeta. I know that you like me, that’s why you followed us
when I was on my date. You tried to prevent it but ended up doing nothing.

Vegeta- What makes you think that I like you?

Ryoko- Vegeta, don’t play dumb with me. I can read minds for Dende’s sake!

Vegeta- (thinks) Damn!

Ryoko- I heard that! Vegeta don’t deny your feelings. Just spit it out!

Vegeta- Fine! I like you!

Ryoko- I like you too Vegeta but there’s two drawbacks. One you’re married
and two, I like Trunks also.

Vegeta- (grunts)

Ryoko- I’ll willing to give you a chance so whadda ya say? You wanna go on a
date? You already know from spying on me that I’m not a little wuss.

Vegeta- Fine. When?

Ryoko- Now? Vegetable head?

Vegeta- Shut up Demon.

Ryoko- (smiles)

Vegeta- (smirks)

Ryoko- Let’s go!

Vegeta- Ok!

The two of them flew off together no idea what the night would have in store
for them. By going on this date, they would get much more then they
bargained for.

Ok people! I know that Ryoko’s been on a date already but hey! She is the
main girl in this fic! This time though nobody is spying on Ryoko. Or are
they? Somebody from the past will be coming back and it won’t be pretty. You
have been warned. Still the same question roams through everybody’s head.
Who will get Ryoko? Will it be Trunks or Vegeta? Look out for my next
chapter ‘Better watch out! He’s after you!’ It should come out soon. By the
way, MERRY CHRISTMAS ALL! Don’t forget, if you wanna argue, send praise or
flames or just wanna chat to a beautiful lady then e-mail me at
petaholic2001@hotmail.com