Disclaimer- I do not own theses characters, OK! Some rich Japanese guy does.

Ok, next chapter of the Ryoko Saga! Our heroine(s) kidnapped by two of the
most evil minds ever to have been born!? What’s gonna happen!? Read on to
find out…

A visitor to the DBZ gang could result in the battle of the century between
father and son!

By Em

The Ryoko Saga

‘Emotion’

They were gone. The one that Vegeta cared most about in the universe, was
gone. Taken by surprise and stolen from him. She had great power, but when
split into two, she was weak. Still miles stronger than him, but weak. He
would not let this happen. She would be brought back to him! He couldn’t
take it. On the outside he didn’t care but on the inside, he was crying.

Trunks was hit bad too. He cared for her as much as his father did. Ryoko
was the one he deeply loved. The one his father loved. Part of the Z gang.

Gohan was hurt. Hisui was his girlfriend and part of Ryoko. No wonder she
was also taken. He wanted her back.

Tenchi was upset. Ryoko was his best friend although at one time she had
wished it were more. Now she couldn’t stand the sight of him. She hated him
and didn’t want him to rescue her, she wanted Vegeta or Trunks to rescue
her.

Bulma, was a little bit glad but she was also upset. She was glad that her
husband couldn’t see her anymore but knew that he wanted to rescue her. She
wanted to help the others get her and Hisui back. They had the power, she
had the brains. She would devise a brilliant plan to get her friends back.
She would help and not be forgotten.

Mihoshi, just cried. And cried and cried and cried. She never could hold it
all in. She had to let all her sorrow out, in the form of tears. Screaming
like an infant and crying her eyes out like a child. Ryoko was a part of the
Tenchi clan, no matter how much she wanted to be a part of the Z gang. So
she cried and cried, knowing that she was helpless to help her friend.

Kiyone was just plain shocked. She thought Ryoko was stronger than that but
since she was split into two, she obviously wasn’t. Ryoko may have been
wanted by the galaxy police, Kiyone’s profession, for many years but now
Kiyone classed her as a friend. Kiyone could hold back her sorrow unlike her
dim-witted partner. She sighed and pondered how they were going to get her
and Hisui back.

Ayeka just smirked. In the midst of all this sorrow she just smirked. Ryoko
was gone, perfect. Perfect for her to have Lord Tenchi even though Ryoko
wasn’t fighting for him anymore. Her conscience screamed at her shouting
‘Ryoko’s your friend!’ but she ignored it. She smiled an evil smile until
her conscience gave her a hard kick and she stopped smiling. She had to help
save Ryoko no matter how much she despised her. It was for the good of
everyone.

Goku, just had a sad face on. He missed Ryoko and Hisui with their funny
jokes and hilarious personalities. Apart from the sad face, he also had on a
determined face, to get back his friends who helped Vegeta loosen up.

Chi-Chi cried. Not wailing and screaming like Mihoshi but cried. She didn’t
say anything and just stood there and let the tears fall. She was as
helpless as Mihoshi. She couldn’t help her friends get Ryoko and Hisui back.
She was useless, but determined. She would help get them back, she would. A
determined face now crossing her features, she walked outside.

18 couldn’t take it. Ryoko was her best friend and had helped through every
bad situation. Now thanks to Ryoko, she was more human. She could smile, she
could frown, she could smirk and she could cry. That last one was the one
she was doing now. She was crying but like Chi-Chi and not like Mihoshi. But
unlike those two, she wasn’t helpless. With these new upgrades she could
help. She was a warrior again. She clenched her fists in anger and swore
that the enemy would pay.

Krillin was also upset. His wife’s best friend, gone. He saw her crying
quietly. Ryoko had made her more human. He was helpless. He was no good to
help fight. He was a weakling compared to the other Z fighters. He sighed
and looked to the heavens, a sad look on his face.

Ryo-Ohki? She meowed in sorrow. No Sasami, no Ryoko. She was lost. She
jumped onto Tenchi’s shoulder and meowed in despair. She cried her eyes out
but with much quieter wailing than Mihoshi. She would help too.

Everyone stood thinking or crying and didn’t speak a word. One by one they
walked back into capsule corp, to think of a good plan and fast. Who knew
what was going on in those demented minds of Kagato and Frieza. Only one
thing was on each of their minds, murder of the goddesses and the
demi-goddesses. At least, that’s what everyone thought since the two of them
were heartless killing machines. They would succeed in getting them back. We
will win, Vegeta thought, the Z gang always wins.

Ok weird chapter I know but it was an emotional chapter. It was kinda short
but I promise, the next one will be longer. The next one should be entitled
‘Strategies’ and you can guess what that’ll be about. If ya wanna send me
praise (^_^), flames or just wanna chat to a beautiful girl then e-mail me
at petaholic2001@hotmail.com