Disclaimer- I do not own Anime! Or the DBZ and Tenchi characters! Got it!
People from Anime! Hee Hee.

Ok, next chapter of the Ryoko saga. What the hell is going on here!? The two
most stubborn people in the universe out on A DATE! What’s gonna happen?
Read it to find out!

A visitor to the DBZ gang could result in the battle of the century between
father and son!

The Ryoko Saga

‘Better watch out, they’re after you’



Vegeta- Where are we going then woman?

Ryoko- I’m thinking about it vegetable-head! How about…yeah! I’ve got a
great idea? Vegeta, is your greatest pleasure achieved when you’re fighting?

Vegeta- (crosses arms over chest) Yes.

Ryoko- Good, cause I’m a natural fighter. Fighting is my pleasure so…why
don’t we find a weakling like in those circus acts, and beat the hell out of
them!

Vegeta- Yeah!

Ryoko- Great! There’s one below us, do you wanna go first for this one? I’ll
do the next challenge?

Vegeta- Fine. It’ll be easy. Good to get the public running again.

Ryoko- Boy, do I know that feeling. (sighs)

Vegeta- What’s wrong?

Ryoko- When I was in dimension 2, I was controlled by the most evil mind in
that universe, Kagato. It was before I had learned the full extent of my
power so he controlled me easily. He controlled my mind and made me destroy
countless planets and raid them.

Vegeta- I know that feeling. I was controlled once.

Ryoko- You where?!

Vegeta- Yes. By lord Frieza. I also destroyed countless planets. My own
planet was blown up because of him. When I was strong enough to be released,
I got out of his control and joined the Z gang. Frieza killed me once, by
shooting a ki beam through my heart.

Ryoko- Where you beaten up for his pleasure though?

Vegeta- No. I was just a tool.

Ryoko- So was I, but Kagato beat me up. He frequently sliced off my limbs
and once sliced off my head.

Vegeta- That’s terrible! (shocked)

Ryoko- You see, he knew that my body would re-generate itself. You and I
have a lot in common.

Vegeta- Yeah, I guess.

Ryoko- Well enough on painful experiences! Let’s get to that circus!

The two of them flew down to the circus but Vegeta was unusually close to
Ryoko. She noticed this and smiled. Once at the circus, Ryoko gave the man
at the checkout her credit card. He swiped it through the machine and his
eyes bulged at how much money she had on her card.

Ryoko- Hurry up pal! I haven’t got all day!

Checkout guy- Y-e-s ma’am.

Ryoko- Don’t call me that. We’re here to fight your champion.

Checkout guy- I doubt that you’ll be strong enough.

Ryoko- Don’t push it. Just because I’m a woman doesn’t mean I’m a weakling.
Now stand aside before you get hurt.

Checkout guy- Ok (thinks) man, this woman is such a weirdo! She can’t get
simple facts into her head!

Ryoko- (reads his thoughts and punches him through the side of the circus
wall) Don’t underestimate me.

Vegeta- Nice shot.

Ryoko- I’m gonna take this one ok? You can take the next battle. This is war
between me and the freak in the centre of the ring.

The two of them took their seats near the front and waited for the announcer
to speak.

Ryoko- Hurry up! I’m not a patient woman!

Announcer- Whoever thinks they’re strong enough, come forth into the centre
of the ring to compete against the reigning champion, ‘the mountain
crusher!’ If you beat him, you’ll win 5,000 zene!

Ryoko- (teleports into the centre of the ring) I challenge this big lump of
lard!

Crowd- (laughs)

Ryoko- I’m serious! Don’t make me angry, you wouldn’t like me when I’m
angry.

Announcer- (stops laughing) Do you accept the challenge mountain crusher?

Mountain crusher- Of course I do! Easy win!

Announcer- Each of you go into opposite corners of the ring please.

They stomped off into opposite corners of the ring and waited.

Announcer- I am the referee. Ok, (hits bell) FIGHT!

The mountain crusher runs at Ryoko but runs straight through her. She
teleported to the other side and charged. She hit him with one punch to the
head and he fell. He was almost unconscious but not quite. Ryoko kicked him
in the balls and put him into unconsciousness. She then grabbed his shirt
and threw him out of the ring.

Crowd- (gobsmacked)

Ryoko- (looks at Vegeta)
Vegeta- (thumbs up) Easy win. (floats up and lands near Ryoko) Are we going
then?

Ryoko- Hold on a sec. (turns to the audience) I TOLD YOU I COULD DEFEAT YOUR
PATHETIC CHAMPION! HE’S A WEAKLING BEATEN UP BY THE STRONGER SEX OF THE
SPECIES! (turns to the announcer) I’ll have my winnings.

Announcer- H…here…y…you go. (hands her the cash)

Ryoko- About time. Lets go Vegeta.

Vegeta- Right. Anything’s better than this lame side-show.

The two of them flew up into the air and through the circus ceiling. While
looking at the stars they spoke to one another.

Vegeta- Ryoko, why did you say that females are the stronger of the species?

Ryoko- I dunno. I know that men are the stronger of the human species but
women are smarter so in a fight they can use their brains instead of their
strength. Bulma is living proof of this. In other species however, females
are stronger.

Vegeta- In the race of the sayains they aren’t.

Ryoko- What makes you say that when I’m a super-sayain and I’m stronger than
all of you put together?

Vegeta- You’re the daughter of an elder goddess.

Ryoko- Exactly.

Vegeta- Huh?

Ryoko- (sighs) Vegeta, the universe is controlled by women! The three main
creators of the universe are all women. The kais are men but they were
created by women. All the other gods and goddesses come from my mother and
her two sisters.

Vegeta- Oh. There’s another side-show down there.

Ryoko- Your turn.

They flew down to the circus and paid to go in. The champion was a bit
stronger than the last one but Vegeta beat him with just a few kicks and
punches. They collected their winnings and made a huge hole in the circus
roof by flying through it.

Ryoko- Man! That guy was a pushover! He didn’t even have a ki!

Vegeta- I know!

Ryoko- (flies an inch closer) You were just like great! You punched him in
the face and he almost got knocked out even though you weren’t even using
your full strength!

Vegeta- (moves an inch closer) Yeah! It was easier than beating up Yamcha!
He…(looks at the way Ryoko is looking at him)

Ryoko- (looks at Vegeta with adoring eyes)

Vegeta- (returns the look)

The two of them fly closer and closer to one another. Their lips were a
centimetre apart and they were about to kiss when…

Stranger- Well well… isn’t this cute. My tool falling in love, human
emotions make you weak Ryoko.

Ryoko- Kagato! (brings up energy sword)

Vegeta- (powers up)

Other stranger- I wouldn’t do that if I were you, space scum.

Vegeta- Frieza!

Frieza- What’s happened to my little trash? Falling in love with something
as low as yourself? Pathetic! Emotions are weak as are you. (starts to
control Vegeta’s mind)

Vegeta- (screams)

Ryoko- Vegeta! (throws energy sword at Frieza who is knocked over
temporarily)

Frieza- So…my partners piece of trash has more power than mine.

Ryoko- Partner?!

Kagato- Joined together, we will destroy the universe! Starting with Earth!

Ryoko- Not while I’m around!

Kagato- Oh, but we need you around, tool. You and the other space scum are
our tools to destroying the universe!

Ryoko- Never! I’m stronger than the last time you controlled me, you inhuman
monster!

Vegeta- As am I!

Frieza- But I have also gained strength because of the brain power of my
partner.

Ryoko- You’ll never control me again! Never! My mother’ll make sure of that!
Now that she’s a goddess again…

Kagato-…she’s still an easy target. I’ve captured her and put her into the
same type of tube that I imprisoned her in last time, only this ones much
stronger. I’ve also imprisoned your aunty Tsunami and Tokimi. You’re their
only hope and so I’m going to destroy you.

Ryoko- Over my dead body! I’m immortal! (flies away faster than the speed of
light but not without grabbing onto Vegeta first)

Kagato- We’ll get you Ryoko…

Frieza-…and you Vegeta…

Kagato and Frieza- …we know where you live as we’ve taken Washu.

I know that you’re all gonna kill me for leaving it like this but you’ll
have to wait till part 6 of the Ryoko saga to come out! It’ll be entitled
‘Despair’ and will come out in around several weeks. Ryoko seems to be
getting closer to Vegeta than Trunks but the table still could turn either
way. Many people are e-mailing me praise (and I LOVE IT! ^_^) so if you
wanna praise me (^_^), send me flames, or just wanna chat to a beautiful
girl then e-mail me at petaholic2001@hotmail.com

HAPPY NEW YEAR!