
Disclaimer- These characters are all from anime so don’t sue me! Look at the
bottom of somebody else’s fic to find out who owns the DBZ and Tenchi
characters.

A visitor to the DBZ gang could create the battle of the century between
father and son!

The Ryoko Saga

‘Refusal’

Trunks- What? Who’s here?

Ryoko- they’ve come for me. Well, I refuse to leave! (runs downstairs)

Trunks- Hey! Wait for me! (runs downstairs)

Everybody in the house had woken and had ran outside to see what all the
comotion was about. A figure came from the wreckage. She was female with
spiky hair like Ryoko’s only longer and in red.

Ryoko- (groans) Hey Washu. (said in a gloomy voice)

Washu- My little Ryoko! (runs and hugs her)

Ryoko- Hey! Get off me!

Suddenly more figures came from the wreckage.

Ryoko- Hey Ayeka, Sasami, Kiyone, Mihoshi, Tenchi.

Sasami- Ryoko! I missed you! (gives her a hug but Ryoko gave her a hug back)

Ryoko- Hi Sasami.

Ayeka- Miss Ryoko, what are you doing in dimension 188?

Ryoko- I was upset and Ryo-Ohki sensed it so she dimension-jumped.

Kiyone- So, aren’t you happy?

Mihoshi- We’ve come to take you home.

Ryoko- This is my home now. I’m staying here!

Sasami- But why? Don’t you like us anymore?

Ryoko- With a few exceptions (indicating Tenchi and Ayeka) of course I do
but I refuse to leave!

Trunks- Excuse me..but…?

Washu- Who are your friends Ryoko?

Ryoko- Oh I almost forgot! This is Trunks.

Trunks- Hi.

Ryoko- This is Vegeta, Trunks’ father.

Vegeta- (nods his head)

Ryoko- This is Goku.

Goku- Hey!

Ryoko- This is Chi-Chi, Goku’s wife.

Chi-Chi- Hi.

Ryoko- This is Gohan, Chi-Chi’s son.

Gohan- Hi!

Ryoko- This is Bulma, Vegeta’s wife.

Vegeta- (winces)

Bulma- (not noticing) Hi!

Ryoko- This is Krillin.

Krillin- Hi!

Ryoko- This is Dende.

Dende- Hey.

Ryoko- And last but definitely not least, Android 18 my best friend and
Krillin’s wife.

Washu- I thought that Tsunami split you two up!

Ryoko- She did. But luckily I landed in the dimension that she was sent to.

Tenchi- Ryoko, why won’t you come back? (approaches her)

Ryoko- You stay away from me! (runs back inside)

Trunks- (follows)

Ayeka- What’s wrong with her?

Tenchi- I dunno. Wait a minute!

Flashback:He was on the roof, kissing Sakuya when he felt the air behind him
shimer. Dismissing it as nothing he carried on with the kiss but then he saw
it. A streak of cyan hair disappearing into the darkness. He had just
thought that it was his imagination.

Tenchi- (thinks) That must have been Ryoko! She saw it! No wonder she hates
me!

Mihoshi- Earth to Tenchi!

Tenchi- (snaps out of it) er…what?

Washu- Let’s go. We’d better follow her. From my keen intellect I know that
two people here like Ryoko more than a friend and she likes them both. I
have a feeling that those two people are Trunks and-

Goku- We’d better see if Ryoko’s alright.

Vegeta- (thinks) For once Kakkarot has helped.

Meanwhile upstairs in Ryoko’s room…

Ryoko- (locks the door behind her but not before Trunks has slipped in)

Trunks- Hi.

Ryoko- I’m glad you’re here. For some reason you’re the only one around here
that I can openly talk to.

Trunks- Thanks.

Washu- (from the hallway and banging on the door) Ryoko! You open this door
right now young lady!

Ryoko- Can it mom and leave! I’m trying to have a conversation here with
Trunks!

Ayeka- Miss Ryoko! Open this door!

Ryoko- Go away miss prissy princess!

Kiyone- Ryoko open this door or I’ll blast you out!

Ryoko- Since you all came back everyone is treating me like a criminal
again! (starts crying) Just leave me alone!

Trunks- (gives Ryoko a hug) Criminal again?

Ryoko- Yes. I used to be an infamous space pirate but I retired because of
my life on earth. I am not going back to that life. I used to feel like
dimension 2 was my home but now I see that I was wrong, this dimension is my
home!

Trunks- Well you know that you’ll always have a place to stay here.

Ryoko- Thanks. You know that I still haven’t chosen-

Trunks- I know. It takes time.

Tenchi- Ryoko! Open this door! I need to talk to you!

Ryoko- I don’t want to talk to anyone at the moment especially you! Trunks
is the only one around here that appreciates me! So just leave! I’m never
going back to that dimension, ever!

The others waited outside Ryoko’s room until one by one they left. Only
Vegeta and Tenchi still waited and Vegeta had his ear pressed up tight to
the door, trying to listen in on the conversation. Tenchi just stood
waiting. The rest of them had gone downstairs and were eating and watching
television. Vegeta listened in carefully until Tenchi talked to him.

Tenchi- You love her, don’t you?

Vegeta- What’s it to you boy?!

Tenchi- Ryoko is my friend.

Vegeta- She doesn’t want to be yours.

Tenchi- And I know why! That’s why I need to talk to her.

Inside Ryoko’s room…

Ryoko- Checkmate.

Trunks- Damn. You beat me at every game we play.

Ryoko- That’s because I’m the best!

Trunks- (laughs) Are they still there?

Ryoko- I’ll check. (brings up her holo-top) Let’s see… (a screen goes onto
the door and an x-ray of Tenchi and Vegeta shows up) Well, Tenchi is still
there and so is Vegeta, and he’s listening to what we’re saying to each
other. (gets rid of the screen)

Trunks- He’s jealous because I’m with you and he likes you.

Ryoko- I knew that you liked me but I never knew that Vegeta did.

Trunks- Father’s very secretive. Do you think that we should come out now?
I’m kinda hungry.

Ryoko- If you wanted food then why didn’t you just say so? (brings up her
holo-top) Now, what would you like?

Trunks- The works.

Ryoko- Alrighty then (presses a key and loads of food came up)

Trunks- Wow! Look at all of this food!

Ryoko- Let’s feast! (grabs a bowl and fills it and starts eating) This is
great if I do say so myself!

Trunks- (eats some) You’re right! This is great!

The two of them pigged out and when they were done, Ryoko chucked the plates
into sub space.

Ryoko- Do you think we’d better come out now?

Trunks- Yeah, but I thought that you didn’t want to see Tenchi?

Ryoko- I don’t so I’ve got a better idea. Trunks, can you phase, not
teleport, but phase through solid objects?

Trunks- No.

Ryoko- Well, I’ve got an idea. If I hold onto your hand you’ll phase through
the ceiling with me, so I’ll run quickly and open the door and then grab
your hand and the two of us can phase onto the roof.

Trunks- But they’ll find you there.

Ryoko- When they do come up to the roof, how about me and you go on our
date? That’ll make those guys leave.

Trunks- Ok! (happy because Ryoko still wanted to go on a date)

Ryoko- Ok. Three…Two…One…NOW!

Ryoko, quick as lightning, ran to the door and unlocked it. Then in a second
she grabbed Trunks’ hand and the two of them phased through the ceiling just
as Vegeta burst in.

Vegeta- Trunks! Ryoko! Where did you go! Damn! He’s getting to her…and I
don’t like it!

Tenchi- You do love Ryoko, don’t you?

Vegeta- None of your business, boy!

Tenchi- Ryoko! Where are you?

On the roof…

Ryoko- Man…that was a hoot!

Trunks- Yeah, I wish that I’d have seen the look on dad’s face…wait, don’t
you hear footsteps?

Ryoko- Yeah, one of them’s coming for us…wanna go on our date now?

Trunks- Sure!

The two of them flew off into the sunset just as Tenchi and Vegeta burst
onto the roof.

Tenchi- Wait Ryoko! Come back!

Vegeta- Trunks! You bring her back this instant! Or else! (getting angry)
Damn him!

In the air…

Ryoko- So…where we going?

Trunks- The cinema. What film would you like to see?

Ryoko- Wild Samurai lone journey 10 the movie.

Trunks- Phew! I booked private seats for that film! Thank god that you wanna
see that one! We still have some time left before the film starts so what do
you wanna do?

Ryoko- How long do we have?

Trunks- 2 hours.

Ryoko- Then…can we go to the fair down there? (pointing to a fair that was
below them)

Trunks- Sure!

The two of them flew down but little did they know, someone was spying on
them…

Vegeta- So a little trip to the fair. I’ll stop this date if it’s the last
thing I do!

So what’s gonna happen on Ryoko’s date? Is Vegeta gonna ruin everything for
the two of them or is he gonna back off? Will Trunks survive Ryoko’s night
of fun and games? Find out in the next episode of the Ryoko Saga! Remember,
if you wanna send praise or flames, wanna argue or just wanna chat to a
beautiful lady looking for a laugh then e-mail me at
petaholic2001@hotmail.com
