The Ryoko Saga

‘Another date with Trunks!’

Ryoko- Where are we?

Trunks- We’re outside of the movie place we went to before. Don’t you
remember?

Ryoko- Oh yeah! That movie was brill! What’re we gonna see now?

Trunks- The Heartstealer.

Ryoko- Aw wow! Cool! I’ve seen that movie advertised! It’s supposed to be
the scariest movie in the history of scary movies! Even scarier than the
exorcist!

Trunks- Glad that you wanna see it.

Ryoko- Boy do I! I live for scary movies!

The two of them walked into the movie theatre and Trunks paid for their
tickets. They got a private row seen as Trunks paid a lot. They sat down
with a bag of malteasers, skittles, Revels, Starburst, Joosters, fun gums,
smarties, fruit pastles and two large boxes of sweet popcorn. (sayain
appetites, what’d u expect ^_^) They put their extra large drinks into the
holders and put their huge amount of snacks on the floor. Ryoko then took a
huge slurp of her drink while Trunks stuffed loads of popcorn into his
mouth. He tried to talk to Ryoko with the popcorn in his mouth but couldn’t.
Ryoko burst out laughing at the scene until Trunks eventually swallowed the
popcorn. He then began laughing. The lights then dimmed and the adverts
before the movie started. Ryoko and Trunks stopped laughing and watched the
adverts.

While this scene was going on, Vegeta was training in the gravity room
trying not to think about Ryoko and Trunks’ date. He did 1000 one-armed push
ups and 1000 back flips under 410 gravity before stopping.

Vegeta- Why can’t I get the stupid date out of my head! I know that she
loves the both of us equally! Nothings gonna happen! (powers up a ki blast
and hurls it around the room) She wouldn’t do anything! But…my son might!
Huh? (ki blast closes in on him) Oh no! (ki blast gets him and he screams
and blacks out)

Ryoko- Huh?

Trunks- What?

Ryoko- Oh nothing, just a bit of chest pain.

Trunks- Are you ok?

Ryoko- Yeah. (thinks) Stupid vegetable. Forgot that I can feel his pain and
read his mind well you idiotic loudmouth I still haven’t decided and im not
gonna try anything and ill make sure that Trunks doesn’t either! Not that he
would…(looks at Trunks)

Trunks- (stuffs popcorn into his mouth) Hey! The movie’s finally starting!

Ryoko- (turns attention to the screen)

The movie started by showing a little boy, crying in the corner of his
demolished house while a shadow crept up to him. The boy screamed as a claw
dug into his flesh and pulled out his heart. The figure drank the heart’s
blood and then scrunched up the heart and ate it. He then sucked the air
around the boy and the boy’s flesh and youth disappeared. Soon all that was
left of the boy was a skeleton and the figure walked away. The title of the
movie then came up on the screen, written with blood.

Ryoko- This is gonna be good.

Trunks- Yeah.

The movie was 2 and a half hours long and really gory. Ryoko shoved the last
of the bagged sweets into her mouth and Trunks finished off the popcorn as
the movie rolled the end credits. They got up from their seats and followed
a line of people whose hair was standing on end and their eyes filled with
fear. Those people ran out of the cinema as quick as possible but not alone.
They were afraid to be alone. Ryoko and Trunks walked out of the cinema
casually.

Ryoko- (yawns and stretches) That was without a doubt the most boring movie
I have ever seen! Scary? I’ve seen scarier halloween costumes! Right Trunks?

Trunks- I dunno. I thought that it was quite scary but not scary enough.

Ryoko- The blood and the hearts didn’t look real enough. They should’ve used
real ones. What were those people scared of? Weaklings. Weak of mind and
weak of strength. So, where are we going next?

Trunks- To eat. (teleports the two of them to an expensive restaurant)

Ryoko- Wow! Cool!

Trunks and Ryoko walked up to the front of the queue and Trunks showed the
man blocking the entrance their passes. He let them through and angry people
who were in the line yelled at them. Inside there were chandeliers and fancy
waiters and candles at the tables and…

Ryoko- Wow! This place rocks! I bet the food is as good as Tretfonda’s!

Waiter- Do you have a reservation senor?

Trunks- Ci. Here. (hands the spanish waiter the passes)

Waiter- Excellente. Gracias senor. This way senor and senoritta.

The waiter took them to a balcony where just one table was. There was
romantic music playing and candles on the table.

Waiter- Make your order and I shall return soon. Drinks?

Trunks- I’ll have a glass of red wine.

Ryoko- I’m ok thanks.

Waiter- As you wish. (walks off)

Trunks- Aren’t you thirsty?

Ryoko- Yeah but the drink I desire won’t be here. (brings up holo-top) Its
called a sinide special. Computer.

Computer- Yeah?

Ryoko- Give me a Sinead special.

Computer- K. (makes a glass and a liquid goes into it)

Ryoko- Thanx. (gets rid if holo-top)

Trunks- What is that stuff?

Ryoko- My own secret recipe.

Trunks- Can I try it?

Ryoko- Er…you’d better not.

Trunks- Why.

Ryoko- It’s lethal to all except those related to a goddess. So unless you
want to die you’d better not.

Trunks- Oh. What’re you gonna have as a starter?

Ryoko- I’m not sure. (looks at the menu) I think I’ll…

Ryoko stopped as she listened to the words of the song that was playing.

Here I stand alone

With this weight upon my heart

And it will not go away

In my head I keep on looking back

Right back to the start

Wondering what it was that made you change

Well I tried but I had to draw the line

And still this question keeps on spinning in my mind

What if I had never let you go

Would you be the man I used to know

If I’d stayed

If you tried

If we could only turn back time

But I guess, we’ll never know

Many roads to take

Some to joy some to heartache

Anyone can lose their way

And if I said that we could turn it back

Right back to the start

Would you take the chance and make a change

Do you think how it would have been sometimes

Do you pray that I’d never left your side

What if I had never let you go

Would you be the man I used to know

If I’d stayed

If you tried

If we could only turn back time

But I guess, we’ll never know

If only we could turn the hands of time

If I could take it back

Would you still be mine?

Cause I tried but I had to draw the line

And still this question keeps on spinning in my mind

What if I had never let you go

Would you be the man I used to know

What if I had never walked away

Cause I still love you, more than I could say

If I’d stayed

If you tried

If we could only turn back time

But I guess, we’ll never know

We’ll never know.

Ryoko sniffed as the song ended. It reminded her of Tenchi.

Trunks- Are you ok Ryoko?

Ryoko- (sniffs) Yeah. I’m fine.

Trunks- Are you sure?

Ryoko nodded her head and cheered up when she heard a not so romantic song
been played. It was ‘You make me sick’ by Pink.

Ryoko- (thinks) Now THAT is a song dedicated to Tenchi. (smiles) Ok, I’ll
have the…prawns.

Trunks- Sounds good! I’ll order the same. What about main course?

Ryoko- Hmm…what’s the biggest dish here? I’ll have the 30 oz gammon with two
fried eggs and chips.

Trunks- I’m gonna have…hmm…the same. Sweet?

Ryoko- Aw thanx. So are you.

Trunks- Huh?

Ryoko- You called me sweet.

Trunks- Oh well…thanks…I…er…you are sweet n all…I wasn’t…on about…that.

Ryoko- What did you mean then?

Trunks- Dessert.

Ryoko- Oh! Well I’m gonna have the knickerbocker glory! King size!

Trunks- I’m gonna have the 20 people portion of profiteroles.

Ryoko- The knickerbocker glory could feed that many people.

Trunks- Excuse me? (talks to their waiter)

Waiter- Yes senor? Would you like to order?

Trunks- Yeah. I’ll have the prawns to start followed by the 30 oz gammon
with two eggs and chips and finally the 20 people profiteroles.

Waiter- (eyes bulge) Is that for both of you senor?

Trunks- Nope. Just for me. Is that a problem?

Waiter- Of…of course not. What about you senoritta?

Ryoko- I’ll have the same but for dessert I’ll have a king size
knickerbocker glory instead.

Waiter-V…ve…very well senoritta. (walks off muttering) Kids today and their
stomachs.

Trunks- (frowns a Vegeta frown)

Ryoko- (giggles)

15 minutes later the waiter came back with the starters.

Trunks- Thank you.

Ryoko- Cheers! (takes a bite from one of the prawns)

Trunks- Any good?

Ryoko- There delicious! (A.n- I personally HATE prawns! There disgusting!
Bleuch!) Not as good as the ones on Tretfonda but still the second best in
the universe!

Trunks- (takes a bite) There gorgeous! I haven’t tasted any food from
Tretfonda but if there’s are better than these then they must be brilliant!

The two of them ate their prawns quickly without talking, only listening to
the music. Once they had finished, the waiter came and took away their
plates and returned with the two ginormous dishes of food. The food portions
may have been gigantic but they were no match for a Sayain’s appetite. Once
the main course had been devoured the waiter got rid of the plates and
brought the biggest meal yet, the dessert. Trunks devoured the 50
profiteroles smothered in chocolate in less than 2 minutes and Ryoko ate the
knickerbocker glory’s many ice cream flavours in 59 seconds. Once they were
done, Trunks paid the very expensive bill and gave the waiter a $10 tip. He
was going to give a $25 tip but remembered how rude the waiter was when he
thought that they were out of earshot. The two of them went to the toilets
and to a disco.

Ryoko- Those portions there were huge! But yet I’m still hungry!

Trunks- Yeah. (burps) Me too.

The two of them walked into the disco and partyed until early the next
morning. Once again, Ryoko had drank bottles and bottles of sake but still
wasn’t drunk but as for Trunks…he was. Very.

Trunks- The evil squirrels throwing peanuts at me. Its mocking me. I’ll kill
it. Little squirrel, come here…

Ryoko- I can easily guess where Trunks gets this from. (teleports the two of
the to Trunks’ room and puts Trunks’ in bed)

Trunks- I’M GONNA DIE!

Ryoko- (sighs and injects him with a sleeping fluid) Night Trunks. (kisses
him)

Trunks- Night Ryoko…I…love…you. (falls asleep)

Ryoko then walked to her room and teleported to her sleeping quarters. She
opened her mind link with Vegeta to find that he was just coming in from
training when it was 5:00am.

Ryoko- He must’ve just woken up from when he got knocked out. I know that he
takes ages to come back to reality once he’s been unconscious. (walks
downstairs and goes into the kitchen) I need a non-alcoholic drink. (takes
out a carton of pure orange juice and drinks it from the carton) That’s
better! (A.N- Another thing I hate. I HATE PURE ORANGE JUICE! BLEUCH!)

Vegeta- What’re you doing up so early woman?

Ryoko- Getting a drink. I need to get the taste of alcohol out of my mouth.
I had way too much. (yawns) There’s no point in going to bed now. I’m going
to train. Care to join me?

Vegeta- No. I’m gonna (yawns and falls asleep on the floor)

Ryoko- (shakes head) Better clean him up.

Ryoko cleaned up Vegeta’s wounds from training and changed his suit (A.N- To
all you hentais out there, she didn’t change him by hand! She used her
computer to get another suit on him!) so that he would be more comfortable.
She then carried him up to bed and placed him in bed gently. She kissed his
forehead and went into her lab to do some activities. She’d done her verbal
exercises already but still had to do her mental and physical. She brought
up her computer.

Ryoko- Hey computer!

Computer- Hi! What’s up!

Ryoko- (thinks) Thank god I fixed this computer! (speaks up) I need my
mental exercises.

Computer- Ok! Question 1. What is an energy swords heat and mass?

Ryoko- Depends on the person. The heat of the sword is the body temp times
1000 and the mass is equivalent to that of the air. It has no mass.

Computer- 100% correct! Question 2, how do you…

Ryoko carried on with the questions and got every one of them right. Once
she had completed question 1000 she stopped.

Ryoko- That’s enough for now.

Computer- Ok. Physical training now?

Ryoko- Yep.

Computer- Gravity level?

Ryoko- 99,000.

Computer- Are you sick? You at least usually have 100,000 and that’s only if
you are tired. What’s wrong?

Ryoko- I’ve just got a lot on my mind at the moment.

Computer- I understand. (teleports Ryoko to her gravity room)

Ryoko- Time for a work out.

Ryoko worked at the speed of sound but that still was way too slow for her.
She was too deep in thought.

Ryoko- Who do I love? I know that I love them both but which one do I want
to be with always? I love him the most at the moment but the tables still
could change. (sighs) Why does everything in life have to be so BLOODY
COMPLICATED!

But, someone was watching Ryoko. They were the reason Ryoko was in that
dimension in the first place.

Figure- Perfect. Away from Tenchi and in a serious situation. That boy has
defeated Yugi. My best creation. My most evil creation. Gone at the hands of
that boy. He is no danger now. Since Ryoko is elsewhere, Ayeka is planning
to go back to Jurai with Sasami and Mihoshi and Kiyone are working in an
office. My sister is no threat. Her daughter is more useful for me now. Once
she gets hurt, the power unleashed by those two men will be great enough for
me to rule the universe! It still won’t be enough for me to beat my three
sisters though but when I get those two fool’s power, Ryoko will get mad.
Now that she has surpassed her mother in power, her power combined with that
of Trunks’ and Vegeta’s will be enough for me to destroy my sisters! ALL
THREE OF THEM! (laughs evilly)

Servant- What do you wish my lady?

Figure- Nothing yet. I will my move soon.

Servant- As you wish Lady Maligno.

Lady Maligno- Soon, my little ones, soon…

That’s it! Well? What’s gonna happen? Who is this Lady Maligno? What’s gonna
happen to our fave characters? Well, find it out next time! Oh by the way, I
thought that I’d tell you that Maligno is Spanish for evil spirit. That give
you a clue? Well whatever. Ryoko better prepare herself to face the most
powerful evil mind ever! The next chap should be entitled ‘The Watcher’ but
don’t forget that it can change! So if ya wanna send me praise (^_^), flames
(L ) or just wanna chat to a beautiful girl then e-mail me at
petaholic2001@hotmail.com