Disclaimer- I do not own any of the characters in my fic! Ok!

Alright, the next part of my fanfic is now up! I’ve been slacking off
writing 4 a while coz I had 2 go back 2 school (the horror, the horror!).
Ok, here we go!

A visitor to the DBZ gang could result in the battle of the century between
father and son!

The Ryoko Saga

‘The Search’

Gohan- Where are we?

18- We are in the main corridor of the ship. All of the doors to the main
room are in this corridor. At least, that’s what the map says.

Vegeta- Enough of your idiotic chatter. Where are the holding chambers!

18- I’m just checking vegetable-head! Hmm, they should be at the very end of
the corridor. The non-important holding chambers are to the right, the more
important are to the left and the most powerful is straight ahead. That must
be where they are.

Trunks- Then let’s go!

The five of them wandered down the corridor unaware that their every move
was been closely monitored.

Kagato- Those pathetic fools! They have no idea of the torture they will
endure once they get here. Our corridor is the last they will ever walk
down.

Frieza- And if they try to free our prisoners, the electric forcefield
around the tubes will electrocute them. This will be the easiest conquer in
my history!

Kagato and Frieza- (laugh evilly)

While the two villains were laughing, our heroes and one of our heroines
were getting closer. They had to go past hundreds of doors to get to the
main holding chambers. That didn’t stop Vegeta from trying to fly there even
though every time he tried, he was given a quick electric shock.

Vegeta- (gets electrocuted)

18- We keep telling you Vegeta. Stop bloody flying! What are you?! A
maniac!? We have to get there quickly!

Vegeta- Who put you in charge tin-can?!

18- I’m not in charge vegetable-brain! We are on a rescue mission here!

Goku- Hey guys! Quit fighting! We have to save our energy for the battle!

Vegeta- Smart words coming from the mouth of an idiot.

Goku- (holds in his anger as usual)

Gohan- Look! There’s the last door!

Trunks- Let’s hurry!

The five of them hurry to the door but find that it never gets any closer.
The faster they run, the farther the door gets away.

18- It’s an optical elusion door!

Goku- So, er, how do we get through it?

18- We stop running. (the gang stops running) Then we walk slowly up to the
door. (the gang walks slowly) and wait.

They were now several metres from the door but anytime anyone approached it,
it would go back and they would have to start again. Vegeta made this
mistake many times in his haste.

18- I told you to stay still!

Vegeta- Well, what’s taking so long?!

18- sh. (whispers) We’re close enough, now. (speaks up) la mina, se caso de
whana na toso e wala fi nico se sico no wala mi ala ne fi why dodo e COME!

While 18 was saying this, she was making many hand movements which created
energy in her palm. At her final word of ‘COME!’ the door stopped moving and
stayed still. She then hurled the energy at it and ran forward to it. The
others followed her and watched as she typed in a code on the lock and the
door opened. This place was no holding chamber. There was fire in all
directions and a door at the end of the room. The gang ran across it quickly
so not to burn themselves. Goku tried the door. It was locked. 18 made a few
more hand movements and this created a key. She put the key in the lock and
the door opened. In this room there was sharp needles everywhere. 18 seemed
to have come prepared and gave the Z fighters a potion. They drank it and
turned into winds. 18 the North wind, Vegeta the South wind, Trunks the west
wind, Goku the east wind and Gohan the North-east wind. All five of them
floated across the room and through the keyhole. On the other side 18 gave
them each another potion that turned them into snakes as this room was a
jungle which was very cramped. They slithered along the vines and killed any
animal in their path. When at the door, 18 changed them back to normal with
another potion and created another key. She slid it into the lock. The next
room was an ocean, filled with great white sharks and a monster. This
monster had a T-rex’s teeth, a bears claws, a gorilla’s structure and a club
for a tail. 18 solved this problem easily. She breathed across the ocean
while doing more hand movements and the ocean turned to ice. They skated
across it, glad that the new and improved Android 18 had decided to come
with them. Once to the door, the monster jumped out of the water and
attacked Goku. He fought very well, but the beast had amazing strength and
power. Goku retreated quickly and ran back to the door as 18 grabbed its
neck, and disintegrated it.

18- Really…haven’t you been training Goku?

Goku- (looks down at the floor)

She floated straight through the door and unlocked it from the other side.
They were almost there.

18- This is the last room. Then the main chamber and our destiny awaits.

Gohan- How will we defeat them all though?

18- By using something that you guys never use. Your intelligence assuming
you have got some brains.

Goku- Hey!

18- Are you ready or what? I’ll take on Dr. Gyro and evil 17, Vegeta you
take on your father and mother, Goku you take on Cell and evil Piccolo,
Trunks you take on evil me and Gohan…

Gohan- Yes?

18- You take on Raditz and Nappa. Trunks, the evil me is wearing red. I’m
wearing blue. Don’t attack the wrong one.

Trunks- Why do I have to fight only one?

18- Because I can sense my evil self’s power levels. Much higher then the
others. Should be a challenge.

Trunks- k.

Nappa- Well look here, who’s the pretty lady and the ugly bunch?

18- Get ready to die slimeball.

Everyone then attacked.

Chi-Chi paced up and down in the capsule corporation. She was really
worried. She hated not been able to do anything. She kicked the table in
frustration.

Bulma- If you keep on doing that Chi-Chi then that table’s gonna colapse.

Chi-Chi- I don’t care. Aren’t you worried Bulma?

Bulma- We all are Chi-Chi, especially that Mihoshi. She’s crying her eyes
out and its driving me insane!

Mihoshi- (cries insanely)

Ayeka- To be honest Lord Tenchi, they shouldn’t have gone after that bitch
Ryoko. The only reason they must be doing this is to stop the universe been
blown up!

Tenchi- Miss Ayeka, Ryoko is a person. She deserves to live. And they went
after her because. A, Ryoko is 18’s best friend. B, Hisui is Gohan’s
girlfriend. C, Ryoko is a good friend of Goku and D, Vegeta and Trunks both
have a crush on her. I should be out there helping but I’m not as strong as
them.

Ayeka- And that’s perfect Lord Tenchi because you can stay here with me!
(hugs him)

Tenchi- er…Ayeka? (takes her arms from around his waist) I’m going for a
walk.

Ayeka- Can I come?

Tenchi- No. I want to think some things through. (walks outside)

Kiyone- Mihoshi! Stop crying!

Mihoshi- But its just so sad! (cries even more)

Kiyone- And you’re not making it any better! Shut the hell up!

Mihoshi- (cries a lot harder)

Kiyone- I give up. (walks upstairs)

Bulma- (thinks) How can my husband be in love with Ryoko!? How?! But he’s
not even your husband. What?! You heard me. You didn’t marry him, you just
had a child with him. You are going out with him still. Well, hmph! Shut up!
Stupid inner voice…I heard that!

Krillin- I wonder how 18’s doing? (looks up at the stars from his position
outside)

Unknown to Krillin and the others, 18 was doing just fine. Dr. Gyro was
defeated and killed with one energy blast through the stomach. Now she was
battling 17. Vegeta had beaten his mother and was onto his father, Goku had
defeated evil Piccolo and was onto Cell, Trunks was getting beaten up by
evil 18 and Gohan had defeated Nappa by slicing off his head with a ki beam.
Gohan attacked Raditz and they matched each other punch to punch kick to
kick for a while until Gohan punched him across the face, kicked him in the
stomach and shot a ki beam through his heart. Gohan then went towards the
others and watched for when he could come in. Goku was beating up Cell and
then disintegrated him. He then ran over to Gohan. Vegeta was equal in
strength to his evil father but his father had no wits. Vegeta remembered
what 18 had said and used his intelligence for the first time in his life.
He ran up to his father ready to give him a punch and his father crossed his
arms over his chest in defence. Vegeta went through his father as a hologram
and then reappeared and gave him a punch through the chest and a ki beam
through the heart. He stepped back and walked back over to the others and
smirked. 18 was matching 17 but she hadn’t begun yet. She transformed into a
giant…and stood on her evil twin brother. She changed back and got ready for
a fight but one never came. He was flattened but just to make sure, 18 shot
a ki beam through his head. She then went over to Trunks and her evil self
to find that he was getting beaten up as her evil self was not a pushover,
unlike the other so called ‘challengers’. The good 18 shoved Trunks out of
the way and punched her evil self in the face. Then she punched her in the
stomach which caused her to fall on the floor. Then she grabbed her, and
squeezed her tight so she would suffocate. Little by little, the evil
android stopped breathing and when the artificial heart had stopped working,
18 let the evil version of herself go. Now ready for the main battle, she
walked over to the others and took out a key from her pocket. She slid it
into the lock and turned it. The door opened to reveal the main room. The
goddess Tsunami was in a glass tube and in another glass tube next to her
was Sasami. Around the two of them was a glass wall. Next to their glass
wall was the goddess Tokimi in a glass tube and in another one next to her
was her servant D3. They also had a glass wall around them both. Next was
Washu in a glass tube and next to her was Ryoko and Hisui in separate glass
tubes. They also had the glass wall around them. All of the prisoners were
in a deep sleep.

Trunks- Ryoko!

Gohan- Hisui!

All of the prisoners then woke up. A green light on the top of their tubes
showed this.

Ryoko- Hey! Guys! Get me outta here!

Hisui- Gohan! Help! It’s got some special hold on us this stupid tube!

Goku- Hang on!

18- We’re coming!

Kagato- Oh, I doubt that.

Everyone- Huh? (turns their heads to the shadows)

Frieza- We need them for our plan and you will get in our way. Today is the
day of your slow and painful demise.

Vegeta- NOT A CHANCE IN HELL!

Frieza- Ah, the monkey’s here. I will enjoy watching you suffer.

Kagato- And 18, I will enjoy your death very much.

18- GO TO HELL!

Kagato- Get ready 18, here I come.

Frieza- Today is your last day monkey.

And with that, they started fighting. 18 to Kagato, Vegeta to Frieza.

MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! I know that ur probably shouting at me for leaving
it at a cliffhanger but hey! It builds up suspense! Anyways, I’ll write
quicker with praise so e-mail me! If ya wanna send me praise then (^_^),
flames or just wanna chat to a beautiful lady then e-mail me at
petaholic2001@hotmail.com
