Disclaimer- I¡¦ve said enuf on the stupid disclaimers in all my other
chapters! Do I really have 2 do it again? Well tough! :p

Okies! The newest chapter 2 this saga!

The Ryoko Saga

¡¥A Potion¡¦s Ingredients¡¦

Bulma- Ok everyone! Listen up!
Yamcha- What is it Bulma?
Bulma- Vegeta¡¦s just told me telepathically how to defeat the one that¡¦s
caused all of this.
Krillen- Ok! What we gotta do?
Bulma- We have to collect a few things-
Yamcha-I figured that! What are those things is what we want to know!
Bulma- Keep your shirt on Yamcha! Those things are a drop of human blood, a
red rose with 13 petals, lava from a recently erupted volcano and a necklace
of Vegetas.
Krillen- Those sure are weird ingredients.
Bulma- Well, those are what we have to collect. The necklace is already here
and so is the human blood. We can pick the rose from my mom¡¦s garden.
First, let¡¦s get the necklace.

Everyone ran after Bulma who had left the room and gone upstairs. They
watched as she opened Vegeta¡¦s bedroom door and they all braced themselves
for an intruder alarm to go off or something. Nothing happened.

Bulma- Nothing to worry about. It¡¦s only Vegeta.

Bulma walked into the room and suddenly¡Ka bucket of water that had been on
the door fell onto her head. Everyone burst out laughing.

Bulma- VEGETA!!!!!!!!!!!
Yamcha- (laughs) What was that about not worrying?
Bulma- (takes the bucket from her head) Oh shut up!
Krillen- Man, Vegeta¡¦s got the place booby-trapped.
Tien- We should be careful now.
Chi-Chi- Well, I for one am not going inside that terrible man¡¦s room.
I¡¦ll stay here.
Bulma- Fine. (shakes herself to get rid of some water)

Bulma walked further into the room with Krillen, Yamcha and Tien following
her. They were shocked to find out how untidy Vegeta was. They stepped over
everything in the way and Bulma sat on Vegeta¡¦s bed and leant towards the
right hand drawer. She put her hand on the drawer knob slowly, just in case.
She tried to open it but it was locked.

Yamcha- Figures.
Bulma- Vegeta did say that if I touched anything else that was in that box
he would discintergrate my arms. Must be pretty personal.
Krillen- Maybe a diary!
Bulma- Yeah! Hmmm, well lucky I got a skeleton key. Made it a few years ago.

She took the key out of her pocket and slotted it into the lock on the
drawer. It moulded itself to the right shape and opened the drawer. Everyone
stepped forward to take a look. Inside was the green box. Bulma took it out
and sat further back on the bed. Everyone watched closely as she slid the
skeleton key into the lock on the box. She heard the click to signal that
the box was open and lifted the lid¡Kand received a small ki blast in the
face.

Bulma- VEGETA!
Tien- Man, this stuff must be personal.
Krillen- Bulma that¡¦s like the second time you¡¦ve called out Vegeta¡¦s
name today¡Khmm I wonder¡K
Bulma- KRILLEN YOU ARE SO DEAD!

Krillen backed away from the raging Bulma as she blew steam from her ears.
She shook her fist at him and sighed. She turned her attention back to the
box. Inside, was a small book and the necklace. Bulma picked up the necklace
and looked at it. It was a octagonal shaped ruby with a solid gold chain.
The ruby itself had writing on it in a language that none of them knew.
Bulma put the necklace into her pocket and looked at the book. She grabbed
hold of it¡Kand got an electric shock rendering her unconscious. Everyone
ran to Bulma¡¦s aid when a voice was heard. Belonging to Vegeta.

Vegeta- I told you woman! DO NOT TOUCH ANYTHING ELSE FROM THIS BOX! THE
NECKLACE ONLY!

The box suddenly snapped shut and became locked again. It lifted itself up
into the air and landed back in the drawer. The drawer closed and locked
itself.

Vegeta- NEVER TOUCH THAT BOX AGAIN!

Then Vegeta¡¦s voice was gone, leaving everyone with an unconscious Bulma.

Krillen- Man! There must be something in there that he seriously doesn¡¦t
want anyone to see!
Yamcha- Yeah!
Piccolo- I think we¡¦d better wake up Bulma. We don¡¦t know how much time we
have left.
Tien- You¡¦re right.

Piccolo picked her up and put her on the couch downstairs with a worried
Chi-Chi following closely behind. He woke her up and she sat up immediately.

Bulma- Vegeta is so dead when I next see him!
Piccolo- You have the necklace?
Bulma- Yup! Now, we need a rose with 13 petals.
Tien- That¡¦s gonna be difficult.
Bulma- You haven¡¦t seen my mother¡¦s rose garden have you?

Bulma got up from the couch and walked outside with everyone following her.
They walked to the back of C.C and were amazed. There was a giant field of
roses farther than the eye could see!

Bulma- There are red and white roses. We need a red one. With exactly 13
petals. According to Vegeta, if there are more than that on one rose then we
can¡¦t just pull a few extra ones off. It has to be naturally like this.
Krillen- This is gonna take a while.

Everyone started looking through the rose garden. Many a time, Yamcha tried
to pull a few petals off and make it out that he had found the rose. Bulma
always saw through him. After a few hours, they had searched the entire
garden and not one rose had exactly 13 petals.
Everyone sighed and sat down. Bulma just kept looking. While everyone
rested, she checked further towards the back. All these roses were dead. But
wait! Right in the middle of the dead roses, a red rose stood proud. Bulma
ran to it and counted its petals.

Bulma- 1¡K2¡K3¡K4¡K5¡K6¡K7¡K8¡K9¡K10¡K11¡K12¡K13!!!

She checked the rose again and there were exactly 13 petals. She cheered in
her triumph and ran back to the Z warriors. She looked at them smugly.

Bulma- I found the flower.
Chi-Chi- Well done Bulma!
Yamcha- Yeah, well done.

Everyone went back inside and laid the necklace and the rose on the table.

Bulma- Now we need the lava.
Tien- Yeah, but does anyone know any volcanoes that have recently erupted?
Yamcha- No.
Krillen- No. (switches on the T.V)

The news was on and Krillen watched it while the others thought. The main
story came on and Krillen listened closely.

Reporter- As you can see, Mount Hercules has no intention of stopping its
eruption anytime soon. Everyone has already fled the zone although a few
remain here, refusing to leave behind their homes. The lava flow is closing
in on my location (laughs weakly) so I¡¦m going to get out of here. Ryo
Zara, newsdesk, live from Capsule Town.
Krillen- Hey guys!
Bulma- We saw it.
Chi-Chi- I¡¦m not going!
Bulma- I am!
Yamcha- No you¡¦re not Bulma.
Krillen- Yamcha¡¦s right. You should stay here with Chi-Chi.
Bulma- Ok then! FINE! Here¡¦s the container for the lava, its magma proof.
Tien- Right.
Piccolo- (takes the container)
Yamcha- Cya later!

Yamcha, Piccolo, Krillen and Tien flew out of Capsule Corp and started
flying towards Capsule Town. They soon arrived and watched as the lava crept
closer to the town. People were running with suitcases in their hands and
getting into cars. The gang shrugged and flew to the volcano. They stood on
the edge.

Tien- Man is it hot or what!
Krillen- Phew! So who¡¦s gonna get the lava?
Yamcha- I will!
Krillen- Trying to be a big hero for Bulma, eh?
Yamcha- (goes red) NO I AM NOT!
Krillen- What ever.
Piccolo- Here¡¦s the container.

Piccolo handed Yamcha the container and Krillen mock saluted Yamcha. Yamcha
glared at Krillen before doing a back flip into the volcano.

Tien- Show off.

Yamcha stopped on a rock that was in the lava. He wiped his brow and flew a
bit closer to the lava. He gulped and decided that he must do this quickly
to avoid getting burnt to a crisp. He flew down and skimmed the surface of
the lava to allow it to fill the container. He flew straight up and looked
at the container that was full to the top with lava.

Yamcha- Phew! (wipes his forehead)

He landed on the edge of the volcano and bowed to the others.

Krillen- Wow, you actually did it!
Piccolo- No time for idle talk, we must get this back quickly.
Tien- Right.

They flew off quickly with Yamcha lagging behind muttering to himself.

Yamcha- Good for nothing¡Kat least Bulma will take note of how heroic I am.

They landed back at capsule corp 15 minutes later and ran inside where Bulma
was chatting with Chi-Chi.

Bulma- Finally! I¡¦ve got the cauldron ready.
Yamcha- I got the lava myself.
Bulma- That¡¦s great. Now pour it into the cauldron.
Krillen- (whispers to Piccolo) I take it as witches always keep one with
them.
Bulma- I HEARD THAT CHROME DOME!
Tien- You¡¦ve been around Vegeta too long Bulma.
Yamcha- And since when have you had a cauldron.
Bulma- It was an old Halloween thing that we kept the sweets in for Trunks.
Piccolo- No wonder its so huge.

Yamcha then poured the lava into the cauldron while Bulma tried to remember
the instructions that Vegeta gave her.

Bulma- (thinks) Blood on rose, rose in lava, rose out of lava, necklace in
lava. That¡¦s it!
Piccolo- Now what?

Bulma stepped up to the cauldron and everyone watched her closely as she
took a needle and pricked herself on her arm. She held her arm over the rose
and let just one drop of blood fall onto the rose before moving her arm away
and wrapping it in cloth. Doing a quick job of her arm, she held the rose
over the lava and turned it upside down. Holding the end of the stem, she
stirred the lava with the rose. After a couple of minutes, she took out the
rose to discover the petals had all gone into the lava. She handed the stem
to Piccolo and grabbed Vegeta¡¦s necklace. She held the beautiful chain and
dipped the ruby slowly into the lava until she got to the part that
connected the chain to the ruby. She held it there while the lava bubbled.
After an hour, the chain still hadn¡¦t got a red glow and her arm was
starting to ache. She sighed and kept the ruby in the lava. She closed her
eyes in irritation when a red glow started to go through her eye-lids. She
opened her eyes to discover that the chain was glowing a blood red. She
quickly pulled the necklace out of the lava to see that the entire necklace
was glowing.

Bulma- It¡¦s ready guys!

Everyone had gone to sit on the couch and were watching T.V except for
Piccolo who refused to sit down. Everyone got up and Krillen switched off
the T.V.

Bulma- Tien! Go quickly get the dimension remote! It¡¦s in Trunks¡¦ room!

Tien ran up the stairs and into Trunks¡¦ room.

Bulma- NOT THAT TRUNKS! THE FUTURE TRUNKS!!!

Tien quickly ran out of baby Trunks¡¦ room and into Future Trunks¡¦ room. He
saw a remote on the bookcase that didn¡¦t look like a T.V remote and brought
it downstairs.

Bulma- Give it to Piccolo.

Tien handed the remote to Piccolo and Bulma handed the chain to Piccolo
also.

Bulma- Piccolo, repeat after me. Take me to Vegeta, Lady Maligno¡¦s
dimension.
Piccolo- Take me to Vegeta, Lady Maligno¡¦s dimension.

With that said, Piccolo vanished.

Bulma- Good luck Piccolo, you¡¦ll need it.

That¡¦s the 21st chapter!! Man! I never thought I¡¦d still be writing at
this chapter! Oh and, you know that little book in Vegeta¡¦s green box?
Remember that. It¡¦ll be a main part in the chapters to come. And the next
chapter my 22ND CHAPTER! ^_^ Will be entitled¡Kum¡KI dunno! I¡¦ll have to
think about it! Lol. Well, who¡¦s loving this fic? E-mail me if ya do!
Please, or ill cry. ƒ¼ Hee hee. Well, if ya wanna send me praise (^_^),
flames ƒ¼, add me to ur messenger contacts, or just wanna chat 2 the coolest
but weirdest teen around then e-mail me at petaholic2001@hotmail.com