The Ryoko Saga

‘Valentine’s Day’

Ryoko looked up from her computer. She thought that she had heard someone
enter her lab. She sighed and turned her attention back to her work. But she
just couldn’t concentrate. She couldn’t get the conversation that she had
had with Vegeta out of her head. She replayed it in her mind.

FLASHBACK:

Vegeta- (whispers) What?

Ryoko- Do you love me really?

Vegeta- I…I…I’ve never had emotions like these before.

Ryoko- What about Bulma?

Vegeta- I didn’t love her.

Ryoko- But you love me?

Vegeta- Yes.

Ryoko- Vegeta…I…

At that moment Vegeta lent in and gave her a soft kiss. It was long but
gentle and they both enjoyed it thoroughly. Ryoko pulled back first. Then
she kissed him on the cheek.

Ryoko- It’s late. I’d better go to bed. You too.

With that Ryoko flew through the walls of C.C and into her room. She left
Vegeta standing there with his thoughts.

END FLASHBACK:

Ryoko sighed. A deep sigh. What was she to do? She loved Trunks the same as
Vegeta but Vegeta had some qualities that Trunks didn’t. And vice versa. She
got rid of her holo-top and her bed came out. She laid down upon it and
thought deep. She rubbed her lips with her finger and smiled. Meanwhile in
Vegeta’s room, he was thinking too. He rubbed his cheek with his hand.

Vegeta- (thinks) I told her. I actually told her. It’s true though. I can
never admit it to the others though. My pride won’t allow it.

Vegeta then heard a singing voice from outside of his room. It was way off
tune and sounded terrible.

Vegeta- Woman.

Bulma was dancing around happily at the fact that she had got a date
tonight. She wasn’t going out with Vegeta. They both had agreed on that but
she was a little miffed when she found out of Vegeta’s attraction to Ryoko.
She was only miffed because he liked someone else when he had a child
already even if it was accidental. She skipped around and heard a heavy moan
from Vegeta.

Vegeta- Will you shut up woman! You can’t sing!

Bulma- Well I can sing better than you!

The two of them glared at one another until Ryoko walked past them and
didn’t even say hi. She was too deep in thought. Vegeta focused his
attention on Ryoko as she jumped over the banister and floated to the ground
floor below. He grunted at Bulma and walked away. She shouted in triumph. He
flew to the ground floor were Ryoko was stuffing her face. She didn’t eat
with as much enthusiasm as she usually did though. He stared at her face.
She was deep in thought. He sat down and started stuffing his face and for
some unknown reason he took a look at the calender. He nearly spat out his
food in shock of the date.

Vegeta- (thinks) So that’s why the idiotic loudmouth is so happy. She’s got
a date on the sappiest night of the entire miserable year!

He stared at Ryoko.

Vegeta- (thinks) She did say something about an uninterrupted date…should I?
(speaks up) Demon.

Ryoko- What?

Vegeta- About this plan of yours. What if I do my part tonight.

Ryoko- Plan? Oh yeah! (looks at the calender) It’s…Valentines day! You’re
gonna take me out!

Vegeta- yeah.

Ryoko- Great! Well, I’m off. I need a workout. See you vegetable-head!

Vegeta- Not if I see you first demon! Kame, women are impossible!

Vegeta walked outside to the gravity room when something hit him like a
bullet.

Vegeta- (thinks) I need to get her a present. And decide on where we’re
going! (looks longingly at the gravity chamber) I guess my training will
have to be put on hold. (flies off)

Vegeta flew to the mall, forbidden territory for him. He looked at all the
clothing shops and shuddered.

Vegeta- Now what am I going to get for the little spoilt demon goddess? Hmm…

He spotted a flower store and walked up to it. He hesitantly went in.

Shopkeeper- Hello! How can I help you?

Vegta- Listen old woman, I need three dozen roses delievered to this person
today. (hands her Ryoko’s picture) Here is the address (hands her a card)
and put the bill on my credit card (A.N- Yes Vegeta does have a credit card,
from Bulma!).

Shopkeeper- Y…ye…yes s…sir! I’ll have it delievered immediately!

Vegeta- Good. (flies out of the shop) Now, what else?

He spotted a fighter’s shop and went inside. There were fighting outfits
everywhere. Ones like Vegeta'’ and catsuits like Ryoko’s. He spotted a new
catsuit. It was light blue and had silver glitter around the mid section to
the shoulders. Next to it was a pair of white gloves and white boots. He
looked at the sizes and got the smallest one. Ryoko had a very small waist.
He took them to the counter and paid quickly and left quickly. He had made
the girl at the counter wrap them up in a nice box with blood red paper. He
travelled to an expensive jewellery store and looked at the selection. He
wasn’t impressed. Then he saw it. A beautiful necklace with a very thick
chain. It’s chain was 4cms thick and was solid gold. Attached to the end of
the necklace was a gold heart and in the centre of the heart was a diamond.
This diamond was famous. Vegeta looked at the inscription on the top of the
case it was held in. It said.

THIS NECKLACE WAS WORN BY QUEEN VICTORIA AND IT’S DIAMOND IS THE PUREST
DIAMOND IN THE KNOWN WORLD.

Vegeta- (thinks) No wonder its fairly expensive. I’ll get it.

He walked over to the counter and waited to be served. He finally got his
turn.

Clerk- What can I help you with sir?

Vegeta- The heart diamond.

Clerk- You mean the famous heart diamond?

Vegeta- YES THAT ONE!!

Clerk- You do know how much it is?

Vegeta- YES I DO! (hands the man his credit card)

Clerk- (swipes it through the machine and his eyes bulge) Well sir, I
believe that you can easily afford this necklace. Who’s the lucky lady?

Vegeta- None of your business. Now hurry up!

Clerk- Do you want it wrapped up?

Vegeta- Yes.

Clerk- What colour?

Vegeta- Blood red.

Clerk- A fighter girl?

Vegeta- Yes and don’t be so nosey you old git!

Clerk- (hands Vegeta the box and his credit card) Thank you for shopping
here sir.

Vegeta- Whatever.(leaves shop) That’s the demon’s presents taken care of,
now where to go? (looks at some expensive restaurants) That’s not the
woman’s style…or mine for that matter. Hmmm…what’s the demon’s favourite
planet? I’ll go ask her. (teleports to C.C) I’d better hide her presents.
(hides them behind all his spandex training outfits in his wardrobe)

Vegeta teleported downstairs to find Ryoko only to his dismay she wasn’t
there. She wasn’t in C.C anywhere!

Vegeta- Stupid woman must’ve gone out. Doesn’t stop me from talking to her
telepathically though. (thinks) Hey, demon!

Ryoko- (thinks) What?

Vegeta- What’s your favourite planet?

Ryoko- I have three.

Vegeta- Which would be?

Ryoko- Dischoco 3, Blodbec Sico and tretfonda. Why?

Vegeta- No reason. Bye demon.

Ryoko- Bye Vegetable-brain.

Vegeta- (thinks on his own) Two of those are my favourite planets too but
that other one, Dischoco 3, she’s got to be kidding. She does love karaoke
though. I’ll suffer. Besides its only that one planet.

Dischoco 3 was a party animal planet with non-stop partying all day and all
night. The planet was packed with nightclubs and bars along with discos and
party hotels. Blodbec Sico was a planet full of fighters waiting for a
challenge. As for Tretfonda that was a planet that had the most delicious
food in the universe. It was a planet that purely existed to give food. It
was packed with restaurants, food courts, cafes, you name it. All the
greatest foods in the universe were created on that planet and you can guess
why it was Ryoko and Vegeta’s favourite. As Vegeta was daydreaming about all
the delicious food he would consume during the date, Trunks came up to him.

Trunks- Dad? Hello?

Vegeta- What? What do you want son?

Trunks- Nothing. Just wondering why you were just stood here. Well, bye!
(runs off)

Vegeta- Damn kid. I need more time to think about this date but in a less
embarrassing place. (walks into his bedroom)

Meanwhile Ryoko was out at the mall trying to find a decent present for
Vegeta and Trunks. She could just create something but the mall was much
more fun.

Ryoko- Now, what would the vegetable-brain like? Something to do with war…
wait a minute! I’ll create it! I can’t get it at the mall. I’ll have to do
some serious thinking on that one. K, that’s Vegeta sorted now for Trunks.
He isn’t anything like Vegeta so what would he like? Now that I know he
likes Kiyone as well as me, maybe I could…yeah that’s it! I need to use my
superior intellect for both presents so what a waste of time this was. Oh
well, better get back to my lab. (teleports to her lab) Right, Vegeta’s
won’t take that long to do but as for Trunks’ that might take me a couple of
hours.

As Ryoko was working on her presents, Trunks was out at the mall too. He had
just gotten there when Ryoko had teleported away.

Trunks- Now what can I get the two of them. It’s gonna be difficult to give
Kiyone her present when she’s in another dimension but I’ll figure something
out. Ryoko would like something to do with karaoke or something like that.
She’s a fighter too though. Hmmm maybe I’ll get Kiyone’s first. Right she’s
a galaxy police officer and hates her partner. What can I get her? I know! A
giant heart shaped chocolate cake and a bouquet of roses! I’m a genius!
(runs into ‘Thorntons’ and gets her the biggest heart shaped cake available)
She’ll love it! (runs up to the flower shop but stops at the entrance) I
can’t order the roses, she’s in another dimension for Kame’s sake! I’ll ask
Ryoko about it later. Now for Ryoko’s present, another heart shaped cake?
Yeah that’ll be great for her! (runs back into ‘Thorntons’ and gets anotheer
one) I’d better go back home now. (teleports home and hides the two cakes in
his room)

As Trunks was doing this, Ryoko was just completing Vegeta’s present. It was
a green liquid in a long thin test tube.

Ryoko- Doesn’t look like much but I’ll tell him what it is before he drinks
it. (puts the cap onto the tube and wraps it up in blood red wrapping paper)
Now for Trunks’! I’ll have to slightly break the time space continuem but oh
well! (types furiously on holo-top)

Meanwhile, Vegeta was lying down on his bed thinking about how he was going
to organise the date.

Vegeta- Right, since the woman can change her clothes I presume that she can
change mine too so that’s ok. Partying will be better as the last thing to
do so we’ll go to Blodbec Sinco first, then Tretfonda for food and lastly
Dischoco 3. K, that’s sorted. Now I can fit in a couple of hours of intense
training! (teleports to the gravity room)

The hours went by and Ryoko had finally finished Trunks’ present. It was a
device that looked like a remote control and it had a big red button on it
that said ‘activate’ and a speaker.

Ryoko- Perfect. I am such a genius!

Doll A- Your Ryoko you’re the greatest!

Doll B- Your Ryoko you’re the genius!

Doll A and B- Ryoko! Ryoko! Ryoko! Ryoko! Ryo-

BOOM! Ryoko had blown the two dolls to pieces and their remaining bodies
fell out of her hair.

Ryoko- Man those dolls are annoying. How can Washu cope with them! I don’t
know why I asked her for them when I was little. Oh well! Computer!

Computer- Yeah, whaddya want?

Ryoko- Still got an attitude problem. I really need to fix this god damn
computer!

Computer- Unless you didn’t hear me I said WHADDYA WANT?!

Ryoko- WHAT’S THE TIME YOU HALF-WIT!

Computer- 7PM!

Ryoko- Woah! I’ve gotta be ready in two hours! Better start getting ready!
BOG OFF NOW YOU STUPID PIECE OF SCRAP!

Computer- GLADLY YOU DISGUSTING PIECE OF SHIT!

Ryoko- Ok, fixing this computer is gonna be at the top of tomorrow’s things
to do list. Right, how does Vegeta want me to dress? (thinks) Vege head?

Vegeta- (stops training and thinks) What?

Ryoko- What am I supposed to dress like tonight?

Vegeta- in your fighting catsuit.

Ryoko- Oh cool! Where are we going?

Vegeta- (smirks) Wait and see.

Ryoko- Meanie. (stops thinking) Ok. (phases into catsuit) That was easy. Now
I can just relax for a couple of hours or I can get some training done.
Relax, train, relax, train, relax, train, relax…I’m gonna train. COMPUTER!

Computer- WHAT?

Ryoko- Open up the gravity chamber and set the gravity to 100,00 times
earth’s normal gravity.

Computer- Whatever. (opens up the room) There, ya happy?

Ryoko- Yeah, you can go away now. (mutters) Stupid computer.

Computer- I heard that! (mutters) Idiotic spoilt-

Ryoko- Don’t do anything you’ll regret.

Computer- I’m going! Sheesh!

Ryoko got in 1 and a half hours of training before she decided to go
downstairs.

Ryoko- Right, better go and give Trunks his present.

She teleported downstairs to find Vegeta, trunks and Bulma all watching T.V.
Bulma was dressed up fancy and was waiting for her date to arrive. Suddenly,
a car’s horn was heard outside.

Bulma- My date’s here! Well, bye! (runs outside)

Ryoko- Ok then. Scary. Oh yeah! Trunks?

Trunks- Yeah?

Ryoko- I got ya a present. (hands him the remote)

Trunks- (opens it) What is it?

Ryoko- I know that you love Kiyone as well as me so I created this device
for you. Just switch it on and say whoever you want to come to you into the
speaker, then press the big red button.

Trunks- Ryoko, this is the best present ever! (hugs her)

Vegeta- (growls)

Ryoko- Kiyone is your date for Valentine’s day, Trunks.

Trunks- But what about you?

Ryoko- Vegeta’s already asked me. I’m going with him.

Trunks- Oh. I got you a present too! Wait a minute! (teleports to his room,
grabs the present and comes back downstairs) Here!

Ryoko- Aww, that’s sweet. I’ll eat it later. Thanks. Well, get your date
here.

Trunks- oh yeah! (switches it on) Kiyone Makibi of the Galaxy police in the
2nd dimension. (presses the big red button)

Light emitted from one corner of the room and Kiyone appeared confused and
upset.

Kiyone- where am I?

Ryoko- Hi Kiyone!

Kiyone- Hi Ryoko! What happened?

Ryoko- Do you have a date for tonight?

Kiyone- (speaks sadly) No.

Ryoko- Well, trunks wants to go with you! He’s got a crush on you!

Kiyone- really?

Ryoko- yeah so will you go out with him?

Kiyone- I thought that you were going with him?

Ryoko- Vegeta’s asked me out.

Kiyone- But he’s married!

Ryoko- He isn’t and he isn’t even going out with Bulma!

Kiyone- Oh.

Ryoko- so will you?

Kiyone- Yeah!

Trunks- Wahoo! (runs over to Kiyone and gives her her present)

Kiyone- Thanks. (links arms with him) Shall we go?

Trunks- Yeah! See ya Ryoko! (leaves the building with Kiyone)

Ryoko- See ya!

Vegeta- Finally!

Ryoko- Yeah, I got you a present Vegeta. It may not seem like much but it
is. (hands him the gift)

Vegeta- Thanks. (opens it) Huh?

Ryoko- Drink it.

Vegeta- (drinks it and screams in pain)

Ryoko- Oh yeah, I guess it will hurt.

Vegeta- What is happening to me! (screams)

Ryoko- wait for it! 3…2…1…

Vegeta- (screams as his tail pops out from the bottom of his back) What
the…my…my…

Ryoko- your tail. You missed it, I knew you did. I created that liquid when
I found out you were upset about it seen as I’ve got a tail.

Vegeta- But…what…

Ryoko- Don’t worry. You can control your transformation. You only turn into
it if you want to.

Vegeta- Thank you. I got you a present too…or three.

Ryoko- You…got me…three presents! That’s…sweet.

The doorbell rings.

Ryoko- I’ll get it!

Ryoko opened the door to find an old woman with a bouquet of roses in her
arms.

Woman- Is this Ryoko?

Ryoko- Yes.

Woman- These are for you. Bye!

Ryoko- Bye! (goes back into the living room and reads the card) Vegeta…this
was one of my presents? (jumps and hugs him)

Vegeta- Hey get off! (smirks happily)

Ryoko- (lets go) Ok, what are my other presents?

Vegeta- Here. (hands her a large box and a fairly large red heart shaped
package)

Ryoko- (opens the large box and gasps) Vegeta…they’re wonderful. The
catsuit’s like…my exact size and…it can be used as an evening outfit as well
as a…training outfit. The boots and gloves…are perfect too.

Vegeta- open the second one. You’ll like it better than the first.

Ryoko- (opens it and gasps louder) You…got me…the most expensive…diamond…in
the universe! It’s beautiful!

Vegeta- Told ya you’d like it better.

Ryoko- You…are amazing. (kisses him on the cheek) That’s for the roses
(kisses him on the other cheek) that’s for the training outfit and this
(kisses him on the lips) is for the necklace.

Vegeta- (speechless)

Ryoko- So…where are we going?

Vegeta- Close your eyes and hold my hand woman.

Ryoko- (holds his hand and closes her eyes) Now what?

Vegeta- Now wait. (teleports the two of them to Blodbec Sinco) Now open your
eyes and get ready to battle.

Ryoko- (opens her eyes) This place is one of my fave planets! I’m ready for
a challenge!

Stranger- You’ll get one lady.

Ryoko- And you are?

Stranger- Pikkon. You?

Ryoko- Ryoko. Get ready for the fight of your life Pikkon.

Pikkon- Lets get it on.

The two of them lunged at each other and fought. As the two of them were
fighting, someone tapped Vegeta on the shoulder and challenged him. Their
name was Morocco. Vegeta accepted the challenge and the two of them fought.
Ryoko and Pikkon matched each other punch for punch, kick for kick until
Ryoko teleported away and gave him a surprise attack in the back.

Pikkon- You’ll pay for that one. (flies into the air and spins) Hyper
Tornado Attack!

Ryoko was caught in the tornado laughing her head off. Although it was like
there were knives inside the tornado and they were slashing at her skin it
didn’t hurt her one bit.

Ryoko- this tickles! (laughs) This is going to end NOW! (stops herself from
spinning and sends Pikkon’s attack back up to him) That was fun. Can you
please get serious now?

Pikkon- But how?

Ryoko- You’ve never met a demi-goddess before have you bub? Get ready for
this. SOLAR FLARE!

The attack blinded Pikkon and Ryoko took his disadvantage to her own
advantage. She created a giant energy ball and hurled it at Pikkon.
Unfortunately, the blast was too strong and killed Pikkon. Ryoko laughed and
turned to look at Vegeta’s match. He was winning easily and was just toying
with Morocco.

Ryoko- Hey Vegeta! This is getting boring! Everyone here’s too weak! Can you
just get rid of him already!

Vegeta- Fine! (creates energy blast and hurls it at Morocco killing him)
There! Ya happy!

Ryoko- Yeah! So, where we going next?

Vegeta- For dinner.

The two of them teleported to Tretfonda and ordered all of the food on the
menu. And there was a lot on the menu!

Ryoko- Hey Vegeta! This stuff’s great! Try it!

Vegeta- what is it?

Ryoko- The Sweet Choco!

Vegeta- That’s a dessert!

Ryoko What can I say, I’ve got a sweet tooth.

Vegeta- Or rather a whole mouth full of sweet teeth.

Ryoko- Well neh! (sticks tongue out and puts bottom eyelid down)

Vegeta- (shrugs)

The two of them stuffed themselves silly until they couldn’t eat another
bite. They waited a few minutes before they left and both of them went to
the bogs (that’s english slang for toilets). Once at Dischoco 3, Ryoko
ordered both of them a bottle of Sake each and they both downed it in one
gulp. Ryoko then went on the club’s karaoke machine and sang ‘Bootylicious’
by Destiny’s child. Vegeta just watched her with adoring eyes while downing
another bottle of Sake. Once Ryoko had finished she drank another two
bottles of Sake before she went onto the dance floor where she and Vegeta
danced to ‘Crawling’ by Linkin Park. Many dances and bottles of Sake later,
the two of them stumbled out of the club with Ryoko holding Vegeta up. (A.N-
Ryoko can’t get drunk remember)

Vegeta- The evil squirrels’ trying ta get me. Well I’m gonna murder it. Come
here little squirrel.

Ryoko- You are unbelievably drunk do ya know that?

Vegeta- Evil squirrels teamed up with Kakkarot. They’re coming to get me.
I’m smarter than them. Me z gonna kill zem.

Ryoko- Way too drunk.

Vegeta- Squirrels’ gone into a nutshell. They pelting me with lemons.
(screams) Help! The pink elephant’s gonna get me!

Ryoko- Time to go home. (teleports to C.C)

Vegeta- They’re gonna kill me. Purple frog’s gonna eat me!

Ryoko- (sighs) Time for him to go to bed. (puts him in his bed)

Vegeta- Don’t leave me!

Ryoko- I’ve gotta go to bed.

Vegeta- I’ll cry. (cries)

Ryoko- Alright! Alright! Just shut up!

Vegeta- Pink elephant’s gonna eat me, I’m scared!

Ryoko- Sounds way too much like Mihoshi. Scary. Ok, I’ll pull out a camp bed
and sleep on the floor.

Vegeta- No.

Ryoko- Well tough! (brings up holo-top and types until a camp bed appears on
the floor) I’m tired so please just go to sleep Vegeta! (climbs into
sleeping bag)

Vegeta- I’m scared. Evil green bird’s gonna shit all over me.

Ryoko- Vegeta go to sleep!

Vegeta- Silver dragon’s gonna eat me. I DON’T WANNA DIE!

Ryoko- Oh shut up!

After two hours of Vegeta’s drunken whining, Ryoko finally fell asleep but
woke up when she felt Vegeta come and lay down beside her. He wrapped his
arms around her and stopped whining and fell asleep. Ryoko sighed and fell
back asleep.

Well there ya have it! Chapter 13! The longest chapter I’ve ever written!
Soz it took so long but evil teachers giving me evil homework haven’t given
me enough time to write this f**k*ng fan fic! Ok, I’m gonna be even eviller
than I was with the last chapter and say that unless I get 8 e-mails from
different people then I won’t continue. I promise though that this’ll be the
last time that I demand e-mails coz I’m not as evil as teachers! They belong
in jail for making us suffer! Ahem, well I finally got this chapter out
anywayz coz it’s half term! Yey! Anywayz if ya wanna send praise (^_^),
flames or just wanna chat to a beautiful lady then e-mail me at
petaholic2001@hotmail.com
