Disclaimer- These characters are all from anime so don’t sue me! Look at the
bottom of somebody else’s fic to find out who owns the DBZ and Tenchi
characters.

A visitor to the DBZ gang could create the battle of the century between
father and son!

The Ryoko Saga

‘Party on!’

Ryoko, 18 and the Kais now all had their instruments and were deciding on a
song.

Grand Kai- What about ‘Dimension of love?’

Ryoko- No. That song reminds me too much of Tenchi. I want to forget him.

18- Why? You used to love him so much.

Ryoko- Let’s just say that he’s found another.

Supreme Kai- It’s Sakuya, isn’t it Ryoko?

Ryoko- Will you all just shut up! I don’t want to talk about it!

King Kai- How about ‘I’m like a bird’?

18- Yeah! Ryoko, you can get those wings for yourself, me and Supreme can’t
you?

Ryoko- Easily! Okay, its settled.

Kibito- (speaks to the group) We’re ready.

Ryoko- Let’s go! (sings the lyrics to ‘I’m like a bird’ by Nelly Furtado)

Ryoko was singing beautifully and everyone was not in the least bit
surprised that she loved karaoke. Everything went well until the last
chorus. Ryoko sang I’m like a bird and then suddenly she sprouted white
wings like an angel’s and she flew to the ceiling. Then 18 sang I’m like a
bird and she sprouted wings and flew up to the ceiling. Then Supreme Kai
sang and sprouted wings. When the singing stopped, Ryoko created a dove in
her hand and blew it into the audience were it landed on Trunks and then
disappeared. The three of them flew down and the wings vanished.

Ryoko- Well, what did you think?

Everyone- (gobsmacked)

18- I think they enjoyed it, Ryoko.

Ryoko- Yeah.

At that moment eveyone, even Vegeta, started getting plastered. In a matter
of minutes Goku, Trunks, Bulma, Vegeta, Chi-Chi, Supreme Kai, Kibito, Grand
Kai, King Kai and Krillin were all drunk. Piccolo decided that now was the
time to leave so without another word, he flew out of the window. Dende
decided to get some rest so he went around the mansion to find a spare room.
Ryoko and 18 couldn’t get drunk so they were alright. Goku and Chi-Chi went
on on the karaoke machine and drunkenly started singing ‘Don’t go breaking
my heart’ by Elton John. The Kais all colapsed on the floor and the others
left to get a bath from the onsen. Goku and Chi-Chi noticed that they had
gone and followed them. Since there was just the one, 18 made sure that in
their drunken state they kept swimsuits on although she was a bit hesitant
with Krillin. Just then, in came Gohan and Ryoko junior. Everyone burst out
laughing.

Gohan- Hey! What’s so funny?!

Goku- I didn’t know that you had it in ya son!

Ryoko- (laughs) Gohan (laughs) you’ve (laughs) got (laughs) a lipstick
(laughs) mark (laughs) on your (laughs) cheek. (laughs uncontrollably)

Gohan- Huh? (looks in the mirror) Eek!

Ryoko Junior- (blushes)

Ryoko- Hisui, I didn’t know you liked Gohan so much.

Trunks- Why did you call her Hisui?

Ryoko- I just thought of it. It’s easier than calling her Ryoko Junior all
the time and I like that name.

Chi-Chi- Now Gohan, I don’t want Hisui getting in the way of your
schoolwork.

Gohan- Okay mom.

Ryoko- He admits it! He admits it! (laughs) Gohan and Hisui sitting in a
tree…

Gohan- Stop it!

Goku- Sorry son but it is kinda funny. By the way, you still need to get
that lipstick mark off your face.

Gohan- Alright (heads off to the changing rooms)

Everyone- (stares at Hisui)

Hisui- What?

Vegeta- Don’t you need to get changed?

Hisui- Oh no. I phase into mine. Like this (phases into a bikini) see?

Everyone- (gobsmacked)

Goku- Can you do that Ryoko?

Ryoko- Of course I can! Where do you think she got the ability from?

Gohan- I’m back.

Hisui- Hi.

They spent an hour longer in there and then got dried off and went to sleep.
Krillin slept on the couch with 18, Goku and Chi-Chi slept together on the
other couch, Vegeta and Bulma went to their own room, Ryoko went to her own
room, Trunks followed Ryoko to talk to her and Gohan and Hisui slept on camp
beds. In Ryoko’s room…

Trunks- Hi Ryoko.

Ryoko- Hey.

Trunks- Ryoko, can I talk to you?

Ryoko- Sure.

Trunks- Do you like me?

Ryoko- Do you want a straight forward answer?

Trunks- Yeah.

Ryoko- Yes.

Trunks- You do?

Ryoko- Yes but I also like your father. I haven’t decided yet but I’ll tell
you when I do.

Trunks- Does dad know you like him?

Ryoko- He does. I saw when you and him sneaked into my room.

Trunks- Father did the same?

Ryoko- Yes. He saw you coming out of my room and then came in himself. You
both looked at the group picture and read my message.

Trunks- Ryoko…I…

Just at that moment. A space ship that was small enough to contain only
several people crashed outside Ryoko’s window.

Ryoko- Oh no.

Trunks- What the?

Ryoko- They’re here.

What’s going on here? Who’s here? Why is Ryoko worried? I know that this
chapter was really short but I promise a bigger one next time in the next
chapter ‘Refusal’. If you wanna send me mail, wanna argue or just wanna chat
to a beautiful lady e-mail me at petaholic2001hotmail.com
