Disclaimer- I do not own any of the characters in this fic! They all belong
to Anime!

Next part of the fic gone and two of the most evil villians from both series
have arisen from the dead! What will our heroes and heroine do?

A visitor to the DBZ gang could result in the battle of the century!

The Ryoko Saga

‘Despair’

Ryoko flew as fast as she could with Vegeta holding onto her hand. They
finally reached the capsule corp and landed. Ryoko looked back to see if
they had been followed but thankfully they hadn’t. She knew that they had
her mother so they knew where to come. She ran into the building and into
the main room where the others where. Vegeta was still holding her hand so
she let go. The others turned to look at them and Hisui ran to Ryoko,
crying, and hugged her.

Hisui- They’ve taken mom!

Ryoko- I know. Me and Vegeta encountered them both. The two most evil minds
from our dimensions joined together. We must free my mom and my aunts!

Tenchi- Ryoko…

Ryoko- Vegeta and myself are the main targets of those two. Frieza wants
Vegeta to destroy the Earth and Kagato wants me for the same purpose. They
attacked us when we were out talking.

Ayeka- Enough of this chit-chat. My sister is in the clutches of those evil
monsters, she is royalty and must be rescued!

Ryoko- Shut your hide miss prissy princess! We know that they must be
rescued! I’m trying to solve a way out how!

Bulma- I can help there! I have a ki finder down in my lab! It finds the
nearest high ki in the direction that you’re facing and shows you them and
how far away they are. I’ll go get it. (runs to lab)

Ryoko- I need to find out what spaceship there using, is it another of
Washu’s? (brings up holo-top and types faster than human eyes could follow)
Come on, come on! Y…yes! Oh no. They’re using a
superchargingblasterhullhorizontalmauvegod.

Everyone- A what?!

Ryoko- (sighs) a super-charging-blaster-hull-horizontal-mauve-god. It's
mom’s newest invention. It has the power of a minor god but that is still
higher than all of you put together. It isn’t as strong as me but its prison
chamber could hold several elder goddesses!

Mihoshi- So we’re in trouble?

Kiyone- I marvel at your ability to state the painfully obvious!

Mihoshi- (starts crying)

Ryoko- Nice move Kiyone. Now we have to get stressed out as well as listen
to the blubber baby.

Goku- So, are we in trouble?

Everyone- (stares at him)

Goku- What?

Everyone- We marvel at your ability to state the painfully obvious!

Goku- (whimpers)

Everyone- (rolls eyes)

Bulma- I’m back!

Vegeta- Finally!

Bulma- (glares at Vegeta for more reasons than one)

Ryoko- Thanks.

Bulma- To work it you…

Trunks- I think she knows how it works mom.

Bulma- Oh.

Ryoko- Ok. We need to go outside.

They all walked outside or, in the cases of Ryoko, Vegeta and Trunks, flew.
Once outside Ryoko turned north and switched the tracker on. Nothing. She
then turned north-east. Nothing. Then she turned north-west. There! Kagato
and Frieza were flying quickly towards capsule corp. Ryoko showed the others
and chi-chi, Bulma and Mihoshi ran back inside. The others waited and Ryoko
and Hisui changed into battle outfits. Hisui changed into the red and black
catsuit (see Tench Universe episode 24) and so did Ryoko. Ryoko looked
around in every direction just in case. Their main target was her so she had
to be on guard butsince she was split into two she only had half of her
power. That was still higher than everyone else but she was afraid that she
would be weaker than the enemy.

Gohan- Look! What’s that!?

Gohan pointed to two dots coming from north-west that were flying towards
them.

Ryoko- It’s them! Get ready everyone!

The two dots came closer and closer until suddenly, they disappeared.

Hisui- What the- (screams)

Ryoko- Hisui!

Kagato had his sword in her stomach. She had been caught off guard. Kagato
then disappeared with Hisui.

Ryoko- NOOO! HISUI!

She ran to the spot where Hisui had been taken and cried. Suddenly, Kagato’s
sword was pushed into her stomach. She screamed.

Vegeta and Trunks- RYOKO!

The two of them ran faster than ever before to Ryoko but Kagato disappeared
with her.

Trunks- NOO! Ryoko. (sniffs) KAGATO YOU ARE DEAD! I WILL KILL FRIEZA AS I
DID BEFORE AND I WILL KILL YOU TOO!

Vegeta- (silently) Ryoko. (sniffs unnoticably but Trunks did notice)
(thinks) You will pay!

Gohan- Hisui. Ryoko. KAGATO, FRIEZA YOU WILL PAY FOR TAKING THEM AWAY!
ESPECIALLY FOR TAKING HISUI! (cries slowly and without sniffing)

Vegeta- Frieza, Kagato you have stolen the one that was most precious to me,
and I will make you pay. (sniffs) YOU WILL PAY!

Cliffhanger! Ryoko, Hisui the most powerful ones of them all. Kidnapped.
Vegeta, Trunks and Gohan emotionally collapse. What’s gonna happen next?!
Besides everyone sobbing hysterically?! Find out in the next chapter,
chapter 7, ‘Emotion’. Remember title is subject to change but to find the
next chapter all you need to look for is the title ‘The Ryoko Saga 07’ in
the crossover section (duh!). Keep e-mailing me praise cause I love it! It
helps me write better stories to have a boost of confidence from my fans!
(or I at least think it does) Anywayz, if you wanna send me praise (^_^),
flames or just wanna chat to a beautiful girl then e-mail me at
petaholic2001@hotmail.com