Disclaimer- DBZ and Ryoko from Tenchi Muyo don¡¦t belong to me and all that
crap.

Okies! Next chapter finally!

The Ryoko Saga

¡¥Vegeta¡¦s Plan¡¦

Jinyou walked over to 18 and smirked cruelly. 18 glared at her. Jinyou
powered up and instantly began attacking 18. 18 blocked as well as she could
but Jinyou was getting many punches in that were causing her great damage.
Vegeta looked at Jinyou for some form of weakness. He sighed when he found
none. He looked over at the idiots surrounding him.

Vegeta- Why me?

He turned his head over to look at Lady Maligno who was watching the battle
as if it were a show on T.V. Vegeta looked at the jewel on Maligno¡¦s head.
He twisted in his gooey prison to get just a little bit closer so he could
see the jewel. He still couldn¡¦t see enough. He opened up his mind to
Ryoko¡¦s.

Vegeta- (thinks) Demon! Wake up!
Ryoko- (thinks back) Vegeta?
Vegeta- As I thought, you can¡¦t wake up. Can¡¦t you try to wake up?
Ryoko- I¡¦ll try.

Vegeta looked over at Ryoko¡¦s pod as Ryoko began to move. He saw one eye
open.

Ryoko- I can see that they¡¦re battling, what do you want me to look at
Vegeta?
Vegeta- Before your energy runs out, look at Maligno¡¦s forehead. Look at
that jewel. Tell me if there is anything on it.

Ryoko turned to look at Maligno with her sensitive eyes. She looked closer
at the jewel.

Ryoko- It is a red jewel in the shape of an Octagon.
Vegeta- I know that! Does it have anything on it?!
Ryoko- Don¡¦t be so touchy vegetable head. It has the word ¡¥Macifer¡¦
written on it in very small print.
Vegeta- I knew it.
Ryoko- Bye vegetable head.

With that Ryoko fell back into unconsciousness and Vegeta closed off his
mind. He pondered on that word. Macifer. He knew a race of people who lived
on a planet by that very name. They were known as the Maciferians. They were
the smartest race ever known to the universe and they always were creating
things. They often created powerful beings to protect their planet, as they
themselves were not fighters. That jewel on Maligno¡¦s head proved that she
was one of the Maciferian¡¦s creations. But if she was a creation, why do
the elder goddesses call her sister? Vegeta then thought back to a top
secret project that he had had to help with many years ago, before he went
with Frieza. A small being with tremendous power had been created by the
Maciferians. Unfortunately, it was far too powerful to be used as a defence,
plus it was completely evil. As soon as it had come out of its shell, it had
murdered its creator. This creature had to be stopped. The Maciferians were
allies with the saiyans so it was Vegeta¡¦s right to be there. He himself
had prayed to the ape saiyan goddess, Tokimi and asked her to take away this
monster. Tokimi did. Vegeta winced from just thinking about it. But wait!
Any creation of the Maciferians had a weakness. Either that or something
that would destroy it completely. Vegeta knew what Maligno¡¦s was, he HAD
known what Malignos was, now he couldn¡¦t remember.

Vegeta- Come on! Think!
Goku- What do you mean Vegeta?
Vegeta- Shut up idiot! I know how to get us out of this predicament! Just
keep quiet so I can think!

Vegeta thought long and hard.

Vegeta- (thinks) Maligno had a serum injected into her that caused her to
have a weakness and they already had planted something that would destroy
her into her system¡Kbut what was it?!

Vegeta looked at Maligno again. He looked at her as she watched the battle
and unfurled her tail¡K

Vegeta- (thinks) Tail?! She has a tail?! Of course! She¡¦s part saiyan! That
means that the tail is her weakness! The only thing that can destroy a
saiyan is killing its mate. Maligno doesn¡¦t have a mate though! So¡K she¡¦s
part Maciferian, and they have something that destroys them! I¡¦ve got it!
(speaks aloud) I¡¦ve got it!
Trunks- Got what?
Vegeta- Quiet brat. (thinks) Come on¡Kcome on¡KI¡¦ve gotta speak to them!

Vegeta scrunched up his face and clenched his teeth in anger.

Vegeta- Stupid weakling humans! (thinks) Come on¡K (thinks to Bulma)
Finally!
Bulma- (thinks) Vegeta what are you doing inside my head?
Vegeta- Woman, you¡¦ve got to collect something¡¦s for me. It¡¦s the only
way to destroy Maligno!
Bulma- Fine. What do ya need?
Vegeta- Get a red ruby, a drop of human blood, a red rose and lava from a
recently erupted volcano. The ruby must be the one from my room. It¡¦s
located in the right hand drawer beside my bed in a green box. Touch
anything else inside that box and I will discintergrate your arms!
Bulma- Ok, ok. What do I do when I¡¦ve got them?
Vegeta- Drop the drop of human blood onto the rose and stir the lava with
the rose. When the petals have gone into the lava, take out the rose stem.
Hold the necklace over the lava and let only the ruby drop into the lava.
Keep it in there until the chain starts to glow a red colour. Then take it
out. Once you¡¦ve done that, get the dimension remote from Trunks¡¦ room.
The one that Ryoko gave him. Say into it,  Take me to Lady Maligno, her
dimension¡Kwait say take me to Vegeta, Lady Maligno¡¦s Dimension and you¡¦ll
arrive here. You must say take me. Make the namek go or someone with ki. Go
do it now woman!
Bulma- Ok! Ok! Whatever! But what do I do with the necklace?
Vegeta- (sighs) Stupid woman. Someone must wear the necklace, and the only
person that can be is either me or Kakkarot. Only a full blooded saiyan can
do this. I know how to work the necklace.
Bulma- Fine.
Vegeta- Go now!

Vegeta stopped speaking telepathically to Bulma and smirked evilly.

Trunks- Have you got a way to get us out?
Vegeta- No. But I¡¦ve got a way for us to win.

Ok! That¡¦s the end of a very short chapter! Now, I want cookies! Hee hee.
Okies when I get the next chapter out it shud b entitled ¡¥A Potion¡¦s
Ingredients¡¦. But I dunno! ^-^ I still am wondering if I shud continue this
fic¡KSo e-mail me f ya want me ta continue, send me praise (^_^), Send me
flames (ƒ¼) or just wanna chat 2 a strange but gorg teen then e-mail me at
petaholic2001@hotmail.com