Disclaimer- These characters are all from anime so don't sue me! Look 
at the bottom of somebody else's fic to find out who owns the DBZ 
characters and the Tenchi characters.

A visitor to the DBZ gang could provide a battle of the century 
between father and son!

The Ryoko Saga!

'The Visitor'

It was a quiet day and the DBZ fighters were having a practice match. 
Vegeta was battling Goku and 12- year old Gohan was battling future 
Trunks. Trunks had just found out that it was impossible for him to 
get back to the future so he had to stay in this time period.

Trunks- Gohan, you're way out of practice!
Gohan- That's because you're stronger than me!
Vegeta- Kakarot, your nothing but a weakling and I am going to win!
Goku- Yeah, yeah.

Just then, a spaceship crashed onto the spot were the z fighters 
were. It was lucky that they were practising in a field far from the 
city or the ship would have been spotted. The smoke cleared and the z 
fighters ran over to see if anyone was alive. Trunks spotted a 
beautiful young woman with cyan hair and yellow feral eyes and flew 
over to her. She had fallen back over and had hit her head. Trunks 
picked her up and went to the others.

Trunks- (thinking) This woman's gorgeous! And judging by her eye 
colour she isn't human!
Goku- Is she alright?
Trunks- I don't know.
Vegeta- (thinks) She is gorgeous and.do not think like this! A woman 
is a creature that is of no use to you! I am superior!
Gohan- We'd better take her to Dende. He'll heal her.
Goku- Wait! Look!

They all looked at her to find that her head was healing and all cuts 
and bruises were also disappearing. They decided to take her to 
capsule Corp instead. Once they were there they found that Bulma had 
gone to Chi-Chi's and wouldn't be back for a while. They laid the 
woman on a bed and waited. She eventually regained consciousness.

Ryoko- (wakes up) Ow! Ryo-Ohki, I told you to avoid that galaxy 
police spaceship! Huh? Where am I? Who are you?
Piccolo- More to the point is, who are you?
Ryoko- Oh, right! Sorry! I am Ryoko. Who are you guys?

They explained themselves to her until they got to Vegeta.

Krillin- This is Vegeta, the prince of planet Vegeta.
Ryoko- Aw, man! Not more royalty!
Goku- What do you mean?
Ryoko- Well, in my old home I had Ayeka, the 1st crowned prissy 
princess of Jurai and Sasami, the second crowned princess of Jurai. 
Well, enough introductions, can you tell me what dimension I'm in?
Vegeta- Dimension 188.
Ryoko- Did you say Dimension 188?
Goku- Yeah, what's the problem?
Ryoko- YES! OH YES! OH YES!
Piccolo- Did I miss something?
Ryoko- Do you know someone called Android 18?
Krillin- Yeah, she's my wife. Why?
Ryoko- Because I was her best friend years ago. But she got sent to a 
parallel dimension because her and me always got into trouble. Last 
I'd heard of her, this science dude took her after learning about her 
capabilities and re-programmed her.

Just then, 18 came into the room and saw Ryoko. She smiled.

18- Hey Ryoko. Long time no see.
Ryoko- Yep.
18- What ya doing here?
Ryoko- Ryo-Ohki dimension jumped when I was out on a little flying 
trip. Huh? RYO-OHKI?! Where are you?!
18- Where is she?
Ryoko- I must have crashed here. That means that.quick! Where did you 
guys find me?
Goku- In a meadow, why?
Ryoko- Let's go! (starts to float while the others look at her 
gobsmacked) What's the matter? Never seen a girl fly before?

Ryoko flew out of the window and the z fighters followed her. On the 
way Trunks was thinking.

Trunks- *I don't even know her yet I'm attracted to her. Strange*

And so was Vegeta.

Vegeta- *This woman seems to be capable of many things. I must find 
out how strong she really is*

When they got there Ryoko started to hunt around the wreckage until 
finding the object of her desire.

Ryoko- Aha! (holds up an egg) Found it!
Gohan- What is that?
Ryoko- It's Ryo-Ohki's child. I have to care for it until it hatches.

Suddenly the egg started to crack and a foot popped out.

Krillin- What is that thing?
Ryoko- (says as Ryo-Ohki jumps out of the egg) It's my spaceship!
Gohan- How can that be your spaceship?
Ryoko- Watch. Ryo-Ohki go!
Ryo-Ohki- Meow! (transforms into her spaceship form)
Ryoko- See?
Everyone but 18 and Ryoko- (gobsmacked)

They started to head back and when they did Ryoko spotted Vegeta's 
gravity room.

Ryoko- Oh wow! Can I use it?
Vegeta- I doubt that you'll be strong enough.
Ryoko- Wanna bet? (she runs into the room) So how do you work this 
thing?
Vegeta- Turn it on and turn the switch to decide what level.
Ryoko- Okay! (switches it on and turns the switch)
Vegeta- (thinks) *Now I can see just how strong she really is!*
Ryoko- (turns it to 100 times earth's normal gravity and she didn't 
even move) Is that the highest that this thing can go?
Vegeta- 10,00 is the highest!
Ryoko- Well, lets see. (turns it all the way to 10,00)

The gravity fell on her and still she didn't move. 

Ryoko- Are you sure that this is the highest? This is easy! (she 
threw a few punches to emphasise her point) See?
Vegeta- She should be crushed by now!
Ryoko- (walked out of the room and over to Vegeta) Do ya wanna know 
how I do it?
Vegeta- (nods)
Ryoko- Well, (turns to the others) I am the daughter of a goddess!
Everyone- (laughs)
Ryoko- You don't believe me? Fine. Vegeta, since you're a prince you 
might know what I'm on about. You know the Kais that rule the 
universe? King Kai, South Kai, East Kai, West Kai, Grand Kai and 
Supreme Kai?
Vegeta- Yes.
Ryoko- Well, I suppose you've heard of Washu, Tokimi and Tsunami? The 
creators of the Kais? Washu is my mother. These gems on my wrists and 
neck (she shows them) are the source of my power so I can never be 
crushed.
Vegeta- (thinks) * she is superior to me! She is definitely worthy of 
me!
Trunks- (thinks) Wow! She's gorgeous, has a brilliant personality and 
is the equivalent to a goddess? I'm in love!
Ryoko- Hey, I know! How about a group photo! I want a picture of my 
new friends. (she opens up a subspace hole and takes a camera out of 
it) Say cheese! (takes a photo) Perfect!
Goku- I'm starved! I hope Chi-Chi cooked a lot!
Gohan- You said it dad!
Trunks- Where are you gonna stay Ryoko?
Ryoko- I haven't a clue!
Trunks- Well, (looks at the ground) you could stay with me.
Vegeta- (thinks) My own son is trying to take this girl! Well, he's 
in the same house as me so that's ok.
Trunks- Is that alright?
Vegeta- Fine.
Ryoko- Great! I thought that you might wanna know (she said 
embarrassed) that I eat a lot.
Goku- That's no big deal.
Ryoko- It isn't?
Goku- No. Trunks, Vegeta, myself and Gohan all eat like pigs.
Ryoko- Well, that's ok because I'm the only woman super sayan left 
alive.
Trunks- You're a super sayan?
Ryoko- Yes.
Piccolo- Prove it.
Ryoko- Fine. (she clenched her hands into fists and suddenly her hair 
turned yellow and her eyes turned blue) See? (she went back to 
normal)
Krillin- Woah! Well, we'd better get going. Bye!
18- Goodbye Ryoko! 

The two of them flew off home. Goku and Gohan also needed to leave.

Goku- Nice meeting you Ryoko.
Gohan- Same here.
Ryoko- Wait! Gohan?
Gohan- Yeah?
Ryoko- How would you feel if I trained with you? I mean in a 
different form though.
Gohan- What do you mean?
Ryoko- Well, (she transformed into what she looked like when she was 
12) like this.
Gohan- Yeah!
Ryoko- (changed back) See ya!

They flew off and Piccolo left too. The three of them walked back to 
capsule corps and Ryo-Ohki followed. After ten minutes of silence, 
Trunks spoke up.

Trunks- Ryoko, could you train with me? So that I can see how my 
strength matches up to yours?
Ryoko- Sure. I could use a good work out. I'm getting flabby like 
Ayeka.
Vegeta- (thinks) My own son is trying to use trickery to get the 
girl! Training my arse, he just wants to be near her! I won't have 
it! (speaks up) I could use a workout too. You are the only one 
around here that matches my strength.
Ryoko- Fine.

When they got back, Bulma was waiting.

Bulma- Where have you two been! And.who is this?
Trunks- This is Ryoko. She crash landed today near us when we were 
training.
Bulma- So you're wondering if she can stay her?
Trunks- (nodded)
Bulma- Well, sure! Ryoko, do you have an appetite as big as these two 
here?
Ryoko- Sadly, yes.
Bulma- Fine. I'll whip up a storm! (she walks out of the room)
Ryoko- Hey Trunks?
Trunks- Yeah?
Ryoko- Do you have rafters in your home?
Trunks- Yes, why?
Ryoko- Because that's were I sleep.
Trunks- You sleep on rafters?
Ryoko- Yep.
Trunks- My parents probably wouldn't mind you taking the spare room 
for your bedroom. Dad?
Vegeta- Yes. Fine.
Trunks- Then it's settled. I'll show you to your room.

Trunks lead Ryoko upstairs as Vegeta watched on, jealous.

Trunks- Here you go.
Ryoko- Wow! This room's gorgeous! (she floated over to the bed and 
sat on it)
Trunks- From now on, this room's yours.
Ryoko- Thanks! (she brought up her holo-top. Washu had given her one 
for her last birthday when she lived with her)
Trunks- Is that a computer?
Ryoko- Yeah. Washu gave it to me. Cool huh?
Trunks- Yeah.

Trunks had to jump out of the way as items started to appear in the 
room. The empty bookshelf in the room became full of books and a bean 
bag chair appeared in the corner. A photo frame appeared and the 
picture that she had taken earlier of the z fighters went into it. 
The purple curtains changed to cyan and the wallpaper changed from 
pink to blue. The floor tiles changed to green carpet and the bed 
quilt changed from white to yellow. A little bed appeared at the end 
of her bed for Ryo-Ohki and a carrot appeared in it. The lamp 
disappeared so there was no light in the room and finally a pin board 
appeared on the wall.

Trunks- Nice change but where are the lights?
Ryoko- Watch this. Lights.

The lights came on.

Trunks- Brilliant! Well, I'll catch ya later! (he ran out of the 
room)
Ryoko- What's bothering him? Never mind. Now lets see.

She picked up the photo and drew circles around Vegeta and Trunks.

Ryoko- Both of them are so cute. I can't tell if any of them like me 
though.never mind. Better go downstairs. I need to get a map of this 
place.

She walked downstairs and saw Bulma waiting. Vegeta and Trunks were 
already there and stuffing their faces like pigs.

Bulma- Hi Ryoko! Like your new room?
Ryoko- I changed a *few* things. Do you mind?
Bulma- Nope. If you changed the wallpaper and curtains and floor then 
I'm glad you came! That room is so bare! Well, come and eat!
Ryoko- Thanks.

Ryoko sat down next to Bulma and started filling her plate with 
noodles and sushi. Then she started to eat like Vegeta and Trunks. 
She looked a bit worried but Bulma reassured her.

Bulma- That's ok. I'm used to it!

Ryoko then stopped being polite and attacked her food with vengeance. 
Trunks took a quick glance at her and smiled. Vegeta noticed and 
wasn't happy.

Trunks- (thinks) She eats just like a real super sayan. (chuckles)
Vegeta- (thinks) Keep away from her son! She's mine! I could do 
anything with that woman. She is superior and therefore is worthy of 
me.

After dinner Ryoko went up to her room and phased into an oversized 
T-shirt and shorts. She climbed into the bed and fell asleep 
immediately but not without turning the lights off. Later on, when 
everyone else was asleep, Trunks crept into Ryoko's room to search 
for anything that would show that she liked him. He really liked her 
and he wanted to know if she liked him. He looked towards the bed and 
she was sleeping peacefully. He crept to her dresser and looked at 
the photo. Himself and Vegeta were circled and a tiny message at the 
bottom said, 'I love these guys!'. That was all the proof that Trunks 
needed. He just needed to turn Ryoko's attention away from his father 
and to himself. He smiled and crept back to his room. Vegeta had 
heard Trunks creep into Ryoko's room so when he was gone, he himself 
went to look. Trunks had seemed very happy and showed a little sign 
of jealousy. Vegeta crept into Ryoko's room and looked around. He 
found what Trunks had been looking at and stared at it. He just to 
avert Ryoko's attention from his son to himself. He crept back out to 
his bedroom and laughed himself silently to sleep.

The next day, Ryoko woke up early. She flew out of her window and 
onto the roof. She then started singing.

Ryoko- (sings the words to 'I'm a pioneer')

Trunks woke up at hearing a beautiful voice and looked out of his 
window. He saw Ryoko there, singing like an angel. He plucked up his 
courage and flew up to see her. He hid though, until she had finished 
her song.

Ryoko- (finishes)
Trunks- (claps)
Ryoko- (turns around looking embarrassed) How long have you been 
there?
Trunks- Only a couple of minutes. You can really sing Ryoko!
Ryoko- Thanks.

Unknown to both of them, Vegeta was watching from his window with a 
jealous look on his face. He decided to interrupt their little 
conversation by telling them that breakfast was ready. This would be 
a lie, because the cook probably wasn't even up yet so he went 
downstairs to see if she was up. She was cooking breakfast so he went 
up the stairs to the roof. He talked to himself. 

Vegeta- Maybe I'll listen in on what they are saying.
Trunks- So I was wondering... would you like to go out on a date 
sometime soon....? (sounding embarrassed)
Ryoko- Well...what night exactly?
Trunks- Tonight, why?
Ryoko- Because tonight everyone is coming around here to do my fave 
thing...karaoke!
Trunks- Well, how about Sunday then?
Ryoko- Ok. I just don't wanna miss Karaoke night.
Vegeta- I'll crash their party. (speaks up) Ryoko! Trunks! Breakfast 
is ready!
Ryoko and Trunks- OK!

The three of them float downstairs were they all eat another 
brilliant meal. The day passes by quickly and it isn't long before 
everyone starts to show up. Goku, Gohan and Chi-Chi came first.

Chi-Chi- Hi Bulma!
Bulma- Hi Chi-Chi!
Vegeta- Kakkarot.
Goku- Vegeta.
Ryoko- (doubles herself and one of her doubles turns into a 12 year 
old) Hi Gohan.
Gohan- Hiya!
Goku- Why don't you two go train? Hmm?
Gohan- But she'll flatten me like a pancake dad!
Ryoko junior- No I won't...hee hee.
Chi-Chi- Go on Gohan.
Gohan- Fine.

The two go off up to the roof to train and Goku and Chi-Chi come 
inside. Next came Piccolo and for some reason, Dende came too.

Goku- Dende, what are you doing here?
Dende- I expect that you guys will get drunk tonight, so I'm gonna 
stop your hangovers. Ryoko?!
Ryoko- Dende?! Long time no see!
Goku- You know alot of important people don't you Ryoko?
Ryoko- Yep. I hope that my special guests arrive soon.
Vegeta- Who?
Ryoko- I've invited a few more *people*.
Goku- Oh.
Krillin- Did we miss the party?
Bulma- Oh, hi Krillin!
Ryoko- Hi 18!
18- Hey. (catches the look on Ryoko's face) Ryoko, you didn't. Did 
you?
Ryoko- You bet.
18- Oh no.
Ryoko- Don't you dare tell everyone who my guests are 18. It'll ruin 
the surprise. Now, you know the drill right?
18- Yep.
Ryoko- Great. Everyone here? Good, then lets go! Do any of you guys 
like Sake? 18, here's yours. I know that you still love it.
18- (blushes)
Krillin- What is Sake?
Ryoko- (face fault) You don't know what sake is? Only the best 
alchoholic drink in the universe! (smiles) Want some? (tosses him a 
botttle)
Krillin- (looks at 18)
18- Trust her.
Krillin- (takes a sip) Wow! This stuffs gorgeous!
Ryoko- Told ya. Anyone else want any? Goku? Vegeta? Trunks? Piccolo? 
Dende?
Dende- No way Ryoko!
Ryoko- (giggles)
Goku- I'll try some. 
Trunks- Me too.
Vegeta- One can't harm.
Ryoko- (tosses each of them a bottle) Piccolo?
Piccolo- I don't drink.
Ryoko- Oh. Ok. Any good guys?
Goku- (sips it) This stuff is great!
Trunks- I'll drink to that!
Vegeta- I suppose it tastes ok.
Ryoko- Great! Now who's going first on the karaoke machine?
Bulma- Ryoko?
Ryoko- Hmm?
Bulma- (whispers something to her)
Ryoko- Well we'll soon get that fixed. There, all done!
Goku- What did you just do?
Ryoko- Some of your voices are crap when you sing. I just fixed that.
Dende- Oh. Who's going first?
Ryoko- Wait! I almost forgot! My guests haven't yet arrived!
Stranger- Yes we have.
Ryoko- About time too Supreme.
Goku- Supreme?
Ryoko- Oh yeah. Everyone. Here are my guests. The supreme Kai.
Supreme Kai- Hi.
Ryoko- Kibito.
Kibito- Hi.
Ryoko- Grand Kai.
Grand Kai- Hi.
Ryoko- King Kai.
King Kai- Hi.
Ryoko- And thats it. All the major kais. What have you got those 
looks on your faces for?
Everyone but the kais, 18 and Ryoko- (gobsmacked)
Supreme Kai- We haven't got all day Ryoko.
Ryoko- Oh yeah! Here are your instruments.

Ryoko handed the Supreme Kai a guitar, Kibito a drum set, Grand kai a 
Piano, King Kai another guitar and 18 a keyboard. She herself had a 
guitar.



What's going on here? Vegeta actually liking someone and he has to 
compete for her with his son? Where's Tenchi and the gang? What will 
happen the next day? Find out in chapter two, Refusal. E-mail me at 
petaholic2001@hotmail.com if you wanna praise me or insult me. Come and 
argue, I love to argue! Mwahahahahahahahahhahaha.