Disclaimer : Dear Readers I'm here to tell you that I
do NOT own these characters, Ranma 1/2 was created by
Rumiko Takeuchi and brought to us by Viz
Communications. Tenchi Muyo was created by and Masaki
Kajishima, and was brought to us by Pioneer LDC and
AIC. So, please don't sue me! I don't have any money!
Now you may read the fanfic.

Ryoko in Nerima
2. A New life

Ranma, Akane, Nabiki and Ryoko went in the school got
Ryoko registered and walked in to the class room with
out any more trouble, that is before they got in the
class room.

"I don't believe it!" cried Ranma, "They let Ryoko
skip a grade just like that! Not that I don't like
that, it's just I can't believe a girl who's on the
road for almost all her life could be this smart!"

"Isn't it a good thing that Ryoko-chan is very smart?"
said Akane.

‘What can I say, Earth is such a back water plant, any
one that's in outer space can answer the questions
they ask.' though Ryoko to herself as she smiled at
Ranma Akane and Nabiki.

"Well, this is my classroom, I'll see you later OK?"
said Nabiki as she headed for her room.

After saying good bye to Nabiki and walked a little
more, Ryoko, Ranma, and, Akane reach their classroom
and they got in.

"OK, students!" yelled the teacher to the class, "We
will be having a new student, her name is Ryoko, she's
very smart and she managed to skip a grade as soon as
she got here! Let's give a warm welcome to Miss
Ryoko!"

As soon as Ryoko walk in to the classroom, all the
boys eyes went on her body, drooling and as the girls
notice Ryoko was getting all the boys' attention,
jealousy filled in their eyes. As Ranma and Akane
notice this, they growled.

‘This happens all the time!' Akane thought angrily,
‘Every time a pretty girl shows up, the boys gets
perverted and the girls get really unreasonable. Poor
Ryoko-chan, she must feel so disappointed, she wanted
it to be excepted in this school and because of these
jerk, she must feel so bad. They are going to pay for
this!'

‘Stupid perverted jerks!' Ranma thought as he gave
some of the boys the evil eyes.

The three went through the classes without any more
trouble, but as soon as the lunch break came and they
reached outside to eat lunch, troubles followed.

"Ranchan!" Ukyou yelled as soon as she saw Ranma,
Akane and Ryoko approach, and ran toward them. "How
are you doing, honey?"

"Ukchan," Ranma said nervously, "hi!"

Ukyou was glad Ranma was so warm to her, till she saw
Ryoko and Akane standing on the each side of Ranma.
"Why is she here, Ranchan?" Ukyou asked as she looked
at Ryoko full of curiosity and jealousy.

"Uh, Ukchan meet Ryoko, she's staying at my house."
Ranma said as he tried to explain, but before he could
finish explaining to Ukyou, she grabbed Ryoko by the
shirt and yelled at her.

"Listen you little hussy!" Ukyou hissed at Ryoko,
"Ranchan already has four fiancees, he don't need one
more! What ever his father sold him for this time, it
doesn't count because it was not his fault! So, you
might as well leave, because Ranchan will never pick
you over me!"

Ryoko sweat dropped with button eyes.

"OH?! And why is that?!" Akane screamed at Ukyou with
rage.

"Well, because I have a great figure, beautiful eyes,
CAN swim, and I CAN COOK! Unlike some one I know!"
Ukyou yelled back.

"Hello? I'm still here you know." Ryoko said to Ukyou
while trying to prevent a battle between the two with
Ukyou still holding on to her shirt, tried to get the
girls attention, but as we all know, didn't work.

"Why you!" Akane growled as she grabbed a big rock and
threw it at Ukyou FURIOUSLY.

"Ha, two can play this game!" Ukyou yelled as she
picked Ryoko up and threw her toward Akane. Ryoko was
shocked by this move and screamed as she was send
flying toward Akane.

"Ryoko!" Ranma screamed as he was also shock, he
jumped up as fast as he can to catch Ryoko before she
can get hurt. "Are you all right?" Ranma asked as he
set her down on the ground.

"I can take care of my..."

"Ukyou! What are you doing?!"

Ukyou was taken back by this, Ranma was really mad.
And he had called her Ukyou not Ukchan, Ukyou! How
could he do this for this hussy! "Why are you
protecting her Ranchan?" Ukyou asked, in a small and
sad tone of voice.

"Because you were using her as a weapon!" Ranma said
angrily, "Why is it that every time you see me with
another girl, you think she's my fiancee? Ryoko is
just my friend that's all! I know Shampoo would do
this, and she did, but I didn't expect this from you,
too. I guess I was wrong."

"Ranchan," Ukyou said quietly, as tears started to
form in her eyes. "I'm sorry."

"Oh, come on Ranma!" Ryoko said in a cheery voice, "It
is true that you have WAY to many fiancees! After all,
with that stupid dumb old man of your's, it's not hard
to think that I'm another one of your fiancees."

Ranma looked at Ryoko,  nodded and laughed nervously,
"I guess your right, Ryoko. I'm sorry Ukchan, I guess
I over reacted. You know, Ryoko's right! My old man
really need to be taught a lesson!"

"Hey, I wanna help too, you know!" Ukyou said smiling
glad to see that Ranma was not mad at her any more.

"Hey, what about me!" Akane yelled jokingly.

"You can have a piece, till we are done Akane." Ranma
said as he gave a wink to Akane.

"That's all very nice, but I want something to EAT!
And I mean NOW!" Ryoko said as she dragged Ranma and
Akane off, with Ukyou behind them.

‘That girl,' thought Ukyou as she followed the three,
‘she was able to change Ranma's mood so easily, boy,
am I glad she's not another one of Ranma's fiancees,
and if she was, I've got some serious competition.'

*****

Mean while, Tenchi had just reached Nerima, it was not
that long of a ride, but it was noon and he's hungry.
He decided, it was best for him to find a place to
stay, eat some food and go visit his new school. So,
he got cab, went to a student hotel near his school
and went up to his room.

As soon as he was settled, he went to a look for a
place to eat, when he saw a catch place, Cat-Café, he
walked in and ordered a bowl of the cheapest thing
there is. And it was a simple bowl of noddles, it
wasn't really that bad, except it seems that the
people in that place are so in to martial arts, that
even at lunch time the people here are throwing chair,
desk, pan, bowl... at each other.

It seems that the girl with purple hair and the guy
wearing a pair of glasses was at it the most. The girl
is always yelling, "Shampoo no go out with you!" and
the guy is yelling, "Wait my love!" before the guy got
hit on the head again. Tenchi was a bit confused by
the fact that, the guy was calling the girl, Shampoo,
the girl didn't looked a thing like a hair product.

‘Man, this place is even more dangerous than my
house!' Tenchi thought as he thought about how Ryoko
and Aeyka were always fighting, ‘Ryoko...' Tenchi
thought gloomily as he thought about Ryoko. He left as
soon as he finished his food, he was afraid that he
might get involves in a fight on his first day in
Nerima.

Tenchi step on the school ground, got him self
registered, and went into his new classroom.

"Class," The teacher said to his class, "Today, we
have a new student, his name is Tenchi Masaki. He's
here with us because his grandfather wants him to
learn more martial arts. But it seems that you already
know a lot of martial arts. Don't you?"

"Some." Tenchi said shy.

"Well, then would you like to come a long with us as
we go to Furinkan High to a competition match?" Asked
the teacher.

"Furinkan High?" Tenchi asked very confused.

"Yes, that high school has the best martial artists in
Nerima." Explain one of the students, "And that Ranma
is best in that school. He had even mastered the ‘chi'
attacks. But he has more girlfriends than he can
handle, I wonder what will happen this time when he
tries to chose his partner."

"It's 3:00, today afternoon. You would come won't you?
We need as many martial artists as we can get to try
and beat them." added the teacher.

"Sure, but I'm not that good." Tenchi replied.

"No problem, just try your best." said the teacher as
he pointed out where Tenchi should sit.

Tenchi had sat down next to a boy with brown hair,
brown eyes, a little taller than Tenchi and was not
bad looking, "hi!" Tenchi greeted him. "My name is
Tenchi, as you already know. What's your name?"

"Koniku," answered the boy as he smile at Tenchi,
"Nice to meet you Tenchi!"

Tenchi smiled back and turned to the teacher. As soon
as Tenchi had turned the smile had disappeared from
Koniku's face and was replaced by a serious dark and
evil look as he whispered, "Tenchi Masaki."

*****

Mean time, Furinkan High they were having almost the
same conversation, except more violent.

"I get to be Ranchan's partner! After all I'm his cute
fiancee!" Ukyou yelled at Akane, Kodachi, and Shampoo
while smiling at the same time.

"No way!" yelled Akane, "I had always been Ranma's
partner, and plus Shampoo and Kodachi don't even go to
this school!"

"Yeah!" Yelled Ukyou, "That's right! What are you two
doing here anyway?!"

"Well, there they go again." Ranma sighed as he and
Ryoko stood together, staring at the four girls
yelling and screaming at each other.

Suddenly, the four girls stopped, and turned to Ranma.

"Ranma we've decided to let you chose your partner
this time." Said Akane as she smiled at Ranma.

"Uh?!"

"That right," Shampoo added, "Shampoo know Ranma chose
her right?"

"Uh...uh..." Ranma shad a big sweat drop on his head
as he saw all four girls looking at him hopefully, he
just can't chose. He know if he chose, the girls would
either be hurt or they could start to fight again.
Ryoko saw the funny look on Ranma's face, and giggled.
Ranma turned to look at Ryoko and an idea formed in
his head.

"Alright, I'll chose." Said Ranma with a sly smile on
his face, "And I chose...(girls looking at him
hopefully) Ryoko!"

All the girl fell over from the shock, "What?" Ryoko
asked as she got back up.

"You are the perfect choice, Ryoko." Explained Ranma,
"You are a great martial artist, after all you even
beat me!"

"I guess," Said Ryoko unsurely, "but are you guys
mad?" Ryoko looked over at Akane and the other girls.

Ukyou, Shampoo, Kodachi are rather unhappy about this,
but Akane smiled, ‘This would be the perfect chance to
let Ryoko-chan show everyone how good of a martial
artist she is. And maybe she'll even fit in better. I
think ten years of being chosen for this event is
enough.'

Akane looked at Ryoko and said with confident and
satisfactory, "It's OK, Ryoko-chan. Ranma's right, you
are a great martial artist, and I'm sure you won't let
us down."

After 5 minutes of Ryoko, Ranma and Akane explained
clearly that Ryoko and Ranma was just friends, Ukyou,
and Shampoo calmed down. However, Kodachi was a
problem, she was not about to lose this chance to be
with Ranma to Ryoko.

"Ranma-sama is mine and there is no way I'm losing him
to a hussy like you! Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho!" Kodachi
yelled menacingly before she started to attack Ryoko,
but it didn't last that long since Akane booted her
away.

"Well, that settles her." Said Akane as she smiled at
Ryoko.

"Thanks Akane." said Ryoko smiling back, "You really
are a great help!"

"Sure thing Ryoko-chan that's what friends are for."
Akane replied.

‘Friends.' Ryoko thought sadly, ‘Will they still be
friends with me after they find out who I really am? I
don't even understand why they want me here now, I
mean I've brought them nothing but trouble.'

"Hey, if you and Ranma are going to battle you better
hurry, it's almost 3:00." Ukyou reminded they.

"That Right!" Shampoo added.

"Well, come on Ranma, let's get going!" Ryoko said as
she lead the group into the school dojo (well, there's
probably no dojo in a school, but there might be!
Somehow...), where the fight will take place.

*****

It was three o'clock and best martial artists of each
high school have arrived.

"Well, will you Tenchi?" Asked Koniku.

"Yeah, I guess," Said Tenchi unsurely, "But like I
told you, Koniku. I'm not that good."

"Well, you are a lot better than me, partner. I hope
you don't mind pairing up with me." Said Koniku.

"No, not at all. I'm just glad I got a friend in this
place so fast." Said Tenchi smiling at Koniku.

"Sure thing." said Koniku as he smiled back

*****

"Ranma, are you sure this will work?" Asked Ryoko.

"Sure!" said Ranma, "You handle one and I'll handle
one and it'll be over before you know it!"

*****

"Koniku-san!" Yelled a boy with black hair.

"Yohchi!" Koniku yelled back, "Hi! What's wrong?"

"You are not going to believe this!" yelled Yohchi,
"Ranma actually came right on time and with out girls
all over him!"

"Really?" Koniku asked.

"Yeah!" answered Yohchi, "And this time his partner's
not another one of his fiancee!"

"Wow!" Koniku said with big eyes.

"And I'll tell ya, that babe is hot!" said Yohchi.

"What's her name?" asked Tenchi.

"Ryoko." replied Yohchi.

"R...Ryoko?" Tenchi gaped at the name, ‘Ryoko? The
Ryoko I know? No, it can't be." Tenchi thought to
himself.

"Hey, Tenchi, you Ok?" asked Yohchi, "You look lost in
thought."

"Oh, sorry." said Tenchi, he slowly looked away and
whispered, "Ryoko."

*****

"Dear Students of schools in Nerima!" Yelled the
teacher that's in charge of this event, "We come here
today all over Nerima for the cup of the best martial
artist of the all Nerima high schools. As you know, in
the past Ranma Saotome of Furinkan High school has
been the wining this cup ever since he came here two
years ago, not only that Mr. Saotome has won a lot of
other martial artist awards. He's fast, strong and he
has also mastered ‘chi' attacks!

However this year, Mr. Sermima the martial arts
teacher of Seriha(I'm just making up names here, but
if in some miracle any of the name I have written is a
real name, sorry) High had promised that their new
changers Heoku and his brother Heoki are going beat
Ranma! Mr. Sermima said the two brothers had also
mastered the power of ‘chi'.

However, Ranma had also promised that he will also for
sure win, because he has mastered more powerful
tricks, attacks, defenses, styles, and moves over the
year and his got a wonderful new partner, Miss Ryoko.
We don't know much about Miss Ryoko yet, because she
just came to Furinkan High today, but we do know she's
very smart since she jumped a grade on her first day
here. And as for if she's a good martial artist, I
guess we'll find out today."

"Ok, let's begin the competition!" As soon as the
teacher finished a student came up to announce who's
going against who. "Ranma and Ryoko vs. Sherio and
Kanako!"

The two teams came out from the two sides of the dojo.

"Fight!"

Ranma was about to begin, but Ryoko was way ahead of
him. Before he could even move, Ryoko knocked the two
fighters on the other team out, it happened so fast
that the others didn't even see the two punches she
did on the other team.

The announcer stood here in shock for several seconds,
before managing to choke out, "Uh...the winner is
Ranma and Ryoko. Next Ryoko and Ranma vs. Reku and
Koshu."

The teams once again faced each other.

"Fight!"

This time Ryoko didn't attack, but Ranma did, it took
him two minutes to took the other team, a lot longer
than Ryoko, but very fast for a normal human, after
all, they are facing the best martial artists of each
school and you know what the martial artists of Nerima
are like.

"The winner is Ranma and Ryoko. Next Ranma and Ryoko
vs. Shonobe and Konoka."

The other team came up.

"Fight!"

Ryoko did the same thing she did before, the other
team wanted to block it but was too slow and was
knocked out with in five seconds, again.

"The winner is Ranma and Ryoko. Next Ranma and Ryoko
vs. Tenchi and Koniku."

‘Tenchi?' thought Ryoko, ‘No, it can't be." but, she
knew she was wrong when she saw Tenchi and an other
boy came to view.

Tenchi slowly approached toward the other team, he
couldn't believe his eyes, it was Ryoko.

"Fight!"

Ranma and Koniku started to attack each other, but
Tenchi and Ryoko just stood there looking at each
other, both of them didn't paying any attention to the
fight. As soon as Koniku saw this, he delivered a kick
towards Ryoko's head.

However Tenchi foreseen this and he know he just won't
let that happed. "Ryoko!" he let out a yell as he ran
towards her as fast as he can, pushed her out of the
way but, not fast enough to get away himself and got
knocked out cold.

"Tenchi!" Ryoko gaped as she went over to Tenchi's
limp form.

 Koniku smiled evilly at Tenchi's move, but he forgot
Ranma was still there. And that was a big mistake
since Ranma was right behind him, Koniku was knocked
out with a punch on the head.

Tenchi slowly woke up, he looked up and saw Ryoko
looking down at him. He was about to say something to
her, but before he could start he was dragged off by
his teacher-by his ears. Ryoko looked at Tenchi sadly
and whispered, "Tenchi..."

"The winner is Ranma and Ryoko. Next Ryoko and Ranma
vs. Heoku and Heoki."

Ryoko stood up and walked over to Ranma as the other
team appeared.

"Fight!"

"So, you are Ranma Saotome. Well, today is your day to
go down! Cause no one can defeat the ‘chi brothers'!"
Said Heoku looked at Ranma slyly.

"That's right!" added Heoki.

"Ha, that's a laugh! There is no way you can beat me!"
Ranma said in a very confident voice.

"We'll see." Said Heoki.

The fight started, Heoku and Ranma started to
fighting, but they seem to be a pretty even match,
because they can't get through each others defense.
However, between Ryoko and Heoki was different. Ryoko
was able to avoid all Heoki's attacks.

"Beauty and grace, each woman should at least have one
of them, and you have them both. I'm impressed!" said
Heoki as he attacked again. Ryoko just jumped out of
the way.

"Heoki, enough!" yelled Heoku, "Time to finish them
off!"

"Right!" Heoki yelled back, then he turned to Ryoko,
"I've had great fun. I'll be back for you."

Heoku and Heoki, jumped away from Ryoko and Ranma, as
soon as they landed they started to concentrate on
their ‘chi', they glow in red lights and soon each of
them had a big red ‘chi' ball in their hands.

"Hell Tiger Two In One Blast!" Yelled the two at the
same time as the two ‘chi' balls was combined into one
big ‘chi' blast and was sent flying toward Ranma and
Ryoko in an incredible speed.

Ranma was shocked by the move and the size of the
‘chi' blast, he closed his eyes and braced himself for
impact of the blast.

As for Ryoko, she was also shocked by the attack, but
she put up the force shield just in time to block
herself and Ranma from the impact of the blast.

Ranma slowly looked up as he didn't feel the pain of
getting hit by a chi blast or anything! And saw Ryoko
standing in front of him unharmed by the ‘chi' blast
at all. She was smiling at him, looking a little
tried, "How does she do that?" Ranma said to himself
quietly.

"Ha, how pathetic!" laughed Heoku.

"Just who are you calling pathetic?" Asked Ryoko
walking toward them with a sly smirk.

"What? How could you block that?" Asked Heoku totally
shocked, when he realized their blast didn't hurt
their opponents at all.

Ryoko moved toward them in a flash and tripped them.
As soon as the boys hit the ground she answered,
"That's my secret! But I'll tell you one thing, both
of you are very good and you two are the best martial
artists I've faced today." Ryoko walk away from the
fallen boys as soon as she finished.

Everyone looked at Ryoko in complete shock, finally
the announcer managed, "Uh, the winners for the Nerima
high school cup are Miss Ryoko and Mr. Ranma Saotome!"

Everyone in Furinkan High started to cheer as the
announcement was made, and one of the teacher handed
Ranma and Ryoko the cup.

*****

"Tenchi! The reason you're here is to beat that girl,
not beat yourself up!" complained Yohchi.

"Sorry." Tenchi said in a quite voice.

‘So, I was right, those two are the Tenchi and Ryoko,
Yuugi had tried to separate! Too bad she gave up, her
plan had worked so well! Till the last moment. Oh
well, I guess I'll have to finish the job for her! And
just to make sure I've got the right people...'
thought Koniku as he smiled evilly.

While no one's looking he formed a small glowing ball
in his hands and let it fly toward the ground several
feet in front of Ryoko. The ball started to grow
bigger and soon the big glowing ball changed into a
monstrous creature !

Everyone gasped in shock and backed away from the
monster as fast as they could, except for Ryoko and
Ranma, who couldn't really go any where at the moment,
because the monster had blocked their way out.

Tenchi started to run toward Ryoko and Ranma as soon
as he saw them surrounded by the monster, and had
manage to reach them. He took out his Tenchi-ken,
activated it and slammed it toward the monster, and
managed to get the monster's attention away from
Ryoko.

"Ryoko!" Tenchi yelled, as he started to fight with
the monster. "Take your friend and get out of here!"

Ryoko looked at Tenchi in surprise then, turned to
Ranma and yelled. "Ranma! You get out of here right
now!"

"No way!" Ranma yelled back.

"Ranma please! Do it, before the monster turns back to
us!" Ryoko yelled once again as she pushed Ranma
toward the exit then, she made her energy sword and
charged toward the monster.

Ranma stood by the door in shock as Ryoko made several
energy balls at once and threw it at the monster. ‘How
did she do that?! I never seen any one could
concentrate their energy so fast! And how the heck do
they manage to make their ‘chi' into swords?'

Tenchi had managed to get a hold of the monster's head
and slam his sword in it, while Ryoko did the same
with her sword, but in it left leg instead. The
monster screamed in pain and vanished.

Ryoko and Tenchi took back their energy swords and
looked at each other in the eyes.

*****

Mean while Koniku sat on the roof of the school
looking down at the rest of the students.

Koniku felt the dark energy of the monster was gone
and smiled. ‘I was right. Well, Tenchi and Ryoko,
enjoy this little moment of peace I'll give you,
because you'll never have another chance again! Ha,
ha, ha!' he thought to himself as he teleported away,
laughing evilly.

*****

"Ryoko." Tenchi said as he approached her, "Ryoko, I'm
sorry, I really am."

"Tenchi..." Ryoko whispered as Tenchi reached out and
took her by her shoulders.

"Ryoko, listen to me. In your letter you said your not
as strong as you thought you were and you were not an
adult woman?" Tenchi said looking at Ryoko as she
slowly nodded. "Well, I'm not an adult man, and I'm
not strong as I thought I was either. When Sakuya
died, I thought I won't be as sad as I was, because
after all she didn't really love me, she was made to
do that. She's not even a real person, for crying out
loud! But, I still feel just as sad and betrayed. You
were right, I did loved Sakuya at that time."

As soon as he said that sentence, Ryoko tried to back
away from him, Tenchi had expected this so he
tightened his grip on her, and he pull her closer to
him as he continued, "However, that doesn't mean you
have no place in my heart, Ryoko, I'm not sure that I
love you, but I promise you, I really do care for you
and I'll do everything in my power to protect you. So
please, come back Ryoko."

"Tenchi." Ryoko said as she stepped away from him. She
smiled. "I've learned a lot of things over the years
when I was on Earth. I learned about friendship, love
and heartbreak. Not only that, being on Earth had
helped me remember what it feels like to have family
once more, and to have people that you care about
again. But, the one thing I understand the most of all
is that when someone reject your love you don't stick
around, I've waited for you for so long Tenchi, but I
guess waiting was just not enough."

"Ryoko..." Tenchi started, but was cut off by Ryoko.

"Tenchi, all I can say now is good bye, I'm sorry for
all the times I was freeloading at your house and
I...I love you. Please say good bye to everyone for
me." with that Ryoko turned around and ran out of the
dojo.

"Ryoko!" Tenchi call out to her, but it was too late
Ryoko had already left by jumping roof to roof.

*****

‘That was weird!' Ranma thought as he chased after
Ryoko as soon as she left. ‘I've never seen Ryoko like
this, she looked so sad when she left. What happened
between her and that guy anyway? Had...had he done
anything to her? If he had I'll make him pay!' he
thought to himself angrily.

*****

Soon, Ryoko had reached the Tendo household, she ran
in as fast as she can, avoiding all greetings and the
questions, just ran up to her room as fast as she
could. As soon as she reach the upstairs room, she ran
in and shut the door. She don't have the energy to
sport her body or held in the tears anymore so, she
just collapsed to the floor and let her tears flow
freely.

*****

By that time Ranma had reached the Tendo dojo and ran
inside. He asked everyone

"Hey, had any body seen Ryoko? Where did she go?"

"Yeah!" said Akane, "She just ran up to her room as
fast as she could, what happened Ranma? It isn't like
Ryoko-chan to act so blindly."

"Well, I think it has some thing to do with the guy
that had battled with her to defeat that monster."
Ranma said as he started to explain to everyone how
Ryoko and Tenchi had battled with the monster and how
they talked to each other.

Of course he had no idea what they were talking about,
but he did know that there's something between the
two. Then something came to his mind. "You know, Ryoko
never did told us a lot about her past." Ranma said as
he started to think out loud, "I mean all she ever
told us was the fact that she's be on the road for
most of her live."

"Yeah, your right." agreed Akane, "I've always wonder
how Ryoko-chan had avoided your chi blast with out any
harm."

"Yeah, I know!" Ranma said, "She did the same trick to
the those chi brothers or whatever, we faced today.
Well, for now I'm going to check if she's Ok, then
maybe later I ask her about her past and who she
really is."

"Ok." agreed Akane.

*****

Ranma reached upstairs went to Akane's room and
knocked on the door. "Ryoko?" he asked, "Can I come
in?"

Ryoko whose on the opposite side of the door was still
on the ground crying. She stood up as fast as she
could, dried up her tears and answered, "Um, come in."

"Ryoko?" Ranma said as he opened the door and walked
in. "Are you Ok?"

"Yeah, fine." She answered not looking at him.

"You don't look like it." Ranma said as he sat beside
her on the bed.

"I'm fine! Please leave me alone!" Ryoko yelled as she
got up and tried to leave the room but she tripped on
one of Akane's books on the floor and fell to the
floor.

Ranma got up and got over there as fast as he could,
helped Ryoko up, then helped her over to the bed, let
her sit down and sat beside her.

Before Ranma could ask her what's with her, Ryoko
threw herself in to his arms and cried.

Ranma was shocked by the move, he's not really good
dealing with girls crying, but what he done felt so
natural it even shocked himself. He put one around
Ryoko's body and the stroked her hair with his free
hand.

Ryoko was sobbing, "I don't believe it, I'm acting
like a weak little girl. Oh, Tenchi why does it hurt
so much to say goodbye?"

Since her face was  buried in Ranma chest, he could
only manage to make out the words, weak and why does
it hurt so much. He guessed that Ryoko thought she was
weak because she's crying and that boy had hurt her
somehow, which came pretty close.

After a while Ryoko had cried herself to sleep and
Ranma fell a sleep too, still holding Ryoko, but what
really odd was he was asleep in a sitting position and
didn't fall over or nothing!

After about one hour later Ryoko slowly woke up, and
remembered where she was at the moment. She slowly
looked up and saw Ranma's face, a huge sweat drop
formed on her head, ‘Is it normal for people to be
asleep while sitting up and don't fall over? Wait,
Aeyka done it before, but I don't think she was as
tense as he is.' Ryoko thought as she eased herself
out of Ranma's grip and somehow managed to push Ranma
on the bed without waking him up, she got a blanket
and put it on Ranma, then left the room.

*****

"Ryoko-chan!" Akane said as she saw Ryoko walked down
the stairs, "Are you alright?"

"Yeah, I'm fine. I'm going to take a bath now Ok?"
Ryoko answered as she smiled and walked toward the
bathroom.

"Sure thing!" Akane replied.

*****

Ryoko entered the bath room, phrased out of her cloth,
add water to the tub and entered.

"Mmmm, this is relaxing!" she smiled as she started to
wash a bit, she was feeling peaceful at last, but it
didn't last that long though.

*****

Happosai just got home after being chased by myriad of
girls, he was bored, it's been two days and Ranma had
not chase after him for stealing panties even once!
However, he know just the thing that would cheer him
up! He ran toward the bathroom.

As soon as he reached there, something caught his
eyes. It was a girl, she was the most sexy girl he had
seen, such gorgeous body, such beautiful face, but how
come he had never seen her here before?

‘She most be new here. Well, I'll just have to make
her feel welcome!' Happosai thought as a sly smile
made it's way to his face.

*****

Ryoko on the other hand was enjoying herself, the warm
water was so comforting, and it made her feel sleepy
for some reason. She had allowed herself to be totally
relaxed, and that was a mistake.

Happosai ran towards her as fast as he could and
jumped on her breasts, "Welcome to Tendo dojo!"
Happosai said happily as he started to feel her out,
"I'm Grandpa Happosai, here to say you can stay here
as long as you want, sweetie!"

Ryoko totally freaked out, some old man only about 1
and half foot tall was grabbing onto her breasts and
feeling her out! At first she just stood there in
total shock and disgust, then finally she manage to
move a again, she started to scream.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!! PERVERT!!!!!!!"

*****

Ryoko's scream rocked the whole house, everyone in the
house rushed toward the bathroom.

Ranma who was woken up by Ryoko's scream was the first
to reach there, "Happosai! You leave Ryoko alone or
I'll...uh?" Ranma stop as a huge sweat drop form on
his forehead.

Ryoko was wearing only a towel to cover up her body,
hitting Happosai with a chair that was in the bathroom
and was screaming, "PERVERT! *slam!* PERVERT! *whack!*
PERVERT! *punch!* PERVERT! *whack!* PERVERT!..."

As soon as the rest of the family reached there
everyone fell over do to the shock. After Ryoko had
finally calmed down, Akane and Ranma was left to
comfort her, while the rest of the family dragged a
very beaten up Happosai out of the bathroom, but not
soon after that Ranma was booted out of the bath room,
by an angry Akane, because Ryoko was a girl and Ranma
should not be here while she's not dressed yet!

"Ryoko-chan? Are you alright?" Akane asked as she soon
as Ranma was sent flying out of the room.

"I'll live, I guess," Ryoko answered, "as long as I
never see that old wrinkly, midget pervert again! I'll
only show my body to the person I love and it'll never
be that pervert! I swear, If that pervert ever come
near me again, I'll kill him!"

Akane sweat dropped, "Well, that's Happosai for you,
he's mine and Ranma's fathers' master. He get his
energy from touching girls' body and underwear."

"Oh, that's just sick! Wait, he's you and Ranma's
fathers' master?" Ryoko looked at Akane.

"Yeah, I feel so ashamed." Akane said as she and Ryoko
laughed.

"Ryoko-chan?" Kasumi said as she entered the bathroom,
smiling warmly, "I've got some clothes for you to
wear, I'll put them here Ok?"

"Ok." Replied Ryoko with a smile, "Thanks!"

"Your welcome!" Kasumi said with a kind smile as she
left the bathroom.

Ryoko undid the towel she had rapped a round her body,
grabbed the clothes Kasumi had given her, (it was a
pink V-neck T-shirt, and a black mini skirt) she puts
them on her body, ‘Hmm, so soft and comfy, and they
fit too.' she thought to herself, then asked out loud,
"What do you think Akane?"

"Very cute." Akane whistled, "You know I have some
cloth that I don't wear that often, maybe you could
try them. You'll never know, they may look good on
you."

"Sure." Ryoko said as she walked out of the bathroom
with Akane behind her.

*****

Soon, the two girls walked down the stairs, then
laughed as they saw Ranma and Happosai both with
several big bumps on their heads.

"Well, this is very interesting! Ranma and Happosai
both looking completely pathetic! Ha ha ha!" Akane
couldn't help herself as she laughed her head off,
Ryoko who was standing beside Akane couldn't help
herself as well as she giggled.

"Shut up!" Ranma yelled to the two laughing girls.

"..." Akane and Ryoko stopped for a while, but started
to laugh again, very soon. "Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha,
ha, ha..."

"Ranma!" The two girls stopped laughing as soon as
Shampoo made her entrance (Breaking the wall) and
groped Ranma, "Ranma take Shampoo to date, yes?"

"S...Shampoo? Why are you here?" Ranma asked very
nervous.

"Great grandma said take break, Shampoo come visit
husband." Shampoo answered as she hugged Ranma even
tighter.

"Ranma!" Akane yelled glowing blue, while Ryoko backed
away from her as far as possible, but before Akane
could react Ukyou jumped in yelling.

"Leave Ranchan alone you hussy!"

"Ranma darling!" Kodachi screamed as she also jumped
in.

Ryoko sweat dropped, pressed herself against a wall as
the girls started to fight in front of her, with Ranma
running all over the place screaming. ‘Boy!' She
thought, ‘And I thought my life was a mess!'

Ryoko moved slowly one inch at a time away form the
group, she almost made it to the stairs when a fly
object jumped in front of her held her in to a tight
embrace and yelled.

"My beloved Shampoo! We must get married right away!"
The figure said as he held Ryoko in a tighter embrace.

‘This must be the blind fool Mousse Ranma told me
about.' Ryoko thought as she screamed, "Let go of me
you idiot! I'm not Shampoo! Put on your glasses!"

"Uh?" Mousse said as he put on his glasses just like
the person he held in his arms told him to. He already
know it was not Shampoo, because for one thing Shampoo
never speak Japanese that well and the figure was a
bit shorter than Shampoo, but he was sure that she's a
girl. He looked down to see who he was holding.

Oh, it was a girl alright and a very beautiful one.
She has long cyan hair braided in to a french braid,
with a red ribbon tie in to a bow at the end to the
french braid, beautiful gold feline eyes, somewhere
about the age of 17, she was wearing a V-nick pink
shirt and a black mini skirt showing her gorgeous
figure. Mousse couldn't help him self but look at her
for a
for a while, before letting her out of his embrace.

"Sorry, Miss?" Mousse asked

"Ryoko." Answered Ryoko.

"I'm sorry, Miss Ryoko." said Mousse as he bowed to
Ryoko, "I must have mistaken you for my beloved
Shampoo."

Ryoko on the other hand was growing, this was only her
second day in Nerima, and Shampoo and Kodachi tried to
kill her, Ukyou used her as a weapon, another way of
killing.  Then that wrinkly old thing molested her
while she was bathing, and NOW THIS.

WHAT THE HECK IS THIS PLACE?!  This is even worser
than Tenchi's house!!' Ryoko thought angrily, ‘Alright
Ryoko, calm yourself! Don't use you powers, your on
Earth, they don't know who you really are, you wanted
to make as many friends as possible not enemies!'

Ryoko took a deep breath to prevent her from explode
in anger. "It's alright." Ryoko said as she sighed, "I
know you have an eye sight problem, Mousse."

"How did you know my name is Mousse?" Mousse wondered.

"Uh, well Ranma told me." Ryoko said nervously then
quietly, "Oh, boy."

"What?!" Mousse yelled as he jumped over Ryoko, ran
toward Ranma and started to attack him, "Saotome! How
could you destroy another girls life?!"

"Mousse! Wait!" Ryoko screamed turning toward Mousse,
and was about to chase after him when she hear this
and decided against that idea.

Ukyou: "Ranchan is mine!"

Akane: "Oh?! And why is that?!"

Kodachi: "Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho! Ranma-sama!"

Shampoo: "Ranma! Shampoo husband!"

Ryoga who just came in form the roof making a big
hole: "Ranma! Prepare to die!"

Mousse: "Ranma! You will pay for all you've done!"

Ranma jumped on to the roof trying to get away, while
everyone else just chased after him. Two seconds later
everyone just ran out of site. Everyone but Ryoko, who
just stood there sweat dropping as she looked at the
direction where everyone ran off to.

"Oh, my! We have a big mess don't we!" Kasumi said as
she entered the living room, and there was a mess
alright almost every thing was broken! "You will help
me clean up, won't you Ryoko-chan?"

Ryoko sighed as she followed Kasumi to get a broom to
clean up the mess.

‘I hate cleaning!' she thought quietly as she started
to clean.

Be continued.

Next Chapter:

What?! What do you mean Ranma and Ryoko are going on a
date?! Koniku will make his first attack? It's not
going to be at Nerima? It's going to be at the Masaki
shrine?! Will the rest of the family be able to handle
him, without Tenchi or Ryoko around to help out? How
will Tenchi and Ryoko get together to help their
friends? You will find out in the next chapter!

Author's notes:

Hello everyone! Ryomi here! How are all of you? First
I would like to thank you for read my FanFic! Secondly
I would like to thank my wonderful proof readers
*fanfare* Eric, HeyHey, Shayla and Camille! Oh and one
more thing. PLEASE E-MAIL ME! For any good or bad
commends or just say that you've read my fanfic! JUST
PLEASE E-MAIL ME! Thank you!

Oh, and I'm very sorry that this took so long, I
wanted to post this with my third fanfic, along with
this other fanfic, but it'll take too long so I
decided to post this alone first. Thank you for
reading and remember E-MAIL ME! Thank you! ^_^