Disclaimer- *sighs* I thought I already told u!!!!! I’m not saying it again!
I refuse! So :P

Okies!!!!! Next chapter!

The Ryoko Saga

‘Goodbye, We’ll miss you’

Piccolo reappeared in front of the wall were Vegeta and the others were
stuck. Goku was about to yell but Vegeta gave him the death glare.

Vegeta- Don’t you dare.
Piccolo- Well, I thought you couldn’t get captured Vegeta.
Vegeta- Yeah yeah whatever namek. Get this stuff offa me!
Piccolo- How?

Vegeta growled because he didn’t know how to get out of this stuff and he
couldn’t use his arms. He was suddenly struck with a great idea though.

Vegeta- Namek! Fly up here but make sure Maligno can’t see you.

Piccolo did just that until he was face to face with the saiyan prince.

Vegeta- Now put the necklace around my neck.

Piccolo put the necklace around Vegeta’s neck and flew back down to the
ground.

Vegeta- Now leave!

Piccolo glared at Vegeta and looked at the remote.

Piccolo- For your information, saiyan, I DO NOT KNOW HOW TO WORK THIS THING!
Vegeta- Keep your voice down!
Maligno- Well, well, well, I guess Ryoko has more friends that want to be
locked up. You are of no use to me although you could be of some small
amusement.

With a flick of her wrist, a cage appeared and trapped Piccolo. Lady Maligno
got out of her throne and walked to the cage. She grabbed the remote from
Piccolo’s hand and looked at it.

Maligno- Hmm…fine work…obviously an invention of Ryoko’s…could be useful.
Thank you namek. This invention, is my ticket out of this prison.

Piccolo cursed as colourfully as Vegeta and hit the cage bars as Maligno
walked back to her throne. She sat back upon it and kept the dimension
remote in her hand.

Maligno- Zvaar!
Zvaar- Yes your majesty?
Maligno- Study this machine and find out how it works.

Maligno handed the remote to Zvaar, her evil scientist, and he bowed and ran
away to study it. As for 18 and Jinyou, 18 was getting very tired, she was
just no match for this new being. She dodged a gigantic ki blast and blocked
a few punches aimed at her face. She looked to the wall where everyone was
stuck. Vegeta was using his mouth, the only thing that wasn’t in the goo
that he could move, to do something to the necklace he was wearing.
NECKLACE?! Vegeta hadn’t been wearing a necklace before. She looked to her
left. And since when was Piccolo here? She quickly got back to reality and
got back to the fight.

Trunks- So you just have to do something to that necklace for it to work?
Vegeta- Yes. For  this to work I shall have to make a small sacrifice, small
to you anyway.
Trunks- You…you’re not going to…
Gohan- What’s that strange writing on it?
Vegeta- It’s the language of the maciferians. It’s called Macife-Stro.
Goku- What’s it say?
Vegeta- It says ‘Heart of Evil’.
Gohan- What a weird name.
Vegeta- Any villain knows that his or her greatest weakness would be having
a heart. This ruby is Maligno’s weakness, as in her heart. Get it?
Goku- No.
Vegeta- IDIOT! IF A VILLAIN HAS A HEART IT IS A WEAKNESS! THIS THING IS
CALLED A HEART BECAUSE IT IS A WEAKNESS!
Goku- You don’t have to yell at me.
Vegeta- I do to get it through your thick skull.
Trunks- So what do you have to do to get it to work?
Vegeta- The diamonds encrusted around the ruby can be moved, I need to move
them around in a complete circle. Which is a difficult task considering
every part of me except my face is covered in a goo which renders me
incapable of movement!

Vegeta used his tongue and teeth to move the diamonds around, he managed to
do half the circle before his tongue started to bleed and he got a mouth
full of blood.

Trunks- Dad your bleeding!
Vegeta- I’ve had much worse boy!

Vegeta continued regardless of his bleeding tongue and managed to get the
diamonds all the way around the ruby. He dropped the necklace out of his
mouth as it started to glow a bright yellow. The necklace touched the goo
and the goo disappeared and Vegeta fell from the wall onto the floor.

Goku- Go Vegeta!

Vegeta stood up to notice everyone staring at him, wondering how he got
free.

Maligno- This is impossible! Wait! What is that around you neck? I recognise
it.
Vegeta- I’d be surprised if you didn’t recognise it.

Vegeta stepped closer to Maligno and went straight through the fight which
had continued after Vegeta had been set free. Jinyou and 18 fired a blast at
each other and the two blasts both hit Vegeta. Everyone held their breath as
the smoke cleared. Vegeta was there, unharmed! He had a shield around him.
He smirked his evil smirk and dropped his shield. Everyone watched as he
walk to Maligno’s throne. Jinyou ran towards him to stop him reaching her
master. 18 quickly figured out what Jinyou wanted to do and teleported in
front of Jinyou and did a karate chop on the back of her neck causing her to
fall into unconsciousness. Vegeta kept walking to Maligno who still hadn’t
figured out what Vegeta’s necklace was and where she had seen it before.
Vegeta stopped walking when he stood directly in front of Maligno. She just
looked at him.

Maligno- Wait a minute…that necklace is…no!
Vegeta- Figured it out now? Took you long enough. Set cee lash wi kai, set
cee lash wi kai, set cee lash wi kai, set cee lash wi kai…
Maligno- No!

Vegeta’s chain glowed yellow while the ruby glowed a deep blood red.

Vegeta- Set cee lash wi kai, set cee lash wi kai, set cee lash wi DIE!

On the last word Vegeta started screaming as all his energy was put into the
ruby. It glowed even brighter as Vegeta’s energy was stored into the walls
of the ruby in order to make the beam more powerful. Vegeta rose into the
air as the ruby glowed brighter yet, blinding anyone who looked at it.
Suddenly, a giant red ki beam shot from the ruby and into Maligno. Maligno
screamed and disappeared into the blast. She was gone. Jinyou screamed as
she became bloated until she blew up. The goo surrounding the Z warriors
disappeared and so did Piccolo’s cage. Hisui and Ryoko fell through the
tubes. Vegeta was white as a ghost. He fell to the floor, nothing. Everyone
ran to him. Trunks was about to touch him when Ryoko yelled to him.

Ryoko- Don’t touch him!
Trunks- Why not?!
Ryoko- If you touch him now he will break apart! When you have lost all your
energy like this you turn white and when you touch something you break
apart. I can’t do anything for him. I can not bring him back to life. He is
gone.

Ryoko held back tears.

Ryoko- You may touch him, he is gone anyway. I can not do anything. I AM SO
FUCKING USELESS!!!!!

With that, Ryoko broke down and cried. Trunks touched his father lightly on
the shoulder and he broke apart, just like Ryoko had said. The necklace
vanished, much to everyone’s astonishment.

Ryoko- (sniffs) That was expected to happen. The necklace held Vegeta’s
energy. It will be a part of him forever unless he is brought back to life.
That necklace will remain around his neck forever, he is it’s master.
Gohan- How do you know?
Ryoko- I know that kind of necklace. I have seen one before, created by
another race similar to the Maciferians only not as smart. I studied it when
I was with Kagato.
Goku- Vegeta…
Hisui- I think we better leave. This was Maligno’s dimension, now that she
is gone it will go with her.

Everyone quickly got her point as the dimension started to rock back and
forth.

Goku- How will we get out of here?
Piccolo- The remote! I don’t know how it works though.
Ryoko- Where is it?
Trunks- Maligno gave it to a servant.
Ryoko- Hmm…luckily I can track my inventions. Be right back. (disappears and
reappears with the remote) Everyone connect yourself to me.

Trunks held the hand that wasn’t working the machine and Goku touched
Ryoko’s shoulder. Gohan held onto Goku’s hand and Piccolo touched Trunks’
shoulder. As for 18, she turned into a cat and sat on Ryoko’s head. Hisui
touched Ryoko’s back.

Ryoko- Hmm…how should I phrase this…I know! Take me to Bulma Briefs,
dimension 188.

With that said, they all disappeared from Maligno’s dimension leaving behind
the remains of a great warrior. His name was Vegeta, the proud Saiyan
prince.

NNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!! I KILLED VEGETA!!!!! *cries* Poor Veggie! Don’t
worry, I’m gonna bring him back to life, we can’t have the best guy in DBZ
dead can we? Hee hee. Anyway if ya wanna send me praise, flames, add me to
your contact list, or just wanna chat 2 the weirdest teen ever then e-mail
me at petaholic2001@hotmail.com