Disclaimer- I don’t own DBZ or anime! Blah blah blah blah………

Ok, I no that ur all yelling at me 4 putting another villain into the story
but hey! I promise that there will be clues about the Ryoko/ Vegeta/ Trunks
love triangle k? dodges rotten fruit OK! Enough with my blabbering on with
the next chapter!!!!!!!! WARNING: EXTREMELY SHORT CHAPTER AHEAD!

The Ryoko Saga

‘The Watcher’

Ryoko- 100,001…100,002

Ryoko pushed herself up in the gravity room. It would be exactly 20 minutes
before anyone started waking up. Not that she needed to see anyone, with her
new improved bedroom she didn’t ever have to leave her room but she liked
seeing her friends, especially Trunks and Vegeta. Those two were so
mysterious. She carried on with her one armed push ups while thinking about
the two.

Ryoko- (sighs) They’re both so…so…god damn hot! I wish I could decide but
its physically impossible! Arg! (blows up the gravity room and lands in her
lab) GREAT! JUST GREAT! NOW I HAVE TO REBUILD THIS THING! I NEED TO CONTROL
MY TEMPER! (sighs)

Voice- (whispers) I’m watching you

Ryoko- Huh?

Computer- Take a chill pill girl.

Ryoko- Good idea.

Computer- What flavour?

Ryoko- Apple.

Computer- (creates a pill and makes it float in the air in front of Ryoko)

Ryoko- (eats it) Thanks. Glad I invented that. Stops the adrenaline pumping
through my veins.

Computer- Ryoko, Vegeta’s just woken up for training. Bulma’s getting up now
and Trunks is still asleep.

Ryoko- Ok. Thanks.

Ryoko teleported outside of her room and ended up colliding with Vegeta.

Vegeta- Watch where your going demon!

Ryoko- You watch were your going veggie-head!

Vegeta- Grr…

Ryoko- Oh you flatter me so, I’m not called woman instead I’m called demon,
don’t I feel special…

Vegeta- Arg! (walks off muttering) Stupid demon, demi-goddesses are worse
than humans!

Ryoko- (snickers)

Voice- (whispers) The watcher’s watching you…

Ryoko- Whoever’s doing that, its not funny!

Voice- (whispers) Watching, waiting…

Ryoko- SHUT UP! ITS NOT FUNNY! (looks around) But…there’s no-one here,
stupid Vegeta. He’s doing this to me.

She walked downstairs and into the kitchen to get a drink when Bulma
entered.

Ryoko- Morning Bulma.

Bulma- (yawns) Morning.

Voice- (whispers) Watching…

Ryoko- Did you say something Bulma?

Bulma- No. (drinks coffee)

Ryoko- Oh. Well, see you later. (walks out)

Bulma- Wonder what’s wrong with her…

Ryoko floated outside to the gravity room and pushed the button that stopped
it working. She heard a thud as Vegeta fell to the floor. She grinned and
prepared herself for the insults.

Vegeta- WHAT DO YOU WANT!?

Ryoko- I came to say, STOP TRYING TO SCARE ME!

Vegeta- Demon, what are you talking about?

Ryoko- You know very well what I’m talking about!

Vegeta- No I don’t! Enlighten me…

Ryoko- You keep whispering weird stuff to me!

Vegeta- Like?

Ryoko- Like ‘the watchers watching you’ and stuff like that! Quit it!

Voice- (whispers) Watching, waiting…

Ryoko- There! You just did it again!

Vegeta- Get it right demon! Its not me!!!

Voice- (whispers) Vegeta…

Vegeta- You’re doing it to me now!

Ryoko- No I’m not!!

Voice- (whispers) Ryoko…

Ryoko- There! That was you!!!!

Vegeta- No it wasn’t! Listen…

Ryoko- (listens)

Voice- (whispers) Soon, my little ones, soon…

Ryoko- (looks at Vegeta) That…that can’t have been you, you never moved your
mouth and your not a ventriliquist. And I’ve just noticed, that’s a woman’s
voice.

Vegeta- Exactly. Go do some experiments or something to find out. (switches
machine on and closes door)

Ryoko- Well, the nerve of that self centred, arrogant, big headed, hot, sexy
idiot! (walks off)

Vegeta- (inside the gravity machine) (smirks)

Ryoko teleported to her lab and started working on putting her gravity
machine back together. She sighed and worked for an hour until it was
complete and then fell asleep for two hours. Meanwhile, she was beginning
her plans…

Lady Maligno- Things are going well. With my constant whispering I am
getting them scared. Perfect. It is time.

Servant- Shall I, my Lady?

Lady Maligno- Yes.

The servant, (who was a girl), teleported herself into Ryoko’s lab. There
was Ryoko, sleeping quietly. Smirking, the servant crept to Ryoko and
grabbed her neck. Ryoko woke up.

Ryoko- Who are you?!

Servant- Your replacement.

The servant used her powers to engulf Ryoko in a yellow goo that was
impossible to get out of.

Ryoko- (struggles)

Servant- Try as you may, it is not possible. (takes Ryoko’s form)

Ryoko- You, look just like me.

Servant- I sound like you too. No-one will be able to tell the difference.

Ryoko- Hisui will!

Servant- All taken care of.

Ryoko- No…

Lady Maligno- Have you got her yet?

Servant- Yes my lady.

Lady Maligno- Perfect. Transformation was successful. Give her to me.

Servant- (bows)

A beam then appeared on Ryoko which was red hot.

Ryoko- (screams)

Servant- (smirks)

Ryoko- V…Vegeta. (faints)

Cliffhanger! MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Aren’t I evil? Well what’s gonna happen to
Ryoko? Will the others be able to tell the difference? What’s the evil clone
gonna do? Well, find out next chapter that’ll be entitled ‘ Send in the
clone!’ K? Well, I’ve got msn messenger so if ya wanna add me to your
contact list, e-mail me praise, send me flames or just wanna chat to a
beautiful girl then e-mail me at petaholic2001@hotmail.com
