Disclaimer- I don’t own anime or DBZ or Ryoko from Tenchi Universe! Blah
blah blah blah blah……

Ok, so here’s the next chappie! Poor Ryoko, what’s gonna happen to her?

By the way, Xiayou is pronounced Zie-you.

The Ryoko Saga

‘Send in the clone!’

Vegeta- what? Huh? Who was that? Stupid demon…

He carried on doing push ups as the clone got closer. Closer…

Clone- (switched machine off)

Vegeta- (curses and opens door) WHAT!?

Clone- (thinks) THIS is one of the ones Ryoko likes? He’s cute but geez,
major attitude problem. (speaks up and starts drawing circles on Vegeta’s
chest with her finger) I was wondering if we could go for a walk sometime
later…

Vegeta- (thinks) Something’s not right…(speaks up) NO! (slams door)

The clone jumped back with a start.

Clone- (thinks) How could he know? I’m every bit like Ryoko, I’m just more
forward. Stupid Monkey Prince. (walks off)

Vegeta- (opens door) I knew it…

The clone walked into Capsule Corp only to be greeted by Bulma.

Bulma- Hi! Are you ok? You seemed a little jumpy this morning.

Clone- (thinks) Don’t kill her…don’t kill her…(speaks up) Yeah I’m fine.
Just a headache, tell me…where is Trunks?

Bulma- In his room still. Fast asleep and snoring. Man, when that guy snore
he-

Clone- Yeah ok! (runs off)

Bulma- (tilts head)

The clone ran into Trunks’ room to see him sprawled on the bed half-naked
with his head hanging off the edge.

Clone- (thinks) Charming…he’s also a hottie! (speaks up) Trunks…wake up…

Trunks- I don’t wanna! (rolls over)

Clone- (growls) Wake up…

Trunks- No.

Clone- WAKE UP!!!!!!!!!!!!

Trunks- (wakes up scared) Ryoko! What the hell!?

Clone- Sorry Trunks but I was bored. (thinks) Good cover up (speaks up)
Wanna go for a walk? I know this nice forest, will you please go with me?
(starts drawing circles on his chest) Please? (big puppy dog eyes)

Trunks- (thinks its Ryoko) Ok. Just let me get up and get dressed.

Clone- (smirks and walks out) (thinks) Perfect. He’s buying my act. What a
moron. I’m surprised. He’s smarter than the monkey prince so why? Oh well.
Phase 1 of get Trunks to my Lady is complete. Begin phase 2.

Trunks- Ok, I’m ready now. So, where is this forest?

Clone- It’s a surprise. (grabs his hand and flies out the window)

As they were flying, below them Vegeta came out of the gravity room.

Vegeta- (thinks) No. (speaks up) TRUNKS! YOU GET BACK HERE!

Clone- (thinks) Too late.

The two of them flew over the city until they landed in the forest not far
from where Piccolo and Goku where training.

Goku- Wait! (dodges punch) STOP! I sense two kis in this area.

Piccolo- One of them is Trunks, the other I don’t recognise and its strong
but not strong enough to be Ryoko.

Goku- Let’s investigate.

They flew off and landed not far from where Trunks and the clone where.

They hid their ki and stood behind trees.

Goku- (whispers) It is Ryoko. She must be hiding her ki.

Piccolo- It’s not Ryoko you moron. It’s someone else. Someone evil.

Clone- Walk this way Trunks.

Trunks- Have you been keeping something from me? Is it a surprise?

Clone- er…yeah! It’s a surprise! Close your eyes…

She opened up a purple portal and led Trunks towards it.

Clone- …and say hi to Lady Maligno for me! (pushes Trunks through the
portal)

Trunks- (screams)

Goku- NO! (jumps from hiding place) How could you do that Ryoko?

Piccolo- (appears) SHE’S NOT RYOKO YOU MORON!

Clone- How can you say that? Of course I’m Ryoko. (smiles sweetly)

Goku- See?

Piccolo- SHE’S NOT!

Clone- I AM!

Piccolo- You’re NOT!

Vegeta- (lands) She is.

Clone- I’M NOT! Huh?

Everyone turned to look at Vegeta who was standing there with his arms
crossed.

Goku- Hey V-man!

Vegeta- Kakkarot, you’re such a retard. Anyone with a BRAIN can tell that
she isn’t Ryoko! SINCE YOU HAVE SPACE TO RENT IN YOUR HEAD I CAN SEE WHY YOU
CAN’T!

Goku- So…she’s not Ryoko?

Vegeta- NO!!

Clone- I hate to break up the party guys but, it’s time. FOR YOUR SLOW AND
PAINFUL DIMISE!!

The Clone then ran at Goku and pelted him with punches sending him flying
into a tree. Piccolo then tried to attack her but missed and ended up
unconscious. Goku picked himself up and launched an attack but ended up as
road kill.

Clone- I need YOU. (points to Vegeta)

Vegeta- You’ll never take me alive.

Clone- Then I guess that I’ll have to take you DEAD then.

Lady Maligno- No. Xiayou don’t.

Clone (Xiayou)- But my Lady…

Lady Maligno- NO BUTS! I need him ALIVE.

Xiayou- (sighs) Fine.

Vegeta- Finished with your little mental conversation, slave?

Xiayou- I have a name moron. But I won’t waste my breath telling you.

Vegeta- I see that you gained some of Ryoko’s personality. Tool. Come on!
(flies towards her)

Meanwhile, in the dimension of darkness…

Ryoko- YOU JUST WAIT! YOU JUST WAIT MALIGNO! VEGETA AND TRUNKS WON’T REST
UNTIL I’M RESCUED!

Hisui- AND THE SAME GOES FOR GOHAN TOO YOU MOTHER F**K*NG B*TCH!!!

Lady Maligno- Calm down both of you. That’s just what I’m counting on and
Ryoko, don’t count on Trunks saving you. I’ve already taken care of that.
Bring him in Jin.

Jin- Yes my Lady. (throws the unconscious Trunks down at Lady Maligno’s
feet) Xiayou has done well this time your majesty.

Lady Maligno- Yes. She has. Remind me to upgrade her as a reward when she
returns.

Jin- Yes, my Lady.

Lady Maligno- You are excused.

Jin- As you command. (walks away)

Trunks- (wakes up) W…wha…what happened? RYOKO! WHAT DID YOU DO TO ME!

Ryoko- I DIDN’T DO ANYTHING! I’VE BEEN IN THIS TUBE SINCE ABOUT 9AM!

Trunks- Then…who…?

Lady Maligno- The ‘Ryoko’ that sent you here? That was Xiayou, one of my
servants. She is a shape shifter.

Trunks- You…

Lady Maligno- You are lucky. I am not going to drain you until later. When
the others arrive.

Trunks- DRAIN ME!? WHY YOU! (lunges at Maligno)

Lady Maligno- (laughs evilly) Don’t be pathetic mortal. (waves her hand and
a green goo wraps itself around Trunks)

Trunks- Hey! Let me outta here!

Lady Maligno- No. I find you quite amusing. (throws the goo against a wall)

Trunks- (struggles)

With a wave of her hand, Lady Maligno created restraints and forced Trunks
into them. The goo refused to move though.

Lady Maligno- Precaution.

Ryoko- HEY! B*TCH QUEEN FROM HELL! WHEN ARE YA GONNA LET ME GO!?

Lady Maligno- Never. You will be a part of me forever.

Ryoko- I KNOW WHAT YOU’RE ON ABOUT AND I SAY F*CK OFF U LITTLE B*ST*RD! I
REFUSE! I WON’T! I’M NOT BECOMING A PART OF YOUR DISGUSTING, EVIL, PUTRID,
UGLY (screams)

Lady Maligno- I’ll have you know my niece that I AM NOT UGLY! I AM THE MOST
BEAUTIFUL OF ALL THE GODDESSES AND I WAS BANISHED BECAUSE OF MY BEAUTY!

Ryoko- LIAR! YOU WERE BANISHED FOR TRYING TO DESTROY MY MOTHER WHEN YOU KNEW
THAT I WOULD BE A THREAT TO YOU! AND YOU TRIED TO DESTROY TSUNAMI! AND
TOKIMI! AND THE UNIVERSE!

Lady Maligno- Ok, I was a bad sister. So? I can make a new start. With the
greatest power in the universe.

Ryoko- Let me guess…hmm…I’m the greatest power?

Lady Maligno- Not just you. So is Gohan, Kakkarot, Vegeta and Trunks.

Ryoko- Grr…

Lady Maligno- Tsk tsk. A Lady shouldn’t growl.

Ryoko- I NEVER ACTED LIKE ONE BEFORE SO I DON’T SEE WHY I SHOULD START NOW!

Lady Maligno- Temper temper. (shakes head) Please, don’t let us get off to a
bad start.

Ryoko- (tries to break free)

Lady Maligno- (laughs maniacally)

Back to the fight…

Vegeta dodged a flurry of punches from Xiayou and sent an energy blast her
way. She dodged it with ease. They had been battling for anything from 1-3
hours and either had even broken a sweat yet. Goku and Piccolo were still
unconscious and had several scratches from stray ki blasts. Vegeta created
an energy sword. This attack made his mind wander.

Vegeta- (thinks) Ryoko…

Ryoko had taught him this move while they were training. Vegeta’s little
time period of been in another universe was short lived as Xiayou had
spotted her chance and sliced a chunk from his side. Vegeta refused to
scream so, in rage, he disintegrated her arm. It didn’t grow back. Xiayou
was confused.

Xiayou- My Lady, why?

Vegeta saw his chance and sliced off her other arm but, for some unknown
reason, that one grew back. He took a quick close look at her other arm. It
had been burned around the end that had been disintegrated. The other arm
had just been sliced off so it had a chance to grow back. Vegeta stepped
back and ran at her sending her flying with a huge boot mark on her face.

Xiayou- That does it. NOBODY TOUCHES ‘the face’.

Xiayou hit Vegeta across the face and kicked him where it would hurt most on
a guy. Then she kneed him in the back sending him to the floor and put one
foot on his back. She thought that he was unconscious.

Xiayou- Foolish mortal.

Vegeta- (powers up) I AM THE PRINCE OF THE SAYAINS!

Vegeta’s upper half went red went red as did his tail. His eyes flashed red
for a second before he lunged at Xiayou sending her flying into a tree.
Flying towards her, he powered up a ki blast and sent it towards her. She
dodged and her hands turned into claws. Very sharp claws. As fast as
lightning she slashed Vegeta across the stomach and face. He collapsed,
unconscious. Xiayou created some yellow goo and commanded it to wrap itself
around Vegeta. Just in case. She created another portal also purple and got
ready to throw Vegeta through it.

Xiayou- One, two, thr-(screams)

It was Goku! He had finally regained consciousness and had done a kamehameha
into Xiayou’s face. She dropped Vegeta and held her face in her hands giving
Goku enough time to hit her hard where one of her arms used to be.

Vegeta- (regains consciousness) Idiot. (falls back unconscious)

Goku- Huh?

Xiayou- (laughs evilly as her arm grows back)

Piccolo- (wakes up) Fool. You knocked off the scab on the stub of her arm.

Goku- Oops. (puts hand behind head)

Xiayou- Moron. (attacks)

Xiayou gave Goku a karate chop on the back of the neck rendering him
unconscious again. Kicking him into a tree, she turned to face Piccolo.

Xiayou- You are no threat to me, namek.

Piccolo- Oh yeah? (runs towards her)

He hit her clean in the face and then kicked her on her hip. Growling,
Xiayou flew towards him at a great speed and picked him up. She threw him up
and created an energy blast. Hurling it at Piccolo she laughed as it
disintegrated his lower half.

Xiayou- Don’t count on me waiting, fool. I know you can regenerate. That
just annoys me. (flies up to piccolo and hurls him to the ground rendering
him unconscious again) My work here is done.

Vegeta- (groans in pain)

Xiayou- (sighs) Well, almost.

She flew down to Vegeta, picked him up and threw him through the portal.
Smirking as she closed the portal, she waited for her next instructions.

Xiayou- My Lady. I have completed my task.

Lady Maligno- Your next task is to bring me Kakkarot and Gohan…on second
thoughts cancel that order. Instead you are to…

Xiayou listened to Maligno’s orders carefully while smiling.

Xiayou- My Lady, I will. (disappears)

Meanwhile…

Jin- Lady Maligno, he has arrived.

Lady Maligno- Throw him in.

Ryoko- Who have you captured now moron.

Lady Maligno- Why, it’s the other guy that you love so much.

Jin- (throws Vegeta at Maligno’s feet)

Ryoko- Vegeta…

Lady Maligno- I now have the two you care for most. And now I’m counting on
your friends and the other one that you care for to rescue you.

Hisui- HIS NAME IS GOHAN!

Lady Maligno- I know who he is child.

Vegeta- (groans) Wha…? RYOKO! (tries to get up) Huh? WHAT THE HELL IS THIS
STUFF!

Lady Maligno- A power zapping goo. I believe it was created by your mother
Ryoko.

Ryoko- No it wasn’t! My aunt Tokimi created it!

Lady Maligno- Whatever. (throws Vegeta against the wall) Say hi to your
father, Trunks.

Trunks- Wha…? Dad!

Vegeta- You are such a moron. You should have sensed that her ki wasn’t
familiar!

Trunks- (whimpers)

Vegeta- (sighs)

Lady Maligno- Leave the family squabbling until later. We have a whole
eternity to spend together. Let’s not get off to a bad start.

Vegeta- GO TO HELL!

Back on Earth, Goku had just woken up as had Piccolo who was now fully
regenerated. The both of them had travelled to Kame house and called upon
the Z warriors.

Goku- So basically that’s the whole story.

Krillen- So let me get this straight. Ryoko invited Trunks out only she
wasn’t really Ryoko but a clone of her and pushed Trunks through a portal
and then did the same to Vegeta after a battle. (takes a deep breath)

Goku- Well…yeah.

Yamcha- I’m confused.

Bulma- Oh shut up! What’s important now is how to get them back!

Tien- Yeah…but how? None of us can get through to the other dimension.

18- Ahem…

Tien- Except 18. Hey yeah!

Krillen- Since when could you go into other dimensions?

18- Um hello? How do you think I met Ryoko? Stupid.

Bulma- Ok. I presume that this woman’s after the most powerful ones here so
only 18, Goku and Gohan should go.

Chi-Chi- You’re not taking my baby!

Goku- Come on Chi-Chi. We need him.

Xiayou- Yes, I do.

Everyone- Huh? (turns to look outside)

Xiayou- Remember me Android?

18- GET HER! (flies out of the window)

Xiayou- (laughs and flies away)

18- (flies after her) COME ON YOU TWO!

Goku- (flies after her)

Gohan- (flies after them)

Chi-Chi- DON’T YOU DARE LET ANYTHING HAPPEN TO GOHAN, GOKU!

Bulma- Chill Chi, chill.

They flew to an island where they saw Xiayou run into a cave. The three of
them followed her and came across a purple portal at the end of the cave.
Xiayou was stood there smirking.

Xiayou- Want your pathetic friends back? Come get them. (jumps through the
portal)

Gohan- LET’S GO! (tries to run but is held back by 18) Hey!

18- No. Not yet. (walks towards the portal)

She started to glow and a lightning bolt came from her forehead and went
into the portal. She screamed as her whole body began to glow and her outfit
changed. She now a tight catsuit on that was like Ryoko’s, only blue. She
turned to face the two sayains.

18- Now we can go.

Gohan- What was that beam?

18- A safety beam. It checks whether there is a mind control device through
the portal or anything to imprison us or stop us reaching our goal.

Goku- What’s that mean?

18- (growls) You are such a simpleton. It means that it’s a pretty light
that keeps us safe. K?

Goku- Oh! I get it now!

18- (mutters) Moron.

Gohan- Can we go through it now?

18- Yeah.

The three of them walked up to the portal and stood there for a second. Goku
was fascinated by the ‘pretty light’ and reached out to touch it. He walked
slowly through it, making his head go through last.

Goku- Boo!

18- Just go through moron!

Goku- K.

The two of them watched as Goku’s head disappeared through the portal. As
his complete body was now through, the portal made a screeching noise as
Gohan walked towards it. He put his hand through. It felt really weird. Like
jelly was touching him. 18 was getting miffed.

18- (thinks) Why do they take so long? It’s just a portal for goddess’s
sake! I mean, I’ve walked through hundreds before!

With that final thought, she gave Gohan a quick push. Since he wasn’t
expecting it, he fell straight through the portal screaming. 18 rolled her
eyes as she stepped up to the portal.

18- I’m gonna get you Xiayou. Don’t think I’ve forgotten what you did.

With that last thought, she stepped through the portal.

OO! CLIFFHANGER! Hee hee. I’m so evil. Anywayz, what’s gonna happen on the
other side? What did Xiayou do? How do she and 18 know each other? Find out
in the next few chapters! Anywayz, I’ve got msn messenger so if ya wanna add
me go right ahead! And if ya wanna send praise, flames or just wanna chat to
the coolest chick around then e-mail me at petaholic2001@hotmail.com