Disclaimer : Dear Readers I'm here to tell you that I
do NOT own these characters, Ranma ½ was created by
Rumiko Takeuchi and brought to us by Viz
Communications. Tenchi Muyo was created by and Masaki
Kajishima, and was brought to us by Pioneer LDC and
AIC. So, please don't sue me! I don't have any money!

Oh, by the way, just incase you haven't found out from
the first two chapters, in this story the characters
of Ranma ½ are two years older (Ex: Ranma, age:18),
while the character of Tenchi Muyo are of their
regular ages (Ex: Ryoko, age:17 (this fanfic based off
TV series and Shin series))

Now you may read the fanfic.

Ryoko in Nerima
3. Face the truth

After Ryoko and Kasumi had managed to clean most of
the mess in to room, it was already very late. Ryoko
decided to watch the sunset on the roof. ‘What a day!'
she thought, as she sat down, finally getting some
peace.

"Mind if I join you?" a voice behind her said.

Ryoko knowing that the voice belonged to Ranma,
answered, "Sure, but don't bring any of your ‘friends'
along."

Ranma smiled as he sat down beside her, "Na, I don't
think I want them here after what they put me
through."

"I've always loved there, especially to watch the
sunset and rise, you can see it very clearly from up
here. And sometimes I come here to clear mine mind or
calm myself after a fight or something. You probably
think I sound stupid." Ryoko said blushing a bit.

"No, not at all." Ranma said, "I do this all the time
and for the same reason you do it. Normally after what
you've seen me go through."

Ryoko giggled a bit at that. The two remained silent,
while the sun slowly go down and disappeared.

"Beautiful, ain't it?" Ryoko asked, breaking the
silence.

"Yeah." Ranma replied, "Ryoko, what do you think of my
life, after you truly saw it I mean? After all, I did
told you about it before." he turned and looked at
her, ‘She really is beautiful.' Ranma thought as the
wind blow through her hair softly stroking it, the
stars reflected in her beautiful golden eyes, there
seems to be a magical glow around her gorgeous figure,
and the soft smile she wore on her face could make any
guys go nuts.

"Well," Ryoko answered as she turned to face Ranma,
"it's a bit more then I could have imagined." ‘Got to
admit, he is cute.' Ryoko thought as she looked at his
handsome face and blushed a little.

"A little bit more?" Ranma laughed.

"Well, maybe a little bit more than a little bit
more." Ryoko said smiling, "Got to admit, you life is
even a bit more weird than my every day life! and that
is scary! But of course, there is a lot more weirder
times in my life."

"More weirder?" Ranma asked shocked, "Now that's
scary!"

Both laughed for a while, till Akane came up the roof,
"So, this is where you two are!" she said as she
walked over to them and sat beside Ryoko."What are you
two doing here anyway?"

"Just enjoying the night air," Ryoko replied, "and
getting away from the madness."

"I know what you mean." Akane said sympathetically,
"The stupid pervert just have to have, including me,
four fiancees! And that's not including the fiancees
that hadn't found him yet!"

"It ain't my fault that my old man got me engaged to
this many people!" Ranma complained.

"But it is you fault to lead them to believe that you
will marry them!" Akane yelled.

"I, for one, believes that you should follow you
heart, and marry the one you love. Your parents
shouldn't have control over that. Getting engaged to
some one you don't truly love, and don't even like,
will almost never work out in a marriage. That's why I
believe, engaged or not, if you truly love some one,
you should think about their happiness, as well as
your's. You should try your best to let that person
acknowledge your love. However, if the one you love,
loves some one else, and you truly loves him or her
then you will put him or her happiness before you.
Even if it means giving up on your love." Ryoko said
as she remembered about Tenchi, tears slowly fell from
her eyes, but she quickly stopped herself form crying,
knowing that Ranma and Akane are there.

"That was beautiful!" Akane said sniffing.

"Ha, thanks. I was just playing with words that's all.
I hope I didn't sound stupid." Ryoko said, blushing.

"Not at all!" Ranma said smiling, "This actually given
me an idea for this prank."

"What?!" Ryoko yelled, "All I just said didn't have a
meaning to you, and it give you an idea for a prank?!
Ranma have got the slightest clue how much love could
hurt a person?!" in her mind she's already got a
picture of Tenchi, tears began to form in her eyes
again.

Ranma noticed the look of hurt on Ryoko's face as if
she was about to cry again and he was the one that
caused this, he suddenly felt a sharp pain within his
heart, "No, no, no! That's not what I meant!" Ranma
yelled trying to explain to Ryoko, "I understand
perfectly what you just said! What I meant was a kind
of test!"

"A test?" Akane asked confused.

"Yes, Akane." Ranma replied and turned to look at
Akane, "You know how Ukchan, Shampoo, and Kodachi,
always said that they love me?"

"Yeah."

"Well, I was thinking..." Ranma told the two girl his
plan, and then they carefully thought out the whole
process.

The *Test* was made.

*****

After dinner, Ryoko and Akane were getting ready for
bed after a bath.

"Hey, here's a PJ for you Ryoko-chan." Akane said as
she handed Ryoko a *pink* silk night dress.

"Pink?" Ryoko asked after she put it on, she looked at
Akane, "That's not really my color, you know."

"Sorry, that's the only one I have. It don't look nice
on you though." Akane said as she looked out the
window, "P-chan's gone for two days now, you know I'm
beginning to worry now."

‘P-chan?' Ryoko thought as she sweat dropped, ‘Ryoga,
you mean. God, how could she still not know after all
Ranma had done. For what I heard ANYONE should have
found out by now!'

"I'm sure he'll be find, Akane." Ryoko said as she
gave Akane a comforting smile, "After all, from what I
heard, he is a very smart pig, he just got a little
direction problem that's all. I'm sure he'll come
home, after all who wouldn't, with you being it's
owner."

"Thanks Ryoko-chan. You really know how to talk."
Akane said as she returned the smile.

Ryoko blushed at that, ‘And Aeyka said I don't know
how to talk right.' Ryoko thought to herself quietly.

"Ryoko-chan?" Akane asked as she untied Ryoko's hair
for her, Ryoko had to let her hair down in order to
let Akane to turn it in to a braid, so now it's
flowing freely down her back instead of the hair style
she wore so often. "Do you think our plan will work? I
mean what if the shampoo 110 don't work?"

"Hmm... that's an interesting thought." Ryoko said,
looking thoughtful, "I never though about that, but I
do know some pressure points that might work if the
shampoo don't."

"You know pressure points?" Akane asked surprised,
"You never told us about that before."

"You never asked." Ryoko said winking.

"Ha ha, very funny." Akane said as she give Ryoko a
look then smiled, "Well, good night Ryoko-chan!"

"Good night Akane!" Ryoko replied.

*****

Mean while at the Masaki house hold...

"Ryoko been gone for two days now, I hope she's
alright." Sasami said as she look worried.

"Miss Ryoko is not the one I'm worried about, it's
Tenchi-sama I'm worried about." Aeyka said looking at
Ryoko's letter, "In the letter Ryoko said Tenchi-sama
had kissed this other girl, I have no clue what is she
talking about, but I hope that's not true."

"Hmm... I wonder." Washu said also looking at Ryoko's
letter beside Aeyka.

‘So, that's what she meant by ‘Tenchi's already
taken', that time when I went to get her after she ran
away for the first time.' Kiyone thought as she looked
at everyone.

"Ryoko will be back won't she Kiyone?" Mihoshi asked
also worried.

"I hope so Mihoshi." Kiyone answered, "I hope so."

*****

In Tenchi's hotel...

Tenchi looked at the picture of Ryoko in a white dress
that seems to be a cloth flowing around her under the
moonlight, he had never seen her in that dress before,
this picture taken several days ago after the fight
with Yuugi, when she had became so quiet. They didn't
even know why she had wore that dress, but that's
because she won't tell them. Tenchi had taken that
picture when she wasn't looking.

"Ryoko..." Tenchi whispered as he looked at the
picture, "I'm sorry."

*****

‘Ryoko, I'm sorry.' those words came rushing in
Ryoko's head like a flash of lighting, she could see
him, hear him, smell him, feel him, it was so real.
‘No, not real!' She told herself, ‘Tenchi's not here.
I'm imaging things.' but tears came rushing out of her
eyes, anyway. However she didn't dare make a sound,
afraid that she'll wake up the sleeping Akane, so she
quietly cried to herself to sleep.

*Dream*

Ryoko was in the dark no life no nothing, just
darkness.

"Where am I?" she screamed on the top of her lungs,
"Can't anyone hear me? Help!" she was scared, she
always hated the darkness and the cold, and now she
was all alone, no life around her just the darkness
and the cold. Then a voice spoke in her mind.

"Hello, phoenix princess Ryoko!" said the voice.

"What?" Ryoko whispered in fright.

"Don't tell me your parents never told you." replied
the voice.

"What are you talking about? My parents died a long
time ago!" Ryoko said as she looked around, even more
afraid. "Who are you? Leave me alone!"

"Not until, you see this." said the voice.

*Flash*

Ryoko was back at the Masaki house, she looked around
and then asked the voice, "Why am I here? Why did you
bring me here?"

"Because of this princess phoenix." Then voice
answered.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh!"

Ryoko turned at the sound of the voice, it was Tenchi.
He was badly injured as he fell to the ground, a dark
figure came closer and closer to him with a dark blade
and was about to stirk. "Tenchi!" Ryoko screamed as
she tried to run to him but she can't move. "What?
What's wrong with me!?"

"You can't, princess." The voice said, "You can't do
nothing other then watch."

"Why are you calling me princess?" asked Ryoko.

"No! Lord Tenchi!" yelled Aeyka, she and the rest of
the family are all lying on the ground all very
injured many unconscious only she and Yousho are still
awake.

"Silent fool!" yelled the dark figure as he sent a
energy blast toward Aeyka and she was also knocked
unconscious.

"Aeyka! No!" yelled Tenchi.

"Now time to finish you!" yelled figure as he struck
at Tenchi.

"No!" Screamed Ryoko as she couldn't just watch any
more, this...this thing! Was killing all the ones she
loved! " I won't allow this! I won't let you kill
them!" A rush of unknown energy flow from her body and
surrounded her. The energy started to form a gold
frame around her.

"Princess no!" screamed the voice, "You can not do
that!"

The dark figure turned toward the glowing Ryoko, and
forgot about Tenchi, "You! You're the one!"

"What?" asked Tenchi surprised, also turning to Ryoko,
"No." he whispered, then yelled in confidents "Your
not real! Your not my Ryoko, your another elution
that's trying to trick me! It's not going to work!"
Tenchi activated the Tenchi-ken, and got off the
ground weakly.

Ryoko, on the other hand, didn't pay attention to
anything, she was too shocked by the strange new
energy she had just activated. "What...What is this?"
Ryoko said in a small, frightened voice. She didn't
know what was happening.

"You are the one I want!" Screamed the dark figure.

"What?" Ryoko took a step back, she was terrified at
the sight, she was able to move again, but she can't
activated her powers, she was sure that if she could
learn this new energy she had just activated, she
could be really powerful, but the thing is she has no
time. The dark figure looks like he was going to kill
her and Tenchi who is injured but still moving seems
to want the same thing. The dark figure placed his
hand in front of him and shot out a beam of dark
energy, the dark energy was sent flying towards her
with an incredible force, however she was not hit,
instead the power turn in to 5 chains. One on each of
her legs and arms, and one surrounded her neck. All
the ropes tighten, and sent electricity through her
body. Ryoko screamed in pain, but soon stopped because
the rope around her neck tightened, chocking her.
‘AIR! I NEED AIR! I CAN'T BREATH!' Ryoko's mind
screamed to her.

Tenchi looked at Ryoko in shock, "R...Ryoko?" he
managed as he looked at her more closely. This Ryoko
was real! Not another fake!

"H..Hel...Help m..me!" Ryoko managed as the chain
tightened around her neck and cutting the air to her
lungs, her hole body felt weak, she can't take it any
longer.

Tenchi was sure now, this was Ryoko, he screamed,
"Don't you dare harm her!" as he slammed the
Tenchi-ken in to the dark figure. The figure was
surprised at the move and released the ropes that held
Ryoko, and she was free. Ryoko fell to the ground
gasping for air, she doesn't have the energy to
support her body anymore.

"You fool!" the dark figure hissed as he rusted the
dark blade in to Tenchi, Tenchi screamed as he coughed
out blood.

"TENCHI!" Ryoko screamed in terror as tears flow
freely from her eyes.

"Ryoko *cough* run! Get away *cough* from here!
Ahhhhhhh!" Tenchi howled in pain as the blade was
taken out of his body, covered in blood, he fell to
the ground, limp.

"This is what will happen if you don't learn your
powers little princess." said the voice sadly.

"NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" Ryoko screamed, tears falling to the
ground, the golden energy that had surrounded her
started to glow brighter and brighter, into a blinding
light. The dark figure looked shocked at the huge
amount of power Ryoko is displaying.

Then the voice started to talk again, this time very
quietly, even Ryoko can't hear him. "I see, I was not
suppose to let you get in this dream word, but it
seems that it helped you to activated your power. I
should sent you back to your friends now."

*****

"Ryoko!" Ranma yelled as he shook her looking very
worried, "Ryoko, please wake up!"

"NOOOOOO!" Ryoko woke up from her dream screaming,
tears flowing down her checks.

"Ryoko-chan!" Akane yelled happily, "I'm so glad your
awake! You had us worried to death! Are you Ok?" Akane
looked at her worriedly.

‘I can't tell them.' Ryoko thought as she looked into
her friends worried faces, but she was too scared and
tired, ‘What a terrible nightmare, it won't come true,
will it?' she though as she tried to stop her self
from shivering and crying. "I...I'm...fi...fine." she
managed.

"Ryoko-chan, your shivering like a leaf! Ranma I think
we should call Doctor Tofu." Akane said as she helped
Ryoko to sit up."

"No, I'm fine, really." Ryoko said weakly, as she gave
them a weakly smile. "Did I wake any one else up?"

"No, Akane came and got me, when you started to scream
in your sleep and won't wake up, we were gonna call
Doctor Tofu, but then we thought, we try to wake you
up first." said Ranma smiling happily that his friend
is finally awake.

"Ryoko-chan, if you won't let us call Doctor Tofu, you
should at least stay home tomorrow." Akane said
looking at her shivering friend.

"Akane's right!" Ranma added, "You shouldn't force
yourself to do things, when your sick!"

"No," Ryoko replied looking at her friends, managing
to control herself a bit. "Don't worry, I just need a
good night sleep that's all, really."

"Are you sure?" asked Ranma.

"Yes." Ryoko said, "Now let's all get some sleep."

As soon as Ranma and Akane went bed, Ryoko fell
asleep, she was very tired.

*****

The next morning, Ryoko and Akane were up...

"Ryoko-chan?" asked Akane walked over to Ryoko, guided
her to a chair let her sit down, brought out a brash,
and started to brash her long soft hair flowing freely
down her back, then proceed to helped Ryoko to tie her
hair back to a french braid. Akane had always wondered
why Ryoko had tied her hair into that odd style
before, she looks even more beautiful, now that she
had let her hair down. Of course, Ryoko has always
managed to look really beautiful when ever she wanted
to or it just comes naturally, no matter what style of
hair she has or the cloth she is wearing. Ryoko's
figure and beauty was one of the things that Akane was
jealous about. However, now she is worried about
Ryoko's health, especially after last night. "Are you
sure you want to go to school today?"

"Yeah." Ryoko replied, "Of course, besides, we have to
continue our plan!"

"Ha ha, Yeah." Akane said as she laughed, she braided
the long red ribbon into Ryoko's hair, the ribbon was
very long so, when she reached the part where she was
to tie the hair together, she still had quite a bit
left, and even after she had finish tying there was a
bit left. "I can't wait to see their faces! Ha ha ha!"

"Yeah!" Ryoko said as she started to giggle.

"What you do that for?!"

A female scream had stopped the laughing girls.

"Who was that?" Ryoko asked looking out the window.

"That must be Ranma!" Akane replied.

"Ranma's girl form?" Ryoko asked turning back to
Akane.

"Yep!" she replied.

*****

The two girls came down stairs.

"Oh, hi Akane, Ryoko." Ranma-chan said very quietly.

"R...Ranma?" Ryoko asked couldn't believe the red hair
girl in front of her is really Ranma!

"Yeah." Ranma-chan said looking at her friend.

"Oh my." Ryoko said in disbelieve as her legs felt
weak, Ranma-chan and Akane had to held on to her to
keep her from falling. Ryoko has seen a lot of weird
things, but this, she has never seen before.
Ranma-chan had grown over the years, and is almost the
same height as Akane and a little taller than Ryoko.

"Uh...Ryoko?"Ranma-chan asked as she looked at her
shocked friend.

"I...I'm sorry." Ryoko said as she came out of her
shock, "It's just a little odd to imaging you are the
same Ranma I've seem."

"Yeah." Ranma-chan answered as she looked down on the
floor.

"Oh, come on, Ranma." Ryoko said as she looked at her
depressed friend, "It's not that bad, I was just a
little surprised that's all. Your girl side is really
good looking actually."

"Oh, so what?" Ranma-chan said bitterly, "Who cares if
my girl side is good looking? I'm a guy, damn it! Just
tell me one person that would want to marry a guy with
breasts? Uh?"

"No one would marry you even if you don't have
breast!" Akane said smiling, but she frowned as soon
as she saw the deep hurt within Ranma-chan's eyes.

"I would Ranma." Ryoko said softly, thinking, ‘Even if
Tenchi had breasts, I would still marry him, if he let
me. Ranma must understand more about love.'

"What?" Ranma-chan looked at Ryoko in shock.

"I said I would Ranma." Ryoko repeated, "Ranma, love
is the most important thing in a relationship. If you
don't love the person your with, you'll find that
everything he or she does is wrong, but if you truly
love him or her, every wrong, every right, everything
within that person will make that person the most
beautiful, perfect person you've every seen and is the
only perfect person you'll ever see. If I had fell in
love with someone with the same problem as you, I
wouldn't care if he have breasts or he looks like a
girl, I'll love him for him, the person within the
person not the person on the out side."

"Ryoko-chan, that was so beautiful!" Akane said as
tears started to form in her eyes. "How in the world
did you know so much?"

"I've been through too much I guess." Ryoko said
quietly.

"Thank you, Ryoko. It helps, I guess." Ranma-chan said
finally smiling but then frowned again. "But would you
still be my friend after you found out about, this?
Don't you think I'm not manly? Don't you thing I'm a
pervert?"

"Of course I'll still be you friend Ranma!" Ryoko said
smiling, trying to cheer up her friend, "As for your
manliness well, to tell you the truth, other then the
body, there's not much difference between a boy and a
girl. Some girls could be two times as manly as some
men, Ranma. And also, manliness is not on the outside,
but on the inside. No matter how much of a man some
people looks on the outside, they may never be as
manly as some one who doesn't look like a man at all.
So I believe your manly. As for the pervert part,
well, I could only say one thing, your not a pervert
Ranma, just because you have a female body as well as
a male one, does not mean you're a pervert. It just
mean you could understand what does it mean to be a
boy and a girl and that makes you more understanding
of the two. If you accept it, that is."

"You think so?" Ranma-chan asked, in a better mod then
she ever felt in this form.

"I know so." Ryoko replied smiling, "But still, even
it might be a good thing to have that form, I could
still advice you to take a hot bath right now."

"Why?"

"Because we are going to be late for school if you
don't do it fast!" Ryoko yelled as she ran up stairs
to get her books and her other things in that room.

"She sure is one amazing girl, isn't she?" Akane said
as she looked at the running Ryoko, thinking,
‘Ryoko-chan seems to know so much, just what had she
gone though to make her so understanding in such a
young age!'

"Yeah." Ranma-chan replied as she watched Ryoko
running up stairs with her french braid bouncing up
and down. ‘Ryoko is so amazing, she's REALLY good at
fighting, traveled on the road most of her life, and
yet so smart, understanding, strong headed, stubborn,
tomboyish, beautiful all at the same time, I wonder
what she had gone through to make her the way she is
today. Sometimes I even wonder if she's even from
earth!' Suddenly Ranma-chan's thoughts were stopped as
Akane hit her on the side. "What was that for?!"
Ranma-chan yelled.

"Get a bath you fool!" Akane yelled, "Didn't you hear
what Ryoko-chan had said?!"

"Oh, right." Ranma-chan said as she hurried up to the
bathroom.

"Pervert. I would marry you too." Akane said quietly
as she smiled.

*****

Ranma, Ryoko, Akane, and Nabiki once again rushed out
of the house, Ryoko and Ranma on the fence and Akane
and Nabiki on the side walk running toward school,
reached the school gate, Kuno came, yelling out stupid
poems, before Ryoko, Akane and Ranma, all sent him
flying. They went inside, Nabiki went to her class
room and Akane, Ranma and Ryoko went to theirs and was
greeted by Ukyou. Every thing seemed to be normal to
everyone else, but the trio knows that they were gonna
have the shock of their life.

Soon lunch came, Ranma, Ryoko, Akane, and Ukyou,
walked outside to have their lunch and just as
expected, Akane tried to get Ranma to eat her food,
while Ukyou tried to convince Ranma to eat her food,
by telling him that her food is not poisonous. And
soon Akane was getting pissed because Ranma actually
considering of taking Ukyou's offer, before Ryoko
whispered something in his ear. Soon enough Shampoo
showed up, trying to make Ranma eat her food, because
it has love potion in it. And Kodachi followed, trying
to make Ranma eat her drugged food. Akane fumed, while
Ryoko backed against a tree and sweat dropping big
time as the heat of the battle began.

However, in the middle of the fight, Akane accidently
throw the bole that contain the love potion at Ranma's
face. Because Ranma's mouth was open, he accidently
shallowed some!

The fight stopped immediately as they all turned to
look at Ranma who was out cold, because the bole hit
him quit hard. They all looked each other then at
Ranma, waiting for him to wake up and see what is the
effect of the potion. Slowly Ranma started to awake,
everyone was too scared to make a sound, but Ryoko
broke the silence, by saying:

"Ranma, Are you alright?"

Ranma turned toward her voice, saw her worried face
and smiled a very soft smile of kindness and love,
that non of the girls that are his fiancee had seen
often. The one that seen this smile the most is
probably Akane.

However, Ryoko had seen this smile plenty of times
before, because Ranma had always used that smile at
her, she knew that he needed friend just as badly as
she needed one, and because of that friendship and
trust and just friendship and trust nothing else
between them, that made Ranma smile that way at her so
often. However, this time there seems to be something
more then friendship in that smile.

"Ryoko." Ranma said as he got up, waked in front of
her, looking in her eyes smiling, "I'm fine, you don't
have to worry."

"Are you sure Ranma?" Ryoko asked, worried, ‘why is he
looking at me like that?' she thought to herself.

"Ranma no feel weird?" asked Shampoo, she defiantly
don't want her love potion to work for someone else.

"No, not at all. I feel perfectly fine." Ranma
replied, taking a last look at Ryoko before looking
away, then as soon as he finished that he turned back
to Ryoko again, this time taking her hand in his.

Ryoko was a bit surprised by this and was about to
pull away, when Ranma pulled her along as he returned
to the classroom, with others close behind him.

*****

Finally school was over, the last half of the day have
turned into torture. Everyone of Ranma's fiancees have
been chasing after him everywhere he go, in class or
not. The teachers were getting annoyed with them too,
but could do nothing, knowing that they could beat the
heck out of them any day. Of course almost everywhere
Ranma went he always find a way to drag Ryoko with
him, and because of his attention toward Ryoko managed
to get everyone of his fiancees very jealous, only
Akane managed to cut Ryoko some slack. However,
Ranma's fiancees weren't the only ones that got
jealous, almost the whole boy populations in the
school were unhappy about Ranma's behavior toward
Ryoko, complaining about how Ranma is such a hog,
always chasing after the best looking girls. And once
that Reached the girl population, they got jealous
too, not at Ranma, but at Ryoko. Finally the school
was over, but the torture hasn't ended yet.

Ryoko mourned as she walked on the fence with Ranma
holding onto her left hand. It seems that where ever
Ranma drags her to he always manage to find a way to
hold her hand. And right behind them was Shampoo on
her bike holding her sword in one hand, preparing to
attack if Ryoko make a move on her fiancee and the
other holding onto the bike. On the sidewalk was
Ukyou, who is holding her spatula, Kodachi holding her
ribbon as she sat on her horse, Nabiki and Akane were
the only ones walking normally on the ground and don't
have no weapons to attack Ryoko or Ranma with.

Ryoko sweat dropped and laughed nervously when
everyone around them sweat dropped with doted eyes as
the group went pass them. The group remained in
tension, but that broke when Ranma had spoke and
shocked the whole group.

"Ryoko?" Ranma stopped walking and turned to her never
letting go of her hand. And as soon as he had stopped
the whole group stopped too.

"Yeah?" Ryoko replied and was surprised when he took
her other hand and pulled her closer. She winced as
she saw the ‘I'm gonna kill' look from Ranma's
fiancees.

"Ryoko, I wanna thank you for everything you have done
for me." Ranma said as he looked into her eyes, "I've
been with out a friend for too long, and you filled in
that gap in my heart with your friendship. I know that
your not one that trust people easy, and you probably
still don't trust me yet, but I do know you care
deeply for the ones that are close to you."

"It ain't nothin', Ranma. You needed a friend as badly
as I needed one, what brought this on?" Ryoko asked,
looking surprised.

"It's because I want to ask you this, Ryoko. Will you
go out with me this Saturday? As a kind of way of
thanking you." Ranma said looking at her kindly.

Ryoko almost fell of the fence when he had asked that.
A gigantic sweat drop formed on her head as she looked
around her, all of Ranma's fiancees' auras were
glowing. "Ha, ha, ha, Ranma we REALLY should talk
about this later, you know, as in not here?" Ryoko
said nervously.

"Oh, come on, Ryoko, it's just a friendly outing, as
friends." Ranma said in a pleading voice.

Ryoko looked at Akane, Akane nodded, "Of it's just a
friendly little outing, you should go with him Ryoko.
I don't mind, just be careful around that jerk."

"Well, alright then." Ryoko smiled a bit.

"NO!" yelled Kodachi, "No, you do not mean that you
would go out with this wicked wicked girl do you,
Ranma-sama?"

"Ranma not take stupid kitten-girl out on date! Ranma
take Shampoo out on date!" Shampoo screamed.

Ranma just give them the simple friendly smile that he
always give to Ryoko, and that surprised Shampoo, and
Kodachi. He had given that smile to Akane and Ukyou
before, but almost never to those two. "Shampoo,
Kodachi," he spoke softly to the two girls. "it's just
a little friendly outing, it's nothing really. I don't
need another fiancee, after all I've got the fiancees
other would dream about having. Ryoko is my friend."

The two girls nearly melted at Ranma's smile and sweet
words, so they did the only thing they could think of,
they agreed.

Ranma then turned to Ukyou, and smiled once again, in
the same soft tone of voice he said, "This is nothing
Ukchan, just a friendly outing, you don't need to be
upset. Besides, I like it when you smiles, you would
look even cuter. All of you looks cuter when you
smiles, so come on smile."

All the Ranma's fiancees broke into a smile at Ranma's
sweet words, while Ryoko looked at Ranma and smirked.
She walked closer to him and whispered to him, "Smooth
move, Ranma."

Ranma smiled a meaningful smile at her.

*****

In the Cat café:

"Great-grandma!" Shampoo came screaming in,
"Great-grandma, Ranma take some other girl on date!"

"Another girl? Do you mean Akane?" Cologne asked a bit
surprised, "I didn't think son-in-law could talk to
the girl without getting hit on the head."

"Not, not tomboy, Kitten-girl!" Shampoo replied.

"Kitten-girl?" Cologne asked, really confused.

"Ryoko, new girl who stays at Tendo home." Sampoo
answered, and she was going to tell her great-grandma
about what Ranma said to her, when Mousse came
bursting in.

"WHAT?! How dare Ranma do such thing to Miss Ryoko?!"
He screamed as he rushed out the door and right into a
wall. "Oh."

Shampoo and Cologne sweat dropped.

*****

Mean while, back at the Tendo's house Akane, Ryoko,
and Ranma were in Ranma's room, all three of them had
a smile on their faces as they planed the date for
Ranma and Ryoko. Akane was suggesting about how should
Ryoko put her hair, and what cloth should she wear.
Ranma was thinking about the place they were gonna go.
The three were talking and giggling to gether.

Just then a figure bursted through the roof, screaming
a death threat.

"RANMA PREPARE TO DIE!!"

Ranma looked towards Ryoko, and Ryoko looked back, at
the same time the shouted out the name of the
mysterious figure.

"Ryoga."

"Ranma how dare you betray Akane like this?!?!" Ryoga
screamed on the top of his lungs, he was about to
bring out his umbrella and attack Ranma, when he felt
a soft hand on his arm, stopping him. Ryoga turned his
head to face who just stopped him, then he saw. It was
a beautiful girl. The girl bast way to describe for
Ryoga is an angle. However, this just angered Ryoga
even more. He was about to attack Ranma again, when...

"No, Ryoga-kun, please don't." Ryoko spoke in a very
soft tone, with a sweet bagging face. She looked into
his eyes, and into his soul, knowing that this will
stop him.

Ryoga froze, he found him self looking back into the
girl's eyes in front of him. Her eyes were golden,
like the sun, yet somehow it doesn't scare him one
bit.

"Please come Ryoga-kun." Ryoko said as she took Ryoga
by the arm, and guided him out of the room, down the
stairs and towards the Dojo.

Ranma and Akane looked at Ryoko and Ryoga for a
moment, before deciding that Ryoko know what she was
doing. And continued on with their conversation.

*****

In the Tendo Dojo, Ryoko and Ryoga on the other hand
had another conversation.

"Ryoga-kun, my name is Ryoko." Ryoko started, "I'm
staying at the Tendo Dojo right now. I'm a friend of
Ranma's, and he told me all about you. It's nice to
meet you."

"Oh, what did Ranma say about me?" Ryoga's head was
filled with images of Ranma saying bad things about
him, filling this young's mind about the fact that he
was a monster or something.

"That doesn't matter right now, Ryoga-kun, why do you
say you hate Ranma?" Ryoko looked at him in the eyes
again.

Ryoga looked away from her, he was already having a
hard time with her standing so close to him, with out
her looking at him. "Because Ranma is dishonorable,
womanized pervert, never keeps his promises..."

"No, you know that's not true now, don't you
Ryoga-kun."

"What?" Ryoga was surprised at Ryoko's words, she just
cut him straight off, and refused all the factors that
he knew were true about Ranma. Ryoga knew he can't be
wrong, or can he?

"Ranma is not the dishonorable one, the perverted one,
or the one that doesn't keep promises, now, is he."
Ryoko's words were sharp and straight, they shot
through Ryoga's head like a thousand knifes.

"You are the one all along weren't you Ryoga-kun. You
say Ranma was the one dishonorable one, but you were
the one that DIDN'T showed up for that match, NOT
Ranma! Ranma was the one WAITED FOR YOU! He waited for
you FOR THREE DAYS!"

Ryoga took a step back.

"You say that he was the pervert, but he never wanted
any of his fiancees troubles. While, you were the one
that SLEPT with Akane as a PIG!"

Ryoga's face went blank.

"You say that Ranma never keeps his promises, but he
was the one that kept your secrete." Ryoko finished
softly, "You were just using Ranma as someone to
blaming, so you didn't have to face the truth, don't
have to feel the pain."

Ryoko put her hands gently and softy on Ryoga's
cheeks. Slowly, she pulled him down to face her,
"Ryoga-kun, I know how that feels, I really do. Hiding
from love is the same thing. Believing that someone
love you, and believing that they will love you once
on one is in your way. That's what you think of Akane
is it not? You believe that when Ranma is out of the
way Akane will love you."

Ryoga wanted to Ryoko to stop, he wanted to blame
Ranma for the pain that he was feeling now. Yet, he
knows that everything Ryoko just said was the truth,
Ranma was not the one to blame, he was. Ranma had
taken the blame for him because he didn't want to hurt
anyone, and that was why he seems to be in a lot of
trouble, and he was one of them.

Ryoga's eyes were gathered with tears, he knew this
probably have never done this in front of a woman
other than his mother before, but yet with Ryoko's
soft touch at the sides of his cheeks he felt that
Ryoko would understand.

Ryoko's eyes were also gathered with tears, the moment
Ranma told the story of many people here it reminded
her so much of herself she wanted to cry. Always
hiding from the truth, to keep yourself from hurting,
until one day, you finally break down, you can't no
longer keep it up, and all that pain just rush into
you.

When Ryoko was young she lost both of her parents, she
didn't know who killed them, but that was the first
step that started to destroy her soul. She was very
young and she has no idea what to do, but that did set
the first goal for her life, to revenge her parents.
By setting that as she goal made her hide all her
emotion so she wouldn't be hurt.

Her second goal, that destroyed another part of her
soul was Tenchi. When she felling love with him, she
had no idea how to express it, that destroy her
chance. And when she saw Tenchi and Sakuya kiss, it
shuddered her world.

That small kiss broke her soul into piece and also
brought her to face the truth she tried to hide from
so long.

There is almost no way she could revenge her parents,
since she doesn't remember anything from back then. To
revenge her parents was just an excuse to hide her
feelings.

And Tenchi didn't love her, she keep telling herself
that was not true, but she knew that she's gonna have
to face it sooner or later.

Ryoko looked into Ryoga's eyes and saw the pain, the
same pain she carried with her. ‘No. I won't allow
anyone here to suffer the same I have suffered. This
time the goal is real and I won't rest until it's
done.'

"Ryoga-kun, don't over do it, I too can't over do it.
I understand what you feel, I too felt the same many
times before. Ryoga-kun, I'll help you face the truth,
it's always hard, but we don't have to rush." Ryoko
looked in to Ryoga's tears filled eyes, her hands
still against his cheeks, supporting him.

Ryoga could feel his emotion bursting through, and he
doesn't mean that stupid look he has on when he saw
Akane, this was true emotion. Tears fell down his
cheeks as he grabbed on to Ryoko's wrist and pulled
her into his arms in one fast motion and cried.

Ryoko gaped a little as she was suddenly pull into an
embrace, but she soon understood, she gently put her
arms around Ryoga's neck, and let him cry against
herself. She couldn't help it, but soon she was also
crying.

*****

It was a while later, Ryoko and Ryoga had both calmed
down.

"Do you understand Ryoga?" Ryoko asked Ryoga, giving
him a smile.

"Yes." Ryoga answered, "I'll try my best."

Ryoko nodded her head, and the two came back into
Ranma's room.

*****

"Ryoko! Ryoga!" Ranma gaped in surprise as Ryoko came
in with Ryoga at her side, he thought that Ryoko might
have convinced him to leave, but it seems it isn't so.

"Ranma, I have a favor to ask of you." Ryoko's tone
was serious as she spoke, it almost made her sound
like a different person.

Ranma looked a bit surprise at Ryoko's tone of voice,
also at the fact that Ryoga was not attack him yet,
instead he was standing close to Ryoko's side. Somehow
that made Ranma felt strange feeling of anger at
Ryoga, and he somehow knew he had felt this before,
but he can't quite put his finger on it. However for
now, he pressed it down to listen to Ryoko.

"Sure what is it that you needed Ryoko?"

"Ranma I was wondering if we could let Ryoga stay
here." Ryoko answered.

"WHAT?!" Ranma screeched.

To be continued...

Ryomi: Hiya! Hiya!! ^_^ Gomen for the long delay!!!
I'll try to work faster now! Gomen, er... *sees a lot
of people with knifes and swords* I said I'm sorry!
AHHHHH!!!!!

Ryomi: Well, thanks to all that would take the time to
read my fanfics, but as long as you have read them,
E-MAIL ME PLEASE!!! PLEASE!!! *bursts into tears* T_T
WAAAA!!

Bunny: Ryomi-chan, your over doing it again... -_-!!

Ryomi: Bunny-oneesan! Well... maybe just a little...
but PLEASE E-MAIL ME! Thanks! ^_~V