Disclaimer- I do not own DBZ, Ryoko from Tenchi Muyo or the names Jin and
Xiayou from Tekken 3!

I thought that u might like 2 no that although I’m using the names Jin and
Xiayou, they’re not the Jin and Xiayou from Tekken 3! K? K. On with the
story that came from my twisted mind!

The Ryoko Saga

‘ Storytime inside a portal’

Goku screamed as he spun around in the portal, he turned around. Gohan
wasn’t far behind him and then behind Gohan was Android 18. 18 moved her
arms around as if she were swimming and she stopped spinning. Gohan looked
at her and did the same. Using some of the only brain cells Goku had left he
did the same. Gohan and 18 caught up to him.

Gohan- This spinning’s making me feel sick.
18- When we get out of this portal, you’ll BE sick.
Goku- Oh. But I don’t wanna be sick!
18- (whispers to Gohan) I feel sorry for you.
Gohan- Huh?
18- (sighs) Like father like son.
Goku- So, whats gonna happen when we get out of this spinny thing?
18- I don’t know. I’ve never been to Maligno’s dimension before.
Gohan- Anyway, how do you know that clone?
18- Xiayou? I detest that girl.
Goku- So how do you?
18- (sighs) Well, here’s the story…

Storytime!

18 walked down the halls of the gym. She was training a class of young
teenage girls to be fighers. Xiayou was one of them. 18 showed how to do a
karate chop properly without breaking your hand. The class followed her
example. To the class, 18 was a heroine. And to practically the whole world
in that dimension she was. She was a famous martial artist. Everyone knew
about her powers, but she didn’t mind. Anyway, this class was a beginner’s
martial arts class. 18’s award winning class for the better fighters wasn’t
on today. That was the class for the pupils who had been training with 18
for many years. 18 stepped up to the class.

18- Now, get into pairs class. It’s time to see how good you are.

The class got into pairs and waited for the next instruction.

18- Now turn to face your partner. Bow like this (18 showed the karate bow)
and attack as I’ve showed you since you started to come here.

Everyone attacked their partners. 18 walked around watching the fights. She
walked over to Xiayou and Nina. Nina was beating Xiayou up. 18 walked over
to them. Now Xiayou and Nina were the same age as 18 but they still treated
her as a teacher.

18- No Xiayou. Haven’t you been listening?
Xiayou- Yeah. But she (points to Nina) hasn’t. She’s been stealing my moves
so I gave up.

18 looked deep into Xiayou’s eyes. She was lieing. She just couldn’t fight.

18- Xiayou, it’s the big test of your skill next week. You must practice.
Remember, the ones that are the best in this class will get into the top
class. Work hard. Class dismissed!

Everyone went out of the room. Xiayou waited for 18. The two of them were
the best of friends.

Xiayou- What’s the deal with been rough on me 18?
18- Sorry. Gotta do what I gotta do.
Xiayou- Well I gotta go home. See ya!

Xiayou raced home and trained long and hard. The week passed and it was the
test. Everyone showed their moves individually and with a partner. Another
week passed.

18- I have here the results of who will be in the top class. Here are the
ones who will move up. Nina, Jessie, Kazami, Sakura, Yugi and…X
Xiayou- (holds breath)
18- Xya. That’s the ones who’ll move up. Congratulations!
Nina- Yes! Gimmie a high 5 everyone! (high five’s Yugi, Sakura, Jessie and
Xya)
Xiayou- But…but…
18- And here are the scores.
Nina: A+ or 95/100
Xya: A+ or 90/100
Yugi- A+ or 91/100
Kazami- A+ or 94/100
Jessie- A+ or 93/100
Bijoshi- A or 80/100
Mayna- B or 69/100
Zuna- B or 68/100
Onna- C or 48/100
Boka- B or 57/100
Michella- A or 85/100
Melfina- A or 89/100
Sazuka- A or 89/100
Osla- C or 45/100
And lastly Xiayou- X or 8/100

Xiayou- What!?
Class- (laughs)
Xiayou- This must be a mistake.
18- Fraid not. You may be my best friend but I’m afraid that fighting isn’t
your strong point.
Xiayou- NO! (runs to door) I’ll get you for this 18. You’ll pay for this
humiliation!

Xiayou walked through the door of her home. Humiliated she flung herself on
the couch. She closed her eyes but felt a draft. She opened her eyes and was
shocked to find a woman standing there.

Xiayou- Who are you?! What do you want?!
Stranger- Hush my child. My name is Lady Maligno. I can give you the revenge
that you crave. All you must do, is give me your soul.

Xiayou didn’t think. She was still frustrated. She screamed.

Xiayou- I will!
Lady Maligno- Excellent.

The two of them vanished. Later the next day, 18 was waiting for her pupils
to come when a portal opened up behind her and swallowed her up. Screaming
as she fell through the portal she kicked her legs. She landed outside a
cave, in another dimension. Xiayou appeared.

18- What’s going on here?!
Xiayou- You are about to live through a life bent on destruction. You won’t
be loved and adored anymore. You will be feared and hated!

Xiayou picked 18 up and threw her in the cave then she disappeared. 18 woke
up strapped to a machine where Dr Gyro was. He injected her with some kind
of fluid. Everything went black. When she woke, she had no joy left in her.
Only hatred for every living thing. She now had a twin brother. Now awake,
Gyro commanded them to do his bidding.

END STORY

18- That’s it.
Gohan- Wow! You were a big heroine in that dimension! Cool!
Goku- But how do you know all those things when you didn’t see some of them?
18- A sensible question from the most mentally challenged person ever to
walk the planet. I know them because I scanned Xiayou’s mind and memory. It
looks like we’re reaching our destination.

Gohan and Goku turned to look in front of them. There was a bright light
glowing.

18- Brace yourself for impact.
Gohan- Ok.
Goku- Er…
18- GET READY FOR WHEN WE LAND! KAME! I SWEAR THAT YOUR WORSE THAN MIHOSHI!

The light came closer. They went straight through it, with Goku screaming,
Gohan rubbing his eyes and 18 closing hers.

That’s another chapter! Short or what?! Ne-wayz, whats gonna happen on the
other side? We now know how 18 knows Xiayou but don’t forget the main
question of this entire series! WHO WILL RYOKO CHOOSE? Find out in the next
chapters of the Ryoko Saga! If ya wanna add me 2 ur msn messenger, send me
praise, flames or just wanna chat 2 a beautiful girl then e-mail me at
petaholic2001@hotmail.com