Disclaimer- Told ya already, we all know anyway that I don’t own DBZ or
Ryoko from Tenchi Muyo. But as for Vegeta, he’s mine!!! I don’t care what
you say! Mine! *is dragged away by the jury* ok well im about to be sued!

Enjoy the fic!

The Ryoko Saga

‘Vegeta’

Everyone reappeared in front of the others who were all watching T.V. They
all got up to welcome them back except for Krillen.

Krillen- Hey guys move will ya I’m watching T.V. Huh? Hey you’re back!

Krillen soon got up to congratulate them on defeating Maligno. 18 got off
Ryoko’s head and turned back to normal.

Piccolo- We didn’t defeat Maligno.
18- No, we didn’t.
Trunks- Father…
Ryoko- Vegeta sacrificed himself. He’s gone.
Bulma- You can just bring him back like you did before!
Ryoko- Before his body was still intact. Vegeta this time was like sand only
white, he just fell apart. It is impossible for me to bring him back. I…
(cries)
Hisui- It’s ok…sh…
Ryoko- I need to be alone.

Ryoko ran up the stairs and Hisui tried to follow but Gohan held her back.

Gohan- Don’t.
Hisui- Your right.
Bulma- I think everyone should go.
Gohan- Your right Bulma.

Everyone got up and waved goodbye. They flew their different ways silently,
each thinking about the same thing.

Piccolo- (thinks) Vegeta you idiot.
Tien- (thinks) I can’t believe it.
Yamcha- (thinks) That arrogant fool did something noble.
Gohan- (thinks) It’s difficult to believe.
Krillen- (thinks) It’s just…how could he manage to do this?
18- (thinks) Vegeta…
Chi-Chi- (thinks) He actually did something good.
Goku- (thinks) I wonder what Chi-Chi’s gonna make for dinner, I’m starving!

Ok, maybe not everyone. Well anyway, they were all thinking about Vegeta
(most of them) and his sacrifice. Bulma was laid on the couch watching T.V
trying not to think about it. Trunks was training in the G-Room trying not
to remember that the room he was training in was his father’s favourite
room. Hisui had gone with Gohan to his home. Ryoko was lying on her bed in
her main bedroom. Silent tears flowed down her cheeks. She had long since
lost her voice from bawling. She got up and teleported to Vegeta’s room. She
smiled as she realised how untidy he was. She laid down upon Vegeta’s bed,
still crying.

Ryoko- It’s not fair, it’s just NOT FAIR!!

Ryoko slammed her fist down on the desk and drawers to her right. She looked
down at the drawer, intending to close it. She then spotted a small green
box. She picked it up and looked closely at it. She sensed a small ki blast
was inside it. Obviously meant to shock any intruders away. This box…must be
personal for Vegeta to want to do something like that. She set the box down
upon the bed and created a ball of ki and shaped it into a key. She unlocked
the box and crossed her arms in front of her face as the blast flew out and
hit her arms. The blast would’ve hit her eyes if she hadn’t protected them.
She looked into the box and noticed a small book and a large space next to
it. There was a slight shine in that space and Ryoko figured that that
must’ve been where the necklace had been. She turned her attention back to
the book. She picked it up and, feeling a bit guilty, she opened it. She
turned to the first page and read out loud.

Ryoko- Vegeta, prince of Saiyans. Anyone who comes within ten feet of this
book shall be terminated!

Ryoko smiled. That sounded like Vegeta all right. She turned to the next
page, and the first page of the book of Vegeta.

OOOOOOOO!!! Ryoko’s looked in Vegeta’s diary! Naughty girl! Sorry this
chapter was a bit short, I’ll make the next one longer. Anyway if ya wanna
send me praise, flames, add me to your contact list, or just wanna chat 2
the weirdest teen ever then e-mail me at petaholic2001@hotmail.com