Disclaimer- I do not own anime or any of its programmes! I do not own Tenchi
or DBZ! But I can dream…

Ok! The eagerly awaited chapter 10! Sorry that it took me a while but I
haven’t had time with all my homework from my stupid school! Teachers do
this to torment me! TEACHERS ARE ALIENS FROM OUTER SPACE! NEVER TRUST THEM!
Ahem…on with the story.

The Ryoko Saga

‘War of Destiny’

Frieza- Get ready to die monkey!

Vegeta- Never!

Kagato- Your death will be most entertaining.

18- Back off slimeball!

They fought aggressively with one another as Gohan and Goku watched on. They
had to wait for their turn to battle. Goku held onto Gohan and teleported
himself and Gohan to the tubes. Ryoko was pounding on the wall and Hisui was
trying to get out of her restraints.

Frieza- (fires energy blast at Goku and Gohan while dodging an attack from
Vegeta)

Goku and Gohan- (dodges)

Kagato- ah ah ah (wags finger at them) they are never getting out. Shall I
teach you some manners? (hits 18 in the stomach and flies over to Goku) This
should be more interesting than fighting that piece of scrap metal.

Frieza- The boy has more power than this monkey. I’ll fight the boy. (energy
blasts Vegeta and goes after Gohan) This shall be entertaining.

Goku and Gohan fought the two villains while 18 regenerated herself, a new
technique from Ryoko. Vegeta didn’t have these abilities so he propped
himself against a wall and folded his arms across his wound while cursing.
Ryoko stared intently at Vegeta and decided to help him. She opened up
Vegeta’s mind.

Ryoko- (thinks) Vegeta?

Vegeta- (thinks) Woman?

Ryoko- I can heal you if you just listen to me.

Vegeta- Fine.

Ryoko- Repeat after me, Heal me great heal me strong heal me by the hour. I
will win I will defeat with a much stronger power.

Vegeta- Heal me great heal me strong heal me by the hour. I will win I will
defeat with a much stronger power.

Ryoko- Good. Now wait. Your stomach should be healing.

Vegeta- (looks down) Yeah.

Ryoko- If you ever need tactics, call to me in your mind. I will try and use
my remaining strength to help you.

Vegeta- Ryoko who

Ryoko- I still need time, I still need time. Your stomach should be healed.
Go help.

Vegeta- Fine. Bye. (stops talking to Ryoko and goes over to Frieza)

Ryoko- He better win.

Trunks- (thinks) Why am I just standing here with a wound? I must help! What
was father saying that weird poem for? It seemed to regenerate his stomach.
It may help me. (speaks) Heal me great heal me strong heal me by the hour. I
will win I will defeat with a much stronger power. (looks at his stomach, it
was regenerating) I guess it works! I’m coming guys! (flies over to the
battle but Vegeta holds onto his wrist) Hey!

Vegeta- Have you no brain boy? A sayain fights alone. They are in one on one
combat. We do not help yet.

Trunks- But-

18- I hate to agree with him but he’s right.

Vegeta- Since when do you know about Sayain fighting customs?!

18- I’ll have you know my royal pain in the arse that Ryoko told me some!

Vegeta- Ry…o…ko?

18- Yes deafy!

Trunks- Can you guys stop arguing! We can’t argue now!

Vegeta- We have nothing better to do! They are fighting so we can’t!

Trunks- (sighs)

18- You royal arse!

Vegeta- You tin-can!

Frieza- Allow me to learn you some manners. You have plenty of time to argue
in the afterlife. Presuming that scrap metal goes to heaven.

18- You piece of shit! I’ll kill you! (flies over)

Goku- No 18! We have to battle on our own!

18- I DON’T CARE! NOBODY INSULTS ME AND GETS AWAY WITH IT!!!

Vegeta- I guess with me you make an exception, trash can.

18- No, you’re just funny when you argue. Its entertaining.

Vegeta- Why you…

18- BUT I HATE IT WHEN AN ENEMY INSULTS ME!

Kagato- Get used to it.

18- THAT DOES IT! EVERYONE OUTTA MY WAY! (flies over to Frieza and hits him
square in the face) Ha!

Frieza- Don’t count on winning, trash heap.

Gohan- 18! Stop it!

18- YOU CAN FIGHT LATER! I’M FIGHTING THIS WASTE OF FLESH!

Gohan- (shrugs and flies over to Trunks)

Vegeta- This is so boring. Kakkarot has done enough. It’s time for someone
with true power to take control. (flies over)

Goku- Vegeta!

Vegeta- Get outta here Kakkarot. This is my fight.

Kagato- Oh, a new toy? This should be fun.

Vegeta- Laugh, it’ll be your last!!

Once again they are fighting and Ryoko is getting pretty stressed out.

Ryoko- Someone get me outta this f**k*ng tube!

Hisui- Get me outta here!

Washu- Calm down little Ryoko.

Ryoko- Calm down?! There’s a battle going on that they’re gonna die in and
I’m stuck in this mother f**k*ng tube and you expect me to calm down!

Washu- Little Ryoko…

Ryoko- We’re in the middle of a crisis and you want me to call you mom? Well
forget it! I’m too stressed!

Washu- Just tell me one thing

Ryoko- WHAT?!

Washu- Which guy do you like the most?

Ryoko and Hisui- MOM!

Washu- I knew that would get you to call the cutest scientific genius in the
universe your mom!

Ryoko- Should’ve seen that one coming.

Hisui- Yeah…

They refocused their attention on the battle and started cursing about the
tube again. 18 was doing pretty well until Frieza punched her in the face.
She cringed and turned into a lion. She pounced on Frieza but he targeted
her heart and shot a ki beam through it. She screamed and fell onto the
floor.

Ryoko- 18?

18- Goodbye Krillen, I love you. (struggles and then stops moving)

Ryoko- 18? No! Not you!

Washu- I’m sorry. She’s gone.

Ryoko- NO!!!!!! (cries) WHY!? WHY?! MY BEST FRIEND?! I NEED TO KILL THAT
MONSTER!!!!!!!

Washu- Ryoko I’ve already told you. These tubes are impossible to get out
of.

Frieza- (laughs evilly) Should’ve known that you’d never be a challenge.

Hisui- (cries)

Meanwhile, back at Capsule Corp…

Krillen- (gets a pain in his stomach) Huh? 18?

Bulma- What’s wrong?

Krillen- I’ve just got a bad feeling. I think something’s wrong with 18 in
fact I’m sure I heard her calling me.

Bulma- You’re getting paranoid. Don’t worry yourself.

Krillen- Yeah, you’re right (thinks) I hope…

Back to the battle…

Frieza- Now that I’ve disposed of the trash, I’ll move back onto the boy.

Gohan- 18…

Frieza- Do you not wish to fight?

Gohan- You…will…DIE! (turns super Sayain 2)

Frieza- About time I had a slight challenge. (flies over to Gohan and starts
battling him)

Kagato- I tire of this easy battle. (punches Vegeta) I wish to move on to
the other Sayain. (punches him again)

Vegeta- (collapses)

Kagato- (forms a ki ball) Here is your going away present…

Vegeta- I’m sorry Ryoko…

Kagato- (fires ki ball) Goodbye scum…(laughs evilly but stops after the
smoke has cleared) but…how?

Vegeta is still clutching his stomach but a forcefield is around him. Kagato
looks over to Ryoko whose face is scrunching in slight pain. Vegeta looks at
Ryoko and smiles slightly.

Vegeta- (thinks) Thanks…Ryoko

Ryoko- (thinks) No problem. Remember the poem?

Vegeta- Yes.

Ryoko- Recite it. I need to drop the force field. My body is wracked with
pain. Bye.

Vegeta- Bye.

The force field drops and Vegeta recites the poem that Ryoko taught him and
within seconds he is healed and is much stronger.

Vegeta- Ready for more?

Kagato- With or without a demi-goddess’s help, I will destroy you.

Vegeta- Tough talk for a guy whose ki level has dramatically dropped while
mine has increased. Prepare to die. (starts fighting again)

Once again the battle rages and Vegeta seems to be winning his. Gohan also
is doing well but is tiring slightly.

Frieza- Has the little brat had enough?

Gohan- Go to Hell Frieza!

Goku- You’d better not start talking like me Gohan! Chi-Chi would kill me!

Gohan- Sorry dad!

Frieza- Quit with the small talk and keep fighting weakling!

The battle went on with Trunks and Goku at the side lines. They all fought
excellently but suddenly a stray ki beam came away from the battle. It hit
Goku. It went straight through his chest and heart killing him in an
instant.

Gohan- Dad?

Vegeta- (grits teeth) NO! (turns super sayain 4!)

Trunks- Goku? No! (turns super sayain 4)

Gohan- DAD! THIS CAN’T HAPPEN! (turns super sayain 4)

They were all feasting off their anger. Vegeta was angry because he wanted
to kill Goku, Trunks was angry because Goku was his friend and Gohan was
angry for obvious reasons.

Kagato- Well, it seems that the monkeys want to play.

Frieza- Yes, and a fine playtime it will be too.

Vegeta- PREPARE TO DIE! (flies after Frieza)

Gohan- HOW DARE YOU! (flies after Kagato)

Trunks- YOU WILL BOTH DIE THIS DAY! (flies after both of them)

Kagato- This should be interesting.

Frieza- With our power increased by 999% they can’t stop us no matter how
powerful they get!

Kagato- Here, catch! (throws a bag to Frieza)

Frieza- (opens it) Fusion earrings. They should make this battle even
better. (puts them on)

Kagato- They will all die. (puts them on)

Frieza- Easy win.

Kagato and Frieza- FUSE JUMP!

The two of them fused together and turned into Karieza. He (or should I say
they) smirked evilly and headed for the very pissed off sayains. Vegeta
attacked straight away aiming for the heart but missed when a fist hit his
face almost knocking him unconscious. He scrunched his face and attacked
again. He was losing so Trunks came in. They both fought with tremendous
power but still Karieza was winning. Gohan then came in. Dodging three sets
of attacks, Karieza punched Vegeta in the face and energy blasted Trunks.
Gohan kicked Karieza and received a blow to the stomach. He cringed and was
punched in the face. They fought well, so well that the walls were starting
to disintergrate. The three super sayains prepared their greatest attacks.

Vegeta- Big Bang Attack!

Trunks- Solar flare!

Gohan- KAMEHAMEHA!!!

They all fired at the same time and directly on target. They put most of
their energy into their last attacks so they almost collapsed. They started
laughing until another more evil sounding laugh emerged from the smoke.

Karieza- You didn’t think that you’d actually defeated us. Weaklings. Look
at yourselves, you’re all worn out from an attack that was so pathetic. You
need to be disposed of. (readys an energy ball and aims it at Gohan) You
first boy. (fires it)

Gohan received the same fate as his father, an energy blast through the
chest and heart. He fell to the floor and his hair and eyes went back to
normal. He took one last breath before stopping completely. Trunks and
Vegeta looked at Gohan. Would they receive the same fate? Vegeta wouldn’t
allow that. He would live, he was the strongest. He felt his power rising
again. Strange, that wasn’t him. He looked to his son. Wasn’t him either. He
looked at Ryoko and noticed that she was almost into unconsciousness. She
had given her remaining strength to Vegeta.

Vegeta- (thinks) She really does like me best.(smirks and looks at Trunks
but smirk disappears when he notices that Trunks had some of Ryoko’s
strength too) Damn!

Karieza- Two left to destroy. Which one will die first…?

Vegeta- You will! (flies with great speed to Karieza and punches him).

Karieza- Damn that Ryoko!

Trunks- I’m coming father! (flies over to the two of them and battles)

Karieza was having great difficulty now thanks to Ryoko. He still was
winning but only just. He pounded Trunks into the floor causing great
damage. Trunks punched him in the face and kicked him in the stomach while
Vegeta kicked him from behind. He turned around and hit Vegeta and kicked
Trunks, putting Trunks into unconsciousness. He made an energy sword in his
hand and was about to decapitate Trunks when Vegeta stuck his energy sword
((really Ryoko’s) into his back. He got up and was pushed back down by
Vegeta. Vegeta was pissed off. Karieza kicked him in the balls and put an
energy sword through his back. Vegeta nearly screamed but didn’t, it was a
sign of weakness. Karieza then hit him over the head and received an energy
sword in the stomach. Karieza then targeted Trunks, sending an energy sword
through his chest.

Karieza- History repeats itself.

Vegeta- (looks at his dead son and screams) YOU WILL DIE!

Vegeta was now really angry and was fighting well. Ryoko was watching but
was slipping from consciousness.

Ryoko- Trunks, NO! NOT ANOTHER ONE! (struggles) AND WHATS WORSE IS THAT I
STILL CAN’T GET OUT OF THIS TUBE!

Washu- Calm down Ryoko.

Hisui- I can’t believe it. GOHAN! WHY’D YOU GO DO THAT! (struggles and
groans)

Ryoko- Vegeta, come on. I know you can do it.

Vegeta was still winning but only just as he beat the hell out of Karieza.
Karieza smirked and threw Vegeta across and onto the wall. He then used
several energy bounds to keep Vegeta in place. Vegeta screamed and tried to
get out but couldn’t. Karieza was just too strong. He yelled and broke the
wall. The energy bounds were still on his hands so he hit Karieza over the
head with them. Karieza then punched him in the stomach and Vegeta fell.
Karieza then created an energy sword and sent it straight through Vegeta’s
heart. Vegeta finally had to let out a scream and screamed as his heart gave
up on him. He breathed deeply.

Vegeta- I…I’m so sorry…Ryoko…I…tried.

He stopped breathing. Ryoko had heard every word that Vegeta said and cried.

Karieza- More difficult than I thought but still an easy win.

Ryoko cried and cried. Hisui did the same. They both thought and at the same
time screamed as pain went through their bodies along with a great surge of
power surpassing Washu’s. The glass of the tubes broke revealing two very
pissed off people. The glass around the tubes shattered and Ryoko and Hisui
merged together once again. Karieza turned around and saw Ryoko there, with
ten lighthawk wings and at super sayain 4.

Karieza- But…how!? Impossible! No-one can escape from those tubes!
Especially when split into two!

Ryoko- It isn’t impossible for me. Now, HERE I COME!

Ryoko flew over to Karieza and punched him with lightning speed. She energy
blasted him in the stomach, she hair needled him in the face, she grew to a
great size and stood on him, all without him moving. He was too shocked. He
was now seriously injured but snapped out of his trance and attacked Ryoko.
She blocked every punch and everyone that she blocked, she gave back with a
greater force. She put an energy sword through his back and dodged an energy
blast.

Ryoko- This serves you right for killing all of my friends and for you
abusing me Kagato when I had no idea of my origin!

Having said that she punched him in the stomach and her fist went right
through. He screamed and she created a huge energy blast. She threw it at
him and listened to his screams and watched his body disintergrate with
pleasure. His screams were deafening but Ryoko listened to them and smirked.
Once he was completely out of existence she stopped smiling and created
Hisui again. Hisui ran straight to Gohan and cried. Ryoko threw an energy
ball at the lever on the control pad and unlocked the goddesses. She caught
the ball and sent it back inside herself. She looked at the two bodies in
front of her, trunks and Vegeta. She openly started crying.

Washu- We can revive them Ryoko. You have the power inside you to do that
remember? You have surpassed your mother and aunts in power. Unbelievable.

Ryoko- I will revive them at Capsule Corp.

Tsunami- Thank you Ryoko, I must go. (disappears)

Tokimi- I thank you my niece. (disappears)

D3- (disappears)

Sasami- Can we go back now?

Washu- We need to.

Hisui- I will carry Gohan.

Ryoko- I will carry Vegeta, Trunks and 18.

Washu- Little Ryoko you can’t carry all of them by yourself.

Ryoko- YES I CAN!

Washu- Fine, I will take Goku. (picks him up) Hold on Sasami.

Sasami- (holds onto Washu)

Washu- (teleports back to Capsule Corp with Sasami and Goku)

Hisui- (holds Gohan and teleports too)

Ryoko- (holds Vegeta and makes the other two float) You will live. (sighs
and teleports)

Well there ya go! Sorry it took so long but as I said before, TEACHERS ARE
EVIL! Well, anywayz I’d better go so if ya wanna send me praise (^_^),
flames or just wanna chat to a beautiful lady then e-mail me at
petaholic2001@hotmail.com