Disclaimer : Dear Readers I’m here to tell you that I do NOT these
characters, Ranma 1/2 was created by Rumiko Takeuchi and brought to us
by Viz Communications. Tenchi Muyo was created by and Masaki Kajishima,
and was brought to us by Pioneer LDC and AIC. So, please don’t sue me! I
don’t have any money! Now you may read the fanfic.



Ryoko in Nerima

1. An Upside Down World

It was lunch time at the Masaki family, and no one has seen Ryoko
anywhere. Sasami asked Tenchi to look for her, he looked by the river,
on the roof, in the shrine, but he could not find her anywhere. Then he
remembered the one place he forgot to look, in her room. He walked in
there, but he can’t find her anywhere. Then he found a letter written by
Ryoko that shocked him.

Dear Tenchi:

I’m sorry, I must leave. I don’t know why, I’ve always thought I was
strong and I could take on anything, but it sees that I can’t. You know
when I said it was an adult woman’s job to forgive a man, then I said it
was a lie and I can’t forgive you unless you kiss me? I sorry, at first
I though to let the past be the past, but I just can’t seem get the
picture of you and Sakuya kissing out of my mind. I know you loved her
and I can’t take her place, so, I’m leaving. Please don’t be mad at
yourself. It was my fault. I don’t know why, I just know it is.
Good-bye, Tenchi, I’ll miss you and I’ll never forget you, I promise.

With love,

Ryoko

"Ryoko..." Tenchi said motionlessly as he stared blankly at the letter,
and he walked out of the room and walked down stairs and into the living
room. Everyone was already eating, but stopped as soon as Tenchi walked
down.

"Did you find Ryoko, Tenchi?" asked Sasami.

Tenchi simply handed her the paper and sat down on the sofa staring out
the window.

Sasami read the letter out loud to everyone, and when she finished,
everyone was shocked.

*****

"Oh, Tenchi!" Ryoko sodded as she runs in some woods in Nerima. However
she didn’t know how long she was running, so, she didn’t know where she
was at the moment. Suddenly, she came to a stop as she ran into someone,
and she fell to the ground.

"Are you all right?" asked the boy she ran in to as he helped her up. He
had black hair, it was tied into a pigtail and he was wearing a red
Chinese shirt and black pants to go with it, he doesn’t look all that
bad really.

"I’m fine." She said quietly, "Thank you."

"Are you sure? You don’t look to hot." The boy said worriedly.

Ryoko wanted to say she was fine, but she was so tired that she was
beginning to get dizzy and her legs went out under her. However, the boy
caught her just in time.

"Hey, don’t you faint on me!" said the boy worriedly, "Hold on, I’ll
take you back to my home, and I’ll get a doctor to take a look at you."

Ryoko nodded dizzily, she was seeing blue dots now, she don’t think she
could hang on any longer. The boy picked her up and started to jump from
roof to roof, Ryoko tried her best not to lose consciousness, but she
was losing the battle. Finally she can’t take it anymore and she lost
complete consciousness.

*****

Ranma noticed the girl in his arms just went completely limp, he was
beginning to get really worried. He stopped at the roof at of Dr. Tofu
and started to kick the door.

"Ranma, what’s wrong?" asked Dr. Tofu as he opened the door, but he
stopped as soon as he saw the unconscious Ryoko lying in Ranma’s arms.
"What happened to her?" he asked as Ranma set Ryoko on a bed.

"I was running, when all of a sudden I ran into her. Is she going to be
OK?" said Ranma as he explained to Dr. Tofu.

Dr. Tofu took a look at Ryoko and said, "Don’t worry Ranma you didn’t do
much to her, she just over worked herself that’s all. She just needs
some rest."

Just then Ryoko was starting to come around, she slowly opened her eyes
and saw the boy she ran in to and another man standing beside her. "What
happened?" she asked weakly.

"You fainted, and I took you to Dr. Tofu to check on you." Answered
Ranma, "Are you feeling any better?"

"Yeah, Thank you." Said Ryoko softly.

"Ranma, why don’t you take her to your house for now, then take her back
to her house when she feels better?" said Dr. Tofu.

"Good idea!" said Ranma smiling, "Is that OK with you?" he asked Ryoko.

"Sure, thank you very much." Said Ryoko smiling also, "Oh, I almost
forgot my name is Ryoko what’s your name?

"My name is Ranma, and this is Dr. Tofu." Answered Ranma as he picked
Ryoko up once more. "Come on let’s go. Bye Dr. Tofu!"

"Bye Ranma! Bye Ryoko!" replied Dr. Tofu.

"Bye!" yelled Ryoko as she was carried off by Ranma, and they were
jumping from roof to roof once again.

*****

Soon Ranma and Ryoko reached the Tendo’s house. Ranma carried Ryoko into
his room by jumping in from his window. He set her down onto his bed,
and made sure she was all right.

"Are you feeling now? Where do you live?" Ranma asked with concern.

"I don’t have a home. After my parents died, I had no place to call home
anymore. I travel all over the world in ordler to live." Answered Ryoko,
it was not a lie, she really don’t have a home of her own, after all
after her parents died, she has no place to call home anymore.

"Both your parents died?" Ranma asked as Ryoko nodded sadly, "Oh, I’m so
sorry, I didn’t know. You know I had to travel all over the world too .
. . " Ranma began to tell Ryoko all about his life, his curse and all
the people in his life now. Ryoko was beginning to feel very sorry for
Ranma, she tried her best to calm him down when his emotion was
beginning to take over and he broke down into tears. Ryoko calmed him
down by telling him that everything was going to be OK, and she even
mange to make him smile. They became friends just in minutes. After
Ranma finished his story, he was feeling better then he had for years,
‘Man, it feels so good to tell someone about my life!’ he thought as he
looked at Ryoko, ‘She so understanding, no one in my life ever made me
feel so happy. What can I do to thank her?’

"Ranma, you can’t really say that it’s not the girls’ fault to be mad, I
mean I’m sorry you would be mad if the person you like have many other
lovers. I know it’s not your fault that you have a lot of girls chasing
after you, but telling them their uncute is not going to help you. Maybe
you should try to tell them how you really feel." Ryoko said as she
gives him a soft smile.

Ranma slowly nodded and said, "Maybe your right, I guess I could give it
a try." ‘She has a cute smile. Hey, I know! She don’t have a home right?
Then why don’t I ask her to stay with us!’ he smiled at the though,
after all not often he gets a friend like her. "Hey, Ryoko! I have an
idea, why don’t you stay with us?"

"Really?" asked Ryoko, "Won’t the Tendo family mind?"

"Well, I’ll ask them, if they won’t you let you, then you can stay in my
room. I can take care you. I’m sure."

"Ranma . . . " Ryoko was taken back by the boy’s forwardness, "Don’t you
think that’ll be too much trouble for you?"

"No, not at all! Come on, let’s go and ask!" said Ranma as he grabbed
Ryoko’s hands and pulls her out of the room and ran down into the living
room.

As soon as they got there, Akane came up to Ranma was about to say
something when she notices Ryoko standing beside Ranma.

"WHO IS SHE RANMA!?" Akane screamed unhappily, brought out her hammer
about to bring the hammer down on Ranma.

"Wait, Akane!" Ranma screamed, trying to calm her down.

"Don’t you ‘wait Akane’ me!" screamed Akane as she tries to hit Ranma,
"Tell me who she is!"

"Look out Ryoko!" screamed Ranma, as he pulls Ryoko out of the way.

"So, you even know her name! Die Ranma!" Akane screamed as she continues
trying to hit Ranma, and Ranma running away from it while trying to make
sure Ryoko was safe from Akane’s hammer.

At the same time, Ryoko can’t take it anymore, this reminds her so much
of the same thing that happened to her with Tenchi. It was all too much,
she just has to stop this, so she screamed, "Stop it! Stop this now!"

Both Akane and Ranma stop at their track as they heard Ryoko and looked
at her, "Please stop this I beg you, doing this is only going to hurt
the one you care about. I’m not another on of Ranma’s lovers, the reason
I was with him is because I got sick and he took me to a doctor. I’m
sorry to have troubled you all. I’ll leave right now, I sorry." Ryoko
sodded the words out before she tried to run out of the Tendo’s house,
but as soon as she started Ranma ran after her and grabbed her hand to
stop her. Ryoko stopped and turned to look at Ranma.

"I’m sorry Ryoko, but please don’t go. I need a friend like you." Ranma
begged sadly. Ryoko looked into Ranma’s eyes, tears were rolling down
her cheeks, no one has ever been so kind to her before. "Come on, don’t
cry, I’m really sorry, OK?" Ranma said as he tried to calm Ryoko down.

"Ranma . . . " Akane looked at Ranma sadly before running into the dojo,
crying.

"Akane wait!" Ranma was about to run after her before Ryoko stopped him.

"Ranma, this was my fault, I’ll fix it. Don’t worry I’ll calm her down."
Ryoko said softly before running into the dojo also.

*****

Inside the dojo, Akane was crying as she punched the walls. "Why?!" she
cried, "Why Ranma? If you fell in love with Shampoo, Kodachi or Ukyou, I
could take care of that (By killing you), but you fell in love with a
girl I don’t even know. Why her? Why not me?"

"Your wrong Akane-san, he’s not in love with me." Akane heard a voice
from the door and she turned and saw Ryoko stand there looking at her,
smiling softly. "No one can fall in love right after meeting the person.
Ranma and I are just friends and that’s all, really." She said as she
walked over to Akane.

"Really?" Asked Akane looking at Ryoko unsurely, "He seems to care for
you a lot."

"Well, that’s because we are good friends." Ryoko slowly explained how
she and Ranma met and how Ranma invited her to stay with him, but she
didn’t tell Akane about Ranma telling her about his life. After Ryoko
explained to Akane, mange to calm her down and became friends with her.
After a while Akane asked Ryoko to spar with her and Ryoko gladly
accepted the change.

"You ready?" asked Akane in her fighting stance.

"Yep!" answered Ryoko surely not in any stance at all, just standing
there.

Akane punched forward, Ryoko bended backwards to dodge. Akane quickly
followed with a round-horse kick, which Ryoko leaped over to avoid. The
match continued on with no connected blow. Akane was getting
increasingly frustrated. ‘Damn! This is impossible. She’s as good as
Ranma, maybe even better.’ "Kiyaa!" Akane screamed as she leaped forward
with all her speed to punch Ryoko, but Ryoko just jumped up and tripped
Akane. Akane slowly got back to her feet and said, "Wow, you are good!"

"Sorry, did that hurt you?" asked Ryoko concerned.

"No, not at all Ryoko-chan, I’m fine. Come on let’s go take a bath. I’m
tired." Akane said as she and Ryoko went out of the dojo and into the
bath room.

*****

After Ryoko and Akane are done, they walked out of the bathroom and went
into Akane’s room, Akane went into one of her dresses. As for Ryoko she
transformed into a white T-shirt and a pair of Jeans.

"Ryoko-chan," Akane looked at Ryoko, "Why don’t you stay in my room?"

"Really?" Ryoko asked, "Are you sure?"

"Yeah!" Akane said, "It’ll be so much fun, I’m sure we’ll get along
fine."

"OK!" said Ryoko happily as they got out of the room and began to walk
down into the living room.

*****

Down in the living room, Ranma was glad to see both girls coming down,
and smiling too.

"Akane, Ryoko, are you two OK?" asked Ranma, concerned.

"Don’t worry Ranma." Said Akane smiling, "Ryoko-chan explained
everything to me, and now we are friends. I’ve also invited Ryoko-chan
to stay in my room, I’m sure Ryoko and I’ll get along just fine."

"Thanks Akane! Maybe now we should ask our fathers now, and Ryoko don’t
worry I’ll make sure you don’t end up traveling the world all alone
again." Ranma smiled at Ryoko and whispered in her ear, "I don’t believe
it, you calm Akane down! Your amazing!"

Ryoko giggled as the three walked off to talk to the fathers of Ranma
and Akane.

*****

Mean while back in the Tenchi family, everyone was getting depressed.
Tenchi refuses to talk to anyone. He just sat here looking at the letter
Ryoko left him. Sasami is no longer her cheery self. She just sat there
looking sadly out the window. Aeyka, Washu, Kiyone, Mihoshi and just sat
here quietly.

‘Ryoko.’ Tenchi thought as he read the letter once again, ‘Why didn’t I
notice? The last sever days you were so quite, you didn’t even fight
with Aeyka as much. Why did I stop this? I’m sorry, Ryoko. I’m sorry.

*****

Mean while, in the Tendo house hold:

"WAAAAAAAAAAAAA! My sun-in-law is cheating on my daughter!" screamed
Soun as soon as Ranma told him about the idea of Ryoko staying with
them. "How could you betray my daughter?!"

"Mr. Tendo, there is nothing between me and Ranma, honest!" Ryoko tried
her best to calm the crying man, but nothing seems to be working.
"Please Mr. Tendo, I’m telling you the truth!"

Genma was also yelling at the three, "Miss Ryoko! I really don’t
remember you, so I must tell you now to leave my son in peace at once!
Or I will be forced to fight you!"

"RRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!" Ryoko was really mad. They were not listening to her
at all! "Shut up! Listen you stupid people! There is NOTHING between me
and Ranma! Understand?! Nothing!" She was screaming at the top of her
lungs.

"Nothing at all?" Soun asked scared.

"Yes!" yelled Ranma, "Weren’t you listening?"

"Well then, your welcome to stay with my family." Answered Soun.

"Alright!" yelled Ranma happily as he looked at Ryoko.

"Come on, Ryoko-chan! You can put your things in my room!"

"I don’t have any thing with me. I sold all my belonging when I started
to travel the world." Said Ryoko quietly, it’s not at all a lie. She
never did have a pleasant childhood, she lost her parents at a young
age, she has no home and she don’t even know her last name. Plus, she
can transform anything she want. So, she really didn’t need to carry
anything with her.

"Oh, I’m sorry." Said Akane sadly, "Hey, I have another bed somewhere in
my house, you can sleep in that and you can wear some of my dresses.
That’ll take of that problem."

"Yeah, that’ll be great! Don’t you think Ryoko?" asked Ranma with a big
smile on his face.

Now that the Ryoko problems were solved, it’s time for lunch. Kasumi
made them a wonderful dinner for all of them, and after they were done
Ranma and Genma were fighting over the last piece of food again. After
five minutes passed they were still fighting, Ryoko finally decided to
help them. *Slash! * When the food was at mid air, she slashed it into
two pieces, one of the pieces fell into Ranma’s plate and the other in
Genma’s.

"Wow!" Ranma looked at Ryoko, "You know martial arts?"

"Yep!" Ryoko smiled, thinking. ‘Not only do I know martial arts, I have
some lots of powers too.’

"Ryoko-chan’s martial arts were great!" Akane said, "She may even be
better then you are!"

"Yeah right!" Ranma said, "No one can beat me!"

"Why don’t we have a match then?" Ryoko said, wanting to bring Ranma
down from his ‘I’m the man!’ mood.

"I don’t fight girls." Said Ranma not looking at Ryoko. ‘Please don’t be
mad.’ he thought to himself.

"Are you afeard that you might lose?" asked Ryoko slyly.

"Afeard?!" Ranma yelled, "Never! Alright, you’re on!"

Ranma and Ryoko started to walk toward the dojo, while the family
followed. Soon they reached the dojo, Ranma stood in his fighting
stance, but Ryoko just stood there. The family sat there waiting for
them to begin.

"You can attack first." Said Ryoko smirking.

"Pretty sure of yourself aren’t you?" Ranma also smirking, thinking, "I
don’t really want to hurt her, I’ll just trip her and end the fight."

Ranma used his leg trying to kick her knees out from under her, but
Ryoko jumped and skipped away from the leg. Ranma tried a jump kick, but
didn’t work, Ryoko jumped out of the way again and still keeping the
smirk on her face. Soon Ranma really started to get into the fight, he
tried every trick he got to beat her but nothing worked. Ranma thought
to himself, ‘Impossible, she can’t be that good! I can’t even touch her!
Only one other way to win this, I hope this don’t hurt her!’ with all
the energy in his body he formed the biggest ‘chi’ blast he has ever
made, and fired it toward Ryoko. Ryoko was shocked at this, she screamed
as she held up her force shield to stop the blast.

As Ranma heard the Ryoko’s scream, he though he really had hurt her.
"Ryoko!" Ranma screamed in concern, as he ran over to her as fast as he
can. Ryoko, however was fine but she couldn’t see a thing with all the
dust made by Ranma’s ‘chi’ blast and she tripped on a piece of rock
behind her. Ryoko began to scream as she fell toward the ground, just
then Ranma had reached her and caught her. He set her on the ground
gently, smiled, then fainted.

Ryoko was shocked to see Ranma came this far just to make sure that she
was safe, but before she could inform him that she was fine, he fainted.
"Ranma!" she screamed, as she caught him before he could hit the ground.

"Ryoko-chan? Ryoko-chan, what happened?" it was Akane’s voice, she ran
toward Ryoko as soon as she heard her screamed, she also though Ranma
had hurt her, but as soon as she reached her, she could see that she was
fine, because Ryoko was carrying Ranma on her back. "What happened to
him?" Akane asked looking worriedly at Ranma.

"Don’t worry. He’s fine." Ryoko keep walking toward the house, "He just
over worked his body, that’s all. He’ll be fine as soon as he had a good
rest." As soon as Ryoko finished her sentence, she jumped up into
Ranma’s Room, from his window

Akane and the other member of the family did the same, using the door of
course.

*****

Ranma slowly opened his eye and looked around him, it was 3:00 a.m.
‘What happened?’ he thought to himself, then suddenly a rush of memory
came to him, ‘Ryoko had beaten me. I’ve been beaten by a girl.’ He
thought sadly, suddenly some another things came to mind, ‘How did I get
into my room? Was Ryoko OK?’ Ranma looked around the room he saw his
father was sleeping beside him and Akane was also, it seems that she had
fallen asleep taking care of him. Ranma smiled softly at Akane’s
sleeping face, then suddenly he heard his door opened and Ryoko walked
in. He closed his eyes as fast as he could, he don’t know why but he
just did.

Ryoko looked at Ranma’s sleeping face and smiled. She quietly put down
the bowl of hot water she was carrying, and submerges a towel in the
water, wrings it out, slowly put it on Ranma’s head.

"Well, Akane finally fell asleep, I guess it’s just me that’s awake."
Ryoko said quietly, "Ranma, you know that Akane had stayed up taken care
you till thirdly minutes ago. You know, you are pretty heavy." Ryoko
giggled at the last statement.

‘So, Ryoko was the one that took me up here,’ Ranma though his eyes
still closed, ‘and she probable stayed up all this time too. Wait,
didn’t she get hurt by my attack? She should be getting some rest!’

"Boy, I’m tried." Ryoko said put a blanket on Akane and moved her in a
more comfortable position. After she’s done that, Ranma decided it was
time to let her know that he was awake. He slowly opened his eyes and
said tiredly, "Ryoko?"

"Ranma, you’re awake." Ryoko smiled at him as she sat down beside him,
"That’s good, I was beginning to get worried."

"Ryoko," Ranma looked at her and sitting up, "I’m sorry about the chi
blast. Are you hurt badly?"

"Ranma," Ryoko looked at him, "I’m not hurt at all. I’ve beat much
harder changers, believe me! You just worried about yourself." She stood
up, and began to walk off. "Well, now that you’re awake, I can finally
get soon sleep. Goodnight Ranma."

"Ryoko?" Ranma yelled quietly to her, and Ryoko turned to him, "Thanks."

"Don’t worry about it." Ryoko smiled at him, walked out of Ranma’s room
and was about to go to Akane’s room, when she noticed Ranma was
following her. "What’s wrong?" she asked.

"Ryoko, I forgot to inform you that we are going to school tomorrow and
I think I should give you the warning that Shampoo, Ukyou, Kuno,
Kodachi, Musses and Ryoga will probably show up. You’ll never know."
Ranma said smiling.

"Oh, like they can do anything to me." Ryoko smiled slyly back at Ranma.

"Don’t be so sure of yourself." Ranma said also smiling slyly, "Too much
confidence is not good for you."

"Ha!" Ryoko laughed, "Like you can ever beat me!"

"You bet I can!" Ranma said with confidence, moving very fast he jumped
on Ryoko and pushed her against the wall, "What do you think of that?"

"You know. I could get out of this really fast!" Ryoko said, still
pinned against the wall.

"Oh, your two are in big trouble!" both of them turned to the voice, it
was Nabiki and in her hand she held a picture she just took-Ranma pinned
Ryoko to the wall, both smirking, and they looked like as if they were
about to kiss. With the moon light shining through the window behind
them, it seems they were looking at each other with great passion, like
two lovers who were about to share a tender moment. Both of them started
to blush, because they notice how they looked in the picture. "So, how
about it? Both of you pay me 50,000 Yan or should I go get Akane to take
a look at this picture and she’ll kill you both?"

"Nabiki! How could you be so cold? Don’t you have really feelings? Don’t
you ever feel bad when everyone is either mad at you or hate you?
Nabiki, you know I don’t have that much money! Why are you so
unreasonable?" Ryoko said as she looked sadly at Nabiki.

"No one hates me." Nabiki said in a very cold voice.

‘Uh oh!" Ranma thought, ‘You personality’s a little to open some times,
Ryoko!"

"Nabiki, look at me. When you black mail people, it may see fun for you,
but did you every thought about what does the person your black mailing
thinks? Every thought about how you would you feel if you were the one
being black mailed? Every think about how you would feel if you were
treated so coldly?" Ryoko said calmly at Nabiki.

"I...I, you . . . " No one had done that to Nabiki before, she was
shocked, and everything Ryoko said was true! She had been so cold to
everyone, and there are many that hated her. She acts as if it was
nothing, but she know she feel pain inside. "You’re right." Nabiki said
quietly, "I have been a jerk. However I can’t stop my self from
blackmailing people, if I don’t we won’t have any money to live on!"

"Tried to get a job, Nabiki." Ryoko said with a smile, "Just a small
part time job, and maybe you should get your father to get a job too.
It’s just so sad to see the old man, sit there doing nothing all day,
and maybe Ranma’s father too. Nabiki, I really want people to like me,
not hate me. I truly want be your friend, but I won’t like it if you
blackmail me."

"I’m sorry Ryoko," said Nabiki also smiling, "but for now I just have to
keep on doing what I’m doing, after all Nerima won’t be Nerima without
the famous Nabiki! Plus it’s for my family, and somehow it’s become my
hobby. However, I guess I can make an exception for you. You know, no
one ever had the guts say things like that to me before, your very brave
Ryoko. As for why I’m going to make an exception for you, I don’t know,
but I guess I’ve got a good feeling about you."

Nabiki smiled at Ryoko before leaving for her room, but then she turned
and handed Ryoko the picture, then begin walking away again. Ryoko
smiled softly as she looked at the picture, while Ranma was in total
shock.

"Are you Ok?" asked Ryoko as she looked at the shocked Ranma.

"Wow!" Ranma gaped, "amazing! You got Nabiki-The ice Queen to let you
off the hook!"

"Come on." Said Ryoko as she smiled. "She’s not that bad. Well, come on
we need to go to bed. Good night Ranma!" Ryoko started to walk toward
Akane’s room.

‘She’s cute.’ Ranma thought to himself as he walked back to his room.

*****

In the next morning in the Tenchi family everyone seems to be depressed,
everyone missed Ryoko, also they are all worried. Tenchi sees to be the
most depressed, he hasn’t smiled since Ryoko ran away. Sasami is the
second most depressed. She really liked Ryoko. Sasami said she won’t
smile till Ryoko’s back. Aeyka is the third most depressed, though she
never told anyone, she really considered Ryoko as a friend, also Tenchi
won’t talk to her ever since Ryoko left. As for the others they are also
depressed in one way or another. Now everyone’s eating breakfast very
quietly, till Tenchi broke the silence.

"I’m leaving." Tenchi said quietly.

"What?!" Aeyka screamed, "Load Tenchi! Have you gone mad? Even if you
miss Miss Ryoko, you still can’t leave us!"

"Aeyka," Tenchi said with a sad smile, "I’m not going to leave you all.
I have been transferred to another school in Nerima. Grandpa said told
me Nerima is famous for all the martial artists that lives there. He
said I need to improve my martial arts. He already set me up with a
school there. Don’t worry I’ll come back to visit you all as much as I
can, I promise."

"Tenchi, then how will we make Ryoko stay if she comes back?" asked
Sasami, "I’m sure she’ll feel that you left her and she’ll leave again."

"Good point Sasami." Said Tenchi as he took out a piece of paper,
"Sasami, this is my phone number in my room in Nerima, I want you to
look after it while I’m gone. If anything happened I want you to call me
and if Ryoko comes back I want you to call me as fast as you can, OK?"

"Sure, Tenchi, but when are you leaving?" asked Sasami with a little
smile.

"Today." Tenchi looked aside, "I already have all my things packed. I’m
sorry I was not able to tell you guys sooner, but I did want to make you
people worry. Please make sure you call me fast as you can if Ryoko
comes back. Well. I better be leaving for my train to Nerima." Tenchi
stood up and started to get his bags.

The rest of the family walked him out of the door and said sad good byes
and watched sadly as he left.

Tenchi went on the train, and left for Nerima.

*****

While in the Tendo’s house, it was another normal morning, Ranma
fighting his father, while the rest of the family is eating breakfast,
the only difference in that. Akane was helping Ryoko with her school
uniform, and proper clothing.

"Really now!" Akane said angrily, "How can this be possible?! Not one of
my bras fit you! How old are you Ryoko-chan?"

"Seventeen." answered Ryoko.

"I’m eighteen, I’m one year older than you but you’ve got a better
figure than me that’s not fair!" said Akane, jokingly. "Now what? I
can’t seem to find a bra that fit you."

Just as Akane’s not looking Ryoko transformed into a bar that fits her
and said, "Oh, I almost forgot, I got one of my own, you don’t have to
worry Akane."

Akane looked at Ryoko and smiled, "OK, now why don’t you change into
these clothing. I’ll be waiting for you downstairs." Akane handed Ryoko
the uniforms before walking out of the room.

Ryoko transformed into the clothing fast, the uniform looks nice on her.
The sky blue dress made her look wonderful. Suddenly some thing caught
her eyes, the gem Tenchi given to her(In Shin Tenchi Muyo). ‘Oh, Tenchi
. . . ’ she thought as tears started to form in her eyes, suddenly she
remembers the waiting Akane, she controlled herself and fixed her
clothing, and got up. Then suddenly she remembered the golden necklace
her mother had given her before she died(This is based on the TV series,
I think in the TV series Ryoko’s mother and father died at a young
age.). She thought about it and slowly put in on her nick. She turned to
look in the mirror, she looked beautiful, the golden necklace brings out
the color of her eyes, the sky blue dress brings out her beautifully
French braided sky blue hair. Akane thought that she would look good in
a French braid, so she braided it for her and tied it with a red bow.
And the beautiful gem bracelet on her wrist that Tenchi had given to her
finished the touch. She looked radiant, but only thing on her mind right
now was Tenchi. Tears slowly rolled down her cheeks, but she brushes
them away fast, and walked out of the door.

As soon as she reached downstairs, everyone gasped.

"Wow!" Ranma gaped, "You look beautiful!" everyone else just nodded.

"You look wonderful!" Kasumi smiled at Ryoko.

"Thank you!" Ryoko smiled happily, but she can’t stop thinking about
Tenchi. She sat down and joined the family to eat breakfast. After
everyone finished eating Ryoko, Ranma, Akane and Nabiki ran out of the
door and run for school.

Ryoko followed Ranma on the fence, while Akane and Nabiki walked on the
ground beside them. Ryoko and the others were walking peacefully, until
a purple haired girl riding a bicycle on a fence came in a fast speed
screaming, "Nihao, Ranma!" and hugged Ranma. Both of them fell of the
fence, while Ryoko jumped away from getting pushed of, then she jumped
onto the ground. Just then, the purple haired girl noticed Ryoko.

"Who you? Why you with Shampoo’s Ranma?" Shampoo asked looked at Ryoko
as if about to kill. "You another fiancee of Ranma? You better looking
then pervert-girl, but if you want take Ranma, Shampoo kill!"

"Hey! Who are you to call me a pervert?!" Akane snapped.

"Shampoo no taking to you now, Akane. Shampoo taking to that girl!"
Shampoo said as she pointed at Ryoko.

"My name is Ryoko, and no, I’m not Ranma’s fiancee! So, don’t mind me!
Ha, ha, ha!" Ryoko said as she laughed nervously.

"OK then." Shampoo said as she turns to Ranma again.

At the time Akane was getting really pissed, "Ranma!" she hissed, "what
are you doing?!"

"Wait Akane, let me explain!" Ranma yelled as he tried to get away from
Shampoo.

"Die, Ranma!" Akane screamed as she brought out her hammer and smashed
Ranma on the hand.

"Are you OK, Ranma?" asked Ryoko with a huge sweat dot on her head.

"Yeah, I’m kinda use to it now." Ranma answered as he winced because of
the pain.

"Ranma take Shampoo to date now?" Shampoo asked as she hugged Ranma even
tighter.

Before Ranma can answer, Ryoko grabbed him and ran toward the school
screaming, "Come on, we are going to be late!" however they did get very
far, because Shampoo jumped in front of Ryoko and brought out her sword.

"Where you take Ranma?" Shampoo asked as she took a step toward Ryoko.

"We are going to school?" Ryoko answered the obese answer.

"No, Ranma no go school!" Shampoo yelled as she started to attack Ryoko
with her sword, "Ranma take Shampoo to date!" Shampoo was shocked as
Ryoko simply avoided all Shampoo’s attacks, but she didn’t attack back,
Shampoo was not happy. ‘Why did she avoid all Shampoo attacks? No one
can beat Shampoo, other then Ranma! Shampoo no let her win!" 

Shampoo started to attack as fast as she can, but Ryoko continues to
avoid her attacks and refuse to attack back. This continues for a while
till, Ryoko was getting tired because she had not fully recovered from
all that running from yesterday decided it was time to stop this, Ranma,
Akane and Nabiki were getting so worried. Ryoko waited for a moment
then, simply stepped out of the way and tripped Shampoo.

Shampoo was shocked, no one had beaten her so easy before, Ryoko had
beaten her with one single attack. It shouldn’t even be called an
attack. She just simply tripped her.

"How kitten girl beat shampoo so fast? Now shampoo have to give you kiss
of death!" Shampoo started to move toward Ryoko, but before she can give
Ryoko the kiss of death Ranma blocked her way. "Why Ranma protect Kitten
girl?" Shampoo demanded.

Ranma shuddered a bit at the word kitten, then answered, "Shampoo, I
won’t let you give Ryoko the kiss of death, because first of all Ryoko’s
not my fiancee and she just came to Nerima two days ago, secondly, she
has no idea about your rules. So, please leave her alone. And if you
don’t you’ll have to go through me."

Shampoo was taken back, Ranma never had mind that much before, why do he
care for that girl so much? "Fine, Shampoo let girl this time, but girl
no get lucky anymore." As Shampoo finished, she left.

Ryoko looked at Ranma as he turned around and looked back at her,
"Ranma, I’m sorry, I guess I didn’t bring you the peace you hoped for."
Ryoko said looking into Ranma’s eyes.

"Come on, Ryoko. It was not your fault." Ranma said smiling.

"Well, come on! We are going to be late!" Ryoko yelled as she ran toward
the school with a big smile. Ranma and Akane followed Ryoko as fast as
they can.

Soon, they reached the school front yard, Kuno walked over to Ranma and
Akane, he had just change Ranma and was about to attack when he saw the
most beautiful girl he’s ever seen. He froze right at the spot.

Ranma was looking at Kuno oddly, he thought for sure that he was going
to change him for a fight but, Kuno was just standing there looking at
them.

Finally Kuno mange to speak, "What is your name my goddess?"

"Ryoko." Ryoko answered calmly.

"Very well. If you can beat me, I will allow you to date me." Kuno said
as he started to attack Ryoko.

"Date you? Ha! Like I would ever want to date you!" Ryoko laughed at the
statement, as she jumped away from all his attacks.

‘She’s good!’ though Kuno, ‘Such beauty, such grace, truly worth of my
self!’ After Kuno saw none of his attack worked, he started to attack
for really, as fast as he can. However, it was nothing to Ryoko. Ryoko
thought to herself, ‘How pathetic! He doesn’t stand a chance against
me!’ she simply kicked Kuno and he fell to the ground.

"I’ll date you!" Kuno said before he fainted.

"Idiot!" said Ryoko as she and the rest of the group walked in to the
school.

Be continued.

Next Chapter:

Tenchi is going to live in Nerima, but does he know that Ryoko is also
there? Will he find her? And even if he dose, will Ryoko be willing to
go back to the Tenchi family? To know the answer you will have to wait.
Oh, if there are spelling mistakes or grammar mistakes, please forgive
me! This is my first FanFic. And please do e-mail me to tell me if this
is good!