Disclaimer- Don’t you dare say anything! Lol.

Ryoko’s looking in Vegeta’s diary!! Man, that is one bad girl! Bet Vegeta’s
gonna be cross with her!

The Ryoko Saga

‘The Book Of Vegeta’

Ryoko looked onto the first page of Vegeta’s diary. It read April 16th, 40th
century, 6th decade of the 1st year. Ryoko sighed and began to read.

‘First day of hell. Father has sent me to work with Frieza, doesn’t he know
that that tyrant can not be trusted?! I set out with my servants Raditz and
Nappa by my side. Frieza’s ship is huge but the doors to the rooms look like
the doors of a prison. No place for a prince to be! We enter Frieza’s throne
room where the overgrown lizard plonks his fat behind on a throne that is
built for royalty not scum! Frieza orders his two bets men named Zarbon and
Dodoria to take me to my chambers. Raditz protests as does Nappa but the two
of them are soon silenced by Frieza and dragged away to their own chambers.
I reach my room and am thrown inside and locked in. I hear them laughing. I
take in my surroundings, not pleasant at all. A bed is situated in the far
corner to my left and a small bathroom is to my right. A tiny closet is in
the corner directly to my left as is a small desk. This room isn’t even big
enough for a slave! I guess that is what I am to Frieza though. A new
recruited slave. Can’t get much worse than this.’

Ryoko stared into the diary and decided to pass over a few pages. She opened
the book at a new year. It said November 25th, 6th decade of the 9th year.
(40th century)

Ryoko- Vegeta went with Frieza at about 5 years of age so he’d be 13 at this
entry.

She looked back at the book and continued her reading.

‘ Frieza has finally sent me my first purging mission. According to his
rules, one must begin purging missions when one become’s a teen. What a load
of bull shit! I heard some of the crew today talking about something else
that happens when you turn 13. It had better be as good as purging! Those
people that I destroyed today, what a load of idiots! At 1800 hours today, I
was ordered to meet with Frieza in his throne room. Does that lizard ever
leave that room? I entered with my pride held high as usual and the lizard
spoke to me. ‘ You know that when you become 13 you begin purging planets?’
He asked me. I replied with a yes. He then asked ‘ But do you know of
another thing that you must go through when you become 13?’ I replied
quickly with a no. I must admit, I was a little afraid. Frieza smirked at me
and said ‘Then this will be all the more enjoyable for me’. I took a step
back as he disappeared from his throne and reappeared behind me. I turned
around to face him and was knocked to the ground and kept in place with
cuffs on my wrists and ankles attatching me to the floor. I looked up at the
ugly beast in front of me that was smirking evilly. He fell on top of me and
whispered in a voice full of lust ‘Have you figured it out yet, pleasure
slave?’ I then knew what I had to suffer through when I became 13. He was
going to rape me! He tore my clothes off me until I was completely naked and
then he…

Ryoko stopped reading. Vegeta was raped as a child?! No wonder he trusted no
one! She skimmed through the rest, not wanting to know the disgusting
details. She continued reading when the torture was over.

‘I was crying like a fucking baby when he finally stopped. He got up and
turned to me, his voice still thick with lust ‘You sure are one beautiful
specimen Vegeta. I can’t wait until you get older’. Then he disappeared from
sight, from the room and my arms and legs were set free. The pain was agony
and I managed to stand weakly. Clothes suddenly appeared on my naked body
and I quickly walked out, wipinbg away my tears before anyone saw me. Blood
still flowed from my mouth where he had slapped me and blood was starting to
seep through my clothes from where he had clawed my back. I got a few looks
of pity on the way back to my room. They must’ve had to go through what I
had gone through. Once inside my room, I stripped myself of clothes and
quickly got into the shower, trying desperately to get his disgusting scent
washed off me. I came out smelling sweet with no trace of his scent on me,
and the blood had long stopped flowing. I climbed into bed wearing only my
underwear and slept, hoping I wouldn’t be plagued with nightmares of what he
did to me.

Ryoko started to cry again, cry for the torment Vegeta went through, cry for
Vegeta’s suffering, cry for…for Vegeta. She skipped a few pages and came to
an entry when Vegeta would be 16. It read May 2nd, 40th century, 7th decade
of the 2nd year.

‘Purging mission went well today. The guys on the planet were all push
overs. Easy win. I turned 16 a few days ago and am not happy with it. When
you turn 13 aboard this ship, Frieza rapes you once, then leaves you alone
until you turn 16 then Frieza can pick on you anytime. I am an antelope and
Frieza is the hungry cheetah, waiting to pounce on me when I least expect
it. I walked back into my room, unaware of what tonight would bring. How was
I supposed to know that going to the training room tonight would be the
biggest mistake I ever made? I got a shower and dressed in my training
clothes intending to do a few hours of training. I arrived at the room to
discover Zarbon, Dodoria and Frieza there. There was no one else in the
room. When I entered the room they all turned to look at me with evil
smirks. As soon as the door closed it was automatically locked and Zarbon
flew at me, pinning me to the wall. He kissed me with passion and teared
away my clothes. He then threw me to the floor and stood back as Frieza
approached and did exactly what he had done to me when I was 13. I won’t
terrify you with the details again. Once he was finished, I was a wreck but
I didn’t cry. I didn’t have any cuffs so I could just get up and wak away
but they overpowered me. They were stronger than me. I hate that! Zarbon
then appeared over me and took off his own clothes. He raped me too. I am
not going to say the details, even in my own diary. By then, I was an
unmoving body driven into unconsciousness. I was rudely awoke by a slap on
the cheek and opened my eyes to a hideous sight. Dodoria was smirking at me.
He then stripped off his own clothes and raped me. Three times in one night.
Not what I had planned! When they had all finished with me, they left the
room and left me on the floor bleeding and now crying. I then lost
consciousness. I awoke in a re generation tank, someone had brought me here.
Nappa was in the room and ran to the tank when he saw I had awoken. He had
known this all along, I could tell. Yet he hadn’t told me!? He will pay for
that, someday.

Ryoko quit reading there. No one deserved to be treated the way Vegeta had
been. If she had been treated like that she would’ve gone crazy! She skimmed
the next few pages until she got to the fight with Goku. It read June 18th,
40th Century, 7th decade of the 6th year.

‘Today I was sent with Nappa to destroy a planet known as Earth. A saiyan
called Kakkarot had been sent here and he was never heard from again.
Kakkarot must’ve been weak. We landed and stepped out of our capsules. We
had a little welcoming committee. A few little freaks had shown up. One was
bald with 6 dots on his head, one was bald with 3 eyes, one was a namek, one
was a little boy who looked like a saiyan but just lacked the ruthless look
in his eyes, one was a guy with a scar on his face and one was a full
blooded saiyan. Kakkarot. He told me that he wouldn’t allow me to blow up
the planet so I sent Nappa on him to make him shut his trap. Nappa was
destroyed so I went after Kakkarot myself. I fought my hardest but I lost!
It was unimaginable! A prince losing to a 3rd class clown! I crawled back to
my ship when the small bald one approached me and was about to finish me
off. I waited for the final blow when Kakkarot told him to spare my life. I
got back into my ship and went back to Frieza who was currently near Planet
Namek. I still can’t believe I lost.

Ryoko knew that Vegeta’s pride must’ve taken one hell of a whack when he was
beaten by Goku. She skipped a few pages more and came to the entry where she
herself had met the Z gang. It read August 29th, 40th century, 8th decade of
the 5th year. Vegeta was 29.

‘Today this strange woman appeared. She appeared to be saiyan but her eyes
were feral like a cat’s and her hair wasn’t black. It turned out that she
was a kind of Saiyan as her mother was the goddess Washu, the goddess of the
Cat Saiyans. Washu’s sister Tokimi was the goddess of the ape Saiyans of
which I am the prince. My son took a liking to her and I know that he
doesn’t belong with her! I am not sure how I fell about this mysterious
woman. Her name is Ryoko and she has power far surpassing anyone. She is
living at Capsule Corporation for the moment and I know that she loves my
son. But he doesn’t love her I know. He only likes her. This is all too
confusing for my liking. Ryoko has split herself into two and one of the two
is Gohan’s age. Kakkarot’s brat and Hisui (Ryoko’s double) are ‘going out’
as the humans call it what ever that means. If having this girl here means
that some villain will come to earth then good. I need a challenge. I’m sick
of everyone trying to make me settle down with Bulma! I may have made her
conceive a child but I do not love her! I still do not feel love or want to
feel love. I am not changing.

Ryoko- Looks like he wants to go back to the way he was. He can’t stand the
fact that he’s changing. What’s the last entry in this thing? Here we are.
November 7th, 40th century, 8th decade of the 5th year.

‘Today was nothing unusual besides the demon acting a little strange. She’s
never this forward. And she curses more. There’s something wrong here. That
voice that keeps calling to me is something to do with this I’m sure of it.
Hmmm…I feel like I recognise the voice but from where? Probably somewhere
stupid so it doesn’t matter. My son has gone with ‘Ryoko’ to the forest. Who
cares? I know that that isn’t really Ryoko anyway. I need to warn Trunks.
That isn’t really my Ryoko.

And that was his last entry before he was captured and sacrificed himself.
The last words he ever wrote.

Ryoko- He calls me ‘his Ryoko’. He really does love me. He has to come back
somehow so I can make him say it. But…I love Trunks…

And I’m gonna leave it there!!!!!! CLIFFHANGER ALERT! MWAHAHAHHA! Hee hee.
Am I evil or what? So she says she loves Trunks, or does she love Vegeta
more? Find out next time! If there is a next time hee hee. I need at least 2
e-mails or I won’t carry on the fic! So :p! Oh and the scenes that I missed
out, Vegeta getting raped, if any of you hentais wanna fill in the details
then e-mail me to say so! So if ya wanna send me praise (^_^ please! *makes
puppy dog eyes*), flames, add me 2 ur contact list 4 msn messenger, or just
wanna chat 2 the strangest teen girl in the fanfic crossover team then
e-mail me at petaholic2001@hotmail.com